VOLUME LXXXin.-XO. 55.
SPECIAL TRAINS SPEED WITH THE JUBILEE CALLS.
ONE BREAKS
RECORDS TO
LOS ANGELES
Never Has Such Speed Been
Attained in the Run to
the Southern Me
tropolis.
O At the Instance of The Call O
O railroad records were lowered to O
O an astonishing mark yesterday, O
O and the Southern Pacific demon- O
O strated that it can keep pace O
O with any line in the world if the O
© occasion requires it. O
Two trains pulled out from the ter
minus at long wharf scarcely five min
utes apart, a few minutes before 2
o'clock yesterday morning, and by the
time the mole was reached were thun
dering along at terrific speed. Along
the east shore of the bay they dashed,
the engineer of the leading train vainly
(striving to shake off his pursuer, while
the latter soon found that the best he
could do was to keep the lights on the
leader in view without gaining an inch
on them.
A more thrilling race was never run —
a more frightened lot of journalists
never lived to record their experience.
It was all due to the Jubilee edition
of The Call. North and south, through
out the length of the State people had
read the promises of the crowning tri
umph in journalism and clamored for
it at the earliest possible moment.
The Call has satisfied their clamor
ings.
But in order to- do so special trains
had to be chartered and arrangements
I made to give them the right of way
over all other trains. More than that,
the regular trains were to be side
tracked wherever orders reached them
until the specials passed with The Call,
and orders were given that there was
not to be an r instant's delay" at any
point and that the fastest time possible
was to be made.
Two trains were made up, the first
f to be run through the San Joaquin
Valley, over the snow-clad Tehachapi
to the orange groves of Los Angeles;
the other to distribute Jubilee Calls
. to the prosperous inhabitants of the
Sacramento Valley as far north as the
State capital and "Woodland.
With the starting of the great presses
the rush began. Scores of mailing
clerks deftly wrapped the papers in
huge bundles, the wrappers having
previously been labeled with the desti
nation, the packages being loaded into
wagons and rushed at a gallop to the
Folsom-street dock, where the fast
tug Active was in waiting, steam up
and everything in readiness for a hur
ried run across the bay.
Never did a boat receive quicker dis
patch and never was a cargo so quickly
unloaded.
At the end of long wharf, which juts
out into the bay nearly a mile beyond
the mole, and therefore lessened the
bay trip that much, stood Southern
Pacific locomotive 1500, a great com
pound machine, one of the fastest on
the road. Into the train It drew was
piled the bundles destined for Sacra
mento and way stations. Engineer
Raymon fingered the throttle, while
Conductor Davis had charge of the
train.
In front of the Sacramento special
■was locomotive 1365, another record
breaking machine, presided over by
Engineer Woods. This, too, drew a
light train. Conductor Ware having its
destinies in his keeping during the first
half of the run to Fresno.
At 1:53 o'clock the last bundle was
y tossed on board, the newspaper men
detailed to accompany the two trains
clambered Into the cars. Conductor
Ware gave the signal and the Los An
geles special plunged forward. As her
lights flashed past the Sixteenth-street
station, Oakland, Engineer Raymon re
ceived the word, and he lost no time
In getting under way.
Then began the race to Port Costa,
where the roads diverge, one bearing
away to the south and the other cross
ing Carquinez Straits and on north to
Sacramento. Not a stop was to be
made by either train until Port Costa
was reached, and the driver of the sec
ond special determined to cut down
some of the lead the other had been
given. Through the blackness of the
night the trains sped like tandem me
teors, no slackening of speed however !
sharp the turns and with no percep- i
tible advantage to either until the Sac- I
ramento flyer was forced to stop at the
landing place of the big ferry-boat
Solano. Then, and only then, did the
■ pursued whisk her lights out of sight.
The stories of the two lightning runs
are told below by. the correspondents j
on board the trains.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. This after- ;
noon all Southern California is talking
of the enterprise of The Call. It has
accomplished what has never been done !
before, and the people of Los Angeles
were reading at 2:30 in the afternoon
the edition which started from the
long wharf at 2 o'clock this morning.
. Within ten minutes after the arrival '•
' of the tug carrying the immense load
of papers across the bay the special
train, drawn by the fastest engine be- j
longing to the Southern Pacific, went ;
flying out toward Oakland, along the
Mole and through the city at a speed
which astonished even the railroad men j
The San Francisco Call
' who were there to see the departure.
Faster and faster It sped until a speed
of sixty miles an hour was attained,
and this was kept up all through the
night until near the dawn of day.
when an accident to the engine caused
: a delay of almost two hours. It waa
I one of those providential accidents
which prevented one that would in all
' probability have ended not only the trip
: but the lives of all on board the train.
The breaking of a small bolt caused
the engine to stop, and after remedying
this an inspection of the big machine
was made which resulted In finding a
: broken pin in the driving rod. But a
i few more revolutions of the wheels
would have thrown the rod around and
against the ties, which would have sent
, the train into the ditch.
By this accident an honr and forty
five minutes was lost between Modesto
j and Fresno, but on arrival at the latter
i point a new engine and crew took
charge of the coach, and on being urged
i to make up as much time as possible
\ the speed was increased until at times
seventy miles an hour was attained.
; As the train plunged along at this fear
ful speed the single coach swayed and
jumped as if it might leave the track
lat any moment. As the train thun
j dered by the small statkms the startled
inhabitants rushed from their beds
; only to gaze on the blackness of night.
; for the cause of the disturbance had
disappeared in the distance. As day
light approached the people were seen
gathered at th^ stations, for announee
bmM had been made that a vrild spe-jlal
was tearing along the road. They had
little time to look and no time to s«e
what tt was. for before they could get
their wits collected the train bearing
its load of Jubilee Calls had flashed up
i and by and was vanishing in the dis
tance.
At Fresno a five minutes stop was
made in order to change engines, and
; there the people had an opportunity of
learning what it was that was causing
such a commotion on the road. On all
sides were h^ard commendations of The
Call for its enterprise and progressive
! spirit, and the demand for the magnifi
cent edition was so great the agent wag
j compelled to ask for more than the
quota allotted to him.
From Fresno to Goshen the run was
j made in three-quarters of an hour:
; thence to BakersfiHd the time was
: kept at seventy miles an hour almost
I the entire way. and by the time the
second change of engines was made
there was very little of the lost time to
be made up. Bakersfield was reached
in seven hours from the Long wharf,
( and in this time must be included the
two hour? lost, which makes the actual
running time between those two points
! the fastest in the history of the road.
There have been other special trains
run in a hurry on the Southern Padfir,
but none of them have made the record '
; that ha? now been set by The Call.
, From Bakersfield came the long grade
■ up Tehachapi Mountains, and this run j
was made in the remarkably short tlm?
of one hour and forty minutes. Once
I over the range, whore a heavy snow
i storm was raging:, the speed was again
i increased until seventy miles an hour
was reached, and this was continued \
until Mohave was reached at 11:25.
The engineer was spurred to greater
effort at this point, and he was asked
to make every endeavor to reach Los
Angeles at 2 o'clock. He said he would
do it if it were In the engine and we did
not go into the ditch. It was in the i
j engine and we did not go into the ditch, j
j for just as the long whistle blew an- i
nouncing the- approach \o the beautiful !
city of the south, the hand? of the
; watches marked exactly the hour of 2.
I was slowed down on entering the
{limits of the <ity. and tlv greeting ( ,f
the people of L,os Angeles to the special
train of The Call came just at 2:20,
marking the finish of the remarkable
run from San Francisco to Los An
cr.•]• B, a distance of 490 miles, in twelve
< hours, including stops and delay of two
I hours from accident.
There are many incidents that kept
the mind busy on this long run which
! did not seem long. There was too much
excitement to permit of interest lag
ging, and during the entire distance
there was not a minute or a mile that
did not have something in it that made
: the trip an interesting one from a trav
eler's point of view.
During the night the train seemed
enveloped with a cloud of luminous
dust, and to the people who saw it
flashing through the darkness it must
have seemed something uncanny and j
unearthly. As the morning dawned
Rocks of ducks and geese rose from the j
marshes and fields along the track and i
here and there a coyote could be seen '
sneaking along on his way home
after a night's hunt for a break- !
fast. People started to run to the de
pots to see the spectacle, but before j
they reached the platform the train :
was out of sight, leaving but a cloud j
of cinders and dust to show that some
thing had gone by. At one station an
unfortunate dog was crossing the
SAX FRANCISCO, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1898.
track, and he looked up to see what
was coming. His momentary stop was
fatal, for In an instant his body was
cut in two, while his owner shook his
fist lmpotently at the space where the
train ought to have been had it been
a regular. As the train approached
Los Angeles the roads were lined with
people who had driven out in buggies
and ridden on bicycles to see the in
coming wonder. They saw but little of
the train, and had to read the banner
on the side of the car by piecemeal, for
it went by so rapidly that they could
hardly distinguish the letters, and be
fore they could read the first word the
whole was too far In advance to be
seen.
The train was scheduled to arrive
PICTORIAL STORY OF A RECORD-BREAKING RUN.
jat the Arcade in Los Angeles at 3
i o'clock, but the good engines and the
! masterly engineers and conductors of
I the Bouthen Pacific system beat the
i schedule by almost an hour, and the
i result was that while the people were
I leisurely wending their way toward the
depot to see the special arrive, the pa
pers were being unloaded and the train
| backed into the yards. These who were
! there, however, made up for the lack
! of numbers by their warmth of wel
come, and the dusty an<i dnder-be
grimed men who went through on the
coach were taken In hand and greeted
as cordially as if they. too. had been
dressed in their Sunday clothes.
The rapid increase In the circulation
of The Call In the past two weeks will
now be further augmented If the ex
pressions heard on all sides is any cri
terion upon which to base judgment.
All the afternoon, in the streets and in
the hotels, nothing was talked of but
the remarkably fast run made by The
Call Special bearing the jubilee edition.
Nor was the train and its remarkable
speed all that received commendation,
for the handsome edition and the men
who have done so much for the im
provement of the paper, came in for
their share of the praise so generously
bestowed, and the general sentiment
was that The Call would henceforth
maintain the proud position of being
the first and best of San Francisco's
dallies.
The Call was on sale here seventeen
hours ahead of the Examiner and
Chronicle.
EARLY DELIVERY OF
THE CALL'S JUBILEE
EDITION AT TULARE.
For the First Time Residents Read a San
Francisco Sunday Paper Before Break
fast and They Praise the Enterprise.
TI'LAUE, Jan. 23.— The Call special
carrying the special Jubilee Edition
reached Tulare this morning at 7:30
o'clock, just twelve hours in advance
of the usual time of delivery. When
the news agent at this place received
the notice that the special would arrive
this morning a large crowd gathered
at the bulletin board. The train
reached Tulare nearly two hours ahead
of time and Tularans for the first time
read The Sunday Call before breakfast.
Early as it was a crowd was at the
depot to welcome the Jubilee special.
The train did not stop, but only slowed
up to permit the messenger to throw
off the hundreds of copies for this
place. F. Rosen thai, the live news
agent, put his carriers upon bicycles
and the paper was delivered to sub
scribers promptly at 8 o'clock. Xews- '
boys found ready sales for the paper
and in a surprisingly short space of
time the copies were all sold. Men of
all shades of opinion united in praising
the enterprise of The Call In thus beat
ing all record for speedy delivery in
tlrifl valley.
Said one prominent citizen: "The Call
is the livest paper in California." The
prompt delivery and superior quality
of contents were v.-idely commented
upon and unstinted and generous praise
was bestowed upon The Call manage
ment. All Tulare is reading Sunday's
Call and the special edition distances ,
' all competitors. Truly The Call speaks
for all.
GREAT SENSATION
IS CREATED AT THE
CITY OF VISALIA.
Early Morning Delivery of the Great Jubilee
Edition an Enterprise in Journalism
That Is Loudly Praised.
VISALIA, Jan. 23.— The Calls grand
Golden Jubilee Edition made a pro- ;
found sensation in Visalia. Its achieve
meat in laying down in this city Sun- j
day morning's paper on Sunday morn- i
lag, although we are 250 mii. s from San
Francisco, is something unique In '■
newspaper enterprise. Many are the j
compliments that have been paid The
Call and its manager by citizens. The
.Call reached (Joshen shortly after 8
o'clock this morning, and Nate Rogers. I
the main distributor of the paper, was
on hand with his boggy to hurry the
bundles of O;il is over to Yisalia. He
had all he could carry. His Vlsalla
subscribers soon were enjoying th.-ir
morning paper, while a crowd collected i
;:t Levy Broa.' store, where The Call is
■old, to comment on :h.- early appear- I
ance of th>-ir favorite journal.
One of th.- leading busin-ss men said
this evening that he had been reading '
Th>' C*a!l all day; that it v.as on-- of the
beat last* b he had ever handled of any
paper. Another remarked: "That is a
most excellent paper. I intend to Me
it away for future use. The Call is
taking the lead nowadays."
One of th<' proprietors of a daily '
paper says The Call is about the only ;
ettjr paper that hi!s c-erlitable news at
:-t. Ho always looks for Th.- Call
; when he wants to make clippings for !
h!s own paper. He i* greatly pleased
with the Jubilee Edition.
Newsboys did a good business selling
Th.- Call this forenoon, for the people
showed their appreciation of such en
j terprise.
RESIDENTS OF MAD ERA
SURPRISED BY THE
CALL'S ENTERPRISE.
Leading Citizens ueciare mat the Special
Train and Mammoth Edition Eclipse Mil
Previous Efforts en the Coast.
MAPERA. Jan. 23.— The Jubilee Edi
tion of The Call arrived by special
train at 6 o'clock this morning:, and
was Immediately delivered by special
c-arriers through the city, and was the
first object to preet the early risers
upon the opening of their front doors.
Many expressions of approval have
been heard relative to the enterprise
displayed on behalf of The Call. R.
Roberts, president of the Commrecia!
Bank, said: 'This Jubilee Edition of
The Call found on my porch this morn
ing is a triumph In journalism and
eclipses any former effort made by that
paper; or, I may say, any other paper
on the coast. Its resume of the min
ing industries of the State is most
commendable."
C. J. Eubanks. County Clerk, said:
"While The Call Is not of my politics,
I cannot resist saying that it Is a great
paper, and its Jubilee Edition should
be preserved as a part of the history
of the State."
W. M. Hughes, son of the father of
Fresno, said: "I am. in the language
of Dave Hill, 'A Democrat," still I ad-
mire The Call for the energy displayed
in the Jubilee Edition. I regard The
Call as a great paper, full of news,
clean and decent."
E. H. Ccx, cashier of the Commercial
F-ank. said: "I have always admired
The Call, and particularly do I admire
anything enterprising and energetic in
journalism. I take nearly all the daily
papers. I read them carefully as to
financial and business reports. I have
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for Pan Fran
cisco: Fair Monday: continued cold
weather: probably heavy frost In the
morning; light northerly, winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 48 degrees
Portland 32 degrees
I»s Angeles 58 degrees
San Diego 54 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Call's Special Jubilee Trains.
SECOND PAGE.
Good Wishes for California.
Coursing at Sacramento.
THIItD PAGE.
Los Angeles Herald Rebuked.
FOURTH PAGE.
Clark Sorry He Confessed.
Changes in Sixth Regiment.
President Dole In Chicago.
Warships Off Key West.
Anti-Jewish Riots In Algiers.
Governors on Annexation.
FIFTH PAGE.
News of the Water Front.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
The Day of Jubilee.
Brilliant Prospects Continue.
A Free Public Market.
The Honor of Being Disliked.
Surveying. at Nicaragua.
Sights and Sensations of the Play.
Stories from the Corridors.
News of Foreign -Navies.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Had His Wife Arrested.
At the. Shooting Butts.
Insane on His Honeymoon.
At the City Theaters. ,
News from Across the Bay.
..EIGHTH PAGE.
The City Hall Dome Row.
Coursing at Ingleside.
Footpads at Work Again.
Police Captain Hcaley Dead.
Labor Unions and the Charter.
NINTH" PAGE.'
Alleged Murderer Captured.
TENTH PAGE.
Appeal of the Unemployed. ;
News of the National Guard.
■■' ELEVENTH PAGE. .
Births, ' Marriages and . Deaths.
TWELFTH PAGE. •
Ready for the , Great . Day.
Regular Army ; Notes. . .
THIS CALL
SPECIAL TO
SACRAMENTO
Swiftest Trip on Record to
the State Capital Made
by the Train Bearing
the Golden Number.
always found The Call's reports satis
factory, with the business knowledge I
obtain from other sources corrobora
tive of them."
Judge Arch McDonald picked up a
copy of the Jubilee Edition of The Call,
and. after glancing: through it, bought
a copy at the newsstand. He said:
"I'm a "49'er, and I think that there is
more of interest here than I have seen
for a long time. I like The Call because
I admire its enterprise."
ENTERPRISE THAT IS
DULY APPRECIATED
AT FRESNO CITY.
"It is a Splendid Paper and a Great Scoop
on yellow Journalism." Say Readers
of the Jubilee Edition.
FRESNO. Jan. 23.— Before the people
of Fresno were out of bed this morning
the special train bearing the Golden
Jubilee Edition of The Call pulled Into
Fresno, the papers were delivered to
C. T. Cearley, the local agent, and The
Call special sped away to Los An
geles.
The special arrived here at 6:50 this
morning, but even then it was an hour
behind the time when it was due. ow
ing to an unfortunate mishap, as for
the last eight miles the engine had to
creep along on account of a hot box.
Another engine was obtained here and
the change was made with lightning
rapidity.
The Calls were on the street ten
hours and twenty minutes before any
of its competitors, and the papers were
delivered to the regular subscribers so
that they had them at their breakfast
table. The street sale 3 were enormous,
everybody buying a Call. The edition
here were sold out before night. It
was a boon to the newsboys that they
will never forget.
Everywhere expressions of praise
could be heard for the remarkable en
terprise of The Call and for the splen
did issue. Here are a few of the com
mendatory words heard on the streets
to-day:
Fulton G. Berry, proprietor of the
Grand Central Hotel— lt was a grand
feat. The Call beat them all. The Is
sue was the greatest I ever saw. I've
been through ail those early day scenes
described, and they were absolutely
true. Not overdrawn, but realistic. It
made me feel like a boy again with my
pick in hand working in the mines.
Continued on Second Pass.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 23.— "Right of
track over all trains" is the way the
order read which was handed to Con
ductor Davis and Engineer Raymon
on the Oakland pier this morning just
as they were about to start out with
the special train which was to carry
The Call's Golden Jubilee Edition to
its subscribers throughout the State.
"It was a great run," said Fireman
Gibbs, as he mopped the perspiration
from his brow in Sacramento and
looked at his watch.
It took just one hour and forty-four
minutes to make the run between Oak
land mole and the foot of Second street,
Sacramento. Of course, this did not
include the stops, for the simple reason
that there were none.
From the start to the finish there
was not a slacking of speed at any
point save the interruption at the Car
quinez Straits.
The tug drew up to the long wharf
with great packages of Calls piled up
on every available foot of space found
on the decks and in the cabin.
The Los Angeles special was first ac
commodated, and although the train
and tug crews worked as fast as they
could a good half hour was consumed
in transferring the bundles from the
tug: to the coach of the Los Angeles
special.
Papers for the north were then placed
In the car of the Sacramento special,
and soon both trains were flying
along the- coast of . Alameda- -County
at a speed that was fearful.
A good stiff breeze was blowing- from
the north, but it hindered not, and
when just seven minutes out from the
mnle it reached the stock yadrs. One
minute more and West Berkeley faded
away, and six minutes later the sta
tion lights at Pan Pablo indicated that
the special had reached the mile a
minute mark, with splendid prospects
of passing Pinole at just a trifle faster
than that. The sensation of rounding
those curves between Pinole and Port
Costa in the darkness of night at such
a rate of speed was somewhat ex
hilarating, and at the same time not
entirely free from a fear that can
hardly be described.
Thirty minutes were not consumed
in passing Port Costa and from Be
nlcia to Sacramento there has never
been a faster run than that made by-
Engineer Raymon this morning.
As each station was approached the
bundles of Calls were balanced in the
door of the car and as the lights In
the station window appeared they were
tilted a bit and then sent flying
through the air until they landed on
the station platform.
One of the bundles struck a baggage
truck that was standing outside, upon
which had been left an empty chicken
coop. Whon the station agent looked
for the coon later on he found frag
NEW TO-DAY.
**'*j&^*ss-* A woman's looking-glass
iJvr/JA&jiivXfr floes not lie to her. If she
'Tp*fsJ^\ tW looks carefully and owns
jftff'&Xfyl&rii* tbe truth to herself, she
llpT yill acknowledge that
If*' *' shows to her; as it
Jj /\*^i\v* shows to others, a face
!&r~e*Jyr/i lL V f u^ °? the ugliness of
■I' i 1 j/'Ji >" »*» suffering and pain. If
llUii^Xj^ v --/§»Li?"A a woman wants her
K-k^SV^Xst^ii I m i rror to reflect a pain-
v^^>Y' ->~<»v i ree ace slle should
•jt^W^yfeSSi? «& talce P ro P er care of
*d&tt**J£?s>sf AtfX her womanly self.
)^l^»«lli She. should see that
(*T/^M^^^^^^ the organs that
U^'{^4ii > l^'ui^ B \ inine are kept
free • from weak-
ness and disease. By this means only
can a woman remain fresh-looking and
attractive.
Women may erase from their faces the
lines of suffering by using Dr. Pierces Fa-
vorite Prescription. Over 90,000 women
have testified in writing to its marvelous
merits. It acts directly on the womanly or-
gans. It makes them strong and healthy.
It cures all weakness and disease. It allays
inflammation, soothes pain, and calms arifl
steadies and invigorates the pain-racked
nerves. It prepares for wifehood and moth-
erhood. It does away with the discomforts
of the expectant period. It insures baby's
health and makes its advent easy and al-
most painless. All good druggists sell it.
" I am going to write and tell you the benefits
I have received from taking your medicines,"
writes Mrs. J. B. Clough. Box "203, Lisbon, Grafton
Co., N. Hampshire. "I am the mother of a nice
baby four and a half months old. He is a perfect
child and weighs about eighteen pounds. If you
remember I --rote you about a year ago about my
condition. I cannot give too much praise to your
. ' Favorite Prescription ' as it saved me a great
deal of suffering. I got along remarkably well, I
this being my first baby." #
"Knowledge is power." In a thorough
knowledge of the human body lies the
power that will at last stamp out weakness
of the body and mediocrity of mentality.
Dr. Pierce has taken a long look into the
future through his "Common Sense Medi-
cal Adviser." It is full of just such knowl-
edge as will do the family the most good.
This book of over 1000 pages and finely il-
lustrated has had an unprecedented sale.
About 700.000 copies have been sold at Si. 50
per volume. Now it can be had in paper
covers for 21 cents in one-cent stamps. In
fine French cloth for ten cents more. Ad-
dress, World's Dispensary Medical Associa-
tion, Buffalo, N. Y. ;2
monts only and they were so small he
did not take the time to gather them
up.
Th" lights of Suisun, Elmira, Dixon
and Davisville flashed in such rapid
succession that they seemed but a mile
apart, ami before if could be realized
the lights on the Capital told that a
wonderful run had bt en made and the
earliest riser in Sacramento found his
morn in p Call on the doorstep before the
dawn of day.
Scenes similar to the occasion when
the New Eia Edition was distributed
took place at The rail's headquarters
tit Seventh and X streets.
The newsboys were wild over the dls
covey that The Call had arrived at so
early an hour, and some immediately
proceeded to the residence portion of
the city, where they made many sales.
Regular subscribers began to gather
later in order to secure extra copies.
The Call's enterprise was a complete
success iii every particular, and those
who participated in it besides Con
ductor Davis and Engineer Raymon
were Brakemen Coakley and EHeves,
Fireman Gibbs and Superintendent
McCall of the Sacramento agency. No.
1680 was the locomotive which made the
marvelous run.
PEOPLE OF BENICIA
ASTONISHED BY THE
CALL'S EARLY ARRIVAL.
But Still Greater Surprise Was Caused
by the Magnificence of the Mammoth
Golden Jubilee Edition.
BBNICIA, Jan. 23.— The best praise
for enterprise and progressiveness is
the voice of the people; the next best
is the biased criticism of your adver
saries. Both were unstinted in the ex
pression of opinion to-day. The people
won- pleasantly astonished when they
woke up this morning and found the
San Francisco Call at their doors three
hours ahead of the other dailies, but
the greatest astonishment was at the
pap< r itself, and as of late a great deal
has been said about the early history
of the Stati it met a welcome recep
tion, for the reason that it settled all
debate by laying open to public view
the incidents and circumstances per
taining to the growth and development
of California in such a succinct and
graphic manner that all were pleased.
Much praise was given the paper for
its splenedid typographical appearance,
the half tones being the best that have
appeared in any paper yet, and the
frontispiece being both true to life and
color. Take it all in all. The Call made
many friends with its Jubilee Edition,
and as one gentleman in the crowd
said, "Boys, the other daily papers will
have to run a rapid race to be in it
with The Call."
DIXON'S CITIZENS
EXPRESS APPROVAL
OF THE ENTERPRISE.
Subscribers Receive the Golden Jubilee Num-
ber Before Daylight, and Newsboys
Do a Big Business.
DIXOX, Jan. 23.— Many were the ex
pressions of approval of the enterprise
of The Call when the citizens of Dixon
appeared upon the streets this morn
tag after having read their Jubilee
Edition hours in advance of the arrival
of the other San Francisco papers.
The special passed through at 4:50
o'clock, and the papers were distrib
uted to regular subscribers at daylight.
Newsboys also disposed of large num
bers to e?ger buyers during the fore
noon. The Jubilee Edition is con
ceded to be one of the best and most
complete editions of a metropolitan
newspaper ever issued.
EAGERLY SCANNED
BY HUNDREDS OF
AUBURN'S RESIDENTS.
Crowds Congregate at the Depot Awaiting
the Arrival of The Call's Special
With the Jubilee Edition.
AUBURN, Jan. 23.— The Call has j
made another scoop over its San Fran- \
<-isco contemporaries. Its Jubilee Edi
tion arrived by special several hours
ahead of the other papers, and its
pages were eagerly scanned by the i
.several hundred pioneers, miners and
other citizens who had congregated at
the depot awaiting the train fmm San
Francisco. Words of commendation j
were heard on nil sides on the attrac
tiveness and general make up of the
paper, and The Call's enterprise
peemed to be appreciated by all. The ;
frontispiece of the horny-handed miner
in pristine costume was true to life, .
and the reminiscences of the early life
of James Marshall were particularly in- I
teresting. The Klondike map was a |
feature and the general collation of j
news well put together.
HOW WOODLAND
RECEIVED THE BIG
JUBILEE EDITION
The Call Accomplished the Greatest Feat
Ever Attempted by a San Francisco
Newspaper.
WOODI«AND, Jan. 23.— "Without a
doubt The Call accomplished the
greatest feat ever attempted by a
newppaprr at Woodland this morning.
Long before the tirst gray streaks of
coming dawn were visible in the east
ern horizon ami ere they had awakened
from their peaceful slumbers the sub
scribers of The Call were served with a
copy of the paper that they might read
and enjoy the news of the day and the
tales of the glorious State's early
pioneers.
The special train bearing the Golden
Jubilee Edition was met at Davlsville.
through which place it passed with
lightning lik» rapidity, an: before the
startled inhabitants living near the
depot could realize what had happened
the papers were being delivered by the
local agent and those destined for the
patrons at Woodland were well on the
way. The early morning train for San
Franciboo bearing hundreds of people
to the great celebration was intercept
ed at the Woodland depot, where the
newsboys soon reaped a rich harvest
from the passengers who could hardly
realize that it was possible for a paper
published nearly a hundred miles away
to be on sale before even the local pa
per was off the press and many were
the compliments paid The Call for its
enterprise in issuing such a paper.
Every one who has seen a copy is
loud in praise and In fact, it is al
most the talk of the city. Everywhere
one goes the bright cover of The Call is
to be seen and behind It the beaming
face of some interested citizen. Suc
cess to The Call is every one's wish
In Woodland.
ONE BREAKS
RECORDS TO
LOS ANGELES
Continued from First Pa*e.
Stanton L. Carter.attorney— The Call
showed great enterpri*«r.
W. A. Neville, owner of the Marguer
ite Vineyard— l came on the early
train and could not believe my ears
when I heard the newsboys with The
CaJL I'm a Call man all over. It is a
splendid paper. That was a great scoop
on yellow journalism.
John Reichman, president of the
Board of Trade— The Call's enterprise
is wonderful. It's a big thing to get a
morning paper 260 miles from San
Francisco at the breakfast table.
John McMullin, president of the
Fresno National Bank— A great issue
and The Call deserves credit tor beat
ing all its rivals by nearly a day.
SIX HOURS AHEAD
OF SAN FRANC/SCO
COMPETITORS AT STOCKTON.
So Welcome Were the Copies of the Jubilee
Edition of The Call That They Were
Scon at a Premium.
STOCKTON, Jan. 23.— The people of
Stockton could hardly believe thelrears
this morning when they heard a legion
of newsboys crying "The Call" on the
streets a few minutes after 9 o'clock.
The papers had hardly been unloaded
from the car till the carriers were
dispatched to the resident portion
of the city, and a swarm of bripht
youngsters were dispensing the mag
nificent Jubilee Edition on the business
thoroughfares. The achievement of the
management was applauded, but creat
ed no great surprise, as The Call for
■event! years past has been considered
the champion of this section, and offi
cial recognition has several times been
made for services in bringing to the
public notice the industrial progress of
the San Joaquin Valley. The yellow
journal arrived nearly six hours later
'. with its very tame special, and the com
parison was not without its effect upon
the thinking people. Before noon the
wagon-load of extras sent in addition
to the 1500 regular subscriptions had
been sold, and this evening there is not
a Call for sale at the newsstands.
On the historical, literary and typo
graphical and art work in the paper
there was only one comment, and that
was that it surpassed any effort ever
1 made by a progressive journal on the
Pacific Coa3t. All the way stations
profited by the time made on the spe
, cial, and to-night The Call is not only
! the most-read paper in the San Joa
quin Valley, hut a journal whose senti
, ments elicit the highest commendation
of all classes.
ONE MORE LAUREL
JUSTLY WON BY THE
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
Grand Gala Scoop Over Presumptuous Con-
temporaries Causes Surprise and Com
mendation Among Merced People.
MERCED. Jan. 23.— The grand gala
scoop of The Call over its more pre
sumptuous contemporaries by the un
expected and highly appreciated ad
vent of a special Golden Jubilee Edi
tion on a special train at break of day
to-day is, indeed, another laurel Justly
won and of which it may well feel
proud. The populace was not slow to
find it out and made post-haste for the
news stands and the El Capitan Hotel,
where with lavish hand regular and
transient customers were served with
the superb edition, it being fully ten
hours in advance of the other big dail
ies, the general news in which had be
come second-handed by the time of
their arrival at 3:15 p. m.
The consensus of opinion was that
Tbe Call scored an impressive sweep
ing victory and got the call on its
rivals. As the frontispiece represents
a miner holding out to the world its
most precious gift, so does the entire
edition present to the State, the nation
and the world a compendium of the
mining industry of the State, its past,
present and future. Nothing like it
was ever seen in Merced before, and
an admiring public rises enmasse to
honor a scoop complete in itself, the
envy of contemporaries and the pride
of the State. As an interesting, in
structive souvenir of an occasion sec
ond to none in the annals of California
it will be treasured at home for its
wealth of news and spread broadcast
for the information it imparts. The
Call leads, others follow or try to, is
what the masses say.
PASSES THROUGH
MODESTO LONG
BEFORE DAYLIGHT.
But the Jubilee Edition Left by The Caff
Special Causes Words of Commenda
tion for the Enterprise.
MODESTO, Jan. 23.— The Call special
passed through this place at 4 o'clock
this morning. Owing to the early hour
no one was out to meet it. but when
the papers were delivered so early the
recipients gave vent to many words of
commendation of the enterprise of The
Call and of the excellent edition.
LINGERS LONG
ENOUGH TO CHANGE
THE LOCOMOTIVES.
But Residents of Bakersfield Receive the
Jubilee Edition From the Special and
Praise the Enterprise.
BAKERPFIELD, Jan. 23.— The Call's j
special train bearing the Golden Jubi
lee Edition arived here this morning
at 9 o'clock. It stole on the town like
the sudden blast of a storm, lingered
five minutes, long enough to change
engines, and then sped away to the
south like a canon ball. So unawares
did it strike the town that few people
realized what had happened until the
papers were being distributed at the
Bakersfield News Company's stand
several minutes later. First a few
came, then followed the rush and ex
citement. 200 copies going in a few
minutes. It was not long till crowds
of people were seen hurrying along
with a Golden Jubilee Edition in their
hands and a smile on their faces.
The Call's agent stated that a great
many citizens on purchasing a copy,
who had never before read The Call,
at once had their names enrolled as
subscribers.
The railroad men are talking enthu
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MOXDAY, JAXFABY 24, IS9B.
siastically over the time mrtde by the
special — sixty miles an hour — and in
consequence Engineer Hamiston, who
held the throttle of No. IL'M that pulled
it in from the north is the lion of the
day. Engineer NeslnU, with No. 1217,
continued the southern journey. 'M.
Hart! y was the fireman for Nesbett
during the lightning run to Los An
geles. _
BRAVE WIND AND
SNOW TO GREET THE
CALL'S SPECIAL TRAIN.
Despite a Raging Storm Many Residents of
Mohave Gather at the Depot to Greet
the Golden Jubilee Edition.
MOJAVE, Jan. 23.— The Call's special
train with the Golden Jubilee Edition
passed Mojave at 11-30 this morning
and notwithstanding the fact that' a
heavy wind and snow storm was rag
ing a large crowd was gathered at the
depot to see the train and obtain a
copy of the paper. Many comments
were made on the enterprise of The
Call in getting its edition to the public
in these remote towns ahead of all
other dallies of the coast and all pro
nounce it a superb edition and worthy
of praise and patronage. Many re
marks were made also about the fast
time of this train, the distance from
here to Los Angelas, 100 miles, over an
uneven mountainous road being made
in two hours and fifty minutes, which
is considered fast time 00 this part of
the road.
LOS ANGELES
RESIDENTS DAZED
BY THE ENTERPRISE.
But They Soon Recover From Their Suj-
prise and Lose No Time in Securing
Copies of the Jubilee Edition,
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— Many of
the people of Los Angeles thought they
had in some mysterious manner and
unconsciously lost a day out of the
calendar when they heard the news
boys shouting the Sunday Jubilee edi
tion of The Call on the Streets this af
ternoon. It was the first time In the
history frf Journalism on the coast that
a San Francisco newspaper reached
this section of th^ State on the same
day that it appeared in th«> metropolis.
People were simply bewildered and it
was difficult in many cases for the lads
who were selling the paper to make
their customers comprehend the actual
state of affairs; the people were in
clined to look upon fhe boys as being
engaged in a confidence game in a
small way until convinced of the true
situation by being shown a copy of the
paper with its handsomely illustrated
cover and the date thereon. On every
side were heard remarks of astonish
ment that the run should have been
made in quick enough time to permit
(rt having The Call on the streets here
as early as 2:45 o'clock on the day of
Its publication.
And words of praise were generously
bestowed on the management of The
Call for the well directed, judicious and
honect enterprise that mad'> such a
thing possible. This Innovation was
locked upon as only one of the many
indications lately given by The Call
that a new era had dawned in journal
ism on the Pacific Coast and that The
<^all was determined to be the leader
in this new journalism that has for its
watchword 'Truth, accuracy, decency,
enterprise and progress."
It lacked but a few minutes of 2:30
p. m. when the special train contain'*ig
the many thousand copies of The Call
dt-stined for Los Angeles and the Other
cities and towns south of this point
pulled into the Arcade depot. All the
necessary arrangements had lieen made
by J. M. Cremin. the superintendent of
circulation of The Call, who is now in
Lo3 Angeles, for the prompt dispatch
of the papers to the other towns in
Southern California, and by H. W. Pat
ton, the local agent of The Call, for the
prompt distribution of the papers to
the subscribers in this city. In less
than fifteen minutes from the time the
engine came to a stop in the Arcade
depot the newpboys were selling The
Sunday Call on the streets, and before
the shades of night descend. ■«! upon the
city many thousand copies had been
disposed of, notwithstanding the fact
that but few people are on the streets
on Sunday.
Here are a few expressions of opinion
on the enterprise of The Call in giving
to the people of Los Angeles a San
Francisco paper on the day it is pub
lished in the city at the Golden Gate:
Senator Robert N. Bu!la— This is a
remarkable and commendable piece of
enterprise from many standpoints.
One thing of importance that it demon
strates is how much less time need be
consumed in mnking the trip between
San Francisco and Los Angeles if the
railroad company would always do its
beet. It shows that The Call is not go
ing to let the matter of expense stand
In its way when its purpose is to serve
the people; it shows that the new
management of Tho fall has adopted
a policy unfior which it intends to give
the people the best possible service In
every respect, whether inside or out-
Bide the city.
Dr. M. M. Knnnon — It Is a wonderful
performance. I never heard of such a
thing before.
Mark R. Planted, editor nf the River-
Bide Enterprise — I think this is the
first time any of the San Francisco
papers have done anything of this
kind. It he-ems to me that the new-
management of The Call is now get
tine: oat a paper that, if the present
policy is maintained, will soon leave
all others behind. The running of a
special train to Los Angeles is a groat
piece of en'trprise. It is in line with
my idea of journalism.
J. Fred Schmeispr. recording secre
tary of the Council of Labor — I think
it a groat stroke of enterprise on the
pnrt of The Call. This departure will
be certain to attract the attention of
the people generally to The Call, and
will show that its enterprise will not
fellow anything to stand in the way of
serving the people.
Milo M. Potter, proprietor of the
Hotel Van Nuys— The Call deserves the
highest compliments for undertaking
and carrying out such an innovation.
It shows what can be done by people
of energy and enterprise. It is won
derful thai a paper can be published
500 miles i>way from here and be here
on the same day it is published. If
The Call keeps up this kind of enter
prise, the result will be that it will set
a pace for Its competitors that will
make them hustle. To my surprise
many of the Eastern people who are
stopping here remarked about The
Call's feat and paid it many compli
ments. Usually they take little or
no notice of California papers pub
lished outside of Los Angeles.
Charles H. O'Neill, secretary of the
Silver Republican Clvb — "When the
Sunday Call came to tne headquarters
of our club this afternoon, a number of
the members were present, and the
enterprise of The Call was the subject
of much favorable comment. Surprise
was expressed that the paper could be
brought down here in less than half a
day. Such a thing was never before
known. This shows The Call to be
the most enterprising newspaper in
San Francisco to-day.
HONORING THE MEMORY
OF MONTEREY PIONEERS.
Movement Started for the Erection of a
Monument to the Old Town's First
Settlers.
MONTEREY, Jan. 23.— A movement to
fittingly honor the memory of departed
California pioneers has been started
among the Monterey pioneers, having
boon suggested by the Golden Jubilee
about to open in San Francisco. Some
of the men foremost in the making of
California's history are, or were, resi
dents of Monterey, and the townspeople
now feel that in neglecting proper honors
to those who are dead they have omitted
a duty the performance of which would
have done the town great credit. The
plans on which the new idea is to be car
ried out are not yet formulated and no
definite organization haa been expected,
but already the talk has had substantial
results, and the grave of Pioneer "Jack"
Swan, th. most recently deceased of the
Monterey bund, has been honored with a
neat heacst..i ....
John A. Swan, or "Juan Choppo," as
Spanish people nicknamed him be
of his diminutive stature, came to
Monterey in im:s, and so was one of the
earliest pioneers. Being a native of Eng
land and a British subject, he took no
active part in the forming of California
Statehood, but when she became a State
he became a naturalized American citi
xen Hnd was always thereafter an active
and patriotic member of the new com
monwealth. Not having grown wealthy
with the State's growth, as so many Cali
fornia ptonecn have done he. In his last
days, became dependent on the State for
support, and. weakened in mind and body,
died at the county hospital on January
6, 189fi. at the ape of 79 years. All the
old residents of the county knew "Jack"
Swan.
Francis Doud Sr.. a pioneer of the early
Ms, and James n. Bntvely, both of whom
are amoner Monterey's most prominent
ftizer.s. have borne the expense of fenc
ing and otherwise improving the plat of
ground that surrounds the grave of Swan,
and have also, in connection with one or
two others, erected the headstone which
N'-ars the name, age, etc., of the dead
pioneer.
Tt Is believed that a permanent mem
orial organization will soon be effected,
with the surviving pioneers at its head.
BUSINESS MEN WILL MEET
TO DISCUSS FINANCE.
Monetary Commission's Report to Be In-
dorsed at the Indianapolis Con
vention.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— Private ad
vices which reach here from Indianapolis
are to the effect that the business men's
convention which will be held in that city
Tuesday and Wednesday next will be
more largely attended than was the first
<-nr.v< ntion of a y.'ur ago. The purpose
of the convention is to indorse the report
of the Monetary Commission, which pro
vlil.ri a comprehensive plan for a reform
of tho currency. Delegates to the number
Of :■'■*" have announced their intention of
being present, and it is expected that the
actual number will be greater. A number
■>f Southern and Western States will be
represented. These circumstances are re
garded ;is significant and as showing the
Wide interest in the movement.
Gorernor Mount of Indiana will deliver
the addreßs of welcome. The permanent
chairman of the convention will be Gov
ernor Shaw of lowa, whose recent in
augural mHress showed him lo be in
strong sympathy with the work of cur
rency reform. C. Stuart Patterson,
the president of ihe Vnion I^euKue of
Philadi-ljil-i.i ;ind one of the eleven mem
bers of the Monetary < 'ommlss'on. will
present the report to the convention and
explain the circumstances connected with
its preparation. The principal address at
the first . ays mt'fting will be delivered
by Charles FaircWld of New York, who
was Secretary of the Treasury under the
first Cleveland administration.
In the ■ \ tnlng the delegates will be en
tertained at a reception to be given by
the local <-'.mmercial bodies. Among the
well-known men who will address the
conrention and urge the Importance of
ctlve propaganda are William E.
Dodge of New York, Charles G. Holmes
of Haltimore. John C. Hullitt of Phlla
delphla. Augustus F. Wilson of Louis
villt•, Jacob I* Green of Hartford, ex-
Qovernor Stannard of Missouri and John
W. Pries of North Carolina,
FRANCE WILL FOLLOW
THE LEAD OF GERMANY.
Territory to Be Seized in Settlement of
Claims for the Murder of Mis
sionaries.
TAOOMA, Jnn. 23.— Late Japanese pn
pers state that as soon as China has set
tled with Germany for the murder of Ger
man missionaries, France is going to cle
mand settlement of a similar claim. The
Hiogo News yays that In October a
Preach priest and two followers fell vic
tims to the fanaticism of a Chinese mob
and were murdered. This occurred In
Southern China, not far from France's
Tonquin possessions. France has made a
il.mar.il for compensation and reparation,
ami will Instil "ii negotiat ions being com
nvnceil a.s Boon as China gets a breath
inp spell. If France takes the island of
Hainan, it is believed she will make the
murd»r of thi- priest her excuse, taking
the cue from Germany. Oriental pnpers
credit France with desiring Formosa In
caae of a general carving up of the Orient
is undertaken.
It is reported that three Russians have
received appointments In the Chinese cus
toms service at Shanghai, two at Canton
and one ea^h at Fuchau and Loochau.
Five Russian officers have arived in China
to take up their duties as military Instruc
tors.
Death of Or. Cramer.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— Dr. Cramer is'
dead. Ills parents migrated to this coun
try when he was young, and his mother
died when he was only 5 years old. He
leamo<~the printing trade. He fitted him
self for college and entered the Ohio
Wesleyan University. In 1R59 he was
licensed as a preacher by the Cincinnati
conference of the Methodist Episcopal
Church in Cincinnati. He married Miss
Mary F. Grant, a sister of General U. S.
Grant, in ISC3, and she survives him, with
one son, Jesse Grant Cramer, who is now
assistant professor of modern languages
in Lehigh University.
Auburn's Oldest Pioneer.
AUBURN, Jan. 23.— Auburn may boast
that she has as one of her citizens one
of the oldest pioneers now living. George
Bryan came to California as a soldier in
1846. Karly in IM'j he settled In Pacer
County, and has been a resident there
em since. Although in his seventy-fif*h
year. Mr. Bryan is hale and hearty. Like
nearly all early settlers, he Is a bacheJor.
>{■ expects to lie present in San Francisco
during Jubilee week.
Snow Falls at Fresno.
FRESNO. Jan. 23.— For the first time in
many years snow fell in Fresno this af
ternoon. The flakes fell for only a few
minutes, and while the streets were white
th>- priTlpitatiim was not enough to per
mit of snowballing. There was almost a
blizzard here all day, and the peculiar
weather is the subject of much talk
among the old-timers.
May End the Strike.
LONDON*, Jan. 23.— The executive com
mltt*<» of the London engineers has is
sued a circular advising the men to ac
cept the employers' terms. A ballot of
the men hr.s been fixed for Tuesday next,
and it is probable that work will be re
sumed on the following Monday.
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drugpists re u rid the money If It fails to cure.
20c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
SEND GOOD
WISHES FOR
CALIFORNIA
Prominent Men Who
Speak of Great
Prosperity.
Hope for Success in the
Golden State's Next
Fifty Years.
C. P. Huntington Says the Peo
ple Must Change if They
Expect Improvement.
J. B. HAGGIN IS HOPEFUL
D. O. Mills, Richard P. Bland, Charles
Warren Stoddard and Mrs. Fre
mont on the Jubilee.
Bp«ctal Dlspati-h to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— T0 the
Editor of the San Francisco
Call: I hope that during the
next half century the Golden
State will be attended with the
great prosperity that has been
witnessed during the past fifty
years. There is not the least
bit of doubt in my mind but that
it will be. I hope that the com
ing generation will be as vigor
ous in the next fifty years as
those of the past half century.
The proposed rush to Klondike
reminds me of the rush to the
gold fields of California, except
that we had much more to rush
for in those days. And then we
had climate, productive soil and
the prospect of permanent
homes. Seekers of gold in the
far North will get what they
can as quickly as they can and
then hurry away. It was nqt
so in the "days of '49." Califor
nia proved attractive and of the
thousands who came many re
mained. California's future is
bright. It all depends upon her
people and they are certainly
going to take the best of care of
tlveir great State.
J. B. HAGGIN.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— T0 the Editor
of the San Francisco Call: As a very
early resident of California, watching
and participating in Its development, I
am glad to see the real pioneer times
commemorated and honored. Too much
credit cannot be given to the builders
of such a State. My unbounded faith
in its future has never slackened from
the time of first stepping on the shores
of that glorious larid early in the year
of 1R49. California is indeed a great
State, and it will assort its superiority
In climate and products. All it seems
to need Is the refinement that time is
sure to give it. D. O. MILLS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.— Tn the BMHtor
of the San Francisco Call: I want
to see California succeed. That big
State out there in the far West pos
sesses everything to make her future
a great one , but there must be a
change in the people. Although lam
living here, my thoughts are of Cali
fornia, which, if her people had been
more energetic in the past thirty years,
would to-day have a population of
three million. The people must change,
I reiterate, if they expect any great
improvement in the State. Not a
change for the day, but a continuing
work — all working for the interests of
the State rather than for themselves
and against others. They should or
ganize and pull together and much
good will result.
C. P. RTNTINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— T0 the Ed
itor of the San Francisco Call: I send
congratulations and best wishes to the
people of California In their celebration
commemorating the fiftieth anniver
sary of the discovery' of gold there.
California Is one of the greatest States
In the Union. It possesses many re
sources of wealth and Its climate Is
unsurpassable. Its gold and other
mining interests I believe inexhausti
ble. Its fruit and agricultural Inter
ests are surpassed by none. Some of
the most pleasant days of my life were
spent there among Its hospitable peo
ple whose belief is one that the rest of
this great nation should follow: "Live
and let others live." San Francisco
Is a great city and the recent discov
eries In Alaska will only tend to make
its future brighter.
RICHARD P. BLAND.
[Mr. Bland spent ten years in Cali
fornia from '55 to '65; taught school at
Orleans Flat and Snow Point, Nevada
County: worked in the mines at those
places and at Virginia City, Nevada.]
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— T0 the Ed
itor of the San Francisco Call: I
heartily congratulate the good people
of California in their commemoration
of the discoveries that fifty years ago
astounded the world, but I glory in
the thought that California is now
producing many things infinitely bet
ter than gold.
CHARLES WARREN STODDARD.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— Miss Jes
sie Benton Fremont is indisposed, but
she sends her congratulations and ex
pressions of good will to the people of
California upon the fiftieth anniver
sary of the discovery of the yellow
metal on the Pacific Coast. She re
grets her inability to accept the kind
invitation of the San Francisco Jubilee
committee to participate in their cele
bration of the event as their guest.
BARON REILLE OF FRANCE
CLAIMED BY DEATH.
Was One of the Deputies Who Cast Their
Ballots for War With
Prussia.
PARIS, jau. 23.— Baron Rene Charles
Francois Rellle. member of the Cham
ber of Deputies for Castres, is dead.
Baron Reille was the son of Marechal de
Comte Reille. one of the most celebrated
soldiers of the first empire, lie was born
in Paris, February 12. IST.. Tic cast his
ballot in the Chamber for the war witn
Prussia in 1870. and took an important
part in the dof< us.- of Paris. In I s " ha
was appointed Under-Seen tary <>f State.
In the Chamber he always took a promi
nent part in the discussion on military
questions, which he was able to dlscuaa
with exceptional competency.
SAILS WITH ARGONAUTS
BOUND KLONDIKEWARD.
Steamship Portland Starts for Alaska With
Four Hundred and Fifty Pas
sengers.
PORTLAND, Ore., Jan. 23.— The steamer
Oregon sailed for Alaska to-night with
450 passengers and 250 tons of general
merchandise and bag-gage. Fifty head
of live stock was also part of the cargo.
All day long thousands of people swarmed
about the steamer's dock and so grt';it
was the crush to-night that ten police
men were detailed to handle the crowd.
No less than 300 people who applied for
passage were refused, and many hundred
tons of freight is lying on the dock await
ing transportation to the gold fields.
The rush to the Yukon from every port
in the Northwest has begun earlier than
was anticipated by the transportation
companies, and every steamer that leaves
is compelled to refuse both passengers
and freight. The demand for lumber in
Alaska is enormous, but steamship com
panies refuse to carry it, preferring to
take less bulky freight, leaving the lum
ber for sailing vessels.
SEATTLE. Jan. 23.— The steamer Ex
celsior, aftor a rough trip, arrived here
to-day from San Francisco, on her way
to Skaguay. Dyea and Copper River,
Alaska. From here she will take about
lfiO passengers. The steam schooner
Noyo sailed for Alaska to-night carrying
180 passengers and 175 tons of freight.
Among the passengers were twenty-five
women.
COMMISSIONER SMITH OF
SKAGUAY TO BE ARRESTED.
Five Charges of Wrongdoing in Office Filed
Against a United States
Official.
TACOMA, Jan. 23.— The steamer Seattle
brought news that a warrant is out for
the arrest of United States Commissioner
John U. Smith of Skaguay on five
charges. These are reported to be solic
iting a bribe, receiving a bribe, felony,
malfeasance and misfeasance in office.
Dr. Hornsby, a member of the Skaguay
Council, has filed three affidavits, cover
ing these charges, with Judge Johnson of
the United States District Court. The
affidavits are sworn to by Skaguay busi
ness men. The names of the prosecutors
and the details of the charges had not
been made public when the Seattle left
Skaguay.
Before filing the charges Dr. Ilornsby
told Smith what he intended to do. Smith
thought the charges should be first in
vestigated by a committee of citizens, but
Hornsby believed such a course would
not be legal, and with public feeling so
much against him. Smith could not hope
for an impartial hearing.
Reports of the commissioner's alleged
illegal actions have been received here
from time to time. It is believed by pas
sengers on the steamer who are familiar
\ with the situation that a thorough inves
, tigation will now be had. Last fall Smith
was charged with illegally demanding
! fees for registering town lots. An exam
i iner from the Department of Justice went
to Skaguay to investigate. He believed
Smith had no Intention of wrongdoing,
and no action was taken.
TWO MEN MEET DEATH
IN ANTI-JEWISH RIOTS.
Mob in Algiers Drives Merchants Into the
Streets and Wrecks Build
ings.
ALGIERS. Jan 23.— Anti-Jewish riots
■were renewed here to-da.y. The mob in
vaded the Jewish quarter and pillaged the
shops In the Rue Babazoua, driving the
Jewish merchants outinto the streets. A
squadron of chasseurs was ordered to the
sVene and charged the mob with drawn
sworris, but the mob re-formed further on
cheering for the army.
Revolvers and daggers were freely used.
One man who was stabbed in the back
and shot in the head, died on the spot,
and many WGTt seriously wounded, one,
named Cayol, dying from his wounds at
4 o'clock this afternoon. The crowd hear
ing of this became dangerously excited,
shoutlnc :
"They're murdering us. Death to the
Jews!"
The mob then resumed its pillaging.
The fronts of six shops were destroyed.
The police repeatedly charged the rioters,
but were stubbornly resisted and were
powerless to restore order until the troops
arrived. Several policemen were severely
maltreated. Many arrests for theft have
been made. The Jewish authorities rec
ommend their co-religionists to remain in
doors. Both the men killed in the riots
were Christians, and their companions
have sworn to avenge them. It is feared
there will be further riots
Standing By the Valley Road.
VISALIA, Jan. 23.— 1n the week just
closed J. R. Robinson, a stock-dealer of
this place, shipped 650 fat hogs to San
Francisco, five carloads in all. They all
went over the Valley Road, and he says
all his stock goes that way hereafter,
now that the Valley Road people have
their stock corrals ready for use. This is
only one instance out of many that show
how the farmers and stockmen are stand
ing by the Valley Road by giving it their
patronage.
The Monterey at San Diego.
SAN DIEGO, Jan. 23.— The Monterey
came into port this afternoon from Mag
dalena Bay. She had a rough passage
up the coast. She will probably remain
here for several weeks. The Monadnock
is already here.
Herz Enjoys a Drive.
LONDON, Jan. 23.— Cornelius Herz, of
Panama canal notoriety, was permitted
to take a short drive yesterday — the first
time he has left his house at Bourne
mouth in five years.
NEW TO-DAY. . ...
I Don't Be a Weak Man. 1
Don let your past errors wreck the happiness of your life You can --"
E= Lb6 a C U ed " ° Ver 10 ' 000 BUch men a3 you have been cured during the paS '-2
| DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT. |j
El  T ? is is } h J* only sure . Permanent way to regain vigor It has tak^n
,fc the place of drugs,^ which never cure. Electricity is life and restores =2
51 life to men who have lost it. Send for the book. ■ •":>-" iestcrres -^»
£ "Three Classes of Men," Free, 2
it= Or ll at the office and test the Belt free of charge It means h M i*>,
35- and happiness to you. "■ -. 8 ll mean s health ;^
I sanden eectric co.; 3 :sr l v
COURSING AT
LOS ANGELES
General Wins the Run-
Off m the Postponed
Finals.
First Ties Decided in a Stake
With Sixty-Four Hounds
Contesting.
Large Crowd Witnesses the. Sport,
Which Continues Through
out the Day.
Special Dispatch to Tha Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 23.— At Agri
cultural Park to-day there was a large
attendance. The grand stand pre
sented a gay appearance, many ladies
being present and there was a large
crowd on the grounds. It was an all
day programme, coursing beginning at
9:30 a. m.. when the ties and finals
which were postponed from last Sun
day were run off. General won first
money, Tiger second and Beauty third.
It was a $200 purse to-day and a
sixty-four-dog race, only the first run
offs taking place. The winners were:
Juliet beat Caesar. Our Sid beat Mose,
Juanita beat Widow Lane, Hardy beat
Stepabout a bye; Queen Bee being dis
qualified Flora beat Rowdy a bye; ■
Lady Lillian beat Whittier Bob, Rialta
beat Quaker Maid a bye; Cyclone beat
Fiesta Queen, Frisco beat Black Beau
ty, Flying Jib beat Lady Grace, Tiger
beat Maid of Erin, Beauty beat Morn
ing Star, Captain Kidd beat Los An
geleas, Lonvike beat Ponto, Sailor Girl
beat Humboldt, Gypsy beat Trilby,
Poker Davis beat Corelia, Rag Baby
beat "Widow Lane a bye; White Chief
beat Jack 11, Hetty Green beat Mer
maid, General beat Salvato, Monday
Noon beat Paloma (formerly Linnie
Lightning). After a tie Sailor Boy beat
Buck Massie, Dawning beat Little
Pearl; after a tie Girofle beat Grand
pap, Oscar beat Monday Morning, a
bye; Crow beat Emerald, Queen A beat
Harry E, Romeo beat Palo Alto a bye;
Fannie C II beat California Slugger.
The ties and finals will be run off to
morrow and there will be continued
racing throughout the day.
PROFESSIONALS ADMITTED TO
THE CENTURY ROAD CLUB.
Given Entry to the Organization by a
Vote of Sixty-Four to
Five.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23.— The Century Road
Club of America has extended the hand of
fellowship to professionals. The vote,
which was by the national board, com
posed of State chairmen of committees,
was completed on the 18th, and the exec
utive committee of the organization met
at the Great Northern Hotel to-day and
counted the vote. It was found that out
of a total vote of 69 votes cast 64 were in
favor of the amendment. The character
of the vote was in the nature of a sur
prise, as every one of the national officers
entitled to a vote was found to be
against the measure. J. A. Pallister.
State centurion of lowa, also voted
against the measure. Only four States
were missing, as follows: Louisiana,
Rhode Island, California and Oregon. "No
vote was received from Mexico.
For the purpose of competition, profes
sionals will be placed by the executive^
committee in a separate class. %
•> • •■ :':;--'!
BAKERSFIELD FIELD TRIALS.
BAKERSFIEL.D, Jan. 23.— T0-morrow
the annual field trials will begin here.
The town is already filling up with sport
ing men. Some of the best kennels in the
country are represented, and many new
dogs recently from the East having been
entered. Verona kennel of fourteen dogs,
the property of Mrs. Hearst, attracts
much attention, as does the string of
Guist of Portland, Or. The drawing for
Derby tickets will take place to-morrow
morning, and some work in the field will
be done. The sport is likely to last all
the week. Birds are unusually plentiful
this year, and several good fields have
been well guarded to preserve them for
this occasion.
Monterey's Wing-Shooting Club.
MONTEREY, Jan. 23.— The Monterey
Wing Shooting Club, the association that
won so many laurels during the 1897 Stato
shooting season has just completed its
organization for IS9B, and has mapped out
its programme for the coming season
The officers of the club elected for this
year are: E. Ingram, president: Charles
Carr, vice-president: Charles R. Few, sec
retary and treasurer. Charles Carr, who
won the greatest number of points of any
single marksman in last year's State
tournaments, was chosen captain of the
club shooting team for this year. Messrs.
Carr, Few and "William Varien were ap
pointed delegates to represent the Mon
terey club in the board of governors of
the "California Inanimate Target Associa
tion.
Tariff on Cereals Reduced.
ROME, Jan. 23.— King Humbert haa
signed a decree reducing the customs tar
iff on cereals from 7% to 5 lire until April
30. It will go into operation on Tuesday
next.SPURNED AS
TRAITOR TO
ITS PARTY
Los Angeles Herald
Read Out of the
Ranks.
Rebuked by the Demo
cratic City Central
Committee.
The Call Commended for Its
Expose of Water Company
Corruptionists.
PEOPLE WIN A VICTORY.
Editor Spalding Vainly Pleads to
Save His Hireling Journal From
Chastisement
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 23.— Another
signal battle in the war for complete
ownership of the water works of the
people, by the people and for the peo
ple has been fought and won. Incident
ally the forces of those Judas sheets, the
Times. Herald and Express, composing
the syndicated press of Los Angeles,
were ignobly routed and driven in con
fusion from the field.
One of these misconceptions of jour
nalism made a desperate and pitiful
attempt to obtain a truce before the
battle opened. Managing Editor Spald
ing of the Herald, fearing his position
and salary were in jeopardy, cried
"Peecavi." By means of two special
peace commissioners he sought to
withdraw his water-logged craft from
the impending conflict. He agreed to
metaphorically spike his guns and to
hereafter cease from troubling the
brave defenders of the people's rights
and to put hi? vicious pen at rest, at
least so far as the water question was
concert
Editor Spa'ding'rf misgivings proved
to be well founded. His treach
erous, venal and mendacious jour
nal was in substance read out of
the Democratic party, which it has
been seeking to betray, and hand over
to the paper's owners, the Los Angeles
City Water Company. At the same
time those whom the Herald has been
denouncing and abusing, including the
San Francisco Call, were commended
for their position and course in seek
ing to prevent the people of Los An
from being mulcted of nearly two
million dollars.
Th.- field of battle was the Southern |
•nia Musk Hall in the P.radbury
building, where the Democratic City
".ittee met on Saturday night to
consider the all-absorbing water ques
tion.
What Little opposition there was to
the general sentiment of the members
of the commits ed by John W.
Mitchell, who la neither a member of
the Democratic City Committee, nor a
resident of the city of Los Angeles.
He dis;,!:. urajre that would
have been sublime had it not, under
the circumstances, been ridiculous.
This veteran and valliant defender of
monopolies, true to his principles and
in consonance with his apparently in
nate principles, with o» proxy in his
hand, sophistry on his tongue, hatred,
malice and treachery in his heart,
shamelessly flaunted his corporation
livery and loyalty in the face of the
people. He entered upon his task
like a raging lion seeking whom he
might devour. Ho left the hall like
a jackal who had been whipped and
driven from his prey.
As soon as Chairman Telfair Creigh
ton Issued the call for the meeting of
the Democratic City Central Commit
tee, the water company and all the
influence, individual and corporate,
that it could command was placed [q
the field with instructions to defeat
the resolution of indorsement at all
hazards and at any price. A poll of
tho committee demonstrated to the
corporation that not only would the
resolution indorsing The Call be
passed, but it also disclosed that a
two-thirds majority was In favor of
denouncing the position of the alleged
Democratic organ, the Herald, on the
•water question, and declaring to the
public that that paper in its course as
to municipal ownership did not voice
the sentiments of the people, and.
more particularly, of the Democratic
party of Los Angeles.
This threw the water company into a
state of alarm and the editor of its
mouthpiece, the Herald, realized fully
the position he was about to be placed
in for his treachery to the people.
Editor Spalding dispatched a special
peace embassy to Messrs. Snyder, Grl
der and others, asking them to oppose
the proposition to, by resolution, de
nounce the Herald and Indorse The
call, in consideration of this favor
.Editor Spalding agreed to humiliate
If and to grovel in tho very dust
at th>- feet of the men whom, as public
servants, he has denounced time with
out number for their course on the
writer question. He was willing to
promise that he would not again assail
them for the stand they had taken for
the people, and that in the future he
would not offend.
Mr. Grtder s;tid tn the Herald special
pleaders that if Editor Spalding would
appear before the whole Democratic
city committee and admit that all that
the Herald had said in denunciation of
the efforts of Mayor Snyder, Council
man Hutchison and himself to procure
municipal ownership for the people in
accordance, with the pledge contained
in the Democratic city platform was
false and untrue, and that it would not
be again misstated by the. Herald, he
then would ask his friends not to con
demn the Herald.
The peace commissioners could not
agree to the terms. Editor Spalding
was willing to make a private confes
sion, but his manhood is of that caliber
that no one who knows him could ex
pect him to stand up and make it to
the world. So the negotiations fell
through anr] a last dying effort v/as
made in the committee to carry out
"the water company's programme. It
failed utterly.
As early as 6:30 p. m. the members
of the committee, which includes over
seventy Democrats, began to gather at
the Southern California Music Hall.
At 8:15 there wore over forty members
of the committee present, and some
twenty more were represented by
proxy. Then Chairman Creighton
(ailed the meeting to order. He made a
few remarks, appealing to those pres
ent to take no action that would result
in marked discord, and he advised all
*•» be guided by due regard for the in
THE THIEVING YELLOW SHEET
BRANDED WITH ITS LATEST LIE.
The exposure in The Call on Saturday of the trick by which the Examiner
intended to pass off as its own a series of pictures which of right belonged to the
Placerville Mountain Democrat was promptly followed by the Examinerism usual in
such cases, now becoming common.
Caught in a steal the taker defended itself with a lie. It attempted to ex
plain away the offense yesterday first, by referring to the steal as "cribbing," as if
it were a trivial misdemeanor ; second, by calling the Mountain Democrat "an ob
scure little paper," implying that to steal from a little paper is a minor offense ;
and third, by declaring the pictures in question had been collected for the Examiner
and that the Examiner had consented to permit the Mountain Democrat to use some
of them on the day after the appearance of their publication in the Examiner itself.
Neither of these defenses will stand this morning. The pictures were not
obtained by semi-pardonable "cribbing," but by despicable fraud. The Moun
tain Democrat is not an obscure little paper, but a journal big enough to defend itself
and force the Examiner to lie in order to get out of a controversy with it; and finally
the statement that the Examiner owned the pictures by right of priority and enter
prise in obtaining them is exposed as a piece of mendacity as shameless as any
which has ever issued even from the notorious liars' den on Mission street.
The following letter from the Mountain Democrat sets forth all the facts and
leaves the Examiner once more branded and blackened with the burn and the stain
of its own fraud and falseness :
PLACERVILLE, Cal., Jan. 23, 1898.
Editor Call, San Francisco, Cal: To-day's Examiner, received here this
evening, denounces as false my letter, upon which The Call based its charges in
reference to the publication in that paper of matter belonging to the Mountain Dem
ocrat.
Whatever apprehensions I entertained that the Examiner may have been
wronged by The Call's expose, by reason of having been imposed upon in the
innocent purchase of pictures belonging to another paper, are now dispelled by its
own admissions.
The Examiner proceeds to explain that it purchased from Mr. A. Thurston Hey
don the right to use the Marshall pictures a month ago; that Mr. Heydon then stated
that he would like to let the Democrat's editor use a few of the pictures for a contem
plated jubilee edition, and to this the Examiner consented, on the understanding that
the Democrat jubilee paper would not appear until the day after that Qf the Exami
ner. No such arrangement had been made with the knowledge or sanction of the
Democrat, although Mr. Heydon had been in the employ of that paper upon its jubi
lee edition since September last
In justice to The Call and to fortify it with facts in contemplation of Mr. Hey
don's threatened interview, I will state that Mr. Heydon was employed at his own
solicitation upon the Democrat's jubilee edition on the 20th day of September. The
terms of his employment were that he should write and illustrate the articles to ap
pear in the paper and receive therefor his traveling expenses and a s:ated percentage
of all business obtained by him. Mr. Heydon's expenses paid by the Democrat in
clude the camera plates used by him.
In pursuance of his employment he delivered all the Marshall photos printed
in the Examiner to the Democrat on October 26" h, and the paper at its own expense
procured the half-tone cuts thereof on November 22. The same is true of the picture
of Marshall lying dead in his cabin, except that the cut of it was received Decem
ber 21.
Not until the Examiner had used the telephone to call down Mr. Heydon on
the day of The Call's expose did that gentleman ever acknowledge or intimate to any
one connected with the Democrat that he was responsible for the purloining of the
Marshall pictures. Then, when upbraided in the office of the Democrat for peddling
out pictures previously sold to that paper, he repeatedly and emphatically denied
any knowledge that the Examiner was to come out with those pictures on the day
preceding the Democrat, thereby branding himself or the Examiner or both as liars.
terests of the people and the party in
all that they did.
As soon as the roll had been called
Committeeman Reese offered the fol
lowing resolution:
Beaolved, That the Democratic City
Central Committee of Los Angeles city.
sympathizing with the people <>f Los An
geles <lty in their efforts to have tne.
municipality of Los Angeles own and con
trol its water supply, congratulate the
people of said city upon the course of The
San Francisco Call and Los Angeles Rec
ord in taking up the cause of the people
in their contest with corporate monopoly
and city officials false to their pledged.
Resolved, further. That we condemn the
course of the Los Angeles Times, Herald
and Express in espousing the cause of the
water com par y and opposing the inter
ests of the people The Los Angeles Her
ald is no longer a Democratic paper. Its
editor la :i Republican, and the paper,
controlled by plutocrats for the benefit of
a trio of grasping monopolies, is no long
er entitled to the support or patronage of
any Democrat.
To this resolution Daniel Neuhart
offered as a substitute a resolution
which simply commended the course of
Messrs. Snyder.Grider.Hutchinson and
Dockweller on the water question. Then
several amendments were offered and
points of order made. As the commit
tee was getting into a tangle Earl Rog
ers moved that the substitute be laid
upon the table. The motion prevailed.
Then Mr. Rogers moved that the
chair appoint a committee of five to
draw appropriate resolutions on the
subject and report back to the commit
tee within fifteen minutes. The motion
was adopted and Chairman Creighton
designated the following committee:
Karl Rogers. Daniel Neuhirt. George
YV. Retzer, if. W. Conkling and A. W.
Fisher. The committee withdrew and
a recess of fifteen minutes was de
clared.
Finally the committee was again
'ailed to order and the special com
mittee, through Mr. Rogers, reported
the following resolutions signed by
every member of the committee save
Daniel Neuhart:
Resolved, That we. the Democratic City
Central Committee, hereby do indorse the
coarse of Mayor Snyder In carrying:
out the sentiments and pledges of the
Democratic i>];itfi>rm upon the subject o?
the ownership of the water and water
systems by the city of Los Angeles; and,
further, we indorse and commend the ac
tions of all city officials who have suport
ed and Bided him In his endeavors to re
deem the pledges of our party.
Wo further commend and acknowledge
ourselves Indebted to all newspapers,
whether published here or elsewhere,
which are endeavoring to aid us in our
light to defeat attempts to obtain unfair
and inequitable settlement of pending
We condemn the course of all individ
uals and newspapers, whether claiming to
be Democratic or not. who are opposed to
the wishes and rights of the people In
this Kreat matter.
As soon as the resolutions had been
read Mr. Neuhart made a minority re
port for the "special committee, which
simply excluded the last two para
graphs of the report of the majority.
He moved its adoption.
Then arose John W. Mitchell from
the rear of the hall. Attorney Foley
made the point that Mitchell did not
reside in the city, and that it was ill
timed and impudent of Mitchell to
take up the time of the committee when
his advice had neither been asked for
nor solicited. M. W. Conkling moved
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXUAEY 24, 1898.
that Mitchell be heard on behalf of the
Herald. Mitchell then made a school
boy talk for the Neuhart minority re
port.
The effect of Mitchell's speech was
apparent when the vote on the report
was taken. It was overwhelmingly de
feated. Then the resolutions reported
by the committee were adopted.
Committeeman O'Brien, obtaining the
eye of the chairman, was recognized,
and offered the following resolution:
\\ - an- in the midst of a tight here on
the municipal ownership of a water plant,
and we cannot, as Democrats, overlook
assistance, no matter from what source
it may come. Therefore, as Democrats
assembled, we do take occasion to thank
The San Francisco Call and the Evening
Record of this city for the able assistance
they have rendered In the water light.
Seconds came from all parts of the
hall. The chairman put the resolution
to a vote and it was adopted with loud
acclaim.
Then followed a scene which is sel
dom witnessed in a city committee
meeting. Members cheered and ap
plauded and spectators Joined in. There
was shaking of hands and congratula
tions, and upon all sides were expres
sions of satisfaction heard. The water
company had been most emphatically
turned down in its efforts to manipu
late the committee.
BATTLES WITH
TWO FOOTPADS
San Jose Wheelman Con
quered After a Terrific
Struggle.
Beaten, Robbed and Left Lying Beside
the Road With His Bicycle
Upon Him.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSK. Jan. 23.— Thomas F. Thur
her, a bicycle-repairer, in the employ of
Desimone & Co. of San Fernando street,
was held up and beaten by two footpads
on William street, near the Coyote Creek,
at 9 o'clock last night and left lying un
conscious at the side of the street. Thur
ber was returning on his wheel from Kast
San Jose, and had Just crossed the bridge
when a man sprang upon him suddenly
from a place of concealment.
The highwayman seized Thurber's han
dle-bars with one hand and with the
other placed a revolver to his head, with
the command to hold up his hands.
Thurber was thrown from his wheel, but
in falling he grabbed the robber's hand
and wrenched It. causing him to drop his
revolver. Being a muscular young fellow.
Thurber grasped the man about the
throat, and a terrific struggle ensued.
He soon had the highwayman flat on his
back and nearly choked to unconscious
ness, when a confederate of the man
sneaked up behind and commenced beat
ing him over the head with a club.
Thurber attempted to rise to defend
himself against the second man, but be
fore he could get on his feet he received
a whack that rendered him unconscious.
PRENTiSS CARPENTER.
The robben then searched his nocKets
relieving him of a rold-fllled watch
valued at $20 and $4 BO in cash The m, ii
earrie.i Thurber to the side of tl • m n . r
and threw his Wcvcle upon him He dfd
not recover consciousness until :. o'clock
this morning;— ov.r seven h.. !lr s after he
was assaulted. He was benumbed from
the cold and sore. am. It was with diffi
cu ty that he made his way home The
police were notified, but no dew to the
men was obtained.
EACH HELD A "FULL."
MARYSVILL.E, Jan. 23.— The recent In
| cident aboard an ocean steamship when
! five poker players each held a full hand
simultaneously, met a parallel in this city
on Friday evening, during the progress
or a quiet game between prominent citi
zens who are ready to swear to the facts
The deal was made from a new deck
which had been shuffled four or five
times, and the hands were the result of
the first distribution of the pasteboards
no one calling for cards. The following
were the hands on WhlCh the players
staked their all: * 3
First man. seven full on deuce*- sec
ond man. six full on deuces: third' man
, live full on tens: fourth man. four ful
on nines; fifth man, tray full on eights.
NEW TO-DAY.
Bg Mackinaw Clothing, g
B Extra Heavy Sweaters, M
Hjj| The best in the world to re- &R
I slst cold, wear and hard usage. «5
||Ighlg3 Sansorne ;
Railway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises.
Sore Muscles. Cramps, Burns, Sunburns. Back-
ache. Headache, Toothache, Khi-uir.atl Neu- i
lalgrta. Lumbago. Internally for all Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea. . • Dysentery,- Cholera i
Mi.rbuj and Sickness. Nausea, . etc. - All drug-
Klsts.^BSM j
.* NEW TO-DAY.
118481 1848 1898
I CALIFORNIA'S
5 GOLDEN
j JUBILEE!
;. Headquarters Grand Marshal,
| Palace Hotel,
•#• # BAM FRAHCMOtX Jan. 23. 1898.
o* The following announcements are made for
* ? the guidance of all participants in the celebra-
gj tion and the public generally:
.• GENERAL ORDERS.
cf 1. Aids to the Grand Marshal will report.
•■ mounted, at 9 o'clock a. m. to the chief aid,
g» Colonel John A. Koster. at the Palace Hotel,
New Montgomery street entrance.
•5 2. All organizations must be in their as-
2? signed positions at 9:30 a. m.. ready to move.
All those who fall to be In line when the pa-
• mile starts will be assigned to the rear of the
<-• last divistoß.
*° 3. Division marshals nnd their aids will see
g» that the societies belonging to their divisions
ar» escorted to their proper positions and are
*? promptly formed.
c» <• The signal to advance will be given by
** bugle and day rockets at 1^:30 a. m. snarp and
gg will be promptly obeyed by each division In its
j turn, and all will march in nut less than col-
85 umns of four.
am 5. The distance between divisions will be six
*° ynrdi. Division marshals are particularly re-
5» quested to maintain that distance.
6. Display movements which have a tendency
8S i to retard the progress of the column are strict-
er '>' prohibited.
•o i 7. All organizations must avoid Market
ot ' street below Montgomery while en route to the
point of formation and under no circumstances
SJ pass either up or down Market street between
o. Montgomery street and the ferries, and must
*o approach the place in which they form at least
o» two blocks from the rear. This does not apply
to the military organizations comprising the
.• -t division.
o« i 8. The headquarters of the Grand Marshal
*° during the formation of the divisions will be
i* at the Junction of Market, Battery and Bush
# streets.
•° ?. All carriages will occupy the special
J« places designated for them, and wll! not be
„ allowed between the divisions. Where there
*J are two or more carriages they will march two
• .ifireast.
10. No business or personal advertising will
be permitted In the parade, and all marshals
and aids are directed to cause the removal from
their divisions of all persons who violate this
rule.
ROUTE OF THE PROCESSION.
The line of march will be up Market street to
Montgomery, down Montgomery to Montgomery
avenue, up Montgomery avenue to Kearny,
along Kearny to Market, out Market to Van
Ness avenue, up Van Ness avenue to Jackson,
then countermarch on Van Ness avenue to
Golden Gate o venue.
A review will be held by the Governor and
the Grand Marshal at Golden Gate avenue and
Van Ness avenue, after which the parade will
be dismissed.
FORMATION OF DIVISIONS.
I 1. The Police Escort— On Sansome street,
right resting on Market.
2. First Division— On north side of Market
■ street, right resting on Sansome.
3. Second Division— Steuart street, right
resting on Market.
4. Third Division— Spear street, right
resting on Market.
5. Fourth Division— On Main street, right
resting on Market.
6. Fifth Division— On Drumm street, right
resting on Market.
7. Sixth Division— On Beale street, right
resting on Market.
| 8. Seventh -Division— Davis street, right
I resting on Market.
j '•. Eighth Division— On Fremont street, right
| resting on Market.
10. Ninth Division— Front street, right
resting on Market.
11. Tenth Division— On First street, right
resting on Market.
12. Eleventh Division— Battery street,
i right resting on Market.
13. Twelfth Division— On Battery street,
In rear of Eleventh division.
14. Thirteenth Division— On Second street,
right resting on Market.
15. Fourteenth Division— On Second street. In
rear of Thirteenth division.
16. Fifteenth Division — On Second street. in
1 rear of Fourteenth division.
REGALIA of OFFICERS.
Grand Marshal — Gold silk scarf, black slouch
i hat. white horse trappings.
Chief of Staff— Red, white and blue silk
1 scarf, black slouch hat. white saddle cloth.
Chief Aid— Red silk sash. black slouch hat,
blue saddle cloth.
Special Aids— White silk sash, black slouch
hat. white saddle cloth.
| Division and Section Marshals— Broad yellow
■ silk sash, white sombreros and white saddle
1 cloths.
Aids to Grand Marshal, Division Marshal*
! and Section Marshals — Narrow yellow sash and
white sombreros and white saddle cloths. All
aids Will weir white lisle-thread gloves and
dark coat and trousers. The sash will be worn
from the right shoulder to the left side.
ORDER OF PROCESSION.
i Bennett's band. Platoon of mounted police.
T. W. Leca, Chief of Police. Park band. Grand
Marshal, Dr. John F. Morse: chief of staff.
Colonel James F. Smith: chief aid. Colonel
! John Koster; special aid to Grand Marshal,
j Clarence R. Walter.
STATE AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAL.
Hon. Jackson Dennis. Varney W. Gasktll.
Amador; Hon. John Bokrs. D. H. ArnoM. Oo-
]u>n . T. A. M< Mahon, F. L. Gl.oss, Contra
Costa; Jolm McMullin. Fulton O. Berry, Fres-
IK>; Lieutenant T. H. Cbope, Humholilt County:
>;-.rK-» N. McDow, N V. Wemple. Lassen:
<"hiirl«-.'< A. LaufT. Thomas H. Estey. Mai in.
iiiHsi. D. B. Dorn, Madera: Cantain p*.
\v. Hush. Niels H. Wulff Jr.. Napa; Pranß
Mathifson. Lieutenant E. A. Middleton. A. N.
Jodd, R. P. tjuinn. Santa Cruz; L. A. Black-
n::in. I-eul« R. Kirl>y. San Diego; J. Oscar
Jones, Frank R. Weh". Sierra: F. E. L:m<»,
W. M. Nutter. San Joaquin; I). F. Mahtiney. S.
I>. l^alli'U. Snn Luis Oblspo; F. C Stanfora,
Pr D. F. McOraw, Santa Clara: Dr. C. L.
Hnrd Hon. Thomas A. Rice. Ventura; R. >r.
Brown M. C K.'pfe, Yolo: E. A. Forl.es. Wil-
liam Enslunil. Yuba; J. H. Shine, F. W. Wll-
mans, Tuolumne.
AIDS TO GRAND MARSHAL.
RC M. Armlstead. J. W. Ahearn. Hon. J.
rry. H. \V. Brandstein. \V. H. Hyington.
Boru, J. J. Barrett. John Burns, <". H.
c It. Buttle. D. B. Bowley. William O.
r. \.. L. Battles, E. S. Battles, 1., Chal-
Dr W. P. Chalmers. Dr. B. F. ("lark. M.
ppman. H. L. Clark. John Curtis. C. F.
Curry. M. B. Casey. D. F. Crowley, J«se Cas-
tro. K. .T. ("line. R. Canilnett. A. Deoour-
tleux. Charles Derham. A. N. Dethlefson. J.
C Dunne, J. F. Donovan. R. S. Dei-kie, C. L.
Davi« C. B Drew. W. A. Deane. H. R. Do-
vnny. p. .1. Dunne. T. B. Pwvt. C. W. Dixon.
Charles N. EllinKwno<l. Geonre Kastman. Dr.
C J. FitZßibbons. S. (".. Full is. F P. Flelsch-
man. J. D. Frey, O. R. Fletcher. William
Fancy, P. Flanagan. William If. Pltxhugfa. J.
C f l( (n j c Foltta, l>r. F <;ray. John C,a-
ney, Kugene J. riauthler. K. P. <"i:it •>. W.
(Su.lehaus. Julian Gabriel, Henry rjihbs. Dr. H.
H. Hart. Walter Ilinkle. ML Hellor. .T. K.
Haake. R. Hocbstader. C. H. Hilbert, H. D.
Ha<lenfeldt. W. J. Hayes. W. D. Hnbro, Dr. W.
Riwkins. Qcorge Haaaelbach, William Clar-
Hnnrahin. J. J-. HriUl'.l.iy, M. Jockei
.«, X k j.irohs, w r. Jotmaen, F. s.
. Han. F. H. Kerriiran. Allan Knisrht. E.
A. Kfil. Hon. Julius Kahn. Dr. J. M. Kane. T.
A T.me. .T. J. L"rrn:in, H. J. Lask. Dr. T. W.
B [.•■land. Al L. l-inK<-rni.-in. R. A. I^nu^n-
steWf, Thomas I-yons. Charles Linderman.
Thomas I-anc, A. W. I^ehrke. B-^rt Morrow. Dr.
W. A. Martin. J. L. Mr-ares. C, F. Moral, T.
C Meachrr, Dr. F J. Maasoa, F. A. .Mahoney,
P. D. Mullarey. TI. J. Morton. W. C. Miller.
F. J. Muiil.y, Dr. W. J. McCarthy. Thomas
McCnrt>>\ P. McGllvary. V McHngh, A Mc-
Rle. .1. J. Mrl-aiik-hlln. T. F. McQuade. John
-nl. Charles AY. Newman. F. F.
mn, N. Nathan. B. P. Oliver, Pr A. P.
OBrion. l>r. J. W. ORourke. Dr. J. B. <> i»,. n -
nell. Joseph E. O"Donnell. R. J. O'Reilly,
Frank Peters, Dr. J. Putnam, Francis H.
Pitttr.an. Georpe H. Peters. L P. Powelson.
\rthur M. Qua.ie. Dr. T. C. Rtthers. A. C.
Ru?!>. William K:insburK<~r St., R. R. Rur^. i r.
J O Spencer. Charles Sta'Jman. R. A. Smith.
I>r F Stlrewp.lt. Dr. M. Solomon. Frank L.
Rheerln. Dr. C.eorpe F. Shields. F. P. Sher-
man Bd Sr-hnutenhaus. H. Stern. P. J. Silk,
Frank Scully. Frank T. Shen. Fr.-il Suhr Jr.,
TI A Sasrehnrn. C. R. Stillwell, A. Staude.
Thomas O. Spillane. Frank T. Shea, Oear
Tolle W. P. Taylor. A. B. TreailweM. A. de la
Torre. S. J. Thelsin. R. H. J. Tayior. .Tames P..
TvKin. Alex. G. Voitelsanc. A. R. Vaughn, F.
C. Wejcener Dr. Conrad Well. William C,.
Wella R Welsh. 1.. A. W.-rtz, Halleck Wright,
W i: Wallace. F. P. Weihe.
Signal Corps, N. «• C. Captain Phillip J. Per-
kins r.,mmandlnß.
Escort tn His Bxecthtney the (lovernor. James
H Bodd .tr.d staff. Brigadier-General An-
drew W. Barrett. Adjutant-G«neral.
FIRST DIVISION
Brigadier-General M. \Y. Muller, Third Bri-
gade and staff.
Colonel N. P. Miller, commanding U. S. troops.
Third T". B. Artillery. Lieutenant-Colonel Eld-
ward Willißton. commanding.
First U. S. Infantry. Colonel E#an Miles, com-
manding.
NEW TO-DAY.
Battalion of Light Artillery-, Major D. H. Kln-
zie, commanding.
Squadron Fourth U. S. CavalrT, Lieutenant-
Colonel T. Morris, commanding.
Second Brigade. N. G. C, Brigadier-G°neral R.
H. Warfield. commanding, and staff, ac-
companied by Brigadier-General M.
W. Muller. Third Brigade, N.
G. C. an.l staff.
Fifth Infantry. N. G. C. Colonel D. B. Fair-
banks, commanding.
First Infantry. N. Q. C, Lieutenant-Colonel
Victor D. Duboce. commanding.
GoUien G;:t.- Military Hand.
Naval Battalion. N. O. <".. Lieutenant-Ccm-
mander Louis H. Turner commanding.
Battalion of University c.uiets. Lieutenant S.
A. Cloman, V. S. A., commanding.
Cadets of Mount Tamalpals Military Academy,
Lieutenant George E. Sage, U. S. a.,
commanding.
Troop A, Cavalry. N. G. C. Lieutenant Marius
Burnett commanding.
Life-saving Service. Major T. J. Blakeney com.
manding.
Executive Committee of California's Golden Ju-
bilee in carriages.
Veterans of the Mexican War In carriages.
Carriages containing Mayor James D. Phelan,
General John Bidwell and members of
the Hoard of Supervisors.
Regents of the State University in carriages.
SECOND DIVISION.
Float— "The Aborigines."
Marshal. John K. Pinkham.
Aids. E. I?. Vreeland. F..1 McGary. Hart Bou-
ton, Charles OGallagher, R. B. Russ, W.
Tv M' I>ougall.
Blum's Band.
Carriages containing president of the day, John
11. Jewett; orator of the day. Hon. Nlles
Searls: chaplain of the day. Rev. S. H. Wil-
ley; reader of poem. Miss Clara Whitten-
meyer.
SECTION I.
Carriages containing officers of the Society of
California Pioneers, director* of the Society
of California Pioneers, ex-presidents of the
Society of California Pioneers.
Carriages containing companions of James W.
Marshall, the discoverer of gold in 1848:
James S Brown. Salt Lake City. Utah. Az:i-
riah Smith. Manti. San Pete County. T'tah:
Henry W. liitrl. r. St. George, Utah; William
J. Jonnston. Rjunab, Valencia County, N. JI.
Float "Sattef'a Mill."
Early Pioneers in carriages.
Carriages containing s.-nior members of the So-
ciety oi California Pioneers.
Junior members of the Society of California
Pioneers <t. toot.
Other societies of Pioneers.
SECTION 11.
Section Marshal, Thomas T. Lane.
Aids, Julian Sonntag. Fred Zeitler.
Calaveras County Jubilee Band.
Aids to band. Prescott Ely, J. B. Hooper, W.
B. Kerr. C W. Howard Jr.
Veteran Guard of California, Lieutenant Eu-
gene Welgand commanding.
California Stat* Miners' Association.
Visitinic Miners.
Float -"Calaveras."
Float— "Tuolumne."
Marshall's Monument.
Float representing Jubilee Mining Fair, hauled
by two horses driven by Professor Bar-
tholomew, without reins.
Special Aid. William Ralston.
Aids, John Tregloan. Amador County; S. Wil-
liams. El Dorado County; Clark, El Do-
rado County: Colonel Meyers. Siskiyou Coun-
ty: Thomas Richards, Tuolumne County;
Forbes. Yuba County; Mainhart, Nevada
County.
THIRD DIVISION.
Float, "Spanish Navigators."
Marshal. Colonel H. J. Burns.
Aids, Richard Glazier. Phillip G. Knapp, TTll-
llam Raubinger Sr.
Cbapln'a Band.
Exempt Firemen. President George C. Bohen.
i Members drawing engine manufactured in
New York in lS2rt. formerly the property of
President Martin Van Buren, brought to Cal-
ifornia in IM9).
Exempt Engine, built in 1552.
Carriages containing Board of Fire Commis-
sioners and Chipf I>. T. Sullivan.
San Francisco Fire Department
Carriages containing disabled Exempt Firemen.
Modern Fire Apparatus, consisting of steam
flre engine, hose cart, chemical engine, water
tower and hook and ladder.
Fin- Patrol.
Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Band.
Veteran Volunteer Fire Department. President
S. M. Bunner.
Visiting Firemen.
Vallejo Fire Department.
FOURTH DIVISION.
Float, "Mission."
Marshal. Edwin L. Head.
Aids, J. J. Donovan, W. D. Burke, W. L.
Goodwin. C. B. Fenn. W. A. Deane. L. H.
Kohn, Wackland H. Ornahvatekaha. M. I).
C M : F. J. Hlllebrandt, William Barton. W.
X Ashnv>re. J. E !•■• \> '• . H- L. Mulereavy.
H. Lichtenstein. F. C. Gerder, Judge J. C.
Groezinger. W. A. Peak.-. U. G. W. Din'.i<-1-
sptel, James <; MUey, O. P. Ejutge, J. D.
Hauser \. C. Pistolesi, Joseph D. Cavanagh,
J. L. Hulliday.
SECTION I.
Section Marshai. T... EL Nonnemann.
Aids, Henry Faure, J. B. Keenan.
Btaaehard'a Hand.
Mounted Indians. MexlcanJ in niftume, mount-
ed miners in costume.
Independent IMtles (escort). Captain L. Schnei-
der commanding.
N. S. G. W. Float. ' -Thirty-first Star of the
Union."
California Parlor. Na 1: <" a mp No. 4. Argo-
nauts; Pacific Parlor, Na 1"; Golden Gate
Parlor Band; Golden Gate Parlor, No. 29;
Mission Parlor, Na S3; San Franctaco Par-
lor, No. «■•: Ban Francisco Boys' Club ksso-
ciation. Lieutenant C. F. Seltz commanding.
escorting ki Dorado Parlor, No. .":•; Kincon
Ptri< r N<>. 7.": Stanford Parlor, Na 7t; Yer-
1;i Buena Parlor, Na M; -arriages containing
granl officers. N, S. O. W.
SECTION 11.
Section Marshal. W. D. Shea.
Aids, John Henning, .!. C. Ohlandt, Frank
Chrii
Mafia County Band.
Mount Tamalpala Parl w, Na 64; Sea Point
Parlor, Na 158; Nl «sio Parlor, Na M; Pied-
mont Parlor, No. I- 1 ". Athens l'arlor. No. 1&5;
Brooklyn Parlor, Na 1C1: Redwood Parlor,
No. tM; Alameda Parlor, Na 47; Sunset Par-
I,r No. 2B; M ivfiei.i Parlor. No. 166; Palo
■\!to Parlor N.>. >-. Observatory Parlor, No.
177; San Jos.- Parlor. Na B; Bay City Par-
lor, No. l(»l; Niaattc Parlor. No. 105; National
Parlor Na IB; Columbia Parlor. No. 121;
Hesperian Parlor, Na 137: Alcatraz Parlor,
Na 14f.; Alcalde Parlor, No. 154; South San
Francisco Parlor, No. 107, with float, "Cali-
fornia."
SECTION 111.
Section Marshal. S. A. White.
Aids, Miss Mollie Brown, Mrs. Ida Kellen-
berger.
Sequoia Band.
Sequoia Parlor. No. ir.o.— Four-horse carriage
containing Mrs. Mariana Richardson Torres,
the oldest Native Daughter in the State ot
California, born at the Presidio of San Fran-
ctcco in in 2'". accompanied by her husband.
Precita Parlor. No. In 7; band, Olympus Parlor.
Olympus Parlor. Na 18»; Presidio Parlor, No.
1M; wisteria Parlor, Na BT, in carriages;
Oakland Parlor, No. 30; Dormer Parlor, No.
IS2. Trackee
Float, "Golden Star of the T'nion."
Native Daughters of the Golden West.
Native Daughters or the Golden West of San
Jose.
BFloat.8 Float. "Raising the Flag at Monterey."
Celtic Division.
Float. "Raisinc the Flag at Monterey."
Division Marshal. P. .1. McCormick.
Chief Aid. T. R. Bannermann.
Aids. Hartley Lee. J. .1. Meehan. Francis Bo-
lond J. J. Donohue, P. Broderick, J. H. Do-
lan. F. P. Scully, T. Nolan, M. Farrell. J. P.
Sex. William A. Ryan. T. B. Hllliard. J. J.
Donovan, P. Flanagan. J. P. O'Connell. Cap-
tain M. J. Wrin. Daniel Rheerin. S. R.
O'Keefe. J. D. . Roche. Thomas Searey, P.
Klllkenny, William O'Shaughnessy. Eugene
O'Connor. R. Shepston.
SECTION I.
Section Marshal. J. P. ' Dignan.
Aids. J. P. Henry, Ed I. Sheehan. Fran*
Conklin. P. J. Keller, L. Fitzgerald. . R. J.
Meehan, John Kenny.
Hibernia Band.
K. R. B. Rifles. Captain; J. F. Casey com-
manding.
Ancient Order Of Hibernians of America. Di-
visions 2, 3, 5. 8. 9. 1". 11. 12. 14, 15. 16.
17, IS and 20.
Carriages containing officers and members oi
the Ladies' Auxiliary, A. O. H.
SECTION ii.
Section Marshal. J. C. Murphy.
Chief Aid, D. M. Murphy.
Aids. C. D. O'Gara. James O'Dea. John Geary,
F. M. McAllister. J. M. Doyle. J. C. McA%oj-.
E. J. Murphy. M J. O'Gara.
Artillery Band of Oakland.
A. O. H. of Alameda county.
Divisions Nos. 1. 2. 3.4 and 5. and divisions
from adjacent cities.
SECTION 111.
Float— "The Pioneers of Civilization."
The Round Towers an.l Ancient Irish Customs.
Float. 'Irish History."
Jaunting Cars. ■ .. . '• ,
Section Marshal, Peter J. Tamony.
Aids. P. M. McGushin. P. H. Flynn. Martin
Walsh. B. Gorman. James Conniffe, i-
Walsh, J. J. Connolly, J. B. Heagerty, J. J.
Dunn, J. F. McDonald. Thomas Gainrord. p.
H. McGlnerty. J. H. McGinney, William Mul-
' vln. 11. J. Caveny, J. J. Donovan. - :
Thereux Band.
Celtic ' Union, composed of . the following or-
ganizations: St. Patrick's Mutual Alliance oi
• California, Knights of Si. Patrick. Unity Al-
liance, : No. 14, S. P. A. of America: Har-
mony Alliance. No. 15, S. P. A, of A.; Excel-
sior Alliance. No. 11. S. P. A of A.: Paciflo
Alliance, S. P. A. of A.: Oakland' Alliance
No. 5. S. P. A. of A.; Union Alliance. No. 16
S. P. A. of A.: Gaelic Literary Society, S. P
. A. of- A . County Monaghan Social - Club'
County Leitrlm Club; ; Tyrone. Fermanagh
and DonegAl Social Club: Knights of the Red
Branch: Wolf Tone Club of Oakland; Knights
of Tara.
SIXTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal. Rudolph Herold Jr
Aids. A. 11. R. Schmidt. K. AiKeiUnger.
Flout. "Discovery of Gold."
SECTION I.
Section Marshal, Dr. F. P. Muffe.
Aids, H. M. Wrtden. Henry Dederky, F. H.
Kuhls Jr., Paul Ehrecpfort-
NEW TO-DAY.
Hannoveraner Verein. mounted.
Ritzau's iiand.
Marshal. John Lankenau.
Aids, William Glindeman, William Gams Jr.
San Francisco Schuetzen Verein, Captain H.
Bohls commanding.
Red Men's Schuetzen. Captain H. T. Grleb
commanding.
Marshal. Philo Jacoby.
Aids. P. J. Carroll, A. Ehrenpfort. <
California Scheutzen Club.
SECTION 11.
Section Marshal. F. A. Denlcke.
Aids. William M. Pellg. A. Dlerks, George
Stein. C. Gunther. Philip Hageman, Gustava
Wucherer, Al Furth.
Ebert's Band.
San Francisco Turn Verein Vorwarts Verein.
Schwaben Verein.
Marshal, Paul Habelat.
Aids, C. Gunther. Phil Hagerman, Gustave
Wucherer, F. Vielhauer.
Bacher Verein Band.
Bacher Verein.
SECTION 111.
Section Marshal. A. Becker. Aids— A. Hof-
flnghofer, J. Platz, A. Huber, W. Loewe. Max
Speri, Emil Wane. L. Winters, G. Schaefer,
Charles Rehn. Joseph Bu.lde, Joseph Silva. A.
Messerschmldt, Thomas Meyer. Charles Loesch,
August Busse. John Stagtman. Anton Klein.
Yon der Metiden's Band.
Verein Eintracht. comprising Schuetzen Sco»
tion. Turners' Section and members.
IDaatoD Turn Verein.
Float — "Turner Girls."
SECTION IV.
Section Marshal. George Braun. Aids— A.
Stossenwaldt. F. Mohr.
Henc's Military P.and.
Deutscher Kiieger Verein. German Socletiea,
SEVENTH DIVISION.
Float. "Pioneer Train."
League of the Cross Cadets, Colonel W. P.
Sullivan Jr., commanding.
League of the Cro^s Cadets' Band.
Companies of the League of the Cross.
EIGHTH DIVISION. I
(Public School Children.)
Float. ••Civilization."
division Maishal. Georpv S. Miehllng. Aids—
Louis Crowlty. Miss Clara Helms, Stanley
Prior, Robert Saxe. I*. J. Hammersmith, Wil-
liam L:i Grange. Harry F. (Jrady.
California State Military Band.
Oa>'.pt Company, First Infantry. N. O. C.
Captain Charles Bartlett, Commanding.
Drum and Fife Corps.
Schools— Lincoln Grammar School. Horace
Mann Grammar School, Washington Grammar
School, Pacific Heights Grammar School, John
Sivett Grammar School, Crocker Grammar
School, Hamilton Grammar School. Franklin
Janu>s Lick Grammar School, Everett Gram-
mar School.
SECTION IT.
Section Marshal. H. C. E. Stahl.
Drum and Fife Corps.
Pehonis — Hancock Grammar School. Adams
Cosmopolitan School, Columbia Grammar
<r: >l, Clcmpnt Grammar School. Hearst
Grammar School, Rincon Grammar School,
Irving Scott Primary School, P.uena Vista Pri-
mary School, Falrmount Primary School.
NINTH DIVISION.
Float, "Agriculture."
Marshal. Colonel J. C. O'Connor. Aids— F. L.
Guntz. Aug \"etter, Fritz Aug Wrede, E. J.
O'Rourke. W. J. Coyne, D. I. Mahoney. C.
Cummins. J. J. Daughney, M. Clancy. F. E.
Mahoney, C. C. McCarthy, J. C. O' Donne) 1,
Dan <"r<>nin, James A. Riley, F. A. Sullivan,
A. Pilcovich. J. F. Callagh;in.
Secon 1 Regiment Band.
Barromean Guards, Captain Harry Dowdale,
Commanding.
Y' ung Mens' Institute— Council No. 1. Coun-
cil No. 3. Council No. 7. Council No. 32. Coun-
cil No. 34. Council No. ?,.%. Council No. 55,
Council No. :>'.>, Council No. 72, Council No.
uncil No. W9, Council No. 310, Council
No. 460, Council No. 470.
Carriages containing Grand Officers, Y. M. X.
St. Pauhis German K. C. Society.
Pt. Peter's Gorman EL C. Society.
Franciscan Fathers in carriages.
TENTH DIVISION.
Float. "Horticulture."
Division Marshal. George Magglo. Aids-
Victor Arinai. Paul Maggio.
JReall Italiani Carabineri.
Officers of the Compagnia Carabinerl Svizz»rl.
Officers of. the Garibaldi Guard in full uni-
form.
Float.
Fishermens' Benevolent Society.
ELEVENTH DIVISION.
Float, "San Francisco."
San Francisco Health Department. Section
Marshal, .lames P. Dockery.
Aids— Chief Plumbing Inspector John Sulli-
van, Chief Market inspector Benjamin Davis.
Emmet Guard Band.
Five Cotor-bestrera,
Two four-in-h.ui.' carriages, containing mem-
bers of the Board of Health and heads of
departments.
Express wagon showing how injured persons
were formerly conveyed to the Re-
ceivinir HospltaL
Two ambulances from Branch Receiving Hos-
pitals, followed by male nurses dressed In
white, carrying stretchers.
City and County Ambulance.
Almshouae Ambulance.
Float drawn by four White horses. Additional
floats with employes in uniform, all
drawn by gray horses.
(S* Uon 2.)
Section Marshal, Fred Raabe.
Aldr— Ross Campbell. William Stephens, Sam
Sonnenfeld. O. Lipmun, Fred Raabe Jr.
Company, Second Infantry, N. G. C, Sacra-
mento.
S. F. Commercial Travelers' Association in,
decorated buggies.
Independent Order B'nai B'rith in carriages.
Walter Morosco's Stagecoach, drawn by eight
black horses.
Miss Rona McClernon. driving dog attached
to miniature dogcart.
Team of St. Bernard dogs.
Automatic piano. _'
TWELFTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal. Robert L. Park.
Aids— Leonard Leon, James Ah Chung, Leong
Poon, Lee Chin.
Two Chinese floats.
Chinese Warrior in Costume.
Chinese Native Sons of the Golden State.
THIRTEENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal, J. Grenzin.
Aids— H. K. Moulthrop. A. Locke, Owen
Pecc. J. E. Campbell, C. C. Elsasser.
Orpheum float, containing Hungarian Knabea
Kapelle.
National Association Stationary Engineers. In
two carriages, drawn by traction engine.
Float, "Flying Machine."
Foresters.
Old Friends.
Washburn & Mohn's Float, contains: a reel
cf wire cable drawn by 40 horses.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION. '
Wild West Show and Fiesta de Vaqueros.
Marshal, G. L. McLellan.
Chief Aid. Joe Watkins.
Aids— Captain R. W. Hause, H. F. Stuckney.
Cavalcade of Cowboys.
Old Stagecoach, carrying Spanish Fandango
dancers, headed by Don Jose Ferara.
The Old Prairie Schooner, •'Kaliforny or Bust.'"
FIFTEENTH DIVISION.
Division Marshal, A. de la Torre Jr.
Citizens on foot, on horseback and In carriages,
DR. JOHN F. MORSE.
Oraad Marshal.
COL. JAMES F. SMITH.
Chief of Staff.
COL. JOHN. A. KOSTER.
Chief Aid.
MUSICAL AND LITERARY EXERCISES AT
WOODWARD'S PAVILION.
Grand instrumental concert, 1 p. m.— First
Regiment Band. N. O, C : Anthem. "Star-
spangled Banner." (Key): fa) intermezzo,
"Cm alleria Rustii-ana" (Mascagnl), (b) "Ca-
price" iPerlet): ]K>tpourri. "Faust" (Gunod):
humoresqiie, "Arkansaw Traveler" (Williams),
introducing numerous variations for all tha
principals of the band; popular patrol (Casas-
sa i : f'.»>scriptlve piece. "A Cavalry Charge"
(Leader?), depleting the charge of a mounted
n n; waits, "Toujoara <<v .Tamais" CWald-
teufel); popular tnodley selection (Boettsrer^,
icing the latest popular songs; selection,
"Lucia de Lrunmermoor" ( IXinizetti) ; march.
"Air.erican Republic" (Thiele).
Programme of exercises, 2p. m. : : i ii i V;'
Introduction of President of the Day. by the
Grand Marshal. Dr. .J. F. Morse: prayer by
the Chaplain. Rev. S. H. Williams: remarks
by the President of the Day, J. H. Jewett.
president of the Society of California Pioneer*.;
song. ."California", (words by Mary Lambert,
music by John Haraden Pratt). Rhys Thomas,
accompanied by the composer; California's
prettlng. His Excellency, James •H. Budd.
Governor of California: patriotic State song.
'•Hail California" (written by Josephine Gro).
chorus of school children, assisted by Harmony
Choral Club, directed by the composer: San
Francisco's welcome. His Honor, James D.
Phelan, Mayor of San Francisco: song. ■ "'49"
(words by Joanuin Miller), . Knickerbocker
Quartet— F. L. Purely, first tenor: CM. El-
liott, second tenor: D. D. Crane, first bass: L.
A. lArsen. necend bass: oration, Hon. Niles
Searls; melodies of "MS". Casassa's Military
Band: "Bridal; of the Birds," Harmony Quin-
tet—Miss Lena Hachmeister. Mrs. N. B. Frls-
b'e. Mrs. John Madden. Mrs. Robert Lloyd,
Mrs. Mice Wh'tbv Lewis; poem. : "California
OoJden .TuHlee" '. (by Sister Anna Raphael, - a
Native Daughter), recited by Mis« Clara Wit-
tenmyer a Nntlve Daughter: "Now Tramp
OVr Moss and Fell" (Bishop), the solo by Miss
Atkins. Harmony Choral Club. Robert Lloyd,
director: remarks by F.liza D. Keith, a Na-
tive -Daughter: "Star-spangled -. Banner"
(Key) Mrs. Martin Schulz^ remarks by Hon.
■William Q. Murphy, pioneer and survivor :of
the iv>nner party: "America" (Smith), chorus
of nubile school ch'ldren. ar«isted by Harmony
Choral Club: benediction. Rev. S. H. Willey:
■ march. "Press Club" (Gro). Casassa's 11111-
tary Hind.
Ertlre house, consisting of some five thou-
sand cents, open to. the public without admis-
sion card or fee. except a small portion of the
house reserved for the press and specially in-
vited guests.
34
CLARK NOW
RECRETS HIS
CONFESSION
The Murder Suspect
Fears Death by
the Rope.
Sorry That He Confirmed
His Sister-in-L-aw's
Accusations.
Admits Undue Intimacy, but
Swears He Is Innocent of
Murder.
HER STORY IS BELIEVED.
Nnpa County People Confident That
the Prisoner Took His Broth
er's Life.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NAPA. Jan. 23. — George Willard
Clark's startling admission to The Call
correspondent last evening has given
him much regret to-day. He said %vhen
seen this afternoon that he was in an
excited and unaccountable state of
mind; otherwise he would not have
said what he did. Last night at 9
o'clock Sheriff McKenzle visited the
cell of the murderer to tell him what
liis victim's widow had sworn to at the
Inquest. Accompanying the Sheriff
was The Call representative, -who at
the request of the Sheriff read to the
accused all the evidence adduced at
the Inquest. Clark listened attentively,
but was nervous and uneasy. When
the reading was completed he coughed
several times and said:
"As God is my witness I am inno
cent."
Sheriff McKenzle then arose and
spoke as follows:
"Mr. Clark, I desire to Inform you, if
you are not aware of it, that you need
not speak unless you wish to. Talk if
you desire, but don't If you wish not."
The prisoner proceeded to talk, how
ever, and close questioning brought
forth the admission that he had been
intimate with his brother's wife.
"She has told me that I am the father
of one or more of her children," he
said, "but I do not know it, and I think
it is false."
This is the admission over which he
feels regret to-day.
"I was crowded last night and said
more than I should have said," re
marked Clark. A moment later he
said:
"My friend, when the critical mo
ment arrives I will tell the truth, no
matter who it hurts."
He was questioned as to the meaning
of this, but he would not explain. This
afternoon the Salvation Army corps
Visiting the prisoner in his cell. They
sang a few hymns and then invited
him to pray. He consented and in sub
stance prayed as follows:
"O Lord, thou knowest the minds of
all. Thou knowest the good and thou
knowest the wicked. Bless us this day
and do unto us as we would be done by.
Be merciful to us and forgive those
whe sin against thee. Thou knowest,
O Lord, that I, accused of a great
crime, am Innocent. Help me in my
hour of need and deliver me in the end,
from those who would wrong me. So
might it be."
A while after the departure of the
Salvationists several members of the
Adventlst faith arrived from St. He
lena and visited the prisoner in his cell.
"I sent for them," said Clark, "for in
the present trying moment they are the
dearest friends I have on earth. Ju3t
now I would prefer to see nobody but
Christians— good earnest Christians at
that. A few -weeks ago I was in corre
spondence with the Pacific Press Pub
lishing Company relative to canvassing
for certain books of theirs, and if this
trouble hadn't occurred I would now
have been working for them."
There remains but little doubt that
Clark is guilty. The sentiment against
him Is general. The story of the widow
Is so plausible and the circumstances
so fit her revelations that it seems im
possible for him to escape the gallows.
Last night, under the fire of several
reporters, Clark nearly broke down and
went so far as to say, "It looks as
though I must take the rope."
He was worried to-day because the
attorney who he thought would take
his case had stayed away from him.
He did not seem to know that he was
entitled to counsel whether he had
funds or not.
DR. HALL DECIDES TO
RETAIN HIS PULPIT.
Will Continue to Guide the Destinies of New
fork's Fifth Avenue Presbyterian
Church.
NEW YORK. Jan. 23.-Dr. John Hall
to-day announced from the pulpit of the
Fifth-avenue Presbyterian Church that
he had reconsidered his determination to
resign the pastorate and would continue
in the service of the church.
"In view of the unanimous action of the
congregation. 1 have decided to continue
God wiling, the work of the pastorate
while strength ip given from above and I
am prepared to welcome any form of as
sistance regarded as desirable by the con
gregation and its officers."
The. ofllcial announcement of the action
of Dr. Hail will be made to the conereK-a
tlon a week from r.ext Wednesday
NEW TO-DAY.
Unless you have used Pears'
soap you probably do not know
what we mean by a soap with
no free fat or alkali in it — noth-
ing but soap.
The more purely negative soap
is, the nearer does it approach
perfection.
STOCKTON
GETS THE
COLONELCY
Will Again Be the
Headquarters of
the Sixth.
Lost to Fresno Through
the Resignation of
Wright.
The Officer About to Depart
for the Goldfields of the
North.
JOHNSON HIS SUCCESSOR.
The Regimental Band May Again Be
Chosen Entirely From Mill City
Musicians.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Jan. 23.— Next month
Colonel S. EL Wright of the Sixth Regi
ment, N. G. C, will leave for the Klon
dike, resigning his colonelcy. This
means that Fresno, after being the reg
imental headquarters since the resig
nation of Colonel J. J. Nunan of Stock
ton last winter, will again lose the
military post, which Will go back to
the Mill Cay. William Johnson of
Stockton, who was elected lieutenant
colonel a few weeks ago in tins city,
will advance to the colonelcy. John
son had been captain o£ Company A
at Stockton for a great many years,
and, after the first proximo, he will
issue orders from Stockton for the
Sixth Regiment instead of the orders
coming from this city. C. O. Lemon,
first lieutenant of Company C ot this
city, will accompany Colonel Wright
and he will endeavor to obtain a fur
lough.
Colonel Wright and Lieutenant Lem
on returned from San Francis.. > on the*
midnight train last night, having made
arrangements for their northern trip.
They have a dog team and are all
equipped for their voyage. Lieutenant
Lemon will return to the metropolis
next Wednesday to complete the ar
rangements and will be joined there by
Colonel Wright next month. Colonel
Wright, upon his return last night, au
thorized the statement in regard to his
Klondike trip and his resignation as
colonel of the Sixth Regiment.
The Fresno musicians are the most
anxious about the change which will
be caused by Colonel Wright's resigna
tion. Before his promotion to the
colonelcy the regimental band was sta
tioned at Stockton, but when he as
sumed charge of the regiment he di
vided it, half the band being in Stock
ton and the other half being organized
from Fresno musicians here under
leader ('ray of this city. It is feared
that when Johnson becomes colonel he
will nsain give Stockton the full band.
It is tacitly understood that Captain
Cook of I'.akersfield, who was John
son's chief rival for the lieutenant
colonelcy at the election here a few
weeks ago. will receive the support of
the commissioned officers for the lieu
tenant-colonelcy. In fact he received
a personal assurance from Major Grant
of Stockton that he would be sup
ported for advancement at the very
first vacancy, and it was on account of
that pledge that Cook's friends sup
ported Johnson toward the close of the
fight. Should Lemon be unable to pro
cure the desired furlough a vacancy
will occur in Company C. which will
result in the advancement of Second
Lieutenant Jones of that company.
Jones is now acting as adjutant during
the absence of Adjutant O. Scribnor.
The guardsmen here are very much
grieved over the fact that Fresno will
lose the headquarters of the regiment,
particularly as Stockton has had the
post during the many years of J. J.
Nunan'a colonelcy, and a strong effort
will be made to retain half of the regi
mental band.
HAWAIIAN VOTE
WILL BE LATE
Senate Will Not Consider the
Treaty During This
Week.
Final Action on the Measure Not
Likely Until Lata in
February.
■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON*, Jan. 23.— present
outlook Is unfavorable to the Senate's
Riving much attention to the Hawaiian
treaty during this week. The agreement
to vote on Thursday on the Teller reso
lution confirming the doctrine that United
States bonds are payable in silver at the
option of the Government will, in all
probability, result in the Senate's giving
the major portion of its time until that
date to this measure, with the exception
of that necessary to the consideration of
appropriation bills. 'Senator Turpie has
given notice of a speech on the Teller
resolution this week, and It is expected
speeches for it will be made by Senator
Teller. Pett'.grew. White and others, and
that there will be some addresses in oppo
sition. Senator Nelson has offered an
amendment declaring for the mainte
nance of the parity of the two metals, but
the silver men. considering this proposed
modification hostile to their purposes, will
not accept it. They say they will insist
upon a vote upon the resolution as it
stands. - ■ s *Seh
The pension appropriation bill will be
called; up. Monday, and as soon as it is
disposed of the Senate will be asked to
take up the legislative, executive and Ju
dicial appropriation bill. Each of these
will provoke some debate, but it Is not
expected to be prolonged in either case.
When the treaty next comes up Senator
Teller will be recognized to speak in its
support, and he probably will be followed
by Senator White in opposition. The vote
on the treaty now appears at least three
weeks distant.
The House programme for this week in
cludes little of interest beyond the limits
of the District of Columbia. Almost the
entire week will be devoted to the District
of Columbia appropriation bill. It is ex
pected the Indian appropriation bill. the
consideration of which was begun yester
day, will be completed to-morrow*. The
only item in the bill which is likely to
cause much of a contest is that providing
for the leasing of the gilsonite beds of
the Uncompahsrre reservation in Utah.
This provision was beaten In the last In
dian bill, and will be stubbornly contested
now. The district bill will probably con
sume the remainder of the week.
Damage Done by Wind.
SOLEDAD, Jan. 23.— The partially com
pleted two-story building of the Salvation
Army colony, to be used for a store and
barracks, wa3 wrecked by the wind this
morning.
TIIE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1893.
PRESIDENT
BOLE'S WARM
RECEPTION
Is Welcomed Upon
His Arrival in
Chicago.
Met by Officials Repre
senting the Nation
and State.
Committee of Ladies Also Make
Things Pleasant for
Mrs. Dole.
TO BE WELL ENTERTAINED
Review of Troops at Fort Sheridan
and an Inspection of the Garrison
Arranged for the Visitors.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 23— President and
Mrs. Sanford B. Dole of Hawaii arrived
Jn Chicago at 8:05 o'clock this morn-
Ing. Notwithstanding the heavy storm
which delayed suburban trains In the
vicinity of Chicago half an houi the
first section of the Chicago and North
western Railroad train No. 2, known
as the overland limited from San Fran
cisco, pulled into the depot in Chicago
within twenty minutes of the schedule
time.
A distinguished party greeted the
Pretfdent of the little Island republic
on his arrival. The Federal Govern
ment was represented by Judge Gross
cup, General John C. IflflTfT. United
Slates District Attorney; Thomas E.
McMillln. clerk of the United States
District Court, and Hen. Thomas W.
Cridler of the State Department at
Washington. Chicago was represented
by Mayor Harrison and the army
and navy by Major Heistand and Lieu
tenant-Commander Fhelps respective
ly, who were resplendent in full-dress
uniform and several pounds of gold
lace. In addition to these gentlemen
the President was welcomed by Gen
eral Brooke and his staff, consisting of
captain Richards and Lieutenants
Dean and McKenna; Hon. F. A. Hatch,
Minister to the United States from Ha
waii; William Perm Nixon, Dr. Henry
C. Lyman and the Chicago Consul, Dr.
F. W. Job.
President Dole's party consisted of
himself, Mrs. Dole, Secretary laukea
and Dr. Day, his physician. The fol
lowing ladies were also present: Mrs.
Grosscup, Mrs. Harrison and Mrs.
Brooke. On arriving In Chicago the
reception committee entered President
Doles private cur and welcomed him
to Chicago. The first to shake hands
with him was Judge Grosscup, who
said:
••President Dole, I am instructed by
the President of the United States to
welcome you here. I am pleased to in
troduce you to Secretary Cridler. rep
resenting the President, and Mayor
Harrison of Chicago."
After the exchange of courtesies and
a welcome to Chicago on behalf of the
city by Mayor Harrison, President
Dole cordially responded to the greet
ing, and seemed pleased with the
hearty reception given to him. Mrs.
Dole, who won the hearts of every one
present by her unaffected and pleasant
manner, thanked the ladies of the com
mittee for coming out so early in the
day to welcome her, and seemed to ap
preciate very highly the reception Bhe
received in Chicago.
The party at once proceeded in car
riages to the Auditorium Annex, where
suite 1102 had been reserved for the
guests. Their rooms are situated at
the northeast corner of the hotel on
the parlor floor, and are the same
apartments occupied by President Mc-
Klniey two years ago, when he visited
Chicago to address the Marquette Club.
The suite, which was decorated with
La France roses and draped with a
Hawaiian flag, consists of a drawing
room and three bedrooms.
On arriving at the hotel General
Brooke extended an invitation to Presi
dent and Mrs. Dole to visit Fort Sheri
dan on Monday morning, where a
parade of the garrison will be given in
their honor. The invitation was ac
cepted, and the party will leave Chi
cago to-morrow morning at 9 o'clock
by special train on the Chicago and
Northwestern, returning to Chicago at
noon.
This morning President and Mrs.
Dole attended the Church of the Mes
siah. At 1 o'clock to-morrow a lunch
eon will be tendered the distinguished
guests at Kinsley's by a number of
former residents of Hawaii and other
friends. Dr. Henry Lyman has charge
of this affair, which promises to be a
very pleasant reunion of old acquaint
ances At 3 o'clock a formal reception
will l>e held at the Union League Club,
to which invitations have been for
warded to all the clubs in Chicago and
which will give President Dole an op
portunity of meeting a representative
body of Chicago citizens.
While the arrangements are not en
tirely completed, it is probable that
President Dole will leave Chicago at
10:30 a. m. Tuesday morning for Wash
ington by the Baltimore and Ohio road,
this company having tendered him the
use of the finest private car in its serv
ice.
One of the attentions most appreciat
ed by the visitors has been the offer of
Manager Stevenson of the Long Ins
tance Telephone Company of the free
use of their wires while in Chicago.
WORST STORM IN YEARS
SWEEPS THROUGH THE EAST.
Railway Schedules Demoralized Through the
Breaking Down of Telegraph
Wires.
CHICAGO. Jan. 23.— The snowstorm of
last night and this morning was the
worst in this city for years. The great
est damage was caused by the breaking
down of telegraph and telephone wires.
The police telephone system was badly
crippled and there was much trouble
with the city fire alarm system. The
street-car service which last night was
badly delayed and totally suspended on
some of the lines was in better running
order to-day. Snow plows and sweepers
were kept going all night. All the inconu
ing trains on all the roads were from one
to four hours late. Station Master dith
ers of the Union depot said that Saturday
night was one of the worst railroading
nights he had ever known. On account
of the breaking down of the telegraph
wires they were totally at sea as to the
whereabouts of the trains.
Reports from Important points East
South and West tell of unusually severe
storms.
FLEET OF
WAR OFF
KEY WEST
Admiral Sicard Ar
rives With Five
Battleships.
Joined by the Vessels
Already in Floridan
Waters.
All Will Sail for Dry Tortugas
With the Dawn of
To- Day.
CONSUL LEE IN DANGER.
Extra Gusrds Placed Around the
American Consulate in
Havana.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 23.— A
telegram from Key West says: Ad
miral Sicard, with the battle-ship's
New York, Indiana, Massachusetts,
lowa and Texas, arrived off the bar
at 10 o'clock. The Maine, Montgom
ery and Detroit and torpedo boats,
Gushing and Dupont, went out and
Joined the fleet. An important mes
sage was received here at 11 o'clock for
Admiral Sicard, but there Is no way
of transportation to the fleet.
Telegrams received from Havana
last night state that oxtra guards had
been placed around General Lee's of
fice for protection. Circulars were
distributed around Havana, calling on
the volunteers for the protection of the
American colony. There is no news
of an attempt to assassinate Lee.
The commander of the naval station
at Key West received, a message from
General Lee this afternoon. He says
the city is safe, but there is suppressed
excitement in the American colony. The
white squadron is anchored at Key
West and will sail for Dry Tortugas
early to-morrow morning.
A special to the Times-Union and
Citizen from Key West says: There
has been excitement in this city during
the last twenty-four hours, due to an
alarming telegram from Havana stat
ing that the streets had been Hooded
with an anonymous ultra-Spanish cir
cular, calling upon all anti-Americans
to mobilize and raid the American
colony. Captain-General Blanco, fear
ful that the rabid element of the city
might attempt such violence, placed an
extra military guard around Consul-
General Lee's office. Many of the
Americans of th>- < ity who believe that
they are in real danger have prepared
their affairs in any emergency. This
news is what gave rise to the rumor
that General Lee had been assassinated.
The Spanish Consul here was uneasy
over the repeated rumors td the effect
that General Lee had fallen a victim
to assassins, and wired to the authori
ties of Havana for the truth.
MADRID. Jan. 23.— The report that
American warships have been ordered
to Cuban waters has caused great ex
citement here. The Imparcial, in the
course of a violent article, says: "We
see now the eagerness of the Yankees
to eeize Cuba."
A grand banquet was given at the
palace this evening in honor of the
name day of the King. The members
of the cabinet and the principal mem
bers of the diplomatic corps were pres
ent. Tho Cabinet met afterward and
decided, so it is reported, to address
a manifesto to the country. One Min
ister, in the course of an interview,
the Government was quiet and
tranquil respecting the movements of
th" American warships, which were
fully known to the Minister of Ma
rine.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 23.— 50 far as
could be learned the administration has
no advices from Havana to-day. Both
the State and Navy departments af
firmed that nothing had been heard
from General I,ee. and professed to
look upon the lack of news as a sjood
sign. On the other hand, the city was
full of rumors, ranging in importance
from the statement that the white
pquf.rtron had sailed from Key West
to that of Lee's being assassinated at
Havana. Inquiry, however, failed to
reveal any basis for sensational re
ports.
GENERAL PAODQ WOUNDED.
Desperate Fighting Reported From Along
the Cautro River.
Copyright, ISOS. by Jair.rs Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, Jan. 23.-Reports have just
reached Havana from the Cauto River
district, where General Par.do has been
Operating, to the effect that General Pan
do his been seriously wounded in an en
gagement with insurgents. No details of
the fight have been received here, but
late reports rhow that there has been
hot fighting all along the Cauto River.
General Pando is now in or near Man
zanilln. his operations aerainst the rebels
having so far been practically without re
sult?. Despite the heavy force he has
with him. the insurgents, aided by natur
al d< tensive positions, have been ahle to
prevent him making any headway, and at
last reports General Pando was awaiting
the arrival of more artillery and troops
from Havana, before making another
important move against tho rebels.
CARDINAL VAUGHAN ON
CONDITIONS IN AMERICA-
Says Our Better Men Do Not Go Into Politics,
and the Result Is Easily
Apparent
Copyrleht, ISOS. by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS. Jan. 23.— 1n the course of an
Interview with the Herald correspondent
at Grassc, Cardinal Vaughan, discussing
Anglo-American relations, said:
"We know exactly what these occasion
al outbursts of hostility against England
are worth, especially at election time. It
appears that your better men do not go
into politics. As long as that state of
thinps exists, as long as the best men
stand aloof, you should never be sur
prised if the country feels the effects or is
dragged into some suicidal policy. It
would be the natural result sooner or
later.
"Public men should be of the best,
otherwise it must come to a catechism.
Look at the Government of England. It
Is th"* aristocracy that elevates our poli
tics by taking an active part in them."
IS DEPEW TO WED?
Revival of the Rumor of His Betrothal to
Miss Johnson.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— A morning paper
sftys that an interesting rumor has been
revived. It is to the effect that Chauncey
M. E-epew is to be married to Miss Jo
sephine Johnson. Dr. Depew's ward, who
Is well known for her wit and beauty.
ANTI-JEWISH
RIOTS AND
BLOODSHED
Algiers Merchants At
tacked in Their
Stores.
Chasseurs Chargethe Mob
and Two Men Are
Slain.
Many Wounded in a Second
Onslaught Made by the
Zouaves.
SETTING FIRE TO SHOPS.
The Buildings Pillaged and Their
Contents Scattered in the
Streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ALGIERS, Jan. 23.— Anti-Jewish
riots were renewed here to-day. The
mob Invaded the Jewish quarter and
pillaged the shops In the Rue Baba
zoua, driving the Jewish merchants
out into the streets. A squadron of the
Chasseurs was ordered to the scene
and charged the mob with drawn
swords, but the mob reformed further
on, cheering for the army.
Revolvers and daggers were freely
used. One man who was stabbed in
the back and shot in the head, died on
the spot, and many were seriously
wounded, one, named Cayol, dying
from his wounds at 4 o'clock this after
noon. The crowd hearing of this be
came dangerously excited, shouting:
"They're murdering us. Death to
the Jews!"
The mob then resumed the pillaging.
The fronts of six shops were destroyed.
The police repeatedly charged the riot
ers, but were stubbornly resisted and
were powerless to restore order until
the troops arrived. Several policemen
were severely maltreated. Many ar
rests for theft have been made. The
Jewish authorities recommend their
co-religionists to remain in doors.
Both the men killed in the riots were
Christians, and their companions have
sworn to avenge them.
Disturbances atid the looting of Jew
ish shops continued throughout the
evening, despite the efforts of the
troops to quell disorders.
At 10 o'clock to-night some Jewish
flower stores were pillaged and their
contents thrown into the streets.
Zouaves then charged the crowd with
fixed bayonets dispersed them, many
persons being injured. At the moment
this dispatch is sent (11 o'clock) the
rioters are reassembling on the quays
and setting fire to the Jewish spirit
stores. Troops are being hurried to
the spot. Already there have been 150
arrests to-day. The maintenance of or
der has been entrusted to the mili
tary.
ALGIERS, Jan. 24.— 8y midnight the
town had become more quiet and the
fires on the quays had been extin
guished. The streets are patrolled by
the troops.
SLIGHT DISTURBANCES
DESPITE THE POLICE.
Noisy Anti-Dreyfus Meeting at Paris, From
Which the More Boisterous Are
Expelled.
PARIS. Jan. 2".— ln anticipation of the
prohibited anti-Dreyfus demonstration
to-day, under the direction of the organ
izing committee of the anti-Dreyfus
meeting at the Tivoll Vauxhall last Mon
day night, stringent measures were taken
by the authorities to preserve order. The
Place de la Concorde and the garden of
the Tuileries were held by a detachment
of cavalry and infantry and a large force
of police. Nothing happened until this
afternoon, the time announced for tlie
meeting to protest against the pro-Drey
fus agitation in the Salle dcs Milles sec
tion and in the Mont Parnesse quarter.
The approaches to the hall were occu
pied by the police and mounted Republi
can guards, while the precaution was
taken of removing all the chairs from the
interior. The police refused admission to
known anarchists, but many of the less
prominent evaded police vigilance, gained
admittance and created disturbances.
M. Thiebaud was elected to the chair
and the noisiest disturbers of the pro
(■••»-iHngs were expelled from the hall. M.
Thiebaud proposed that a wreath be laid
on the Strasbourg statue and the pro
posal was greeted with cries of "Vive
l'Armec" and "Vive l'France."
As tho disturbance continued, M. Thie
baud got a motion adopted to close the
meeting. The wreath was then placed In
a carriage, but the police refused to al
low the crowd to follow it In a body, and
divided it into smaller groups. In the
meantime, the anarchists tried in vain
to organize a fresh meeting. Tho wreath
was placed upon the statue at 4:30 o'clock
this afternoon amid perfect order.
Later in the evening the police dis
persed large bodies of anti-Jewish dem
onstrators in the Rue de la Fayette and
at the office of the Aurore, but nothing
serious occurred and there were few ar
rests during the day.
It is agreed on all sides that Saturday's
scene in the Chamber of Deputies waa al
most without precedent, except the re
cent disturbances in the Austrian Relehs
rath. Curiously enough. Count Baderil
(former Austrian Premier) witnessed it.
He must have felt quite at home.
After the Chamber was cleared 125
torn-off neckties were picked up, togeth
er with many coats that had been torn hy
Deputies from each other's shoulders. M.
Clovls Hugues, one of the Deputies of the
Department of the Seine, had a door
slammed on his fingers, which were so
mutilated that he is now in the hands of
a surgeon.
The scene of fighting around the tribune
was unparalleled. Comte de Bernis is a
retired cavalry officer, and has the rough
manners of the bull-fightir.g town of
Nlmes. where he will be a candidate at
the next election. M. Jaures is thickset,
florid and hairy. M. Gerault Richard is
wild looking. The latter was hustled and
knocked about like a football in his at
tempt to deal Comte de Bernis a blow.
Some eighty Deputies were in the fight.
During a lull in the fight M. Gerault Rich
ard was seen in tatters, his cravat torn
off, his shirt front torn open, while his
sympathizers patted him on the back. Sud
denly Comte de Bernis bounded up the
stairs of the tribune on all fours like an
animal, dealt M. Jaures a heavy blow on
the back of the head and kicked him on
the legi. If, Jaures was knocked over
and stumbled down the stairs. Picking
himself up. he saw Comte de Bernis mak
ing off with a crowd of Deputies, while
the remainder of the house hooted him,
crying." "Coward" and "Traitor."
M. Juares threw a knotted handkerchief
after him. Comte de Bernis seemed par
alyzed and the house cheered M. Juares,
while a body of socialists made another
rush at Comte de Bernis, and the melee
was renewed as furiously as before.
M. Brisson, president of the Chamber,
finding it hopeless to restore order, de
parted and the military entered, at the
request, it is said, of a questor. who
feared loss of life Jf the scenes were enn
tlr.ued. It seems that Comte de Bernis
had provoked the animosity of the social
ists at a previous sitting by accusing
them of being in the pay of the Dreyfus
GOVERNORS
SPEAK UPON
ANNEXATION.
Difference of Opinion
Among the State
Executives.
Some Declare That Ha
waii is Needed by-
Uncle Sam.
Eight, However, Give Good
Reasons for Opposing the
Proposed Scheme.
DECIDEDLY TOO FAR AWAY
Islands That Could Never Be Turned
Into a Desirable State or the
Union.
Bpscla! Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 23.— The Herald
has obtained the viewß of many Gover
nors of States outside of New Tork on
the subject of the annexation of Ha
waii as follows:
Topeka, Kans.— l believe the Ha
waiian Islands should be annexed by
the United States for these reasons:
Within a short time, perhaps not more
than forty years., a canal will be built
across the Isthmus of Panama. This
canal should be controlled and gov
erned by the United States. The nation
having possession of these islands will
command the road to that canal, and
will also possess the key to the Pacific
Ocean from a maritime standpoint. We
do not know what the naval architec
ture of the future will be, but at pres
ent the best vessels we have are so
heavily armored they can carry only
enough coal to keep at sea for a short
time, and it is absolutely essential to
provide harbors of refuge and coaling
stations within reasonable distances.
My belief is if we allo* Hawaii to slip
out of our fingers now, within fifty
years our necessities would compel us
to fight to get possession of the islands,
and, therefore, it seems to me to be
good policy to get them while we can
in peace. In my judgment, it will be
no departure from the Monroe doc
trine, as these islands are on this con
tinent and adjacent to our shores, and
it would certainly be folly to allow any
European nation to take possession of
and fortify them, which seems likely to
be the case if we permit this opportun
ity to pass. J. W. LEEDY,
Governor of Kansas.
Cheyenne, Wyo. — My opinion is that
the annexation of Hawaii is desirable
on acount of the effect its control will
have upon the Nicaragua canal ques
tion. The islands are of such great nav
al importance that some strong govern
ment is sure to possess them very soon,
and they belong geographically to this
country. The interests the United
States now own in the islands can be
best protected and our trade extended
by annexation. W. A. RICHARDS,
Governor of Wyoming.
Montgomery, Ala. — I don't believe
much in our Government adopting a
policy of acquiring foreign territory. I
apprehend it would be an excues for
establishing a large army and for a
great increase in our navy. We have
domain sufficient for our people for
generations to come. I think the an
nexation of Hawaii might increase our
commerce and possibly aid in showing
the necessity for completing the canal
across the isthmus, work that I am
anxious to see accomplished as soon as
possible. JOSEPH. F. JOHNSON,
Governor of Alabama.
Denver, Colo. — While not enthusias
tic I believe the future commercial wel
fare of the Lnited States would justify
the annexation of the Hawaiian Isl
ands. But a hundred fc-ld more import
ant move would be the building of the
Nicaraguan canal as a guarantee of
future power and empire. We need
both, but first of all the canal.
ALVA ADAMS,
Governor of Colorado.
Salt Lake, Utah — I am in favor of the
annexation of Hawaii with a terri
torial form of government, such as
Congress may prescribe, because I re
gard it as a political and military ne
cessity that the islands should not pass
into the control of any other nation;
because the regularly constituted gov
ernment of Hawaii is seeking annexa
tion; because we have a stronger
equitable claim to the island than any
other nation, and because the opportu
nity is now ripe to annex them with
out serious trouble.
HEBER M. WELLS,
Governor of Utah.
Pierre, S. D.— Governor Lee said:
"The first duty of this country is to
Cuba, to stop the butchery in that isl
and at any cost. After that if Hawaii
is of any strategic value to this country
and its citizens desire annexation it
would probably be good policy to take
them in."
Annapolis. Md.— Governor Lowndes
said: "I should be guided in the matter
entirely by the views of the adminis
tration. I think they are best ac
quainted with all the facts and know
what is best in the circumstances."
Olympia, Wash.— Governor John H
Rogers said that he most emphatically
favors the policy of annexation of
Hawaii. He did not care at this time
to give his reasons.
Nashua, N, H.— Governor George \
Ramsdell said: "You may say I fa
vor the annexation of Hawaii "
Salem. Ore.— Governor Wiiliam P.
Lord said: "I am favorably dis
posed toward annexation for MVttrml
reasons. I feel that whether it is the
best thing it is a necesisty to which, as
a nation, we are forced and cannot well
evade.
_ Lincoln, Neb.— Governor Silas A
Holcomb said: "I am opposed to
the annexation of Hawaii For a
century it has been a Well-defined pol
.lcy of this country, handed 'down l>v its
founders, to avoid a line of notion lend
ing to entanglements and complications
with foreign nations. Hawaii is no
part of the Western Continent in a
political sense, and annexation of these
islands by.the United States would
place our Government in an incon
sistent, absurd and embarrassing atti
tude in the enforcement of the princi
ples of the Monroe doctrine, which can
not be surrendered : without menacing
the very existence of our nation An
nexation would be used as a pretext
to appeal to the spirit of militarism of
the people of our country. It would
JThe Rosy Freshness I
Ana a velvety softness of the skin is inva- I
nably obtained by those who use Pooosi'i I
Complexion Powder. ;
entail larger expenditures for the army
and navy, increasing the burdens of
taxation, and disturbing the spirit of
peace and good will which should al
ways characterize the American peo
ple. The greater part of the inhabi
tants of the Hawaiian Islands are in-
capable of self-government and we can
give them no proper form of govern
ment without doing violence to our na
tional spirit of democracy and to the
right we maintain of self-government.
It would inject into our citizenship a
most undesirable population, which
would breed trouble and discontent. It
would be a severe blow to the rapidly
developing American beet sugar in
dustry, especially in the West, where
its development has been marked dur
ing the past few years."
Jackson, Miss.— Governor McLaugh
lin said: "I oppose the annexation of
Hawaii. It is opposed to the spirit
that breathed our Government into ex
istence in the last century.by which we
should always, as much as possible be
guided. We should never annex terri
tory that cannot be made a State, and
we should not make a State beyond tha
seas. Annexation would deprive us of
their duty on sugar, and they would
soon clamor for a sugar bounty. There
are a hundred other objections.
Austin. Tex.— Governor Culbertson
said- "My views on Hawaiian annex
ation are outlined in the platform on
which I am to make the race for the
United States Senate. I am in favor
of the recognition of belligerent rights
of lovers of freedom wherever under
organized governments they may be
struggling for home rule, and the great
cause of local self-government: but I
am opposed Jo annexation to the Uni
ted States of any territory not nat
urally and geographically a part of
this continent."
Little Rock, Ark.— Governor Dan W.
Jones said: "I am opposed to the poli
cy of the acquisition of foreign terri
tory by the United States. Nothing but
a commercial or strategic necessity
would justify the annexation of
Hawaii. I am not in a position to know
where this necessity exists."
Tallahassee, Fla. — Governor Bloxham
said: "I am opposed to the annexation «
of the Hawaiian Islands. My reasons
are numerous. It would be a danger
ous departure from the history of the
country and prove a veritable Pan
dora's box."
Jefferson City, Mo.— Governor Ste
phens said that he is opposed to the
annexation of the Hawaiian Islands.
He feels, however, that he cannot ex
plain his position satisfactorily in an
interview.
Baton Rouge, La. — Governor Foster
said: "I am unalterably opposed to
the annexation of Hawaii. I can see
no justification or benefit in extending
our territory in that direction."
Richmond, La.— Governor J. Hope
Tyler said: "My immature opinion is
that from a naval standpoint in th^
event of future war the annexation of
Hawaii is desirable, while in a com
mercial, social and political aspect my
mind is not so clear that it would be. The
diversified interests of our nation are
now so great as to make national legis
lation very complex and difficult. I
can see possible injury to some of our
southern interests, therefore I would be
willing to trust the settlement of the
question to the wisdom and patriotism
of our national representatives, be
lieving they would do what is for the
best interests of the whole nation."
Pt. Paul, Minn. — Governor Clouph
said to-day: "Hawaii is a case of goh
ble or see it gobbled. If we don't ta
the Sandwiches the British will. Un
cle Sam sees the pearl glistening at his
feet, and he has not the astuteness I
ascribe to him if he does not pick it
up."
Helena, Mont. — Governor Robert B.
Smith said: "I favor the annexation
of the Hawaiian Islands for theso rea
sons: Our commercial relations and
interests in these islands, demand a
stable and permanent Government
there, and without annexation these
islands are the object of prey for for
eign nations and of Internal dtecnrd
and anarchy. Attain, in time of war,
if in the possession of an enemy, they
would prove a splendid basis of supply
and operations, while if annexed such^
opportunities would not be present." y
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
I in a I Get Manhood
I week Get Manhood
Get Manhood
Get Manhood
IF I WAS TO COME TO YOU AND
tell you that you could get well in a
■week, and back thi3 up with the cures
effected under my care.
If I was to come to you and tell you
that your manhood could be restored,
what would you say? Show me your
i proofs. Now, you can have these proofs.
The doctors of the Hudson Medical In
stitute have made a wonderful discovery.
After years of continued practice and
; study; after years of making men out of
: poor unfortunates, they have created the
Hudyan cure up to date. Hudyan cures
chronic constipation, dizziness, falling
sensations, nervous j twitchings of the
eyes and other parts,. strengthens, invig-
orates and tones the system. Gives new
life. Hudyan cures prematurity. Hudyan<4f
cures evil dreams, pains in the back, ▼
i pains In the side, failing manhood, sper-
: matorrhoea, nervous debility", neurasthe-
nia and nervous disorders. Call or write
; for free
Circulars and Testimonials.
Hudson Medical Institute.
BLOOD POISON— Cure by the 30-day
KLOOO POlSON— cure first, second or
BLOOD POlSON— tertiary forms of
BLOOD POISON— BIood Poison.
Circulars 30-Day Cure Free.
Hudson Medical Institute.
AT OFFICE— Consultation, private
AT diagnosis, first remedy
AT OFFICE— treatment. first blood
£Sfel"- —treatment, catarrhal ex-
EScE" —amination, private exam-
Xtt — —ination, free talk.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Streets,
•PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS!
1 CUISINE TSERYICE L
* —IN THE— % ?
* —IN THE— *
{LADIES' GRILL |
™ F* A LACE.
• Direct Entrance from Market Street. *COLLISIONS
ON THE BAY
Bark Columbia Drifted
Down on the Charles
E. Falk.
Both Vessels Then Collided
With the Pilot-Boat
Lady Mine.
A Fieet of Steamers and Soiling Ves
sels Brought In by the
North xv ester.
The Ptrontr northwest winds that
have prevailed for the last few days
have brought In a fleet of south-bound
coasters. Quite a number of them
made port during Saturday night and
Sunday after quick passages. Among
those that got in were the ship Lucile
and bark Alexander McNeil from Seat
tle. The former made the run down in
seven days and a half and the captain
of the McNeil announced his time as
eight days. As the McNeil left Seattle
en the 12th ins=t. the bark must have
been at anchor in Clallam Bay and
Captain Jorgenson must have reckoned
his run from the time he left that
point.
"The Alexander McNeil was going
out when I was going under the bunk
ers at Seattle," said Captain Anderson
of the Lucile yesterday. "I told Cap
tain Jorgenson I would report him in
San Francisco and I did so. as I was at
anchor when his vessel came in." The
Lucile made the round trip, in less than
twenty-five days and Captain Ander
son sailed her from Seattle right into
Kan Francisco while the McNeil was
towed to sea."
The Lucile brought in 20S1 tons and
the McNeil lso3 tons of coal. Other
coal laden vessels that got in were the
ship Columbia from Tacoma with 2265
tons, steamers Washtenaw from Ta
coma with 4 1 tons for the Southern
Pacific Railroad Company, the Wil
lamette from Seattle with 2: ? <X> tons,
the Bristol from Departure Bay with
2500 tons and the Burma from Xa
naimo, B. C, with 4233 tons. This will
relieve the coal famine somewhat, but
■ - ■ there will not
be an ounce of the supply left.
TVhile the northwester favored the
south-bound l^eet it did not suit the
vessels that wanted t" sret out at all.
It was blowing forty-six miles an hour
at Point Reyes during the day and at
Point Lol n with twelve miles
and wound up with fifty miles an hour
at sundown. In consequence the
Bchooner Muriel, barkentine Newsboy,
b:-rk Harvester, ship Invincible and
bark Prussia, all b«-<und north, and the
French bark Ville de Rouen, bound for
■n. did not put to sea. All
were to have been towed out at 11 a.
m. y but their captains de
cided that they could make better time
by remaining in port for another twen
ir hours.
A ferry service between Juneau,
Dyea and Skaguay is to be established.
The steamer Chilkat has been placed on
that run, her owners thinking they
would have that route to themselves.
They have been outgeneraled, however,
as the Pacific Steam Whaling- Company
leaned of th-» intended move some. time
ago and has sent instructions to the
captain of the steamer Wolcott, now at
Orca station, to go to Juneau and put
his vessel into the ferry trade between
that point and Dyea and Skaguay.
Therefore, when the Chilkat arives on
the ground she will find her rival in
possession.
This is The last trip of the ship Luclle
to this port Cor some time to come.
She has been chartered by peoi
■■ and is to be put on the Dyes
rout^. When she reaches the sound
she will have passenger accommodation
put in and then the tug Tyee will be
her side partner for at Wst four
months. The Lucile will carry about
800 passengers and the Tyee will tow
her between Seattle, Dyea and Ska
guay.
nn n p <* the Inward bound fleet did
considerable damage Saturday night.
The Kirk Columbia from Port Rlake
ley (the ship Columbia from Tacoma
also got in) sailed in and Captain Gove
hmuETht his vessel to an anchor off
M^lggs wharf. The tide was running
like a mill race and it took charge of
the bark before the anchrrr held and
carried h^r down on the schooner
Charles E. Falk. The impact set the
schooner adrift and both bark and
schooner drifted down on the pilot
boat Lady Mine. Before any serious
damage was done to the latter vessel
the tugboat Active appeared on the
Bcene and towed the Lady Mine out of
danger.
In thp meantime, while trying to get
away from thp Columbia, the Falk had
passed under her stern and ranged up
on the other side again. The tug S*>a
King came along, but the schooner had
to ship h^r anchor before she could get
away from hfr undesirable companion
The Charles R. Falk had her Jibboom]
figure head and forward risking car
ried away while the Columbia lost her
port and starboard rail and riggintr
Although both vessels aro dan
cor.ridf-rahly th n v will be reoaired and
ready for sea again before the we»k is
out.
The tug Rescue brought the schooner
Christina Steffens in from Timber Cove
yesterday. Th<> reuse! went ashore
early last week and the crew with some
difficulty jrc-t ashore. The Rescue was
sent to her assistance and not her oft!
without much trouble. After discharg
ing the Steff^ns will be put on the dry
dock for repairs.
DESERTED BY HIS WIFE.
C Kalberla. a Grocer. Wants the
Police to Find His Better
Half.
C. Kaberta ETocpr nt Brvant nr, < Fifth
strr-ots. reported at the Sk>ut*-.«r:< police
station yesterday morning that his wife
had ,de«erted him for another man and
ha.l taken away with her SSO belonging to
'She has left me." said Kalberla. "for
John Bulgrer a friend of ours . and.i am
afraid they have pone from the city and
I won't see h-r apain. if she would only
eves 1 """ °w?n' for^ Sfl " 1 With twSlnhS
c>es. I 1 will forgive her. as I love her
Bul*er lived at 171 South Park street
and had known Mrs Kalborla previous" to
marriacre. H- was a wlcome visitor
to the hen: but Knlberla never^dreamed
that he was aiifnntinf; h!s wife's Tfflc
Mows. Captain SpiHaSe promised fo do
turn to her husband. errlne wife to re
A Fabbrl-A'ueller Concert.
The class of '« f ,X the Sacred Heart
Presentation Convent will give a concert
under the management of Mme. J. Fabbrl-
Mueller In Native Sons' Hall on the even
ing of Friday next. The programme will
include the Grand Jubilee March by Miss
May avanna^h; Are Maria, with violin
obligate Mrs. In.-z Sexton Hutton: Flow
er Son« from "Carmen," Sli. F. Mich.-i
ena; aria, "Linda." Miss S R. Cole: vio
lin solo. 'Faust Fantasia." John Mar
quardt: aria. "Samson." Mrs. L. Walsh;
romanza, "Nonever." by request, Jacob C.
Mueller, and the second act of "Olivette"
by the pupils of the convent.
THE EMPORIUM.
__^_/—^~^T V — ' —^-- Visitors to San Francisco will find this store one of the sights of the metropolis. Free Parcel Checking. Ladies' Parlors, Children's -
(^^-s^-^ ~ -^"*~^V_ ■ Nurse >v> Emergency Hospital, Lavatories, Telephones, Telegraph Office, Postoffice, Express Office, every convenience for visitors here under one roof.
)s lne Cafe. -i*—7fr f\ s~4S*i^ _,„ -- - i T*L r** cv J/(
!\ , wlches. Cold Meats, Puddings, [/£ — <^Ls__>-— sf r^^^o^^ <g^3«gac^^^^^S^g; fi^j^p F '^ All leading- brands of Imported, \>
\ f wiches. Cot] ' ii* vjA r' ■ l/^*' — t*-Jw^ > ; r='^3.£^g^^QrTftT?s""^r^ All lpadinp brands of Imported, \ \
)/ and Cakes from our own K-iki-ohop. »»^oi«i^^» 3 «=s_-»^-- Key West and Domestic Ciirara are )j
/( S^^^wk^f^aimnds^ . Save it during Jubilee Week and every week of the year by doing your trading at the big store. We make unusual price con- £^i£t-£tt£3^^r '//
'( S°^V^ %/fIESWS cessions this week to convince the thousands of strangers in this city of the fact already so well known to our own buying public that meiuc^wUtt^&i^-a^a ((
• , blrpd— s2.(«) xx»r rallon delivered. tlllS IS One OI trie linest Shopping places in America. Chewing Tobacco— in fact, a com- AY'
)' $£nS, : d S al',™££ p t'o "6:30 p.m. Positively the la.st week that Delorme's marvelous painting, The Blacksmith," will be on view. Free to all in Art Room second floor ******& Bmokers ' »»ppnes, \\
;*; * SN. X~\^i^ A s P ecial sale of 5000 tickets to the Golden Jubilee Mining Fair in the Pavilion will be held on Friday morning, January 28* tent?onl u an r d"ouc < it you^iS?. 1 at ( (
( m9to *£ . lnstead of tne 25c that you would have to pay at the door special sale price will be 15c. Tickets will be good from Jan- \\
r _y/S2S?*V- y^2s* ■ Uary 29 t0 Februar I5 ' inclusive. Only five sold to a single purchaser. Ticket-selling place main aisle, opposite Klondike Department. «^gHB^^^^^N> J
[(^r^£^L^^ Jackets, Suits, Etc. Cuts in Curtains. Men's Furnishings. \ Neck Ribbons.
Special Values in Too many Jackets. Too many Suits. Too This week the last of the $3.00 and Many articles from the winter stocks now A n . wlnfftf RMlltrf ...... *
Fine Silks. Sr^L 0 T many Skirts Too many g£ TZt^^^^tX \ half priJe and less. All surplus stocks and Ri^ 11 g O J Of cn ß^s a a U « t e f Sis W w:k F i nn e CC n > :
The rich, fash ionab c fabrics now waists. 1001 00 many Wrappers. Here are prices worth from «6.c0 to $•> 00— you will ' broken lines to be immediately closed. These tireiy new style, rich colorings— an
in vogue tor waists, skirts and dress that must clear these out to-morrow: admit it when you see "them. ' are new, fresh goods. Only a limited quantity exceptional value at sale -i^ ard
Cr^Sw^rsi.k-sel.mr su- . Lot of 55 00, 57 50 and <fc 2 .50 Snow Flake Curtains .in. $ ,50 lof each kind. -—r; *?* ***
premacv 10 co Heavy jacke?s-now.. §1— beautiful coorings-per pair. *X — Men's French Percale and Madras , =====
Taffeta Glace, in two-toned stripes NN\ & Lot of $ 7 50, sio 00 and CQ.95 yard? 1* . iL, ~ 3 $2* 25 Colored Bosom Shirts, with separate -r-v T-». f-iM
and checks in all the newest color ,«g£§P 512 50 Heavy Warm Jackets. $3—3 — Fin- y nJriS d"; — link cuffs and tie to match—^n JJreSS XJindinO'
; effects-suitable tor waists or whole <5« Plain Plush Fur Trimmed C i 50 yaS? bv^B in.hfs 3 $2' 50 pillar price $1. ■ Special at 50c #% A-U«>2> XJUIUIUg.
, costumes. The best value you i- *& 14 00 Capes, now 3>* — rhMJni? T»wJ * r^'"/ — ' Men's Madras Golf Shirts, with ties t; X 100 dozen pieces of best quality
s^ai&TssK^Ss '/ A/ S£^~^^ --^-"sUfrisoc i^^ Er.'SST?
; Gros Grain Silk, new stylish • de- / Skirts, n0w.... •••• v^ / — m.h. 6,, ; 24 inch, 75c; 26 inch, Men ' s V Vool Fleeced Shirts and H Ss£l#ftWi ceedingly' low price per piece \2c
signs, medium anj large patterns, can- r.-^- I" <tL/ Eiderdown Dressing Saccues— a » l -°°- Drawers— all sizes— regular price $1 * SSfiiTT FW,
. not be duplicated for less than Si. 25 C 7/ i *T7&o varied assortment; some slightly, per garment Special at -7/r l^^Mil''/^/ ==z
yard. For the Jubilee Week. )»nnrte^ so^ very much soiled; most of them Handkerchiefs 10c. TBKTi=nBS=-^S Dress Lining
' — fffi v W\ perfect. Were 5150, $250, 53 5o *■ ianUKCICUICIS j-UC* Men's Heavy Natural Wool Draw- fTmlll >? DrP<?^ TtnJncy
22-inch Black Brocaded Satins an I* / and <5 00— your choice now «t ■ 00 : Scalloped. Embroidered Lawn Hand- ers (no shirts to match these)— regular Mllr^^ W urni b*
Gros Grain Silks— extra heavy, rich, • for <4>* — kerchiefs— slightly mussed from win- price 50c a pair. Special price ~)r Black Moire Taffeta Skirt Lining
lustrous quality— for skirls or Tailor Dresses— An assorted lot of 15, $18 and 520 dow display— choice patterns, Marie to close Z3C and gray and brown Herringbone
whole costumes— regular $1.50 1.25 Dresses; not many of a kind— your choice now <£Jfi.OO Antoinette style— worth 15c and g/\_ Men's Natural Wool and Merino Socks— regular m Stripe Taffeta— on special sale, «r\
quality. Jubilee Week sales.. -Pi — j for vDIU — . i6^c each. Special sale at lUC value 25c. Special at 3 pairs for SUC peryard *UC
WMM ] nhnts - °?f? f i fcs ~. Many Bargains in House Furnishing! Perfect Fitting Kid Gloves.
(• '-* V^ -Lingerie and Corsets* ' ° & tone A embr ide d e quality of Ladies' Kid Gloves with two-
ft. /(• than N Ye ne ha^- t n"Sne fi le\iPt a hem The lar § est s P ace m the cit y devoted to everything for the kitchen. These * one embroidered backs and three patent fasteners in all
WSSf^<^. than ve n hn-l -no' one se'us ?hem largest Space in the City deVOted tO everything for the kitchen. These popular street colorings, including black; perfect
S^Nn^ Cb *? per t an i endoevc,e n d0 evc , arS rices are unmatchable. Better glance over the list and see if you need anything here. '" fit A a Gen fi v n me h "R P ea r i &Ladi;V ; GYwe;"in\Vde"too^r"o7
BFll ' \'\\ Bood and the kind that is needed. ,X* ~< V 11 J J 5" in Grenoble, France, to sell at $1 50 a air ' for fin'
f-VJtiOXf ° l~l ~ 4 F ' eCeS $6506 50 f& <^^tr\ „ Very Heavy Tin ,t^r^ jO r y-^nsy— ■ ■< dress wear, in two new shades, for street and «v 125
10 ■ : '^tl< - \ i0r..^..... ff u — ll^i Combination Grater I L-!^ xC^?s> ~T[ |l| ' evening— per pair vj)l_
frta^X ' f Outfit No - 2~252 ~ 25 pleces $7- 50 t^ l^^^ VA^K —coarse, medium jggjU 1 <^^m?v\ FH 1 /^ Winter Gloves, fur tops, fleece lined, with patent
/ V *k\\ ' 0r..^... >¥ # — TV^^^*:^^ \ v$ and fine perforations r^~=^7 V^T" ■////?& iC'f Ijj clasps— for ladies, boys and misses— in brown and dark
f\\ V Outfit No. 3-31 Pieces $t0 00 V^ s ?*^ S=SS< -while the lot las^, &£.., ? XW///£f Wj M and tan only; the kind that retails regularly for -,00
: l \ for..^..- 4>^W — I^SaUW 'n&**\) each 20c Y///J) W h T^^ - IUU II 1 * $1.25 a pair-special at ..... SI' 00
\ Outfit No. 4-42 Pieces $ 25.00 !^4uS (C^ Two-quart Coffee K#S ~^ ~^ ~ ~
, n For Ladies' D-awer^-n^ombV^tm.o^ >>^. nS ~ R ° Vai fg g^t „« dozen" Suv'o Deep Cut in PriCeS
50C erv— 3 clusters of tucks above edging— reduced p^^Ta.t //' "^ Fi-v'^MnrV'p^ 1 VxM&\ Heaters— put them IllMlfllW O f EaStCHI BeCH
from 7 o:. Porcelain Salt £/ * Ename "^S £«fe on gas tixtures- «™«BBK^ Ot taStem bee^
-7/% For Ladies' Drawer" finest cambric deep embroid- Boxes, decorations Alcohol Stove, with Enamel lea Kettle {*•//#'•; £5 small consumers — FnniiUj* u4 1 C~I~~. - U *• -v 1- a
/UC cry riffl* ex'ra well made, cut wide— were 51. 10. in delft Hue, i- pint tea steeper, /ac fgttv? #?* Xc an hour heats Two-burner Val- tamilieS, HOtelS, Saloons, attention! *A
m,. For Ladies' Gown, 3 styles to select from— wide 48 c- complete 25c EEight-artm rt Royal «^-...^ good-sized room- iant Oil Stoves, Carload Celebrated Knickerbocker
SUC cut, full length, splendid muslin— were 75c. „ OL , Berl:n Kettle, with as long as they last wilh 4-inch wik _ > i\niLh(fruuuhtr.
nc - For Ladies' Gown— N. Y. Mills muslin, tucked Heavy Sheet Iron -^-^T>v cover - 50c 85c —this week.. ..92c BartholOmaV S Best BreW.
It C y Tt e nis Ul a t - > FnU' Ze^r e F,;S, tt , do uW , If &££ Qf^-n S^^!^!^^ » . Do« r Egz Bea«r S -on ly Rochester, New York. '
21SKSSrt^W1?rJSte3 cS33SS u*. «« Saab ss :, 2c ,X SKC!ir?JLS ! Guinnked m perfect condition-pale, rich
reduced from 5i.25. 8x13x7 inches— each Tin Coffee Pots, '&$£&)) . dild Creamy
<t <00 Tennis Gown— extra heavy flannel, choice pit- _*r^*^^^=s^ i-quart s ; z: 10c I Brass BirJ Cages— base Remiiar nri^ nw n ,, rt , c •1 *
$ I Sterns, wide collar, pearl buttons, trimmed ruffli f\ Ful size Japanned =^~^f^\ J, size Teaor "flf • / inches-heieht icu^ Re g u jarpnce per dozen quarts $2.35. Special for one
ruff ; length^6, 5 8or6oinches : alis:zes,redu;ej;romsi.so. Dust Pans 4c ,-A J C offe* Strainers. 5c IB" * hC ' ght Rer^^te'^^^^TT*, o"-.-."; S1 ' 95
Royal D.chess Corsets-none better-many not as Hardwood R \/ Good Chopping f L | lncnes 65c Regular P n.e per dozen pints Si. 55. Special for one
good— we have the short low bust style, the Cleopatra \|(Vv /f\\\ Shelf, with 43d- )te=====g2^ Knives : 5c ))\\ , ____ , D .. Recrninr nrV^'^V h"«"r "\"a'\ IT*i »~5>1.J0
girdle, the "high bust and short hip, the low bust d-0.00 \l^!f|^\\ justable shelves- / \ Iron Kni f c and //^\ Large slze Breeding Regu apr per barrel, 6 dozen quarts, $13.50. Spe-
and long hip : 51.50 to 4>J— V'KlfJsJ) can be lotted Into / . * \ Fork for the kitch- iIU) Cages, with cups and nests Ree' ar mice « k,?"'.*""",;"""";-";"" « Sll - 00
Fat^-rooms and experienced filters at your service.  small space,... .46c . <— 88a^ - en-set 10c V^IU complete. 85c g cial f0r^n?^week^i^:...?..?.!....f...11.^.. .^12.00
Fancy Neckwear* Furniture and Carpets* Glassware— Crockery Men's Suits and Overcoats. This
Some extra specials for this Not cheap furniture — but good furniture Special for two days mi,. Again our manufacturing facilities give us "^T^^v? Oortr
week's sale at the regular count- cheap. Cheaper than you've ever known Fur- Imitation Cut Glass O ive or t he opportunity to otter you some extraordinary jkWC"''W\ ZT
pr , nnH in «hp rntn nda niture to be before. We are ready to furnish Pickle Tray, pretty shape— for q rr - - "'""""' M V&S\?)ti il <tO 2/T
errand in .he rotunda. & mansion satisfactorilyl y Tuesday and Wednesday-each. »C values that never could be offered at any such U^j/ 4>Z*dt>*
tt?s tr m3de fr a om er se?e°c a ted fathers- F ° ldin g Bel for $8.75, oak finished with springs Worth half more). price if it was not that we are makers. The jkv-^^&X r E^ h r^ ay ,?f
rich 'black and extra full and fluffy. complete ;no w-izhts, no shutting up and big enough tor Highly GlazeJ American Pottery weavers of the fabrics sacrificed them. We make ' ' =^ pl?tu!if— Jffei
,?t%V^KLaiui two persons. Economies space. ■ Cuspidors in yellow, o ive or green- them up and put them on sale all this week ■ gong - haff- hour
lac, ends-an exceptionally good value pretty modern de- fOSf O^^f J^ Worth half mar/); I CONDITIONS. only-at.. $2^5 / \
at the sale price.. 50 C Each sign, like picture, p^ps a^W(r^^ . o, v I Satin Finish/ . \
, -•■ i the coverings satin (L I il H Mil I '» 24 on — Plush B g Quadruple Plate JU- J
Long Empire Scarfs of India Silk damask. ;' .;\U— J^JI ""^ «_jj "L, * tops, brass tram; I j rh /^\ >^ Cake Basket— like v^fesir^-^yS
asaMrjsK wj^^-^^j^s*- S^^ m "- r $9.65. il S««r^^
Liberty Silk Neck Ruches— in black _ 7 nis Solid sold, each... OOC 9I I at ...- oOC *C3m±
with pleited silk ends, reeuiar 52.00 £?^ —^ Oak Fvtpnsinn Worth doubt*). / W \ , ■ ZZ=Z=:
value, will be Cl-25 Farh -•- : 1K tXT £ nS '. On £*» V The Suits The Overcoats Underwear and
$l__ Each TrE^tjßr^Tr=^ , Dlning Table » The Suits The Overcoats Underwear and
- \.J £3 sßvVv/ <X large enough ■ TT • o 1
R1 ~TT r Rn/K'(R'S i r Bor pco ' 9* Arem3dtof 'ft «v S , BI^ KKerne oono r n - Hosiery Specials.
Blankets, Com- |jyg§ j ; ££$&$£ Three Specials in J& r!r s ,,T X " E^££ LAt 75c Each. .
forters, Towels, Do- f^^pfi |®S Fine Groceries (m '■'-"»" f^US « --« Kl|S#lSl
.. VQ O " M 51 1. SO, special a UIC VJrULCriCb* \^VI grades They / iV of tailors. white, natural gray and light tan,
meStICS. • p * this week at These for Tuesday and Wednesday V^fr are stylish pat- \ T > / They are sizes 2 8 to 42-njular price $« 00.
Some strong specials of unusual in- $8*75 ° n!y ' See the daily bulletin of spe- [yfj terns, in plaids \b i| j i^deed 2 "^ -" At $1.00 fcach.
terest to housekeepers. A hint of the * * cials in grocery display windows. T)i- |/ If and checks I*l H body else' has Ladies' lmported Swiss Ribbed Pure
doings in this department during the Fortunate For red Grocery Telephone South 59 . Re^tr I and stripes, / I a Coat at $12 Silk Vests, low neck.and no sleeves-
Jub! week. If super or qualities at * l Wi , .. • , \l/ m-^-t- .... j~ L_i-pJ that will mm- colors pink, blue, cream, lavender, Nile
low prices will command your trade, Ca.met BtiVCrs '"grocery deliveries at 9 : 5 0 Ji. (M., \\l made up in yftf that *'» co™ and cardinal-regular price $50
it's ours. V-arpei buyers. 1.30 and 4P. M. Special delivery if I single breasted %J \\U {hem Lined Ai-O^^TT t/
150 pairs full-size White Family The chance that placed in our hands 500 rolls of Tap- mctiiar^ \ i* sacks.the very \^\U with iron- -rh „/.„,. fin 7T .^ # m •
Bhnkets. pure Australian wool, wide "try Brussels at a nominal figure- the carpet that we ad- 10-oz. Electric Candles-120 Can- NJrf^ best we know T trame serge, V este P^tal-ts and D«ul!i .^'r^-
silk binding, pink or blue borders, vertised last week at 6sc the yard. We have had to add dies in a booc-regularly fi.io. For how to make French faced, .»« ' al3'-«a 13 '-« a"?a "?^ a fi^ "^' WW r J te
worth Snooper pair-this 0 0 more he in our workroom to enable us to lay the car- Tuesday and Wednesday only, Q ft_ them can promise you M nd , Seam , S double stitched. Slar price Toe to fso? lzes I& t0 34-r eg-
week . ... 4)7 pets sold, as promised. per box "UC lliCin - we can promise you Medium length and velvet uur price 40c to 50..
25 0 pair. Printed French Cambric We continue the sale one week longer. QOC Tapestry As fine* Prunes* as were' 'ever sold in " Pe " 6 " fit . ITL^I w^i^Sh^hSS At 40c Sllit - '
Bed Comforters, 72x84 inches, pure Brussels Carpets, with borders to match, superb fir - this market, 20 to 30 to the pound- tion - They are lined with are only 200 of he Over! Ladies' heavy fleece-lined Union
white filling, geometrical and fir. l tine of patterns, per yard O3C regularly 20c. Tuesday and tfi- serge, and there are just coats— and they ought to b- Suits, buttoned across the shoulders,
effects, worth $325 each— <t 750 The Finest Quality .Axmins'er Rugs size oxl2 feet Wednesday only, per Ib lOC 250 of them— in all sizes. gone in a day. " lo , n sleeves and ankle length, seams
on sale this week at *¥** — those thit reeulaxlv sell at S*o each mmv'nvlv ,W.nc \\t 1 c *v ~r -1 Tl . v * • ... a " covered; small, medium and extra
di v, v , in fhnn^Vnm th c .... t ;.1 ' y -V lns Wool Soap, the ioc size. Tuesday They are brand, new— just out of the workrooms— large sizes- colors ecru and mtini
500 dozen 20x40 Bleached Huck Jose .r, m, this ueek at he very gpedal ttlfi.oo and Wednesday only, 9 tor pa. never been shown-never had a price on them until now. gray-regular S 75c 3tUral
Towels.all pure imen, in plata white P"ce of SUC They will hereafter be our great leader at all times. gYa. %r 75 r> .
and white with blue or red bord-rs, . _ • & £\\ £3Q a PaiT
hemmed or fringed ends, reeuhrv Ladies' imported Hermsdor'* 81-c 1
225 pi?c*s Twilled 81-ached Crash, m S P &S fll IH a^B S- S^ W ME 8 3 H Kj Bli black with white sofes and^facfwUn
flax, regularly sold at 15c yard > 2.1Z pi Mta— .^ WtV "81 S^-**^ |S9 H fSk HV J" "B white feet — sizes Bto 10 — reduced
flax, regulariv sold at 15c yard > £ lC from 35c.
Km ■ m * ft] " ■*. it tf*«"«~«i" " *C>^ >^^^7^^-'<C^ • -. Ito 9^— reduced from 20c.
Klondike Obtf^raigJHQg^erything Needed at Lowest Price*
* * ■ * ■ ■ "' - - .-*.,. ■
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Laura G. Deiar.ey to Abraham Ruef, lot on
VW corner of Jackson and Octavia streets. X
€6-7 -W ■"■"• X I. W 35. S 7G:7, E 85: also inter
est 'in lot on XW corner of Jackson and Oc
tavia streets. X I*7*4. W 96. B 31:4. SE 11:21,.
S i«2:10V4. B 65; $10.
Abraham Huef to Ernestine Roos (wife of
Adolph). lot on X corner of Jackson street and
« corner of Octavia. X 127 :8 Vi, W 96. S 31:4,
SE 11:2^4. B S2:IOH. E 85; $10.
Hulda and Caspar Behrendt to Rachel Bchr
cndt, lot on X line of O'Farrell street. 112:6
Bof Lacuna. E26by X 123: $10. -
[■ dor and Minnie I. Levin to Anrlo-Cal
ifornlan Hank (Limited), lot on E line of Web
ster street, 91:6 S of Post. S 23 by E 113:6, quit
claim deed: $!■'.
Huph and 'Theresa Keenan to Owen and
Bridget Smith, lot on BW corner of Waller and
Cole streets. S2sby W M:44; $10. .
Harriet Mayer to Sophie, Marcaret II . John
F. and William Mayer, undivided quarter of
THE SAX FTJAXCTSCO CAM*, >fOM)AY, JAXUAEY 24, IS9B.
THE EMPORIUM.
lot on X line of Shotwell street.. 111:6 N of
Twenty-third, X 25 by i: 97:6: gltt.
Harriet Mayer to Sophie. Margaret H.. John
F. and William Mayer, undivided quarter of
lot on B line of Howard street. 361 :ii S of
Twenty-fifth. S 25:6 by E 115: Klft.
John T. Coleman to David C. Coleman. lot
on E line of Bryant avenue. 220 S of Twenty
fifth street. S 25 by E mO: $ 10. '. j■- -
Sarah Levin to AnKlo-Callfornlan Bank (Lim
ited), lot on X line of Sutler street. 57:6 E of
Grant avenue. E 20, X CO, E 20, X «0. \V 37-6
B SO. W 2:6. B 60; also Interest, ln estate of
Merer Wolff; $:,.
John Thomas M. Kelly to Isabella Kelly
lot on XE corner of Powell and Sacramento
streets. X 49:6 by E 56 to Miles: also lot on
corner of Sacramento and Miles streets, [; 66
by X 49:6: also lot on E line of De Haro street
133:4 S of Nevada. S 33:4 by X 100: Rift.
Estate of Edouard A. or Edward Auzerais
(by J. E. Auzerais, administrator) to William
Ede. lot on BW corner of Ellis and Powell
streets.. S it by W 75: $152,000.
San Francisco Land Company to Calvin K.
THE EMPORIUM.
I^angton. lot on NE corner of California street
and Seventh avenue. N 10S:3S. E 32-6 S
104:11^. W 32:8: JlO.
Moses J. and Julia Lyon to Rosa Lyon.' lot
on XV line of Fifteenth avenue, 129-3 X of
Clement street. X 100. W 103:4. SW .26 02 S
M.19. E 130: also lot on N line of Clement
street. 205 \V of Fifteenth avenue. N 204 .1. W
to point S 11 decrees 4> minutes. 21.':2. E 26:11:
alsn lot on N line of Roselyon street I" ■> W
Of Fifteenth avenue. N *4.18. S\V to Roselyon,
n to beginning; also let on F. line of Sixteenth
avenue. 154:3 N of Clement street. N* 26:11 by
E ISO: also lot on N corner of Clement street
and \V. corner of Fifteenth avenue. N 204-3 W
2-v.. B 204:3. B "0. X 104:3. E 25. S 104. E 130;
also lot 6. block .0. Excelsior Homestead Asso
ciation, to secure note and first party reserves
rl*rht to sell; H
Marie A. Narjot • (Dray) to Joseph E. Bier
and M. M. Regensburger. lot on W line of.
Fortieth avenue, 100 J> of D street X 125 by
W 120: no.
Marie De Bemardl to Leon De Bernard!, lot
247, Spring Valley Homestead Association; f6OO.
THE EMPORIUM.
Mary E. and Charles A. Hare to H. W.
Hillebrand. lot on N rorner of Eighth avenus
KDd M BtncC KB " by NW IS, block 139.
Central Park Homestead Association; 110.
George K. and f nrll H. Frlnk to Steward
Bunnejr, lot on N Hr.c of Felton (Henry) street,
60 W of University. W 30 by N Ml block Tl,
Railroad Avenue Extension Homestead; tlO.
fjlameda County.
T. W. William? to Laura L. Williams, lot
on E line of Louise strett. 125 S of Railroad
avenue. S 25 by E 125. block 496. Oakland.; gift.
Emily M. Bartholomew to Mury E. Phil
lips, lot on E corner of East Tenth street ami
Sixth avenue. SE 123. NE 10. SE 27, XE U, NW
150. SW 150 to beginning, block 20. Clinton.
East Oakland; $1".
Michael W. Maloney to P. H. Maloney. lot
on S line of Thirty-ninth street. 200 W of Tele
graph avenue. W 50. S 117:11. E 50:01. N 119.61
to beginning, lot 6. block 2071, map of estate
of John Kvoy. in plat 36. Oakland Annex; $iri.
James T. Boyd. trustee estate of A. G.
Stiles, to Harriet W. Blake, all Interest In lot
THE EMPORIUM.
on E line of First avenue, 150 N of Summer
street. N 37:6 by E tM, being portion of Locks
ley Square. Oakland Annex: $10.
Richard S. Plummer to William McLane. lots
14 and 15. Hager tract. Oakland Township; JIG.
Rebecca Wurts to M. L. Wurts. lot on W line
of San Pablo avenue. 305.53 S of Grayson street,
S 4V:6 by W 440, being the S % of lot 4. cor
rected map Border tract. Behkeiey: also lot on
NE line of E Ninth street. 33:4 SW of Fourth
avenue. NW 33:4 by NE 100. block 7. Clinton,
Kast < takiand: gift.
Ellen Wl!son to Ida A. Brown, lot 11, con
taining 5 acres, being a subdivision of Janr
Dutton 59.60 acre tract on amended map of
same tract. Brooklyn Township; gift
Antone U Furtado to Manuel de Levelra, lot
42 of Smith's subdivision of town of San Lean
dro, Eden Township; $400.
H. W. Bruning to Mathilda M. Munch, lot
on N line of Estabrook street, 400 W of Clarke
W 50 by N 150. lot 83, Hemme tract. Eden
Township, same: $300.
Same to Jurgen Hensen. lot on N line of
Estabrook street. 500 W of Clarke, W M by N
THE EMPORIUM.
150. being lot So, Hemme tract. Eden Township;
John H. Corr to Priscilla J. Dakes, lot on N
line of Eighteenth ptreet, 40 X of West E g
by N 50. Oakland; $10.
Charles A. and Alice C. Bailey to Amelia
Clark, lot on W line of Fifth street. !94 S of
Addlson, S 47 by W 125. being l,t 8, :,!..ck 107
trart B. Berkeley L, and T. Imp. Association!
Berkeley; $5.
A. and C. Leyton to M. A. Maline. lot 17,
block C, Moss tract. Brooklyn Township: $10
E. P. Card ami Nellie Armes to Michael
Egan. 3 acres on E line of Wntklns street, at
S\V corner S-acre tract of W. W. Warren by
deed of Juno !. 1574, NE 11. :a chains. NW2.TI
chains. SW 10.54 chains. SE 2. 88 chains to be
ginning, being portion of Estudillo or San
Leandrorancho. Eden Township; also 2 acres. in
E line ogf Watkins street at a point N\V 2 U
chains from S corner of 8-acre tract of W. W.
Warren, by deed of June 1. 1374, NW 2.07>j
chains. SE 1.96 chains. SW 10.54 chains to be
ginning, being portion or Estudlllo or San
Leandro rancho, Eden Township; $10
56
9% c v4Lii3K^Ciall
MONDAY JANUARY 24, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S f.
Telephone Main IS6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stree
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by roal!. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Rljifis House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay:
open until 9:30 o'clock. 339 Hayes street: open until
9:30 o'clock. 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street: open until 9:30 o'clocK
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets; open untl'
t o'clock- £518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
IC6 Eleventh st.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
epen until 9:30 o'clock- N w . corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
r.iv.win " The Girl From Paris."
California— Into Court."
Alcazar— "The Arabian Nltrhta."
Moroaco'fl "Brother for brother."
Tlvoll— "Brian Bern "
Orpheum Vaudeville.
The Chutm ( hlQutta and Vaudeville-
l-ybt'ck Cyclo Skating Rink— Optical Illusions.
Pacific Coa»t Jockey Club, Inrlesldo Racetrack— Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Baaton A EldrkV'*— Tills day. Jauuary 24. Turkish Rug's,
at 224 Slitter »tn at, at I anil 8 !• M.
By shainwa <i. Bi ekbee .v Co.— Tuesday, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at 21S Montgomery street at 12 o'clock.
BRILLIANT PROSPECTS CONTINUE.
1""HE improvement in trade already noted shows
DO signs of diminishing. Several lines are
lagging, but as a general thing the demand for
goods 1- heavier, factories are better employed and
the outlook is more satisfactory than for years. The
bank clearings of the whole country showed a gain
bust week of 361.5 per cent over the same week in 1897,
and the failures again fell off, being only 309, against
4-0 in ISO 7.
From no section of the country is business re
ported really dull. In fact, the distribution of mer
chandise and manufactured products is good every
where. The tendency in prices is steadily upward,
though do marked advances have been reported of
late. The railroad earnings thus far In January arc
10 per cent larger than during the same period in
1807, and exports of American products to foreign
countries are remarkably heavy. The iron trade.
winch has for years been accepted as one of the best
barometers of business, is enjoying a pronounced
boom. The demand for finished products is un
precedented, including 1,200,000 tons of steel rails
thus far this year, and the Pittsborg works are send
ing orders away to other concerns, being unable to
fill them. This extraordinary demand of course af
fects prices, which are firm in consequence. With
the exception of cotton, which continues dull, the in
dustrial situation is extremely gratifying. The woolen
trade is stimulated by higher prices for wool abroad,
owing chiefly to reports of a short yield, and the de
mand for clothing has been brisk for some time.
Wall street has lately been the weakest spot in the
country, as speculation in securities has been un
favorably affected by the Congressional agitation
over Cuba and silver, as well as by the political dis
turbances in Asia, which have rendered English in
vestors cautious in placing their funds. This cau
tion has indirectly affected American shares, of which
the F.nglish are the best and most frequent buyers.
At the close, however, more tone was exhibited by
the market, tor all American securities are inherently
strong and would probably be active were it not for
the disturbing political causes mentioned.
The cereal situation, while irregular, is rather firm
than otherwise. Shipments of corn to Russia and
F.^ypt, the very countries from wh?ch. next to the
United States, Europe draws the bulk of its sup
plies, have imparted considerable strength to grain
in general. Indeed, the exports of corn from the
United States have been remarkably heavy of late.
Prices have not fluctuated widely, but they have har
dened somewhat, and breadstuffs may be classed as
firm with a slight upward tendency.
The Pacific Coast is enjoying its share of the pros
perity. Trade is good all over the State. Dealers
in provisions say that they never before did so much
business in January- as now. The demand is for all
distributive points, from Alaska to the equator, and
it is expected that hams, bacon and lard will advance
in the near future. Hogs have already gone up and
are firm and in rather light supply at the advance.
Beef and mutton rule firm at the good prices. Hay
has again advanced; barley, oats and corn are quoted
higher, and every few days a rise in beans is re
ported. The deficiency in grass is giving more firm
ness to the butter market. Dried fruits are looking
up and prunes are quoted at a fractional advance, with
an improved demand for Eastern account. Prices
for wool, hops and hides are maintained, though all
of these lines are quiet. Merchandise is in good
movement, and rluctuations are few and generally
in the direction of higher prices. In fact, the ten
dency in everything is upward, just as it was down
ward a year or two ago.
The outlook for crops is still uncertain. Except
in one or two section of the State there is plenty
of moisture in tbe cr> und thus far. and the grain
crop is reported all right, though free rains in the
spring will be needed. Prospects for a good fruit
yield are excellent, as the long period of cold weather
has kept the fruitbnds back, thus minimizing the
danger from frost Liter on. As to the future of the
local grain-, q WC kept on the anxious seat
by the raj • -c weather, but the fact that there
has thus Ear been no sharp ri^e in prices is good evi
dence thai acy is feared at present.
In brief, wherever the eye is cast the commercial
outlook is cheering, and unless all signs fail we will
have one of the best years for the farmer and mer
chant that California has ever seen.
If the United States intends to keep up with the
times it must send a gunboat to Hayti to demand
indemnity for something. It may or may not have
a CMC, but this is not n ■ consideration. The rule
seems to be to but action upon the fact of having a
punboat.
The Supervisors say they have viewed many fen
ders and found few worthy. The public does not
care if there are only a few. One good one is all
it has been asking for.
Dole is reported to be talking about failure. With
out doubt he is doing so. His usual theme is an
nexation, and if tint isn't failure there isn't such a
thing.
THE DAY OF JUBILEE.
SAN FRANCISCO awakes this morning to ex
tend on behalf of California a welcome to all
who come to take part in the rejoicing of the
Golden Jubilee of the land of gold. The splendor
and accomplishment of fifty years of activity are be
fore the eyes of the visitors. The city is radiant
with colors, the streets are adorned with banners and
arches, and the people are buoyant, joyous and jubi
bnt All things tend to make the day the greatest
festival in our history and all things promise a week
of pleasure both to the citizen and the visitor.
It is a striking coincidence that the jubilee year of
the discovery of gold in California should find the
people <'f the United States excited by another gold
discovery on the Pacific Coast. By that fact the
public mind is brcught into perfect harmony with the
celebration. It is easy for us to understand the fer
\or of the Argonauts of '40 when we feel around us
the fervor of the eager adventurers who are pre
paring for the Klondike. The glamour of gold is
upon us to-day as it was upon our predecessors of a
half century ago, and we can celebrate with sym
pathy as well as with pride the discovery of that
wonderful nugget at Sutter's Mill.
The Call has done its share toward the celebration
by the publication yesterday of a grand special edi
tion devoted to the memory of the Argonauts, the
history of gold mining in California and the condi
tion of the industry at this time throughout the Pa
cific Coast from Alaska to Mexico. That edition
serves as an introduction to the week of jubilee and
to the mining fair that is to follow. This morning
The' Call has no more to do than to utter the general
voice of San Francisco in a cordial welcome to vi>i
tcis and a wisli of joy for all.
Through streets made gorgeous and glorious with
all forms of brilliant decoration, will move the stately
procession that with civic pomp will mark the pub
lic appreciation of what Marshall's discovery of gold
meant for California and the world. It will not be
forgotten that others before Marshall knew that gold
existed here. The merit of his discovery over their
knowledge, is that he made known what they kept
hidden. The moral is the advantage of publicity
over privacy, the benefit that comes from sharing
good fortune with the world at large.
This moral will be in our minds to-ctay. We have
a golden land; let us make it known. We have re
sources richer even than our gold fields: let us make
them known. We have a city superior to any other
on earth in natural advantages, in beauty of location,
in mildness of climate and splendor of possibilities:
let us make it and its glory known. We hold up
our city and our State to-day, as of old Marshall held
up the golden nugget, and invite the- world to share
the treasures and the prosperity they will yield to all
who rightly work for them.
In this spirit we welcome our visitors, and cele
brate the day. The accomplishments of the past are
the prophecies of the future. What we have done is
the guarantee of what we yet shall do. Our joy to
day is not wholly derived from memories of the by
gone fifty years. We rejoice also in the future,
whose prospects gleam along the horizon even more
golden than those that drew to California the brave
host of pioneers of '40.
A FREE PUBLIC MARKET.
ANEW step is to be taken in the movement to
bring about the establishment of a free public
market in this city, in accordance with the law
enacted at the last session of the Legislature. The
Board of Harbor Commissioners has formally in
vited the producers of perishable products who would
be benefited by such a market to appoint a perma
nent committee to co-operate with the board in ar
ranging for its establishment, and the San Fran
cisco Farmers' Club has called a convention of pro
ducers to meet in this city February .23. for the pur
pose of electing and instructing the proposed com
mittee.
When the movement for a free public market was
first undertaken it found almost universal approval.
It was generally recognized that the market would
be of great benefit to both the producers and the
consumers of fruit, vegetables and other perishable
articles of commerce, and the desirability of provid
ing it promptly was conceded. The more the sub
ject was discussed, however, the graver appeared the
difficulties in the way of establishing one that would
be adequate to the needs of the trade, and at last the
enterprise seemed so hopeless that the agitation was
temporarily suspended until plans feasible and prac
ticable should be put forward in its support.
The call now issued by the Farmers' Club of this
city and the renewal of the agitation give promise
that some definite plan, practical in its nature, has
been devised by the promoters of the scheme and
will be submitted to the producers' convention. In
the expectation of such a plan the public will await
the meeting of the convention with no little interest,
and will be ready to give approval and support to
any wisely directed movement toward the accomplish
ment of the desired object.
That San Francisco needs a free public market is
beyond question. It is equally unquestionable that the
producers of perishable products throughout the State
should have some means of selling their produce in
the metropolis of the State under conditions that will
enable them to get something like tTie real value of
their goods to the consumers of that market.
At the present time our trade in fruit, vegetables
and poultry products is done in the most expensive
and wasteful manner possible in a civilized commun
ity. The State produces vast quantities of fine fruit,
the climate renders a fruit diet agreeable and health
ful at all seasons of the year, the general prosperity
of the people enable'; them to pay fair prices for it,
but such is the inefficiency of our commercial sys
tem that large quantities of the fruit are wasted, tons
oi it being thrown away. While the producer hardly
receives a price sufficient to pay him for his labor
the average citizen finds the price fixed for the con
sumer so hich that he can hardly afford it as a luxury
much les« as a staple article of food.
No ordinary market place will serve the require
ments of a city so large as San Francisco, and a
trade so extensive as this. In that fact lies the dif
ficulty in the way of providing the market. All dif
hculties. however, can be overcome by wisely di
rected effort, and it is to be hoped something of the
kind can be assured by the Harbor Commissioners
and the committee of producers that is to be ap
pointed to assist them.
The Rev. Foute has destroyed an illusion. He
says the armor of the Merrimac was not composed
oi railroad iron, and having fought inside of it he
doubtless knows. But nobody can fail to experi
ence a pang of regret at letting that railroad-iron
story go.
The latest gentleman to report having been held up
by a footpad had. it appears, merely run against a
poker game. The two experiences do not of neces
sity differ widely. There are poker sharps who. be
coming footpads, would justly be regarded as having
partially reformed
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1898.
THE HONOR OF BEING DISLIKED.
IT may be K^thered from a casual reading of the
Los Angeles papers that their newly acquired habit
of disliking The Call grows apace. For this a
small measure of gratitude is due, and hereby ten
dered. One of the cheering possibilities of life v
that of winning the disapproval of rogues. We de
cline to take these papers seriously and, indeed, fai!
to sec reason why they should be taken at all.
One Los Angeles daily says virtuously that the
leading papers of that cit> are in favor of exposing
and punishing corruption. Then, why the row?
They should not regard their own corruption irr
niure, but rejoice that the way to lead a better liie
i^ being puinted out to them. There is naught of
malice in the assistance they are receiving from this
city. The Call would be glad to know that its seeth
ing contemporaries of the Southland had concluded
to become decent, and would hasten to commend
them. When they shall emerge from the serfdom in
which they are held by the water company, when
they shall begin to fight the battles of the people in
stead of doing the bidding of monopoly, and no
longer have occasion to hide their rascality by a
frothy clamor of words, not judiciously selected, these
facts shall be proclaimed. They shall be proclaimed
as freely as the unpleasant facts at present existing.
As to having "lost the respect" of Los Angeles' peo
ple we must decline to believe it. There are people
in that fair city neither holding' shares in the water
concern i;or accepting its bribes. The respect of
thc-e i> WO."th having.
Another paper remarks, we fear with something
approaching rancor, that no assistance was asked of
The Call. This is an error which tuny be ascribed
to a wrong point of view. Assistance was asked,
not by the robbers, but by the robbed. Tbt foot
pad engaged in thottling a wayfarer lot rnly does
not request the aid of the police, but resents the mere
presence of the police as a detriment and an impo
sition. Yet haled into court, the footpad would
hardly have the nerve to enlarge upon the circum
stance that the police had no business to interfere.
At least he could only have acquired such nerve by
a preliminary course of training on a Los Angeles
water organ. It is true that a paper is not officially
a police agent, yet any citizen has a right to arrest a
criminal caught in the act.
One of the writhing victims of exposure laments
that The Call is simply rotten. The expression lacks
elegance. Neither does the important element of
truth lend to it a benign and redeeming presence.
However, it is quoted to show that decayed journal
ist!., nipped by the frost of fact, is sloughing vigor
ously and imagines its own taint to have got into
general circulation. '
In justice to the Los Angeles Record it must be
Bftid that it is not included among the papers that
the water company is running. Particular refer
ence has been intended to the Herald. Times and
Fxi'i-ess, a three-headed corruption suffering from
water on its several brains.
SURVEYING AT NICARAGUA.
REPORTS from Nicaragua concerning the work
of the Canal Commission do not give encour
agement to any hope of speedy action. The
Commissioners, it is said, have decided to ignore the
work of the commission of 1895 altogether and to
make a complete survey of their own. This is per
haps the best course to pursue, but it is further an-
nounced that the new commission will take a longer
time than the former one in making surveys, and that
apparently means an indefinite delay.
To make the matter worse the season has been un
favorable to any kind of survey work along the route.
It is announced that heavy rainfalls have interfered
with the progress of the workers, and on one occa
sion the Newport, with a number of laborers aboard,
was kept from landing for three days, and was finally
compelled to seek safety in a port thirty miles dis
tant from the point where the landing was to have
beet* made.
It is further reported that as a result of the survey
thus far accomplished the commission may recom
mend a change in the proposed location of the en
trance of the canal. This threatens a further
complication, as the suggested recommendations
would rai?e a dispute with the engineers who selected
the original site for the entrance, as well as with the
commission of 1895. which also had its own ideas
where the entrance should be fixed.
In the meantime it has been announced that a
group of capitalists, including the contractors who
cons#ucted the Chicago drainage canal, have sent a
surveying party of their own to go over the Nicar
agua route and estimate the possibility of construct
ing it by private enterprise. It is said that Chief En
gineer Coolie, of drainage canal fame, has expressed
the conviction that the Nicaragua canal can be com
pleted at a cost not exceeding $25,000,000.
The constructors of the Chicago drainage canal
have had more experience in canal work with im
proved mechanical appliances than any other set of
men in the world. They completed the Chicago
canal at a cost much less than the original estimate,
thereby breaking the record of large municipal enter
prises. They know what modern science, mechanism
and explosives can do in the way of blasting rock,
dredging rivers, removing earth and building em
bankments, and how superior the implements and
methods used at Chicago are to those used at the
Suez canal or at Panama.
It has been asserted all along that the Nicaragua
canal would cost from $80,000,000 to $100,000,000. and
much of the opposition to the enterprise has been due
to a dislike to have the Government guarantee the
bonds of the company Tor «o large a sum. If the
Chicago contractors offer to do the work for $?-.000.
000. or even for double th.it si:m. there will be a
greater willingness on the part of Congress to tinder
take it. Under the circumstances the country will
wait for the reports of the two surveying parties with
a great deal of interest, and it i* to be hoped neither
of them will be long delayed.
11. \V. Patton is not winning the regard of the
water company's papers at Los Angeles. As bitter
as this may be. there is even.- reason to believe the
experience does not come as a surprise to Mr. Patton.
When a man yells "thief and displays the evidence
that he knows what he is talking about, the thief
seldom pauses in his career to express a ser.se of ad
miration and gratitude.
There is unnecessary distress unless war come upon
the lar.d and find the Government's stock of powder
small. There is a large quantity of powder in pri
vate hands, and rather than be licked by a foreign
toe Uncle Sam wouid doubtless go to the length of
buying some of this.
Two young men in lilinois. having been walloped
by their school teacher, waylaid him and beat him
if death. Day by day the problem of education in
this country presents new difficulties.
Perhaps the declaration of Brazil that it is pleased
with Bryan for Minister grows out of an idea that he
is another Bryan.
SIGHTS AND SENSATIONS AT THE PLAY
BY ASHTON STEVENS
ABOVE and beyond the uninspired
idiocy of John J. MeNally "Court
ed Into Court" is blessed by the
personality <>f Marie Dressier.
There is hope and consolation in
Miss Dressier; it is good to know that
she i 3 in the land. In case anything
ever should happr-n to May Irwin we
have Marie Dressier to fall bark on.
Not that things are likely to happen
to May Irwln'B sensational health — not
that! — but she might some day take it
into her genial head to retire; she
might — who knows what these good
natured women will do? — marry her
self to some proud prince who could
not bear to see her work: or she might
stay away from San Francisco alto
gether. It has been a long time since
Miss Irwin westward hoed, and there
is nothing In our immediate horoscope
to point her on the way. New York,
you know, finally has "discovered"
May Irwin. She can stay there now all
the year round with any old kind of a
piece and nothing to do but work night
in and night out, with never a care of
transportation or advance agents and
grow stouter and richer while we wait.
Miss Dressier mak< s hope deferred en
durable. She is nil but May Irwin and
a magnetic considerable of her own be
sides.
• » •
ACCORDING to the cant supersti
tions about beauty that commoniy ob-
MISS DRESSLER fIND MR. RICE.
tain Marie Dressier is not beautiful.
But she has a fascinating way of being
plain; in her physiognomy there ife
something of a homely Hading, and
she shows all the warm, womanly cor
diality that Hading— if she has any at
all — conceals under a mask of snow.
Also she is probably a better McN'ally
farce-comedienne than her contempo
rary of the Comedie Francaise. Have
you heard Marie Dressier sing? Her
voice is the superlative of plump joy;
it has the real essence, the snuff-col
ored tone, the just-throw-myself-away
quality that finds the true temper of
the modern coon song. Her "Ram-a-
Jam, I Want That Man" is the most
momentous Amerioo-Ethiuplc songr
burst that has happened here since
May Irwin sang "The New Bully."
• • *
I WONDER if Miss Dressier has the
same attraction for women that she
has fcrr men. Possibly not. She is the
most popular person, from the mascu
line estimate, that 1 have seen in four
teen months. All the men about the
town are intoning her praises. I have
heard but one woman mention the mat
ter—and then It was to say she thought
Miss Dressier a trifle bumptious and
rough. Never mind about the rough
ness, but the bumptiousness I admit*
there Is no word which better than that
describes the physical attributes of this
large unique young woman. She Is
bumptious to be lovable. She revels in a
vast clumsy grace that is vivid, personal
and magnetic: she deals in a sort of
convivial hypnotism that is Immediate
and fatal. But she is as gentle as a
man. You. If you are a woman, may
not consider it gentle in Miss Dressier
to lift Mr. Lyon by the scragg: of the
neck and Joust him against the floor
and poke him in the waistcoat and
titillate him on the solar plexus— but I.
who can feel the 'fluence of this Brun
hilda of MeNally, know that these are
mere and monetary concessions to a
depraved play writer — episodes In
which the artist's physique Is imposed
upon by an acrobatic author. You may
not think that Mr. Lyon deserves his
share of this scrimmage, either: you
would, perhaps, prefer to see Mr. Rice
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
John Noble, a mining man of Boise
City, is at the Baldwin with his wife.
E. E. Bisrgs. a prominent banker of
Gridley is staying at the' Grand.
A. Tor^y. a ' Boston business
circles, is at the Occidental with Mrs.
Torey.
James F. Fare^h-T. ore of the best
liked and most public spirited citizens of
Yreka, is a guest at the Palace.
Brigadier Genera! M. \Y. Muller of
Fresno has arrived at the California with
hi^ staff, to take part in the parade. Mrs.
BfoQar accompanies her husband.
.' M. R. Price, a large fruit grower of
Fresno. Is among those who have regis
tered at the Occidental, while visiting the
city to witness the Golden Jubilee. -
E. T. Stinson. son of T. D. Stinson. the
Los Angeles millionaire, can be found at
the Baldwin durir.g the next few days.
A. J. Hinds, a large real estate man of
Santa Cru*. is at the Grand with Mrs.
Hinds.
A. Ogd?n. a wealthy mine owner of So
nora. registered at the Occidental.
L. W. Burrill, one of the big merchants
of Santa Rosa, is at the Baldwin.
General J. W. B. Montgomery, a prom
inent politician of Chico, is staying at the
Grand.
F. A. Cuttler. a prominent attorney of
Eureka Humboldt County, is In town.
held up to the scorn of this Juno's
strength. So would I. But Mr. Rice is,
on the contrary, kissed — yes, kissed by
Miss Dressier. It is not a Nethersolean
kiss; there is nothing tumultuous,
throbbing, scorching, stifling about it;
It is a plain, slew — I have to confess It
Is slow — business-like salute with a
Fmaek at the parting that Miss Dress
ier indents upon the osculatory feature
of Mr. Rice. Unworthy Rice! You may
see where the caress has left its seal.
Mr. Rice's lips were a flattened pout, a
ripe red spot glows between the diverg
ing points of his mustaches — and that
is where he has been kissed. Twice
blessed and twice unworthy Rice! It
has been his specialty to be kissed by
the two most accomplished kissers in
the profession. He has been kissed into
fame, nectarized into notoriety. First
It was May Irwin — she had themselves
kinetoscoped In the act: it was called
the May Irwin kiss and was patented
and copyrighted by photographers and
kinetoscopers and could be seen for a
nickel in the slot. Now it is Marie
Dressier who kisses Mr. Rice. I ask
anybody if there is anything in this
Mr. Rice which deserves the double dis
tinction?
• • •
MR. JOE!! C. RICE has fluent legs
and a fair command of dialect, but he
is not an attractive personality. There
is in his manner and his voice some
thing which sets a pace in the admira
tion of Rice that no one else can keep
up with; and his very limberness sug
gests the epicene mister of the French
ballet. Mr. Rice is not in tune with the
healthy rest of the company. As fine
a company, by the way. as ever was
wantoned on a McXally farce. John
G. Sparks hasn't his usual much to do
this time.but what there is of the Irish
man he plays with a legitimacy and
comic seriousness that are unapproach
able. Jaques Kruger, too, does a Har
riganesque study of a toper that is
limited only by the fragmentary possi
bilities of the part, and little Miss Sallie
Cohen sings a tidy note and plays at
being Miss Dressler's servitor-cousin
with a surprising degree " naturalness.
An odd bit of grotesquerie. at this time
of day, is Oscar Figman's dude; he car
ries me back to the old farce-comedy
days at the Bush-street Theater, where
nearly every show had its spider-legged
dude, with wonderful skin-fitting: trous
- im satanio shoes and foolish low
crowned hat. Mr. Firman's pantomime
is weird and funny: he is altogether
astonishingly successful— but I should
hate to think of this once-departed
caricature as loose again with any
probability of permanence.
• • •
PIXCE "The First Born." one never
knows what will lie in a new piece at
the Alcazar. I was easily lured by the
announcement of "an original pathetic
play in one act." written by Frederic
Paulding. In the present invasion of
farce it would be a luxury to weep a
tear or two; it would perhaps reconcile
us to the immediate future, which is to
consist of more farce. But there were
no sweet tears at the Alcazar last week.
"A Mir.'s Love" is damp and mushy
enough. but it is not pathetic, according
to the pathos thai is pledged in the bill
I cannot see where a man of Mr. Pauld
tng's experience found the nerve to ex
pose It in the theater. And his acting
of the principal part would not have
been countenanced by any stage man
ager other than •himself.
Mr. Pettier ts a prominent member of the
Native S"ns' order.
"Perhaps It is
the crowds on
the street that
CUM us to be
come more
SHE
FOOLED THE
PASSENGERS.
weary when our
day's tramp'ng
. ii. is over, or may
be in losing our provincialism and be
coming more like our Eastern brothers
t, ft «', wise losJ ns that gallantry
which has always been distinctive of the
wild, rough and untutored "West.' 1 said
a gentleman in the California yesterday
who ha 3 come down to the city to wit
ness the Jubilee Jubilation
"Whatever the cause. I notice that
7* 5 If 6 " owded cars start homeward
F I ,t, t i iepe is no more of that old
Chcsterfleldan offering to a woman a
seat, that was once so common.
•My daughter has a chum llvin out
on Pacific avenue who has sprained her
ankle, and who is forced to use crutches.
The other evening my little girl started
out to spend the night with her friend
carrying a crutch that had been left
down town for repairs.
"Along came a Sinter-street car. crowd
ed to the doors with standing femininity,
while the seats were occupied by great
big men % But as soon as an apparition
came hoobling in on crutches they fell
over each other trying to give her a seat.
She took one with ; many thanks ' and
the donor swelled out his chest,, while a
pleased expression of conscious right-do
-7Hi~spread over his features. Tfii~^f:
nrtS «ion, however, gave place to one of
•in entirely different character when the
ear reached Webster street and my
young lady took her crutch under her
arm and jumping off the car walked
away on two perfectly sound anu shapely
legs." .
Captain Charles Podge. U. S. A., and
wife are at the Occidental
Dr k Anderson, a prominent physi cfan
of Petaluma, is at the Grand.
State Senator A. F. Jones of Oroviiie i a
staying at the Palace.
Mrs John Sparks of Reno. Nevada, has
come down with h«r family to witn PS3
the Jubilee celebration. They are at the
Occidental.
Major Frank Ryan. N. G. C, is regis
tered at the California from Sacramento.
F A Nash and W. S. McCormick, two
wealthy bankers of Salt Lake, are stay
ing at the Palace.
W. H. Cleary, a well-known resident of
Stockton, is at the Lick.
J. J. Nagle, one of Sacramento's lead
ing citizens, is at the California with his
wife.
C. F. Titus, the proprietor of the Golden
Eagle Hotel at Sacramento, and C. G. H.
Mcßride. a capitalist of San Jose, are
two Jubilee visitors registered at the
Palace.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Jan 23.— Mrs. Dr. S. E.
Hall and Mrs. J. M. Boalt of San Fran
cisco are at the Rlggs House.
NEWS OF FOREIGN NAVIES.
A batle-ship of BSSO tons in course of
construction at Nicolaiff, In the Black
Be*, has received the formidable name of
Prince Potemkin Tavrlcheski.
Since IR9O Great Britain has built 199
vessels of 690.523 tons for the navy. Of
these 63 of 374,375 tons were built in the
dockyards, and 136 of 316,148 tons were
built in private yards.
Two armored cruisers of 7700 tons have
been ordered at St. Nazaire and Bordeaux
for the French navy. They will be 433
feet 4 inches in length, by 59 feet 4 Inches
in beam, and are to have triple screws
and a speed-, of twenty-one knots. Their
armament of twenty-six guns will be en
tirely of the rapid-fire type.
The Petropolawsk, turret battle-ship of
the Russian Baltic fleet, has had an un
successful trial . her engines falling short IS3
horsepower in the guarantee of 10,600. The
engines were built in England, and the
contractors have been notified to make
such changes in the machinery as will
develop the requisite power and to have
another trial of the ship.
The Proserpine, third-class cruiser, Is to
be completed by June 30. She is one of
a class of eleven in course of construction
for the British navy, and was launched
at Sheerness December 5, 1596. These
vesels are of 2135 tons displacement and
are to develop 5000 horsepower and 18.5
knots under natural draught, and 7000
horsepower and 20 knots under forced
draught. Both hull and engines were
built at dockyards, but the ship is to un
dergo trials similar to those to which con
tract-built ships and engines are sub
jected. The battery consists of eight
4-inch quick-firing guns, eight 3-pound
ers and three Maxim machine-guns.
Two drydocks at the Portsmouth dock
yard have just been completed. They are
known as Xos. 14 and 15, and the folowing
are the dimensions and data of No. 14:
Length extreme at copings "63 feet
Length on flocr 550 feet
Width extreme at top 120 feet
Width on floor , 75 feet
Depth from top to floor 43 feet 6 Inches
Width"of entrance S2 feet
Water over sill 33 feet 10 Inches
Capacity In gallons 12,621.000
Dock 15 is of like dimensions, except the
entrance, which is 94 feet wide. The work
of building these docks has been accom
plished in less than two years, and upon
its completion the Government showed its
appreciation of the services of the engi
neer in charge by promoting him.
One great defect in most of tho iar<?
French war vessels is their limited coal
supply, especially the armored ships. The
armored cruiser Amiral Pothuau. recently
commissioned, is of 5360 tons displacement
and has a normal cop.l Funply of only SSS
tons. The Eruix. of 4754 tons, carries only
406 tons; the Charlemagne, of 11,275 tons.
M tons of coal; the Massena. 11,924 tons,
only 630 tons, and so on through -.he
whole list. Everything has been sacrificed
to get protection and abnormally heavy
armament. In the first -American battle
ships the same defect existed; but in th.3
Alabama. Illinois and Wisconsin, of HJ535
tons displacement, the normal coal supply
is SOO tons on 25 feet maximum draught,
whereas the Indiana. Massachusetts and
Oregon, on a displacement of 10.288 tons
on S feet draught aft, carry only 400 tons
of coal.
THE PLETHORA OF MONEY.
Philadelphia Record.
One cause of the plethora of money in
the Eastern banks is the large payments
of mortgage indebtedness which have
been made by land-ownors in the Western
States. Money accumulating in conse
quence of such liquidation is not a source
of alarm. It is not ..ie result of stagna
tion nor of fear, but of temporary «^.fetv
It will encourage undertakings "and in
vestments in the future which but for
the tase of the money market would net
be ventured upon.
Cal. gla.ce fruit 50c oerib at Townsend'a.*
Pr^clal information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
A member of the Board of Regents of
the University of Michitran denies the re
port that Minister Angel! will soon return
from Turkey to resume the presidency of
the university. Harry L. Hutchins. who
baa been acting president, will probably
be elected to the office permanently.
Asthma and Bronchitis cure Guaranteed Dr.
Gordlns Sanitarium. GM Pine. nr. Kearay, S F.,Cal
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothlnft Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while . Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softens
the pirns, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic. re»
u'at^s the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas. ■ whether arising from teething or
other causes. For pale by Dmjrgists In erery
part of . the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Wlaslcw's Soothing Syrup. r.'o a bottle.
COKOXADO.— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, belnsr entirely free from thj
mists common further ; " north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen days*
beard at the Hotel del Coroaado, $65: longer
stay, $2 50 per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street. San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mica
ger. Hotel M Coronado, late of Hotel Colo
rado. Glsnwood Springs, Colorado.
Absent-minded Prof essor— Delighted to
meet you a^ain after so many years
Miss. —
Elderly Lady— No longer miss, profes
sor—l am married.
Professor— Married! Well. well, -who
■would have thought that — R.- Horn.
NEW TO-DAY.
Royal Baking
Powder is the
greatest health
saver of the
century.CAUSED THE
ARREST OF
HIS WIFE
Mrs. Dora Albright
Charged With Be
ing Drunk.
An Attractive and Well-
Dressed Woman Is
Thrown in Jail.
Locked Up in a Cell With Sev
eral Petty Thieves and
Vagrants.
ACCUSED BY HER HUSBAND
He Gets Her Into an Intoxicated Con
dition and Then a
Policeman.
A rather prepoeessing, well dressed
■woman was arrested last night and
charged at the city prison with being
drunk. Amid tears she begged Desk
ant Brown not to cast her in a
eel! as she had never been arrested be
fore. The woman gave her name as
Mrs. Dora Albright.
"My husband got me drunk." she
tearfully declared, 'and then had me
arrested."
In answer to the questions of the
sergeant the fair prisoner said she was
married several years ago to George
Albright, a roofer.
"We could not agree," she remarked,
"and I was forced to leave him. Yes
terday afternoon I met him or Market
street and he took me to a French res
taurant on Ciay street. He induced me
to drink a bottle of wine, and after
feeling its effects I begged him to take
me home. Instead of complying with
my wishes he took me out of the res
taurant and meeting a policeman he
told him t'"> arrest me for drunkenness.
I pleaded with the officer not to ai
me. although I admitted to him that
I was under the influence of liquor.
My husband stood by, apparently en
joying my discomfiture. He ordered
iliceman to arrest me and prom
to appear at my trial if neces
sary. As the patrol wagon drove up
were standing my hus
band assisted the officer in placing me
In :t."
Touched by her tearful appeal Judge
Campbell, who stood listening to the
Fad story instructed the d?k sergeant
to release her as soon as she recovered
from the effects of the liquor.
A friend who heard of her arrest
subsequently visited the prison and
offered to furnish any amount of money
t'i secure the release of the unfortunate
woman. He claimed he was rela.l
her and severely criticized her husband.
PREACHES OF DUTY.
Fatber BurKbard Points Out the ,
Strength of Unity in Re
ligious Offerings.
The Rev. Fther Burkhard of the So
ciety of Jesos addressed the members nf
the Sodality of the Immaculate Concep
tion, at their regular meeting yesterday
morning in the students' chapel in St.
Ignatius Church, on the subject of the
ir.p-Itution of such a sodality and the du
ties implied in its individual members.
Rrfr-rring to the feast of the day. "The
Holy Family.'' he pointed out to the boys
why this family is set up as a model to
all Christian families, briefly showing
that it was the virtue they practiced and
the pure lives which th--y lived. He said
the Sodality of the Blessed Virgin was a.
holy family, where Its members strove by
filial devotion to please her divine son
and combat the snares of the devil and
the seductions of the world. To accom
plish this two-fold blessing alone he
claimed was almost impossible; but be
ing united as they were in a sodality,
where the prayers said in common bene
fited each member, a"nd where the en
tire body was under the protection of the
•d Virgin, it made itpossibletowith
stand the ravages of sin from making
rapid Inroads into the eoul thereby caus
ing its damnation.
The sodality at present numbers about
200 members. From this membership
have been chosen the following boys to
act as the governing influence of the so
dality: Prefect, 6. G. Fox; first assist
ant. Percy Henessy; second assistant,
Henry Fanning; secretary. Leo Lennon;
treasurer. W. Breen; censor of first di
vision. Walter Williams; censor of sec
ond division. Ed. O'Day; censor of third
division. H. McCarthy; censor of fourth
division. H. Hussy; organist. Achille
Artigues; choir director. Fred. New
r; assistant choir director, Thomas
McCurdy; first marshal. John <~'arrigan;
second marshal, William P. Barry; sac
ristan. Leo W. Simpson; first assistant
sacristan. Ed. Carberry: second I
ant. Joseph Madden, and librarians, John
Hoey and F. Dutton.
The sodality will hold regular weekly
meetings on Sunday morni: -
o'clock in students' chapel. Father Burk
hard will preach at hitrh mass next Sun
day morning on the subject of faith.
Accidentally Shot.
Otto Bramesdorff, who lives at GIB Har
rison street and who is employed in the
Western Sugar Refinery, was phot in the
right eye yesterday afternoon while
shooting small birds near Point R
The shot was nearly spent, or it is prob
able the wound would have been even
more serious. He was treated in
by Dr. C'avanagh and afterward removed
to the G-rman Hospital in this city. It Is
thought the eyesight can be saved, al
thoufc;-'- edlngiy painful.
"I am very much surprised to hear
that they are married. I thought he
was merely fiirtins with her."
"He thought bo, too."
NEW TO-DAY.
SALT
RHEUM
Most torturing and disfiguring of itching,
burning, scaly skin and scalp humors is in-
ctantly relieved by a warm bath with Ccti-
ccka Soap, a single application of CtmccKA
(ointment), the great »kin cure, and a fall dose
of S^F IKVnA Kes,,,.vf.xt, greatest; of blood
purifiers and humor cures, when all else fails.
(ytiGiira
■gkM* the worM. Pnrm I>«c« tn Ch«m.
%*,&., J-n>p»^ Bo.v». « How to Con Salt Ehtum.- free.
FALL! MS H£iß «»plTF»o*«. **•"■ BVTBl'chei,
** W - 1 * 111 "Mill Cured bjCLrKcudo**.
SAD END TO
A HONEYMOON
E. H.Seaver of Santa Cruz
Locked Up in a
Padded Cell.
He Was Married in Siskiyou
County a Month Ago to
Pretty Ida Reid.
The Fact That He Kept His Wedding a
Secret From His Mother Drove
Him Insane-
The honeymoon of E. H. Seaver and
his young wife has been brought to an
abrupt termination by the Insanity of
the groom, who la now confined In a
padded cell In the Receiving Hospital.
The story is a cad one. Beaver about
a year ago, while on a visit to Slskiyou
County, met and fell In love with Ida
Reid, the daughter of a well-to-do
rancher. He remained there for a few
months and when he returned to his
home In Santa Cruz he was the ac
cepted suitor of Ida. Last month he
again paid a visit 'to Slskiyou County
and the day before Christmas he and
Ida were married.
After the ceremony they left for Be
nicia, where they spent a few days
with a friend of Seaver's, and then
they came to this city and engaged
rooms at 17 Sixth street.
There was one little cloud on their
happiness and it seemed to worry Sea
ver. He told his wife after they came
to this city that his mother did not
know of their marriage and he was
afraid she might cause trouble. He
worried continually about what his
mother would nay until he began to
act queeriy. Saturday he insisted up
on keeping the window blinds in their
room down and when his wife asked
for an explanation he said a man was
coming to hang him because he had
I ild his mother that he was going
to get marri- J.
Yesterday morning he acted in such
a strange manner that the landlady of
the house advised Mrs. Seaver to com
municate with the police. She did so
and Seaver was taken to the City
Prison. When searched $311 50 was
found in his pockets and he said that
a friend had a number of notes be
longing- to him in his possession on
which he was drawing interest. As it
was evident that his mind was un
balanced he was sent to the Receiving
Hospital and locked up in a padded
cell.
Mrs. Heaver, who is only a girl in
years, called upon Chief Lees and the
chief sent a dispatch to h^r father ex
plaining the circumstances and ur^insr
him to come to the city to look
his daughter and son-in-law. Detective
Anthony was detailed to see that the
young wife was properly taken care
of till the arrival of her father. Th^
poor girl was heartbroken over the sad
ending to their honeymoon. Seaver
will be taken before the Insanity Com
missioners to-morrow morning.
REMEMBERED BY
THE CHINESE
Ex-Chief Crowley Presented
With a Beautiful Silk Em
broidered Banner.
The Token Accompanied With an
Address Eulogizing the Veteran for
His Able Administration.
Ex-Chief of PoHoc Cruwley was plea=
ant'.y surprised Saturday night, when four
of the leading Chinese merchants, accom
panied by the vice-consul, called at his
house on Sacratnentu Street find pr
ed him with a beautiful silk banner suit
ably Inscribed in Chinese characters and
and address, which reads as follows, and
explains It!
"The leading Chinese merchants here
have instructed me to present to you, in
their behalf, a gold and silk embroidered
banner as a token of their respect for you
and your able administration of affairs as
Chief of Police during the last twenty
four years or so. During your twenty
four years of faithful and splendid ser
vice to the public, especially the Chinese
community, there was not a sign of dis
satisfaction among them about your te
dious and difficult work. And when your
resignation was announced every con
scientious Chinaman felt with sorrow the
loss of an able, honest and faithful pro
tector and friend. The American public,
too. must have felt the loss greatly. No
matter where you may be and what you
do. you shall always control the Chinese
sympathy and that their constant wish
and prayer will always be for your sound
health and well-being. It is with the ut
most pleasure and respect that I hereby
hand you over this banner on behalf of
the Chinese community. I beg to remain,
with our highest regards and considera
tion, yours respectfully, HO TOW,
"Chinese Vice-Consul."
The reason for the delay in making the
presentation was that the banner was ex
pressly manufactured in China and only
arrived a few days ago.
"The Nc;c£S:ty of Capital Punishment."
Oliver C. Miller, pastor of the Church
of the Holy Spirit. 2127 Jackson street,
made that his theme at the •vealat
vice. His test was from Gen. ix:6: "Who
so sheddeth man's blood, by man shall
his blood be shed: for in the image of
Qod made he man." The speaker said in
part:
"These are God's own words spoken to
Noah in his covenant after the deluge,
an<l they have | We
find them confirmed In the covenant made
with Moses nearly a thousand rears, later,
in these word*: 'He that smiteth a man
so that h' |y put to
death.' And still later in Leviticus »>
'He that Idlletta any man shall
surely b<: put to death.' The sum>- testi
mony is confirmed by our Savior, who be
gan his teaching as a rabbi sent from God
with the declaration that he came not to
destroy, but to fulfill the law and the
prophets. When he took the place of all
murderers and criminals to the end <>f
time, we hear him pray the Father as the
cup of death was set before him. 'O. my
Father, if it be possible, iet this cop
from m*.-; nevertheless, not a* I will, but
as thou wilt.' But it was not possible, for
Divine Justice demanded that he who
took the sinner's place must suffer the
sinner's penalty; the wages of sin being
death. To the question. 'Are murderers
or other condemned criminals saved?" we
answer. 'Yes.' if they sincerely repent and
c in the Lord. Christ saves the»mur
throogh the gallows, not from it.
The demands of justice must be satisfied,
even if Chftat most be manifest in th«»
building of the gallows* ami nerving the
hand of the hangman. All the talk of
banishing capital punishment is not th^
resuit of true humane feeling, but a mor
bid sentiment that in the end is inhuman
because it throws down the safeguards
the Creator placed about the lives of his
creatures.
The Great Leader of Champagnes.
72.775 cases Imported In 1897, or 42.253 cases
more than any ither brand, is best evidence
that G. H. Mumm's Extra Dry iB appreciated
- remarkable quality, purity and natural
drynefie. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, IS9B.
BOREAS AGAINST
THE BULLSEYE
Shooting at Shell Mound
Under Natural Dis
advantages.
However, the World's Pistol
Record Was Beaten by
J. E. Gorman.
Unusually Low Scores on Account
of the Prevailing Wind and
Cold.
The knights of the trigger and target
had very unfavorable natural condi
tions to work against yesterday, a
strong wind and a decidedly coid at
mosphere making good scores difficult
for all and impossible for most of the
marksmen. The leading clubs were
represented, but there were fewer par
ticipants in the various contests than
there would have been had the weather
been more auspicious for the trials of
the marksman's 6kill. As a natural
consequence of existing conditions the
scores were unusually low, and many a
crack shot grumbled at the showing he
made and got what small satisfaction
he could by taking it out on the
weather.
But If the scores in general were poor
there was some shooting; done which
rendered the day notable in the annals
of the Columbia Pistol and Rifle Club.
This was the pistol shooting of J. K.
Gorman, who made a fifty-yard ten-
Bhot score of 29 as follows: 3-3-5-4-4-4
3-1-1-1. In points this ties the world's
record score of 29 made by C. M. Daiss
of the same club last October, but Mr.
Gorman's score beats that one on the
Creedmoor count, thus making a new
worlds record in this class.
The club's pistol medal shoot for the
day presents the following score- J F
Gorman, 29-38-45; F. O. Young, "47. " In
the rifle shoot for the Bushnell trophy
the score was: F. O. Young, 46-46-46
46; J. E. Gorman, 46-43; E. Jacobson.
46-45.
In the Norddeutscher Schuetz^n
Club's contest the fourth-class was the
only one which filled. This was won
by Ed Stehn, with 27< rings. B-st fir«t
shot. J. D. Heise. 24; best last shot
J. D. Heise, 23.
Company M. First Regiment, held Its
monthly medal shoot, with scores as
follows: Captain O'Xelll 25. Lieutenant
Hogan 39. Sergeant Sonntag 13, Cobby
34. Riven 2?. Corporals Moyes 32 Stroth
32. Privates McDonald 30. Stewart °4
Harris 16. ICcNeOl 29, Hopkins 29 Bogle
O.Eisenbeffl 32. Lrrce 23. Gorman S3 Ly
ons 36, Ayhens 83, Maher 2S. Johnson
2S. Pollopy 16. Kelly 27, Ames 27, Owens
34. Smith IS.
The Naval Militia. X. G. C. had its
monthly medal shoot on the 500 300 and
200 yard ranges, with the score made
at each target in the order given: Kam
merer, 0. 11, 14: Emanuel, 7 14, 6;
Peterson. 0. IS. 7: Barry, S, 14. 14; ' Do
nellen, 8, 9, 9; McKay. 0. 19, 4: Mackey
S, 16. 17; Carlson, 2. 13. 9: Cookson, 0
2. 0; McMillan, 0, 14, 8; Beatty, 5, 13,
The Red Men's Shooting Club held
its regular monthly medal shoot with
the following result: Champion class
won by J. Tiedemann. with a score of
821; first class. M. Dickert, 293; second
class, W. Dresler. 289: third class, G.
Heuer, 229; fourth class. H. Grieb, 258
Best first shot. M. Dickert. 20; best last
shot, G. Wagner, 24.
The Germania Schuetzen Club was
represented by a goodly number of its
members. In the yearly competition
shoot the score stood: Mason 72,
Strecker 70, Utschigr 72 and Jungblut
70. In the championship medal contest
the bept score was made by Mason
218. Following Is the score in the bulls
eye shoot: Heise 70. Salfeld I*s, De
Witt 380. Hellberg 455, Faktor 598 Mor
ken 670. Daly 729, I'tschig 596, Jungbiut
982, Tledexnann 1020.
The San Francisco Prhuetzen Vereln
men mad^ the following store in a
bullseye shoot: Koch 13". UtsebJg 2t«>.
T"h<!" 272, L<-r^t.k-- .V 2. Paktoi
Rust 414.1).- Witt 495. Junsrblut T. 56. Rit
zau 596. Benttler 599, P<-hust.---
Zecher 72^. Burmeister 7no. Ldlfe
"•" Dm kei -"4. Heis=* MS. H.rstmann
1070. Stalling 11<;4. Ahrens 1182, Tiede
mann 1218.
RACINC AT INGLESIDE.
The Balboa Boulevard Static the
Feature of ary Excellent ■
Card.
Ingleside track -will reopen to-day with
the P.)' boa Boulevard stake for three
year-olds as the feature of the card. The
card it not a heavy one. and It looks as
though the talent stood more than an
equal chance with the books.
The entries are as follows:
First Race Seven-eighths of a mile.
44S)The Dipper . 113 <463)Formella IDS
425" Bow and Arrow.lo3; 404 Glorian us
476 Dr. Marks 11l 477 Gotobed 11$
Second Race — furlongs: Belling.
4M T'na Que Amo...lo3!(47o)Zamar 11... 104
470 Caliente 103| 419 Mtdllght 104
454 Lucky Dog 112 U05)O"ConneII 115
Third race— One and an eighth miles.
473 The Roman 10?|(4«)Satsuma 114,
473 'Ostler Joe 114 1
Fourth — One mile; 3- year-olds; Balboa
Boulevard Stakes.
.:•■• Highland Ball ..106 4*o Stepabout .. ins
<431)More!litr> 11« 17 Mlstleton ... »g
425 Ct. of Flanders. l2o (4SO)Cot. Dan 11?
4" Blarney Stone. ..loS MM Prestar Se
372 Marplot M
Fifth Race— One mile; selling'
(467)GarIand 8arr...112 406 Little Cripple ..109
468 Benamela 112 4"-' Don Luis *.
4-1 Imperius M 44- Verasma 109
463 Colonial Dame.. 93 3"»5 Joe Terry li?
(474)0ur Climate 107 470 A 1 Koran .... S*
4-.0 Hazard 109 469 Geo. Lee S
44S Nonchalance 107!
Sixth Race — Mile and one-eighth; selling.
474 Cromwell Ill) *«« Can't Dance ....1»
474 Ru.'alba 101 474 Wawona 106 I
46S Palmerston llfc| 439 Fred Gardner ..lrrt
... Glad Eyes 11l 467 Charlie R1eff....11l
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Glorian. . Bow and Arrow. Goto
bed.
Second Race— O'Connell. Mldltght. Zamar.
Third Race — Satsuma, Ostler Joe,, the Roman.
Fourth Race Count of Flanders, Morelltto,
Colonel Dan. '
Fifth Race Garland Barr, Imperious, George
I *?e -
Sixth Race^ Cromwell, Can't Dance, Glad
Eyes. a , .
PLENTY OF ROOM IN JAIL.
Fewer Inmates in the County JdJl
This Winter Than Has Been for
a Hurnber of Years.
Whatever may be the cause, there are
fewer Inmates in the San Francisco jails
this year than has been at a correspond
ing period for the last ten years.
At the Broadway jail there are now only
107; at the corresponding period last
year there were 131. At the branch No. 2
(formerly House of Correction;, there are
only 260. whereas last year at this time
there were 386, and at the branch No. 3
(women's prison; there are 66, when last
;here were 82.
The total number of prisoners now un
der the keeping of the Sheriff between
time-servers and those waiting trial in
the Broadway bastile. under the keeping
of Chief Jailer Battler, is 433, a? against
519 for the month of January. I
This condition of affairs leaves plenty
of spare room at the Broadway jail for
those burglars and nleht prowlers who !
manage to evade the detectives.
JUBILEE BILLS
AT THEATERS
A Glittering Show Prom
ised in "The Girl
From Paris."
Mane Dresster Will Continue
at the California Another
Week.
English Melodrama at Morosco's.
Cruiidy Revival at the Alcazar.
Orpheum Stara.
"The Girl From Paris," which com
mences an engagement of three weeks
at the Baldwin to-night. Is one
of the most popular attractions
of the lighter order that has been pre
sented in years. It haa a record of 1000
nights at the Duke of York's, London,
and another edition of it is now play
ing at the Herald Square Theater, New
York, where a run of 300 nights was
recently completed. We are promised,
as nearly as possible, the production
which Edward E. Rice first gave New
York. Of course all of the originals are
not in the cast — several of them made
such reputations that they are now
"out en their own"— but the present
company is said to be compact and
valuable in every particular. The pro
duction will be under the hand of
Frank Smithson. whom Mr. Rice se
cured from London, end the dancing,
which plays an important part in the
finance, will be directed by H.
Fletcher Rivers, a ballet master of rep
utation. The elaborate scenic equip
ment is the work of La Fayette W.
y. an artist who needs no intro
duction.
The piece itself is said to be almost
a r>al comic opt-ra, w.th catchy music
by Ivan Caryll and a smartly humorous
book by George Dance. The presenta
tion requires a castof fifty. .Miss Mamie
Gilrojr, whose clever work in Hoyt's
farces la well remembered, plays the
part of "the girl"; William Blaisdell is
the comical French spy; Edgar Hal
stead is the Ebenezer Honeycomb, a
"shining light"; Harry Hermsen has
the part of "it-is-to-laugh ' Hans, which
in his hands is said to be quite as
clever as the original creation of
Mann's; J. C. Marlow impersonates the
dandy Major K< MMI/h • of the Batter
sea Buttert'.y Shooters: Phiiip Thomas,
recently of the Bostonians, will appear
as Tom Orerleigh, the British barris
ter; Mi=s Carrie Bahr will appear as
Ruth, the slavey, and sing the now fa
mous "Sister Mary Jane's Top Note."
Clara Lavine will have the chance to
sir.s^ in the role of Nora Honeycomb,
ar.J Mile. Fieurette, a distinguished
dancer, will exploit her newest crea
tion. "La Parisienne." Rice may be de
pended upon for a comely chums and a
good orchestra leader.
"Courted Into Court" promises to
have a crescf-ndo second week at the
California. Th>- town is just awaken
ing to the fact that Marie Dressier.
John G. Sparks and Jaqu^s Kru gerare
a farce-come.iy trio that would be hard
•;it. The attraction to follow is
.-. Paul's troubadoorSj headed by
the redoubtable Sissurieta Jones her-
The fifty members of the com
pany are born all that way — not col
ored — and are eaid to reach the limit
of emancipated song, dance, specialty
and spectacle.
"The Arabian Nlgrhts," one of the
best of Sydney Grundy's adapted farces,
will be revived at the Alcazar this
wreck. The adventures of the unsophis
ticated but sporty Hummingtop with
his fair deceiver and his mother-in-law
are too well known to require ampli
fication at this time of day. "The
Arabian Nights" has always been a
safe piece in Pan Francisco since its
Introduction years ago by Joe Holland
and Georgia Drew Barrymore. It was
one of the most successful of the many
Frawley productions and did well at
the Alcazar last year.
The opening performance will take
place on Monday afternoon. & "Jubilee"
matinee being the vrder a t the Alca
zar.
Whether the i.ther theaters are offer
ing good shows or baa, y«.u are always
sure of finding something that is worth
the while at the Orpheum. The house
has a standard and lives up to it fairly
well. Now and then bad turns mar a
programme, but on the whole tht-r- is
not a variety house in the land that
offers as good a bill year in and year
out.
Tht-re are several new features on th
bill for the new week, prominent among
which is Carletta, who styles himself
" ' Th - Human Lizard, and is said to be
practically boneless. Dolline Cole, an
other newcomer, claims to be "Ameri
ca's greatest female barytone." Mon
day night will mark her Initial bow to
a San Francisco audience. The comedy
portion of the bill will be contributed
by Al Wilson, the famous Dutch come
dian, and Orirr.mins and Gore in their
screamingly funny sketch, What Are
the Wild Waves Saying." The biograph
will have an entirely new set of views.
The Knaben-Kapelle has been re
tained for another week, but this will
positively be the last.
The hold-overs will include Gallando,
clay modeler; Almont and Dumont in
musical specialties, and Rice and
Elmer, horizontal bar performers. A
Jubilee matinee will be given to-day.
This week will be the last of "'Brian
Bont" at th>' Tivoli. The management
had hoped for a better success with an
opera that was such a tremendous go
in New York, and spared no pains in
the production. There are several con
certed pieces and one or two of the
■Oloa that are worth hearing. The cast
is a lon* one, including Arthur Donald
son in the part of Brian. Thomas C.
Leary as, Pat O'Hara. Florence Wal
cott as Erina, Edith Hall as Baby Ma
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONSULT
DR. SWE ANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
Indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back. Vari-
cocele. Rupture. exhau<tlv*- drains, etc..
you should waste no time, hut consult this
<ir^at Specialist; he speedily and perma-
nently cures all diseases of Men and Wo-
men. Call on or write him to-day. He
can cure you. Valuable Book sent Free.
Address
F\ i_,. S"WHJ.A.2SrY, I£.D.
737 Market Street, San Francisco, C«l.
lone, Tillie Salinger as the English
Princess and Fred Kavanagh as little
Johnnie Dugan. The next piece will be
"The Pearl of Pekin," with Edwin
Stevens as the great Tyfoo. This will
open a new season of the lighter at
tractions, including Hopper's success,
"Dr. Syntax," "Angeline," "Madelaine."
a new burlesque on the subject of "Sin
bad the Sailor," and finally the second
of the Tivoli's annual reviews, which
will be entitled "Round About the
Town."
The attraction for the week at Mo
rosco's will be Frank Harvey' 3 sensa
tional melodrama of English life, enti
tled "Brother for Brother." It is a
story of the tragic revenge planned by
Jasper Crane upon Anthony Radford,
a wealthy iron founder, who, led to be
lieve his first wife dead, remarries,
only to discover that his second mar
riage is void and his son illegitimate.
However, the ending is happy, as
Crane finally relents sooner than" live
up to his revenge.
Th«» pathos of the plot Is relieved by
considerable comedy and sensational
scenes of a great foundry in operation
and a ifvely fire. All the favorites of
Morosco's company will be seen In
characteristic parts.
A programme of modern pieces has
been selected by Mr. Pcheel for Thurs
day's concert at the Tivoli. The sym
phony will will be Dvorack's "New
World": the ballet music, Dellbes'
"Coppelia," and the overture Gold
mark's "In Springtime." Robert
Franz's version of the old Hebrew
melody, "Kol Nidre," will also be
played.
Arrangements have just been com
pleted by which Henri Marteau, the
young French violinist, will be the
soloist at one of the Symphony So
ciety's concerts of an early date.
The Olympia Music Hall, at the
corner of Mason and Eddy streets, was
formally reopened Saturday night with
a musical and vaudeville entertain
ment, chiefly contributed to by Kirch
ner's "Lady" Orchestra. Among the
other attractions were Anna Killian,
violin poloist; Ma Belle, a serio-comic:
Jessie Millar, cornet operator, and sev
eral specialists in song and dance.
Out at the Chutes Free Theater Chi
qulta, the condensed Cuban patriot. Is
ptill the biggest attraction of her
inches on record. She draws the crowd,
even in cold weather. For the week a
big vaudeville bill is announced.
The orchestra at the Oberon will have
a new and lively programme for the
week.
WITH GAS AND ACID.
Two Young Women Dead— One
Accidentally, the Other by
Her Own Hand.
Two cases of sudden death were report
ed at the Morgue yesterday forenoon;
both were of women agM 23 years.
The first case was that of Miss Glo
vanna Stornitta, who was a domestic at
the residence of Mrs. S-.atena, at 604 Fil
bert street. She had been employed only
three days when her death occurred
through asphyxiation. The lady for
whom she worked is of the opinion that
the unfortunate girl left the gas jet
turned on. either through a mistake or
not being acquainted with the use of gas,
a.s she had but recently come from the
country. She has some relatives residing
at Xapa Junction, who have bet-n no
tified of her death. They telegraphed to
the effect that they would arrive in the
city this morning. The deceased was a
native of Switzerland.
The other woman swallowed a dose of
carbolic acid at a lodging-house at 7 Ma
son street. To her acquaintances she was
known aa Mrs. M. L. Leighton. Her
death appeared to have been deliberate
and premeditated.
Surrendered Himself.
Martin «avin. the hwiiwi young man
who escaped from the R''O>lvir.sr Hospital
Saturday morning. Dttdc his appearance
yesterday afternoon and politely asked
■hown to his oelL He said he had
slept in a freight cr.r all nitrht and he
thought he would prefer the c.-M. He will
be taken bark to th<* Whit well private
asylum to-morrow noming.
NEW TO-DAY.
Coughs and colds need not
be endured; they can be
cured, s^d that quickly.
Many mixtures are tem-
porary in effect, but Scott's
Emulsion of Cod-liver Oil
with Hypophosphites is a
permanent remedy.
The oil feeds the blood
and warms the body ; the
hypophosphites tone up the
nerves; the glycerine soothes
the inflamed throat and lungs.
The combination cures.
This may prevent serious
lung troubles.
50c and $1.0-5; all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York.
- Close one eyf and™ the other
IF Y°U CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US.
OPTICIANS photo^^sup^lies
*&, Scientific Instruments si,
~?r 642 MARKET ST. ™
UNDiKCHRSnICIt SUH.CING./*
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
olympia— Comer of Mt«on «nd
ul, 1 mt-irt. Eddy Streetv
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
Great Success. Thousands Delighted.
KIRCHNER'S LADIES' ORCHESTRA !
ANNA KILLIAN. Directress.
JOSIE MILLAR, cornetift: LILLIAN LES-
LIE, vocalist, and a great olio of artists.
ADMISSION FREE.
House Thoroughly Heated.
CHIQUITA
EXTENDS GOLDEN JUBILEE COMPLI-
MENTS.
MARVEL OF THE AGE!
" And the Smallest Woman on Earth.
Daily Reception at the
CHUTES I— — -
HENRY'S EDUCATED TRICK BEARS. ETC.
Afternoon and Evening. RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children. 5c. .
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew- Opera Company
Monday Evening. January 24. Jubilee Day,
by special request our greatest success,
"KOLNIDRE."
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard St., between Third and Fourth,
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
■ ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open daily from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m.; ! to 4:19
p. m.; ? to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c: ,
Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladles' Skates, Free. ;
__•_._._._■ ; NEW TO-DAY.
0000000000000000 oo 00000000000000000
I JUBILEE WEEK SPECIALS!
° o
© L J FROM OUR GREAT 1 O
I dosed SAfRIFIfF SAI F Beg[ns I
1 Monday OrtUmribL JHLL Tv %
% ; 1 OF I °
1 GOODS DELAYED ill TRANSIT, i
o = o
® For the special benefit of the thousands of out- 5?
o of-town residents who will visit the city during. o
o Jubilee week and to favorably introduce our mam- o
° moth establishment to their attention, we have °
o selected the following and countless others of the 2
o CHOICEST LINES of DELAYED IN TRANSIT GOODS o
° now being forced out and offer them at °
o ° o
§ Prodigious Guts in Prices ! |
o — o
I CLOAK DEPARTMENT. SILK DEPARTMENT. o
° S2 SO LAr>IES ' JACKETS In QSC- -• 400 yards FANCY FIG- O
O ***•*•*"-' black and navy cheviot, fly aUv URED SILK, regular o
_ fronts, star collar, regular value 50c, will be closed X
V price $5. now on sale at out at 25c a van]. O
O 250 - O
OCO OR: LADIES' JACKETS in 50C ureS^VRMURE 1 SI?k" °
Q W.»Stwojto» astrakhan cloth ° VW ]^ T ARMIRE KL{^ O
O "SSiiSS "oi^iront. clo S ed_out at 50c a yard. O
° __{?-» iPS" $6'6 ' now on Tsc » yards BLACK SA ™ °
O t,aio «». »> >j. COW DUCHESSE. regular value O
O Q~i flfl SADIES' AND MISSES* *1 00, will be closed out at ft
« OO.UU RUSSIAN BLOUSE JACK- 7oc a yard. «
O ETS. handsomely braided :, . O
q or trimmed with velvet j7c r » 700 yards COLORED TAF- Q
** pipings, regular price $9 00, | * OW FETA SILK, regular value ]T
O , now on sale at $5 00. 90c, will be closed out at ?oc O
r\ - a yard. <•»
CQ Q~I LADIES* BLACK ASTRA- X
O OOiUUKHAN CLOTH CAPES, orky _ 300 virds RL\Plv RRO °
° oon»r Wit finilh k .d er^ B n° r k 90C CADED MOIRE" ££k, O
O Ah 'uS n^? n . £ regular value $1 50, will be a
** with silk cord ornament. ck-edouftMcayarl, «
O regular price $6 00, now on closed out at sue a > ard. q
O Sale at W '''•"'• Cl Oft 120 ° > ards CHANGEABLE Q
O C 1 HO LADIES' BLACK FIG- ' I|UU SILK , VELVET, regular
" Ol»UU URED MOHAIR DRESS value $2 00. will be closed O
O SKIRTS, double lined and out at $1 00 a yard. q
q velvet bound, regular price q
$1 50, now on sale at $1 00. w
o A ? I D EF 7f L ¥ CK DB E l ii Special ! "^|ssv« Special ! «
O SKIRTS. assorted pat- *■ SUITS r O
1— 1 terns, double lined and AT II AT 17 'DDTPT7 T O
'" bound, regular price J7 50, A I _lAl_r riUL>J& I "
O now on sale at $4 50. ___? 'c O
° QO A~l CHILDREN'S REEFER c , a ci'ITC n i -m +« CIS °
o o^»^*o jackets in assorted coi- $30 SLITS ■ ■ - ■ Reduced to §b o
n ors in fancy check chev- __, „.„.„_ _ . . , _.„ ft
o lots, pointed sailor collar. $40 SUITS • - • - Reduced to $20 °
O trimmed with braid, sizes *^ O
o now S s r _f e vl at r $? r 45: c $5« SUITS • ■ • ■ Reduced to $25 o
| COLORED DRESS GOODS! i
n "kflf " 3 Pieces 42-INCH NOVELTY FRISIAN SUITING, former price °
O — 'vFS* 75c a yard, will be closed out at 50c a yard. O
5! fi~l- 51 pieces 42-INCH ENGLISH CURL SUITING, medium shades, °
O vJCJW> former price $1 00 a yard, will be closed out at 65c a yard. ©
2 Cl flfl 44 Pieces 44-INCH SILK AND WOOL FRENCH NOVELTY SUIT- ©
O tJ>*»VFV/ ING, handsome effects, former price $1 50 a yard, will be closed O
q out at $1 00 a yard. — I
" IV R — Intending purchasers should bear in mind that this is a sale o? NEW, ©
O 11#I -*» FRESH, CLEAN. STYLISH GOODS OF THE BEST MANUFACTURE, O
— | , which will be found exactly as represented in every particular. —
o .= o
® [/[/ Murphy Building', .# [/If Murphy Building; £ O
1 Mar_et and Janes Streets. Market and Jones Streets. %
o o
oooooooooooooooocoooooooooo 00000000
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
? PACIFIC COAST
I JOCKEY CLUB
+ (INGLESIDE TRACK!).
2 Six Running Races Daily, Rain op Shine.
% . . PROGRAMME FOR JUBILEE WEEK . .
I© KoNDAT— Balboa Bori-Tird SUke, 1 Mile ; Special, Kile and a Furlong.
+ TUESDAY— for Tiree- Year-Olds, 6 Furlongs ; Two-Year-Old Race.
• WEDNESDAY-LADIES' DAY : ADMISSION TREE TO LADIES—
:';" Special Ra«e, 1 Mile; Steeplechase Over the Short Conn*.
THURSDAY— Races of a Mile or Orer, Including a Kile and a Quarter Handicap.
FRlDAY— Special. 1 Mile and Race for Two- Year-Olds.
SATURDAY— Lakeside Stakes, mile and a half ; Special for Three-
Year-Olds, 1 Kile, and Mil; and a Half Hurdle Rate.
w ,-- • V.'- ■-■' m \i m FIRST RACE AT 2 F. Mm • m ■* m
Southern Pacific Railroad Trains at 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. leave Third-Street Station, stopping a
Valencia street Returning immediately after the last rice. -■'■v'# '■■ '■-•■
Electne Car Lines — and Mission Street Cars every three minutes, direct to tack without change
. All cross-town lines connect. The track is reached by ati routes In from 30to 40 minutes.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary. S. N. ANDROUS, President.
fSIiaiANCU? GOTTIOB & C? usstts twwia
TO=NIGHT! VVfAUGH.
1 U^ilUjll 1 i to LAUGH.
Edw. E. Rice's Superb Spectacle,
the GIRL FROM PARIS
The Greatest Production of the Season. "
Magnificent Scenery. Gorgeous Costumes.
Beautiful Chorus. Fifty People.
Every Evening, including Sunday.
I RI'DIANCCH OOTTICB 5 u»Ui»AMMtf»
SECOND AND LAST WEEK.
Even Money on the Favorite,
COURTED INTO COURT.
Presented by Rich and Harris' Comedy Com-
pany, headed" by Marie Dressier and John C.
Rice.
COMING— Paul's Troubadours.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
MRS. EUNKHTIX* Kbelixg, Proprietor & Manasrer
EVERY EVENING. ~ THE TRIUMPH.
The Musical Event of the. Season.
OUR JUBILEE PRODUCTION.
The Romantic Comic Opera,
"BRIAN BORU."
GREAT CAST.
Special Scenery. Correct Costumes, Appropri-
1 ate Accessories. Enlarged Chorus, Aug-
mented Orchestra.
i "The Harp That Once Through Tara" Halls."
NEXT WEEK— The Merry Fantasie, .
"THE PEARL OF PEKIN."
Song— Dance— Humor.
Popular prices ....23c and 50c
MOROCCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Mcrosco.. Sole Lessee and Manager
Grand and Elaborate Production of Frank
Harvey's Sensational Melodrama.
•'BROTHER FOR BROTHER."
special HOLIDAY MATINEE TO-DAY.
Sensational Fire Scene. Iron Foundry in Full
• Operation.
New Scenery, Comedy, Pathos, a Thrilling Plot.
A Great Play by a Great Author.
Evening Prices. 10c, 25c, 50c. Matinees Sat-
urday and Sunday.
i
GRAND JUBILEE MATINEE TO-DAY.
Parquet, any seat. 25c; Balcony. 10c- Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
AT- WILSON, German comedian: CRIM-
MINS & GORE, comedy duo: CARLETT\ ar-
tist elastic; DOLLINE COLE. America's bary-
tone; THE BIOGHAPH. new life scenes: CAR-
TER DE HAVEN, boy comedian: RICE &
ELMER, horizontal bar artists; PROFESSOR
GALLANDO. lightning clay modeler.
Lut Week of the gnaben Kapells— New Selections
! ALCAZAR Scats by Phon °
ri*-~iyS<r\£^r\l\ Main 254.
JUBILEE MATINEE TO-DAY
To-night and balance of week.
The Laughing Farce.
THE ARABIAN NIGHTS!
Matinee Prices— 25c, 3."«-
Night Prices— s(te, 35c, 25c. 15c.
CENTRAL PARK.
JUBILEE BASEBALL CARNIVAL!
FINAL GAME!
TO-DAY— 2 P. M.,
WILL & FINCKS vs. CAL. MARKETS.
ADMISSION-25C
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE.
TWO GRAND OPERATIC CONCERTS.
Thursday. January 27. at 8 o'clock p. m. Sat-
urday matinee, January 23, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Given by the principal artists of the
DEL CONTE-S ITALIAN OPERA CO.
Selections from ■■Otello," "Alda," "Force of
Destiny.'" ■ "Africana," "Roberto ■11 Dlavolo,"
"Ugonottl," "Boheme," "Tannhauser." "Ruy
Bias." "Guarany." "Mi^non," • "Pagllaccl "
"La Julve," "Crispino- c la Comare" and
"Lucia." .Tickets now on sale at Sherman &
Clay's Music Store. Reserved seats, (1; bal-
cony. 50 cents.
78
MANY MEN
HELD UP
Frank Coursen Has a
Hard Battle With
a Footpad.
Attacked While on His
"Way Home and
Beaten.
He Is Compelled to Go to the
Receiving Hospital for
Repairs.
SAD PLIGHT OF A CLERK.
Falls A6leep and Is Relieved of His
Valuables by a Chinese
Thief.
Frank Coursen, a clerk, had a des
perate encounter with a footpad late
Saturday night. Coursen was walking
along Pine street, and. when near
Mason, he was accosted by an evil
looking st rancor, who pretended to be
acquainted with him. Convinced that
he intended to assault him Coursen
started to walk away, when the robber
seized him by the throat and threat
ened to strangle him if he made an
outcry. Coursen, realizing he was in
the hands of a desperate man, deter
mined to make a fight. Breaking the
hold which the robber had on his
throat Coursen struck him a blow in
the face. The desperate stranger at
once drew a slung-shot and struck
Coursen across the left cheek, cutting
a deep gash. The force of the blow
knocked him down, and, while lying
prostrate, the robber proceeded to
Bearch his pockets. Determined to pre
vent him from robbing him Coursen
lustily shouted for the police.
Evidently fearing arrest, the robber
left his victim and ran down Pine
Ptreot. Coursen subsequently ap
peared at police headquarters, where
he told the story of the robbery to Cap
tain Wittman. After his statement
was taken he was escorted to the Re
ceiving Hospital, where the wound in
his cheek was dressed by Dr. Thomp
son. He described his assailant as
being about 40 years of age and rather
shabbily dressed, He wore a dark
slouch hat. which was pulled down
over his eyes.
An old man named M. Coetello. liv
ing at 3557 Twenty-first street, was at
tacked by several men at Twenty-first
and Dolores streets at 1 o'clock yester
day morning, and after being beaten
into insensibility was robbed of $1 50.
Ho received a severe scalp wound.
which was dressed at the Receiving
Hospital.
John O'Brien, who lives in Oakland,
complained to the police last evening
that he was held up by two men on
Ecker street last Friday night and
r<<bbed of $1 35 in money, a silver watch
and a bunch of keys. One of his rob
bers, he says, wore a mask.
Lee Wallace, a bookkeeper, overcome
by the effects of liquor, fell asleep on
the sidewalk at Pine and Jones streets
late Saturday night. A citizen who
was passing at the time saw a Chinese
In the act of going through his pock
ets. He immediately summoned a
policeman, but before the latter ar
rived the- Chinese made his escape.
"Wallace was arrested on a charge of
drunkenness and locked up in the City
Prison. After being released he claimed
he had been robbed of a gold watch
and chain and a small amount in
money. I>ast night he visited police
headquarters and gave Chief Lees a
description of the stolen property.
IN THE HANDBALL COURTS.
Unabated Er)tb usiasm Manifested
in the Games Yesterday.
The handball games at the Occidental
court yesterday were between some of
the crack local players. The scores were:
N. J. Prendererast and E. McDonough
defeated D. J. Sheehan and J. R, Bock
man. Beore: 21-14. 16—21. 21—20.
J. P. Kelly and J. Brown defeated A.
A. Tobin and J. M. Kelly. Score: 21—18,
IS — 21, a— lß.
M. nfagulre and T. Foley defeated E.
Barry and R. Houseman. Score: 21—13,
12 — 21, 21 — 15.
P. Ryan and M. Basch defeated J.
Hogan'and R. Shields. Score: 21—13, 14—21,
21—19.
M. Basch and P. Ryan defeated J.
Dowling and J. Hogan. Score: 21—13.
15—21, L'l-ls.
M. McNeil and L. Coralne defeated G.
McDonald and P. Steiner. Score: 21—12,
14—21. 21-20.
P. Duffy and P. Talo defeated P. Basch
and M. Berwln. Score: 21—14, 16 — 21. 19—21.
A. Tobin and K. Unehan defeated J.
White and M. J. Kllgallon. Score: 21—13
15—21. 21—17.
T. F. Bonnet and A. Hampton defeated
J. Riordan and E. Toy. Score: 21—14
17—21. :•
The following games were played at the
Occidental Handball Court, 120 Grove
Btreet, Sunday:
L. Kenny vs. \V. Hassel, 21—18. 17—21
21—19. B. Clements and \V. Hassell de
feated J. Pendererhast and "Cyclone"
Hayden. a.— ». 14 21 . 21-16. J. Shaw and
E. Antron vs. K. Ifuliney and T. Clem
ents. 19-21. 21-17. 21—20. Aleck Bradley
and J. Dewaln vs. G. Kull and George
Lanploi 21-12. 19-21. 21-20. Ben Clem
ents defeated William T. McClain. 21-19
19—21, 21— 2.». George Cunningham and \\\
Jacobs vs. Fra:ik O'Copnor and J Mo-
Ine . ry J«- 1S ~ a - 21 - 12 - 21 -2°- McVicker
and Ehner vs. J. Shaw and W. Hassel
21_19. 19-21. 21-16. M. Dolan and A.'
hanson vs. C. Hartshorn and \V Cole
13 ' 21 ~ lfi - Ben Clements
defeated W illiam Hassell, 21—1. 19—21
21 — 4. There has been a novel contest ar
ranged for Jubilee Day between two Chi
nese, also other games.
Now Annoys tbe Widow.
Mrs. Mary Parenti. living at 7 Vincent
Ftroet. notified the police at the Califor
nia street station last evening that Luigi
Palo, a bootblack, had threatened to kill
her.
A little over a year ago Ausrustine Pa
renti. the husband of the woman, was
taken to the Kecciving Hospital suffering
from poisoning. He died, and before his
death he made the statement that Palo
had forced him to take the poison. The
bootblack was tried on the charge of mur
der, but was acquitted.
Mrs. Parent! says that the man has
been bothering her now for some time and
has made threats to kill her. Thursday
night Mrs. Parent! went into the cellar
of her house and found Palo there. He
had broken the lock of the door and when
she entered knocked the candle which she
carried from her hand. He threw him
self on his knees before her and handing
her a hatchet said:
"Mary. I killed your husband; now you
kill me."
A Medlurt) Dead.
Professor Charles A. Mingo, a spirit
ualistic medium, died at his home, 834
Mission street, yesterday. He was born
In Staten Island fifty years ago.
CAPTAIN HENRY S. HEALEY DEAD.
Tie Clerk of tie Chief of Police Passes Away After a Lou anil
PaMil Illness.
Captain Henry S. Healey, clerk to the
Chief of Police, died last night after a
short illness.
Several weeks ago Healey was stricken
with pneumonia, and despite the efforts
of Drs. Shumate and Kecney he grad
ually grew worse. Shortly after 7 o'clock
last night he breathed his last, surround
ed by several of his intimate friends.
Healey was born on December IX, 1535.
In Klgin, Huntingdon County, Qu<
• 'anada. He was appointed a memb* r <if
the police department on May B, lv
account of his ability and strict attention
to his duties he was promoted to the rank
of sergeant on January 1, 18S8.
Since July 1, I}<94, when he was made a
captain, he has been acting as the Chiefs
clerk.
ROSETTE TOOK
THE MONEY
The Famous Santa Clara
Puppy Shows Her Met
tle at Ingleside.
Fleet Diana Easily Won the
Purse in the Consola
tion Stake.
A Large and Interested Crowd
Looked On and Played Its
Coin.
Although It was cold and bleak at
the Ingleside coursing grounds yester
day a large crowd visited the park to
witness the card drawn up for the all
age and consolation stakes. As a rule
the long-enders carried away the
money, but two or three neglected
hounds surprised the talent In a very
decided way. Tod Sloan, who is nearly
always looked upon as a slow dog,
walked off with short money, winning
at 4^i to 0. The Eclipse ran a bye with
Duke of Oak Grove and was beaten
with the pools selling at 5 to 3.
Once again Curtis & Sons carried off
the purse with the now famous Santa
Clara puppie Rosette, and the talent
played their money that way. There
was probably never more even cours
ing than that between Sylvia and
White Chief in the second ties. Twice
the hc-unds were returned after a no go
had been declared. In the third White
Cloud showed his mettle by winning a
long, hard fought course.
There is much talk concerning the
split among the dog factions and the
poisoning of the celebrated field trial
champion Glenbeigh, who died at
Bakersfield. Glenbeigh was a brother
to many field trial and bench show
winners and was sired by Grouse V..
dam Rita. No cause can be assigned
for the poisoning, but it is thought by
some to have been spite work. The
thought of building a new coursing
park has developed some rather start
ling points. It is rumored that the
Board of Supervisors are determined
to step the selling of pools either on the
race course, at the coursing grounds or
in pool rooms in the City. If this idea
be carried out it is admitted the Ingle
side grounds will be placed at a great
disadvantage, as the new park, which
Is at present being thought of, will not
come under the orders of the Super
visors, as It will be built acrr.-ss the
county line, thus blocking the ordi
nance, if passed, completely.
But others contend that the ordinance
will never be passed and that th" Ingle
side grounds will not be injured by the
new park, as it is thought that much
larger purses will have to be given by
the new comers than are given at the
present, and it is thought it will be a
difficult matter to give larger purses
and escape bankruptcy.
The longest and prettiest, as well as
the closest course <rf the day, was wh.-n
The Bell of Moscow started in a bye
with Sweet Music. Bell opened a
strong favorite, but odds evened up
slightly toward the close. The hounds
slipped to a good hare and after a
closely contested course the judge de
clared that Sweet Music had w<m.
Considerable money changed hands on
the result.
This is how it all happened:
D. Shannon's Systematic beat D. Leon
ard s Bendalong. 6—2; C. W. Dewlanevs
Fleetwood beat D. Hooper's Annette, r^-O;
Curtis & Son's Lady Campbell beat M
Rogers Sly Boy. 4%-l; M. Murphy's Tod
bloan beat D. Shannon's Senorita 4H 0-
Curtis & Sons Rosette beat P. Relflv'a
Ranger. 12-0; W. E. Thompson's Patria
beat J. Dean's Mlalmo, 7—2; Kay &,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1898.
Healey was one of the most popular
men In the department. Always courte
ous and kiwi, he endeared himself to
everybody with whom he came in con
tact. Captain Splllane was perhaps his
warmest friend. When young men they
served in the army, Healey occupying a
responsible position. In all probability
nt Cassias Wright will succeed the
late captain. Wright enjoys the confi
dence of Chief i-e(>s and the iiiwubeis "f
the Police Commission, and Is highly re
garded by . very man connected with the
rtment Since Healey was taken ill
Wright has beea acting in his place.
The appointment of the late captain's
successor will bo made at the meeting of
the < - ommissinners which will be held
next Wednesday night.
Tram's Sylvia boat A. C. Bradbury's
>' ■ 7—o; J. Seggerson's White Chief
beat James Byrne's s» ininoie. 10— 7- T
Butler's Susie beat M. Trayn<> r 's Flash
light, 10— 0; J. Elanrahan's Mercury beat
Janus Byrne's Nelly B, s—o; Eclipse a
>nd ties— Fleetwood beat Systematic.
Lady Campbell beat Tod Sloan, 4—l;
Rosette beat f'atria. B— 1; White Chief
beat Sylvia, 6—2; Susie beat Eclipse; Mer
cury a bye.
Fourth" ties— Rosette beat Fleetwood.
6— J: Susie a bye.
Final -Rosette beat Susie. 4—2.
'Ik. — J. Sexsmlth's Vigi
lant beat O. Pintos Hercules; Larkpy &
Rocks Myrtle beat M. Traynors Valley
Maid; M. Michaliks Douglas beat O.
Wallace's F:iir View: Kay & TraniS
Diana beat D. Hooper's Coo Lawn: I.
Lettich'a Bell of Moscow beat M. Neal
on'a Bryan.
First ties— Myrtle beat Vigilant. 7—3;
r>iana beat Douglas, s—o; Bell of Moscow
a bye.
Second ties— Myrtle beat Bell of Mos
cow. 3—l; Diana a bye.
Final— Diana beat Myrtle, 4—o.
MINISTERS ON
THE JUBILEE
The Theme Chosen by Two
Divines of This
City.
What Revs. Locke and Ford Have
to Say Regarding the
Subject.
Rev. Frank S. Ford. at the First Chris
tian Church, was inspired by the Jubilee
for his theme. He spoke as follows:
The lawn of the Jubilee are given in Le- '
viticus 2.":5-.">. They are that it should be
celebrated every fiftieth year, beginning
on the tenth day of the seventh month; j
that at the beginning of this year all Is
raelites who had become slaves should go
free; that during this year the land
should remain fallow; that all unre
deemed land, houses in the country and
villages, and also Levitical houses in the
cities should, at the beginning of this j
year, be restored to their original owners. i
That "the earth is the Lord's and the I
fullness thereof " and that we are tenants
in the things that we think we possess;
that we are dependent on God and be
cause of this dependence are under cer- i
tain obligations to him is suggested both
in the fact and in the requirements of the
Jubilee. It bears in itself its evidence of
divinity. That any legislator would have
ventured to propose such a law, except
upon the fullest conviction on both sides
that a peculiar providence would con
stantly facilitate its execution, is incred
ible.
The Mosaic law and the evidence of
Mo>es" divine mission arc coeval. The
vtry existence of the law Is therefore a
monument that Moses spoke from Gou.
Its history through many stormy cen
turfes is an assurance to us that what he
has saiil he is able to accomplish. He
knows all about this earth— ile created
it. He knows all about the laws of pro
duce—He ordained them. He knows all
about us and our possibilities, and when
we stand in his word we know of the end.
As Car as legislation could go the Ju
bilee tended to restore the equality which
existed lr. the first allotment by Joshua.
But as a part of the divine law "appointed
for the chosen people, its practical bear-
Ing was to vindicate the right of each Is
r,o lite to his part in the covenant of his
fathers.
Dr. Charles Edward I>ocke. pastor of
the Centra] Methodist Church, j>reached
last evening on the subject of "A Motto
from Our Golden Jubilee." Dr. Locke, in!
announcing his text, said he begged to I
suggest it as the motto for the Golden
Jubilee. The text was "Seek ye first the
kingdom of <;<••! ami his righteousness.
and ail these thinns shall be added unto
you." The sermon was followed by nn
impressive revival service, during which
many persons bowed at the altar. M
Ings were announced for each evening
this week c-xcept Saturday.
Where Is Mrs Davis?
Alfred Davis, 549 Howard street, report- ;
ed to the police yesterrtny that his wife !
had left home Saturday morning with
their baby and had not returned. She
was last seer, at the Central House 52
Second street, Saturday night. She re- :
mnlned there for a short time and left,
not saying where she was going. Since
then nothing had been seen or heard
of her or the baby.
LABOR UNIONS
READY FOR WAR
"Recognition in the Char
ter or Defeat" Their
Ultimatum.
Temporary Organization Ef
fected and Various Com
mittees Appointed.
P. H. McCarthy Outlines the Plan of
the Appronching Campaign — Trib
ute to a Friend.
The labor unions of this city want
some notice taken of them In the pro
posed new charter: In fact, they are de
sirous of considerable notice and If they
don't get It they intend to do their best
to defeat the purpose of others who are
eager for its adoption. They have so
announced themselves. In the language
of one of their speakers, "We have
come to stay."
Yesterday afternoon delegations from
the various unions assembled at Slaty
Market street and effected a temporary
organization, which will be made per
manent next Sunday. There were three
delegates present Irom each of the
unions. The meeting was called by the
Building Trades Council.
The delegates proceeded first to or
ganize temporarily as a charter con
vention, electing EL C Hinken chair
man and W. M. Page secretary. A
committee on credentials was selected
In the persons of J. T. McCann, W.
Goff, L. Vizr.ier, C. Hussey and J. Jor
gensen.
The matter of permanent organiza
tion was laid over until next Sunday
at which time it is expected all the la
bor organizations will be represented. A
committee on permanent organization
was appointed by Chairman Hinken as
follows: F. Cranford, T. Mulaney, W.
Goff, John Miller, \V. Brunsfield. P.
Hannon. P. Lenncn, H. j Skeen, and
G. Lafayette. This committee may be
Increased until a delegate from each
union is a member.
P. H. McCarthy. President of Carpen
ters' Union No. 22. urged vigorous ac
tion >>n the part of the convention. The
purpose of the body he stated to be that
of appointing a committee to frame
clauses for Insertion in the charter,
which shall favor the workmen of the
community.
"We have existed for about forty-six
yo :i rs under that old crazy quilt, the
Consolidation Act," he declared, "and
if we shouid have to live that length of
time under the proposed charter we
want it properly framed beforehand. A
charter is supposed to be a grant of
power and not a code of laws. That ts
the reason why the charter was de
feated last y> ar. The labor unions hold
the balance of power in this city, over
15,000 votes; they defeated that charter
and they will cause this one to be laid
on th>> shelf if they are not treated
justly."
B. L. Mallshurv of the same union
asserted that the Inhering classes suffer
under the present Consolidation Act.
but not more than capitalists. In fact,
he believed the latter class to be the
worst sufferers, and that they must
recognize the labor unions in the pres
ent instrument In order to attain their
own ends.
McCarthy further urged that Influ
ence be concentrated on the legislative
committeee of the Convention of One
Hundred. Dr. Jerome A. Anderson's
name w;is suggested as the only friend
the unions had there, but the speaker
denied this with emphasis, declaring
that one member had been so interested
in the clause favoring labor that he. had
tnkHn it to a lawyer and had it
couched in terms that would stand a
contest nt law.
BUSHNELL ALERTS
REMOVE A HOODOO
California Markets Are Unable
to Cope With a Lucky
Charm.
A Larfie Number of Errors Does Not
Prevent the Photographers
From Winning.
The hoodoo that has pursued the Bush
nell Alerts durlnp the past few months
took wln^s yt-Fterday and once again for
tune smiled on them, and the California
Mnrkt-ts were taken into camp.
Whether or not the change of luck was
caused by a charm that Manager Bob
MttchoH wore on his person, the fact re
mains that they won, even though ten
large errors were made in the attempt.
To Moskin:an is dv»; some credit for the
victory, as he pitched a strong, steady
game, only allowing the Markets five
hits, strikink out five men and giving no
bases on halls. Ilierg was an easy mark
fof the Alerts, ami was batted in all di
rections. Following is the score:
CaUlfOCnta Markets. AH It BH SB PO A E
H. KrUR, ss 4 0 10 0 0 1'
Monahan, 3h 4 0 0 0 0 1 2
Murphy, Ib 4 0 1 0 7 0 0
K. Krai, 2b 4 110 6 0 0
I'yri*. cf 4 1 0' 0 2 0 0
Hearty, if 4111110
Iber*. p 4 11114 0
Hi .lie. rf 4 0 0 0 10 0
Stn>ecker, c 3 0 0 0 6 2 1
Totals 33 4 5 2 24 8 5
Bushnell Alerts. AB R BH SB PO A E
Crnll, cf 4 2 3 0 0 0 0
Hammond, c 4 0 I 1 S 4 1
Hard) . rt 3 0 1 0 2 0 0
Van Haltren. If 3 0 0 1 2 0 0
1b412 1 2 2 0
M'<sklman. p 4 10 10 0 0
Schmeer, ss 4 0 0 0 7 1 4
BrockboS, 3b 4 0 2 0 S 3 r.
Shea, Ib 4 1 0 0 6 0 0
Totals 31 5 9 4 27 10 10
SCORE BY INNINGS.
California Markets ..000031000—4
BIM hits 0 00131000—5
Bushncll Alerts 0 1 0 0 2 0 1 1 •— 5
h:ts 1 1 1 0 3 1 1 1 •— 9
Twi-base hlts—Croll. Eh can. First base on
error*— California Markets. 7; Alerts, 4. First
base ..n called balls— Alerts. 2. Left on
bases— Markets. 4; Alerts. 7. Struck out— By
llxtc. 4: by Moskiman, 5. Double |.lay— Ham-
Hammnnd, 1. Wild pitches— Moskiman. 1.
Time rf wme-dne hour and forty minutes.
Umpire— McDonald.
Other Games.
California Market Jrs. 6. Dp\isadero
Street Stars 3 Young Philadelphias 10.
Young Sports 5: Youn« Santa Claras 8,
Sllvor Stars 5; (^liff House Javaric.ts ;i>
Boulevards 9; Howards 9. Examiner Mas
eoti "; Young Olympics 21. Mariposa Mar
k«ts B: VaHeJo Stars 3. Pioneers 2; Call 1 -,
::!. Chrontcl«a 9; St. Nicholas Laundry 20,
Monograms 11.
CASTOR I A
For Infant* and Children.
Titfie- yf
CITY HALL
DOME WORK
WAS SKIPPED
Some of the Specifica
tions Not Carried
Out.
Auditor and Mayor Ex
plain Away Apparent
Manipulations.
Grand Juror O'Sullivan's
Charges Not Regarded
as Very Serious.
PLANS WERE CHANGED.
There May Be Legal Questions as to
Whether Alterations Were
Proper.
* — ( -- _ J
The cnarges made against" the con
tractors who built the New City Hall
dome were the talk of the city yester
day, especially in political circles. It
seemed to be the general opinion that
if Grand Juror Daniel O'Sullivan was
correct in his minority report there
ought to be a number of indictments by
the present Grand Jury.
County Clerk Curry did not care to
express any opinion except that he
was well acquainted with O'Sullivan
and thought he was a good man. He
thought it was rather late to make the
charges, however, and felt that there
must be some great mistake in the
whole matter.
"If O'Sullivan is correct." said Au
ditor Broderick. "he ought to have the
old Grand Jury indicted by the new
one. I take no stock in the charges.
It was the duty of the commissioners
to examine all the work and pass on it.
I can say in a general way that the
city never lost a cent in all that con
tract. It may be true that all the speci
fications were not curried out, but
wherever there was an omission there
was a substitution of an equal amount
of work in some other department of
the contract. O'Sullivan was angry
because he did not get some plastering
contract and half of what he says is
evidently the result of malice and pet
ty spite. The charges are ridiculous
all through."
Mayor Phelan said: "While all this
took place before I came into office I
understand there was an exchange of
work. Things which the commission
ers considered unnecessary were
omitted and other more pressing things
were done. I do not know all the de
tails of the work, but it is my gen
eral understanding that the city
profited by the changes. I am not
passing on the legality of what the
commissioners did. I do not know
whether (key had the right to make
the changes and substitutions in the
work. That is a matter for the lawyers
to settle, but the case is not as raw as
the story of O'Pullivan makes it."
Cycling League.
The Olympic Club Wheelmen defeated
the San Francisco Road Club In an ex
citlnp ten-lnnlng game at the Recreation
Grounds yesterday by a score of 14 to 13.
At Oenterville the Bay City Wheelmen
lowered the colors of the Turn Verein
Wheelmen of this city. Score. 15 to 13.
NEW TO-DAY.
Ft KB IT Let WHISKY get the BEST
Ellinl I of you. GET the BEST of
EJUII I WHISKY, which is the
■g^— . > GENUINE
feM DISTILLERY
"TV Mi\H \ BOTTLING OF
Im old
Aft PEPPER
MkffHISKI.
l^^T£ F !Jr^\\ V j ff 0 '"** nd Diit.Ued
f^^^^i JAS PEPPER
lip »™
Jhs*. ; Lexington, Ky.
E t... --** < Under the nm« FOR-
, ' KlyX U Bi ~.V»* !' ! ML! LA for more than 100
■ S»"* tSSFzG -"^'. YEARS; i» guaranteed
 ; KSSSwKM'' ■•■ 1, ABSOLUTELY the
fi -■ '"'"/ 4&ffiZt£i» ' [ PUREST and BEST in
I;^^^ ! SAMPLE CASE $15
%e!I2SEES2i3!Z3i Sent on trial, which, if
maf If t^g^^> not satisfactory, can be
returned and money will
be refunded.
CARROLL &~ CARROLL,
300 Market Street,
. Sola Agents for the Pacific Coast. ,
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
f TASTES LIKE CREAM. '
0M Cure* CuNSL'MI-'IIUN. COUGHS.
>fjS3 COLDS. BRONCHITIS, DEBILITY.
j« WASTING DISEASES, ASTHMA.
INFLUENZA, SCROFULOUS HUMORS. ETC..
by building up the wasted tissues and feeding
the over-worked nerves In such a manner that
after using. HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT. ■ ■> .
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe it. All good druggists
sell it. Ask for '"WILBOR'S." and take no
other. ' . • • '
N. B.— Beware of Imitations. This article is
the oldest of Its kind In the market. Many
try to make a remedy "Just as good," but
none succeed.'
I OR.MCNOLTY.
T'mswKrx kxowx and rkliabi.k or. ( >
-I • l«-'-ia'l><r.<- 1 frrj»l'r!vate,N>rvous.!'..'.<«:;iii<lS*ia
Discuses of Mc ii only. Manly Power restore*!. Over
yearn experience. Bend for Book. • JVtfein*
pureiJat Home. Terms reasonable. Hour*, 8 to B
- daily;6::»!,, sieves, h jr.days. 10 to 12. OIWWSIU-
. uonfree and sacredly confidential., cxil or address .
P. BOSIOE neXVLTT, M. !>.. .
26 i ke»i Mrrft hmm tTMßciac*. CaX.
NEW TO-DAY.
Annual Sales over 6,000,000 Boxes
■& J&.jßsßiEßl«Bs7
TOE BILIOUS AND NERVOUS DISORDERS
such as Wind and Pain in the Stomach.
Giddiness. Fulness after meals. Head-
ache. ' Dizziness. Drowsiness. Flushings
of Heat, Loss of Appetite. Costiveness.
Blotches on the. Skin. Cold Chills, Dis-
turbed Sleep. Frightful Dreams and all
Nervous and Trembling Sensations.
THE FIRST DOSE WILL GIVE RELIEF
IN TWENTY MINUTES. Every sufferer
■will acknowledge them to be
A WONDERFUL MEDICINE.
HEECIIAM'S PIIXS, taken as direct-
ed, will quickly restore Females, to com-
plete health. They promptly remove
obstructions or irregularities of the sys-
tem and cure sick Headache. Fora
Weak Stomach
Impaired Digestion
Disordered Liver
IN MEN, WOMEN OR CHILDREN
Beecham's Pills are
Without a Rival
And have th»
LARGEST SALE
of any Patent Medicine In the World*
25c. at all Drug Stores.
AT AUCTION
—BY—
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
Salesroom— 2lB and 220 Montgomery street.
Mills Building.
PROBATE SALE
TUESDAY,
Tnesday January 25, 1808,
At 12 O'clock. Noon.
By order of Public Administra-
tor A. C. FREESE, Esq.
. REFEREE PARTITION SALE.
W. L. Harper. Referee.
Nos. 218 to 220 Ritch street, west line, 200
feet south of Bryant street; 10 flats; rents $33;
lot 50x75 feet. ' _____
ESTATE OF ELLEN SLOAS.
Broadway Corner.
S. E. corner. Jones and Broadway; lot 47x60
feet, with two frame tenements: arand marine
view; flats on this property would pay well.
ESTATE OF DANIEL DRISCOLL.
Mission and Thirtieth Sts., Extension
Lot.
"West line Clinton avenue, 300 feet south of
Berkshire street; lot 25x100; close to San Mateo
electric line.
ESTATE OF E. S. MATHEWS.
Preclta Valley Lot.
South line Prospect place. 230:9 feet west of
Columbia place; lot 30*150 feet to Mary street.
ESTATE OF TIMOTHY I. BIBLIH. Decease!
S. E. corner Clay and Leavenworth streets;
lots 35:fixl00 feet: No. 1222 Leavenworth street,
Nos. 1329-1331 Clay street; covered with sub-
stantial three-story buildings, two stores and
five flats: solid foundation; excavated base-
ment: total rents, $13S 50. ,
ESTATE OF HAETH DOUGEEm
Ripley Place Dwelling. .;. ;
North line Ripley place. 225 feet east of Pol-
Rom street: lot 50x100 feet, with two-story
house of 4 rooms.
" ESTATE 'OF. -BRIDGET HEM.
People's Homestead.
Lot No. 9, block No. 11. Silver avenue, near
Railroad avenue: lot 23x73 feet. ■ • ;•
ESTATE OF M. C. BOMEY.
Southside Lot.
East line Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 feet
south of *'J" street: lot 150x120 feet: six lots
Outside Land Block No. 742; good chance for a
speculation.
ESTATE OF JOHN S. LITTLE.
Sutter-St. Building Lot.
North line Sutter street. 137 feet W. of Scott
street: lot 30:6 2-3x164:1 fe«?t: street work done
and accepted: Putter street cars pass; grand lot
for flats or residence.
ESTATE OF JOHN TRAPP.
Twenty-fourth Street Residence.
No. 2771 Twenty-fourth street. S. line, 40 feet
east of York street: two-story bay-window
house of 8 rooms and bath: street paved and
accepted: Howard street cars pass the door;
lot 40x100 feet.
B. ESTATE OF ELIZABETH KELLY.
Mission Cottages.
Nos. 56 'and 58 Merrltt street. N. line. 36.37
feet E. of Rose street: lot 50.76x68.24 and 70 !
feet; 2 cottages, 3 rooms each: rents $12 : street
macadam; close to Eighteenth street electric
line. lj-_tM"«ilUpBßB-f
SPEAR-STREET WATER LOT.
Lot N. E. line Spear street. 153:4 feet N. TV.
from Folsom street; 1 block from water front;
splendid lot to improve; -would pay rood in-
coma. ■
ESTATE OF MARY~LARKIfI FLM,
Valencl«-St. Investment.
Nob. E2l and 521*4 Valencia street, east line, |
315 feet north of Seventeenth street: lot 32x70 !
feet; store and two flats of 5 rooms each; rents i
$50: street paved and accepted.
' ESTATE OF AMAPA DALLAS.
Polk-St. Income Property.
No*. 219-219U-2mi Polk street, west line, 4S I
feet south of Fulton street: lot 24xS2H feet; ;
three flats of 6 rooms and bath each: rents S5O: '
this property has a eat future: close to Mar-
ket street and the New City Hall.
ESTATE OF LUCILLE HELEI WIELAHD.
Elegant Residence Property.
- Northeast corner California and Webster !
•treets: lot 40x132:6 feet, also lot adjoining-
north line California street. 30x132:6 feet; street I
work all done and accepted by the ■ city. .
ESTATE OF MARY S. BRYARLY. .
Perry St. Income Property.
No. 213 Perry . street, between Fourth and
Fifth streets, Harrison and Bryant: good two-
story house of 7 rooms; rents $15; lot 25xS0
feet. .
ESTATE OF OWE!? CLEMENTS.
Richmond Lot.
East line Eighth avenue. 75 feet south of Cle-
ment street: lot 25x120 feet: street sewered and
macadamized: on line Park branch Sutro elec-
tric road.
City Land Association.
Lots 27. 2S, 29 and 30 on Ford street block
No. 11: each lot 25x100 feet: close to Ingleslde
track.
City Land Association.
Lot 27, block No. 4. Monticello street: lot 23
xIOO feet: close to Ingleslde track. ' ■■"
People's Homestead.
Lots 14. 15. 16 and 34. block No. 8. on Sweeney
and Hale streets; each lot 25x75 feet. oweeney
People's Homestead.
iotH_ra lOCk No - *■ Gaven street, near King;
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO 5 SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY
*ollow2: SepUxab " **• M9V train, will ™« a.
~ Southbound. I ' ■■-.. ) Northbound.
Pa»y. Excp'td -1 Exc-p'Ul I Daily.
l-m m" i? : 2! a-'n-lstoc-ttra 3:«5p.m.i 5:40 p.m.
ini^ >m " 1 ? : « p - m - Mercea 12:Sdp.m. H:53 £ra.
11 __"£?•' iZ\ P TO - 1 T Fresno | J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m.
I.4Ua.m. 82U p.m. Ha«forcj 45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12 15p.m. 6:40 p.m. Visalla. 1 6:40 a.m. 15:40 p.m.
; Mopping at intermediate points when require*!
Con lions— At Stockton - with~«ea_S_oa_» A
b7«-£; I- ,, C ° ' le vlr 'X San Francisco ana
Stockton. at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced wltli
•tages to — 1(1 from Snellinga. CouHervllle. etc;
al»o with stage from Uornltos. Marlp*osa. •tc. ;
! at Lankerahlm with aUse to »od tron» __a4era.
■mi - :^^_t^_^_^_9__fi_&H-_HH__
EAILROAD TRAVEL.
Koi;-rii>:it.v i'acific cojipast.
, (rAoiPto svsti-pi.l
Trnlun !«•»%»»• :««•«• ««••«• *••«• ««• ni-rl»e Mt
MAM I >» 0S« «►.
(Main Lire. Foot of Market Street.) J
LEAVE — ~ From .i AM \ Vl.lc ? — ARRtV*
•O:O"oTXi!tsTSau Joacond Way Stations... •*:!.•>*
I 7:00 a. H. ia. Bofena#tn! Sacramento ni:!,> (
7:<»Oa Marys-.il:c. OroTillcaiul Rotliling via
Woodland - 5:45
• 7:00 a Vac&villo nn'.l Kumsey H:4Zr
TiSWa Martinez, SanKatuon,yj»llejo.
CaliftGcaaadSuita r.osa «:i.sp
8M»«a Atlantic lixpreas, OgileJi ami Kiust.. SUSp
f.::««A Niks. San .losu. Stockton, lone.
■Sacramento, M»r.vs»llle, Chico.
Tehamaai:(lKe.l I'.i-i'T -»il«p
•»:ao\ retere. Slilton ami Oakdalo '.. "7:15
9sU«« New Orleans Kzprons, '.Icrccd. Ray-
mond, I'icsii.., Uakcrsii.-1.1. .Simt:i
Iterlairu. l.;« /\m««l.-«, Demiutf,
El I'asu, New Orleans and Kast. Ci-I.lr
9:00 a ValKj". Jlartinez, ileroed and
Fresno :lsp
•liOOp Sacramento Kivcr Stwninrii.... " : "i )p
l:<iOr Nik*. Han Jrsoai .V.iy Stations.. :»:!.> v
l:«Op llartlresauilWaj Statlous.: - <:J-»p
2:OOp rmorc, Mtndota, Uauford ana
Vi=alia 4:13p
.... Lirtruiore, San Jose, Xilcs aud Way
Stations. JIOtISA
li««r Mnitinc/.. Kan . Itaiiioii. V»ll.-jo,
Nai>:i, t'ii)i:itoi!ii, l''-l Vt-nimi and
Saiitiv llosa. i»iir» A
4 :«Ui' B?_icia, VaoaTfUe, Woodland.
knichts UiUtling, Mari-B\ilie, <)io- ;**. .•:
villc un.l Hmaaiiient« IO:1:> A
4t3Or Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13p
4i3Ok- Laturop, Modesto, Morce<l, lJrreuda,
Fresno, Mcjavo (lor Uur.dsburg).
Saul* Harliaraand l-os Auijrlw.. 7i45a
4:»»p Hantft ro Jtoutc, Atlantic r.xi.ress
for Mojnvo and Mart -•; 6:43p
«I5:8Op "Sunset Limited," Loa Angelen, El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Hock, St.
Louis, Chicago and Eaei §1O:1Ba.
«Ts:3«»p "Sunset Limited Annex, ElPaeo,
New Orlcanß and Eabt ..., §IOs«»a.
•s.-OOi' Ktirupeitu Mail, <>_''<"' aud Kaat.... o:4^a
6:OOpllity\Ttir«l«, Niks and Han .logo «:4.1\ •
t«:OOi> Vallojo. ■; 17»40p
CiiO<»p On-con Sacramento, Miin'B-
»ille. Itc.l.liMß, Portland, Ingot
Sound and lUiat Sil.*>4
— HAN LKA.MUtO AM) lI\Y\VAKI>S LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) _^
j'GiOOaT Z C T«1»A
8:OO* Mclrosf. Spin 1 nary Park, '!o : 4- A
l£oEt Kltriib«r , Elmhurat, :,^
U1*:00a San licnii<lro, Soul li San I ? x J-* r
t '* ! .°.?. i ! Lemndro, Estudillo, $$$*
iaVob'p Lorenzo. Cherrjr ■ t*--*?>i-
4:OOP , «5:-13p
5:O«P » nd O:«3P
5130P HK)»*r.N. ..■;'■•! >". 2'"!5 P
7:OOp £ l i} v a
S:OOp » Rung through to Nlles. ,?, :^« P
9:00p , From Niles! , 1O:SOP
tfll:lsr>> tromiNl - es - tni2;oop
t'OAS'i lUVI>IO\ (Narrow fcaiivr).
' (Foot of Market Street.)
BtlBA K«wmik,C«mtor»illu,H«ii Joae.Feltou,
Boulder Creek. 1 itul'ruz and Way
Stations 8i»«K
•»«15p Newark, Oentcrtillo, San .lose. New
Alniaden, Kr-lton, Itouliler Creek,
Santa Crux nnd I'rincii'iil Way
Stations •l«i.1«*
4:15 - Ncw;rk. Sin .lose and Los Gatos ... O:2Oa.
tll<43r Hultcrs' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations t7sg"P
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rrtmSHS FiUNCISCO— root of M»rket Strett (Slip 8)—
•7:15 9:00 11:00 a.m. }l:00 *2:03 |3:09
i •1:03 tB:30 *6:00i-.n.
fr«m 01IUHD— Feot of Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
tl2:00 *1:00 t2:00 «3:00 t4:00 *3:00lMI.
" -.- COAST 01 VISION (Broad (Jauge).
(Third and Towiisend St.'.)
6:55 a San Joso nnd \V»y Stations (New
Alinadeii Wednesdays only) «:35a
•iWa Han .lose, Tres linos, S:.nt;i Crux,
raclllc (iiore, Vaso Uobles, San
Luis <)l)iBpo, GuadalUY>c, Surf and
I'iincinal Way Stations. 4:13p
IO:4Oa San .lose and Way Stations «S:«)Oa
I1:3Oa San Jose an.l Way Stations. »:33a
•a:Sni-Sau Mateo, Redwood, Mculo Park,
Santa Clara, San .lose, Gilroy,
Holllster, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Mouieiey and r.cilic «iro»e *IO:4Oa
•:«:13i- San .lose and Principal Way Stations *0:(>Oa
•4tl9p San Jose mi. l Principal Way Stations 9:4.>
•5:O«lp Sau Jose and Principal Way Stations l:3Op
3:3(»p San .lose aud Principal Way Stations S::JOp
. «:»Op San Jose ami Way .Stations 7:«<»p
t11:43p San Jose and Way Stations 7:!iOp
A for Morning. 1' for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
tr Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
■I Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesday* and Saturdays.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL..
WEEK DATS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m. ; IJ:K,
8:80. 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*-- Extra trips at 1:54
and li.-so p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. .9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. S:M
S:00, 6:20 p. m. - - ■ * -■ • - ■
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m.:
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trtp«
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
B:0fl. 6:25 p. m. -X*
Between San Francisco . and Schuet2en Park V
tame schedule as above. ' ' 'if
Leave _ >frix.t * Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 24, ' San Franci! »c*
Week i Sun- I npot^tion Sun " i Wee i
Days. I days. | Peaunauon daya. ; I days.
7:30 a.m. IS :ooa.m. Novato. j 10:40 a.m. i 8:40 a.m.
»:Sop.m. i9 :3oa.m. \ Petaluma. | 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:lUp.m. !5:00p.m. ; Santa lioh:v '• 7:36 p.m. t::'.'Jp.m.
Fulton, ~
7-^Oa.m. Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg 1 ,
L,ytton, ■
. Geyservllle,
3:33 p.m. :00a.m. ' Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. : 6:22p.r0.
__ __ _______________ _,
Hopland aud
7:30 a.m. 1 8 00a.m. I Uklah. [ 7:35p.n_ 6:22 p.m.
7:30 a.m. 1 I 10:25 a.m.
S :00a.m. Guernevllle. 7:35 p.m.
:30p.m. .""-';' [__ ! 6:22 p.m.
7 :SUa.ui.S :00a.m. : Sonoma ; 10.40 a.m. ] 8:40 a.m.
ana
5:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. 1 Glen Ellen, i 6:10 p.m.i 6:23 p.m.
7 :Soa.m. 18 :00 a.m. 1 SebastcnoL |10:40a.m.]10:25a.m.
3:30p.m.15:00p.m.l oeDaatcpoL { 7:35p.m.| 7:2 2 p.m.
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyservllle for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland tot
Highland Springs, ■ Kelseyville, Soda Bar
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vti.hx Si. ings, Saratoga Spiln^% Blue Lakes.
Laurel Dell I_ike, Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley. John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's Buck-
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's. Buck-
rell's. Sanhedrin Heights. HuUvllle, Boouevllle.
Orr's ■ Hot Springs, Mendoclno City. Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all poinu
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcla
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Ant.
_ __ ____________ -
~_— _—._.. i.. .. >-_] CALIFORNIA
|^^m|S limited.
Iffifffll^^l SAN FRANCISCO
|Wjik\i.Eggji GH! A > GOi
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. in.
MONDAYS, THURSDAYS AND
SATURDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. •
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Paiace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
3^4 days to Chicago, 4^ days to .New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
j Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
j Palace and Pullman Tourist. Sleeping Cars on
fast time. Direct connection in Chicago and
Kansas City for all Eastern points.
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, Sil Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
153). Oakland office. HIS Broadway. Sacra-
, mento office. 201 J street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
'Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19. 1897.
WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •»:».
11:30 a. m.;.» 1:45. 3:4.".. '5:15, 6:00. «:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. in.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and Ran Rafael- «S:00. 'lOrOa.
•11:30 a. m. . '1:15, 3:00. '4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. .
THROUGH TRAINS.
!:SR a. m. weekdays for <'iz;idero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fat
Duncan Mills and w«v stations: 8:00 a. ra.
Sunday* for Point Reyes and way station*.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry).
Leave San Francisco, commencing Novem-
ber 13. l^i-7 : -
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m
Sundays— s:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 n m
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1 w
THOS c C6OK & SON, Asebtß. m Market J
, ytrf»'t. San Frnnclso...
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS THE
great Mexican Remedy ; gives health and
i a*ren«th to th« sexual organa. ne ** l « aoaALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
BRAVE MEN
OF OAKLAND
Beaten Years Ago They
Always Return to
the Fray.
One of the Peculiar Things in
Politics Across the
Bay.
Time for the Council to Put Its Foot
Down on Some Park
Humbugs.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
SOS Broadway, Jan. 23.
There are some brave men in Ala
ir.eda County. They never know when
they are beaten, and they never seem
able to realize that they are not in de
mand and that the public is not tumb
ling over itself in frantic efforts to do
them homage. Of course, these indi
viduals are politicians, or they so esti
mate themselves, and it is hard to con
vince them that, as a matter of fact,
they were on the shelves when they
•were born so far as politics Is con
cerned, and will be till the end of their
days.
Just at this time this band of the
afflicted is very numerous. They have
figured out that there is a "prospect"
for them this year much nearer home
than the Klondike. They live by the
methods known to leeches for many
months prior to an election, and how
they keep from starving at other times
the world knoweth not. As convention
time approaches they are able to beg
or control enough credit to get a feu
hundred cards printed with their faces
on them, and they duly appear as can
didates for any old thing, of course
"subject to the Republican (or some
other) county convention. " In some
Instances they are enabled to get their
cards printed in the county press, but
as this branch of advertising is gener
ally paid for in advance, these brave
fellows depend mostly for publicity on
electric light masts and country fences.
This kind of thing goes on every
where, but in other counties they seem
eventually to learn that they are not
sr, demand. In Alameda County these
warriors never learn, and the fact that
some of the old-time itchers for office
are not now in the field is due to the
fact that death has intervened since
the last election. It would be impos
sible in one edition to print the muster
roll of these political braves in this
county, and to individualize would be
L They are not strangers, unfor
tunately, and are known from Corral
Hollow to the bay.
No one can he»p admiring their pluck
as they return to the inevitable defeat
with unfailing promptness. They are
sincere too. with that sincerity that is
the child of desperation. They are •be
ing mentioned" now at the rate of
about four a day, though it would be
a hard task to find out who is doing
the mentioning. They are also to be
pitied. They have to live and as a rule
they would never have commenced to
chase a forlorn hope but for the fact
that they have failed in all business
they ever engaged in. Yet they are
never aware of the fact that their big
£^st and most continuous failure has
been in politics. They are amusing
while they are with us, but they should
not be looked upon too harshly. Sooner
or later, like a good many successful
politicians, they find a shelter in a
State hospital or the county infirmary.
Xext Monday night if the City Coun
cil can read the trend cf public opinion
It will entertain and pass a resolution
to lay the whole park matter on the
table. There is no desire for a park
and never was. The people have not
i for one and do not seem to ap
preciate the fact that the controversy
arose when a real estate man offered
to sell a large tract to the city for a
generous price. Then every other real
estate dealer who had any kind of an
old section to dispose of calleu it a
tract, gave a free picnic to the grounds
and generously offered it for sale at
any number of prices. The proceeding
has been a farce from beginning to end
and has now become so ridiculous that
its further discussion is beneath the
dignity of the city government. Any
body that thinks the people of this city
will vote bonds for half-a-minion dol
lars" worth of srhemes and jobs is piti
fully ignorant of the truth.
OaJcland is ready for the next bubble.
If New York is bad politically and
morally because of the principles of
Crokerism, for the same reason Oak
land is immaculately pure. Croker be
lieves in doing everything possible to
keep his party intact and not a street
sweeper can live in the great metropo
lis who does not bow to the crouched
tiger. In Oakland we go to the other
extreme. There is neither party pat
ronage, civil service nor any other sys
NEW TO-DAY.
London Graphic
states that the saleof cocoa has increased in the \
British Isles enormously in the last few years \
and the time will come when it will entirely '
supplant tea. The trouble with tea is that '
its protracted use plays havoc with the dige-- ',
tion and tit-rvr. cf most people, while cocoa }
is sustaining and digestible and has no ob- <
( jectiouable effects. {
GHIRARDELLI'S \
COCOA, |
\ the fresh Pacific Coast cocoa, Is the favorite '.
} cocoa of all and always the freshest— Si cups
/ 25 c:s. :. .', -- )
i' ' 2
'I < With every can of cocoa isgiTen^ \
< { by your grocer a sample cake of \ I
( } Ghirardelli's delicious Monarch { {
\ ) chocolate. < (
tem prevalent In politics except that '
which exists under a halo of suspicion.
As a result everybody admires the
party discipline of New York although
BODM cavil at it on general principles,
and those who know Oakland are
amused at the political clowns masking
Ml "party" men. The only explanation ;
to be offered is that those who are re- |
sponsible for the present incompetency ,
and tomfoolery in the different depart
ments realize that they are politically
dead and intend to take as much selfish
benefit as possible before retribution
is meted out to them.
The chameleon politician is already
on deck. This peculiar brand is indige
nous to Oakland, and his existence is
only made possible by the fact that
this city is so split up by factional and
personal political strife that any one
of his prevailing hues can always find
some mirror to reflect it.
No matter what the dominant ques
tion be in politics, whether religious, a
water company fight, an anti-railroad
spasm, or any other of Oakland's ail
ments, this clever fellow can always
don a suit that seems to fit the oc
casion, and the peculiar part of his ex
istence is that no one ever calls him a
hypocrite, but refers to him as a smart
fellow.
There are several of th«=se to be
found Just now. but they are undecided
what to do next. Many projects are
in the wind, but it Is not safe at this
early date to make a wild jump toward
any" particular platform, neither is it
safe to deny any particular affiliation.
The chameleon politician for the next
few weeks is badly tied up, but more
interesting than usual on that account,
everybody wondering which way he
will jump.
The curious are asking these political
factotums what kind of argument it is
that causes them to change their ideas
and they will continue to ask. for the
"arguments" in such cases do not see
the light of day. but rhanere hands
secretly PTT'VRT W. BOOTH.
SOME SUNDAY SERMONS.
Themes Heard in the Various Pul-
pits Include the Golden
Jubilee.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— There was special
music at St. Paul's Episcopal Church this
evening with a full vested choir of boys
and men. Miss Margaret Gaskill ren
dered the offertory solo.
Rev. E R. Dllle. D.D., pastor of the
First Methodist Episcopal Church, recog
nized the Golden Jubilee by special ser
vices this evening. His theme was "Cali
fornia's Golden Jubilee." There was also
special music. The attendance was very
large.
Rev. C. R. Brown preached his second
sermon In a series on "Popular Unbelief."
taking for his theme "Unbelief as to the
Bible?'
Rev. J. E. Bushnell, D.D. . pastor of the
English Evangelical Lutheran Church,
preached a very practical sermon to
night on "Gatherings From East and
West."
"Our Golden Jubilee" was the theme of
an interesting discourse by the Rev. S.
S. Palmer of the Brooklyn Presbyterian
Church to-night. It was listened to by a
good-sizod audience.
Rev. T. D. Butler preached on "The
Last of Dlscipleship" this evening at the
Firs: Christian Church. His audiences
are growing steadily and the church
work under his pastorate prospering.
Rt-v. C. If. Hill attended the dedication
of the Fresno Baptist Church building to
day, and in his absence Rev. James Suth
erland occupied his pulpit this morning
and Rev. D. J. Pierce of Berkeley occu
pied it this evening.
CLASS GOMES SCHEDULED.
The Championship to Be Decided
Within the Next Two
Weeßs.
BERKELEY, Jan. Within the next
two weeks the series of lnterclass base
ball games will be played on the Univer
sity campus and the silver cup now held
by the class of '98 will be re-awarded.
The seniors have twice won the trophy
and they will make every effort to win
it a third time and thus have it for good.
j Manager G. L. Cross and Captain W. B.
Hoag have arranged a schedule for the
class games as follows: Wednesday, Jan
uary 26, Seniors vs. Juniors; Friday, Jan
uary 2S, Sophomores vs. Freshmen; Wed
nesday, February 2. winners of '98-"99 vs.
, winners of '00-'Ol; Saturday, February 5
winners of above vs. Dental Colleger
final contest for championship.
The dental college team, the only rep
resentative from the colleges In San
Francisco, is unusually strong this year
Much new material has been added to
last year's team, which came near win
ning championship, being defeated in
the finals by the seniors. Charles Kus
ler, who played shortstop on the college
i rune last year is captain and first base
I for the dentals. W. Henderson, who has
twice played on the dental nine, has been
selected manager.
A team composed of former California
and Stanford players Is being formed to
play a series of games with the *Vars>ity
: nines of Stanford and California The
alumni players include, among others
Allen Elston. McKee, Abe Lewis. Halli
day. Sheehan Harrelson. McLean and
Follansbee They will play the Stanford
team in San Francisco on February 5
and the University of California team on
x 1x 1 c DrutLry i>_.
HE USED HIS REVOLVER.
Officer Murcell Loses hfis Head
and Shoots at a Scboolboy.
OAKLAND, Jan. 23.— Officer Murcell
* one of the newly appointed policemen'
fired his revolver at a schoolboy this af
ternoon, whose worst misdemeanor was
train-jumping. His poor aim or his cx
i citement is the only thing that kept him
from injuring the boy.
John Arrouge. of Z>l Sixth street and a
i companion, rode down on the Narrow
gauge train to Seventh and Webster
and jumped off. Officer Murceli took
them into custody and walked to the pa-
I trol box to ring for the wagon. As he
let go of Arrouge's companion to open
i the box, the little lellow darted away on
a run. •
••Stop or I'll shoot." exclaimed the of
, ficer, pulling a revolver out of his pocket
This made the lad go the faster and Mur
cell took a shot at him. at the same time
starting after him. dragging the Arrouge
! boy along. The little fellow turned a cor
ner immediately after the shot was fired,
; but as the officer turned the corner, it is
said, he shot again, but this is denied.
He took his prisoner into the City
i Prison, where Captain Wilson was clos
; eted with him for som<? time. He then
resumed his beat, and Miss Arrouge
bailed her brother out, putting up $6.
Girls Said to Have Fought.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— 1t is reported from
'. Pleasanton that two girls named Minnie
| Hoover and Alice Neal fought a flve-
I round fight last Thursday in a ring near
i one of the Chadbourne warehouses. The
girln. it is said, quarreled over a suitor.
! and Miss Neal proved the winner. No'
■ one will discuss the matter, and no one
I can be found who saw the affair, but
many declare the rumor to be without
foundation.
Had a Narrow Estape.
OAKLAND, Jan. B.— Mr. ar.d Mrs C
F. Thompson, a San Francisco merchant
took hlB mother and two children out
for a ride in a surrey this af
ternoon and they were all dumped out at
the corner r.f Twe'.fth and Grove
streets. None o? them were seriously in
jured beyond the shock, although they all
lih.l a narrow escape from death. The
; wbeels catching in the car tracks caused
I the accident.
St. Mary's College Baseball.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— A most exciting
game of baseball was played on the cam
pus of St. Mary's College this afternoon
between the St. Mary's College nine and
the Young Mascots of San Francisco
Opportune batting by the college team
and brilliant fielding by both sides char
acterized the game throughout. The col
lege team proved the victors. Score 11 to
10.
Ta Cure a Cold lr> One Day.
Take Laxative Bromo Qulnln Tablets. All
druggrists refund the money If !t falls to cur©
tSc. The genuine has U B. Q. on each tablet
THE SAX FBAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24. 1898.
ASSAULTED AT
HIS DOORWAY
Strange Attack on James
A. Joyce, an Oakland
Merchant.
Peculiar Story of the Man Who
Claims to Have Assisted
Him.
Tolls of a Mysterious St--anger, but
His Tale is Regarded as
Fictitious.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— James A.Joyce,
one of the best known merchants In
this city, whs found unconscious on the
sidewalk late to-night on Thirteenth
street, between Clay and Washington
streets. The unconscious merchant
was found by Mr. Gard Just outside his
place of business. Gard says as soon
as he saw Joyce he went to his assist
ance, and while trying to lift him. a
stranger came up and gave him a stiff
blow in the face, knocking him down.
The stranger then ran away, and noth
ing is known of his Identity.
Gard notified the police and Joyce
was taken to the Receiving Hospital,
where an examination showed that the
base of his skull was fractured. He
was bleeding from the ears and uncon
scious and his injuries are very serious,
although from present Indications the
doctors do not think they are likely to
prove fatal. Mr. Gard told his story
at the police station. He was not badly
injured, although he received some
bruises on his face. He cannot explain
how Joyce came to be on the sidewalk,
and was so surprised when struck him
self that he cannot give a clear account
of his assailant.
Boon after the accident Miss M. Mac-
Miller, residing at 716 Ninth, reported
to the police that she had seen all the
trouble, and her story differs materi
ally from that told by Gard. She says
that she was on a car and saw two
men on Thirteenth street struggling.
She saw one knock the other down
and told the conductor she thought he
was killed. She is positive that there
were only two men in the block and
that no one ran away. Officer McCar
thy was sent to her house to investi
gate, and she repeated the story to
him.
Captain Fletcher says that when Gard
went to the police station he had a cut
on the chin, his hat was smashed and
he looked as though he had passed
through a severe struggle with some
one.
LEFT THE PULPIT.
Rev. Edwards Davis, Pastor of the
Central Cbristian Church,
Resigns.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— Rev. Edwards
Davis, pastor of the Central Christian
Church, presented his resignation to the
congregation to-day, and it was accepted,
with an expression of regret. To-night
he bade farewell to his congregation and
preached his last sermon as pastor. He
announced that Rev. J. H. Garrison
editor of the Evangelist of St. Louis, Mo.,
would occupy his pulpit next Sunday.
"This is the last sermon I shall preach
as pastor of this church," said Mr. Davis
at the opening of his service to-night. I
am mindful of all the kindnesses shown
me and the support of the membersmp
in the past. I am not going to say good
by to you. for I have no intention of
leaving Oakland. I can assure my friends
that I am not going on the stage —
the stage of life, on which I have been
acting for some years."
Elder James M. Wiphart. chairman of
the church officers, presented the resigna
tion of the pastor, and at to-night's serv
ice said he felt, from the looks on the
faces of those in the congregation, that
they were at a funeral. lie felt bo him
self. "Our Brother Davis is one of the
grandest orators in the pulpits of Cali
fornia." he said, "and the prayers of this
church will go with brother Davis wher
ever he goes or whatever he does." «
Joseph Marshall Injured.
OAKLAND. Jan. 23.— Joseph Marshall
of Vallejo and San.«ome struts s
Francisco, was badly injured at the pier
to-night. He was returning from his
brother-in-law's funeral at San Lr-andro
with an empty hark, when he drorjped
the reins am! the horses ran away. They
came in contact with one of the signal
posts and smashed everything to pieces.
Marshall was thrown heavily to the
ground, and is supposed to have been in
jured internally.
Christian Endeavor Election.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 23.— The Junior T. P.
! S. C. E. of the First Baptist Church held
an election of officers yesterday afternoon
with the following result: President, Har
ry Spencer; vice-president. Bruce Spen
j cer; secretary, Reta Worson; treasurer
i Emma Moody.
Baseball Came.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 23.— There was a well
contested game of baseball this afternoon
at Recreation Park between the T". s
I Club of this city, made up mostly of
postoffice employes, and the White Hnus^
! nine of San Francisco, which resulted in
a victory for the first-named club by a
score of 14 to 9. \
The Late MRS. FRANCES LOLITA AMADA GREEN, Who At
tendei trc Inaugural Ball of California's First American Governor.
KILLED HIS
VICTIM IN
COLD BLOOD
Arrest of a Murderer
Who Is Wanted in
This City.
F. C. Cretzer Apprehended
by the Sheriff of
Vallejo.
He Is Charged With Killing
Charles Koelling With
a Brickbat.
WILL BE BROUGHT BACK.
Taken Into Custody Upon a
Dispatch Sent From
Fresno.
F. C. Cretxer, who is wanted In this
city for murder, is under arrest at Val
lejo. He was arrested there several
days ago on a telegraphic dispatch
from Fresno, charging him with burg
lary.
Last night Chief Lees was notified
that the much-wanted murderer was
safe in jail.
On the night of May 13, 1895, Cretzer
engaged in a row with a man named
Charles Koelling. and getting the worst
of the encounter he threatened to re
turn and kill his adversary. He then
left the saloon, but returned In a
few minutes armed with a brickbat.
Walking up to his victim he hurled the
brick at him. striking him in the head.
Koelling's skull w;is fractured by the
blow and he died a few days later.
Cretzer left the scene Immediately
after the assault, and. despite the ef
forts of the police, he managed to elude
arrest.
He was traced to Fresno, but before
he could be apprehended he skipped
out.
Shortly after being thrown in Jail the
Sheriff of the county recognized him as
the man who was wanted for the mur
der of Koelling. He at first denied hlB
guilt, but finally admitted that he was
the man for whom the police of this
city had been looking for nearly
two ypars. He asked that the Fresno
authorities be first notified, as he
wanted to be tried for the crime com
mitted in that city. The Sheriff re
fused to listen to him, and. after satis
fying himself that he was the assailant
of Koelling. he at once communicated
with Chief Lees.
Last night a picture of the prisoner
was pent to police headquarters, and
he was at once recognized as the brutal
murderer of Koelling. To-day an offi
cer will leave this city to bring the
fugitive back.
Municipal Leauge Organization.
ALAMEDA. Jar.. 23.—The newly organ
ized Municipal LeadM, which has for its
object the eschewal of partisanship in lo
cal political matters, the adoption of the
referendum principle and the selection of
the best men available for municipal of
fice, completed its organization last even
inb by the election of permanent officers,
as follows: George A. Bordwell. presi
dent; J. J. Tobin. first vice-president: Dr.
G. A. Moore, second vice-president; F. W.
Voogt. secretary: Harp.- Ralph Elster,
assistant secretary; E. J. Dodge, treas
urer; C. L. Herrmann, ?. rgeant at arms.
The league will hold r« gular monthly
meetings. There are sixty-two charter
members and one of the cardinal princi
ples of the association is "no assessments
upon candidates for office."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. J.in. 23,-Th.p funeral of
Mrs. Harriet P. Little, wife nt Captain M.
J. Little of North Berkeley, took place
to-day from her late residence, 14<j6 Henry
■
X.-v. John Coyle of Trinity Methodist
Church. Berkeley, preachrd this evening
on "The Dance of Death."
Rev. Y. G. Bronson, president of the
California College, preached tn i 3 evening
at the Baptist C'hurrh.
Survivor of the Dooner Party.
Staying at the Palace is W. G. Jefferds,
an old gentleman who has a history
which is part of the history of the State
whose Golden Jubilpe he has journeyed
down from his mountain home to witness
Though far advanced in years his
health is still robust and his mind clear.
To repeat his story is to tell what Is al
ready familiar to every school boy from
Maine to the Golden Gate.
He Is one of th* survivors of the
famous and ill-fated Donncr party.
B'nal B'rlth Grand Lodge.
The thirty-fifth session of the District
Grand I.odpe of the Independent Order of
B'nai B'rith was opened yesterday morn
ing in the Masonic Hall of the B'nai
B'rith building.
The reports of the grand officers Rive
in detail the work done during the year
ISS7. The grrand president in his message
says that the net grain in membership la
gratifying, and Is mainly due to the ac
cession of two new lodges with a mem
bership of one hundred. He also called
attention to the small ratio of suspen
sions and withdrawals.
The report of the grand secretary shows
that at the close of 1597 the total bene
ficiary membership was 2112 and non
beneficiary 252. a total of 2384. and that
the net gain, the first since IS&4, was 19.
The assets on the last day of the year
amounted to $91,000. a net gain of $SSO. The
widows' and orphans" fund shows collec
tions to the last day of the year $393,531,
dlsbursempnts $366,000, of which SaO.QOJ was
paid in 1897.
Sarj Francisco Oratoriai Society.
A great deal of Interest Is being center
ed In the coming production of Haydn's
"Creation." The Oratorlal Society will be
augmented by auxiliary members. The
soloists are: Soprano, Mrs. Beatrice Fine;
tenor, Mr. Rhys Thomas; bass Mr. Wal
ter C. Campbell: Mrs. L. J. Murdoch, the
pianist; Mr. Henry Bretherick. the organ
ist, and Mr. James Hamilton Howe, the
conductor.
Jesus a Model
Rev. George C. Adams of the First Con
gregational Church spoke on "Jesus as an
Example to Business Men" yesterday. He
referred to the personal accomplishments
of the Savior, and to his ready resource
under trying circumstances, his straipht
forwardnesss and his truth. The speaker
saM the character of Christ was the
strongest the world has ever seen.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath It, If any. the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in Inches
and hundredth^ during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and Is usually accompanied
by fair weather: "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high In the interior an.l low
along th» coast, and the isobars extend north
and south alone the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is Im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The
rever** of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
H2oth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 23. 6 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations 24 Hours. Season. Season
Eureka 0 34 13 « 23.09
Red Bluff 0 6*o 12.09
Sacramento 0 5.28 7.19
San Francisco 0 6.12 11.14
San Luis Oblspo 0 2.52 9.75
Fresno 0.01 2.30 4.*)
Los Angeles Trace 3.73 8.44
San Diego 0.06 3.20 6.99
Yuma .. .. 0 1.06 4.76
San Francisco temperature: Maximum 48,
minimum 39, mean 44.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
of the Pacific Slope. It has fallen rapidly
over Arizona and Southern California.
The temperature has fallen over the entire
country west of the Rocky Mountains. Over
Montana and Southern Idaho and also In
Western Nevada there has been a fall In tem
perature of 16 deg. or more. In the great val
leys of California the temperature Is from 7
to 9 deg. below the normal.
Rain has fallen In small amounts over
Northwestern California and Southern Oregon.
Snow Is falling In Nevada.
The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka. 34 miles" per hour from the
north; Sacramento. 2S north; Fri»no. 32 north
west: Yuma. 34 west.
Conditions are favorable for heavy frosts In
California Monday morning if the wind dies.
Forecasts made nt San Francis^ for thirty
hours ending midnight January 24.
Northern California— F"air Monday; con
tinued cold weather with heavy frosts In the
morning; northerly wind.
Southern California — Fair Monday: con
tinued cold weather with heavy frosts In the
morning: northerly wind.
Nevada— Llirht snow early Monday morn
ine: cloudy Monday.
Utah— Cloudy Monday: continued cold
weather.
Arizona— Fair Monday: colder near Phoenix
and east.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Monday:
continued cold weather: probably heavy frost
In the morning: light northerly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpals. taken
at 5 p. — Cloudy: wind, north. 24 miles;
temperature, 35; maximum temperature. 3S.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January. ISW.
Mo
—
Ei
Fr.
s.-
Moon's Phases.
1
Oi Full Moon.
if Jan. 7.
—
I
2
4 j
Ii
•
I I
I
i Jan.
■
is |
"I
a
1 i
i
I i
17
13
20
21
22
fiy. New Moon,
Ye/ Jan. 23. i
I i
—
—
v
»
i X '
■
■
»
i i
r i
I |
■m First Qi
W Jan.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
eeott Crescent City —
rc*t» Coos Bay _
>lum Portlana
>jitlc China and Japan .r.TT.v.
inia Rosa. 'San Dlesro „
)iri'">na | HumbOiaißay
ncklnaw Tacoma
)o« B»v ...... Newport ..'
alia Wa11a. . . ! Victoria and Puset Snd...
in Matco — Comox.. '
>tt»»oClty....l?»ew York
?.l Korte. Grays Harbor
■iz.nba Mexico
je*>n.., San V>\pgo „
in Bias ■-. .. Panama .'.
s»teor<'al Poru.ina
Blanchanl. Yaqulna Bay - ■•.. j
Illance .... Yukon
■Mills . .. Victoria * Pnsrpt Sna.'..:.
iy of R!oJ... China and Jinan ....
Jan 24
Jan 24
Jan 25
Jan 25
Jan 25
.inn 25
Jan 26
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
ATIOX
tTUt.
I
.lblon Stairway Jan 25, 6 pm ;
ÜBtralia.. nonolnlu Jan 35. 2 hi :
10zner..... Newport.-.. .. Jan 2VBav :
resident.. Yaquina Bay. Jin 2... 10 am I
it-cat* . . Coos Bar-... Jan 25.12 M ]
zarlna Coos Buy ..... J:»n 25. 5 i>m "
V>«?0it...... HumbidtU.iT. Jan 2G, 9 am
lty Pnebla Vie It Pst Snd Jan 2«, 9 an
'«»ru . Chins JtJapati. Jan 28. -.1 P»r
'000na.... HumMdtUar. Jan 25. 5 ry
reecent C Crc«c<"n: City. Jan 28. I r M
anta Rosa San D:«co Jan 27, 11 am
niumoia.. rortlnna.. Jan 2?. 10 am
010n. .;...". Panama ..... Jan 23. 13 : M
'oo* Bar.. Newport .; Jan "-N. 9 am
>el Norte. . Grays Harbor Jan »i. 13 . m
VaUa WilalTlc&P Sound , Jzu Si. <t AMI
in!
■ 11
■ I*
S3
• 11
r »
r •
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to San
Franolsco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The hiph and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharD about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point •
the height of tide is the sam<- at both places.
JANUARY— IS9B.
■ . Monday, Janua: y 21.
Sunrises 7-19
Sets .5:25
Moon seta 8:35 p m
! i. w!
'Feet I ™™' Feet SESlpteei
H W T. W
2:36
3:12
3:43
<:M
5:21
1:83
5:32
3:56
4:.' 2
«:?.)
8:18
8:\
'.'■;
i
3:32
1:41
141
1.3.
1.0
I
NOTE.— In the above exposttlon of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
Record time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column fie third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
riven are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus slim i' — ) precedes the height and
then the number given I? subtractlve from th«
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branrh of the United States Hydrngraphle
O'fic. located in the Merchants' Exchange, !s
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
manners without regard to nationality and
fiw of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
light?, dangers to navigation and all matter*
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. <^al.
A notice stating whether me time ball wm
dropped on time or givinsr the error. If any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning r-apers the following
day. W. S. HT-GHKP.
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. In charg».
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 22.
Stmr Washtenaw. Crcsscup. 79 hours from
Tacoma; 4000 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland
direct.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerrund. 12 hours from
Greenwood; lumber, to L E White Lumber
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. 14 hours fm
Fort Bragg; 350 M ft lumber, to Union Lum
ber Co.
Stmr Cresrent City. Stockfleth. 32 hours frm
Crescent City; pass and mdse, to Hobbs,
Wall * Co.
Bark Columbia, Gove. 9 days from Port
Blakeley; lumber, to Renton, Holmes & Co.
Sunday. January 23.
Stmr Geo Loomis. Brlduett. 44 hours from
Ventura: 6250 bbls oil. to Pacific Coast Oil Co.
Aus stmr Burma. Mlkullcich. 90 hours from
Nanalmo; 4233 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld'i
Sons.
Ptmr Empire, Nelson, 48 hours from Coos
Bay; md»e. to Oregon Coal & Nay Co.
Stmr Willamette, Hansen, 76 hours from
Seattle; 23' X) tons coal, to Pacific Coast Co.
ftmr President. Nelson, 52 hours from Ya
qulna Bay; pass and mdse, to Oregon Central
& Eastern R R Co.
Br stmr Bristol. Mclntyre, 80 hours Xi° m
r>eparture Bay; 2300 tons coal, to R Dum
mulr Sons Co.
Ship Sintram, Larsen. 6 days from Depar
ture Bay; 2400 tons coal, to Geo Frltoh.
Shin Luclle. Anderson. 7*4 days from Seat
tle; 20Si tons coal, to Pacific Coast Co.
Bark A>x McNeil. Jorgenson, 12 days from
Seattle; 1&/3 tons coal, to Pacific Coast Coal
Co.
Schr Maid of Orleans. Arff. R days from
Grays Harbor; lumber, to S E Slade Lumber
Co.
Schr Vega. Rasmussen. 10 days from Port
Blakeley; SCO M ft lumber, to Renton. Holmes
& Co.
Schr Five Brothers. Jensen. 8 hours from
Bihlers Point, posts and grape vine sticks, to
J Johnson.
Schr S Danlelpon. Nelson, 20 hours from
Mendoclno: 115 M ft lumber, to MenSoclno
Lumber Co.
SAILED.
Sunday. January 13.
Ptmr Queen. Debney. San Diego.
Ptmr Whltesboro. Johnson.
Stmr Coqullle River, Thompson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr Rival. Johnson, Fort Bragc.
Stmr San Jose, Pillsbury. San Jose de
Guatemala.
Stmr State of California. Green, Astoria.
Stmr Lag-una. Peterson.
Stmr Alex Duncan. Shea. San Diego.
Schr Czar, Hutman. Mazat'.an.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 2S. 10 p. m.— Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 20 miles.
MISCELLANEOUS.
The tug Rescue arrived Jan 22 and reports
left Timber Cove with ill-fated schr Chris
tina Steffens In tow. and when about one
mile out schr capsized and In that position
was towed down to Bolinas. This morning at
• o'clock windla«s or schr carried away, caus
ing hawser of tug to come adrift from schr.
and as there was no way of (retting fast
again vessel was left floating bottom up.
An unknown srhr sank some time during
the night off the bell on Angel Island: schoon
er's boat was seen on the beach, so it is sup
posed that crew Is safe.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— In hay. Jan 23— Bktn J
M Griffiths, from Port Gamble for San Pedro
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan 23— Bark Tidal
Wave, for Tacoma.
Arrived Jan 23— Schrs Fred E Sanders and
Corona, from Tacoma; srhr Endeavor, from
Seattle; brie Courtney Ford, from Olympia.
ASTORIA-Sailed Jan 23— Stmr Columbia,
for Pan Francisco.
POINT RKVKS— Passed Jan 23— Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro for Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan 22— Br ship Senator,
from Royal Roads.
MENDOCINO— saiIed Jan 22— Schr S Danlel
son. for San Franrisoo.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Excelsior,
hence Jan IS: stmr Santa Cruz, from Alaska.
Sailed Jan 23 — Stmr Noyo, for Dyea
PORT BLAKELET— SaiIed Jan 23— Bktn
Amelia, for Honolulu.
FOP.KTGN PORTS.
NANAIMO— SaiIed Jan 22— Bark Rufus E
Wood, for San Francisco.
CHEMULPO— Arrived Jan 52— Haw schr
Honolulu, from Port Gamble.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr La
Champagne, from Havre; stmr Rotterdam, fm
Rotter dam.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Jan 23— Stmr Aura
nla. from Liverpool for New York.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 23— Stmr Umbrla.
from New York.
Black Spots —— Eyes
r^^^K^X, ''\-z$ half the picture on the priffe,
el^^SSB re<^' ou aye ac^ such
B^^ B an experience. By and by
!ffl|| ,J^L^^^if v ''M a headache comes.
AN OCCASIONAL RIPANS TABULE
WILL PREVENT ITS, RETURN, i i
LlZAßD— Passed Jan 23 — Stmr La Gascogne,
for Havre.
IMPORTATIONS.
YAQUINA BAY— Per President— 4 sks bark,
"11 sks oats. 2073 sks wheat. 612 sks flour. 1
pkfc f>atterns. 13 cs eggs. 14 bdls hides and
pelts, R pkgs mdse, 2 cs produce. 8 coops
chickens. 1 sk beeswax. 1 coop geese, 14 eds
stave bolts. 1 bbl liquor. S3 ske grape root.
COOS BAY— Per Empire— l3s pkgs mdse. 1
cs cigars, 37 bdls green hides. 1 bdl D hides. 2
bbls tallow, 7SB bxs apples. 2 bxs butter, 3 cs
cheese. 1315 sks potatoes. — Mft lumber. 6 pcs
lumber. 6 staves, 4 pkgs express, 2 sks coin,
600 tons coal.
CRESCENT CITY— Per Crescent City— 2lo M
ft lumber. 3 cs mdse. 7 cs meat. 35 bxs apples.
2 bxs butter, 3 csks hides, 1 bdl pelts, 2 chats
express, 1 bag coin.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Empire— Arctic Oil Works: Standard
Oil Co; Wellman, Peck & Co; San Francisco
Brewing Co: Simpson Lumber Co; W B Sura
ner & Co; E Lewis; Immel & Co: Erlanger &
Galingcr: Marshall, Teggart & Co: D M Boll
man & Co: Dalton Bros; McDonough & Runy
on Home Supply Oo; Hunt. Hatch Co; Labor
Exchanjrs; M Kirohmann & Co: P A Buell &
Co: Thomas Loughran: Capt Reed: Jas Ney
man: Wells, Fargo & Co: O C &. N Co.
Per Crescent City— Hobbs, Wall & Co; D T
C Perkins & Co: Klngan 4 Co: W F Mitchell:
C E Whitney & Co; Thos Denigan's Son &
Co: Wells. Fargo ft Co; Standard OH Co.
Per President— H Dutard: Moore, Ferguson
& Co; C J Lelst & Co; Anspaeher Bros; E R
Stevens & Co: Rutterlck Pub Co: Chas Jacob
son: W C Price & Oo: California Barrel Co;
E Baruch; Gadiiln & Cioora: H Waideck &
Co: Standard Oil Co: W P Ulriehs.
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
»Cm- HEARST ST. Established
fIF? V^l« in 1 354 for the treatment of Private
ULUW-Jw Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
* .ftfgaJHga disease wearing on bodyand mind and
t^H^V^^B .Skin Diseases. Thedoctorcnreswbeii
-^M9HM others fall. Try him. Charges low
(iii<»ciiara»lf<;l. Caliorwritf.
r»r. .1. k. .. rnitOX. Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
—
OCEAN TRAVEL
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSffIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf >N»a.
San Francisco, as follows: attSSeK
For ports In Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 6, 11. It,
21. 26, 31. and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Town-
send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Belllngham 'Bay. Wash.), 9
a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 16. 21. 28. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry., at Taccma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry.. and com*
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po*
mona. 2 p. m.. Jan. 1. 5. 10. 14. 18. 22. M, 31,
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20. 26. 29.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford CSan Luis Oblspo). Gavt-
ota. Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hueneme, San
Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5. 9. 13. 17, 21. 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ibrd (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7, 11. 15. 19, 23. 27. 31. and every
fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalen* Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altnta. La Paz. Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mcx). 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing date*
Br ,rf hm-r, of snlltn*.
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery at.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agt*.
10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
• DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
F4 Dp . C I2 First Class Including Berth
TAftD ,r 8 Second Clas , and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
, State of California Jan. 23, Feb. 2, 12, IS
Columbia Jan. 2S, Feb. 7, 17. 27
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fNVfllllfl E-S. AUSTRALIA.
JwSHIIC for HONOLULU only
fFHSHV Tuesday. Jan. 25. at
■ """ _- t p. m. Special party
SftyflNllDc) rotes SIS - ALAMEDA
CylUjllUlllr' Mlls via HONOLL--
(SiDR^RU- T ' XT nn<l ATTrfCT.AND
1V.11J./Ultt^ for SYDNEY. Thurs-
day. Feb. 3, at 2 p. m. :
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia. and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SFRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 377 Market St.. San Franclsoo.
Compagnie Generafe Transatlaotiqae.
French Line to Havre, ■
Company's Pier (new;, a North x*^
River, foot of 1 orton st. Travelers <CTfirv^
by this line avoid both transit by««Msai
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via I'iria, first claaa JIM.
second class $116. riKl'' vl
LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December IS. 10 a. nv.
LA NORMANDIE December 26. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. at
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
: „*~ No. 3. Bowling Green, New Tork.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
■ p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RECEIVED UP TO 5:30 P. M. .
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and git.
ins through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Kailroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cat. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Hon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs. >
Fridays 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green 381.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturday*
excepted) at S p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. SOo:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jos*.
910
NOTES FOR THE
NATIONAL GUARD
Numerical Strength of the
Guardsmen the First
of This Month.
Reason Why the DWision Com
mander W>tf Not Be in the
Gra-nd Parade To-Day.
The Position the Naval Militia Will
Occupy in the Second
Brigade.
The National Guard of the State of
California on the Ist ir.st. numbered 4210.
distributed as follows: Commander-in
chief and staff, 25; major-general and
staff. IS; brigadier-generals and staffs. 40;
First Infantry Regiment. Second In
fantry Rec-Iment. C2^; Fifth Infantry
Regiment. 540; Sixth Infantry Repimont.
510; Seventh Infantry Ro^lmrat. 762:
Cavalry, 2>' r .<; Signal Corps. 106, and Naval
Militia. 422. These litmus will not vary
a dozen from the official figures which
will be published In the next report of the
aojutant-general.
It iias now been several months since
Captain Carrinprton. U. S. A., inspector of
the National Guard of the State nf Cali
fornia, fileil his report of the condition of
the guard nndtho several camps held,
and the officers and men of the guard
have been anxiously looking for the pub
lication of the same; but in this they
have been disappointed, for the document
presented by the Inspecting officer has
been sent to the oftire of the adjutant
general, and there it has been ever since.
The excuse for its non-publication Is the
want of an appropriation for the same.
An effort has been made to obtain B vi.-w
of the document to make extracts for
publication in this department, but it was
not possible to obtain a glance at the
papers. If the guardsmen are patient,
they will have an opportunity to read the
comments in the official report, which is
issued every two years.
There has been considerable comment
in the guard during the past week upon
the fact that the division commander, N.
T. James, who is a graduate of the
United States Naval Academy and
deeply Interested in war vessels, was not
one of the invited guests at the launch
ing of the Japanese war vessel, the
Chitose. and upon the further fact that
he and his staff will not be iv th>- prand
jubilee parade to-day. In the past the
division commander and staff wore promi
nent features in the parades in this city
Tt is stated that Major-Genera! James
and staff were invited, but that the invi
tation was declined on the eround that it
was received too late to admit of the pro
curing of horses for the commander and
staff. There are men in the guard who
declare that that is. of course, a good
excuse, but that one excuse is as good as
another, and they intimate that the de
clination was on the ground that there
is not the best of feelings at this time
between the major-general and the com
rnander-ln-chief, pnrticularly since the
Naval Militia was taken from the juris
diction of the division commander.
In the parade to-day the naval militia
will occupy a position it never before has
ocupied. Heretofore it always turned
out as ah Independent organization and
by a recent order taking it out of the
command of the division commander it
became officially separated from the land
forces and consequently should take the
position at the extreme left of the Second
Brigade, but by special orders from head
quarters at Sacramento it will. f<, r to
day, be attached to the Second Urignrle
and will parade. as infantry, taking posi
tion on the left of the First Regiment
and be followed by the cavalry.
Colonel Fairbanks of the Fifth Infantry
being the senior colonel of the Second
brigade, his regiment will take the right
of line in the procession to-day. The ma
jority of his companies not being provid
ed with full-dress uniforms will parade
In service uniform, while the First Regi
ment will shine with all the splendor of
full dress.
THE FIRST INFANTRY.
During the past two weeks Colonel
James F. Smith was too much occupied
with his duties a s chief of staff to the
Grand Marshal of the Jubilee parade to
devote much time to the regiment, conse
quently the command devolved upon
Lieutenant-Colonel Duboce.
The State shoot for decorations by the
companies of this regiment commenced
at Shell Mound Park last Saturday and
will be continued during: this week. The
field officers, staff and band, as well as
the cadet company will shoot this month.
Captain Thomas J. McCreagh of Com
pany D has been detailed for a summary
court-martial to be held in the regimental
iirmory at half-past 8 o'clock on Thurs
day evening next.
Musician Horace J. Berry. Company I.
SuSrSrtnßas* aCUIIg flrSt Serseant
Upon the application of Captain James
rI;J?J ? m T» ell> commanding Company C. !
Sergeant Huron Kelly has been reduced I
™r«lT an at his own request and Cor
poral T "U Hollis has been reduced to
the grade of private for neglect of duty.
Since the Issuance of regimental orders
t rn ß°?£ mher < there have been discharged
from the regiment on account of death l
exemption. 2; removal. 9: two-third vote.
5, and for good of the service. 1-total IS
THE FIFTH INFANTRY
TiT-tH? majority of the companies of the
Fifth Infantry reached this city last ev
ening to take part In the parade this
ff ° a r 00 "- Th , e rr A '> mm P ani^ from San Jose!
t°Ws kl mm nn d rnf A ' ameda Wlll reach her «
 L A. De Toe - recently elected first
lieutenant, and Frank S. Munn elected
second lieutenant of Company B. lo
cated at San Jose, passed a very satis
£?%&FS2g t before the examl
_ , , THE VETERAN GUARD.
Joßlah Howeli, who was Brigadier Gen
eral of the Fourth Brigade in the early
days of the National Guard of the State
has been chosen Vice Commander of tho
Veteran Guard, vice Sergeant E N
Snook, who held nat position. The Veter
ans are still working up the proposition
ril i corpa of those ot J ts mem
bership who have served seven years in
the guard and are still young enough to
shoulder a musket. 8 lo
xrra at t TH IRD BRIGADE.
VISALI.V Jan. 21.— The members of
Company H are now actively drilling af
ter the vacation at the close of the year
nßytan B y ta^ t . hoor mb * a " pr * cticl^ for
been dropped fom the roll of Company E.
the first two on account of expiration of
term of service and the other "on ac
count of removal. -
Sergeant C. C. I .of land is the now ouar
termaster of the Visalia company and he
has his work well in hand already Ar
morer Canfleld has remove.! from here
■?i c wa al:a l:- ro '" d »a«t week. Corporals
Alvin B. Sliippey and U. T. Clotfelder
having successfully passed an examina
tion, have been promoted Sergeants Pri
vates Walter Shippcy and E. Demlng
have been reepmmended to the positions
of Corporal, made vacant by the pro
motions. . " '
Lieutenant Bender of the University
Cadets has Invited Captain Ward of Com
pany E to shoot a rifle match, ten men
from each organization, ten rounds at 200
yards. Blount's rules to govern. The In
vitation has been accepted. Last year
these two companies had a match and the
boys from Visalia were the victors.
Members of Company E played as a
comedy company the whole of last week
and succeeded in raising a. neat sum for
the company exchequer.
THE NAVAL MILITIA.
The commissioned officers ' of the naval
militia have been notified by orders is
sued last Saturday that hereafter they
-will have to have, at least, a limited
knowledge of navigation and that any
officer neglecting to acquire such knowl
edge will be liable to lose his commis
sion. The officers of the divisons in San
Francisco have been Instructed to report
in connection with this matter to Lieuten
ant C. C. Dennis.
The first special order issued under: the
new regime was given out last week and
besides the name of the captain command
i->«, it bears the signature of Lieutenant
Thomas A. Xernev, executive officer of
tho naval militia. National Guard of Cali
fornia.
William E. Elliott, who was lieutenant
Junior grade and adjutant of the naval
battalion, is now lieutenant and aid to
Captain Turner, commanding the naval
militia.
Next Sunday the members of the first
and second divisions and the engineer di
vision will proceed to Mare Island to take
charge of the Marlon, and man her. after
which they will bring her to her berth at
Howard wharf, this port. The time has
not yet been fixed, but it will be desig
nated by Governor Budd. who will come
down on her with his staff. The tide
will be the guide for the fixing of the
hour. __
TENNIS DOUBLES.
Interesting Matches at the Call-
fornla Courts for a Valu
able Trophy.
Owing to a chill wind, but a small
crowd attended the monthly double cham
pionship tournament at the California
tennis courts yesterday.
The first match to be played was be
tween McGavin and Bishop and Harry
Weihe and Dick Adam?. The latter team
allowed the first-named odds of half fif
teen and defeated them by a score of 9—6,9 — 6,
6—4.6 — 4. Young McGavin played the game
for his side.
In the next match O'Connor and Stauf
were pitted apainst Davis and Hooper.
The latter team allowed the former half
fifteen. The handicap proved too large,
however, and O'Connor and Stauf won.
Score, f— fi, 2—6, 6—4.
Eekert and Code won from Bob Whlt
ne> and George Bradshm.iv by default.
Whitney was troubled with a bad cold
and retired from the game. Bradshaw
continued the match and won by a score
of 2 — G. 4—2. but it was not allowed.
Baker and Tickner defeated William
Mey< r and Woodbury. Score. 6 — i, B—6.
O'Connor and Stauf then played Root
and Bllven. but were defated by the latter
team by a score of 6—4,6 — 4, fi — 3.
George Whitney and Chesebrough al
lowed Eckert and Code fifteen and defeat
ed them. Score. 6—2. 7—5.
Root and Bliven will meet Adams and
Weihe at 2 o'clock to-day. The winning
team will be pitted against Whitney and
Chesebrough.
CLAIMS INSURANCE
LAWS ARE VIOLATED
Fidelity Mutual Life Insurance
Company and A. J. Clunie
at Outs.
The Former, Clunie Says, Refuses to
Obey Orders and Trouble Is
Expected.
Several differences of varied degrees of
importance exist between the Fidelity Mu
tual Life Insurance Company of Phila
delphia and Andrew J. Clunie, Insurance
Commissioner of the State. In conse
quence the Fidelity Company is doing
business without a license, a condition
which the law does not sanction and by
statutory provision states that a fine of
$20 is due the State for e%-ery policy writ
ten while such a condition exists. Th«
latter fact, however, seems to bother the
company but little, and according to
Commissioner Clunie it is taking its time
about preparing its statement to be pre
sented with its application for a new
license.
The existing misunderstanding or rather
difference of opinion between the com
pany and the State Commissioner came to
pass last June. Under the law the Com
missioner notified the company as it was
an assessment company it must insert
in its policy applications used by solici
tors—which is the original document
signed by an applicant for insurance —
clause stating that the policy was not
limited to a fixed premium, and that the
pollcyholder might be called upon to pay
any premium decided upon by the direc
tors of the company.
"George A. Rathbun, local manager of
the company demurred to the order, :
said Mr. Clunie last evening, "and stated
that in his opinion it was sufficient that
the clause directed to be inserted in the
application blanks be included in the
policy. Notwithstanding his opinion I
informed him that the law required that
the clause be inserted" in the application
blank and tnat the order must be regard
ed. A few days later I addressed a let
ter to L. G. Fouse, superintendent of the
company at Philadelphia, stating that the
order had been issued, and requested him
to see that the law was complied with,
«♦ h *i Ue }u me 1 rec eived an answer
stating that the order would be regarded
In the answer a blank was folded con
taining the clause provided for by law
and a statement that the blank would
be v^ d ™ s satisfied me that my o?der
would be complied with, and I let the
m .n= ter^ op - In the meantime the il
cense of the company expired.
Being informed that the order regarding
the premium clause had not been in*
?h» te . d in the cation blanks, I visited
the local manager a few days ago I
informed him regarding the statement
for a license, and then asked why mv
order regarding the premium clause had
not been compiled with. 1 presented the
etter of L. G. Fouse. and Mr Hat h bun
ssjtissiS j-jsssaa& 'a?
law gives me as Commissioner", the
law gives me. as Commissioner the
power to revoke a license when the com
pany holding it does not comply with the
statutes enacted for its government but
as this company has no license at present
I have not as yet decided as to what
course I will pursue. An application for
a renewal of its license was made by tne
company some time ago. but as the rules
regarding the required statement had no?
been made, the license was refused
"Another difference existing between my
self and the company is regarding what
is known as the retaliate^- law The
statute or law provides that when an
other State imposes an increased tax or
license on companies existing und«r the
laws of this State all companies existing
under the laws of other States and do ng
business in California shall be taxed n
excess of the regular license figure to the
same extent that California companies
are taxed in the States where tne foreign
companies have their headquarters Ac
cording to the laws of Pennsylvania all
foreign companies— meaning " companies
having: headquarters In other States— are
taxed IJt in excess of the regular license.
This being the fact, the law of this State
Imposes a tax of $25 a year on the Fidel
ity Company. This law has been over
looked by my predecessors, and, in conse
quence, the company has not been com
pelled to pay this tax for something like
seven years. In consequence, I propose
to tax the company for the lull amount
due. and see that In future the law is
complied with. The insurance laws have
been disregarded in this State for some
time, and an effort will be made to see
that the will of the Legislature predomi
nates over the pecuniary interests of
foreign insurance companies."
Big Sale of Seats.
An immense advance sale has al
ready resulted for the production of
Edward E. Rice's superb spectacle.
"The Girl From Paris," which begins
its engagement at the Baldwin Theater
to-night.
The dancing is under the charge of
the famous maitre de ballet, H. Fletch
er Rivers, while the orchestra is by
George Hayes, under the personal di
rection of A. M. Lanerstaff, leader of
the noted Newport orchestra. The
scenic equipment is the work of Lafay
ette W. Seavey and is of a most elab
orate character. The cast Is an excel
lent one and the chorus is composed of
many pretty girls.
fl Wharf Watchroao Drowned
Frank Miller, the watchman at Codfish
Wharf, near Hunters Point dry.lock. fell
from the wharf about 0 o'clock yesterday
morning and was drowned. The body was
grappled for until 4 o'clock when it wt«j
found. Miller was a single
To Cure a Cold In One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets All
drujndsts refund the money if j- fa n B to cv
&>c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JANUARY 24, 1898.
IDLE HANDS
SEEK RELIEF
To the Public Unemploy
ed Labor States Its
Case.
Officers and Organization to
Insure Better Future
Results.
A Statement Which Shows the
Local Situation in Its
Detail.
There has been a great deal of ac
tivity in the ranks of tne unemployed
during the past week. There was an
organization of the unemployed women
yesterday. Their permanent head
quarters now will be at 102S Market,
where Miss May Murphy will reside as
secretary.
There was an organization of the un
employed generally at the same ad
dress a week ago. The following ap
peal and explanation has been promul
gated for the benefit of the order:
To Organized Labor and the Business
Community of San Francisco, January
22. IS9S.
Gentlemen: We, the undersigned, repre
senting the unemployed men and women
of San Francisco, appeared before the
Board of Freeholders last Friday even
ing and presented to them the follow
ing document to be Incorporated in the
proposed charter of and for the city and
county of San Francisco as ' a section
of the law.
Section — . There shall be inserted in the
regular annual tax levy for said city and
county each year. the item of three hundred
thousand dollars, which amount shall be laid,
levied and collected by said annual tax levy,
as and for a specific wmerKency fund, for the
purpose of employing the unemployed upon
public works of said city and county In such
manner and under such rules and reflations
as shall be prescribed by the Board of Super
visors of said city and county; provided, al
ways, that no person shall be so employed who
has not been at least six months continuously
next immediately preceding his employment a
bona fide resident and inhabitant of said city
and county: and, provided further, that two
dollars per day shall he the minimum wage
paid for labor to any person working upon mu
nicipal works for eight hours labor per day.
To organized labor this is a matter of
the most vital importance, inasmuch as
at least many thousands In the ranks of
organized as well as unorganised labor
are Idle in this city, not to say that many
millions throughout the United States are
to-day without employment, from various
causes, such as displacement by machin
ery and kindred things, and are now
forced to beg from door to door and ask
alms from the more fortunate.
To illustrate:
The Mergenthaler typesetting machine
has displaced 20.000 printers, the various
inventions in the shoemaking trade have
displaced fully 100.000. and the various
devices in the laundry, cigar, canmaking,
agricultural and the hundreds of other in
dustries, as reported by the United States
Labor Commissioner. Carrol D. Wright,
have displaced at least 5.000,000 mechanics,
thereby making dependent upon public
charities of at least 25.000,000 human be
ings, at an average of five to a family. In
the city and county of San Francisco
we have at all times from 10.000 to 30.000
on the unemployed list, a third of whom
are members in good standing of your
own labor unions. Now is your oppor
tunity. Twenty years may elapse before
such an advantage may present itselt.
Let each individual trade unionist in this
city take this home to himself in a heart
felt interest for his own family and rela
tives. It is our earnest desire that you
instruct your delegates to the various
central bodies of this city to stop for one
moment and seriously consider the nature
of a proposition that is paramount in
the interest of men that exist in enforced
idleness from no cause that can Justly
be attributed to their own neglect and
we humbly petition the leaders of the
various trade unions of this city to devote
a few moments in their sessions to the
consideration of this, the most vital ques
tion of the age. The insecurities of sit
uations may leave you Idle at any mo
ment--\?u must realize what a power
your 75,000 membership is in this com
munity an ?,, what an influence vou'r com
mittees will have with the considerate
element of our citizenship, and It Is due
to us that we shall do so much as we can
to relieve the mass of suffering humanity
The condition of the times imprests
upon us the truth of that philosophy so
long since cx Pressed to man. viz ■' "The
evils that afflict humanity will never be
eradicated until man's reason has ma
tured the theory of man's relation to man
and taught its significance." ll n lo man
Nine hundred and fifty men can be em
ployed by this amount six months In the
year, thereby furnishing sustenance for
not less tUan 5000 persons, and at the
same time distributing $300,000 among our
business men per year. The retail grocer
and the dry goods man and the various
other local tradesmen of this city can
easily realize the great benefit to be de"
rived from the distributing of $300 000 In
the community, not one cent of which will
go beyond the limits of the city and coun !
ty. In concluding our appeal we can
cv^ d by th BB e vu S rr e ns b r UtlfUl Sen «— fs
See yonder poor o'er labored wight
So abject, mean and vile.
Who begs a brother of the earth
To give him leave to toil.
And see his lordly fellow worm
The poor petition spurn.
Unmindful tho' a weeping wife
And helpless offspring mourn.
If I'm your lordllng's slave,
By nature's laws designed.
Why was an independent wish
Implanted in my mind?
If not. why am I subject to
His cruelty and scorn?
And why has man the will and power
To make his fellow mourn.
E. W. TIURMAN,
E. J. CORBETT Pre3ident -
T. J. BROWNING eCretary -
J. K. PHILLIPS '
OEO. LAFAYETTE.
The eye of the vulture Is so con
structed that It is a high-power tele
scope, enabling the bird to see objects
at an almost incredible distance.
»«>»■■ _ "
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
PALACE HOTEL.
V D Currlrer. Spokane, Mrs C Geddlng*. Vi«m«
Mrs B Rogers. Yokhm Mrs j O Xn OX Vii a
E Rogers. Yokohama Mrs Washington WVlnrf
Mrs D S Cone. R BlufT Miss \Va"hlnKton \ ?
D Cone. Red Blurt M Gray *wOM%i
J G Roberts. Madera T Flint Jr. San ju-ln
D JBonsfleld. Copper J C Travis s^n Jo™
W\V Irons. Norfolk L Klngsley. Syracuse
Mrs Vf \V Irons. Nor I" Owens. San Jose
It S Ilolway. San Jose Master Owens S Jobs
Mrs It s .i'vay, S J ■«■■ A Owens, a Jse
E J Cole. St Louts A H Denny. Sn Jose
L L Myers. in \\\ Watson Jr, Frsno
Mrs L I. Myers. 11l Mrs Scott & d.H Jose
X C Gregory. DC ]{. Alexander & w.Hld
A J Burton. Bullngme Screening &w.s Uh
U W Blackstone. Stnd f 5, I 5 Gol . L An «
.1 Farnik.r. Yreka V.. «..J loush ' Stockton
Mrs F Jesurme. L Ang 5 ,V, V' 1 "". 4 w - S Jse
i Mrs W Broderlck. L A y el f n ,f •&, Sn a J ?e
J C Duchow. S.nora A Blngham. Man-svll
A S JennlnK*. CrlcaKoJß Gels & 8 , Wiii;,^"
A Opden. Sonora . E Tucker. Orovllle
Mrs A O(rd"n. Sonora E E Morrow, Sta Rsa
J Kuhn, Pan Diego T Kelly Oroville
C Kin*. Hanford Mr De Barton. Orovle
Mrs C Kin*. Hanford - 1 McClcng. Orovllle
Mrs H Hlckox. S Jose « Appel. Los Anit
Mm .1 B Roberts. S .1 **. P t rl 5. & w, Sac W
T Cutler. Eurtka JS2 H -Grpßorj-. Sac
Mrs X McGreln. Sacto M -" L Petrle. SS * cto
Miss rt Johnston. Sac S- T^ rt M«hon. Clevld
P Hoffman. Newcastle ? xV?w^ S *c to .
O P Bailey. San Jose f ¥°£™ r l v ?Ct ° .
W H Mupter. Colusa A 8 ' CMtI
Mrs W H BMtar. Clsa I Bl^N^a R '°
t « OtniM A Berkforti & w Mcd
J Hood & w. Hanford i L R Fancher. Merced (
GRAND HOTEL.
T II MM I *V^. t J n- Ptr>ck ton Mrs D Clarke. WUn»,
B t™£ tl't 1 ' Btoe ««».C Raker. Bacto
O r .*r«H ( L * nora ~ c Jacobson. . Redding-
O C Cradlnston Clorls S I>oone. Red Bluff
C F HmrM n> ClorlS Dr J M Blodgett. Lorn
0 mi Li Lh i n"n "° a - Stctn *' '"""roth
aA » Br> ,L, L A " Kla T " Steel - Neville
F iTh™ V An « w H Hilton. Glen Eln
CJM& V An * ls ° Charles. Ben View
VV E iWev 1 r' Angls W H «**«. Woodlna
J Foster^/' v Anfflß * Cohen - Bacto
Or P cm iY* ' el t° H ■ Adam «. w & - s tn
A I .'V, % »?aukee A H Denny. Olema
A A Poole. \\ash, Pa v X White. Benee:a
J La I?!' Fresno P »H.K White. Benec:a
F J pVrior* ? resno M Wilson. Fresno
B J iVii «ni NeV Clty X ° D » vr R "anoke Va
c i «£! x d & Win o R Natman. L A
J W i;,,,* a W -™ VV V nter9lJ D Blddle. Harfora
A D Fit?* x' Ml ?l? Blf J Wel1 ' SarKer
A A iiiln W H Sps C B Smlth ' Stockton
rhiM v ' lfe and c Casedy. Yreka
T • «,^ P ty - J A Jullen. Yreka
Ci. Mil it Saeto W p Bowel ». Treka
H 2 lv a i i" 5#5 # ? acto !Mrs A Albrecht. Frsno
J IJarn'n « & d , Ft B S, JWB Montgomery. Cht
0 "j-irn,n .San Jose H Schock. Yreka
E 15 MPM P r nKI T,?' 0 , ' J " Leroy - BaHersneld
H w»tiiT nK ' l)O <llnd .1 Sweet. Bakers Held
1 T Murphy. ' Cal CoL! W Hame V- Mysvllle
t 7* M . urpn >'- (a l E BiOB. Grldley.
T U Simpson a | PI. Longer. Oridley
i- M Sparks. Orovllle D Horn, w& d. Hnbrk
E JMurry & w. L A^s j a Jullen
? TBT BO p n ! J r e> Bod 'l J M Scribner. Oakland
\rr! T d .°. n> S Jose J A Johnston. BkrsfM
0 x nJ Patterson S J J A Lyon. Bakersfield
v i\ if • A '? "bra I Mrs F M Miller. Lkvw
E B v,is., n . Gazelle Mrs Snellin . Lkview
» xr i? it 90 "',^ a " eJo Mrs WH Davldsn.Bfld
M,- ;'*• ValI 'M" X Wiley. Bakersfield
xl™ n-K°n,f' Affs Cr ' A J Hinds ■& w. 8 Cr»
Mr f, J, ! Miller. A CpiS England. Cal
J X Edson. Berwick. C Malandln w& g. Npa
J Mas.n Bacta c T roans. Orwrs
Mr« ,'• Vl .-, ! 'hlla E T Cadle. Stockton
m™ it F'SL 1 ?- Bacto G Garibaldi, Mercea
Mrp. Mary r hl> « Pr W J Olsen. Sacto
i h c"°) veR - .'\. A C a ' 11 J H Van Winkle
7- "«i 10 ?- Auburn and wife. San Jose
mi v'"/*" 110113 * 0 8P» C i' Owen & w. a J
Miss M Brown, n Lde j I^nahan & m. Suhni
1 <-, . U r o v ' ni <, His ldl ?iJ J Qulnn. Stockton
J Ortraldmr & w .Elk w L Hwttt Btckta
Mr? II McCaln - >«cv S Newell. Stockton
H .1 DanKberg Jr. CrsnT W Ross, La
H J Nat sinner. Crsi.' ; C Erickson. San L O
i Kenny, Carson A M Krlckson. f! L O
ED Taylor. Sacto j c Travis. San Jose
\\ w Word & r, Msv: w Hemme. Pavlsvlle
A Kkmnnd A w, Orovl , W Jordan. San Jose
C i: Coon. Sacto f Matteson. Sta Cruz
.'. Mulberry. Sncto \. X Pioda, Sta Cruz
I i: Govan. Sacto Mrs Ford. nocklln
Rev A Simon & w.Scto P Tall. Santa Cruz
C L Falck. Woodvlli» Miss (i Wlnans.Petlm
MiFK X Husbard. Klsy F W Eh'hardt. Sacto
'i I". Stickle. Agls Cp C Scott. Salinas
i: M Whltlock. S A.l-- T Clark. Placer\llle
5 Trvon & ' Angels P O Barlow. Placrvle
J B Cady. Cal A Arnold. Oakdale
W Hubbard .v w.Kel Mrs J McCormlck.Stk
LICK HOUSE.
M D Eaton & W.Stk T A • Hender. Sonora
J M Collier. Courtld W Eastman, Sonora
J Collins. Courtland C B Smith. Stockton
W Hatton. Modesto It Under. Tulare
Mrs W Hatton. Mdest C W Garrett. Fresno
G E Turner &w.NevC J nosers. Chicago
F II Carpenter. J W Blodel, Seattle
J A Hayes, N. v City T A Wilson, Alaska
W H Cleary. Btckton J M Conant, Redding
C Boomi & w. Sacto A Clark. Fresno
J M English. Cal C Thomas Aw. Alaska
II V Lesenby. Fresno ; W <> Miles. Fresno
F Williams. BoSOn S A McLean. Reddngr
J Taylor & f. ■ Rosa T C White. Fresno
W Anderson & w.Sac Mrs Brisco. Chlco
J Wolfskin & s.Sulsn R J Lanpford. S Jo»«
D Jones, Lower Lake V M Hardln. Naps.
Mrs Markham.S Rosa A M I,anirfor<l. S Jose
Miss Markham S Rsa V J Miles. Fresno
Miss It Markham. S R C Kln^ & w, Hanfrd
L T Crane. Marysvle H auernsey. Nev
X P Col^an A: w. Sac T S Ford & w.NevCy
Mrs Gardner * d.Nap Mrs M Kruth.Kans C
Mrs. I. it. Is.". Naps Miss Kruth. Kans Cy
J L Hudner, Holllstr X Tilly & w. Nev Cy
J F Peck, Merced 3 BOevlne. Cacto
R C Walrath.Nev Cy ("> H Runyon. Courtld
J R Garrett &w.Mryv L }{ Oarer Towli
T Snodpass & W.Wtal 0 Peeler, Towles
W Kpencer& w.S LOR Darer, Towles
J Cass & f. Cayucos F It Swain Aw. Sac
Miss Cass. Cayueoß 3 Dannenbaum, Val
E T Albert, Stckton M c Glaconnie. Petal
H Thornton & w, Cal M E Haynes. S Clara
T c, Younp & f, Nmn F J Overton, Cal
H Picket. Placei-\llle J Smith. Stockton
W J Hall ■ f. Snora J F Conner*. Oaklnd
Mrs G I^ancaster.Okd J Johnson. Vlsalla
J Neale .V; w. Sonora I Chiisman, Vlsalia
O W Coulter. Chlno w FRobinson & s.Mk
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,.
B Fechyer. linden J Ryan. Bakersfleld
L E Horton A: w.Nev G Garrison & w.LosA
C PrlKße, San Jose J H Carter, Cal
N Stack. Sacto R C Crawford. Pal
J Smith. Davlsvllle '3 Lawaoo, Fresno
F de \>rne. Alvlso «'. M Moore. Chleo
.1 Williams. Stockton F P Davis. Chlco
R Anderson, Cal II Brannan & w.Mdra
E Wilson. Cal ■; Eyland. San Jose
F H Bennln*. Sacto .1 A Barnum, Sn Jose
G W Blum. Cal C C Whlpple. Decoto
J Mulroy. Pa! H C Searles. Cal
A W Dixon. Stockton W Harris & w.Sulsun
II VMM, Fresno A L. White, Los Gats
J W Holies. Fresno E Oulahaa, Reno
C Fields. Ansels F M Isaacs. St Helna
M Condlln & w.Redg F li.nnlnir. ITkiah
W F Short, Pal ;F J Stouter &w,StHln
M J Samon. Cal - I ,
SONS OF BENJAMIN.
California Lodge No. 113 of the Inde
pendent Order of Sons of Benjamin at its
last held election had its officers installed
by ex-President Jacob Label, who was
assisted by the grand officers. The new
officers are S. St'-mberpf. ex-president; A.
Michaels, president; A. Meyer, vice-presi
dent; H. L. Springer, secretary: B. Wac
hol-lor. treasurer; L. I-.. Lanßley. conduc
tor: M. GoJdstone, inside guard; L. Kuhn.
outsid.' Kiiar.l; K. Conn. M. H. Qroven
ami S. Reisman, trustees. Speeches and
refreshments f flowed the ceremony
WARBHAUER i'IIEVRA BNAI JACOB.
The Warshaaer Cbervrs. U'nai Jacob has
chosen the following officers to control Its
affairs durinp the current term: H. L.
Sprlnper. president: S. Rosonberp. vice
president; C. A. Berliner, secretary; K.
Rosenlx-rg. treasurer: A. Ohinosky. mes
senger, and S. Stemberp. M. Cohen, If.
Relnheimer and H. Raabe. trustees.
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BOBDfBSB office of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— <B Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
335 Hayes str-<-t ; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister Hreet: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larktn street; open until 9:3'> o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 'j o'clock.
V*> Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2MS Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
P !k street, open until 0:30 o'clock.
K.W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge~No 22.~~F.~and m
A. Called meeting THIS (MON- _^V
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock, "tf jF
First degree. By order of the W. M. 'V^
■ . O. W. ROOT. Secretary.
KING Solomon's Lodge No. 260. F. m
and A. M.. Franklin Hall. 1539 Fill- _A^
more st Second degree THIS (MOX-sljf
DAY) EVENING at 7:30 o'clock. »>■'▼>
order of the Master.
HARRY BAEHR, Secretary
ciety of California %3fr»ffijj(«flHfr«q
guests 'Wiring M at- .^P^HiSr^Jti
ercises which will' be held at Woodward's
Pavilion on MONDAY. January 24. next. In
the event of Its being a rainy day, are re-
quested to meet at Pioneer Hall at l o'clock
p. in. Carriages will be provided to take you
to the pavilion. J. I. SPEAR. Secretary.
A. O. H.. DIV. NO. 2.— The members
of this division are ordered to as- \" I
semble at Htbernla Hall. 120 Ninth J^lf
St.. on MONDAY. January 24. at 9 jCVi'
a. m. sharp, to participate In Golden • »-»
Jubilee celebration. Fines for non-attendance
will be strictly enforced.
HARTLEY LEE. Pres.
T. L. CLANCY. Rec. Sec.
A. O. H. of A.— Attention— To officers %*{**■■*>
and members: You are hereby or- V J
dered to assemble at Hibemla Hall. JavNff
120 Ninth St.. on NEXT MONDAY. SC\^§J
the 24th inst.. at 9 o'clock sharp, »T^C*
to report with your respective divisions to
P. J. McCormick. marshal of Celtic divi-
sion, thence to march to position in line "nt
Drumm and Market sts. The division will
leave Ninth an.l Market sts. at 9:13 sharp.
accompanied by K. R. B. Rifles. Be prompt
and Invite your friends. Fines for non-at-
tendance will be strictly enforced. By order
. P. J. McCORMICK. C. P.
E. J. HANNON. Cor. Sec.
"A NICHT WT Burns"— The St. 7 C 7 ZT
Andrew's Society will celebrate 3V, QkJh
the 139 th anniversary of the birth *kXej?
of Robert Hums. TUESDAY **=&»
K\ ENING. January 25. In Scottish Hall.. 103
I.arkln st. Songs, readings, etc., selected
from the works of the poet will be rendered
by well-known artists. An address on the
genius of Burrs will be delivered by John
D. McGilvrary. Dancing at 10. Tickets, 50c:
children. 250. . -
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary. ' •
TO the shareholders of the Independ- •*f r ~*^
ent Red Men's Hall Association— >J*«^^
You are hereby notified that the an- ->k£^
nual general meeting of the shareholders of
the above assoclntlcn will take place on FRI-
DAY. January 2S. at 8 o'clock p. m., in the
Red Men's Hall, EH Bush st.
CHARLES SCHLESINGER. President.
B. A. LAMMANN. Secretary-
NOTICE of meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of The Nevada Na-
tional Bank of San Francisco will be held
at Its banking office. 301 Monteromary St., San
Francisco. Cal.. on MONDAY, the ; twenty-
flm i ( lst) day of February. 1893. Nt 3:15
" clock n. m.. for the purpose of > electing a
board of directors to serve during the en-
*5 l v year, and for the transaction of nuch
other business ai may «nf before the meet-
f • *, ■D. • 8. . DAVIDSON. Secretary.
San Francisco, January 20, IS <S. •
F>— Continued.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. S?7 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY", the Id day of February. 1898. at the
hour of 11 o'clock a. ra.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
CHKAPFST and best in America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
Ptntes or Canada one year for II 80. postage
free.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company, 222 Market st., San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. 189 S. at 11:30
o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. OB. GUNN. Secretary.
Office. 2J2 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
January 10. 1898.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
MARSHALS and aids must procure their
sashes and gloves for Monday's parade at
Brunt's, 555 Clay St.; open Monday from 7
a. m. ; al.«<> manufacturers official badges.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
mind reader. Rooms 2 and J, 120 V» Geary st.
BAD tenants ejected for »4; collections made:
c:ty or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..»room 6: tel. 5580.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 8. 116 A Grant aye.; elec^
trlcian: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. 6TEWERT. genuine steam and cabinet'
batha, l>>.. Geary st.. room 11.
R<~>om Renting Bureau, room 24. Flood build-
infr. cor. Fourth St.
SITUATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
LADIKB— If you wish a competent servant see
r R HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary St.
o first-claps private family cooks, with first-
class city references: 2 young girls, light
wnrk and wish to sleep at home: a neat
young Danish girl wishes second work In pri-
vate family: 4 capable nurses competent to
take entire charge of an Infant are seeking
situations through C. R. HANSEN & CO..
108 Geary st. : phone.. Grant ISS.
4 first-claps chambermaids having experience
and reference from first-class hotels; 20
strong housework girls of different nationali-
ties are seeking employment at C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.'S office, 108 Gteary st. ; phone..
Grant 185.
NORWEGIAN houseglrl, good cook and laun-
dress. $20. city or country; also a neat Ger-
man girl as nurs.\ upstairs or housework. $10
to $15. Apply at the Swedish and German
Employment Bureau MRS. NORTON. 323
Butter st. Telephone. Green 721.
WOMAN wants work by the day: washing,
cleaning, etc.; wages $1. Apply 74S Howard
St.. basement.
BUPERIOR Swedish waitress and parlor maid
desires situation; best references. MISS CUL-
I.KN. Sir, Sutler St.
GERMAN Employment Office— MßS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st. (tel. Main ."332) fur-
nishes best help of all nationalities.
THOROUGHLY competent middle-aged Scan-
dinavian woman wants a position as work-
intr lioncekeener: good references. Address
ITU Sumn»r st.. off Howard, bet. 7th and mji.
DANISH girl. II years old. wishes a place in a
nice? American family. Call 1011 Mission st.
A lady to do house-cleaning. Call same place.
NEAT English conk; will do American style;
Is kind to children: city or country: country
preferred: wages $12 to $15. 129 Third 5t.,r.7.
FINK handsfwer. recently from East, wants
position as dressmaker or private family.
H. LEHHMASN, 1259 OFarrel! St.
GERMAN jrlrl wishes situation as cook; wages
J3". Boi 760. Call office.
GOOD reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper; city or country. Address C.
S. S.. 15 Hyde st.
COLORED girl would like a position as
child nurse or assist In housework. Apply
1711 Jones st.
YOUNG la.ly wishes situation as French
nurse or upstairs work; country preferred.
14 William st.. rear.
YOUNG woman wishes position as companion
or seamstress. Box 697. Call.
WANTED— By a refiner! and educated younpr
lady, a position as copyist, correspondent or
assistant bookkeeper; Rood penman. A.
SMITH. 519 E-ldy St.
SCOTCH girl knowing how to do all kinds of
housework wishes place In American family;
can give references. Call 3643 Twenty-fourth.
DRESSMAKER, rood cutter and fitter, would
like a few mort- I'nwgpments by the day.
call or address nna Folk st.
TOUNQ lady war.ts a position in millinery;
good trimmer. Address S., box 11. Call office.
Oakland.
GERMAN woman wishes situation for light
housework. Address 7SSH Stevenson st., near
Ninth ami Market.
SITUATION wanted by respectable young wo-
man for general housework; from $15 to $20.
1239 Market Ft.
GOOD woman cook wishes position in hotel to
do German or American cooking; city pre-
ferred, not afraid of work; early riser. 1024
H ward St., room 24.
WANTED— Situation as nurse and companion
to Invalid: best of references: no objection
to country, or would travel. Address M. D.,
2H3 Tine St.
TOUNQ woman wishes a situation to do cook-
ing and general housework: willing, reli-
able; wages $25. Box 652. Call Office.
GERMAN lady wishes position as com-
panion; good dressmaker; no objection to
traveling. Address A. G., P. O. box 100,
station F, city.
SWF.HISH glr! wants to go out by the day,
washing and Ironing. 217 C Colllngwood St.,
between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
TWO young German girls want situations to
do general housework; plain cooking. 243
Second st.. upstairs.
SITUATION.* WANTKD-MALB.
TO SUPERINTENDENTS & MINE OWNERS
For first-class miners, mechanics, carpenters
and others, send your orders to J. F CROS-
ETT & CO., C2S Sacramento St., San Fran-
cisco.
PLENTY of idle men looking for work.
Do you want a competent
FARMER MILKER
RANCH HAND
Laborer for any kind of work, city or
country. — —
MILL HAND WOODCHOPPER
MINER
Or a man for any kind of labor, mental or
physical, skilled or unskilled?
If so. send to C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
HOTELS and restaurants, city and country,
when in need of cooks, bakers, stewards,
waiters, kitchen hands. porters. bellboys,
etc , remember that we have the men and
their records; 21 years In th- business: send
■us your orders. C. R. HANSEN it CO.. 108
Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help-
tel. Main 1597. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
best help. 4144 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office-
best help. 30 Geary St.; tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese emp
office. 814>4 California St.; tel. Main 231.
JAPANESE employment office; work day
hour or evening. 122^ O'Farrell; tel. Da
SOBER and industrious young German desires
position as assistant gardener, or will do
smraenlnc and chores on large private place-
Al references. 33 Chesley st.
GOOD, sober man. with references, wants
Place with private family or kitchen work
teamster, grocery store; gardener. Address
iof> Cotton wood st.
WANTED— Situation by man with horse and
light spring wagon; any kind of work; best
of reference. 114SH Folsom st., city.
MAN of 30. big. strong, good appearance,
strictly temperate, reliable, best of references,
wishes position as watchman or similar. Ad-
dress box 740. Call office.
YOUNG man wishes situation in family: un-
derstands care of cows and horses, garden
chickens, etc.: willing to make himself use-
ful; reference. EDW. SPREAD. Golden
Eagle Hotel, room 49.
POSITION for man and wife: German, with no
children: wife to cook or chamberwork; man
handy at any kind. Box 753. Call
WANTED by a gentleman of experience— A.
business position; references first-class Ad-
dress G. M. S.. box 300. Call office
YOUNG man. IS years, living with parents,
wants position: reliable and trustworthy
best references. Address F. B. W.. box 2674
GKRMAN cook and baker wants a situation
•>?- rT I^ 1 ' restaurant or boarding-house. Call
YOLNG man would like a position In a black-
smith shop to finish learning trade: has had
J, 0 " 5*5 * "Perlenee. Address THOS. WALKER.
640 Howard st.
BOY of 16 wishes a position In machine shop
haa had 1 year's experience. Box CB3, Call.
SITUAI }>KS >Ti:i)-( on tinned.
JAPANESE, first-clans family cook, wants
situation; good recommendation; city or
country. TOMI. box 6SI, Call office.
I GARDENER, young man. at present employed
In private family, wishes to make change at
| end of month. Box 671. Call office.
ELDERLY man wants a position as book-
keeper; best references: small salary. Pio-
neer, box 661. Call office.
MAN and wife want to run a boarding-house
in mining camp or station; with reference.
Address MRS. MONACO, Rodeo, Cal.. care
Union Oil Works, Contra Costa County.
j WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket ; 200 rooms. 25c to $150 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
WANTED— By a young man, a place in a j
wholesale house: not afraid of hard work.
Box 645. Call office.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
REFINED German second girl. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 gutter st.
YOUNG girl, care of child. $10; sle»p home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
WOMAN, light housework. $15: sleep home.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St. ■
WORKING housekeeper, with a child. *12~.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. ;
WORKING housekeeper. $20. MISS CULLEN, j
325 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl, bakery, $18- MISS CULLEN,
32:. Sutter st.
COOK, Santa Clara County. $25: 3 In family;
good place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TWO nurses. $25 and $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
OI AMRERMAID. watt one meal, $15. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN or French maid. $25; French second
girl. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK, Berkeley, $25: cook. city. $35: cook. Mo-
desto. $20. fare paid; 15 housework girls, city.
$20 and $2:.; I young girls, assist, $10 to $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
REFINED girl, care of child 6 years old, $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
MAID. $15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
PARLOR maid and waitress. $25: German
nursery governess. $25. MISS CULLEN. 32^
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, hotel, city. $20; head waitress,
country. $25: see party here. MISS CULLEN".
325 Sutter St.
WORKING housekeeper, with a girl. $12. MISS
CULLEN. :!2f. Sutter St.
FINE ironer. country hotel. $2b and found. C.
R HANSEN & CO., Ml Geary st.
COOK, country hotel. $25; assitant. $20. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
HOTEL housekeeper: one having first-class
hotel experience only need apply $40. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary ft.
FIVE waitresses for country hotels. $20; wait-
ress, near city, $20; 4 waitresses, city hotels,
$20: 6 arm waitresses, city. $!■», $20: cham-
bermaid and wait. $15; restaurant waitress,
near city. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
TWO flrst-elass chambermaids, same country
hotel. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
GERMAN parlor maid and waitress for a fam-
ily of 2. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
PRIVATE family cook. $30: 4 cooks, German
style. $25; 25 girls for general housework. $20,
$2"; 12 young girls to assist. $12, $15. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
LADY clerk for our female department. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
5 WAITRESSES, country hotels. $20 and
room; 4 chambermaids and wait, $15 to $20
and room: 4 waitresses, $T> a week: waitress,
$18 and room; 3 cooks. $20 to $30 and room.
MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
IRONER, hotel laundry. $30, etc. MARTIN
& CO.. 749 Market st.
GIRL. Redwood City, $20. see narty here;
girl. Turk. $1S; second girl. $20 to $25: 3
girls, Alameda. $20: girl. Shasta Co.. $2T«:
Ktrl. Lag-Una. $20: girl. California. $20; girl.
ROM Valley. $20; girl. Castro, $20: girl. Mill
Valley. $25. see party here; girl. Mason, $20;
girl. Filbert. $20; girl. Broderiek. $20: girl.
Fulton. $20; girl. Gough. $20: girl. Califor-
nia. 2 In family. $25: second girl. Pierce, $20:
girl. Franklin. $20; girl. Seventh st., $1S;
prfrl, Eddy, 525; girl. Washington. *2S: girl.
Golden Gate aye., $20; girl. Baker. S2O: 2S
girls. $15. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market St.
WANTED— First-class cook. $40: French cook.
$2.": waitress, country', hotel. $20: ironer for
laundry. $20: German cooks. $25 and $20;
French chambermaid and reamstress. $25:
girls for housework and assist. ?20. $15 and
$10. LEON ANDRE. 308 Stockton Bt.
GKKMAN Employment Office— MßS. LAM-
BERT, 417 Powell st., has places for girls
of all nationalities.
MANAGING hotel housekeeper: middle-aged;
experienced; $40: good references. 101S
Washington st., Oakland.
23 GOOD reliable girls; best homes in Oak-
land: highest wages. 1018 Washington St.,
Oakland.
\V( iKKING housekeeper (Protestant), by a wid-
ower; one child: wages $15 per month; no
washing. Box 761 Call.
LADY office clerk; select ladles' trade; per-
manent: good salary- 1023 Market st.
FR"ENCH dressmaker: fashionable: order
. trade; 3 seamstresses; clerk. 1023 Market.
YOUNG lady for candy-store. Apply at once,
SCHAEFER'S. 22 Sixth st.
GIRL for housework. 2 in family, $20; girl for
second work, $IS. 721 Ellis st.
GERMAN girl as housekeeper and companion:
good wages. Box 753. Call office.
Si'MnoUoiKL about U to assist In light hfiqro
work. 10 Hyde st.
WANTED— Milliner and designer to take
charge of established department in dry
goods house: must be stylish and up-to-date:
must possess managerial capacity: all the
year position; communications treated in
strict confidence; state experience and with
whom. Address P. O. box S2, Oakland.
WANTED— GirI for cooking and general house-
work. 2211 Sutter st.
WANTED— Shirt finisher. 521 Valencia st.
REMOVED— Dr. Wise, the ladies' specialist, to
1508 Market st. ; monthly troubles, etc.
YOUNG girl for general housework. Apply 214
Hyde st.
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School. 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 25.
T. 62 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c. men's shoes, sole-
ing. 50c; all repairing done at half the usual
prtce. 562 Mission st.. bet. Ist and 2d.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diploma; patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
MALE HELP WAI. TED.
WANTED-20 woodsmen for making railroad
tits, long job, virgin timber, tools advanced
and good prices; miner. J3 day; 3 iron boat-
builders, $.3 day; cooks, waiters and others
Apply J. F. CROSETT & CO., 62S Sacramen-
to st.
WANTED— Blankbook and Job ruler^ $1 U>
*3 50 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
C2S Sacramento s^t.
FLANNEL washer, steam laundry. MARTIN
ie CO.. 749 Market st.
3 n^PA B °yf' f3f 3 t0 * 4 a week - MAR-
TIN & CO.. 743 Market st.
5 YOUNG men to assist In small hotels. $13.
room, etc. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market St.
MILKER, $30, Plumas County. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market St.
20 to 30 tie-makers. MARTIN & CO., 743
Market st.
3 WAITERS. $20 to $25 and room; 6 waiters!
$5, $R and *7 a week; waiter, $35. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market St.
I DISHWASHERS, $10 to $12 and room: 3
dishwashers, $5 a week: 3 dishwashers, $15
and room. ■ MARTIN & CO.. 743 Market st.
HOTEL cook. $60 to $«."> and room, see party
here; 5 restaurant cooks. $7 to $10 a week-
cook, $40 and room; 2 cooks, $30 and room:
cook. $35 and room: second cook. $33 and
room. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
WANTED for Monday, second cook, hotel, $00;
French cook, country, $50; cook, restaurant
city. $40; short-order cook, near city, $35; 3
kitchen hands. $20: - dishwasher $6 a week
and others. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary!
RAILROAD teaming; foreman; call early Mon-
day. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 103 Geary St.
EXPERIENCED double circular sawyer, who
Is familiar with modern mill machinery: $3
*^S.'iSi^ c J ° b: boss here ' C - R ' HANSEN
«■■ * *'.. I* (>eary st.
WANTED— Night cook, $40; oyster cook' tin-
cook, lunch house. $7 a Week: hotel waiter
MO. butler. $35: French couple, near city
Ict^roc&^t* 33 -^ others at ANDRE'S'.
B ?eT' «V° P * r month - MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
2,000.000
Redwood ties to cut for S. P. R. R., S. J. V.
R. R.. Santa Fe R. R- and trusts, banks,
corporations, sawmills, etc.; 86 woodchop-
lers; bolt makers. MURRAY & READY.
Leading Employment Agents, 634 and 63* i
Clay st. : phone. SMS Main.
HOTEL Department —
3 cooks, hotels and restaurants; 5 waiters,
steady places; cook for mines; 3 dishwash-
ers; clerk for saddlory store. MURRAY .<;
READY, Leading Employment Agents, 631
and C 36 Clay St.; phone., SS4S Main.
TO Employment Agents 1
Who are continually copying our advts.: We
advise them to be original.
Don't copy our style of advertising; don't
copy our composition: don't ask Tom. Dlcit
and Harry to steal from us as you have and
are continually doing: the public laughs at
you; if you have no brains drop down to 634
and 636 Clay st. MURRAY & READY will
probably help you out. MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment Agents. 634 and 63S
Clay St.: telephone. Main . r S4S. We don't
copy: we are original.
CITY Work. -
6 laborers for a city corporation. $1 75 day
to start; work to-day; buggy washer. $30 and
found; 12 laborers, 5c fare. $22 per month
and board ; 3 laborers to excavate a large
parcel of ground, the end of San Francisco.
II 60 day. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636
Clay st
3 grafters for an orchard; 3 choreboys for
ranches; 4 gold miners; man and wife to
run a ranch on shares; blacksmith and wife;
trunkmakor. MURRAY ft READY. Leading
Employment Agents. 654 and MS Clay at.
MARRIED '— — ;
25 families with or witJioui e-iildren to cut
cord wood: tliis is an exceptional chance for
families. MURRAY £- READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents, 634 and fi36 Clay st. ; phone,
■ r M-> Main.
FANCY GOODS and notion salesman: gent's
furnishing clerk: dentist's assistant. 1018
Washington St., Oakland.
experienced responsible man to take
charge of dining-room, also restaurant (ad-
joining* In only first-rlass hotel: best town
Southern California: will lease or give inter-
est. Call Itat Van Ness aye. Monday. 4 to 6.
WANTED— A few energetic canvassers, male
or female; from $i 50 to $5 per day easily
earned by the industrious. Anply The Na-
tional Christian Messenger, 429 Montgomery
St., San Francisco.
BOYS and men to sell official Jubilee badges.
BRUNT. 535 Clay Bt.; open Monday, from 7
a. m.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers,
!! : - n 91^,,?, r , lre to ordPr R est American.
$1 GO. SHIRLEY, 921 Howard st.
GOOD barber; steady job. Call 8 a. m.. 623
Clay st.
FIREMAN, steamboat: grocery clerk: furni-
ture van driver; collector. 1023 Market St.
HOTEL clerk; notion salesman: mechanical
engineer; see lists places open. 1023 Market.
10 GOOD reliable young men to fill positions
now ready. 1023 Market st.
BARBER wanted; steady. 217 Fourth St.; call
after 9 a. m. .
BARBER for Saturday. 217 Fourth st.
SMART neat boy or young man for small
oyster house. 27 Stockton st.
NICE attic room in exchange for 1 day's work
per week or 1 hour each morning. 22 Harper
st., off Thirtieth, bet. Sanchez and Noe.
PARTNER in a bakery to improve business.
Address box 709. Call.
WANTED— 6 boys Sunday at 10 a. m. to sell
official jubilee badges. 533 Clay st.
GOOD 3-chair barber shop for sale, cheap.
431,2, Third st.
WANTED — An experienced produce salesman;
one who can obtain consignments. Box GS7,
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS haircutter. who understands
hair curling. 24 Geary st.
25-CENT barber shop and bath: country, near
city: good chance: good reason for selling;
must be sold. Address box 692, Call office.
! RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
i bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
I 21 and SO years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St.. San Francisco, Cat.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver Hovse. 217 Third st. 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
2000 PAIRS shoes — Another lot, of men's shoes-
been slightly damaged; at * less than on°-
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 563
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 2W) rooms. 25c a night: reading-room;
tree 't>us and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Bills— Roome 20c to $1
night: Jl to M week: hot and cold baths.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, f.04 Davis St.. near Jackson.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-^
flee. S. FUCHS. Sec. IS Grant aye.
4 MARKET st. — Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
arts and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms ]<V and 15c night. 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. 3.
F. Barber College. 13S Eighth.
ELCHO House. 863U Market st —Rooms 20c
25c to 50c nfcht: $1 to tt wf-ek.
iOOMS. 15c to 75c per night : 50c to $1 50 ocr
week Oriental. 2?5 Drumm st.
WANTED— Montana House. 764* Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c. J"ks and 25c d*p
night: 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St., below Sixth.
for » r^otn: ?-.,■ n r»ight: %1 n w»»k _
• AGENTS WASTED.
AGENTS to canvass for Apollo Incandescent
gas lights, ir- Ell's st.
FURNITXJHE WAITED^
: ; — w___^_ . _
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
imni»rv St.- hi-ho«t n<-W<: t>«H.l Tet. v (<i 71.
BOUSES WANTED.
I WANT a sunny flat or house. 7 to 9 rooms
in perfect condition. 15 minutes' walk from
Palace Hotel, for 1 year or longer: if partly
furnished will board owner if desired on suit-
able terms: rent must he about XV); family i
adults. Address box 631. Call office.
HOARDING WANTED.
MIDDLE-AGED single gentleman occupying a
prominent and responsible position is de-
sirous of permanently locating himself with
a liberal minded and social family where he
could enjoy home comforts and privileges:
comfortable room or suite with freedom of
the house and breakfast: will pay good price
if suited. Address "Home." box 659, Call
office, with full particulars.
WANTED— Good home near school or board-
ing-school for boy of 9 years. Address, with
particulars and terms, box 650. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, stoves
etc. JAMES CURTIN. 1123 Market St.
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins,
: wanted: best prices: send postal. 1020 Folsom.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scales, tools, etc.,
bought and sold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. silver, cast-off
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
___. ...^.^^^..TEAS,.^. . ■
TEAS, *" '
20. 55. 30. 85. 40. 50 per pound. '
COFFEES, f
10. 15. 20. 25. 35. 40 per pound.
10, 15, 20, 25, 40 per can
RUNNING a^j^RKS ENABLES US TO
WE GIVE FREE T CHEAP '
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLES, '
MUSIC BOXES.
___ AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
Stores Everywhere. "*
■_ ■ ' . STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture! carnXfi~^i^~^'^'
household goods ; clean, light compartment
- advances made. J. NOON AN. 1017 t™ wa
Mission st- above Sixth ; open evening?.
AT lowest rates— Household good^^Tanos^Tdl
yances made: fireproof building . p. w.
ZEHFITS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
TY**EWRITEF. s7~  ~~~
REMINGTON No. 3; fine order^t's- sarnnl*
sent. SCOTT & BANNAN O n t gXrj!
. j _ i. ■■--...swatsuua cmAMcmm. !
NOTICi^-ARSfnONG^A^CcC.^sHH MarS^t ]
>t.. Tg-:u seil yrar bostaeas q'jlo-k for each.
IWO-CORNEH liquor stcr?; wry best loca- !
tics; win sacrific* a .-■.■■ -jr.: •i«p*rtare; sure s
tArraia: isaXe effsr. ARJ4SIRONG» M&H j
Market rt.
I:>"<'— GROCER T ar.J t«r: sr.e iocati&a.
*■*'*— Restaurant -ij'.rj: rocl busls«ss.
K=^— Lc-dyicx ht--*«; be*: locatloo.
* rasdbT bakery r.*ar Market *t.
S»e AP.MSTRoyq jfe ALUSON. •Oil Marks:, i
NOTICE— 6TRANT) A CoT a Kearny n wUI 1
•c.l y^ur 1.-j«"r.*»si quick for cash.
Leek at our fca.r«rair.»: Wood and cool j-ar-.1.j:-'"> >
CcJte* hxach parser. US Branch bakjr. i ran 125 :
Comer «*:.>•* JS^LJijaor stsrs DM i
Gror-ry ar.i t*r.... MSCtrar »tjre. snap... *»
ftTtoMCg or sell see STR.VSD & CO. M Kearny. ;
JS3V- Bakery and coSm aaloon: gv&2 bc»JcM» '
strsai t>.-» £stt:r*s ccst 13CG0: thJ» ■ th« •
r««te«t barr&ira la the city to mar oae or i
JJ^ ='= Wlto UT.-i*T*ta=d »he bus' -.«*>. :
Ct-RRAN & CO.. » Kearay Bt. •
DON'T jco to Kloedtke. bat bey salooc and I
restaurant: Xt! Mls»^&n st.. nrv TCentr-
BIBUk; with or xriihout tmprrjTem^sti 1 : '.MM
* Taai lars* yari: hold »1 cUckcoß: out-;
hoas*a: lavestirate: no - ■er.u.
GRAND opportunity fcr the rfirht maa as a t
I«rKi-r. with C«0 to H>3\ to take control at i
"^ry prcStat> basin-ess: strictest taTsstlpa- '■
Ooa solicited; ;*rt!cclars given on personal i
!=t»rriew; :*- corn caa r-scais if so r«- ■
■rUre<l; no agents. Bex T«. Call offlc«. j
P.^JtTNER with capital Tracts by 5 expert- I
ence-i m*chai;:cs. to establish a «-t-«i p!aa- i
nt tall! ra Dawscn Citr. ■--*• best cf i
r»fer»sc*3 gifen. Address bax 730. CalL
YOU d^Ti't need Kload'.ke— iS» buys lEttrest ia ■
lucrative business, with prosT>~-t of t?icT»as*: ;
<~*Zl j-erson&Hy. ROBERT BENJAMIN, lil :
Ellis st., city. •->^'i
PATENTS— S«ad for :-: --« ca InT*=tlsr~ '*
EDGAR TATS * CO.. Patent Solicitors, *«s :
BrcAdway. New York.
PHOTOGRAPH gaUery: «r* !ocaUon. sood
basiress: i y-ajs" lease; barren for cash.
■Ul Jfis*i;a si. i
BRANCH t«k?ry. c2.~-lr a-d n-ts?a»: Itrins
rooms: e-x>d IwhTimm. rheap. ST Ni=th st.
SALO<^N far sal*: llVi; s>-"ath*ast corner Tenth i
ar.d H-t-arari sts; Klor.itk» fever.
MtM-^-A charge of a lifetime: one of the finest
Sited up BaVxrrw asd family resort In this
city for £a!e: 2n» located comer: low r»at
a^i I\>T-X leajw: owser Trrc^t leave town to
settle up estate. Address box 855. Call.
i— 4S»: saJ<-<.n restaurant: ocp'Tstte depot:
t«nr:i^u« 1 car Uses: dalrig rusM=^ bosiatss;
living acd club r-ooms: r*nt t*s; best b«si-
r^ss rT-ezjlrz ' in. ----- la^uire '.VIE-
L.\NIVS BREWERY.
LAY the races en car n*w system; »$0 a week
ra nc<i capital: 30 chare*s nnl-^-s successful.
Call or ■write the Air*?rica.H Tcrf Bureau.
rcoras S asri 6. Wi Marfcet si.. S. F.
3P.XER saiooa. ?rwvl loc*ti-~-r;. sntctb of Mar-
ket -ru: rocd «ti^ck aa<i r.ice ixttrr-s; £'.•'-
ro-rsa. etc.: v«»ry ressor.ab?». B.ix *M. Ca*!.
LACKSifTTH'S tools and Istock for «a>:
shop to> l*t. Apply at Iti} Aliba.n;a «t_; no
r-^&raaHe o^er refuel: siust be sol-i.
LD - ESTABLIiHKD rr:<r«ry aad salorn:
r-"'i turin???: !->a.<«? if r»-sc:red. or ■ran buy
:
-
- -
■
ia.
-
TOWNS iiND S^.. near Thiri — G-»d r?s-
tacrsnt for sale; a rars chance for man an-i
— '-
MAN as r^STtner: cc-min! «s:^n in the
city- :rt> Market St.. rocis TT. ««ss.! floar.
La ESTRELLA Mninar and M:!!i-s Oomp*XQr
!• pr»rar>?d : i «el a tinitM r.^rrb-r of siar—
at 5-T-c r^r ?hare: ca*h cr ir^ta."ment«: se^?
tror sr?ecim<!-« in Tu"!^rrre Coonty <»3-Ib(t at
tfc» Mir.»r«' Ft:-, and ser.i f-r prr^p^-tas and
partlctitars to La E«r»lla Mining »nd MiU-
l~g C^mrany. box 35-5. S>^nora. Tuoltimne
A GOOD chance for a live theatrical —.an: I
hold a I t»3-<' !ea?* on the . T eff»rs.^n Theater.
Seattle. Wa«h.. ar.l ■jrf'.l e s .th»r take p*rtn»r
or s?O. AAdrws F. B- FHIHND. tnanargr
fefl -• ■ The&ier. S«sattte. Wish.
FTNE ET-xwry and satoor.: <s>:nr a -re bar
bryt-ess: transfer omer: !ocate4 on Jnnc-
t'ca cf car Ibte, Irv^u're at ETr«n»rv stsr^.
-.crth<?as- of El*hte«r.:h "artl Valea^la.
G<yvj} <~HANCE— N»a.t?y Ctt^i up r«taTirant
f'r =a!*: i-yivje e~yl be? ! .nes»: !n th* h^art «f
Oiilari; s?^n't fall to see this. App'.y at I! 4
Stith «t.. Oskian-5.
PATTVT?.
SIJITH A OSBORN. RMri«f d Pstect Agents:
e*caM:?he<i IS*?. US Pis** St.. cftv.
JT7 MOSTGOSfERT. c«ir. CI«T-^»n t»nt?s J:»
c"cl>?k: branch o*--» nf The CaTL Sahscrto-
t:"i a-J -srar-t si^ ts'fr*..
WANTTTD— Tr> buy hsil^ or w»i->1- butcher bmt-
n«s fn|eoaatrr: »tat-» v>art:c-alars- Ad.ir»?s
N?s C 4. Call ofSce.
BRANCH b«ki>rv. rtarkwtfry. tur.ch business
for sale. 4"» Stockton st.
FOR PAXJS or trade — Baj-ber-sh-~r»: ir-st stan.l
in San Francisco. Ir;-<-air» Z2 c!!rhth st.
RESTAURANT dMrjr grool business for sale.
ft? Washinxt-r! St.. In sai>~n: no ECBte.
PORTLAND ace-v-y this paper. I-K;a;r« th!»
dftr* or at Third St.. Pnrtland. Oree?!i.
Cf'-'l-'f'.E atii t*a rvst** auppWed frntn GEO.
VT. CASWELL & CO.'S. «S Sacramenta «.
tS>— 'TORE to l»"t. cr. Oak msd Franklin; ssft-
sK» *rr any bastness. 15 Grant aye.
Ml X V EXTERPRISES.
CXW "WANTED ■ i complete outfit and rrnb-
rtake p-arty of 5 men. b>jand for Alaska: I of
th*m r-r* "^ ?<*a! rr*'n*r« of "» v^ai-«' »^— — _
i*n<*: partiee osssapr ■ this party are men
of =iar:.iST.? a-.j can jr>ve 1 -*! r»f»r-
•r.~<?s. Address F. A. P.. B->x "5. Call.
PARTIES with CI- or ast t» bu!ld steamer
ar.i tir^ieer En- Alaska. Bo* tT. VaileJ?. Cal.
: HARDY y^inr Scotchmen. h->ldin»r .- --nS po-
rtiT* !n Ers^Hsh v**st<sl. t.vjH like t« p> to
KJondfke !f th»y ecmU meet p»-i>oo with cap-
ital wiatag to tack them. Box TM. Call cfCc*.
i n a? rarmers Cor "-urns! aid: location
jruaranteed : do r"t Bi/Rty r"!»<-<i -non hare
9--ZT.* rarital. Ad-ire»s box TC. ■■
LODGING HOU.ES FOR SALE.
153-ROOM hotel; '.y> boarders IW.">'*)
14-room h--sc«<?. c-n Pc«t S»
J-r>:m. for h<y3s*k»*p'!ig Hi
34-rrom h^«a««. n^w „ , -jr".)
1-W-roora hcns<: fine corner . . . T»)
2T-room hocse en •-■.'• •-. •
11-room h.^Ss* r.»ar Ca!l cfSce V&
U r^crn*. 2r.e coi-c»r icvj
33 rxrj, ccm^r. -.-- very ■- i -: -••••
1* rooms, on O*Farrel! st.. c-rjy caj
loom bate cc!y CSOO
: - rooms, en Market, part cf2c*s.". KA
It rooms, on Go!-J»a Gate av»_ rest UK «*i
13 rooms, 'vr-rral. p^-d fTirnitnre .. "SA
H. C. DECKER. HOI Market St.. opp. Fifth.
FOR SALE — Coso Loddac-benwe. 4*l Eaa-
t:=e st.
14 ROOMS: ilssui locatlca: -:«-ars E53 month:
rar* baryals. Addresa Do a v- town, box iA
Call ofCc*.
FTRSUTTRE FOR SALE.
THE balan.re of hcus« at 1*97 Powell St.. mirt
be scM b-f-jre t.o-nicht; 1 fine walnst war-J-
rcb*. 5 foidinx b*d*J J sideboards. 13 VlenrA
chairs, carpets. 2 Icunsre*. 2 bedroom -•-.
rues, rool and card tables a.c<? 1 French
rrart-4e clock: at % bargain: co*t TTi. etc
HORSES.
WANTED— Team of hor*es fnz l?irht wjcetry
work for Rood car* and board. ZZi*i Ttirk st.
JUST anivc-i— 2 carlc*d)« broke hsrses; ITS to
l? 00 p<nnds. 16 Valencia st.
BUGGIES, waeotta. horses, carts Iwuzht. sold i
or »x£har.g«>d: cheap storage: ¥i horses; mest 1
selL T. P. NEWELL. US Mis-rfcn. cor. Kth. !
m HORSES for «a!e: also -rafDH. buffs-.-s
carta. harness: Grand Area-*.* Hirse Mar- j
k*r. S?T Sixth St.. aactiors Kales every Wed- '
r.e«day T SULLIVAN & TOYLS. Aacticseers. i
J<J RE.VO of b/jrse* iraltable for a=v bosin-aa i
Oi Tark <tn>»t Car Stable. 13<?1 Tnrk st.
WAGONS A.\D CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND irrocery. bakery delivery !
w««ons. I-whe*led carts, road wacooa. bur- j
gies and harness bargaina for cash. Flfte*-th j
and Valencia sta.
TOP bCipry. new (rroc*ry. bostnew bcr<y and i
good :-^7r - delivery waron. IUI Howard. '
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash cr installments t 1 fine top aad cp« i
bcrcr: atlso 1 hack. g» Harrison st. I
CARPET CLEAMXG.
CITT £teaci Ouryet-Cleaatcr Works; cleans, ■
c:-.es. isj's carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Hjct.. ;
V- and to Eirstii st-; telephone Sooth g*. \
WHEN you become d issue ted with poor work j
•cad to SPACT-DING'3 Pioce«r Car-pet- I
t**t:r.«; TTcrks. 355-57 Tehacsa St.: teL So. Ml |
GREAT Eastern Stesm Carpet -Cleaning j
Works. M «tis st. B. GRANT. TeL Jessie 31. :
ADVANCE -■-cie&clr.sr Co.. 49 SuOcr; !
tti Main IX. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, fcr; layins, «c; ra« sample* fxe«;
tel Je»;« 444. Strattoo. 3 Eixhth- .
CA2PETS cleaned and renovated like new.
a Tenth: teL Socta H. Mackintosh A Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cie*alsc Co..' 24* 14t* I
rt.; cleaning Xc a yard: teL Mis. 74- f
CONKLT>TS earpct-bMrinsi work*. IB Gotdea 1
Gate are. ZMsslhM East lit I
HOUSES TO LET.
FOR rent cheap to responsible parties—
furnished hoose: » rooms end bath and lovely
gardes: call between hours of 1 and t o'clock:
references" repaired; as a part or whaies 117
Grove st.
$2*— HOU6E of 10 rooma. bath: garden, base-
ment: sunny b»;t. 1* Cumberland et.. b*-
twe«a Uth and »th. Oaerrcro and Dolores.
SEVEN rooms ; bath: lanr* r«'<lar; la perfect
I order. 135 Harriet St.* b«t. >*ulunm and Rar-
'■ riKwu.
i HOU3E of % rooms. «M Jeeste »t.. between
Fifth and Sixth tts. r.:^:-- [
'■ 7-ROOM hoose : tnedera lssptvren«?nt>- 117
I Julian are . near Mxt< and rt».
; m— X. - of i room*. In 2ae~orrler: call and
gee. UC Kearny St.. Bear Greenwich. ■
• WHY pay rent? Why not balW* Tou can do
I »■*. If yrru have nanrt^Ar^d an* w(«h V» p»«
it off easily ycu can x»t b*«t terrr.s of Aa»«r-
' lean Investors' Co.. II stoatgo—ery st.
ALL OVER TOWN ' m .~T
> To * a •** fesMßaa to rent by BALDWIN A
HOJTIXL. li MaatroTn»ry.
I KOr?E to let. ANDERSON A CXX. Twenty-
ninth and Saerhea sts-
i SITTER. 717. r.ear Tay'.cr-For 0f..-» arji resi-
i dene*; S rooms: very choice: iareat^ga-e-
I WILJ>OW ay».. House of 3 rxzz*. cr
[ without stable.
i •
COTTAGES TO LKT.
: tt— RE.\R ccttag*. * .on*. t*s*=:eat: water
; free-. 335 Jersey St.: Caitro cars. '
' cor- •" Lyon Ft.. S ro-yzr.r and bath:
rer.t HJ 10: water free. Apply MADISON &
BCRJCE. __^__^_—
FLATS TO LET.
I FlLvT^~r"rooms~aa4~cellar to let: also 2**
of 4 rooms. 33 Bryant it.
: FOURTEENTH. tW near llArk-rt-Kaadsonie
• middle fAt: I rooms.
; C3— s-ROOM =Ps«fr fiit. Zl% O'Farrell St.. near
Masan. Apply 15 Grant aye.
• NEW sunny f.at; 5 rooms: larre yari. 14C8
- Gr&en St.. near Van Ness ay».
HAIGET -<; Bai*r — Sunny comer i t:i 6-
rocm flats: rcod view; nice agirhbcrhoo-i.
A R3 nice eottaaes and "i-« on G-ary St.. nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. « Market st.
: A.^4OVStCE f^ts and cottages, under H?.
K—Z>y> rice fiats. c»!ures ani fc^ases. 115 cp.
h r.ew iats at SPECK & CO.'S, K+ Market.
CORNER Cat: S rjcras aad bath. 1«S Mc-
Allister St-
' r.'— NEAT Bonay iit. 3 rooms. 1 SfcConnac
st cif Pacific.
; MISSION. I:l3— i larre sunny rooms, bath.
yzri *=i lau-iry: r^s^t $li.
' ALL O%*ER TOWX
You *** £ats to r«=t by BALDWIN a:
HOWELL. 1C llrctrooery st.
XATOMA. Tit— FTat of * roods; larye yard;
cellar; ;u; ail day: Jlft.
5 ROOMS, bath, -table. IS Byingtoa st. Ap-
ply IGI O'Farreil st.
PIERCE. X 22. r»ar Ha: yht— Lower Sat. 3
r>:ms: ssnry side; modem lr=;rovements;
- .•
Fl^^T: C sunny roo-n? sni t*th. 33 Pond St..
cr. intersection of Ma-k*t aad Sixte-nth.
SECOND. C»— Flat of " sunny KM D }13; also
\ ccttag e. 4 rasmy rood .- til.
NT«7F~ coiy Cat; iar?e yard: chicken hc»jse: ;
T-;.-.lera tntprrjversents. £ Sharon st. ; Mir-
ket and Fifteenth.
V.i—XiTtV* t:R Cat. 4 troms: basement. manteL
foliin^ door. TIS ima rt., near Eirhth.
TURK and Pierce. NW. ccmer— Hs: new upper
Sat: $ rooms and bath
TWENTY-THIRD. *-T3-*r3— A few steps fr^m
C"B^trt^-st. cars: 2 lovely shinny t.pi>er ani
!-->wer mc-iem 4 and 5 room &ats; rent Cl ar. !
Sl5: water free.
TWENTT-FOUP-TH. W4-Twi sanny front
rrcms: lirht hocseke»;:njr; Y.\
TWENTY -THIRD, IT2T. near D>>! ?r»»-PVaji-
ant Cat in pood condition : 5 r-»ms: bath.
WEBSTER. 515— cic* <s<t irate) Cat of 3
rooms and yard; rent tl>.
FUPNISHED Cat sccth of Market: ( scorns
and bath. B^x -<■ Call OfCce.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
| BRYANT. IKt wrJ N:-:b— J r.!-» :y hnMH
rooms, frcnt: complete for hces»ke«;ln?; RT.
El'?H. fll— 2 larye rjnny fcmishM rMSj,
first fiocr. with kltrh»rt: 71s ranff».
BUSH. 2 sun-- f-c-nt rvrrj. furnished;
tiirht h cvke 1 ; :r: no children.
ET>PY. 5CE— Tbt3 lars* front rooms for hoas-s-
keepinjr: private family. ■
EDDY. 743 — Lower Coor. 3 or - rocxj, fur-
nishe-1 for hsus*k»epinK'. cr cnfumlshed.
EDDY. SlT— Nlce-ly furc:«h»-i frcrt connecting
room?; r*s rans»; splen-iid locatior-
ELEVENTH. 13«— Branch office of The Call:
subscriptlcts and want ails tak^n.
i FIFTH. SI — Sunny rooms ; fcousekeepins ani
ethers
■ FIRST. -Z~ — ? brrcht front -oms. completely
fi:ms«h»3 '-rr housekeepin?: K2.
; G"ART. 123— Frcnt alcove mcm. well furnish-
ed; running water; dos-sts; suitable li^ht
boosekeepißC-
I GROVE. T?2, cor. Van N«r^ aye— Sunny asfur-
■ nishe-i 3- room suites; w-.th g%s stove.
; HOWARD. S2S— Suites cf hcus*k€«epinr rooms,
I H2: sin?-re. Si per m.-:r,tli.
\ JACKSON. ♦». near Mas^n— Furnished, sunny,
froct. larre boosekeepti^ rooms. J3 to O.
I JONES, in — Sunny, convenient fumlih-rd Cat;
1 !or 3 rooms; ha'f cf ecttafe-.
: JUNIPER. «— Between Tenth and Eleventh, off
Foisoni — Two large sunny room* for hou*e-'
! ke^pinr: r»nt lift, or f? with us*- of kitchen.
j MCALLISTER. B** — Chean bxxia^y
; rocms: also single furtished cr unrurcished.
| MISSION, •".. n*»r SecoEd— » sunny Tjhim*-
keepins r«otn*. furnished complete; also 3
; sunny back room*.
i MISSION. «*.«— I-i-. sunny r>x>tn. with grate.
f S3 per week: single rooms n per nek: |ii.
i ranny suite. ccc:plete for bcusskeepinj, in
basHimnt.
' MISSION. 1215— Sunny ftirnishe-i hoc*eke*pins
I rooms.
CF ARRELL. ZSH^—Oznt to Cve unfurnished
rooms and bathroom; reasonable.
I P»"»LK. <TS— Heusekeepinr. *unny tay-wtndow
' room, with kitcfeen: rris-T.aV.-r
POST. «rTH— I pleasant fr*>nt and back par-
lor and kitchen: unfurnished.
I SIXTH. 115 A —3 cr 4 sumy rooms, firniihed
: -complete for hnnf nplni
I STANLEY Piace. 15- 113. ( nice sunny rooms,
including bath: a!«o >' 50, 4 food rooms.
I VAN NESS. 51s — Two front rur.ny rooms tar-
nished complete for housekeeping: CO.
ROOMS TO LET.
i I
BCSH. 7TS— Two newly furnished rooms for '
X«st:asea. at {7 aad tt per laonth.
! LEXINGTON. 213 E4dy— Large stiaiiy front
suite*: also r*.ag!e for gentlemea.
' : HHERMAX Apartment Book. B Etchth at..
, near Market: furnished aad unfurnished.
, ! ELGIN PARK, Nicely furnished sunny ;
' ] room. prirate family; rent 13.
| FULTOX, 3 <Fulton Hous«>— Xlcely furnished |
. f rooms: single or en salts: S3 aad l".i up.
I GEARY. 40£-«annr furnished rooms for cents:
X and r - |
I GROVE, 2? Sunny famished- rooms: private !
; family: near City HalL j
f HOWARD, n ST. DAVID'S— rooms; ;
1 eaitea; t'.-fr'.t: sunny reading-room; Xc up. I
! HOWARD, la*— Beat and cheapest rooms la th« I
j city. .
! HOWARD. IsUA— Fumlshe-1 . rooms to let;
| single or en suite.
I HOWARD. US— The Globe: siagle suites; read- '
j ing room; tie per night.
j JESSIE. **J— Ftre rooms to let.
; ARLIXGTOX ■M. 127 Keamy st-— Pleasant
i sonny rooms, en suite and single: first-class
1 to erery respect: terms reasonable. I
[ LARKIX. Newly famished sonny frost ;
rooms, near PaTllkia. for Jubn«e visitors.
: MARKET. Eleraatly famished suites and
• stegle rooms for Jsbtlee visitors.
' 1 MARKET. ICC— <X*w manacement) : An*, dean
] room' 1! :j i: :■} per week; transient. iZc up.
I MAP.:-: 1325— <Th* Hawthorae>— Furnished. '
! unfurnished: single rtas.. suites: iubtlee via. \
, MINNA. tS— Furnished rooms to let; I Tic par {
T i week.
j m:nn.v :>-Nice tarnished front room*.
I MINNA. 4io—Xlce .single furnished room; S4 \
■ - rent.
| MIXXA. «T. corner Eighth— Xewly furnished
I . bay-window room. tl a week.
XIXTH. 130 H. near Market— sunny room: !
tay window aad grata; also 1 small room, tv :
POLK. Pleasant furnished room; IT. i
t HAXCOCK HOUSE. 7tl Mission: select family
. rooming boose: tl to 15 per week. • „„:
MISSION, Kit*— Xlce front room; gas and
f bath; J; month, *
TnE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL. MONDAY, JAXUARY 24, 1898.
ROOMS TO I.KT-I ontinnfd.
MISSION. 15«— Sanny bay-window front aad
back parlor: !artr kitchen; furnished.
XATOMA. m. near Third— J nice sonny
rooms to let In small family.
POST. !*»— Panny fvrnlihed room In private
family; osc of kitchen, or board of desired:
cheap to desirable party.
POWELL. 13— Nlc* suites of rooms; rent
cheap: day. week or month.
POWELL. S3 — (The siootsOoV— Pjnay «sites
and single rooms. rea^tma trie; transient.
POWELL. Z£l— X«r bous»: newly furnished:
salts and «;r.s>: also offls* rooms.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE- ear P-venth and
Mi«=»ioa^ — Pleasant sanny rooms, en suite and
single; •irrator: moderate rates: families.
SEVENTH. I*l— Furnished rß'.tes and si nT •
rooms at lowest ratss MRS. PRAHL, prop.
EIXTH. I!*— Lanre fnral*fc»d rooms: slnrte or
doat-le: runnlnr water : closet : St week op.
STEVENSON. JCi,. bet. Sixth aad Seventh—
I nfc'ely farcishe«S - ••■'Bis «a «a!«»: !:; p«r
rr.cr.th; private fasilly.
STOCKTt»N. 17. Earojwan— K>c*r.t rooms:
suite cr si— lm: day. w»«k or moath: baths:
hot and cold ■»«.•■•- transient: elevator.
THE STANFORD. 3KH Bu7t»r— single
rooms for Jubiite visitors. ••■ to »• H day.
STUTTER, ns-713. aad «3 Hyde— rnmisb*«l and
mtslwC; choice for office*: reasonable:
•rate.
TL'RK. I?s— Fumlth-d room. «-'.:s j.? for a ffea-
tlerran: IS i month.
VALENCIA. SMA— Nlcp room; raaalnc water;
gn» ■ modern: rent K.
K» BUSI^JESS cards r rated II: C Tl*itin«
cards. -•'• HILJ^ TtiH Market sx.
BOARDING AM) ROOM?
EDDY. rrv—Sanay front slnrle and doable
rooms : first-class board. S3 50.
FELL. *♦— Sunny furnished rooms beard op-
tional: raiior for i with hoard. 135.
FC»LSOM. 511— SweiUh private *rdlu«. with
»oo«E. 14 to V per we-; s'ce location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beantifttl grooxxls ta-
ble unsurpassed. T9> Hyde, cor. EdJy.
STTTTER. I*^1 — Sunny suite; hot and cold
water: parlor Coor; beard or not: private
Spanish faally.
~~ T f->" ?li— Nice roeama &,-. i board In private
family; bs.tb_ ?rate. excellent table; cars pass
the doer; terms CO up.
VAN NESS »t._. f.yt—Se-wly furnished sunny
rrvnn*: p»i Vmrd: ----- raod^rate. -^ ■
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to bc&rd; b*st rf car»T~terms'reasoa"-
able; r*ferencga reqeiped. ISSi McAllister st.
YOUNG Enplish lady will take children In her
own bouse rood location: nice rarden. Ad-
dress S.. Bex 11 Call office. Oakland.
ENGLISH widow wculd like two children to
board: famished rocwi for parents 31 Clara..
WIDO^V wishes few infants to board. ail
Brrant 5t.. bet. 2<th and Sth.
STORES TO LET.
BLACKSMITH: larsre sho»TVcre«T Cne ly-a^
Ucn; n5. tT3 Fell st.
r?5 — FURNISHED larre Creprrof st.jr«: center
cf business. St. Helena; -< lease. Address
lock box 13. St. Helena. CaL
TO I«— Fsne larre stcre. with ttrtac rocms;
F>>lscrn S*_. between Eirttth and Ninth: KSt-
*^lU >r "^y **'* c! i us. cess- Inquire of E.
PETERSON. 3t Bosh «
STORE and ( rocrns. suitable batrher shop or
fruit rare; cheap, 2Tjh - -J Alabama sts.
» HAVES ST.-Brancli let «t Hi Can.
- ct-«crirti^n3 and ads taken.
OFFICES TO LET.
2 BAY-WINDOW «nite*. 2. " nxrms. nicely fam-
ished; suitable ofCces; reasonable. Sthryiia.
215 SANSOME St.. now occupied by W. Loaiza
A Co. ASHTAX. 411 M -r -----y st.
_ STAPLES TO LET.
STABLE and 2 room*, kitchen. b*th. •' -
f&rty with burry or Utrht wayin: r»nt rea-
: s-tnable: reference r^qutre-l. Apply 211 Third
aye.. - . .- Clement st.
MUSICAL I>MKI I »
ANY person havinr use for a piaao ne«d net
do without when rood ■■-..-■• i.-. be
purchased from as at cash prices opon
monthly payments of U. Ji. C. it. JT. r-. O.
II*: handsome scarf and wood seat stool in-
cluded no charge for cartace Purrs your
mediam and tow price piano* where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. » SHERMAN. CLAY i CO.. Stela way
Deal-- ccr. Tirny aad Sutler eta.
ABSOLUTELT the oldest and larrest house
west of Chicajro is KOHLER & CHASKTS.
24. if and ?« O*Farreil st. Plan-w. crrans
and an ether musical instruments cf all
1 rrades and price*. Terms easy: prices low-
est- Everything possible dene to please and
satirfy the customer.
BEFORE bcyin* a ptano It win pay y<?a to
i ccr.sult us Why? Because we bay only !a
! carload lots, pay cash for everything aad
(Tire the rorrhaser th» advantare raii**
thereby KENJ. CURTAZ i SON. II to 23
: O'Farrell st.. Curta* block.
■ CONOVER. slichtly used, tra" :
Steinway. sli«*tly us«iJ. rr-
C*:ici.tTinK. se<x:-nd hand, $I*s.
. -.-■-■■'. lr>w*»t prie-*. rent.lnst*l!sents-
Th* F. W. SPENCER CO.. S3 Market st.
i PIANOS at cut price*: improve the aorta-
; r.ity: asency famcos Hilnes Bros . ■pg«h A
! Geru and Bonerrr-ar W^l. C. HAMILTON.
: successor to A L. Bancroft tk Co.. 351 Post
AT GARPNEB ft GLASSFXL'S. S3« Post st .
you win find i. lam and var:*«i stock cf
piano*: prices and terms as raasooable as
any hrsus* in the city.
1 DECKER * SON pianos are aiway* satlsfac-
; tory. G»t low prices from Maarmjs Musis
\ Co.. T** Market st.
OHMERACo.. Byrsn Manzy. Newby. Ermcs.
Brier* «nd.p»her planes: s*e oar rent plan:
co Interest first year. SO?. 311 313 Post.
ADMIXI3TRA TOR'S sale— Mo«t sett pianos at
' frr.ni»r.se r^iurtiTi *or rasa or cr. 'astall-
i meats. EATOX ESTATE. m Market St.
\ SACRIFTCFD — Elerant trprlrht -:ano: srast
; s*t*. 3fi K««rr.}- St.. rocm M.
! SMALLEST ad. lowest'rrlce. KeJne. UK EH*.
I BAP.OAIX— XIc* wrrirht cheap. «*>-"HV: II
McAHlst'r st.. near Hthernla Bank.
| HOPVTXG"? n#w style pianos: most perfect.
t trniiar.i. powerful tone. TIS Post rt.
( KIXGSBTRT «1«7 m«?»n !» th* p^ano you
| wast. J. HA FRY STOTT. rX Hay~> rt.
! ST*PFRIOR Tiolln*. zithers, c.d nd new. H.
I inTLLER. maker, repairer. I Latham ptae*
KKABR ntaass: new ?«ile: «*«■ rtyles.
""HT.FP. A <~KASE. Sn OT»rr»n rt.
for SALE— MISCELLA.VEOC3.
BOILERS. er.rlr.»«. M hand machinery. M--
IXTOSH * WQLPMAX. \r. Beaie st.
DIAMOND and nfia! cluster ring for J»5; cost
r<«L rxCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHTCKEX-MEX— Best feed gr>lng at half
price; orerstocked; 714 Market st.
I FIXE m-year-«H St.* Bernard d-?c: a inches ;
! hick: weight 112: full pedl*re*<l: a spleadM
: chance for Klondike. Box 739. Call.
SO"* PAIR *he* !a«t«: also dealer la second-
hand tools, machinery., etc.: mail orders
1 promptly attended aft, «M Mission at.
FOR sale — Gaarttn* launch at a aactSce: IS
; fe*t k>rg. 1 horse-power. Union m&ke. Ad-
j dr-»- M. M. HAAS. Xar*.
! ELEGAXT. altno«t new bar fixrorea, - rery
cheap. it« McAUlster st.
OLD bGUdin^* boceiit and remor»d at short
notice Arrly Old Bar ITstrtct Trrrtc build-
; Ings or C»A El!!s. J. B. FREXCH.
FIXE «al<v»» front, hoss»il stained ciaaa.
nlcket plate, rery cheap. MM Mission st.
BLACKSMITH'S «ct*t for sale: also stalls to
let. Jl 75. 11« Mission.
FIXE larre doc for «ale; for Klondlk». Ha
Fotoom St.
GAS stores for heatJnr. cae-half price: lard
: bcwl barb^- withstands, cheap. HTTF-
! SCHMIDT. C 3 GoSdea Gate are.
! SOME new and s«<-or.<J-h*r:d SterSJaar whe*'.s;
! harwins. XICHOLS i CO.. «4 Battery st.
; SAFES— B*nrai»s In new and second-hand: all
! ■teaw half ordinal erst 1*»-111 Marked S. F.
GRAPHOPHOXCS. n*: Record*. JS per don.:
Projectcgcope. IIW. Bacicalmrt. SO-M4 Mrkt.
' CCFFEE mill, scale. hsrM-track. letter-press.
; desk and safe cheap. IK Clay st- ■
\ BARS, bark bars, mirrors, showcases, -. coun-
| ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
i office furniture and fixture*: lew and sec-
j ■ -arl J. XOOV.VX. l?i7-ai>-IRI-l«2
..Mlsrioa St.*. above Sixth..
: BARS, shewcasea. cr-nnters. sbetrtnjr etc..
' hoocht and sold. HO Ml— l nil, near Seventh
! FOR SALE— secondhand Crrproof safe.
i at 43 Main «:.
| SECOXD-HAXD dynamos, gasoline and steam
; enirlnes. boiler*. onTlers, »>--'■ - r ■ = •-- '- T
laapMaerr. te. ='- — ' CO.. T '-'■€■■ --. .•
SEWI\G MACHINES.
j C MOXTHLT— Rented, repaired, soucht. add:
I -.- machine supplies. 145 Sixth at.; phone Mist 45.
| ALL kinds bought, sold. exchanged, rented:
i repairing; lowest rates. IBS Fourth st. . .
PKRSOSAU.
WAJXTED— New* cf C«4>taln Ji_n G-thrie
of r.'r <:**. Scotiaa* last heard ©f on or
about Cth of July. UK and then residing at
NU Greenwich st. San Francisco: his fath-
er died on the Ist of October, UK. Any ta-
fcr_a tfcn will be thankfully rec«tved by A.
BERK. 2*12 Greenwich St.. Saa Prandsco.
or by BURXE99 * DICKSOX. BsjUcitors.
Moatrese. ' f
JIARRT- Seed »*- for large list of patrona
worth »»» to !". .■■• strictly private. R. _.
LOVE, box 1S». Deaver. Cola.
PHREXOLOGICAL erar-lnatl-na. tnstr_ct.c__
In pferenolonr £-- buiaan macaetiam. *>;-,
CVFarreU «t.
MARRT?— Head for "<^pl4": the most reli-
able lists; price lie Box .w3. Call Office
I KXOW fro— -os^ experience what style
pleases the b*_t. halrdresalng. _c;
•witches. It: finest, beat quality. JS Ui; extra
heavy, lozf. tS: :-- : : -.- <c-p«i all lay. except
from 11 to i. G. LEDERER. 11l Stocktaa, «_
NEW method mas-age, electric treatment for
nenrous-u. «*=eral ieMilty; fat reduced;
Hours. » to C MRS. JOHXSOX. SI«H Geary.
PRACTICAL California mining foreman desires
the acquaintance or caireapcadeace with some
mining company; woo-d go to Aiaaka. Box
m. Call o?_oe. ■ -
MM CARDS, n «•: !«*» bill heads. SI 90: MO*
statements. n SO: 10CO letter heads. S3 *>; MM
envelopes, SI *: printed irst class: orders o*
Si sent free. BROWX * BLET CO.. print-
ers aad photo-engraver*, li to 17 Surrettsoo.
DR. COXDORTS
Kloadlke cendem^i food capsules. Price,
!•» capsules U5. 1991 -.--•- Address
DR. V. COXDORT.
tSi Howard st.
■ PROF J. GREVEX will Introduce three marc
talent to the public la their owa concert at
' T. M C A Hall, on January M. ISM. Ml»a
M. De Cheat, drama tie soprano: Miss L
Brown, t_rx*o scpraßJ. --"-i MX- M. AL-
: BERT. h!ra lyric tester.
! BIG outdoor stereoptiooa show every night cor-
r.»r Market acd Sixth sts.; artistic advertise-
ments la hvJas: liirht: promoters of business.
; Coasalt OWL ADV. CO.. Ml Market M.
ELECTRIC l!?hts la every room; tester
House. « Third st.. -r- Market: Tii rooms.
_5c uIIK per nJpht; 51 ;•:■ to M per week;
, free bus aad baggage to aad from the ferry.
\ MISS AXDERSOX. rraiuate. Swedish nurse:
baths: require mifagf; Swedish movement:
ladies, gents. ** Market St.. room B. 13 floor.
ADVICE free: dlrcrce law» «9eclalty: pr^vat*:
-- '^. without » access: collections. O. TV.
HOWE. att-at-Uw. tSC Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, mads la
Uta rrtnr!»co at v_rt*ra r<ri<!«a WALTER
K. BRt*XT. OS CUT K. ? F.
_NT to order on easy Installments. _,
LEV - 111? Market ft., bet. Tth aad Jth.
•--.■ t^Tn'.c: a preparattoa uasar-
pass- r<". O. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
tit — Suit to crder: samples: try one. XEU-
HAVS * CO.. tailor*. lIS K<~u-ny st.
1 CLOAKS aad _llor-a-_de salts retailed at
wholesale f «-ar»*. ** !Ur.*w« st.
! EXn>ERFLUOrs hairs removed by electrolysis.
1 — -
DRESSMAKERS.
lOIE. GOLDSTETX— EI*«*st. styl_h _r 'issue
ts op: i ■»».»*» mate over. • Edlv »t.. nr». M.
CLAIRVOYANT*.
MRS. DR. F. CLARS. the dlstlaguished
traace clairvoyant aai taediuai: while en-
tranced she win revea! every hidden mystery
In life: she will show yoa how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles. restore
lost affections: unites, the separated, recov-
ers lest, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals: teila your entire life,
past, present and future, while la a perfect
trance. Hours Ma. ra. to 5 p. m. : perfect
: saUsfact!<?n ruaraEte#d by rnaO. Send stamp
for rirruiar with sreciiJ ...... DR. F.
CLARK, rms. SAX O*S Market, opp. «th.
ifME PORTER, w-Tsderfol cUlrroyaat car*-
reader, born doable Tell ant) secood sUht:
£.-z.t;--«'.s disease, tall life readtnc: laTTa*;
res:* H: r*!m. 4 clalrr.; sit- & So. IM Turk.
.EMOV El>— Mrr.#. Leaessar te!!s fortunes by
planets: rrd'td "l\" steamer on Island. 3^
Sixth, roorr. «.
MMX LE XORiI.VNT'E: '•lairroyaßt. cani-
r«art*r. rcametic treatsies.t: hours 13 to 1
4T L^areawcrth «t-
MME. VAX DE VEP.E r»tarr.M: card r»a-!«-
a=i magnetic healer. VK? Market st.. room C
MME. JO=IE TAYIjOR. card reader and renu-
i=e mairaetlst. 3J P-*-. st . room U. M floor.
Mlir VTOOT>S. cari reader, talnd reader,
raairastic chanss. XT Post st.. room S.
MME MOREAt*. te« mt«' -n rla:r-roraatl
card •**>» »c v- 1 Fourth St.. np>taln.
MRS. FAIRBANKS. cUircoyant and palmist:
readings 2Sc and Xic. Roots 1. Ie» Sixth at
rooxa la.
MR? SHAFFER mediam:
-^« ii !r l»H Stxth st.. room M.
MRS. DR. ANNA TKOMAS-Flrrt la her pn-
'**»■ - rev»r fa!l»: advice: kelp. m p-*t
MISS LOLA M STnvnV:?. -ard-r-adtnc and
magnetic treatment. IS Mason, suite 1-2.
DR. ALICE FAT. medium and genuine mag- j
netk: bealcr. M Seventh st.. second floor. :
RAT FAfP. r
speci<»:-v rrt Pr^t «t . --.-•tc j.
MME. LIXDEX. e«pd t*%At asd rr.arr--.!*:.
h*» returned : charm*. ISt Fourth st.. rtmm —
MISB LtTE LAGTTED. carl reader and paha-
•at 214 O'Farren st. rocms 1 and J.
MELVTLLE rr»«t cU'.rroyaat asd
-.■ . . ... . .
MM" ZINELLA. the basiness HrHttnn and
astrologer. Room 12. 159 Gnmt are.
MRS MANDENA, medrsra and palartst: read-
's" 2Sg tH« week: aatJani — - rar*Jd. II «th.
KM! STBILLE. -radle to gray»; future has-
band's pl^tnre Be: ladles. tl« O*Farrell st.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, cari-wrlter: past.
present and, future: 25c It! Sixth, room 5.
MM F. FC'TAS Scotch seerws. «r1 naiisj aad
talnriac tc9 Eddy ItilP v
MT«« EDNA V. GRANT =:nd reader and
palmist tR Taylor at . r>-»r. S.
MME RATTXA reads Ma faentTy: T ailiissa
spir;tualism.
[ fStStE RETS Material '«i-^ »c-
, ance Monday eve.. Me. st Sixth st.
MRS MATO STEER? . .**" Hrrles
Toes. S p.m.. Thurs. : p.m.: ZZc: readings Jl-
A M. FRANCIS, independent slat writer : de-
vel-,pinjr Circe Wednesday eve. m Haight st I
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: cirel-
Toes.. $ p. m.. 2Se: reaglnys. n. 214 Franklin!
MRS. J. J. WHTTNET. spiritual medium, for
i"<tjrf« «?af atdric* Hi Stncirtnn »t- ,
DENTIST*. "
Ft-'LL set of teeth, li; ; -. - - •■"'extraction - see
oar combination plate, thla as paper- war-
ranted It -years; teeth wttnoajl plates: crcwa
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplante-J; CUlngs B>c crowns
lisa: all work palale«» and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 14 Sixth st.
I VAN VROOM electro-deatal parlors: painless
: dentistry; no chock: painless extraction a
positive fact: fall set of teeth, r. up: stive-
filUncs. »c op: «old crowns. 13 M op: yoar
I teeth pot la without I plate: cpea eveniars.
W7 Market St.. cor. Sixth: 'Phone Jessie «C
NEW TORK Detstlsts— extraction. SOc:
plates. I*: gold £lUng. .*e up; silver, Sc up: !
plates mended. Jl up: special Inducements I
to Kloadlkers; cpea evenings and Sundays. I
Kb Mission st. car. Sixth.
DR. LUDLCM HILL. I*3 Market, nr Uth: no
chanre for extractlnx when plates are made: j
old plates made over like new teeth from S3
\ per set: extracting We: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK. rename L~k dent-
Ist discoverer of pain!«rs - ■.--«-!
patentee of Improved bridge work m teeth
without plate, moved from i to a O*Farrel!.
$3— FULL se« «4 teeth: best make: kept In
repair: extracting free: fillings. &V: crowns.
»VS Pacific Dental Parlors. IS Third st.
ALLEN aRnfFTTHS. 4entl«t. has resumed
practice. 44 Dopohoe tldg. Market A Taylor.
L. A. TEAOTE. A- CANE and F. TEAGCeT
reTsonred to Call bids;., tth goer, raw. «M-<>*:.
W. C HARDING. M. P.. &M Batter st. cor. !
Powell: tel. Mala Z27S: painless extraction.
ALL wurk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KET. !JSs Market it.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. •H. C
YOCyG. 1341 Pc 7 * st.
COI.TON' Dewtnl A'syHttf"!". ft* Market st.
PR. CHARLES PECICF.R. - ■
. . LOST. ~"
LOST— A dc«: spaalel setter, aboat 1 year old-
tuck, with white on breast - Finder wUI re-
ceive reward •by Ktcrslng to C. J. WEB-
gTER. end of Pay-*, wharf.
WHITE boll terrier dor: brlndle patch on
eve. Reward at i», Clara at - .
LOsT— a pass-book with the Hlhemla Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco. In the
name ef, ISABELLA F. MORAS; Nol in tS!
--- -=- -- wm please return to bank.
BRING old cold and sllv«er to -a- and **-: casa
far It. UNCLE, HARR33. tt 6rant aye.
'■ . _ rin:-ui.i\-i . :
DR. C C O"DOXXELL. offlesj and residence!
. . 123« Markat; diseases .of women a specialty. .
CITY REAL ESTATE.
STOP P*ying rent. Begin the new year rtjrht.
RemeKber the difference between payin?
rent and owning your own hem* to worthy of
• great struggle.
Two cottaees of 7 room*, hath, larg* pantry.
plenty cf closet room, sink tiled. Cae hisra
basement. all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walk*, stylish ■ front, all mod-
era Improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated: »»): terms to s_t purchaser.
Apply en premises, corner Cortland are. and
Mission ■_- to J. M. COMERFORT*. firrm 1 to
t3> 9- m-: take Mtsalcn-st. cars to Cortlaad it.
HOTEL for sale. In a thriving town, within
ex* boar's Journey of the city: coetainiag 3)
rooms, bath. etc: modern brick balldlng en
low lease: new furniture for- sale, low price:
easy terms: good paying trade: bar -boot *»
p*r day. Apply to EASTOX. ELDRIDGS A
CO.. OS Market st.
PROPERTY for sale and to let. all parts of
city tad country. GEO. W. H. F VTTERSOV
& CO.. Real Estate. las. Brokers. I?» Mkt.
BARGAlN— Haad some l-#i ry. *-room ccttaxe:
▼cry ranay; fine v.ew; SU4 Green st.
HOOKER * LENT 1- Post rt.
SC3C WILL boJid *-room >-.-tt»>^e c^m^ete-
wtD call GEO. M ?AL=3mi. bafklcr. _i
X st. Sunset District.
♦-RM. eettag- tad lot. t_»» 1 bt^ck rrom Ml»-
ston cars: TIC moathly. PA PIN «3 Kearnr.
MOSEY TO WAS.
ANT amount at «H per cent on real estate: 5d
it Id - --».-- estate*, undivided Interests,
real estate in probate, life inoorance. goods in
warehouse, furniture and plan"* without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies Vmcht ■ no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAX. 1* Mor.tponiery. rm. X
I F . Oak-
land or Abuaeda. at lowest rates, without
removal: bo eoo__tl*ctot-> : no delays J
- :o ÜBS Mission, above
tel. &.uth 11.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Bald-win Jewelry
■ re. *« Market st. : tel. Greea 2*4.
ia on real estate at I -- cent"
-
reaS estate in pr" K at» »-\r * : -~ Ma-
Loan Co.. r. M (irroand floor}. M
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission: lowest Interest: part payments
received: money quick aad co_Meatial. IIT3
Market . st-. room SS.
H.M9-M* TO loan on diamond.*: low -"rest:
perfect secrecy: private entrance: "rentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular li<-»ris*«l pawnbroker at I
Fourth *t~ uj-^tairs: stHctly private: low
rates: tel. Red 11*1: established ISO.
--
■
- \i* party. Bf>v v ' it
ON furniture. pf«p.<^«: no c«>rrm!*sJoTi: Inw
rates: private. SCRIBNER. * City Hall Sq.
ANT * - '-■ - : -
«<e. Roor-. " ' «t.
K« TO SSA.M*. lowest rates
any rr»:-p..-«'t!'r - - ■ - •••
CITY and country: any «r:rr. : I*t ar.d Sd ta-srt-
gar-«. estate*, etc. MURPHY. CS Mkt st.
On pianc?. famltnre: no r«"TT!ival: l.T«rest
rates: no com.; private. 11* McA!ti«ter st.
1* SlXTH— lion re!!ar!» pkaea to borrow
incaey: dlamcrds and Jewelry.
A WEFtl'B news for 5 rents— Weekly
Call. Is wrapper, for nailing.
FI>"AXCIAU
3. BOAS. JS> Moctp^r:»ry st.— Leans en life
insurance policies and beys bank books.
IRAN'S osl real estate, bends, etc.: lowest
r»t««. McAFEE BROS.. --. i.f _- g-_-.g -_ -. ft.
EDUATI(I>AU
..--—^. .^^.^.,_ .„. — _^
HEALDS Business CoUere. M Post- Book-
• keepia?. besisess practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy. li=r-*-re=. Ecjrllsh branch-
es; electrical, ctrtl ft r=l=!a» ea^laeerinc. ycr-
veyiEK. s.*siyir.r. etc.: I 1I 1 " 1 teacher*; U» grad-
uates placed since IS9S; cataiocae.
ATRE? Easiness College. JSS M-?nt»omery St.;
Individual lnstructJcc la shorthand, trpinc
bookkeeping-, -«raphy. etc.; life scholar-
ship. Ji>; low rates per week and month.
EXGIXEERIXG school: cfril, electrical, mlß-
log. m»c!i. . surrey, assay, archlt : day I cxc. :
est. 1554. VAX PER XAILLEX. -JJ Market.
BOOKKEEPIXG and rapid calculations; a
coarse la Tan's coantirjr r»ra rr.i"i?s you
tliortxi^h. Room ST?. «5 Market st.
FLUTE. mar.dotSa. cottar le«s-rrL«: dab tl
tnonthJy. PROF. GASTALPI. Tl9 Lombard.
BOOICKEEPIXG. arithmetic! writing. ?ra=-
eiar; day, nitrat: C cao. I.vh Market, op. Sth.
IXDIVIDVAI. instrocticn. short tad and type-
writing; tern» reascnaMe. inSA Post st-
SAX FR.\XCISCO Bostness CMtcc*-, IJ3« Mar-
ket st. 124 po»i:lP3» la 'M: I*3 la '*!.
LVT-LtT* School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. S3 Suiter st. ;•■>-;
PROF. M KOLAXPER, teacher mandolin.
. guitar and banjo. S3S Market st.. nfT Mason.
VOICE colrar*. piano Parts irradiate French.
Spanish: new classes: C no. 139 Taylor M
FISK teacters" mm l*s la 1» cit!»«: teacher*
w>r.t*«l now. **9 Parr"tt binding.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly uie< - am no matter
what cause; instant relief for travelers: a
cure effected at once without delay: safe and
sure at any time: rriTat- home la confine-
ment: best care and attention: ladles in
;--.: = cr suSerlng from any complaints pe-
culiar to their sex should consult the only re-
liable specialist cf 'on* a- I successful prac-
tice befote going elsewhere; every case guar-
anteed: consultation free and strictly confi-
dential. MRS. DR. KOHL. ::r« Market at
A PROCESS that is perfectly harmless: never
falls in any case of monthly sickness, no
matter what cause: no electricity humbug
or ether dangerous methods: money hi every
case refunded if a care Is net effected;
travelers helped Immediately : years' experi-
ence: home in confinement with aanitanaa
conveniences. Consult free the only reliable
physicians. DR. AND MR? DA VIES. 14 Mc-
Allister st.. next Hlbemia bank: hoars. »
a. m. to 5 and 7to! p. ra. - • -. . r
ALL monthly irrerolartties or other condition*
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
and sore at any time: kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
racve-1 by electricity: home In confinement:
b**t -»r» and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor, free, before going else-
where: regulating pills and carsules. JL
MRS. DR. WTETH. SIS Post at. near Larkin.
ALL of Dr Foolet"s cap*u'.*s are cuaranteed
i ab?clute Bare for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sore: no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: rrsc* n 5* per box. sent free bT
mall on receipt of price: ------- - --:
rreciat d- ■»«*« free. WALLER r.ROS.. a
Grant ay P. F. A cantton— ' por-
rtxsing elsewhere, writ* as.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly t'clcness from whatever
rauw In few aoars when medicines and others
hava failed: no Instruments used: many
years' experience: every case guaranteed: ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: bbJjhjbjbm pri-
vate hoc f.->r coaSnement. MRS. PR.
DALET. 112* Market at.. ever Owl Drugstore.
RE care, whsa ethers fall: no medicine or
Instrument*: every woman her own pfayaf-
i •-ian far a!' female trocbles. no matter from
what rijj»: restore In 1 day: never falls: «m-
sultation fr*«: can be sent and used at home.
PR. POPPER. tIS Keamy. Orders by tele.
LADIES. Chlrhester's English Pennyroyal Pfl:«
DSBSI -'■ Brand) best: safe, reliable: take
no other: send 4c. stamps, for particulars.
"Rel!-f for Ladles." letter by return mall: at
! 4ro«nrt«ts. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phila.
A l-OOX to wsv-"s and mothers— Sesrtro: pr!e*
ft » RICHARD? Jk CO.. »* Clay St.: send
!c stamp for part ■:*:-• to ■ Sejuro Manu-
facturing Co.. SJI X st.. Sacramento. Cat
DRS.GOOD'WTN. diseases of women: ladles;
safe, quick care guaranteed: any ailment:
n*temlty home: best care, skill only: law
tees: Dr. Ecnack's self-cure. $5. 4«1 Van Ness.
ALPEAFB French pllls. a born tr» ladies with
feiaA • t^».^"es: no dan<«r: !cif». •■or-: B it;
•xpr»s* C O. D-; dent delay, until t-» late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Oast Agent*. Oakland. C»!.
PR. HALL. 14 McAllister st. near Jests—
Diseases of women and children.
L.4 DIES— Mrs. Dr. Part*.: Infallible safe reme-
dies: M years experience. S4*» Fourth st.
HOME tn ennfinersent : diseases of women.
StRS- DR. FUXKE. lft< Stli at.. Alameda.
DBS. K. & K. cor- chronic, nervoos. blood.
<k ■ or private diseases. • lla*oa st. & F.
ir^mLr'T cuied by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ate TnJJ-arif*.' l~r* ITnr»»ll wt.r t-t. r*i VUI.
4X>PARTNERSHIP^JOTICES.
CERTIFICATE OF COPARTNERSHIP— No^
' Uce is hereby rivea that A. W. SCOTT.
JOSEPH MAGNER and A. W. SCOTT JR.
have this day formed a copartnership under
the Sna name and style of SCOTT & MAG-
. NER. All three of' said parties are resi-
dents of the city and coanty of San Fran-
cisco. State of California. SaM partnership
la farmed to carry on a general hay. grain
and commission business in said city and
county and elsewhere. Dated the 3d day
of December. l**T.
A- W. SCOTT.
JOSEPH MAGNER.
A W. SCOTT JR.
: . ATTORNEYS AT LAVV
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee wlthoot success: collections. "- G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. $.» Market, cor. Stocxtn.
'ADVICE free: no- charge unless suacesiafal
W. W. DAVIDSON. «T Market st .
COVSTRT UEAL ESTATE.
WANTED— To exchange MM acres of good j
rrala land elos* to town fir Saa Francisco, i
Oakland or Al&meda property: equity al- >
lowed ; principals only. Box 137. Call.
GOING at a sacrifice: an elegant ranch !
of 25 acres, near he tow-a cf >rmore; » '
acres m besrinr fruit, eight years old: being >
prunes, pears and almonds: balance in hay
land: the haildtnrs on the same were Just
completed last spring at a cost of «+»: good -
house of C rooms and bath: cement basement: E
Sn> tank house wits, servant's room in sane. '
j together with a good windmill: an excellent
I well of water piped to the house and tMtm ,
and over the ground: large barn. **rt»; price ,
of place before improvements were put up I
was MMB. bat in order t-> make a quick sale
party Is willing to sacrifice and sell at this
figure: the bouse is partly fvtnnsised. lactud-
tiut carpets, stoves, etc., which will so with !
the place. GEO. B. M- GRAY. Real Estate j
and Insurance Broker, C 4 Xlsth si. . Oak- \
land.
WW— 7 acres near Petalusta: cottage, stable.
3 chicken-bouses, horse, cart, furniture, tools
mjiA implements.
:rr»- — n acres: Santa Crux Co.; II acres vines.
• acres fruit: Cae treat stream. plenty of
wood: 2-story house. packing- house, barn,
etc.: farm toots.
TW.CCO— tsTestment: fine fruit ranch.
rentfntr for $299 a year.
SlSO— acres at Vacavin*: all in fruit:
bouse, chicken-houses: farm tools. - •
Many other choice bargains; call or send for
list. GAKAX * LTOX, US Keamy St.
F^RTT acres n««r San Francisco: many :
bouta. haras, arteolan w-ils. ch!ck»n-houses.
■bade trees, frolt trees: near railroad Fla-
tten and sugar beet factory: price cut
dress A. T.. 532 Sutter et.. San Fra:v?isco.
ANT -ne wanting a small ranch, for MM
*es. or a moderate steed orchard part -
ed. payable on very •■asy temis.
- - -
IX hois«s close to town: Improred; easy
terms: also 4 to U acre pieces on < and 19
years" credit. I H TWT&G vaomi City;
every M?r.day at CC Market ■ .- ~
HOCSE of * rooase : modern : yard 130 by y<
feet; rreenhocse plants, rood water, stable
' ar ■* chlrlcm yard; a!«.-> g<>:d£sh pond: b'.g bar-
gain. Call at this office.
TO RENT- per year, fralt ranch la Placer
Cocnty: clears fl^CO per year. Rancher, box
7*6. Call office.
X ACRE? c ->*. redwood timber land Heß-
■arty going away. 31 Va-
lencia et.
B^">K and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFKIN. Cortoßwnod. Shasta County. Cal.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$■*;•>"— elegant new house of 8 rooms, laua-
dry and bath: nicely finished and decorated
throughout: plate glass windows: nickU-
piated : ..— '■ .-.^ open work: cement base-
ment with beta side walls and celling plas-
tered: la fact, everyth'.ng to make a home
compiete: situated en one cf the main streets
of Oakland. For further particulars apply to
GEORGE B. M. GRAY. Real Estate ani In-
- .-.- : - -.-- 454 Ninth St.. Oakland.
PrtOPERTY TO IXCHANGI.
lvt-ACRE ranch. Kerr M acres tn .
'i: will sell «S or W a.
noose. Oakland, lot SOxlM
■tain ranch, improved In fruit
I rooms, lot Wzll7. lOK pigeons.
'.'•: ether places What have you to "
H. C. PECKER, ran Market st-. opp
GOOD-RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change f.-r ranches. EDSON «t TCRTON,
12S» Broadway. Oakland.
LEGAL NOTICES.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from O. M. Henry, in the Murphy
dlggtcgs. near Volcano. •.— ii - County, to
deposit tali!run> in Rancherta Creek: from
G«orge A. Grttton. In the Clapboard Gulch
mine, near Volcano. Amaior County, to de-
posit taillsrs ia Sutter Creek: from Frank J.
G«yan. In the Cox mine, near PlacervUle. El
Dorado County, to deposit tailings la a im-
vliie: from J. M. Longnecker. In the Hull
placer mine, near Gesesee. Plumas County.
to deposit tailings la a ravine, and from E.
Becker and Robert Mooney. to the Home-
stake mine, near Amador City, Amader
Cccßty, -to deposit tsJ!:ngs la Raachcria
Creek, gives notice that a meeting win be
held at roots 0. Flood buiffiisjr. San Fran-
cisco. Cal.. en February 7. 1535. at 1:59 p. m.
BIRTHS— MAEBIABES—DEiTHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will act be inserted. They most be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and >- Indorsed wiih the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the --:- pub-
lished.
BORN.
ASH— In Blue Car.yon. January IS. US*, to th«
wife of MM Ash. a sen.
X>EVTTT— In this city, January 23. MSt. to the
wife of H. J. Devitt. a daughter.
GI.TFELD— In tfcls city. January 23. ISM. to
the wife of Max Outfetd. a son.
HOTOP— In this city. January 22. ISS*. to the
wife of G. Hctop. a daughter.
JOHXPON— In MaryviUe. January 21. ISM, to
the wife of Frank W. Jchnscn. a son.
JONES— In Cltyper Gap. January 15. 13S«. to
the wife of Dave Jones, a son.
KENNEDY— In this city. December 18. 1557.
to M wife of W!!!:»t. J. Kennedy, a daugh-
ter.
LEVY— January 23, IS*, to the wife of Samuel
G. Levy, a eon.
MARTIN— Ia Watsonville. January Zl. ISM. to
the wife cf Gecrge P. Martin, twin daogh-
ters.
SAUXDERS— In Sacramento. January 15, 13SS.
to th-» wife of J. L. Saunder*. a son.
MARRIED.
LEIST— GOMEZ— In Monterey. January 17.
Utt. by the Rev. Father Mestrea. George
Le!?t and Maria Gomes.
O"XEILL— HITCHCOCK— San Jose. Janu-
ary I*. IS*S. by the Rev. Father Kenna. Hugh
O*XelU and Mrs. Kate Hitchcock.
EAXDERS— KIMBERLIX— In Santa CUrs,
CsU January IS. ISSi. by the Rev. H. B.
Heacoe. Murray C Sanders and Mary Alice
Kimberiin. ' ' -:
DIED.
Becker. Henry Josephs. a -. -
Becht«l. Max --. Kelleher. Cornelius J.
Bo- - WUllam A. Krahenbuhl. Albert
Buckman. Mrs. Ana Lacomher. Peter
Cedergreen. Amanda Lynch. James J.
Chi? holm — McCaulley. Robert
Cro»*tt. Harriet T. Madden. Frank A
' Devereaux. vr!'.aaai Merchant. Mary P.
FSnnerty. Julia. Mlngo. Prof. Charles
Fracciul. Mrs. C. ' Mooney. Charles
Franu»icn. Katie — O"ConneU. Mary
Girot. Mary R. O'Keefe. George D.
Goldberg' Lippman Painter. Edward E.
Healey. Capt- Henry Rice, Charles H.
Hesrix. Margaret Sage. John A.
Hiiebracd .Klein). Tracey. Mamie
----- WllKams. Cnar;»-» P.
Hewlett Fred W. Wlgeman. Mrs. Lena
BECKER— Ia this city. January 23. ISM,
K»nry beloved mm of Peter and Elisabeth
' Becker and brother of Ferd Becker. Mrs. J.
J Coffey and Emma Becker, a native of San
Francisco, aged XT years 2 months and S
■ 17 Friend* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Wednes-
day January 2*. at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
denc* of his parents. 5J6 Octavia street, be-
tween Hayes and Grove. Interment L O.
C F. Cemetery. . .
BBCHTEL— In this city. January 23. ISs*.Max-
trr"'«" BechteL a native of Austria, aged is
years and 1 month.
BCCKMAX— In San Jcse. January 29. 1888.
Mrs. Ann Backman, a native of Ireland, aged
.63 years.
BOOTH— this city. January 23. 18M. Wil-
liam Allen Booth, a naUve of Xew York,
aged 55 years. '
.-.GREEN"- this city. January 23. UHL
Amanda Chartctta Cedergreen. beloved
mother of Blondina Lindquist. and sister of
Carl Boy. a native of Finland. Sweden, aged
4i years.
C 7 Friends and aeqaaintances are respect -
folly lnvtted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 3 o'clock, from tke undertak-
ing parlor* of Charles J. B. Meuier. «X
'Washington street. Interment Laurel Hill
■-r -:-ry.
CROSETT— In this city. January J2, ISSS. Har-
riet Thornton, beloved wife of James H.
Crosett. a native of Wiaoaa, Minn., aged 30
years and H days.
E7Frieods aad acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servtces
this day (Monday), at 1 o'clock, at the resi-
dence of J- F. Crosett. 23» San Joee avenue,
corner Twenty-fifth street. Interment pri-
vate.
CHISHOLM— San Rafael. January 22. I»S3.
beloved twin -. daughter of Christopher and
the late Mary Theresa Chiaaotm. aged 10
year* • --:-- and 13 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
' fTuesday). cm arrival of » 36 a. m. train from
San Rafael. Tiboron ferry. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
DEVEREAtrX— In San Jose. Cal.. January 23.
IM, William Joseph Devereaux. a native of
California, aged 27 years » months and 19
days
FIXVERTT— In this • city. January 23. UN.
Julia, --.■—'. wife of John -.-.*- - mother
. of Annie. John . and ■ Julia Flnnerty. and sis-
ter of Mr«. R. McLeod and Mrs. P. Reynold*
of Portland. Or., a native of Ireland, aged 3£
year*. ■-...-..■..:'.-.■■ -
FRACCIKI— JassarT a. l»*. Mr«. c. Fmc-
c-.nt. mother of th« late Joseph Faceizl.
FTL\NUSICH— In ttla city. ' January H. ItN.
Kit!?, d«*r!r beSored daughter of Martin aad
Lode Frasaslch. a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year I month »ad 11 day*.
CTTlie funaral will take pJaee this day
« Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents, "" . De Boom street. latertnent
Holy Cress Cemetery.
GIROT— this city, January A BER, Mary
Rosalie Girct. dearly beloved and oldest
daughter of Frank and Mary J. Gliut. and
sister of Alfred. Jcoephine and Francis Giro*.
a native of San Francisco^ aged li years and
• months.
- WT Friends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully invite*! to attend the fsneral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at >:*"• o'clock, from the residenc*
of :-7 par«i!ts. Ul3 Church ----- thence t»
St. James Church. Twenty- third and Guer-
rero streets, where mass will be celebrated
for the repose of her seal, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment ill"" Calvary Ceraetery.
GOLOBERG— In this city. January 22, 1535.
Lippman. bel>v*-i husband of Rebeck. Goid-
berg, and father of Simon L.. Max. Adolph.
Joseph. Car:. Sol. David and Louis Gold-
berg and Mrs. Augusta Cohen.. a native of
Prussia. Germany, aged 7i years and 8
months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the faneral this day
• Monday), at » o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1J27 "VTefcrter street, near Geary. In-
terment Salem Cemetery by II -.» a. m. train
frcra Third and Townaead streets. Fiea*»
omit Sowers.
HEALET— Ia this city. January 53, BJ*. Cap-
tala Henry S. Healey. clerk to Chief of
PoSlc*. a native of Canada, aged C years 1
month and 5 days.
1 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral Wednesday. January K. at
I:3* o'clock, from h:a late residence. 1515
Fifteenth street, near Mission. Interment
Cypress Lawn Cemetery, by electric-cars
from Eighteenth and Guerrero streets.
KEXRTX— Ia this city. January 3. liis. Mar-
garet, beloved daughter of Captain E. and
Elisabeth Hecrix. and sister of Edward and
Elizabeth Henrtetta Henrix. a native of Saa
Francisco, aged Jfc- yeans 9 taoEtha and 7
days.
C7Friend« and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to alter I the funeral to-morrow
<Tcesday>. at liSj o'cJcck. frtm the resi-
dence of her parents. 22ST Seventeenth street,
near Capp. Interment Odd Fellows' Ceme-
tery.
X. D. G. — Officers and members of Ore Flno
Parlor Xo. 5. X. D. G. W You are hereby
requested to attend the funeral t>- our de-
ceased sister, Margie Heurfx.- to-morrow
CTuesdayV at ■ o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. US! Seventeenth street- By order of
NELLIE T. MTLCAT. President.
M. J. SMITH. Secretary.
KELDEBRANT* |KLETX>— Ia this city. '■-.-•:-
ary S. IS9B. Emrr.* Klein, beloved wife of th-»
late Phi:: Klein, and mother of Anrxst
Wissell. Mrs. C. Westphal. Geor?e and E-3-
ward Klein. Mrs. F. HiMebrand and Lena
and Henry Klein, a native of ***» Orleans.
aged » years and 7 months.
C? Friends and acquaintances an respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral I -arrow
(Tuesday), at 1 o'clodc from her late resi-
dence. Bowels block, Sooth San Francisco.
Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HOWLETT— In Oakland. January E. I**%
Frederick Willtam. beloved husband of "Ada
Howiett. a native of lowa, aged *> years aad
1= .vs.
CTPrienda and acquatntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-saorrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 'his late
residence. I€l7 Thirty- avenue. East Oak-
land. Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
JOSEPHS— Oakland. Jascary 22. 1533. - - •*-
lia, beloved daughter of Mary an-1 Joseph Jo-
sephs, and sister of "William and Henry Jo-
sephs, a native of Oakland, Oil., aged 19
year-? » months aad 1 day.
KELLEHER— Ia this city. January 23. 1335,
Cornelius J.. dearly beloved eon of Mar-
garet and the late Cornelius Kelleher. and
brother of the late Patrick. Kate and Jere-
miah Kelieher and Mrs. F. Scully, a nativ*
of San Francisco, aged 33 years 5 months and
2 days.
KRAHENBUHL— In this city. January 23. ISSB.
Albert Krahesbuhl. a native of Switzerland.
aged 7? years.
LACOMBER— In this city. January 25. MM.
Peter Lacemt-er. a native cf Nova Scotia, aged
«5 years and 2$ days.
LYXCH— In this city. January 23. 1535. James
J. beloved husband of Sarah Lynch, and
father of Mary Lynch, a native of the city
of Dublin. Ireland, aged SS years and 5
months.
MADDEN— In Denver. Colo.. January 22. I<3B.
Frank A . beloved son of William J. and
Minnie Madden, a. native of Montreal, aged
23 years.
MERCHANT— Ia Alameda. January S, IS9S.
. Mary P. Merchant, a native of New York.
CTHer friends are respectfully invited to
attend the funeral services to-morrow i.Tues-
fiay). at 11:1* o'clock, at Trinity Chapel, cor-
ner Bush and Octavta streets. Isterment pri-
vate. Laurel Hill Cemetery.
MINGO— Ia this city. January St. ISS?, Pro-
fesscr Charles A. Mingo, a native of Sta-
ten Island. N. T.. aged >" years.
C7"Th9 funeral will take place to-morrow
Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the United Undertakers. IT and 25 Fifth
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery. .
MOONEY— In this city. January 23. 1533.
Charles, beloved son of Joha and Annie
Mooney, and brother cf Edward. William.
Hugh. Joseph and Eva Mooney, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS ; ■•■- lt_- 3 months .- i
2 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 8:3) o'clock, from the resi-
dence of the parents, Castro street, near
. Thirtieth, thence to St. Paul's Church, where
a re^oietn high mass will be celebrated for
the repose of his seal, eommendng at >
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemtery.
McCAULLET— In Wbeatland. January B, ISW.
Robert McCa&Bey, a native of Ireland, aged
C 7 y«ars.
OCOXXELL— In this city. January 22. int.
Mary CCcnneil. sister of Mrs. Rose r>afry
cf Orange. X. J., and cousin of Owen CCon-
nell of Oakland, a native of County Meath,
Ireland, aged 45 years.
C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
! fslly tavited to attend the funeral this day
«Monday). at S o'clock, fretn the parlors, of,
McAvcy & Gallagher. 20 Fifth street, thence
to St. Brendan's Church. Fremont and Har-
rison streets, where a solemn resjuiem mas*
will be celebrated for the repose of her scut.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. , •
CKEEFE— In this city. January 23. ISM.
George Drafts, beloved son of J. and Mary
O'Keefe. and brother of Hazel B. O'Keefe.
a' native of Sa~a Francisco, _-- i 1 year i
—Hi and I days.
C 7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
ft his parents, 240S Mission street, between
Twentieth and Twenty-first. Interment I. O.
O. F. Cemetery.. . .
• ... -
PAIXTER— In this city. January 3. ISM. Ed-
ward Emlen. belov«.i husband of Lixzte Pain-
ter, and brother of David. Lizzie and Pboeb*
Painter, a native of San Francisco, aged 2S
P*an :: - --.- - i- t : ■: -■.■ .-«
C7"Frlend* are respectfully Jnvite-1 to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow
at 1»:» o'clock, at the First Congrega-
tional Church.
January 23, - ISSB. entered into rest.
Charles H.. beloved husband of Jane Fran-
ces Rice, and father of Charles A.. George-
J.. Edward ' J. and Octavta M. Rice a native
of France, aged 57 years. A member of Key-
stone Lodge So. «4. A. O. V. W. (Xew Or-
leans. La., papers please copy.) ■ i
C7"rhe funeral wtJ! take place Wednesday,
January 25. at * o'clock, from his -late resi-
dence. 13*1 Webster street, thence to St.
Francis de Sales Church, where a solemn re-
quiem hijrh mars will be celebrated for tke
. repose of his so«*:. commencing at 3:3? o'clock.
Interment private. Please omit Cowers.
SAGE— In Santa Clara, January 21." 1333, John
A . beloved son of Lewis A. and Cioelia M.
. Sage, a native of California, aged IS years
4 months and IS days.
TRACET— In this city. Januar-.53. ISSS, Ma-
mie, beloved "wife of Joseph . Tracey. . aad
mother of Hazel. Leslie. Myrtle and Graver
Tracey. a native of Ran Francisco.
THE CALIFORNIA SCHOOL OF MECHAXI-
caI Arts — Students and teachers of the C S.
M. A. are r»<jaeete.J to attend the. funeral, of
the late Mary Rosalie Girot to-morrow (Tues-
day), at » o'clock, from ' St. James Church,
corner Twenty-third and Guerrero streets.
GEORGE A- MERRILL. Principal.
WILLIAMS— In this city. January 22. IMS.
- Charles P.. youngest and beloved son of
Officer William H. and Eliza J. wmuan.
and brother of George H. and Mabel A. -Wil-
liams, a native of San Francisco, aged S
■ years 2 months and 1 day.
ET'Friea^'s and acquaintances are respect-
i fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Tuesday), at 19 o'clock, from the residence 1
of hi* parents, 297* Market street, thence
by electric funeral-car from Fourteenth and
Mission streets at 11 o'clock. Interment . Cy-
press Lawn Cemetery.
WI3EMAX— In Butt*. Mont.. January 17. ISS«.
Mrs. Less. Wiseman, a native of California,
».*red 35 years.
H. B. m'avot. xanager.
McrtvoY at c:o..
IH. M'AVOT. -VXD EM3ALjrXS3,
McAVOY «* CO..
FF>"EP.AL DIKETTORS .CSr> EM? '
1335 Market St. between *tb and Sta.
- ' Telgphot»g- gonth -■" ^^^_.
IMcAVOY & "GALLAGHER, I '
FCJTEKAL DiKKCTOBS *. EMBALSCEBS I
» TUTS. ST., Ob*. Ltacaia Ssseal ?:?; I
TelephoraeL Sooth .^-li__l_____*_
F. L. GUXTZ. H. W. , G AXTXER.
G ANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embalmers.
- 8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
! Telephone South 422. ' •
SELLS BCKIAL LOTS AND GSATE3. .
PEBPETCAL CABS. V
! LAUREL HILL
j CEMETERY ASSOCIATION, :
! Junction of Bus)) Street end CeQtral
■ Avenue. Sao prancisco. \,' - t
rMiTOTCTirrw ~^—jlt tnii i Ibih n i in ' • -
1112
HORRAH !HORRAH !
WE SOUND THE JUBILEE !
THE UNCONQUERED SEA,
Sack half a century, and what was here?
Naught but the Fund dunes and the sound-
Ing sea.
Brave men who came from far, by journey
drear
To found a commonwealth for you nnri me.
And now to skyward rises stately dome,
Fair mansions mark the one-time barren
shore;
Here happy thousands Joy to find a home:
Yet Bounds the sen. as in the days of yore
Each inptr-nt changed— unchanging evermore.
WITH the rising of the sun
this morning the celebration
r.f th» fiftieth anniversary
of the discovery of gold in
California will commence.
The beginning of the jubilee
WiU be heralded by the booming of
guns at the different forts that skirt
the shores of the bay at the entrance to
THE EVENTS OF JUBILEE WEEK
There have been great preparations for an interesting pro
gramme for the entire week. There will be something to interest
people of all tastes, the complete programme being as follows:
MONDAY.
Sunrise— ln honor of the great day of festivities there will
be a firing of the national salute at the military forts.
10:30 A. M.— One of the most interesting parades ever seen
in San Francisco or in the history of California.
j p m.— Reception to visiting firemen and collation at ,
Veteran Firemen's rooms, Pioneer building.
1 P. M.— Beginning of the grand concert at Woodward's
spacious pavilion.
2 P. M. -Literary exercises. Including some music, at
Woodward's Pavilion.
8 P. M.— A grand ball, with many special features, by Pa- |
cific Parlor, at Native Sons' Hall.
8 P. M.— A grand ball and banquet by the Pioneers, at
Pioneers' Hall.
8:30 P. M.— Fireworks, Twenty-first and Sanchez, Jones i
and Clay, Rincon Hill.
TUESDAY.
Afternoon and Evening-Reception and refreshments,
Native Daughters, Native Sons' Hall : dancing at night.
2 P. M.— Football, United States Army vs. National Guard.
Central Park.
WEDNESDAY.
2 p m.— Military and athletic contests. Army vs. National
Guard. Central Park. '
the Golden Gate. The salute will com- |
mence at Fort Point and the big
twelve-Inch gun? will boom out a wel
come of twenty-one guns. It will be j
followed In succession by the garrisons
at Fort Mason, Alcatraz and Angel Is- i
ARE YOU TO LIVE IN ALASKA?
Sonjc Requirements Tbat Will Be
pound Indispensable.
The universal article of diet In that
country, depended upon and indispensa
ble. Is bread or biscuit. And to make
the bread and biscuit, either in the
camp or upon the trail, yeast cannot be
used— it must be baking powder; and
the powder manufactured by. the pro
cesses of the Royal Baking Powder
Company, miners and prospectors have
learned, is the only one which will
'Btand in that peculiar climate of cold
and dampness and raise the bread and
biscuit satisfactorily.
These facts are very important for
every one proposing to go to Alaska
and the Yukon country to know, for
should he be persuaded by some out
fitter to take one of the cheap brands
of baking powder, it will cost Just as
much to transport it, and then when
he opens it for use, after all his labor
In packing it over the long and diffi
cult route, he will find a solid caked
mass or a lot of spoiled powder, with
no strength and useless. Such a mis
take might lead to the most serious re
sults. Alaska is no place in which to
experiment in food, or try to econo
mize with your stomach. For use in
such a climate, and under the trying
and fatiguing conditions of life and la
bor in that country, everything must
be the best and most useful, and above
all it is imperative thai all food sup
plies shail have perfect keeping quali
ties. It is absurd to convey over such
difficult and expensive routes an ar
ticle that will deteriorate in transit, or
that will be found when required for
use to have lost a great part of its
value.
There is no better guide to follow in
these matters tha.n the advice of those
who have gone through similar ex
perience. Mr. McQuesten, who is called
"the father of Alaska," after an ex
perience of years upon the trail, in the
camp, and in the use of every kind of
supply, says: "We find in Alaska that
the importance of a proper Kind of
baking powder cannot be overestimat
ed. A miner with a can of bad baking
powder is almost helpless in Alaska,
we have tried all sorts, and have been
obliged to settle down to use nothing
but the Royai. It is stronger and car
ries further at first, but above all
things it is the only powder that will
endure the severe climatic changes of
the arctic region."
It is for the same reasons that the
United States Qovernment, in its relief
expeditions, and Peary, the famous arc
tic traveler, have carried the Koyal
Baking Powder exclusively.
The Royal Baking Powder will not
cake nor lose its strength either on
board ship or in damp climates, and is
the most highly concentrated and effi
cient of leavening agents. Hence it Is
Indispensable to every Alaskan outfit.
It can be had of any of the trading
companies in Alaska, but should the
miner procure his supplies before leav
ing, he should resist every attempt of
the outfitter to palm off upon him any
of the other brands of baking powder,
for they will spoil and prove the cause
of great disappointment and trouble.
land. By the time that the last echo of ',
the palute dies away the fifteen divis
ions of the parade will be forming at
the foot of Market street for the great
parade. At 10:30 the great procession
will begin to move. The route will be j
up Market to Montgomery, then to
Montgomery avenue, to Kearny, to i
Market, to Van Ness avenue, to Jack- !
aon street, where the parade will turn
and countermarch past the reviewing j
stand at Golden Gate avenue and Van
Ness. There the procession will be dis
missed.
Yesterday the mining division of the
parade was assigned to a place more i
fitting to it in the procession. It was
arranged to put that division nearer |
the front. The Grand Marshal and his
aids had not been notified of an effort
THURSDAY.
1 P. M.— Open ins of the floral market, Union square : con
cert afternoon and evening.
2:30 P. M.— Wild West Show, Central Park.
BP. M.— Turnfest, Sati Francisco and Oakland Turn
Vereins, Woodward's Pavilion ; dancing; at 11.
FRIDAY.
2 P. M.— Military display and sham battle. Presidio.
2:30 P. M.— Wild West Show, Central Park.
8 P. M.— Concert. City Hall dome.
Day and Evening;— Floral market, Union square; con
certs.
SATURDAY.
10:30 A. M.— Children's competitive drill. Golden Oat<
Park, followed t>y lunch there.
2P. M.— Baseball, Army vs. National Guard, Velo
drome.
2:30 P. M.— Wild West Show, Central Park.
7 P. M.— Procession preceding opening; of Mining Fair.
S P. M.— W ild West Show, Central Park.
Day and Evening— Floral market. Union square; con
certs.
miners would make much of an effort
to fill the ranks of the procession and
they were not given a place as promi
nent as befitted them. Yesterday the
miners drew the attention of the Grand
Marshal to the mistake and it- was
promptly remedied. The miners will
now join in the parade immediately
behind the pioneers. The order of the
procession will now be as follows:
Platoon of police.
Grand marshal and aids.
Governor James H. Hudd and staff.
FIRST DIVISION.
Third Unt-- I -• : - Artillery; First Vnlted
States Infantry: battalion of light artillery:
squadron Fourth United States Cavalry: Bec
ond Brigade staff. N. O. c. : Third BrUade
staff. N. G. C; Fifth Infantry. N G. C. ; First
Infantry. X. G. C. ; battalion <.f University
Cadets; oadots of Mount Tamalpais Military
Academy: Naval Battalion, N. 6. C; Troop
A Cavalry, N. G. C. ; United States Llfe-sav
TROOPS OF THE
REGULAR ARMY
Everything Is in Readi
ness for the Parade in
Full-Dress Uniform.
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third
Artillery, to Command the
United States Forces.
Recent Order From Major-General
Miles Relating to Transportation
Over the Union Pacific.
The United States troops from the Pre
sidio, Angel Island. Fort Baker, Fort
Mason and Benicla baraoks will partici
pate in the Golden Jubilee parade. Colo
nel Marcus P. Miller. Third Artillery, will
command the United States forces. The
Third Artillery. consisting of the band
and six companies will be commanded by
Lieutenant-Colonel E. B. Wllliston. and
will have the right of the regular line. The
regiment will be formed in two battalions.
The first batallion will be commanriM l.y
Captain James O'Hara and the second by
Captain Sedgwick Pratt.
The First United States Infantry' of two
battalions and a band will be commanded
by Colonel Evan Miles, First Lieutenant
Everett E. Benjamin adjutant, and First
Lieutenant Leon S. lloudiez quarter
master. The first battalion will be com
manded by Lieutenant-Colonel William
H. Bisbee, Lieutenant Lincoln F. Kil
bourne adjutant. The second battalion
will be led by Captain L. O. Parker. Lieu
tenant Charles L. Urnt adjutant. The
first battalion will consist of Companies
E. Captain John J. O'Connell; F, Captain
Charles G. Starr; O, Captain Natt P.
Phlster; C, First Lieutenant Frank O.
Ferris.
The second battalion will consist of
Companies H. First Lieutenant George
A. Detchmendy; B, First Lieutenant
Charles B. Vopdeß; A. Captain Louis P.
Brant; C, Captain James 8. PetUL
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, MONDAY, JAXUABY 24, 1808.
in* Service; executive committee of Jubilee In
carriages: Mexican War Veterans in car
riages; Mayor and members of Board of Su
pervisors in carriages; Regents of State Uni
versity in carriages.
SECOND DIVISION.
Carriages containing officers of the day:
carriages containing officers of California Pio
neers Society; carriages containing compan
ion s of James \V. Marshall; early pioneers
In carriages: Junior members of California
Pioneers Society: California Miners' Associa
tion
THIRD DIVISION.
Exempt Firemen; Board of Fire Commission
ers in carriages; carriages containing disabled
Ex.mpt Firemen: modern flre apparatus; nre
patrol; Veteran Firemen.
FOVRTH DIVISION.
Native Sons of the Golden West; Native
Daughters of the Golden West.
FIFTH DIVISION.
Celtic societies.
SIXTH DIVISION.
German societies.
SKVKXTH DrVISION.
League of the Crops Canets.
EIGHTH DIVISION.
Public School children.
NINTH DIVISION.
Young Men's Institute.
TKNTH DIVISION.
Italian ■Odette*.
ELEVENTH DIVISION.
Board of Health of San Francisco: Veteran
Guard of California; Commercial Travelers'
As---..i!ation in carriages: Independent Order of
B'nai B'rith In carriages.
TWELFTH DIVISION.
Chinese warriors in costume: Chines* Native
Sons of th" c, .',i • sr.it-.
TIPRTEESTH DIVISION.
National Association of Stail"n;iry Knjri
neeru In two carriages drawn by traction en
gine; Foresters: Old Friends.
FOURTEENTH DIVISION.
Wild West show and cavalcade of cowboys;
old stage coaoh carrying Spanish fandango
dancers; old prairie p<~h<".rier.
FIFTEENTH DIVIBION.
Citizens on foot, in carriages and on horse
back.
The Calavcras County band, that will
lead the miners' division in the great
parade, arrived in the city last night
from Angels Camp. They were met at
the ferry depot by a committee from
the jubilee managers and escorted to
the Palace Hotel, where they enter
tained the guests of the house and
their friends for a short time, and then
they serenaded the different newspaper
offices. The members of the band are
uniformed in the customary garb of
the miner, consisting of red shirts
brown overalls, top boots and oilskin
hats, with miner's lamp attached.
The Jubilee parade committee re
quests that the Mayor, the Board of
Supervisors, the foreign Consuls and
the Regents of the State University
Wfll assemble at 9:30 oVlock this morn
ing at the reception-room on the office
floor of the Palace Hotel, in order to be
ready to enter the carriages assigned
to them.
The light artillery battalion of the Third
Artliiery will be commanded by Major
David H. Kinzfe. Battery C will be com
manded by Captain Joseph M. Calift. and
Battery F will be commanded by Captain
Ramsey D. Potts.
The squadron of the Fourth T*nlted
St:it<-s Cavalry will be commanded by
Lieu tenant-Colonel Louis T. Morris, Lifii
tenant-Colonel Thomas G. Carson adju
tant. Troop C will be commanded by
Captain George H. G. Gale; Troop K.
Captain Alexander Rodgers; Troop I,
Lieutenant Charles T. Boyd; Troop B.
Li'inenant John M. Neall.
First Lieutenant Morris K. Barroll
of the Third Artillery will serve as adju
tant to Colonel Miller, commanding officer
of the forces, and First Lieutenant
Charles G. Woodward will serve as quar
termaster.
Captains Kuclld B. Frlck, M<*rritte W.
Ireland and Paul F. Straub, assistant sur
geons, will report to Colonel Miller, and
be assigned to positions in column, one
in rear of the foot artillery, and one with
! an ambulance and the necessary hospital
attendant! in the rear of the column.
Battery A. Third Artillery, will be com
mand.-d »■>• First Lieutenant David J.
Rumhmigh; Battery G, by First Lieuten
ant Benjamin H. Randolph; Battery K.
Captain Pratt: Battery K. Captain
Charles W. Hobbs; Battery H, Captain
OHara; Battery D, Captain Charles
Humphreys; Battery I, Captain Henry
C. Danes.
Sp.''i;,l orders No. 7 from headquarters,
; department of California, direct that full
! dress uniform shall be worn on this pa
rade. If actually raining at the time Of
i marching, blouses, caps and overcoats
| will be worn. Paragraphs relating to the
j assembly and formation of the column are
I as follows:
On M,. n .lay, the 24th inst.. the steamer Gen
eral McDowell will leave Clay-street wharf at
7:30 a. m.. stop at Ak-atraz Island for Major
Klnzle, find thence proceed to the Presidio of
San Francisco, whore Major Klnzle will report
to the commomJliiK officer for the puipose of
commanding the light artillery battalion. The
stearmr will then proceed to Ansel Island, em
bark the foot batteries there, thence to Lime
Point for the battery at that post, thence o
the Prealdlo of San Francisco for the foot bat
teries thero stationed, thence to Fort Mason for
the battery at that point, and return tn th" city
in time to dUembark the whole at Clay-street
wharf a 10 a. m.
The Infantry, light artillery and cavalry, and
the foot artillery, after landing at Clay-street
wharf, will march to the point of rendezvous
at Battery and Market streets, in time for the
curamandlnK officere of he organizations named
to assemble their i-oramands in their proper
position* in coiumn and report to the com
manding officer of the forces at 10:15 a. m.
Tl,.> head of the column will rent at the
northeast corner of Battery and Market street*.
extending east on Market In readiness to
march up Market street, in the following or
der: Foot artillery, Infantry, light artillery
and cavalry.
The enlisted men as well as the officers
of the United Stats army manifest a keen
Interest in the parade. Every one hopes
for p. pleasant day.
Hereafter officers of the army Trill have
greater latitude of choice in the selection
of rail routes for Journeys across the con
tinent. Following Is an extract from an
order recently lsued by Major-General
Miles, commanding the army:
All existing instructions requiring the use or
In order to add an attractive feature
to children's day at Golden Gate Park,
It has been decided by the parade com
mittee that the historical floats to be
used In the jubilee parade will be
placed on exhibition at the park on
Saturday. Besides an inspection of the
floats, the children and the grown peo
ple will be treated to a band concert.
Owing to the severe illness of Gover
nor Budd Lieutenant-Governor Wil
liam T. Jeter will deliver "California's
Greeting" at the literary exercises at
Woodward's Pavilion this afternoon.
The present condition of the jubilee
fund is as follows:
Previously made public. $20,223 55: D. O.
Mills, $100; Ogden Mills. $100; Jfeald's Bus
iness College, $25; Sherwood & Sherwood.
$20; Sperry Flour Co.. $20; Union Gaa En
gine Co.. $20; Moore, Ferguson & Co., $10;
T. M. Costigan. $10; Will & Finck Co., $10:
Marchand's. $10; Silverman Bros., $10;
Herman Wald.-ek, $H'; Legallet, Hellwig
Tanning Co., $10; Getz Bros. & Co., CO;
Hooker Co., $10; W. B. Sumner & Co..
$10; smaller amounts, $135; total. $20,745 53.
All the schools in Professor Stahl's
division of the parade can procure their
banners this morning at Jefferson
street School.
Mayor Phelan has made arrange
ments to have the dome of the new
City Hall, which is the highest dome in
the United States connected with any
public building, open during Jubilee
week. A limited number of persons
will be admitted to the upper staircase,
and from there they can ascend by
two spiral stairways to the top. This
WiH afford them a magnificent view of
the city and surrounding country and
will be a feature of the Jubilee which
has been arranged for at the eleventh
h>>ur. The dome is 333 feet above the
street and exceeds in height that of the
dome of the Capitol at Washington.
At a meeting of the executive com
mittee held last night a motion was
unanimously carried to make S. C.
Irving a special guest of the executive
committee and to accord him the
privileges of a member of the com
mittee. This was due to the fact that
Mr. Irving was the originator of the
idea of the Golden Jubilee. One day
last October, when ask^d some ques
tions in geography by hi? son, he sud
denly discovered that the semi-cen
tennial of the discovery of gold would
soon arrive. The same night at a meet-
Ing of the lOners* Association he made
known his discovery. A committee of
three— W. C. Ralston Jr.. A. W. Scott
and S. C. Irving— was appointed to
confer with the Society of California
Pioneers in regard to a jubilee celebra
tion. The result of that conference will
be seen during the coming week.
At the Jubilee ball to be held at Na
tive Sons' Hall to-night a novel and
unique species of decoration will be
seen. From the center of the ballroom
will be suspended an arrangement pre
pared by P. Ifartoich, whns» sons are
Native Sons of the Golden West. This
piece of work consists of two cones,
one enveloped in th- other, compos. .1
of strings of silk twine knotted in the
form of a fish net. The strings are of
different colors, and are so knotted as
to form throughout the work the flags
of all the nations of the world. The
outside cone is snmo twenty feet In
depth and thirty-five feet in width and
from it are suspended fringes and
trimmings of bright colors. Three
years of work have been required by
the maker in <-ompletlng his design,
and on Monday night it will be ex
hibited for th- first timf.
During the evening of the reception
to be given by the Native Daughters
of the Golden West at Native Sons*
Hall on Tuesday, the following pro
gramme will be given in addition to
the dances: Address of welcome.
Grand President Mrs. Belle "W. Conrad;
cornet duet. Edmund Frlzell and Willie
Beach; contralto solo. Miss Llllle "Wil
son; vocal solo. Edward C Boysen.
Major Jose R Pico, one of the oldest
of Native Pons, cannot he present dur
ing the paraiie r»n account of sickness.
Major Jose R. Pico's father was TJeu
tenant-Ooverr.nr of California In 1849.
and his signnture Is attached to the
constitution r.f the State.
Preparations for the flower show,
which is to be held In a laree tent In
Union square, beginning on Thursday
next, are rapidly helner pushed. ar>.l
this part of the Jubilee celebration
the t'nlon Paclfi- between Omaha and O*d<>n
an a bond-alde.l railroad are hereby nrroked,
and all the same rt-g-ulatlons as apply to trans
portation over oth*r all-cash lines will here
after apply to transportation for the army over
the t'nlon Pacific lines as above referred to.
In deriding upnn the route for passengers
and freight hpr,-, l ft, ? r, officers Issuing transpor
tation wiil t;ik>- th- new conditions governing
the Vnlon Pacific Railroad into account In cal
culating CfiFt.
ILL TREATED CALVES.
Thomas Marshall and Puinto
Codono Arrested Yesterday
at Point Reyes.
Thomas Marshall and Puinto Condono,
who were found treating calves In a bru
tal manner at Point Reyes before butch
ering: them for market, were arrested
yesterday by J. W. Walton, assistant sec
retary of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals. M. McCurrie and
J. B. Mater, Constable of Mill Valley. For
the past week officers and members of
the Society for the Prevention of Cruelty
to Animals in Marln County have been
attempting to arrest the men. but as they
were too well-known In that part of the
country. the culprits escaped from their
Eight on each visit.
In consequence assistance was asked
from Secretary Holbrook. with the result
given. The men were taken to Justice
Gallochi, who allowed the men to leave
on BS ball, with a promise for them to
appear before Justice Bellrude next
Friday for trial. The arresting" parties
are sure of a conviction.
Stabb«d In a Row.
Vattnone Antonio, a gardener, living at
Ingleside, becaoM involved In a heated
discussion in the Lombard saloon, Powell
street and Montgomery avenue, with
Charles Carmalla last night, and the lat
ter <irew a pookot-knlfe and plunged it
Into his abdomen. The wounded man was
taken to thr> Harbor Receiving Hospital,
where it was found that the knife had
penetrated two and a half inches. Car
mala was arrested by Officer Joe Alvarez
and charged with assault with a deadly
weapon.
& Student Dead.
Edward Em!cn Painter, eldest son of the
late Emlon Painter, and grandson of Mr.
D. J. Staples, died In this city yesterday
afternoon at 3:30 o'clock. Mr. Painter was
an <arnest student at Stanford Univer
sity, expecting to graduate next term and
continue his studies In tho law college
at Harvard, but about five months ago he
contracted a heavy cold which developed
into quick consumption, when lie hurried
off to the southern part of this State and
Arizona, expecting that relief which
never came. He returned to this city last
Wednesday.
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome at.*
promises to be one of the most inter
esting of the week.
Miss Mary Bates has charge of deco
rating the outside and interior of the
tent and already it makes a handsome
appearance, bedecked with flags and
bunting. Electric lights will be in pro
fusion throughout the tent, so as to
show oft the flowers to the best ad-
vantage.
In the center a bandstand has been
erected and the music will be a pleas
ing feature of the show.
Superintendent McLaren of Golden
Gate Park will contribute some rare
flowers, as also will F. Luderman of
the Pacific Nursery. Mr. Hammond
has taken twenty feet of space and will
exhibit every variety of cacti. Frank
Pelicano will exhibit some choice hot
house plants and Mr. Abrahams of the
Western Nursery and Mr. Gagne will
also exhibit. The Woman's Exchange
will make a large exhibit. Mr. Rat
ton will show some fine violets. Mr.
Chaparri, the Misses McClelland and
Cypress Lawn will also be among those
to show their rarest plants. Mr. Per
beau will show a floral piece with
words "Golden Jubilee of 1898."
Oakland has always been proud of
NATIVE DAUGHTERS
WILL ENTERTAIN,
rbe Pioneers, tlie Veteran and the
Exempt Firemen to Be the
Guests of the Ladies.
Invitation to the Firemen.
Po the Veteran and Exempt Fire
men.
Revered and Honored Sirs: The
folden bells of memory arc ringing
L'iirk the olden chimes of the days
ivhen the "fire laddies," brave boys
is ever drew breath, ran with the
"old machine." Responsive echoes
ire awakened In the hearts of the
Native Daughters of the Goiden
s\>st. many of whom now tell their
-hildren the stories of the heroes
jf the days of old.
Wo would deem it an honor to
;ntertaln you as our special quests
it thp reception tendered by us on
the twenty-fifth of January, at the
Satlve Sons' Hall, in commemora
tion of the Golden Jubilee.
Native Daughters of the Golden
West Jubiloe Committee.
MRS. GENEVIEVE BAKER.
President.
MISS GEORGIE C. RYAX,
Secretary.
Invitation to the Pioneers.
To the Pioneers of California.
Revered and Honored Sirs: The
Native Daughters of the Golden
West request the honor of your
presence at the reception, tendered
by them on the twenty-fifth of Jan
uary, in Native Sons' Hall, in com
memoration of the Golden Jubilee,
wh< re your daughters and grand
daughters, handed in the glorious
Don'ls of fraternity eternally conse
crated to the memory of their pio
neer fathers and mothers who have
bequeathed to them the peerless in
heritance — their Western home, will
trreet you with filial love, obeying
the mandate divine: "Honor thy
father and thy mother that thy
days may be long in the land the
Lord thy God hath given thee."
Native Daughters of the Golden
West Jubilee Committee.
MRS. GENEVIEVE BAKER.
President.
MISS GEORGIE C. RYAN,
Secretary.
her flowers, and its finest exhibits ■will
be sent over. Mr. Seulberger, Mr. Vie
dershein, P. S. Keller and Miss Agnes
Baeke, of Oakland, will be among the
contributors.
The Presidio and Mr. Sutro have
offered cut flowers, and hundreds of
ladies in town have offered the rarest
Bowers In their conservatories.
Dr. Yates. the well-known botanist,
has taken charge of the wild flower ex
hibit, which will consist of flowers from
nearly every portion of the State.
BURNS' BIRTHDAY.
It Will Be Fittingly Observed To-
Morrow by St. Andrew's
Society.
The one hundred and thirty-ninth anni
versary of the birth of Robert Burns will
be celebrated by the Scottish residents of
this city by a grand entertainment to be
given to-morow night, under the auspices
of St. Andrew's Society, In Scottish-
American Hall, on Larkln street. On ac
count of the great interest that Is being
taken in the matter of the erection of a
monument in Golden Gate Park to the
memory of Burns, the committee having
charge of the entertainment has secured
the best talent obtainable to render the
songs and ballads of "Scotia's own in
spired bard" in an artistic and able
manner. There will be an overture of
Scotch selections by the Fuhrer family;
remarks by the chairman of the evening
vocal solo by John'C. Hughes; "Leezie
Lindsay.' Miss Grace Ewing; "Afton
Water. Frank Coffin; "Braw, Braw
Lads, Mrs. Ella Lark Klein; oration
John D. McGilvray; "Ye Banks and Braea
•>' Bonnie Doon," Mrs. Frederick X
Titus: recitation. "Get Ip and Bar the
Door," Mrs. M. R McKay; "Scots Wha
Ila'e." John C. Hughes: "My Love is
Like a Red, Red Ros.-." Miss Is. lla Van
Pelt; "O'er a' the Airts the Wind Can
Blaw." William O'Brien: and "Willie
Brewed a Peck o' Maut," a trio by Rob
ert Park. Robert Blair and George St
John Bremner. The programme will be
followed by dancing.
NEW TO-DAY.
\\U/ TheOff'Ci?;»
Hj||p~ Inspectors
//|\ x of Japan
critically examine every pound of
Japan Tea
offered for shipment. They \\/.
insist that all tea shipped *ro
must be pure and of high quality. uj»
A cup of Japan Tea "in- fly
vibrates in the morning «r
and refreshes at nigbt. ' \ ' w
All Rood H/'"\\i\
grocers
sell it. *Y"-»ifyfrM^2'
NEW TO-DAY.
FRENCH
DRESS
PATTERNS!
TWO
SPECIAL
BARGAINS!
NOVELTY FRENCH PIREOLASUIT-
INGS, Brqcatelle effects, all two-
tone colorings, in eleven different
combinations—
t|v4#so Pattern.
FANCY FRENCH CHEVIOTS, all
novelty weaves, goods measure
full 48 inches in width, in new
shades of Hunters, Leaf, Olive,
Marine, Sevres, Napoleon and
Marie Louise.
See exhibition of above goods in
our show windows.
TELEPHONE OR-A-NT 124.
111, 113. 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
.Do you like these special
sales?
They enable you to buy I
good goods cheaply not
cheap goods
SPECIAL SAVING SALE
MONDAY-TUESDAY-WEDNESDAY
Goldberg Bowen & Co.'s 3 bottles $2
0 X Bourbon Whiskey . gallon $3
regularly $1 a bottle and $4 a
gallon. This Is the popular \* :]"■':
seller. We have older and
younger, but none purer.
Lemons 15c
regularly 25c dozen
Californian Sicily — good ones 'of
course
Mushrooms 20c
F. Lecourt large tin, reg'ly 25c .
Charles large tin, reg'ly 20c tin 15c
recipes for cooking for them
Deviled ham (Underwood's) I
regularly 25c large tin 2OC
Puree de foie gras 20c
regularly 25c tin
For sandwiches — toothsome
Smyrna figs 15c
regularly 20c and 25c IT)
Keilier's marmalade 20c
regularly 25c jar (Dundee)
made from the bitter oranges
of Seville. Nothing like it else-
where
Laundry soap 8 cakes 25c
regularly 6 for 25c 100 cake box $3
Brandy 3 bottles $2
♦ regularly $1 and $4 gallon $3
Pure— medicinal (Californian)
Sardines (French) 3 tins 50c
regularly 25c
. recipes for serving — to buyers
Rhubarb 15c
regularly 25c tin gPJif
For good old fashioned rhu-
barb pie— ask for recipe
Raisins . ioc
regularly 15c carton 1 Ib
Gold ribbon brand — '
tvi«it DR. JORDAN'S <*«»•*
tf&a Museum of Anatomy
1 Psfl \ ICSI KABm st tet 6th * 7th, C. T. CaL
§ S The L»rge«t of Its kind in ttie World. *
|$fc*j>'\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
PontalMilaa rree. Tfrlta for Rook
v\ Philosophy of Marriage.
™ mailed r»irc
. GGOD TIMES HAVE: COME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper, and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
|eg fIEW YORK iH ThTRSEWV'
•world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly— a wider
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
end women of culture and refinement than any
journal— published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a a56-pag«a 5 6-pag«
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing tha
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by the
best writers of the day and a mass of short
stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
Subscription price, $2 per annum.
- Club price for both. $5 per annum.
ii T ou can have both of these if you subscribe
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, SO
cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected^
by numbers, to
TOWS TOPICS,
80S Firth Avenue, Sew York.
6-THE SALE OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. McLelUn
2-J»E COUSIN OF THE KING. " A S. VaTwestnnn.
MONTHS IN HADES. By Clarice I. Clin £ ham.
t-TMBMORTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
io-ANTHONv"kENT. By Charles Stokes Wayne.
"- AN - £SH?- S .t OF VIRTUE. By Champion Bissell.
I *~^,.Hi N^, EAKABLE SIREN. By John Gilliat.
I3 ~T I t AT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynna.
**— A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
15-\VHY? SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray.
16-A J. ERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. H. Bickford.
17— MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne.
•""SKI OF THE SULPHUR. By T. C De Leon. •
19-TH L WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
ao— THE HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita ViTand
Chart res.
" I R STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By Harold R. Vynna.
m-ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. John Gilliat.
•J-A. MARTYR TO LOVE. By Joanna E. Wood.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET,
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
""foundry AND FURNACE COKE.
I . have on hand a large quantity of San
Fmncisco Coke. superior to anthracite - for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made - from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver A-.y Amount From a Sack to a Shipload. \
CAR^ «AD ORDERS SOLICITED.
I when "unwell," for pains, obstructions,
[ and irie^u.iarities peculiar to the sex.
Recommended by the leading French
Specialists for diseases of women ; Supe-
rior to Tansy, Pennyroyal and injurious
drugs. One "bottle of Apioline Capsules
lasts three months Sold by all druggists,
or by mail, $1. Box 2081, N. Y. Post Office.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
noQ MARKET ST.. OPP. PAJL.ACB
000 Hotel. : Telephone 670. Resident;* Mi
Valencia street. Telephone, "Church 1 " U.