VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 131.
SIR KNIGHTS
OF CALIFORNIA
AT PITTSBURG
Received in Mtost
Royal Style.
ESCORTED TO THEIR HOTEL
PENNSYXVANIANS CHEER CAL
EORNIA'S DELEGATION.
One Sad Incident of the Templar Pil
grimage Is the Death of Past
Commander Starr of Balti
more Commandery.
Bp*ciaJ Dispatch to The Call.
PITTPBrRG. <k t. S. — California
Commar.viery No. 1, of ?an Francisco,
the first visiting delegation of the
Knights Templar to reach Piusburg
to attend the twenty-ptrwnth Tri
ennial Conclave. arrived at 11:05
o'clock this morning on th« i'
special train via the Pennsylvania
lir.es. There are 107 persons in the
party, includiriE; representatives >'f the
Golder. Gate, Oakland. Sacrament I
San Jose commanderies, and forty
three ladies. At Union station the Sir
fhts were met by A. J. Kd.vards,
W. 1. Mustiri and Jmsvl'li M
behalf of the r<<n.'kiv- j ■ com
mittee, and Eli Edmundson and Herman
Junker, representatives of I'ittsburg
Commandery No. 1.
The visitors were escorted to their i
headquarters at the Hotel Henry by
Pittsburg Commandery No. 1, with
twenty-five mounted men and seventy
five on foot In full uniform. The proces- j
sion was headed by the Allegheny
Knights Templar brnd with thirty- five
musicians. The line of march was
down Liberty avenue to Wood, to Fifth
avenue to the hotel. Thousands of
persons crowded the sidewalks and :
greeted the Knights with enthusiastic
cheers. "When the train pulled into the
depot the first man to alight was Very
Eminent Deputy Grand Master Reuben
H. Lloyd, lie said: "Of course I am
glad to get here. "We have had a long
trip, with few incidents or adventures
to relate. It is too soon to say what I
think about the conclave. So far as my
own personal observations are con- j
earned, I can say, though, that we have ;
tit>%r~?i p&t.'hJr>&. but- <--l>urg- for the 1
past few months and the splendid ar
rangement you are making for the tri
ennial gathering. I feel as much inter- j
ested in the city itself as in the con- j
clave, and we have come here prepared ■
for a pleasant visit and a great deal of
sightseeing."
When questioned concerning the
election of Grand Master, Mr. Lloyd
laughed and said that other candidates
would probably appear.
"Only the votes will tell," he said.
"In our elections we have no speeches,
no caucuses and no slates, and we can
not tell at this time who the lucky
Knight will be."
After they had visited their rooms
and changed clothing in the Hotel
Henry the members of California No. 1
went across Fifth avenue to the Car
negie building, where they established
headquarters in the large, well-lighted
storeroom.
For some days decorators have been
at work on the place, and by Monday
it will present an attractive appear
ance. The building is located between
Smithfield and Grant streets, opposite
St. Paul's Cathedral. The members of j
No. 1 will hold a grand reception
Thursday, from 10 a. in. to « p. m. After
8:30 o'clock Thursday evening they will
assist the Grand Commandery of Cali
fornia in receiving the new Grand Mas
ter, Reuben H. Lloyd, and the other
new officers of the Grand Encamp
ment. The large storeroom is well
adapted for the purpose. To guide the
weary pilgrims to the place a large
electric sign with the words "Califor
nia No. 1" will be placed over the door.
The headquarters is centrally located
and among the best in the city.
The Californlans made rapid time
across the continent. On all divisions
of the railroads used the best engineers
were placed on the fastest engines for
the accommodation of the special train,
and at the end of each division the en
gineer who had finished his work was
presented with a case of wine. With
th* party was Adjutant General Bar
rett of California, who is going to
Washington to collect from the Gov
ernment 5180,000 due California for the
equipment of her soldiers mustered
into the United States services some
months ago.
After the conclave the members of
Commandery No. 1 will make pilgrim
ages through various parts of the East.
Many of them are former residents of
New England, and that section of the
country will attract most of them.
Captain William R. Heckert, who hag
charge of the commandery drills at
Sehennly Park next Wednesday, an
nounces that there will be no competi
tive exhibition, the late war with
Spain having called many Knights Into
the volunteer service. This fact cornea
as a great disappointment, to the
Knights, as the competitive drills have
always been a feature of every con
clave.
The programme for the Schennly
Park exhibition next Wednesday will
b*' as follows: Drill by bicycle corps;
Swift's brigade of Allegheny; Detroit,
No. 1; St. Bernard. No. 35; Chicago;
Louisville, No. 1; Handieman, No. 12;
Cincinnati; Damascus, No. 16, Detroit.
Two other drill corps may take part.
Three drill instructors from West
Point will act as judges. To each com
mandery will be presented handsome
badges. The commanders are the
most fxp^rt of the order. St. Bernard
of Chicago has captured prize after
prizf in drills all over the country and
has the reputation of being the most
perfr-ftly handled body of Knights In
the United States.
Boomers for Louisville as the meet
ing place of the twenty-eighth con
clave arc- perfecting plans for a viK^r
ous Pittshure- campaign. Two large
rooms In the City Hall will be devoted
to the use of the Bourbon State Knights
as "boom headquarters." The Grand
Commandery of Kentucky will have
the support of De Molay and Louisville
commanderies jointly and the assist
ance of othor representatives from all
parts of the State.
Los Angeles Commandery No. 9 is
scheduled to arrive at 9 o'clock to-mor
row moraine.
The San Francisco Call
WILL MOVE ITS
TERMINALS FROM
NEW ORLEANS
Southern Pacific to
Make a Transfer.
STEAMERS TO SABINE PASS
BUSINESS INTERESTS STIRBED
UP AT THE CRESCENT CITY.
Quarantine Regulations Owing to
Yellow Fever Given as the
Reason for the RaiU
road's Action.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct B.— A New Orleans
the Herald says: New Or
mmercial interests are thor
oughly stirred up over the move of the
hern Pacific in transferring its
New York steamships from this
- ibine Pass, Tex., owing to the
Ing quarantine regulations result
ing from the jtllow fever scare.
It means tht. practical abandonment
of the immense terminals of the Mor
gan Company at Algiers, just across
the Mississippi.
The long wharves and train sheds of
the Southern Pacific to-day presented
the scene ot a deserted village. As
sistant General Manager Thornwell
Fay assures the shipping men of this
city that the move is only temporary,
and that it is the result of the Texas
health authorities refusing to allow any
more freight loaded from New York
steamers on cars at Algiers from pass
ing through the State of Texas.
But for all these assurances the sit
uation is regarded as a very significant
thing in the commercial relations of
this city and of Galveston. Already the
Koutze syndicate at Sabine Pass, which
is a N'" - .v York concern, and which
practically owns everything in and ad
jacent to Sabine Pass, has made great
capital over the movement. They are
proclaiming that Sabine Pass, Texas,
is now destined to become one of the
most important shipping ports on the
Gulf of Mexico.
ASSUMING VERY
GRAVE PROPORTIONS
MEMPHIS, Oct. B.— The yellow fever
situation throughout the State of Mis
souri is assuming grave proportions.
The infection may be said to be gen
eral, as there in no section that lias a t
been visited.
Three interstate railroads have prac
tically suspended business and several
short lines are on the verge of a tem
porary shut-du\vn, due to the lack of
trade. Twenty thousand or more peo
ple have hurriedly left the State and are
refugees in Northern cities, eagerly
awaiting the approach of cold weather.
The disease continues to increase
steadily in Jackson, the State capital.
Since September 27 there have been
forty-four cases there, twenty-four of
the patients being negroes. Only five
deaths have been reportfnl since the be
ginning. The weather for the past
thlrty-=ix hours has been considerably
cooler throughout the State.
RAPID SPREAD OF
THE YELLOW FEVER
JACKSON, Miss., Oct. B.— ln Jackson
the area of Infection is increasing.
There is now one case within 100 yards
:of the State Capitol. The State Board
: of Health to-day issued an appeal for
; aid from the general Government, the
Governor telephoning his approval
'■ from Brandon, where he is transacting
public business.
ST. LOUIS, Oct. B.— The faculty and
students of the Mississipi Agricul
tural and Mechanical College, located
at Starkville. have arrived in St. Louis.
They are yellow fever refugees, and will
I remain in this city until frost stops the
I ravages of the fever. The president of
' the collecre is General Stephen Lee. a
cousin of General Fitzhugh Lee. No ef
fort will be made to carry on the school
in St. Louis, at least for the present.
SELMA, Ala., Oct. B.— The board of
censors of the committee on public
health of Dallas County has established
j a quarantine against the States of
Mississippi and Louisiana.
EVACUATION WILL
BEGIN AT ONCE
Special cable to The Call and the Npw York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS&S, by James Gor
d Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct. B.— General Clous and
Colonel Hart called on Colonel Girauta
to-day to ascertain the boundaries of
Manzanillo, which will be formally
evacuated on Monday, leaving Ameri
cans in possession of the whole eastern
end of the island with the exception of
Hoiguin.
Colonel Girauta told General Clous
that General Parada had received cable
dispatches from Madrid stating that
the demands of the Americans for evac
uation by December 1 cannot be com
plied with. It is now believed that the
matter will be settled by an agreement
for the evacuation "on December 1, or
as soon thereafter as possible," leaving
an opportunity for elasticity.
I am not able to give the ex
act language of the communication
sent to the Spanish commission yester
day Each paragraph began, "We in
sist," and to this phrase exception was
taken. _ ' ,-
After insisting upon December 1 as
the final date for evacuation the com
munication continued: "We insist, too,
that the evacuation shall be more than
a military measure. It must be com
plete and mean the relinquishment of
Spanish sovereignty over Cuba, regard
less of the date of peace as arranged
by the Paris Commission. We insist
that while Spanish soldiers may carry
their arms and all movable property
belonging to the army all immovable
property shall remain, i The immovable
property shall mean all movable prop
erty having to do with that which is
immovable." "&>. • .
The Monserrat is expected to arrive
here from Spain to-morrow and will
immediately take on board many offi
cers and soldiers, and will then proceed
to Gibara, where she will ; take on a
full load of soldiers and proceed at once
to the peninsula. This will make the
beginning for the evacuation of West
ern Cuba,
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
WIT TO FIGHT
THE SOLDIERS,
NOT CITIZENS
Pillagers Yet Causing
Uneasiness.
CLAIM THEY DEFEATED BACON
BIG FORCE OF REGULARS IS
PLACED NEAR LEECH LAKE.
Owing to the Vigorous Stand o* Min
nesota's Governor Settlers Will
Be Given Ample Pro
tection.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. PAUL. Minn., Oct. B.— Nearly 200
additional troops will be scattered
about the scene of the disturbance near
Leech Lake within a few hours. Two
batteries of National Guardsmen were
pent up to-day by the Governor for the
protection of Cass Lake settlers.
At midnight a special train with
ninety additional regulars from the
Third Regiment at Fort Snelling
started for the north. They will be
there by morning and will be placed by
General Bacon where they can best pro
tect the country- This will make 400
regulars in and about Walker and
Leech Lake.
Reports from the scene of the trouble
to-night indicate considerable uncer
tainty. The dancing in Bear Island is
kept up and it is looked on as one of
the principal causes for apprehension.
Many Indians have been seen going
from other parts of the reservation
toward that island. Whether they will
join with the comparatively small
number of the Bear Island Indians is
not known.
The Bear Islanders are claiming a
victory over the soldiers and this may
bring recruits. Some of them un
doubtedly are going peacefully to the
agency, as ordered to, for they are ac
companied by their families, which
would not be the case were their In
tentions hostile. However, a small
number of Indians could do much dam
age before being captured or killed, for
the swamps and lakes are so numerous
and the general conditions such that
soldiers unacquainted with their sur
roundings would be unable to cope with
the savages.
An Indian is authority for the state
ment that their loss in the fight of
Wednesday was six killed and two mor
tally wounded. This same Indian says
they want to fight the soldiers, but not
the citizens.
GOVERNOR CLOUGH ANGRY.
MINNEAPOLIS, Oct. B.— The Govern
ment has notified Governor dough that
It has revoked the order putting the com- j
panics of the Fourteenth Minnesota Vol- I
unteers at Duluth and at St. Paul un
der his orders. He had all preparations
made to send the Duluth companies to
the front at once and protect the settlers,
and was arranging to mobilize the re
maining companies at St. Paul. He sup
poses the revocation is due to General
Bacon's message saying that the troublt
was over and that there was no mort
danger. He added:
"I shall pay no more attention to the
War Department. If necensary, I will ,
issue a call for volunteers, arm them with
such guns as I can pick up and let the
Government go to the -devil. I am tired
of doing business with Washington.
The^l is too much red tape about It. Or
ders are issued one minute and revoked
the next. I am not an alarmist, but it
is the safe thing to be prepared. It will
reassure the settlers and perhaps prevent
an outbreak."
The Governor has received a message
from Mayor John H. Nvers of 13rainerd,
saying:
"I have just returned from Walker. In
dians are concentrating at Leech Lake
In large numbers. Think they held a
council last night. Situation looks
grave."
W. F. Street wires the Governor from
Bemidji, west of Cass Lake:
"While I do not regard the situation
here as alarming, our people are much
disturbed. If you cou.d send the author
ities 200 stands of arms they would be
SCENES IN MANILA.
gratefully received. The Red Lake In
dians are seported Irritable."
'Ph.- following telegram was sent by
Governor Clough to-day:
"H. C. Corbin. adiutant general: No
one claims that reinforcements were
needed at Walker. 1 have not been asked
fur assistance from that quarter, though
I do not think that General Bacon has
won the victory he claims. The people
generally say so. The Indians claim that
they have won, and that is my opinion.
The people all along the Rosston branch
of the Great Northern Railroad are very
much alarmed ami are asking f'<r the pro
tection a.^ked of the War Department.
The soldiers are here and are willing and
ready to go. but as you have revoke <1
your" order of yesterday, you can do what
yi>u like with your soldiers. The State of
Minnesota will try and pet along with
out any assistance from the department
in the future.
"A. CLOUGH, Governor."
"WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— Upon re
ceipt of -Governor Clough's message
General Corbin visited the White
House and showed it to the President.
An order was sent to General Bacon,
directing him to confer with Governor
Clough and to station troops along the
line of the railroad, In the vicinity of
the recent troubles, in such number as
will prevent any danger to the people
and to allay their alarm. Commis
sioner of Indian Affairs Jones left to-
lay for the scene of the Indian trou
ble in Minn/rota. He will have a per
sonal talk.i£>Jh the disaffected men ana
endeavor tc/ induce them to, disperse
quickly and submit to the regular pro
cess of law. ; _ . "f*~ '■■:.''
. — • . "■. . .
OFFICIALS OPTIMISTIC.
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— The Inte
rior Department officials toojc an opti
mistic view of the Indian situation in
Minnesota to-day and Secretary Bliss
and others asserted their confidence
that the uprising is practically over. No
dispatches have reached the depart
ment since last evening, but the feel
ing of assurance is based on the devel
opments as reported in the published
official dispatches to the War Depart
ment and the press dispatches from the
scene of the trouble. The private dis
patch that reached Commissioner of
Indian Affairs Jones last night, indi
cating that the Indians on the warpath
hardly numbered more than twenty
five or thirty, is considered authentic.
INDIANS NOT YET WHIPPED.
ST. PAUL, Oct. B.— A Walker, Minn.,
special to the Dispatch says: General
Bacon has placed sixty men of Com
pany No. 1 for guard duty in town.
Bacon says that while the Indians re
treated to Bear Island after the fight,
he is not at all satisfied that they have
had enough. In case of a general upris
ing he will inaugurate a winter cam
paign against them. He says that it
COLONEL T. J. SHEEHAN, UNITED STATES MARSHAL, WHO WAS WOUNDED IN THE
PILLAGER BATTLE.
SOUTH SEA
MASSACRE.
German Sea Captain Cut
to Pieces by Natives
at Buka.
VANCOUVER. B. C, Oct. B.—
The Warimoo arrived to-day
from New South Wales and New
Zealand. She brings news of a
South Sea massacre. The Sea
Ghost, a sixteen-ton cutter in
charge of Captain Kolshorn, and
a crew of six natives, was at
tacked by natives of the German
Solomon Islands at Buka.
Captain Kolshorn was mor
tally wounded and four of the
crew were cut to pieces with
hatchets and spears. The re
maining two escaped. After the
vessel had been looted the cap
tain's body was. thrown over
board and the remains of the four
natives were taken to the vil
lage for a cannibalistic feast.
The German Government will
send a punitive expedition to the
island.
may take a thousand men to finally
subdue the savages. He believes that
the Indians would not put up much of
a fight during the cold weather, and
that they could be then subdued or cap
tured.
PRAISE FOB THE SOLDIERS.
WALKER, Minn., Oct. B.— General Ba
con speaks in the highest terms of praise
of the conduct of his men in their fight
with the Bear Island Indians.
"No soldiers ever put up a gamer fight,"
he said, "and, considering that four-fifths
Of the men were recruits, their showing
was one of which every American soldier
may feel proud. The new men were en
tirely unfamiliar with the Krag-Jorgen
sens. ami when we were attacked it de
veloped that many of them actually did
not know how to load their pieces. But
they fought like veterans."
Of the entire company but twelve or fif
teen were old soldiers. The men are as
full of praise for their officers as the offi
cers are for the men.
DEFIES BLANCO
TO FIRE ON THE
AMERICAN FLAG
Captain Eaton Calls
Down Dons.
MADE TO RELEASE ALFREDO
OFFICIALS HELD THE YACHT
ON A TRUMPED-UP CHARGE.
But When the Commander of the
Resolute Threatened to Take the
in Tow Clear
ance Was Granted
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett. __ _____
HAVANA (via Key West), Oct. B.—
The Spanish censor has received in
structions from General Blanco to be
exceedingly strict during the crisis
brought suddenly about by the unex
pected show of determination by the
American Government in the demand
for the immediate evacuation of Cuba,
All dispatches were vigorously cen
sored last night and one intended for
the Herald and The Call was stricken
out completely. An appeal was taken,
but the censor was upheld in refusing
to allow anything to be said about an
incident which ended when Captain
Eaton of the Resolute defied General
Blanco and Admiral Montero to fire
upon the American flag. The matter is
now several days old, but was only
heard of when the Resolute returned
yesterday. The trouble all arose over
the steam yacht Alfredo, which brought
Benjamin F. Guerra, treasurer of the
Cuban Junta, from New York to Ha
vana. The Alfredo is alleged to have
been engaged in several filibustering
expeditions previous to the declaration
of war and is one of those vessels hate
ful in the sight of all loyal Spaniards.
For this reason the Alfredo had no
sooner poked its nose between Morro
and La Punta before it was boarded by
officials, who proceeded to find grounds
for detaining the vessel and assessing a
fine of $50.
The Alfredo had been detained nine
days when it was learned that she was
being held on a charge of having en
tered the harbor with improper papers.
An appeal was made to Captain Eaton,
who was advised by Admiral Sampson
that, being in command of the only
American war vessel In port, he had
much the same power as a Consul,
whereupon Captain Eaton wrote to
General Blanco, complaining of the
illegal detention of the Alfredo.
General Blanco referred the matter to
Senor Montero, secretary-treasurer of
the Autonomist Cabinet, upon whom
Captain Eaton called. Senor Montero,
with many shrugs, said he was sorry
to cause so much trouble, but the Al
fredo had offended the laws of Spain
and would have to suffer. Captain
Eaton promptly replied that the Alfredo
was a private yacht, her papers were
correct and her detention an outrage.
Moreover, he declared, unless clearance
papers were -ranted at once he would
go immediately aboard the Resolute,
which would tow the Alfredo out of the
harbor. If Morro cared to fire on the
American flag General Blanco would be
held responsible.
Senor Montero asked for time for
consideration, which was not granted.
He then said he would send clearance
papers. Captain Eaton stood firm, say
ing he must either have a remission of
the fine and clearance papers at once
or the Resolute would take the Alfredo
in tow.
Senor Montero ordered clearance
papers drawn and the incident ended
without burning powder.
THERE IS MUCH FEVER
IN HAVANA HARBOR
One Great Reason Why American.
Warships Should Not Be Sent
There at Present.
Special cable to The Call and the Xew Tork
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
HAVANA, Oct. B.— The Scorpion ar
rived at noon. Lieutenant Commander
Turner went at once to report to Ad
miral Sampson, but was unable to do so
on account of the latter's illness. Ad
miral Sampson was better to-day, but is
still unable to see any one.
On the French gunboat Fulton in this
harbor are sixteen light cases of yellow
fever. There have been two deaths. The
city is growing- healthier every day. but
there is much fever in the harbor, which
is one of the great reasons why Ameri
can warships should not be sent at this
time.
CONSTRUCTOR HOBSON'S WORK.
Will Make Another Examination of
the Vizcaya.
Special cable to The Call and the Xew York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gor
don Rennett.
CAIMANERA," Cuba. Oct. B.— Naval
Constructor Hobson, accompanied by sev
eral divers, left last night to make an
other examination of the Spanish cruiser
Vizcaya. It is rumored that efforts to
raise the vesel will be abandoned be
cause her bow plates are destroyed. Sev
eral more carpenters and additional lum
ber have been taken to the camp near
the wreck of the Cristobal Colon. Mean
while work on the cruiser Infanta Maria
Teresa is being rapidly pushed ahead.
CHARGED WITH MURDER.
WALKER. Mirin., Oct. S.— At the In
dian council held at the reservation a de
mand was made by the Government,
through Indian Agent Sutherland, that
the men concerned in the killing of sol
diers near Bear Island be given up to
answrr the charge of murder.
Marshal O'Connor and 250 troops com
manded by General Bacon will move to
the agency on the reservation at 10
o'clock this morning. Boats were char
tered last evening and another effort will
be made to apprehend the twenty Indians,
for whom the Marshal has bench war
rants.
Death of Princess Maria.
BERLIN, Oct. B.— Princess Maria, the
wife of Prince Albrecht of Prussia, the
regent of Brunswick, died this afternoon
at Kamanz Castle. She was Duchess of
Saxony, and a daughter of Duke Ernst
of Saxe-Altenburg. She waa born August
2, 1854, and was married to Prince Al
brecht at Berlin on April 19, 1873.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
REPUBLICANS
WILL HAVE THE
NEXT CONGRESS
Leaders in Conference
in New York.
DID SOME CLOSE FIGURING
MAJORITY IN SENATE WILLJ
BE FROM SIX TO TEN.
The Sound Money Issue Expected to
Counteract the Customary
Apathy in Off Year
Elections.
NEW YORK, Oct. B.— There was an
important conference of Republican
national leaders in this city to-day in
regard to the election of the next
United States Senate and House of
Representatives. Some close figuring
was done, and it was the opinion of
those who participated in the meeting
that they could insure the continuance
of Republican control in the National
; Legislature.
Senator Mark A. Hanna, chair
man of the Republican National
Committee; Representative J. W.
Babcock of Wisconsin, chair
man of the Republican Congres
sional Committee; Representative J.
jA. T. Hull of lowa, secretary of the
I committee; General Charles H. Gros
j venor of lowa, political statistician of
i the administration; Vice- President
! Hobart, and Senator John M. Thurston
jof Nebraska took part in the con
j ference.
From the figures set forth by the Re
j publican manners it is deducted that
the next United States Senate will bo
Republican by from six to ten votes;
i that the next House of Representatives
will have a working majority, hut not
j so large a majority as the present ona
of fifty-one votes, and that New York
is a doubtful State so far as the Legis
lature, which will elect a successor of
Senator Murphy, is concerned.
"Speaking generally," said Chairman
I Babcock, "the situation from our
I standpoint is much more satisfactory
than it was a few weeks ago. We ex
pect to elect enough Republican Repre
sentatives to give us a good working
majority in the House. We figure on
i losing. go.m£_ of th* present majority . ?
I flity-one. Our losses will be in the
! Eastern, Middle and so-called border
' States, and will result mainly from
local causes. We do not anticipate any
loss but instead are figuring on gains
on national issues. The Democratic at
tempt to make capital out of the criti
| cism of the conduct of the war will be
| futile.
"On the sound money issue we will
gain. The trouble in off year elections
when times are good has always been
that the people are apathetic, and the
party in power has suffered. This year
we believe that the importance which
the people see in the maintenance of
sound money will remove this apathy."
RAN INTO THE REAR
OF A PASSENGER TRAIN
Serious Railroad Smash-TJp at Omaha
Owing to the Inability of an
Engineer to Stop.
OMAHA, Oct. 8. — A "double-headed"
Fremont, Elkhorn and Missouri Valley
freight train ran into the rear end of an
Omaha passenger train in the yards,
three blocks north of Locust street, at 10
o'clock this morning. The last car on
the passenger train was the dining car
"Delmonico," and it was split almost
in two lengthwise.
Harry Jones, a waiter, residing in Chi
cago, was killed. Otto Homedale, con
ductor of the dining car. was scalded
and injured about the body and will
die. He lives at Boone. lowa.
The seriously injured follow: J. TVes
terheld, Omaha, internally injured; A. W.
Brandt, engineer freight engine, inter
nally hurt; Mike Smith, engineer freight
engine No. 67, internally injured: Frank
Speck, fireman engine No. 200, cut about
face and body and probably internally
injured; — Madden, fireman of freight
engine No. 07. hurt about head and
shoulders; D. F. Danner. Pullman car
porter, hurt by falling glass: Otto Par
sons, waiter in dining car. crushed and
scalded and will probably die. His home
is in Omaha.
The following waiters and cooks in the
dining car were more or less injured
about the hands and face by flying glass
and splinters: T. C. Madray, Chicago;
Fred Leonard, Chicago; Henry Jones.
Chicago: Thomas Robinson, Chicago.
The accident was due to the inability of
the engineer. Mike Smith, of the head
engine No. 67 of the freight, to stop his
train.
RUSSIAN COSSACKS
A PERMANENT ESCORT
China Protests Against the Extraor
dinary Precautions Taken by
the Czar.
LONDON. Oct. B.— The Peking corre
spondent of the Times says: There is
pood reason to fear that the Russian.
Cossacks, who have arrived here to pro
tect the Russian legation, will be retain
ed as a permanent escort.
Chen Rao Chen, Governor of tha
Province of' Hunan, who is the most en
lightened Governor In China, and has
been active in introducing foreign im
provements, has just been cashiered.
PEKING Oct. B.— The Chinese Foreign
Office has protested against the excessive
Russian escort, pointing out that it is
twice the strength of the detachments
of the other powers.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— A cable message,
dated Peking. October 7, to Thurlow
Weed Barnes in New York, sent by H. H.
Lowry president of the American Lnl
verslty in China, denies the truth of all
the recent stories as to the suicide or as
sassination of the Emperor.
"No one has been killed in Peking ex
cept six natives, who were beheaded for
attacking Europeans. The Emperor has
been deposed. The Empress Dowager
reigns."
SCANDALS AT DAWSON.
Yukon Administrator Ogilvie to
Make an Investigation.
OTTAWA, Ontario, Oct. B.— William
Osdlvle Yukon Administrator, has been,
appointed by the Canadian Government
to inquire fnto and report upon tha
alleged scandals among Government offi
cials at Dawson. The Gold Commis
sioner- Mr. Fawcett. bas been removed.2
NEW NAMES ADDED TO
THE MANILA DEATH ROLL
<=Declal cable to The Call arid the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James
* Gordon Bennett.
MANILA, Oct. B.— A new hospital has been provided on the sea
shore at Malate for the use of convalescents. New cases are now
coming in at the rate of sixteen daily. An average of eleven are dis
charged as cured from the division hospital daily.
The death report is as follows:
Tenth Pennsylvania— Charles Hennessey, from typhoid fever.
First Colorado— Ellis Schuman, from typhoid fever.
Astor Battery— Daniel Prybil, acute dysentery.
Thirteenth Minnesota— Louis Bailey and Marion Moulton, dysen
tery; Jes&e Stegner and William Ball, typhoid fever.
PATIENTS WERE
RATHER CROWDED
Major Giffin Admits
Some of the Abuses.
CONDITIONS AT CAMP THOIfIAS
SICK SOLDIERS WERiL CRAMPED
IN THE TENTS.
The War Investigating Commission
"will Soon Start on the Hound
of Personal In
spection.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— The War
Investigating Commission examined
two witnesses to-day. They were Dr.
Giffin, who was in charge of the Stern
berg Hospital at Camp Thomas, Chick
amauga Park, Ga., and Captain .Bald
ridge, a brigade commissary of subsis
tence at Camp Cuba Libre, at Jackson
ville.
The commission has practically de
cided to stan on the night of the 16th on
its round of the., various camps. It
will go either to Camp Meade or to
Jacksonville first. Ail#t.he camps will
.be* visited in succession.^but the under
standing is that the ' trip to Camp
Wikon! will not be made until some
time in November. Next week will be
given largely to the inspection of offi
.. cial reports and to other statements
that have been furnished in answer to
■ letters. ■' •
Major R." Emmet Giffin ..told of his i
visit to the Second Division Hospital in i
July last, when he said it was over
crowded. In each tent and under its ;
Hies there were eight or nine men when ■
there snould have been but four to six. :
There was a sufficiency of physicians j
and Major Giffin was sure they were )
competent men. The majority of pa- j
tients suffered from typhoid fever and |
venereal diseases, about 20 per cent be
ing of the latter class. He thought the j
crowding of the hospital was from lack i
of sufficient tentage, a fault due to the
Burgeon in charge.
Dr. Giffin has no complaint of neg
lect to make against any of the offi
cials of the War Department, and he j
had heard of only one complaint. There
were no matches for twenty-four hours. ;
He thought that the contract surgeons
should have been examined before they
•were appointed. They were not so ex- j
amined to his knowledge. The doctor
"expressed the opinion that the com
. plaints of starvation had arisen from
the fact that it was "necessary to put
- convalescents from typhoid fever on a
sparse diet. He thought many deaths
had been caused by overfeeding after
convalescents returned to their homes.
Orders were given to his knowledge
for prompt measures looking to the sup
pression of the fever when it broke out,
but the orders had not been obeyed. j
.He knew of more cases in which the
sinks were to the last within twenty
feet of the kitchens, and in the cases
of the Fourteenth Minnesota and Ninth
Pennsylvania regiments the sinks were
crowded near the kitchens when- there j
■was a quarter of a mile of .open field j
back of them. He thought that it had i
been a mistake to locate so,many men
together as were at Camp Thomas.
Requisitions had been honored prompt
, ly. ■•-- -Xr
Captain James C. Baldridge, commis
sary of subsistence for the First Brig
ade of the Second Division of the Sev
enth Army Corps, now at Camp Cuba
'Libre, Jacksonville, occupied the com
s .mission during the afternoon. He
reached the camp on August 2 and
made an immediate inspection of the
kitchens. He found some of them not
'•well managed, as all of. the army cooks
were not experts. He believed that for
an army in camp green coffee was pref
erable to the roasted, as it was stronger
and fresher. The meat he considered
good.
The men were liberally supplied with
food and the location of the camp was
.good. Still there had been an increase
of disease, which he attributed to the
■ climate and to the assembling of a
large body of men. He also thought
decaying fruit and the canteen beer
had had an influence in producing dis
ease. Much of his testimony related
to complaints from the Second New
Jersey Regiment. He said there had
been many complaints from this regi
ment, and investigation had shown the
trouble was due to the fact that the
officers were without experience.
WEYLER WORKING
ON A NEW SCHEME
MADRID, Oct. B.— General Weyler,
whose recent arrival here from the
&alea'riO Islands , causes considerable un
tasiness in circles friendly to the dynasty,
is believed to have at last made nls
choice between the Carlluts and Republi
it,il to have cast his lot with the
latter. It is learned from sources that
have hitherto proved trustworthy that
■ r is zealously working with a newly
formed commission whose sphere of ac
tivity 1b Portugal as well as Spain, and
whose aim is to proclaim, after the sig
nature of peace, an Ifiorla.ii republic,
uniting the whole peninsula, with Weyler
as President.
'ADVERTISEMENTS.
I Have
No Stomach
Said a jolly man of 40, of almost alder-
manic rotundity, "since taking Hood's
Sarsaparilla." What he meant was
that this "grand digestive tonic had so |
completely cured all distress and. dis- |
agreeable dyspeptic symptoms that he
lived,. ate and slept in comfort. You
may. be put into ; this delightful condi- i
tion if you will take \ .• '
Hood's - Sarsaparilla
Amarioa'e Greatest Medicine.
DEPEW TALKS IN
PROPHETIC VEIN
Paints a Word-Picture
of the Future.
AT THE OMAHA EXPOSITION
UNITED STATES AND GREAT
BRITAIN WILL RULE.
Conflicts Between Labor and Capital
Are to Be Things Only
of a Barbarian
Past.
OMAHA, Oct. B.— lf New York had
had a day made to order it would not
have secured more delightful weather
for its celebration at the exposition.
There was a large crowd in attendance,
with a fine delegation of the Empire
State's representative, citizens, includ
ing Chauncey M. Depew, chairman of
the State committee, and other prom
inent citizens. Senator Warner Miller
presided at the formal exercises at the
Auditorium, at which Mr. Depew was
the principal orator.
Mr. Depew spoke of the far-reaching
benefits the nation received from the
World's Fair, and said:
This exposition at Omaha is to vastly
enhance the interests of the country by
! bringing nearer and in better understand
ing of each other the different sections of
our own country.
i New York has been too content with
i being the Empire State and with having
its chief city the metropolis of the con
! tinent; the West too eager for an empire
I independent of the East; the South living
I too much upon its traditions and in its
l-ast; and the Pacific Slope resting too
i severely upon its boundless possibilities
and great expectations. The war with
Spain has superbly restored the senti
ment of nationality and eliminated sec
tional jealousies. But this exposition is
a healthy educator for commercial union.
The concentrated capital of the East is
the fruit of 300 years of settlement and
trade. It is needed In the West for rail-
I roads, irrigation, mines, water power,
i furnaces and mills. But capital is both
] selfish and Intelligent. It never deserts
i a territory because the investment has
| failed through bad judgment. It seeks
other sources for profitable employment,
and finds its remuneration in other and
needed work for the development of the
country. The honest investor believes in
legislation which extends the supervision
of the Government over the corporation
and the trust. He knows mat his safety,
as well as the public Interests, require
protection. It is only when a community
foolishly thinks that by having confiscated
to-day non-resident permanent invest
ment it has gained without effort the
capital for its future that the investor
withdraws and stays away. Money Is both
timid and modest. It seeks to keep out
of sight; It hides in stockings or nkh.-.s
In the wall or burrows in the ground. It
requires high civilization and great guar
antees to bring it out, put it in circulation
and make it useful. In times and In places
of panic and distrust it disappears and
increases the distress. With the return
of confidence it moves the machinery of
society and makes possible varied indus
tries and prosperity. The State which so
legislates as to take away all earning
power from the monej* It has invited or
borrowed soon learns that It has gained
a temporary advantage and lost its cred
it, which is the most fruitful source of
profit and prosperity.
Education is the remedy for our
troubles. The school Is the preparatory
department of the college, and the col
lege fits boys for the greater university
of the world. The school and the college
teach; they canhot educate. The colle
gian can become as narrow as his village
playmate who graduated at the common
school if both remain for their life work
In the Isolated environment of their local
conditions, prejudices and misconceptions-
Both of them come to this exposition.
The encircling horizon which made con
fident their physical and Intellectual vis
lon expands with their minds and em
braces states and cities, arts and indus
tries. They see the vastness and inter
dependence of our national commerce.
They learn that the more Intelligently
selfish any business may he the more pa
triotically it encourages every other in
dustry and contributes to the general
weal. The solution of the century-vexing
problem of capital and labor grows sim
pler. They see that even a railroad presi
dent may be a public-spirited citizen
without betraying the interests or lessen
ing the business of his company; that the
money power Is the concentration of the
capital of the many at convenient centers
of financial operations and contact with
the world, where it lire idle and useless in
times of distrust and is easily drawn to
the beneficent purposes and productive
energies of the community which can give ,
It profitable employment.
When Nebraska shalJ have reached the
age of New York there will be a popula
tion of over 200,000,000 in the United States.
Our domain will be sufficient for their
support and our Institutions elastic
enough for their orderly government and
their liberty. Intelligence will be keen
and high and the State will be very close
to the daily life and Industrial activities
of the people. Co-operation will be work-
Ing to an extent now thought chimerical.
There will alway be differences of condi
tions, as God has endowed His children
with degrees of gifts, but the much
abused doctrine that the world owes
every man a livingwill be in general vogue
and "practice. The lazy, the shiftless and
tho improvident will grumble and suffer
then as now, but there will be a place for
all, according to the talents beatowwi up
on them and wisely perfected plans for
the care and comfort of the aged and the
helpless. The English language will be
th»* speech of diplomacy and the tongue
of a quarter of the human race. The
T'nited States and Great Britain, having
worked harmoniously together for a long
period, will dominate the world. Their
rule and example will be for the promo
tion of commerce and the spread of civil
ization with its requirements and benefits
In Asia ar.d Africa. Tear by year will
come nearer the realization of Ihe oromise
which began and has Inspired the Chris
tian era of "Peace on earth and good will
among men."
Hon. Jacob Amos of Syracuse also
spoke. The Buffalo Pan-American Ex
position Commission was strongly rep
resented by President Brlnker, Secre
tary Hill and Treasurer Lautz.
LOW RATES TO ALASKA.
Other Companies Meet the Big Cut
Recently Made.
TACOMA, Wash.. Oct. B.— The Washing
ton and Alaska and the Alaska Steam
ship Companies to-day met the cut rates
made yesterday by the Pacific Coast
Steamship Company. They apply from
Puget Sound to Skaguav, Dyea, Sitka and
other Southeastern Anlaka points, and
are $]ft first-class and 2» second-class, the
lowest rates ever made from the Sound
to Alaska. They are announced to apply
on the next steamers to leave pnrt and
may be changed any day thereafter.
THE SAX FEA^ CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
SAXTON'S SLAYER
NOW INDIFFERENT
Mrs. George Admits Her
Deadly Threats.
NOT AFRAID OF THE GALLOWS
HAD OBJECTED TO HIS VISITS TO
MRS. ALTHOUSE.
Canton, Ohio, Deeply Moved by the
Sensational Assassination of
the President's Brother
in-Law.
CANTON, Ohio, Oct. B.— The city is
Intensely moved by the shocking trag
edy that so deeply affects the home of
its most highly esteemed citizen, the
President of the United States. It turns
out that Mrs. George had been around
the residence of Mrs. Althouse fre
quently, and when Saxton was about
to enter there last evening he was shot
dead on the doorstep.
Mrs. George had frequently threat
ened to kill him if he persisted in call
ing on Mrs. Althouse.
An interviewer at the City Prison
told Mrs. George he was not surprised
to find her locked up after what she
had threatened, and added:
"You remember you said you would
kill Saxton if he did not keep away
from the Althouse place?"
"Yes, I remember that I told you
that," said Mrs. George.
"And you remember that I told you
that if you did you would be hanged?"
"Yes" said Mrs. George, "and I re
member saying that I did not care if I
was."
Marshall Barber, President McKin
ley's brother-in-law, whose residence
!is at the old Saxton homestead, re
f ceived a telegram from the President
[ to-day saying that Mr. and Mrs. Mc-
Kinley and Mrs. Barber and her son,
John Barber, a Cuban and Porto Rican
soldier, who has been very ill at Wash
ington, will leave for Canton to-night
at 7 o'clock on the Pennsylvania road.
The funeral of Mr. Suxum will be held
Monday afternoon.
The post-mortem examination shows
two superlicial shot wounds; also that
a third bullet entered the left breast
and a fourth the left side, five inches
below the third, passing through the
lower abdomen and supposedly causing
death. The body was removed to the
Barber residence to-day.
Several persons allege that Mrs.
i George had threatened to shoot Saxt"ii.
'. She engaged Mayor Rice and Attorney
James Sterling for counsel to-day. An
affidavit charging murder in the first
degree has Deen filed against her by
Prosecuting Attorney PomerenA, in
Justice Reigner's court. It is signed by
Lawyer J. J. Grant, who was the per
| sonal friend, as well as legal counsel of
| Saxton.
Mrs. George was taken into the Jus
; tlces 1 court for arraignment, but her at-
I torneys, after reading the affidavit, an
| nounced that they were not ready for
i arraignment, and the proceedings wore
■ postponed until Mdnday. The prisot^i-r
I was thereupon remanded to the County
! Jail.
M. C. Barber, the brother-in-law of
j President McKinley, received a tele
[ gram from Washington to-night stat
ing that 2 o'clock would best suit the
President and Mrs. McKinley as the
hour for holding the funeral services.
Acordingly that hour on Monday af
ternoon has been selected. The ser
vices are to be private for th,e family
and immediate friends, and will occur
at the Barber home. The Washington
message also announced that the Presi
dent and party would reach Canton at
10:25 Sunday morning.
Mrs. Annie E. George is closely con
fined, so far as communication with her
friends is concerned, although she is
not restricted in her consultations with
her attorneys. She seems to be com
fortably established, and the officers
say that neither her appetite nor her
rest is disturbed by the conditions in
which she is placed. She Is cool and
collected, and still maintains silence on
every feature connected with the
tragedy.
Officers have been making- special ef
forts to find the weapon with which the
crime was committed by searching all
round the scene of the shooting, the
field through which she Is said to have
walked last night, and other places she
is thought to have been, but to no
avail.
There is some gossip that Saxton may
have been enticed to the Althouse resi
dence by a decoy letter. This Is based
on the statement of Mrs. Althouse that
Saxton knew she was not at home that
evening and that she did not expect to
be, and that, therefore, he had no rea
son to call. '
The Coroner began taking testimony
this afternoon and examined half a
dozen or more neighbors who heard th^>
Shooting or saw the dead man. The
only development of the inquest so far
Ib a statement by Henry Bederman
that he saw a woman in black In front*
of the Althouse home fire several shots
at a man. After the first shot she
walked away, and then there came
from the man a faint call for help. Phe
turned abruptly, walked b^ck and fired
several more shots, and then ran away.
He could not tell who the woman was.
IMPROVEMENTS FOR
THE SOLDIERS' HOME
Congress Will Be Asked to Supply
New Barracks and Repair the
Old.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. B.— Major W. H.
Bonsall of this city, member of the board
of managers of the National Soldiers'
Home, has just returned from the East,
where he visited all the homes and at
tended the meetings of the board. In tne
estimates prepared by t*e board for pres^
entatlon to the coming session of Con
gress Major Bonsall secured some im
portant changes for the Santa Monica
home which. If Congress grants the al
lowances will secure for the home greatly
improved facilities. The home is crowded
at preseni and there are 400 applicants
waiting for admission. The estimates
provide for two new barracks and furni
ture to cost $45,000 and a church to cost
$14 000, with $7500 for improvements in
the present quarters.
MISSING FROM GILROY.
Aged Thomas Dougherty Disappears
From His Home.
GILROY, Oct. B.— Thomas Dougherty,
an old resident of Gllroy and a former
City Marshal, has disappeared. He left
yesterday afternoon, leaving his purse
iind othor valuables at home, and took
with him a revolver. He walked west,
through the Hanna field, and when last
seen was passing Ousley's. three miles
from town. His omestic life was happy,
and it is believed he wandered off while
temporarily deranged. Searchers have
traversed the adjacent hills without find
ing the missing man. It is feared he has
ended his life.
Kicked by a Horse.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. B.— Thomas A. Kf
ser, lately of Loa Angeles, died this
morning Crom the effects of injuries re
ceived last night while attending a
horse. Uhe animal kicked him on the
head, fracturing his skull. Deceased was
employed by a hardware firm here.
SPANIARDS WILL
BE OBSTINATE
Not Ready to Accede All
Demands.
AMERICANS REMAIN FIRM
DIPLOMATIC CONTROVERSY IS
FAST APPROACHING.
Soon the Philippine Question Will Be
Taken Up by the Two Boards
of Peace Commission
ers at Paris.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. B.— The United States
Peace Commissioners began their usual
three-hour session at 10 o'clock this
morning. They are understood to have
taken Into consideration direct propo
sitions and counter-propositions from
the Spaniards. It may be regarded as
quite likely that the Spaniards have al
ready outlined their apparent expecta
tions, and that they are beyond the line
of possible acquiescence by the Ameri
cans.
The latter are now acting along well
considered lines, consistently and with
a definite end in view. They have, to
some degree, disclosed their expecta
tions and determinations. The Span
iards, however, seem unable or unwill
ing to understand or believe that the
Americans may have, at the outset, set
furth their requirements, and that they
are destined to remain virtually un
changed by finesse or counter-diplo
macy- Therefore it is not unlikely
that the Americans, following a course
of fair and thorough consideration of
all the original and counter proposi
tions, will, to the limit of possibility,
accord patient consideration to any
thought projected by the Spaniards.
While the Philippines have not yet
been reached in the deliberations, the
question is doubtless relatively not far
distant, and at that point is likely to
come the full stress of diplomatic con
troversy.
Referring to the Philippine phase of
the negotiations the Gaulois to-day
says: "The question was somewhat
touched upon though not discussed yes
terday, but there was enough to indi
cate serious difficulties when it does
come up."
The first session lasted two hours.
President Faure, through the United
States Embassador. General Horace
Porter, to-day invited the American
commission to visit the Longchamps
racecourse on Sunday, in order to wit
ness the race for the Prix Municipal.
The Americans, through the Embassa- ;
dor, thanked the President, but declined
his invitation.
RARE BIRD CAUGHT
BY A TOURIST'S DOG
papture in New Zealand} of a Wild
Fowl of a Species Thought to
Have Been Extinct.
VANCOUVER, Oct. 8— Advices were
received from Auckland by the Warrimbo
to the effect that a species of a very
rare bird has been discovered on one of
the southwest coast fiords of New Zea
land. It ft the mantelll, the takahe of
the Maoris, supposed to have been ex
tinct. Until a few weeks ago there was
only three specimens of this bird in the
world, and for many years no trace of
others had been seen. The specimen just
secured will probably be worth its weight
in gold and perhaps a good deal more.
It was caught by a dog owned by a
tounsL
Information hitherto unknown has been
acquired through the capture of tiiis
strange creature. It is a handsome bird
of heavy gait, and absolutely unable to
use its wings for flying. It is about the
size of a goose, and has beautifully col
ored feathers. On the back, wings and
tail they are olive green of almost ire
tallic luster, 'and below the short tail
feathers are white, The legs and to< 9
ar»_- of a rich salmon red. Another re
markahle feature is the beak— a '4T"at
equilateral triangle of hard pink j.om,
with one angle directed forward, while
on *he upper side of the base of tha
beak is a rudimentary comb.
STRANGLED BY A NEGRO.
George Randall Arrested for the
Murder of Mrs. Voght.
DENVER. Oct. B.— George Randall, a
negro, has been arrosted on the charge of
having murdered Mrs. Julia Voght, who
was found dead yesterday in her apart
ments, where she had been strangled to
death with a towel. Randall, who fre
quently called on the woman, made some
damaging admissions while under the in
fluence of drink. It is believed he killed
the woman because she refused to give
him money. A memorandum book found
among her effects showed she had fre
quently given him small sums. No evi
dence has been discovered to connect
.Randall with the four murders by strang
ling that were committed here in 181 M.
An Extensive Failure.
BOSTON. Oct. B.— The leather firm of
Hpckman,. Rlssell & Co. of this city as
signed to-day to George W. Brown of the
local firm of Bulllean, Brown A Fyfe.
The house has been dealing largely in
hides and both sole and upper leather.
The partners have been doing a business
of between $500,000 and $750,000 a year. The
amount of assets and liabilities fa not yet
made public.
Funeral of Mrs. Anthony.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. B.— THe funeral of
Mrs. Sarah A. Anthony, the pioneer
woman, was held this morning from the
Methodist church, which she helped to
found in 1848. It was largely attended by
old residents. The services wore conduct
ed by Rev. Thomas Filben. The pall
bearers were: F. A. Hihn, C. B. Younger,
George H. Bliss, Henry Parsons, W. D.
Storey and L. S. Sherman.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ':.".'.
— _ _ __ i — - ■ - ■ — —
Going Like Hot Cakes ! 1 from maker to wearer direct.
**^ , ■ _ -' i . ..iiimiii ■ ■iiiiuii.i
Our celebrated All- i'^'^i^^^M^m,)' Wl
wool Opc^on City ? f^mk^S^a^^m^i^sm
Cassimere I™!!!!
o Tdllib " " " tpiU Julio.
THE CLOTH ALONE IS WORTH MORE. THE COAT ALONE IS WORTH MORE. ■HB9|HHBBBhHBHHhHH^BHB9HHI
Only a few left, ■ and -at these prices will be sold for a short time only. Never before did you have such a chance of buying $6
Pants for $3.00, and a $15 Suit for $10.00. The goods are made at our own mills, and we know what they are. Buy
them now, or you'll be sorry. No retail mall orders filled. Open Saturdays till 9:30 P. M.
121-123 SANSQME ST,,,' bet, bush for imitators. Look for all Blue Signs,
IZI-IZO OAJN OUIfIiL 01., i OjQK OUT FOR imitators. Look for all Blue Signs,
M h
TO FIX SAMPSON'S
RIGHT TO PROMOTION
NEW YORK, Oct. B.— The Washington correspondent of the Her
ald telegraphs: That there may be no question when Congress meets
of the right of Rear Admiral W. T. Sampson to the promotion that
has been given him, and to settle for all time the positions occupied
by the armored cruiser New York and the armored cruiser Brooklyn
during- the battle with Cervera's fleet, Secretary Long has directed the
assemblage of a -board at Tompkinsville to make a thorough investi
gation of the matter.
Friends of Rear Admiral Sampson claim that the investigation will
show conclusively that he was more in the fight than has been be
lieved.
NOW CONSIDERATE
TOWARD AMERICA
Germans Favor Reten
tion of Philippines.
WILL LET UNCLE SAM ALONE
MERCHANTS INCLINED TO AN
ANNEXATION.
Count yon Goetzen Praises the Valor
and Dash of Americans in
vie Santiago Cam
paign.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN, Oct. B.— There has been a
great change in German public opinion
on the subject of the retention of the
Philippine Islands by the United States.
The feeling toward America generally
is much more favorable than a couple
of months ago. The news from the
United States that the Government at
Washington is seriously contemplating
holding the Philippines is commented
upon dispassionately in the German
press, and it is significant this week
that two papers of such standing as
the Kolnische Zeitung and the Vos
sische Zeitung have published long let
ters from German merchants settled in
the Philippine Islands, in which Ameri
can annexation is strongly advocated.
A correspondent of the Vossische Zei
tung even vigorously combats Germany
making any attempt to secure a por
tion of the islands, citing weighty rea
sons therefor. Another significant fact
this week was a delegation representing
German and German-Swiss firms in
the Philippine Islands called at the
United States embassy to express hopes
that America will not relinquish the
islands, and, above all, not return them
to Spain, which, the delegation claimed,
would mean a recurrence of the revo
lution and the perpetuation of commer
cial troubles.
The delegation also asked if it might
go to Paris and lay its views before the
United Statt-s Peace Commission. The
United States Embassador here, Mr.
White, advised the delegation not to do
so. Mr. White does not anticipate Ger
man inteiference, directly or indirectly,
even if the United States insists upon
retaining the whole of the archipelago.
Privy Councilor Schwartenstein, for
merly of the German Embassy at
Washington, declares that Germany
does not dream of putting obstacles
in America's way.
Mr. White had a long conference on
Wednesday last with the German Min
ister of Foreign Affairs, Baron yon
Buelow.
Tin 1 Imperial Government last winter,
goaded by the agrarians, drew up a bill
to regulate the Inspection of American
meat exports. The bill practically
meant the death of the American meat
trade, and, luckily, it could not be
made ready for production in the
Reichstag before that body adjourned.
Since then the situation has changed.
The charges against American meats
have invariably proved to be ground
less, so that the violent press attacks
have ceased. The Government, there
fore, has considerably modified the bill.
which is now much less stringent, but
some of its provisions are still highly
prejudicial to canned meats and sau
sages.
It is expected that the measure will
be introduced into the Reichstag soon
after its convening next month. The
entire Right and a majority of the Cen
trists favor the measure, so its pass
age is virtually assured.
Mr. White has again taken up the
cause of American insurance compa
nies who have been forbidden to do
business in Prussia.
Count yon Goetzen's report of the
Cuban war operations is in the hands
of the Minister of War, General yon
Grossler. It is deemed confidential.
The Emperor has carefully read it. Yon
Goetzen first made a verbal Y-eport to
the Emperor, who specially inquired as
to the morale of the Americans, the dif
ference between the regulars and the
volunteers, the commissariat and medi
cal arrangements and the relative cour
age and spirit of the Americans. Since
then his Majesty has put many per
sonal questions to the Count. The lat
ter, in the main, reported favorably,
dwelling particularly on the dash and
valor of the Americans, the superior
ity of the Mauser rifle and the poor
generalship displayed on both sides.
The former German military attache at
Washington also severely condemned
General Toral's surrender at Santiago.
Dr. yon Holleben, the German Em
bassador to the United States, stopped
with the Emperor yesterday evening
and dilated upon the patriotism and
war fever of the American people. His
Majesty repeatedly expressed astonish
ment.
Dr. Miguel, the Minister of Finance
and vice president of the Council of
Ministers, through his mouthpiece, the
Politische Nachrichten, has issued a
denial of the newspaper statements to
the effect that the recent epidemics of
sickness in a number of German regi
ments was due to American meats. He
also denied that 150 cases of trichi
nosis at Sandersleben, near Beinberg,
were caused by American pork. All
the cases, he pointed out, were due to
home grown pork.
At the Socialists' annual conference
at Stuttgart this week Herr Liebknecht
made a speech, In which he declared
the Socialist party was the only one
capable of freeing the world from an
archism and war. He further asserted
that Prince Bismarck, "who had more
power than any one man since Napo
leon, was smashed by the Socialists."
Herr Liebknecht added significantly:
"And after we have overcome Bismarck
there is no opponent we fear."
The speech of Emperor William
heralding the anti-strikes bill furnished
material for inflammatory speeches.
The proceedings of the Socialist Con
gress brought out clearly the develop
ment of the Socialists into a parlia
mentary party of practical reform. A
feature of the congress was the promi
nent part taken by the workmen dele
gates, whose speeches in nearly every
case were of a revolutionary character.
They scouted compromise or caution.
The case ojf the newly elected Chief
Mayor of Berlin, Kirschner, and Magis
trate Kauffmann, whose appointments
have not been confirmed by the Em
peror, although the period In which
they should have been confirmed has
elapsed, promises to become sensa
tional. The Emperor, whose sanction is
necessary, objects to the two person
ages named, owing to their political
convictions, and the Tageblatt says:
"A series of conflicts between the crown
and the municipality, like the so-called
conflicts seen in the early sixties, seems
inevitable."
Some 150 persons who served in the
United States navy during the recent
war with Spain, are now in Germany on
leave of absence. They are creating
quite a sensation in the streets.
A semi-official denial has been issued
of the statement that the Emperor ex
pects to postpone his journey to Pales
tine.
The Empress of Germany, who Is an
ardent photographer, will take a com
plete photographic outfit with her for
use during her Eastern trip. Knack
fuss, the well known painter, and Salt
zemann, the marine painter, accom
pany the party. The latest item of the
Emperor's programme is a religious
ceremony on the Mount of Olives on
October 30. The imperial party will
number 128 persons, the horses and
mules will total over 8000 and a thou
sand Turkish troops will escort their
Majesties.
It is reported here that the North
German Lloyd Steamship Company in
tends to extend its East Asiatic service
to Manila.
PERRIS BONDS INVAL/D.
Important Decision Affecting the Im-
migration District.
RIVERSIDE, Oct. 8.-Judge Noyes of
the Supreme Court to-day rendered an im
portant decision in the case of Hogg vs.
the Ferris Irrigation District. Action was
brought to have the bonds declared in-
valid, and in a decision on the point that
the proper notice of Intention to form the
district was not given by the Supervisors
the court says:
First— That the notice in question was
not sufficient to invest the Board of Su
pervisors of San Bernardino County with
jurisdiction to organize of to conduct any
proceedings for organization of the irri
gation district.
Secomf^-That the decree of confirmation
is Ineffectual for the purpose of legalizing
such organization, upon grounds that the
district was never organized; that all pro
ceedings had for such purpose were
wholly void; that to give efficiency io
such decree would be to violate the con
stitutional rights of land-owners of tne
said district in the same manner as uid
the order of the Board of Supervisors in
the first instance in attempting to organ
ize the district.
In A'iew of these conclusions, it is not
necessary to pass upon the many other
questions presented, find they will, tnere
fore, be dismissed without comment.
WILL BE SATISFIED
WITH ANNEXATION
But Aguinaldo's Filipinos Will First
Struggle to Secure In
dependence.
NEW YORK, Oct. B.— Felipe Agoncillo,
the representative of Aguinaldo, the lead
er of the Filipinos, Bailed to-day for
Havre. He is accompanied by his secre
tary, Sixto Lopez. Agoncillo said that his
visit to this country had been very pleas
ant and that he had been kindly received
by President McKinley. He expects to be
allowed to present the appeal of the Fili
pinos to the American Peace Commis
sioners. . _ _. *"-, r „
"We had enough of Spanish misrule,
said Agoncillo, "and if the United States
will not grant us independence like the
Cubans, then we will have to be satisfied
with annexation."
KRAG THE SOLE SURVIVOR.
Was at the Wheel When the C. C.
Funk Was Wrecked.
VANCOUVER. B. C. Oct. B.— Albert
Krag. the ssole survivor of the wreck of
the C. C. Funk, has arrived at Flinders,
Tasmania. He was at the wheel at the
time of the disaster. He says the weather
was so dirty that land could not be seen
until after the ship was in the breakers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0444444444444-444*
♦ Ladies' 4
X Life=Saving Shoes +
X For Winter Wear. 4
4
i 4-
4- Made the same as men's custom- «.
4- made shoes, with very flexible welted _,
4. soles. Unsurpassed for keeping the
14. feet dry during the damp weather. In "*"
_» latsst styles of lace and button. The 4-
best shoe bargain in San Francisco. 4-
♦ $3.50 pair. ♦
4- ■ > +
I Winter school shoes ♦
♦ for young ladies. +
- ■ +
4- Our celebrated bright-finished box a
4- calf lace shoes, sewed soles, stitched _^
4. edges, coin toes and tips, , "*"
♦ $2.50 pair. +
4- * — — — _ ' 4.
♦ Now is the time t
I 4- r .
+ for ladies to buy +
4" A
4- a pair of our celebrated Paris Kid lace
.a. shoes, welted sewed soles, stitched
a edges, coin toes and patent-leather "*"
_. tips, ail sizes, all widths, 4-
4- $2.50 pair, +
4- -- I
X We have jnst issued +
X 100,000 new catalogs. ♦
; Send us your address and we will 4-
: "*" mail you one. It will show you the 4-
4" advantage of buying from vs — how 4-
4- you can save on even the smallest +
4- purchase. We guarantee to suit you +
4. or return your money promptly. a
: nolanTbros. :
"♦" PHELAN BUILDING, "*"
. 812-814 Market Street, San Francisoo. +
+ 4-4-4-4-4-4-4- + 4-4-4-4- + 4-©
Lease and
Furniture
E; For Sale Cheap ,
On Account of Illness.
A family hotel on Market street corner, about
85 rooms, completely and elegantly furnished;
house recently papered and renovated and In
running order.
ASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO.,
633 Market street.
ELY'S CREAM BALM la a positive rare.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 60
cents at Drntrpicts or hv mail ; wmp'ea 10c by mail.
ELY B^ T """' r **■'' ■ -"*■•- New York City.
FOR
MAYOR!
JAMES D, PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON-PARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
111 1 ii DUlisiL I j
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
REPUBLICAN. NON-PARTISAN AND POP-
ULIST NOMINEE. . --rC
X 0 1... COUNTY CLERK,
WFOR
COUNTY CLERK,
I A. MANE,
f . f REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
E,L. FITZGERALD
";iffr:. (LABOR COMMISSIONER)
FOR
PUBLIC ADM NISTRATO^.
DEMOCRATIC AND POPULIST NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
" PARTY NOMINEE. • -
RRTT^HFQ FOR BARBERS. BAK.
DilUOilLO era. bootblacks, bath-
houses, billiard tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers.' nnars,
dyers, flournvlls. foundries, laundriss. paper-
hangers, printers, painters, : shoe factories,
stableman, tar-roofers, tanners; tailors. «tc- - .
BUCHANAN BROS., . .
Brush Manufacturers. 609 Sacrament* 96
~" m - esss • - : - i ■ :TAKES COMMAND
AT MARE ISLAND
Commodore Watson at
His New Post.
HIS BLUE PENNANT HOISTED
GREETED WITH A SALUTE OF
ELEVEN GUNS.
After Having Assumed Charge He
Leaves for This City tj Re
cover From the Effect*
of the Wreck.
Special Dispatch to The CaJl.
VALLEJO, Oct. B.— Commodore John
Crlttenden Watson, the new command
ant at Mare Island, assumed command
t"-day at 2 o'clock. He had been the
puf-st of Captain Kempff on the Inde
pendence and arrived at the navy yard
gate on the launch from that ship. He
was met by Captain Cotton and the
heads of departments and officers of the
yard, who were drawn up on the gang
way leading to the float. The entire
marine guard was drawn up on the
main avenue as Commodore Watson
di ■ ye past.
Just as the new commandant stepped
on the lioat, the senior officer's pennant
and "cocoawhip" were hauled down
from the Independence and a commo
dore's blue pennant, with its single
white star, hoisted at the main truck,
while a salute of eleven guns was
■ modore Watson drove to his of
fice, whore he remained a short time,
uishing the command temporarily
t Captain Cotton. This action was
taken on advice of surgeons, as the
Commodore had been badly shaken up
when the car he was in was derailed
at Cclfax. His head was iut and a
slight injury to his left hand is covered
by a bandage.
-'«f*er leaving his office he returned to
the Independence and at 4:25 left for
San Francisco. He will return and as
sume hi? dfuti* s lay.
Commodore Watson wa.« seen by The
representative as he was about to
take the boat for San Francisco. He
said that he was very glad to come to
A are Island, as he had many friends in
V'ailejo and San Francisco and lik<*s the
"As long as the war is over," said he,
change from that hot climate is
very agreeable."
Commodore Watson was in command
of the eastern division of Admiral
2am; tin Cuban waters, and
hauled down his Hag from the Newark
off the coast of Jamaica just before
starting for Mare Island.- He has been
on duty here three times before, once
as ordnance officer, again as senior aid
to Admiral Rogers and again as Cap
tain of the yard. He left Mare Island
to command the flagship San Frar
l aking a cruise to Europe and South
America. For three years he was ffOV
oi the naval home at Philadel
phia, leaving there to join the fleet off
Santiago.
Tht Hartford will leave the dock to
morrow, ail work on her below the
water line being completed. Her boil
ers have been secured, and mechanics
are busy connecting them.
Th». Yorktown will be placed in the
dock on Tuesday, using the blocks that
have supported the Hartford. She will
be cleaned, her sea valves, strut bear
ing-".propellers and other underwater ap
purtenances put in first-class condition
antf her hull given two coats of anti
fouling paint. She is nearly ready to
be placed in commission.
A hospital steward is required for the
Iroquois, which )s to be stationed at
Honolulu ;is .• dispatch vessel. Lieu
tenant C. F. P<>nd will command her.
Thirty-fhv men who enlisted for the
war will go East on Monday by train.
The" will be discharged to date from
thHr arrival at their various places of
enlistment in the East, and the Gov
f-rnment supplies the transportation. A
draft of forty men for the Culgoa on the
Asiatic station will leave by the Gaelic
on Tuesday.
THE COMMODORE'S PLANS.
Many Important and Expen-
sive Improvements for
Mare Island.
Commodore "Watson came down from
Mare Island last evening: and went di
rectly to the home of his relative. Judge
Thornton, at 2908 Jackson street: His
head and hand were still bandaged as
the result of the injury received in the
train wreck near Colfax, and a piece as
big as a quarter was missing from his
forehead. Although badly shaken up by
the accident he was in good spirits. Seat
ed around him his relatives listened to
his interesting: talk on the late war.
When pten by a Call representative h<:
stated that important improvements
would soon be under way at Mare Island,
and that they would be extensive and
permanent. This will mean the expend
ing of many thousands of dollars and
give employment to many hundreds of
men.
"The officers' quarters ruined by the
last earthquake," he said, "will have to
be rebuilt. Several of the workshops, a
eection of the seawall and an additional
drydock will probably be constructed."
He also thought that considerable work
in the lint of construction and repair
■would be done at the island and a great
deal of money would be disbursed. In his
opinion the yard would be put in the
highest state of efficiency.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strength through his new
and original system of treatment.
It I Til 11 K cured by his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. lMßlCOrEl.E.hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
f lands treated with unfailing success,
oniacioim blood polnon in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I,H<He»will receive
special attention for their many ail-
mentp. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mall. He will
also Bend you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health." free of charge. Address
F. L. SWEANY. M. D.. 737 Market
street. St^n Francisco. Cal.
JOSEPH SIMON
CHOSEN SENATOR
Elected by the Oregon
Legislature.
END OF A LONG STRUGGLE
CORBETT COULD NOT SECURE
THE NECESSARY VOTES.
The Successful Man Is a Well-Known
Political Worker and Has Held
Many Positions of
Trust.
SALEM, Or., Oct. B.— The nominee of
last night's Republican caucus, Joseph
Simon, was to-day regularly chosen
United States Senator by the Legisla
ture in joint session. He received the
full Republican vote, except that of
Senator Kuykendall, who was absent.
All the members recognized the binding
force of tbe caucus and there was no
attempt to evade or disregard it.
The election of Senator Simon is well I
received. In nearly all quartern it is 1
welcomed as a very satisfactory con
clusion of the contest. A few of the ,
most confirmed factlonists, those who !
still worship at the shrine o-f ex-Senator
Mitchell, or who seeing Simon's elec
tion a check to the influence that has
been operating through Senator Me- j
are sullen and heartsore over
their defeat. They cannot fall to pee
that the election of Senator Simon is a
y far the gold standard forces,
and they aiv correspondingly saddened.
one of their greatest contentions was i
really to have chosen a man who would
be in entire accord with or even sub
servtent to Mcßride, in which particu
lar their plans miscarried most dis
tressingly. All others, however, feel
good over the election, and it is surpris
ing to see how general and evidently |
sincere are the indorsements of Sena- |
tor Simon.
The ballot stood: Simon 64, Klncaid
23, Bennett 2, absent 1.
The contest which ended to-day by
the election of Mr. Simon has been car- j
ried on for two years. The Legislature |
which convened in January, 1897, should
have chosen a successor to Senator J. '
H. Mitchell, whose term expired in
March, 1597, but the lower house was
never organized and consequently the
session expired beyond limitation and
no vote was taken for United States
Senator.
Governor Lord appointed ex-Senator
H. W. Corbett to the vacancy, but the
United States Senate refused to admit ;
him.
The Legislature which was elected
last June was overwhelmingly Repub
lican and Mr. Corbett was recognized
;ts the leading candidate for Senator.
Governor Lord called an extra session
of the Legislature, which assembled
September L' 6. Corbett received the
caucus nomination for Senator of a ma
jority of the members, but lacked the
ten votes of a majority of the Legisla
ture. After voting four days for Mr.
Corbett his Mends became convinced
that he would not be elected.
A caucus of all Republicans was
called last night, at which a letter of
withdrawal was read from Mr. Corbett.
A ballot was taken for Senator and Mr.
Simon received 101 votes or five less
than a majority of the Legislature, lie
fore another ballot was taken a mo
tion making Mr. Simon the unanimous
choice of the caucus was put and car
ried.
PORTLAND, Pr., Oct. B.— Joseph
Simon, who was to-day elected United
States Senator to fill the vacancy j
caused by the failure of the Legislature j
to elect a successor to John H. Mitchell, \
has been for years one of the • most
prominent men in Oregon politics. He j
was born in Germany, of Jewish pa- j
rents, in 1851, and came to Oregon with i
his parents In 1857. He was educated !
in the public schools of this city,
studied law, and in 1872 was admitted j
to the bar, since which time he has !
practiced his profession in this city.
He became a member of the City
Council in 1877, serving three years, be- i
ing for a portion of the time President |
of the Council and Acting Mayor of the '
city. . As secretary of the Republican j
State Central Committee, in 1878. he
managed the campaign so successfully i
that In 1880 he was made chairman of j
the committee, in which capacity he
served for six years. He represented
Multonomah County in the State Senate
from 1880 to 1891, and again since in I
1893.
He was president of the Senate dur
ing the session of 1889-91 and since 1893
has been repeatedly re-elected to th;it
position, at present acting in that ca
pacity. He is one of the best presid
ing officers that body ever had. In
Mr. Simon was a delegate to the
National Republican convention in
Minneapolis.
He was then elected to represent Ore
gon in the Republican committee. For
eight years Mr. Simon was a member of
the Board of Police Commissioners of
Portland. He was a law partner of the
late Senator Dolph, being a member of
the firm of Dolph, Bellinger, Mallory &
Simon. Mr. Simon is a gold standard
man.
MANY NEW FEVER
CASES REPORTED
NEW ORLEANS, Oct. B.— The follow
ing 13 a recapitulation of fever cases
and deaths reported in Louisiana up to
9 o'clock to-night: In city of New Or
leans, 62 cases, 11 deaths; Harveys
Canal, 14 cases, 3 deaths; Franklin, 210
cases, 7 deaths; Wilson, 247 cases, 4
deaths; Baton Rouge, 22 cases, 2 deaths;
Houma, 8 cases, 1 death; Clinton, 2
cases, no deaths; Plaquemine, 3 cases,
no deaths; Jackson, 22 cases, no deaths;
Bowie, 1 case, no deaths.
MERIDIAN, Miss., Oct. B.— Twenty
cases of yellow fever are reported from
Hattiesburg. Miss., a town of about
3000 'nhabitants, 110 miles north of New
Orleans on the New Orleans and North
eastern Railroad. The fever was
brought here by W. G. Rich, a wealthy
lumberman, from New Orleans about
fifteen days ago, and the nature of the
disease not being known a large num
ber of people were exposed and an
epidemic of the plague is the result.
REORGANIZATION OF
THE NATIONAL GUARD
Second Brigade to Have Eighteen
Companies and the Third Brig
ade Seven Companies.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. B.— An order was
to-day Issued from the adjutant general's
office regarding the reorganization of the
National Guard. The plan Is to admit
eighteen companies of infantry in the
Second Brigade and seven companies in
the Third Brigade.
Preference will be given to those locali
ties whose companies have been accepted
into the United States service. The seven
companies in the Third Brigade whl
probably be attached to the Second In
fantry, and thus bring it up to its regi
mental strength.
Woodland will be given one of these
companies. Preliminary examinations of
recruits will be held under the direction
of Major General Pickinson.
THE SAN FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBEH 9, 1808.
JOSEPH SIMON, U. S. SENATOR-ELECT FROM OREGON.
SALISBURY IS
DISGRUNTLED
Much Concerned Over
China and Fashoda.
WORRIED OVER THE FAR EAST
ENGLAND SENDING WAR MATE
RIAL TO HONGKONG.
Cruiser Terrible Ordered to Join
Her Sister Ship, the Power
ful, on the China
Station.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by thp Associated Press.
LONLx >N, < 'vi. S.— The Marquis of
Salisbury resumed his duties at the
• Foreign Office in an unusually dogged
\ mood, a complete antithesis of his or
' dinary, gentle treatment of the officials.
j He was extremely disgruntled at the
i "-way official matters concerning China
i and Fashoda have been coming out. al
j though publicists of all shades of
l opinion have been bitterly complaining
at the almost complete ignorance in
which the country has been left re
specting all foreign questions. This was
' especially the case with Fashoda. and it
j bred want of confidence in the Govern
i ment among its own supporters, which
: has been amply demonstrated by the
| daily outcry of th>- conservative press
I against the climb-down upon the part
of Great Britain, which they evidently
forsee.
The reversal of the order of things in
China has also been a theme for lamen
tations at the Marquis of Salisbury's
invertebrateness. The dispatch of Cos
sacks and field guns to guard the Rus
sian Legation at Peking, in addition to
marines, as sent by the other embas
sies, is considered very significant.
The British Premier, however, seems
allze that trouble is brewing in the
Bast, as large quantities of war stores
are going to Hongkong, while the first
class cruiser Terrible has been ordered
to join her sister ship, the Powerful, at
the China station as soon as some re
pairs are completed. These cruisers
are the largest in the world.
Disquieting news from the Transvaal
has reached the British Foreign Office.
President Kruger has commanded Brit*
Isfa subjects in the Transvaal to join
the Burgher force sent against the re
bellious Chief Mofeu, who is preparing
for battle tin a large scale. All the
roads in Northern Transvaal are held
by armed Kaflirs and the Boers are
likely to have a difficult task.
President Kruger has the letter of the
law on his side in ordering British sub
jects in the Transvaal to join the
Burgher forces; but the British de
clare they will refuse to fight for th»?
Boers while they are disenfranchised. '
The political side of Emperor Wil
liam's visit to Palestine is attracting
close attention here. Germany for the
past twenty years has had an eye on
Asia Minor as her part of the spoils
when the Ottoman empire collapses,
and the German Emperor, since the Ar
menian trouble, has obtained a strong'
foothold in that part of the world.
Germany has obtained railroad and
land concessions in Asia and is gener
ally showing a disposition to settle
those permanently. The English news
papers express the conviction that Em
peror William's idea is to foster this
German settlement and when Turkey
collapses, Germany will justly claim a
slice of Asia Minor, from the Aegean
Sea to Arabia, where there is room for
10,000,000 German immigrants who
would otherwise go to the United States
or British colonies.
The Spectator points out that Em
peror "William's first idea of German
izing the Transvaal. Southern Brazil
and parts of Africa failed. The project
led in Southern Brazil owing to the
ad In Berlin that it might lead to
• with America. The Spectator adds:
however, America had been par
zed with a European war, as seemed
a few hours possible during the
lezuelan dispute, Germany's oppor
ity would have arrived. The ques
tion of the possibility of permission to
acquire Cuba met with an angry nega
tive answer, leaving little doubt that
| Washington has been asked to con
! ciliate Germany with a share in the
Philippine Islands."
The Spectator concludes with remark
ing: "Emperor William's change of ob
j ject accounts for his non-success, while
j his efforts in different directions have
i aroused or are armißing the sleepless
! distrust of Great Britain, Russia and
! the United States."
The Times is publishing a series of
letters from Manila describing the
I American achievements there. Ks cor
respondent, referring to the American
volunteers, warmly praises their work,
but adds that there is no question that
'< the men now are most anxious to go
i home. He says: "Their brief experi-
I ence in actual warfare established a
i notable fact. It proved them courage-
I ous. decent, high-minded soldiers,
worthy of every confidence, and cheer
ful in all circumstances. If the laurels
they have gained are small in compari
son with those which rewarded the
I heroism of their comrades at Santiago,
they are none the less honorable, for
men rould not have endured more or
worked harder than they, or shown
more valor."
Under the heading, "Another Ameri
can Triumph," the newspapers point
out that Mr. I'nwkins. the new Finance
Minister of India, has an American
wife, who is a cousin of former Krrtms
sador Eustis, and they declare that
Mrs. Dawkins will be a great acquisi
tion to Calcutta and Simla society.
The Field this week devotes its lead
ing article to contrasting British and
American race riding, and for the first
time In its history It indorses some
thing American. The Field says:
"There was a time when Englishmen
thought themselves supreme in every
thing concerning the. horse, but that
idea is being very surely knocked in
the head, for American horses have
won some of our host races, and now
Sloan comes among us to show our
jockeys lie has a style apparently su
perior to theirs."
The Field characterizes as absurd
and unsportsmanlike the published
suggestion that owners should boycott
Sloan, as his victories are won by trick,
and asks what would Englishmen have
said If similar treatment had been
meted out to English Jockeys on Ameri
can racecourses. In conclusion the
Field remarks: "Not a single word was
ever brought up about unfairness in
Sloan's riding, and he is entitled to full
praise for his victories. It should be
equally unjust and ungenerous to
deny him full credit for what he has
accomplished, for It is not sportsman
like to attempt to explain away defeat."
MISSiONAKY WORK AT
HOME AND ABROAD
An Interesting Feature of the Report
to the Episcopal Council Relates
to New Territory.
WASHINGTON, Oct. S.— The triennial
report of the Board of Missions has been
submitted to the Episcopal Council. It
reviews the whole Held of mission work,
domestic and foreign. An interesting
feature is- a reference to Cuba, Porto
Rico, Hay-ail, etc., a» follows:
"It can only be positively stated at this
time that by reason of the action of Con
gress, approved by the President of the
United States, Hawaii has become United
States territory, as Porto Rico will be
come also such territory upon the con
clusion of the treaty of peace with Spain.
What will occur with regard to Cuba, the
Philippines and one or more of the La
drones it is premature to say. It is cer
tain, however, that the accession of terri
tory means increased missionary respon
sibility.
"Questions that may arise with regard
to Hawaii are different from those that
will come to the front with respect to
other localities. Since 1861 the English
church has been represented there By a
Bishop, a small staff of clergy, and by
one or more educational institutions in
Honolulu and elsewhere. The Bishop has
approached the board of managers more
than once fur assistance In this work.
but feeling inconsistent policy It has been
unwilling to enter when- the English
church had already undertaken work."
The financial statement on missions
shows gross receipts J77o.'.*»>G. <>f which the
contributions are $4< ! -. ."40 and legacies
j;<2.t;i"). Anmng the recent legacies are:
Estate of Miss Ann Tweddle, Albany, $15,
708; estat- of Miss Mary Medson, New
York. $40,100; estate of Miss Emily
Mathieu, Philadelphia, $10,000; estat.- of
Miss Laura Wiggins, Cincinnati, Jio.ooo;
estate nf Mrs. Mary G. Rand, Watkins,
N. V.. $13.1)00.
The house resumed consideration of the
amendments to the constitution, the pend
ing; proposition being the incorporation
into the constitution of the canonical pro
vision requiring the sanction of stand<:isr
committees of all dioceses to the election
ot Pishups.
Upv Spuulding of California opened to
day* difcusalon, resenting many of the.
arjn ments made against the change, and
m;l; it an earnest appeal for the incor
poration into the constitution.
Strong appeals in favor of adoption
were made by Rev. Morgan Dix of New
York, thf chairman of the revision com
mittee of the deputies, and others, and
the motion to stride out the amendment
of the committee was lost by an over
whelming viva voce vote.
An amendment offered by Rev. Dr.
Jewell of Milwaukee was adopted, chang
ing the phraseology of the section under
consideration to make the. language con
form to the canonical law. A number of
other amendments wore proposed, but all
were rejected, and then article II of the
constitution, as reported and amended,
was carried by an almost unanimous vote.
This article relates entirely to the seleel
tlon, ordination and jurisdiction of Bish
ops.
Article 111 of the new constitution was
adopted almost unanimously. It elim
inates the provision In the existing con
stitution which prohibits Bisnops of
churches in foreign lands from having a
sent in the House pf Bishops and making
them Ineligible to a diocesan office in the
United States. For the purpose of keep-
Ing fully alive to the missionary i.iter
ests it was determined by the Biiihope,
the deputies concurring, that tne country
he divided Into four divisions. In each ot
which there shall be held a mission:: ry
council every year. In which the general
trfennlal convention does not meet, in
stead of one general missionary council
In those years. Its personnel Is made up
of Bishops in the district and three elei
gyrm-n ;>nd three, members of thi laHy
from each diocese.
DEMOCRATS DISPLAY
LITTLE ENTHUSIASM
SAN RAFAEL. Oct. B.— A mass-mept
inK was held here to-night under the
auspices of the local Democratic Club, at
which Mayor James D. Phelan, William
Hinton and James V. Ooleman of San
Francisco were the speakers. Before the
meeting a torchlight procession took
place, participated in by nearly r>oo men
:itid boys. James W. Cochrane was chair
man of the evening. Very little enthu
siasm whs shown throughout the meet
ing. After the speaking a banquet was
served at the Cochrane-McNear Hall.
STRIKE SITUATION
IS NOW IMPROVING
PARIS, Oct^ B.— The situation is Im
proving to-day. Some of the strikers are
returning to work at the exposition
grounds and other places.
LONDON. Oct. B.— The Times' corre
spondent at Paris telegraphed to-day that
the striking laborers last night rejected
the municipal council's proposals look
ing to a settlement of the strike, and that
nearly all the unions and the men at
work upon the greater part of the build
ings In course or erection have decided to
Join in the strike.
RETURNING TO
THE PARTY FOLD
Silver Republicans Are
for Cage.
SITUATION IN LOS ANGELES
FUSION NOMINEE IS LOSING
VOTES DAILY.
Dr. W. M. Johnston, Who Voted
Against McKinley, Tells Why
He Is Back in the
Ranks.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. B.— The Silver
Republicans of this county are rapidly
nocking to the standard of Henry T.
Gage. In 1896 Los Angeles County cast
a large Silver Republican vote fur
Bryan. The club here claimed to have
on its roll 4000 names, and it is esti
mated that at least 3500 Silver Republi
cans did vote with the Democrats on
the Presidential issue. This vote was
partially offset by the 2500 gold Demo
crats who voted for McKlnley.
This year in Los Angeles County the
Hold Democrats are opposed to Ma
guire for the reason that he stands for
all the elements they voted against in
1896 and is running on a platform that
indorses the Chicago pronunciamento
of the Silver Democrats, made two
years ago by Altgeld and company.
On the other hand, half of the Silver
Republicans have returned to the
straight Republican party as far as the
State is concerned. Many of them will
vote for Gage and a mixed State ticket.
The sentiment of these Silver Repub
licans is ably set forth by Dr. W. M.
Johnston, who in IS;<6 and 1597 was one
of the most active Silver Republicans
in this city. He was one of the execu
tive committee of th- Silver Republi
can Club, and was prominent In the
club management.
In giving his reasons for supporting
Henry T. Gage for Governor Dr. Juhn
ston said:
"I have known Mr. Gage for a long
period, and I know him to be an hon
est, and, in every way, an honorable
man. He is fully competent to fill the
position of chief executive of the State
— this we all know. The story that the
Southern Pacific or any corporation or
individual can control his policy as
Governor of the State is all bosh. I
personally know of at least 200 Silver
l;> publicans who are going; to vote for
Gage, and a major portion of the Re
publican State ticket.
"I am convinced that the Silver Re
publican organization here could not
accomplish what it was organized for.
and I left it. I am now back in the
Republican party, where 1 belteve I
can accomplish more for the principles 1
believe in and for the good of the State
of California. With hundreds of for
mer Silver Republicans this same sen
timent exists.
INVENTOR MAXIM
ARRESTED FOR BIGAMY
Claims It Is an Attempt at Black
mail by Helen
Leighton.
NEW YORK. Oe%. B.— Hiram S. Maxim,
the inventor of rapid-fire guns, was ar
rested last night in Poughkeepsie. N. V.,
on warrants for bigamy and abandon
ment. He says that the whole thing i? a
blackmailing BCheme. Maxim said that
the woman causing him the trouble is
Helen Leijjhton. He said that fifteen
years ago he met the woman on the Bow
ery in this city. He said that he was then
living on Uni<m street in Brooklyn with
his wife and children. He stated that the
same kind of a suit was Instituted against
him In Philadelphia at that time. The
case, hfi said, was dismissed because the
Leigbton woman failed to appear in
court.
Mr. Maxim said thnt the Leighton
woman, after the Philadelphia episode,
appeared In London and sought him out
In his apartments. He said he had to
forcibly eject her. At Poughkeepsle. to
day Maxim ['leaded not guilty and was re
leased on $-000 bail to appear next Fri
day.
SAYS IT WAS MUEDER.
Ante-Mortem Statement Made by
Thomas Cook's Victim.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. S.— John Grisby.
the farmer who was shot twice yesterday
by Thomas Cook, died this afternoon, but
not before he had told the story of the
shooting. Grisby says that when he met
Cook in the road he told him he did not
want to tight as? he was not armed, but
Cook swore he would kill him any way
as he was the person who had cut his
(Cook's) wire fence. Then Cook began
tiring. A year nun Cook got into trouble
with his brother and both emptied their
pistols without effect.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
sX~k The imbecility of
/* \ <TVj some men is always
VVWy-vA inviting the embrace
jKS^A^fef^ of death. It is the
>*^^^^™Kj^ delight of such
R.^vfagSSiK||a men to boast of
r what "tough fel-
lows" they are.
rjl^^^^~P^Q^. and tell how they
/"v^t^fiKftjSbM overwork them-
\C t{ftt)/%r~**~^Wk. selves and how
T%lfc / 'rmP""^ l V jw th . cv neglect little
<PvJ '/?-sakv // iHSbcl isorders and
-J^^^^;// 2____ little illnesses
~>?»~ J?r~l I /\ people on their
\%Z//igo \ sound nice to
y>C *Q^ V, \ say so, but it is
a f act that the
Xclll^ '^ average man is
just that kind
of a boastful, cheerful idiot. If his head
aches, it isn't worth paying any attention
to : if he feels dull and drowsy during the
day, it isn't worth, serious consideration;
if he is troubled with sleeplessness at
night, he doses himself with opiates.
When he suffers from nervousness, he
walks into the nearest drug store and or-
ders powerful medicines that even a phys-
ician prescribes with care. He is a very
knowing fellow, but without knowing it,
he is hugging death. There is a wonder-
ful restorative tonic and health-builder
that will keep tire hardest working man
in good working shape; it is Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It is made of
pure native roots and barks. It contains
no minerals, no narcotics and no opiates.
It simply aids nature in the natural pro-
cesses of secretion and excretion. It tones
up • the stomach and facilitates the flow of
digestive juices. It makes a man " hungry
as a horse " and then sees to it that the
life-giving elements of the food he takes
are assimilated into the blood. It invigor-
ates the liver. It drives out all impurities
and disease germs from the system. It is
• • great bipod-maker and flesh-builder,
ii is the best of all nerve tonics. It cures
bronchial, throat and lung affections as
well.
" I had Indigestion mid a torpid liver," writes
Mrs. A. I. Gibbs. of Ruseellville, Logan County,
Ky., " Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
cured me."
If constipation is also present, Dr.
Pierces Pleasant^ Pellets should be taken.
They never fail; they never gripe. Drug-
gists sell both medicines.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
411 1I 1 -US ■
.4 small bunch, but a very select on,?, front, th% mW* suit
rooms, consisting of such high-class ideas as bh> fashion, leaders
in London, and Xew York are wearing to-day, such as the
heather mixtures, in pretty steel-gra't checks and the new
shades of brown. These garments arc cut in the Double-breasted
Sack fashion and are silk and satin faced io the buttonhole, the
very best quality of silk and satin used in the facings.
These are high-r. ass Suits, such as you would be willing at
any time to pay $20 for.
Then, of course, there's the new weave in the English Serge,
in the niiv shade of blui—a very bright shad" ; also the navy
blue; ail high- class garments, and also worthy of $20. For
such fashionable garments as these Monday we'll ask you to pay
Twelve Dollars.
£ £;Vm%
The new win-
tfC^S. , ; ter fashions in
ft * V House Coats,
J&*£,' • Smoking] Jaok-
/Ssfu£&»fejk- ets. and Loung-
Mm^^m, ' in £ K :ves f° r
#ter fashions in
House Coats,
Smoking Jack-
ets, and Loung-
ing JR bes for
you men folks
|l|^ || 3pl|p have arrived.
Have yoiv seen
Er jy^t - 'em yet?. They'
W .' A&C± . perfectly hand-
" /^** r some, and the
' ' treatment they
have received this year at the
hands of our tailors is entirety
different from jackets in past
sea-sons. •,, :■_ -i •..■;• . :
They are simply lovely , that's
all. They well merit a look
through. ' - : [' \ ■ '■'' ; -. - "
;rs>r 11 -13-15 KEARNY SIV
THE JIiISCO BOYS.
■ The Men's Overcoat rooms,
both on our second and fourth
floors, call your attention to
some Silk-lined Top Coats for
Men : lined with the very best
quality of silk, in the highest
grades of English Covert
Cloths; a . $50 coat to all ap-
pearances and purposes every
bit as good.
They're very smart coats, in
the box length and some long
ones, too. Or, if you like that
dressy kersey fabric, the shoul-
ders lined, with satin, sleeve
linings of satin, the body lining
of fine worsted. Why, here are
coats thit are perfect dreams —
blue, black or brown. Your
pick of any of 'cm — a- small
bunch, but an awfully select
one—at
Twelve Dollars.
The nation prides itself on
having a Ilobson, and the man-
ager of our Hat D'jpariment
prides himself on having the
Hobson Hat. which he calls the
American Hero Hat.
Our picture shows the new
Hat ; it's an entirely new shape ;
it's a very twill ship ; the re-
fined dresser will take to it.
Black, pearl, otter, cedar, and
also with contrast trimmings.
Just as fashionable as any ex-
clusive hat shop will show at
$2.50.
In. our big Hat Department
this hat will cost you
$1.35.
J^ out the
fsd prettiest thing
■jin for gentlemen's
-,-^WJs^ wear is the new
■ /Wri^^K Tatter sail Vest,
/ l \V^Mv/A which we pic-
Jl^I Y^ r wj^l ture opposite.
U3 ; ]|jfesE7 It's a swell af-
Vj /^//y fair in those
eCSsL r iFgp polka dot effects
«*&. / / \w in silk; a blue
' dot, a white dot,
a red dot; it's an ideal fitting
vest, a dressy vest ;■ in fact, you
would, be surprised the dressi*
ness it imparts to a man's make-
up. We are th* originators of
th* Tatter sail Vest. : !. . .
. You can possess one of these
very swell Silk Vests at
$5.00.
34
WHITE SPEAKS
IN FAVOR OF
JUDGE MAGUIRE
His Acts in Congress
Defended.
SECRETARY ALGER SCORED
RAILROAD QUESTION SAID TO
BE THE ISSUE.
Senator White Says That if the Peo
ple Are True to Themselves
They Will Elect tha
Democrats.
Metropolitan Hall was scarcely largo |
•nough to accommodate the audience that
od there iast night to hear Senator
Stephen M. White champion the candi
dacy of James >;. Maguire for Governor.
Senator White spoke for nearly two
hours, devoting the most of his time to •
the war w;;h Spain, and arguing that the |
railroad question is the main issue in the
present ( ampaign. The. meeting, which
was held under the auspices of the exec
utive committee of the Union campaign :
committee, was called to order by W. P.
Lawlor, who. after announcing that the
bullshead breakfast of the lroquois Club ,
advertised v. take place at San Leandro [
to-day had been pi stponed and that there j
would be a ratification meeting of the
Democratic municipal candidates in the
hail Tuesday evening, introduced Henry
C. Gesford as chairman of the evening.
Mr. Gesford spoke but briefly. He said ;
that never before since the close of the j
Civil War has there been less spirit of
partisanship and more spirit of patriotism
than during the past few months. "We j
are in a new era of politics," eaid he, I
"and while William J. Bryan went down
in defeat two years ago. a new era of
freedom dawned on the American Repub
lic. Although Bryan was defeated, the
principles he represented will never die.
The principles he represented are
represented to-day in that noble exponent
of Democracy, James G. Maguire. The
forces that were marshaled to defeat
Bryan are at present massed together to
defeat James G. Maguire. He is the foe
of monopolies and trusts and a friend of
the people and of the American Govern
ment. We owe it to ourselves and to the
State in which we live that we elect him
on the Bth day of November.
The Columbian quartet— consisting of
J. C. Flood, F. A. Griffing, J. C. O'DonrWl
and S. J. Daly— rendered several cam
paign selections in an acceptable manner,
and were repeatedly eneored^
K. L. Hutchison of Loa ILngeles, the
Populist, Democratic, Silver Republican
candidate for Lieutenant Governor,
then introduced. He followed the ex
ample of Chairman Gesford and content
ed himself with a five-minute talk. "I
did not come here to-night to make a
speech," paid he, "and I know that you
didn't come her.- to listen to me. I will
briefly tell you that 1 have traveled the
entire southern portion of the State with
Judge Maguire, and the enthusiasm he
hae aroused is simply marvelous. The
papers of the opposition tell you that
there was no enthusiasm at any of his
meetings. That is untrue. Why, at San
Diego fully 7000 people gathered in the
plaza to hear him."
Mr. Hutchison then predicted the elec
tion of Congressman Maguire. "This is
an important fight," said he, "and the
people will win it. The Governorship of
California is the most important Gover
norship in those United States. Why?
Because out Legislature only meets four
months out of every four years, and it
is necessary to have an experienced man
at the helm to handle the important mat
ters that necessarily come up between
sessions of the Legislature. Henry T.
Gage is inexperienced in affairs of State,
while Congressman Maguire, from his
long experience in public life, is thor
oughly conversant with them."
When Senator White was introduced as
the speaker of the evening the audience
rose and cheered, while the band played
"He's a Jolly uood Fello 1^." It was .sev
eral minutes before Mr. White was able
to proceed. He prefaced his remarks by
saying that he Intended dealing with the
issues of the campaign in a plain,
straightforward way, and without indulg
ing in any flights of oratory. "I care lit
tle for rnetoric," said he, "but I want to
make himself thoroughly understood.
This is a Democratic assemblage, and we
are to solve and render to the people a
true statement of the condition of affairs.
I am here as a uemocrat, commissioned
by my party to perform the solemn duty
of enlightening the people of this great
commonwealth on the issues of the time.
I am here to show every free born and
independent man that he should support
in this campaign the ticket headed by
James G. Maguire. I do not intend in
dulging in any personalities, but I will en
deavor to prove to you that you cannot
consistently support the Republican
ticket.
"Judgre Lawlor advertised that I was to
answer the arguments of General Barnes
and Henry T. Gage. That has placed me
in a nice position; for I have never
learned that during the - present cam
paign they have Indulged in any argu
ments. (Laughter.) I have read and re
read their printed speeches in the hope
of finding at s. — time during the can
vass they had advanced an argument, but
I failed.
"Now both gentlemen are able lawyers
and dangerous in the forum, but in this
campaign they are not in the least dan
gerous. I have read their speeches in
The Call and Chronicle— and, by the way,
let me see; Isn't the Chronicle running
for Governor or Senator? (Laughter.).
"You see I've been away from here two
weeks and I wasn't just certain what the
Chronicle was runing for. But that
do< sn't make any difference or bear on
what lam here to say. I see that Gage
and Barnes have been announcing 'We
Republicans declared the war, we rescued
the Philippine? and we took Cuba away
from the Spaniards.' That is the whole
cry. It is true we had a war with Spain
and won it. Was it the Republican party
that won the victory. A thousand times
no. The war was won by the true
Americans. Who was it that first shed
blood on the Wtnslow? They were Amer
icans. They did not belong to any po
litical party. They belonged to the en
tire American people. But do not let
us bring them and their valiant deeds
into this political controversy."
Senator White then paid a glowing trib
ute to the Seventh California Regiment
encamped at the Presidio. He said that
the members were all disappointed at be
ing unable to go to the front and, also, at
the treatment they received. "One of
th.-m told me," said the speaker, "that
they were digging a trench. They had
only gone down three feet when they
came across the decomposed body of a
Chinaman. Was that a fit camping place
for as brave a body of men as ever
donned a uniform?"
Senator White next devoted considerable
time to the miserable sanitary condition
of the camp grounds, and said that ty
phoid fever had caused more havoc in the
ranks than the Spanish bullets. He
charged the awful death rate to the stu
pidity of General Alger, Secretary of War.
"McKinley cannot be held responsible,"
said "White "unless it be for not kicking
Alger out of the Cabinet."
White then denied the charge made that
he and Congressman Maguire had refused
to vote to give the Government money to
curry on the war. "I confess that I pre
fer peace to war," said he, "for strife,
has never done much for the struggling,
toiling masses of humanity.
"The gentleman who says that Judge Ma
guire and myself did not support the Gov
ernment is — well is not a student In the
avocation of telling the truth. We did
not vote against a war tariff, but we
did vote against having the entire taxa
tion placed on the shoulders of the weak,
the lowly, the poor and overtaxed people
of the country. We claimed that the tax
should be so distributed that the burden
would be equally borne, instead of raising
nearly 50 per cent of it l.y taxation on
those luxuries, tobacco and beer.
"Why didn't they tax the champagne of
the rich man? It was only after a hard
fight that we managed to get a tax placed
on the oil companies, the sugar trusts
and the Pullman Palace Car Company.
We never opposed giving the President all
the money he required to conduct the
campaign, but we were opposed to the
Republican party's manner of raising it.
The war tariff was made in the interests
of the trusts. The Republican party
sought to make the poor pay all the tax.
Was that right? Why should not the cor
porations pay something to support the
war? The war happily is now over, but
the Republican party has no right to
claim the honor of the victory. That
honor belongs to our American soldiers
and sailors."'
In conclusion Senator White said the
question of the day Ik "Can the people
run this State without asking the per
mission of the Southern Pacific Com
pany?" The Republicans tell us that the
railroad is not an issue of the campaign.
It is an issue, and the real issue. In an
indirect v/ay the men on the Republican
State ticket are the serfs of the rail
road, for not one of them would have ob
tained a place on the ticket unless the
railroad wanted him there. They are be
ing supported by the railroad. I don't
mean to say that they are the slaves of
the railroad, but I do Challenge them to
dispute me when I say the railroad Is sup
porting every cancL^ate on the Republi
can ticket. I do not, nor would I wish
to do, the railroad company an Injustice
or an injury, but I do object to it run
ning the politics of the State of Califor
nia. Under these circumstanced will you
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBETt 9, 1898.
allow the railroad to throw down the
man who has for so many years hon
estly and fearlessly championed your
cause? Will you allow him to be defeat
ed at the behest of the money kings, the
trusts and corporations? If you do, then
you are not worth living."
TICKET REFUSED FILING
UNITED LABOR PARTY TURNED
OUT BY THE REGISTRAR.
Mayor Phelan Headed the Candidates
That Sought a Place on the
Official Ballot.
Registrar Biggy yesterday refused to
file the ticket of the United Labor party.
His reasons for such action are set forth
In the following letter addressed to James
Bmiley, chairman of the United Labor
party:
"Dear Sir: The certificate of nomina
tion of the United Labor party handed to
me by you Is refused filing upon the fol
lowing grounds:
"First— lt is not signed by electors equal
in number to 3 per cent of the entire vote
cast In the city and county of San Fran
cisco at the lust general election.
"Second— The candidates upon said
ticket have not offered for tiling the
names of five persons citizens and elec
tors of the State, together with their
written acceptance and consent to act as
an auditing committee, as required by
law.
"Third— The affidavits attached to the
riuminating papers are not in the form
provided by section 1188, Political Code.
"Fourth— The nomination papers or cer
tificates are not subscribed and sworn to
by one of the signers of each such paper,
as required by law.
"Fifth— Two-thirds of the purported sig
natures are not upon me register of vot
ers and appear to be forgeries, and hun
dreds of names thereto have no addreas
or the address is indefinite. Respectfully,
"W, J. BIGGY. Registrar of Voters."
James D. Phelan was tiie nominee of the
United Labor party for Mayor.
In reference to recent orders regarding
election booths, Registrar Biggy has ad
dressed the following comunication to this
paper:
"Editor Call: By an order of the Board
of Election Commissioners, I am directed
to have cleaned and painted the election
houses and to enforce the law. wnicn
makes it a misdemeanor to use election
booths for advertising purposes.
"I shall take all necessary means to crnn
plv with the law and the ordinances reg
ulating the same, and shall prosecute
each and every violation thereof.
"All houses, when erected, will be
cleaned and painted as directed. Ple-ase
call the attention of the public to the law
prohibiting bill posting or sticking up ol
cards on the efectton houses Hespect
fnllv W. J. BIGUI .
>f "Registrar of Voters."
T. C. SPELLING'S FIGHT.
The Supreme Court Will Pass Upon
His Congressional Nomination.
The petition of T. C. Spelling, who
wants to be elected to represent the
Fourth Congressional District, was ar
gued yesterday before the Justices of the
Supreme Court. His petition was to com
pel Secretary of State Brown to place his
name on the. Democratic ticket and to re
mnve the name of James H. Harry there
from. His contention was that be was
the regular Democratic nominee for Con
gress in that district and was entitled to
the party name. In his argument before
the court he admitted that he was not
nominated by the convention that was
held in Sacramento, but for al! that he
did receive his nomination for Congress
at the hands of a legally constituted con
vention of and in the district.
Secretary of State Brown was repre
sented by'E. S. Van Meter, who argued
that Spelling's nomination was by an il
legal body of men who had no connec
tion with "the Democratic party and cpn
sequently their action was illegal, with
out authority and invalid. This was es
tablished, he contended, by the fact that
th<- body of men who nominated Spelling
had not been call-d together by the Dem
ocratic State Central Committee, nor rec
■■■■■] by the State convention, and no
convention could be legally held without
the recognition of either at these bodies.
The matter was taken under advisement
by the Supreme Court.
GAGE AND PRESTON.
San Joaquin Valley Tour Opens With
a Meeting at Bakersfield To-
Morrow Night.
Henry T. Gage. Republican nominee
for Governor, accompanied by Hon. E. F.
Preston, will leave San Francisco to-day
for the San Joaquin Valley. They will
address a Kern County mass-meeting at
Bakersfield to-morrow evening. The ap
pointments for the remainder of the week
are: Tuesday evening. Visalia; Wednes
day afternoon, Lemoore; Wednesday
evening, Jlanford; Thursday evening,
Fresno; and Friday evening, Merced.
The Maguireites claim that their great
stronghold in this campaign is the San
Joaquin Valley, but the reports from that
region of the State indicate that the Re
publicans are active, enthusiastic and
confident.
The Chamber in Politics.
The Chamber of Commerce is likely to
take a hand in the coming campaign, at
least in one matter. Yesterday its officers
sent to all of the candidates in every Con
gressional district, without regard to
party, a letter asking their position on the
construction of the Nicaragua canal. The
letter concludes: "The Chamber of Com
merce of San Francisco has long and
earnestly labored that this great work
may be accomplished. It is not necessary
for us here to present the valuable feat
ures of this enterprise, already well
known to you; but we would be greatiy
obliged if, at your earliest convenience,
you will kindly present us with your
views upon this subject, so important to
our country and coast."
The members of the chamber have la
bored long and earnestly in the cause of
the canal, and the letter means that if the
answers of any are not satisfactory, or if
not answered at all, preference will be
given to those who are known to ue
friends of the project.
William A. Deane Club.
A large meeting of the friends of Wil
liam A. Deane, Republican nominee for
County Clerk, was held last night, at
which it w^s unanimously resolved to
form a William A. Deane Club. The
greatest enthusiasm prevailed and all
present decided to canvass the city thor
oughly for their popular candidate. The
following temporary officers were elected:
President A. Fuhrman; vice-president,
Edward H. Kelly; recording secretary, P.
M McGushin; financial secretary, J. C.
Kortick; treasurer. Charles F. Kepp. The
next meeting of the club will be held at
Becker Hall, 14 Third street on Tuesday
evening next., when permanent officers
will be elected and to which all friends of
the popular candidate are cordially invit
ed to attend.
A Henry S. Martin Club.
The friends of Henry S. Martin, Repub
lican candidate for Sheriff, organized last
night to advance his interests. James
Snook was elected chairman and David
Oliver, secretary. The following commit
tee of seven will direct the work of the
club: D. Desmond, B. St. Julian, William
Barton, W. F. Bosha. T. H. Collins. W.
H. Hazell and C. H. Stanyan. An addi
tional committee of five will be appointed
in each Assembly district.
District Maguire Club.
The Twenty-ninth District Maguire
Club held a large and enthusiastic meet
ing last night at Becker's Hall, 14 Third
street. The meeting was addressed by
James H. Barry, John P. Dunn, John H.
Marble, Judge E. P. Mogan, T. F. Bon
net, M. Gretn blatt, George H. Cabaniss,
Bernard Bienfield, Stephen Nolan and J.
F. Hanlon.
GOOD TEMPLARS.
The Thirty-Ninth Annual Session
Will Be Held in This City
Next Tuesday.
The Grand Lodge of the Independent
Order of Good Templars will convene in
its- thirty-ninth annual session in the
Howard street M. E. Church in this city
on Tueßday morning next at 10 o'clock.
The officers of the grand body are: El
der J. W. Webb, P. G. C. T.; Theodore D.
Kanouse, G. C. T.; F. E. Coulter, G. C;
Miss Ida Tully. G. V. T. ;W. P. Netherton,
G. 8.; Volney Taylor, G. T.; Mrs. E. M.
North, G. S. J. T.; Captain Amos Wright,
S. A., Q. C; E. D. Gripper, G. M.; E. M.
MAGUIRE AND FUSION
STRONGLY DENOUNCED
The State Executive Committee of the middle-of-the-road Populists, who
repudiated James G. Maguire and fusion at Sacramento, met in conference
yesterday afternoon with several other well-known members of the party.
When they withdrew from the fusion convention and selected T. W. H.
Shanahan as their standard bearer and nominated a full State ticket. It
was in the firm belief that the courts would decide that they were entitled
to the Populist party designation on the ballots. The Supreme Court de
cided, however, in favor of the fuslonlsts, and the middle-of-the-road
men withdrew from the field. They made a gallant fight to save the
party name and when the adverse decision was filed there remained noth
ing- for them to do but wind up their affairs and adjourn. Nothing would
have been accomplished by going on the ballot by petition and the fight
was to save the party name, but it failed.
The conference was called to order yesterday afternoon by Douglas
T. Fowler, chairman of the convention that nominated Shanahan, and
Carleton H. Johnson, secretary of the executive committee, was at his
post. After going over the situation, and discussing the party treachery
of those who aided in the fusion deal the committee drew up the following
address and then adjourned sine die.
To the Straight People's Party Voters of California: We desire to submit the
following as a report of the executive committee of the reorganized State Central
Committee as created by the convention of delegates who withdrew from the fusion
State convention at Sacramento and on July 14, 1898, nominated T. W. H. Shanahan
fcr Governor and a straight People's party ticket in opposition to J. G. Magulre and
the fusion People's party ticket. Through the chairman and secretary of our State
convention a certificate of nomination of the various candidates nominated was pre
sented to Secretary of State L. H. Brown on September 10. IS9S. At the same time
a certificate was presented by the fusion Populists. After deliberation the Secretary of
State on September 14 decided that In his opinion the straight People's party con
vention was the truly representative convention and accepted our ticket and filed the
same and rejected the fusion ticket as a pretended People's party ticket and not en
titled to receive the party designation.
The fuefonlsta appealed to the Supreme Court and the case was argued before that
body on September 20. with Thomas V. Cator as counsel for your committee and the
Secretary of State. On September 30 the court handed down a decision reversing
the ruling of the Secretary of State, ordering him to strike the straight People's
party ticket from the file and to file the fuslnn tirket In Its stead in the name of
the People's party. The court held that the fusion convention was the regular con
vention, and that Its identity was not destroyed by the withdrawal of the minority.
The court says in pnrt:
"The fact— lf it be a fact— that some or all of the delegates who remained were
violating pledges or sacrificing party Interests in nominating Judge Mosul re and
adopting the plan of fusion aforesaid presents a question with which neither the Sec
retary of State nor the court has the slightest concern. That ie a matter to be settled
between them and their constituents. Delegates to political conventions are no doubt
trustees in a large sense of the word, but they discharge a trust with which the
courts do not meddle."'
The circulation of a petition for the placing of our ticket on the ballot was not
considered by your committee, as no such action was contemplated by the straight
People'e party State convention. We considered that we were delegated to make an
effort to secure the People's party designation, and, being unsuccessful, nothing fur
ther was to be done. The People's party State organization is in the hands of the
fusionists, and the same Is true in most of the counties. In addition the present
fusion agreement made at the Democratic State convention and signed by the com
mittees of the three parties binds the Populists to another fusion in 1900. Under the
existing laws affecting political parties a violation of a political trust cannot be en
forced by the courts and the only way in which the members of a party can punish
desertion or abandonment of the party or party treason is by defeating It at the bal
lot box. It Is evident that there is no remedy against fusions other than to defeat
them. Having done all In our power t«> preserve the party we find that we have
gained the respect of all fair-minded men In all parties whose respect is worth hav
ing, and as under the present laws we ar? deprived by the fusion managers from
having a People's party ticket, all those who are opposed to fusions and believe
they ought to be defeated will judge for themselves how to cast their votes most
effectually to secure that end.
In conclusion we urgre that all whn believe In our immortal principles stand by
their convictions until their final establishment.
By order of the executive committee. DOUGLAS T. FOWLER, Chairman.
CARLETON H. JOHNSON, Secretary.
After the conference adjourned, L. H. Chester, chairman of the local
county committee of the middle-of-the-road men, expressed himself fully
and unqualifiedly concerning the fusion deal. "We worked hard and faith
fully," said he, "to build up the Populist party and make it a reform or
ganization. All our work is now undone, for fusion was never contem
plated by those who entered the party with sincere motives. There is one
remedy, however, and that is the ballot. If the straight Populists will
only rem;iin true to themselves they will work hard and earnestly to de
feat the f unionists. I, for one. Intend starting my ballot with the name of
Henry T. Gage and going down the whole line, stamping optwsite the name
of every Republican candidate. In 1596 over 21,000 Populists, who were op
posed to fusion, voted against the Bryan fusion electors. I am convinced
that fully 90 per cent of that 21,000 will cast their ballot next election day
for Gage and the entire Republican ticket."
Wilson, G. M.; Llla I.ocke. G. ,G.; James
A. Eddy., G. S.; Belt. R. Baldind, G. A. S.;
Mrs. H. S. Hubbard, G. D. M. f
The first day there will be the regular
routine <>f business, and in the evening
a reception under the auspices of the dis
trict lodge of this city, Alameda and So
lano counties. The reception will be a
public one. Professor William Crowhurst
is the chairman of the reception commit
tee. The Mayor is announced to deliver
an address of welcome, and there will be
addresses by Niles Searls, Dorcas J.
Spencer, Professor Knowlton, Mrs. Be
linda Bailey and Rev. John A. B. Wilson.
The responses will be by T. D. Kanouae,
(i. r. T., of California; J. M. Walling, P.
O C T • Rev. Thomas F. Burnham,
Mrs. E. M. North and G. D. Kellogg, P.
O C 1C 1 T
On 'Wednesday evening there will be the
educational course, when an interesting
programme will be presented. On Thurs
day the grand officers for the ensuing
term will be elected, and the next place
of meeting will be chosen. At the close
of the session there will be the Grand
Lodge dinner.
The committee having charge of the
session has issued a handsome souvenir
programme, illustrated with many half
tone views of the principal objects of the
city.
LIEUT. DAVIS
TO WED AGAIN
Lieutenant Milton Fenimore Davis, ex
husband of pretty Blanche Bates, leading
lady of the Frawley company, is to wed
again.
The young lady who this time has cap
tured the heart of the brave, young offi
cer Is Miss Bessie Aitken Hall, daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. Ford Poulton Hall. The
wedding has been set for Saturday even
in" October 15, and will be solemnized at
Highland Park, Illinois, at the home of
Mr and Mrs. Charles Mills Green, who, on
the same evening, will celebrate the wed
ding of their daughter. Miss Alice Apple
ton Gre<>n and Lieutenant Thomas \\ in
field Winston, First United States Artil-
Lieutenant Davis was married to the
leading lady of the Frawley company sev
eral years ago. The couple lived together
but a short while, and a divorce speedily
followed. After the separation Blanche
Bates returned to the stage, which she
had left upon her marriage, and quickly
made her way to the front of her chosen
profession. *-•!.**.
Lieutenant Davis was stationed at the
Presidio up to the time of the declaration
of war when he was ordered with his
regiment, the First United States Caval
ry-, to the front.
Invitations to the popular young sol
dier's wedding were received yesterday by
his friends in this city.
.■ » ■
F. W. DOHRMANN HOME.
F. W. Dohrmann, president of the Mer
chants' Association, has returned to this
city after a tour lasting about eight
months in Europe. During his absence
Mr Dohrmann has visited alj>m the prin
cipal cities of the East aitfi across the
water. One of the objects of his trip was
to observe and make a study of the
municipal conditions of the cities of other
Another matter to which the local mer
chant has paid not a little attention was
the colleges of commerce, the desire be
ing to assist in the establishing and en
larging on the commercial branch recent
ly added to the California State institu
tion of learning. The Berkeley College
of Commerce is to a great extent in
debted to the Merchants' Association for
its existence, as this branch of learning
has for years been one of Mr. Dohrmann's
hobbies, hence his interest in similar es
tablishments elsewhere.
On the subject of municipal improve
ments the traveler is not yet ready to
talk, as he proposes to make known his
views through the association over which
he presides. He would not even make
comparisons, although he admitted that
San Francisco will stand many improve
ments and be none the worse for them.
Mr. Dohrmann will deliver an interesting
address next Wednesday evening at the
annual dinner of the association.
A SOLDIER AND HIS KNIFE.
For carrying a knife of unusual dimen
sions and trying to use it on a Hyde-street
car conductor, H. H. Whittßom, of the
Seventh California Regiment, i» now un
der arrest.
Whittsom objected to paying his fare,
and Conductor Berger gave him the al
ternative of getting off the car. Then it
was that Whittsom drew his knife, and
he would have done damage but the grip
man came to his partner's assistance and
the man was taken in custody.
ARE AFRAID LEES
IS A KIDNAPER
MRS. BOTKIN'S CASE AGAIN BE
FORE THE COURT.
George A. Knight Accuses the Chief
of Threatening to Spirit His
Client Out of the State.
George A. Knight is fearful that unless
some disposition is made of »the habeas
corpus proceedings in the case of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin she will be spirited away
by the overzealous Chief^of Police, Isaiah
Lees. The woman charged with the mur
der of Mrs. John P. Dunning and Mrs.
Deane appeared in court yesterday morn
ing, accompanied by her counsel, and a
lively half-hour session followed. Knight
addressed the court and stated that he
did not propose that any further delay
should take place in the matter of the
habeas corpus proceedings.' and demand
ed that the writ be returned immediately
for the court's decision. Judge Cook
failed to view the matter in the same
light, and stated that he would be ready
and willing to take the case up im
mediately after the Governor issues the
warrant for Mrs. Botkins extradition.
This did not please Knight. He said
unless the court made some protective
order Lees might take the law in his own
hands and spirit his client out of
the way. "What is there to prevent L< ea
from kidnaping Mrs. Botkin and spirit
ing her out of the way?" said Knight. It
is understood that he has openly boasted
to Gc vernor Budd that he was willing
to take the risk; that it merely involved
a fine of $500 and imprisonment in the
Oounty Jail for five days in the event of
conviction for contempt of court, and he
thought he could 'stand that.' On thia
statement Judge Cook made an or
der holding Mrs. Botkin in custody until
Tuesday next. By that time it 1b ex
pected that the Governor's warrant will
nave arrived and the way made clear for
the consideration of the writ of habeas
corpus.
Lees was present in court when Knight
intimated that he (Lees) might walk out
of the State with his client, and he took
exception to the remark. Lees said it
was true that he had made the remark
attributed to him, but it was only made
to a counter threat made by Knight that
there were fifty-two counties in the State
and that Lees would be hauled before
the court in each and every one before
he would be allowed to extradite Mrs.
Botkin on any warrant from Governor
Budd or legal paper whatsoever.
Governor Budd will issue a warrant on
the requisition of the Governor of Dela
ware for the arrest and transferrence to
that State of Mrs. Botkin. charged with
murdering Mrs. Dunning and Mrs. Deane
by means of poisoned candy sent to them
through the mail. Yesterday the
Governor caused the warrant for the ar
rest of Mrs. Botkin to be filled out, after
which Secretary of State Brown affixed
his signature to it. The Governor, how
ever, did not affix his signature to the
document, but he will do so as soon as
he considers that the proper time has
arrived.
PHILADELPHIA REACHES PORT.
Admiral Miller Returns After Rais
ing the Flag Over the Islands.
The United States cruiser Philadelphia
reached this port from Honolulu late
last evening and anchored in the stream.
Admiral Miller raised the flag over the
islands and returned on the Philadelphia,
which is his flagship. A number of the
marines on the cruiser are San Francisco
boys, and their home coming will be a
source of great rejoicing to many moth
ers in this city.
While on a trial cruise out of Honolulu
fire was discovered in the bunkers of the
Philadelphia. It was extinguished be
fore any damage was done.
CORBETT AND SHARKEY.
Harry Corbett Received Word That
Jim Will Fight the Sailor in
New York.
Harry Corbett is now of the opinion
that his brother James will not Journey
to this coast for the purpose of meeting
Jim Jeffries of Los Angeles. Yesterday
Harry received a telegram from the ex
champion heavyweight pugilist as fol
lows: "Never mind Jeffries; will meet
Sharkey here."
Brother Harry believes that Jim has an
idea that he can realize more money in
the East by meeting Sharkey than he can
ADVERTISEMENTS.
> o o o o'o"o 00000000 oo 000000000000000^ 1
EXTRAORDINARY VALUES
• FOR THIS WEEK!
Every Item a Special Leader!
Comforters—
ci r A Each — 20 cases just ar " '<
OilvU rived — Full Size Comfort- !
ers, siikoiine covered, in new
patterns, filled with pure white
cotton wool, knotted. Special
bargain at $1.50. /
01 Qr Each — 15 cases of Extra
01 1 00 Size Comforters, silkoline
covered, in new designs, tilled
; with fine white cotton wool, knot-
ted. Regular value $2.50. .
QCp, Each — 5 cases of White i
tJUU Honeycomb Bed-Spreads for . j
full-size beds, already hemmed \
and ready for use. Regular
value $125.
co nn Dozen — 100 dozen Full
v/IUU 3-4 Napkins, pure linen,
in choice patterns, extra heavy
quality. Actual value $2.75.
ft ft ftrt Dozen — 100 dozen Extra
\])ZiUU Quality Linen Huck
Towels, good large size. Extra |
value at $2.75 dozen.
lingston
by figMing Jeffries in this city, but the
consensus of opinion here among 1 the lead
ing: sports is that the authorities of any
of the Eastern citi«s will not tolerate a
contest between Corbett and Sharkey,
consequently they contend that if James
is really anxious to engage in a battle
with the husky sailor he should consult
with the National Club of this city, which
organization has already offv-n-d $15,000 for
a pleasure bout of this kind.
Corbett knows only too well that he will
have a very hard time to arrange matters
with the police authorities of New York
so they will permit a fifteen or a twenty
round contest between the clever James
ijt TflP uMitWOICT ' t'_JJl' "*^-i -' ■ r st^WF Lh ''*■ ' ■ v .' -' .'<XT''' ■ iV. ■• IT !)!".» " *
HUDYAN is the greatest remedio-treatment that has ever
been produced by any combination of physicians. It cures
prematurity. The HUDYAN remedio-treatment cures the dis-
eases and disabilities of men. It is a remedio-treatment for ■
men only. It cures nervous weakness, spermatorrhoea, losses
and pimples. HUDYAN cures depression of spirits, bashfulness, ?v
inability to look frankly into the eyes of another. ... hUDYAN
cures headache, dimness of .sight, weak memory, loss of voice.
HUDYAN cures stunted growth, dyspepsia, constipation. HUD-
YAN cures weakness or pains in the small of the back, loss of
muscular power, gloomy, melancholy forebodings. HUDYAN
can be had from the doctors of the HUDSON MEDICAL
INSTITUTE, and from no one else. You nee.d HUDYAN when
the facial. nerves twitch, as there is certain to be an irritation at
their centers in the brain. You need HUDYAN when there is a ,
decline of the nerve force, because this, decline shows a lack of
nerve life, which may develop into nervous debility and then
possibly into nervous prostration. If you have harassed your
nerves, if you have knotted or gnarled them, if you have abused
your nerves, the best thing for you to get is HUDYAN. You
can get HUDYAN only frc/n us. HUDYAN cures varicocele,
hydrocele, dizziness, falling sensations, despair, sorrow and;
misery. Consult the HUDSON doctors about HUDYAN in
:' their offices — they occupy a building of thirty rooms— or write
for circulars and testimonials of the great HUDYAN. Call for
information or write for circulars and testimodials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets,
SAIN FRANCISCO, CflL.
Wrapper
F!aimelettes===
7{ 200 pieces of Choice, Printed
I 2u Wrapper Flannelettes, new de-
signs, fleece back. On special
sale at 7i^c.
ft-r fl Yard —60 pieces of Saxony
/njj Eiderdown in new designs and
colorings ; just the kind for
warm wrappers. At 25c yard.
fif% n Yard loo pieces of new, all-
Uy [J wool, German Wrapper Flan-
nels in Stripes, P.aids and
Checks ; new styles and colorings.
Special at 40c yard.
Sheets and
Pi!low=Cases.
All Sheets and Pillow-Cases are made
of good quality muslin, made with a 2-
inch hem, dry laundered, torn by hand
and ready for use.
SPECIAL! SPECIAL I
SHEETS—
Hemmed. Hemitite&ed.
63x90 37 x 52^c
7^x9o 42'^c 55c
81x90 47£* c 57^c
90x90 55c 65c
F»ILLO\A/ CASES—
Hemmed. Hemstitched.
45x38 12^c I7 l
50x.58 1^ .:..Isc 2Oc
54x38^ 16% c 22«»
and the rough going sailor. "Why he has
refused a rattling good offer from the
Nationals of this city is a puzzle to the
leading sportsmen here. In fact they are
of the opinion that Corbett is not looking
for "a soft thing:."
Balloon Ascension.
The first balloon ascension an<s para
chute drop of the season will take place
at the Chutes this afternoon. There are
no high winds blowing at present, and
the aeronaut, C. W. Vosmer, expects to
attain a great height. He will leave the
ground hanging by his teeth.CONGRESSMAN E. F. LOUD
SCORES JUDGE MAGUIRE
The Unflattering Washington Record of the
Pinto Nominee for Governor
Laid Bare.
A Great Concourse of Voters Assembled at Odd Fellows'
Hall Last Evening to Listen to the Ora
torical Efforts of Republican
Statesmen.
Fifteen hundred people listened last
rlpht with an attention that wa' taken
only by round upon round of applause
as each telling point was developed to
the undoing of James Gallagher Maguire
by Congressman Eugene F. Loud, who
has. since the Fifty-second Session, so
ably represented the Fifth District and
the State in Congress.
With the skill of a surgeon the speaker
cut away the beauty skin of the three
pronged fusioniet's record and laid it
quivering and unlovely in the sight of
his hearers; with all the force of hard
Anglo-Saxon he stripped the facts of Ma-
grulre's Congressional career of the floss
of fine verbiage and uncorroborated state
ment that the "people's nominee" and his
adherents have woven round them, and
grave to the laughter of his audience the
CONGRESSMAN EUGENE F. LOUD.
puny skeleton of truth that survived the
operation.
"With Maguire's Congressional record
many well-informed speakers have al
ready dealt, but not until L,oud. who has
been associated with him through all his
Washington career, took the rostrutn last
evening was the story clearly and con
nectedly told. So little remains of the
blacksmith's badly memorized story that
the remains cannot be identified.
The speaker of the evening was intro
duced by Irving M. Bcott in one of that
gentleman's characteristic speeches* Af
ter summing up the public life of Mr.
Loud and paying him many pretty com
pliments he referred to him as a ma.i
■who, he was sure, "had no relatives in
either Delaware or Jersey and had never
been known to advocate a tax theory of
any description."
Three hearty cheers greeted Mr. Loud
wh«-n he threw aside his coat and bowed
himself pleasantly into the k<»><l graces of
•■ ■ people to whom he was to speak. "I
am gratified," he raid, "at this welcome,
not alone because it pleases mo person
ally, but it is an echo of the goodwill that
Is bei.n« shouted in and about every Re
publican gathering in the State to-niath>.
"When Mr. Maguire returned to Cali
fornia !"r..m Washington he at once began
to abuse my colleague, Mr. Barham. Ha
alleged that he hud been recreant to his
trust in not voting for what Mr. Magulre
wi a pleased to call a funding bill, and
charged him v.-ith about everything «lso
that sounded well to Maguire through the
newspa] ers. He also charged me with
the same crimes In the political category
and, until to-day, I have attempted no
explanation.
"He said that some day I might explain—
I Bhall, and I shall find no need for sac
rificing truth even to the ends of politic*.
(.Applause.,)
"If Maguire had told the whole truth—
and he knew he did not— he would nave
told you that In Congress we have, for the
betterment of our work, a system known
there as pairing. That Is, we find some
other man of our. politics aud belief and
strike up a partnership with him. If- I
should leave my 'pair' represents me on
the floor and my interests do not suffer.
When the funding bill, bo called, came up
my 'pair,' Congressman Richardson of
Tennessee, had been called home by the
serious sickness of a relative, and I stood
In his place upon the floor of the House,
and for him I was obliged to vote, and
not for myself. I think that disposes of
that proposition.
"Mr. Maguire Is pleased to call this
amendment to deficiency bill a 'funding
bill.' It ■was draughted to suit th« times
by the biggest and brainiest men of Con
' gress, and had he wanted to Maguire
could have killed It In Its conception by
a Pimple objection and In this way: When
the- bill was being prepared Senator White
asked me one morning to tell Magulre to
come over and fix it up with the rest of
the committee. I told Maguire and he
went, and all that was necessary to de
feat it then was an objection from him.
"Why didn't he make it? I don't know,
unless he saw himself slipping from the
hobby horse on which he had ridden into
six years of prominence.
"When that bill came on th* floor Sen
ator White, who Is head and shoulders
above every other California Democrat
In Washington, voted for it, as did every
one of the eighty-nine Senators with him.
"Must we assume that all of the vested
virtue and brains In Congress are pos
sessed by Maguire?
"Maguire has had the credit out here
in California of having defeated every
funding bill that has come up since 1892.
In Congress each Representative Is al
lowed to speak for Just five minutes on
measures under consideration, and it Is
the custom for each side to select the
man who can most clearly and concisely
and without bias present the case.
When the so called Reilly refunding bill
came up in 1892 they thought so much of
Magoiire that he s#oke for just five min
utes. And, gentlemen, In that five min
utes Mr. Maguire defeated the funding
bill.
"In 1894 the Powers funding measure
came up, and upon its first consideration
Maguire was offered another five minutes.
He reserved It for the debate, when he
had five minutes more. An<l, gentlemen,
in those ten minutes Mr. Maguire defeat
ed the Powers bill.
"This last bill he could have defeated
at the start, but in committee there are
no newspaper men, so he waited till he
had the floor. Then, by hin vote, he
alleged possession of more brains than
Steve White and almost all the rest of
California's representation.
"In a recent ispue of the Examiner Ma
guire refers to 'the revenue cutter now
lying in San Francisco Bay.' built by vir
tue of an act promulgated by him which
has Bince become world famous; also to
the 'postofnea appropriation and bill for
re-examination of the postofflce site,' and
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOREB 9, 1698.
to numerous other bills which he men
tions to illustrate his services in Con
gress.
"That postoftlce appropriation was
made four years before either of us went
to Congress, and as you well know, the
're-examination' of the postofflee site* re
sulted in nothing but more delay.
"In the first session of the Fifty-third
Congress Mr. ~-aguire introduced a bill
to provide a revenue cutter for San Fran
cisco harbor. The bill was favorably re
ported by Mr. Maliory. and on October
23, 1893, Mr. Maliory called up a mil in the
House to provide revenue cutters for me
great lakes, and I" offered a substitute for
this bill providing for a revenue cutter
for San Francisco harbor, making an ap
propriation of $50.jw, and in practically
tne same language as in the Maguire
bill. After some debate, during which
much opposition was shown on the part
of the men having the great lakes bill, in
charge to the adoption of the substitute,
I announced that the bill which I had of
fered as a substitute had been introduced
by Mr. Maguire, and that Mr. Maguire
had requested thnt it be withdrawn,
which was therefore done. Nothing more
was done with the measure during that
session of Congress. O" July 26, 1894, dur
ing the second session of the Fifty-third
Congress, Mr. Wis*, chairman of the
Committee on Interstate and Foreign
Commerce, called up the bill, and with
out any debate it was passed. It went to
the Senate, was referred to the commit
tee, and on July 30 reported to the Senate
by Senator White without amendment.
On August 8, 1E94. it was called up by
Senator Perkins and passed by the Senate
without donato. It was signed by Presi
dent Cleveland on August 15. 1594. Bills
providing for a revenue cutter service at
San Francisco were also introduced in
the first session of the Fifty-third Con
gTess by Senator White (S. 904) and by
Mr. Unborn (H. R. 271).
"In Washington all that Mr. Maguire
has credit for is drawing his pay and
jogging round the country preaching sin
gle tax— and for the passage of the Dun
don bill.
"This leader of the Democratic party
also claims that the Republicans claim
the late war as their own. We do not.
It was a war that confronted every' party
and every man of this country. It was
every man's war until it was declared.
Then you could see where the line was
drawn. Why! Mapiiire and his ilk would
not vote the money to pay our soldiers
and sailors or to feed them as they lay
in the trenches because the bill proposed
to raise the money from the people on the
country's bonds and. he thought we were
pirates anyway. They voted bonds at 6
and 4 per cent before, but it was against
their principles to vote them at 3 to feed
a lot of soldiers."
With Maguire and his "common people"
and the wrong the revenue tax has
worked upon them, Mr. Loud dealt at
length. Said he: "You'd think that these
'poor people' had nothing else to do than
?end telegrams and packages by Wells-
Fargo, or fix their names to checks. The
tax is one upon the rich who have to
and can afford to use those things."
With an eloquent exposition of the par
ty's platform and a plea for a solid vote
and one that will hold up the hands of
President McKinley In these troublous
Limes, the speaker gave way to Judge R.
B. Carpenter.
With his usual combination of depth
and wit Judge Carpenter added to the
calling down of the "People's own" with
the knowledge that he had gained of his
subject in years of active politics. He
closed with a eulogy of Congressman
Loud that was approved by every one of
his hearers by three lusty cheers and a
tiger.
Before the applause had subsided W.
H. Barnes, grand scribe of the Odd Fel
lows, was introduced by Irving M. Scott.
It was Mr. Barnes' maiden effort at polit
ical speech-making, but his splendid tes
timonial to Congressman Loud was but
the stronger for that. He spoke from
the knowledge that twenty years of fra
ternal association with the man that he
was seconding had given him, and in
closing he said: "If for twenty years a
man has been true to his fraternal vows
and has never faltered in giving his
time, his heart and his money to the
needs of the widows and the orphans of
hie brothers and to nis Drothers them
selves; if he is a man that can be trusted
in these things, then I have no fear In
trusting him in Congress. Such a man
Eugene F. Loud has be«n rttj *»*•*■ ••"
we vote for his kind Irrespective at
party."
FLATTERING RECEPTIONS
GIVEN TO CANDIDATES
Henry T. Gage Fittingly Closes a Week Marked
by a Succession of Grand
Ovations.
The Standard-Bearer, Hon. Charles L. Patton, the Next Mayor,
and Other Republican Nominees Address Two
Gatherings of Enthusiastic
Citizens.
If there was any doubt In the minds
of residents pf this city that the Mis
sion will not cast a Bolid vote for Ua*!i
F. Fragley, Judge D. J. Murphy, I. J.
Truman, and in fact the whole of the
Republican ticket from Henry T. Gage
to the lowest office, that doubt would
have been speedily removed had they at
tended the mass meeting held by the
Thirty-fifth Assembly District Republi
can Club last evening in Stanford H ill,
at the junction of Valencia and Mission
streets.
The hall was overcrowded with the vot
ers of the district, who took every oppor
tunity to cheer the name of every candi
date present and every sentiment of the
gentlemen who addressed thorn. In the
audience were many ladies who were not
less warm in their signs of approval.
H. T. Smith, who presided over the big:
meeting; made an ideal officer. He not
only Infused enthusiasm in those present,
but introduced each speaker in a manner
that made him feel at home.
W. H. Cobb, candidate to the Assembly
from the district, was first introduced.
His appearance was the signal for
hearty cheering, which was Intensified
as the evening wore on, Mr. Cobb de
voted his time to a discussion of the grand
■work done by the Republican party. He
■was frequently interrupted with applause.
During his speech, Charles L. Patton,
Judge Murphy and William A. Deane en
tered the hall, and as they moved toward
the platform they were greeted with the
wildest cheering. Judge Murphy mag
nanimously pointed to Mr. Patton as de
serving of their applause, and his act
brought forth more cheers.
At the conclusion of Mr. Cobb'a address
the Republican Glee Club, headed by the
only Sam Booth, sang about the Demo
cratic-Popocratic party going up Salt
River on the Sth of November. The words
and music made such a favorable impres
sion that the quartet was induced to tell
in song the good traits of their party's
standard bearer, Henry T. Gage.
Chas. F. Curry was next Introduced, and
made a happy speech, in which he said:
"All I Intended saying was, 'How are.
you?' and 'Good-night,' as there are so
many able speakers to follow me. There
are one or two words I have to say. I
have listened with a great deal of pleas
ure to Mr. Cobb's speech. The Thirty
fifth District has been wasted two or
three tim«s in the past, but it is not go
ing to be wasted this time, as I am sure
Mr. Cobb is going to be elected. (Ap
plause.) I wish also to impress on you
that you want to elect Mr. Loud to Con
gress. (Applause.) And Mr. Patton will
make that false alarm, James D. Phelan,
go before a notary public on the 9th day
of November and swear that he was run
ning. Good-by and good luck." (.Hearty
applause.)
In presenting Mr. Gag© to the voters of
the district Mr. Smith said that on the
Sth of November when James G. Magulre
"gages" up his votes he will find that
he will be short some 3000 which should
have come from the Thirty-fifth District.
As the Republican candidate for guber
natorial honors stepped forward the
crowd rose to their feet and for three
minutes cheered and waved thetr hats
for him.
Mr. Gage thanked the audience for its
kindly reception and said: "1 have been
campaigning now for many days. I have
spoken, although the Examiner says I
have not, sixteen times these last seven
days. They tell you soirre other fellow
has spoken, and that is like the man who
says his headache hurt by reason of the
bad whisky his neighbor drank the day
before. (Laughter.) My voice is in
good repair now and I hope it will con
tinue so. At all events, it will not De
Interfered with on account of any abuse
of any candidate that parses through my
throat. 1 set that example for others to
follow.
"I am Just now impressed with the Blb
ical doctrine that we should rest one day
in seven, and I promise you, Mr. Chair
man, I shall assume to-morrow is the
seventh day.
"With all joking aside, gentlemen. thl3
magnificent demonstration in this part of
the city indicates to me that the people
in this region of the country have care
fully weighed all the facts in this con
troversy and have decided in favor of the
Republican party." (Applausi.*
Mr. Gage then discussed the single-tax
hobby of his opponent and explained
some of the dire results that would en
sue If the anarchistic laws Mr. Magulr«
advocates are foisted on the country. lie
then addressed himself to the charges
that have been repeatedly made against
him that he was a railroad hireling.
"A more foul and infamous calumny,"
he said, "was never asserted against a
man than that declaration In re
gard to myself. (Applause.) I say now
that there is not an honest man who has
been with me and knows my relations
with corporations would make that as
sertion, unless he was guided by a cor
rupt and infamous purpose. Most of the
scoundrels that I have known to have
aspired for office have howled against the
Southern Pacific Company to get there.
The Southern Pacific has been and is
guilty of sins and we can restrain it by
law, and Jf ever I get the gubernatorial
chair, I will see that it is the right of the
people to regulate fares and rates by
law."
Mr. Gage entered into a glowing de
scription of this city as being a big com
mercial center, and tlKinked his listeners
for their attention. They cheered and
called him back and he talked ten minutes
longer on what the people would get If
he was elected. The cheers that greeted
him at the conclusion shook the hall. H«s
then walked down the aisle, shaking
hands with every one.
Mr. Patton's reception was not less en
thusiastic than the Governor's, and his
clear cut sentences were loudly applaud
ed. He was followed in turn by Hon. D.
J. Murphy, I. J. Truman, W. A. Deane
and Martin F. Fragley. All made short
addresses and were enthusiastically re
ceived. The reception accorded Mr. Frag
ley was a feature of the meeting. He.
like Judge Murphy and Mr. Truman, was
among his neighbors and they showed
their love and appreciation of the candi
date for Superintendent of Streets by
cheering him en the least provocation.
Following are the names of the gentle
men who acted as vice presidents of the
meeting:
D. F. Mulville, P. S. Smith, J. K. Coorn
son, J. L. Prior, H. Rawe, J. H. Baker, J.
W. Bird. J. J. Gullfeyle, J. K. Prior,
i3eorg-< C. Parkinson, G. L. Perham, Frank
Smith, 8. W. Hollingßwoith, T. H. Thomp
son. Baron Keller, C. M. Depew, W. T.
Thompson. A. J. Mitchell, M. C. Allen. Cal
Ewing, C. B. Kitch, C. U. Robinson, E.
F. Delger, E. H. Kernck, W. Hauser, Dr.
E. N. Xorrollo, H. Broycr, E. A. Giant, F.
L. Turpin, W. J. Burt, V. F. Northrup, J.
W. King, P. Broderlck, G. O. Dean, "W. K.
Crouch, G. A. Lorlng-, L. P. lander, F.
Gibson "\V. G. Lowe. G. W. Debenham. R.
H. Stafford, W. H. Childers, H. 8. Bunker,
W. A. George, Henry George, John D. Daly,
Arthur Nagle, A. J. Mitchell, Dr. McLaugh
lln, Joseph Windrow, John Graham, \\ . A.
Dowil, F. G. Sanborn, T. C. Maher, C. w.
Taber. J. Rutherford. Charles Downs, C. A.
Brown, Captain A. S. Hall, David Cramer,
! ■"•• Colley, John H. Dawson. James de
Succa. E. A. Schumacher, T. I. Newkirk,
Georse "W. Schell, Martin Fragtey, A.
Murphy, Charles HeaJey. J. L. Trier, Hugh
Footo, Charles Mlshcr. N. Parrifth. Fred
Morgan, J. A. Shlpston. George Schussler,
Dr W. B. Coffer, James Conorue. James
Love, George Greene, James Dunbar, D.
J. Murphy, F. J. Cummin**, Walt Tease,
T. J. Hodgden, E. Greene.
•-— — —
GAGE AT THE BEACH.
He Addresses an Enthusiastic
Meeting Under the Shadow
of Telegraph Hill.
The noisiest, most demonstrative meet
ing of the present Republican campaign
was held last night under the auspices of
the Forty-fourth District Club in Bersag
llcrl Hall, over against th-e shadow of
Telegraph Hill. The hall was crowded
chiefly by representative men of the L;itin
ra< os, and each speaker, in his turn, was
greeted with the wildest enthusiasm.
Henry T. Gage did not arrive until late
in the evening, and it was thought those
in attendance had exhausted their ener
gies. This was not so, however, as they
made the auditorium ring again and again
with their cheers. Hats were thrown in
the air amid the wildest excitement. The
greeting was so kindly and so warm as
to touch Mr. Gage deeply.
He told ~of the strain that had been
placed upon his voice by his efforts in the
campaign, and apologized for his inability
to speak at any length. He expressed his
deep feeling of gratitude for the reception
accorded him, which he said was merely
a reflection of the people's devotion to the
Republican party and »the interests for
Which it stands.
At the conclusion of his addres? he held
a levee upon the floor of the hall, and
all those In attendance pressed forward
to shake him by the hand.
Many had left the hall when Charles
L,. Patton. the candidate for Mayor, came
in, attended by Justice Frank H. Kerri
gan and others. Judge Kerrigan was
hidden under the shade of a black som
brero such as Mayor Phelan now affects.
With the announcement of Mr. Patton's
arrival, the hall filled rapidly again and
a speech was demanded from him. He
was introduced by Henry Martin, the
Herculean candidate for Sheriff. At first
he would onr>- gay that as the meeting
had been dismissed he would come at an
other time. This was not considered a
valid excuse by his auditors, so he told
them of his candidacy, saying that he
knew he would win the fight "in a walk,"
and that every man on the Republican
ticket from Governor Henry T. Gage
down to Justice of the Peace Frank H.
Kerrigan, would be elected. He assured
them that the Republicans would give
them an honest, fearless, business-like ad
ministration of which they could be proud.
His sentiments struck home and he was
applauded repeatedly and given an ova
tion when he went among the people.
The meeting, over which Dr. Campbell
Ford presided, was rich in speakers, al
though few of them attempted any flights
of oratory. Their sentiments regarding
the work of the Republican party during
the administration of President Mclvin
ley and of the promise for the future,
never failed to bring a cheer for the Re
publican party and for Old Glory. The
speakers included, besides Mr. Gago and
Mr. Patton, Thomas F. Graham, Julius
Kahn, A. B. Treadwell, A. C. Berthler, C.
A. Low, D. J. Toohy, A. Meyer, Charles
F. Curry, A. Ruef, Judge E. C. Hart and
Henry Martin.
Mr. Ruef spoke strongly against the
candidacy of Mayor Phelan, saying the
people resent his assumption of author
ity, not desiring one man to run the
Democratic party. He ha 3 taken it out
of the hands of the people and practically
says to them that he Is the entire Demo
cratic party. Mr. Patton will "wipe the
floor" with him on election day, because
of the Republican principles for which he
stands.
County Clerk C. F. Curry paid his re
spects to the Democratic boss also, es
pecially as to his attitude toward the
workingmen in advocating the cutting of
their wages.
Julius Kahn called upon the voters to
indorse the administration of President
McKinley. saying they owed it as a duty
to their city, their State and their coun-
try.
D. J. Toohy, one time strong in t,ho
Democratic party, indorsed each of the
Republican candidates who had addressed
the meeting.
The meeting was enlivened by a brass
band, which supplied music whenever the
spell-binders present afforded it an oppor
tunity. Jabez Swan also provided some
incidental divertissement in the guise of
campaign songs set to popular music.
Following are the names of the vice
presidents of the evening:
E. C. Palmelri. G. Cagllerl, P. H. Zappa
tlna, M. i-«. Pernzzo, G. Calegarls, A. eh!-
OblXoUt, F. Araia. Joseph Cuneo, G. Costa,
G Cuneo, V. Ravenna, A. Madini. L. Juri,
U A. Kea, C. V. Guinasso, P. Rossi, Wil
liam Hineke, G Blgnotti, A. Figone, R.
Petri, E. Bosehettl, D. G. Cagllerl, C. A.
Magistra. J. C. Kingball, John Muspo, F.
Mascherint, E. Meranl. F. Bacigalupi, G.
Barbagaletto, S. D. Martini, G. Gaxabaldi,
G. Malpiede, S. Garabaldi, P. Bacigalupi,
A. Qulllci, G. Ferreo, E. Unti, G. de Lucca,
M. Scatena, A. Matronl. Benjamin liealy,
J F. Copgrove, C. Hurley, S. Hadkls. J. A.
Hulk. K. M. Furbujh, M. Tournlson, J.
F Brealln. O. Gueraglia, G. Guin
asso. V. Qullici, N. Foppiano, J. Martl
nonl. L. Zocchl, A. Bertola, G. Cadenasso,
P Machl, C. Zapelli, A. Blanetti, G. de
Martini. L.. Scatena, P. Castagonetto. R.
CarmodT, I*- Slml, H. Tusnun. f ( . Mack
intosh. B. Bentley, S. S. Franklin. J. Band
man. Or. W. D. Clark. Charles Bundsehu,
p Connors, J. Nathan, J. Crall, H. Perazzo,
G B. L«vazzl, J. Browell, August Brooks,
11 McGown, F. Rovoc, N. l^erroglairo, H.
S Martin, L«o Slchel, George Hlngen. J.
F Marti noni. Dr. D. Wesaenburg, F. V«n
turl Joseph L. Moody. H. Kuhn, G. H.
Shpppard. Dr. R. C. Myers. E. C. Kalbcn.
Fred Katz, William Warnecke, Dr. W.
Eldenmuller, D. F. Crowley, N. H. Daniels.
W F. Fitzgerald, Robert Clark. F. Del
nionte, H. Saßi»h.)rn. M. » Liowenstein. L,.
Tcrre, R. Ganthauer, John Farnham, M.
Dupeni, Mllo Elich, J. H. Nelson, Dr. M.
Artig'JW, F. Heyman, George J. Glover,
John Gahl. L. B. Lippert, Charles Reilly,
Leon D. Le Guy, W. Williamson, L. A. Al
bora, Ceorge Terry. Charlea Donohoe. Peter
Johnson John Wessell, James Rosslter. J.
E. Artigues, A. H. Schlmpf, Charles Kra
mer.
©■♦-©-♦-©-♦-O-^O-^O-^O-^O-^-O-^O-^-O^O^O-t-O-^-O-^-O-^-O-^-O-^-O-^-O-^-O-^-O^OO-*^-^
o
Values m Blankets!
.. . ... " I
o
♦
- o
Special 1 Offering. I
V - — o
I _ ♦
Commencing to-morrow we will place on special ?
■ sale some items from our well known Domestic Depart- ?
■ ment. Pure California Woolen Blankets, full size, at the ♦
1 very lowest obtainable price. %
y " All-Linen Table Damask, exceedingly choice pat- £
■ terns, at astoundingly low quotations. o
; =========== o
I ♦
. ■ ■ io !
4: Q firt :!;0 pairs 10-4 WHITE WOOL BLANKETS, nearly all wool, strong and + .
«J)O«t_PVF serviceable, fancy borders. Value for %Z 75, on sale at $3 00 pair. q
' C?A TPZ. so ° pairs 11-4 CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS, full double bed size, a £
tj> *•ft O fine grade of wool, heavy, and a close tine finish. Value for $5 50, on S»
' sale at $4 75 pair. I ♦.
O
i i-rrZ. 275 pairs 12-4 FINE CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS, very full size, ' +
tpOiitl extra heavy and unshrinkable. Value for $8 00. on sale at $3 75 pair. O
CC Kif\ 250 P alrs 13 " 4 FINE CALIFORNIA WHITE BLANKETS, an extra full t
tj)O*Ovr size, made from a good grade of Australian wool, a fine warm finish and
unshrinkable, delicate pretty borders. Value for $10 00, on sale at $S 50 ▼
pair. / O.
npZr> 25 pieces CREAM TABLE DAMASK. 56 inches wide, pure Irish linen, very 6,
i Ot>v heavy, strong and durable, the 50c srade, on special sale at 35c yard. 4
O
i Af\r' 15 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full bleach, all linen and a good strong material. ♦
T'Uvon sale at 40c yard. O
f"K/-» 20 pieces CREAM TABLE DAMASK, 70 'inches wide, an extra heavy grade, o
I DOvsoft finish and pretty patterns. Good value for 65c, on special sale at 55c 4.
yard. o
QZZ.S* 30 pieces TABLE DAMASK, full bleach, 66 Inches wide, a fine grade of pure %
Ouv Irish linen, well made, strong and serviceable, new patterns. Value for 75c, V
on special sale at 65c yard. ▼
<£« f*F- 150 WHITE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, full double bed size, pretty ♦
tpliOO raised patterns and entirely free from dressing. Value for $2 25, on sale o
at $1 65 each. • . . .:. v
New Goods Arriving Daily in I
All Departments. ?
— • • • -f
o
IF Iff Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / \
\ffF \^fr ■ San Francisco* § +
o
REAL ESTATE MEN
AGAINST BOSSISM
WILL ASK PROPERTY OWNERS
TO SUPPRESS IT.
An Organization Already Called Into
Existence — Signatures of Those
in Favor of It.
The real estate firm of A. M. Speck &
Co., together with a number of realty
brokers, have organized an action against
political bossism which they will en
deavor to have enforced regardless of
party fealty. The main purpose of the
scheme is outlined in the following reso
lution and has already found many ad
herents:
To the Voters and -Owners of Real Property
«f the City and County of San Francisco:
Political parties In San Francisco have be
come vile barterers.
Laws are not honestly enforced, the money of
the tax payer is squandered through the so
called political bosses that dominate the par
ties.
We believe the time for action has come;
that good citizens Irrespective of party fealty
should unite in a strong and determined ef
fort to suppress these practices by becoming
members of the Real Estate Agents" and Prop
erty Owners' Association.
This Is a self-protection proposition that re
quires our earnest attention; it Is a movement
at the present time that will mold the destiny
of this city. We want to place ourselves In
the hands of honest, reliable men and improve
the advantage that we now have within our
grasp: We should prepare ourselves for the
reception of the new business opportunities
now thrown open to us by the now probable
acquisition of the Sandwich and Philippine
Islands, also by the construction of the Nicara
gua canal. Wharves should be constructed for
the accommodation of commerce. Workshops
and factories should be constructed and oper
ated for supplying the wants of trade In those
countries.
Our desire Is to create such conditions In
this city that all idle houses shall be filled by
happy and prosperous families and induce idle
capital to Invest here and in the vicinity. To
the above end you are invited to Join in con
vention to select such persons for office as will
bring the above much-desired results.
We, the undersigned property owners of this
city pledge ourselves to become members of
the Real Estate Agents' and Property Owners'
Association, and we agree to meet In a con
vention to indorse worthy municipal candidates
from the nominations of the respective parties,
and promise to use our best efforts in securing
the election of such men as shall be indorsed
by the Real Estate Agents' and Property Own
ers' Convention, which Is to be held on Octo
ber 10. 11 and 12, at a hall selected by the
PI The 'obligation of this agreement is volun
tary no fees are to be received for such serv
ices ' With the object of good government we.
the ' undersigned, have subscribed our names
to become members of this association:
J X Prior. John McNally, W. O. Watson,
A - F Lejeal. Ralph Harding. M. I. Johnson.
£ H. SW. A. M. Speck. E. K. Clarke. Daniel
Kelly, Charles Sladky. L. Metzger. E. L,. At
kinson, Captain William Ede, I. Harris, Ben
jamin Lichtensteln.
According to A. M. Speck, the prime
mover In the enterprise, the organization
will not be simply called into existence
for the present political campaign, but
will be a permanent proposition. The ob
ject is to get the principal property own
ers in the city interested and thereby
bring about a crushing defeat to bossism
and the tyranny of the Board of Super
visors It is considered absolutely neces
sary that something should be done to
prevent real estate from totally depreciat
ing in value, and if this combination of
property owners against the prime evils
which are threatening the future of the
market can be effected, the salvation, as
it were, of the "realty world" will bo
speedily insured.
It is expected that at least fifty or more
names will be added to those already on
the list' next Monday afternoon at the
meeting which is called for that date.
»
James Q. Maguire Club.
At a meeting of the Twenty-eighth As
sembly District James G. Maguire Club,
held at 138 Second street last evening, the
following officers v/ere elected: James
Buchanan, pnesident; George Bridgwood,
first vice president; Emile Schuck, second
vice president; John E. Gleeson, secre
tary; Timothy Ryan, sergeant at arms.
The club was addressed - the following
candidates: Judge Mogan. John A.
Brown and John P. Dunn. The following
committee was apnointed on entertain
ment: Timothy Rvan, Thomas Conlan
and John Deasy. Two hundred and lifty
members signed the roIL
ADVEETISEMENTS.
STANDING OF
OLD PARTIES
IN ALAMEDA
Populists Are Being
Extinguished.
ONLY A HUNDRED LEFT
REPUBLICANS ABE ALL IN LINE
ON STATE ISSUES.
Regulars and Independents Vie in
Showing Loyalty to Gage and
Neff — Bishop a Can
didate.
Oakland Office San Francisco Cati,
908 Broadway. Oct. 8.
A search of the political record of the
past four years shows that the Populist
and Democratic parties are fast disap
pearing in this county. In 1594 Budd re
ceived 6"St> votes, M. M. Estee 8150 and J.
V. Webster (Pop.) 4531. This shows a to
tal of 11,317 fusion votes against Estee'a
8150.
In 1896, when there was fusion, the Peo- '
ple's party polled 192 votes for its Presi- i
dential Electors, the Democrats 8202, whil« .
McKinley was given 13,429 votes, or a ma
jority of 5035. These figures show that in I
the two years prior to 1596 the anti-Re- -
publican vote uecreased 3000, while the
Republican vote increased over 6000. Sine* j
that time there has been in this county
a further split in the ranks, and although
the total vote may not be so large as in
a Presidential year it is expected that
Gage's majority over Maguire will be at .
least double that of Estee over Budd.
This would give Gage a majority of about
31110.
The vote of the Socialist Labor party
Is being watched with considerable inter- .
est, as much work has been done by local
organizers since 1896, which was the first
year the party name . a^ieared on tha
ticket. The President'al Electors of the
Socialistic Labor men received 101. votes
in Alameda County, ana this year the
leaders are claiming at least 1200 votes.
At the meeting a month ago at the Taber
nacle there were present about- 1500 neo
§le, who listened to Job Harriman, the
ocialist candidate for Governor, and
from the amount of support claimed for
him as a result of that demonstration the
figures mentioned have been arrived at.
The Independent Republicans are very
anxious that they should not be accred
ited with lack of enthusiasm for the State
Republican ticket. They have opened
their headquarters in the same building
as the regular County Republican Com
mittee, and each is vicing with the other/
in decorating the approaches to their re
spective headquarters with pictures of
Gage and Neff. After entering the builq
ing it is a matter of guesswork which /
the* headquarters is that of the Sim*
pure Republican party, although a glar«
at their respective county tickets does
leave any doubt on that score. . /
A. W. Bishop, for a long time secrecy
of the Republican County Central f?
mittee, has filed his netiaon to go m"9
ballot as a candidate for the office o/, 3
Justice. Mr. Bishop is one of the o/ In 8
Republicans, and it was general!/o*l
posed that he would be accorded/*,. °"
the nominations of his party at I r"®" J
andro, but as he saw that others/ «°t
ahead of him he did not go bf, nn \ a * I
convention and is now making/ '"de- |
pendent campaign. _. . f
A nugget of old weighing fe 10 ®? |
and valued at $32,500 has bee/" •* I
Kanowna in West Australia.
56
(Lift vl4Tfete*fv 1 4Tfete*ff r Cfl's^U
SUNDAY .OCTOBER 9, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manajer.^
PUBLICATION OFFICE. .....MaVKet and Third Sts-. S. F-
Telephone Main ISCS.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ....217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In tt)ls city and surrounding towns
fcr 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL ...One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
■■I
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri4(S« House
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Buil<!in£
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, opsn until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkin street, open until 9: 30 o'clock
194! Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
•trcet. open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
A M USEM ENTS.
r.-,v<> < r .- I.as- WorJ."
Columbia- -Catnillo "
Alcazar^ " In M ara "
J:ir. eco'i; The Runaway Wife
Tlvoll-" The Bohemian Girl."
Orpheum- Vaudeville.
Sew Comedy theater—" Ihe Sigrnal of Liberty."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jonea ttrtets-VaiKlevilla.
Ihe Chines— Putvo ynrino. Vaudeville and iho °0.
ciynii-:.".— Corr.er Mason nd Eddy Btreeta— Specialwa*
Sutro's Baths— Swimming.
HecreaUbn Park— liarfoball this afternoon.
t'ourslng — Ineleside Courslns Park.^^;
Central Park— Clreus, Saturday, Oeiooer 15.
Y. M. C. A. Auditorium— Coiicert next Saturday afternoon.
RoBenlhalf.com ln F in February.
THE DISTRICT OTTORNEYSHIP.
rOK the enforcement of law in San Francisco,
for the prevention or the punishment of crime
by a feai ient prosecution of crim
inals, ther ■ ed in the office of District Attorney
ix lawyer well versed in criminal law. strong of will
and ;.' .. devoted to the faithful performance of
his duty. All citizens are aware of the importance
of the office, and none can be ignorant of the impera
tive need of electing the right man to the place.
The Republican party presents as its candidate
the District Attorneyship Judge Daniel J. Mur;
The Committee of Due Hundred, a- self-constituted
representative I ised factions of Democracy and
Popul c nominated against him Barclay Hen
ley. Both men are well known. Their records and
the salient features of the character of each are
familiar to the people. Under such circumstances
there ought to be no doubt as to which will be
elected. The vote for Judge Murphy should include
the ballot of every citizen who does not belong to the
criminal element or who is not athliated with political
sorer.^
The course of Barclay Henley has been erratic and
■le. to say the best that can be said of it. He
has in times past, when it suited his caprice or the
interests of his personal fortunes, bolted his party and
even his citizenship. He has been ty turns a so
called independent in politics or a Mexican in citi
lip, as it suited him. In none of his various
phases, however, has he ever rendered service to the j
city or won honor for himself.
The career of Judge Murphy is a striking contrast
to that of his opponent. He rose from the rank? of
the peopie to his present eminence in his profession
by honest steps and by a straightforward course. His
progress has been consistently upward, and every
test of difficulty or responsibility has proven the ster
ling ■ if ljis intellect, his manhood and his
patriotism.
His fitness for the office to which he has been nom
inated is indisputable. The proofs of it are to be
found at every sta.qe of his carter. He ranks among
the foremost criminal lawyers of the State. While
serving some years ago as District Attorney he
showed himself to be one of the most resolute prose
cutors of crime in the annals of American law.
Called to the office of Superior Judge, he demon
strated in that field a mastery of all the complexi
ties of our criminal law. precedents and practice, and
a Roman firmness in enforcing them.
The trial of the Durrant case afforded the public a
striking illustration of Judge Murphy's wide knowl
edge of criminal law, and his impartial justice in ad
ministering it. As is well known, the prosecution of
Durrant was fought by able attorneys with every
legal weapon and by every strategy of court practice
known to our law. Exception after exception was
taken by the counsel for the defense; every ruling
of the Judge to which their ingenuity could find a
possible objection was noted. Yet when all these ex
ceptions and objections were carried on appeal to the
Supreme Court that tribunal sustained Judge Murphy
on every point. It was a vindication of his judicial
course of which any magistrate might be proud, and
stands to-day a* a convincing evidence of his honor
able record on thr. bench.
The people of San Francisco should account it an
honor and a good-fortune to have the opportunity to
obtain the service of this able lawyer in the office of
District Attorney. The conditions of the time call for
just such a man in that office ; and the voters will be
false to themselves and the city if they fail to elect
him.
RIGHTS OP PUGILISTS.
WHEN in active pursuit of his calling the pugi
list is a lav.--breaker, but so is every one who
promotes a ring event or views the spectacle.
Between times the pugilist is apt to be a loafer, often
an actual vagrant, and in many instances a bully.
Nevertheless, a pugilist, while conducting himself
properly, has rights.
Not long ago Corbett and McCoy engaged in a
runian encounter in a New York hotel. Naturally
the proprietor was displeased. Several days later
Fitzsimmons entered the place, decently clad, wholly
sober, quiet as any other guest, interfering with none,
and to all outward seeming a gentleman. The propri
etor refused to permit him to dine, and ordered him to
leave. This Fitzsimmons did, and, be it said to his
:rcdit, without assaijing the solar plexus of the man
ho had publicly insulted him and humiliated him.
To an unbiased judge it would seem that the pugi
f. showed signs of better breeding than displayed
the proprietor. The matter will be tested in the
M:s. If there was justice in excluding Fitzsim-
n s on the ground that somebody else had misbe
"i, justice in New York is a peculiar thing. The
P 1 etor should have assumed the lofty ground that
,1 hair of the fighter did not harmonize with the
lm of the dining-room.
MAGUIRE ON THE MINERS.
IN his speech at the Woodward Pavilion Mr. Gage
read from Maguirc's speech in Congress the ex
tension of his land confiscation theory to the
mines. The Judge regards the prospector who finds
a ledge or locates a placer as a monopolist who is
taking from God's children that which is intended for
the good of all. This cant, indulged in by Judge ila
guirc and the defender of his defense of anarchy, Mr.
Preble, is one of the conspicuous features of the cam
paign against law and order and the rights of prop
erty which the Judge has carried on for years.
His present speeches for the masses against the
classes are in line with the opinions he has heretofore
uttered against property and its owners. To him
every successful man is in a "class." Having quit
labor himself in early life and begun holding office
and drawing a salary when he began to vote, if not
a couple of years before, and having never lived since
that time except upon a salary as an office-holder, his
accumulations bridging him over between offices,
Maguire has but little knowledge of the practical ex
periences of life.
He has made up his mind that it is good politics
to conclude that every successful man has succeeded
at the expense of some one who has failed. He does
not consider the element of personal character as a
factor in failure or success. To him the successful
man is a "rich man" and the enemy of the "poor."
He sees only the failures in the social state and not
the successes which vindicate the social order. He
has succeeded in becoming the candidate of failures.
It is not employing invective at all to say that he
shows a venemous temper against such property
owners as he believes to be in the minority and there
fore helpless against the majority, which he urges to
despoil them. The land-owner and the mine-owner
are the special objects of his venom and vengeance.
They are in hi? mind and mouth the enemies of God,
as he characterized them in his letter to McGlynn.
They have no property rights to their lands and mines
which Maguire feels bound to respect. Using his own
language, they are "monopolists, cunning robbers
who have despoiled the weak and undesigning," and
what they call their own, their lands and mines, must,
under his policy, be taken away from them.
It is true, lie says that his land and mines confisca
tion theory is not in issue in this campaign. But, not
long ago. he said that when an amendment is pro- j
posed to give the people of each county the right to j
put all taxes on land and so confiscate it "the fight
will be on in earnest."
Well, that fight is on, for that is the purpose of
amendment No. 2 to the State constitution, which his
single tax junta lobbied through the last Legislature.
That amendment and his candidacy put land confisca
tion in issue. Suppose that Judge Maguire had said
in print and speech, in addresses to the Delaware
Legislature and in Congress: "If an amendment to
the constitution of California gives the Governor
the power to hang every land-owner and mine
owner and give his property equally to God's chil
dren, and I am ever elected Governor, the fight will
be on in earnest," and then when he became a can
didate with such an amendment pending, would any
land-owner or miner believe him if he said
that matter was not in issue? Would any land-owner
in California risk hanging by permitting ,Maguire's
election? No matter how much he might protest
that hanging them was not an issue, they would not
trust him.
Is he any the more worthy of belief when, after ad
vocating the confiscation of lands and mines for
years, and having foretold what would bring on the
fight against that form of property, and the precise
situation is upon us. he says it is not in issue?
All that a man hath he will give for his life, and his
life depend? upon what sustains it. The despoiling of
property-owners is in issue in Maguire's candidacy,
and if this is forgotten the State may suffer the most
serious misfortune that can befall a commonwealth.
PHELAN AND WIDBER.
IT is, for the ambitions of Mr. Fhelan, an unfortu
nate circumstance that just now his name should
be linked with that of a felon guilty of a gross
and inexcusable crime. Widber stole funds of which
he had been made custodian by reason of the confi
dence of the community in the honor of the family,
a confidence inspired by the probity of his father, to
whose official position he succeeded. Thus to theft
was coupled the baser crime of ingratitude.
The Mayor's connection with the looting of the
treasury was nothing to make him appear as in the
slightest degree a willing accessory. To so much as
hint at this would be both impolitic and untrue.
Doubtless the knowledge that the wrong had been
done came to the Mayor as a shock. It must have
come with the shock accentuated when the Mayor
had to realize that his own carelessness had made the
felony of Widber possible. This matter has been ex
plained many times, but it is one of the old, old
stories, ever, ever new.
One of the duties of jhe Mayor is to supervise the
counting of the money in the municipal vaults. Mr.
Phelan did not do this. The money was not even
weighed. It was "hefted." A dishonest Treasurer,
noting this method, could see at once that the oppor
tunity to steal was at hand. He could open the sacks,
remove the gold and fill them again with anything of
requisite weight. He adopted the plan thus suggested
by the Mayor's course, and now he goes to the peni
tentiary, while the Mayor wants to continue in a po
sition which will enable him to "heft" some more.
A defender of the Mayor, a paper given to yellow
spasms, explains blithely that only an insurance com
pany lost. What a complete, vindication! "Hefting"
is all right so long as the burden of the consequent
theft falls only upon a soulless corporation. The
reasoning does not seem good, but the implied state
of morals very bad indeed.
The dismissal of two policemen for cowardice
seems to have been just, so far as it went. There are,
however, two others who were as much in need of
dismissal and did not get it. They must have lucky
stars.
Perhaps the members of the Widber jury may
know why they were so slow in bringing in a verdict.
There has never been from the moment of the pris
oner's arrest the slightest doubt as to his guilt.
There is no doubt that if the pawnbrokers want
sympathy in the affliction of having received a set
back at the hands of the court, they will be obliged
to condole with one another.
At least the little trouble with the Indians in Min
nesota will demonstrate to the civil authorities that
even a red man should as a matter of policy be treated
decently.
Whatever may be the merit of the claims of ex-
Queen Liliuokalani. there is a certainty that a person
ousted from a throne has a right to feel sore about it.
Some day Widber may grow confidential and let
somebody know what he did with all the money he
stole.
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
FOR THE NATION'S WELFARE.
SUPREME among the issues submitted to the
votes of the people of the United States this
year is that of returning Republican majori
ties in both houses of Congress. We have in Califor
nia an important local issue in the contest against
the fused factions of discontent led by an erratic
politician, the advocate of land confiscation and the
apologist and defender of anarchy, but that should
not cause us to overlook or underrate broader affairs
of the nation.
We must not only defeat Maguire, but we must
send to the House of Representatives a solid Repub
lican delegation, and elect a Legislature that will
choose a stanch Republican to succeed Senator
White.
The national contest involves many issues, each of
which is of far-reaching importance not only to this
but to succeeding generations. The session remain
ing for the present Congress is short. It will hardly
be able to solve the great problems that confront the
country. It is, therefore, to the Congress to be
elected this fall that we must look for a settlement of
the currency on a safe basis, the construction of the
Nicaragua canal, the increase of the army and the
navy so as to make them equal to the requirements of
the nation, the extension of our commerce, the up
building of our merchant marine and the solution of
the many complex problems arising out of the war
with Spain.
With such momentous issues at stake a failure to
elect Republi&ins to both houses of Congress would
be as disastrous as would have been a Democratic
triumph during a critical period of our Civil War.
The administration needs the support of Congress,
and the country needs perfect harmony in all
branches of the National Government.
A feeling of apathy or of over-confidence on this
subject in California might be widely disastrous. We
must not let Congressional and legislative elections
go by default here in the expectation that Republi
cans elsewhere will make up for any falling short on
our part. We must do our share in assuring a Re
publican majority in both the Senate and the House.
From ail reports that come to us the success of the
State ticket seems certain. Mr. Gage has proven him
self to be a campaigner of the first rank. He has in
a high degree the faculty of winning the confidence of
the people and of making and retaining friends. His
personality and his clear record when compared with
the evasive tactics and demagogue career of Maguire
have virtually won for him the victory at this early
stage of the canvass. If the voting took place to-day
he would be elected, and his strength will increase as
the campaign progresses and the issues become bet
ter understood by the people.
Such being the outlook for the State ticket, all that
is needed in that direction is a continuance of the
energy and vigilance already displayed in its con
duct. In the fight for Congressmen and for members
of the Legislature, however, there is wanted more
activity, more vim, more earnestness. We must
send no free-trader nor free silver man to Congress
from California. We must have a delegation that will
truly represent our people, steadfastly maintain the
interests of our industries and uphold the adminis
tration in the great work that is before it.
Most important of all, from a national point of
view, is the election of a Republican to the United
States Senate. That is the danger point in the politi
cal situation. The Senate at present is virtually in a
state of deadlock. Every Republican vote gained in
that body will count immensely for the national wel
fare. At best the Republicans can hope to control the
Senate in the next Congress by but a small margin.
Every energy, therefore, must be put forth to gain
a Republican Senator wherever such gain is possible.
That fact should be impressed upon the mind of
each voter. A Republican Legislature and a Repub
lican United States Senator are necessities of the
crisis.
GENERAL WHEELER, who has returned
from the war with praise for all who took part
in it, from the officials of the War Department
to the colored troops who helped to win the fight at
Santiago, has not omitted the women from his com
mendation. He has suggested that the Government
should in some way show its appreciation of their
services, and confer honors upon those who nursed
the wounded in the hospitals as well as upon the men
who fought in the field.
The General did not undertake to define the form
of the honor which should be conferred. He ad
mitted that the difficulty in the way of providing suit
able recognition and reward for women who serve the
country in time of war was more than he could over
come. All that he has done is to suggest that some
honor should be given, leaving it to others to deter
mine the extent and the manner in which it should
be carried out.
The proposition has fallen upon fruitful soil. A
considerable number of persons and newspapers have
taken the subject under consideration and have in
some instances suggested plans for making the re
wards. Most of these advocate the granting of
medals of honor to the women whose work was of
distinguished merit, and pensions where money is
necessary to repay the sacrifices made by army
nurses.
This is a curious outcome of a short campaign
which began with a peremptory order from head
quarters that no women would be permitted to attend
the army. The service which was rejected at the be
ginning of hostilities by the war officials has at the
end come in for the highest praise from the most
popular of the commanding generals. It is another
triumph for womanhood over prejudice, and that in
itself will probably be regarded by most of the brave
women who won it as a sufficient reward for all they
endured and performed.
Whether the proposition of General Wheeler will
pass away and be forgotten before Congress meets
remains to be seen. It is more likely, however, that
it will lead to some attempt to obtain from Congress
a recognition of the heroic services of the women
and a suitable reward for those who, like Miss Clara
Barton and Miss Helen Gould, accomplished really
important work for the relief of the soldiers. If
medals and pensions should be out of the question, a
vote of thanks would be better than nothing. America
owes much to her women, and an official recognition
of the fact would do as much honor to the Govern
ment as to the women themselves.
Mississippi has no particular reason to be proud of
her Governor. At the first alarm of yellow fever he
fled from his post of duty and went into hiding. It
would serve him rightly if a few discerning microbes
were to search him out.
If Mayor Phelan's intention of vetoing a gas bill
is correctly reported, some of the Democratic orators
may justly tremble for their pay.
General Bacon's course has been marked by a total
absence of hysterics, and doos him credit as a
soldier.
HONORS FOR WOMEN.
WITH ENTIRE. FRANKNESS.
A correspondent writes from Red
ding to ascertain if the author of this
column is really and truly Jesse James
writing under another name. Perhaps
the query should have been answered
by mail, but there is* no stamp at hand.
If the secret is out there is no use of
pleading anything except the statute
of limitation. It has certainly been a
long time since I have robbed a train,
and, ever since the experience of hav
ing been killed by the Ford boys, noble
gentlemen who shot me in the back,
I have been addicted to less violent
pursuits. I only beg of the correspond
ent that she will regard this communi
cation as confidential.
It has never seemed to me a proper
thing for a minister of the gospel to
make violent love to the members of
his congregation. In a measure it de
stroys his usefulness, because others
of the members are apt to become
jealous. No, Rev. Briggs, do not think
I have you in mind. You have secured
a glorious vindication. I was impelled
to make the remark by a recollection
of the late C. O. Brown.
There is sometimes a disadvantage
in writing a bad hand. Joaquin Miller
writes one so bad that he cannot read
it himself, and why he should expect
anybody else to read it passes all un
derstanding. A young lady whose gra
cious presence ornaments the staff of
this paper is in a sad quandary over
his chirography. She has a letter from
the poet. For several days she has
pondered upon it. She has decided that
it is an invitation to dine at the heights
in the shadow of Joaquin's funeral
pyre, the description of an Alaskan
sunset or a recipe for cooking gum
boots. At other times she wavers and
believes she holds a treatise on "How
It Feels to Lose an Ear," or "The
Razor as a Curse to Civilization." I
would help her if I could, but she
showed me the letter, and I can't.
It befalls that sooner or later we all
feel the sting of ingratitude. With best
intent I have sung the praises of the
Delta Muser. Now he declares I know
nothing about poetry, and see in it no
point to admire but the ingenuity of
the author in making the words rhyme.
Yet I have seen much more in the
poetry of the Muser, and have pro
claimed It. To get it in the neck this
way is scant reward. I have a feeling
that the Oozer would not thus tear up
the feelings of a friend, and hereafter
pin my faith to him.
• • •
Of course It was a Kansas court
which was called upon to decide
whether a young man escorting a
young voman to a place of amuse
ment was legally bound to take her
home again. The court decided that he
was, a gallant decision from which
there will be no appeal. Yet supposing
the young couple went to a dance and
the lady flirted with everybody in sight,
! that it was a festival and she ate ice
cream with everybody but the one who
had paid the price of admission, that it
was a corn-husking and she declined
to accept the responsibility when her
escort stripped a red ear. There are
i two sides even to this question. When
I a girl accepts the protecting arm of
i the male Kansan there Is an implied
i contract by which both are bound. He
I undertakes to shield her and she to ap
! preciate the delicate attention. If she
throws him over the minute another
male appears on the scene it seems
to me the contract is broken, and when
she expects him to resume his place at
her side for a walk home she has more
cheek than becomes one of her lovable
sex. The real puzzle, however, is as to
; how such a matter ever got into court.
It should have been left to the query
! editor.
• * *
There could be nothing more wicked
than the suggestion of dividing Swit
zerland among the robbing powers, ex
cept the act itself. France, Italy and
Germany would like a slice each. The
shamelessness of a larcenous nation is
beyond all comprehension. When a
safe-cracker has designs upon a bank
he hesitates about taking the world
into his confidence. When an organized
band of raiders ruled over by a mon
arch and of sufficient number to be
recognized as a Government decides to
•steal, it is rather inclined to boast
about it. The burglar has fear of the
police; civilization has no police to
cope with a gang of thieving nations.
In all excepting magnitude Switzerland
is vastly the superior of any of the
precious trio which proposes to despoil
her. France has for years been acting
as though on an absinthe debauch.
Italy has been steadily retrograding,
the King unable to control Its dissatis
fied people. Germany, under the
Kaiser, h;is been in constant danger
through that eminent gentleman's ten
dency toward the war-lording industry.
Meanwhile Switzerland has followed
the arts of unobtrusive peace, attended
to business and been rewarded by
prosperity. Each one of the decaying
or turbulent nations now threatening
the little republic could well take a
lesson from it in manners, morals,
bravery and patriotism.
From time to time people have been
reading of the brutality of the attaches
of the pound, to whom falls the duty
of corraling the errant dog. That no
particularly high-minded gentleman
would adopt this calling may
readily be believed, and yet it is
hard to understand why, after brief as
sociation with vagrant canines, the
pursuers should sink to a moral and in
tellectual plane below that of the pur
sued. As an individual the dog catcher
is most obnoxious. He is hated by
everybody. To* observe a dog escape
gives the beholder joy. For the small
boy, who, seeing the cart of the catch
ers coming, runs ahead to give warning
and shoo rash pups into the back yard,
the common heart goes out warmly.
He may be a naughty boy, too, and
playing hookey at the moment. Doubt
less the dog catcher is a necessity, but
this does not impose upon anybody the
duty of loving him. Several of these
fellows have lately subjected women
and children to violence. Most of them
seem to need a term in Jail and the
rest might be tamed by a sound
thumping. The strictest justice would
have them clapped into the pound and
fed on moldy dog biscuit.
Lieutenant Burnett of the navy re
fuses to regard that institution as a
floating reform school, and announces
that boys who should be under re
straint for crimes committed will not
be accepted. Certain Judges have
t
By HENRY JAMES.
been In the habit of suspending sen
tence on young offenders provided they
would agree to enlist. This course is
not only without warrant in law, but
it is a direct insult to the navy. The
people, of this country are proud of
their navy. They want it manned by
reputable citizens. Youth are being
trained for its service. It is hoped re
cruits will come from good families.
There is no excuse for viewing it as a
rendezvous for scalawags, and such a
view ought not to be and will not be
tolerated.
• • •
Sometimes the Intelligence of an
Eastern paper, its wealth of informa
tion, is a pleasing surprise. In a re
cent number of the Cincinnati Commer
cial Tribune note was made of the fact
that Portland, Or., desired to buila one
of the new monitors, and the editor
added: "Go on. If the Olympia and
Oregon are fair samples of your work,
give the country a few more like
them." An impression had prevailed
here that the ships mentioned were
samples of the work done at the Union
Iron Works of San Francisco, a con
siderable city of California. Indeed,
this impression got abroad, and at
Washington was so trustfully accepted
that the Secretary of the Navy sent a
long letter of congratulation to the
management of the Union Iron Works
on the excellence of its product. Tha
people of San Francisco saw the Olym
pia and Oregon launched, saw them
steam proudly away, and still enter
tain the notion that they were built
here. What sort of a place is Cincin
nati anyhow? Is it the same seat of
culture which glories in the tradition
that once it packed more pork than any
other city in the Union?
Observing the progress of the Investi
gation into the management of the
medical and commissary departments
of the army one is not impressed by
the evidences of sincerity. It seems
to me that to question some of the sol
diers would be the way to ascertain
the truth. Let a few of the boys who
came back from Cuba, gaunt, ex
hausted, starving and neglected, take
the stand and tell about it, and then
let the responsible officers explain. No
body has ever charged that the offi
cers' mess was infected with rotten ba
con, or that an officer in need of a dosa
of quinine had to wait a week for it.
The allegation has been that the priv
ate soldier, a boy in many instances
as tenderly reared as the epauletted
gentleman commanding him, of as good
a family, as thorough a patriot, was
permitted to lie in the trenches before
Santiago with nothing to eat, although
there were stores at the wharf; that in
the hospital he lacked delicacies, not
withstanding the Red Cross had for
warded a plenteous amount. People
would like to know the truth about
these things. So far as the investiga
tion shall tend to souse Alger in a sea
of whitewash, I shall take the liberty
of regarding it as a fraud. No admir
ation for McKinley can make me think
his Secretary of War was ever fit to
hold the position.
• . •
Once more there has bobbed up the
old question as to the relation between
a newspaper man and a journalist.
There is a habit of regarding the term
"journalist" as a sign of affectation.
This habit is founded on a lack of
knowledge, and is in itself an affecta
tion. A man who earns his living by
writing for the daily press is a jour
nalist or a mistake. He has a right
to all the distinction the title affords.
It must be remembered that every em
ploye of a newspaper regards himself
as a newspaper man. The employes
who run linotype machines, make
stereotype plates, send out the mail,
sweep the office or stand in attitudes
of impressive dignity behind the coun
ter of the business department are all
newspaper men. They are as useful
as the people who write, but, neverthe
less, the people who write are not pre
sumptuous in asserting themselves to
be journalists. I know this is not a
popular view, not fashionable, not in
accord with the fad of insisting upon
being known simply as a newspaper
man. I strive to be a journalist. The
people with whom I intimately asso
ciate are journalists. When a writer
has a specific place to fill in the per
sonnel of a paper he may be otherwise
classified. There are the reporters, the
telegraph editors and the other editors.
Nevertheless the man whose implement
of toil is his pencil and whose business
is to make "copy," whatever may be
his temporary position, is a journalist,
and it is silly for him to deny it. If
he doesn't like the Job, there are others.
It Is strange that J. J. Valentine,
president of the Wells-Fargo Express
Company, cannot issue a circular with
out giving a Salvation Army twist to
it and slavering the document with the
exudation of a profound yet bubbling
piety. In a recent circular to employes
regarding the care of horses he gives
utterance to many humane sentiments.
If Valentine cared as much for the
welfare of patrons as for the livestock
of the concern he directs and adorns
he would be all right. He introduces
the circular with a quotation from
Proverbs: "The righteous man re
gardeth the life of his beast." So he
does, and the unrighteous, too, if he
has any sense and owns a beast, par
ticularly if said beast is entered for
a race and the stakes are worth hav
ing. Still, his advice is good. It is
almost goody-good. Then follow in
structions as to the care of property,
these also enforced by a proverb of
great antiquity and merit. The joker
is at the bottom. It is an allusion to
the dissatisfaction of customers at the
policy of the company in sticking them
for the war tax, which the law specifies
the company shall pay, and counsels
employes to be ao polite as to insure
the recovery of any business lost by
the momentary dissatisfaction growing
out of what he is pleased to term the
"stamp unpleasantness." My dear Mr.
Valentine, there is nothing momentary
about that unpleasantness. When a
man is being robbed the actual process
does not last long, but the memory
rankles, and peace of mind is not fully
restored until the purse has been. You
can circulate proverbs until the cows
come home, and it will not alter the
fact that your company, under your
specific direction, has deliberately bun
koed the people upon whom it depends
for support. In this connection I copy
from your beautiful and touching cir
cular: "There is that scattereth and
yet increaseth, and there is that which
withholdeth more than is meet, but it
tendeth to poverty."
• • •
A notorious woman named Fuhrlg
has again been accused of killing an
unfortunate of her own sex. She has
been similarly accused before, and, as
a contemporary remarks, in going back
to her practices shows a supreme con
tempt for the law. I do not see how she
could possibly entertain any other feel
ing toward the law, so far as It is sup
posed to apply to her.
• • *
Richard Harding Davis is another of
the great men whose name must be
printed in full. It is difficult to imagine
a Richard EL Davis. An R. H. Davis
would be positive sacrilege, while to
term him Dick would simply be to
break the upper literary circle into a
confused jumble of segments. All this
is to show that I hold Richard Harding
Davis in proper esteem. He inherited
greatness, and even if it is a misfit, far
be it from me to decry the value of it.
If the greatness toted by Mr. Davis
could be transposed to some one who
matched it, the combination would
make a hit. Davis wi-ites a clever short
story, a passable long one, in which the
illustrations are apt to be fine. In con
sideration of the privilege of project
ing the impressive Davis mug into
every picture illustrative of American
life, Gibson does his best while setting
forth the heroes and heroines of the
Davis imagination. The heroes are al
ways broad-shouldered and smooth
shaved, each one. in fact, a miniature
Davis, while the heroine invariably has
an aristocratic nose tipped skyward, as
if suspecting onions on her neighbor's
breath. However, these few remarks
are preliminary, and as the wise reader
has skipped them there is no occasion
for apology. Davis was over in Cuba
during the war. He is not a good, re
porter. In the recital of actual events
I know a dozen men any one of whom
can write all around him. He tries to
make word-paintings, and the result is
a daub. The impressionist style may
be all right in the subdued light of the
art gallery, but in description people
want bold and accurate lines. Davis
did not send out of Cuba one good de
scription of anything occurring there.
Nevertheless he did as well as any
body else. Creelman forwarded a few
stirring paragraphs, but Creelman is
such an unconscionable liar that these
went for nothing. From a newspaper
standpoint the action in Cuba was a
failure. There was a chance to do
much, and nothing was done. There
fore would it beseem Richard Harding
to sing small instead of attacking
Shafter. Doubtless there were errors
in the conduct of the Santiago cam
paign. If ever a campaign devoid of
mistake was carried on under the di
rection of mortal history failed to rec
ord it. If ever a man achieved bril
liant victory and missed having his
methods and motives traduced I cer
tainly never heard of It. The bald
truth remains that a victory was
achieved speedily, splendidly, with a
comparatively trifling loss of life. Vast
difficulties were overcome, and a war
which promised to drag on indefinitely
was brought to a speedy close. It is
too bad, of course, that Davis is not
satisfied. It is possible, however, that
Shafter had in view something fully as
important as pleasingthe distinguished
gentleman. Shafter is fat and choleric.
He was too busy to tip his helmet to
Davis, too engrossed to divulge his
plans, and had too much sense to coun
sel with the reporter. Thereto", c has
he been Impaled, and is even now sup
posed to be wriggling or\ the tip of the
Davis pen. I trust the gallant old war
rior will survive, and perhaps tell the
world some time what he thinks of
Davis as a correspondent, an exchange
of compliments being suggested by the
circumstances.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
DeWitt Clary, an attorney of Stockton,
is at the Lick.
R. A. Graham, a railroad contractor of
Marshfleld, Or., is at the Palace.
Charles K. McClatchy, of the Sacra
mento Bee, Is registered at the Lick.
Frank B. Clopton and wife of Pendle
ton. Or., are guests at the Occidental.
W. H. Smith of Ensenada, Mexico, is,
with his family, a guest at the Palace.
W. D- Pennyeook, editor of the Vollejo
Chronicle, is registered at the Occidental.
E. W. Jones, proprietor of the Hotel
Vincent at Los Angeles, is at the Bald
win.
Joseph Durfee, a well-known politician
and lawyer, is registered at the Lick from
Smartsville.
I. C. Steele Jr., a well-known Peseadero
dairyman, is among yesterday's arrivals
at the Russ.
Leon Carteri, one of Southern Califor
nia's largest stock raisers, is registered
at the Baldwin from Santa Barbara.
D. R. Olliver and wife of Sonora are
stopping at the Lick. Mr. Oliver is on©
of the big mine owners of the mother
lode.
J. A. Flllmore, superintendent of tha
Southern Pacific Company, returned yes
terday after a trip of inspection through
the Sacramento Valley.
A party of tourists, consisting of Mrs.
Albert Young, Miss E. H. Young. Dr.
Stuart McGulre and A. M. Yo.mjj, ar
rived yesterday from Richmond, Va,, and
registered at the Palace.
Mrs. M. H. Coffin, with her two children,
arrived yesterday from Boise City, Idaho^
and is a guest at the Russ. Mrs. Coffin
is the wife of M. H. Coffin, of the firm
of Coffin & Northrup, one of the largest
hardware firms in the Northwest.
Hugh Craig, president of the San Fran
cisco Chamber of Commerce, left for me
East last evening, to be gone several
weeks. He will first visit the Omaha Ex
position as a commissioner of the Cool
gardie'exposition, which will be held in
Australia in March. Mr. Craig desires to
induce all- of the exhibitors possible to
make exhibits at the Australian fair and
show what America can do in the line of
production and manufacture. He will also
be present at the peace jubilee in Chicago
and attend the banquet at which Califor
nia wines have been tabooed. One of his
big flghta will be to convince those who
attend the jubilee that American wines,
and especially those from the golden
West, are equal and superior to the im
ported articles.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON. Oct. B.— Charles M.
Howe of San Francisco is at the Ral
eigh; D. M. Moses of San Francisco is
at the Wlllards; lonell Higgtns pf 103l O3
Angeles is at the Ebbltt House.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. B.— A. T. Relf of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman; Mrs. Leland
Stanford of Palo Alto is at the Fifth
Avenue; H. C, Lathrop of San Fran-'
cisco is at the Bartholdi.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Special Information supplied daily to
business house-j and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ «
Tourist ( to Highlander in full uni
form)— Sandy, are you cold with the kilt?
Sandy— Na, mon; but I'm nigh kilt wl'
the Glasgow Evening, News. -.
■ — — ; ■♦ » ■ — — . * ; ?.*. V; ■■■'-] ,
Commercial lunch, 11 to 3. Among th« Bar.
rels, £63 Market at. -..-■".-CELEBRATIONS
ARE CONTINUED
Scene Changed to Plain
of Kildare.
SPIRIT OF '98 NEVER DIES
IRISHMEN HONOR THE MEMORY
OF THEIR HEROES.
Clancy Reviews Some Stirring Inci
dents Attending Early Strug
gles to Free the Emerald
Isle.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of Th« Call.
DUBLIN. Sept. 24.— The '98 celebra
tions steadily continue. To-morrow
the scene will be changed from the
■west to the great plain of Kildare in
honor or Hamilton Rowan, William
Aylmer and other local leaders of the
'98 movement In the province of Lein
ster. Rathcoffey— the spot on which
the meeting will be held— has been se
lected as the trysting place not only
because it was for many years the res
idence of. Hamilton Rowan, but be
cause, apart from its connection with
Rowan, it Is historically interesting to
all Nationalist Irishmen and is the cen
ter of a district in which some of the
most horrible of the British atrocities
of a hundred years ago were perpe
trated. Rathcoffey was formerly the
residence of a distinguished family
named Wogan, which furnished two
British viceroys, on the one hand, for
the persecution of the Irish whom it
had been brought from England to
chastise; but, on the other hand, it fur
nished leaders for more than one Irish
insurrection, who became known even
outside the bounds of Ireland. In 1641.
for instance, ivhen Rorey O'^oore
raised the standard of revolt in Kil
dare, Nicholas Wogan of Rathcoffey
Castle was a member of his council of
war, and on his defeat not only was
that stronghold confiscated, but the
seventy prisoners found in it were all
massacred by the English commander.
Colonel Monk. All that remains of the
old castle now is the barbican. Rath
coffey House, which took its place, was
built at the close of the last century
by Hamilton Rowan and was the scene
of many stirring incidents during the
nod.
As 1 wrote at length some time ago
about Archibald Hamilton Rowan's
connection with the United Irishman, I
need not say anything on that subject
now. But there is one incident in his
career which 1 did not mention, and
the scene of which was the district in
which the meeting to-morrow will take
I I refer to his escape from Rath
coffey House, whither a party of sol
diers were sent to effect his arrest on
a charge of treason. While the sol
diers were ascending the stairs he
d from the balcony to the lawn
and, springing on the back of a
that was grazing hard by, h«
for a neighboring squire's nouse
whir h, much enlarged, in now known
mgowes Wood, the famous college
Irish Jesuits. His pursuers just
reached the hall door of Clangowes in
time to see him pass into what is
known as "the round room," and Im
mediately fired at him. But he just
managed to close the door against their
slugs, the marks of which may still be
seen upon it. From the round room he
rushed into the library, and, seeing that
or.- of the windows was open, with con
siderable presence of mind he flung out
his hat and hid himself in a secret
chamber which escaped all notice. Not
ing the open window and seeing the
hat on the ground, his would-be cap
tors took it for granted that he had
riHk»--d a dangerous jump and was still
in the open country. Accordingly,
down they sprang in hot pursuit, and
proceeded to scour the country for their
quarry, who, meanwhile, was well
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ft m wasa m
used in
September,
October,
November,
secures immunity all
Winter long from Coughs,
Colds, Influenza, Catarrh,
Sore Throat and
GRIP
At druggists or sent prepaid; price, 25c and
$1.00 Specific Manual at druggists or Rent free.
Humphreys' MM. Co., Cor. William and John
StB., New York. Be sure to get
H-U-M-P°H-R-E-Y-S
I A Fine j
Chandelier
% •£> I
I Adds greatly to the ap- I !
I pearance of a room. <$> '
| We have 300 new ideas j>
I in this line to show you. %
I ICKELHE!MER V BROS., |
* 20 Geary Street. %
X %
I Near Keamy Street. <£
% x
— I
Use F^k and
Facial Soap J^Jj? Facial Cream.
If anything alia your Skin, Scalp, Complex-
lon or J «>, call on or write Dermatolorfst
t°!i N & Jf < ODBU 5 Y l 127 West «™S .New
Tork. 163 etat« at.. Chicago. Use Woodbury'i
Facial boap. Facial Cream. Facial and Tooth
Powder. Bold everywhere.
INSCRIPTION ON THE TABLET ERECTED ON THE OUTSIDE OF
OLIVER BOND'S HOUSE.
treated by Squire Browne, his host. To
morrow this incident and others will be
recalled to the minds of many thou
sands of men from Kildare and all the
adjacent counties, and the recollection
will not serve to breed loyalty to Brit
ish rule ir. the multitude.
In addition to the demonstration in
Kildare there will be a demonstration
In Dublin on the occasion of unveiling
a tablet which has been erected on the
outside of Oliver Bond's house, on
Lower Bridge street. Oliver Bond was
an eminent woolen draper of Dublin
and a kindly, though shrewd, man who,
being a Protestant of English extrac
tion, might have attained to the most
Influential, social and political po
sition If only he had taken
the side of the English tyrants
of his country- He joimd the
United Irishmen, and he was tried for
high treason on the 24th of July, 1798.
Three days before the brothers Sheares
had been sentenced to death for the
same offense and hanged; the second
day before, John McCaner had experi
enced the same terrible fate; Thomas
Byrne, the very day before, had been
tried and sentenced. The principal
witness against all was the infamous
informer, Thomas Reynolds, of Kilkea
Castle, in the county of Kildare. He
had been a silk mercer in Dublin and
joined the United Irishmen at an early
period in their career. In 1797 he was
treasurer and colonel in the insurgent
society for Kildare, and soon afterward
he became one of the trusted delegates
of the society from that county. He
dedicated himself to a career of crime
and treachery. He stole Jewels and
silks belonging to his mother and ap
propriated the proceeds to his own use.
He swindled a servant out of a pum of
£170. He was accused by his brother
in-law, under circumstances of the
strongest suspicion, of having poisoned
his wife's mother for the purpose of
robbing her of £300. He then turned
his attention to earning money from
the English Government by betraying
his fellow men. Into whose political
confidences he had wormed himself. Ho
had been benefited by Lord Edward
Flfzgerald, and he sold him. He not
only took all the United Irish oaths
but then swore that he was "loyal,"
and sought to get one Felix Rourke
hanged for his own treason. His latest
act of infamy was to give evidence
against his fellow merchant, Oliver
Bond.
The trial of Bond was, however, fa
mous for more than the appearance of
Reynolds, the Informer, In th*» witness
box. It wa« famous, also, for the mag
nificent and courageous speech of the
great lawyer and orator, John Phil pot
<~"urran. for the defense. The court
was crowded with armed military and
yeomen who, drunk with power and
liquor, frequently interrupted Currar.
with their shouts and threats, and the
clashing of their swords and carbines.
In spite of such demonstration, which
called forth but the pretense of an ef
fort from the Judges to put them
down, Ourran persevered and held up
Reynolds to the scorn of mankind
while vindicating the patriotism of his
client. But the jury had been duly
"packed," and Bond's sentence to death
may be said to have been pronounced
the moment after he had been ar
raigned. He wae not, however, hanged.
It was said at the time that he died
in prison of apoplexy, but tlvre is much
evidence to show that he was murdered.
The memorial now erected to him con
sist? of a tablet, telling in the Irish
language and In the English of his ar
reßt in the house on Bridge street. It
may be added here that on the morn
ing after Bond's death (the insurrec
tion being suppressed), negotiations
were opened between the United Irish
men th<>n in custody and the Govern
ment for a treaty, the terms of which
were that the prisoners would tell the
real state of affairs on the insurgent
side without implicating Indvduals
and that the Government on their side
should take no more lives. England,
as usual, broke the compact. One man
was hanged, and — what the patriots
thought worse of — the indemnity act
which was passed described the United
Irish leaders as confessing guilt and
craving pardon, neither of which they
did; and, finally, instead of being al
lowed to go at once abroad, the pris
oners were kept in jail for a year in
Dublin and then thrust into Fort
George, from which they were not re
leased till the peace of Amiens in 1802.
All this is another story, the telling:
of which to-morrow will not, it may
easily be imagined, tend to make loyal
citizens of the people of Dublin.
But thY; commemoration of the men
of "98 and of their sacrifice? is not the
only thing of the kind which is now
engaging the attention of Irish Nation
alists. The ParneU anniversary is ap
proaching, and, as usual, the most ex
tensive preparations are being made
for it by the political followers of the
late Irish leader. Parnell died on the
6th of October, 1801. and that day has
now come to be known as Ivy day. from
the fact that the Ivy leaf has come to
be worn on the anniversary of that day
in honor of Parnell, as the primrose is
worn in England on the Beaconsfleld
or Disraelinn anniversary. But the
public demonstration in honor of Par
nell does not take place then, but al
ways on the following Sunday, when
special trains are run from all parts of
the country for the purpose of bring
ing Parnelfites to Dublin, there to join
in the annual pilgrimage to Parnell's
grave in Glasnevin Cemetery. Hitherto
every successive year from IK9I has
witnessed that annual Pilgrimage, and
generally speaking it has been a won
derful sight. This year it promises to
be an equally remarkable spectacle. All
the usual preparations are being made
for it, and from the indications to hand
It If plain that on Sunday, thp loth of
October, the response will take the
shepe of, in all probability, a larger
crowd than usual. Besides the annual
demonstration in the streets of Dublin
on Ivy day, there 13 always. In addi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
tlon, the annual convention of the Par
neliite or Independent Nationalist
party in Ireland. That convention will
take place this year as usual, and, as
usual, John Redmond, M. P., will
preside at it. It is usually concerned
with the programme of the Independ
ent party for the following year, and
it is not unlikely that, on this occasion,
some reference will be made to foreign
as well as to domestic politics. For
instance, the suggested Anglo-Ameri
can alliance may be expected to come
In for some notice.
PRESIDENTIAL PARTY'S
TRIP TO OMAH-\
In Addition to McKinley's Party-
Many Others Will Albo journey
From Washington.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— Arrangements have
been completed for the transportation of
the Presidential party from Chicago to
Omaha by way of the Chicago and North
western Railroad. It ia expected that the
Presidential train conveying President
McKinley, Mrs. McKinley and staff will
leave Washington by way of the Penn
sylvania Railroad at 9 o'clock the morn
ing of October 10, and be delivered on the
Northwestern tracks at some point out
side of the Chicago passenger station
early on the morning of Tuesday, October
11, and will be taken through to Omaha
without stopping at Chicago. From Chi
cago to Omaha the train will be in charge
"f W. A. Gardner, assistant general su
perintendent of the Northwestern line,
and present arrangements provide for
short stops at Clinton, Cedar Rapids,
Murphallt'iwn and Boone, lowa. It is ex
pected that the party will reach Omaha
early Tuesday. The personnel of the
President's immediate party is as follows:
The President and Mis. McKinley, Sec
retary and Mrs. Alger, Secretary and Mrs.
Gage, Postmaster General and Mrs.
Smith, Secretary and Miss Wilson, Secre
tary Porter, Assistant Secretary Cortel
you, Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn, Cap
tain and Mrs. Lafayette McWllliamß, Mr.
and Mrs. W. N. Babcock. The private
train conveying offtcers of the army and
navy, members of the diplomatic corps
and Government officials will leave Wash
ington by way of the Baltimore and Ohio
Railroad Monday morning and will be
transferred to the Northwestern tracks
early Tuesday morning at some point out
side of the Chicago passenger station and
be forwarded through to Omaha, reaching
there early Tuesday evening. This train
will be In charge of W. B. fCniskern,
general passenger and ticket agent of the
Chicago and Northwestern Railroad, and
it will make such stops between Chicago
and Omaha as are desired by the party,
the personnel of which is as follows:
Army, navy and Go-vernment officers—
Major General Idles, six staff officers,
secretary, Mrs. Miles, Miss Miles, Major
General \V. R. Shnfter, two aids, Major
General Joseph Wheeler, the Misses
Wheeler, Brigadier General Greely, Mrs.
Greely, Brigadier General C. F. Hum
phrey, Mrs. Humphrey, Mrs. Mary How
land, Commodore J. W. Phillips, Senator
John M. Thurgton, G. R. Butler, Lieuten
ant Baker. Mrs. Baker, Supervising Arch
itect J;imes A. Taylor and Mrs. Taylor.
Diplomatic corps — Joaquin Bernards
Calve, Costa Rloan Minister; Wu Ting
Fang. CMnese Minister; Mrs. Wu Ting
Fang and msdd. three secretaries; Chin
Pom Ye, Korean Minister. Mrv. Chin Pom
Ye, Master Chin Pom Ye; Qonzalo de
Quesadn. Charge d'Affaires Cuban Junta
Mrs. Qufsiida, Miss Quesada.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST
Commissioner of Immigration North
Is Making a Tour Through.
the East.
WASHINGTON, Oct. B.— Pensions have
been granted as follows:
California: Original— Richard Soy
mour, Sailors' Home, Los Angel«s, $12;
George Harris, Soldiers' Home, Los An-
Celes. $8.
Oregon: Original— Ephralm Ramby,
Barlow, $12. Restoration, increase— John
H. Reuse, Marshileld, $8 to $17.
Washington: Oregon (special) — James
L. Attebury, South Seattle, $12.
A postomce has bet-n established at
Horstville, Yuba County, Cal., with Peter
M. Rooney as Postmaster.
The name of the postofflce at Messina,
San Bernardino County, Cal., lias been
changed to Highland.
Harry A. Danenhower of San Fran
cisco has received a position In the life
saving station at San Francisio.
Army orders: Private Joseph T. Hall,
Troop M, Fourth Cavalry, Presidio, will
be (I'T-Kireod from the service of tho
United States.
Instructions directing the discharge
from the service of the United States by
the commanding officer of his station of
Private Oscar G. Hille, Company F, First
Tennessee Volunteer Infantry, now at
Manila, are confirmed.
Telegraphic instructions directing the
discharge from, the service of the United
States by the commanding officer of his
station of Corporal George B. Hfthc-r
lngton. Company G, Fifty-first lowa v~;- ]
unteer Infantry, at Manila, are hereby
confirmed.
Commissioner of Immigration North,
for the Northern District of California,
called at Commissioner General Powder
ly'p office to-day. He had a long talk
with Powderly with regard to the office
in California, and spoke in high terms of '
the manner in which the work was being 1
done. North has come East to make an
Inspection of the different ports and to
gain an insight into the workings of
Eastern Commissioners. North left this
evening for Philadelphia.
IMPLICATED IN A ROBBERY.
Assistant Chief of the Fort Worth
Police in a I-redicament.
FORT WORTH, Tex., Oct. B.— Hard D.
Gunnels, until recently Assistant Chief of
Police of Fort Worth, has boen placed
under arrest, charged with complicity in
the Santa Fe holdup near here on July
20. W. K. Petty, one of the men now un
der arrest, who turned State's evidence,
confided In Gunnels, and it is alleged that
the two were to wait until thft robbery
occurred, then make arrests and divide
the reward money. Gunnels has been
placed under $2500 bonds to answer the
charge. i
GHOST OF MARINES
JAIL IDENTIFIED
Peter Nelson Encounters
the Wraith.
STRANGE MIDNIGHT VISITOR
UNIQUE ATTEMPT TO EXTORT
A CONFESSION.
The Brooks Murder Suspect Declares
His Caller Weighed 200 Pounds
and Resembled Sheriff
Harrison.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. B.— The Court
house ghost — the mocking, gibbering,
chain-clanking ghost that has Infested
a cell in the County Jail and struck
terror to the hearts of Weary Willies
and Tramping Trilbies for four long
years— has at last materialized in the
flesh.
Peter Nelson, the former deckhand
on the yacht Chlspa, who was arrested
on suspicion of having murdered Cap
tain J. Moss Brooks, is the one who
made the discovery. According to Nel
son, the ghost weighs nearly 200 pounds
and has a voice so nearly resembling
that of genial Sheriff Harrison that, to
the deckhand's mind at least, the
ghost and the official sustain to each
other the relation of a Dr. Jekyll and
Mr. Hyde.
Yet who will believe for an instant
that the renowed slate* for Sheriff 01
the late Democratic convention could
have been the midnight visitant who
made the local Jail famous as possess
ing a "ghost cell"; who frightened a
Chinese so badly that he commuted
suicide by hanging himself in the cell
with a strip of .blanket; who drove an
Indian from Marshalls, insane; who
forced a man, against whom there was
hardly any evidence, into a confession
of murder, and who has caused tramps
to go down on their knees and beg to
ue released as if their lives were at
stake?
Nelson was placed in this same
"ghost cell," and he asserts that the ef
fort to frighten him into a confession
not only was a dismal failure,, but that
he is satisiled in his own mind as to
the identity of the visitant whose pe
culiar method of extorting a confes
sion would have done credit to Chief
.Lees himself.
"You see," said Nelson, who was re
leased from prison yt-sterday, "the first
thing they tried on me was to take me
at night up to Coroner Eden's and into
the room where Captain Brooks' re
mains lay. They had a light thrown
on the face that gave it an awful
ghastly tint. I was carefully watched
to see if I would make any sign, and
then Sheriff Harrison said In sepulchral
tones:
" 'Nelson, this man's clay calls for
vengeance. Can you say you are not
the murderer in this awful presence?'
"And then District Attorney Marti
nelli chipped in with:
" 'Yes, purge your soul of Its black
stain by telling the story of your ter
rible crime.'
"I said I guessed I would stick to
my original story, and they took me
back to the 'ghost cell.' About mid
night I hoard stealthy steps climbing
up on the cell from the rear. In a mo
ment there was a fearful groan and
Iron chains were clanked on the steel
roof of the cell. You bet I was scared
at first, but I concluded a ghost's isteps
weren't taken according to Hoyle when
they could be heard. So I waited and
at the next groan I was sure I had
my man. I walked to the door where
my voice could be heard and shouted:
" 'Sheriff, come down off there. You
can't work that old ghost chestnut on
me.'
"There was silence and then another
groan, but I distinctly heard the ghost
crawl down and he never had the nerve
to brace me again."
So much for what may itself be only
a fairy tale.
With the release of Nelson poos the
last hope of finding the murderer of
Captain Brooks. The authorities hay*
literally accomplished nothing. For
some time District Attorney Martlnelll
has been too busy doing politics with
Trustee Sylva of Sausalito to find time
for such a small matter as seeking a
murderer, and Elk and Burke, the
other men suspected by the authorities,
have furnished a complete alibi.
Elk has proved by a friend named
Harry Killion that he was at the Or»
ph'Mim Thpater in San Francisco on the
nijtht of the murder and did not go
h<«me until nearly midnight. Burks
was at the Model Hotel on Mission
street, between Third and Fourth.
Mrs. Elk proves by Mrs. Killion that
Burke wrote the letter to Captain
Gutte, asking for her husband a posi
tion as captain of the yacht, and that
there was nothing strange in his know-
Ing it at 8 o'clock in the morning. Mate
Johnson or the ferry-boat San Rafael
met Burke at the wharf in San Fran
cisco on the morning: of the murdar and
told him. Burke then went to Mrs.
Elk's house and wrote the letter.
DR. SAMUEL FARRAR
STRICKEN BY APOPLEXY
Expires Suddenly While Training a
Horse at His Montecito
Home.
SANTA BARBARA. Oct. B.— Dr. Samuel
Farrur died late yesterday afternoon of
apoplexy, while training a favorite horse.
His death was sudden and came as a
great shock to his friends, for the doctor
was apparently In the best of health.
Dr. Farrar came to this city about a
year ago and built a beautiful home in
Montecito Valley, two miles distant. He
was an active citizen and a prominent
club man, having been a member of both
(Vf> Santa Barbara Club and the Country
Club. His loss will be seriously felt by
the city. His home before coming to
Santa Barbara was in Quincy, Mass.,
where he accumulated a large fortune at
his profession. He was well known
through the New England £ts.ies as a.
sportsman and athlete. Since his arrival
here he has spent much of his time with
his fine stable of horses and has trained
several animals himself.
Dr. Farrar leaves a large fortune to a
sister In Boston. He was forty-four years
old.
Smith Will Recover.
LOS ANGELES, Oct. I.— Governor Smith
of the Soldiers' Home at Santa Monica ia
improving steadily, and it Is now certain
that the wounds received from the four
shots fired with murderous Intent by Al
bert Bradley, an inmate of the home, will
not result in death. He passed a restful
night. Bradley, the asailant, is very sick
with nervous prostration.
Passed Counterfeit Money.
STOCKTON, Oct. B.— William Wade, ar
rested last night at New Hope for passing
counterfeit money, admitted his grullt be
fore United States Court Commissioner
Webster this afternoon, and was bound
over to await the action of the Federal
Grand Jury in San Francisco, whither he
will be taken. His bonds were fixed at
$3000.
Bicycle Thief Sentenced.
SANTA CRUZ, Oct. B.— Andrew Garcia
was sentenced to three years in San
Quentin by Judge Smith for having stolen
a bicycle.
CHINESE SLAVE
GIRL KIDNAPED
A Vancouver Mongol
Loses a Chattel.
ROBBED BY HIS COUNTRYMEN
ABE BRINGING THE MAIDEN TO
SAN FRANCISCO.
Lun Too Pays $1000 for a Slant-
Eyed Beauty and She Is Stolen
From His Home With
in a Week.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C. Oct. B.— The
Chinese population of Kootenai is in a
state of deep agitation over the kidnap
ing of a Chinese girl, the chattel of an
Oriental merchant named Lun Foo,
who purchased her several days ago
from Wah Chung for $1000. Lun Foo's
newly acquired property was a pretty
little maiden, soft-eyed and white
skinned. Lun locked his prize in his
house yesterday and w r ent uptown on
business which kept him until late in
the afternoon. When he returned she
was gone.
There was wild jabbering and China
men gathered from all quarters. Luh
set about investigating and found that
three Chinese, new to the city, had ob
tained entrance to his house, dressed
his pretty slave in a boy's suit of navy
blue and taken tickets for San Fran
cisco or Seattle. The wires were kept
hot with messages to officials along the
line to detain three Chinese and the
Chinese girl dressed in English clothes
and looking like a Japanese boy. Lun
went further. He offered $200 for the
return of his valuable chattel.
At Wong Kong's store in the Chinese
quarter the statement was made that
the girl had been taken to San Francis
co for immoral purposes. The police of
that city will, it la understood, be com
municated with at once.
The social purity societies in the
province are shocked by the fact that
Chinese girls are still being sold like
cattle and will have the matter Investi
gated.
BUSINESS PLACES BURNED.
Extensive Conflagration on the Beach
Front at Atlantic City.
ATLANTIC CITY, Oct. B.— The most
costly block of amusements and stores on
the beach front was destroyed by fire ear
ly this morning within two hours of the
time the fire broke out. Twenty buildings,
occupied by fifty business concerns, were
burned and a half dosen families were
rendered homeless. The loss is estimated
at $20o,u<»>. •
The burned district covers the block ex
tending from Tennessee to New lork
avenues and from Ocean avenue to the
beach front. In the confines of the block
were located two large merry-go-rounds,
valued at 120.000 each, and two of the
largest bric-a-brac emporiums In the city,
each carrying a stock valued at nearly
)5000 also the Palace Amusement building-,
recently erected at a cost of $30,000.
ADVERTISEMENTS. vnjv ,-,.. VJI ,
You Sffl^W JNf*& * . * 100I 00
?p^i 11 '"^^^^^^ OTHERS AT $10.50, $15.00, I^SE^OJ
filZL^ J^^^M. 9 $20.00, $25.00 AND UP. \s^yp^^
I %&fff%f %fs?yy*tJl>% i< : - One Solid Mahogany Upright Folding )±r Eg
; J^&S^n, ft^^-M&L ! m Bed, always sold for $75.00, this Solid Oak Extension
|^^T ' Ws&& IS Week $55.00 Tables, large top, AI" "^ If"
a£&&5Z~ &%ss<"'> 1 LARGEST STOCK OF 6 feet long, would A QQ 1 1 0
■ i LARGEST STOCK OF be chea B at $10 . M A I J
\lMJttmm IRON AND BRASS BEDS. ffi0 °:£^;.j" ..,c
■ t *^^fcifa<ajw^|^^3}^^S r^^ Price, 92.00— others at $4.50, $5.00. 25 Golden Oak Dining Tables at $15.00
50.50, $7.50 and up to 930.00. All Brass 20 Golden Oak Dining Tables at
Beds. $35.00 to. f 100. f17.00 Mid »23.00
LACE CURTAINS—DRAPERY FABRICS-- FRENCH SILK TAPESTRIES!
PARLOR FURNITURE.
B.tO OO Parlor Suit— Hand polished, uphol-
stered In flue silk damaak, neatly in-
lald-Sftle Price *1 f». . 5
840.00 Parlor Suit— Hand polished, nicely in-
laid, upholstered in new effects of silk
damask— Price «24.75
810.00 Parlor Arm Chair— lnlaid back, hand
polished, upholstered in French silk an-
mask— Sale Price SO.S.j
88.00 Parlor Rockers— polished, very
neat and attractive design, spring Beat,- up-
holstered in fine assortment silk damask
and velours— Sale Price 84.50
515.00* Morris Chair— Loose reversible hair
cushion*, golden oak or mahogany finish,
extra fine polish and nicely carved—
Sale Price 83.75
825.00 Couch— Tufted, neat oak or mahog-
any finished frame. 32 In. wide, upholstered
in rare old tapestries— Sale Price $15
Our Special Wardrobe Couch, 83.00, must
be seen to be appreciated.
$2.85.
Large Hish Back Hand Carved " Arm - Rock-
er—leather seat that will never sag: fine pol-
ish; regular price 85.50. Will be placed on
sale at the very special — 82.85. - .
&T ALL ROADS LEAD TO PATTOSIEN'S. *&
w •, ADVERTISEMENTS.
KOHLJJROTRAiIii^^
AUTUMN OFFERINGS
New Drpss Fabrics
ASK TO SEE THEM!
Chenille Pierolas,
This is the handsomest Dress Goods Fabric
ever offered to the public. They are 46
inches wide, and we quote for A
FULL SUlT— all shades,
$10.00
Market- street Store Only.
Satin Travers Weaves,
on Popelin Grounds,
IN BLACK ONLY— The effect of this
line of goods Is beautiful. Ihe prices
range from
$7.50 to $18 a suit
Market-street Store Only.
Tailor Suitings,
We carry the genuine "CLAY WORST-
EDS," alsu FRENCH COVERTS.
Both these lines run 60 Inches wide,
and we offer them at
$1.25 to $1.75 per yard
"WE MAKE RT'TTS TO ORDER AT LOW
PRICES— FIT GUARANTEED."
{Market- street Store Only.
Roman and Scotch
Plaid Combinations
The coloring effects of these plaids should
be looked at. They are very rich, at
prices lower than ever before shown.
We offer Silk and Wool Goods at
50c, 60c, 75c per yard
No Trouble to Show Them!
See Oup Window Display!
Market-strett Store Only.
1220, 1222 AND 1224 MARKET STREET.
BEFORE A COURT OP INQUIRY.
Captain Whitney of the Monadnock
Tarried at Honolulu.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— A dispatch to the
Tribune from Washiiwton says: Captain
W. H. Whiting, commanding the monitor
Monadnock. was subjected to a court of
inquiry by order of Admiral Dewey. and
the record of the investigation has been
received at the Navy Department.
The court was detailed at the Instance
of ex-Minister Sewall. who reported to
Admiral Dewey that the Monadnock had
remained at Honolulu, en route to the
Philippine Islands, longer than was neces
sary It was expected that the Monadnock
would reach Manila on August 13, that
being the date estimated as about the
There Is Nothing Mysterious
About the success of this store. It has come easily, naturally. People have
learned to know that we can and do save them money on everything they buy
here. You will not be surprised at this if you but honor us with a call. Will It
not be to your interest to pay us a visit? Say this week. Let us show you
this season's choicest display in Golden Oak Bedroom Sets, Sideboards, But
fets, China Closets and Extension Tables. Its wonderful effectiveness in fur-
nishing and its flavor of antiquity have Justly brought Golden Oak Furniture
into popular favor.
Remember, we show our goods cheerfully and take positive pleasure In
showing appreciative visitors. PATTOSIEN COMPANY.
Carpets and Linoleums.
Axminster Carpets In all the latest shades,
colorings and designs at 95 cents, cost regu-
larly Is $1.23 per yard.
INGRAIN CARPETS-the 55 cent kind can
be had this week for 33 cents per yard.
Best Ail-Wool Ingrains— B3 cents per yard.
Tapestry Carpets— 3o cents per yard.
Others at 55c. 65c and 80c per yard. In-
cluding borders.
LINOLEUMS— yards wide — 45c per yard.
OILCLOTHS— ISc per yard.
We have an excellent assortment of these
goods. f
Lace Curtains.
Tou will like them because they are beau-
tiful. . They are offered at specially tempting
prices.
Regular 112 50 Brussels, Irish Point or Re-
naiseance— pair.
Fine $2 50 and $1 50 Nottlnghams for just
one-half.
Mattings.
' <■'•«■■-!
No. Fancy Reversible Mattings, linen
warp— Reduced from 25c to 15 cents.
w e — Extra quality Japanese Matting, In
satin damask and inlaid designs, cut from
30c to 25 cents. . *
Fine Wilton Rugs.
Wilton - Rugs-Cx9. $T.OO; 8:3x10:6, *| J «
fta.so: 9x12 »l*r.zO
SPECIAL SALE OF
BLANKETS and
COMFORTERS
10-4 Eastern Blankets, fluffy and heavy,
$1.50 a pair
10-4 California Wool Blankets, special bar-
s3.7s a pair
72x78 inches. California Wool Blankets,
warranted all wool,
$5.50 a pair
74x80 Inches, California Wool Blankets,
extra heavy,
$7.50 a paif
Comforters
Full size, 72x7S lnch°s. White Combed Cot-
ton Filled Silkoiine, covered on both
sides, only
$1.50 each
i Silk Finished Cambric Comforters, extra
heavy, white combed cotton filling, ele-
gant designs, only
$2.50 each
j 45x36, PILLOW CASES, splendid value,
9c each
63x90, Hemmed Sheets, superior quality,
35c each
These goods on sale at (Market-
{ street store only.
time the vessel should /each its destina
tion. The ship did not enter Manila Bay
until August 16.
It was hinted that the reason for th»
delay at Honolulu was that Captain
Whiting's family lived at Honolulu and
that he tarried with them, regardless of
his duties elsewhere. Whiting: married
Miss Afong, the daughter of a wealthy
Chinese merchant in Hawaii, who return
ed to his Asiatic home after settling a
large fortune upon his brilliant and beau
tiful daughter.
The court of inquiry has made a report
which Admiral Dewey forwards to Wash
ington with his approval. It is round that
the delay at Honolulu was not longer
than was absolutely necessary, and that
no wrongful action attached to Captain
Whiting in his command of the ship. The
department will probably approve the
finding.
COMBINATION WRITING DESK and
BOOKCASE, mahogany or /|»-g m
oak, with French mirror, worth J^i j
$20. This week V l *'
78
LITTLE THORN
GETS THE COIN
Wins the Pace at Los
Angeles.
BETTORS ROUGHLY HANDLED
OVERWEIGHTED WITH JOE
WHEELER TICTKETS.
Marplot Has a Walkover for the
Derby and La Goleta Takes
the Santa Mortice
Scramble.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
LOS ANGELES, Oct. The crowd at
the track this afternoon was the largest
of the meeting, fully 2500 people being in
attendance. The sport dragged along
vearily, and the last event on the card
had to be postponed. The special trot for
named horses proved a gift for Iran Alto,
hut the free-for-all pace was a spirited
contest. It was captured by Little Thorn,
against which the books laid 50 to 1 for
his first winning heat. The gilding was
not backed, however, to any great extent,
and the ring escaped luckily. Marplot en
joyed a walkover for the Los Angeles
Derby, appearing with Piggott In the sad
dle. In the other two running events
both the Baldwin statle's pair, Los Mo
denos and Rev del Rio, coupled in the
betting, and Rubicon, a . to 2 choice, were
bowled over.
For the first heat of the special trot
Our Lucky was backed to favoritism, but
a break In the stretch cost him the heat.
Iran Aito, driver, by Charles Bunch, won
us he pleased, as well as the following
two heats. Our Lucky was lame, and in
the second heat got the distance flag. It
was a very tame affair.
Much Better received the nomination for
the first heat of the free- for-ail pace,
and, scoring for the word a 2 to 5 favorite,
was in front of her field the entire way.
winning- handily in 2:104. Joe Wheeler
was a very shifty third. The cut was
then shifted and the latter horse was
pounded down from 2 to 1 to 7 to 10 to
take the next heat. Much Better broke at
the turn and Wheeler had It all his own
way, strolling: In leisurely five lengths in
advance of Bc-c-hwood in 2:I4 1 ;. The first
heat winner was !ast, and never cut much
of a figure thereafter. The wise ones then
loaded up with tickets on Joe Wheeler
to win the race, and to-r.ight they are all
overweight. The Fresno ~hors» did take
two heitts and then his onward career
was checked. Little Thorn, the Stockton
gelding handled by J. Thompson, winning
the next three heats and the race.
The four and a half furlong scramble
for two-year-old maidens was an enjoy
able affair for the bookiea. The Baldwin
pair, Los Modenos and Rey del Bio, had
a strong following, being played down
from 8 to 5 to 4 to 5. Carmenita, piloted
by Builman, made all the running and at
the wire won with something in reserve
from Los Modenos.
Three fast lea lined up at the barrier
for the Santa Monica scramble at five
furlongs. Rubicon had a host of friends
and went to the post a 1 to 2 chance
The big chestnut horse ran a smashing
good race, but at the end was beaten a half
length by La. Goleta. the Baldwin filly
covering the distance in 1:00 flat. The
winner was ridden by little Devin the
most promising boy in this section. Amasa
appeared outclassed. Summary:
Special trot 'or named hcrs.es, heats three in
five, purse S6*j.
Iran Alto. b. h., by Palo Alto-Elaine
(Bunch) 1 i i
Mabel McKinney, b. m., by Mckiriney
(Tbornqulat) ' 3 2 2
Nellie B;y, b. m., by Starboul (Owen)... 4 3 3
Our Lucky, b. a., by Rajah (Hackr.ey).. 2 dlat
Time. 2:17^. 2:20. lili'-j.
Pacing, free for all, heats three in five, purse
J ■
Little Thorn, b. g., by Haw
thorne (Thompson) 4 3 3 111
Joe Wheeler, bik. g-., by Sidney
Arr.ett lOwen) 3 112 2 2
Much Better, b. m., by Steinway
i ßunch) 15 2 4 4 3
Rex Alto. b. h., by Aito Hex
(Donaihan) 2 4 4 3 3 dr
Bewhwood, b. m., by Si!kwood
(Baker) -. 2 5 dis
Time, 2:10%, 2:12. 2:C94, 2:li>4, 2:15.
The following are the entries for Monday:
First race. 2:12 trot— Silver Ring, Gutte,
Prince Giit, Ositr.. Lou, Our Jack.
Second race, five furlongs, maidens —
115 Igo I'iv • Angeles ... 106
... Artesia B 10* ... Red Leaf 11l
... Gibbert'f.ibbet. 11l 115 Miss Daly 11l
Ul Reina de Los I 115 itelar ill
Third race, li] furlongs, Belling —
114 San Augustine. 110 114 Ocorona 109
117 Los Madenoß....ll'J (10«) Correct 10S
114 Obsidian .112'
Fourth race, four and a half furlongs, selling.
(lli)Road'tt-armer ...llli (112)Gracias 107
...Wen, ma lr.g; aiO)Mldlove 93
116 Lady Athley 107!
Fifth race, seven furlongs —
111 Petrarch 114] 100 William 08....112
10S La Gcleta 108 (112;Naplan .' S6
95 Viking 107.
McINTYRE'S COURT-MARTIAL.
Findings Will Now Be Sent to Wash
ington for Review.
DENVER, Oct. S.— ln the court-martial
trial of the Rev. Joseph P. Mclntyre,
chaplain of the battle-ship Oregon, to
day, the attorneys on both sides summed
■up the eveldence and made their argu
ments. There were no sensational fea
tures developed. The court then took the
case under advisement. According to the
custom In court-martial trials, the find
ing will be ....... records of the
trial, to the authorities at Washington,
who. after reviewing the case, will make
public the decision reached.
CUBAN TARIFFS AMENDED.
Oxen and Agricultural Implements
to Be Admitted Free.
WASHINGTON Oct. B.— The President
has issued an executive order amending ;
the Cuban tariff bo as to admit Into all :
ports in the possession of the United
States, uuty free, oxen for draught pur- •
poses, bovine animals for breeding pur- ■
poses and Immediate food supply, plows \
and other agricultural implements not '
classed as machinery. This arrangement i
is to be effective until otherwise ordered, j
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
LOS ANGELES, October 8, 1898.— Fifth day of the Sixth District
Agricultural Society Meeting. Weather fine. Track fast.
J. V. .
j F 81 utwr.
117.
3T RACE— Four and a half rur longs, two-ycar-olvJs; purse J2OO.
Index. Horse.
Weigrht.jSt.
Urn.
Jockeys.
'(
'im.
Km.
Str
10€ Carmanita 105) 2
112 Los MoJenos 10$ 1
112 Ir.ola 105 3
106 Key del Rio 103 4
... Pauline Moaher 105 5
... Miss Ma ttlc 105! 6
1 h
2 2
3 I
■i 2
5 I
6
1 3
2 2
3 3
4 2
E 4
6
1 1
2 2
3 2
4 4
5 3
€
1 2 R'jllman
2 4 ■Gouin
i 2 Powell
4 6 Hennesey ....
D 3 Ruiz
6 W. Lee
5-2
S-5 ■
2
! 6
10
•Coupled •Rith Los Modenos. ■ __ _ - _ •.,
Time. -.Si's. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. dinner, S. B. Stroud :
eh. f. by Imp. Conveth-Betsie Briggs-
118.
SECOND RACE— MiIe and a Quarter; three-year-olds; the Los Angeles Derby
value. J345. ':■■:;. -J- .
Index.
Weigh U. St.
J4m.
Hm.
\m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
IIS Marplot 122, J> „. |P
-. .ver.
Winner. Burna & Waterhous^'s b. c. hy Imp. Rossingrton-Marjorle.
i
119.
THIRD RACE—F ive furlongg; vhree-year-olda and upward;
nimble: purge. $''00.
the Santa
Index. X rs» Ap-. V.
:.
Km,
Mm.
* t m.
Str.
MM La QoleU, 3 M l
-. a 110 2
:.a.«a. 8 102 .3
2 h
3
2 1
1 1
3
2 *
1 h
1 n
2 6
3
•Dunn j
PlKirott '
2
1-2
4
Pullman I
Time 1:00. Good start. Won driving. Winner, E. J. Baldwln'a eh. t. by Amigo-Rose
bud.
MARTIMAS WITH
TOP WEIGHT UP
Captured the Rancho
del Paso Stake.
BEN HOLLADAY THE SPECIAL
ALPEN WON THE RICHEST OF
MIDDLE WEST STAKES.
Cains. The Kentuckian, Maddalo,
Lanky Bob. Theory and Annie
Oldfleld Annexed Brackets
at Latonia Course.
NEW YORK. Oct. The racing at
Morris Park this afternoon was of a very
high order of excellence. Martimas won
the Rancho del Paso stake with 122
poundsup. and Ben Holladay captured the
Morris Park special, two miles, with 130
pounds in the saddle, beating a fine field.
The surprise of the day came in the last
race, when Handsel, with Corbley up. won
lat odds of 20 to 1. Shillalah justified the
I confidence reposed in him in the steeple
j chase. Frontiersman left the maiden
1 ranks in the second and Cormorant, a
strong second choice, took the third with
Spencer up.
First race. October handicap, steeplechase,
: about two and a naif miles. .
i •Shillaiah. 162 (Hctcan) i
I Royal Scarlet, 153 (Cochrar.) -
| Wood Piegon. 160 'Ve;tchi *
i tits *"4*
! Russell" Harrison 135 and Perlon 135 also ran.
■ SauEalito odds— 6 to 5, 2 ! - to 1 and Ito _.
I Track odds— <> to 5. 5 to 2 ana Ito I.
> •Favorite.
| Second race, maiden two-year-olds. Withers
mile. ■
Name and Wt. Jockeys. V 4- V Str. Fin.
Fronf rsrr.'n. 109..O'Leary] 0 3 24 24 la
Brass 112 Spencer] - - 111121
Slffleur. 109 Sinuns 3 0 0 0 °
Slasher. 112 Turner; ■; _^ _________
~Time. 1:454- Wen driving. Second and third ;
Fltzfibbona 109, Delicate 105 and Floraline j
£Satisallto odds— VA to 1, ito i a:.! - ; i to 1. j
Track c-3aa— 6 to 1, 6 to L and 3 to _.
•Favorite.
Third race, gelling. Eclipse course.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.; -■ V Str. Fin.
Cormorant. 103 S;encer; : 3 3 i j
•Greaf.and. 105 Turner; * 112;
Tender ss 1 * Moody) 0 0 ■ 3]
Turvey Drop. 1&2.. ..O'Leajyj 3 : 2 0 •
T'.rr.e, 1:14. Won cleverly. Second and third
Hsdo'n, Easter Card 107. Tyrar. 87. Lecita
Smith 102 Campus S7«, Ninety Cer-.U 97. Colonel j
Ter.ny 95. Morning 92, Passe Partout 91 and j
Lepiiia i 2 also ran.
SausaJito odds— 3 to 1, Hi to 1 and 3 to L
Track odds— s to 2. . to L and 4 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Rancho del Paso stake. Eclipse ,
course.
Name and Weight. Jockeys.) Vi- V Btr. Fin.
Martlmas, 122 Taralj 0 3 3 lhj
Lady Lin-Jsey. 1C4..E. Jones', 3:22
•King Barleycorn. 112..Turr.er; 0 0 0 3
•Hlmtime, 109 T. Burns) 1110
Manliua. IC6 Spencer 2 0 0 0
Time. l:tt& Won driving. Second and third
j Cosmopolitan 106. Ocushla 115, PrestHiglta
trice 104 and Ornamental 109 also ran.
EausaJito odds— s •'::• i and 2 to L
Track odd?— 10 to l. 6to 1 and 2to L
•Favorites.
Fifth rare, Morris Park special, two miles.
j Name and Wt. Jockeys. l lin. IVi. IV Btr. Fin.
! Ben Hollauay. 13O..Taral 2 2 5 3 13 12
'■ G»o. Keene. 117-.Cla-.vson 3 3 2 2 5 2 4
! Warrenton. 117 ..Spencer 0 0 0 • I
•All 130 T. Bums 1 111 3 0
! Latson, 117 ■ .■■Littlefleldj 0 0 0 0 0
! Time, 3:33H- W easily. Second and third
i Saosalito odds— 2H to 1, sto 1 and 3to L
Track odds— to 2, 5 to 2 and 4 to 1.
•Favorite.
■Sixth race. Wither* mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.; 54: %. 34: Str. Fin.
! Handsel. 1% Corbleyj 0 0 0 0 IV*
j Max Gomez. 105..OLearyj 1 22 22
1 •Orion. 105 Spencer 2 11 11 11 3
i Ben Ronald. 105. ...Burns 0 0 0 0 4
! Continental. 105.. E. Jonesj 0 2 0 0 0
; Charentus, 105 Coylie, 3 C 0 0 0
i Double Quick, S3.Clawson; 0 0 3 3 0
I Time, UWii Won driving. Second and third
; Tin^'Acre 89. Mazarine 106, Marsian 102 and
! Ben Ronald 105 also ran.
Track odds— 2o to 1, sto 2 and sto 5.
! £au?alito odds— to 1, sto 1 and 2to 1.
j 'Favorite.
ALPEN WON THE GREAT RACE.
Came From Behind and Captured the
Stallion Stake.
CHICAGO. Oct. B.— The Stallion stakes, the
richest prize competed for on '■'■■•' Western
turf since 1894, was wen to-day by Alpen. one
of the three colts, sent to the post by the
Fleißchroanns of Cincinnati. Cleverly ridden
by her. --\.<i Eastern lightweight jockey, the
colt won the race In a drive from Miss Marlon.
a filly owned by Barney Schrelber of St. Louis
and F. H. Brunnell of, Chicago. Dr. Elchberg,
another of the Fleischrr.ann entries, finished
third, five lengths behind Miss Marlon.
The Barrister took the lead at the start. At
the end of the first furlong Miss Marion was
in the lead, with Alpen in second position, •■-
Ing easily, and Sea Lion third. Miss Marion
then proceeded to pen up a cap of four or five
lengths, but Ma:- did not make a move on
Alpea until the field was straightened aVay
for home. Then he settled down and drove.
At the eighth poll Alpen was on even terms
with the St. Louis fllly. Then commenced the
race Alpen showed a disposition to bear In
and Maher had considerable difficulty to keep
his mount from fouling Miss Marlon on the
outside. Kutter. on the filly, finally stralsht
ened up and took her outside, and, driving fu
riously sained a half-length on Alpen before
the finishing line was reached. Alpen, how
ever was three parts of a length ahead at the
wire. The time. 1:18%. was good, considering
the condition of the track.
First race, selling, mile and a, sixteenth-
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j 'j- '/;■ %. Str. Fin.
•Marcato. 112 T. . .Everett! 2 2 2 111
THE SA_S T FBA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
Mr. Easton. 104 Ellis 0 0 0 3 2
Prestar. 107 Gray 11 W W 2 *
Moch, 112 Rutter; 3 3 3 0 0
Time. 1:65%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sir Hobart 10«. Necme 104. Chauncey Fisher
104. Herman Kahn 107. Mlstleton 107 and Nemo
107 also ran.
Sausallto odds to 5 4 to 1 and 5 to 1.
Track odds— B to 1, 6 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Second race, puree, seven furlongs.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.) hi,. \%. V 6tr. Fin.
Verify, 107 B__uc_ainp| 12 12 1212 13
Nivoce. 107 Corner] 3 8 3 2
•Timemaker, U2..McDTd! 0 0 0 0 Xi
j Mar;.- Black. 113.. L. Reiff, 2 2 2 3 0
tVirtually left at the post- , ■ , ,
Time, 1:33. Won easily. Second and third
driving-. __
Jim Brown 107, Nicholas lOt and Sugar Cane
109 also ran. '- ■'" ,„
Sausalito odds— to 1. 50 to 1 and . to 10.
Track odds— to 1, 75 to 1 and 7 to 10.
•Favorite.
Third race. Stallion stake, two-year-olds.
toii.o added, sir furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys, j 4' ■ %- Str. Fin.
•Alpen, 118 Maher'j 0 0 0 12
■ Miss Marlon, US Rutter- 12 111 2
•Dr. Eichberg, 115.. W. Martin 0 0 2 3
Jlr.ks, 115 H. Martin' 2 2*4 0 0
Pea Lion. 113.... J. McDonald; 3 3 3 0
Time, 1:18%. Won eaeily. Second and third
C. H Harrison Jr. 105. The Barrister US.
Chancery IIS, 'Sir Hubert US and Capsicum
IIS also ran. . _
Sausalito odds— Even (coupled with Dr.
Eichberg and Sir Hubert) and 10 to L,
Track odds— Even and IB to 1.
•Favorites.
Fourth race, selling, two miles.
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j lm. IVi. 1»*. Str. Fin.
: •Wlnslcw. 106™.... .Ellin! 0 0 1112 13
Beth. Star, 91 Gray I 0 2 21 2 h
Host. SI Dupe- 111 3 3 3
'■ Lucid, 94 Hol-en 0 1 0 C 0
! Paul Kauvar, 111 .Knap? 3 3 0 0 0
Valid. 91 J. Ward! 0 0 0 0 0
Time, 3:444. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Saoaalito odds— "4 to 1. 4 to 1 and < to 1.
Track odds— to 2. £ to 1 and 8 to L
•Favorite.
Fifth race, full course, steeplechase.
•Populist, 155 Hue*: 13
Jezal- 137 (Eliison) 2 *
Master Fred. 157 (Ray) 3
Time 4:35 1 -.. Won easily.
Troll 126 Orderly 130, Uncle Jim MS and Pro
verb 155 also ran.
Sausalito odds — Even, 4 to I and S to L
Track odds — 3 to 5, 5 to 1 and 6 to L
•Favorite.
Sixth race, celling, mile and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.! »4. **. %i. Str. Fin.
Ha-iir-den, -.:: K.-.app; 3 I 3 Ilia
Elidad, 112....Beaacnamp : 5 24 3 2
Her Favor. 109 Duree; 0 0 0 2 3
Innuendo. 112 ....W. Dean; 1111110 0
Time. 1:55. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Bah: --a 107 ar.d 'Molo 107 also ran.
SausalUo odds— S to 1. 24 to 1 and 4 to 1.
Track odds—* to 1. I to 1 and i to i.
•Favorite.
THREE LATONIA LONG SHOTS.
Caius, Lanky Bob and Annie Oldneld
Fooled Folks.
CINCINNATI. Oct. S.— Lanky Bob. & to 1 In
the betting, won the rich Latonia Autumn I
Prize this afternoon, while Caius (5 to 1) and
Annie Oldfleld (as good as 20 to 1) added to
the agony of the form students. The Ken
tuckian and Maddalo were the successful fa
vorites and Theory was a strongly played sec- :
ond choice in the fifth. Frost rode Annie Old- ;
field, Gleason Lanky Bob and Nutt was on
Caius. The track dried up considerably and
was in good order at the finish of the day's
sport.
First race, selling, one mile.
Name and Wt. Jockeys, V- 4- V Str. Fin.
Caius. 103 ..." Nuttl 0 0 0 0 1
Barbee. S6 Crowhurst 0 0 0 12
Ideal Beau, ST Frost 0 8 0 0 3
Seaport, let Aker' 1 1 11110
Allle Belle, 64.. Thompson] 2 ! 2 0 0
Mordecai, S? Southard| 0 0 3 3 0
Time. l:43Vi. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Dad Steele 5«. Chiquita II 94. Amber Glints
IC3, Raj- H 105. Barton 106 and Albert Vale 106
also ran.
Sausalito odds — 6 to 1, 6 to 1 and i to I
Track odds— to 1, 6 to 1 and 5 to i.
•Favorite.
Second race, two-year-olds, five and a half
furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. i,. \. Str. Fin.
•The Kentucklan. US.Math'ws! 1 lb 11 12
Volandies. 115 i Conley 0 0 0 2
I Holland, 107 Southard; 3 3 3.3
! Pretty Rosie, 100... Thompson! 2 2 10
: Raymond W, lOO.Wedderetr'dj 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:10. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Sausalito odds— l to 3. 8 to 1 and 3 to L
Track odds— l to 3. 7 to 1 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
Third race, selling-, mile and a furlong.
Name and Wt. Jockeys.) '■•» :-s: -s V lm. Fin.
'■ •Maddalo, 112 ....Gllmorej 3 2 IV* 1 2 1 2
Evallne, 108 Morrison 0 3 2 2 2
Vlrgrie O. S3 Southard] 0 0 3 3 3
H. Gardner, 102..Nar\ aez, 1 1 14 0 0 0
iF. Griffith, 33....Chenault| it 0 0 0 0
Time, 1:56. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Dudley E 82 and Donation 98 also ran.
SausaJito odds— to 5, 21- to 1 and 4 to L
Track odds— Even, 13 to 5 and 3 to L
•Favorite.
Fourth race. Latonla Autumn Prize, mile
and a sixteenth.
Name and Wt. Jockeys, j »*. %. V Btr. Fin.
Lanky Bob, 113..Gleason| 0 0 0 3 1
Great Bend, 112.Thomps'r. 0. 3 0 0 2
Sauber, 103 Britton 0 0 3 0 3
Geo. Krats. 110... Powers 2 2 110
Han d Or. 124 Conley 3 0 2 2 0
Mariti. 96 Crowhurst 110 0 0 0
Time. 1:4S& Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
•John Bright 122, Star of Bethlehem 95, Sir
Rolla 100 and Mlllstream 106 also ran.
Sausalito odds— B to 1. 8 to.l and 12 to L
Track odds— B to 1, 7 to 1 and 13 to 1.
•Favorite.
Fifth race, two-y»ar-olds, five furlongs.
Name and Weight. Jockeys. V 4. %. Str. Fin.
Theory. 101 Thompson 24 2^4 0 13 |
Aureole. 107 Conley 0 0 0 I !
•Sis Vie, 10T Britton 0 0 3 3
Yakima, 107 Southard 11112 0
Dolly Regent, 101 M. Dunn 3 3 0 0
Protect, 104 Crowhurst 0 0 110
Tim'>, 1:03%. Won easily. Second and third
driving.
Frances D 107, Rosa Masso 107, Ollla J 107
and Maid of Promise 107 also ran.
Sausalito odds— to 1, 8 to 1 and 3 to 2.
Track odds— 3 to 1, 8 to 2 and S to 5.
•Favorite.
Sixth race, selling, one mil*.
Name and Wt. Jockeys. | M. *4. £. Str. Fin.
Annie Oldfield, 94... Fr05t 0 0 0 8 1
The Planet. 103.. Southard 0 0 3 2 2
•Egbart, 108. .. J. MathewsJ 0 0 0 0 3
T. Simmons, 93.Crowhurst| 1 1 h 1 h 0 0
•Sauterne. 105 N. Hill! 3 2 2 0 0
D. Comedian, 101...Kuhn| 2 3 0 0 0
Leo Lake. 109.. T. Powers! 0 0 0 10
Time, 1:42%. Won cleverly. Second and third
driving.
Fresco 103 and Lyllls 106 also ran.
Sausallto odds— ls to 1, 15 to 1 and 2H to L
Track odds— ls to 1, 15 to 1 and sto 2.
•Favorites.
SALE OF TROTTING
STOCK AT LEXINGTON
LEXINGTON, Oct. B.— Woodward &
lln'a sale of trotting stock closed j
to-day. The chief feature of the sale was '
the two-year-old colt Blennerhassett, full \
brother to Hex Americus (2:11»4). He j
went to B. Tappen of Vienna, Austria, for !
The pale was well attended and i
the bidding very spirited when anything ]
of interest was offered. Flft^-four ani- ;
mals were sold for $15,835, an average of
$355 25. The following brought $500 and
over:
Oratorio. 2:13. b. 9., by Wilkes Boy, dam by
Dictator, W. A. Hadfleld. $1800.
inrTlllTtt. b. c 2. by Onward, dam by
Dictator, B. Tapped, $3300. .
Brown nily, 1, by Patchen Wilkes dam by
Young Jim. J. R. Graham, $1276.
Plnta, ?:13H. b. m., 5, by Manager, dam by
Gray Eagle, W. Buckley, 1725.
Do So. b. m.. B. 'by Dictator, dam by Red
Wllkes. W. E. Spiers, Glens Falls. N. V.. »600.
$2«00.
Bowcrman Brothers have sold the stallion
Eternberg. by WlUtea Boy, to B. Tappen of
Vienna. Austria.
SLOAN SECOND OR
BETTER FIVE TIMES
LONDON, Oct. B.— At the second day's
racing of the Kempton Park October
meeting to-day. Sir J. Blundell Maple's
Constitution won the "Waldegrave Nur
sery handicap of 103 sovereigns. The
Lorlllard-Beresford stables Bayard 11.
ridden by Sloan, finished second.
The Duke of York stakes of 2000 sov
elgns was won by Colonel Pasrefs Sl
renia. M. Clark's Mount Prospect, ridden
by Sloan, finished second. Mount Pros
pect started as a warm favorite and
looked all over a winner until inside
the distance the colt began to
swerve toward the stand and on to
Sirenia, causing the later to swerve back
on Sloan's mount. The finish was most
exciting. Many of the on-lookers expect
ed ah objection would be lodged against
Mount Prospect, but no protest was en
tered. ;•■,'••'
The Half-Moon selling nursery handi
cap of 150 sovereigns was won by T. G.
Cartwrighi's Liswerry. A. J. Sehwabe's
Tortonia, ridden by Sloan, finishing sec
ond.
D. Seymour's Lady Fisher, ridden by
Tod Sloan, won the Stanley plate of 500
sovereigns.
The Kempton Park plate was won by
J. M. Musker's School Girl, ridden by
Tod Sloan.
RESULTS OF THE GAMES
ON EASTERN DIAMONDS
Clubs— W. I* Pel Clubs— W. L. Pc.
Boston M 43 .eiSlNew Y0rk.. .74 70 .514
Baltimore ..93 (9 .655! Pittsburg ...70 74 .458
Cincinnati ..N 58 .6G6 1 Louisville ..tO 78 .45$
Chicago 82 65 .55$ (Brooklyn ...53 87 .379
Cleveland ..7» 53 .156 ' Washington 50 97 .340
Philadelphia 74 6S .521' L0ui5... 39 116 .252
LOUISVILLE, Oct. B.— The Pirates were
badly off in all departments of the game
to-day and the Colonels won easily. At
tendance 1100. Score:
R. H. E.
Louis-tile 3 12 1
Pittsburg 1 8 4
Batteries— Dowllng and Kittrldge; Rosebrough
and Bowerman. Umpires Emslle and Mc-
Donald.
CHICAGO. Oct. B.— -It Louis defeated
Cleveland here to-day in a spinning
pitchers" battle by bunching their hits in
the fourth and fifth innings. The Orphans
then won from the tail-enders by tho
same score. Carsey was very effective
for six innings, but went to pieces in the
seventh, Thornton winning his own game
by a timely double with the bases full.
Attendance 6000. Score, first game:
R. H. E.
St. Louis 4 6 0
Cleveland 3 6 0
Batteries— Sudhoff and Sugden; Fraser and
Criger. Umpire — O'Day.
Score, second game:
R. H. E.
Chicago 4 8 3
St. Louis 3 7 1
Batteries — Thornton and Nichols; Carsey and
Clements. Umpire— Day.
PHILADELPHIA, October B.— The
Phillies by brilliant fielding shut out
Washington and scored six runs them
selves by a few bunched hits and some
loose fielding. Attendance 70S. Score:
R. H. E.
Philadelphia I t" 6 2
Washington ...• C 6 3
Batteries— and McFarland: Weyhlngr
and Farrell. Umpires— and Smith.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— New York-Balti
more game postponed; wet grounds.
BROOKLYN. Oct. The Boston-
Brooklyn baseball game was postponed on
account of the wet grounds.
«
M'COY- MATCHED TO
FIGHT PETER MAHER
NEW YORK, Oct B.— McCoy anl Peter
Maher were matcher yesterday to meet in
a 25-round contest before the Greater
New York Athletic Club on December 20
for a purse of $10,000 and division of the
gross gate receipts.
Chess Match by Cable.
LONDON, Oct. S.— The British • Chess
Club of London has accepted the chal
lenge of the Brooklyn Chess Club
cable match for the Newnes trophy, to
be played early next year.
ORGANIZE TO WAR
ON TEXAS FEVER
Stockmen of Solano County Form a
Cattle Protective Asso
ciation.
SUISt'N, Oct. B.— Stockmen in Solano !
County are determined to take every pos
sible step to eradicate the disease known
as Texas fever that has caused mortality
among their herds. They also Will en
deavor to prevent ita recurrence in the
county. To this end an organization has
been formed, which ■will be known as
the Solano County Cattle Protective As
sociation. The officers elected ar«-: Sam
uel Stewart, president; B. F. Rush, vice
president; E. J. Okell, secretary, and R.
D. Robbins, treasurer. All the prominent
cattlemen in the county are included on
the membership roll.
This is considered the first step toward
a State organization of the kind, having
for its object the framing of the laws
necessary f° r a proper protection of the
stock raising industry. Rince an out
break of ajuhrax has apeared in To!o
County It Is thought the stockmen there
will second the efforts of Solano County
in giving more attention to the quaran
tine laws. Dr. Blemer. United States in
spector, has visited Solano. and spoke ap
provingly of the organization formed, and
of the dipping process being carried out
to check the spread of Texas fev^r. N i
fresh outbreaks of the disease have been
reported during the past week.
SACRAMENTO. Oct. S.— Farmers and
stockmen in the Gait district are alarmed
over the fatal disease known as anthrax
ng their herds. During the past few
weeks Solomon Kreeger, a farmer of this
vicinity, lost ten head of cattle from
anthrax, and V. S. Quiggle lost three
head. It is only within the past few
weeks that the disease made its appear
ance. County Veterinary Inspector Fox
Bald that the facts were of incidental im
■ portance, although, the health office not
| having been informed, it was impossible
i to drtermine what the result would be.
MINOR DAMAGE TO
FRUIT BY THE RAIN
If the Showers Continue Grapes on
the Vine Will Suffer
Seriously.
SAX JOSE, Oct. B.— At the meeting of
the San Jose Grange to-day the opinion
was expressed that but minor damage
had been done to fruit so far by the rain.
If. however, the rain and warm weather
continue, the fruit on the trays and the
grapes on the vine will be seriously in
jured. The rain for the storm amounted
to .25 of an inch, and for the season to
date to 1.93 inches. To the same uate last
year it was .03. w
SUISUN, Oct. B.— Heavy rains prevailed
throughout Solano County yesterday and
to-day. Great benefit will result there
from, and grazing facilities have been es
pecially improved and increased.
STOCKTON, Oct. S.— A thunder, rain
and hall storm struck Stockton at 2:45
o'clock this morning, coming from ♦he
south. It lasted ten " minutes, during
which time .10 of an Inch of rain fell
— " — ♦
MTJRDERS HIS WIFE.
Coloradan Then Attacks Her Brother
and Is Fatally Injured.
TELLURIDE. Colo.. Oct. S.— Dr. O. F.
Mentzer shot and killed his wife last
night without provocation. He then
pointed his revolver at W. E. Monroe of
Cleveland, Ohio, a brother of Mr?. Ment
zer, who was visiting her. Monroe grap
pled with the murderer, and in the fight
that ensued the doctor's skull wa. c frac
tured. It is believed he will die. Monroe
was not arrested.
Dr. and Mrs. Mentzer formerly lived in
Denver. She le. him on account of his
cruelty and obtained a divorce in Chicago.
They "were remarried six months ago.
Mr?. Mentzer being assured that the doc
tor had reformed. It is tKought he was
addicted io the use of opiates and was not
at all times right in his mind.
Colonel Astor Cannot Run.
NEW YORK. f>t. B.— Colonel Jacob J.
Astor has announced that, because of
business demands, he cannot accept the
Republican nomination for Congress in
the Thirteenth District, which has been
conceded to him.
Big Fire at Bed Fern.
SYDNEY. N. S. \V., Oct. S.-An enor
mous fire at Red Fern, the principal sub
urb of Sydney, has destroyed the whole
of the area covered by business shops
and dwellings.
Advances made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
DEATH IS RULER
ON THESE TRAILS
Canadian Routes Found
Wanting.
HARDSHIPS AND STARVATION
SUFFERINGS OF A PABTY OF
CALIFORNIA'S.
Escape With Their Lives and Return
to Report Many Miners Strand
ed and Confronted by
Famine.
Special Dispatch to Th« CaJl.
VANCOUVER, Oct. B.— A. C. Peck, a
tall, powerful-looking Californlan, -who
halls from Los Angeles, has arrived in
this city, after having spent seven
months on the Ashcroft trail and in the
Peace River country vainly searching
far the precious, yellow metal. Mr.
Peck, with three partners— F. W.
Troop, J. J. Shields and M. A Long.
ail of Los Angeles— bought supplies in
Vancouver last March for a long stay
in the northern gold fields. They took
their supplies to Ashcroft by train and
started from the latter place on
March 27.
Mr. Peck informed a Call representa
tive that his experience over the prac
tically unknown route had been awful.
The party encountered bugs and mo
rasses every few miles on the trail, in
which their horses sank up to their
necks and were lost. Some of the pack
animals strayed Into the dense forests
of that district and were never seen
again.
The party had prepared for a long
sojourn In the north and carried heavy
outfits. After losing most of their ani
mals and putting to death some which
were starving, they hired Indian guides
and started out in small boats from
Quesntlle, proceedings by Summit Lake
and Crooked River to Fort MacLeod.
They then, after many hardships and
hair-breadth escapes, succeeded in
reaching Findlay and Peace rivers, and
finally Fort Graham, a Hudson Bay
port. At this point they rested. Long
having given up and the other members
of the party being completely discour
aged. The country for miles around
was prospected by them, but no gold
was found.
Some of the members being then
broken in health and pocket, and sick
ened at the sight of so much distress on
the trail, decided to return, Mr. Peck
being among the number.
Speaking of his trip, Mr. Peck said
emphatically that the two Canadian
routes to the Klondike — the Ashcroft
and Edmonton trails— were simply
death traps, and he wonders now that
they escaped with their lives. Their
escape may have been due to the fact
that their Indian guides took them by
a new route around a part of the trail
where many men are now said to be
stranded and starving. In regard to
the much-talked-of Edmonton route,
Mr. Peck said:
"It was terrible, from what I could
ADVERTISEMENTS. *
_ , . - —
100000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
! NATURE'S OWN REMEDY 1 I
S o
° o
I Another Man Made Happy by This Wonderful Belt %
o " o
O w (fip^cf^' ««~*-~ O
I DR. SANDEN'S ELECTRIC BELT I
0 o
O Is an appliance which is known all over the world for its wonderful tonic influence upon the waning O
O vitality of men and women. Its touch is the touch of life. Warmth and energetic health follow its ©
JO application within ten days. A permanent cure of all weakness restoration of new lire — is assured C
! ° in the longest standing cases within ninety days. ©
li A SAN FRANCISCO MAN CURED. S
| O - SAN FRANCISCO. O
ift DR SANDEN— Dear Sir: I am willing to testify to the grand results I have received from the use of your "Dr. Q
Sanden Electric Belt " I am an engineer on the Southern Pacific Railroad, and have been suffering greatly for the last
O three or four years with lumbago, dizziness, faint and blind spells and a general brokendown feeling, which made it al- O
O most impossible for me to make my run, which is one of the longest on the road. I was advised to try one of your q
Belts and did so. It has completely cured me of all my troubles after two months use, and I can now make my run n
O with 'the greatest ease. I have never had a pain or a bad feeling after five days' use of the Belt, and I have more life V
O in me now than I have had for years. On meeting my friends they always congratulate me on looking so well. I al- U
O ways feel better and livelier than those around me. I will always advise my friends who are suffering as I was to try ©
i X your Belt, for I can lay my restoration to your Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt. J. J. ROCKWELL, 2122 Howard street. _
S IT IS A GRAND REMEDY FOR WEAK MEN. S
O °
10 It assists nature by a general re-enforcement of vital energy by infusing a mild, warming, O
O invigorating current of electricity into the nerves, and by supplying the system with the very O
: ° essence of nerve vigor and nerve strength. ®
I ARE YOU THE MAN YOU SHOULD BE? %
O °
O Study yourself. You can be a stronger man than you are. You should be stronger. You O
O should have more confidence in yourself. Steel your nerves with this electric current. Feel its O
° warming glow as Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt saturates your body with, it. Call and test the power- °
° ful current this wonderful belt gives, and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ignorant of a °
2 remedy which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot 2
O call send for Dr. Sanden's famous book, "Three Classes of men," devoted to the weakness of men ; o
O tells the cause of early decay in young and middle-aged men. It shows how electricity properly o
O applied will restore this power, and gives the proof. Send for it to-day. It is free. A call pre- O
° f erred. Call or address O
1 DR. A. T. SANDEN, l^^K^fXtFr^isco, NOT IN DRUG STORES. °
,ft Colo., 321 Sixteenth street; Dallaa. Tex., 285 Main Btreet: Butte. Mont.. 110 North i our offlrl 7 traveUngr agents; only at J?
jj? Main street. | ur olnce - .: ; «
00 0000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
hear. I met one man— named Kegwin,
of Fresno, Cal.— who, with a party of
twenty men and fifty pack horse?,
started out over it a year ago last Ju;y,
and it took them a year's hard travel
ing to reach Fort Graham. They must
have experienced a terrible time. Start
ing out in the summer they, of course,
took pack horses. Then winter over
took them and they saw their poor ani
mals die off one by one through starva
tion and cold. The party could get no
fodder, and the stories about good pas
ture lands proved myths. Kegwin told
me that when he reached Fort Graham
he had only one horse left out of fifty.
The expenses of the party must have
been enormous. They winter at Fort
Graham and early the next spring will
strike west to prospect P-^lly, Black
and Liard Rivers, where they think
they will find gold enough to pay them
for their terrible trip. Their great
complaint about the Edmonton route is
the great distance and the innumerable
small lakes and streams that have to
be crossed. Kegwin cursed the route
as a fraud and a delusion.
Mr. Peck ar.d his party lost nearly
everything in addition to experiencing
the many horrors of the trail. They
started fur Los Angeles to-night. Many
Americans, including two large Cali
fornian parties whose names they can
not recollect, are. they say, stalled on
the Edmonton trail and will have to
get help before winter sets in or die
like dogs, as they have lost most of
their outfits.
ARRIVES WITH BAWSOjSTITES.
Steam Schooner Rival Brings Miners
and Their Gold.
SEATTLE, Oct. 8. — The steam
schooner Rival arrived this afternoon
from St. Michael, Alaska, with 125 pas
sengers, of whom about fifty were from
Dawßon City. Nearly all had small
amounts of gold dust, ranging from a
few hundred to a few thousand dollars.
F. J. Teeter, who will tell no one
whence he came beyond the fact that
he was away up in the Arctic, is sup
posed to have a lot of gold. Accord
ing to Stewart Brown, he spent a gTeat
deal coming down on the boat.
Thomas Barker, who is accompanied
by his wife and two children, is the
owner of some claims near Circle City.
He is credited with $10,000.
John G. Green, who has been In
Alaska since 1881, is the owner of a sil
ver mine nt-ar Golovin Bay. Mr. Green
does not have a very favorable opin
ion of the recent goid discoveries on
Golovin Bay.
One of the most interesting passen
gers on the Rival was Frank J. Dun
levy, who has visited all the big min
ing camps of the world. Dunlevy wa3
the organizer of the Miners' Associa
tion, formed for the purpose of secur
ing what they considered needed re
forms in the administration of the Yu
kon. Dunlevy pays that he will visit
all the principal cities in Canada, with
the purpose of arousing the electors to
the necessity of a Parliamentary in
vestigation. "When shown the dis
patch from Ottawa stating that Gold
Commissioner Fawrett had been re
moved. Mr. Dunlevy said:
"That will be welcome news to the
miners, who. although they do not im
pugn Fawcett's honesty, regard him as
inefficient and lacking in executive ca
pacity."
Continuing, he fbM: "The removal
of Fawcett, however, will not satisfy
the miners. If certain abuses in the
way of granting concessions to indi
viduals are not corrected I predict that
not to exceed J1.000.w0 in gold will b*
taken out of the country next year."
Dr. Geikie Still Lives.
LONDON, Oct ■ ■ announcement
that the Rev. Dr. Cunningham Geike, the
au'hcr of "The Life and "Works of
Christ " is dead, was a mistake. It Is
his brother, John Geike, who Is dead.
FOOD FOR CUBA'S
STARVING PEOPLE
General Wood's Labor
of Mercy.
ALLEVIATING THE DISTRESS
SITUATION SERIOUS AROUND
SANTIAGO.
Rendered Desperate by Hunger, Isl
and Soldiers Leave the Ranks
and Form Into Bands
of Brigands.
Social cable to Tfce Call and the N>~
H«-raM. Copyrighted, ls;S. by Jam*s uoc
don Bennett. ;
SANTIAGO DE CUBA, Oct. B.—Re
ports to-night from Cuban leaders state
that many cases of outlawry have oc
curred in Camagruey district. Owing
to lack of food among the Cuban sol
diers the commanders cannot restrain
the soldiers, who are leaving the ranks
for the hills in great numbers. Band 3
of brigands infest the district, robbing
and destroying plantations. The situ
ation is considered very serious.
Colonel Carolos Garcia has received
a long dispatch from Colonel Namada,
commanding m the Tunas district
stating that famine exists there and
that many are dying from : f^™" o^
He sends an urgent appeal for food and
clothing. Colonel Garcia will ha\e a
conference with General Wood to-mor
row and see if it is possible that re
lief can be sent. Even if it is decided
to allow supplies, the greatest difficulty
will be in the transportation, as the
rainy season has now set in In the
province, rendering the roads impass
able. Although he has been Promised
the position of Chief or Police in the
semi-military police force contemplated
in the province, Colonel Garcia is un
decided whether or not to accept, ow
ing to the critical state of affairs in
the province. . .
General Wood this afternoon ordered
the lighter Los Angeles, which took a
battalion of the Third Immures to
Manzanillo on Thursday, to return im
mediately and take 100,000 rations to
Guantanamo to relieve the distress
General Wood proposes to institute
immediately a system of ration distri
bution by which destitute Cubans in
the eastern part of the island can be
reached. He will send the rations reg
ularly to Baracoa, Sagua de Tanamo,
Guantanamo. and, later, to Manzanillo
by boats. He will have food sent to
the interior by pack trains.
The suffering of poor people is acute
and it is General Wood's purpose to re
lieve the distress as far as possible.
The food will go to the women and
children and pacificos only. No armed
Cubans will get anything. Ten thou
sand rations will be sent to Cobre to
morrow in charge of Lieutenant Regri
of the Third Immunes.
Yorktown to Be Commissioned.
WASHINGTON, Oct. S.— Orders have
been issued by the Navy Departm
have the Torktown, now at Mare I
put in commission at the earliest. possible
moment.OF ? INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Ple»so Mention "The CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
Artistic Furniture and flrt Wars Importers.
117 vSUTTER STREET.
~ AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock ril I ID £. f A 11 Montromerr St..
Auetlnnet-rs. Ill— Hl 11 vU- San Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
U'\l <rHOFVIKfi Shipping trade supplied-
M n- sLnULl>ll>U) £2S Broadway street.
BELTINQ.
LF DFfiFV Manufacturer of Belting and
. r. I.CUL.% Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
«lon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repairs and Ship Work.
Office and Works— ll3-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
842 to 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals. Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'BDIPW *• T C" -Makers an.i Dealers In
DttlCn (1 OU^JLantiaus. Hacks. Victorias,
Carts a.nd Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
Bt., San Francisco.
CASCA FESRINE BITTERS,
The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic. Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
CEUTICAL CO., 1517 Market st.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
J. C. WILSON & CO.,
900 BATTERY STREET.
Telephone Main 1564.
COPPERSMITH.
Jnf,. r », Fox. Bupt H. Ulyth. Ms-
C. W. Smith. Ship Plumbinz. Steamboat
•nd Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 13
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5641.
_____ „_
dentist!
DR. C- W RICHARDS, &. l^ tI %W
DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO. ff o ce n cc s ts da i s^7n n
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD BROWN & SONS
411-413 California street, reap.
Capital Represented over $14,000,000
FLOUR.
KiTliWil Flour Mills. J. Martenst.-.n & Co.
HAIIUnAL BW. cor. Battery and Pacific sta.
FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
JAS- BOYES & CO., Shipping Butcher*. !M
JAj. DUILO a LU., Clay. Tel. Main _4.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., lmporters £ Dealers
in Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
SLATE TICKET
GOES THROUGH
Marin Democrats Name
Candidates.
JUST A MERE FORMALITY
CHOICES OF THE MACHINE
HAVE A WALK-OVER.
In Only Two Instances Are There
Semblances of a Contest, and.
Then the Intruders Are
Turned. Down.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX RAFAEL, Oct. B.— The Demo
cratic County Convention held in the
Fupf-rior Court room of the Courthouse
to-day was an example of what can be
accomplished by practical politicians In
the way of preparing a slate. There
were only two Instances in which the
semblance of a contest took place — in
the nominations for Coroner and Pub
lic Administrator and Auditor and Re
corder—and then the daring interlopers
were well punished for their temerity in
trying to interfere with the ambitious
plans of the local Board of Political
Strategy.
The convention was called to order
by J. H. Wilklna, and James W. Coch
rane was placed In the chair. S. Her
tog, George D. Shearer and James
Manney acted as secretaries. A com
mittee on credentials was appointed, as
per slate, in the persons of Trustee
, R. M. Donne, Thomas E. Mit
chell, Thomas O'Connor and M. Dol
ofi platform, J. H. Wilkins, B. F.
Sillier, !■;. 1.. Samuels, J. W. Keyes and
■ i>. Shearer; permanent organi
zation and order of business, W. C. Ma
honey, ML K. Cochrane, Thomas Frost,
Frank Mulhern and William Kelly.
For the committee on platform J. H.
"Wilkins handed In a report "congratu
lating the nation on the hap^- termi
nation of the war with Spain," de
nouncing the alleged "shameful and
unpatriotic effort being made in this
campaign by the Republican :>;irty to
take all the credit for the conduct of
the war and to trade on national
achievements for party success"; urg
ing the hj Iy completion of the Tib
uron boulevard, and the sprinkling of
all public roads and highways; and
promising undying support to the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
W^W^~ SOMETHING NtSW (
If ARTIFICIAL TEETH ( {
VI IN APPEARANCE THEY ARE FAR SUPERIOR TO THOSE IT
/ If you have lost your natural teeth or Intend to have them extracted and /J'
/ artificial teeth Inserted it will be to your advantage to give us a call. I
I PAINLESS EXTRACTION-A SPECIALTY. W
\ Gold Fillings from '*•?%?* ' y #
1 Gold Crowns, 22k, from J;*'" /
k 1 Bridge Work, per tooth, from 2'r «J» #
>1 Plates from per tooth, from q>-*.ou /
1 Plat— fron^^^.. * 4 -°»
yV fILL WORK WARRANTED. 1
I \ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, Iv
I * DR. T. 3. MlCOina, PROPRIETOR, |\
figi g Over Cafe Zinkand. 927 MARKET STREET. Fifth Floor. Elevator. g »
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
L S^9 LD HARNESS CO., 211 Larkln St.. 9. P.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturers of all
kinds of Harness and dealers In Bugirlea.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HUNTERS" EQUIPMENTS.
Oil MO Hunters' Equipments. Fishing
llllt\S\ Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc fiend
UUIIIJ for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVB,
w 739 Market street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton & Hediey. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every De-
scription Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Butter St..
San Francisco. Telephone Me In 91*.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blfinkPts. Casslmeres. Tweeds and
Flannels, 535 Market Ft., Pan Francisco, Cal.
Goods for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPANIES.
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
BTZ * CO.. Agents.
101 California «t-
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE nnPVHIDn Mattress Co.. 642 Mission
I IIC DCnnflAnU st. Telephone Main 1*74.
PAPER DEALERS.
Vi/ll I AMCTTE PULP AND PAPER CO..
WILLhIYILI I I 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
Tl!» <">M»«t TiT-m and T^nrv^nf fttoek.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CKASE,
» and 30 O'Farrell St.
A rorr>« of expert tuners and repalrer*.
, , %-
PRINTING.
EC HIIPHFQ PRINTER.
• W- 111 1 \J Vll tl—v!>» 511 Sansome street.
SOAP.
GD I rrV X- C(\ 123 California street.
. K. LLWI 0. WU,, room 87. Tel. Main 1681.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c% e a PARTRIDGE SSgffß;
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, SSSy» a SSt .
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLCTT WAREHOUSE CO..
rorwardlng Amenta and Publlo W«H:h«r«.
General Btoraee. Free and Grain Warehouse*.
General office. 210 California St. Tel. Mala Ul4.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLEr \.I>E & retail: send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO.. 9CS Howard.
WATCHES, ETC.
TI I'VnV Headquarters for fine Jewelry an*
• LL.lUli full IS-lc Wcddlnc Rincs. 4 3d mV
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
tion. Planing, turning-. 417 Mission, tel. M E927.
Democratic platforms, State and na
tional.
After a brief recess the machine wu
set going. In rapid succession, there
being no opponents in the field, the
following were nominated by acclama
tion:
Louis F. Dunand for the Assembly;
Henry Harris'>n (incumbent), for Sher
iff and Tax Collector; W. I. Pixley for
Assessor, and T. J. Fallon (Incumbent)
for Treasurer.
Emrnett Hayden and Eugene Connell
contested for Auditor and Recorder.
Connell was the slate candidate and
received 38 votes to Hayden "s 25. Th.-n
the work proceeded as follows:
Hugh Mclsaacs for District Attor
ney; Miss Belle Brown f*>r Superin
tendent of Schools, and Chaiiea Mc-
Neil] for County Clerk.
Here came the second and last hitch.
T. S. Malone went atrainst Dr. John
Spottiswood of Mill Valley for Coroner
and Public Administrator. The phy
sician from Louis James' territory got
45 votes and Malone 18.
Augustus Avcry was named for Sur
veyor; David Kelly fur Supervipor from
District No. 1; J. H. Farley for Super
visor from District No. 5; M. C. Duf
ficy for Justice of the Peace of F;in
Rafael Township; Louis Hughes and
M. o'Hrien for Constables, and .T. H.
Wilkins for chairman of the Demo
cratic County Committee.
INDORSES REPUBLICANS,
Ban Mateo's Democratic Convention
Shy on Candidates.
REDWOOD CITY, Cal.. Oct. S— On
September 24 the Democrats of San Ma
teo County held their convention at £>ao
Mateo, but were not able at that time
to complete their ticket. To-day they
met again and made another attempt to
nil the ticket, succeeding only in part.
The following nominations were made:
County Clerk, David Ring of San Greuro
ria; Assemblyman, F. W. Eaton of Pan
Mateo- Superintendent of Schools, Miss
E. Tilton, the Republican candidate find
Incumbent, indorsed; Coroner. James
Crowe, the Republican candidate and
Incumbent. For the office of Tax Col
lector and County Surveyor the Repub
lican candidates and incumbents were In
dorsed, but on reconsideration of a com
mittee of five- these offices were declared
vacant This committee was Instructed
to find candidates for the offices of
Treasurer and for County Assessor. Be
ing unable to find likely candidates these
offices were declared vacant, as several
delegates declared they did not wish to
make this a Republican convention.
The nominations for Justices of tho
Peace were as follows: First Township,
W Haggerty; Second Township, Mr. Mat
tingly; Third Township, J. Hannon:
Fourth Township, Mr. Simmons; Fifth
Township, C. F. Walker.
WENT ON A SPECIAL TRAIN.
Gage's Speech Heard by Pacific Grove
and Monterey Crowds.
PACIFIC GROVE, Oct. B.— A special
train was run from this place and Mon
terey to-n'.ght to accommodate the crowd
of people who wished to attend the Gage-
Neff rally in Salinas. The train left at 7
o'clock, leaving Salinas for the return trip
at the close <>f the speaking. Nearly 300
persons went from the two towns. The
Pacific Grove brass band accompanied the
party The Thomas Flint Republican
Club of Monterey attend the rally in a
body.
THE SA^ FTIAISTCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
GENERAL BARNES
AS A NIGHTMARE
GRIM AND AWFUL
Disturbs the Sleep of
Maguire.
CONFESSION OF HIS GUILT
TELLS SALINAS CITIZENS HOW
'TIS DONE.
Gifted Orator Addresses a Monster
leathering and Describes Some
of the Fads of the Single
Taxer.
Special Dispatch to Tho Call.
SALINAS, Oct. B.— Such an outburst
of enthusiasm, genuine and sponta
neous, as greeted the Republican cam
paign orators to-night, had never be
fore been witnessed in Monterey
County. General W. H. Barnes on his
arrival was met and welcomed at the
depot by a large crowd and escorted to
a hotel, where a reception for over an
hour was held to permit citizens to
grasp his hand. Over three hundred
visitors came from Monterey, and a
procession of 500 men, with banners,
torches and fireworks, escorted the
Bpeaker to the pavilion. The streets
were illuminated with red fire, while
cannon boomed. At the pavilion the
crowd was so dense that the street out
side was packed.
There were over ISOO present. Two
bands discour: rl iusic for the assem
blage. A telegram from the State Com
mittee chairman was read, mentioning
the sacrifice General Barnes has made,
as his son was about to leave for Ma
nila.
In opening. General Barnes dealt with
the platforms and principles of the par
ties. It.- spoke of the glories achieved
under the Republican banner, the
greatest of which was the obliteration
a few months ago of all sectional feel
ings, as was evidenced by the sons of
Confederate sires marching under
Old Glory and singing Union hymns.
Referring to present platforms, he said
the Republicans had one, the others
none.
As to Gage, he was known as being
honest all through; the people irrespec
tive of party in Los Angeles spoke thus
of him. The general, Bpeaking of
Gage's opponent. Baid:
"I don't like to talk about Judge Ma
guire, but he talks so much about me.
I'm Maguir*' 1 .-: nightmare. He does not
gv to bed without talking and praying
that he be delivered from Barnes. When
he dreams he sees me sitting on his
bosom like a hideous joss and beating
out his brains. He Is unjust. He says
I'm a railroad man — a human locomo
tive that shrieks and whistles when the
railway company pulls the throttle.
Magulre, when he says this, says what
Is untrue. He knows that before either
of us had anything to do with the rail
road I was, as 1 am now, a Republican
lawyer. He knows that the Southern
Pacific nor any o-ther corporation hu^i
ever owned one hair on the top of my
head."
General Barnes then paid Magulre an
excellent compliment, speaking of him
as» a Judge, saying, however, that since
Maguire left the bench he had as many
fads as a lunatic In the Stockton Asy
lum.
"Maguire," said the speaker, "does
not like Gage nor his style. He says
Gage keeps his hands In his pockets.
That is true. We can't say the same
of Maguire, who has had his hands in
the treasury for over twenty years."
< '"Titinuing, General Barnes spoke In
favor of the Nlcaraguan canal, the an
nexation of Hawaii and the holding of
every inch of ground fought for and
gained by our brave soldier and Bailor
boys in the war with Spain. He denied
that Gage was now or ever had been in
any manner, directly or indirectly, con
nected with the Southern Pacific Rail
road Company. He urged all voters to
stand by the party and vote to sustain
the administration by electing only
good and true Republicans.
General Barnes spoke for two hours
and held the immense crowd's close at
tention, despite the fact that when at
about the middle of his speech an alarm
of fire was sent in from an outside box
by some miscreant, supposedly with the
purpose of creating a panic and con
fusic-n in the pavilion. A few calm
words by the general and others stilled
the commotion and the meeting pro
ceeded quietly.
People still throng the streets, cheer-
Ing for Gage, Neff and the Republican
ticket from top to bottom.
ENTERS THE CAMPAIGN.
Stanford Wants the Tax on Its Prop-
erty Abolished.
STANFORD, Oct. B.— ln San Frnnclsco
the Alumni Association of Stanford Uni
versity has been agitating the <|ueHtion
of taxation of Stanford University prop
erty for some time, until now the work
lias centered in the students and faculty
of this place. The three factors are
thoroughly aroused. A mass-meeting has
been called for Thursday night, and in
dications are for an energi-tlc campaign
throughout the coming political light.
Dr. Jordan, in speaking of the matter
this afternoon, said: "This is the only
State in the civilized world that requires
such a thing, and it ought to be aban
doned. Emerson says: 'A dollar in a
university is worth more than a dollar
in a jail,' and we believe this should be
considered at all events. At present we
are fighting for Stanford, although I be
lieve all such institutions should be
freed."
Republican Rally at Eureka.
EUREKA, Oct. B.— The first Republican
meeting of the campaign in this city was
held to-night. Bonfires blazed, and a big
torchlight procession, headed by the
Barham Drill Corps and a band, paraded
the streets. Fireworks illuminated the
route The meeting was held in Armory
Hall, which was crowded by an enthusi
astic audience. Congressman Barham
and Hon. Oregon Sanders spoke. The
meeting was presided over by Senator
Gillett. _■
Nineteen Hundred Club.
The following officers were elected by the
Nineteen Hundred Club last Thursday even
inn- President, Charles Freeman Johnson;
vice-president, Mrs. Nellie Holhrook Hllnn;
correspond un nei:retary, W. K. Liittle; record
in' secretary. Dr. J. H. Simpson ; financial sec
retary Mrs. Rope M. French; auditor. Walter
8 Gray; treasurer, J. H. Dorian; depository,
Columbian Hanking Company; executive com
mittee— Charles Freeman Johnson, Mrs. Nellie
Holbroofe Blinn, Mrs. Rose M. French. Dr. J.
M Simpson, J. H. Dorian, Walter S. Gray, W.
E. Little. _
Gardiner for State Senator.
RED BLUFF, Oct. B.— The Democratic
Joint Senatorial Convention last night
nominated George E. Gardiner, an attor
ney <>f Orovllle, who will oppose. Dr. Mag
ga'rd of this county, the Republican noml
nee. Marion Biggs first received the Dem
ocratic nomination and declined.
i Marlborough Gave His Sister Away.
LONDON, Oct. B.— Lady Lillian Maud
Churchill, sister of the Duke of Marl
borough, was married to-day to Cecil Al
fred Grenfell. Ir.e Duke of Maryborough
[ gave his sister away.
GAGE'S NAME FIRST
ON THE BIG BALLOT
How the Several Nominees Have
Fared in the Make-Up of
the Official Ticket.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. B.— The official draft of the State ticket to be voted
at the November election was completed this afternoon by Secretary
of State Brown. The names of the candidates are arranged alpha
betically, and this places Gage first on the ticket. Maguire's name is
third.
This morning an effort was made to have the arrangement of Ma
guire's name changed, so that his party designations would begin with
"Democratic." E. M. "Wardall, chairman of the Populist State Central
Committee, contended that party designations should proceed in the order
in which the nominations were filed with the Secretary of State. He as
serted that the filing of Maguire's People's party nomination had been pur
posely held back, so that the Democrats would get in first.
Secretary of State Brown replied that he placed the designations on the
ticket in the order in which the nominations were received, without regard
to the time of filing. He said that Maguire having been nominated first
by the Populists and later by the Democrats designations were so given.
The names of candidates, with numbers, party designations, etc., will
appear on the official ballots exactly as follows:
GOVERNOR.
1. Henry T. Gage of Los Angeles, Republican, United Labor Party.
2. Job Harriman of Los Angeles, Socialist Labor Party.
3. James G. Maguire of San Francisco, People's Party, Democrat, Silver
Republican.
4. J. E. McComas of Pomona, Prohibition.
5
LIEUTENANT GOVERNOR.
6. James Andrew of North Berkeley, Socialist Labor Party.
7. Edward L. Hutchison of Los Angeles, People's Party, Democrat, Silver
Republican.
8. Jacob H. Neff of Colfax, Republican, United Labor Party.
9. Robert Summers of San Jose, Prohibition.
10 *
SECRETARY OF STATE.
11. Charles F. Curry of San Francisc >, Republican.
12. Emil Liess of San Francisco, S> oialist Labor Party.
13. R. A. Thompson of San Francisco, People's Party, Democrat, United
Labor.
14. J ,W. Webb of Fresno, Prohibition.
15
CONTROLLER.
16. Edward P. Colgan of Santa Rosa, Republican.
17. .T. L. Hierlihy of Alameda, Prohibition.
15. T. W. Mapies of Sumner, People's Party, Democrat, United Labor Party
Silver Republican. '
19. John Robertson of Cotati, Socialist Labor Party.
20
TREASURER.
21. E. M. Dewey of Tulare, Socialist Labor Party.
22. Will S. Green of Colusa, People's Party, Democrat, United Labor Party
Silver Republican. '
23. Truman Reeves of San Bernardino, Republican.
24. C. B. Williams of San Francisco, Prohibition.
25
ATTORNEY GENERAL.
26. H. P. Andrews of Red Bluff, People's 'Party, Democrat, Silver Repub
lican.
27. J. H. Blanchard of Los Angeles, Prohibition.
2i. Tirey L. Ford, Republican, United Labor Party.
29. A. F. Strawn-Hamilton of San Francisco, Socialist Labor Party
30
SURVEYOR GENERAL
31. I. M. Mulholland of Independence, People's Party, Democrat, Silver Re
publican.
32. J. George Smith of Emeryville, Socialist Labor Party.
33. Green Spurrier of Modesto, Prohibition.
34. Martin J. Wright of Sacramento, Republican, United Labor Party.
3a
CLERK SUPREME COURT.
36. Lemuel D. Bibble of Los Angeles, Socialist Labor Party.
37. W. P. Fassett of Winters, Prohibition.
88. H. A. McCraney of Sacramento, People's Party, Democrat, United Labor
Party.
39. Georgp W. Root of San Francisco, Republican.
40
SUPERINTENDENT OF PUBLIC INSTRUCTION".
41. P. B. Gallagher of San Francisco, Socialist Labor party.
42. Thomas J. Kerk of Fresno, Republican.
43. Fanny M. Pugh of Oakland, Prohibition.
44. Christian Runckle of Dutch Flat, People's party, Democrat, Silver Re
publican.
45. Jane A. Roulston of San Francisoo, Socialist Labor party.
46
SUPERINTENDENT OF STATE PRINTING.
47 Leroy S. Atwood of Stockton, Prohibition.
48. A. Conti of San Francisco. Socialist Labor party.
49 Alfred J. Johnston of Sacramento, Republican, United Labor party.
50. E. I. Woodman of Sacramento, People's party, Democrat, Silver Repub
lican.
51
ASSOCIATE JUSTICE OF THE SUPREME COURT.
52."William M. Conley of Madera, People's party. Democrat, Silver Republi
can.
53. Thomas B. McFarland of San Francisco, Republican, United Labor party.
54! T. M. Stewart, Prohibition.
55. Robert Thompson, Prohibition.
56. Walter Van Dyke of Los Angeles, People's party, Democrat, Silver Re
publican.
57. William C. Van Fleet of San Francisco, Republican, United Labor party.
58 '.
59
PROUD RECORD OF
THE ADMINISTRATION
Senator Perkins at Marysville Re
views the Good That Has Been
Accomplished.
MARYSVTL.I.E, Oct. B.— The Republi
cans of Yuba and Slitter counties Joined
to-night in extending to United States
Senator Perkins a rousing ovation. The
seating capacity of the Marysville Thea
ter where the meeting was held, was se
verely taxed. Many persons were com
pelled to stand in the aisles. The assem
blage was called to order by Wallaca
Dlnsmore, chairman of the County Cen
tral Committee, who introduced Gavin
W Hutchins as president of the meeting.
Mr Hutchins named the following vice
Presidents- J F. Barrie. J. H. Jewett. D.
E Ki"ght, G. W. Hutchins, 'Justus
Greely E ! H Hudson, H. R. D. Town
send J F Luttrell, Martin Sullivan,
limuel Garber, J. A. Maben. Charles
llJuKoocl M E Sanborn. A. H. Hewitt.
LT Crane ' C N. Jenkins, Wesley Wal
ton, Gotlieb Steber, J. E Boorman Henry
Berg, Richard Belcher, O.WSutltffe.E.
Brow, J. C. Bradley. M. A. Marcuse, Eli
"avis T. B. Hull, Dr. J. H. Barr and Dr.
W. W. Russell.
Senator Perkins opened with a refer
ence to the days when Marysville was
his home, and the kindly fee ing he has
ever held for the place and its citizens.
The Republican party, he held, had no
promises to make, and Republicans could
point with pride to the record of th^ new
administration which took charge on y
eeventecn months ago. The Dingley bill,
though handicapped by the war. had done
an that was expected of it Exportation?,
for the year endtnsr June 30, IS9B, exceeded
those oPthe previous year by $180 000,
while the importations in the same time
were $l-"i 000 less. Since January 1 of the
nYesent year to June 30 $100,000 000 worth
of ' gold was imported, putting more
money into circulation than would all
the mints if open to the free coinage of
silver for three years. The wool interests
of the State were greatly benefited under
the bill. Thirty-three million pounds pro
cured last year meant an advance to Cal
ifornia alone of $2,000,000. Cattle and sheep
were worth 50 per cent more since the re
turn of prosperity. The present Congress
had done more for the laboring class than
had any previous Congress in twenty
years The speaker cited the adoption of
the Non-Partisan Labor Commission bill,
the railroad arbitration and the eight
hour bill.  _ __
Senator Perkins was followed by W. M.
Cutter, nominee for State Senator, and
C G. Raub, nominee for the Assembly.
Music interspersed the speeches, and the
meeting adjourned with three cheers for
Gage Neff and the Republican party.
MEN OF THE RAND
HEAR TWO SPEECHES
Hon. J. C. Needham and State Sen
ator Smith Deliver Addresses
at Randsburg.
RANDSBURG, Oct. S.— The reception to
Hon. J. C. Neejdham and State Senator
S. C. Smith was an enthusiastic one. Af
ter a hearty supper tendered by the Re
publicans at Johannesburg, the party le"ft
for Randsburg. Monster bonfires, colored
lights an"d fireworks such as never beforj
wore seen by the natives of the desert
were features of the Rarid.sburg recep
tion.
The Carlton Theater was packed to
the doors. Owing- to the heavy winds no
overflow meeting- could be held. Hon.
John C. Qulnn introduced the speakers
Needham spoke on national issues, taking
the position that the tariff was no longer
an issue and the money question had been
settled by the verdict of '96. He thought
the people were well pleased with the
present administration and it should he
sustained. The President would be help
less without a favorable Cong-a-sis Ho
explained the present status of the rail
road debt, showing that Congress had
settled it if the company accepted the
terms; if the company refused he de
clared emphatically for foreclosure
Qmi?^ 11 *? 1 was followed by Senator
Smith, who also spoke on national issues
making a strong plea for the election of
Congressmen in sympathy with the Presi-
CAMPAIGN FORMALLY
OPENED IN SACRAMENTO
Republicans TJrg-ed to Indorse Mc-
Kinley's Administration With
Their Ballots.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 8.-The Republi
can State campaign was formally opened
to-night at the historic speaking place,
the old pavilion at Sixth and M streets!
by a tremendous throng. The enthusiasm
was intense, and a brass band stirred ud
a lively spirit of patriotism while the
crowd was waiting for the speakers Ex-
Senator Finley R. Dray was chosen
chairman, and Introduced the orators of
the meeting— A. P. Van Duzer and Frank
McGowan of San Francisco.
Mr. Van Duzer attacked James G
Muguire on his single tax doctrine, main
taining that If encouraged into life it
would prove a mischievous measure, and
that under its terms farmers now pros
perous would be mere tenants on the land
they own.
Frank McGowan declared that Califor
nia this year must sustain McKinley's
administration and must send on to the
President a mighty cheer in the shape of
a vast Republican majority. The events
of the war had proved the wisdom of the
nation standing at the back of the war
President in the settlement of the ques
tions now undergoing solution, promi
nent among which he named the building
of the Nicaragua canal and the disposi
tion of the Philippines.
MAGUIRE MAKES
VOTES FOR GAGE
Speech Delivered at Ukiah a Boom
erang to the Single Tax
Statesman.
UKIAH, Oct. B.— James Q. Maguire ad
dressed a grood-sized audience in this city
to-night. The hall was nicely decorated
and nis speech was well received. Mr.
Magulre occupied two hours allotted him
in defending himself from the charge of
sandlotism. There was a noted absence
of land owners, and his speech drove many
Democrats to the Republican ticket.
Advances mad? on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES |
"ffiUMUHR hit sl-
um HIS STOMACH."
Physiology Throws New
Light On the Old
Saying.
It Is popularly held that what the
sun is to our solar system, the heart
is to the human system — the center of
life and energy. And so, coined in our
common speech, are a multitude of
sayings, which recognize in the heart
the center of mental, moral and physi-
cal life. Thus we speak of the "de-
sire of the heart," of heartache and
heartbreak. We say of a man he is a
hearty man and that he is a hearty
eater, so associating both cordiality
and appetite with the heart.
was too stout. I weighed
Jts&jib ' BareßmL 185 pounds, height 5 feet,
fii§§p3S=S^ »>• 44 years old, mother of
•' : 8Br II " our children. One day I
ftpsa _ _H was making the fire and I
■I - l "s!f^ /^^t picked up a piece of pa-
7^v <^^i \*ZsfrM . i per out of one of your
L I\C i \ ] I, L • f flf books an it described my
iil\ it MM v l' I |!\L * n 1 (if I•• • • I case so closely I thought I
Mil |i M||! ii ifiMfv *"£?• h 1 lii •'•. I 'til' would try Dr. Pierces
•l<! l' Hi|l !i"M'l\ J',l* Ii! 'i I'll' medicine. I handed it to
!l I 1 i 1i 1 !V»ll' Va=-s*« ( !i /»'•'.! !'! my husband and he said,
t#«fe i! !M 'I nil/ /•I w I ! ' Well - you might try it, if
'ft / !' •' /JT/ JT / rip«fi« ( Jk!/ ? " is not like all the rest'
V ii ii M iiiiA t C^Ulli'C I I 111 I sent to the drugstore
•I' ' /liJ.'lU^^ / — Hki *y '.llj/l and got a bottle; I took
•'ii hujr 1 na i '»,' two doses and slept good
I! 'My y^ 1 that night. I kept on
11. ''/ X \J{{! taking it. I did not take
M.M '/ i,*. <4bl. \l\ quite six bottles of the
I'll'! I I *T TLwit-n fill Golden Medical Discov-
J|[ ,1 I I I _^*^ / V-l er until I felt like a new
• ;«,IJil 1 I*t- * yi7*/J){l woman. People were sur-
• I,; / 1 rTVV A Mjnj prised, for my neighbors
Perhaps it is but a natural re- K$ .•^f*..'-;U^O :<^'^>;V/l^^^^S.X'iii" < -|
suit of this view that the instant f& ilY^^^t^^ff^SX^^yA
the heart is affected, off we go K& \*^tf£Sg£s SSv^|l
to the doctor, no matter what teti-'KWffiHvlf ; T*rl '•,*>').' 7 -A; ' x "%**pl
the fee. We suffer all sorts of £^"~ 7 \i' t i f^''''*'''^l^^^
pains in the stomach. We en- /^/ I \\ :^U'i;:l?l^'?&2l&&^
dure much from the torpid liver. ///' * A \^^l!>L^^^k
We put aside the thought of &^^ L*f^M \£2«^r^?^s?&
danger to the lungs by saying: L^3. *Y^Vf*S^'NVi?&V^#sia
"Oh, it's only a cough. It will H-JgS '•'' v>\ : *!^ ' J*V " V?
go away after a time." But *■*• "^7^ *• *♦
when the heart gives an uncom-
mon pulsation, or when it beats
too quickly, or seems to miss
an occasional beat, nothing will do but
an Immediate examination.
Yet physicians affirm that organic
disease of the heart is rare. Perhaps
only once in a hundred times where
there is derangement of the heart is it
found to be due to a disease of the or-
gan itself. In the other ninety-nine
cases it is functional. Functional dis-
ease of the heart means that the func-
tions of the heart are interfered with
by an abnormal or diseased condition
of some other organ, and this organ is
generally the stomach.
Through the sympathetic and pneu-
mogastric system of nerves, which are
distributed to the heart and stomach in
common, the heart at once sympathizes
with any disturbance of the stomach.
The great organs of the body are de-
signed to occupy a certain space in the
cavity of the trunk in which they are
so nicely arranged.
When the stomach is overdistended
by eating, or when Indigestion causes
the gas from the fermentation of half
digested food to innate that organ, the
stomach extends outside its allotted
bound, the heart is encroached upon
and crowded, and then follow short-
ness of breath and irregular, palpitat-
ing action of the heart.
Now in ninety-nine cases out of one
hundred, supposed heart disease Is
functional and curable, and in every
such case no other medicine will so
quickly effect a cure as Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery. It is an
axiom that diseases which originate in
the stomach must be cured through the
stomach. It is in line with this axiom
that the "Golden Medical Discovery"
works its logical and legitimate cures.
By strengthening the stomach, by pro-
moting the flow of the digestive Juices
the digestion is improved, the stomach
restored to its normal condition of
health, and the functional disturbance
of the heart thereby corrected. Thou-
sands of people who believed they had
heart disease have been radically cured
by the "Golden Medical Discovery." It
cures indigestion or dyspepsia, weak-
ness of the stomach and all affections
of the nutritive system, except cancer
of the stomach.
Among the commonest symptoms of
these derangements and weaknesses of
the digestive and nutritive system are
frequent attacks of bilious or sick
headache, bitter taste in the mouth,
tongue coated white or covered with a
brown fur, "backache" and tired feel-
ings, lassitude and a sense of debility.
There is generally depression of spirits
and a decided tendency to be discour-
aged, and despondent; there Is loss or
irregularity of appetite, uneasiness or
undue fullness In region of the stomach
after eating; sometimes sour Btomach,
"heartburn," nausea and "water-
brash," flatulency and acrid or sour
eructations or "risings" soon after eat-
ing; the bowels become Irregular, us-
ually constipated, and occasionally
subject to diarrhea, attended with
colicky pains. Not often Is there any
pain experienced In the region of the
liver, but it is sometimes accompanied
with "sideache." The foregoing symp-
toms are not all likely to be present
in any one case, nor are any two cases
alike in every respect.
"1 never took any medicine that did
me so much good as Dr. Pierces,"
writes Mrs. Sophronia McCrea of Cas-
tleton, Hartford Co., Md. "When I
wrote to you I was Buffering from such
a pain between my shoulders I could
not draw a long breath at times, and
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES
had a soreness across my shoulders and
breast upon rising in the morning. I
suffered off and on for eight years, try-
ing different physicians and asking
different doctors what caused this, but
with no satisfactory results. I took
medicine, and at last I said I would
not take any more. I couldn't even do
light work with any ease, nor do much
of anything that caused me to bend
over; couldn't sleep at night, had terri-
ble headaches and numbness in my
arms and hands. I was taken with a
pain around my heart while eating din-
ner one day, but thought it would pass
away. It did not, however, so I felt
compelled to rail in the doctor. He
said, 'Why, you have no heart trouble.'
I said it must be — I could not lie down
my heart beat so (as I called it)
through my head. He left me medicine,
and it lulled the pain for about three
weeks. The pain annoyed me at times
for twenty-one nights; I had not slept
nor did I want much to eat. All I
seemed to want was rest. Some said I
knew how I had suffered."
Such results as these are not obtained
by stimulation. There Is no alcohol in
"Golden Medical Discovery." and It
contains no whisky or other stimulant.
The secret of its healing power lies in
its prompt and powerful action on the
stomach, the organs of digestion and
nutrition and the blood-making glands.
Another specimen case is that which
follows where years of suffering could
have been saved by a timely use of the
"Discovery."
"Six years ago my stomach and heart
troubled me so much I had to do
something, as the doctors could not
help me," writes Mrs. S. A. Knapp of
San Jose, California (Box 392). "I went
I to San Francisco and had treatment
and was better for some time, then it
came back. I then used Dr. Pierces
Golden Medical Discovery and 'Pleas-
ant Pellets.' These medicines cured my
stomach. I do not have the pain and
indigestion as I did. It is very hard
for me to tell you what I suffered be-
fore I commenced taking your valu-
able medicine. I recommend it to all
the sufferers whom I meet."
Although sweet to the taste "Golden
Medical Discovery" contains no sugar
or syrup, and does not favor fermenta-
tion, but tends to check it. Its sooth-
Ing effects are promptly felt and ac-
knowledged by the irritated organs,
good rich, red blood is produced, the
nerves are nourished and become quiet,
the body puts on muscular flesh, lurk-
ing poisons are cast out of the circula-
tion and the entire system is estab-
lished on a plane of sound health.
For more than thirty years Dr. R. V.
Pierce has been chief consulting physi-
cian to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgi-
cal Institute of Buffalo, N. Y. He in-
vites the sick to consult him by letter,
absolutely free of charge. Write in the
fullest confidence. Every letter is held
as a private communication and treat-
ed as sacredly confidential. Write
without fee and without fear.
Self-interest prompts the dealer
sometimes to offer a substitute as "Just
as good" as Dr. Pierces Golden Medi-
cal Discovery- If it is only "just as
good" there's no object In taking an
untried medicine In place of one with a
record of countless cures. There is
nothing made by an even trade and no
boot. The medicine should be better
than "Golden Medical Discovery" to in-
duce you to purchase it. The record
shows that there Is no better, medicine
for all diseases of the stomach and
nutritive system, or which have their
origin in faulty digestion or mal-as-
similation than the "Discovery." So If
the dealer offers "something better"
you can be sure he means better for
himself and not for you, because it
pays a better profit. Nu;
"Never look a gift horse in the
mouth" Is a saying which does not ap-
ply to Dr. Pierces generous gift of his
great medical work — The People's
Common Sense Medical Adviser. This
book invites the examination which it
fully repays by the fullness of the in-
formation crowded into Its 1008 pages.
The richest information of the ripest
minds, the harvests of the scientist, the
gleanings of the specialist, are but feat-
ures of this great book. It is to the
body what the Scriptures are to the
soul, and has been well called the
"Bible of the Body." This work is sent
absolutely free on receipt of stamps to
pay the cost of mailing only. Send
twenty-one ' one-cent stamps for the
edition bound in paper, or thirty-one
stamps for the cloth-bound edition. Ad-
dress Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo. N. Y.
THIRTIETH ANNUAL PICNIC
Of the A.O. fl., Division- No. 1, B. of E.
AT HARBOR VIEW PARK.
SUNDAY, OCT. 8.
VALUABLE GATE PRIZES. "
Prizes for Jig Dancing, Running and Other
Prizes for Games.
Music by the Celebrated CADETS BAND
and PROFESSOR MCCARTHY, the Irish Piper.
DR.MOTJLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
i- Special 1st cur«?» Private, Nervous, and Blood
! enses of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
■ Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20 y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoursfl
: toBdally;6:3oto6:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call.oraddreaa
Dr. P. ROBCOE MeNUI-TY,
26% Kearny (St., Ban Francisco, OaL
910
WILL ARREST
FOUR MEN FOR
CONSPIRACY
Grand Jury Is Now
Fighting Mad.
AFTER THE SCHOOL BOARD
SAYS THE THEFT OF LUMBER IS
PROVED.
Unable to Indict Burns and Others,
but Will Prosecute Them
in the Polica
Court.
Sensation follows sensation in connec
tion with the lumber frauds charged
against the School Board. The Grand
Jury, having found itself powerless to
indict several persons whom It believes
to be guilty of gross frauds, as was
foreshadowed in The Call two days ago,
has stripped to the waist, so to speak,
and casting aside all regard for prece
dents, will enter the arena of the Police
Court In an attempt to punish the guilty
parties.
The Grand Jury is mad all the way
through, and while it is about th« job
proposes to make a clean sweep, arrest
Ing four culprits instead of two, as was
the original Intention. With a grim de
termination, like that which was char
acteristic of the old '49ers, when they
wanted justice administered," the pres
ent jury will not stop on the order of
Its doing, but will go and do. Although
unable through legal technicality up to
this time to indict the culprits connected
with the ferry depot steals, it has by no
means abandoned its efforts, and there
Is a strong probability that something
new will develop in that direction very
soon. Having found evidence sufficient
to catch other culprits in the School
Board swindle, it has undertaken to
swiftly do them up through the Police
Court, and will then turn its attention
to the Board of Supervisors, concerning
whose alleged misdoings the jury has
had information of late. It will con
sider a damaging report concerning them
from a special investigating committee
within the next few days. Another com
mittee has the registration frauds in
hand, and will probably report in favor
of two indictments. Before the Grand
Jury closes its efforts next January a
number of guilty officials and contract
ors are expected to be in the toils.
Rumors were abroad Friday that the
Grand Jury would report two indictments
in connection with the School Board lum
ber frauds, but these were mislead
ing. Assistant Prosecutor Dunne had
made a convincing statement to the jury ,
that while the evidence was sufficient in j
two of the cases to prove guilt, it was ;
all of a nature showing misdemeanors j
and not felonies under the law, and !
therefore only the Police Court had ju- I
risdictlon.
The jury therefore proceeded Saturday S
morning to Presiding Judge Belcher's |
court for further information. There a
remarkable scene took place. Foreman .
Hecht addressed the Judge as follows:
"I would like to know if it is proper"
to submit to this court and to make a
part of its records the minutes of the :
last meeting of the Grand Jury?"
"No, it Its not," replied Judge Belcher,
"although the jury is really a constitu
ent part of the court."
"Well, then, I would like to give you
an oral report," returned the foreman.
"This Grand Jury has been investigating
the lumber scandal in the School Depart
ment, and has found the subject a most
fruitful one. Evidence so direct and de
cisive has been secured that the Grand '
Jurors are unanimous in their opinion as
to the guilt of Contractor Swift and
School Board member Burns. There is
no manner of ■ doubt about the matter.
Before we reached a conclusion the most
exhaustive testimony was taken. We
found that these two men deserved to be
indicted. In one case there was a clearly
proven conspiracy to defraud the city j
and in another a felony was committed. ;
The District Attorney, however, has pro- j
pounded the law to us and has shown, ■
that in order to draw proper indictments !
it will be necessary to name dates and
places. This we could not do with the
evidence in hand. To get such we will
probably have to go all over the matter
again. We have further been informed
that a conspiracy cannot be recognized
by the Grand Jury. One of the guilty men
was a conspirator. We cannot recognize
the guilt of the other officially because it
was a misdemeanor. Judge, we were be
tween the devil and the deep blue sea,
and almost reached the conclusion that
these guilty men would have to go free.
so far as this jury was concerned. - In
view of this condition of affairs and the
obvious inadequacy of the law, 1 would
like to report upon the uselessness of the
present Grand Jury system. It is a howl
ing farce. The evidence was so simple
and straight in these cases that no court
in the land could have failed to bring in
a conviction in either one, yet we are
powerless to act. I would respectfully
suggest that the Grand Jury be abol
ished." N
When the Judge had finally recovered
the breath that had temporarily forsaken
him during this onslaught, he replied:
"The Police Court only has jurisdiction
In misdemeanor cases, as the prosecutor
has stated, and you cannot indict for con
spiracy. However, as you say you are
sure of the guilt of the parties mentioned,
I would declare that it is your duty, hav
ing the evidence in hand, to Instruct. the
chairman of your School Board committee
to at once swear out warrants in the
Police Court and push these cases to a
conclusion. If you can possibly find a
felony indictment in one of the cases it
is your duty to continue labors to that
end. I agree with you that the Grand
Jury .is an out-of-date institution and
ought to be abolished."
At this Interesting Juncture -Prosecutor
addressed the court, saving that*
a way had occurred to him in which one
felony Indictment might be brought by
following out a new line of evidence, and
he would ask that the matter be held in
abeyance until Home future time, so as
to give the jury an opportunity for fur
ther consideration.
The jurors were given leave to retire
and did so, with much more cheerful
countenances th.an when they filed into
the court room. Once in their quarters
the question of pushing the cases in the
Police Court was disposed of by instruct
ing Chairman Irving to get out the neces
sary warrants. Later in the day the
prosecutor and Mr. Irving met and dis
cussed the question of issuing warrants
before night. Then it developed that two
more men than the two already mentioned
might be arrested for complicity In the
conspiracy to steal lumber, provided a
little time was allowed in which to ob
tain certain evidence. It was accordingly
decided not to secure any of the war
rants before next Tuesday.
The prosecutor resolutely refused to
give any information as to the Identity of
the third and fourth persons Implicated
In the Job. In fact, he would not say that
other arrests were contemplated, Irving
■was also reticent, but the facts leaked
out nevertheless, all of the grand Jurors
being cognizant of them.
Prosecutor Dunn, speaking of the mat
ter said: "Within a few days everybody
will know what we propose to* do. i may
state, however, what has actually tran
spired up to the present time In connec
tion with the lumber steal. At the outset
the Grand Jury took testimony on tw»
lines — one against Swift for felony in the
collection of false and fraudulent claims*
the other against Swift and Burns for
conspiracy to commit a felony, by ar
ranging to file and collect false "and frau
dulent claims. I suggested tnat so far as
Swift was concerned the law was simple
and that there were no difficulties in the
way. As against the other the law was
in such shape that it was possible to in
dict, but I was still in some doubt as to
the Jury's jurisdiction. The «_rrand Jury
■was anxious to have me draw up indict
ments forthwith, and on last Friday I
prepared to write out one against Swift
and another against Burns and Swift to
gether for conspiracy. Then I discovered
that the statutes would not permit of the
recognition by the Grand Jury of the con
spiracy charges against the two men. as
the same constituted misdemeanors and
were only subject to police court action.
I at once telephoned to Chairman Irving
of the Committee on Schools, and when
he came to my office I informed him as
to the facts. We spent two hours to
gether in going over the whole ground,
and finally decided that it was best to lay
tho difficulty before the Grand Jury Sat
urday morning. This was done. At the
same time I advised the Jurors not to
rely altogether upon my opinion, but to
go Into Judge Belcher's court, state the
cases to him and ask whether or not I
was right. This suggestion was adopted
and the Judge sustained my views.
"I will further state that the Grand
Jury tried hard to frame a charge against
Swift on lumber frauds at the Hamilton
Grammar School. Judge Belcher has
suggested that we had better not return
an indictment for felopy against him just
at this time, but try to get further evi
dence so as to make one that will hold.
That is what we will do. In the mean
time there will be some police court war
rants issued. These will come very soon,
early next week."
DEAF MTJTES IN COURT.
The Charge of Battery Against J. P.
Howard Dismissed by Judge Low.
"This is the quietest and most peace
able case I have ever tried," remarked
Judge Low yesterday morning after he
had delivered his decision dismissing a
charga of battery against J- F. Howard,
a deaf mute.
Howard was accused of striking Mrs.
Anna Sherman, a deaf mute, on July 5
last. The witnesses in the case, Including
the defendant and complaining witness,
were all deaf mutes, and Sergeant John
Green performed the duty of interpreter
with his usual skill. There was dead
silence in the court room, the only voices
heard being the Judge's when asking a
question, and the serg-t^uit's when relat
ing the answer.
The evidence showed that there was no
battery, and Howard, who Is a respectable
young fellow, was promptly discharged.
When the deaf mutes left the court room
all except Howard held an indignation
meeting In the corridor, and the way
their fingers were manipulated was a
source of wonder.
FIGURES FROM ASSESSOR'S RECORDS
REFUTE STATEMENTS MADE
REGARDING FAVORITISM
IN ASSESSMENTS.
JOHN D. SIEBE,
Republican, Non-Partisan and Popu
list Nomine* for Assessor.
John D. Siebe, the Republican nomi
nee for Assessor, has had a very flat
tering tribute paid to his administra
tion of the affairs of that office dur
ing the past eight years by having nis
candidacy Indorsed by both the. 2son-
Partisan and Populist parties. It Is a
part of the political creed of Populism
to denounce corporations and to claim
in a general manner that these insti
tutions are usually the recipients of
more than their share of favors from
public officials. The municipal con
vention of the People's party did not,
however, find aught in any of Mr.
Siebe's official acts that showed unjust
discrimination on his part in the as
sessment of corporations, and for this
reason, as ',\»-ll as his demonstrated fit
ness for the position, they indorsed him
as their unanimous nominee.
During the eight years Mr. Siebe has
served as Assessor he has conducted
the affairs of the office in an upright
and businesslike manner, and in mik
ing assessments has been Just and con
servative in his treatment of both rich
and poor, aimir- as nearly as possi
ble to equalize the burdens of taxation.
In the matter of assessing banks and
franchises of corporations having spe
cial privileges Mr. Siebe's political ene
mies have endeavor* 1 at various tim-'S
to question his Judgment, and some
even have gone so far as to question
his honesty in this respect.
A few figures taken from the recirls
of the Assessor's office demonstrate
that Mr. Siebe has exercised sound
judgment in dealing with the subject
of assessments of banks and franchises
of corporations, and they refute en
tirely the assertions uf those who ac
cuse him of assessing with prejudiced
judgment any class of property.
In 1890, the last year of Mr. Siebe's
predecessor in the Assessor's office, the
assessment of banks was J0, 14ft, 321,
while for the present year the assess
ment of the banks is $10,319,256, being
an increase during the eight years of
Mr. Siebe's administration of $5,169,-
»35. In 1890, the assessment of the
franchises of corporations having spe
cial privileges was $4,831,250, and for
the present year the assessment is $11,
026,400, an increase of $6,195,150. This
shows a total increase in corporation
assessments from 1890 to 1898, the pe
riod of Mr. Siebe's incumbency, or $11,
305,085.
In the year IS9O the personal prop
erty assessment roll footed up $66,082,
372, and in ISSB it amounted to $68,695,
110, showing an Increase of but $2,162,
738. When it is considered that there
is an increase in the assessment of
banks and franchises of corporations
having special privileges of $11,365,085
from IS9O to 1898, it certainly disproves
the assertion that the burden of taxa
tion has been increased on the poor and
lightened on the rich.
It shows conclusively that personal
property has decreased materially with
the manufacturer, tradesman and
householder, and has been increased to
the amount of $11. 365, 0^5 with corpora
tions. This increase has been a grad
ual and orderly one, spread out over
a period of eight years, and it demon
strates the wisdom of Mr. Siebe in an
eminent degree.
To have made a radical and exten
sive increase in these assessments
within a period of one year would have
been fraught with great danger to the
city. Thst any radical increase in the
assessments of banks and corporations
would have been bitterly contested in
the courts goes without saying. The
expense of litigation would have been
heavy and would have been an extra
burden upon the taxpayers. During
the time the matter was pending in the
courts, and the litigation could and
doubtless would have extended over a
period of several years, the city would
have been forced to get along without
a dollar of taxes from any of these
banks or corporations. The outcome
of any such proceedings would be prob
lematical, but the chances are that the
city would in the end be beaten.
Mr. Siebe's course has the approval
of a majority of the taxpayers, and
this approval will undoubtedly be man
ifested in a splendid majority for the
Republican nominee when the votes
shall have been counted after the elec
tion
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
A HANDSOME FOUR-MASTER.
n~*HE new schooner Just launched at Eureka has been named James H. Bruce, in honor of the respected marine surveyor
lof the Fireman's Fund. She is I>X feet long, -87 feet broad 12.5 feet deen and will carry 725.000 feet of lumber. She is
1 owned by H. D. Bendixsen, James H. Bruce and others, and from Eureka will go to Port Blakeley to load lumber ror
Newport. Captain Lnristian Petersen, who has been master of the 6chooner Ethel Zane ever since she was launched,
eight years ago, will command the Bruce.
TRANSPORTS
AGAIN READY
FOR MANILA
Four of Them to Sail
in a Week.
LAST OF THE DERELICTS
TUG MONARCH BRINGS IN A
PORTION OF A RAFT.
Captain Friis of the Bark Martha
Davis Arrives Too Late for His
Wedding, but Neverthe
less It Took Place.
The transport Ohio reached port early
yesterday morning. She was oft the
heads last Friday night, but Captain
Boggs would not take any chances, so he
anchored his vessel until daybreak. The
Ohio came via Nagasaki and Kobe, mak
ing the run from Manila in thirty-four
days. She brought up the following- dis
charged soldiers: H. A. Abbey. Eben L..
Boyce, John F. Gardner, A. Hill, D. L.
Parsons/ Charles J. Roth and Wade H.
Spencer. As the vessel required fumigat
ing, she was sent to the quarantine sta
tion, and was not released until late in
the evening.
Three transports are now in port, and
th.' Newport is hourly expected. The
Valencia, which got in Friday afternoon,
is in splendid shape, and could start back
I again to-morrow. The Ohio is covered
' with barnacles below the water line, and
will have to go on the drydock. The
Senator Is being overhauled at the Union
Iron Works, and will not be ready for
sea before the 16th inst. By that time the
Ohio, Newport and Valencia can be got
■ ready, and the chances are that all four
vessels will go out together.
The Indiana, which sailed from Manila
two days before the Ohio, and which,
when last heard from, was coaling in
i Yokohama, is hourly expected, and may
yet get in before the Newport. Should
she do so, she will, of course,
be added to the fleet. In that
event, about 4500 troops could be taken.
General Miller and his staff will go on the
Newport, so that vessel will be the flag
ship.
After the Indiana and Newport none of
the transports are expected until the 20th
inst The City of Rio de Janeiro sailed
from Kobe on the 4th Inst. She brings
bac-k all the invalided soldiers, and will
not hurry here from Japan. After the
men have been landed she will be re
turned to the Pacific Mail Company, as
she is urgently required for the Chinese
| trade The City of Puebla. which left
! Nagasaki on the 3d inst., will go back
again as soon as she has been over
hauled, however, as will also the Penn
sylvania, St. Paul and Arizona. It will,
therefore, be the end of the month be
fore the tast of the men at the Presidio
will get away for Manila.
There are no more derelict rafts float
ing around the ocean. The last of the
menaces to navigation was brought in
by the tug Rescue yesterday afternoon,
and only a few floating piles are left as a
remindeV of what nearly sank the steamer
Santa Rosa and her couple of hundred
Dissenters The portion brought in by
th£tu# was the last of the lumber raft,
! and is claimed by the crew of the steamer
: Whitesboro. The latter vessel picked up
' the derelict off Pigeon Point and towed it
I into Santa Cruz. There it was left in
charge of watchmen, who only gave It up
o an agreement that all their rights were
to be ?fpoe™ed. There will be litigation
over bothrafts before the claims for salv
ag A e rth r ur Se'waU & Co. of Bath. Me., have
laid the keel of a fine steel ship, which
Is to be the largest American merchant
man afloat She is to be named the Ar
thur SewSa in honor of the head of the
fi The Marlon, Chilcott and the/^rskine
M Phelps left Baltimore within a few
da'vs of each other for this coast, and a
small watrer depends upon the outcome.
The Dirigo is the only steel ship of all
American make afloat, and is on her mai
den voyage. The steel ship Dirigo was
built at Bath, Me., but her steel plates
were rolled in England, while the Phelps'
were completed In the United States. The
Marion Chilcott was formerly the Brit
ish ship Kilbrannon. She was wrecked
in Puget Sound, and purchased by Seat
tle parties, who repaired her and gave
h< r the name of Marlon Chilcott. She
Is a fast vessel, but Captain Graham of
the Phelps is confident that he will over
come the Chilcott'6 start of four days
and reach his destination first.
Another four-masted schooner has been
added to the coasting fleet. The Daunt
less was launched at Hoquiam a few
days ago, and will shortly load lumber
for this port. She is 173 fe*t long, 37 feet
broad and 12 feet deep. She is owned
by a San Francisco Joint stock sompany. i
Captain H. A. Friis of the bark Martha !
Davis has become a benedict. Wednes- ;
day last he was married to Miss Carrie I
C. Cohnick. and will return from his hon
eymoon tour in time to take his vessel to
sea this trip. The Martha Davis seems to
know when there Is a marriage ahead of
her and acts accordingly. When Captain
Soule was master of her he made up his
mind to get married, and the date was
set. It was set for such a date as would
give him ample time to navigate the
bark here from Honolulu and have a few
days to spare In which to buy weddin?
presents. What did the Martha Davis do
but get becalmed and not show up until
a week after the wedding day?
Exactly the same thing happened in the
case of Captain Frils. The day for the
wedding was set and the bark knew It.
so Instead of coming up from Honolulu
in sixteen days and less, as she has done
dozens of tinies. she was thirty-two days
on the passage, and Captain Frils was
late for his wedding. It was at first In
tended to postpone the ceremony until
the return of the vessel on her next trip.
but the gallant skipper was afraid the
Martha Davis might play him another
trick, so he got married at once. No bet
ter '.iked or more able shipmaster come?
into the port of San Francisco than Cap
tain Frii.s and his many friends on the
water front Join in wishing him many
happy year? of married life.
Captain Allen of the Bteamor Del
N'orte was badly bruised by a tiling- full
of goods falling on him. He will be laid
up for pome time, and Captain Stock
fl< th of the Crescent City wil take his
vessel out.
Asthma, bronchitis, ratarrh curoiruarant'd. Dr.
Gordio, Sanitarium, SHPine. nr. Kearny. 3.F. Cal.
Missionary Workers.
The programme for the tenth annual
meeting of the Pacific Branch Woman's
Foreign Mission Section, which is to be
held in Central Church on Mission street,
between Sixth and Seventh, on October
II to 14 inclusive, has been prepared.
Tuesday afternoon there will be a meet
ing of the section's executive committee,
and in the evening the session will be
opened by Mrs. C. V. Kummer. president
of the society. During the four days'
session leading ministers of the city will
made addresses. Letters from mission
aries in foreign lands will be read at the
meetings, and dlscusions on current sub
jects will be had. On Thursday evening
Rev F. B. Cherrington, D.D.. who for a
number of years was a Methodist Epis
copal missionary in India, will deliver
an address.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
I The Success of the Century
►
\ Dr. Meyers & Co., the renowned and able
► specialists for Weakness and all other ailments of
I Men are daily, adding to their long list of cures.
5 They offer unfortunates the successful experience of
£ half a lifetime, the best and most effective remedies
► and methods,' and the services of a staff of skilled
► physicians, and the many advantages of a large and
► thoroughly equipped medical institution.
fc "• *» jA
' DR. MEYERS & CO.'S wonderful treatment renews youth In the old, brings flesh to
mJ the emaciated, creates new powers and ambition, gives new courage and confl-
' dence, makes the weak and debilitated strong and able, gives true and lasting manhood
1 to the sick and puny; gives energy, strength, vigor, hope, vitality and life; brings back
'• the hopes of other years, the pleasures of bygone days, and will place failing and in- r,
1 competent men in their former perfect condition. , j
\ All contracted ailments, including contagious blood poison,
' scrofula, etc., quickly and permanently cured.
I NO PAY REQUIRED TILL CURE IS EFFECTED.
i Dr. Meyers & Co. have such confidence in their successful remedies " and methods ,
, that they will let the patient deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with any
. newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid to them ONLY when a cure is effected.
FREE CONSULTATION AND BOOK FOR MEN AT OFFICE OR BY MAIL. ALL
' DEALING AND CORRESPONDENCE WITH PATIENTS CONFIDENTIAL. NO
PRINTING ON ENVELOPES OR PACKAGES TO SHOW WHO SENT THEM.
; DR. MEYERS & CO.
\ 731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
1 TalfP Fl<avptnr IHOURS-8 to 12, Ito daily
; I clKe nieyaLOr. | Evenings. 7to 8. Sunday.. 9to 11.
MEN WHO "SQUARE"
POLICE COURT CASES
JUDGE MOGAN DENOUNCES A
LONG-STANDING EVIL.
Grafters Who Hold Court in the Cor
ridor to Be Looked After by
the Police.
Judge Mogan took occasion yesterday
morning to speak from the bench about
an evil that has existed for years around
the Police Courts, and he said he proposed
to put a stop to it, as it was becoming
an Intolerable nuisance.
A woman named Maud Nelson was ar
rested Tuesday night by Policeman Joy
for being a disorderly person. She was
released on $20 cash bail, but when the
case was called Friday morning she
failed to appear, and the Judge declared
her bail forfeited and ordered a bench
warrant issued for her arrest. The
woman Is said to have gone to British
Columbia.
Yesterday morning Attorney Mack ap
peared before the Judge and asked that
the bench warrant be withdrawn, and the
bail- forfeiture declared off. Mack said
that the "woman was outside the court
room Wednesday morning and she was
told that It was all right, that it had
been arranged she would plead guilty and
would get off with a fine of $i.
The Judge declined to accede to either
request and remarked that the evil of
people trying cases in the corridor was
altogether too common, and he would
call the attention of the police to stop It
by arresting the persons who "squared"
cast s. He wanted these persons to un
derstand that all oases must be tried in
open court.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
The empire of Japan comprises to-day
about 4000 rocky islands.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _J
DRY GOODS COMPANY.
BLACK DRESS GOODS, j
NEW IMPORTATION.
On MONDAY, October 10, we will place on sale
the following numbers in PIEROLA CREPON
and MERSERETTA NOVELTIES, which are
EXCEPTIONAL VALUES: |
15 pieces Mohair Pierola Cloth $1.50 yard |
26 pieces Mohair Crepons in raised effects $1.75 yard I
18 pieces Gatchina Crepons and Merseretta Xoveltics.. .$2.00 yard I
13 pieces Satin Crepon— a decided novelty.. $2.50 yard 1
....MOVRNINCi GOODS A SPECIALTY.... T
4.
COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY AND CAREFULLY FILLED. t
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY, j
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F %
UNION SQUARE. %
• ♦♦ + + ♦ + + + + -♦-♦♦♦♦ + «
. Silver Plated Butter Dish, satin fin-
■*" lshed and engraved, with plated ▼
4- drainer. $1 s<». Berry Dish, silver +
plated stand with colored Bohemian
♦■ glass bowl. SI 75. Silver plated Cake ♦
*. Basket, footed, satin finished and en- .
J graved. $1 1i.%. ~
t WILL & FINCK CO., ♦
J ' 818-820 Market St., S. P. +
p^i-f -f ♦+++++ ♦ + ♦ + + O
14 and 16
Kearny Street,
Formerly 427 Kearny.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
.it,. Full Set of Teeth
VtjJ) Mf /«fj^ extracting free fsooup
i^wAi^^ Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
-*TEr jElCv' Fillings - - - 25Cts. up
_^**SE!K~~sI <_ Open Evenings & Sunday*
-s£=^'3iA^B VAN VROOM
vnU#vKx7 Electro Dental Parlor*
*J« l^^s -Sixth and Market
*^ r "^ . Dr. GW. Klel»«r, Prop.
MARKET ST. 'jfiyggy
BArLBOAD TRAVEL.
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAB FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburoo Forrj. Foot »t Market Si.
FAN FRANCISCO TO SAX RAFAEL.
WEEK DATS— T:3O. 9:00. 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3-30 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at I:o0
SrNDAYS-B:W,' 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 2:30,
B: SAN :2 RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. : 12:4o.
3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
SU^DTy^IS; 9:*, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
5-00, 6:25 p. m. _
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above. ■
Leave j I Arrive '
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
. June 29, •
Week I Sun- ISSB. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days, j Days.
7 -30 am' 8:00 am Novato 10:40 am. :40 am
3-30pm 9:80 am Petaluma, ' 6:10 10:23 am
s:lopm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. | 7:35 pm: 6:22 pm
Fulton,
30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
HealdFburg,
Lytton.
: Geyservllle,
2:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7 -30 am . Holland and ' 10:25 am
3:30 pm 8 :00 am Ukiah. 7:33 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:23 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35. pmi
3:30 ; m . 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40am| B:4oam
and
5:10 pm 5:00pm! Glen Ellen. ' 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am| Sebastopol. 10:40 am 10:;". am
3:30 ptn| 5:00 pm| I 7:35 pmj 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at LyUon for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skaggrs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs. KeUeyvllle. Carlsbad
Springs, Soda Bay, Lakeport and Baxtlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs. Saratoga
Springs. Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side. Lierley's, Bucknell's. Sanhedrin Heights,
Hullville. Booneville, Orr's Hot. Springs. Men-
docino City, Fort Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point-
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bldg.
H. C. WHITING. R. X. RYAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »<»:30, 11:00 a. m.; «1:45,
3:45. 5:15. *6:CO, 6:30 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *B:OO, *10:00, '11:30 a. m. ; n:IS,
3:09. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S, »6:35, 7:45, »9:30 a. m. :
•12:20. 2:20, »3:45. 5:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
SUNDAYS— »8:00. '10:00. 11:55 a. m •
•1:15. »3:10, 4:40, '6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO
WEEK DAYS— S:4S, 6:45, 7:55, 9:40 a. m :
12:35. 2:45, 3:."0. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. v
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m. ; 12:05, 1:20, 3:20
5:00, 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cacadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. — 1. Saturdays— Duncan Mills ■ and way
. stations. .
8:00 a. m. — Duncan Mills and way sta's.
"MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWJSir
(Via Saubalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday
Sept. 11, 1898: - '
\Ve«k Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1. ~
THOS. COOK & SON, Agents. 621 Market
street. Ban Francisco. ■
1
[ RAILROAD TRAVEL.
»oi'tiu:kx M'AVIVIV crarin
(PACJriC HViiicM.)
Train* lean- nuil hit «ln« to nrrlve mi
NAN KKAN4'IM< O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ■
| leave — I'aon Oct. 9, 1898. — Jtitivt
! »O:fl*A >*lle3, 8»n Jose »nd Vk'nj Stations... •8i43* >
7:00 a tienicU, siuirun and Sacramento.... I©>43a
7:00 a Marysrtiic, OroTllle and Redding »ia
Woodland oi4Bp
7:o<>a Elmira. Vaeaville and Kuuiiey 8:4 a»
7:30 a. Martinez, San Ramon. Vallejo. Nap*,
l'»lUtcm and Santa Bou AitSr
8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Ogdoi and K»«t.. Bi-»»?
»::«<»* San Jose, ntockton. Valley Spring,
lone. Sacramento, Maryi>»ille,
Chlco. Tehaina and Red 11.uff.... 4ilsp
Hz'.W* Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown. . 7il3p
•»:3»a Milton »7:1»P
!):oOa Martinez, Tr»cy, Lathrop, Merced
» nd Fresno 18:18?
!»iO»A Fresno, H4kcrsfio!<l, .Santa liarliara.
Los Angeles. Demlug, El Paso,
New Orleai.B and East «r43r
Fresno, Men Jot i. Tracy and Mar-
tinez «•«!■
1 0.00 a Vail-jo, Martinez and Way Station* 7t43i»
"li<ti>r Sacramento litter Steamers "BiOOp
I :<M»p >'lie.i. San Jose and Way Stations... 1 1 «-*3 a -
. . San Jove, >*lle« and Way Stations... « I 3 A
-:Oop M m, Tracy, Mnudota, Manford and
Vlsalia 4tl»p
I jTcnuore, San Jose, Nile* and Way
Stations JIOiISa,
l:t>Or Martinez, Han Ramon. Vallejo.
Niip-i. <:ali6ti>ga, 11l Verauo and ,
B»uta Uom »il»*
l:O0r Benicia. VaoaTllle, Woodland,
X nights Lauding, MarysTille, Oro-
Tllle mid Saeraiuento 10:45 a .
4t3op Hayirardg, Nile* and San Jose. . 7:43 a
3:O«»p Martinez, Tracy, Memdota, Fre«no,
Muj'ito, Santa liarbara and Los
Aiigrlc-s Bi4s*
3iO«>r Hai Kb Itoiite, Atlantic Express
for MoJ«»« and Kant 0:40*
S:3of Mir*. Ban Jt»e. Tracy. lAtbrop,
Merced and Fresno ■■•
5:30* Stockton 12:15*
Kiooi- Miiri.PHHii Mail, <»«dB.iaiid Kut.... 0: In *
•O:0»r 7»neja 12:15p
:7«OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J8:4.1r
A:00r Oregon press. Sacraineiitii, Marys-
viile. Ucl.liiu. Portland. l'uget
Soiiihl»i».l Kant 8:13 a
SA.N I,KA.M»K<> XSU lUIMAKOS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) .
Melro^r. Npm'imrr I'nrk, ,V", V" *"**'
• M:OOa Kit<-liliarsr, Klmlmrit. 6:l.Ta
i!»:0»»a San Lcmiilro, South Snn ',^ : 1' A
IO.«»a I.*an.lro. t>tndil!o, ttlAl
til «Om ■ 1-oren.o Cherry - **:[£
("•""" and ♦•j«i"\»
-:«op H»A«r.l«. ij&tU
4. we < R lms through to Nilea 7:13r
( From Niles \
(OAST ItlVlviON \«rroiT <.au«e;. *"
(Foot of Market Street.)
9: 13 a Newark. (.Vntervillf. San Jose. Keltoii,
BoulderCrtek,3anta Crux and Way
Stations 3:."> Op
•2: 1 Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New ■ - ■ ■>—-■■
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations * I ft :.i o
4:lSp Newark. San Jose and Los OatDn... C:2Oa.
t11:43r flu' t.-rs' Excursion, San- Jose and
Way Stations J7j2Op
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
-rim SIS ratSClSCO— feet of Mirket Street ,SJjo 8) —
*7:15 9:00 11:00 a.si.. si. 11:00 *2:00 U-3fl
•4:00 tS:O3 •6:00 p.m.
'rcm 01IL4NB— root »rßro«dwiy.— '6:oo 8-00 1000 am
1 12:00 '1:00 13:80 *3:C3 }4:Q3 'SJOOr.K.
COAST hi VISION («road (lance).
(Third and Townaenri St<.)
7:OOa San .lose and Way fftittionH (New
Alinailen Wednesdays only) l:30p
9:O0a San .lose. Tres ii...*, Santa Crnr,
raciiic <irove. I'aso-Uiibles, .San
Luis ()liisi>f>. Grwdalupa, Surf and
Principal Way SUtlous .... 4:IOp
1»:<O» Rail .lose and Way Stations .. «8:OO\
II:3«>a San J..se and Way Stations 8:35 a.
*2:l3rSan Mateu, Redwood, Menlo Park,
.„ Palo Alto. Santa Clara. Han Jam
«11r..y. HoUiater. Santa Crux! •
Salinas, Monterey and Pad tie
(iro»e *10-3 C»
•3:3O P ftll Jom and'WaV Stations"....".".'."." »9:OOa
•4:1.1r San.loseand Principal Way Sutious 9.--J3A
•ft:OOp San Josßaad Principal Way stations 6::t."»A.
2'? Op £* n - Il »n-l Principal Way Stations S:3«p
«:.J»pSan Job: and Way Station* -7:30*
tllt4sr San .!<■<;• and Way Stations 7:1.
A for Morning. for Afternoon
«nT.dav« eicerted. ♦ Sundays only, 1 Saturdays only
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cara
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars -
Run on, the Following Time:
Leave San Francisco. s:oo p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.
Arrive Denver 3:00 p. m., W.T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F.S S.M.T.W*
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.
Arrive Chicago... 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.\V.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS /
Servo Superior Meals at Very Reason,
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE
IS You Travel on the Santa Fe.
SAI FRANCISCO TICKeTgFfTcE. EZI MARKET SI,
TELEPHONE MAIN 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. ;
t Jose Office— 7 Wert Santa Clara St
and OfiSce— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento OfEce— 2ol J Street.
San Jose Office— 7 West Santa Clara St
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAH JQAQUiI
; VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. ly^a, traiaa will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. IPassen-
ger. Sunday Sunday C er.
Pally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
( :■ I 1.
9:2oami 9:2sam] Stockton 3:45 pm| 7:00 pro
Il:10am|12:o0pmi Merced - 12:50 pm 3:l3pm
1 ? :^ pm ; i : l-} pm : ' Fresno 9:3oam 3:45pm
1.38pm 6:4opm Hanford 7:45 am B:4opm
4:.'si)m 11:59pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 12:10 pm
1:58 pm i :50 pm Vlsalla 6:40 am 2:S3pia
Stopping at intermediate points as required
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, ieavintr San Francisco at 6 p. m daily
excepting Sunday, and Stockton- at 7:15 p. ml
For stage connections see official time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager s Office 331 Mar-
ket street. : ■ . ,
y^^C!D«E6^J Gleet; Spermatorrhoea!
gjS M ml toS.l»Ti.^» Whites, unnatural dial
■fm& .QcsrMteed H charges, or any iziflamma.
gaS not to .trktnre. "• tion, irritation or uk«tl
£-|rr.« a u mug!*, tion of mucou. i£5E
yV»^rHEEvANS CH:yt£i!no, branes. Non-aatrincent.
«S^LOIHCINIUTI,O ESI ' Sol « by Di-ngrsUU. •
Vf^k. c - 3. x. V^-^TkI Bent in plain wrapper
<vfe?iisS*__-rf«^Ta by express, prepaid tal
v^^^a^l 00 -- or * °*"«. &£
**>m <vi£<r V » Ulrcuiar s^at ca rtcueit.
■ 9 ■ . . v -- - - - "*"**.■ .MR. DEVANY HAS
ANOTHER GOLD
BRICK TO OFFER
Will Be Co -Tenant
With the City.
GETS A CYCLERY RENT FREE
THE LATEST SCHEME AS TOLD
BY A BICYCLE AGENT.
Though the City Pays All the Rent
the New Police Station Will
Have but Half the
Building.
Supervisor Devany is about to present
to the city and county of San Francisco
another handsome thing in the gold brick
and the specimen that will be laid
before the admiring eyea of the Board of
Supervisors upon the next most auspicious
occasion is of the pure quill and a good 900
fine. He has no alloys nor afflnltive met
als, but is just one golden, dollar-marked
proposition, from the Devany standpoint.
It consists of simply this: Devany in
tends to be co-tenant with the city in the
new Btanyan-etreet police station, the city
to pay rent for the whole of the present
Devany cyclery and to occupy something
like half the space.
The a&sayer who fused the proposed De
vany brick with this result happens to be
a special agent of the Pope Bicycle Manu
facturing company. He has been in the
city fur some days looking into the bi
cycle situation in general, and more
acutely into the situation out near Goldea
Gate Park, where the Columbia people
and Devany have been running opposition
cycleries. When it was announced that
Devany was going to cycling pastures
new and tnat the police w,ere to take nis
place on Stanyan street the Popes also
thought it might be well to seek another
location where business would bo better.
Steps to this end were taken, and the
Pope cyclery might have been moved
downtown within a few weeks, but sud
denly the evacuation proceedings came to
an abrupt end. The special agent had as
certained that Devany was only playing
possum. According to this agents Btory,
which he sent East to his firm last
ing, Devany is going to reopen his cyclery
in the rear part of the Kagan building,
just behind ihe new police station. The
plan is to partition off the building into
two sections, leaving Devany a 37x107
room, opening on to Page street, east of
Golden Gate avenue. The police station
would thus have a room of only 50x100
feet. Devany has a lease on an adjoining
seventy-nve-"fout lot on Page street, so
that he would have ample room for his
cyclery and riding school. The agent of
the Pope company saw all of these things,
and wrote to his concern in the Last, ad
vising that it should keep open its estab
lishment near LVvany's and "right its
principal competitor."
This little business spat, in which the
public has no Interest, indirectly brought
to light the gold bricks which the city is
to be offen.-d.
The story is told by an admirer of Su
pervisor Devany as follows: "You see,
the bicycle business has been somewhat
dull of "late, and with winter coming on
it promised to be duller than ever. Dev
any had a monthly rental .o pay of Ji6o
to" Ragan. 80 Devany he goes to the ;
owner and says: 'Ragan. I can t afford i
to pay r* a so much money each month.
Mv least- has two years yet to run. "W hat
do* you say to a change? I'll undertake to I
get* the city as a tenant at $IC6 per month,
you giving up say half of the building |
for a police station. The city will take
a two years' lease and spend so much ■.
• nn improvements that when the |
lease "expires there will be no difficulty in
renewing it. You will get. a profitable and
a permanent tenant. As for me. I will
want a place for my cyclery. What la
the matter with locating me in the rear
end of the building on Page street? There
is plenty of room. As for rent, why you
will recollect that I have secured you a
fine tenant and as muon money as you
could ever expect to get for the whole
building. One good turn deserves an
°t"*l)oan you want it altogether free?'
quoth Ragan, doubtfully.
•' 'That's a strange question, replied
Devany "How much money do you ex
pect to g»t for the old shack, anyhow?
ftehin' for more, eh?'
" 'But is $2F. too much for you to pay?
■' "See here. Ragan, is it a gold brick
that you're tryln to give me? Drop it
now. "You've g<n enough.' "
Ragan dropped it. and it is he. It is
Bald whom Devany with becoming mod
esty will push forward to makf this new
est'presentation when the board and Cap
pun Delany have shaken off the moral
spasms that they were thrown into when
through The Call the public got its first
glance at the original Devany brick.
Divorce Suits Filed.
Lena McLeain has Bued Kodf-rk-k Mc-
Leain for a divorce, alleging failure to
provide.
Annie E. McVicker asks for a divorce
from Alexander McVicker on the ground
of cruelty.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
All
The Noted
Pianists
of the world pronounce
the Sohmer Pianos un-
surpassed in exquisite
tone, quality and deli-
*qcy of touch — points
which appeal so par-
ticularly to cultured
performers. These
pianos are sold in San
Francisco exclusively
by
BYRON MAUZY,
308-312 Post Street.
Railway's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruises,
Bore Muscles, Cramps, Burns, Sunburns, Back-
ache, Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism, Neu-
ralgia, Lumbago, Internally for all Bowel
Pains, Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbus and Sickness, Nausea, etc. All drug-.
Cists.
WORSE THAN
THE CASE OF
FONG SUEY WAN
Mr. Foote Turns Two
Slaves Loose.
CAN ASSIGN NO VALID REASON
THEY SAID THEY WERE NA
TIVE BORN.
Entered a Nolle Pros Without the
Request or Knowledge of the
Attorney for the
Women.
There has been considerable adverse
: comment upon the dismissal by nolle proa
of two Chinese women captured In the re
1 cent raid by Federal officials.
Last Friday morning Mr. Foote appear
1 ed in the United States District Court
' and informed Judge Hawley that he was
I convinced from evidence in his possession
that Kan Tal Sue and Ho Sue Kam, Chi
nese women detained at the Presbyterian
Mission by order of Judge de Haven, were
I entitled to their discharge, and he there
[ fore would enter a nolle pros. This was
I done and the women were released from
i custody by order of the court. The women
were not brougnt before the court for
I identification.
It was taken for granted that the
women had produced certificates on
which they had been landed. But when
Miss Cameron, matron of the Presbyte-
r ian Chinese Mission, visited the Ap
praiser's building yesterday morning to
make inquiry about the affair, and stated
j that the women had no certificate or
j other papers entitling them to land, and
j that they claimed to be native-born Amer
icans, comment became very pronounced.
The situation was not bettered when
shortly after Miss Cameron left the build-
Ing Lawyer A. H. Yordi, attorney for the
' women, 'visited the office of the United
! States Attorney and informed the report
i ers that he had not requested Mr. t oote
I to make the motion, and that the case
i had been dismissed without his having
I been notified. ._....» .» .
Miss Cameron said she had Intended to
i take the witness stand whenever the case
should be brought up in court, as she and
every one else expected that it would be,
and she was prepared to give Important
j evidence in the matter. She had no doubt
that the girls had escaped from the
! Omaha Exposition. One of them was not
! more than 15 years old They had not
been out of the mission since the morning
after the raid, a weeK ago last Wednes
day, on which day they appeared in court
for the purpose of having their names
taken down. She regretted she had not
been notified that the motion was about
: to be made, for if she had been she would
■ have appeared in court and opposed it
These two women were the strongest
° &"I& "I alone am the responsible party."
said District Attorney Foote. 'I; there
! Is anybody to be roasted In the matter
I am the" man. I nolle prossod- that
case on my own motion, and I have a
-ight to nolle pros any case I see tit
I am responsible t only to the Attorney
General of the United States , _
"I did It because I was satisfied from
evidence . in my-. . -possession, thai the
women are native born." ,_^_ ♦ >,
"Did you get the evidence from the
court records?" was asked
"Did you get the evidence from the
Chinese Bureau?"
"Yes "
Chief Meredith of the Chinese Bureau
said in answer to a reportorial question
that he had furnished Mr. Foote with the
statements of the women taken in the
Presbyterian Mission Immediately after
their arrest by the Federal raiders. That
was the only evidence the bureau had
taken or given In the matter.
When Chinese claiming to be native
: born are brought before United States
Commissioner Heacock several wit
nesses are required to prove the asser
tions of the applicants, and they are sub
! jected to the most rigid cross-examina
tion. The women should have been
brought before Commissioner Heacock,
I where they would have been required to
produce witnesses to prove their state
ments. ;■'; ;. '
Why Mr. Foote accepted the uncorrob
orated statements of the two slaves and
why he did not bring the women before
Commissioner Heacock instead of turn
ing them loose on their bare word would
make very interesting reading.
GRAND ENCAMPMENT, I. 0. O. F.
The Forty-Fourth Annual Session
Will Be Held in the City of San
Jose Next Week.
The forty-fourth annual session of the j
Grand Encampment of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows and the department
military council of the Patriarch Militant
will be held in the city of San Jose fror-.
Manday, the 17th, to and Including the |
22d. The headquarters which were to
have been at the Vendome have, on ac
count of the recent fire, been changed to
the St. James.
The following is the programme that
has been prepared by the general commit
tee of arrangements:
Monday, October 17— Public reception to the
Grand Encampment and visiting members at
Turn Vereln Hall: address of welcome by
Mayor Martin: response on behalf of the en
campment by Grand Patriarch O. W. Erlewlne;
address of welcome on behalf of the Odd Fel
lows of Santa Clara County by C. M. Short
ridge and response on behalf of the Grand En
campment by Grand Scribe W. H. Barnes.
Tuesday — Opening session of Grand Encamp
ment at I. O. O. F. Hall; exemplification of
patriarchal and Golden Rule degrees by Oc
cidental Encampment of Sacramento and
Oriental Encampment of San Francisco, to be
followed by a banquet.
Wednesday— Continuation of sessions of
Grand Encampment: rose carnival, pavilion on
alameda; competitive prize drills by the vari
ous cantons Patriarchs Militant; first prize,
trophy and $100: second prize, $100: third prize,
$75; conferring decoration of chivalry.
Thursday— Continuation of session of Grand
Encampment; grand street parade of Grand
Encampment, cantons Patriarchs Militant,
subordinate encampments, subordinate and
Rebfkah lodges. I. O. O. F. Hall—Exemplifi
cation of Patriarchs Militant degree by Canton
San Jose No. 9 and Military Council, Depart- ;
ment of California, Patriarchs Militant; rose ]
carnival pavilion— Dress parade of cantons. i
Patriarchs Militant; awarding prizes; exhibi
tion drill by Young Ladies' Rebekah Drill |
Corps No. 1 of Stockton: grand ball.
Friday— Continuation of session of Grand En
campment- excursion to Alum Rock reserva
tion; the city's grand mountain park.
Saturday— Excursion to Mount Hamilton and
Lick Observatory.
Takes Water From the Ocean.
The Hotel Savoy has joined the salt
water contingent and now has salt water
connections to every bath tub in the
house The r'pes have just been put in
and the water Is taken direct from the
ocean. The hotel has secured a lease -if
the hall adjoining it on the Post-street
side. It will be fitted up in the finest
style and will be made just such another
institution as the Maple Room of the Pal
ace.
Lurlinc Salt Water Baths.
Bnrh and Larkln Rts. Rwlmmlnc. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Salt waterdtrect .Tom ocean.
Charged With Burglary.
Thomas W. Allen, who gives his occu
pation as a Janitor, was arrested yester
day afternoon by Policemen Morrissey
and Moriarlty on a charge of burglary.
He was found by Robert Elliott, bar
tender in a saloon on First street, in the
rooms above the saloon, and detained un
til the arrival of the policemen. He could
eive no satisfactory explanation of his
presence there, and as a clock was miss
ing it waß suspected that he had stolen
it.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. }. Noonan, 1017-102$ Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
EVA HESS IS
SEEN EN ROUTE
TO VICTORIA
The Missing Girl on
the Walla Walla.
A YOUNG FRIEND WITH HER
ON ARRIVAL SHE JOINS A
WOMAN AND DISAPPEARS.
Information Given by One of the
Passengers — Attracted by Her
Youth and Strange
Actions.
At last what seems a aeflnite clew to
j the whereabouts of Eva Hess, the young
gir! who so suddenly disappeared from
! this city a short time ago, has been ob-
I tallied. It promises to determine where
j the girl is either in hiding with her own
I volition or being hidden by her abductors.
The Information comes from a passen
■ ger who sailed aboard the Walla Walla
I on the last trip made by the vessel to
] British Columbia. He claims that he can
positively identify her, as he saw and took
especial notice of her. He says that on
i the day the vessel sailed he noticed the
i missing girl in company with another
• girl, also of Immature years. He remarked
to a number of friends at the time that
the girl was unusually young to take such
a journey, practically alone and unpro
! tected, her only escort apparently being
j the young girl who accompanied her.
When asked as to whether an older per
son was with her, the informant was at
a loss to declare himself positively, ;i_s lie
had seen no other companion except the
girl alluded to.
What attracted the attention of fellow
passengers to the young traveler was that
she setmed unusually restless and en
deavored at every opportunity to Inter
mingle with the merrymakers on board
the steamer and sing and dance as li' she
were afraid, or for some oilier reason dis
liked to be alone. Her every action was
Birange in the extreme, ana it is now
thougru that she either n-pented her
folly after she boarded the steamer or
was fearful that some one would recog
nize her and possibly prevent her from
landing at Victoria.
From the description given, the girl is,
beyond a doubt, Eva Hess,
As the steamer neared Victoria the
Informant who furnished the present clew
decided to watch the girl and ascertain
where she went after going ashore. As
the wharf was approached it was noticed
that the girl began to scan its entire
length, evidently expectant of gaining a
sight of some one to whom she had bt?»>n
directed and whom she was to accompany
upon leaving the boat.
L'pon landing she immediately joined a
woman, th<- same undoubtedly that she
was bo restless about meeting,
after she was lost in the crowd to uiose
who had been keeping an Inquisitive
watch over her.
At lirst sight of the woman who met
the girl the immediate Impression con
veyed to the author of the present state
ment was that -she was in bad company,
and with a woman from whom she could
expect to derive no good, but on the con
trary by whom she would be forced to
imitate the life which Wius so legibly
written on every Itae of her escort glace.
Thf- mother of the girl .tas placed her
confidence and hope for the recovery of
the girl in the hands of Dorn * l>om the
attorneys. The police are still searching,
but blindly and without a tangible ciow
to work upon.
GRAIN MARKET ACTIVE
DURING THE PAST WEEK
WHEAT WAS IN DEMAND AT
FULL PRICES.
Barley Sold Above Its Actual Value.
Corn Tried to Advance but With
Little Effect.
V.'heat prices hero have been fairly ac
tive during the past week, December sell
ing from $1 23% to $1 15%, closing on Sat
urday at $1 17%. There has been a fair
demand for spot at full prices. English
markets have rather favored buyers
Milling demand at home has been good
yet not urgent. Washington and Oregon
offerings have been somewhat restricted.
Farmers continue to hold their crops,
selling about enough to keep the market
moderately supplied. The Oriental de
mand for flour continues to increase.
Continental and European bids are out of
the question, inasmuch as there is little
or no wheat In California for export, at
least for the present.
Local operators are disposed to favor the
short side on rallies, sometimes pressing
their bets on declines, generally resulting
in a quick reaction forcing shorts to cover
at a lo*s The market reHponds to bull
news very easily, showing the nervous
ness of the market. There appears a
Btrong under-current to the market which
may soon show itself more fiercely. It be
trins to look as if wheat pries have seen
about bottom for the present at least.
Barley has been king for the past,
month, December going to $1 26%. The
enthusiasm of the corner crowd was bad
ly warped during the latter part of the
week when it was given out that the rail
road rates had been sufficiently reduced
to admit of the importing of Eastern
barley to California. There is now en
route one train load of twenty cars of
barley destined to California polnta. An
other consignment of thirty-six cars is
now being loaded. The free movement of
oats from Oregon and Washington consti
tutes another factor of weakness in bar
ley The time of delivery is rapidly ap
proaching those who have been holding
on to long barley bought around $1 35 to
$1 40 These will be disappointed as they
have never wanted the actual stuff—dif
ferences was their goal. It surely looks
as if they would get real differences m
9t£>f arlev is the one commodity selling
above Its actual worth. Such conditions
are unnatural and cannot prove success
ful December barley at $1 20 will look
clear within ten days" time.
The Chicago wheat market during the
week has shown considerable strength in
Ismail way. December sold at 61% cents
on Tuesday up to 63% cents on 1- riday.
The trade is Inclined to take the long
Bide around 62 cents. The good foreign
and home consumptive demand keeps well
apace with offerings.
The Northwest receipts are gradually
growing less, showing a fair sized de
crease as compared with last year. This
does not argue of a small crop, rather
that holders are not selling and will not
until more favorable prices are offered.
Indications would suggest 60 cents the low
point this crop year. While no material
advance may come at present, the chances
are favorable to a gradual upward tend
ency The Government report on Monday
will probably reaffirm its last review.
Corn seems trying hard to advance.
The queerest of all things is the bullish
ness of professional traders who have had
their horns on for two years and in no
way do they seem able to bolster up the
price. Arguments of the most convincing
character are given out, yet corn hovers
around 30 cents. The Government Agri
cultural Department estimates the crop
of 1898 at 1,900,000,000 bushels, the Cincin
nati Price Current, 1,750.000,000, and the
average bull speculators claim these esti
mates are about 300,000,000 too high. Who
ever is right there seems plenty to go
around for present wants. Cribbers are
talking bullish and selling freely, showing
they nave every confidence in getting
their money out of their holdings so that
speculators may receive some benefit.
The situation is one that does not argue
well for any material advance.
Provisions have had a hard time fight
ing yellow fever, which must soon cease.
January short ribs are considered very
cheap. Packers are quietly buying* on
declines, trying not to affect prices. Re
ceipts of hogs must soon show a large
decrease. Hog products are low and can
not be manufactured at prices now in
effect. R. E. MULCAHY,
CONNOLLY BENEFIT.
It Drew a Large Crowd to Union
Square Hall.
An entertainment was given at Union
square Hall last night under the auspices
of El Dorado Parlor No. 52 of the Native
Sons of the Golden West, the , South End
Rowing Club and Golden Gate Council
No. 34 of the Young Men's Institute, for
the benefit of the parents of the late
Daniel D. Connolly, a popular oarsman
and singer. Alfred J. Fritz, Democratic
nominee for Justice of the Peace, acted
as master of ceremonies.
The programme contained twelve num
bers, but, for the convenience of the per
formers, the order of these was some
what changed. After an overture by
Grennan's orchestra the Columbian quar
tet—J. C. Flood, nrst tenor; F. A. Grif
fing. second tenor; J. C. O'Donnell, first
bass; and S. J. Daly, second bass— opened
the entertainment with glees. Then fol
lowed a vocal solo by Mrs. E. W. Burns,
a fancy dance by Violet Hanna, and "My
Honolulu Lady" by John Cathcart. Fred
Lewis gave a graceful exhibition of club
swinging, the hail being darkened and
the clubs enveloped In flames. A sailor
dance by Miss Ida Bradbury, a vocal solo
by A F. Medley, an excellent clog dance
by the Kavanaugh sisters, a recitation in
Swedish-English by Joseph Hansen, and
a song by William Donaldson led up to
the last item on the programme— a three
round boxing contest between R. Mc-
Arthur and Frank McConnell. The boxers
set to with a will and gave a very lively
exhibition. After the entertainment.
which was remarkably well attended, the
floor was cleared for dancing.
THE COMING INDUSTRY
OF VENTURA COUNTY
BEET SUGAR FACTORY ERECTED
AT OXNARD.
All the Farmers Are Getting Mag
nificent Returns From Small
Acreage Seeded Last
Season.
C. Leonardt of Los Angeles, now stop
ping at the Palace, gives some valuable
information in regard to the present
status of sugar-beet growing in Ventura
County. He is more especially interested
in the recently completed factory at Ox
nard, of which he is one of the con
tractors.
"The new factory," he said, "is both
designed and constructed by the Oxnard
Construction Company of New York. It
is 100 feet In height, over 400 feet long and
120 feet wide. It is constructed entirely of
brick and steel with expanded metal, lire
proof floors. A large power house, up
right and rotary lime kilns, a four-story
brick orflce building and a beet shed cap
able of receiving 2000 tons of beets, com
pose what is, in every way, a model plant
—the equal, I believe, of anything of its
kind in either this country or In Europe.
It cost $1,500,000 and when running full
b'last will give employment to about 4uo
men."
"How about this season's crop? he was
asked.
"Splendid, but small in the aggregate.
I must explain. Owing to the light rain
fall of last winter the farmers, generally,
were exceedingly apprehensive in regard
to this season's crops, and did but little
planting. The small average which was
planted, however, gave magnitlcent re
sults, proving conclusively that sugar
beets do not require as much moisture as
moist growers believe. In one instance
thirty acres put in by a farmer named
Rose yielded about thirty tons to the
acre, from which he will clear, over and
above all expenses of cultivation, nearly
$;iOOO. A. Carr, who rented 100 acres of
good beet land, agreeing to give one Quar
ter of his crop to the owner of the land,
cleared up as his share $5500. Charles
Dunlan also got very large returns from
what In 1 planted. These men wore all
obliged to ship their beets to Chlno this
year, but will In future patronize the new
plant. •
"The beets this year yielded from $4 to
$5 per ton, according to their saccharine
character. There are 40,000 acres avail
able for the cultivation of the beets.
"Now, as perhaps you may imagine
little is thought of but the sugar beet, of
which the factory will handle about 200,000
tons next season, but every dollar em
barked in the industry is of greater bene
fit to the country than if it wore im
in the Philippines or Cuba. I believe in
keeping money at home."
LECTURE BY FATHER YORKE.
The Last Probably Beiore His De-
parture for Europe.
The League of the Cross will celebrate
the birthday of Father Mathew, the
apostle of temperance, next Monday
evening in Metropolitan Hall. The com
mittee In charge of the arrangements has
secured the services of Rev. P. C. Yorke
as orator of the occasion.
Father Yorke returned to the city yes
terday and will soon depart on a Euro
pean trip. His address on Monday will
probably be the last he will deliver be
fore his departure.
Tickets of admission to the hall may
be obtained free of cost at the Monitor
office, Flood building.
On Monday morning at 8 o'clock a sol
emn mass will be celebrated in St. Mary's
Cathedral for the members of the League
of the Cross. *
For Odd Fellow Soldiers.
Iha Independent Order of Odd Fellow
soidiers relief committee has rendered a
filial account of what It did to assist th<s
solder Old Follows who were mobilized
In this city.
The amount contributed in cash by the
various lodges, subordinates and Re
bekahs, which followed the example set
by Loyal Rfbenah Lodge, which started
the fuhd on the 24th of May last with a
donation of $68, was $569 %. to which was
added $5122 as individual contributions.
This was all expended lor the benefit of
the soldiers.
The ladies of the several lodg-es made up
467 flannel bands, 337 emergency bands,
771 flannel capß, 359 three-link identifica
tion badges and 72 pocket pin cases. They
also distributed milk, eggs, jellies, vege
tables and delicacies and furnished writ-
Ing material, envelopes and postage
stamps.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Save
P*j^ cts a "(T^ j«p
SCtS a f^ ££
r Coffee
AND GET A
[Jie Present Pree
With Every Pound
AT
Qreat American Importing J ea[o,'s
MONEY SAVING STORES
S6l Market St., oppo- 355 Hayes »t. ' ■ ■ ,
site Powell st. 2510 Mission st.
140 Sixth st. 1418 Polk st.
705 Larkln Bt. 218 Third st.
146 Ninth st. 3006 Sixteenth st.
606 Kearny st. 2008 Fillmore st.
ISI9 Devlsadero.st. 1190 Kentucky st.
3285 Mission st. 521 Montgomery aye.
62 Market at.
OAKLAND STORES.
1033 Washington st. 616 East Twelfth st.
917 Broadway. 1510 Seventh st.
131 San Pablo aye. 1365 Park' at., Alameda.
B Street, near Fourth, San - Rafael.
Write for Catalogue.
From the Surgeon General
of the French Army:
During long, tedious marches our
soldiers and officers found instant
relief from fatigue and hardships
when using the marvelous tonic,
Yin (Mariani; it prevented fevers
and sickness in the marshy and un-
healthy territory.
H. LIBERMANN, M. D.
Surgeon General French Army.
From Dr. J. Leonard Coming's Book
' ' Brain Exha mtion. ' '
Published by D. Appleton.
"The preparation known as Yin
(Mariani is the best in the market.
It is a remedy par excellence against
worry. Besides exercising an invig-
orating effect upon the cerebral cen-
ters, it imparts an indescribable sen-
sation of satisfaction."
CONTINUED
EXHIBITION AND SALE
OF THE
COLLECTION of DEAKIN BROTHERS.
BALANCE OF STOCK
TO BE CLOSED OUT.
WORKS OF ART. PAINTINGS. ETC. Also
the Remaining Studies and Paintings by
EDWIN DEAKIN.
MAPLE ROOM, PALACE HOTEL,
MONDAY, TUESDAY AND WEDNESDAY,
October 10, 11 and 12.
DAY AND EVENING.
Strong Drink is Death
DR. CHARCOT'S TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
bj strong drink.
WE GCARAJPXTRE FOTR BOXES
to cure any case with a positive written gnar-
aiit«-ea iit«-e or refund the money, anil to destroy the
appetite for Intoxicating liquors.
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
CTDDUG nDItIV <?•«■«'» Mln*ry. Poverty
clnUßOunlnn and Death. Upon receipt
of flO 00 we will mall you four [4] boxes and posl-
Uto written gnnriiiitp* to cure or refund
m(«»T. •' — '" •- ' — :nn.
GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agts..
214 Kearny st., San Francisco.
ISO F»rtllNl ISO F»PIHN!
_— J?^*y Lowest Prices in the Cityl
jfc£f^*^^ * GUARANTEED.
■SKaf « TEETH WITHOUT
Sga sjpA t?*J PLATES A SPECIALTY.
■&F »3r* W« Ful! Set of Teeth, ex-
.•Wr j._\.l trading free. .94.C0 up
\*J JrStPhJ Gold Crowns, 22k
; Fillings ...250 up
!3iv3siyi ELECTRO-DENTAL
jfessK&^i'fawjJr?* Suite 7, Flood Building,
jts^ma- —»<•*« c- MARKET ST
Office Hr«.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.: Sun.. it to 2 p.m.
PROCLAMATION
STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th, 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on- the fourth day of January, A. D. 1597,
two-thlrdi of all the members elected to each
of the Two houses of said Legislature voting
In favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to- wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion In relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section IS. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district . shall in-
cur any indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the- time of contracting the
same- provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim ' permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner- and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness Incurred In the construction
of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any . indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
! A resolution proposing to the people of the
ADVERTISEMENTS. _____
YIN MARIANI (MARIANI WINE) is invaluable
at this season of the year, when, owing to trying
climatic changes, the system is especially suscep-
tible to attacks of maiaria and la grippe.
iIARIANI WINE is especially indicated for
General Debility, Weakness from whatever causes,
Throat and Lung Diseases, Overwork, Profound
Depression and Exhaustion, Consumption, Malaria
and La Grippe.
fIARIANI WINE as a general tonic and invig-
orator is unequaled. It gives power to the brain,
richness to the blood, firmness and elasticity to the
muscles, and strength to the entire nervous sys-
tem. Therefore is it described as a promoter of
good health and longevity. It contains absolutely
no injurious properties, as any conscientious physi-
cian or chemist will certify.
fIARIANI WINE is an adjuvant in convales-
cence and a powerful rejuvenator. For Overworked
Men, Delicate Women, Sickly Children it works
wonders. It soothes, strengthens and sustains the
system.
To those who will kindly write to MARIANI S CO., 52 West 15th Street, New
York City, will be sent, free, book containing portraits and autographs of Emperors f
Empress, Princes, Cardinals, Archbishops, and other interesting matter.
Paris 41 Boulevard Haussman: London — 83 Mortimer Street: Montreal — 28-30 Hospital Street.
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants of
counties of local county government acts Tor
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section "H. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame' a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of SAich county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation In such county, or If there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days" after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
crunty at a general or special election, and if
a majority of surh qualiflad electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after ba submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
nower of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
oroved by a majority of the members elected
to each house. It shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act. and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with sucli county government act.
A copy of such county government act. certi-
fied bythe President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county.
Hettm* forth the submission of such county
lovernrnent act to the electors, and Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made in duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county.
All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government act so ratified may be
nmended at Intervals of not less than two
v£ars by proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the county, to the
qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
Dubllcatton of such proposals for twenty days
tn a newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified elector? voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
nreKented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot l\ er shaU be competent in all county govern-
men* acts framed un.ler the authority given by
this 'section, to provide for the manner In
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' tre several township and county officer?
other than Judge* of the Superior Court, -hall
h» elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tion- for tho number of such officers, for the
rons'olldatlon or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have,
knd for the compensation payable to each of
such deputies, for the manner in which, the
times In which, and the terms for which the
number" of all boards of election shall be
elected or appointed and for the constitution.
roi-i.ln.tion compensation and government of
such boards, and of their clerks and attaches:
also to prescribe the manner an.l method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted; and may in addition determine the
tests and conditions upon which electors, po-
iiMcfil parties and organizations may partici-
pate in any primary election.
Whenever any county has. In the manner
and method herein pointed out. adopted any
™>intv government act. and the same shall
have been approved by the Legislature aa
aforesaid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a Bvstem of county governments throughout
the State and likewise provMlnjr for the elec-
tion and appointment of "'fleers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not apply.
«?aid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters hereinahove provided for and de-
clared by surh county government act. .lot be
««blect to any law or amandment °nacted by
the Legislature, except by amendment first
Fiibmitted to the elector* ntid ratified in the
manner herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
Ftate of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half article six. thereby providing for the
organization of a coart, to be known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows:
Cection SH. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims shall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear and determine all claims of every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
l*s Judgment thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
In the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March:
In the City and County of San Francisco,
commencing on the second Monday in July,
and
In the City of Sacramento, commencing on
the second Monday of November of each year.
The Judges holding such term of court shall
receive no extra compensation therefor, but
phall receive their actual expenses, to be paid
out of the general fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
to organize puch court, to provide the pro-
cedure thereof and to carry out the provisions
of this section.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
Section 6Vi. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not. nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which It is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment of
the Governor, or his removal from office, death
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for th»
residue of the term, or until the disability jha.t
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy In the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
I named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
! shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of euch of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall b«
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 38.)
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stats
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It Is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and grammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, in
which a course of study shall be taught which,
Wtlj prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
•^pinsr or scientific department of the Univer-
&.*>• of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which it
Is proposed to amend said section to read aa
follows:
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which it
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall be introduced in either house ex-
cept at the first twenty-five days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval." approved March 7. A. D. ISB3,
the above-described proposed amendments are
hereby published and advertised to be voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. IS9B.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows :
Each ballot used at such election must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Ye*
of Vallejo for the construction of its
water works from the provisions of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the income and reve-
nues of the year In which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 16 Ye*
(providing for framing local county- -
government acts by Inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Three, being Sen-
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Ye*
against the State, and to consist of' -
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Four, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting consolidated cities Tes)
and counties, organized or to be or«- ■■
ganized, or holding a charter un- No
der the Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relation to counties).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Five, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No 36 (relating to office of Governor, Ye*
providing for succession thereto In — — •
certain cases and removing disability' N«
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Six, being Assem-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Te*
(relating to and defining Grammar'
Schools). No
For the Amendment?
Amendment Number Seven, being As-
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Ye*
Legislature for not less than thirty ■
nor more than sixty days during each No
session).
For the Amendment?
Witness my hand and the Great Seal of the
State of California, the day and year herein
first above written.
JAMES H. BUDD, Governor.
Attest: L. E. BROWN, Secretary of Btat*»
[SEAL.]
1112
6AN FRANCJSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 6*7 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'c4ock.
337 Hayes street; open until 5:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larktn street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
nntll 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh Ftreet; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second an- 1 Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH KOTICICS.
FIRST Church Ot Chrlet, Scientist, Central
t 223 Sutter Bt., between Kearny and
Grant aye.— Christian Science Hlble lessons,
-11 a in. and 7:4. r . p. no. Subject, morning,
"The Doctrine ot Atonement." Evening. Rtjt-
ormatlon of Judah." Sunday-school for chil-
dren 11 a m. Testimonial meeting Wednes-
day evening at 1 are wlcome.
BIMFSON .Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, cor Hayes and Buchanan sts.- Rev.
John Stephens, pastor; residence, 303 HalgMt
st. Prea.-hing at 11 a. in and i 10 p. m.
Preaching at 11 a. m. by Hey. J. N. Beard,
DD pastor of Grace M. E. Church,
7 30 m. ■ n. by the pastor; topic. "The Gentle-
ness That Makes Us Great." Sunday
at 12:80 p m. ; C. B. Perkins, superintendent.
Epworth League meeting at 6:3 •p. m. Prayer
meeting WeAnepday evening ;tt 7:4f> o clocK.
The public cordially invited to all the services
of this church. Seats free. Ushers In attend-
ance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion »t bet Sixth and Seventh— Dr Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject
at 11 a in "The Man of Greatest I-alth.
*t 7:30 p.m.: "Is the World Growing Bet-
ter"" No. 2 of series. Sunday-school at 1
p m . Mr. K. V. Watt, superintendent
Christian Endeareor at 6:15 p. m. Seats free.
This Is a people's church. Music led by
cherus choir. Cordial invitations extended to
everybody.
CALVARY I'r.^byterlan Church, corner Powell
and Geary sts . Hey. John Hemphlll. D. D.,
paster- Servicea at 11 a. in. and 7:30 p. m.
Tuple (p m.>. "Wh.;.t Shall We Do With the
Philippines." Music (a. m.), "Te Deum" (c).
L. R. Dreasber; offertory, "By the Waters oi
Babylon." Ho well; soprano solo, Mrs. Susie
Hart Mark. Evening service. "Jubilate" iln
E flat). Arthur Foote; offertory, "O Jesus,
Thou Art Standing." solo and quartet, by
T. D. Sephard. All are cordially Invited
THE First IMvine Science Church, M. E.
Cramer, pastor— Discourse at 11 a. m. Sub-
ject, "True Prayer." Services every Sun-
flay'ln Yoaemite Hall, Native Sons' building,
Mason Et.. bet. Geary and Post; take ele-
vator.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home. Howard-St.
M'thndist Episcopal Church, between Second
and Third two blocks south of Claus Spreck-
' els building— ll a. m. subject. "A Standard
for the People." Anthem, "Hall to the
Lord's Anointed." Anthem. "Hail to the
solo, "Calleet Thou Me. 0 Master " (Metzlce^,
by Miss Hermione Lask. At 7:30, popular
song service, subject, "Disloyalty at the
Center " Anthem. cantata In C, by Sir
John Goss. Offertory duet. "Thou Who Like
the Wind Dost Come" (Ambros). by ex-
xellent soprano and contralto singers.
Tuesday. Wednesday, Thursday. Friday,
three sermona dally. Grand Lodge of Good
Templars for the State. Evening sermon*
open. Tuesday night reception and speeches
by Mayor Phelan and others.
THEOSOPHIOAL Society— To-night, at 8
o'clock, in Odd Fellows' Hall, corner of Mar-
ket and Seventh sts.. J. C. Chatterjl (the
Brahmaeharin) will lecture, subject. "The
Science of the Soul" Admission free; no
collection. Lotus circle for children in came
building at 2:30. Other week-day meetings
will be announced at headquarters.
UNIVERSAL BROTHERHOOD Lodge No. 1
(TheosophlcsJ Society in America)
(International Brotherhood League.)
Sl9 Market st .: lecture to-night. "Reincarna-
tion and Heredity," Dr. J. A. Anderson:
Tuesday night, "Karma"; Saturday night,
"The Cause of Discontent."
SVNDAY MEETINGS.
THE Society of Progressive Spiritualist?, Occi-
dental Hall, corner of Larkln and McAllister
sts. Sunday October 9, IS9B, at 1:30 p. m
Speaker, Mr=. R S. Lillle. Subject: "Can
Spiritual!?™ Establish Itself Before the Tri-
bunal of Science. Admission 10 cents.
BUNDAY Platform Association— Dr. J. L.
v >k. the noted liberal orator will speak at
• !. c h Hall. Larkln St.. thl* m: rnlng at 8
irp. Sutijcct: "Education and Its
True Relation to Politics and Religion.' Ad-
mission free.
■-• r  tfornia Hall.
Clay and Eleventh rt_., Oakland, i ami 7:30
; Mr.= . Irene Smith. Mrs H. A. Griffin,
assisted by other talent. Seats free, MP-V
WIKR.
AT Dr. Rines" spiritual society, 9? Market St.;
11. fr»e; 2 ' ' ». We. Katie Heussmann. Bar-
clay, OilUncham: read 1 questions. Dr.,
261 ArUnßt. n St., Tuesday and Friday.
MME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE gradually re-
gains health : expects to B ■•■- "S
Labor Party" in San Francisco next Wednea-
lal invitation.
MR?. S. SEAL, spiritual and business medium,
ha? returned to the city, and will be pleased
to meet all old patrons and friends. 230 Va-
lencia St.. near Fourteenth.
■ ■ ■ ■ - ■ Fr»e Thought Society, 997
Market Ft., to-night at S o'clock. Subject,
"What Is Immortality?" Admission free.
OAKLAND— Mrs. P. S. Llllie Will speak in Odd
Fellows' Hall, corner of Eleventh and Frank-
lin stp., Sunday morning, 10:45.
AT 30.', Larkin St.. Friday, Oct. 14, Ladles' Aid
Social; good programme; dancing; 10c; no
further notice.
KATIE HEUBSMANN'B sittings dally. $1; cir-
cles Friday evenings, 25c. 541 Jessie at., off
Seventh.
A TEPT meeting to-night. Mrs. Robinson. Mrs.
Drew and Dr. Davis. 997 Market St.; tree.
TEST meeting 2 and Bp. m.. LOo 335 McAllis-
ter St.; Stitt, Nlta, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave.
C. V. MILLER'S etheriallzing, materializing
seance, 8 p. m. f.Oc. 400 L«av«>n worth et.
MRS. EBERHARDT'S tests. 8 p. m.. Excelsior I
Hall. Mission ft., bet. 19th and 20th: 10c.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-night,
10c. 605 McAllister st. Come skeptics.
MRS. EGQERT AITKEN has moved to 120
McAllister St.: flat 1; sittings daily.
EDWARD EARLE. late from Alaska, 330 Ellis
St., hours 1" until 4.
MEETING NOTICES.
LA PARFAITE Union Lodge No. 17, ft
F. an* A. Called meeting MON-
DAY, October in. 1838, at 8 p. m. )2. 2f
First degree. By order of the W. M. r^T\
T DE ST. JULLIEN, Secretary.
FIDELITY Lodge No. 120, F. and AM. m
— As it is desirable, to provide accom- _£%._
modations f< r member? ami their fam- n|ff
ilies at dedication of Widows' and /^r* 1
Orphans" Home at Decoto, WEDNESDAY,
the 12th inst., the brethren will please no-
tify secretary by mall to Mjaaonlc Temple by
Monday, the 10th Inst., hoto many tickets
they will require. Particulars of trip In
Wednesday morning's papers. Tickets can
be procured at the ferry if not obtained from
the secretary. Members provide their own
luncheons. By order of the W. M.
FREDERICK BARRY. Secretary.
MEETING of the officers for the Saturday
and Sunday Morning Hospital Association
will be held THURSDAY. October 13, at 10:30,
at Young Men's Christian Association build-
ing. W. E. BROWN, President.
PHILIP LILLIENTHAL, Treasurer.
NOTICE — annual meeting of the stock-
holders of the Bank of California will be held
at the banking house In this city on TUES-
DAY, October 11. I«9S. at 11 o'clock a. m.
ALLEN M. CLAY. Secretary.
Pan Francisco, September it. I*P?.
THE twenty-sixth annual picnic of the County
Mnnaghan Club will be held at Sh*ll Mound
Park, SUNDAY, October 23. Admission 25c.
children free. A good time assured all who
attend.
$100 009 to loan on diamond* and sealskins; low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Btates or Canada one year for $1 50, pottag*
patd.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
WILL build 4-room cottage and furnish lot for
1950 on installments; street work done; side-
walk. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder. 921 X
St., Sunset district.
DR. AGNES WINZELL. the celebrated elec-
trician, 1206 Market St., diagnose diseases
without questions.
ROOMS papered from $3: whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for »4: roll-ct'on* m«<1«:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 41' Montgomery ft., room 8: t«l. tSSO.
no MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Height «t.
„ SEWING MACHINES.
AUTOMATIC. Domestic. Singer and Whit.
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 Mission st.
•* ikrovTHLY rented; repaired, bought, sold;
ALL kte4a bought, sold «^jj» n s?*' rth r *™ te *s
repairing at lowest rat#«. 206 Fourth at.
TYPEWRITERS.
att fx-Dewrlters sold and rented; few partly
uhd for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices ALEXANDER & C 0..110 Montgomery.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS American hotel cook, meat and
pastry; 3 years' reference last place, w / m > 1 *
situation in city. $50. Full particulars C. R.
HANSKN 4 CO., 104 Geary St.; phone Grant
185- :_ .__ .
TWO first-class head waitresses and twenty
first-class waitresses want places In city or
country. C. R. HANSEN & C 0.,104. ,104 Geary.
TWO Swedish girls, sisters, best Eastern ref-
erences, want places together as cook and
second or would go as housegirls in email
families. $15 to $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
104 Geary St.; phone Grant ISS.
MIDDLE-AGED American woman Cook wants
situation in city or short ways In country,
$25 to $30; has best references. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Gear}- st.; phone Grant 185.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day. Ad-
dress MARY, 889 st.
SITUATION wanted by a young colored girl as
nurse for baby. Box 1467, Call office.
TWO refined, capable ladles desire situations
together as housekeeper and assistant or
otherwise. Address- A. Z.. Alameda P. O.
EXPERIENCED German woman would like
ch»mberwbrk in lodging house; sleep home.
Box 14:2, Call office.
AN experienced teacher wishes a situation as
assistant bookkeeper amanuensis or teacher;
no objection to the country. Address MIsS
L. L., 326 Noe Et., near Seventeenth.
COOK on a ranch by middle-aged woman; has
strong willing boy Of IS who will do the
chores; wages $15. Address M. 8., box 1454,
Call office. -
NEAT young girl desires position at second
work. Apply HIS Green et.
EXPERIENCED nurse to take charge of child
and do chamberwork ; city or countr-. Call or
address C, 31 Washington aye.
WANTED— By a lady from Canada, situation
as housekeeper for a widower with small
children, or caretaker for either an aged
couple or gentleman with invalid wife. Ad-
dress MRS. TWEEDIE, 2414 Hyde st.
PLAIN sewing or mending done at 14% Cedar
aye.. above Geary, off Larkin; also flannels [
washed with care. ■ ■
COMPETENT woman, good cook and laun-
dress, lately from the East, neat and oblig-
ing, will go a short distance In the country;
has good references. 206 Fifth st.
LADY, first-class cook in American, German
and Italian style?, wishes position in family
to do cooking and general houßework. Call
at room 19, Humboldt House, cor. Stockton
and Broadway.
WANTED— A position as resident seamstress
or managing housekeeper: can give best refer-
ences: city or country. Box 1460, Call of flea.
NEAT, reliable woman wishes position as
housekeeper or care of lodging house In ex-
change for a home for self and daughter.
Address MRS. E. STEVENS. Crockett. Cal.
RESPECTABLE woman, capable of keeping
house, would like position in respectable
home; no objection to 1 or 2 children: triflers
need not apply. Box 1457. Call, Oakland.
YOUNG lady. German, wishes position as nurse
for children or assist in general housework;
best references; country preferred. Address
MISS R. S., 523H Grove St.. near Laruna.
WANTED— Two ladies want situations to pack
dried fruit. Address L. _ 77u Folsom 9t.
CHAMBERWORK or any housework by the
day. 640 Howard St.
PROFESSIONAL nurse want"! a few more en-
gagements; terms reasonable. Address 249
Beventh st.
RESPECTABLE woman would like situation
as working housekeeper. 241 Fifth st.
GIRL of 15 years wishes position; easy house-
keeping or nurring. Address 343 Harriet st.
FIP*oT-CLASS »eamstre?s and operator wishes
any kind of sewing by the day; terms $1 per
day and car fare. Call or address 35 Fifth st.
SITUATION wanted by a reliable, experienced
Eastern woman to do cooking and housework
for a small family; a good plain cook; clty
references. Address box 1442. Call office.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing, Ironing, cleaning, $1 and carfare: disen-
gaged Monday and Friday. M., U33 Folsom st.
NEAT competent Norwegian girl wishes situa-
tion as nurse for invalid !a3y or Infant; the
best of references. Call on Monday, 513 Mc-
Allister it.
ARTIPTIC young lady would like position In
refined family, where she can make hersoi;
generally useful; moderate wages. Box 1449.
Call office.
BY competent American woman to do llph'
housework; city or country; is experienced
wattt-9 no object. Call MRB. PRICE, 52:
Ptockton st.
MIDDLS-AOED woman, first-class cook,
wishes situation; do objf-ctlon to plain wrtsfi-
ir.gr; be»t reference. KM Fiusa St., nr. Stockton.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation as flrst-
claae Infant's nurse or take charge of Email
child; good references; country only. Ad-
dress box 1450, Call office.
SEAMSTREBS; will tako work home or go In
family; 75e per day. 274S Harrison st., near
Twenty-fourm.
WANTED— Day work: also gentlemen's wash-
Ing. Call rear of 127 Turk Bt
DRESSMAKER from the EaM; flrst-class cut-
ter and titter: goes out: makes suit In one
day. 22 Octavia St.. n<-_- Market.
LADY lately from the East desires a position In
small family to care for children or axplnt
with light housework and sewing. 3244 Twen-
tj'-tiret fit . near Valencia.
RESPECTABLE woman for general house-
work . good home preferred to high wages. A.
N.. 19U Mission et.
SWEDISH wi man wants work by the day, j
washing, housecleanln_. 2911 Twsnty-flrst st..
In rear.
WANTED- Washing and ironing or nursing by
the day. 1028 Valencia st.. near Twenty-first.
1100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware; lowrates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 10 Grant aye.
AS housekeeper, by neat, reliable elderly wo-
man: experienced in taking care of children,
( k'ng, washing and cleaning house; wages
SlO a month; no postals, 'ill Minna ft.
NEAT competent Klrl. Irish, wants situation to
do upstair:; work; is a first -cIaRS seamstress.
Address M. R.. 513 East Fflteenth St., Eaut
Oakland; no postals.
ELDERLY Scotch woman wishes to do llfrht
work; good cook on ranch. 136 Fifth St..
near Howard.
BY an Ea*t<»rn woman, a situation as house-
keeper, chambermaid or cook in mining town.
Address box $80. Call offlce.
HOUSEWORK by young respectable woman !
with a baby; a good home; wages no object. ;
619 Stevenson St.
POSITION for second work and sewing: good
reference. Call or address MISS REVALEON, ,
10H Eighth st. )
YOUNG girl d»*lres position for general house-
work and cooking. 677 McAllister st. -■.-.:"
TWO refined young srlrls desire situations in
country residence. Address box 1166. Call.
SITUATIONS WAKTEO-IHALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOK I. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 5«.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
besf help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
WANTED — as bookkeeper, collector
and outside man in printing office: experience
with present employer and can handle som*
trade; large salary, not expected. Address
box 968, Call office.
YOUNG man from Philadelphia, desirous of
studying law, wishes position as assistant in
lawyer's office. Address L. M. G. P., room
703, Palace Hotel.
YOUNG man wishes position as assistant book-
keeper, bill clerk, etc.; quick and accurate.
M. A., box 1456, Call office.
MACHINIST would be glad of employment;
vise hand; fairly good draughtsman. Box
1457. Call office.
BUTLER or valet, experienced, city references,
Englishman, desires engagement. X. SPRING,
655 Pine St.
WANTED — position by thoroughly cap-
able young man. Address box 1447, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by Irishman; understands i
care of horses, milk cows, do gardening, ralsa (
vegetables: handy with carpenter tools; beat ■
references. Box 1448. Call office. __^
UPHOLSTERER, German young man. wants
- situation. t&!> Mission St.
GARDENER of long experience wants situa-
tion; thoroughly understands greenhouse,
rose house, flower garden, pruning, budding, |
propapatlng, fruit and vegetables; best refer- ■ i
enc«s. Box 1439, .Call office.
HIGH school boy desires work before and after
school for board and room; an all-around,
bright, willing "boy; experience as collector,
general clerk, etc.; make arrangements before
October IS. Addreg VAN, 2703 California st.
YOUNG Hebrew, age 26, iron molder by trade, i
2 years' experience as electrician or black-, |
smith's helper, wants situation; would take
situation in private family to learn garden-
ing and care of horses. 43 Sheridan st.
GOOD boy, living with his parents, will make j
himself generally useful. 969 Howard st.
COACHMAN; steady and reliable; careful 1
driver; can take care of garden and milk; '
best of references.. Address H., box 7, CaJl '
office. Oakland. '
HONEST Japanese boy wants to be a house-
worker in a neat family; plea*« state wages. :
Address G. J. X., 121 Haight st. '
JAPANESE school boy likes to work In office
; or family, with small wage*. K. TAN AC»I.
[ 13» Pint »t.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1893.
SITUATIONS "WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— Position as grocery clerk or driv-
ing wagon. Address box 837. Call omoe.
GOOD barber wants situation: city or country.
Address 7 Watts st., Oakland.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings;
ttrlctest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ENGINEER and machinist, young man, very
handy, will do repairing and putting up of
any kind of machinery; city or country; ref-
erences. Box 1465. Call office.
STEADY, industrious young man wants situa-
tion as man about pUce; can milk, etc.; will
work cheap. Box 1474. Call office.
A MAN who is not as swift as some people,
but steady and true, desires a position in a
private family, club, etc.. in any capacity;
is entirely respectable and trustworthy. Ad-
dress box 147 C, Call offloc
RELIABLE, steady German, with four years*
experience in grocery business, wishes posi-
tion; best references. .„ Address CHAS. LAIN-
GER, «21 California it.
ENGINEER— Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position ft- engineer, assist-
ant or In boiler room. Address Engineer. 22
Sacramento st.
GOOD reliable man desires situation as hotel
butcher and assistant cook. Li second st.
BOOKKEEPER, 30, desires engagement; thor-
ough knowledge of single and double entry;
highest references. Box 1176, Call office.
E.""- INKER- Young German, competent and
steady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or In boiler room; wages moderate. Box 761,
Call office. > "
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to tt
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
lIKI.1 1 tVA.vriSD— FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS for institution, $25, German pre-
ferred: 4 waitresses, city and country, $20; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20: hotel cook, small
place, $25; family cook, $40; Jewish family
cook, $30; house girl, small American family.
$25, and many girls for city and country
g laces, $20; young girls to assist, $12 to $15.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20; woman for
cooking, etc., ranch. $25; housekeeper, $20.
MURRAY & READY. 63*4-636 Clay St.
WANTED — can accommodate yet a few
experienced operators In our white and flan-
nel shirt departments. Standard Shirt Fac-
tory, Gough and Grove sts.
YOUNG girl, care two children; must sleep
home. 1917 Webster st. ________
YOUNG girl for cooking; German preferred;
$20 to $25; call Monday between 2 and 4. 2924
California st.
NICE young girl to wait on table. Apply 3193
Mission st., for two days. _______
GIRL for light housework; must sleep home.
1607 Broderlck St.
GIRL or woman; light general housework;
moderate wages. 8 Liberty st.
WANTED— dressmaker; part In
exchange room or room and board. 204 Hyde.
YOUNG girl to do light housework from 8 a. m.
to 3 p. m. : Bleep, home; $8 per month. 706
Taylor st. Monday morning.
OPERATORS on wrapper?, gowns, waists and
skirts. IS First St.. NEWBAUER BROS.
WANTED — Neat young Protestant girl to as-
Bist in light housework; sleep home. Call
Monday, 1120V4 Filbert St., near Hyde.
ACTOR wants young lady partner for sketch ;
experience unnecessary. Box 1440. Call office.
WANTED— GirI experienced in photo printing.
84 Murphy building.
WANTED — Experienced glove saleslady; none
■ other need apply. 522 Market et.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. 1227 Jack-
son Et.
LADIES everywhere to mail circulars, samples
and copy letters at home; reply with stamped
envelope. Peerless Co., South Bend, Ind.
GOOD home for lady in exchange for light
housekeeping. Call 503 I«.rkln st.
WANTED — First-class finishers and buttonhole
makers on custom vest*. 70S California st.
GIRL tor housework and plain cooking; $10.
Call Sunday, 321 Turk st.
NEAT young girl to assist with housework;
sleep home. 742 Capp St., near Twenty-third.
j RESPECTABLE young woman can have a
comfortable horns for a few hours' light
housework daily. Apply Monday, between 1
and i. at 1*32 Filbert st. ■
WANTED — Good coat finisher; must under-
; stand operating. I! SteTenson st., In rear.
LADIES, don't fail to visit the McDowell
School. It Is the largest and best dressmak-
ing and millinery school this side of Chicago.
Th« McDowell system of dresscutting, late
Improvement. Is the one that received all the
gold medals and diplomas. In our millinery
class we teach the art of stylish millinery;
unlimited lessons; easy payment; send for
circular*. THE McDOWELL DRESSMAK-
ING AND MILLINERY BCH< OL, 103 Post St.
$100,000 to loan: low Interest: private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
PERSON wishing to l«-arn science of healing
and serve an nurse. H. X., box 1463. Call.
AN apprentice and . tailored wanted. Apply
M. E. DAVIS CO., 347 Third St.
WOMEN and girls wanted to work on fruit. 378
San Joee ay«.
AN old lady as housekeeper; small, wages. 1057
Golden Gate aye.
WANTED — Operators on flannel overshirta; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36V4 Fremont st.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom coats;
steady work. 10» Battery ft.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
work. Call 2766 Sacramento ■_,
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: position!
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 102 Post.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. S3 Battery
nt. , upstairs.
YOUNG, energetic, capably women to take or-
ders for custom shirts In city. Box 870, Call.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good position*;
patterns IPe up. lIS McAllister «t.
HELP WANTED— MALE.
COOKS 1 Monday We want
5 hotel cooks, $40, $35, $30 and found; 8 res-
taurant cooks, $10, $S, $7, week; 2 lunch coun-
ter cooks; 6 dishwashers, $30, $25. $20 and $15.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and «36 Clay St.
WAITERS — — Monday We want
5 hotel walterß, $3". $J". J2O and found; 6
ro«taurant waiters, $30, $25 and found. MUR-
RAY 4 REAIiV, 634 and 63« Clay »t.
FARMER and wife, Santa Clara County; 25 ]
farmers, orchard, vineyard hands und milk-
ers, $26. $25 and $20 and found. MURRAY &
READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
Railroad work
Prep fare Free fare
35 two-hone teamsters. S. P. R. R., $1 75 day
26 laborers- S. P. R. R.. $1 75 day
65 laborers and teamsters, others, R. R.
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
BLACKSMITH, country shop. MURRAY &
READY, 654 and 636 Clay St.
THREE bedsprlngs makers; city. MURRAY
6 READY, 634 and 636 Clay »t.
TEN woodchoppers at $1 25 day. Contra Costa
County 5 laborers for country quarry, $26
and found. MURRAY & READY. 634 and
C 36 Clay st.
PORK packer for a large ranch; $35 and found.
MTIRRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay St.
FOUR boys to work for city manufacturing
company, to learn trades, $4 50 week. MUR-
RAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
In San Francisco
Driver, milk wagon $30 and found;
stableman $25 and found;
25 two-horse teamsters, $1 "a and $1 60 day;
2T, laborers. $1 76, $1 60 and $1 f.O day and $26
and found. MURRAY & READY, 634 and
638 Clay st.
TO woods and tie camps,
145 m-oodchoppers, different places, $2 50, $2,
$1 75. $1 50 and $1 per cord.
i Tools and food furnlehed
98 tiemakers, B<\ 9c and lie each; 25 men to
mnke posts, $1 25 per cord. MURRAY <fc
READY. 634 and 636 Clay Bt.
c7r. HANSEN & CO.. Io4*Geary St., want for
railrriad work — 2 blacksmiths. 2 wheelwrights.
10 tunnel men, 50 teamsters and laborers, ship
Monday, free fare for all hands; for a large
new marble quarry, a gang of quarrymen.
special rates for fare. $2 per day; for the new
Mountain Railroad In Tuolumne County, a
j gang of laborers and teamsters; 5 milkers; 10
farmers; 20 woodsmen, $30 and $35; man and
I wife for a private place In the country, man
must be a good gardener, 'wife a good cook;
100 laborers and teamsters In and about city,
I $1 60 to tl JO per day. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
! 104 Geary st.
iWE ship Wednesday for Skaguay. Mr. John
I Stanley. Mayor of Skagiiay, will be here Mon-
j day and Tuesday. C. R. HANSEN & CO..
! 104 Geary st.
SHIPPING clerk for a wholesale house; must
have thorough knowledge of the business;
familiar with shlpplnp to all parts of the
State, East and abroad: $75 per month: only
| such need apply who can furnish the best of
references for the above position. Apply In
person with hnndwritlng to C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
j WANTED— lntelligent solicitors, with good ref-
erences, to handle a proposition that will
brine big returns for the noxt 3 months. J.
N. ODELL. 206 Kearny st.
WANTKF) — Salesman for retail erockerv store;
(five experience and wages expected. Box
1438. Call office.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— 3 men to solicit on something new.
Call at once. 156 Fifth st. ■
TWO wide-awake solicitors. 128 Ellis st.,
room 10.
' WANTED— A retail salesman, familiar with
\ the grocery or crockery trade: give reference
as to competency and character; state sal-
ary expected. Box 1441, Call office.
WANTED— At once a good Job chop plater, one
who can do his own polishing; wages $2 50
per day. Wire or address Pacific Railing and
Plating Works, 118 Union st., Seattle, Wash.
GOOD waiter wanted. 29 Fourth st.
BOY to work in candy store; well recom-
mended; German preferred. Apply 10 a, m.,
812 Valencia at.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman.
Apply at WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.'S, 523
. Market St., from 2 to 3 p. m. Monday.
WANTED — Experienced furnishing good* sales-
man; state age, experience, salary, reference.
BOX 1436, Call.
EXPERIENCED curtain and drapery sales-
man; must understand hanging and draping;
state age. experience, salary, reference. Box
1437, Call.
WANTED— Strong boy for retail store: state
fullest particulars. Box 1427. Call Office.
WANTED— A dry-goods salesman at 10S Fifth
street. % :.V V; --^ ;^- ; : '■'■;•/ i
TO go to-day— Another lot, 200 pairs men's
second-hand shoe?, some nearly new, from 2."c
to $1. 582 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts.; open all day Sunday: call early.
BARTENDER wanted— Young man for fir-;t-
class house; wages not over $7 per week:
give full particulars as to age, where and
how Ion? last employed; must be strictly so-
ber, quick, economical habits, etc. Address
Box S3S, Call Office.
WANTED— Three carpenters. Call at 118 Fifth
street.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. SOS Montgom-
ery St., third floor; convenient place.
$100,000 to- loan on diamonds and Jewelry: pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED — Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will send you j
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third St., New
York City, room A.
AN active, intelligent, sober young man to oars
for horses, garden and do necessary work
around houF.e here in city: good slcuation.
Address P. O. box 2175, General P. 0., S. F.
MAN to take care of 1 horse and buggy at
private residence; $.", per month and found.
Leave address at box 1466. Call office.
BOT IS to 17 years old a.« typewriter for a city
office; state full particulars and wages re-
quired. Box 1464, Call offlce.
BARBER wanted to buy shop. Inquire 2274
Second st.
GOOD canvassers; can give you best show yet.
Room 14, 606 Montgomery st.
FIRST-CLASS prefer on cloaks and suits. 40
Ellis St.; good wages. WEINSTEIN.
GOOD grocery clerk to lake charge of place.
( nil 409 Fansorne *t.
NEW hydraulic barber chair for sale. 802
Montgomery aye.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
10 years, who art citizens of the United
States, or Unose who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; n:'ist be of
goo<) character and hsblts and ah;." ta speak,
read and write English, and be between J
feet I Inches and 6 feet lm height. For Purthaf
Information apply at the recruiting <.t&c: 2«
Ellis St.. San Francisco. Cal.
EXPERIENCED men tailors on ladles' suits.
M. J. KELLER CO., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS ladies' tailors. A. KAHN. M
Geary st.
WANTED— Plasterers to stay away from Sun
Francisco as th«ro are plenty of mm and
are on Etrike.
BARr,ER>' Progressive Uninn; free eninloy-
m't. H. Bernard, Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jet^ie 116*.
HALF-TONE photo engraver for a I'e^i-atvie
situation. Proprietor, 1304 Franklin, Oakland.
WANTED— and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, atlll
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : I.'/ 1 large
rooms; 2Jc per night; $1 to $3 per week.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms: or j
trade guaranteed $15. 1542 Market st.
AMATEUR musicians for social purpose. S2B
Bush St., office No. 4, third floor. ;
JHWELER6— Bush s^, office No. 4, third
floor. |
MEN'S fine calf chocs to order, {2 50: men's
soleinjr, 3.V: only one price. 923 Howard Bt.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. S.
FUCHS, Bee. 325 Grant aye.; tei. Grant 13*.
MEN and women to learn barber trad* at San '
Fra.nci«co Barber College. IMS Eighth st.
WANTED — To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st. j
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at i
LANE'S, £04 Davis «t.. near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine. !arg». sunny .an.d airy .
room, 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis St. :
TRY Acme House. 167 Market St., below Sixth, i
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast, ■
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Stenart.
SINGLE room*, 10c and 15c night: 7.'.c and $1
we*k. Llndell House. Sixth »nd Howard sts.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third at., near 1
Market: 200 rooms. 25c night: reading-room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS make big money selling revolving
cake turners; samples 20c. O. E. MICKKL,
Haverhill, Mass.
ONLY perfect bath cabinet; latest patent;
great Belief. R. M. IRWIN. Nashville. Term.
A— sio PER day made by selling "History of
Our War With Spain." anil other articles
of merit, Call at COMMERCIAL ADVER-
TISIXG CO.. 632 Market St.; room 8.
FtiniTlTlfc WAKTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, fnrnltnre, mer-
chandise; sold on commission; reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. BAITM buys furniture and general m«r-
chandlse. 11157 Market st.; tel. Jessie t3.
HOUSES WANTED.
MODERN cottage or upper flat with good
stable; desirable location. 745 Guerrero st.
WANTED— StabIe for 5 horses, with or wlth-
«nit cottnrrr or flat. Addro.~y '.}.. J'*i? Folspm.
ROOMS WAKTKD.
WANTED— light housekeeping moms; sunny
bedroom, furnished, $10. Address box M, Call
branch office. 106 Eleventh «t.
2 OR 3 unfurnished rooms north of Market;
middle-aged, quiet coupU; terms reasonable.
PA YIP. STERN & SONS.
W ANTED— MISCELLAJJEOCS.
PAINTER (commencer) wants to buy second-
hand tools, ladders, blocks, stage, ropes, etc.
Offers to C. BEITZ, 136? East Eleventh St..
East Oakland. _*_• :
GASOLINE engine wanted; cheap; 2% to 5
h. p. Address JEFFERY, 1013 Hayes st.
FOOT LATHE, back geared, screw cutting,
second hand. Apply 718 Montgomery st.
BABY carriage; nearly new. 1015 Howard
street. .
WANTED— Remington typewriter. No. C or 7,
In fin* condition; cash; state price. Box 852,
Call office.
A LOT of old windows; any size; must be
cheap. Address box 1494, Call office.
CLOTHING, bric-a-brac, books periodical*
bought. Send for KLEIN. 103 Sixth st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern ap»»-
ratui lecond-hand. 199 Montgomery it.
• _; LOST. t r^
PARROT lost Thursday. Finder state where it
can be identified and reward given. M. 5.,.
box 1459, Call office. : __i '.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name or CHARLES ZISSIG. ■ No. 222,114. The
finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Saturday on Mission oar or Fifth St.,
purse containing f-3; liberal reward. Hair-
dresser' d, IMS Market st. ■ " .-
RKWARD $5— Lost: bracelet, vicinity of new
colleges south of park last Sunday; valued as
keepsake. Return to 715 Cole Bt.
STRAYED from Dasher's Seal Rock House,
baj- mare; reward. 125 Gough st.
LOST— Small gold locket; two small pictures In
It. Please return to 553 Howard et.
LOST— l*dy*i silver watch Friday nlßht. Re-
turn to 919 Hampshire St., receive reward.
OLD jold, diamonds and wedding presents
bought at UNCLE HARRIS 1 . 15 Grant aye.
AN ostrich feather boa, on Bush or Sutter sts.
R»turn to SOl Powell Ft. and receive reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for. 10 shares of the San
Francisco and Ban Joaquln Valley Railroad.
Issued to A. G. RT7RS. has 'been 1 lost and a
reward of Sift Is 'hereby offered for delivering
.. the name to A. G. RUS?. 10\ M rorngT T st '
FOPJtD. ■:^. '■ ■ ■ "._
$100,000 to loan ladles on their diamonds and
. sealskins. UNCLE ; HARRIS, IS Grant . ay*.
PERSONALS.
WIDOWER, possessing noble, generous Duali-
ties of heart and mind, worth $250,600, longs
for genial wife. "California," 133 East 65th
St., ci. Y. '. -:- : "*
LEDERER'S Quinonla. an extract of quinine,
is a perfect hair tonic; Sic a bottle; try it. G.
LEDERER, 111 Stockton st. ■
LEDERER is the up-to-date hairdresser; 26c;
hair restored to its natural color, $1 50 up;
good switches, $1; finest. $3 50; extra, $5; open ;
Sunday 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton.
HAIR gray, falling, scalp troubles cured. DR.
KUERTER. specialist, 1152 Franklin St.. Oak-
land; send stamp.
MAGNETISM is the life of the physical: It
cures sleeplensne.'F, melancholia or any dis-
ease that is curable; instructions given con-
cerning the causation of malformation, birth- |
marks and their prevention; the power of i
thought and its effects: philosophy of life or
how to live; no medicine, no batteries used,
no rubbing; can heal from a distance. J. W.
BROWN, magnetic healer, 1362 Grove st.,
Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
•hgnille-wovf rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine, in hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO MATTHEW. 70S Fifth. Oakland
SEND 10c (currency) for 3 months' trial sub-
scription to Men and Matters. New Orleans,
■ La. ; regular price, $1 per year.
MANUFACTURER'S stock, 830 beautiful col-
ored pictures, 10x14 inches, mounted on glass
- with brass chain around for hanging; 89 sub-
jects for 15c each; sold everywhere for 35c.
JONES, 547 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d.
WALLACE'S system of dresscutting taught at
419 San Pablo ave\, Oakland.
MARRY rich; names, addresses and photon,
sealed, free. C. H. ROWAN, Milwaukee. Wis.
STRICTURE and prostate gland troubles (pain
in bladder) cured while you sleep; new pro-
cess; no pain. Box 563 Call office.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market: 200 room».
2.'.c to $1 50 per night: $1 60 to $fi per we»k;
free 'bus and bagfrace to and from the ferry.
THE Magic Hand Loom mends all fabrics; per-
fect weaver: 25c. Greater West Advertising
and Novelty Co.. IISS Washington, Oakland.
SUITS to order on Installments at. cash prices.
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LF.MOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
MATRIMONY.
ALL seeking marriage call or send 12c for Oct.
marriage paper; sure success: no $5 fee. Add.
tiling Hell. 11l Kills *t..San Francisco. Cat.
DRESSMAKER*..
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market; men and women teachers.
MMX. GO, )STEIN— EI ant stylish dresses. »
up: dresses made ver. 3 Kddy st . rm 14-18.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affeo-
tlons; unites the separated, recorers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while In a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mall. Bend stamp f«r circular with spe-
cial terms MRS. DR. V. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26. 1206 Market St.. opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER. the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under th» highest profes-
sor* of occultism; all wishing to know th»ir
future consult her Immediately; poor people
half fee: by mall. $1; diagnoses an diseases.
428 Post ft.
MMR. WALTERS, the preat card reader: la-
dles 25c, gents EOc. 951 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
MRS J EPSON tells past, present, future: L.
We; G. $1. 773 22d, b<«t. West & Brush. Oaklnd.
TOUR future told by cards for 86c. 221 Sixth
street.
MME. EXODIUS, clairvoyant. 133 Sixth St.,
room 4; fee 50c.
CONSULT the gifted clairvoyant: fee 25c. 41
Minna st.. basement.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader: past,
present and future; 2Cc. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MMB HYP.ILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladle*. »14 O'Farrelt st.
MMV". MOREAU, the best medium and card
reader: 250 up. 73 Fourth st., near Mission:
MMV RAVENA reads Iff- fluently: business
adrlc«: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MRS: B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farr:ll St. ;
EI.EVEaTK. l «— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SPIRITUALISM.
A— MRS. I. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium, j
life reader.medical clairvoyant. diseases cured ■
with revealed r*meaiei«; cancer cured without
pain; tlttlnrs $1: diagnosis free. 232 Stockton
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 11« Haight st.
MRS ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia, st.: F*ad-
Ir,r», M: clr. Tue» . Frt.. Ip. m.: Yon <: »f.
PALMISTRY.
IRENE SMITH, teacher and reader In palm-
Istrv. Removed to 1261 .Tifferson. Oakland.
EDUCATIONAL.
HKALD'S Business College, 24 Po»t St.— Book-
keeplny, , business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegrarhy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.: X teachers; 1100 grad-
uate* placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College, 723 Market st. ; Indi- |
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book- i
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship, $50: low rates j
per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Perry, Ph. B.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C. 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channing way, Berkeley; writefor circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay. archlt.; day k eve.;
ett. ISC4. VAN DER RAILX.EN, 933 Market.
GENTLEM excellent pianist, Lelpslc grad-
uate, highest testimonials, desires pupils. Ad-
dress box 1455. Call office.
BANJO, piano, mandolin, violin thoroughly
taught; 50c per lesson. 10274 Market st.
LAW SCHOOLS: 927 Market st., city; 90«
Broadway, Oakland; day and night.
MARHESI'S vocal studio. 811 Leavenworth St.,
near Gutter: t\ an hour; also piano.
MME ANNIS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct. natural method. !'3oBu«<h.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Cald«rell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bids-. 123 EI1!».
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, .cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught: short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bld».
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman. 1234 Bush.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskins and Jew-
elry. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price ;- our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light It floats. Full set of teeth, $5; crowns,
$3 SO up; gold fillings. $1 up: silver. 50c up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work: no charge for extructldn when plates
are ordered: examination and consultation
free. MODERN DENTAL PARLORS, 3 Ma-
son St.. corner Market; phone South 7SI.
A FULL set of teeth, $6; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; guaranteed .10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold $1 up: silver 250
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 18 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission St.. corner Sixth.
i DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
99T Market St.. corner Bixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. near
Eleventh: crowns, bridge work and ftlltnt;s a
.. specialty: all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. ~
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken. -■*---
BICYCLES.
WANTED— exchange for dentistry;. bicycle!
saddle horse, or what have you for exchange?
Dentist, box 1477. Call office.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new
1897 high grade $100 bicycles for $23; new
tires. $2: new pedals. $1 25 a pair: repairing.
JOSEPH ■ lIOLLE. 20th and Folsom st».
~ PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O" DON NELL, office and residence.
1206 Market: dlaases of -vomen specialty
_________
STOHAtiE,
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
office Tenth and Market; telephone South 111.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO 22' i Geary st.
Money advanced on all houses.
7 rooms; Turk St.; all rented $273
11 rooms; new and elegant: O'Farrell St.. 500
12 rooms; Ellis st. clears $50 50
15 rooms; Third st. rent only $30 27.>
22 rooms; dining-room; corner 1700
— 9800; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $113; rent
$45; good furniture. KREDO <£: CO., 22Vs Geary.
A— ssoo; 37 rooms; centrally located; clears $150
j month; snap. KREDO a.- CO., 22% Geary st.
A*-$1600; 53 rooms; bay-window corner; cen-
trally located; clean $150 month; $1000 cash,
balance time. KREDO & CO.. T-Vt Geary st.
55-ROOM HOUSE; CALL FOR PRICE.
THE OWNER HAS ALMOST CONCLUDED
TO GIVE IT AWAY.
IS-roorn house on Sixth st $300
23 rooms; sunny corner 1100
15-room house; clears $100 ■"•"
21-roorn house; central; clears $150 800
82-room house; best in city 100)
12-room house: worth $800 301
15-room house; on Sutter st 4.' 0
24-room house; clears Jl3O 1400
20-room house; worth $1000 400
50 other houses, from 3 to 200 rooms. All
prices.
H. C. DECKER, in:; Market St., opp. Fifth.
A— 32-ROOM house; best transient house
in city; 2 entrances; a bargain
4* rooms; north of Market st.; fine $1200
14 rooms: near Call building; new 525
76 rooms; select: transient; corner 3000
18 rooms; rent $00 4. r ,O
22 rooms; north of Market: clears $123 ... ll.",0
13 room<<: all new furniture 575
IF YOU WILL CALL ON is
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO i/m\tion.
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
— BIG bargain; must be sold at once; IS
rooms; new furniture; given away for $400
only. F. C. HYDE & CO., 1208 Market st.
$1500; CLEARS $150; Market st 22 rooms
$1000; clears $80; fine corner 24 rooms i
$1600; transient; clears over $100 60 rooms
$700; transient: big bargain 37 rooms
$2."0; Third St.. near Market 16 rooms
$1100; Installments; clears $150 80 rooms
1660; near Market St.; clears $75 16 rooms
$950; Sixth St.. near Market M rooms
$700; near K»arny st. ; clears $85 +s rooms
National Business Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WINSTON A CO., Oil Market St.
16 rooms; Market St.; rent $50; part cash. $S.'O
28 rooms; rent $35; corner 550
30 rooms: Post st. : fine place 1,900
48 rooms; rent $90; corner 800
56 rooms; rent $110; near Call building.. 2.0 M
$2t"O— HOUSE of 10 well furnished rooms: pays
well; cheap rent; great bargain. National
Agency, 7 Grant aye.
$l"0— 7-ROOM house; good paying; sickness;
bargain; no dealers. Apply 307 Third St.
$100,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low inter-
e?t. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
CONTENTS of five rooms; nearly new; strict-
ly modern; perfect condition; rare opportuni-
ty for new married couple; for sale cheap;
no dealers. Box 1443, Call office.
CHIFFONIER, lamp and chairs In exchange
for sunny room or cash. 4-"' Geary St.. tin. 17.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $S per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
rams as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in coed second-hand uprights upon same easy
payment? and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Eteinway dealers, c>Tner Kearny and Sutter
its.. Ban Franeinco, And Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER _ CHASES.
26, 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, ortans and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please ana satisfy the
customer.
AN elegant Knabe piano; slightly used; cab-
inet grand; mahogany case; 3 pedals: a bar-
pain: also 1 Vose & Sons. 1 Sterling. ! Steck
BKNJ. CURTAZ & SON, Ckickering agents.
16 to 20 O'Farrell st.
FOR the next 30 day? pianos will be poM for
cash at aknost cost price b- the ZENO
MAtJVAIS MUSIC CO.. 789 Market St.; they
are making room for fresh . tock.
MAGNIFICENT Hardman pip.no, like new; a
h»rfrain: a fine Gilbert upright, cheap: organ
$20. THE J. DEWING CO., second floor,
Flood bulldtng.
SOHMER * CO., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Brlgss an- other pianos; yee cur rent plan;
no interest first year. 301, 310, 312 Post st.
$90 — Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmitz.
16 McAllister at., next Hibernia Bank.
FOR sale — An organ: cheap. 440 A Clementina
j street. : '
j AN elegant Stelnwny. upright for $230 cash;
must sail. KEEFFE'S. 1021 'an Ness aye.
IT costs you S'* to see pianos we rent for $3 per
mo. SCOTT-CURTAZ PIANO CO.. SCO Hayes
■ NEARLY n*w upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG. 216 McAllister.
SPECIAL sale of pianos; wholesale jrlcea to
all. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest; uprights. $73 dp;
rents $2 up. HEINE, 13"? Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new : *.yles. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrel'. St.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'T,T.KR. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Bent to any address In the United
Rtdten cr Canada one "ear 'or $1 50. postaga
raid.
HORSES.
HORSE "Mester," hurdle Jumper, for sale.
LANHARD'S, 2325 Post St.
HORSE, harness and phaeton: fine condition:
chtap for cash. LABHARD'S stable, 2323
Poet ft.
60 HORDES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia St.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
name?.', etc.. at your own price; come and
make an offer.
I 40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand- Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 3f7 Sixth: auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Sale Yards,72l Howard.
LARGE assortment of work, draught and
driving hordes, cheap. 145 Valencia st.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkln. opp City Hall.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladlee— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregul»rity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write: free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES. 1228 Market
st.; pillß. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure at any time; my celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall: travelers helped without delay: home In
confinement: skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free mi' 1 confidential: strong pills.
SI: guaranteed cure. $5. MRS. DR. WYETH.
, 2CB Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and futo: no danger of after ef-
fects; taken In time it alto acts as a pre-
ventive; price $150 per box, ' sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., 8. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing aleewhere write us.
NEW process Kent for female trouble: no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician ; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure: no medi-
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills and capsules. $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny at
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used, guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
home for patients: consult free; confidential.
MRS. PR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pllli
(Diamond Brand). be»t; safe, reliable: tak*
no other: rend 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye.; private home in confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate: Infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure; $2 50:
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.;
LADIES, my monthly regulator cannot 'all;
box free. MRS. B. ROWAN. Milwaukee, Wis.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife: sunny, plaasant'
home in confinement. IE6 Second st.
$100,000 to loan on bronzes, silverware: private
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 13 Grant ay».
CHF:AFE*FT and best in America— The. Weekly
Call Sent to any . address In th& United
ptrt>»« r"i«tr>r»ld. for J1 so a year. ' '
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
C. E. PETERS, attorney and counselor-at-taw,
40 Montgomery St.. room 16.
L. K. CLARK— Emma Spreckelr bids.. 927 Mar-
ket: consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unle»s successful. W. j
W. DAVIDSON, 927 Market st.
BI.SIXESS CHANCES.
WERTIIEIM £ KEUTII, 660 Market St., corner
Saloon" in close neighborhood to Brewery:
etook, fixtures, ice chest and h>. drauUc *e£
pump, Tivolt pool table: cheap rent and >«"«_ .
$1400-Elegantly fitted up saloon; near EXBM
nt»r building. l^-onr fixtures;
Saloon; fine front and el « a "'^t Jt '
large stock: only a few doors ' " nl Market st r-
*lo.ooo-Hotel; terminus of cars; 38 fine 1> iur
nlshed rooms; 4 pianos; great bar trade.
Grocery and bar; fine corner soutn
Market St.; well stocked; old s , ta J™;_, hborh0 od;
*700-Grocery and bar in best ViJ ■.;'.• r00:.,.-.
north of Martcetrfgoodfatock;! 5 living i nw —
A-» 200; saloon; easily worth $1000; $10 daily.
KREDO i CO..*; :-•■■■ G i ar >L st :____— —
A ; ; corner cigar stand; fine location ;^vaWe
in stock; $18 dal!y_KllEDO____a, - 2 - ( '* ary -
A=-s7oo{'partnerrlmllk route and boardinK stable:
200 steady customers: clears S2so.T Kreao,^ r i*»-
A-»3oo;fßra^chlD^rxSaellcacy and laundry
offxe; ben in Mission: ?>« daily: sold on ac
Count of sickn-ss. KREPQ.g>"-- fll »": U
*-00-PARTNER~^n7*d7 "^V^'month'tS
'business; last 16 years cleared *',».. a h m % °"" t hheh n cl p.
each; big chance to Increasi; must . hai« a n eip.
National BusineES_^ge^\ jj^ran^ ave^
vLocn oppcsT^i clears^sloo rnon£
$350-n-Ccrner gr.cery and b *Z>? le *£?J'y $175-
s4oo— Restaurant; receipts $40 to $50 day. ♦£__.
Branch bakery: 4 rooms; a bargain. National
Business Agency, 7 Grant aye: _ -
J36G FINE corner silken, with clubroom; fine
fixtures; surrodnded by factories.; sreat b^r
gain on recount of slckness;sthlB?week onij.
National BuMine^Agency^TJjrant a\e.
$ RANCH bake"r>-. stationery and variety
store; near school: clears $60 month; 4 roomi ,
bargain: National Agency, i '.nn..
1 /
- BARB] R shop"; chairs: ««-^JSl^_
ing »C 0 per month: thorough in% estl^" on t ' a
bargain. STEWART & I CO-T; 632 i Market : at. #
LEASE and rurnUare for saie-A family hotel
leiy^d^nif-^Mi^^
Sii^,Sl^ co.^eSa
Market st. »_____
A BARGAIN this week, 18-acre fruit ranch;
wa^^^Sfe
i^^________4sii^
JBCO-FOR sale, the oldest" and >>£*______?
real estate office and business in Oakland
sold at one time for $5000 cash . sub "^^
more than pay all expenses: the present owner
BUTCHKB ,ho,, cheap; good
sellt 15 cattle weekly; Is good tha nee tor
business man: only principals appU to if.
URI & CO., Clay st. market. .
PARTNER wanted with 1600 to ,»J«__ff_i|__!
working quartz and placer claims adjoining;
or will Bell all claims at reasonable price.
I'lease call at 310 Sutter st. .
S4CO-R EST A URAKT; re 1 5 ell>t f 11 *£~y,?£Zl for
boarders pay saloon. National Agency. I
email coffee saloon. National Agency. <
Grant aye. >
PARTNER with $1200 for country hotel; strict-
ly first-class trade; not necessar> to under
stand the business. Box 1488. Call ofllce.
BARGAIN; good restaurant; no reasonable
offer refused. Inquire Santa Clara Dairy, ion
Howard St.. near Steuart. .
FOR sale-City Call • route Paying $150 per
month profit. For particulars address box
1441. Call office. __
SMALL milk route for sale: 3 cows and ligfH.
wagon and horse; cheap. 509 Point Lobos aye.
MAN with $200 or $300 to travel: big money; no
canvassing. E. H. L.. 716 Larkln st.
BRANCH bakery and delicacy store cheap; 4
living rooms; rent $15. 1505 Buchanan st.
SALOON: whole or half-interest: city front:
opposite ferries. 23 East st., near Clay.
GOOrT"paying shoe business for sale cheap.
Apply at 569 Market gt.. basement.
FOR sale cheap— Branch bakery, notion* and
cigars. 2102 Howard St. J
$100,000 to loan on sealskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy^ Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
I IN San Jose, partner wanted In .1 perfectly
legitimate office business that can be made
very profitable; experience not necessary, but
$2000 in cash; good references intelligence
and some business ability required; this is
no humbug, but a genuine good opportunity
for the rieht person, preferably a young
man. Address I. O. box 1342, San Jose.
AT A SACRIFICE of the best located res-
taurants In Oakland; has been run by tha
present owners for nine years; clears"?2s« per, ..
month; first-class trade; owners retiring on, "
account if other business in S. F. For par-
ticulars address J. X.. box 9, Call. Oakland.
FOR Sale— A bargain; the Nickel saloon, with
fittings, futures, stock and pianoforte. 153
Seventh St., near new postoffice site.
WANTED— Young man with J250 ito start a
corner grocery and bar: good stand In view;
cheap rent. Apply 712 Vermont St. .
$223— SALOON and stock; 2 living rooms and.
fine furniture; best location; rent $20. Infor-
mation, 7"2 McAllister st.
FOR Cheap: barber shop in a good coun-
try town; on easy terms. Apply Call office.
LARGE hotel furnished: must be sold. Call
156 Third st and make offer.
TWO-CHAIR barber shop cheap for cash. 2034
Bhattuck aye.. Berkeley. : ■■
GOOD location for butcher shop: 2 rms.; rent
reas. 290 3d aye., cor. Clement: Sutro cars.
OIL route: best in city; make offer; any price;
other business. 443 Dupont st. ; afternoon.
FIRST-CLASS barber shop near city. Apply
DECKELMAX BROS., 106 Ellis St.
I BRANCH restaurant for sale. 2575 Sixteenth,
-treet^
I OYSTER house and restaurant; very best lo-
cation. Apply Call office.
CASH grocery— business corner, cor. Del-
mas aye. and San Salvador st., San Jose; lot
137:2x45; new house. Including store, 3 rooms,
horse and wagon; electric light on corner;
sewer finished; street car on Delmas aye.;
i worth $3000; will sell for $2500. Apply at store.
GROCERY and saloon^Tor sale: first-class stock,
groceries, liquors, etc.; NE. corner Oak and
Scott sts. For Information apply at prem-
ises or to CURTIN & BEALS. room 24. third
floor. Mills building: lease 2 to 5 years.
i $300— PARTNER in established business: bl«
profits: value in sight. Box 1491. Call office.
FIRST-CLASS saloon. Inquire Wleland Brew-
ery, Second et.. near Folsom.
■FINE bakery to let. 712 Valencia st.
FIRST-CLASS saloon; one block from the Bald-
win Hotel. Full particulars by application to
H ayes Valley brewery. 512 Grove st.
SUNNY store, bar: 3 rooms; brick basement;
fixtures complete; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores
and Fifteenth sts.
$650— AN' old established market on principal
business street: good reason for selling. Box
117S, Call office.
FOR SALE— the Silver Dollar saloon,
312 Sansome st. ; must be sold.
FOR sale — Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office.
■ HEADQUARTERS for solicitors on coffee, tea,
spices, etc.: supplied as wanted: cheapest
prices. 107-100 Beale st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BREECH-IX)ADING shotgun for $1.">; cost ori
Inally $32. UNCLE HARRIS, IS Grant aye.
FOR sale — No. 8 Eureka ranch etove. ill
Tenth St.
ASK to see the $11 diamond ring; ask to see th»
I $16 diamond ring. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
BOILERS, engines, 2d-hand machinery. Mo
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
100,000 FEET second-hand lumber: all kinds
old buildings bought and sold. FRENCH ft
CO.. Fifteenth and Valencia sts.
2-HORSE. also S-horse gas engine; good condi-
tion; can be Been In operation. WILLIAMS
BROS., First and Franklin sts.. Oakland.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J
NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.. abovi
Sixth.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
i glues, boilers, dynamos, etc. 616 Mission st.
SAFES — New and second hand: cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manre., £33 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS. $20; records, J5 p»r dozen-
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 935-962 Market!
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second hand- all
sizes: half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CARPET CLEAMXG.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Work-m in i
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVFNS M^"
and 40 Eighth st.: telephone ; 250. '
WHEN you become disgusted wlth~Doo<- work
send to SrAULDING'S PlonSer^Car^t-
beating Wormy "53-57 'i • ama Bt. : tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. C. .— - t-c!ranlne Co 451
Stevenson St.; tel uth 221: lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3a per yard; relald at 3a
KTRATTON. 8 Eighth _ : tel. Je«le 344." .
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
n.: cleaning 3c yard: tel. Mission 74.
CONKLI.VS Carpei-beatlng Works. 323 Golden
Gate aye.: tel. East 126. vjoiaen
I ADVANCE Carpet cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter «*.i
1 tel. Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM. ProprletorT 1
' * ' -* • r: ; *<_BCITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 Montgomery st.
BUSINESS COR--ER LOT— BARGAIN. ■
( I -Corner 33x119 (irregular), a half biocK
V .rom Mission st.; a snap.
CORNER ON FIRST AVENUE.
Corner lot, 25x115; good lot for drug-
store or first-class grocery store; easy terms.
NORTH BEACH.
Two-story house of S rooms and bath
a:, i storeroom; brick foundation; 30x137:6; ma-
rine view.
A CHEAP MISSION HOME.
$1900— window residence of 7 rooms and
bath, etc.; in good condition; nice location;
25x100; rents $204 per annum.
PARK PANHANDLE LOT.
$2150— Street accepted by the city; 2:x112:6.
TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
$2600— Rente $264 per annum; 5 rooms and bath
each; Mission warm belt; street accepted.
A VERY COZY HOME.
$2300— A very cozy, modern cottage lof fly«
rooms and bath, etc., etc.; brick foundation:
2>st st.; fine views; handy to cars; 25x114; easy
terms.
CHOICE RESIDENCE LOTS.
$120 per foot— Lot any size on the main drive
to the park; street accepted; the best residence
location in the Western Addition.
A CHEAP LOT.
$3250— Golden Gate aye.; 25x137:6; running |
through to a rear street.
MISSION FLATS.
$3730—3 flats and lot^rents $:!2:'this is a good-
paying, cheap Investment; Shotwell st.
A CHEAP WESTERN ADDITION RE3I-
SCE.
$4500— Broderick st. : 2-story and bas.«uent bay
_ window residence of 8 rooms and bath; brick !
• foundation; 25:6x100. _
FOLSOM-STKEET INVESTMENT.
$5000- 3-story house of 12 rooms; could be con- i
verted into Z flats at small outlay and be made
one of the best-paying investments in the city;
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records," which contains a list of properties
for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
14 Montgomery st.
McAFEE BROS.. 108 MONTGOMERY ST.
A FINE HALF BLOCK.
600x120 feet: south of the Park, fronting on
H and I streets and Eleventh aye.; streets all
macadamized; block graded and ready to build
on; for sale cheap as a whole.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE
House of 16 rooms; could be turned Into a fine
I boarding-house ; splendid lot, t137:6, with a
fine view of the city; a bargain; price il>),000.
$700 TO $1250.
Fine level lots fronting on Bryant aye.,
Hampshire st . Potrer aye.. Twenty-first and
Twenty-second sts.; streets are sewered a:i<i
bituminized: the cheapest and best lots in the
Mission; now is your Chance; terms if desired.
_ -_ — >
ONLY $3500.
Seven-room house on Sacramento St., near
Leavenworth; must be sold at once; terms easy.
ON EASY TERMS
Lot on California at., near Twelfth aye. : 2.> x
lvO feet: this lot has got to go; no offer with-
in reason refused.
I CHEAP LOTS. CHEAP LOTS. J
$5660—55x110; W. A., for flats.
$4000— 55x137:6: Pacific H>l' Ms: v|pw.
$31'JO—30xl00; Pacific Heights; view.
-Seen and McAlusiti aus.; eaeap lots.
$2000—25x127:8; Presidio Heights: view.
27:6x100; Lombard, near Octavia.
$700—25x100; California, near Twelfth aye.
1:00—25x100; California, near 22<i aye.
$350 — 62x120: 31st aye., near Point Lobes aye.
MCAFEE! BROS. McAFEE BROS.
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco. Cal. I
iJOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo- j
site Nevada Bank. Will sell at sweeping re- |
duction:
$25,000, reduced from $33,000— A splendid prop- ;
erty on a business street a few blocks north j
from the new City Hall; stores and fiats; lot.
45x137:6; paying 9 per cent on the price.
$14 000— Formerly $16,500; McAllister St.; 3- j
story bay-window house; lot 35x100.
$S2so— Formerly $12,000; large 3-stflTT house
and lot 75x201) feet in the Western Addition to
close an estate.
$3750, formerly $5000— A solid business prop- j
erty; 2-story and basement brick house, on !
Brannan St., Just west of Third; lot 25x75; rent |
$30: a snap.
$2300— Lot near Tenth, Market and Stevenson j
•ts.
$1100— Cottase of 4 rooms and lot 25x100; j
Texas and Yolo ets. ; near car line.
"PARK PANHANDLE ' PROPERTY.
tl3,im-Hent $S4; 4 splendid flats on Fell St., ■
near Masonic aye.; iot 37:6x137:6.
J4250 — Splendid cottage; Oak st., near Lyon;
lot 2r.x110;2 r .xll0; fronting on park panhandle.
$25 000. formerly $25.000— A very prominent •
corner yielding now S per cent, and will surely ,
go up to tau 000.
$SOOO, formerly $9000— Rent $70; 4 fine flats;
Western Addition; lot 49xS0.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
{.- ,noo— splendid property on Market St., only
lv blocks from the Baldwin. •
$42,500— Taylor st., near Market; large lot;
well' improved; stores and flats.
$5250— Kent $60; 4 flats on Geary St.; lot 2S
1 $sSoO— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary St.
$2400 Rent $25; a double fiat; 5 rooms below
. and 6 rooms upstairs.
rand 6 rooms upstairb. and flats; never
$30,000— Rent $260; stores and flats; never ,
' vacant.
THE CALIFORNIA title insurance AND
trust company
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles, '
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $200,000 .
and a reserve fund of $25,000, which amply j
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept Its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title is
Insured without other search.
Having a complete abstract plan the com- ;
pany is able to make and continue abstracts for
u?e of attorneys at shortest possible notice.
The advantage of a policy when a man j
wishes to convert his property into cash quickly
or to make loans upon it has been proven ■
again and again by experience. The man with j
a guarantee title finds that he can borrow ;
money with an much ease as if he had stocks ;
and bonds."— Chicago Tribune.
"The guarantee of such companies protects
purchasers of property and mortgages against
risks which, though remote, always attend real
estate transactions. The most experienced j
lawyer may err, especially where the law is un- j
determined an ! fraud Is an element of danger."
—New York Herald.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
of Interest. _
Office— Mills building. San Francisco.
BA. T. SHOTTS, Manager.
(Ex-County Recorder.)
J250 EACH. $5 monthly; no interest; lots 25x
114; only 5 minutes from Castro-st. cars; good
lots to build on.
Lota In Sunset District, Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
15 fine level lots; only 3 Hocks from San i
Mateo electric cars; just tie thing for a j
chicken ranch; on easy monthly payments.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
11350— JUST built; (-room and bath cottage on
corner lot in the Heyman Tract; only If 15 ,
i monthly pays for this home; Twenty-second
«t electric cars I block distant.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
A HOME TALK.
Our plan Is to sail you a home for the same
monthly payments that you now waste In
rent Yes, waste, for you get no returns—
you are constantly paying out and nothing to
show for It.
We will give you a "-room and bath cottage
and lot In the Heyman Tract on a email pay-
ment down and $25 monthly, which averages
you $6 40 per month interest. The balance of j
$18 60 every month goes toward paying for your •
borne inatead of to the landlord.
The Heyman Tract is one of the finest resi- I
dence localities in the city. Streets sewered
and graded; gas and water mains laid.
Take Mission st. cars, transfer at Twenty-
second st. to Hoffman aye. Ask for JAMES
A COTTEK. resident a«<-nt, or Inquire of
JACOB HEYMAN', 11 Montgomery st.
iAS a whole or in subdivisions — Choice corner
lots giving panoramic view of the entire city
and bay and gui-rounding country; cor. Buena
Vista aye.. South Broderlck and Ridley sta..
2 blocks south from Haisht and Baker sts.
and blocks from entrance to Golden Gate
Park: fronts on Buena Vista Park. C. E.
■FARNUM. M. D.. 305 Parrott building.
J2OOO— WILL arrange terms to suit; cottage. 5
rooms and b«th; near Twenty-fourth and
C&Mro rts. ; XT.fi cash, balance like rent; new
cotta>;e in Mission warm belt; $275; level;
street work done; Moultrle St., near Cort-
land aye. Mi ;:\vi;.\' BROS., lIS Montgomery.
COFFEY, HUGHES (5& SCO.". ~~~
13 Montgomery «t., under Lick House. I
J1750— Hems for £( corner on Brynnt St.,
near Second; cheap at %I'Mh.
*?°277\ ent " f ' r ; 'i; half-block from Market
and Fifth «ts.
BUSINESS lot, ir.gipsklf.., $r>00; cottage and lot,
Sunnyslfle. jpoo; casn . otherß on eaj ,y terms .
THE MCCARTHY CO., 646 Market st.
IHOO-CHOICE corner"looxl2o feet north of park I
at a great s-arrifiee
* I £ oo -£" ou T :E £ ak - Bt - lot. near Devlsadero;
offer. J. V^W RIGHT. 630 Market St.
NEW B-room eottaie at 'GoWen'Gatti near 'new
proposed ferry: rental terms
THE MCCARTHY. CO.. 646 Market st. I,
VVKOtfTto loan; !• rtvacy; I
on d^unonds. Uncle t aye!
. II»Lf)NTK. 36. Off
« with_barn
AN elesant new coloniaT~hoT^r ,ÜBt', UBt ' ~~T~ \
i A pleto<3. 811 Shrader St.. IV4 blocks south ot : •
w Halpht; contains 8 rooms and bath and all i
* modern convenience*; sun in every room- :
call and»«« It; house open for inspection : !
terms easy. 4
CITY REAL ESTATE.
MADISON & BURKE. Real Estate Agents.
Established 1868. 626 Market st.
$7500— McAllister st., near Ftllmore; two large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Hayes St..
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
! very low; $55; only $7260; make offer.
, $4500— Bush st., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6.
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $38 per month; lot 22x90.
Cozy new cottage; Tremont aye., near Fred-
erick St.; : rooms and bath, with all latest
conveniences; only $3000: terms to suit.
$2200— Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot: Twenty-first st., near
Castro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
$4000-Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 20x54:6.
$3.-,oo—Two cottages: Chattanooga st., near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
$250i>— i tali st., near Sixteenth; 6 rooms and
lot 25x100.
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
$2500.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250: California and Locust
1 : 7:7. ■
sd'vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6. „.
J3.-.oo— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$27T.n — Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x12i:5.
$4000— Hitch St.. near Third and ITolsom; two
lots; 50xS0; cheap.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:9.
$2000— Twenty-first st., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union St., near Webster; 2oxlOO
Sixteenth st., near Castro :_ - i ', xiuu -
slooo— Seventh aye., near J St.: -axl-U.
$ISOO— North side Golden Gate aye., near Cen-
tral aye.; 25x110.
•■ -Jersey St.. near Noel **£*•„. -„.
California, near Secoi - V, , . »
MADISON & Market st.
O. F. YON RHEIN i ", ~ CallfornU 8L
IMPROVED.
Montgomery aye.. through to Washington
St.: brick improvements; rents $180. „. .
$12 000— Corner Leavenworth and Greenwich;
137:6x137:6. with house. _,
JSSOO-Jackson, near Taylor: 22:11 x.i :6.
js7r,.3_Hayes, near Steiner; 25x82:6; flats rent
* 4 sl£xibo— Corner Dupont and Hinckley; 20x57:6;
store and lodgf ng-house ; rents $S5. _
$6500— Ellis, nr. Buchanan; 25:9x60; flats; rents
Powell, nr. Vallejo; 21x67:9. _
$5500^-Callfornia, nr. Baker; 2ox77:iH: 2 flats;
Page, nr. Pierce; 25x137:6; cottage, 6
ro s°4^oo--Green. nr. Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats; rents
a, nr. Powell; 24:3x69:9; flats; rents
$^S
{3SoO— Shotwell, nr. 24th; 25x122:6; 2 flats.
nr. l"th; 25xS0; flats.
$3300— Clara, nr. sth; 25xS0.
$2eOO-=-2Sth, nr. Sanchez; 25:8x114; cottage.
jI7(X~- Bernard, nr. Jones; 23x60; cottage and j
UNIMPROVED.
$1400— Filbert, nr. Varennes; 17:6x57:6; cheap.
$1200 — Fair Oaks, nr. 26th: 25x125.
SE. corner Polk and Lombard; 80x71:10.
Scott, nr. Washington: 25x115.
17th a:. Capp; 32:6x110.
25x85; 13th. nr. Stevenson; 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lot»
FOR SALE-
HOOKER & LENT.
14 Post street.
$3250— RENTS $41 50.
ONE-HALF BLOCK FROM MARKET AND
FIFTH.
Best of tenement property, always rented,
and paying 16 per cent regularly.
A CHANCE FOR EVERYBODY TO OWN
OWN HOME.
Near Clement and 2d aye.; $250 cash: balance
in small monthly payments same as rent, which
Include interest and taxes; we can sell you I
on above terms a splendid cottage of 5 rooms
and bath, garden and basement; bargain on
account of foreclosure.
HOW IS THIS?
$4S00; near Page and Lasuna sts.; lot 25x120;
2 nice flats and rear cottage; rents $43; mort-
gage $4000 can stand; owner must sell, as in-
terest is long in arrears; only $SOO cash re-
quired.
BARGAINS IN LOTS.
$CoiXi— Beale-st. water lot at a sacrifice.
$3350— Fe1l St., ' Ashhury: 25x100: cheap.
$2250— Broderlck st., near Park: 25x100.
$2400 — Baker St.. overlooking Park entrance.
$2130— A lot 25 feet front on broad bituminized
Ftreet close to Junction of Market and Valen-
cia.
JUSOO — Haight St.. near Devisadero, 25x120;
$1250 bank mortgage may remain.
J1250 — A nt corner near Haight and Devis-
adero; 33x87:6; splendid view.
$.•00— Make any offer; 25x59; De Long ay».
HOOKER &. LENT.
BARGAINS AT
A. M. SPECK CO. I
Cheap— s3loo; store and two flats, near Fourth
St.: rent $35.
$12.-*— Cozy 4-room modern cottage, few blocks
from Market st. cars; easy terms.
$3000— Two elegant nearly new flats; pay 8
per cent: choice location.
$3500— Two 6-room cottages on Powell st. ; car j
line: lot 34 foot front.
j4soC>_Sutter St.: tww choice flats.
$10,000— Lot 100x137 feet, with 12 flats renting j
for $100 a month; near Mason st.
$12.500— st., not far from Market.
$22,500 — Very cheap; Powell St.; corner; 70 foot
front; not far from Orpheum.
$30,000 Offer wanted: Geary St.; corner: 60 I
foot front: grand improvements; pays 5 per I
cent; near Powell st.
$40,000— Eddy St.; elegant new Improvements; '
100 foot front; rents $300 net.
$Co,oOC— Corner, 175x137:6 feet, with good- im-
provements: block from Market st.
$158,000— Market st., near Baldwin; 50x165
feet: double front; rent- $600.
$125,000— Market st.; wholesale district: grand
improvements; only one-half cash; lot 45x135,
feet; pays 6 per cent net.
$130 000— Grand corner; 160 foot frontage; ele-
gant 4-story modern building; renting for $800.
A. M. SPECK & CO.,
602 Market st.
$60 A MONTH; $8500: inside property: Howard
st. between New Montgomery and Third; 47
x 75; with two fine houses; rents $60; $S500;
ready for stores. MAGEE & SONS, 4 Mont-
gomery st.
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
' 324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.; close to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot -,2:4xGO feet.
$6700— .'0x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
50-vara on Ps -■■ st. ; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
st : ■X-<. feet.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
WANTED- Ranch in Santa Cruz County, value
$2000, to exchange for 2 houses, city and Oak-
land.
Wanted House in city, value $5000, exchange
for 15 acres, Los Gatos and 5-room city cot-
tage. I. C. BCHARFI 20 Montgomery st.
WANTED— A small Improved ranch, from 10
to 20 acres, for the $4f"H) equity of gllt-edg«
Income property In Oakland. Address, with
full particulars, R., box 1445, Call office.
SELL or exchange; 40 acres of good fruit land:
$r,00; In Los Angeles County. F. G;, 3231
Twentieth st.
PROPERTY WANTED.
COTTAGE with large grounds; must near
station; not over $1200; Oakland or vicinity.
Box 1453. Call office.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LARGE sums to loan on mortgage of real es-
tate (city or country) for a fixed term, or re-
deemable by installments at exceptionally low
r«tcs of interest. .' , /; V"
Special terms quoted for loans on life poli-
cies, interests under wills, & 2d & 3d mrtgs.
Promissory notes discounted and all finan-
cial business transacted.
R. GOULD, 131 Montgomery st.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, piano*, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendship- do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Lean Co., room* 9 and 10. 906 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no Commission: no delays. J.
NAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. abov.
Sixth ; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable' and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market Ft .: telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval: money quick; confidential ; no commu-
nion; lowest interest. Room 68. 11 iQ Market. ;
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland ; no re-
moval- low rates; no commission; $25 up,
!:; ; v.^e party BONNELLI. 130 Post st.
ANY amount at CV4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3™ mortgages: estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R McCQLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. a.
itOOOOO to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
Privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates: Ist a nd .| < ( !_ m ° rt *: :
any proposition. Dryrten. 413 Montgomery st.
FINANCIAL. _^____^_
F^RE^GTT^nT'howrcTpTtar to >,»«";•'■* „ *, r ?f
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery si. J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATES.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$8600 a handsome new flats of 6 rooms and
bath each; large lot; Central aye., close to
Golden Gate Park; rent $S2.
$11.000— Washington st.. near Walnut; large
lot, ;c:»;xl2S; modern residence, containing 10 i
rooms and all latest improvements; splendid I
marine \ tew.
$4500— Hawthorne st., close to Third and Fol- I
som; a 3-story building, containing 2 flats of 5 !
and 1U rooms and bath each; lot 2oxliz:6- rent ■
$46.
12600— Worth $4000; only $200 cash, balance
same a.s rent. V.cksburg st., near Twenty-third;
■ 6-room cottage, bath and basement; lot 32:Sx
117 l> rear street; 1 block to electric cars on
Twenty-fourth st.
Joii.'O— Great bargain; corner on Hyde St., near
Green; 2-story residence of 8 roums and bttth;
corner lot, 25 feet frontage.
$20,000— Best part ot Western Addition (Pan-
handle district); 6 handsome new flats of 6
rooms and bath each; large corner lot; a splen- j
did incume property; rent $200.
$4750— Leased to one tenant at $45 per month,
clear of all expense and water; corner lot. 60x
65, near Twelfth and Market sts.
$1450— Brand-new cottage, 4 rooms and bath; i
wood mantel and all latest conveniences; lot
2oxlu0; clojjß to town; close to Nineteenth st. ;
terms $400 cash, balance monthly.
$5500— Cole St., not far from Haight; hand-
some residence (new) of 10 rooms and bath and '<
all latest conveniences; beautifully decorated
and tinted; hard-wood floors; lot 26x100; easy j
terms.
$5500— Sacramento St.; lot 30:6x127; Improve-
ments, 2 Hats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each; j
new; rent $45.
$7700 — Splendid business property on one of the !
leading streets in the Western Addition; new
building, containing store and flat of 6 rooms S
and bath; also small house in rear; rent $80; lot j
27:6x132.
$-750— Rent $25; lot 25xl"O; 2 flats of 4 rooms j
each; stable; Twenty-third St., near Rhude i
Itiand.
S7ooo— Hyde St., near Ellis; 2-story and base-
ment house of 10 rooms and bath.
$2500— F.roadway, near Jonee St.; 2-story house
of 6 rounia and bath.
$1450— Small amount cash, balance In easy
monthly payments; brand-new cottage of 4
rooms and bath on Vermont St., near Nine-
teenth; lot 25x100.
JH ''—Kent $100; Hayes St., near Webster;
lot 35x137:6; 3 data of 7 rooms, bath, etc., each.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
some new investment
and building lots
south op golden gate.
It takes only t~> a month to secure one of the
choice lots in either of the two new blocks
Just subdivided and offered for sale.
PRICE $275 ITWARD.
TERMS $25 CASH. $6 MONTHLY.
Lots on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and Eleventh
ayes., south of and not a great way from Gol-
den Gate Park— with all Us attractions— new
music stand. Stow Lake, children's play
grounds, etc. Also near the new Affiliated
Colleges. A splendid view of Golden Gate Park
and magnificent marine view. No mure at-
tractive or pleasing view can be had any-
where.
Lots selling very fast; ten gone already: be
quick; go to-day; see them; even if you don't
buy you will enjoy the ride and the view.
Take Haight or Ellis-street cars, transfer to
the new electric road (taking place of old
steam dummy) and get off at Ninth aye. and
H st. We have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays Included). Blue cars on Mis-
sion st. go direct from the ferry.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
TURK, 2013— Western Addition: $1250; comfort-
able 4-room cottage; high basement; nice gar-
den; ch:' ken house: lot 24:84x137:6.
FINE Investment; 3 dwellings; all occu-
pied; lot 776x130; corner Bartlett and Twenty-
sixth Ms.; must be sold; owner going East.
Apply to J. F. PLL'MBE, 1402 Valencia st.
! SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A, first floor Crocker building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS' NEW LOTS! BARGAINS ON
EASY TERMS!
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to $SoO— Sunset Heights lot*; graded;
ild view; $25 down. $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
J251 to $760— Choicest Richmond lots: only
$25 down, $10 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$100 • Level building lots near Mission-
st. electric cars; only $5, monthly.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
FOR SALE — An elpgant new residence of S
th and modern improvements; 232
Liberty St.; price $">(Xh">; must be sold.
JjJ5fK> — An unusual bargain; new residence of ;
7 rooms and bath and large lot, 33x'jO; situate |
on the SW. corner of Dolores and Army sts. ;
price $4.'00. Apply on premises or at 232 Liber
COUNTRY KKAL ESTATE.
| G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
David Hush, Manager Country Department,
14 Montgomery et.
$7000—70 acres near Martinez; 23 acres In
wine grapes, 22 in table grapes anil 15 acres In
' orchard; all in full bearing; Valley Railroad
station adjoins the place; with improvement?;
part ca^h.
For rent— About 700 acres of the finest grain
land in Santa Clara Valley, adjoining the town
of Mayfleld; cash rent $6 per acre; only re-
i sponsibla persons need apply. .
j Call and see our burgalns in country land.
IN Placer County,
Near Loomls,
For $3500.
2" aT"? full-bearing orchard of chojee ship-
ping fruits, with d>' acre." heavily Wooded land
Joining; all level and und>-r Irrigation.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
10S Montgomery ?t., San Francisco.
$400 i'ER ACRE.
Blghtly acre trarts In Oakland, near Mills
College, on electric car line.
McAFEE BROTHERS,
108 Montfl • ■ Ban Francisco.
$500— 100 ACRES fruit land, IV4 miles from sta-
tion, near Santa Cruz,
jino'i — 100 acre;; m>iir St. Helena.
$3000— Cheap at $6000; a fine 40-acre Improved
home, near Los Gatos, one-half cash. I. C.
BCHARFF, 80 Montgomery «t.
$400— CHEAPEST place In State; 160 acres; 20
acres cleared; 100 fruit trees In bearing;
house barn etc.: on county road, near Point
Arena. McEWEN BROS., 11« Montgomery St.
10-ACRE tracts of fln.> fruit land near Auburn,
Placer County; $5 monthly: no Interest; $15 to
$25 per acre. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
gomery st.
A— 3so ACRES Napa Valley land In subdivisions
of 25 acreß; the best of orchard and grain
land; yielded 17 cwt. per acre this season;
from $G5 to $85 per acre. Box 715, Call.
WRITE M GRIFFIN. Cottonwood, Tehama
Co., Cal. Illustrated land hook free.
JlOfl 000 to loan on watches, bronzes ; private en-
.■ TNCLE HARRIS, I.' Grant aye.
PROPOSALS.
PKOT'<>3ALS Invited— Sealed proposals will be
. ,) for channel corrections on the San
,ln River and Stockton Channel. San
Joaquin Cminty, California. The San Joaquin
River work embraces channel corrections at
proposed cut-offs Nos. 3 nnd 4, as shown on
sheet 3 of surveys on file in this office.
and to be made in accordance with plans and
specifications now on file In this office.
liidß will be received at the office until 1
o'clock p m.. WEDNESDAY, November 2,
at which time they will be publicly
h bid mu3t b« accompanied by a certified
ch" r k on some bank of good standing, payable
to the order of H. J. Corcoran, chairman of j
the Auditing Board to the Commissioner of
Public Works of California. In the sum of
two thousand ($2000) dollars, Which cheek I
shall be forfeited tn the State If the bid which I
BU h (heck accompanies is accepted and the
party making the bid shall refuse to enter
Into a contract and execute a satisfactory
bond for the faithful performance of the con-
tract awarded him. The right to reject any
and all bids- is reserved.
All bids must be directed to "Auditing
Board room No. 61, Capitol building, Sacra-
mento. California." Indorsed "Proposals for |
Channel Correction!! San Joaijuln River and I
Stockton I'hannel."
By oider of the Auditing Board.
JOHN MARKLEY, Secretary.
Sacramento, October 5, 1.598.
PLANS and Specification? Tor a School Build-
lnß— Office Board of Education, San Fran-
October 1, 1858— In accordance with a
resolution adopted by the Board of Education j
of the City and County of Han Francisco, !
September 28. 189S, public notico Is hereby
given to architects that competitive plans and
specifications for the erection of a twelve-
claan school building nn the northeast corner
of Twenty-third and Douglass streets, In said
city and county, will be received according to
the g-neral Instructions to architects (copies I
of which can be obtained at the office of the j
Board), in open session of the Board of Edu-
cation on Wednesday, October 12. 1898, at 4
p. m.. as follows:
On a lot lfi"> feet on Douglass street facing
wept, and a depth of 134 feet 3 inches on
Twenty-third street facing south.
The architect whnsr plans and specifica-
tions are adopted by the Board will be ap-
pointed architect and (superintendent of the
building at a compensation of five (5) per cent
Of the O(mt nf the structure.
CHARLES W. WELCH, Secretary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL STATIC.
DETERMINED to close out his scattering
holdings.
H. Z. JONES, OWNER :....
For sals or exchange, prices away down from
present actual value, title perfect and clear of
debt, will assume mortgage and pay • difference
in cash.
Al land in Fresno County ....; — 410 acres
Al land In Kern County 100 acres
Al citrus land in San Diego County;
water and dwelling 140 acres
Al cedar timber in Oregon 80 acres
Al State of Kansas 16> acres
Al 12 miles from Los Angeles 40 acres
32 building lots, center of Olympla City,
county seat.
Call or address 455 Seventh st., cor. Broad-
way, Oakland.
Allendale District "settlement. East Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. OWNER
Building lots, $75 upward; $5 cash, $5 month-
ly; 45 families located within 22 months; fine
school and electric cars near; streets • all
graded, some macadamized; city water; site,
climate and soil the very best.
$50 cash— Cottage, 4 ro*«is; chicken house,
barn, well, fenced; flowers; 2 fine lots, etc.;
$600: terms $6 monthly.
$150— New cottage, 4 rooms and bath; shed,
well, nicely fenced; $576; $7 65 monthly till
paid for.
Model cottage of 3 large rooms. Just
built; outhouses, fine well of spring water; Im-
proved grounds; 6 large lots; $1400; easy pay-
ments to suit buyer.
Call or send for circular. 455 Seventh St., cor.
Broadway. Oakland. Carriage free.
Choice resident section, Gallndo Settlement.
East Oakland.
H. Z. JONES. OWNER
Fine large lots. $125 upward: half their value;
$10. $5 monthly; a few fine corners left; streets
all graded, macadamized; sewer and city
water: fine school and electric cars near; nice
homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
grand view; soil and climate unexcelled.
$50 cash— 3-room plain rustic cottage: variety
fruit trees and shrubherv. chicken h^u=p<- 1
fence about % acre; $750; balance as IoW montM
ly rental to suit buyer.
$300— Elegant new 2-story house Of 9 rooms
and bath: large lot; $3000; balance as low rent.
$400— Modern new 2-story house of 6 rooms,
bath, etc.; up-to-date and first-class; $1800; bal-
ance as rent to suit.
OAKLAND
$100 cash — Neat cottage of rooms; high base-
ment; Fourteenth St., near Willow; $1800; easy
terms.
$300 cash — 2-story residence. 7 rooms and bath;
fine basement; Mead aye., near San Pablo;
$2600; terms to suit.
SAN FRANCISCO
$250— Neat cottage of 3 rooms; Twenty-first
St., near Church; $1000; balance as low rental;
lot 25x114.
$350 cash— Cottage of 6 rooms; Twenty-first
st.. near Church: $1400; balance to suit buyer;
lot 25x114.
455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
H. Z. JONES, Owner.
$750— A BARGAIN, 4-room cottage, 6-foot base-
ment; lot 33x100; only 2*4 blocks east of San
Pablo aye. cable railroad (shortly to be
equipped as an electric railroad); will double
In value when "new ferry" is completed;
see photograph at office: terms topult. Ad-
dress "North Oakland Real Estate Headquar-
ters, 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
CHOICE Telegraph aveue building lots; any
size frontage desired; special Inducements
offered for construction of attractive homes.
Address "North Oakland Real Estate Head-
Quarters," 470 Thirteenth St., Oakland.
CLOSING the estate of Margaret McCourtney,
deceased, property will double In value when
"new ferry" Is completed: make an offer for
4.977 acres ready for subdividing Into building
igp; city sewers already constructed to prop-
erty line; sewers on property can be con-
structed by private contract before opening
and dedicating streets. Particulars on appli-
cation to Richard J. Montgomery, executor, of-
fice, "North Oakland Real Estate Headquar-
ters," 470 Thirteenth St., between Broadway
and Washington, Oakland.
7 ACRES Haywards, $800; house, barn, or-
chard: come quick. C. K. KINO, 902 Broad-
way, Oakland.
$SOO— FOR 160 acres, Sonoma County, house and
barn, orchard. C. K. KING. 902 Broadway.
$400— FOR 80 acres, Calaveras County, 60 fruit
trees; school near. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway.
NICE 12 acres, $2000, Lob Gatos: fine orchard.
C. K. KING. 902 Broadway. Oakland, Cal.
$20.000— loan on approved real estate; also
money loaned on furniture and pianos. AL-
DEN-GARFIELD CO.. 902 Broadway.
$750— GOOD lot for sale on Tenth St.; owner in
Ohio and must sell. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway.
TWO lots In Berkeley: well located: must
pell. ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Br ad way.
$550. PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one. of
those new homes, -with -lot 60x125, In the Alvln
Tract: streets macadamized: take Haywards
local train to Elmhurst Station (trains stop
In front of the Alvln Tract) or Haywards
electric car to Jones aye. ; free carriage on
Sundays meets electric cars. JACOB HEY-
MAN. 11 Montgomery st., S. F., or 463 Ninth
St., Oakland.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY.
Only $50 cash and $15 per month to secure
you a modern cottage of 5 rooms, bath and
laundry: lot 35x150; easy walk to railroad sta-
tion; to be sold for $1400. Apply to J. S. JOHN-
SON. 1058 Broadway. Oakland.
$600 DOWN; balance $1500 can remain on flat
mortgage; new modern house nine rooms:
pood location: street work all done; cost $3250
last March. F. C. WATSON, 464 Ninth st.
FINE poultry and fruit ranch, 5 acres level,
rich soil, house, barn and first-class Improve-
ments for raising poultry; fine water and
climate; location 1 mile from Dlmond P. 0.,
Frultvale. MRS. D. MARTIN, Dlmond P. O.
$4100— MODERN new 9-room house; lot 50x190
feet; nicely situate near local train; very easy
terms. E. B. BUNCE, 908 Broadway, OaklM.
NEW houses for sale, $1100 up: easy terms.
Call at once, E. E. BUNCE. 908 Broadway,
Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod-
ern Improvements, and 4 vacant lots with
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th St., nr. 23d aye., E. Oakland.
MUST be sold; owner going East; no reason-
able offer refused; 2-story house, 9 rooms and
bath: lot 32x125: on Filbert St.. near Tenth.
W. P. RYAN, 960 Seventh St.. ''Oakland.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station, Oakland; key
at 940 Union st. KOENIG & KROLL. 1006
Broadway.
OAKLAND UOl/'SKK.KUf'inU UOOdtlS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations 'for cooking.- 9th & Washington.
UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: reasonable. 1229 Broadway.
HO iEL TO RENT I NFt^OsHED.
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
&8 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERoN & HOI.Co.M 1060 Broadway.
OAKLAND FIHMTLKE FOR HALE.
FTKNII URE— Good and cheap H St HELL-
HAAS' nld »torg. 4W Blfvnth «t <U. hi —
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
NEW modern 8-room house on easy terms;
must be sold. Box 1456, Call office,
SPECIAL notice. — -
FIRST come, first SERVED.
JUST like paying rent.
$1200, $1700. $1500. $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which h»r«
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and arc finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. .">
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-gt. station, Alameda, and 630 Market at.,
Ban Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$725— LOT 30x50: central location.
$20 per foot; lots on Cedar St.. 130 feet deep.
$12,000— Reduced to $6,000; 10-room house,
handsomely finished: furnace, . stable, etc.; lot
76x173, on Grand ft. ; greatest bargain ever
offered In Improved property.
E. D. JUDD A CO..
1424 Park at.
BE KELEV HKAI, ESTATE.
the" cream Of 1 Berkeley"
We are about to build 3 9-room modern co-
lonial homes. 1 block south of university on
large lot*; terms to suit; also elegant house
just completed In same locality; plate-glass
window*, porcelain bath, etc.
$1100—8- room' house at Golden Gate; large
lot' 1 block of station; easy terms.
M. L. WUKTS, 17th and Broadway. Oakland.
FOR sale cheap; pretty cottage, 4 rooms; pan-
try; bath: barn. 1731 Virginia st.
$4000 FOR a lovely home in Berkeley; house of
9 rooms, bath, etc.: in excellent condition:
corner lot. 136x120; plenty of fruit trees and
view unsurpassed: only 10 minutes walk from
University buildings. : ,
O. O. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center at.. Berkeley.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced on ■ San Pablo < aye., 3 miles
north of Berkeley; lots and by acreage; look
at this. Send for map to G. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome «t.. S. F. . 1 ..
$3500— NEW house of 7 rooms and bath: all
modern i improvements; large lot: street work
all done and near the * university.' ' JOS. ' J.
MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
FHI'ITVALB REAL ESTATE.
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station.
$2600— Fine modern cottage of 5 rooms and
bath; all latest Improvements; 9-foot basement;
11 bearing fruit trees: large lot; street work and
cement sidewalks all done; located on Thir-
teenth aye.. East Oakland; very desirable
neighborhood.
$1250 — House of 5 rooms and bath; barn;
chicken-houses; fruit trees; lot 100x105; all
fenced; only 3 blocks from station.
$1275— New cottage of 4 large rooms; pantry
closets: bathroom: marble washstand; station-
ary tubs; 7-foot basement; chicken-house; lot
60x140; all fenced; convenient to local train.
$2050 — Absolutely a great bargain; cost owner
over $3000; beautiful new 7-room house; large
reception hall; bathroom; 2 fine mantels; elec-
tric wires etc.; large lot; cement walks; lo-
cated near Oakland racetrack; easy terms If
desired.
For rent or for sale— 4 acres of sandy loam;
cottage of 3 rooms and barn; choice fruit trees
in bearing; good well; rent $10 per month. For
further particulars see
H. A. PLEITNER. Fruitvale Station. Ca.l.
REAL ESTATE FOR SALE.
$1900— HOUSE of 6 rooms; large lot; easy
terms. ______
$1600— House of 7 rooms, 2 Btory; 2 toilets;
corner lot.
$850— House of 4 rooms; corner lot; on easy
terms.
$600— House of 3 rooms; lot 80x135; on corner;
some fruit.
$200— Nice building lots on easy terms.
Fine building lots on Fruitvale aye. on easy
terms. Call and see our property.
LOWRY. OWKN & CO.. Fruitvale Station.
HOUSES TO LET.
A LOVELY 7-room house on Pine St.; $30;
flats $10 up. SPECK & CO., 602 Market si
BAT-WINDOW house, S sunny rooms. $13. 30
Silver st.
HOUSE on Ellis st.; 7 rooms; bath; yard; $4J.
\pply «?« Eddy st.
NEW house 5 rqpms; plenty out buildings; 3
| vacant lots; $10. »12 Crescent aye.
TO LET— Bay-window house of 7 rooms and
bath; improvements: on sunny side; rent $27.
Apply 1210 Jackson st.
VICTOR st.. off Bryant, bet. Seventh and
Eighth; chfapest tenements In the city; good
iocation; sunny rooms; rent reasonable; key
at grocery, cor. Bryant and Victor sts.. or
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
WE can rent you a house with or without %
flagpole. BALDWIN * HOWEU* 10 Mont-
gomery st.
8 LODGE rooms famished. 927 Mission; 10-
room house, 2417 Sutter: 5-room cottage. 2406
Sutter. Ap;-ly L. ALTSCHUL. 320 Clay st.
$14— HOUSE 6 rooms, bath: water free. 823 Cas-
tro St., between Market _and_Blxteenth.
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
prlvs'-i offices at Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
FURNISHED HOUSES.
COMPLETELY furnished cottage of 4 rooms,
hall, bath, gas, hot and cold water; coal and
pas stoves ; large basement floored ; front and
back yard; rent only $25: inspect 10 to 5. Call
or address F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market.
COTTAGES TO LET.
TWENTY^FIRST, 3520, near Dolores— To let,
sunny cottage of 6 rooms and bath; fine view
and garden.
WANTED— Tenants at once for lovely 5-room
cottages; $12. SPECK _ CO., 602 Market st.
$7— SUNNY cottage of 6 rooms. Roscoe st..
off Crescent aye. ; apply 64 Silver St., off 3d.
$16— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms, bath; $15.
fiat. 6 rooms, bath. 220 Thirteenth at.
FIJR.MSHED FLATS.
MODERN punny furnished flat, 6 rooms, bath,
laundry; $25- 3166 Twenty-third, nr. Howard.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bat-. Ul
Fell ft.
FLATS TO LET.
APPRECIATED If seen; rarely beautiful; NW.
corner Sutter and Scott; 6 big rooms and
fclazed porch; or NW. corner Erie and How-
ard, near Thirteenth, 7 big rooms and porch;
rent reasonable; all flooded with sunshine.
ASH aye., 127, between Polk and Van Ness,
near McAllister— Modern 6-room flat.
CHEAPEST flat In the city; 1509 Howard st. ;
i 5 rooms and bath; rent $14. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 626 Market St.
CLAY, 1229 — 5 punny modern rooms and bath.
Apply on premises Sunday, 10 a. m. to 5 p. m.
CLAY, 1417 A— One of the most beautiful flats
in town; convenient, commodious and sunny;
marine view; rent very reasonable.
CLAYTON. i?_i south of Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
COZY 6-room house; bath; nice yard; $20. 1204
Turk St.. or SPECK & CO.
FKLL 611— Flat 4 rooms, bath; basement; gas;
hot and cold water; yard; $15; key at 613 Fell.
' FLAT 8 sunny furnished rnomp. complete for
i housekeeping"; bath. 624 Elizabeth st. ; Castro
st. cars. ■
FLAT, 5 rooms, bath; yard; modern Improve-
ments. UWj ' liattanooga st.
F' >X rent— A beautiful sunny flat, 8 rooms and
liath- newly furnished a year ago. Address
L. M., Postofnce box 2685.
FRANKLIN. 710, near Golden JGate aye.— Lower
flat 5 rooms and bath ; $22y
FRANKLIN, 717.near Golden Gate aye.— Sunny
corner flat of 8 rooms and bath.
GEARY. SOfi— Elegant flat of 4 rooms; rent $16.
GEARY, 2226— Flat 5 good rooms; bath; sunny
Eide; rent $16. _
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1158, near Webster— New
gunny upper flats, g and 7 rooms.
IVY aye., 62, near Mechanics' Pavilion— Fine
punny flat 4 rooms.
LARKIN, 706— Flats of 5 and 6 rooms and
bath; rent $18 and $20.
LARKIN, 1310— To let; small flats of three
rooms.
LEAVENWORTH. 1519— Upper flat, 5 rooms;
modern improvements; rent $16.
MISSION, 2731— Sunny upper flat: 6 rooms,
bath; sunny yard; basement; cheap.
MODERN corner flat. 6 rooms, bath, etc; rent
$15. Corner Twenty-fifth and Kansas sts.;
take Howard st. cars; stable if desired.
N ATOM A, 728— 4- room flat, lower part of house;
sunny side; water free; $12.
PAGE, 470— Sunny furnished flat; latest im-
provements : 7 rooms: front and back gar-
den; reasonable to responsible party; refs.
2040 SCOTT, cor. Rncramento— Upper sunny B-
room flat reasonable.
SHIPLEY, 257, near Sixth — Flat 5 rooms and
bath ; $13 50.
NE. cor. Nineteenth anc Noe sts., 1 block from
Eighteenth or Castro st. cars— Lovely sunny
corner flats; 5 rooms. $18, water free; 4 rooms,
$15, water free.
POND 47. off Sixteenth, % block frorr Market
— Sunny upper 5-room flat: 116; water fre«.
SAN JOSE live., 116—6 sunny rooms, bath; rent
$12: lower fiat.
TURK 308— Flat, coay. furnished. 5 rooms and
bath.' Call from 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
UNSURPASSED; thosa elegant flats just fin-
ished; Devieadero and Fulton sts.; contain
8 rooms bath, etc. ; Improvements ore the
litest' rent reasonable. Apply MADISON A
HURKE, 62« Market at.
WASHINGTON, 1826, near Jones— Flat of 8
rooms.
WI can rent you a flat with or without a,
flagpole. BALDWIN * HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery Bt.
8 NEW sunny modern flats. 925 Gulden Gate
aye.. 915V4 Grove st. and 1421H Haye- st.
8~ LARGE sunny rooms; large yard. 212H
Eleventh st.
7 HUENA VISTA aye. and 1021 Hai«ht, above
r.rnderick: cozy 5 and 6 room flats; nice view
$12^3LAT of 4 rooms. 125 Page St., bet.
Gough and Octavia.
$17— WAT_R free; 8 root*-" and bath. 1718
Leavenworth st. __
$10" DM to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates;
private offices. Uncle Harris, U Grant five.
ROOMiTfOR HOt BE KE EPI* U.
AVERY 6 off Geary, near Flllmore— 2 fur-
niched 'housekeeping rooms; bath: rent $li.
BRADY. 44, off Market— B unfurnished rooms
for housekeeping.
BUCHANAN, 602, cor. Fell— 2 sunny bay-win-
dow suites; housekeeping; $12 to $14.
CAPP. 723—2 sunny front rooms for light house-
keeping: cheap rent.
CLEMENTINA, 440 A —Floor of two unfurnish-
ed rooms with yard; rent cheap.
DALE place 7 oft Golden Gate, near Leaven-
worth— Sunny furnished or unfur. ; oheap.
DEVIBADERO, 1905—3 rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping:
EDDY, 207— Large furnished front room for
housekeeping; sunny room for 2; oheap.
EJI IV, 610 — Handsomely furnished bay-window
front nxinis; use of piano; housekeeping.
FELL 452— Two sunny single rooms, furnished;
use of kitchen, no other roomers; cheap.
FOLSOM. 863— Fine large sunny furnished bed-
room, cozy connecting kitchen; furnished;
yard.
FRANKLIN, 7— 2. furnished rooms for house-
keeping; rent $10.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
GLEN PARK aye., 9. off Twelfth st., near
Mission— Floor 3 sunny housekeeping rooms
and bath; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 9IT— Two large sunny
unfurnished housekeeping rooms; closets,
buth; $10; cajll after 2 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1404— Sunny bay-window
front; housekeeping, $10; alao single front, $5.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1410— Finely furnished
bay-window alcove complete; bath adjoining;
running water.
GRANT aye., 17— Nicely furnished front suite
cheap;* also suite suitable for 3 gentlemen;
housekeeping rooms.
GROVE, 202, corner Van Ness aye.— Sunny un-
. furnished 3-room suites, with gas range.
HOWARD, 821— Room from $1 75 to $3 per
week; also other rooms.
HOY. AhD, 106S— A newly furnished sunny par-
lor tuite. hkpg. $12; others^ $B^sln*le. J4 mo.
HOWARD, 1431—3 nice sunny unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; large yard;^sl2 ;
JESSIE, 4307~bet. Firth and Sixth— 3 sunny con-
necting rooms, furnished complete for house-
keeping, $12. \
LARKIN, 821— Upper floor of 4 rooms or parlor
floor of I rooms; unfurnished^ (
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two sunny rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping. _____
LEXINTvTON~ave., 210, bet. l»th and 20th— 3 fur-
nished rooms, housekeeping, complete, $10;
alcove, $7.
LINCOLN place, 3, off Fremont, bet. Howard
and Folsom— 3 unfurnished rooms for house-
keeping. _
MINNA. 606—3 sunny unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; quiet, respectable home.
MINNA. 546— Two or three rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping; sun all ciay.
MISSION, 860—2 large sunny rooms complete
for hkpg: $15: sunny parlor; 2 gents, $10.
MISSION, lns l^ — Large sunny front room with
kitchen; $12; single room ?*; quiet house.
MISSION, 1129— Newly furnished rooms for
housekeeping; other rooms; reasonable.^
MISSION, 1241—2 furnished sunny rooms; stove;
housekeeping; running water and garden.
MISSION. 2021, near Sixteenth— Kitchen and
bedroom furnished complete for housekeeping;
$9. Inquire 2035 Mission St.
MISSION. 3189— One unfurnished room to rent,
with use of kitchen.
MOSS. 13. off Howard, near 7th— 2 or 3 rooms
furnished for housekeeping.
NATOMA, 81, cor. Second— Furnished rooms
from $10 up: also housekeeping rooms, $2 per
week; respectable and quiet.
NATOMA. 60S— 3 unfurnished connecting rooms
for housekeeping; separate house; reasonable.
NATOMA, 7158— 2 large sunny unfurnished
rooms in rear; rent $6.
NINTH, 20, near Market— Front bay-window
suite; water; stove; gas; $12; single.
NINTH 21— Large bay window sunny room,
furnished for light housekeeping, $S; others.
NOE, 151, near Fifteenth— Three pleasant, neat-
ly furnished rooms; modern: sunny corner
flat; 2 front and 1 alcove; bath; large closets;
sta. tubs, coal range, linoleum, garden; $14^
CKJTAVIA, 155— Low rent; one or more; fur-
nished or unfurnished; use of parlor.
OCTAVIA, 1403, cor. Geary— Large sunny room
and kitchen, complete for housekeeping, $13.
POLK, 221 V», near City Hall— Two sunny
rooms; $12; use of piano If desired.
POLK, 522— Furnished and unfurnished house-
keeping rooms; suite or single.
POLK, 717— Nicely furnished, Bwnny front
rooms; light housekeeping; rent cheap.
RUSS, 149—1 large housekeeping room, with
all conveniences, $2 per week; also front and
back parlor nicely furnished, with use of
kitchen. _^_
THE Piedmont. USA Sixth st.— 2 or 3 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
TURK. 20— Nicely furnished rooms; also 2 com-
plete for housekeeping.
TURK. 644— Newly furnished sunny front suite,
bath; housekeeping optional; other rooms;
reasonable. ________
VAN NESS, 400 — Unfurnished sunny parlor
floor, 4 rooms; newly papered: modern.
VAN NESS, 226— One or two furnished sunny
rooms, housekeeping if desired, reasonable.
VAN NESS aye.. 940— Nicely furnished parlor
floor for physician or houaekpg; private fam.
VAN NESS aye., 518 — Sunny rooms complete
for housekeeping; gas; bath; $12 and $15.
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Two rooms, complete
for housekeeping, $13^
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— Nice single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 25c to 50c.
A— STOCKTON. 242— First-class sunny front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA. The. 1409 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 60c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BEAVER, 22— Nicely located front rooms, fur-
nished or unfurnished, to rent.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post et., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable; sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
CHELSEA, 8, off Bush, between Powell and
Stockton— Two nice single sunny front room-
in private family; rent $6 and $8.
CLIFFORD. 204 Ellis, or. Mason— Bunny
suites and single rooms: prices reasonable.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.
DEVISADERO, 2004— 3 large sunny furnished
rooms; running water; gas stove; bath; 3
lines of cars.
EDDY. llS— Front rooms; single or suite; clean,
sunny and reasonable; also housekeeping.
ELLIS, 63S— Two large sunny rooms nicely fur-
nished; gas, bath and running water: light
housekeeping- no children.
ELLIS. 611— Nicely furnished sunny front al-
cove; also sunny double room; gas, bath, reas.
ELLIS, 635— Pleasant sunny furnished room for
one or two; gas; bath; $10.
ERIE, 60— Sunny front room; private family;
$4 a month.
FELL, 118— Large firmly finished room; running
water, gas, etc. ; private family.
FELL, 1712, panhandle Park — Sunny rooms with
board; gentlemen or couple; references.
FIFTH. 109, near Market— Sunny room for gent;
also suite for doctor; quiet house.
FIFTH, 322— 51 week; large single sunny fur- i
nished room; closet; bath; private.
FIRST, 318 — Small front room furnished; $4 a
month.
GEARY, 378 — Large sunny front room; suitable
for two; also housekeeping room.
GEARY, 402— Just opened; carpets and furni-
ture now; sunny, front, furnished and un-
furnished rooms; reasonable; offices; Ist floor.
GEARY. 406 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or Blngle. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY. 610—2 large sunny rooms, newly fur-
nished: also housekeeping rooms.
GEARY, 792— Large sunny front roofn* for gen-
tleman, $10.
GLOBE Houses S2l Howard— Per night. 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4: reading room: Howard car*.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 415— Newly furnished, |
double and single rms.; new house; gas. bath.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 917 — Nicely furnished sin-
gle front — 'om; $6; '•all a* r 2 p. m.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1000, corner Laguna—
Middle flat; park view; handsomely furnlslu-d,
extra large sunny bay-window front room;
quiet home.
GOUGH, 530—2 sunny furnished rooms; hot
and cold water.
GRAND SOUTHERN, 88. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single: elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7SI Mission— Select family
rooming house: |1 50 to $6 per week.
HASKELL. The 121~ Powell st. -Cheap neat
light sunny rooms; transients: rents preferd.
HICKORY aye., 11. two doors from .Van Ness —
Nico sunny room for gentleman; with or
without board.
HOWARD, 711— Large front room; suitable for
dressmaker or two gentlemen; $10 per month.
HOWARD, 874— Sunny front room.
HYDE, 204— Nice sunny rooms, suite or single,
$6 up; gaa, bath.
HYDE, 307 — Nicely furnished large sunny room
suitable for two; $12.
HYDE, 609— Sunny; choice; reasonable; appre-
ciated if seen; please Investigate.
HYDE. 913 — Double & Bingle sunny furnished
rooms', new !^.ouse; bath; gas: reasonable.
JESSIE. 638—3 sunny ooms furnished or un-
furnished: rent cheap: between 7th and Sth.
JONES. 415— Nicely furnished sunny moms:
running water; suites, $20: single rms, $8 up
LAGUNA, IJO6— Sunny furnished single front
room, $5; 2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath: $7.
LEAVENWORTH, 516— Desirable sunny fror.t
parlor; use of bath; very central; prlv. fam.
ROOMS TO Continued.
MASON, 223— Nicely furnished, light rooms,
from $1 50 per week up: quiet house.
MCALLISTER 539—2 gents wishing to furnish
own home will find beautiful alcove room;
running water; gas; bath; parlor; piano.
MCALLISTER, 630—5 furnished rooms; private
family; adults: will rent single or as flat.
MINNA, 435— Nicely furnished sunny rooms for
1 or 2 people; upper flat. :. , ■-..■•-
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION. 928— Nicely furnished room, .$7 per
month. ?, ,'i -.• ;■;,
MISSION, 1729*, near Thirteenth— Double front
room; $5; single,' $3; furnished r bath; laundry-
OCTAVIA, 410— Newly furnished sunny room;
single; private family. .
O'FARRELL; 20 — Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
PHILADELPHIA Furnished rooms. 75
cents a week and upward. 421 Bush st.
PINE. 914— Nicely furnished double and singl*
rooms: bath; gas; private family. --
POLK, — Unfurnished front • bay-window
room; also a furnished room. •
POST, 91 Very pleasant furnished rooms
from $5 up. ' .- '•...•.■,.'
POWELL, . 617— Elegantly furnished suite of
rooms; gentleman preferred. »
SACRAMENTO, .2929— Unfurnished or furnished
front room, $5. '. ■ . .
SEVENTH. 40— Nicely furnished sunny rooms
• for gentlemen from $6 to $12; modern house.
SEVENTH. 192. near Howard (Girard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth »t..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, Sunny single furnished front
room; $3 50 per month. • ■
SIXTH, . 216^— Large sunny front room: also
sunny back room; rent cheap: quiet house.
SIXTH 408— New neatly furnished rooms; sin-
gle, $4 up: double. $6 up; housekeeping.
BUTTER, 2234— Comfortably furnished room In
a private family. ___
TAYLOR. Nicely furnished sunny suite of
rooms; gas; bath; grate; private house; $1".
TAYLOR, Large sunny newly furnished
front room for 2 gents. $15: references ex.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp. Gough—
House newly furnished: single rooms or suits;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
THIRD aye.. 123 (Richmond)— Nicely furnished
sunny housekeeping rooms or board. ■
TURK. 122— Large nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2: sunny single front room. $6.
TURK. '524— Small sunny front room, - private
family, for lady; references. .
V\N NESS aye., 302— Sunny furnished- parlor
suite; also front bay-window; running water.
VAN NESS AYE.. 904— A finely furnished par-
lor floor: also 3 or 4 rooms (furnished or un-
furnished) on second floor; adults only; rent
moderate; all conveniences; private family.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pl'anoa. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND /.BOA «O.
A PROTESTANT family 7. of . 2 persons who
have three boarders, wish 1 more; a gentleman
peeking a -quiet,- pleasant home- would find
this a desirable opening; have large, sunny
room with bath on me, floor: terms mod-
erate- neighborhood Pine and Franklin sts.
A. G. 8., box 1445, Call.
ABBOTSFORD, The—
Broadway and Polk sts.: ouiet. homelike;
terms moderate: board opt'nal: all cars direct.
AHLBORV House. 319-321-323 Grant aye.—
Rooms 50c up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward: free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 628 (Irvingdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suits, best board, $40 up: single. ,$2O up.
GEARY, 460— Nice room for 2 gents: first-class
board: $45: private family: also day boarders.
LARGE front alcove room, with board, $5 per
week. 1275 McAllister st. --;-. * ■-."■<.■<■.
MARRIED couple or two gentlemen, can have
room and board in refined home; Mission
warm belt: reasonable. Box 1451. Call office.
MISSION, 845— Nicely furnished suites and
single rooms: with board. __________
O'FARREL. 742— Comfortable room for couple;
running water: no children; home cooking.
STOCKTON, 317— Newly furnished sunny rooms
with or without board: very central; cheap.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: single /rooms accordingly. |
VAN NESS ft*e., 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms: first-class table board.
VAN NESS. Excellent table board; sunny
furnished rooms. . -
WANTED— TabIe boarders: seven blocks west
of Chronicle building; home cooking. Address
box 539. Call office. ■ - . . •■
$100 000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHILDREN BOARDED.'
WANTED— An infant or very small child to
board: will give the very best of references.
8&8 Linden aye. .
CHILDREN to board. 2315 Peralta st., Oak-
land; healthy location: good care.
WANTED— I or 2 children to room and board.
130 C Church st. -
WIDOW wishes children to hoard; furnished
room for parent. 51 Clara st.
REFINED home for little girl or young girt
student at 1727 McAllister st. :. ■-
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. ■ •
OFFICES TO _*_T. ..' ' _
EMMA BPRECKELS building, 927 Market st. ;
lieht heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 oO
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
~~ ~~ .b . ORES TO LET.
JUST the store— Butcher shop bet. fruit store
and grocery. 230 Van Ness aye.
NlCE*unny stores, with living rooms, at 339
Noe st. ,
NORTHEAST cor. Pacific and Sansome sts.—
Handsome corner store, $30 per month. - -
TO Let— Store. 226 Ellia st., $15. Apply next
door at jeweler's.
2 FINE new stores: pood location: rent. very
low. Apply at 2001 Central aye., near Sacra-
mento st.
UARRIAGE L.ICKNSES.
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Abraham N. Stohl and Hulda" Ne150n...... 37-3«
Georg* W. Woodward and Esther Geary.. 3*-l7
Otto H. Stenzel and Josie Roller 31-21
Abraham Volpin and Annie Simon.. •■ — g-W
Herman Frldahl and Jenney Erickson.... 27-24
Thomas J. Green and Lillian E. Luce.... 28-31
August C. .Tohansen and Helene Westh.. 32-21
Lee ,1. Farmer and Lena Proper Ai-ti
BIRTHS— MARRIABES—DEATHi
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They nrart be ha™*^
in at either of the publication offices and b«
Indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same publlsnea.
BORN.
AMBROSE— In this city, October 3, 1898, to the
wife of. William F. Ambrose, a son.
AHRENS— In this city. October 2, IS9S, to th 9
' wife of Albert N. Ahrens, a daughter.
ARCHER— In this city, September 30, IS9B, to
thewife of C. H. Archer, a son. ._?-".•
BURKE— In this city. October 5. '. IS9B. to ; the
wife Frank J. Burke, a son.
CAMP— In this city, October £, 1898, to the wife
of William Camp, a son.s.r.'. ■
DALMAS— In this city. October 8. IS9S. to th 9
wife of D. P. Palmas, a daughter. . \
GHIRARDELLI-In this. city, October 3. 1593,
to the wife of Domingo Ghlrardelli, a daugh-
ter.
HARVEY- In this city. October 2. 1S?8, to th«
wife of Peter "J. Harvey, a daughter.
IK WIN— this city, October 8, IS9B, to tha
wife of Robert Irwin, a son.
KERRICK— In this city. October 6, IS9S, to tho
wife of John W. Kerrick..a daughter.
MULLEN— In this city, October 4. 1898. to tha
wife of J. F. Mullen, a daughter. --'•..
XVi:KHG— In this city. October 8, 189S, to th»
Wife of William Nybergr. a sort. ' l .
NICHOLSON— In this city, October 6. IS9S, to
the wife of Samuel H. Nicholson, a son. ,
O'CONNOR— In this city, October 4. IS9B. to the
• wife of J. J. O'Connor, a son.
SCHMIDT— In this city. September 30, IS3S, to
the* wife of Fred J. Schmidt, a son.
WALLIS— In this city, October 4, IS9S, to tho
wife of Albert E. Wallis, a son. ' ■ ■- ■- '•
WITTKOPP— In this city, October 8, : 1898, to
the wlfo of Henry Wlttkopp; a son. '
. MARRIED.
BROUGHAM— TECKLENBURG— In this city,
September 15, 189S, by the Rev. rather Lane,
John J. Brougham and Minnie Teckleflburg,
both of • San Francisco. . '- •
MENKE— LTNDAHL— this city, October 5,
IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendeling, Edward.
_lenke'f.nd Natalia Sophia Lindahl. . • •
SCHNEIDER— YUNG— In. this city. October 6,
ISSB, by. the Rev. J. T"uendelins, . Conrad
Schneider : and Maxgaretha Tung. .„ ..
TOWXSEN-D— SCHELLINGER— this city,
October- 4. 1898, by the Key. 'J. Fuendeling,
Denison H. Townsend- and Edith L. Schel-
llngcr. ~ :■■■ :■■■ -.;-.■ :■-■>- ki.->v«yj.-r;k i.->v«yj.-r;
TIMM— SCHKLEY— In this city, October ISM,
■
1314
by the Rev. J. Fuendellng. Ernest A. Timm
and Louisa Scheley.
~ DIED.
Anderson, Frank Jensen, Edward J.
Bland, William Keys. George F.
Bell. William Knocke, Henry
Braham, Edward Larsson, Charles K.
bryant, Mabel McKee, John
Cavagnaro, Pasqoale McDade, Andrew
Cattermole. Capt. J. Mclaughlin, Wm.
Glbney, George T. J. McLaughlin, Dr. W.
Haley, Raymond Navlet, Josephine
Holnroth, Walter Polemanr.. Capt. E.
Harrington, Richard Peterson, Gustaf E.
Harms. Meta C. M. I'aynter, Judge
Hatch, Henry L. Robinson, Dr. Luke
Hillebrand, Rosa - ter, Miss Ruth
Hofmann, Wllhel- Stiepler, Gustav
mina Wiseman. Theodore
Judd, Lizzie G. Welsh. James R.
Ju^e. Annie E. Wittkopp (infant)
Jones, Blanche E. Wattson, Mamie E.
ANDERSON —In Alameda, October 6, IS9B.
Frank Anderson, brother of Mrs. R. A. Mc-
J.rllan and W. B. and R. K. Anderson, a na-
t:ve of Prince Edward Island, aged 60 years
and b months. (Nevada pap rs please copy.)
CTFriend^ and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:80 o'clock, from I. O. O. F.
Hall, Park street. Alameda. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery.
BLAND— In this city, October 6, 1808, William
Bland, a native of England, aged ' : yeßr«.
ETT'Friendsf and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of , Stockton and Geary streets. latermeiit
Laurel Hil! Cemetery.
BELL— In this city. October 6. 1898, William
Bell, a native of Ireland, aged M years.
{Philadelphia papers please copy.)
C?"Frlenils and acquaintances are respeot-
fully Invited to attend the funeral thin day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Gantner & Guntr, S and 10 City Hall square.
Interment Laurei Hill Cemetery.
BRAHAM— In Manila, October 6. 1898. Edward,
beloved grandson of Mrs. Kate Braham, a
native •■: San Francisco, aged 33 years.
BRYANT— In this city, October 8, 1898, Mabel
Bryant, a native of California, aged 2." years.
CAV.VONARO— In this city, October 8. IS9S.
l'asqi:a.l« Cavagnaro, dearly beloved father of
Mrs. Jennie Valenzla i.- 1 Mrs Emella Rlt-
Core, a nati\e of Italy, aged 76 years.
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully lnv;ted to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10 a. m.. from the residence
of his daughter, Mrs. E. Rittore. 200* Powell
street, thence to Sts. Peter and Paul (Italian)
Church, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for ihe repose of his soul,
commencing at 11 o'clock, thence to 413
Broadway, where, under the auspices of the
Garibaldi Guard, the funeral will leave at
. ' - !(■ I;." i V bs Ci mi tery.
ERMOLE— In this city. October 8, 1898,
:■ arly beloved husband
■ t Anna .7. Cattermole, father i r Charles H..
Luder, Join;. C. A and Henry J. Cattermolfl.
and brother of Mr«. Julia Hogemann, a na-
tive of Vegesack, Germany, aged 73 years i!
• ; :< and ! days.
C^Frit-nda and acquaintances are res]
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ . m the parlors of
H F. Suhr & ■ '•treet, near
ment Laurel I ry
GIDNEY— In Wes; Berkeley,
ge T. J.. ' • I i n cf Thomas and
::rw of John ■ J.
t San 1 .i native of San
aged la yeara 5 months and 1 day.
HALEY— In this city. <Vt -her 7. 1898, Ray-
: ed son of Rlcha-
Haley, a native of Vallejo, Cul., aged
1?
HKINROTH— In Pine Grove, Cal., October 7.
Walter, beloved b q of Mrs. L?na Heln-
roth : iCimhurst. and brother of Oscar Hein-
roth. :i native of Oem
ETFriends ar.^l ;. . es arc- resr<>ct-
■ to be present at th.^ ere:
which will be held at chaj F 1
O. '>. F. Cemetery, Geary street
■ .
[NGTON— In this 7, 1898,
Catherine and ths
late Dennis Harrington, and brother of John
T. ar. 1 Mathew I • • 1 the Sate Mrs
Elizabeth V^ziria, a i;.it:ve if Grass Valley,
Ca ! . . - ths an« I
• ■
■
: . his late re?!-
.•-tr^et. near Twenty-
fifth. ■ . ireh. where
services v.ill b° held, commencing at 1:20
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARMS— In this city, at the trero, October
E. 18S8, Meta CM., dearly beloved daughter
of Margaretha and the late Jacob Harms,
and beloved sister of Jacob L. Harms and the
late Catherine Harms, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged S years and 14 days. (Napa, ''a..,
papers please copy.)
C7"Friend.s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1:30 o'clock, from trie residence
cf parents, corner of Michigan and Twenty-
first streets, Potrero. Remains to be shipped
to Napa, Cal., for Interment by 3:30 o'clock
boat.
HATCH— In Talent. Or., October 7, 1898, Henry
L.. son of Dr. J?m»s H. and Mary T. Hatch,
a native of Portland. Or., aged 29 years.
Interment at Jacksonville, Or.
HILLEBRAND— In this city, October 5. 189S,
Rosa, dearly beloved wife of August Hille-
brand. a native of Nova Scotia, nged 41 years
4 month* and 26 days.
JCyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from hr lale resi-
dence, 429 Minna street, between Fifth and
Sixth, thence by electric funeral car from
Sixth a:>d Harrison streets at 2 o'clock. In-
etery.
MANN— In this cit; J, Wll-
: /mann.
a native •n, Wurtc-r.
many, ag ■ I ths. A mem-
German Ladies'
ety.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral this day
■ (Sunday), it ' o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 'j Hamoshire street, between Four-
teenth and Fifteenth. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
Jt'l-I ►— In Fan Dies?", October 8. 1898, Lizzie
G., beloved wife of Norris A. Jiuid. a native
of Pawtuckr-t. R. I.
Efb"N'ct!ce of funeral hereafter.
JUDGE— In this city. October 8, 1898, Annie
E., wife of James Juflpe, and beloved mother
of Mrs. Mamie E. Kelly, Mrs. Samuel Hayes
and Kittle Connelly, a native of County
Westmeath. Ireland, age ! 52 years.
JONES-In this city, October S, 1898. Blanche
E., beloved daughter of Thomas H. Jones,
a native of Lucan, Ontario, aged 23 years 7
month? and 16 days.
EX Friends Rmi acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
i Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence
of B. W. Harris 1507 Golden Gate avenue.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
JENSEN— In this city, October S. ISSS. Edward
John, beloved son of Jens M. and Brilget
Jensen, a native of San Francisco, aged 1
year and 11 Jays.
KEYS— In this city, October 6. ;.'-.; .'-. George
Franklin Keys, a native of Bayfleld, Ontario,
Canada, agei 43 years 11 months and 10 days.
(Denver, Colo., papers please copy.)
C^T'riends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the .uneral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the undertak-
ing parlors of McGinn Bros., 31 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemetery.
KXOCKE— In this city, October 8, IS:'- 1 !, Henry,
beloved husband of the late Johanna Knocke,
and father of Mrs. M. Behrmann, Mrs. Ar-
thur Kroder, M;.-r LUUe Knocke and John
and the late George Knocke, a native of
Hanover, Germany, aged 6S years 4 months
and 24 ('.ays.
LARSSON— In this city, October S, IS9B, Charles
E., beloved son of Charles P. and Julia Lars- ■
son, brother of Willie Knudsen. and grandson
of '■■ta and the late Hermann Hartz. a na- i
tive of San Francisco, aged 6 months and i
days.
McKEE— In Oakland, October 7, 1898, John Me-
Kee, a native of Baltimore, aged 42 years.
tCJTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
October 11. at 1:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of Mrs. Ellen Brew, Vallejo. Inter-
ment Union Cemetery, Vallejo.
McDADE— In this city, October 7, 1808, Andrew
McDade. a native of New York, aged 66
years.
(ETTha funeral will take place this day
(Sunday, at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of
Charles J. B. Metzler. 636 Washington street.
Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. October 7, 1898.
.William McLaushlln. a native of Ireland,
aged 62 yours. A member of San Rafael
Lodge No. 24, A. O. D. W.
ITJTFriendß and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
McAvoy & Co., 1235 Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
MCLAUGHLIN— In this city. October 7, 189S,
Dr. W. H. McLaughlln, beloved husband of
Katherine M. McLaughlln, son of Elizabeth i
McLaughlln, and brother of Mary F. and
Thomas E. McLaughlln, a native of Folsom,
Cal.. accd 40 years and 2 days.
f-LT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 10:50 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 2.t.'4 Mission street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery by 11:40 o'clock train from
Valencia-street station.
XAVLET— In this city, October 7. 1898, Joseph-
ine, beloved wife of Leon V. Navlet, daugh-
ter of Mrs. Couturon, mother of Leonle and
Arthur Navlet, and sister of Alice, Louise,
Helen, Alfred and Ernest Couturon. a native i
of Alameda. Cal., aged 30 years and 1 month. |
CyFriends and acquaintance* are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day*
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 2519 Golden Gate avenue, near First
avenue. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
POLEMANN— In this city, October 6. 189S, Cap-
tain Edwin Polemann, a native of Germany,
aged £6 years 2 months and 27 days.
IC7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
Theodor Dierka, 957 Mission street, between
Fifth and Sixth, thence to I. O. O. F. Ceme-
tery for cremation. Please omit flowers.
PETERSON— this city. October 8. 1898, Gus-
taf E. Peterson, a native of Sweden, aged 33
; years.
PAYNTEK— In Grans Valley, September 10.
hMcAVOY & GALLAGHER. S
HAL DIRECTORS & ESIBALUESta I
i firm st., ftp;. XAuois fWiwl. I
JMeflatHut, Benth J{^^^—^_ I-
ISM, Judge Paynter. beloved husband of Mrs.
B. J. Painter, and father of Minnie. Willie.
Bert. Llllle, Ed, Kate. Irene. Beatrice and
Philip Paynter, a native of Wisconsin, aged
61 years. L
ROBINSON— An anniversary mass of requiem
will be celebrated for the repose of the boul
of the late Dr. Luke Robinson to-morrow
(Monday), at 7 o'clock, at St. Man' • Cathe-
dral. Van New avenue.
SALTER— In North San Juan. Nevada County.
Miss Ruth Salter, a native of NorUi San
Juan. Nevada County. Cal., aged 14 years and
6 BJTFrfends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock.
STIEGLER— In Elmhurst, October 7, 189 S. Oub-
tav beloved husband of Mary Stlegler, and
brother of Mrs. Annie Pern a native of ur-
tembur* Germany, aged 3T years 4 months
and 25 days. A member of the San Francisco
Backer Vereln.
C "Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late reel-
dence Bayvllle avenue, EUmhurat, Inter-
ment 'Mountain View Cemetery.
WISEMAN- In the City and County Hospital,
October 7, 1898, Theodore Wiseman, a native
of New Jersey, aged 6S years.
WELSH- In this city, October S. 1898, James
R. Welsh, a native of Scotland, aged Tl years
2 months and 19 da>H.
[DTFrlonds and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. Remains at the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, corner
of Stockton and Geary streets.
WITTKOPP— In this city, October 8, IS9B, in-
fant son of Henry and Kate Wittkopp, a na-
tive of San Francisco.
WATTSON— In this city. October 8, 1893, Ma-
mie E., beloved wife of Qeorge A. Watteon,
and daughter of Mary and the late James
Gorman, a native of San Francisco.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Lawrence E. Van Winkle to Frank Mec
chi, lot on NW corner of Fillmore and Filbert
street;-. N 24 by W 100; $2000.
Anton and Martha Anderson to Georga B.
Gibbs, lot on E line of Blake street, 100 N of
Point Lobos avenue, N 60:4 by E 116 AM; $1.
James and Mamie Mattas to William Schen
del, lot on W line Of Chattanooga street, 104 S
of Twenty-second, S 26 by W 125; $10.
W. H. McLaughlin to Mary F. McLaughlin,
lot on \V line of Prospect street. 221 S of Coso.
S 60 by W 122:6, acre lot 45. P. V. Lands and
Bernal Heights; also lot on SW corner o£
Twenty-sixth and Castro streets, W 50:10 by
S 114; *10.
Henry B. Montague to Douglas S.Watson.un
divided one-nfth of lot on t»\V line or Hitch
street. 206:3 NW of Townsend, X\V 22:11 by 8W
SO; J7S2.
Lawrence McMahon or MacMahon to Anna
McMahon or MacMahon. lot on W line of
Tennessee street, 100 S of Solano, S 50 by W
100- also lot on S line of Fifteenth avenue, 223
W of N street, W 100 by S 100, being lots 12 to
15, block 3u6, Case Tract; gift.
Matilda Burke to Thomas Johnson, lot on S
line of Sadowo street, 505 W of Capitol, TV 25
by S 125, lot 15, block C, Railroad Homestead
No 2; $10.
Julia Herzo to Frank Sandelin, lot 22. block
2^. Lakevlew; $1000. t ,
Giuseppe Armaninn to Filippo Deluchi, undi
vided one-sixth of lot 11, block N. Sliver Ter
race. South San Francisco; $50. „ ,
William W. Wahn to Rebecca Wahn (wife),
lot on BE line of Bemis street, 163 ,NE of
Roanoke, NE 50 by SE 100. block 6. Falrmount;
B Laurel Hill cemetery Association to John Mil
ler, lot on W line or Orance path, 43 N of i- ..•-■
Fountain avenue, W 15 by N 10; 17.".
Alameda County.
Edson F. and John C. Adams and Julia P. A. !
Prather to Agnes M Noyea (wife of B. I, lot
on E line of Lee street, 67.26 N of Jayne ave
nue, E 163:05, N 60, TV 173. 57, S 61,13, to begin
ning being lot 15, block 5. in subdivision 1 of
Adams Point property, Oakland; $2000.
John T. Maloney to Mao E. Squires, lot on
SE line of Thirteenth avenue, '.', S\v Last
Twenty-fourth street, SW 25 by 3E 120, block
141. Clinton, East Oakland; gift.
Theod r Wollitz to Frank Telchmann, lots
4S and 4J, block 10, on map of resubdivision
blocks 10 and 11, Howe Tract, Oakland Annex;
i A. Fink to Anna S. Tommerez. lots 31
and 32 block It) Tract H. Berkeley Land and
Town improvement Association, Berkeley; $300.
John V Fryer (by commissioner) to Union
Savings Bank, lot on W line o£ Julia street. Hi
N of Monroe. N 145, W 190:1, N 24:.:?, W WS:B.
8 "SS2 E 345:2. to beginning, block F. Revised
Map Oak Tree Farm Tract. Brooklyn Town
ship- $3530.
Samuel and Hattie O. McHenry to Felix Mar
cuse lot on SE corner of Pacific avenue and
Sherman street, S 133.32. E 140.11, N 129.88. W
140.24 to eg nning. Alameda; $10.
H F and M. B. Whlrlow to W. B. Fitch,
the N 16 feet of lot 27. block A, Fitch Tract,
Alameda; $10. 
W. B. Fitch to Joseph Steffens, same. Ala
meda; ( ...
Elizabeth P., Fannie E. and I. A. Underwood
to Viola R. Tav? lot on SE corner of Vine and I
West streets, S 150 by E 135, being lets X V
and Z, block 5. Gravts & Taylor Tract. Berke
'Homestead Loan Association, Berkeley, to
John E. and Anna L. Wlglund. lot on N line :
of Delaware street. 56 E of Eighth, i. 50 by N
100 being lot 17. block 63. Tract IS. Berkeley
Land and Town Improvement Association,
Berkeley: $10. , ~ v ,
Elizabeth B. Sanborn to John A. Sanborn. lot ,
on E line of rrultvale avenue, 1022 9of old
county road. Oakland to San Leandro, 8 72:6
by E 600. being the N half of lots 8 and 26,
Bray tract. Brooklyn Township: 510. !
Same to Grace E. Sanborn, lot on E line of
Fruitvale avenue, 1177. *S Sof old county road.
Oakland to San Leandro, S 72:6 by E 600. being
the N half of lota 9 and 25, Bray Tract. Brook
lyn Township: $10.
Same to William B. Sanborn, lot on E line of
Fruitvale avenue. 1385.8J S of Old county road, j
Oakland to San Leandro. S 72:6 by E 600, being
the S half of lots 10 and 24. Bray Tract; Brook
lyn Township; $10.
. ♦ •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
F C Johnson. It Vista ,C B Shaver & w, Cal
Miss Humphreys, Cal |G H Monroe &w. i' a l
J T Anderson, Fresno - v 'i»6 Q Potts, Prescott
A Barstow, 8 Jose Mrs W Potts, Prescott
A L Henry. Sacto a J- Hudson, Cal
W T Henry. Stanford H C Smith. Stanford
\V T Rambo. NY OH Van Norden. Cal
J T Condon. Nev Mrs O A Shultz. Cal
E Rich 6 Jose ,'J M Brooks. L Ang
E J Lowrey. Fresno B P Bailey, S Jose
L Chambers, Portland C W Jones, Grass \al
J W Tourier A w, CaliG Dunphy ac w, Sacto
E M Churchill & w. J M Royce. Stockton
Escondido W R Johnson. Cal
E \ Rogers. Portland II G Melvin, Sacto
H C Osborne. L Ann ,H I) Knight Cal
Mrs S A Osborne. Cal W M Hunt Sacto
M White. Wash J L Mitchell, Selma
F A White, Wash C J Mulh.y. Sri t I
M Wallace, Portland ! T Lincoln, L An*
W H Etter Stock't-n O Wade. St Helena
j'■ kman. Stockton E B Smith &w. 11l j
C E Tlnkham. Chlco Mrs C H Peavey. 11l
F H Ransom. R Biuff W A Hobblns & w. 11}
A E Aeborne & w. Cal T Ryan. ? Barbara
H -'-Tntyre, L Ang C p Hughes. Chicago
PALACE HOTEL.
F Quayley. Stanford A M Young, Va
II Pitcher. Llvermore J H Clark. Tacoma
W J McGee Wash H McCraoken. StanM
W W Holmes, Wash W H Smith &w, Mcx
G M Petersen, Phlla E L Manning, Mich
J Crane Jr. Boston I Baroness yon Bchro«-
Mlss M Crane, Boston der, San Rafael
W H Dow Boston IS D Halse, 3 Jose
J H Eames. Chicago R E Prim. S Jose
J O Knight. L Ang X E Pierce. S Jose
Rev F Keith, Pa G Corsa, >. V
G Cobblens, N V W Rambo. Stanford
J Unasian, Stanford { W Brown, N V
p L Sylvia, Boston ; J S Jepson, N l
I P A Graham, Or . A A Rice. N V
I Mrs A Young, Va IT Flint. S Juan
Miss E Young, Va I Mrs Flint, S Juan
Dr 8 McGreen, Va ' I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
M O'Keefe, Vallejo Mrs S A Oabom.LAng
A Thompson, Wai lac H . M Howard, N V
Shows W C A Barnes. B Jose
A Rlx, San Jose Miss Hale, San Jose
C Brestlaw, Chicago Capt • Buf fine, 8 Jose
J Gainsberg, Sacto W R Hurt, Portland
J W Moore. Angel Isl W Carson & w.S Rail
C F Fameo, Presidio W Van Patten, Angl I
C Sadvln & 8. Ventra G G Caret. Fort Point
H J Craft, Butte. Mt L M Strauss. S Jose
E J Sklllmann. N V O Clark, Burllngame
H C Mackbeth. NY IW D Davis. Pinole
Mrs DeVore. Minn C M Hunter. Los Ang
H C Osborn, Los AneJD W Harrier. Vallejo
A M Daley, CrlppleCk H Demmlck, Vallejo
\V J Daley, Cripple CklJ N Berry. Presidio
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Bassett, Falrfleld iJ Brown & W, S Jose
R E Perry, Truckee Mrs C Brown. S Jose
C S Cloftuß, Reno J Manning, Sacto
T Demaree & f. Japan J t»<>lmrn, Hen Lomond
T Clausaen. Seattle P Olsen, Fresno
J Brant. Portland A Rerts & f. Tulare
R O Rowley, fi Jose J C Conklln. Chico
J Thornton, L Ang C King &w, Mexico
J Butler & w, Portld E G C-iruux, Mexico
L Herbert & w, Vacavl P F Smith. L Gatos
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENT E.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 8.
U 6 stmr Philadelphia, Wadlelgh. — days
from Honolulu.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct B— Htmr La Tour
aine, for Havre: stmr Werkendam, for Rotter
dam; stmr Etruria, for Liverpool; stmr Fulda.
for Genoa; stmr Patrla, for Hamburg; stmr
Ethiopia, for Glasgow.
ANTWERP— SaiIed Oct 8-?tmr Kensington,
for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Oct B— Stmr Koenlgen
Luise, for New York.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed Oct B— Stmr T'mbrta.for
New York.
Arrived Oct B— Stmr Lucania, fm New York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed Oct Stmr Belgen
land. for New York.
Arrived Oct — Stmr Noordland, from New
York.
« m »
Schumacher Goes to New York.
Thomas Schumacher, who lately re
signed his office of peneral freight man
ager of the Union Pacific Company, left
with his wife last evening for ?7ow York
City, where he will take the vice-presi
dency of the C. F. Expreas Company.
Mr. and Mre. Schumacher will travel East
In the private car of. General Manager
Dickinson of Denver, who bent hla car
West for the purpooe of extending this
courtesy to his retiring freight manager.
THE SAN FHAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1893.
ROCK ISLAND
BOY WAS IN
GREAT FORM
Should Win the Stake
at Ingleside.
TOD SLOAN DEFEATS SKYBALL
THE OPEN STAKE BRINGS TO
GETHER CRACK HOUNDS.
The Tavorites Had It All Their Own
Way and the Pikers
Went Home
Broke.
The recent rains have put the Ingleslde
Coursing Park in first-class condition
for ideal coursing, and the runs of yes
terday demonstrated this fact on several
occasions. The Ingleeide Club entertained
its patrons yesterday with an open stake
that will be finished to-day. From the
present outlook it certainly should go to
Rock Island Boy on his performance ol
yesterday, the great puppy defeating 1...
S. Conley with ease at the score of 24 to
5. Rock Island Boy has been on the sick
list from a bite he received about two
wi-eks ago, yet yesterday he seemed none
the worse for his injury and literally ran
rings around L. S. Conley. who Is consid
ered somewhat of a dog himself when
he gets down to work and gives lurch
ing a wide berth.
Patria did stand a fair chance to se
cure prize money, but the clever little
bitch was certainly out of form yester
day, and it took three courses for Judge
Grace to decide that Patria was winner
over Eclipse. Brilliantine and Mayflower
ran excellent courses, the latter bltcl
showing plenty of speed and demonstrat
ing that her lay-off and rest for a couple
of weeks was what she needed, Tod Sloan
made a good impression on the public,
defeating Skybali after he had lead up
and had things for a while all his own
way, but Sky ball is not the dog he was,
and he gradually died out, leaving all
the work to Tod, which he did gamely,
killing the hare near the escape after a
long and fast course.
Bean Pup was played all over the ring
by the short-endera as a good thing, the
dog at one time being as good as 24 to
1 but he was never beard from and was
defeated handily by Bonita.
The day throughout was the talent s
matinee, and short-endera were set down
hard. Among the few that landed were
Tod Sloan at 5 to 3, Maid of Hill at 2Va
to 1, Jack of Spados at 3 to 1 and Coun
terfeit at 2 to 1.
The results were as follows:
J Dean's Brllliantine ran a bye; P. Brm.hy's
Benicia Boy beat W. Milan's Galloway Lass;
Lowe & Thompson's Qulckstlch beat J. Quar.es
Marietta; A. and B. Kennel' s i.-ma beat P.
Gaffney's Sir John Arnott; A. Johnson I Tod
Sloan beat P. J. G. Kennel's fckybail; John
Eascan's Mayflower beat P. Reilly'a specula
tion O Neil & Hanrahan's Mercury beat Deck
elman & Panorlo's Pet Klrby; H. "'*<*»
Montana beat T. J. Cronln's Rosia B; A. and
IS Kennel' a Rock Island Boy beat S. Hansen s
L. S. Conley; S. E. Portal's Laurel wood II
beat M. Allen's Miss Alice; D. Ford Bonita
beat J. Magginl'E Ben Pup; P. RelHy's Master
Mat beat J. Foley's Atlantic Boy: London &
McCollough'i Magnet beat P. Brophy". Barry
Sullivan; W. gallon's Decency beat G. Fink
enstetdfa Fly: Russell & Wilson".. -Victor
Queen beat Lynch & Maher s Dakota. J.
Cox' Minion Tip beat T. F. Loiran • Miss
Grizzle- Handy <& Smiths ictor beat J.
Strand'a Lallv Peach; T. F. McCarthy* Boae
bud beat P. Gaftney's Lonain..: 1 Mri>««
TMnarki's Royal Oak beat A. 1-annlngs Babe
Murphy; Lowe & Thompson's Patria beat Kay
x Tram's Eclipse- T. Sullivan's Maid of Hill
ttj OB n'» Statesman; D., Rogers'
Jack of Spade? beat Larkey ft Rock's Emer
ald Henry Spring's Pat Malloy beat Captain
ClarkVoi?" Lady Jane; O'Neil & Hanrahan's
Prnmise Me beat F. Moran's Royal Prize: F.
M™?n's Flying Faster beat Handy &. Smith's
Dauntless- A Johnson's Llß.«ak beat D. Cro
& Swlnnerton: D. Shannon's Soubrette beat
a van den Burgh's American Eagle; J. ,Shee
han^ Lisa o' Gowrle beat W Sweeney's La
t«i"-!!- lames Byrne's Mohawk beat T. A.
} ie . riunn & Moore's Monitor; James 1.
GOOD RUNNING HABES.
Dogs That Won and Lost Yesterday
at Union Coursing Park.
Coursing at Union Park yesterday WU
excellenVowtn* to the late rain wh h
made soft the ground and unproved the
running qualities of the bares.
in the puppy stake there were cjuJte a
number of surprise. The ; defeat of Bt
Gertrude by Maid of Bah, after a no
course, made sad many of the knowing
ones who swamped the pool boxes at
odds of 5 to 1. with St. Gertrude the fav
orite Those who had seen the grueling
courses which St. Gertrude had had last
Sunday at lngleslde doubted her ability
to cope with Maid of Bail, a young bitch
which has greut speed backc-d up by good
the Maid did not allow
her opponent to score In a courae to the
farthest escape. , ,
CandaJeria, In a short course to a. tricky
hare defeated the favorite. Bit. ot 1- ash
ion Arab, a favorite in the betting, was
bowled over by Beauty Spot.
In the open stake the betting opened
with odds of 25 to 1 on Forgive winning
a flag from Riddle (late I'arnell). This
was certainly a cinch, an Riddle was
never allowed to get near to the game.
McKlnley. one of the fastest dogs pn the
coast, sold at $20 as against Jl on Gulden
Eaele. The last named doy r;m well, but
not well enough to defeat the President.
The first short end in this stake ap
peared in the thirteenth course, when
Little Delight beat O'Grady, a 2 to 1 shot.
Vigilant Peaceful Glen and Prince of
Fashion were fortunate in getting byes
Magic aent Wayfarer to his kennel, much
to the chagrin of the longenders. Winged
Foot made nervous the "highflyers" who
watered 40 to 1 that Rosette would win
in a walk. Winged Foot led to the hare
and scored two turns before Rosette took
possession, then the bitch held her game
until she fcored Just enough points to
beat her opponent.
The results of the day s coursing are as
follows:
Punny stake— Wild Tralee beat Rocket; Pox
Kenny beat Gold Hill; Tha.l Stevens b.'at
Matchless: Maid of Ball boat Bt. Gertrude:
Flush beat Maid of Erin; Car.dalerla beat Hit
of Fashion; Rose of Tralee beat Regular Army;
Beauty Spot beat Arab; Royal Flush beat
Trinket • Mac's Melody beat Lawrence; Rest
Assured' beat Petronius; Morning Glory beat
Open stake, sixty-four entries— Run down-
Forgive beat RiiMlf. Wait a Little beat Ke
venge- Douglas beat Mag'lallah: Van Cloie beat
Little' Doubt; Joy Bells beat Jouet; Riot Act
beat Rosle E; Commodore beat Lanky Bob;
Kendlgo beat Monotony; McKlnley beat Golden
Eagle- Seldom beat Glen Rosa; Breach i.f
Promise beat Preclta Girl; Theron beat Fault
less Beauty; Little Delight beat O'Orady; Lord
Byron beat Miller's Maid; Jersey Lily beat
White Tip; Thornhlll beat Van Knapp; Vigi
lant a byer Peaceful Glen a bye; Firm Frien]
beat Bell of Moscow; Moonlight beat Hattle;
Mountain Beauty beat Mary X: Prince of
Fashion a bye; Santa Alicia beat Beauty;
Cavalier beat Crusader; Prince Hal bent For
ger Magic beat Wayfarer; Jennie Wilson beat
MayW; Rosett* beat Winged Foot; White
Lily b«at Chill Pepper; Ida beat Jlmmie Hope;
Lightfoot beat Lord Lonsdale; Mira Monte
beat Gallagher.
Held for Grand Larceny.
Michael Raggett and Alexander L*>gray,
two "tenderloin toughs," were yesterday
held to answer before the Superior Court
by Judge Joachlmßen on a charge of
grand larceny. Several days ago they
induced Alexander Wheatley of Los An
geles to bo to a lodging-house on Du
fiont street to have a "scrap." as Wheat
ey boasted of being a lighter, and when
they got him there he whs knocked out
by a blow on the Jaw and robbed of his
money and Jewelry.'
Advances made r.-n furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Nooneui, 1017-1023 Mission.
DEATH UNDER CAR WHEELS.
Hans Hansen Horribly Mangled and KjHed
on the San Mateo Street Line.
Hans Hansen. a bootblack, about 50 years old, was run over and in
stantly killed by car 10 of the San Mateo street line at the corner of How
ard and Steuart streets at 15 minutes of 10 o'clock last night.
The bootblack was crossing Howard street with a friend, when the car
came up Steuart street on its way to the turntable at the ferry end of the
line Hansen stopped shortly before the car reached the crossing and
then attempted to cross the track. The motorman, thinking Hansen would
wait till ho had passed, did not try to stop the car, and the bootblack
was struck. He was rolled for some distance under the car before it could
be stopped. In order to secure the body it was necessary to remove the car
from the track.
The body was horribly mangled by the collision. Both arms and legs
were nearly torn from the trunk, hanging by shreds of skin. The roar
portion of the skull was crushed in and the face so badly lacerated that
recognition was hardly possible.
Owen Cunningham, who was with Hansen at the time of the accident,
was the only witness of the circumstances. To Deputy Coroner J. G.
Tyrrell who took the body to the Morgue, Cunningham attempted to make
a Statement, but was under the influence of liquor to such an extent that
he could give no clear account of the affair.
Tlie motorman, Arthur Watts, stated to the Deputy Coroner that he
wa« going up Steuart street at the usual rate of speed, when he noticed
Hansen near the track. "The man stopped." said Watts, "and I thought
he would not try to cross the track until I had passed. To me he seemed
to be Intoxicated, and inquiries from people who came up after the acci
dent showed that my suppostion was correct."
Watts was arrested I>\ the police from the Harbor station, and was
Immediately transferred to the City Prison, where a charge of man
slaughter was placed against him. He was Immediately released on his
own recognizance by Captain Spillane of the Southern station.
CLIPPERTON
ISLAND AND
ITS JAPS
Trouble With Labor
ers Explained.
CAPTAIN FREETH'S STORY
THE ISLAND NOW WORKED UN
DER MEXICO'S FLAG.
Guano Deposits Will Last for Eight
Years — Wharves Erected and
Every Convenience Pro
vided for Shipping.
Cllpperton Island is acquiring? rather
too much reputation for a louety. eruano
covered. crab-infested reef. Situated off
the coast of Mexico, it has had quite an
International history. First it was dis
covered by the English, then the French
laid claim to it. Later on it was thought
that the United States had a right to the
Isle, and a citizen of the Union actually
hoisted the stars and stripes. Now It ap
pears finally settled that the place bo
longs to Mexico, and, under a concession
from our sister republic, J. T. Arundel,
representing a great English syndicate,
is busily engaged in depriving the island
of its one marketable commodity, the
guano, which has been deposited there
for centuries.
Captain Freeth, Mr. Arundel's man
ager, who has just arrived in San Fran
cisco fresh from the briny guano de
posits, pooh-poohs all the stories of trou
ble with the Japanese laborers which
have recently been published by some
sensational newspapers in this city.
"We had no serious difficulty with the
Japanese," he said yesterday, "beyond
what might be expected from these cun
ning sons of the East. We took down
seventy-live Japs in the Alice Blanchard
last June. They were supposed to be
under the charge of a man caned Wll
burton, who proved totally unable to
manage them. Why, he had only been
on the island ten days when he came to
me and asked to be released from his
contract, which bound Iv.m for a year.
Some of the Japanese ringleaders organ
ized a strike because they objected to
the hours of work stipulated in their con
tract, but eventually an agreement was
arrived at.
"We have brought up two cargoes of
guano in the Alice Blanchard to San
Diego, and when I left the island on Sep
tember 17 everything was quiet. Then
had been some talk of another strike, and
one man, who declined to join the dis
contented faction, imagined himself in
danger and swam off to the steamer. We
brought him on to San Diego, and at the
same time we offered any of the Japs
wh<> did not like the work a passage
back to their homos, but they refused
to accept. They had good food, better
than they ever had before in their lives,
and not too much work, so they were not
anxious for a chanjie.
"Clipperton Inland is not exactly a
pleasant place to live on, and I do not
intend to stay there permanently. Mr.
Burlelgh, the secretary, is at present in
charge. We have put up a good wharf
and permanent moorings, so that we can
ship a hundred tons of guano a day.
There is no longer any danger about the
work. It will take. I expect, about eight
years to exhaust the guano deposits on
the island.'"
MASONIC GRAND LODGE.
The Annual Convocation Will Be
Held in Masonic Temple Com
mencing on Tuesday.
The Grand Lodge of Free and Acoepted
Masons of the State of California will
hold its next annual convocation In the
Temple at Montgomery and Post streets
for the transaction of business and legis
lation for the coming yeur, commencing
next Tuesday. At the close of the convo
cation of IK>7 there were under the juris
diction of the grand body two hundred
and flftv-six subordinate lodges, sixteen
of which are located In tins city. The
year which Is about to close 1s one that
has been prosperous, and durin«r the year
the grand body donated to charity the
sum of $20,000 to aid in building the 'VVld
ows' and Orphans' Home in Decoto. This
was the impetus for the Masonic Fair
that followed, and gave sufficient money
to complete the grand monument of rra
ternitv. The officers of the Grand Lodge
are: Thomas Flint Jr., grand master: F.
M Anßellotti, demity grand master;
Charlt-s L. Fatten, senior grand warden;
James A. Foshay. junior grand warden;
Edward Coleman, grand treasurer:
George Johnson, grand secretary; Edward
B rhurch, grand chaplain; E. S. Lippitt,
grand orator; C. E. Mitchell, grand lec
turer- D. B. Allison, grand marshal: John
W. Boyd, grand standard bearer; W. H.
Carson, grand sword bearer; A\ oods
Crawford, grand Bible bearer: Stanley A.
Smith, grnnd senior deacon: Emanuel J.
Lewis grand junior deacon; Thomas J.
Richards, senior prand steward; George
D Cunningham, grand junior steward;
Gustave Gunzendorfer. grand pursuivant:
Sanuit-1 D. Mayer, grand organist, and
George P. Adam, grand tyler.
Judge Angellottl of San Rafael is in line
of promotion for the office of grand mas
ter? and Charles L. Patton or this city
for the office of deputy grand master.
The session will last until Saturday.
ST. JOHN'S PARISH FAIR.
Formally Opened Last Evening by-
Mayor Phelan — Its Purpose.
The zealous parishioners of St. John's
parish, formerly old St. Mary's College,
have been working for the past few
months in the interest of a grand bazar,
which was opened last evening by Mayor
Phelan.
St. John's, the youngest parish in the
diocese, has not yet succeeded in build
ing a parish church, and Its people are
holding services in the old college until
such time as they are able to raise funds
with which to erect a suitable house of
worship. It is for this object that the
present bazaar fc being held.
The following ladles are in charge of
the various booths:
St Patrick's booth— Mrs. Melnke arid Mrs.
Den'nison assisted by Mrs. McCann. Mrs.
Doyle. Misses K. Dennlson. K. Meinke and K.
St Anthony's booth— Mrs. Mlnehan and Mrs.
Mitchell, assisted by Mrs. T. Mlnehan. Mrs.
Claffey Mr?. Sheridan. Mr 9. O'Farroll. Mrs.
Bolz Mrs L.yons, Misses L. Itelslng, A. Kerr.
M O'Farrell, Mrs. O'Brien, Mrs. Flately and
Mrs J J Rielly.
Immaculate Conception Podallty — Presided
over by the president, assisted by the members
of the sodality and Mrs. Richardson. Mrs. Wil
son. Mls»e» Julia Llnehan and Maggie McMur-
Robert Emmet booth— Mrs. McLester and
Mrs McDevttt. assisted by Mrs. Fay, Mrs.
W'hlttkopp. Misses K. McKeon. M. Hattabough.
A. Phillips and O'Connor. v'V'L 1 *
Dewey booth— Mrs. Supple, assisted by Misses
K. Doyle and L. Mitchell.
Candy stand— Misses K. Supple, L. Dennison,
J. McCann, K. Kehoe, J. White and.H. Denni
80 Refreshment booth— Mrs. Cherry, assisted by
Mrs Chambers. Mr. Cherry and the Misses M.
Lvnn and A. O'Brien.
■The following committees are in
charge: # ,_ , :f-.; .
Press— Miss Millie Skehen (chairman). Mrs.
Bolz Minces L. Skehen, K. Meinke. L. Dennl
son. A. Supple and K. McKeon.
Floor— Mesars. McLester, Mlnehan, Tamony,
McGuire and Cherry. , _ „ .„
Reception— lmmaculate Conception Sodality,
assisted by Company O, League of the Cross
C Shoo"tW Onllery- Wejplier an^ mem
bers of Company O. Leag-ue of the Cross Cadets.
ITALIANS TO GIVE A FAIR.
Its Purpose Is to Raise Funds for
Church Improvements.
The large Italian population of North
Beach and other parts of the city is zeal
ously engaged in preparing a grand ba
zaar which promises to be the most suc
oeasfol benefit sale ever organized in aid
of St. Peter and St. Paul's Church. The
fair will be opened by Mayor Phelan on
October 17, at the Washington Square
Hall.
The ladies of the executive committee
deserve great credit for the zeal and ener
gy with which tney sustain their arduous
labors. Nothing is left undone to make
the hall and the various booths as at
tractive as possible for the occasion. Ow
ing to their efforts, in a comparatively
short time several booths have been pre
pared and richly furnished with prizes and
attractive specialties. A select committee
1h preparing an interesting series of en
tertainments, and is doing itß work so
well that the programme, when published,
cannot fail to draw large crowds to the
fair.
With so much activity and intelligent
zeal on the part of the lady directors the
enterprise may be looked forward to a»
one of the social attractions of the sea
son.
Last y«ar Greece wub buying guns, and
this year It has ordered 10,000 ploughs.
STRIPES OF
A FELON FOR
A. C WIDBER
Found Guilty of Felony
Embezzlement.
HUNG ON THE CONFESSION
IT WAS RE-HEAD AND THEN A
VERDICT WAS REACHED.
The Prisoner Was Unmoved When
His Fate Was Determined — Sen
tence Will Be Passed
Next Saturday.
Augustus C. Widber must wear a felon's
stripes for his crime of looting- the vaults
of the city treasury. Yesterday morning,
at 11 o'clock, after having been out for !
over twenty hours, the jury selected to
determine the fate of the defaulter hand
ed In a verdict of guilty as charged, and
the prisoner was returned to his cell in
the County Jail to await the. day of sen
tence, next Saturday.
There were many in the court when the
verdict was announced, and all plainly
showed that their sympathies were with
the convicted defaulter. Many openly ex
pressed the opinion that they did not be.
lieve that he alone stole and caried away
the entire amount of the shortage. Others,
accepting the theory that he did, sympa
thized with him for the reason that the
temptation offered was so great. They
held that had Mayor Phelan desired to
do his honest duty and count the money,
as the law strictly stated he should do,
Instead of seeking some pretext through
which he could pose and play to and gain
the plaudits of the gallery, the young man
who, not many months ago, had a bril
liant future before hir^ would not now
occupy the cell of a feion.
Widber alone was unmoved when the
verdict was announced. At 10 o'clock in
the morning he was removed from his
cell to the courtroom to await the return
of the jury, which had passed the night be
hind bolted doors in the St. Nicholas
Hotel. Evidently the prisoner was or the
opinion that the fact of the jury having
been out all night meant a favorable de
cision; but if any such opinion occupied
his mind it was an erroneous one Half
an hour after the jury had returned Irom
the hotel the ringing of the bell an
nounced that it had either reached a ver
dict or wanted Instructions. It was seek
ing further instruction, and when it had
been seated in the courtroom the foreman
asked that the jury be permitted to again
read the confession made by the Prisoner
the day after the arrest, if Judge C.OOK
had any doubt regarding the propriety
of again submitting the confession to the
lurv it was removed by WJdber. w ho per
sonally admitted the right of the Jury to
become better acquainted- with its con
tents On securing the confession, the
jury again retired for further deliberation
3 A few minutes passed, the bell again
rang and the foreman announced that a
verdict had been reached. "We find the
defendant guilty of embezzlement, an
nounced the foreman "but are unable to
fix the amount of his defalcation. It
was the opinion of some that the amount
of his defalcation should be fixed at $11S,
536 97, the exact amount known to have
been taken from the treasury while oth
ers held that he should be charged only
with the embezzlement of $76,242 04, the
amount set forth In the indictment. In
reply Judge Cook informed Foreman Mli
lei' that it was solely within the province
of the jury to fix the amount of the de
falcation but called attention to the fact
that Widber was charged in the indict
ment upon which he was tried, with the
embezzlement of $76,242 54. This was suffi
cient, and the jury retired to fix the
amount of the defalcation. Within a few
minutes the jury again returned and
found the defendant guilty of having em
bezzled the amount set forth in the in
dictment. Widber remained as unmoved
as the Sphinx when the verdict was an
nounced. After the jury had been dis
charged he rose from his seat and accom
panied his guard from the courtroom and
was immediately returned to his cell in
the County Jail. ■■■' ■■■- >■ •
Those who occupied the jury box and
determined that Widber must pay the
penalty for his crimes are: W. E. Love
joy 123 Bernard street; W. W. Griffin,
1009 Florida; R. Mehrtens, 100 Haight;
John Bohner. 8 Mary Terrace; W. H.
Miller, 1709 Baker; J. Sullivan. 3058 Twen
ty-fifth; F. A. "Weil. 806 Van Ness avenue;
W. J. Thompson, 1717 Eddy: L. Lasar. 1332
Post; H. Bendlt, 507 Hyde; J. H. Nolan,
Third and Perry streets, and W. P. Hig
■ ginbotham. 31 Jessie.
Soldiers Play Football.
A match between the Kansas and the
Washington regimental football teams
has been set for the 15th or 20th of the
present month. Both teams are about
equally matched, and a preat deal of
speculation Is indulged In regarding the
mitfomp of the game.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Be Patriotic
In Actions as Well as Words |
Why Buy Foreign
LINOLEUM
When
AMERICAN
IS BEST AND CHEAPEST?
WE MAKE A SPECIALTY OF IT.
4O CCS square yard.
For all at prices to suit.
Schlueter & Volberg,
709 Market Street,
Next to Call Building. \
ISO F»«IINt NO PAINI
jj^^jfL Lowed FriMt In th« City!
t&£i^^^^^ GUARANTEED.
&M 'I TEETH "WITHOUT
J3g jfjf&k OfJ PLATES A SPECIALTY.
•fee? *?^ W9k Full Set of Teeth, ex-
T| 2 VI trading fr»e..»4^O up
S' N^ yRtGBL. °' d Crowns, " k ;
fesjLj i^^^^^fr^: '" ln X" a3c up
*-3&>sm®tek ELECTRO-DENTAL
QS*,^^^//^ Suite 7, Flood Building.
*" - 809 MARKET ST.
I 0;0o« Hr«.~» cm. to li» »,m.i.S»n« 9 te,a j^w.
ADVEBTISEMjSNTSL^^^
PECULIAR POISONS.
GENERATED 'IN THE HUMAN BODY
19 Result.of Imperfect Digestion
very living thing, plant or animal,
tains within Itself the germs of cer-
i decay and death.
i the human body these germs of
■ase and death (called by scientist*
maines). are usually the result of
lerfect digestion of food; the result
ndigestion or dyspepsia,
he stomach, from abuse, weakness,
s not promptly and thoroughly
»st the food. The result is a heavy
sadden mass which ferments (the first
process of decay), poisoning the blood,
making it thin, weak, and lacking in
red corpuscles: poisoning the brain,
causing headaches and pain in the eyes.
Bad digestion irritates the heart.
causing palpitation and finally bring-
ing on disease of this very important
digestion poisons the kidneys,
causing Bright's disease and diabetes.
And this is so because every organ,
nerve, depends upon the stomach
alone for nourishment and renewal,
and weak digestion shows itself not
only in loss of appetite and flesh, but in
weak nerves and muddy complexion.
The great English scientist, Huxley,
said the best start in life is a sound
stomach. Weak stomachs fail to digest
food properb- because they lack the
proper quantity of digestive acids .
and hydrochloric) and pepto-»
genlc products: the most sensible
ly in all cases of indigestion is to
take after each meal on» or two of
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, because
they supply in a pleasant, harmless
form all the elements that weak stom-
achs lack.
regular use of Stuart's Dyspepsia
Tablets will cure every form of stomach
trouble except cancer of the stomach.
They increase tlesh. Insure pure blood,
strong nerves, a bright eye and clear
complexion, because all these result
only from wholesome food well
- T ed.
Nearly all druggists sell Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets at r>o cents full-sized
ige or by mail by inclosing price
to Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich..
but ask your druggist first.
A little hook on stomach diseases
mailed free. Address Stuart Company,
Marshall. Mich.
♦ ♦
O .\A/E RENT... O
I TYPEWRITERS j
♦ ALL KAXESm O
o Few Partly Used for Sale. o
♦ I 1 o'*
♦ i— — — I ♦
° Send for Samples of Work and Prices <"•
I L & M. ALEXANDER & CO. |
♦ Agents Smith-Premier Typewriter, i
? 110 Montgomery Street, |
O SAN FRANCISCO. J
♦ - SI
o ♦o-»-o-^-o-*-o -♦• o -♦- o -♦■ o -*-o-*-o-»-o-»-o
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICK. .
Pep
I O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
buswellTpaint CO., >
302 Market St., Cor. Front, S. F.
tFINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST OF
WORKMANSHIP, at
25 per cent Less than Other
Tailors Charge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
All Wool Suits to &i*%  Q r
Order from 4)1 Z ° $00
Pants from . . . $4 to $|0
201 and 203 Montgomery St.
844 and 846 Market St..
; ADMINISTRATOR'S AUCTION
Monday, October 17, 1898
At 12 o'clock Noon >•";
At Salesroom, 14 Montgomery Street.
JOSEPH P. HALE ESTATE.
I Numbers 314, 316, 313, 320. 322 and 324 Oak street, 6 two*
story and basement homes of 8 rooms, bath, bay in-
• dows, brick foundation, stone walks, etc., each; rente
! (30 each ; both streets accepted ; in 3 equal subdivisions
I of 45:10-12x120 feet e.ich. double frontage.
TRUSTEES SALE.
i S.E comer of Jackson and Cherry streets, choice
Presidio Heights residence lot: 32:2!{x117:9 feet ; com-
I mands grand panoramic marine, Presidio and city
views.
SII ANAHAX ESTATE.
Nos. 1410-IQS Harrison street, between 10th and Ilth
streets, two flats uf 6 and 5 rooms aud basement ; rente
|24 : lot 25x75 feet.
THESE PROPERTIES MUST BE SOLD.
Terms and further particulars at our office.
G. H. UMBSEN „ CO.,
14 Montgomery S:., San Francisco.
jjt** M Vk • The jw«i,«
THE HOME REMEDY k °P t vigorom
THE HOME REMEDY h^^"!?:
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS i^hl^
1 wrong. Fcr all these funs, irreeul*ritiaa and difficulties no
i remedy on earth ft „n n Dirt Easily. ipnlied by lady her-
| »q«a-jJhsfaniou»3«nO-KlO self. Relieve* all pain
■ Jq^USßt^ '" om "' or Ovarte* In 10 tninnte*.
i ehcSkSKB! Promptly relieves Headache, If aujea. Blood and
S^^Ksa Bladder Troubles, Faintnesi^Nervotuness, Fear
Wp^rii" and Despondency. lures Leucorrhwa, Womb
I i,XtJr IB Coinjrljir.ts. Di^i'laeementi, Backache, Bearing
j '^Pdi**" W.jl Down Paint and all Female Disorder). ,«»fc.
C<X^.«^b|< : 'l>eorn the spirit, and Uicerstion*.
\ v/*^i ! «X'J-<Ci t -' le *' r " the s P' rit> and Vitalize* M II M
■» -^-©13?^- ' the whole i rime, £ufc, Ware and \.rn.y
Absolutely llurmloM. One 60 c-nt box will WUr
complete a cure in ordinary cists.
iST &PS "ALL PAIN OI 'T? T J V IX d »^goiBts.
in in u i ii rrK ' • < ™^^ m wtmpp " on^'^
IN IU MINUIto Thj:»>o.-r^ oc«.c«0 c«.c«! 0a BBe.ehw e .chi ciS ti
I Sold by Owl Drug Co., S. F., and Oakland.
— _____
B3¥JSDft. HALL'S REINYIGORATOR
»n M F' ve hundred reward lor any cas*
f**** sm ll we cannot cure. This secret remedy
i iwrrt - M ?- t0 ? s all lOMes In 24 hours, cures
SS VvJ- Emissions, lmpotency, Varicocele
VK STuTI on 0" hoe a. Gleet, Fits. Strictures,
i_9 KflH tV- ii J an Vi >Ot l and all wasting ef-
■K-JHh fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
B ~*--_"^*l sealed, « bottle: 3 bottles. $5, guar-
£2.^,*° cv "- ddr j as HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
BTITUTE. 855 Broadway, Oakland. Cal Also
for sale at 1073* Market st.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for fre« book.
Weak Men and Women
42 MOULD USE IJAMIANA BITTERS. THIS
>f Kreat Mexican remedy; gives health and
strcneth to suual organs. Depot. 823 Market.ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
WILL HAVE TO
MAKE A NEW
TAX ORDINANCE
Reason Why the "Six"
Ignored Thomas.
KNEW OF HIS INTENTION
WOODWAED AGAIN COMES INTO
PROMINENCE.
President Heitmann Says He Will
Discuss the Question When
a New Levy Is
Proposed.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 8.
President Heitmann of the City Council,
when asked this morning for his reason
for not attending the conference on the
tax levy called by the Mayor last even-
Ing, said: 'i read in the papers that the
Mayor intended to veto the ordinance,
and consequently I could see no purpose
in discussing the matter. "We could not
change the ordinance without it going
back to the Council, being passed to
print and going through the routine of
such matters, and in the Council cham
ber is the proper place under the circum
stances to discuss it. Had the Mayor not
said that he intended to veto it 1 might
have been present, but it was no use
wasting time, and 1 stayed away. I do
not know why the others did not attend."
Foreseeing such a deadlock as has oc
curred. Councilman Cuvellier secured the
passage of a resolution a week^ ago ex
tending the time for tixing the uix levy
one month from the first Monday in Oc- i
tober. This will give ample time in which :
to prepare another ordinance.
Everybody at the City Ha.l is now at
sea regarding the tax levy. They are all
spending money in their various depart
ments on the presumption that they will
be [owed as much money as last year,
whereas if the ideas of the S..lid Six
Couneilmen prevail, they will have spent
all their income by January, and the city
will have to close down its business for
the remainder of the fiscal year.
The amusing Incident in the affair is
the position of Mr. Woodward. This un
fortunate gentleman, although only one
of the Solid Six and no more reprehen
sible than the other five, always sue- j
ceeds in occupying the position of being
the man on whose vote all depends. His
fellow-supporters of the obnoxious tax
ordinance were expressing amusement i
to-day that he had attended the Mayor's
meeting last nisrht and shown some .
Vacillation reg; ling his position, es
pecially as Woodward took the trouble
last Monday night to read a lengthy
typewritten report in support of his vote. i
The Mayor has not yet vetoed the ordi
dinance, and sent it back to the Council,
but it is presumed he will do this before
next Monday night.
Councilman Woodward Issued the fol
lowing statement to-day:
I propose to stand by the proposition of maJc-
Injr these grand Improvements for the city. I
think they will benefit the entire people.
The lake certainly ought to be dredged and
cleansed of in« filth ami sewerage it now con- ;
tains end trtut i>- constantly -twins dumped into
It. The sewerage of KS people Is drained Into
Cemetery Creek. This creek should be diverted
and the sewerage matter run int'j the main >
lake sewer. We already have rights of way
granted for this improvement.
As I am In favor of these public improve- j
ments provided for in the levy of 51 21 I pro
pose to stand by the measure unless something ■
-better Is submitted to me.
I am not in favor of crippling the depart
ments of the city, but I flrml> believe that
tlie.^e improvements can be made with the $1 21
levy if rigid economy is practiced in the ad
ministration of the city government.
In conclusion. I firmly I eve, from a:: the ,
information 1 can secure, that the whole of
Lake Merritt can be dredged by June 30. 1599.
Th- best citizens of this city, larK-? property
owners as well as small one*, are one and all
Interested to see nur city cleaned up and im
proved. Mr. Prini Cuuncilman-at-large from
the Seventh Ward, la In favor of the appro
priation of { SO. 000 to Improve the lake and
dredge it at once. E. W. WOODWARD.
.
CONDITIONS ARE REVERSED.
Peculiar Feature of August Krueger's
Arrest for Selling Liquor
Without License.
OAKLAN] B.— August Kryeger,
. ht on complaint
... J >on for selling
pleaded not
I rt to- ..iy and de
whicb was set for j
10.
Kru member of the Populist i
County Central Committee and was ar
rested while attending- a meeting last
night. County Treasurer O. M. Sanford
and J. \V. Doyle of Berkeley were also at
the meeting and differed to go on bCrueg
er's bond for any amount and R. B. Mey
ers, who is Kru^Kers attorney was also
In attendance and offered his legal ser
vices, but Police Judge Allen was address-
Ing a political meeting In Berkeley, and
Krueger had to .stay in jail until nearly
midnight.
A peculiar feature of Krueg arrest
Is that during the term of ex-Chief o£
Police Lloyd and License Inspector Mit
chell, he was employed In gathering evi
dence against people who violated the li
cense ordinance. Several arrests were
made on evidence secured by Krueger,
and Theordore Gier gave it out that
Krueger attempted to square cases out of
court.
George C. Hunt Improves.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— George C. Hunt's
condition, since he has been treated at
Agnews Asylum, seems to be improving-.
Mrs. Hunt has received a letter I'rom
him in which he reviews his sad experi
ences and expresses hope for his recov
ery and sorrow for the strain brought
upon his wife. He says also that every
thing possible for his comfort is being
done at the hospital. A letter from Dr.
Stocking received at the same time cor
roborates Mr. Hunt and says that If
their are not relapses the patient will soon
be out.
Pickpockets to Be Tried Here.
OAKLAND. Oct. B.— Detective Gibson
thi.s afternoon I rver from San
Francisco Jack Piggott and Cal Childs,
who were arrested yesterday on a charge
of picking the p icket of Mrs. W. A.
Wefdenmann of Valkjo at the Oakland
mo!<-. The purse taken contained jol 25.
When the alleged pickpockets were cor
nered they dropped the purse. Both pris
oners are well Known to the police in San
Francisco, where Piggott claims to have
quite a ";»uIK" The men art to be tried
in the Police Court here.
Detectives Rewarded.
OAKLAND. Oct. B.— Harry J. Wright
and John Corkan, the two deserters from
ng ship Independence arrest
re, were taken to the Mare Inland
Navy Yard to-day by Detective Hodgkins,
<>ne of the arresting officers. The United
1 ■ ■ < rnment offers a ceward of $10
each for the apprehension of deserters
and this goes to Detectives Hodgkins and
Shorey, but they will have to defray the
(Dense of taking the men to Mare Isl-
Three Sentences at One Sitting.
OAKLAND. Oct. s.— Samuel George will
spend the next twelve months In the City
JalL lie has been found guilty 'on three!
»nargea of petit larcera and to-day Police
Judge Allen BentencedWzn to four months
• h charge. Frank Hoyt, who stole !
mouths on each charge.
The Heaton Estate.
OAKLAND. Oct 8. -The estate of Per
t. litaton. deceased, has been au
d at $10,000, consisting: chieily of
Electric Boad Exonerated.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— Coroner Baldwin i
and a jury to-day inquired into the death
of Gustave Btiegler, the Elmhurst baker
who was struck by car No. 18 of the Oak
HE SHOOK THE MAYOR.
Unpleasant Experience
of His Honor in Mr-
Schillings Garden.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway. Oct. G.
MAYOR THOMAS has been
given the shake— the shake
terrible and continuous. It
Ais given him by A. Schil
ling, the millionaire merchant. In
hi? beautiful grounds by the shores
of Lake Merritt.
During the past few weeks there
have been several informal gather-
ings at the houses of people resid
ing near the lake to consider the
sitioi improving that dis
trict. It was a: one of these gather
that the Mayor was given the
and he has not yet forgotten
it.
"It happened this way," said the
Mayor, li: telling of tho unph
ent: "A few weeks ago Mr.
Schilling was advised by Dr. Wool-
Bey that the condition of his liver
was not normal and that a ride on
the top of a boxcar or a haif-hour
on the back of a balky horse or the
same period with a bicycle on a
newly rocked road would prove of
land, San Leandro and Haywards Electric
Railroad yesterday. According to the
verdict, death was due to internal in
juries caused by being struck by the car
In question, and was the result of an
unavoidable accident.
ST. MARYS DEFEAT THE 0. H. b.
I Snappy Game on the College Cam
pus — One Accident.
IAKLAND, Oct. B.— There was a pnap
gurr.e of football played this afternoon
ween the St. Mary's College and Oak
d High School elevens on St. Mary's
liege campus, but the St. Marys were
a bit too heavy for the High School boys.
The score was 10 to 9, the St. Marys
scoring in each half. At the call of time
In the second half they had the ball with
in twenty yards of the Oakland goal.
The one disagreeable feature of the
day's play was the serious injury of Fred
Shuey of the. High School eleven. Shuey
was running with th>- ball; another play
er was after him. In some manner his
■Tame tangled and he fell upon his
It leg, breaking the bone in three
es above the ankle. He was Unmedl
v removed to the Receiving Hospital.
' injured young map is a nephew of
in Epileptic AttempTaTSuicide.
iKLAND, Oct. B.— J. J. Obregan. a
iding at 1118 ThTrd street, while
. stat^ of acute epilepsy, thia after
bed himself in the left breast,
ently with suicidal intent. He punc
d himself quite badly In the right
c, but not deep enough, and was
ted at the Receiving Hospital. To
• ( »t->r>-i r .-in stated that he did
know be had stabbed himself.
Killed by an Explosion.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— Axel Norl, one of
the four men injured by the explosion at
the TiKla coal mine a few days ago, died
this morning. Deceased was a native of
Sweden, aged 33 years. Coroner Baldwin
will hold an inquest at Uvermore next
i Monday morning.
Alameda Board of Health.
AL.AMEDA, Oct. B.— The Board of
Health was to have met last evening in
\ regular session, but no quorum was pres
l ent and so the session was held to-day
instead. Only the regular routine busi
ness-was transacted. The health officer's
report showed that there had been sixteen
deaths and twenty-one births during Sep
tember, and that there had been fifteen
cases of contagious diseases, one each of
scarlet fever and diphtheria, and the oth
ers of minor diseases.
Death of Mrs. Applegate.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 8. — Mrs. Kate Louise
Applegate died last night at her home,
1417 Santa Clara avenue. She was 75 years
of age. A peculiar coincidence is that she
was the mother of J. H. Applegate. a
well known resident of this city, who died
on October 6 last and was burled on th,e
10th. Mrs. Applepate's funeral will also
be held on th* 10th. The burial will be at
Laurel Hill, Kan Francisco.
Recreation Club Handball.
ALAMKDA, Oct. 8,-Annib-r name in
the series of the handball tournament of
the- Recreation Club was played last even
ing in the presence of a goodly number
of Interested spectators. The first r.ame
was between Stubbs and Brewer, Innes
and Grubb«, and was won by the latter
by a score of »i to 50. The second ga.mn
waa between Goggin and Masten anJ
Lamb and Walker. It was won by the
first named by a score of 51 to 3fi. The
match will be continued on Monl iy,
Wednesday and Friday of next week.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Oct. B.— C. G. lKbney of
2219 Santa Clara avenue, son of the well
< known Captain Debney, has returned
i after four years' absence in the Klon
dike. He has made money there and will
return in the spring.
The Red Crosß gives notice that ladles
' v,-h(i are willing to sew for the soldiers
1 are wanted at their rooms on Park street
on Monday afternoon.
The Political Equality Club will meet
on Monday at 3 p. m. at 1725 Alamcda
avenue.
Frank R. Greenros died last evening at
1126 Pease street at the age of 37 years.
lie was a native of Finland and had lived
in this city four years.
A choral society will be organized in
i this city under the direction of Professor
W, B. Bartlett. Popular operas will be
given during the coming season.
The Encinal Recreation Club is arrangr-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
groat benefit to Mr. Schilling's dl
gostion. None of these recom
mendations appealed to Mr. Scml
ling's idea of what was acceptable,
so he and Dr. Woolsey started in to
invent a shaking machine. They
succeeded admirably, and in Mr.
Schilling's garden there Is now one
of the best liver and Reart regulat
ors that I ever heard of. It looks
like a box on the top of which is
a platform covered with a leather
mat. Alongside this tricky box is a
gauge, by which you can set the
electricity and regulate the amount
of the shake. The other afternoon
I was there and was invited to take
a shake. I mounted the box bravely
and Mr. Schilling set the gauge.
"No man yet born can describe
what followed. An earthquake is
nothing by comparison. That
platform can shake enough
to reduce a man to dust.
I understand Mr. Schilling is
losing a little flesh by taking a dally
shake before breakfast. I shall not
wonder in the near future if I hear
that Mr. Schilling has disappeared —
been literally shnken out of sight.
There is no doubt it is a great ma
chine. You start very gently, and
it reminds you of the sensation of
being kicked downstairs. Turn on a
little more electricity and you think
of a violent railroad collision; turn
the dial still farther around and you
don't think at all. But put the ma
chine at full speed and it is— it is—"
and the Mayor coughed.
The shaker works by electricity,
and the motion— or commotion — is
produced by a series of wheels of
different diameter and different
shakes rattling underneath the plat
form. The victim i« at n<> tim'>
shaken more than two inches in one
direction, but the feeling is such
that he thinks he is being tossed
around frfim one side of the street
to the other.
"No on* needs to be told that it
shakes up a man's system," says
the Mayor. "It shakes up his every
thing "and makes his blood run
around till he loses track of it. I
tell you that there are more un
pleasant things in the world than
being given the shake by a friend,
and one of them is the shake that
Mr. Schilling- gave me."
Ing to give a series of promenade concerts
on the second Friday evening of each
month during the winter st-nson. The
first one will be given Friday evening
next.
. ♦ ■
BERKELEY WINS THE GAME.
University of California and Wash
ington Volunteers Line Up
the College Campus.
BERKELEY, Oct. B.— The college team
of the University of California and a
team from the Washington volunteers
faced each other tills morning upon the
college football field. Unfortunately the
rain had completely spoiled the ground.
Playing went on in an inch or two of
mud. The army men showed up in good
form against their opponents, the differ
ence in weight being largely in their
favor. They failed, however, to carry on
a strong aggressive game, and as a result
the ball most of the time was in their
own territory. During the first half
Berkeley managed to get the ball over
the line once, but after that no points
were made. The game at the close stood
s—(i5 — (i in Berkeley's favor.
The linup of the two teams was as
follows:
University CaJ. Positions. Volunteers.
Grelaberg Center Kohl
Hooper Right guard Dlxon
Athearn Loft guard Kohl
Pringle Right tackle Barker
Cornish.... Left tackle Broughton
Craig Right end ; Painter
Whipple Left end Proudfoot
Thane Right half Gammln
"Hal i Left half Wat te
Kaarsburg Fullback SlcJDougal
Death of a Pioneer.
BERKELEY, Oct. B.— Henry A. Nelson,
an old schoolteacher and pioneer, passed
away last night at his home on the cor
ner of Cedar and Walnut streets, North
Berkeley. The deceased had been a resi
dent of this State for over forty years,
and during that time had been closely
Identified with its educational interests.
He taught in Stockton for twenty years
before coming to Berkeley, and while here
was principal ot the San Pablo school for
a long period. Besides a widow, he leaves
two sons and two daughters— Mrs. L. C.
Blossom of Stockton. Mrs. A. J. Vellaln of
Redwood City, Archie Nelson of Alameda
and Elmer Nelson of Berkeley. The fu
neral will be held to-morrow morning at
7 o'clock. The body will be taken to
Stockton for interment.
FBISCO VS. SANTA CRUZ.
They Will Play To-Day at Recreation
Park.
To-day at 2:15 p. m. the Frlscos and
Sand Crabs will meet and - struggle for
first honors. The contest will undoubted
ly be a good one, for the Friscos, with
their latest acquisition, are bound to
make a great showing. Iberg will be
pitted against Borchers, and these two
will make things pretty warm. The line
up follows:
Santa Cruz. ■ Positions. San Francisco.
Borchers Pitcher lberf*
I >aubenbla Catcher Hammond
Fitzgerald ....First base Murphy
Arrelanes. Second base Reilley
Devereux ...Third base Krup
Williams Shortstop Smith
Strelb Left field Croll
Mclntyre Center field .Monahan
Bur^e Right field Dunleavy
Park Music To-Day.
Overture. ' 'Zampa' ' Herold
"A Dervish Chorus" Sebek
Trio an.l quartet from "Attlla" Verdi
"Danse of the Gnats" Ellenbarg
"Musical Tour of Europe" Conradl
Scenes from "Mefistofle Bolto
Duet for piccolos, "The Nightingale and
Thrush
Performed by Messrs. Rodeman and
■ '■■-)■ Paulson.
Paraphrase, "Swept Alice Ben Bolt"; Lux
"Mexican Dance" Chambers
March, "Marsery" . . . : . . .:...... Daniels
The Supreme Court.
The Supreme Court has gone to Los
Angeles, where it will be open for busi
ness to-morrow. The Los Angeles ses
sion will last about two weeks, after
which the court will meet in Sacramento,
convening about the first of next month.
Advances made on furniture and' piano*, : with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
GRAND JURY'S
LABORS ABOUT
TO CONCLUDE
Not Pleased With the
Showing.
SOME SCANDALS OF JUSTICE
ENOBMOUS SUMS PAID TO PETTY
OFFICIALS.
Constables and Justices Alone Tax
Every Registered Voter
One Dollar Per
Head.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
, 908 Broadway, Oct. 8.
The Grand Jury now in office enjoya tne
distinction of having served a longer term
than any other Grand Jury In this county.
The law requires that two grand Juries
shall be drawn each year, and as the pres
ent jury was impaneled December 27, ISS97,
it will soon have to quit, although there
Is a lot of work which It would like to
take up.
For several weeks the members have
been trying to reach a final report, but
matters of importance have always pre- !
vented It. At present they are delving |
Into the affairs of Justices and Constable* !
and some astonishing facts have come to
light. A report of all the costs of Con
stables and Justices in Alameda County
for the last fiscal year shows that these
petty offices cost the county the enormous
sum of J24,38t>, and this, of course, is inde
pendent of the civil business done by
these offices. This large amount repre
sents a tax of $1 per head on every voter
whose name appears in the Great' Regis
ter. The cost of the four departments of
the Superior Court for fhe same period
was $12,477, and some members of the
Grand Jury are outspoken in their opinion
that it is high time some legislative action i
was taken.
And yet, in spite of the great amounts
paid to these petty officials by the county,
there la evidence to show that even the
bail money and fines in some instances are
not turned into the county treasury
Many additional scandals have been laid
before the Grand Jury than those which
have been made public through the issu
ance of indictments and the subsequent
trials. In the Justices' Courts of Oakland
and Hmoklvn Township* especially much
underhanded and criminal work has come i
to light, although great difficulty has been !
experienced In locating the responsibility
for it.
"We are not at all satisfied," said one
of the grand jurors, "with the result of :
our work. We have investigated many ;
Berloua affairs, including the water rate!
scandal; but, somehow or other, we al- (
w.iys stem to be unable to arrive at that
point where we can do, something definite.
we < ;mnot indict people upon hearsay and i
we cannot force witnesses to tell us that '
which they do not care to reveal. Then a
man cannot be tried on anything but what
la In th<» indictment, and if we can put
nothing definite in the indictment the trial
is a farce. It seem* to me that the law
in the case is altogether in favor of sus
pected persons and that the practical
value of the Grand Jury is very small.
There is not one of us but is con- ;
vinced in his own mind that serious
crimes are committed, and we could make
a good guess at the guilty parties; but ;
this we cannot do, and our mouths are
seated, and, altogether, this Grand Jury
business is more tantalizing and unsatis
factory than It is useful." .
The perßonr.el of the present Grand Jury
Is; J C. Estey, D. L. Randolph. W. S.
Kroll M. W. f>ixon. M. W. Wood, J. E.
Crootaß, Joseph Harris, G. B. Daniels, j
J..hn Stewart, J. F. Stoer, F. K. Sh;utu<k
(deceased), Q. A. Chase, Jacob HoecK, ;
Pliny Bartlett, Jeremiah Tyrrell, A- 8.
McDonald, Charles 8. Long, J. B. Polrier.
LIGHT CONTRACT VETOED.
The Mayor Says It Contains Evi
dences of Fraud.
Mayor Phelan yesterday vetoed de
mands on the city treasury aggregating
$24,626, for lighting the streets in August.
His reasons, are set forth in the follow
ing communication, which will be present
ed to the Supervisors next Monday:
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 7-, 1533.
To the Honorable, the Board of Supervisor*
of the City and County of San Francisco — Gen
tlemen: I herewith return to you without my
approval authorizations Nos. 211* and 220 (sec
ond series) and demands on the Treasury cov
ering the same, drawn in favor of the Ban
Francisco Gas and Electric Company for an
aggregate sum of $24,625 06, being the first pay
ment under an alleged contract made and en
tered into between the Board of Supervisors
and the lighting company for two years from
August 1, IMS. The reason for my objection
is ati follows:
The contract Itself was vetoed by me on
August 5 of this year on the ground that there
was a case pending in court to determine the
rights of the Mutual Electric Light Company
which, if determined in favor of the company,
would give the city and the citizens the benefit
of a competitor lor public and private light
ing; saving the city at least $40,000 per year
and the consumers $100,000, and that case, sub
mitted in June last, has not yet been decided.
'The veto was overridden by the votes of nine
members of the Board of Supervisors, includ
ing Supervisor Rottanzi. whose vote was nec
essary in order to override th-; veto, and against
which I protested at the time. There is a
grave question as to his right to vote as a
member of the Board of Supervisors, because
he has accepted and holds a lucrative office
under the United States, as- well as an offlce
of profit under this city and State, which is
inhibited by section JO, article IV of the con
stitution. 1 find this, language In Desty's "Con
stitution of California," page 250: "The ap
pointment to a second incompatible office is
not absolutely void, but the first office Is ipso
facto vacated." (Blencourt vs. Parker, 27
Texas, 655.) ; " V-:.- '. I
As a further objection I desire to point out
that the contract is Illegal, as it should have
been let under the provisions of the act of
March, 1805. That act requires a ten-day publi
cation and posting of a notice inviting propo
sals and limits the power of the city to let a
contract of this kind for more than one year.
The Supervisors in this case gave but five
days' notice and have undertaken to let the
contract for two years.
Furthermore, the specifications prepared by
the Supervisors show internal evidence of a dc
sir* to suppress competition, which is con
trary to the very letter, purpose and intent of
the law. (Santa Rosa Lighting- Company vs.
Woodward, 119 Cal., page 34.) The city Was
subdivided Into districts supplied exclusively
by one company, and from which all other
companies were barred by the refusal of the
board to grant equal privileges t/ competitors,
who made application In good season, as early
an the 10th day of last April. Bidders were
called upon to supply both gas and electric
light, whereas there was no possible compe
tition except in the matter of electric light.
When, as in the case of San Francisco, mu
nicipalities do not own their own lighting
plant, the only protection of the city and the
consumers is in the fullest and freest competi
tion. The act of 1595 and the Consolidation act
before it have amply provided for this, but you
have, without legal authority and against what
I believe to be the public Interests. Ignored
them; and, if you have done so with an er
roneous idea* of your powers and duties, this
veto, if It is sustained, will give you. an op
portunity to correct your mistake. Respectfully,
JAMES D, PHELAN, Mayor.
Letter From Dewey.
Early in July the Chamber of Com
merce made Admiral Dewey an honorary
member, an honor only conferred upon
distinguished people and people who have
done something of great benefit for com
merce, fn the destruction of the Spanish
fleet In Manila Bay the admiral became
eligible to membership, and he was noti
fied of the action of the chamber. Yes
terday the following letter was received
from him:
FLAGPHIP OLTMPIA
MANILA, P. 1., gept. 2, ISJB.
E. Scott E«q., secretary of the San Franelsoo
Chamber of Commerce— Dear Kir: I have much
pieaaure In acknowledging the receipt of your
favor of July 25, notifying me of my election
as an honorary member of the Chamber of
Commerce of Ban Francisco, and also the cer
tificate of membership. Will you kindly extend
to the officers and members of the Chamber of
Commerce my best thanks and aseure them
of my highest appreciation of the honor which
they have seen fit to confer upon me. Thanking
you for your trouble in the matter, I am very
sincerely, GEORGE DEWEY.
HERO OF THE BRIDGE.
Charles Emlay Has Saved Twenty-Seven Lit
tle Fishers From Drowning.
OAKLAND, Oct. B.— With the saving from drowning of Roy Syble,
Charles A. Emlay, the Webster-street bridge tender, has rescued twenty
seven people from watery graves. Emlay has only been fourteen months
in h!s present position, but he has made a splendid record. The Webster
street bridge is the favorite resort of children, who fish In the estuary and
quite frequently they fall from the dolphins, and then Emlay's heroic
work is needed In a hurry.
Among those whom he has saved are Frankie Silva, Clarence Ouster,
A. Rnoney. Fred Thomas, Clyde Hamilton, Roy Syble, Clarence Deming
and John Levy. It is a peculiar fact that although he has dived intd the
estuary whenever a child was in danger, not a single parent has ever
Best him a single word of thanks, much less anything more substantial.
••1 wish somebody would tall In some day," said Emlay to-day, "who
would send a/suit of clothes around. I have ruined every suit I have,
and whenever I dress up to go off a few hours, I always hear some one
crying for help. The hardest job I have had was that of Clarence Deming.
Thu boy fell off the furthest dolphin while a strong tide was running,
and I had great difficulty in keeping him up until I could make the foot
of Broadway, which is a long way from the bridge. I once saved John
Levy, who has been bridgetender for seventeen years, and who cannot
.swim. I jump into the estuary every morning, no matter how the
weather is, and no I am always in training to jump when a call comes."
NATIONAL GUARD
OF CALIFORNIA
COMPANIES TO BE MUSTERED IN
AS FAST AS ACCEPTED.
Some Important Legislation Is Pro
posed — The Signal Corps Wants
Field Appliances — Naval
Militiamen to R«port.
The work of reorganizing the two regi
ments of the Second Brigade particularly,
and the other brigades generally, is going
on this time In earnest, and the indica
tions are now that within six weeks the
National Guard of California will make
a respectable showing. Last Wednesday
Governor Budd, commander-lfr-chlef, and
Major General Dickinson, division com
mander, who in the absence of Adjutant
General Barrett, now in Washington, D.
C, comprise the board of location, held a
meeting and it was determined to muster
in without delay, on application, such
bodies of men properly qualified for mili
tary duty in the several brigades as may
make application therefor in proper form
and number, not exceeding the number of
companies in the brigade now in the
volunteer service of the United States.
Preference will be given to localities tha;
have furnished companies now in the voi
unteer service.
It was further determined that all ap
plicants for formation of such new com
panies shall be physically examined ac
cording to the United Slates army stand
ard, to which standard they must con
form as well iae to the laws of the State
and National Guard as to age, residence
and other qualifications.
The men who will offer themselves will
have to comply with the rules determined
upon before their applications shall be
considered with a view to mustering
them in. .
lieutenant Colonel Hansen, surgeon of
the staff of Brigadier General Warfleld,
commanding the Second Brigade, has
brpn detailed to make the physical ex
nminntlnn, of the men who will be pre
sented for the companies of the First and
Fifth regiments of infantry, and it is
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical institute. Fort Wayne, Ind. It
cured bo many men who had battled for
year? against -the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varlco-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy ha.i a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years nf misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that gr«at olas»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy it is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers axe
reauested to write without delay.
probable that he will enter upon the dis
charge of that duty within the next three
or four days. A mustering: officer will
be detailed, but he has not yet been
chosen. The mustering will proceed as
fast as the men are accepted in accord
ance with the suggestion of Major Jan
sen, brigade inspector. Surgeons and
mustering officers for the other brigaded
will shortly be. announced.
At the coming session of the Legis
lature there will be considerable legisla
tion proposed for the advancement of the
Guard and the placing of it on a basis
equal if not superior to any National ]
Guard in' the Union. There will be a
proposition to codify all the laws in re
lation to the Guard #o that it may have
an intelligent text book, the laws of the
several States of the Union being
examined with a view to cull from them
and incorporate in the State laws much
that has been found to be of advantage
in other States.
There will be a proposition to do away !
with the biennial election of officers and I
in lieu thereof men, when -elected, are to
hold during good behavior and : compe
tency and to be retired for age, as in the
regular army. It is argued in favor of
this that the officers will be far more effi
cient than when changed every two years,
as is often the case.
It is proposed to apply for an appropri
ation of about $1000 to secure a field out
fit for the signal corps so that it may
have the same appliances for field work )
that there is for that branch of the ser
vice in the regular army. This will in
clude a wagon with reels of wire for tele
graph service and for telephone service,
gas pipe poles In sections and such ap
paratus as la requisite in the telegraphic
branch of signal work.
An effort will also be made to provide
for the payment of the men when ordered
to a camp of instruction. In the past
men have been ordered to an eight or ten
day camp and the majority of them have,
during that time, had to lose their wages
or salary. It in proposed to have the
Legislature do as is done in Massachu
setts and other States, allow the men $2
per day for every day that they perform
the duties that will be required of them.
At the election for lieutenant of Troop
f ==^^^^^ l^^^J, 1m
A stenographer for a large law firm in Boston had a rather
common experience: "My work," she said, "is very nervous and ex-
acting, and^ I used to leave the office utterly exhausted. At night I
would often have the most horrible dreams, and sometimes wake up in
a cold sweat. Once I found myself sitting bolt upright in bed clutch-
ing the bed clothes frantically with both hands. I became so dis-
heartened that I finally told my employer I must give up my position,
but he laughed, and said he wanted me to stay, and then suggested
that I try his remedy for such troubles. He gave me half a dozen
Ripans Tabules and told me to take one after dinner and another
before going to bed. I did so, and rested better that very night
Now, whenever I feel nervous, I take just one Tabule before retiring
and I sleep right through till morning, and get up thoroughly rested
and ready for business. For a sleep-producer and a auieter of th«
nerves, these Tabules are simply wonderful."
A, held last week. Major Jansen presided.
Lester U. Burnett, first sergeant and
brother of the captain of the troop, was
chosen to nil the vacancy occasioned by
the resignation of Lieutenant Penniman.
At th»> meeting of Companies C and Q
at tlu> Ellts-street armory last week, there
was a great deal of enthusiasm at the
prospect of reorganization. Business was
transacted with much more spirit than,
has been noticed since the departure of
the First Regiment for the front. These
two companies have filed applications to
be admitted under the new order of
things.
Captain L. H. Turner, commanding: the
naval militia, is < enrtned to his home by
an attack of fever and during his absence
Lieutenant C. C. Dennis is In command.
H. B. Underfill] Jr., paymaster of the
naval militia, in absent from the city
visiting at Salt Lake City.
An order will be issued this week to all
men who were in the auxiliary navy to
return to their respective divisions by tha
time their leave of absence- shall have ex
pired. That will be with the close of the
current month.
CRICKET MATCH OFF.
All-Comers Will Not Play Banks and
Insurance Men at Alameda
To-Day.
The third match of the season, which
was to have been played on the Webster
street ground at Alameda to-day be
tween banks and insurance men and all
comers, •will not take place. R.
B. Hogue, captain of the all-comers'
team, has been seriously indisposed dur
ing 1 the week and is still too weak to be
able to play cricket. J. H. Harbour, J.
McLean, A. Price and T. W. G. Wallace
being also not desirous of playing, the
match has been called off.
It is possible that the game may be
played next Sunday, which is an open
date on the schedule of the California
Cricket Association, but the Interest in
the sport seems to have waned so much
that this is hardly likely. The visit of the
Citrus Colony team from Placer County
will revive the crickecerj' enthusiasm for
a few days, as the Placer County men
are strong-" players and the representatives
of the clubs round San Francisco will ba
anxious not be defeated on their own
ground. If. ad set-ms likely, the San
Jose cricketers comt- up to this city to
play thilr match against Placer County,
a good town versus county match could
be urraiißfd. With the departure of the
Citrus Colony men for their own homes
cricket for the season of IS9S will be en
tirely over, and nothing more will be
heard of the game until April. 1599.
One More Pioneer Gone.
Death has claimed one more of the old
California pioneers in the person of
James R. Welsh, who for a number of
years was janitor of the old Pioneer
building on Montgomery street. The de
ceased was born ia Aberdeen, Scotland,
teventy-seven years ago and left his na
tive heath when Quite a boy. He ar
ri%ed in California In '49 and, like all of
the pioneers, he tried the mines for a
number of years. Finding but fleeting
luck he came to San Francisco, where he
was a bookkeeper until old age caused
him to retire. On the removal of the of
fice ot the society from Montgomery
street to its present location, he was
placed in charge of th:> old building,
where he remained until about two
months ago, when he was sent to St.
Luke's Hospital. He died there yesterday
from heart trouble.
His funeral will take place from Pioneer
Hall to-morrow forenoon and will be at
tended by the members of the society.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Os%o <s% o£s £a £2% 4Bk 9 «Ksjea && a •
f When the tears of the wife, )
fj the love of the mother, the \
Q pleading- of the sister, the §
{ command of the father, the §
Q helping- hand of the brother, )
I ( and the kind word of friends £
( have all failed, in their turn — $
( send Him to the Keeley Inati- §
: ( tute and let him be CURED— &
( never to drink again. &
j Write for Information. B
6 ft
2 THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. 9
U 1170 Market St., San Francisco, D
| #1 Donohoe Building. X
I «j 232 North Main Street, Los Angeles V
A Fred A. Pollock, Manager.
•JoAS^k^i. " NO Q UACK s«"
<36J«g(<\S»J$sJV«»*^W> A good Electric Belt
>m^ii^*^v&n^will cure WITHOUT
fSfa^^T^Vv^T'^.'.EDICINE. Buy no
K^aiiLj"' ■'•■-* i_-4s==ffll' " lt- tiU yoa Bee "^- >r -
T32WF^!??SfrftriKß: I'ieree's." Book free.
rt^^iiJjiy-SSsi-' T - Call or address,
7*l/ST'*K\~J---'fi- PIERCE ELECTRIC
s*C4f' ■! ' CO.. 620 MARKET
$V/j STREET, opp. Palac* Hotel,
Mention r«* Ban Francisco.
this paper.
Q Visit OR. JORDAN'S Great
gSSm Museum of Anatomy
Ipf^l ICSI UASXi; ST. let Sti * 7th, 8. T. C»L
Own Tke L "S««« of l«s Wad in U>» W»rM.
i^mA DR, JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I RwSW JL Consultatton trf. Urite for iSook
v\ I of Marriage
a £ mailed rite
1516
RAILROAD
MONOPOLY
AT AN END
North German Lloyds
and Santa Fe System
Join Hands.
Competition on a Vast Scale As
sured by the Valley Road
and Steamship Con
nections.
Lrfsadlng men of California who are In a
position to acquire Inside Intelligence re
garding- certain enterprises for the exten
sion of the commerce of the Pacific Coast
assert that arrangements have been per*
fected between the North German Lloyus
Steamship Company and the Atchison, To
peka and Santa Fe system of. railways for
a through line by rail and steamer from j
New York via San Francisco to Japan j
and China, This steamship company, one j
of the largest In the world, has long con- j
texnplated the establishment of new lines
on the Pacific, but owing to the lack of
desirable railway connections at San
Francisco, wus not in shape to compete
•with the O. and O. and Pacific Mail lines,
■which are controlled by the Southern Pa
cific.
The extension of the VaJley road from
Bakersfleld to Los Angeles will give a
through line independent of the Southern
Pacific system from New York to San
Francises. If the information imparted
to The Call be correct, the enterprise of
the North German Lloyds St«unship
Company and the Santa Fe system will
rive the finishing stroke to the monopoly
of the Southern Pacific.
Last Thursday evening Herman Oel
richs left this city for Bremen. Dr. Wie
gand, the managing director of the Ger
JOINED THE
THEATRICAL
SYNDICATE
Friedlander, Gottlob &
Co. Now Members.
WILL GET BETTER SHOWS
THE REASON GIVEN FOR THE
AFFILIATION.
The Big Combination of Theaters
Now Stretches From New York
Across the Continent to
San Francisco.
The great theatrical syndicate which
Ftretchts its tentacles from the far East
to. the far West has at last reached thi3
city. A few days ago Friedlander, Gott
lob & Co., the theatrical purveyors of
this city, with leases on the Columbia,
Baldwin and California theaters, joined
the great combination of the East.
It seems as if the syndicate were to em
brace every theater in the country. At
present there are only two theatrical com
panies in the country that have refused
to come within the charmed circle. The
latest addition of note is the local cor
poration which controls the three princi
pal theaters of San Francisco.
In regard to this new action on the part
of Friedlander, Gottlob & Co., Jake Gott
lob said yesterday: "The public of San
Francisco will be benefited greatly by our
affiliation with the gTeat Theatrical" syn
dicate. We thereby are enabled to fur
nish the best shows in the country, some
thing which we heretofore could not ac
complish without the greatest labor and
doubt. The syndicate, so far as we are
concerned, is not in the nature of a mo
nopoly. "We are members, and we rely
AX>VEBTISEMEKTTS.
BABYIAW ALL OVER
Crusts Came Off with Clothes.
Suffered Terribly. Tried
Everything without Avail.
CURED BY CUTICURA IN 3 WEEKS
My little sister (Annie Matthews, La Plata,
Charles County, Md.) had the cow-pox from
Tacci nation, when only seven years old. She
suffered terribly, and everything that we tried
did not seem to do any good. Every time her
mother would take her clothes off, erery bit
of scab would come with them, and she was
raw all over. A friend told mother about Ctr-
tkxra Remedies, and she got one box of
rcnci'KA (ointment) and a cake of Ccti-
clka iiOAf, and thov cured her in three weeks.
Mrs. ERIZA ROVE,
Feb. 23,96. 1219 Fourth St., X. W. Wash. D. C.
BABY BOY'S HUMOR CURED
When my boy was three week* old, I noticed
» roughness on his face, and it was Tery red.
We had several doctors for it, but they did no
good. I was told to try Cuticcra Rkmedu.^,
and after using one box and a half of Cuti-
ctba. (ointment) and Ccticura Soap, he it
entirely cured. Mrs. W. O. LOVE,
Feb. 26, "98. 1913 Wilder St., Phila., Pa.
MILK CRUST ON BABY CURED
Whnn our baby boy was three months oIU,
he had tho milk-crust very badly on his head,
so that all the hair came out and itched bo
bad, he made it bleed by scratching it. I got
a cake of Cctihea Soaf, and a box of Ccti-
ccra (ointment). 1 applied the Cuticuka and
put a thin cap on his Dead, and before I had
ured Haifa box it yax entirely cured, and his
hair commenced to prow out nicely.
Feb. 24, '98. Mrs. H. P. HOLMES, Ashland, Or.
CrncritA Rzkfmks haTo effected the moet wonder-
M curea of torturing, dinfignricK. humiliating akin and
acalp humor* of lnfacti and children, erer recorded. No
statement ii made regarding them that ii not justified
by the ttrongett evidence. They are the nmt apeed.T,
economical, and ir.fuilible iklo curei, blood puriSert, and
humnr remedies of modem tirnci.
RLEir TIB. SKiS-TOBTCKED BAITIS AKD RIST TOE
Tiked Mothers in a warm bath with CcTicrfiti BOat,
»u<l a tinjle application of Ci'Ticvba [ointment], greateal
of emollient* and akin curea.
Thit treatment will give ioitant relief, permit rettfor
parent and >teep for child, and point to a apeedjr, perma-
nent, and economical cure of the moat torturing, dltfig-
oring, and humiltrting of itching, burning, bleeding,
acaly, pimply, and cnuted akin and scalp humors with
loat of hair, when all elae ftatla.
Soldihroughont the world. Porrcx D«co An> Cnrw.
Corp-, bole Propt., Boston.
W " Bo* w Cor* Baby'a TortßrtncJtciema," frta.
man steamship line, left here about tho
same time for the Orient via Victoria. It
is said that Mr. Oelrichs has been devot
ing his time In San Francisco for several
months in aid of the new enterprise. The
decision to extend the Valley road re
moved the last obstacle to the consum
mation of the gTeat plan of competition.
Many persons supposed that Mr. Oelrichs
was giving his time chiefly to the inci
dental affairs of life, but now it transpires
that his prolonged pojourn on the Pacific
Coast had a motive which was not ex
plained to the public,. He will return from
Bremen within five weeks.
The buildlns of the Valley road from
Stockton to Bakersileld emancipated the
merchants and farmers of the great San
Joaquin region from the tyranny of the
Southern Pacific. It is not an idle asser
tion to say that the construction of this
competing line did more to relieve the
industrial depression in California than all
the political speeches ever uttered by the
anti-railroad agitators. A through lino
from New York to San Francisco connect
ing at the initial ami terminal points
with an independent line of steamships
will afford the benefits of competition on
j land and sea and give to San Francisco
'• every advantage of commerce that is now
I possessed by Kew York.
for our shows upon the management
which has under itn control the very best
cards in this country. In order to insure
the booking of the desirable productions,
we entered into the syndicate. Formerly,
when we attempted to bonk a show of the
syndicate it was witli many misgivings
and with almost prohibitive labor that
we were able to accomplish our ends.
STANFORD IS VICTORIOUS.
The College Men Go Through and Around the Line of the Olympic Football Team
for Four Touchdowns.
Stanford 23, Olympic O.
THE second gridiron battle of the sea
son proved very poor football, with
a score that must make the Olympics
wince and the Stanford men not too
jubilant, although they heaped up a hill
of 23 points. The Olympics were woe
fully debilitated and Stanford was not
abnormally strong. It was not on account
of the very fine playinsr of the college
men, but the very poor work of the club
men.
Were It not for the rows of slouch hat
ted soldiers who filled tne bleachers on
the soutli side of the Held there would
have been a very small crowd to watch
the game yesterday. To them it was a
holiday, and the opportunities to shout
were not lost. Murphy took the fancy of
the bluecoats, and his splendid runs from
one end of the field to the other provoked
the wildest of war whoops from the
bleachers. Burmeister, the cardinal full
back, encircled by a halo of bright red
hair that is a perfect match in shade to
Manager Prltchard's carmine locks, was
the new man of the day, and he showed
up in thoroughly good style. His line
bucking was of the right sort, and his
dash and quickness of getting Into the
play will make him a strong back before
the season is over. Parker and Smith of
Stanford played a steady and gingery
game on the ends. Nothing much can be
said of the Olympics' playing, if nil nisi
bonum is followed as a motto of elocu
tion. They seemed not *n realize that a
football game was in progress. Stanford
went through their line at will for gains
of all denominations and circled the ends,
particularly the right, for stretches of
territory that would make even a Gov
ernment surveyor shake with palsy In
their measurement.
The game began its eccentric career
when Murphy kicked off deep into the
Olympic field. De Ballister, with the ball
dangerously near his own po^ts, fumbled
the pigskin and Smith of Stanford assim
ilated it. Stanford then had but ten yards
to cover for a touchdown, which they
failed to do, however, for when Burmeis
ter was pushed across J:he line Code of
the Olympics appropriated the ball and
all the cardinal got for its pains was a
touchback— a point of honor without any
score. Then the ball was taken out to
the 25-yard line and Weldan kicked to
Murphy, who returned vie compliment.
The Olympic? relied on another kick after
futile attempts to buck the college line.
Murphy tucked the sphere away under
his arms and made one- of his startling
runs. Stanford worked the ball within a
good range for a field goal, which Murphy
tried and missed. Another kick from the
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
"The syndicate is now composed of
Klaw & Erlanger, Charles Frohman,
Nixon & Zimmerman of Philadelphia,
Washington and Baltimore; Rich &
Harris of Boston and Prledlander, Gottlob
& Co. of San Francisco. Our booking will
be done by Klaw & Erlanger, just as it
has been done in the past year. There is
really no difference in the management
and regulation of things since the new
change. We have been dependent upon
the courtesy of Klaw & Erlanger, and
now they will be obliged to look out for
the Interests of the new member, it is
no different than if we paid them a com
mission for booking. The gain is that
we will have the best of everything that
comes along, and the public will see bet
ter shows. There will be no conP.icts
under the new order of things, such as a
comedy at the Baldwin against a comedy
at the Columbia, or a tragedy against a
tragedy. That will all be obviated as the
big companies which the syndicate con
trols will all be placed so that ava;ety
is obtained, and not conflicting cards of
the same general nature."
VAMPIRES PRACTICE.
The Vampire Association football play
ers met yesterday afternoon on the Gold
en Gate ground for the first practice
game of the season. Only ten men put
in an appearance, among them being G.
T. S. White, captain; J. J. R. Peel, C. P.
Coles, H. Punnett. H. W. Dye, J. D. Rob
ertson, J. McGaw and W. G. Selwood.
After some kicking and running, sides
■were formed and there were two ten
minutes halves of play. Most of the
players, while in fair physical condition,
found the exertion somewhat trying, but
a few weeks' practice will make the
work comparatively easy. Next Satur
day the Vampires play the first match
of "the season at the Presidio against a
team of regulars and volunteers.
The Vampires will play regularly on
the ground at Golden Gate, upon which
goal posts have been set up, the limits
being marked by flags. During the sea
son matches will be played with teams
from Oakland, the Presidio, Keswick and
Placer County. It is proposed to play
at Keswick on Thanksgiving day, and to
have a return match against the Keswlek
team on Washington's birthday. Two or
thiee times during the season matches
will be aranged between the Vampires
and teams of apprentices from British
ships In the harbor.
. ♦ «
TROOPS LEAVING ON FURLOUGH
Many Officers and Soldiers Being
Mustered Out.
Numbers of the volunteers are now
leaving the army on furlough and will
soon return home to rejoin their
friends. They will naturally wish to
present a good appearance to their rel
atives, wives and sweethearts, and
they could not do better than pay a
visit before leaving here to Charles
Lyons, the celebrated London tailor.
Lyons has the largest stores and car
ries the largest stock of fine cloths in
the city.
He makes clothes to order at all
prices and has an immense assortment
of suitingrs, from $lv 50, to order. Lyons'
main store and wholesale warehouse is
at 721 Market street, and he has an
other store at 302 Kearny, corner of
Bush. *
Rate Fixed to Decoto.
The Southern Pacific has announced a
round-trip rate of 75 cents to Decoto on
Wednesday next, the day of the Masonic
Home dedication. The half rate is tlxed
at 40 cents. Tickets will be pood only on
the 9, 10 and 11 o'clock trains.
2"<-yard line and another run for Murphy,
which was followed by a rataplan of
bucks and end runs of tne cardinal team
until Fisher scored the first blood of the
day. Murphy kicked a goal and the score
was 6 to 0. The first half lusted a few
minutes after this and then the whistle
blew.
The second half showed prettier pic
tures of football than the first, albeit the
play was of the most ragged order. Ers
k!ne kioked off for twenty-five yards to
the Stanford twenty-yard line and James
brought the ball up a pace when Fisher
Sizzled along for too many flve-yard
Bpaces to rount. Then Burmeister and
Dole and Fisher again shot through and
around the Olympic line and Dole scored
the second touchdown. Murphy failed at
goal and so the game progressed until
everybody on the Stanford team was
hopeful of scoring a touchdown. Murphy
broke <>ut of a bunch, crossed the field
fur about seventy-five yards, unhindered,
and scored the third touchdown, which he
polished off with a goal. "When the fourth
touchdown was added to the Stanford
score the game looked a little one-sided
and the awful tension that was noticeable
during the earlier part of the play disap
peared suddenly. It was a tension that
usually means murder in Oklahoma.
The Olympic team was weaker than
Di.it of last week and the Stanford eleven
waa a fairly strong one for this time of
the season. The Palo Alto men have not
trained as long as California and their
team work is not Quite so - well formed
as that of the men from across the bay.
The officials were: Umpire, Cochran;
referee. Harrison and Sherman; linesmen,
H. P. Taylor, Plate.
The lineup was as follows:
Stanford. Positions. Olympics.
Sniith and McFad
den L— End— R. . McNutt- Atknson
lUmh and Emer-
son tr— Tackle— R Erskine
James I, — ( — R Sheehy
Blpelow Center Bander
Blanchard R— Guard— Hoag;
Wilson Tackle— L. Sextn-Hamiltn
Parker R— End— L McClalne
Murphy Quarter Code
Pole and Hill L— Half— R Kin* and Wilson
Fisher R-Half-L,. Balllster-McNevln
Burmeister .Fullback Weldon
•
STANFORD FRESHMEN WIN.
They Score a Touchdown and a Safety
Against Lowell High School
Eleven.
Stanford's freshman team, spick and
span, journeyed from Palo Alto yesterday
morning and signalized their first appear
ance on a local gridiron by defeating the
Lowell High School's representatives by
a score of 8 to 0.
TO MT. OLIVET CEMETERY.
Handsome Car Run From the Lines of the San
Francisco and San Mateo Railwau to the
New Burial Ground,
THE first car to be put in operation between the line of the San Fran
cisco and San Mateo electric railway and Mount Olivet Cemetery
passed over the rails yesterday. It is of Pullman color, trimmed and
lettered in g-old. A number or railroad and cemetery directors were
aboard for the trial trip, which extended from the junction of Market
and Steuart streets over the additional 2500 feet of new sidetrack to the
entrance of the cemetery. The party was composed of: James T. Boyd,
George L Center, A. K. Stevens, John V. Hunter, William Warnke, Mr.
Warmbold Mr. McAllister, Samuel Center, John H. Brady, M. C. Waken.
M. C. Waken Jr., George C. Luce, S. W. Powell, George A. Loring, Mr.
McNutt and W. Clayton.
The directors of the Mount Olivet Cemetery say that public favor and
patronage are at last smiling on their efforts to make the new site the
largest and most beautiful burial ground In California. Traveling facili
ties have been, in the past, limited, but the extension of the San Francisco
and San Mateo Electric Company's lines will remove all barriers in this
respect.
SEVENTH LEAVES WEDNESDAY.
The Senator Will Sail With Troops
for Manila This Week.
The Seventh California Regiment will
leave for Los Angeles on Wednesday.
Captain Pratt has everything in readiness
so there is nothing to prevent the regi
ment from going home, unless orders
should come from Washington to keep
it in service; but of this none of the sol
diers are now afraid. The trip will b«
made over the Southern Pacific.
The arrival of the transports A alencia
and Ohio has increased the speculation
among the men as to what tn>. :>s will
go first. No orders have been Issued by
The victory was a hard earned one,
and was witnessed by a large crowd of
students of both sexes, who yelled and
cheered their representatives. The wear
ers of the cardinal played hard fr< m the
kick-off, and although they repeatedly
had the ball in their opponent's territory,
were only able to score one touchdown
and a safety. In the first half Rice, the
young captain of the Palo Alto contin
gent, suffered injuries and reluctantly
left the game. Frisselle and Carson also
succumbed and gave way to substitutes.
Rooney of Lowell and Geissler of Stan
ford distinguished themselves in the ini
tial hall' by long runs. The second half
was a repetition of the first, both teams
playing hard and fast. Symmes kicked
to the five-yard line, and the ball was
run in ten yards. An end run netted
six yards, and Stanford bucked to the
45-yard line, when it lost the ball on
downs. Lowell was given fifteen yards
on off side play, and Stanford again got
the ball on downs. Geissler was given the
ball and went around the left end twice
for gains of fifteen yards. A number of
bucks brought the pigskin to Lowell's
45-yard line, when it was lost on downs.
Lowell advanced the ball a few yards on
the first play, and then Hooper kicked
into Stanford's territory. Geissler, who
was playing fullback, ran through his
field to Lowell's ten-yard line before
being tackled. Downing was then pushed
over for a touchdown. Geisslor kicked
a pretty goal from near the side lines.
When time was called the ball was in the
center of the field.
The most notable work of the Low
ell team was performed by Symmes,
the right tackle. He repeatedly brok3
through Stanford's line and nailed his
man in his tracks. His tackling nnd
kicking was noticeable. Rooney and Kidd
also did good work. Ellenwood was a
trifle weak at left end, many gains being
made around him. Qeiasler, Downing and
Rudolpne were the cardinal's stars.
Following is the way the teams faced
each other:
Stanford. Positions. Lowell 11. S.
Sells L. E. X Olewell
Downing L. T. tt Bymmes
Gage L. O. R Cook (Capt.)
Beedy Center Kldd
Calms R. G. L Irving
Bard R. T. L Mlddleton
Rice (Capt.), Cone. R. E. L Ellenwood
Cooper Quarter Saundera
Geissler L. H. R Robinson.
Frisselle or Ru
dolphe H. H. L. Rooney
Carson Full Hooper
Average weight, 152. Average weight, 145.
Score: Stanford. 8; Lowell. 0. Safety, 2;
Touchdown. Downing; goal kicked by Geissler;
25-mlnute halves. Umpire — O'Connor. Referee
— iiaton. Lineemea— Heldenfeldt. and Sawyer.
General Merriam assigning any of the
troops to the Senator. It is now certain
that the Third Battalion of the Twenty
third Infantry and the Oregon recruits
will not go on her. Two battalions from
one of the other regiments, yet to be
selected, will be sent on the Senator.
This transport will probably get away by
Saturday, and possibly before. The Ohio
and Valencia will be ready to sail in ten
days. The Indiana and Newport should
b<^ here any day. On these live vessels
over half of the troops to go can be got
away.
Captain F. E. Buchan, of the Twentieth
Kansas Reglnvr-nt. has bren assigned to
duty by General Miller with the Oregon
r< cruita now attached to the Third Bat
talion of the Twenty-third Infantry.
The battalion of California Heavy Ar
tillery will leave on Tuesday for a four
days practice march under Major Rice.
Tt will go to Stanford and return on Sat
urday.
Took a Soldier's Revolver.
George Ryan, a painter, was arrested
on Mason street Friday night for carry-
Ins a concealed weapon. It was a big re
volver over a foot long. Ryan told Judge
Conlan yesterday that he took the revol
ver from a Tennessee soldier, as the sol
dier threatened to use it upon his scaip,
and had just walked away a few steps
when he was arrested. The Judge con
tinued the case until to-morrow, and ad
vised Ryan to bring all the witnesses ho
could as to the truth of his statement.
Stabbed in the Back.
James Kenney, a teamster, enpaged In
a row with the boy who has charge of
the elevator in the Emporium yesterday
afternoon and was stabbed three times
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SILKS]
We need more room in our silk department
and will dispose of all our last season's silks
to make room for the new. The silks are just
as appropriate for now as last season, and ob-
serve what a saving there is.
The values given at our former silk sales
will surely be remembered by silk buyers.
Black silk, Colored gros grain
brocades, figured and bayadere, f or street wear; 19 inches wide;
20 inches wide, worth 7<;c and always sold for 75c and 85c.
85c.
Colored silks Colored grenadines
brocades,f bayaderes; brocades and stripes, pure silk;
20 inches wide: actual value •24 inches wide; sold regularly
85c, $1 and $1.15. for $1 and $1.25.
Figured and plain silk crepons
for evening wear; 24 inches wide; 75c and 85c value.
Sale begins Monday at eight o'clock; every
yard of these elegant silks will be sold for
50 c
Closing Out Silver
PORKS and SPOONS
Our sterling silver novelties have made such a success that we
are not going to spare room and time for forks and spoons, so will
close out the whole stock of these sterling silver goods at reduced
prices. Remember, Christmas is not very far off.
Regular Closing out Regular Closing out
price price, each pr i price, each
Saltspoons $ .35 .... I .25 Berry forks • .75 .... 9 .55
Coffee spoons 65 45 Pickle forks 1.50 .... 1.20
saltspoons...... .75 50 ?£?«£?•;:;;;;; £» ..;; 1;S
Bouillon spoons . 1.40 .".'..' 1.05 Salad forks 2.25 1.85
Ice cream spoons 1.50 .... 1.20 Pickle forks 2.25 .... 1.85
Orange spoons... ,*, .... 1.20 gSffiJS'.^ fcg m ± 111
Berry spoons .... 400 .... 3.15 Fish forks 6.50 .... 5.25
Silver Sets in Leather Cases
Regular price Closing out
price, each
Salt and pepper shakers, set of 2 pieces and case $5.50 WOO .
Salt and pepper shakers, set of 6 pieces and case 11.50 8.75
Salts and salt spoons, set of 24 pieces and case . 26.00 .... . .. 19.50
Coffee spoons, set of 12 pieces and ense 21.00 .... 15.50
Boallion spoons, set of 12 pieces and. case 24.00 .'." 18.00
Oyster forks, set of 12 pieces and case 23.75 17.78
Salts and salt spoons, set of 24 pieces and case 21.75 18.25
Also some mugs, mush bowls, crumb scrapers and cream sets at one-third
below regular prices. '•
Goods now on display in our windows.
■ '■,■ 125 to 131 Kearny St.
; ADVERTISEMENTS. . .
CLOTH
DEPARTMENT!
Our FALL IMPORTATION of NEW
CLOTHS is now complete, and we call
particular attention to the following lines,
which are exceedingly good value.
52-INCH FRENCH AMAZON <£O Kfi' „ .
CLOTH %pZimD\J Yard.
52-INCH FRENCH BROAD- &A H C § J
CLOTH %p±m(D Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH MELTON <JM OK __ .
CLOTH <J)l.^O Yard.
54-INCH ENGLISH LEATHER G>4 (\f\ „
CLOTH «J>I«UU Yard.
54-INCH AMERICAN LADIES' 7C n
CLOTH IOC Yard.
■ ■ -
All of tbe above cloths we are showing in the very latest
SHADES AND MIXTURES.
We also have a splendid assortment of ENGLISH COV-
ERT CLOTHS AND VENETIANS; GOLF, KERSEY OND
BOURETTE CLOAKJNGS, and a complete assortment of
27-INCH ENGLISH CORDUROYS.
DRAPERY DEPARTMENT.
We have received this week a full line of NEW
GOODS for this department, Including PLAIN AND
PRINTED ART DENIMS, PLAIN AND PRINTED ART
TICKINGS, HUNGARIAN CLOTHS, DRAPERY SATEENS,
DRAPERY SILKS, TAPESTRIES AND PLAIN AND
PRINTED SILKOLINES.
TBLjBPHONB C3-K,^LISrT 134.
111, 113. 115. 117. 119. 121 POST STREET.
in the back. Kenney was taken to the
Receiving Hospital, where his wounds,
which are not serious, were dressed. Up
to a late hour last night his assailant
had not been arrested.
iB§SSS2SSSSS2c3SS£BSBSc3o?BSS2BBa
28 CASH OR LITTIiE-AT-A-TIMB. &
S3 «
1 RECLINING CHAIRS I
»' Special Next Week $8.50. »
c . Large, roomy, massive, hand-
*3 some and comfortable. Ma- *3
o* hogany, fitted with corduroy o*
cushions, brass fittings. *°
® You, your friends and your
& purse will like it. 2S
« J. NOON Is
SS Complete House-Furnisher, 85
82 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., SS
28 Above Sixth. jj
£3 'Phone South 14. Open Evenings, o£
8i SS S3 SS S3 %!•!.?;% MS 58 Si S2 ft 8 8
SPECTAaES&EYE GLASSES
A((JRATFLY fITTED BY
*s EXPERT OPTIQ»ANS
AT MODERATE PR'CES.
OPTICIANS And^^photogJapwc/
642 MARKET ST. sUpai£5 *'
vhOl*. CMnor»iCLE BUILDING.
000000000000000000
S w PALACE wj
ZGRAND hotels o
_ SA/V FRAMCISCO. 5?
*f Connected by a covered passageway. **
P 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. 01
O All Under One Management. Q
O IIOTE THE PRICES: ft
D European Plan. .oo per day »nd upward «L
V American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward 01
0 Correspondence Solicited. q
q JOHN 0. KIHKPATRICK, Managor. 1
go oqooooooooqoqo O S
fjfa Galehester'a EasUaa Qlamoad BranA.
FENNYROVAL PILLS
ENNYRQYAL PILLS
P -<Si^X. Original and Only Genuine. a
y^/^ «Vs\ •* rc - »l"»y» r«U»bl«. ladies uk
A(f V-l^Sw. D ™*?'»« for CT»:cA«fer « Sngluh Dia-jSh^
CmjjfrQj&mmTßraZl in Red and Gold meUllioViStf
Ta^ — -?6*2l>oxe», «e«led with blue rihbop. T«ke\a^
Ty? "S l^ s(iJ|no Other. Reftuc dangerout lulttiiu- \r
I / ~ /if «en» on<i BlTor":.B l Tor " : . At Drnggisti, erMnd««.
i«» fS for l^dt^Jn^Ttj'iet^
«\^ /^ Mall. 10,000 T-stimonlßli. ?Soi?
< *^rol«l»be.terCkeialcalCo.,M«4tM«^i m %i
8»:j by »U Local UrnggUU. I B *'*?. « l»XVi»?
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEAK.NY ■ AND WASHINGTON STS —
modeled and renovated. KINO WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to 11 50 day
|6 to $8 week, $8 to *30 month. Free baths- hot
and cold water every room; fire grates la every
room; elevator runs all night. -"»*JOAQUIN MILLER HAS BUILT HIS OWN FUNERAL PYRE
Has Invited His Neighbors to Be Cremated in the Same Place Provided They Do Not Bring Brass Bands and Carriages, The Stone Funeral Pyre is Only One of a Group of
Monuments Intended to Harmonize With the Natural Beauties of the Home Site.
JOAQUIN MILLER has just completed the granite pile which will be
his own funeral pyre. "With a poet's generous heart he has published
to the wide world that the pyre is not designed solely for his own cre
mation, but that any one so desiring may make use of it and have his
ashes scattered to the four winds from the same spot. The only restric
tions to this broad invitation are:
"Don't bring a brass band with the corpse," and "Don't come in car
riages."'
The very pertinent reasons for these restrictions you will find in the ao
panying article.
Those who object to cremation and prefer burial may select a plat and
be comfortably interred. The brass band and carriage restrictions hold
good in the case of burial as in the case of cremation.
It may surprise a few friends of the poet to learn that a woman has
already been cremated on the Heights. Some time ago she expressed a
wish to have her ashes scattered on a funeral pyre there. When she died
in Paris the poet sent for her body anl religiously carried out her wishes.
"To the Unknown" carved on a rock is all that tells her story.
This funeral pyre is only part of a harmonious architectural composi
tion that the Poet of the Sierras has designed to connect his place with the
surrounding beauties of nature. The place is composed of gentle undulat
ing slopes. On the one beyond the monument will rise a pyramid to
Moses. Farther on a tower of Robert Browning. The why and wherefore
of these memorials is lucidly explained below by the poet.
Joaquin Miller has just finished
building- his own funeral pyre. It
stands out a bit of gray stone against
the green of the hills and the blue of
the sky. You forget it now and then
driving up the winding road, forget
everything: save the broad expanse of
the bay and the stately sweep of the
hills of San Francisco, a dazzling pic
ture veiled by the sun-filtered foliage
of the trees that dot the way. But a
n turn in the road and it thrusts
itself into the landscape and projects
itself into your thoughts.
'Twelve years ago," said the driver
to me, "Joaquin Miller bought this
land. There was not a tree, not a
shrub on the place then; bare undulat
iiills, scooped out like the hollow
c hand for the house to nestle in.
Now there are trees and flowers and
□ pasture lands for the cattle. But
even the cows and chickens are eccen
tric: every one says so!" And the
driver pulls up his speech and his
■ s and I alighted.
I found the "'Poet of the Sierras" ly
ing on a bed covered with furs and
Bkins. Three of the four walls of the
room were studded with photographs
and clippings fr.>m pierodicals. /Over
Gen, Fremont naming the Golden Gate from The Heights, JoaqiaM Filler's Home,
From an original painting.
the fourth wall, at either end hung
two faded curtains with an air of past
elegance still clinging to them. Be
side the bed stood a bureau and a chair.
The floor was bare uf covering.
The "Poet of the Sierras" observed
my puzzled look and said: "When I
first bought this place I had a number
of Portuguese at work here- for me. I
built thorn this chapel for their devo
tii.ii:.". Behind those curtains are the
altars where burned the candles to 'Our
Lady.' I use this for my room now.
The cottage on the right there," and he
indicated a structure near by, "I have
given to Nagvuchi. the Japanese poet.
The cottage on the left my daughter
occupies and the little house on the
slope is mother's."
"The monuments?" Joaquin Miller
looks at me under shaggy brows with
a direct gaze. "Yes, I will tell you
a bout them," he says, finally. "But
first, go talk to the flowers and birds
for an hour and then I'll take you up
there. 1 want to finish some work."
On the stroke of the hour he ap
peared. In to his high-top boots he
had tucked his faded blue trousers.
over a gray lianncl shirt was a tan
colored corduroy velvet vest and in
placeof a belt the ends of a crimson
cloth Ha^h ifiaunted proudly in the
breeze, over his back he had thrown
a bear skin and in his hand he carried
a shotgun. From under his big black
slouch hat es.aped his long, light
brown hair streaked with gray. The
long beard and mustache were entirely
■white.
Why the bearskin? Why the gun,
on such a day. in such a place as this 9
I was asking myself when bang-.' :t
squirrel lay dead in the pathway.
The carrying of the gun wag thus
realistically justified. The crimson
taßh, the heavy bearskin flung over
the shoulder, the diamond ring, gift of
an Indian prince, gleaming on a little
finger, these oddities seem to fit the
man ax easily and lightly as his years.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
We walked up the shaded avenue
which skirted the hill to the level spot
where the monument stands.
I call this way the 'Bishop's Path,' "
explained the poet. "After Bishop
Taylor of Africa, who pronounced a
benediction here. After I bought this
place the very first thing I did was to
select the spot for this monument. Then
I sent for mother. She does not like
the idea of cremation so close beside
the monument she has picked out as
the spot for her grave. Hush! These
cedar trees are the sentinels that guard
the way to the pyre. Walk slowly and
solemnly."
I fell Into his measured, funereal
pace without a word. In absolute
silence we reached the monument.
Three steps lead up to it. Near by is
a small bowlder on which, dea^i black
against the ash-colored stone, stand
out the words:
"To the Great Unknown."
The stones of the monument are
square-cut and neatly cemented to
gether. Standing on the highest step
I looked down into the crater-like top
of the monument, where will be piled
the wood to reduce the soulless frames
to ashes.
"And you wish to be cremated here?"
I asked.
Joaquin Miller silently and slowly
pointed out across the waters of the
bay toward the beautiful Golden Gate
gleaming in tl;e far distance.
"Yes, in sight of all this beauty," he
answered. "But it is not for myself
alone that I have built this pyre. All
the people in the wide world are wel
come to have their ashes laid to rest
here. All I ask is that they do not
come in carriages. Let the friends
carry the corpse to the funeral pyre.
A carriage is hard on a live man let
alone a corpse. And there are other
ways to get a man to his grave besides
with a brass band. Dead men need
no carriages; very few living men re
quire them. I do not ask that they
be cremated. there are people who
are averse to cremation they can be
buried on this slope. The Vanderbilts
and Mackeys have built beautiful
tombs for themselves. Why cannot a
poor man build a pyre that is not only
for himself, but all others who wish to
come ?
"When I first bought this place there
was a lady here a friend of mine. She,
too, wished to be cremated on this
spot. Later she went to Paris and died
there. I had her remains brought out
here and quietly burned. Her ashes
lie at the foot of this monument for
it was not then finished."
When asked her name the poet rev
erently removed his hat and silently
pointed to the bowlder.
I read my answer there; "To the
Great Unknown."
From the funeral pyre, a monument
as the poet calls it. we walked to the
apex ' the next hill, where stands the
half-completed pyramid to Moses.
"What suggested this?" I asked.
"The law of eternal harmonies. Note'
the shape of the hill and that of tht
pyramid. See how the contour of tht
one suggests the other. I had to build
the pyramid, for ever since I came here
this pyramid-shaped hill has kept say
ing to me, 'Finish me.' The world will
never know, the world will never admit
how much it owes Moses, so to whom
could I more fittingly dedicate the
pyramid?
"On the topmost peak of all I shall
build a round tower to Robert Brown
ing. His poem 'Childe Roland to the
Dark Tower Came!' suggested the idea
of a round tower.
The Czar's Peace Union and
the Anglo-American Alliance.
LONDON, Oct. i. — Great Britain, the country which has always anc
consistently stood for peace, is the one in which the Czar's peace mani
festo has attracted the least attention, favorably or otherwise. In
Paris the mention of the man whose name two years ago was received with
almost worshipful enthusiasm is now treated with contempt, and the pa
pers everywhere refer to the manifesto as the Czar's encyclical. In Englanc
there is no contempt and likewise no enthusiasm for the Czar's peace pro
gramme. The Peace Society has, of course, received the message with de
light, which it has promptly expressed, but the public men who have given
utterance to an opinion on the subject have been for the most part decid
edly unfavorable to England's participation in any such conference as that
proposed by the Czar.
Sir Charles Dilke is the latest of these to give expression of his views
At his house in Sloane street the other day he presented the matter as fol
lows:
Special to The Sunday Call.
IT has suggested itself to me that
Russia should be the first power
to illustrate her proposed pro
gramme in this Universal Peace
Union. She has the largest stand
ing army in the world; her peace es
tablishment comprises nearly a million
of men; and I confess it is difficult for
"I sent to Paras and had her body brought on here, It was burned on this spot according to her last wishes."
Interview with Joaquin Miller.
"What in the midst lay but the Tower
itself?
The round squat turret, blind as the
fool's heart,
Built of brown stone, without a counter
part
In the whole world. The tempest's mock
ing elf
Points to the shipman thus the unseen
shelf
He sticks on, only when the timbers
start."
Over to the right stands the huge pile
of stones where General Fremont, the
Pathfinder, and his party camped.
From these stones Fremont reviewed
the noble stretch of water lighted by
the setting sun, and so aptly named it
"The Golden Gate." A natural spring
of water gushes from the rocks. Mrs.
Fremont has positively identified this
spot as the camping ground of her hus
band's party. And" now very fittingly
it belongs to the Poet of the Sierras.
He owns likewise the life-size oil paint
ing of Fremont, painted by Jewett in
1852. There was not an inch of canvas
in San Francisco at the time, so a
French linen tablecloth from one of the
steamers was secured. The diamond
shaped squares of the pattern show
plainly through the paint. The picture
By Sir Charles Dilke.
me to understand any necessity for this
overwhelming force. There Is no geo
graphical or military necessity for it,
so far as is apparent. Therefore it
would seem that the empire of the Czar
is in an excellent position to show the
world her new ideas in actual operation.
Yet, almost coincidental with the issu
ing of the manifesto, comes news of
an enlargement of Russian military
was bought by a Callfornian for a big
sum of money. Afterward it drifted
South, where it remained until long
after the late war. Finally it fell' into
the hands of Frank McCoppin, who
gave it to Joaquin Miller.
All this the poet told me to the tink
ling 'accompaniments of the silvery
spring that bubbles forth from the
rocks.
•'Don't say I am building a monu
ment to Fremont," he said. "The good
God built a mighty one when he put
these rocks here. I shall only finish it
up a little and carve a name — that is
all.
"The stones and rocks that I shall
use for the walls, towers and monu
ments would otherwise incumber the
fields and prevent the cattle from hav
ing good grazing ground."
We walked back to the funeral pyre.
"With my own hands," continued the
poet, "1 planted the trees on this place
to cover the nakedness of Mother
Earth. Twelve years ago I put in the
first stone of this monument. I have
still three other monuments to finish,
but this one is ready for me and for
all who choose to Join me.
pl^is which makes the prospect of the
peace programme seem dubious, to say
the least.
But of course If such a suggestion as
this were to be made to the world it is
eminently fitting that Russia should
make it. She is the ally of France,
whereas if the manifesto had come from
Germany, whose attitude has more than
suggested it on several occasions, it
might have appeared as hostile to
France; in other words as a plan to
make France acquiesce in Germany's
permanent possession of Alsace.
Still there is something curious about
the way this peace manifesto came.
The change of front on the part of
Nicholas 11, which It indicates, reminds
one of Lord Salisbury's sudden flop on
the occasion of the Venezuelan dispute
with the United States. It is hardly
four months since the Czar was con
sidering, if not counseling, a directly
opposite idea — that of combining an
enormous increase of Russian naval
forces with an increase of his vast
standing army.
To what occult influences the sud
den change is to be attributed tt Is of
Y»i
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
"I want to rid the world of the hid
eousness of funerals. Why litter the
beautiful face of the earth with grave
yards? With me it shall be a brilliant
blaze, lighting the hillside for a mo
ment and then all will be over.
"Cremation has its economical value.
The cost at the utmost will be $2."
Joaquin Fllller Tells Why Me Built the Pyre.
YOU ask me why the towers, tombs, monuments, etc? Well, In
the first place the old, pretty purpose of making two blades of
grass one and so on. You see the cows and I are together in this.
Then L am perhaps the oldest living advocate in print of crema
tion. As for the little graveyard, I wish to emancipate the poor
from the ghoulish undertaker and costly corporations. Of course
Moses don't need a monument. If he did we might give him one of the
old ones on the Nile. I need a pyramid though to get the stones off the
,— - grass, and I also need a name for it — hence the pyramid of Moses.
As for the "Browning Tower," I liked the man and hop* he will not
be angry- It is such a little tower.
As for the "Fremont," I want to have all this region, Including
Redwood Peak, a park some day, to be called Fremont Park.
Anyhow I have not wasted either time, strength or money, nor
shall I.
The once rough and unsightly ground is worth ever so much more
with the stones gathered up, and then I want to, teach a lesson as I go
along.
This was the ugliest piece of ground you ever set foot upon a dozen
years ago. I a*m going to make it about the prettiest. I have made the
world, at least this portion of it. prettier. I have had pleasant diversion
and many good men have had honest work to do which they might not
have had but for the monuments. Now that is all; only please don't call
my pretty cows eccentric any more. They are honest, good cows, but
they're only cows after all. JOAQUIN MILLER.
course impossible to say. Two causes
suggest themselves, both of which may
be more or less concerned. One of these
is the almost unprecedented influence
of the present Russian Minister of
Finance and his counsels of caution^as
a result of the great drain of the Si
berian railroad on the national treas
ury. The second influence may not im
probably be traced to the disastrous
harvests which have been experienced
in Russia for the past two or three
years.
Were England disposed to accept the
suggestion of disarmament she would
find her position a complicated one. In
the first place there is the Indian army.
It is necessary to maintain depots for I
it in England, and these could not at i
present be decreased. Aside from this,
England's land forces are not large if
we count out those actually engaged |
in campaign duty in Africa, or abso
lutely necessary for garrison work else- j
where.
Were disarmament attempted to be !
extended to naval as well as to land i
forces, there would be many practical j
difficulties in the way. The number, size
and resources of the existing fleets of
all the powers cannot be stereotyped.
Every proposed change offers room for
great conflict of opinion, and this, if
carried into action, might indeed be the
basis for new wars. Therefore, it ap
Then the poet looked calmly down
from the heights and said: "If I could
only rid the world of all this rot — ec
centricity!"
And yet when I passed the people in.
the valley below him, they said: "Even
the poet's cows and chickens are ec
centric!"
pears that any formal agreement ar
rived at by the proposed conference
might be a great — I may even say a
dangerous— mistake. It is not logical
or rational to look for a sudden trans
formation of improvement in the exist
ing status of things from such a the
oretical arrangement. Of course some
decrease of the enormous pressure of
taxes in several of the Continental
countries may be secured by the gen
eral friendly conference of the great
powers; and this, too, might be of value
Incidentally in the way of a better un
derstanding between all the nations,
which would be the prelude of a hap
pier era in the domain of international
relations.
As for England, she has her own
problems to work out. These she is
trying to meet in her own way. Her
situation is considerably different from
that of any of the Continental powers,
and would scarcely be improved by any
agreement into which she could enter
with them. v
Now, touching the Anglo-American
alliance in this connection, that is a
difficult question to answer, because in
Ihe usual understanding of the phrase,
such an alliance presupposes a union
entered into in view of wars or other
dangers, which may menace one or
both parties. This sort of an alli
ance I do not believe to be at all prob
Continued on Page Eighteen.18
WHERE ARC THE ASHES OF CHRISTOPHER COLUMBUS?
RUDOLPH CRONAU, o Member of the American historical Association. Who Has Carefully Investigated the Disputed Question, Declares That the Ashes Removed to Havana and Entombed With Such Great Ceremony; Were
Not, Those of the Great Admiral.
FROM Cuba comes the news that
the Spanish authorities are ore
paring to remove the so-called
remains of Christopher Colum
bus from the cathedral of Ha
vana to Spain. .This acain
awakens interest in that oft-discussed
question, "Where are the remains of
Columbus?"
Two cities. Pan Dominsro and Ha
vana, strenuously assert th^ir p
Bion of the mortal remains of the great
verer of the New World. Hot dis
putes have arisen over the subject, and
at different times it really became an
international affair. Having taken an
active part in this dispute and being
NO. 2— INSCRIPTION UPON THE LOWER SIDE OF THE LID.
th- en and therefore en
tirely disinterested observer who was
ever aliowed a thorough investigation
of th i Columbus reman.
Sun Domingo, 1 may be permitted to
■
L 506, at Vaila
flolid, in Spain. A few days before his
departure he expressed -h*- wish to be
buried in Espanola. the island he loved
most. Before this wish could be ful
filled many years passed by. San Do
mingo, the capital of Espanola, had no
place to enshrine the precious ashes.
The cathedral was not yet begun and
v.as not finished till 1540.
Meantime the remains of the gTeat
admiral were deposited at the Chartu
sian Monastery at Sevilla. When Diego,
the son of Columbus, died, in 1526, his
remains were also deposited there, to be
transferred later to San Domingo. Em
peror Charles V had granted permission
that the great chapel of the cathedral
at San Domingo be used as sepulture of
the Columbus family.
At what time the removal of the
ashes of the great admiral and his son
took place we don't know. As the ca
thedral at San Domingo was conse
crated in 1541 it may be that the trans
ference occurred in the same year. We
know that in 1549 the first Archbishop
of San Domingo wrote: "The tomb of
Don Cristobal Colon, which contains his
bones, is much venerated in this cathe
dral." In later documents we hear that
when Sir Francis Drake invaded San
Domingo the Archbishop Francisco Pio
ordered the tombs in the cathedral to
be covered with earth, to prevent their
profanation, "especially that of the old
admiral, which is on the gospel side of
my church and chapel."
Again, in 1653, the Diocesan Synod
states: "The bones of C. Colon are
there in a leaden case in the Presby
tery • • • according to the tradi
tions of the old inhabitants of the is
land." This last sentence, "according
to the traditions," indicates undoubted
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9. 1898.
ly that the site of the admiral's resting
place had no mark whatever and was
known only by tradition.
When, in I~^2. and again in ITsT. the
celebrated French historian, Moreau de
St. Mery, endeavored to determine the
exact location of the grave, he ex
pressed his disappointment in these el
oquent words: "What a subject for
the reflection of the philosopher!
Scarcely are three hundred years past
since the discovery of the new world
and already we hardly know what are
become of the precious remains of the
sagacious, enterprising and intrepid
discoverer. We see him expressing an
anxious solicitude that his ashes may
se in the capital of the immense is
land which first established the truth
of his opinion with respect to the ex
istence of a western hemisphere; they
are transported hither posterior to the
ruction of the principal edifice,
the cathedral, and yet — oh supine in
difference for all that is truly noble! —
not a mausoleum, not a monument, not
even an inscription to tell where they
lie!"
A few years after the French writer's
visit, in 1795, Spain was compelled by
the treaty of Basle to cede San Do
mingo to France. The Duke of«Vera
gua, a descendant of the Columbus
family, now remembered the ashes of
the great admiral. Arguing that it
would be unworthy to Spain that the
bones of Its greatest admiral should
rest under a foreign flag, he requested
the removal of the remains to the ca
thedral at Havana. As the treaty of
Ba.sle gave to Spain the right to remove
from San Domingo such property as
she might desire, on December 20, 1795,
the Spanish Lieutenant General Aris
taxabaJ appeared on the island with a
group of distinguished Spaniards in Jhe
cathedral, to receive the remains, un
the right or gospel side of the altar,
where, according to traditions, Christo
pher Culumbus had been laid to rest,
a small vault was found. The official
document Mritten at the same day
states:
"A vault was opened, which is in the
sanctuary on the gospel side, main wall
and piatform of the high altar, one
cubic yard in size, and therein were
found some thin pieces of lead about a
third of a yard wide, showing that there
had been a box of said metal and pieces
of bones, as it were of shin bones or
other parts of some deceased person;
these were collected in a salver, into
which was rilled also the dust, which
from the fragments of some small bones
and its color was seen to belong to that
corpse. The whole was placed in a
gilt leaden case with an iron lock, etc."
After a high mass had been cele
brated with great ceremony, the re
mains were taken to Havana and de
nosited in a niche opened in the wall
of the presbytery of the cathedral.
Later the niche was closed with a slab,
showing an entirely imaginary portrait
of Columbus, and beneath the inscrip
tion in Spanish:
"Oh, remains and image of
the great Culumbus, for a
thousand ages rest secured
in this urn, and in the re
membrance of our nation."
Eighty-one years massed by. Then
the conviction that the ashes of Co
lumbus were at rest in Havana sud
denly was shaken. In the year 1577
some repairs and changes were under
taken in the sanctuary of the cathe
dral at San Domingo. During the prog
ress of this work on the left or epistle
side of the sanctuary a small vault was
discovered containing the remains of a
leaden case with an inscription indicat
ing that the human bones Inclosed by
the casket were those of Don Luis Co
lon, the grandson of Christopher Co
lumbus.
This discovery invited the authorities
c-f the church to extend investigations
the whole ground of the sanctu
ary. On September 9, at the right or
presbytery side, the vault was found
which had been emptied by the Span
iards in 1T95. The next day the space
between that vault and the wall or the
cathedral was sounded and resulted in
the discovery of another somewhat
larger vault, covered by a large, rough
stone slab. After breaking away a
piece of that slab an object could be
seen in the box like a square box.
At this 6tage Archbishop Cocchia,
under whose directions the investiga.
tions had been prosecuted, was nonlied.
and by introducing, his arm into the
opening he discovered that the object
in the vault was a leaden case having
an inscription upon its top. Not al
lowing any one to go further, the Arch
bishop summoned the President and
Cabinet of the Dominican Republic, a»
well as all foreign Consuls and civic
and ecclesiastic dignitaries. In the
presence of this high assemblage the
stone slab was removed, the box taken
out and carefulh- examined. As it
had rested in the absolutely dp' vault
upon two bricks.it proved to be in a state
of fair preservation, but dull in color
and covered by a coating of oxide, un
mistakable indications of old age. The
closed box was nine inches high, six
teen and three-quarters Inches long and
eight and one-half inches wide. The
hinged and overlapping cover had
on Its top an inscription, which
was interpreted to mean "Descu
brldor de la America, primero Almi
rante," that is, "Discoverer of America,
first admiral." On the left side, and
in the front side, of the box the
letter C was engraved, and on the right
side the letter A. They are believed
to be the initials of the words "Chrls
tobal Colon, almirante."
After opening the hinged lid on the
insidf of it another inscription ap
peared, which was interpreted to
mean "Illustre y • esclarecido varon,
Don Cristobal Colon" — "Illustrious and
famous man, Don Christopher Colum
bus."
An examination of the contents of the
box revealed human bones, with thte
exception of a few parts reduced to
dust. Later, during a more careful ex
amination of the bones, among the
mold and dust a bullet of lead, two
small iron screws and a litt!# silver
plate were found. The screws and
corresponding holes in/he silver plate,
as well as in the back of the case,
proved that in former times the silver
plate had been affixed inside of the
case, but had become loosened there-
No. 3.i— lnscription upon the smaii silver
plate at the back.
from. The little plate contained in
scriptions un both sides.
Without doubt both Inscriptions were
intended to give the same idea, but it
seems the author, not satisfied with the
two meager first abbreviations, tried to
give in the second inscription a fuller
expression of his meaning, as if he
would take care that the abbreviations
might be better understood. The mean
ing of the abbreviations is as follows:
"Ultima parte de los restos del pri
mero Almirante Cristobal Colon Des
cubridor" — "Last part of the remains
of Christopher Columbus, Discoverer."
The news of the important discov
ery, which seemed to indicate that the
remains removed in 1795 to Havana
were not those of Christopher Colum
bus, and that his grave had been found
undisturbed, created a great sensatipn
in the scientific world, especially when
Spain, finding that its claim to the true
relics of Columbus was endangered, ac
cused the Archbishop, Cocchia, and the
other dignitaries of the cathedral at
San Domingo of being the "authors and
accomplices of a pious fraud."
Spain stoutly denied that any mis
take could have been made in 1795.
when Lieutenant General Aristazabal
undertook to remove the remains of
Columbus. The Archbishop of San
Domingo, of course, rejected the ac
cusation of fraud with great heat, and
firmly maintained that a mistake had
been made by Aristazabal, and that
only those remains newly discovered
were those of Christopher Columbus.
Ko. 4. — Inscription upon the sma i silver
piate in front
The result was a hot controversy, last-
Ing for several years and producing a
flood of pamphlets and bulletins. Fl
naliy the matter dropped, remaining in
doubt.
When, in IS9O, I began to edit a
work about the discovery of America
("Amerika, die Geschlchte seiner Ent
deckung." Lelpsig, 1592) I concluded
to visit. In the Interest of my book, the
great historical places In the West In
dies, Mexico and other American coun
tries. Besides. I intended to try to
solve, among other questions, that of
the true resting place of the bones of
Columbus. San Domingo I visited
during December, 1890, and January,
W'l. Highest credentials from the
German Government opened me a wayj
besides, the ecclesiastical and civil au
thorities of San Domingo consented
v that a foreign and entirely dis
interested scholar might Judge upon
their case. Since the discovery of the
remains such an investigation had
never been made nor permitted, as only
a few days after the first investiga
tion the remains, together with their
leadt-n case, had been placed in a glass
case and sealed up with many official
seals of the Government and the
church, as well as of all the foreign
Consuls.
My investigation took place Sunday,
January 11, lSyl, in the cathedral, in the
presence of all the ecclesiastical digni
taries. Consuls and military and civil
officers. After each of them had been*
convinced that his seal, stamped upon
the glass case in 1877, was untouched,
ail seals were broken an<l the leaden
case taken out. My examinations were
continued for several hours. It seemed
to tne the most important object to ob
tain exact copies of all inscriptions to
be found on the casket, as Spanish au
thorities had declared the character of
those inscriptions to be quite modern,
and therefore unmistakable proofs
of imposture. It should be stated,
however, that most of those authori
ties based their opinions upon pc/or and
very inexact copies, which served as
illustrations in one of the first reports
upon the discovery. Those copies I
found differed very much from the orig
inals, and therefore I made with most
scrupulous care the copies, reproduc
tions of which are presented herewith.
The question now arises, Doea the
character of the inscriptions resemble
the writing of the first half of the six
teenth century, the time when the
casket and its inscriptions are sup
posed to have been made? I give here
a few autographs of celebrated Span
iards who lived in the first half of the
sixteenth century. Other autographs
from the same period may be found in
Winsor's "Narrative and Critical His
tory of America." Very easily the
reader may point out every letter of the
casket inscriptions in the autographs
i also. A peculiar shape the letter r has
in the inscriptions upon the top of the
casket. It resembles a modern x. We
find the same x standing for the letter
r in the accompanying reproductions of
the autographs of Francisco Pizarro
and Hernandez de Biedma. It is also
to be found in autographs of Hernando
Cortes. King Ferdinand and others.
A few words about the Inscriptions in
general: When the removal of the re
mains of Christopher Columbus and his
son Diego took place the ashes of both
men were transferred from the original
coffins to two small leaden cases of the
same make. Now, can it be imagined
that the case of such an illustrious man
as the discoverer of the New World had
been left without any visible marks or
inscriptions by means of which mis
takes might be avoided? This thought
must be strongly rejected. It is only
natural that the case In which repose
the remains of the great admiral was
distinguished by fitting inscriptions
which might enable easy identification
also in later centuries. As in no official
document is it stated that the leaden
tablets taken by the Spaniards out of
the vault U» 1795 had any mark or in
scription, it must therefore be regarded
as strongest proof that the tomb emp
tied at that time never inclosed the pre
ri"us ashes of the discoverer of Amer
ica.
Mention should be made of the ball
which was found, together with the
small silver plate, among the mold and
dust in the case. Nobody has hitherto
given great importance to its being
there. But it seems to me that some
weight must be attached to It. Describ
ing the awful hardships of his fourth
and last voyage, Columbus says: "My
wound opened again, and for nine days
all hope was gone to keep me alive."
This shows that Columbus in some
former days was wounded. At what
time this happened we do not know; it
was probably during his earlier voyages
in the Mediterranean Sea or to Guinea.
It may be that during: those adventur
ous trips he received a gunsnot, and
that the ball remained in his body till
his end.
If, as the Spanish authorities would
have us believe, fraud was committed
by the Archbishop of San Domingo,
what reasons could have induced him
to put such a ball into the casket, which
ball, up to my investigations, never
before was brought in any connection
with the above mentioned passage of
Columbus* letter? Furthermore, j what
interest should lead the Archbishop and
the other dignitaries of the cathedral
at San Domingo to commit such grave
fraud, by which neither they nor their
church had any profit?
To sum up. all reasons point most
strongly to the probability that Lieu
tenant General Aristazabal, in 1795.
when he dug for the remains of Chris
topher Columbus, made a mistake and
opened not the vault of the admiral but
that of his son Diego, buried only a few
inches distant ; from his father. The
error of the Spaniards lay in their igno
rance that . there were two vaults close
together, and i that, as Moreau de - St.
Mery only a -few years before ■>* had'
stated, "not a mausoleum, not a monu
4
ment, not even an inscription" indi
cated where the true resting place of
Christopher Columbus was.
There is not the slightest reason to
doubt that the remains of the discov
erer of the New World are still at San
Domingo, the place he himself selected
for his last resting place.
RUDOLPH CRONAN,
Here are some characteristic anec
dotes of Lord Beaconsfleid. Lord Ran
dolph Churchill vouched for the first:
"Toward the end of Lord Beacons r
NO. I— INSCRIPTION UPON THE TOP OF THE LID.
field's second Premiership a younger
politician asked the Premier to dinner.
It was a domestic event of the first im
portance, and no pains were spared to
make the entertainment a success.
When the ladles retired the host came
and sat where the hostess had been
next to his distinguished guest. 'Will
you have some more claret, Lord
Beaconsfleld?' "No, thank you, my
dear fellow. It is admirable wine— true
Falernlan— but I have already exceeded
my prescribed quantity, and the gout
The Czar's Peace Union
and the Anglo-Saxon Affiance
(Continued From Page Seventeen.)
able between the two great English
speaking countries. Ido not under
value the deep significance of the pres
ent entente cordiale between our two
countries, but any future alliance be
tween Great Britain and the Lnited
States would probably have to be pre
ceded by an agreement or some prac
tical action on the part of the former
guaranteeing the fair treatment of Ire
land, and any new cause of ill feeling
between England and Ireland would be
the immediate cause of a break in this
Anglo-American alliance.
Of course many of your people ana
mine too, for that matter, would deny
this, but I hold their view to be a par
tial one Ido not mean to say that
America Is morally or practically
pledged to the cause of Irish freedom,
but I do believe from a long and care
ful study of conditions and sentiment
in America that there is a strong moral
opinion back of Americas sympathy
for the Irish cause, and that this atti
tude will continue.
There is no reason to doubt, however,
that the international relations between
Great Britain and the United States
may continually prow closer and more
friendly. There is no probability that
the United States has any idea of ever
interfering with our possession of Can
ada, and Lord Salisbury's extraordi
nary and breathless change of front re
garding the Venezuela question com
pelled us to accept henceforth the lead
ership of the United States in all poli
cies relating to America. Nor is this
position likely to change. The Clayton-
Bulwer treaty is dead, you know.
The Anglo-American alliance may pos
sibly be the outcome of either one of
two things. The most obvious is that.
CASE IN WHICH THE BONES SAID TO BE THOSE OF COLUMBUS
FEPOSE.
ho-lds me in its horrid clutch.' When
the party had broken up the host and
hostess were talking it over. 'I think
the chief en>>yed himself," said the
host, 'and I know he liked his cl«xet.'
'Claret?' exclaimed the hostess; "why,
he drank brandy and water all dinner
time.' "
'To Matthew Arnold, the great Jew
Premier, in the last year if his life, con
" 'You have heard me accused of be
ing a flatterer. It is true. lam a
flatterer. I have found It useful.
Every one likes flattery; and when you
come to royalty you should lay It on
with a trowel." "
Paris policemen have been supplied
•with electric dark lanterns, by means of
which they can see 150 feet away. They
are employed so successfully in raids in
the Bois de Boulogne on the homeless
persons who sleep there at night that
Saint Cloud, Sevres and Ville dAvray
are overrun with vagrants.
in case any European power should at
tack America, by any unforeseen result
erf her war with Spain, we, in this
possibility, should espouse her cause
and assist her in enforcing her policy.
But this possibility is remote. I can
think of no conceivable instance at all
likely to occur save the improbable one
that France might regard this as a fa
vorable opportunity to seize portions of
Morocco (which she has long coveted),
but even then I doubt if the United
States would regard it seriously enough
to make it a casus belli.
The other possibility for a formal
Anglo-American alliance, in due course
of time, is a far more interesting one
on which to speculate. The vital re
lations between the two great English
speaking peoples are those of thought
and moral purpose. Our intellectual,
our religious life are one. Ideas, per
haps I may say also ideals, are our
common tie. Our literature is a com
mon bond. Now, as action always fol
lows ideas undeviatingly. the fact of
our mutual literary and ethical ideas
conduces co inevitably to common ac
tion that this may be taken for granted
in the future, wholly without any for.
mal declarations. llt is one of those
trends of life that follow great natural
laws.
The precipitation of some great moral
question might create and fuse a formal
declaration of alliance at onee — such a
question, for instance, as that of the
Armenian atrocities which should vi
tally touch the religious feeling of both
peoples. It is from the close relations
of moral sentiments rather than from
any consideration of political advan
tages that the Anglo-American alliance
may at last be expected to come.
CHARLES DIL.KB.FREAK WORK OF THE STOCKTON CYCLONE.
Carried a H or se Two Hundred Feet.
Denuded One Side of Hedge.
TUT 7 ! cyclone that struck the outskirts of Stockton last Sunday
must* lake rank as one of the most remarkable storms that ever
visited th< Pacific Coast. There is no record of any other cyclone
Bince the Americans came. In the records of the Santa Barbara
Mission mention la made of a most terrific ptorm that occurred
early in the pn sent century, but there is no proof that it was a cyclone.
es are that it was only a violent hurricane. The
kton storm was only #00 truly a cyclone. A veritable Kansas
twister. Its antics were most strange and in a few instances almott
unbelievable. Its power seemed to be exerted in all direction? and
n-hon it struck a certain dwelling it displayed an explosive force that
k: <>eked the building into kindling wood. The only casualties were to
chickens, dogs and cats. That no human beings were killed seems mi
liOUS.
Ni -m with being famous
for Its wonderful natural gas
electric s
tern, a comes for
ward with the claim to '-->!ng
the •!■ of Cal
nia. S being the
only city on the Pacific i r vis
ited by a twister from over the
Rockies.
It was not a very big cyclone that
struck Stockton about noon last Sun
day, but what there was of it was of a
most vigorous kind. Everything it
struck it either demolished or injured.
It displayed a most erratic mode of i
progress, and altogether must take '
rank as the strangest meteorological
disturbance of which there is any red?
ofd in the annals of the Pacific Coast.
While the Stockton cyclone only
caused damage to the extent of a few I
thousand dollars, it is almost inex- I
plicable why it came to this part of
the world at all. Cyclones, the ter
rible visitants of the Mississippi Val- j
ley, have no place in the weather zone ,
of sunny California. They do not be- ;
long here.
The fact that little damage to prop
erty resulted from the cyclone's visit
must be accredited to good luck. Had
It traveled a mile or so west from
■where it did it would have cut a
■wide swath of destruction and death j
through the residence portion of
Stockton. As it was it merely swept |
its course over a vast area of farming'
land and removed buildings, trees and
such other objects as happened to lie in
its path. A few dogs, cats > .1 chickens
were killed, and a horse was injured,
but there were no casualties to human
beings. This in itself seems miracu
lous when all the other facts are con
sidered. ,
The path of the cyclone was about |
200 feet in width and it spent its course j
over about four miles. It came i rom
the northwest and took a general di- •
rection toward the southeast, although j.
its path was most erratic and in one;
instance at least it doubled on its own
track. This one instance would set
beyond dispute any doubt as to the :
possibility of the twister being a true
cyclone.
While the people in the center of
Stockton did not feel the least disturb
ance, except a heavy rain, the people
near enough to know what was hap
pening went through a reign of ter
ror. Women screamed and men were
frightened. All felt their utter help
lessness against such an overwhelm
ing foe.
Just who first saw th> ap
tns to !)'■ ;i i
come doubt. The chances are, ti.
that several people saw it at the .same
time. John Borsoi, a ranchhand, liv
ing a little over a mile north of I
was probably the first man in the af
flicted dJstrictsvto notice the funnel
shaped cloud. At any rate, he w
close to the Bpot where the cyclon<
?s, and was bo I
rifled that he could not move or s]
All during the forenoon I •
clouds piled up all around the horizon.
The air was hot and still. Gradually
the air grew darker and the clouds l> -
gan to jumble together.
Then came the rumble of distant
thunder. "We're going to have a
shower," the farmers said, as
scanned the horizon.
Then it war that those who happened
to look in a northerly dir< ctlon saw the ;
funnel-shaped cloud. Several eye wit- i
t
b say that they could not believe
their c-yes. It fairly staggered them
and for a moment the thought came
that it was merely a fantastic cloud
format ion.
In a few moments, though, all doubt i
of its character was removed. The iun
nei-shaped cloud began to turn and
then to leap. It rose high in the air
and came down with a reaching mo
tion. After it had risen and fallen a
few times, all the time coming nearer,
spectators saw that its trail was
with all sorts of flying debris. It
was t^i^n that terror seized them, and
1 bound in the face of
■ mine: danger.
For a time th-- cyclone raged over the
fields and through the proves on the
north of Stockton. Ii tore off the limbs
of trees and gathered up the dust from |
the roads. At the cemetery it seemed i
ase a moment and trimmed off I
:' a cypress h^dge. The work |
lone almost as cleanly as if a gar
had done it with shears. One
i the trees was denuded of
other side was scarcely j
to move, and •t-rtainly did not i
suffer the least damage.
the cyclone tore up a section of
fence and bent a few telegraph poles.
after which It jumped Into Ambrust's
ard. [n a corrugated iron build
ing a number of men were at work and
at the first rumble of the cyclone made
h to leave the building. Hut at
the door they stopped for the air out
iih flying boxes, trays
and farm ata that were being,
thi i iv. i! . ; straws.
The iron bulldi ig trembled from end
to end. and the terror-stricken men on
the Inside thought that their end had
come. But the cyclone contented itself j
with lifting off only a corner of the Irc-n ,
roof. The steel rivets were, snapped
like matches, and as the roof went
whirling through th.- air it emitted a'
sound like the Bcreeehing of a steam
whistle.
After finishing its work at the Am
brust vineyard the cyclone moved in a
sf.-uthnnsterly direction, apparently]
stopping here and there to do some ;
■damage, until ii reached the suburbs
of Fair Oaks, where it melted away 1
and left the air delightfully cool.
The cyclone demolished every struc
ture in its path that it struck— a dozen
chicken houses, any number of small
sheds, about twenty windmills and one
small .dwelling.- The latter house was
simply reduced to kindling wood. For
tunately there was no one at home dur
ing the fury of the storm.
Along the cyclone's course was left an
array of the strangest freaks. of storm
fury that any man ever saw. There
were" traces of the most grotesque hap
penings and almost unbelievable Bigns
of th« eccentricity of the cyclone's path
of motion.
Near the West vineyard stood an I
enormous windmill, its wheel being I
about 75 feet above the ground. The!
cyclone picked up the wheel, broke it i
from its fastenings and carried it about!
200 feet, depositing it uninjured against!
a barn. The tower, on which it bad
been placed showed no signs of having i
been even touched by the cyclone. \
. At the Broschi place there were three i
small buildings and a dwelling house |
all in a line just in the storm's path. i
On one side, about 150 feet from them,
was a windmill. The cyclone in its
course first struck a barn that was at
one end of the row of buildings. Then
it swept to the right and turned, over
a windmill. Instead of continuing on
that course it turned, describing a
rmall circle, and came back, demolish
ing a chicken, house, leaving the dwell
ing and a email shed uninjured. At,
THE SA]\ T FEA^sCISCO CALL, SITDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
Jumped a Wind Breal^.
the Broschi place everything the storm
touched was carried away.
A few hundred feet further along its
course the cyclone Btruck a windbreak
of trees with a collection of chicken
houses and small sheds on the inside.
Naturally it would be supposed that the
trees would Buffer as much as the build
ings. Such was not the case. The
cyclone jumped over the trees, went in
side the incloßure and reduced the
chicken houses to kindling wood, killing
all the birds as well as a doe: ;:nd a cat,
and continued on Its course leaving the
windbreak uninjured.
Just after leaving this place the
cyclone's path lay across an almost
bare field. Here it cleaned off the stub
ble and weeds as if a reapc. had passed
over them. It then struck an old tree
standing alone and stripped off all the
limbs by pressing them down and piling
them around the bottom of the trunk.
This was one of the most grotesque
eights to be found along the cyclone's
path and it is impossible to conceive of
the complexity of the forces that caused
It. The tree trunk stands up like a pole
with its limbs and leaves littering the
ground about it.
A horse belonging to Simon Moore
was unfortunate enough to stand in the
cyclone's way. He was so badly fright
ened and bruised that hi» hasn't yet
been able to realize what struck him.
First his hind legs were seized, then he
was lifted bodily off the ground and
turned over in the air several times.
He kicked in all directions, but all to
no purp ise, for the cyclone carried him
about 200 feet and then dropped him
down in a Leap. No bones were broken,
but the horse will not be able to work
for several weeks so badly bruised
is he.
At a vineyard close to the edge of
Stockton several hundred empty
fruit boxes were nicely piled up.
These were seized in a bunch and
lifted high in the air. After being car
ried several hundred yards they were
dropped to the ground, where the back
swash of the cyclone seized th sm and
■ red them In all directions. They
spread all over a hand.- -d-acre
field, and the larger portion of them
OFFICIAL FORECASTER HAMMOND'S EXPLANATION OF
THE CYCLONE.
THE causes which led to the groat atmospheric disturbances near
Stockton were of the usual kind that produce such phenomena in
other parts of the country. On Saturday night the storm center
was on the coast of Oregon and I sent a rain warning up to Stockton.
There was a good deal of shifting of atmosphere and evidently great dif
ference in the temperature of the different strata.
The electrical features that are the usual accompaniment of violent
atmospheric disturbances are not s« easy to explain, but the generally
accepted theory in that in some manner a layer of cold air gets on top
of the underlying layer of hot air. A mountain range In between the two
wind currents could cause this. The hot air naturally attempts to rise
and finds a hole through the layer of cold air through which it rushes.
This causes the rush and swirl of the funnei-shiped cloud. The moisture
<if the warm air coining in contact with the cold air causes the hail
that is the usual accompaniment of these disturbances. While the hot
air is rushing up the storm is traveling at its highest speed and the
mnibination of all does the work.
It would be a difficult matter to tell at just what points the storm of
last Sunday generated. But the points are all there and no doubt could
be worked "lit to an accuracy. As usual it was the southeast quadrant
of the storm center. •
But why do people call these storms "qycloies?" They are "torna
dos." The cyclone is th.' heavy storm of long duration that travels in
a circle. These short, terrible twisters that they have in Kansas and
through the Mississippi Valley are tornados. The difference in the two
words is very great and people should learn to use them properly. The
Btorm at Stockton last Sunday was a tornado ai there is no particular
reason why such disturbances should not be plentiful here. It is
largely luck and chance that there have been none since the State has
b?en inhabited by Americans. If the conditions ,come about they will be
Just as plentiful here as iv Kansas.
Carried a Windmill Two Hundred pec':.
were so badly damaged as to make
them unfit for use.
These are only part of the queer an
tics played by the cyclone. Almost
every hour for several days after the
occurrence something new turned up
just as unbelievable as any previously
found.
Of all the people who saw the cy
clone and Btood by helpless while It
raged, John Borsoi's experience was
the most thrilling-. He is not ashamed
to Bay that h.p was almost frightened
to 'teath, and the effects of the shock
to his nervous system will not pass
away for many days.
"When I first .saw the black cloud
coming up." said Mr. Borsol "I did
not know what to make of it. You see
I was not born in this country and I
never heard of cyclones.
"All morning it had been so hot and
Close that I almost fell sick. There
was no air in the house and T came
out to sit on the woodpile and was
watching the sky. I could see the
clouds moving every way, and was
surprised they moved so fast.
"While I was watching the sky I
suddenly saw it begin to grow dark,
all the bright, white clouds suddenly
disappeared and the sky became misty.
Even while I was looking the sky got
almost black. Then came a roll of
thunder, and I thought we would have
some rain. Then I saw a greenish light
come and spread over the trees down
by the Calaveras.
" "I must go into the house or I'll get
wet,' I said to myself. Just as I started
1 looked up and saw that black fun
nel-shaped cloud. The top part was as
black as ink. and the lower part was
turning round and round like light
ning. Now it bounded up in the air
and then came down.
"To say that I was frightened does
not describe it. I was simply stupe
fied with fear, and stood rooted to the
.spot. Perspiration broke out all over
me and I could not move if it had
conic on top of me and killed me. I
simply looked and looked and heard
the thunder roll and paw the lightning
Bash from the top part of the cloud.
"It seemed to me like »n age, but
It could have been only a few minutes.
I was fascinated, and sahv that black
cloud come tearing right at me. Its bot
tom part was filled with dust and
sticks and the limbs of trees, and it
roared and shrieked like several dif
ferent kinds of steam whistles. But
I could not move.
"Nearer and nearer I saw the cloud
come, and then with a swish it was
past, carrying along the wood pile on
which I had been sitting only a few
moments before. As the end of the
cloud went past Z was almost blinded
TAKING A TENNESSEE
SOLDIER WAY BACK HOME.
Eventful experience of a Red Cross nurse, who took a sick private from a San
Francisco hospital back to his folks in the Tennessee Mountains.
MISS NELLIE CLOSE, a Red
Cross nurse in St. Luke's Hos
pital, has just returned from
accompanying a sick soldier
back to the wilds of Tennessee,
and a very exciting time she had of it,
according to her own story.
When the soldiers from near and far
began to gather here in San Francisco
St. Luke's, together with the German
and French hospitals and nearly all
kindred establishments irr the city,
opened its doors to as many of the boys
in blue as it could accommodate out
side of its regular patients. These
'•camp capo's" came from nearly all
parts of the country and were of all
grades of refinement, education and
personal charm.
Amhng these beneficiaries of St.
Luke's was one young fellow— a boy of
only twenty years— who after a severe
and well-nigh fatal attack of pleuro
pneumonia exhibited no positive signs
of return to health. The disease had
run its course, leaving him but a
shadow of his former self, but he
seemed to have reached a stationary
stage in his convalescence which was
as likely to lead back to illness as for
ward to complete recovery. To add to
the difficulty of his case the young sol
dier was a constant sufferer from acute
nostalgia (homesickness).
After a six weeks' stay in the hospital
It was plainly seen by the attendant
physicians that there was absolutely no
hope of his recovery in this climate
even if his longing for home had not
been so overmastering as it was. It
was abpolutel:' necessary that he
should go back to his people, but how
to send him there was the puzzle, since
he needed care and attention that could
be by no means given him by unskilled
hands. In this dilemma Miss Close
came" to the front with an offer of her
"ratuitous services during the time
necessary to accompany the boy home
and return to her hospital work.
The permission of the hospital au
thorities being secured Miss Close
started promptly forth on ncr mission
of mercy and has Just returned to her
regular duties. Her story of the trip
is interesting from many points of view.
"Through the kindness of tho rail
road people," she said, "I was furnished
transportation to Jonesboro, the near- '
est point ty rail to Sam's Tennessee J
I
Turned Across Its Tracl^.
I with dust and felt a breath of afr as
cold as if it had just come from the
! north pole. Then torrents of rain and
several hailstones fell around me, the
wind moaned a bit and it was all over.
"I could see the storm as it moved
off, tearing down haystacks and up
setting windmills. The air was very
cold for some minutes and I went into
the house to get warm. But I was
more than cold — I was sick — and it
took me several hours to recover from
' my fright with a cyclone's tail."
home. Sam stood the trip pretty well,
though I had to be in attendance upon
him night and day and snatched my
own rest as I could, which, together
with the oppressive heat, made it a
little hard for me.
"It was wonderful the power that the
Red Cross on my sleeve had over all
whom we met. Every one from the
train boys up to the occupants of pri- j
vate cars tried to help us along and I
make the way pleasant for us. Noth
ing that could be done by any one was
lacking to our comfort and Sam was
the pet of the entire train the journey
through.
"We arrived in Jonesboro in the
middle of the afternoon, and Sam. who
had not thought of such things pre
viously, suddenly made up his mind
that he must not return to his home
empty handed, but must buy his
mother a 'dress pattern' in one of the
stores. No sooner were we started out
on our shopping expedition than the
news of our arrival was spread through
the town and the store which we en
t- red was soon full of people pushing
and crowding with each other to see
the 'Red Cross woman' and the soldier.
Many came from other motives than
curiosity, for they had relatives or
friends in the Tennessee regiment and
took it for granted that I was personal
ly acquainted with every one under
Colonel Smith's command and could
give news <>f them at first hand. It was
hard to disappoint them and see them
go away in n-ars, but I tried to make
as good a story out of the little that I
kiyw of the regiment as I could and
convince them that it was not care
lessness nor indifference on my part
but sheer inability to attend to my hos
pital duties and learn all about the
Tennessee boys as individuals which
made rue come without a special mes
sage for every one of them.
"That following four hours and a
half ride out to Hawes' Crossroads —
Sam's horne — I shall never forget. We
went in a surrey with two horses and
a small darky driver, and started so
late that darkness overtook us before I
we accomplished half the distance. The !
road, because of the heavy summer
rains, was the worst I ever rode over.
There were creeks to cross where the
water came up within an inch or so of
the floor of the carriage, and the road
was full of deep gullies and rocks
washed down from the hills. There
was no moon, and I exnected to be
overturned or drowned almost any
minute, but at last we got into Sam's
'neighborhood,' that is, within six '
t
Crushed a House Flat.
miles or so of his home, and then I
forgot my worries in the novelty of the
welcome he received. It was nearly 9
o'clock by this time and every one in
the ranch houses that we passed was in
bed, but Sam halloed lustily at every
door and out of it almost instantly
would tumble one or more unkempt
men, who would rush up to the wagon
with a 'Howdy. Sam?' and a volley of
questions which Sam tried vainly to
answer.
"They were all tremendously glad to
see him and they evinced it by forming
themselves into an impromptu body
guard and walking along with us. By
the time we reached Sam's home we
had an escort of about forty men, many
of them bareheaded and barefooted, as
rough a looking crowd as one could
well imagine — though their only weap
ons were watermelons, with which, be
ing eager to do something to show their
hospitable .feelings, nearly every one
had loaded* himself in order to have a
watermelon feast on our arrival at the
end of our ride.
"I found Sam's he/me to be a little
whitewashed hou.se of three rooms,
with a log kitchen outside. In thi3
abode were Sam's father and mother,
three married sons and their •wives,
two unmarried sons, three daughters,
and s^ven children under four years of
age. They were all wildly glad to see
us and Sam's meeting with his mother
was worth the whale trip to me.
"Sam held a regular reception until
nearly midnight and the whole neigh
borhood turned out in his honor and sat
around eating watermelon and listening
to his stories of the wonders of San
Francisco. The tales he told them were
something dreadful to hear, for he —
having spent most of his spare time in
the Park and the Chutes before his ill
ness — talked mostly of the animals that
he saw and fully convinced them that
buffaloes and elks and bears and pea
cocks and monkeys and lions roved the
streets at will here, and that our man
ners and customs are so-mething simply
astonishing. You must understand, of
course, that Sam himself can neither
read nor write, and that all his impres
sions are gained from what he sees and
hears, and such impressions passed on
to others become nothing short of as
tounding, especially, as in this case,
when the recipientr, are quite as igno
rant as he who gives the information.
"There were two beds apiece in two
of the rooms and one bed in the other,
and I was given the semi-privacy o£
this shared with a girl of nineteen who
was Jupt up from an attack of typhtrid
fever. I spread the sheets thoughtfully
given me by the Red Cross over the
hard straw mattress and retired. leav
ing Sam still telling his wonderful I
of San Francisco and St. Luke's, where
they gave him clean clothes every day.
I stayed ther^ «. week, and Sam
talked the whole time to admiring au
diences, the feminine portion of which
solemnly dipped snuff while the mas
culine portion chewed tobacco. "We
lived on string beans, fried dry salt
pork, watermelons and hot biscuits.
Sam had cried about these same bis
cuits of his mother's at the hospital
and declared that they were the best
things in the world, and he acted up
to it after he got home, but I found
them to be "beaten biscuits." with
which the beater was far too lenient.
They were like baked paste, and I ab
solutely could not eat them at all.
"Everybody was more than kind to
me, and their kindness was accentu
ated by their utter poverty and ignor
ance. It was a poor white neighbor
hood,' and the one negro resident,
Aunt Milly. felt herself far superior to
them all. Not one scrap of
matter ever comes to their houses,
and their only news of the world is
gained from some one like Sam, who
has managed to get away for a time.
It would be heart-breaking were they
not so contented and happy among
themselves. As it is free from
outside influences, they have an hon
est affection for each other which is
remarkable, and share each other's
joys and sorrows in a way which
might be a lesson to many of us who
think ourselves above them.
"My journey home was rather ex
citing, as I went to a friend's in Sa
vannah just in time to encounter a
cyclone which struck that pretty little
city just two hours after my arrival.
The wind blew at the rate of seventy
five miles an hour and did $250,000
worth of damage to the riace during
the short time that it lasted, while it
made me think lonpinsly of San Fran
cisco, where the breeze is chronic in
stead of acute.
"Taken altogether it was a hard
trip, but it is one which I shall n*>ver
regret haviner made."
It is estimated that close upon 100,003
pianofortes are manufactured every year
in London.
1920
UNCLE SAM
GOES SLUMMING.
IS TESTING THE FOODS OF THE POOR.
Dr. Jaffa of the University of California Is
Handling the Interesting Experiments
for This Section of the Country*
She Muttered Some Sort of Formula as the Magic Herbs Began to rew.
PROFESSOR ATWATER. who is in charge of the Govern
ment's food experiments, says we make a fourfold mistake in
our food economy.
1. First, and foremost we use excessive quantities of food.
This" is true not only of the well-to-do but of many people in
moderate circumstances also. Part of the excess which is bought is
thrown away in wastes of the kitchen and the table, so that the in
jury to health from overeating, great as it may be, is doubtless much
less than if all the food we buy were actually eaten.
Not everybody eats too much; indeed, there are some who do not
eat enough for healthful nourishment. But there are those, and their
name is legion, with whom the eating habit is as vicious in its effect
on health as the drinking habit.
2 We purchase needlessly expensive kinds of food. we U3e the
costlier kinds of meat, fish, vegetables and the like, when less expen
sive ones are just as nutritious and when rightly cooked Just as pal
atable Many do this under the impression that there is some pe
culiar virtue "in the dear food materials, and that economy in their
diet is somehow detrimental to their dignity or welfare. And, unfor
tunately, those who are most extravagant in this respect are often
the ones who can least afford it.
3 Our diet is apt to be one-sided. It often does not contain the
different nutritive ingredients in the proper proportions. We consume
relatively too much of the fuel ingredients of food— which are
burned In the body and yield head and muscular power. Such are the
fats of meat and butter, the starch which makes up the larger part of
nutritive material of flour, potatoes and sugar, »of which such enor
mous quantities are eaten in the United States. Conversely we have
relatively too little of the protein or flesh-forming substances, like
the lean of meat and fish and the gluten of wheat, which make
muscle and sinew and which are the bases of blood, bone and brain.
fiOflOfiOOOOOOOOOOftfl«OftOOa»fiOOO«OOfl
THE United States Government is
just now engaged in a "slum
ming" expedition, and the Uni
versity of California is doing all
it can to help. Slum life always
furnishes an interesting study to
the intelligent observer. But when the
United States officially "goes a-slum
mlng" and appropriates money for that
purpose, it is with a definite end in
view.
The Government wants to know how
HERE IS THE BIGGEST SCHOONER
IN THE WORLD.
Has Fi\te J*lasts and Garries Mountains of GanVas.
PASSENGERS on the Boston and Bangor steamers are afforded an ex
cellent opportunity at Camden, Me., to see the largest schooner in
the world in process of construction at the shipyard of H. M. Bean.
The frame is up and she is rapidly being timbered.
The vessel will be five masted, and is being built for Captain John
G. Crowley of Taunton, Mass. Some idea of her size may be had when it
is stated that she could easily contain the former five masted and now four
masted schooner Governor Ames. The Governor Ames was at the time of
her construction the largest schooner in the world, but this new vessel will
carry over a thousand tons more than she.
She is the heaviest timbered and contains the heaviest material of any
vessel ever built in Maine, and she will be the largest fore and aft vessel
ever built or new building. The dimensions of this massive craft are as
follows- Her keel is 282 feet long; from taffrail io forward knlghtheads on
deck she will measure 318 feet; she will be 44 feet and 4 inches in width, and
21 feet and 6 inches in depth. She will have two whole decks and a four
foot poop, running to one berth aft of forward hatch.
The frame is of Virginia oak, and her planking inside and out will be
of Georgia pine. The cabin will be finished in ash, mahogany, cypress
and sycamore. She will have five Oregon masts, the forward one being
29 inches and the remainder 2S inches in diameter, each 112 feet long, and
the other spars in proportion.
It will take 10,000 square yards of canvas to propel this monster through
the water, and when at anchor two 6000-pound anchors will hold her, at
tached by two and three-eighth inch chains. She will carry a complement
■•* tuaiv« men. >
the poor live, what they live on and if
their dietary condition can be improved.
The guide for this new Government
slumming expedition is no less a per
sonage than Professor W. O. Atwater,
doctor of philosophy, professor of chem
istry at Wesleyan University and direc
tor of the "Office of Experiment Sta
tions" of the Department of Agricul
ture of the United States. It is through
the last-named position that Professor
Atwater will be the head and front of
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
the official slumming expeditions. He
will not personally accompany any or
the expeditions. It is simply with the
results that he has to deal.
In each State of our Union where
there is an experiment station the work
will be conducted by the person in
charge of the experiment station.
Dr. Jaffa of the University of Cali
fornia at Berkeley has been conducting
the experimental work for this State
and he" is now plunged in his work.
In his official capacity, therefore, it will
fall to his lot to conduct the dietary
experimenting among the poor of San
Francisco. This means that for several
months Dr. Jaffa and his assistants will
have to live in the quarters given over
to poverty and ignorance.
Dr. Jaffa has already done some very
interesting work in the dietary line for
particular California products. The re
sults of his experimenting during the
pa?t year are now being tabulated. The
data was obtained from the study of
the diet of a training football team,
and the diet of an infant during one
year. This is simply preliminary work
in the wide field designated to be cov
ered.
Dr. Jaffa is looking forward with
much pleasure to the coming dietary
work among the poor. "The only draw
back," he said, "is an inadequate
amount of money to carry the research
to a practical conclusion. Scientific de
ductions must be made in the labora
tory and to conduct these properly wi.ll
require more money than has been ap
propriated.
"By an act of Congress experiment
stations have been established all over
the Union, and provision has likewise
been made for a central bureau in con
nection with the Department of Agri
culture in Washington for the scientific
co-ordination of the work. Professor
Atwater is at the head. The object of
the work is to Investigate the^nutritive
value of foods.
"Since more than half the incomes of
the bread winners of Christendom are
spent and must be spent for their food,
then any information that enables the
laborer to select his food according to
its nutritive value, and to prepare it in
the most advantageous manner, must
result in much saving of his hard
earned money.
"The amount of money that falls to
the share of California from this gen
eral appropriation is necessarily small.
In some States the Legislature has ap
propriated additional sums for the car
rying on of tfie work. In other States
private individuals have assisted by
generous donations. A man's nourish
ment is such an important factor of his
producing power that the subject of
nutrition is of vast and vital import
ance.
"In studying the diet of the poor we
shall find out exactly what kind of nu
triment the people eat, and by compari
son of their actual food consumption
with physiological standards, show how
their diet might be improved."
It has not yet been decided who will
assist Dr. Jaffa in this work, but in all
probability it will be Mr. R. S. Louis
of the chemistry department, who has
made a special study of diets and has
worked on these lines with Dr. Atwater
himself.
Dr. Jaffa will conduct the work in the
same manner as the food experts who
have studied New York slum life, as
applied to the question of food.
These experts have learned from con
stant association that poverty is often
the offspring of ignorance. They have
discovered that the poor are still poorer
because they do not know what sort
of food to buy. Poverty is due to un
wise expenditures rather than to small
ness of income.
The practical work in New York city
was done by Mr. Charles D. Woods, a
food specialist, who is one of Dr. At
water's principal assistants. The great
er part of the study was made in the
lower east side tenements. Persons
GOOD STORIES OF THE ENGLISH COURT.
"When the Queen came to the throne
her first public act was to go in state
to St. fames' Palace to be proclaimed.
She naturally wished to be accom
panied in her state- coach only by the
Duchess of Kent and one of the ladies
of the household; but Lord Albemarle,
who was Master of the Horse, insisted
that he had a right to travel with her
Majesty in the coach, as he had <tione
with William IV. The point was sub
mitted to the Duke of Wellington as a
kind of universal referee in matters of
precedent and usage. His judgment
was delightfully unflattering to the
outraged magnate— "The Queen can
make you go inside the coach or out
side the coach, or run behind like a
d d tinker's dog.' "
Lord Shaftesbury told the following
story of his uncle. Lord Melbourne:
"When the Queen became engaged to
Prince Albert Bhe wished him to be
made King Consort by act of Parlia
ment, and urged her wish upon the
Prime Minister, Lord Melbourne. At
first that sagacious man simply evaded
the point, but when her Majesty in
sisted on a categorical answer, 'I
thought it my duty to be very plain
with her. I said, "For God's sake, let's
hear no more of it, ma'am; for if you
once get the English people into the
way of making kings, you will get
them into th^ way of unmaking
them." "
Very interesting are the anecdotes
which throw a distressingly white light
on the state of society at the close of
the last century, when from all the evi
danc« of notable people who had been
were selected from the tenements as
subjects for the study. The investi
gators spent about a week with each
family.
During this time they carefully re
corded the qualities and quantities of
food eaten at each meal, the prices paid
for It, the weight of the food actually
eaten, and the amount rejected as
waste matter, the percentage of the
various food nutriments contained in
that eaten and wasted, and the age.
nationality, income, occupation, ex
penditure and physical condition of
each member of each family. Separate
accounts were kept of the food eaten
by each person living in the houses as
well as the visitors.
The food bought for each meal was
weighed before being eaten. Every
morsel wasted in the kitchen or left on
plates or dishes was carefully account
ed for after each meal, and when the
weight of this was deducted from that
of the food as originally purchased, the
difference represented that actually
consumed. Samples of all food were
carefully analyzed. The analysis show
ed the proportions, fat and carbohy
drates contained in each food pur
chased. It being known exactly what
weights were consumed, the amount of
nourishment In the food eaten by each
person could readily be learned. Ex
amples of extravagance as a result of
ignorance were found In each family.
For instance, it cost about $31 a month,
or about one dollar a day, for the food
(exclusive of beverages and condi
ments) of a family of five, a father,
mother, two little girls and an infant.
Dietary experiments have shown that
food sufficient to meet the demands of
one j,rown man at moderate work need
cost but from fifteen to twenty cents a
day if proper management be used in
its purchase. At such a rate the poor |
mechanic and his family might have
purchased their food for a very much
smaller expenditure. The childish taste
of the eleven-year-old girl who did
most of the marketing led her to buy
peanuts. Mr. Woods said that, though
unconscious of her wisdom, in buying
the peanuts she did very wisely. Though
difficult to digest, ten cents' worth of
peanuts contained more nutrition than
an equal value of any other food eaten
by this family.
The same criticisms were passed upon
every case studied. The main cause of
poverty in almost all of these was that
weight or bulk was sought in food
rather than nutrient value.
These criticisms passed upon the
food consumed in the slum tenements
apply as well to the average person,
according to the dietary experts. An
ordinary housewife is apt to have more I
knowledge of the actual value of dress
goods or carpets than of food. She
knows little concerning the actual
sources of nourishment which ordinary
food contains. Many valuable lessons
from dietary studies of the prosperous
classes as well as of the poverty
stricken are being learned by Govern
ment experts.
A number of interesting standards
are used in these studies. One is that
of the food required by the average
man. The average woman Is found to
require about eight-tenths; a boy of
14 to 16 years old about the same; a
girl of the same age seven-tenths as
much; a child 10 to 13 six-tenths as
much; a child 6 to 9 one-half as much;
in contact with it Mr. Russell is ob
liged to conclude that "religion was al
most extinct In the highest and lowest
classes of English society."
Here are some quotations from an
unpublished diary of Lord Robert Sey
mour, who was born in 1748 and died
in 1831:
"The Prince of Wales declares there
is not an honest woman in London, ex
cepting Lady Parker and Lady West
moreland, and those are so stupid he
can make nothing of them; they are
scarcely fit to blow their own noses."
"The P. of W. called on Miss Vaneck
last week with two of his Equerries. On
coming into the room he exclaimed:
'I must do it; I must do it!' Mlsh V.
asked him what it was that he was ob
liged to do-, when he winked at St.
Leger and the other accomplice, who
lay'd Miss V. on the Floor, and the P.
positively wipped her. The occasion
of this extraordinary behaviour was
occasioned by a Bett wch I suppose he
had made in one of his mad Fits. The
next day, however, he wrote her a
penitential Letter, and she now receives
him on the same footing as ever."
In these days, and even later, only
sixty years ago, "Hard drinking was
the indispensable accomplishment of a
fine gentleman, and great estates were
constantly changing owners at the
gaming table."
"The scene was the Master's own
dining-room, and the moment that the
ladies had left the room one of the
guests began a most outrageous con
versation. Every one sat flabber
gasted. The Master winced with an
noyance; and then, bending down the
table toward the offender, »aid In his
ahrillest ton*: 'shall we cohtinue this
a baby 2 to 5 four-tenths as much, and
an infant under 2 three-tentha as
much.
Of protein, called the "body and soul
of food," and known to be its most nu
tritious constituent, a man without
muscular exercise is found to require
100 crams daily, a man doing light mus
cular work 112 grams and a, man doing
moderate muscular work 125 grams.
Mr. Woods summed up his sugges
tions for reforms in the slums of New
York as follows:
It is impossible to lay down any hard
and fast rule which shall govern the pur
chase of food by a family. This must to
a very great extent be governed by the
different local conditions of supply and
demand, by individual peculiarities, and
by the different circumstances surround
ing the family life.
In many families studied no attempt
was made to set the table. The food was
left standing on the bare table and the
different members of the family took
hasty meals when it suited their conve
nience. Such cases should be remedied
by a complete change in the family cus
toms and by the education of the person
who does the marketing, so that more Ju
dicious selections of food will be made
and the tables set.
Throughout all these dietaries there
was shown very little comprehension of
the nutritive value of food purchased, se
lections being made according Wo some
whim of taate, the presence of certain
food materials in the market, or because
the housekeeper had become accus
tomed to purchasing certain foods. The
families spent more than they could really
afford for food, and yet frequently re
ceived insufficient? nourishment.
How these people could have obtained
more nutriment for the money expended,
or even for less, can only be answered in
general terms. In the first place the
cheaper cut of meats for stews and pot
roasts might have replaced almost en
tirely the more expensive steaks and
Some of the Queer Things the Seeresses Guaraotee for Love Charms.
roasts without impairing the nutritive
quality. Then the amount of eggs and
butter might have been reduced to the
minimum amount that would give the
food relish. Eggs at more than sixteen
cents a dozen began to grow expensive
and at twenty-five or thirty cents should
be entirely eliminated if it is desired to
cut off unnecessary expense. The money
saved by the purchase of cheaper meats
and less butter and eggs could be profit
ably expended for flour and other cereals,
bread, rice, beans or potatoes.
One of the best and purest ways to Im
prove the condition of the poor is to give
them practical instruction and object les
sons In the preparation of attractive yet
simple and cheap foods. Unless it can
be demonstrated that the changes pro
posed will give a more attractive
and palatable diet, as well as a cheaper
and more nutritious one, people of the
character of many of those whose dietary
has been studied -will scarcely trouble to
follow any suggestions that may be made
toward cheapening their food and con
fining it to the most nutritious food ma
terials.
From slum workers here who are toil
ing to better the condition of that class
it is learned that the same errors are
committed as in the New York tene
ment districts — namely, weight or bulk
being sought in food rather than nu
trient value, and marketing and pre
paring to poor advantage.
However, not until Dr. Jaffa has
made his investigation can we have any
positive knowledge of the dietary meth
ods of the poor of this city. It will be
interesting to learn whether our poor
display more intelligence In the selec
tion and preparation of food than that
which is shown by the dwellers in the
slums of New York city.
conversation in the drawfhg-room?'
and rose from his chair. It was really
a stroke of genius thus both to termi
nate and to rebuke the impropriety
without violating the decorum due
from host to guest."
"At dinner at Balliol the Master's
guests were discussing the careers of
two Balliol men, the one of whom had
just been made a Judge and the other
a Bishop. 'Oh,' Laid Henry Smith, 'I
think the Bishop is the greater man.
A Judge, at the most, can only say,
'You be hanged," but a Bishop can
say, "You be d d." ' 'Yes,' charac
teristically twittered the Master; 'but
if the Judge says, "You be hanged,"
you are hanged.' "
In his collection of repartees Mr.
Russell has many old friends, but all
are good. Here are a few examples:
"Lord Bowen is immortalized by his
emendation to the Judges' address to
the Queen, which had contained the
Heep-like sentence: 'Conscious as we
are of our own unworthiness for the
great office to which we have been
called.' 'Wouldn't it be better to say,
Conscious as we are of one another's
unworthiness?' "
WAYS OF EASTERN POTENTATES
Sayn the Malay Mail: His Highness
the Sultan, we hear, has raised by public
subscriptions several hundred dollars for
the forthcoming festivities in honor of
his birtday. This is a novel proceeding,
but perhaps not quite so bad as that of
the Nawab of Rampore, who, on being
blessed with a daughter ordered a week's
pay to be deducted from every state em
ploye to pay for the rejoicings in connec
tion with the event. ..'
UP-TO-DATE
LOVE CHARMS.
COST ALL THE WAY FROM 2 CENTS TO $200*
War Started a Boom in Cupid's Tokens and
Now the Factories and Seeresses Have All
the Business They Can Handle*
THE war has created a great
boom In love philters, love •
charms and things that are sup
posed to have a mysterious j
power in keeping the flame alive j
in loving hearts. Astrologers, seeresses
and plain every-day fortune tellers
that inhabit back stairs, four flights
up, all report a rushing business in the !
love token line.
The soldiers' sweethearts and the sol- >
diers themselves, with their countless j
brass buttons and remnants of. uni- ,
forms, began it, and now the epidennc ;
has spread from the camps to the ,
counting houses and from the kitchen j
to the draVing room.
Not only does the fever rage through I
all classes of society, but the love
tokens that begun with plain brass but
tons unostentatiously marked U. S.,
now range from herbs gathered under
certain phases of the moon to cabalistic
signs ostentatiously carved on queer
HUNTS THE FLING DEER
JUST LIKE A MAN.
Exploits of jA\ss y\lice SWasevj and Her JRifle ir\ Trinity Gounty.
REDDING, Oct. I.— Miss Alice
Swasey returned from her suitk
mer outing in the wilderness of
the Trinity Mountains with a
reputation of being one of the
best markswomen in the northern part
of the State. Besides squirrels and
pigeons galore, the record of her suc
cesses includes a fawn and a spike
buck, as seen in the accompanying il
lustration.
In an outing party composed of the
family of ex-Assemblyman D. G. Reid,
now of Redding, and Mrs. A. H. Mar
shall and family of Douglas City, Trin
ity County, Miss Swasey proceeded
from Douglas City to North Fork by
wagon, thence by pack train and horse
back by way of Cox's Bar to Corral
Bar. Here, in the wildest portion of
Trinity County, the party went into
camp.
One morning late in August Mrs.
Reid and Mrs. Marshall came in from a
stroll and reported they had seen a
deer on the mountainside.
Dropping her dish-washing task. Miss
Swasey grabbed a heavy rifle and put
off to the mountain. With her sleeves
rolled to her elbows, just as she had
left the dishpan, away she sped, lug
ging a gun whose weight almost
equaled her own.
Not more than half a mile from camp
a spike buck sprang into view. Before
she had time to catch her breath, with
a bound the buck crossed her path in
direct range.
As the deer paused to look back, Miss
Swasey raised the heavy rifle, took
6teady aim and fired. The deer turned
a somersault in the air and fell with a
broken neck.
Later Miss Swasey brought down a
The "life plant"
is a species of
creeping moss
found in the West
Indies. It is abso
lutely indestructi
ble by any means
except immersion
in boiling water or
the application of
a red-hot iron. It
may be cut and di
vided in any man
ner and the small
est shreds will
throw out roots,
grow and form
buds. The reasons
for this have never
been found by
scientists.
Oriental gems. Then there are strange
! things that have to be made Just bo
while mysterious muttenngs and queer
signs are being made, and stranger
things that have to be worn Just so
while your wearied spirit is lost in
slumber.
Six months ago any old love token in
the shape of a brass button warranted
to hold two loving hearts together
through war's alarms could have been
bought for 1 cent.
Fancy paying $200 now for a charm
that has to do all sorts of mysterious
work before it earns its money. Yet
that's what the seeresscs say some peo
ple are paying for love charms to gain
their heart's desires. As for love
charms ranging from $5 to *20, they re
I quite common, though in the break-
neck way in which the war and love
business has gone on lately you have
to file your order early with an up-to
date seeress if you want to get it filled
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
spotted fawn at long range with a 22
caliber rifle.
Miss Swasey is 18 years of age, the
daughter of the Register of the United
States Land Office at Redding. She is
known to nearly all the members of the
California Press Association, having
accompanied her parents, Mr. and Mrs.
F. M. Swasey, on many of the jaunts
of that organization to various places
on the coast.
MISS ALICE SWAStY.
From a photograph.Special to The Sunday <"all.
VICTORIA, B. C, Oct. 7.— That
maze of filthy lanes and dirty
ks which constitute China
n—the little China, which
stands like a city within a
below Government street (the ;
street of Victoria), hid
mysteries behind its portals.
>a which would read most st;
ly to thus,' who never wand<
the city wails. In these narrow lanes
the wanderer sees iron-barred win
dows, which screen chati hinese
women who are slaves, although, as
in hollow mockery, the Union Jack
flutters from the joss-house near by.
In many ci the ... entrances
to various secret - and hidden
away in ■ ns the almond-eyed
-and to
means to gather fees — for the main
ret war against the
Chinese ■ mpire.
At the present time these societies
are agog with the excitement conse
quent upon the reported death <>f the
eror. With the news that thi
n is progressing favorably all
Chinatown is alive with but one topic
of conversation — the overthrow of the
Manchurian dynasty.
The Chinese of this city are mostly
Kwangs, relatives of the two great
Kwangs of Canton, the prime movers
in the present revolution in Southern
China. T<> intensify ihe excitement a
naiive of the rebel junta has just ar
rived. He is in Chinatown, securing
funds and asking f<>r other assistance
to help the overthrow of the Maj
was seen by the
writer at his present residence on Fis
• ears to be quite an
ectual man. Ur- discourses most
the alms and objects <>f
and of the revolution. The
man seems without fear of detection,
but death never seems to trouble a
Chines-- while living in the Occident.
even th ;ch he be a rebel. If he were
c methods in China de
capltation might be expected to follow
in short order.
"We ■•• successful beyond our most
sanguine expectations," he said, with a
ntal =mile. "Since the stand
;■: ! as raised south of Wu
24th day of the sixth
cording to
your the 11th of July, thous
ked to this banner and
anton nine walled cities
:. Into our hands. We had
with the Imperial
and killed nearly two thousand.
iur flag?"
I that I would. He slipped
on hi? sh d thf way through
Innumeral *hich
g j-rcm the Cities Eefcre the Conquering Rebels Advance.
sesame-like by attend
ants, - k room, where about.
hinese, in iheir holiday garb,
tabl My guide, the
ned In the chorus of
lI the conclusion of each sentence
• man went through th| dumb
pantomime of cutting off hi.s queue.
"Thai will come," said my gui<i«',
"when the success of our cause is ac
complished."
Then came a rhant. I would lik- to
have joined that, but the brogue was
beyond me. My guide shouted in
screechy gutturals:
"Out with the Ching,
In with the Ming."
T joined with my little tenor and if I
can rely upon what I have been told
of China, under two hundred years of
Manchurian misrule I meant it with all
jny heart.
"Thiß would be the expression of all
your countrymen." said the agent, "did
they but know what this revolution
will mean to them. Regardless of our
object, the con<ru*st of Peking and th'
restoration of the Ming dynasty, it
means a commercial advantage t<i the
rest of the world that is almost be
yr.nd comprehension. If the Manchu
ruling of China were broken down
and a new dynasty substituted it would
have a far-reaching effect and prove
a stronger barrier agains' the Russian
advance, which is now causing su
much talk in Europe, than ail th»>/Up
lomatic machiratinnp of the worla's
statesmen. With such a dynasty Rus
sia, whose dream is to succeed in Man
churia, would be forestalled.
"But you want to see the flag."
A clap of hi? hands, and one of the
men at th^ table went to a cupboard
and brought out a red triangular flag
with gold borders inscribed with Chi
nese characters In black.
To a majority of the- Chinese the
characters on this flag are unintelligi
ble. Two are hieroglyphics which the
■ scholars are unable to recognize
as Sanscrit, Manchu or Chinese. The
first character is complete and the
■ said may be taken to mean
a a tiger." The second and
third are incomplete. The second is
the lower part of the character
"Ching"— that is, the Ching dynasty;
and the third is the lower portion of
a character used to express the word
••Manchu." The top parts of the Ching
and Manchu are dispensed with— that
is the heads are cut off. Making the
character headless gives this Interpre
tation: That the designers of the Hag
wish to convey to the native mind the
fact that the rebellion is directed against
the ruling Manchu dynasty; that they
are fighting for Chinese as opposed to
the corrupt Tartar rulers, and that they
have bound themselves to decapitate
the Manchurian rulers.
There passed through this city a few
days ago, on his way home after some
years' residence in Southern China, Carl
Weiner, an Austrian engineer. Mr.
Weiner was at Wuchow when the re
port reached there of the rebel ad
vance on that city, and he paints a
strange picture of the sudden evacua
THE SAS FRANCISCO CALL, SL>DA "■", OCTOBER », 1898.
Rising of the Black Flags in China
Carl Werner, a returned American engineer, re
counts his very lively experiences in a Chi
. nese city attacked by the insurgents.
tion of the town. He says the signi
ficance- of the outbreak cannot be over
estimated, for, although apparently but
a provincial uprising. It is the child
play that must soon grow into a man
affair, all of which means the over
throw of the present power. Those who
are at the bottom of the trouble are
members of the young China party,
which during the last few years has
sent emissaries abroad wherever there
an- numbers of Chinese. They have
succeeded most wonderfully in enlist
ing sympathy. This party has sworn
noi only to have a new government and
policy, but new rulers and officials on
every side. To accomplish this young
China has gained the sympathy— much
of it being paid sympathy— of the Tai
pings, a great many of whom are in
the Wuchow district. It has been said
at Hongkong and other settlements
that the rising is but a local affair, and
that importance is attached to it only
on the ground that it began in the same
province as the old Taiping rebellion.
There are some, too, who, hearing the
rumors, dismiss them, for they know
that th- people of this district are the
most troublesome in all the empire.
They are mostly Kwangs, and they
are the people who crops the Pacific
and after a few years' residence abroad
their characters are changed without
being Improved,, and on their return
they become ultra-radical. always
looking fortrouble.
Mr. Weiner was at Wuchow on the
memorable Saturday when messengers
arrived, announcing 1 the news that the
rebels were advancing with their ban
ners and the terrible "Black Flag"
waving in the fore. On receipt of this
information, which was mouthed about
the city, all were thrown into a panic.
Bullock carts were at a premium and
long trains laden with goods and val
uables were soon on their way to Can
ton. Boats, Junks and sampans were
hired bj every one who could afford
them, and as" fast as possible th?lr
money and valuables were shipped to
escape t h.- tooting and pillage which
must be the Inevitable resuli of the
place Calling into the hands of the in
surgents. Mr. Weiner joined the exo
dus, for ho had no desire to be prew nt
at the fall of Wuchow.
"If I had remained another day." he
said, "I might not have been able to
reach here and tell you the tale."
At Canton he found the Chinese au
thorities had taken flight and were
hastily making preparations to repel
the invaders. But Chinese methods are
notoriously behind the times, and the
rebels were allowed to gain a fast hold
on many districts before the authori
ties were prepared and the chance of
nipping the revolution in the bud was
lost.
The authorities purchased 3000 Mau
ser rifles and a number of machine
guns which were sent to Wuchow, but
It is doubtful if they were ever re
ceived, for it is repotted that the con
voy Joined the rebels and the arms
were used against the very authorities
who purchased them. The three or four
native banks of Wuchow were taken
by the insurgents when the city fell.
"Rebellions in China," Mr. Weiner
continued, "generally come to grief
owing to the Chinese greed for loot,
all order being lost in the rush for per
sonal gain. The leaders are unable to
restrain their followers even if, as sel
dom happens, they are not themselves
a party to mercenary motives. The
leaders in the present revolution are,
beside Dr. Sun Vat Sen— the Chinese
saved from the clutches of his country
men at the legation in London — two
French adventurers and a German
army captain. The ranks are full of
Anamites and deserters from the
The Chinese representative of the insurgents, who has Just reached
Victoria, tells what his friends hope to do in the attack on
the EmDire.
French army stationed at Tonquin,
and a few Black Flags, who have long
been known as the best fighting men in
China worthy of the name. This,
coupled with the fact that they are
being led by foreigners, is significant of
what may result, for the Chinaman is
a good soldier when given a good lead
er, as was fully demonstrated by Gen
eral Gordon's 'ever victorious army.
"It is fully believed that the insur
gents can make matters very warm for
the imperial troops and this was shown
a short time ago when they succeeded
in capturing nine cities of Kwang Si
and penally defeated the imperial
troops in two great battles.
"The rebels are treating the people
very well," said Mr. Welner. "They
distribute among the peasants and
small shopkeepers a large portion of
the money and valuables seized in the
captured cities and are distributing
far and wide pamphlets setting forth
the misery and wretchedness, even the
degradation which has fallen to the lot
of 'Chinese as a result of the greed, ig
norance and intolerance of Manchu
rian rulers. They declare their inten
tion to promptly regard each Milage
t<»wn or city that supplies fighting
men without impressment. the insur
"lt the battle of Wuchow the insur
gents fought a division under the com
mand of no less a personage than Lao
Yun, a brigadier general in the Chinese
army After the fall of the city fifteen
hundred dead and wounded were left
Son the field and according to Chinese
custom the wounded were killed by
the victors. A majority of the purple
MINING FOR GOLD IN SEA WATER
ow metai as a Dy-proauct m tne salt works around San
Experiments on toot to gatne y away $40 000 annually in loose gold.
MINING gold in concentrated
sea water on a salt marsh is a
novel proposition, yet that is
what a California scientist in
tends to do very soon.
I Llleht to calculate on the
ThuS ! " f h ;;,,;i gold floating around ta
amount of loose g lt work c
the ocean figure out that tne q]
on the Alameda sh ore o wing
San Francisco are more of gold afte,
away $40.000 -nor th or mo re o bay watfi]
evaporating a » tte or that the
for salt' ***^*%M > n solUti ° r
= $io^orthof^d_ ayo]
The man wh° has c one (
recovering at least a sHsh^ P
oi this gold is J. _" • assayer ol
Quietly for years on the recovery o,
S0 Mr f pa mcßtppToaSesm cß tppToaSes the problem b,
md rectum and proposes the novel ide*
S making it a by-product of the manu
flcTure of salt by evaporating s«
:. !,r. His idea briefly is to start ir
with the high
ly concentrated
"bittern" which
is thrown away
at such salt
works after the
salt is secured,
instead of be
ginning opera
tions on the nor
mal sea water.
He would start
in with raw ma
terial having an
assay value IOC
times greater
than plain sea
water. This $40.
1000 worth oi
gold that is
thrown away on the Alameda salt
thrown in ""J'JK.H&.Sd there is
marshes in mal s ni |\ t pro duced there is
small amount y = ' o£ tne amount
but a smau i < brt his ssacm c world's
"Z't"lln>* pVi t by ttl. »- »'«hod
"nSStf^M .hat »»«■ «ss:
,i ' v'uVr, then ot the presence o( ars on
covered gold in sea water. SiUer nau
Kn discovered in «» water to «jl.
Other chemists in other parts of the
world confirmed the discovery.
The contribution has attracted the
the subject which has attracted the
most attention was that of Professor
Tiversidce of the New South Wales
ttoval Society, who found that the sea
water off New South Wales contained
from five-tenths to ten-tenths of a
grain of gold to the ton. or from two to
four cents' worth. Professor Liversidge
estimated the bulk of the oceans of the
world at 307,710,679 cubic miles. He
figured it out that on this basis and
nt one grain of gold to the ton the
world's oceans held in solution $48,000.
000,000 worth of gold. This is but a
bagatelle compared with all the gold in
the earth's composition and awaiting
prospectors and assayers. It illustrates
the universality of this hard-to-get
metal, which a smart assayer can now
find in almost every brick and cobble-
St-OTIG
S At only three cents a ton the gold in
the waters of San Francisco Bay would
be worth over $328,000,000.
"I find the gold in the ocean water
proper." said Mr. Pack, "only in solu
tion and amounting to about 0.5 of a
grain— in value about 2 cents— while
the gold in the San Francisco Bay. is
probably about twice that amount, but
coated corpses after being horribly
mutilated, were cast in the SI Klang
and for days after the people above the
Tower dam gloated their morbid curi
osity by watching the dead drift down
ward to the sea."
When Mr. Weiner left Canton the in
surgents were pressing forward toward
the city, but it was not thought by Eu
ropeans that they would dare essay its
capture, for the leaders know full well
that such a course would result in for
eign intervention. There is, however,
in Canton much sympathy for the
rebels.
It was in 1644 that the Mings, whom the
present insurgents are endeavoring to
reinstate, were ousted by the Manchu
rians. This revolution began with a
rebellion in the province of Honan and
Shenshl. The rising spread, and in
1645 Peking was captured. The Empe
ror escaped with his daughter, but
finding capture inevitable, stabbed her
r.nd hanged himself. With the capture
of Peking the power of the rebels
waxed very strong and all the impe
rial forces surrendered, save the army
of Manchuria, which was commanded
by a general named Woosankwel. Fail
ing to capture the city, the rebels se
cured the brave general's father, bring
ing him in chains before the walls,
where they threatened to put him to
death by horrible torture unless his son
surrendered. Woosankwel refused and
the old man perished. To avenge his
father's death, Woosankwei made an
alliance with the northern tribes, and
together they defeated the rebels. Af
ter the conquest the Manchurian mon
arch, who had meanwhile joined forces
with the victors, remained in Peking,
where he pronounced himself ruler of
China, thereby founding the present
dynasty against which the rebels of
to-day are fighting.
INSURGENT SOCIETIES
In San Francisco.
EXCITEMENT in San Francisco's
Chinese quarter over the rebell
ion in China is more intense
than has ever before been no
ticeable, even during the periodi
cal highbinder riots. Placards written
on gaudy colored paper are posted in
every conspicuous place, and the usual
ly stoical faces of the Llongols actually
exhibit something like interest in the
more than serious news that is being
tossed about from mouth to ear. The
various "tongs" (secret societies) are
crowded both day and night, and all
the members are anxious to hear some
thing in the way of confirmatory news
of the Emperor's death. At the Con
sulate little can be learned save the
fact that they consider the situation
very serious, but all are convinced that
the death of the Emperor means an
end to the rule of the Manchurian.
The merchants seem more willing
than usual to express opinions on the
grave political condition of China. All
seem to realize that the time has come
-v^r, tho noonle are to be heard, and
largely in a finely divided state, only
a portion being in solution.'
This additional value is due to the
gold in its natural or pure state which
floats in infinitesimally small particles
in the water and is mixed with its
muddy elements after having been
borne downward from the gold fields
of the interior valleys by the rivers.
The purely ocean waters of the bay
present only the normal amount of
gold in solution as a bromide, iodide
or chloride of gold.
In the practical process of evapora
tion at salt works the salts of the vari
ous mineral elements crystallize out of
the solution at different periods. The
calcium drops out first and then the
water is drawn off to another vat where
the chloride of sodium or salt crystal
lizes as evaporation proceeds. Before
all the salt has crystallized out of the
solution and before other salts crystal
lize and spoil the salt the solution is
drawn off leaving the pure salt in the
vat. The residue or "bittern" contains
in a highly concentrated solution all
the mineral elements except the cal-
T»)e Black Flags KiU'OS the Remnants of ar> Imperial Eatta;;oQ
oium and sodium. The magnesium
would crystallize next if the process
were continued. The gold which is
present is not discoverable by the or
dinary processes of chemical analysis
and if it is not specially sought, gen
erally by electrolytic process, it es
capes observation.
When the residue or bittern is run
out of the vats in which the salt has
crystallized it ha: been reduced in vol
ume about 100 times. If the original
sea water contained 2 cents' worth of
gold to the ton this residue would con
tain $2 worth to the ton.
The problem set by Mr. Pack is the
invention of a process which will prof
itably recover gold from a solution of
bromide or iodide of gold carrying
values of $2 a ton or a little less. There
will be no element of speculation in the
reduction because the values will be
constant.
No process for getting gold from its
a few sanguine ones are confident that
the fall of the hated northern Tartar
is near at hand, all of which means a
return of the Ching family to tha
throne, or the organization of a
stroneer and more liberal form of gov
ernment. Either change would be con
sidered a distinct gum for the people,
for they all declare themselves tired of
the corruption and misrule of the party
in power. Li Hung Chang is thorough
ly hated by the Chinese of this coun
try, and they have less confidence in
the wisdom of the Dowager Empress.
At the offices of the Ghee Kung Tong
— the simon pure revolutionary society
of this country — the excitement has
about reached the boiling point, and
its members do not hesitate to say that
they think the Emperor has been as
sassinated, and even intimate that the
murder was done by one of their num
ber. They claim to be thoroughly fa~
miliar with the visit of their agent to
Victoria, and say his mission to that
British province is to collect funds, and
aid the Ghee Kung Tong in every pos
sible manner in its attempt to over
throw the present imperial Government
of China. They say that shipments
of arms from the port of Victoria has
been going on for some time, and will
continue so long as it is deemed neces
sary, or they are called to a halt by
the English Government.
Eli Tia Kee, a member of the firm of
Wing Chong Wo & Co., and a very in
telligent man, born in this country but
educated in China, gave his views on
the subject as follows: "'We are very
much in the dark as to what has been
done in China during the last few days.
We all feel that something serious ha 3
happened, but we are unable, so far, to
get anything like satisfactory news
through the regular channels. The
Minister at Washington, in reply to
our telegrams, sa'-^ 'I have not been
officially notified of the Emperor's
death,' and we can't get another word
out of him. We all know that the in
surgents are 1 aking it very lively for
the imperial troops in Southern China,
and from all we can learn through
private correspondence the rebels seem
to have a shade the better of the game.
"Yes, I think every Chinese who has
seen anything of the world would very
willingly take up arms against the
present dynasty. Of course you know
that we do not consider them even
countrymen— l say we with considera
ble reservation, for I am a native of
California— but I moan the Chinese peo
ple. The Manchurians are in power,
however, and have been for a few hun
dred years, during which time the
country and its people have been stead
ily deteriorating, and I believe any
change of rulers would be warmly wel
comed. Could we but have something
in the way of a liberal and progressive
government for China, you would see
one of the greatest'booms in trade that
the world has witnessed for many a
year.
"The empire is rich in natural re
sources, and could be made the great
est mining and agricultural country on
earth. Its many rivers offer the cheap
est of all means of transportation. All
that is needed is steam, iron and a lot
of Yankee enterprise to make China a
great commercial power."
bromide, iodide or chloride on an In
dustrial plan and scale as is now done
with its cyanide has ever been sought
until Mr. Pack began.
Most of the silver now produced is
a by-product of copper, lead and gold
mines which are not worked for the
silver.
"To me it is simply a practical busi
ness proposition." said Mr. Pack, "and
I shall experiment as I am abl^ to in
a practical way and without forming
any companies. As a business proposi
tion I now regard this bittern as worth,
from 50 cents to $1 50 a ton. An elec
trolytic method appears to me most
promising."
Almarin B. Paul, the well-known pio
neer mining engineer and writer on
mining themes, was the first to intro
duce the cyanide process En this State
a few years ago and he has given
much study to this subject, which is
kindred to Mr. Pack's problem. In dis
cussing Mr. Pack's idea he said:
"I have read Mr. Pack's article and
I consider his suggestion worthy of
consideration and experiment. If there
is $1 50 worth of gold in the material it
can probably be recovered with profit,
but the discovery of a process is a mat
ter for experiment and probably of loss
in the early I ges of development.
"Everything depends upon how
cheaply gold may be recovered from
its bromide or iodide and upon the
quantity that can be worked at once.
Processes are constantly getting cheap
er. The cost of operating the cyanide
process varies from 50 cents to $3 a ton
according to conditions. A process that
will profitably handle bittern for its
gold' must have a very low cost in
power, labor, time and so on. I regard
Mr. Pack's idea as a practical possi
bility as well as interesting in a scien
tific way."
At the Soda Fountain.— Party Waiting?—
Where's my order? .
Waiter— Coming, sir. Your wink is be
ing deciphered.— Detroit Journal.
2122
SHALL WE KEEP THE PHILIPPINES?
Destiny of the Islands From a Filipino's Standpoint.
Ramoi) Reyes La!a Declares Tijat flnnexation or
Ultimate Independence Is the Only Solution
That Will Be Considered by the Insur
gents and He Explains Wh>y-
Ramon Rpyes Lela, who is now in New York. Is the only native of
the Philippines in the United States with the exception of the two dele
gates who ire on their way to present the cla ms of the nattvi before
the Paris Peace Commission. Mr. Lela is a member of a wealthy and in
fluential native family. He was educated in St. Johi • London,
and was for many years- prominent In the business and social 111
Manila. As a result of his interest in th ■ revolul • the
natives, h^ was compelled to change his residt States
a few years ago. He is a representative of : ntelHgent and
high-minded Filipinos, :md his remark sting as giving
the views of the people most interesi : hilip
pines. Mr. Lela is at present engaged In writing a history of the islands.
SO much has been written about
the Philippines in a purely de
scriptive way that I presuppose
some knowledge of them.
This article has to deal with a
few of the problems that will soon ask
for solution at the hands, of the con
quering Americans.
I believe America has an unparalleled
opportunity— an opportunity not only
for wealth and commercial advantage,
but also for humanity and for civiliza
tion.
Though Manila is at present in the
hands of the Americans all the rest.
of Luzon and most of the other islands
are held by the insurgents, who have
also taken lioilo and Cebu, the two
other chief ports. The Peace Com
mission appointed by the President If
to decide, it is said, what is to be done
with the islands. This at least seems
to be the idea of the administration;
but whatever the commission may de
cide, I, as a Filipino— with a thorough
knowledge of my countrymen and of
the conditions, assert that the decision
of this commission can in no way af
fect the destiny of the archipelago.
This may seem a strange statement,
but it is nevertheless true. Suppose
that the Americans decide to keep the
islands, which are now virtually theirs
by right of conquest and possession—
the natives will receive the exchange
of Spanish tyranny for American lib
erty ail too gladly. There will be no
opposition; for this is the logic of des
tiny and in line with -the trend of
events.
Should, however, the commission de
cide that the Southern Islands shall be
given back to Spain while .Luzon alone
is retained by the United States be
lieve me, this decision will be rendered
impossible by the attitude of the na
tives themselves for the Visayas, the
inhabitants of the Southern islands,
are even more fierce and warlike than
the Tagalos, the natives of the North,
and will surely not brook Spanish mis
rule while their brothers are enjoying
the benefits of American civilization.
Suppose, furthermore, that the commis
sion decides to give S>l the islands back
to Spain, the United States to retain a
coaling station, and to receive indem
nity for losses incurred while in the
Orient?
The money might be paid and the
coaling station would probably be
given up; but the islands can never
again come Into Spanish possession. I
will tell you how I know this. Even
in 1896 the Society of the Katipunan,
founded by the Philippine martyr, Dr.
Rizal, whose sw >m object it was to
drive the Spanish from the
archi; [mbered 300,000 members.
Within thi months this order
has grown trei ■ . after
victory over th ared Spaniard
was won by Aguinaldo and his en
thusiastic followers. The back of th->
Spanish power was broken and tho
morale of their army was forever de
stroyed. The natives found that when
equally armed a Filipino was as good
as a Spaniard any day. Thus the
of the insurgents has been
strengthened, and the Katipunan now
numbers 600,000 members, all of whom
have sworn that their country shall be
free from Spanish rule.
This is not commonly known, but it
■ •-, and I do not believe that even
I 3 laniards will now be able to
conquer my country and keep it In sub
jection. The Filipinos have tasted the
sweets of liberty and the fruits of vic
tory. They will not and cannot be de
prived (" them.
The Spaniards have broken every
promise that they have ever made and
they can no longer be trusted. Far
different is the feeling toward the
Arre. leans, who are now regarded by
th.? natives as their deliverers from
Spanish bondage. Rut if the Ameri
cans give the islands back to Spain,
they, as well as the Spaniards, will in
cur the eternal hatred of the islanders.
Now this is what the Filipinos want,
and this I know is what they consider
themselves entitled to haye — fact, it
is commonly understood in the islands
that the following has been guaran
teed them by their American allies:
Independence from Spanish rule
shall be proclaimed.
A protectorate shall be established
with a government designated by
the American representatives and
approved by the insurgent leaders.
This government will recognize
such temporary adjustments as may
be made by the American or Euro
pean commissioners.
If a protectorate be established, it
will be of the same kind and nature
as arranged for Cuba.
The ports of the Philippines shall
be opened free to the commerce of
the world.
Precautionary measures shall be
adopted against Chinese immigra
• tion, so as to regulate their competi
tion., with the natives, who at pres
ent suffer severely thereby.
The corrupt judicial system at
present existing in the islands shall
be promptly reformed — such reform
to be intrusted to competent Ameri
can officials.
The complete liberty of speech, of
association and of the press shall
be declared and maintained.
'Religious toleration must be made
general throughout the islands: but
the friars or religious corporations,
of whom there are about 5000, who
I have been a cancer in the body poli
tic, and who have ever ruled the
provinces with an iron hand, de
moralizing the civil administration
and blasting every reform, must be
expelled root arid branch. . . .
The parish priests, whose pres
ence is most necessary and bene
ficial. must remain undisturbed in
the performance of their sacred
calling.
Ihtea'sures conducive to th<-> dis
covery and development of the great
natural resources of the country
rrmsi be adopted and at once en
forced.
The existing obstacles to the
forming of commercial enterprises
and investment of foreign capital
shall be take.n away and encourage
merit shall b* given tc every induS*
■SMV.
The new government shall keep
puMic order and prevent every act
of reprisal against Spaniards.
The development of the public
wealthshall be facilitated, together
•with the openin" of roads and road-
ways.
Restoration to the natives' of the
lands held by the religious orders;
except where lawfully acquired by,
the latter. .
No arrest without a Judge's war
rant.
. Abolition of the fifteen days' com
pulsory labor.
The Spanish officials shall be al
lowed to return safely:, to Spain,
with. their property confiscated.
These are the reforms that my coun
trymen demand and expect True, all
of this ay not be attained at a
bound; nor is it reasonable to expect
it. but they fee! that they at least have
America's; guaranty that those things
shall sooner or later be done.
Thirty revolutions have been waged
in the Island! to secure these reforms.
•Should America deny the freedom so
long desired and so bitterly fought for,
thirty more would follow in bloody
succession until liberty became a glori
ous fact.
My vountrymei- desire above all
things an v They
this sven above independ<
knowing theJ- shortcomings and
"We heard then) outside plotting to Kill us, so W2 sat With our gur)S it) har)d ail nigr)t."
that the road to self-government is
• with many dangers.
. merica withholds her guiding
and helpful hand then the Filipinos de
sire to. try th< if govern-!
ment for themselves, free from Span
ish influence.
rule of any other country would
also be - . scted; and rejected, if need
be, by force, for the Filipim a are well
aware that a Euro] ny usually
means European exploitation.
It fct-'MMs to me, therefore, that an
lean proi I nation,
will be th< utc me of the situa
tion.
The value of the archipelago as a
erclal center, a strategic base
and as a vantage ground for the tre
mendous trade with Asia, is apparent
at a glance. ill and the
Philippines in nor ; a America
should fear no competitor.
And th i. t! • Islands :
wonderful Inducements to the American
itor. The mineral wealth of the
colony is fabulous. It is a tro]
Klondike. Fortunes ai*" awaits him
vhu will put eniepj-ris*- and a working
capital Into sugar, tobacco, coffee, hemp
and Lumber industries. With the most
primitive machinery even many of the
uncultivated and oppressed natives
have been a.bie to reap great wealth,
while the Chinese, by their slow but
sure methods have often made enor
mous fortunes. The agricultural re*
sources of the Isl manifold
and truly splendid, and American en
terprise should make it of them.
Not more than one-sixth of the land
cultivation. There is no
reason why Luzon should not be an
other Java, why Mi should not
become a second Ceylon. This is Amtr
ica's opportunity and ours.
True, many problems ask for. solu
tion. It will take diplomatic manipu
lation to reconcile the race differences
among my countrymen. But it can be
done. i H-':! r - k;? V' "-Kl-Cl
On account of the great . number of
islands and the multitude of races-
between whom there Is a strong feel
ing of jealousy— l am afraid that r a
native republic at present would end
in failure. But give us. a Philippine
protectorate and a congress at/Manila,
to which representatives from every
race and from every province can be
sent — so that every Filipino will have
his own representative — and this prob
lem will be on the way to a proper
solution. Let Americans control the
archipelago, and within • twenty-five
years thousands of investors will
flock to the colony, a network of rail
ways will be spread over the principal
islands, and new ports will be opened.
The result will be that the productive- 1
ness of the colorvy will be greatly aug
mented, and its trade with the outside
world v.'Hl be -increased tenfold. At
the same time the natives themselves
will have learned , self-reliance and.
self-government— the first and truest
lessons of civilization. In addition
thereto they will be contented, free
and happy, while their American pro
tectors will have been repaid a thou
sand fold for the expense and trouble
of their occupation.
It is America's duty, therefore, as
well as her opportunity. My country
man need ;t helping hand in this new
path that they have chosen. Will
Brother Jonathan help us? or will he
stand by while ottf ancient enemy
again despoils us?
When the United States shall assume
control over the group — and I have
n, I think, that n«> other solution
of the question is possible, and when
she shall have Instituted the various
retorniß mentioned above, she will liud
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
a hearty co-operation on the part of my
countrymen — who will as a rule be
fuund docile and obedient.
It will, however, greatly simplify
matters if some one with tact ami
firmness be appointed governor of the
colony, for there are many petty jeal
- to be overcome — many things to
be avoided.
Furthermore, it is not to be expected
that my countrymen will accept at once
an Occidental civilization and West
ern self-assertiveness in its entirety.
Such acceptance must be gradual, and
will be a work of many years; but if
Americanism — modified by the native
character and by the complex condi
tions of the East — flourish there 'after
being carefully nurtured for a century
the United States will have accomplish
ed a great work for the good of the
world.
I have already spoken of the material
benefits to be derived from American
control, and vet 1 have heard it assert
ed that it will require a standing army
of 25,000 Americans to keep the natives
from murdering each other, and that
this will entail an expense which will
neutralize the commercial profits of the
Americans.
This can in no event be true. Such
an army may be necessary for a year,
but tlie natives themselves will event
ually'form th<- guar<! for civil protec
tion and for defense against foreign as
gTession, and such army can be sup
ported entirely by home taxation. Nor
need such tax be onerous. With an ef
ficient and economic administration the
colony should be self-supporting in five
;ifter the Americans assume en
tire control. Even under the inefficient,
ipt and disastrous Spanish regime
(before the recent revolution had made
a large army necessary) the colony was
administered with but little aid from
the home government.
I would suggest that the American
Government appoint an administrative
advisory council or cabinet of nine
teen, composed of a native trom every
civil province who is conversant with
the conditions there.
Let the provincial governors for the
present also be Americans — not politi
cians, but jurists of ability and renown,
for the office combines Judicial as \v*»li
as executive functions, and much re
vision and application of law will be
found necessary, should the ofnce of
provincial governor, as well as that of
representative to the congress, be made
elective, when the natives shall possess
the franchise, which I believe should be
based upon both an educational and
property qualification. The minor
offices should all be filled by natives.
Hy this system the skeleton of the pres
ent government would be maintained
and there would be no violent changes.
A democratic despotism— if such a
paradox is permissible — is what the col
ony needs before it can be made ready
for all the functions of true democratic
government.
The church should be left alone where
it does not interfere with the functions
of government. I have heard that con
siderable activity has been manifested
by some of the American Protestant
churches, who are getting ready for a
•Christian propaganda" among the
"heathen Filipinos."
This activity. 1 think, is entirely un
called for. We are, and profess to be,
Christians, and it is just as nect-ssary
and as logical for American Protest
ants to christianize American Catho
lics as the Catholics of the Philip
pines. Indeed, it is my belief that
Catholicism, with its ritualism and
ous ceremonials, is more suited to
the character of the natives than the
colder forms of Protestant belief,
which have never flourished on Oriental
soil.
The friars should be expelled, for
they are religious corporations that
have no soul and that are unassailable
and irresponsible, but the church, with
its excellent system of parish spiritual
government and Its gentle, refining in
fiuence on the native character, should
'intained Inviolate, though the
- aration between church and state
should be made complete.
I will conclude by saying a few words
about my countrymen. We have had, as
all the world knows, but few opportuni
ties, and yet I challenge any other na
tive colonial race — the people of Java
and of British India not excepted —to
.-how ;t finei people than the best Phil
ippine product. All visitors testify to
their refinement, honesty and hospital-
"They danced shouting around him brandishing their weapons."
ity, and not a few have shown remark
able artistic tulent, as, for instance, the
Luna brothers, whose genius tonk all
Madrid by storm, and Dr. Rizal, poet,
scientist and patriot.
We have OUT n^ichant princes too.
and our great lawyers who have
shown exceptional ability and judicial
Integrity, under the most demoralizing
and discouraging circumstances. And
the victories of EmUio Agulnaldo and
his army of natriots. have clemon-
Btrated to thp world what the Filiuino
Is capable 61 in the field of war.
RAMON REYES LALA.
■ o ■
Among coin collectors, one of the
most sought after colonial pieces is the
Highly copper. They are of several va
rieties and were struck in 1737 by Sam
uel Highly, who was a physician and a
blacksmith at Granby, Conn. He ob
tained the copper from a mine near by
and shaped the coins at his forge.
INTERVIEWED A CANNIBAL CHIEF.
flenwkable Adventures of a Scientist.
Explorer yon Brenner Perpetrated the Wilds of Su
matra and Discussed Cannibalism Witb the
Head Men-Odd Explanations They
Gave for the Custon).
Special to The Sunday Cnil.
ERLIN, Oct. 3, 1898.— The first scientific study of cannibals and cannibal-
T~) ism is shortly to be published as a result of the experiences of an Aus
r\ trian scientist and explorer. Joachim Freiherr yon Brenner, who recently
U returned from Sumatra where he has been for several years engaged in
the study of the native blacks. Included in the equipment with which he
started out was a camera, with which he has taken several hundred very
striking and interesting photographs to illustrate every point of his story.
Although Yon Brenner's work was undertaken for the sake of its scientific
value in the fields of geography, history and anthropology, his experiences
will include much that is of popular Interest and entertainment. As maybe
readily believed, it was an undertaking of some hardihood to study atrlDe
of cannibals at close range, and when the young Austrian an noun ed Ws
purpose he met with considerable opposition from his friends and a ssoc a tes
who freely prophesied that he would never return to announce the "suit or
his undertaking. Even after his arrival in Deli, the Du^. . re .§J, c r n \f' " h °
had had some experience with the half-civilized natives, did their, best to
persuade him to give up his project, and it was with great difficult* tn« ne
secured an outfit with which to penetrate into the interior of the couritrj
where alone, of all lands known to white men, cannibalism is st J",,"f "\ a " J
practiced. Yon Brenner's account of his experiences after leaMng cm.iiza
tion. though told in plain and modest language, shows that the tears 01 nis
friends and advisers were not altogether ungrounded. r.r, n  a „ B m
From conversations he had with natives on the subject of cannibalism
Explorer yon Brenner came to the conclusion that except among the very^iow
est and most degraded of the savages with whom he came in contact, canni
balism was caused not so much by the liking for human flesh as by tseae
sire to complete the humiliation and destruction of enemies. Many curiou ?
customs and strange legends are reported by Yon Brenner as the result or
his journeys through a country inhabited by more than 200.000 primitive sav
ages, but there is nothing in all his notes quite so extraordinary asms mtei
view with a cannibal on cannibalism— the first ever publisneu.
I SET out on my trip to the land of
the Bataks after having secured
by inducements, which to them ap
peared extraordinary, a caravan of
thirty-six carriers. There was but
one European in the party besides my
self. We were conducted by a native
guide from one of the hill tribes, who
was recommended as a thoroughly
trustworthy man, and who indeed
proved invaluable ;is time went on.
Our course lay over the high mountains
which lie a few miles back from the
at Deli, and beyond which is the
land of the Bataks, in which, as far as
I have been able to find, no European
had hitherto set foot For the purpose
of Ingratiating myself with the blacks
I carried a large supply of all kinds of
glass beads, mirrors, knives and vari
ous colored%;loths, especially a sort of
red cloth with gold border, which the
blacks esteem very highly.
The partially civilized tribes that I
came across in the earlier stages of my
journey afforded many opportunities for
iteresting study, and our progress was
therefor." slow, Cor 1 reasoned that the
thoroughly I understood the cu«
toma and ways of thes- people the bet
ter I should be able to understand those
in the wilderness beyond, which was
our ultimate destination.
One peculiar custom, which was na
turally among the first to impress itself
upon me and which apparently prevails
among all the natives of the island, is
the method of preserving the dead. The
body is burned but the head is placed in
a small basket on top of a bamboo pole
as thick as a man's arm, and thatched
over the top with the leaves of the
sugar palm. Here it is left to bleach
and dry and the sight of these ghastly
sign posts w"hich we frequently came
across was anything but reassuring. In
some places the head is not detached,
but the entire body is hung up in a
sort of wicker-work wrapping, suspend
ed between two posts several feet above
the ground, and It is possible to view
through the Interstices in the basket
work the ghastly remains which the
breezes awing to and fro us they would
a hammock, with a most uncanny ef
fect.
Among the natives whom I first en
countered I was an object of mild but
intensely curious interest. It seemed to
give them great delight to gather in
crowds and watch me whenever I went
in bathing. The sight of a man bathing
was not new to them, but it was ap
parently the first time they had ever
seen such a thing as a cake of soap, and
the lather produced by it was a marvel
to all beholders. But it was impossible
to get any of them to try its effects.
The natives laughed at my custom of
eating with a knife and fork, and ex
plained over and over again that it was
much easier to use the fingers.
By using the passport provided by
many gifts of cloths and beads to the
tribal chiefs, my progress was com
paratively easy, until we entered the
territory of one tribe which was at war
with its neighbors. These would not
permit our caravan to pass until the
Impending battle was fought. This gave
me an excellent opportunity to observe
the native manner of carrying on war.
and I watched the battle in company
with the women and children o-f the
tribe, from the top of a neighboring
hill. It was a strange sight, several
thousand naked Malays advancing in
irregular lines, in semicircles, to meet
upon an open plain. Each party had
guns bought from native traders, who
had introduced them from the Dutch
settlements, but they were used almost
as effectively as the Spaniards use
theirs.
The savages advanced with terrific
shouts, trying to frighten their t.-ppo
nents. Each man had loaded his gun
with a tremendous cnarge of powder,
which he fired when he was ready. As
the gun went off he fell howling to the
ground from the "kick" of the heavy
load. This noisy firing, harmful to the
owners of the guns alone, continued for
about half an hour, when a shower
came up and all the combatants
rushed back to their huts for shelter.
The battle was over.
Although the tribe with which I hap
pened to be admitted itself beaten by
the greater noise of the enemy (there
was not a soul killed or wounded), they
returned as if they had been victorious
and gave up the night to singing and
feasting. The battle was to be renewed
next day, so a war dance took place,
but the women, not the warriors, did
the dancing. When the whole tribe had
gathered a middle-aged woman rose
and began to stamp the ground in time
to the rude music of the drum and cala
bash. Her movements became quicker
and quicker, she loosened her hair, her
eyes flashed, she seemed to be a raging
witch. The chief joined the dance for
a few minutes, and as he resumed his
seat three other women dashed forward
and joined the wild dance, shrieking
and jumping as if possessed. Suddenly
the music ceased, the dancers paused,
deathlike stillness prevailed. The lead-
Ing dancer was given a mixture of palm
wine and camphor to refresh her. She
danced again more wildly until she fell
exhausted to the ground, where she lay
repeating visions of victory on the mor
row.
At the village of Lontong I was made
a prisoner, along with my carriers, The
chief had been very friendly when we
first appeared, and we had no means of
knowing why he had made us captives,
but the prospect was very discouraging.
From where I was seated in the native
hut which served a-s a prison, and which
was guarded by two stalwart blacks
armed with j;igge<l w;ir clubs. I could
overhear an earnest discussion going on
among tht- warriors who had gathered
a short distance away.
The guide who was beside me told me
that they were discussing the fate of
their prisoners, and as the babble oZ
conversation went on he interpreted
such remarks as "We must overcome
them while they sleep, slay and eat
them." It is needless to say such a
prospect was sufficient to banish every
thought of sleep. The guide inform
ed me that there were two parties to
the discussion; one wished to kill and
eat us and the other to let us pass. We
had no means of knowing which would
prevail, and we sat all night with our
seven guns loaded and ready for in
stant use. and <>ur pistols by our sides.
There was a tumult in the early morn
ing and we gripped the guns, ready to
sell our lives as dearly as possible.
There were cries of "'The enemy! the
enemy!" and soon it appeared that a
neighboring tribe had attacked the vil
lage, carrying off two of its women.
A little later the chief called to see
me and said: "What if we keep you to
work in our fields for a year or two?"
I answered. "You would not do such a
thing, " and to prove that I did not fear
him, 1 grave the chief a handsome pistol,
which delighted his savage heart and
apparently restored him to the great
est friendliness. Seeing that I had
made an impression. I added: "If you
dare to touch a hair of our heads, our
brothers will come and kill all of you."
The chief immediately declared that he
had no intention of injuring me, that,
in fact, he took me under his protection.
The next tribe that we fell in with
was the one I had come so far to study.
They received me goc-d naturedly be
cause their chief had just overcume the
head of a rival tribe, and they had en
joyed a great feast.
These natives in the interior of Su
matra are, I believe, as degraded can
nibals as ever lived. A man wiU steal
an enemy xvhen he te a*)£ep
with a sharp, scimiter-like sword, strike
off his head at a single blow. The:: n-
will strip the head of flesh and bury it
on some trail, so that even the friends
of the. dead man will step upon him
and lose his good will in the other
world. Afterward the skull is dug up
and kept as a trophy, the rank of each
prince being fixed according to the
number of skulls he can display.
During my stay I saw one man eat
en. He had been made captive in a
raid against a hostile tribe, and when
I saw him he was bound to a. tree. The
rajah, or chief, first approached the
victim and cut off the flesh from the
inner side of the forearm and the
cheek, two portions esteemed a great
delicacy. The chief drank some of the
blood and then roasted the flesh slight
ly by the fire and ate it. Thereafter'the
rest of the warriors fell upon the victim
and stripped the flesh from his bones,
roasted and ate it.
Generally, cannibalism is an act of
vengeance upon captured enemies, but
among the Popaks the taste for human
flesh has become so much developed
that they often eat harmless slwea and
Old women. A Popak Prince in Pen
ganibatan told me that he had just
given a feast at which eleven Chinese
had been eaten, and he added that they
were very good. This Prince, by name
Si Gallak, was very rich, having his
teeth gilded and wearing a ha sd.swme
jeweled collar, in the center of which
a tooth was set, the tooth of an enemy
whom he had slain and eaten. But he
himself soon fell a victim to his foes.
as evidenced by the skull and half
burned hand which I found some weeks
later in possession of a Batak chief.
Then a conversation took place some
what after this fashion:
"Where did you get that skull and
hand that you carry?"
"They belonged to an enemy who fell
into our hands."
"Did you eat him?"
"Yes. My brother-in-law and his peo
ple ate him. His namn was Si Kemnt Si
Gallak. He had fled from his country.
in which he was rajah, with his brother,
his wife and his mother. He called
himself a wizard, and sought to become
ruler of Pantjo, where my brother-in
law was chief. My brother-in-law de
clared war against him and captured
him."
"Was there a battle?"
"No. We took him prisoner. "We lay
in ambush in the rice fields, and when
we saw him pass through alone we
leaped unon him and brought him to
the rhief."
"And his brother?"
"We shot him at night while he was
asleep. The ball hit him in the right
arm, and he stood up holding a knife
in his left hand; but we were victorious,
for we were many; we knocked him
down and sent his head to the chief.
Don't you call that war."
"What happened to his body?"
"That— we ate it. The head? Our
chief put that in front of Si Kemat that
he might know what to expect."
"Couldn't he ransom himself?"
"Ransom? Impossible; he had to die."
"Didn't he cry?"
"Oh, yes, but that did no good; he
was bound fast."
"And then?"
"We ate him up, of course. The next
day when the sun ceased to rise and
had not begun to set (noon) we brought
Si Kemat out, threw him on the ground
with his face down, and my brother-in
law cu| his head off. He received the
heart and as much of the flesh as he
wanted, and whoever else wanted any
took and roasted it over the flre. What
was left we cooked with pepper and salt
and ate it at home. The large bones
were tied together, and on the follow
ing day we buried his head in the path
so that even his friends should tread
on It and make him their enemy."
"What happened to his wife?"
"I sold her at market for my' brother
in-law. Afterward we ate her too?"
BkuHr^ ai>e there 8 ° few teeth ln <the
"The people broke them out to deco-
r f t , e t, t ,t ir co J lar f- so that when they
♦S. lk £ «eße« eBe teeth uls the same as if
they hit Si Kamet on the mouth."LOS ANGELES, Oct. 5. 1898.— A
druggist in this city has on ex
hibition in a wire cage in his
show windows a Gila monster
brought from the alkali deserts
of Southern Arizona, and there has
been nothing in the line of natural his
tory shewn her" in a long time thnt has
attracted so much attention as this
reptile.
There is a great mass of fiction about
the fatal effects of the breath of a Gila
monster, and any amount of senseless
traditions among- the Indians and old
soldiers of the Southwest concerning
the blighting effects left by the crawl
ing of the reptile over any living plant
or animal. The reptile gets its name
from the Gila River region in Arizona,
where the soldiers stationed at old
Fort Yuraa found hundreds of them
years ago before the war. The Pima,
Apache, Maricopah and Yuma Indians
of the Southwest, who have little fear
of the bite of ._ Mexican centipede or a
rattlesnake, will hunt a Cilia monster
cautiously to its death and will even
go many miles to - i* I the country of one
of these reptiles, which they regard as
the most to be dreaded of anything
that crawls. Among the Cocopahs of
Southern California the tribal belief Is
that the most fearful vengeance that
may come to the spirit bodies of bad
Indians after this iife is to be bitten
by a red Gl-La minister that roams, un
seeji.by mortal eyes, over the adobe
plains waiting to snap at the red
sKinned savages inimical to the great
spirit chief.
• is a ridiculous mls
ptile is a combination
of ih- of India and Java and
the common lattlesnake of this coun
try. It has a counterpart in a reptile
f..und in the lava, b^ds of the Hawaiian
Is, but la the much deadlier of the
Many settlers in Arizona call the
ij-tl'jes "rattlesnake lizards," but it has
re hideous and startling appear
than a rattlesnake, and for that
: ably gave it the
:.ame of monster. The Gila monster is
about eighteen inches in length and in
girth about the size of a boy's arm.
its tai; is one-third i>f the body, and It
has a mottled or striped skin in red
dish yellow and dark brown. Its mouth
liar in shape to that of an alli
gator, and its little black eyes have the
appearance of those of the alli
farnily. It weighs from three to
four pounds. A true saurian, it ha^i r'nur
stubby legs, Bhaped and placed like
those of a lizard, but it has none of the
rapidity of motion of a lizard. It is
never found in damp, cool spots, tut in
the hottest sand or on the uryest sun
baked soil. Rattlesnakes do not stay in
the heat that the <.;i!u monster enjoys,
and it is doubtful if f-veu a
could stand a dally temperature
degrees for hours, whl^h the (lila mon
ster grow? fat on during midsummer
•weeks. It lives with rattlesnakes and
subsists like the snakes.
The head of the Glla monster Is much
like that of a small boaconstriotor and
the teeth are in double rows, thick and
very sharp. When the reptile bites —
It never sprlnps or strikes at its victim,
hut just simply bites — it means busi
for the grasp of the Jaws is some
thing marvelous. Anything once caught
between those two double rows of teeth
is held a* if In a vise-like steel trap.
The Indian? have a saying that a genu
ine Gila monster will not release a piece
Of flesh between Its Jays until the big
spirit in th mountains causes a thun
der, even If It takes all summer. It is
known by both whites and savages on
the df-.«orts of the Territory that it is
"worse than useless to attempt to forct
the Gila monster to release its hold
upon any person or animal, for that
only Increases the wound and the rep
tile in a rage manufactures fresh venom
In Its poison Backs in the roof of the
mouth and injects it into the cut and
torn flesh.
The Gila monster Is always killed
firm when it has bitten a human being
and then the Jaws are cut and pulled
away from the wound. The Maricopah
Indians do not attempt to release &.
member of their tribe who has been
t>i;t>-n by a Gila monster from th»k
dreadful little jaws, and it is generally
believed that they end th^ suffering*
of any hapless victim amonß them
selves by a deadly blow on the bead.
Th»y say the know no cure for the
poison of the reptiles.
When attacked the Gila monster re
treats about half his length and
crouches close to the ground, but rear
ing his head and neck in a fierce man
ner, whil>- a black, forked tongue over
an inch In length darts swiftly out of a
mouth abnormally wide and cavernous.
At the same time it <-mit.s a hiss, joir"'v
with a creaking noise, wh'ch ; s nsade
by scraping either its claw.-;, which ap
pointed an " sharp, or the rough scales
of its body v. Ti the stones or gravel
beneath it. if this demonstration fails
to repulse the aprgrops-.r th* Gila mon
ster will not hesitate, when thoroughly
angered, to make a map at the foe, be
it man or beast. Tt bites precisely as a
rattlesnnk.'. bul has none (•: the agility
of a serpent. But It will never attack
anything that it does not require for
food unless firft Interfered with. If es
cape be near in the shape of a burrow
in the ground or a hole In the rocks
large enough for its accommodation
th? monster will discreetly retire from
view and remain hidden until the ene
... ■ .. ' ■ . . • .-
my has retired.
One of the few authentic cases of re
covery from the bite of a Gila monster
is that of Walter H. Vail of Phoenix,
Ariz., who is one of the best-known
and wealthiest cattlemen in the Ter
ritory. While Mr. Vail was engaged in
a round-up of his cattle in the Gila
River region o' Arizona in IS9O he took
luncheon one day in a chaparral. He
went to resaddle his horse after the
meal and while picking up a saddle
cloth from the hot earth his hand was
bitten by a Gila monster that had
crawled there a moment before. Of
course Mr. Vail knew instantly that he
was probably a doomed man. His
ranchmen came to his aid at once. The
reptile was killed and the jaws were cut
away from Mr. Vall's hand.
Quicker than it takes to pen these
wolds the man's arm was bound tight
at the elbow to check the flow of blood,
the wound \vas cut open and strong
ammonia was poured in. while very co
pious draughts of whisky were poured
down Mr. Vails throat. He was put
■in a horse and accompanied by his
cowboys roile like mad for fifteen miles
to the home of a pnyslcian in Tucson.
Several brief stops were ma* t > force
more liquor down Mr. Vails throat and
to pour ummonia on the wound in the
hand. For three weeks Mr. Vail lay
almost between life and death at the
home of a physician in Tucson. Phy
sicians were summoned for consulta
tion from PZioenix and even from Los
Angeles, everything that money could
buy or science suggest was done for
the patient. He had a strong, vigorous
tution, and in the course of a few
months he was as well as ever. He is
still in the cattle business in the Ter
ritory. Every one in the Southwest has
heard of the wonderful recovery of
Walter Vail fror the bite of a Gila
monster.
Among the Yuma Indians is a squaw
who was bitten by one of the reptiles
over thirty years ago. What decoction
was given to the woman to save her
life or what the army physician at the
United States garrison there did for the
poor savage is now now known, but she
is pointed out by whites and Indians in
the town of Yuma as the only person
in that locality that ever survived the
; in of the Gila monster. The wo
man's leg which was bitten has shriv
eled away to half the size of the other
leg, and the squaw has been a semi
idiot ever since her accident. For sev
eral years she claimed to be deaf from
the effects of the reptile's venom.
The- period of suffering after a bite by
a Gila monster and before death comes
to a victim's relief is from twenty
minutes to two hours. A surgeon at
Fort Apache says he knows of the case
of a big, strapping Irish private in the
army service who was bitten by a Gila
monster while out hunting one day and
died in five minutes. A teamster who
hauled merchandise to Tombstone in
■as picking up mesquite boughs for
a campflre and unconsciously picked up
a Gila monster with the wood. He was
bitten in the upper arm and died before
his companions could saw the reptile's
h'-ad off and cut the teeth and jaws
from the wound. Where the afflicted
person survives an hour or two after
the bite the agony is described as awful
to witnr-ss.
The venom of the rattlesnake is
somewhat numbing in its first effect,
and after the first half hour is not so
very painful, but the poison of the Gila
LEARNING LANGUAGES
BY GRAPHOPHONE.
Ncvel Club Formed to Prepare for the Great Paris Exposition.
Parl^z voui Franraip?
Sprechen pie Deutsch?
No? Then buy a graphophone. That
is what a club of nearly COO students in
this city are doing, all in dead earn
est, too. During work, at the breakfast
table, in their bedrooms, they will only
have try "press the button" and cun
ning little machines will speak out a
volume of French, German or Spanish
with all the fluency of the mother
tongue. The mazes of the inextricable
"irregular verb" will vanish.
The charter members of this novel
organization met last week In Dr.
Simpson's office at the Y. M. C. A.
building, and formed what will be
known as the "1900 Club."
The prime object of the club is to
master one or all of these languages
before the Paris exposition in 1900,
which many of the members will at
tend. The graphophone method will be
used to this end, and the system prom
ises to work wonders in the study of
al! foreign tongues.
Charles Freeman Johnson, official
nfr-noKrapher to the Midwinter Exposi
tion, first conceived the idea of organiz
ing such a flub, after ten years' expe
rience in using graphophones. He Is
now organizing "1900 Clubs" in Los An
geles Chicago. Detroit, Toledo and
cities of the East. Nearly 300 young
men and women in this city have en
listed for the work.
The objects of the 1900 Club are:
Fi rs t_-The study of the French. Ger
man and Spanish languages, conversa
tion, reading and writing, with compe
tent teachers and through a novel plan
of home study, using the graphophone
in the club and at home.
Second— To collect all necessary in
formation for those desiring to visit the
Paris Exposition in 1900, to procure
special rates and advance accommoda
THE SAX FEAXCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, IS9B.
HANGS ON TO ITS VICTIM
Like a Bull Dog
While
The Poisosrn Acts
AND HAS TO BE CUT AWAY.
monster goes through the human sys
tem with lightning rapidity and causes
unspeakable pain and exerueialing
agony from head to foot. The victim
seems to be paralyzed, and yet every
muscle, bone, sinew and particle of
gray matter is keenly alive to intense
pain. The sufferer's head seems as if It
would split open. Very few persons
j bitten by a Gila monster can speak
I after the first fifteen minutes, but un
| consciousness seldom comes until a few
minutes before death. Physicians say
that the poison sets up a tremendous
' action of the heart, and the victim
1 really dies of heart failure. The person
who has been drinking to excess a few
! days or a few hours before he is in
jured by a Gila monster is almost sure
of death in half an hour after the bite.
Many physicians in the Territory say
that" alcoholic stimulants are worse
I than useless for a person hurt by the
reptile, but Walter H. Vail says he
owes his recovery to a prompt use of
whisky and the application of am
monia.
Dr. E. G. Harper, who has been
among the Hualipi Indians in Mexico
for several years in the Interest of
science, says ih° savages there cer
tainly have' a decoction that is a cure,
if administered immediately, for the
bite of the Gila monster found in that
region.
"I have tri"<l to learn from the
Mexican Hualipifl this anti-venom
I decotum," said Dr. Harper re
! cently, "but it was useless. Pres
ident Diaz snys, however. that
it can be had. rvnd he will interest him
self to get it for the benefit of the per>
' pie of the T'nited States, wh^re a death
; from Gila monster bite happens once in
a while.
"The most wonderful feat I ever saw
accomplished anywhere," continued Dr.
Harper, "was down on the edge of the
desert wastes in Southern Sonora sev
eral years ago. It was a test of the
power of the anti-venom preparation of
the Hualipis. The chief medicine man
claimed that he was n. wizard, too, and
1 that the great spirit Moz-no-ha, who
I dwelt on the peak of Orizaba, came
down and helned him d-fy death from
' the most deadly poisons known among
i the Indians. At the time of the test I
j witnessed, the medicine man sum!
! moned a dozen of his assistants around
a caldron, which was steaming and
Roiling with roots, leaves, horned toads,
rattlesnake heads and a score of other
kinds of articles. I was told that this
i was the anti-poison medicine. In an
i hour the stuff was cooled and ready for
use. , ...
"The chief medicine man drunk lib
erally of the ctrange tea and then his
body was liberally washed with some
liquid that made it impervious to
poison. The body, bare to the waist,
was then painted in red and white
| stripes. A fox hung from the waist.
i The medicine man bounded into the
i arena with a 'ho-ho, 1 brandishing over
i his head two Gila monsters. Then he
i varied the pror -amme by twirling them
i around his body and permitting them
to crawl all over him. He teased the
reptiles poked his thumb into their
mouths, and even put them up to his
face I am sure the man was bitten
several times. We looked upon this
daring feat with horror, while the In
dians viewed it with superstitious
frenzy and showered upon the medi
cine man all the presents they could
command."
"The most awful paroxysms of pain I
tions for members on railroads, steam
ships and at hotels.
A trifling monthly fee will be
charged, for which members will have
the advantage of a permanent club
room fully equipped with foreign books
and periodicals printed with English
translations for students, competent
teachers In both beginners' and ad
vanced classes, graphophones and cyl
inders containing the language lessons,
with opportunities for conversation
practice, together with all the informa
tion and special advantages the club
may obtain concerning Paris and the
exposition of 1900.
The charter members of the 1900 Club
are: Mrs. H. C. French, Mrs. E. P.
Jordan, Mrs. Nellie Holbrook Bllnn,
Mrs. E. C. Colnon, Mrs. John Gillson,
Mrs! M. J. Donovan. Mrs. De Lyons,
Dr J M. Simpson. Mrs. G. W. Cloud,
Mr. H. J. Dorian. Mr. W. E. Little Mr.
F. Flawlth and Charles Freeman John
son.
Mr. Johnson has a graphophone in
his bedroom, and every night and
morning It is, "Au revoir!" "Bon jour.
Monsieur" from the metallic little
teacher at his bedside.
"If I have only a minute," said Mr.
Johnson, "I set the graphophono to
talking; while I am washing, dressing
or undressing, the machine always has
the last word.
"We intend to make our club a
Chautauqua of languages. In our club
rooms we will have graphophones for
the uxe of the members who will hear
from little cylinders nothing but the
best of French, German and Spaninh.
We will have competent teachers to
dictate to the machines, which the
members of the club can then hear as
long as they like. Graphophonee are
cheap, and we will all have them in our
rooms ready for use any hour in the
day. Close to 300 students are now In
terested here."
ever saw," said T. W. Brooks, a well
known miner and prospector in Arizona,
while he was In Yuma recently, "was
that suffered by a Mexican scout ton
years ago. We were camping along tHe
Gila River one night In summer and at
about daybreak one of the mules we
had tethered near by raised a commo
tion. The Mexican, who had taken off
his boots because of the excessively
warm weather, Jumped up and ran to
see what was the matter, while I lazily
rolled over for another nap. In a mo
ment I hoard piercing shrieks and was
on my feet before T knew it. I snatched
up the camp lantern and ran to the
Mexican. He was dancing about on one
foot and pointing speechless to some
thing dangling from the other. I looked
and saw a Gila monster.-
"In a trice I had my hunting knife
out and plunged it again and again into
DIVISION OF AFRICA BY THE GREAT POWERS
Contest Between England and prance for the Rich Table-land of the Interior and What the
European Governments Purpose Doing With the Territories They Have Seized.
LONDON, Sept. 24.— 1t seems only
yesterday that public attention
was centered in Cuba. Then it
shifted to China. Now it Is
fixed on Africa. General £it
chener has swept all before him
at Omdurman. Gordon is avenged.
With the masterly hand of a genius
Kitchener has moved persistently for
ward. After Omdurman, he advances
without delay and challenges the
French claims in the lower Soudan. He
orders Marchand and Llotard to evacu
ate Fashoda, bringing the Anglo-
French dispute to a crisis. In the south,
Cecil Rhodes makes the wonderful
claim that he will build a railroad
from Cairo to Cape Town. For the
next fifty years nation building prom
ises to center In "Darkest Africa."
Will the French give way? How will
the European? divide up the continent?
What will the effect be on America?
Can Cecil Rhodes carry out his gigan
tic plan? All these questions suggest
interesting possibilities.
The story of Africa as she is to-day
DIAGRAM SHOWING MOW FRANCE fIND ENGLAND ARE SEIZING POSSESSIONS
IN AFRICA.
The fight for territory is between England and France. In actual area, France holds the most. Her
flag flies over three million square miles, while England's control covers only aoout two millions. But Eng
land makes up in quality her lack of quantity. Roughly speaking, the continent of Africa is divided into
three parts. A great low area In the north; an immense table land extending from the Sahara desert
southward through the continent; the mountainous region along the coast, the passageway to this table land.
The first, the desert of Sahara, is for France; the second, the meat of the continent, is for England; the
third— a sort of rind— belongs for the most part to Portugal and Germany.
is the oft-repeated story of British i
brains and British pluck; the story of
that greatest element in the Anglo-
Saxon character, its colonizing faculty.
The fight for territory here is between
England and France— and England
wins as she always has won. Look
at the map of Africa. In actual area,
France holds the most. Her flag flies
over three million square miles, while
England's control covers only about
two millions. But England makes up
in quality her lack of quantity. Rough
ly speaking, the continent of Africa is
divided into three parts. A great low
area in the north; an immense table
land extending from the Sahara desert
southward through the continent; th*
mountainous region along the coast,
the passageway to this table land. The
first, the desert of Sahara, is for
France; the second, the meat of the
continent, is for England: the third —
a sort of rind — belongs for the most
part to Portugal and Germany.
The principal rivers, lakes and har
bors belong mostly to England. The
only first-class harbor not under Eng
lish control is Delagoa Bay, under Por
tuguese rule, and on this the British
lion has fixed a craze which means that
he will not be denied. France has the
Upper Niger. Leopold of Belgium holds
a part of the Congo River. England
holds the rest of the navigable water
ways. English gunboats patrol the
lakes. The Congo Free State and Qer
the reptile's sides and back. It hung
on like an English bulldog, and when
I saw that it was dead Iby mai force
pulled the monster away from the foot,
now dripping with blood. By that time
the Mexican had become calmer. He
knew whr.t it meant, and he simply
said between the pains that darted from
the wound through his system, 'It will
all be over in an hour.' He know we
had there no antidote for the poison,
and he told me to give his pay to his
wife in Phoenix and to go and tell her
how he had died. In ten /minutes his
pain had increased so much that he was
unable to open his mouth to even gulp
down whisky that I pressed to his pur
ple lips. I" • said no one could imagine
ihe excruciating agony he was in. Per
spiration rolled from Hs body ;..s if he
were in a Turkish bath, and he rolled
hack and forth on the ground. His
many jointly holds Lake Tanganyika,
but Lake Nyassa, the lakes of Zam
besi, the lakes of the Upper Nile and
Lake Tchad are controlled by the Gov
ernment at London.
But England has the fertile valley of
the Nile, which, after frightful mis
management by the Egyptians and
years of recuperation by the English,
is now holding its own. She has the
rich country of the Uganda and th^
surrounding provinces of British East
Africa. She has Cape Colony, with it?
farming lands and its ranches. And,
lastly, she has the richest part of that
Golconda of the world, the diamond
and gold fields of South Africa.
There is one more fact about Eng
land's territory and an important one
because it bears directly on the rail
road of Cecil Rhodes' imagination.
The sweeping victory of Kitchener will
not warrant tn calling the Soudan
Egyptian — and therefore British terri
tory. A glance at the map will show
a straight line of England's territory
from Cairo- to Cape Town with but one
break. The waving of the Union Jack
through all those 5000 miles of terri
tory is prevented only by a narrow
strip of 540 miles. That land was
eyes were staring wide open and his
hands were clenched.
"In half a., hour h was insane with
pain. His legs and then his whole body
swelled. It seemed as if the wounded
foot and leg would burst open. He tried
to talk in his delirium, but his tongue
was so swollen that he could only utter
whistling sounds. In an hour and a
half he was dead. I have sometimes
dreamed J saw all that scene over
again. The Mexicans in Phoenix said
that the fact that it was in the middle
of a long summer when the man was
bitten was what made the poison so
venomous."
Captain B. E. Lewis, recently retired
frnm the United States army, has lived
I seventeen years in Arizona and New
Mexico. "It is an absolute truth," says
he, "that the hiss of a Gila monster is
deadly to some creatures. I would not
taken by an Englishman, but most un
fortunately, acting under the Belgian
flag. Had England stood back of
.Stanley, had she listened to his plead
ings and not driven him to Leopold of
.''elgium, there would have been an un
broken line of English territory to-day
through the center of Africa, from the
Mediterranean to the Cape of Good
Hope. The Congo Free State makes
the single break. Stanley found it.
Belgium has established a protectorate.
Still the obstacle can be overcome.
Leopold is working in entire accord
with England's plans. He has es
tablished England's policy of "the open
door" in all trade matters. He will
place no obstruction to any plans that
will lead to development and civiliza
tion.
•The value of Egypt commercially lies
in the Nile River. The rising of the i
river and the consequent fertilization of j
the land renders two and sometimes
three crops a year nossible. This I
gives an immense agricultural output. '
The Soudan Is immensely fertile and
when once under control will play an !
important part in the world's wheat
supply.
South Africa will probably be devel-
want to risk my life by trying the ex
periment. I was once sitting on the
porch of my headquarters in the
Apache war and I saw my little black
and-tan dog nosing with something in
the sage brush a few yards away. I
looked and saw a Gila monster" dart
forth and hiss in the face of the dog,
which sprang back at the same mo
ment. I ran and killed the reptile ana
the dog went off to sleep near by. It
was dead in two hours. Several per
sons and I examined the dog's carcass
carefully and we could find no evidence
of a bite on the beast. I am sure it
was something in the hiss or breath of
the Gila monster that killed the dog.
"A Mexican ranchman near Fort
Bowie told me that he once saw a
sheep attacked in the same way by a
Gila monster and the sheep went ,into
a stupor and was dead in a few hours.
oped faster than other portions of the
Dark Continent, because it already has
such a splendid start. The district in
cludes Cape Colony, Natal, Bechuana
land, Matabele, Mashonaland and
other smaller provinces. Cape Colony
has been known for centuries. Orig
inally settled by the Dutch and after
ward occupied by the English, there
exists in the colony a strong element
of political friction which sometimes
takes the form of an outbreak. The
temporary setback to Cecil Rhodes in
the elections of last month is but an
other example of tbe pertinacity of the
Dutch. Farther north, the English are
pushing into the vast territory of Rho
desia-
Almost surrounded by the land of
the English and with nearly a half of
their populations composed of that na
tionality are two independent countries,
the Transvaal and the Orange Free
State. That they will hold aloof from
England's control for a number of
years is unquestioned, but that they
will be absorbed finally under a protec
torate seems inevitable.
This then is the condition of the Brit
ish star of empire in South Africa. Sit
uated almost entirely in the temper
ate zone, rich in farming and grazing
lands, containing almost fabulous min
eral wealth waiting to be developed, it
stands to-day England's greatest Afri
can colony.
What progress has Cecil Rhodes made
with his railroads, and does that prog
ress warrant his claim of a railroad,
from Cairo to Cape Town? In EevDt
the railroad has followed the British,
advance. In 1896 It reached Wady Hal
fa, a distance of 800 miles from Cairo.
In 1897 it was pushed forward to Ber
ber, 300 miles more. The capture of
umdurman means the immediate con
tinuation of the railroad to that point.
The necessi ies of a big army, the im
mediate need of occupying in force the
whole of the district, calls for rapid,
construction. The present railroad in
Egypt has been built almost entirely
for military pumoses, and its chief
characteristic is military utility. After
the war has closed, the branches of
commercial value will be advanced on
the foundation already laid down by
the army.
In British East Africa a line has
been planned to run from Mombasa,
on the coast, to Lake Victoria. Already
the first hundred miles have been nnrn
ed and trains are running. The who c
distance to be built is 856 miles, and it
is estimated that less than five years
will be necessary for finishing the
work. Some of the details in the run
ning of the trains are interesting. They
start and return on alternate days. The
journey inland is up grade, and tbe
speed is twelve miles an hour. The
prices are in three classes, the first
being 38 rupees, the second 19. and the
third 3 rupees '5 annas. A feature that
may appeal to Americans is the names
of the stations Chaugamwe. Samburu.
Maji Chumoi. What possibilities for
the intelligent brakeman.
The telegraph is the scout of the
railroad system in Africa — its advance
agent. Along with the iron rail from
Cairo to Capetown runs Rhodes' plan of
a wire line and it will be finished in a
few years.
The end of 1597 marked the first real
step in Cecil Rhodes' plan, when the
railroad was extended northward as far
as Buluwayo. The financial success of
this enterprise has so encouraged
Rhodes that he has petitioned the En
glish Government to guarantee the in
terest on the next section, the line
from Buluwayo to Lake Tanganyika.
This line will proceed northeasterly to
Zumbo, passing through the Sanga
coal fields. Crossing the Zambesi on a
ferry it will pass through Northern
Rhodesia, opening up a new territory
peculiarly fitted by its altitude for
white colonization. Finally, it will
strike the lower end of Lake Tangan
yika. This new portion will cover a
distance of 800 miles and the expense
of building it will be £2,500.000. The
guarantee of the Government would
enable the company to obtain the loan
at 3 per cent instead of 5 per cent. As
the line to Buluwayo was a paying one
from the start, there are good rea
sons to believe that the Government
will not lose money by such a guaran
tee.
One *other great factor will shortly
contribute to the development of
Africa. This is long-distance trans
mission of electric power. Already the
waterfalls of the Nile at Assuan have
ben harnessed and power Is being trans
mitted overland to vark.-u. points.
Alexandria is being lighted by trana
mltted electric power-
2324
GRAYDON'S DESTROYERS:
THE idea of the Graydon destroyer is the most advanced of all ship
building inventions. These vessels are to have a speed of nearly
fifty miles an hour. They will be equipped with five engines of
the Turbinla type and burn some liquid fuel, such us petroleum.
The wonderful engines are so simple that they require practically
BO attention and can be -started, stopped or reversed from the wheel
house The fuel will be carried in tanks fitted in close to the skin or
the ship The armament that Lieutenant Graydon will put in consists
of four torpedo-throwers and twelve rapid-fire guns. These guns will
be on disappearing carriages, so they can be -housed" below deck when
not In use 4.11 apparatus is to be of the most modern and simple Kind.
The best of the advantages gained by the use of the turbine engines
1b the space saved and given to the crew, enabling them to live in com
fort A. company has been formed in England for the building of these
Is The inventor, Lieutenant Graydon. is well known on thePaciflc
A. number of years ago he made some wonderful experiments
at the Presldi,. with an explosive projectile. The new vessels will be
equipped with this and ought to be able to sink any vessel of the same
size and type now afloat.
THE construction of the warships
of the world stands a good chance
of being revolutionized within the
next year.
A London company, with Lieu
tenant James Weir Graydon at the
head, promises to do this for any na
tion in the world that ha? the price to
pay. The company claims that the na
tion that first takes advantage of the
new ideas will have the better of any
other nation. In fact, the better of
several nations should they combine
against it.
How is this wonderful advantage to
be gained?
Principally by increasing the speed
of all classes of war vessels, from tor
pedo-boats to battle-ships. Also by in
creasing the speed endurance and us
ing new styles of guns for throwing ex
plosive projectiles. And lastly, by
Ifying the construction and ma
chinery of the vessels so as to reduce
{fie ■ -5 per cent from what is
now paid for a vessel of the same type.
All these things have been figured
out and tested, and the new company
claims that its engines of destri.
will u./su-.y any other vessel of the
sairw size and class in the world.
The new war vessels are the inven
tion of Lieutenant Graydon, who is
■well known on the Pacific Coast. He is
one of the best-known inventors of
army and navy ordnance and machin
ery in the world. As a naval architect
he has a high standing.
Lieutenant Graydon guarantees to
give to torpedo-boats the enormous
. of forty- Hes an hour.
This would ena t the new yes-
Bels to steam all around a modern
and throw its ■ projectiles with
deadly effect.
To armored cruisers a speed of forty
two miles is guaranteed, and the
THE GRAY PARROT.
SHE WALKED ALL AROUND THE CAGE ADMIRING THE PARROTT
THK chief engineer and the third sat at tea on th«
S. S. Curlew In the East India docks. The small
and not over-clean steward having placed every
thing he could think of upon the table, and then
added everything the chief could think of. had
assiduously poured out two cups of tea and with
drawn by request. The two men ate steadily, con
versing between bites and interrupted occasionally
by a hoarse and sepulchral voice, the owner of which be
ing much exercised by the sight of the food asked for it,
prettily at first, and afterward in a way which at least
compelled attention.
That's pretty good for a parrot," said the third criti
cally. "Seems to know what he's saying, 100. No, don t
give it anything. It'll stop if you do."
"There's no pleasure to me in listening to coarse lan
guage," said the chief with dignity.
He absently dipped a piece of bread and butter in the
Third's tea, and losing it, chased it round and round th«
bottom of the cup wiih his finger, the Third regarding the
operation with an interest and emotion which he was at
first unable to miderstand.
"You'd better pour yourself out another cup, he said,
thoughtfully, as he caught the Third's eye.
"I'm going to." said the other dryly.
"The man I bought it of," said the chief, giving the
bird the sop, "said that it was a perfectly respectable par
rot, and wouldn't know a bad word if it heard it. I hardly
like u> f?ive it to my wife now."
"It's no good being too particular." paid the Third,
regarding the other with an ill-concealed grin; "that's the
w>rst of all you young married fellows. Seem to think
your wile has gotto be wrapped up in brown paper. Ten
chances to one she'll be amused."
The chief shrugged his shoulders disdainfully. "I
bought the bird to ne company for her,** ne said slowly,
"she'll be very lonesome without me. Rogers."
"How do you know?" inquired the other.
"She said so," was the reply.
"When you've been married aa long as I have," said
the Third, who, having been married some fifteen years,
felt that their usual positions were somewhat reversed,
"you'll know that, generally .speaking, they're glad to get
rid of you." •
"What for?" demanded the chief in a voice that Othello
might have envied.
"Well, you get in the way a bit," said Rogers with
secret enjoyment; "you Bee, you upset the arrangements—
house-cieaning and all that sort or thing gets interrupted.
They're glad to see you back at first, and then glad to see
the back of you."
"There's wives and wives," eaid the bridegroom ten
derly.
heaviest battle-ships will be able to
reel "ft" about thirty-live miles an hour,
rding to the promises of the new
company.
Such an advantage in Itself would be
wonderful, and, other things I
equal, irresistible. But the- Graydon
vessels a re to have a number of other
ires calculated to wreak destruc
tion <>n any foe that is now afloat.
As an offset to the modern battle
ship the Graydon Company lays -
stress on its new vessel called the de
stroyer." These vessels are designed in
three sizes, viz.: the smaller size or 100
tons the medium size of 250 tons and
the larger size of 400 tons, and these
three will cover the uses and supersede
all "torpedo-boats" and "destroyers
as now designed, acting also as scouts,
dispatch vessels and commerce de
stroyers.
Destroyers of whatever size are to
be fitted" with the new turbine engines
that have developed such enormous
in the trial trips that recently
took place in England. The little boat
called the Turbina rolled off a mile in
sixty seconds, but was prevented from
k- • ping up this great speed by an ina
bility to carry sufficient fueL
Inthe Graydon vessels this difficulty
has been overcome by usir? liquid fuel,
which occupies only about one-twen
tieth the spare of coal. As the tur
bine engines have been proved t
capable of producing the si
claimed and the Graydon liquid tuel
boiler thoroughly tested by the new
company it will be seen that the work
that is guaranteed is not mere experi
ment All things considered, thei
no apparent reason why the new yes-
Bhould not do all that is claimed
for them.
The advantages of the turbine en
gines are manifold aside from the great
S n^ed they are capable of generating,
in the first place, they are so simple
as to be almost impossible to get out
of order. In the next place, they are
located close to the bottom of the ves
sel, where they will do the most good
as ballast. Being lighter in weight
than ordinary crank and piston engines
"And mine's a good one." said the Third, "registered
Al afLloyd's but She don't worry about go away.
Your wires thirty years younger than you. J«n t »he?
"Twenty-five," corrected the other, shortly. iou see,
what r« afraid of is. that she'll get too much attention.
. "Well, women like that." remarked the Third. "When
"But i don't, damn it." cried the chief hotly. When
1 think of it I go hot all over— boiling hot. "You
'•That won't last," said the other reassuringly. "You
won't care twopence this time next year. _„ .
"We're not all alike," growled the cnief, some of us
have pot finer feelings than others have I saw the chap
next door looking at her as we passed him this morning.
"Good heavens," said the Third, wildly.
"I don't want any of your damned impudence, said
the chief sharply. "He put his hat on strai Enter when he
passed us. What do you think of that?
"Can't say," replied the other, with commendable grav
ity; "it might mean anything."
"If he has any of his nonsense while I m away 1 .11
break his neck," said the chief passionately. "I Shall
know of It."
The other raised his eyebrows. 
"I've asked the landlady to keep her eyes open a bit,
said the chief, "my, and she's very young and simple, so
that it is quite right and proper for her to have a motherly
old body to look after her."
"Told your wife?" queried Rogers.
"No " said the other. "Fact is, Rogers, Ive got an
idea about that parrot. I'm going to tell her it s a magic
bird and will tell me everything she does while I m away.
Anything the landlady tells me I shall tell, her I got from
the parrot. For one thing I don't want her to go out
after seven of an evening, and she's promised me she
won't If she does I shall know and pretend that I know
through the parrot. What do you think of it?"
"Think of it." said the Third, staring at him, "think
of it? Fancy a man telling a grown-up woman a yarn like
thit'" '"-• ■■' '"■'
"She believes in warnings and death watches and all
that sort of thing." said the chief, "so why shouldn't
she?"
"Well, you'll know whether she believes in It or not
when you come back." said Rogers, "and it'll be a great
pity because it's a beautiful talker and the best swearer
I ever heard. >" \
"What do you mean?" said the other.
"I mean It'll get Its little neck wrung." said the third.
"Well, we'll see." said Gannett. "I shall know what to
think if it does die." .■:- ■•.■•■•■--.
"I shall never see that bird again. Bald Rogers shak
ing his head a*> the chief took up the cage and handed
It to the steward, who was to accompany him home with
The couple left the ship and proceeded down the East
India dock road side by side, the only incident being a hot
argument between a constable and the engineer as to
whether he could or could not be held responsible for the
language in which the parrot saw fit to Indulge when the
steward happened to drop it. . r -.^
The engineer took the cage at his door and, not with
out some misgivings, took it upstairs into the parlor and
set it on the table. Mrs. Gannett, a simple-looking woman
with sleepy brown eyes and a docile manner, clapped her
hands with joy. <• ' *. ...
"Isn't it a beauty?" said Mr. Gannett looking at it;
"I bought it to be company for you while I'm away."
"You're too good to me, Jem," said his wife. She
walked all round the cage admiring it. the parrot, which
was of a highly suspicious and nervous disposition, having
had boys at Its last place, turning with her. After she
had walked round him five times, he got sick of It, and,
in a simple, sailorly fashion, said so.
"O. Jem!" said his wife.
"It's a beautiful talker," said Gannett hastily, "and
It's so clever that it picks up everything it hears, but it'll
soon forget it."
"It looks as though it knows what you are saying,"
said his wife. "Just look at it, the artful thing!"
The opportunity was too good to be missed, and in a
few straightforward lies the engineer acquainted Mrs.
Gannett of the miraculous powers with which he had
chosen to endow it.
"But you don't believe It?" said his wife, staring at
him open-mouthed.
"I do," said the engineer firmly.
"But how can it know what I'm doing when I'm
away?" persisted Mrs. Gannett.
. 'Ah, that's its secret,", said the engineer, "a good
many people would like to know that, but nobody has
found out yet. It's a magic bird, and when you've said
that, you've said all there is to say about it."
Mrs. Gannett, wrinkling her forehead, eyed the marvel
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, STTDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1893.
heavier armor can be used. As there
- only one rotary motion there is no
vibration. As they take up very much
space the officers and crew can
live in comfort and have much more
room for working the guns and hand
ling the ammunition. And, lastly, the
construction of the turbine engines is
such that they could not be readily
disabled. A bit of flying shell that
might prove very serious to the crank
and piston engine would not do the
least injury to a turbine engine.
The fact that the turbine engine can
be handled entirely by the man in the
wheeihouse without necessarily signal
ing to the engine-room is an advan
tage almost beyond estimate in an en
gagement.
In order to carry the liquid fuel with
out sacrificing any of the space in the
hold of the vessel, Lieutenant Graydon
has invented a series of tanks attached
to the skin of the ship below the water
line. The space that is usually given
up to coal is to be used as a maga
zine.
The entire interior of the new de-
Btroyers will be fitted with water-tight
compartments on a new system. By
an ingenious arrangement, the man in
the wheelhouse simply by pulling a
level can Instantly close -very com
partment in the vessel. One compart
ment will keep it afio.it.
The armament uf the new vessel is
to consist of four a. -rial tor
throwers. These are Lieutenant
ion's invention, and hurl a torpedo
of dynamite simply by means of the
usual charge of powder. This enables
the torpedo to be thrown with accur
acy just as far as a solid shot. It ex
plodes by concussion. There will also
be twelve rapid fire guns and a few
fifty-pounders.
This heavy armament for a vessel of
bo small a type as the destroyer is to
be used from the upper deck, but all
guns are to be of the disappearing
type and when not in use will be stored
below. This leaves the upper deck
free and clean for running at a high
speed and the guns can be raised to a
firing instantly. The guns can be
hoisted all at once or one at a time, as
the need may arise.
In case there may be use for them
the new destroyers are to be fitted with
Npw Tvnp of Vpssel Which Is Claimed, to dg thß .fastest AiiOa/ii 3-nu. tuo &
Enemy— lt Will Have all Sorts of Innovations in the Lines of Guns and Engines.
HOW THE NEW GROYDON DESTROYER WILL LOOK IN ACTION.
two underwater torpedo tubes. There
is nothing new about the construction
of these tubes. They will be worked
ami fire the Bame ammunition as the
torpedo tubes now in use on all the war :
THE LORD'S PRAVER IN ALL KINDS
OF ENGLISH.
HERE la the Lord's prayer in the English of former times, find it
shows how the language has changed:
A x> i-> s ß_Fader ure in heune, haleeweide beoth thi neune. cu
men thi kuneriche, thi wille beuth Idoo in heune and in erthe. The
euerych dawe bried gif ous thilk dawe. And worzif ure dettes as
vi vorzifen ure aettOßres. And lene ous nought into temptation, but
delvvor of uvel. Amen. ,
A D 1300-Fadir our In hevene, Halewyd by hi name, thi kingdom come,
Thi wille be done as in hevene and in erthe. Oure urche dayes bred give us
ous Wrd^curiously quite true." said Gannett. '.'when I
come back that bird/11 be able to tell me how you've been
dU^'G g ooTgrSus c said the astonished Mr.. Gannett
"If you stay out after 7 of an evening- or do anything
else that I shouldn't like, that bird'll tell me," continued
the engineer Impressively. "It'll tell me who comes to
Bel vn-i! and. in fact, It will tell me everything you do
Whi 'Ven. [Tw&t have anything bad to tell of Be," said
Mrs. Gannett composedly, ''unless it tells lies
••It can't tell lies." said her husband confidently. p and
now if you will go and put your bonnet on we 11 drop in
at the theater for half an hour."
It was a prophetic utterance for he made such a fuss
over the man next to his wife offering her his opera
classes that they left, at the urgent request of the man
agement, in almost exactly that space of time. __
"You'd better carry me about in a bandbox, said
Mrs. Gannett wearily, *o the outraged engineer stalked
home beside her. "What harm was the man doing. ; #
"You must have given him some encouragement, said
Mr. Gannett fiercely, "made eyes at him or something. A
man wouldn't offer to lend a lady his opera glasses \utn
°Ut Mrs. Gannett tossed her head, and that so decidedly,
that a passing stranger turned his head and looked at her
Mr. Gannett accelerated his pace. and. taking his Wife 3
arm. led her swiftly home with a passion too great for
* By the morning his anger had evaporated, but the
misgivings remained. He left after breakfast for the Cur
lew, which was to sail In the afternoon, leaving behind
him copious instructions, by following which his wife
would be enabled to come down and see him off w.tn the
minimum exposure of her fatal charms.
Left to herself, Mrs. Gannett dusted the room until,
coming to the parrot's cage she put down the duster and
eyed its occupant curiously. She fancied that she saw
ah evil glitter In the creature's eye, ana the knowing way
in which it drew the film over it was as near an approach
to a wink as a bird could get. .
She was still looking at it when there was a knock
at the door and a bright little woman, rather smartly
dressed, bustled into the room and greeted her effusively.
"I just came to see you. my dear, becnuse I thought a
little outing would do "me good," she said briskly, "and
if you've no objection I'll come down to the docks with
you to see the boat off."
Mrs. Gannett assented readily; It would ease the engi
neer's mind, she thought, if he saw her with a chaperon.
"Nice bird," Bald Mrs. Cluffins, mechanically, bringing
her parasol to the charge.
"Don't do that," said her friend hastily.
"Why not?" said the other.
"Language!" said Mrs. Gannett solemnly.
"Well, I must do something to it," said Mrs. Cluffins
restlessly.  ,
She held the parasol near the cage ana suddenly opened
it. It was a flaming scarlet, and for the moment the shock
took the parrot's breath away.
"He don't mind that," said Mrs. Gannett.
The parrot, hopping to the farther corner of the bot
tom of his cage, said something feebly; finding that noth
ing dreadful happened he repeated his remark somewhat
more boldly, and, being convinced after all that the appa
rition was quite harmless and that he had displayed his
craven spirit for nothing, hopped back on his perch and
raved wickedly. _; •*
"If that was my bird," said Mrs. Cluffins almost as
scarlet as her parasol, "I should wring its neck."
"No, you wouldn't," said Mrs. Gannett solemnly, and
having quieted the bird by throwing a cloth over Its cage,
explained its properties.
"What!" said Mrs. Cluffins. unable to sit still in her
chair. "You mean to tell me that your husband said
that."
Mrs. Gannett nodded. "He's awfully Jealous of me,"
she said with a slight simper.
"I wish he was my husband." said Mrs. Cluffins in
a thin, hard voice. "I wish C. would talk to me like that.
I wish somebody would try and persuade C. to talk to me
like that."
"It shows he's fond of me," said Mrs. Gannett, looking
down. '
Mrs. Clufflns jumped up and snatching the cover off
the cage, endeavored, but in vain, to get the parasol
through the bars. ■ r, -v
"And you believe that rubbish," she said scathingly.
"Bah, you wretch." ■■*■
< "I don't believe it." said her friend, taking her gently
away and covering the cage hastily just as the bird was
recovering, "but I let him think I do."
"I calf it an outrage," said Mrs. Clufflns, waving the
parasol wildly, "I never heard of such a thing. I'd like
to give Mr. Gannett a piece of my mind. Just about haif
an-hour of it. He wouldn't be the same man afterward—
I'd parrot him."
Mrs. Gannett, soothing her agitated friend as well as
she was able, led her gently to a chair and removed her
bonnet, and finding th&t complete recovery was Impossible
while the parrot remained in the room, took that wonder
working bird outside.
By the time they had reached the docks and boarded
the Curlew, Mrs. Cluffins had quite recovered her spirits
She roamed about the steamer asking questions which
savored more of idle curiosity than a genuine thirst for
knowledge, and was at no pains to conceal her opinion of
those who were unable to furnish her with satisfactory
replies. ■
"I shall think of you every day, Jem," said Mrs. Gan
nett, tenderly.
"I shall think of you every minute/! said the engineer
SECTIONAL VIEW OF A GRAYDON DESTROYER NOW BUILDING.
vessels now afloat.
It might appear strange that so
many advantages could be crowded
Into so small a vessel as the destroy
ers. This, however, is readily under-
reproachfully. ... , , ..
He sighed gently and gazed in a scandalized fashion
at Mrs Clufllns, who was carrying on a desperate flirta
tion with one of the apprentices.
"She's very Light-hearted," said his wife, following the
direction of his ej es. .
"She is " said Mr. Gannett curtly, as the unconscious
Mrs. Clufflna shortened her parasol and rapped the ap
prentice playfully with the handle.
'•She Hems to be on very good terms with Jenkins,
laughing and carrying on. I don't suppose she's ever seen
him before," said the engineer.
"Poor young thing." said Mrs. Cluffina solemnly, as
she came up to them. "Don't you worry, Mr. Gannett.
I'll look aft>-r her and keep her from moping."
"You're very kind. " said the engineer slowly.
"We'll have a jolly time." said Mrs. Clufflns. "I often
■wish my husband was a seafaring man. A wife does have
more freedom, doesn't she?"
•■More what?" inquired Mr. Gannett, huskily.
"More freedom." said Mrs. Clufflns, gravely. "I al
ways envy sailors' wives. They can do as they like, rso
husband to look after them for nine or ten months in the
year."
Before the unhappy engineer could put his indignant
thoughts into words there was a warning cry from the
gangway, and, with a hasty farewell, he hurried below.
The visitors went ashore, the gangway was shipped, and
in response to the clang of the telegraph the Curlew
drifted slowly away from the quay and headed for the
swing bridg.; siowly opening in front of her.
The two ladies hurried to the pierhead and watched
the steamer down the river until a bend hid it from view.
Then Mrs Gannett, with a sensation of having lost some
thing. dv«, so her friend assured her, to the want of a
cup of tea, went slowly back to he,r lonely nome.
In the period of grass widowhood which ensued, Mrs.
Cluffins' visits formed almost the sole relief to the bare
monotony of existence. As a companion the parrot was an
utter failure, its language being so irredeemably bad that
it spent most of its time in the spare room with a cloth
over its case wondering when the days were going to
lengthen o bit.
Mrs. Cluffins suggested polling it, but Tier friend re
pelled the suggestion with horror, and refused to entertain
it at any price, even that of the publican at the corner.
whr> had hoard of the bird's command of language and
was bent upon buying it.
"I wonder what that beauty will have to tell your hus
band," said Mrs. Cluffins as they sat together one day
some four months after the Curlew's departure.
"1 should hope that he has forgotten that nonsense,"
said Mrs. Gannett reddening, "he never alludes to it in
his letters."
"Sell it," said Mrs. Clufflnß, peremptorily. "It's no good
to you. and Jimson would give anything for it. almost."
Mrs. Gannett shook her head. "The house wouldn't
hold my husband if I did." she remarked with a shiver.
"O.'yes, it would," said Mrs. Cluffins, "you do as I tell
you and a much smaller house than this would hold him.
I told C. to tell Jimson he should have it for five pounds."
"But he mustn't," said her friend in alarm.
"Leave yourself right in my hands." said Mrs. Cluffins,
spreading out two small palms and regarding them com
placently. "It'll be all right. I promise you.
She put her arm around her friend's waist and led her
to the window, talking*earnestly. In five minutes Mrs.
Gannett was wavering, in ten she had given away, and in
fifteen the energetic Mrs. Clufflns was en route for Jim
son's swinging the cage so violently in her excitement that
the parrot was reduced to holding on to Its perch with
claws and bill, and could only think. Mrs. Gannett
•watched their progress from the window, and with a
queer look on her face sat down to think out the points
of attack and defense in the approaching affray.
A week later a four-wheeler drove up to the door,
and the engineer, darting upstairs three steps at a time,
dropped an armful of parcels on the floor and caught his
wife in an embrace which would have done credit to a
bear. Mrs. Gannett, for reasons, of which lack of muscle
was only one, responded less ardently.
"Ha! it's good to be home again." said Gannett, sink
ing into an easy chair and pulling his wife on his knee
"And how have you been? Lonely?"
"I got used to it." said Mrs. Gannett softly.
The engineer coughed. "You had the parrot," he re
marked.
"Yes. I had the magic parrot," said Mrs. Gannett.
"How's It getting on?" said her husband, looking
round. "Where is it? 1 '
"Part of it is on the mantelpiece," said Mrs. Gannett,
trying to speak calmly, "part of it is In a bonnet box
upstairs, some of it's in my pocket and here is the re
mainder."
She fumbled in her pocket and placed in his hand a
cheap two-bladed clasp-knife.
"On the mantelpiece?" repeated the engineer, staring
at the knife, "in a bonnet box?"
'Those blue vase?," said his wife.
Mr. Gannett put his hand to his head. If he had heard
aright, one parrot had changed into a pair of blue vases,
a bonnet and a knife. A magic bird with a vengeance
"I sold it." said Mrs. Gannett suddenly.
The engineer's knee stiffened inhospitably, and his
arm dropped from his wife's waist. She rose quietly and
took a chair opposite.
"Sold It!" said Mr. Gannett in awful tones. "Sold my
parrot!"
"I didn't like it. Jem." paid his wife. "I didn't want
that bird watching me. and I did want the vases, and the
bonnet and the lfttle present for you."
Mr. Gannett pitched the little present to the other end
of the room.
"You see it mightn't have told the truth, Jem," con
tinued Mrs. Gannett. "It might have told all sorts of lies
Stood when it is known that the new
turbine engine is responsible for it all.
It is generally conceded by mechanical
experts that the turbine engine is to
be the engine of the future. That be
i — ■ — -
to-day. And forgive us cure dettes, as we forgive our dettoures. And lede
us not into temptation, Bote delyvere us of yvel. Amen.
A £> 1682— Ovr father which art in heaven, sanctified be thy name.
Let thy kingdom come. Thy wil be done, as in heaven in earth also. Give
vs today our super substantial bread. And lead vs not into temptation.
But deliver us from evil. Amen.
A D 1611— Our father which is in heaven, hallowed be thy name, lny
kingdom ome. Thy will be done, in earth as it is in heaven. Give us this
day our dayly bread. And forgive vs our deUs as we forgive our debtors.
And lede vs not into temptation, but deliver vs from evil. For thine is
the kingdome, and the power and the glory for ever. Amen.
Although the fact is not generally
known, the admiralty are among the larg
est owners of carrier pigeons in the coun
try. The pigeons are used for the pur
pose of long-distance signaling between
warships and the shore. To this end they
about me and made no end of mischief."
•It couldn't lie." shouted the engineer passionately,
rising from his chair and pacing the room. "Its your
guilty conscience that's made a coward of you. How dare
you sell my parrot?"
"Because it wasn't truthful, Jem," Bald his wife, who
was somewhat pale.
"If you were half as truthful you d do," vociferated
the engineer, standing over her. "You, you deceitful
woman."
Mrs. Gannett fumbled in her pocket again, and produc
ing a small handkerchief, applied it delicately to her eyes.
"I — got rid of it for your sake," she stammered. "It
used to tell such lies about you, I couldn't bear to listen
to it."
"About me!" said Mr. Gannett sinking into his seat
and staring at his wife with very natural amazement.
"Tell lies about me. Nonsense. How could it?"
"I suppose It could tell me about you as easily as It
could you about me," said Mrs. Gannett. "There was more
magic in that bird than you thought, Jem. It used to say
shocking things about you; I couldn't bear it."
"Do you think you're talking to a child, or a fool?"
demanded the engineer hotly.
Mrs. Gannett shook her head feebly. She still kept
the handkerchief to her eyes, but allowed a portion to
drop over her mouth.
"I should like to hear some of the lies it told about
me," said the engineer with bitter sarcasm, "if you can re
member them."
"The first lie," said Mrs. Gannett, in a. feeble but ready
voice, "was about the time you were at Genoa. The par
rot said you were at some concert gardens at the upper
end of the town."
One moist eye came mildly from behind the handker
chief just in time to see the engineer stiffen suddenly In
his chair.
I don't suppose there even is such a place," she con
tinued.
"I— b'lieve — there— ls," said her husband, jerkily. "I've
heard our chaps talk of it."
"But, you haven't been there," said his wife, anxiously.
"Never!" said the engineer with extraordinary vehe
mence.
"That wicked bird said that you grot intoxicated there,"
said Mrs. Gannett, in solemn accents; "that you smashed
a little marble-topped table and knocked down two wait
ers, and that if it hadn't have been for the captain of the
Pursuit, who was' in there, and who got you away, you'd
have been locked up. Wasn't it a wicked bird?''
"Horrible!" said the engineer, huskily.
"I don't suppose there ever was a snip called the Pur
suit," continued Mrs. Gannett.
"Doesn't sound like a ship's name," murmured Mr.
Gannett.
"Well, then a few days later It said tne Curlew was
at Naples."
"I never went ashore all the time we were at Naples,"
remarked the engineer, casually.
"The parrot said you did," said Mrs. Gannett.
"I suppose you'll believe your own lawful husband be
fore that damned bird!" shouted Gannett, starting up.
"Of course I didn't believe it, Jem," said his wife.
"I'm trying to prove to you that the bird was not truthful,
but you're so hard to persuade."
Mr. Gannett took a pipe from his pocxet, and with a
small knife dug. with much severity ana determination, a
hardened plug from the bowl, and blew noisily through the
stem.
"There was a girl kept a fruit stall lust by the harbor "
said Mrs. Gannett, "and on this evening, on the strength
of having bought three-pennyworth of gretn figs, you put
your arm round her waist and tried to kiss her, and her
sweetheart, who was standing close by, tried to stab you.
The parrot said that you were in such a state of terror
that you jumped into the harbor and was nearly
drowned." , ■
Mr. Gannett, having loaded his pipe, lit it slowly and
carefully, and with tidy precision got up and deposited the
match in the fireplace.
"It used to frighten me so with its stories that I hardly
knew what to do with myself," continued Mrs. Gannett,
"when you were at Suez. "
The engineer waved his hand imperiously.
"That's enough." he said stiffly.
"I'm sure I don't want to have to repeat what it told
me about Suez," said his wife. "I thought you'd like to
hear it. that's all." ""
"Not at all."said the engineer, puffing at his pipe.
Not at all."
"But you see why I got rid of the bird, don't you?"
said Mrs. Gannett. "If it had told you untruths about me.
you would have believed them, wouldn't you?"
Mr. Gannett took his pipe from his mouth and took his
wife in his extended arms. "No, my dear," he said broK
enly. "no more than you believed all this stuff about
me."
"And I did quite right to sell it. didn't I, Jem?"
"Quite right." said Mr. Gannett with a great assump
tion of heartiness. "Beet thing to do with It."
"You haven't heard the worst yet," said Mrs. Gannett.
"When you were at Suez— "
Mr. Gannett consigned Suez to its only rival and
thumping the table with his clenched nst forbade his wife
to mention the word again, and desired her to prepare
supper. * *^
>, i Not until he heard her moving about In the kitchen
below did he relax the severity pf his countenance. Then
his expression changed to one of extreme anxiety and he
restlessly paced the room seeking for light It came Sud
"Jenkins." he gasped, "that little brute Jenkins That's
what he was writing to Mrs. Cluffins about "And I wal
f Oi lW c .c. c A uffln3 about it. I expect he knows the let
ters.by heart. . ...•'.:• . Tn" TO" taporji
Copyrighted, IS9S. . W< w. JACOBS -
I ing the case, it stands to reason tnai
the country first to put them into its
war vessels is sure to have an advan
tage over every other country that has
not placed them in its warships.
are trained not to regard the roar of artil
lery and other distractions that would
exist in battle, and their value in convey
ing dispatches in such an event would be
considerable. Pigeons now tigure promi
nently in all the great naval displays.WONDERFUL PROCESS OF EMBALMING THE DEAD DISCOVERED.
LIFE-LIKE PRESERVATION OF FOOT AND HAND.
From a photogTap .
SIGNOR EFISTO MARINI of'
Naples has found out the way to
make the human body Immor-
tal-not the live body, but the
body after the soul has flown.
His process preserves it, it is believed,
for thousands of years and during that
period it undergoes no change in ap-
r>*>-irance or in its tissues
PTP T; > all intents and! purposes the dead
s in precisely the same condition as he
was In one second after death. All
that Is lacking is the vital spark to en-
able him to get up and resume life
where he let off
' The sl n,p.; m,ih. rented here sound
like a romance. Jules erne in his
wildest moments never created any-
thing that seemed more like a dream,
But the facts are vouched for by cmi-
nent scientists, and the Naples phy-
Bician; who for forty years has fought
against decomposition, is shown to
have absolutely triumphed.
The London Lancet, which is the ac-
knowledgt-d exponent of things medical
in the British Isles, and which looks
with a cynical eye upon any one who
has a novelty to propound, vouches for
Dr. Marini. as the following extract
from the pages of its issue of August
20 snows: again the Lancet has
drawn attention the the Lancet has
drawn attention to the ingenuity shovn
by Italian surgeons in immunizing the
dead subject from decomposition and
the theme has acquired fresh Interest
from its recent handling by Signor Lv-
igi Ferrara.
•Throughout Italy, whether in its
anatomical museums or in the family
vault* of its cemeteries wonderful
specimens of such successful immuniza-
tion are to be seen, but none of these
can approach the perfection attained
by Dr. EfiSto Marini In a process which
may well be called national.
"For forty years that. Neapolitan sur-
geon has striven to improve on the
methods hitherto in practice, and his
results, as known to the profession,
throw all previous successes Into the
shade. "Without incision'—so lam in-
formed— injections, simply
with a series of baths, he has succeed-
ed in preserving the human subject
from all risk of decomposition what-
ever.'
"His modus operand! consists of three
stages.
"1. Provisional desl cation (preserva-
tion applied to the corium in its transi-
tion period). Bodies so prepared and
immersed in a liquid of his own devis-
ing may regain their primary freshness
and be thereafter subjected to ana- ;
tomical operations or demonstrations ;
like the ordinary cadaver of the dis
secting room.
"2. Petrification of the body so pre-
pared—a process which, in Dr. Marini's
hands, is so effective that the density
as well as the consistency of marble
is attained, insomuch that a few hours
after the completion of this stage a key
brought in sharp contact with the sur-
face elicits a true metallic ring from the
body.
"3. The restoration to this desiccated '
and petrified subject of the freshness,
the softness, the flexibility and even
the complexion of the natural state. As !
SOME OF FROST'S PICTURES OF A GOLFER'S WOES.
HAZARD.
Body of a Chald an Ufe-Like Preservation.
From a photograph.
described to me the bodies so treated
come from Dr. Marini's hands as if
asleep or in a condition of temporarily
"Si™-!™ dead within the
) i ast decade—like Benedetto Calroli and
j Sanfelice— have been thus 'stereotyped,'
so to say, for posterity and become to
the anatomist, the anthropologist and
the medical Jurist an object lesson in
<* their respective mi
< Dr. Marini has been sustained in his
lifelong- work by the sympathetic en
couragement of surgeons like Nelaton
and Billroth, and of anatomists like
lii chard Owen and Sappey."
B.™^X> r,'°£ ££.-. sK*l£
he is no longer a scientist but an artist.
His marvelous touch makes death a
serene repose, which preserves all the
graces, all the beauty of hfe.
f^^S^S^f^^^
a ]itt]e girl put tQ Bleepf (excuge ] tll/ exi
pression) by Marini. Frail and pale,
with her brown ringlets clustering over
her forehead, her childish freshness pre
served, little Marie—which was the
name of the baby-seems still, after so
SSaS^&^SsSS&S 2! fJJS
s he [a ,n, n one of th "c naivl poS v hth
babies take during - te/rsl^ep °
.. Many othtr fl< Jg people Sp peace
iably in the joyous splendor of Potrsrio
bXed in the same of Naples em
balmed in the same way There
Mme. g azzaro Cipriani whose body at
tnia moment has the look of an anae
mic dreaming. It was not embalmed
by M Marini until twenty days after
her death."
Bodies preserved in this fashion
have nothing about them suggestive of
death. The first Impression onThas on
seeing one ,s, s that Omething magic^
and superhuman has occurred This one
of the three processes is that" of Which
Marini is most proud.
His process keeps the bodies perma
nently fresh, sweet and supple Then,
j s no trace of the rigidity of death.
They look as if they had been hypno
tized or were asleep. One expects them
to move at any moment,
The hands are as soft and flexible as
if life were present; the flesh yields to
the touch. Veins, arteries, muscles
nerves, tendons, form, volume— all are
so natural that the absence of life is
startling.
When you lift the hand of a "Marin
[zed" person and hold it against the
light it is seen to be of a transparent
pink. In the case of a woman all the
delicate tints are there, changing in
depth until the nails are reached The
skin has the softness of that of a
little child, and Instead of suggesting a
deathbed or a tomb the human clay
awakes feelings of sympathy.
Signor Ferrara says that in looking
at the foot of a woman that had been
"Marinized" he saw that it had the
whiteness of marble. Instead of think
ing of the grave his thoughts dwelt
upon its beauty, and he wondered how
often that foot had whirled in the
rhythmic waltz and how many men had
admired the ankle when they saw it
peeping out of a dainty shoe.
Placed under the Roentgen rays
bodies preserved in this manner are
completely transparent. When living I
bodies are subjected to the fluoroscope j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
Preserves the Bodies in a Life-Like Gonditiorv and Surpasses Any process KrvoWn to the Egyptians.
they show the bones very plainly; hero
they are only revealed by a slightly
darker tint.
One point that is noteworthy about (
the process is shown by this experi- i
ment. The hands of a woman suffer
ing from dropsy were "Marlnized."
They kept their enlarged morbid char
acteristics.
The value of the application of what
may be termed the "life-like" process is :
evident in medical jurisprudence.
Bodies that are not identified may be
preserved indefinitely. In case of a
murder the corpse of the victim might
be produced in court months after
death to show the nature of the wounds.
In Marini's collection he has a heart
pierced by a dagger, which looks as
fresh as the day on which It beat for
the last time. It is in such a condition
that it might be handed to the jury in
a murder trial for their examination.
In the Guldensuppe murder case and
in the Bridgeport mystery the value of
UNLUCKY "JACK," JUST ASHORE.
Tricks Thjat fire Played Upon th>e Man-of-war's Man by Unconscionable Rascals to Rob Him af Mis
Accumulated Earnings.
THE return of our victorious
squadron from Cuba created in
New York a condition of affairs
which requires a new reading of
two homely faws to do it jus
tice: "All roads lead to the Bowery."
and "Jack and his money are Boon
parted" tell the story. Equipped with
an enforced accumulation of four or
five months 1 salary, the sailors of
Sampson's and Schley's fleets were in
full possession of that portion of the
city lear to the blue jacket's heart.
From the hour when the tlrst liberty
boat touched the dock on the direct
route to the Bowery, a new order of
affairs have prevailed. It has been a
dry and desolate season there since the
late war dragged so many g*>od cus
tomers away in haste. The Bowery,
that famous stretch of coast upon
which many a naval sailor has drifted
to his own undoing, and whose every
cobblestone could give expert testimony
in fights and frauds and midnight
crimes, was a summer resort in De
cember.
The news that the sailor heroes were
coming home again caused a wave of
feverish activity throughout the Bow
i cry, stores were rented and hastily
'■ fitted up with counter and shelves and
experts with corkscrew or club were en
gaged, every preparation necessary to
the luring of the sailor's dollar was
! made. Then a Stillness settled over the
i famous street. It was the calm before
the storm.
When a warship was paid ort at tne
expiration of a cruise, York street and
its tributaries fairly swarmed with
thugs, decoys and land sharks. Thefts
and badgering became so frequent that
finally more than one captain arranged
to have his crew taken from the yard
to New York City on a Government
tug. But this was a wasted precau
tion. In those days the brutal high
way robbery of the navy-yard's envi
ronments compared with the more sub
tle thievery of the Bowery as a lead
pipe does with a Jeweled dagger. Jack
was ashore to be robbed, and he seldom
escaped his destiny.
In 1883 the corvette Nlpsic reached
the Brooklyn yard from a long cruise
on the European station. In her crew
was a seaman who had managed to
gain the rating of chief quartermaster
by strict attention to duty. His pay
was $85 a month, and he contrived to
save $30. On previous cruises he had
been a spendthrift and a "fourth class
man" of the worst description, and this
change of attitude surprised his ship
mates. "What's up with Bill?" they
asked. "He's either getting nutty or
else some widdy's got him in tow. He
wouldn't draw any monthly money last
time, and the pay clerk almost turned
a fit. Bill will be in the asylum at
Washington before long."
But "Bill" continued to save and also
to add to his income by making caps
and fine mustering shirts fur the less
thrifty members of the crew. When the
Nipsic was paid off the chief quarter
LIE.
the Marini process would have been
very great.
Nelaton, the physician of Napoleon
111, by order of the Emperor investi
gated the Marini discoveries.
Nelaton gave the Neapolitan two
bodies to preserve, and this he did in
ISGN. One was that of an old man who
had been mysteriously murdered. The
body looks to-day as it did thirty years
ago. Round the neck is still the furrow
made by the rope used to drag the vic
tim along the street to a spot remote
from the place where he had met his
end.
The woman is of the same criminal
type. She also was the victim of an
assassin. The identity uf neither body j
was known at the time Marini subject- |
ed them to his process, and they would ]
never have been known had not the
doctor of Naples arrested the processes
of nature.
The "life-like" process may be applied
to a body that has been dried up; the
master stepped up to the table and
drew the' tidy sum of $1020. "I hope
you will take care of that money. Cal
kins," spoke up the commanding offi
cer, who was standing by watching the
operation. "Better put it away in some
safe bank and let it draw interest for
your old ag-e. Another cruise of the
same — "
"Saving your pardon, ean'ain, I ain't
coming back," interrupted Bill proudly.
"I've had enough of the service, sir.
I've got a little girl awaitin' for me,
and me and her are going to start a
farm out on Long Island. I've bet n
raising h—lh — 1 long enough, and now I'm
going to raise something more re
| spectable." Those of his shipmates
1 within hearing- grinned broadly. Bill
! as a farmer was the best Joke of the
! cruise. As he went below to pack his
i black bag he was the subject of much
! good-natured raillery. "Better steer a
course by night, mate," advised the
! master-at-arms. "It's mighty bad
cruising nowadays along York street."
"Why don't you charter a canal boat
to take you to Hayseed harbor?" said
another nhipmate with mock concern.
"I'd help to smuggle you out of the
ship after eight bells if you pass the
word." "I'll lay you a double eagle you
are knocking at the navy yard gate
! before this time next week," was the
! ship's cook's comment, and at last
Bill's ire was aroused.
"You blemed muddle-fingers don't
seem to understand the case, confound
you!" he shouted. "This ain't no sud
den resolve, mates. When I got homo
from the China station last cruis.-, I
found that my little girl had growed al
most into a woman. She was staying
with her grandmother, and it struck
! me it was near time I helped her along
|in the world. We talked it over and I
; promised to save every penny and we'd
start a little farm. I've saved the
money, and I'm going to put that little
girl beyond want, s'help me if I don't.
I Good-by. fellers."
Tho Nipsic was put under repairs
; without going out of commission, and
preparations for shipping a new crew
! were in operation, when, one evening
: after 9, a man limped up to the sentry
• at the York street gate and demanded
| admittance. He was battered and
i bruised, a nondescript suit of ragged
j overalls clothed him, and he spoke in
a hesitating, rambling way, as if his
mind was affected. "Want to ship?"
he whispered. "Got a big discharge
and a ratin' of chief quarterniasi- r.
Got a little girl, too. May be I'll buy
a farm fur her some day. We talked
it over, and — say, want to go aboard
the guardo and sign in. Had a terri
ble time 'shore and want to get back
in service again. Lemme in, will you?"
"It's Bill Calkins," said the watch
man to the marine. "The sharks got
him after all. I heard he was paid off
with a wad as big as your right leg.
No use in talking, there are strings on
the rum over In the Bowery and you
can't nohow resist 'em."
Bill was escorted to the receiving
ship and permitted to sleep upon an old
hammock mattress spread on the for
ward berthdeck. About eight bells,
midnight, the sergeant of the guard
MarbeMzed Body of Cardinal QugHelmo Sao Felice.
From a Photograph* '
tissues will become soft again. Marini
took a fragment of an Egyptian mum
my, dead for five thousand years, and
restored the flesh-like characteristics to
what was left of the tissue. For this
feat the Neapolitan received the cross
of the Legion of Honor.
Nelaton. to test Marini, gave him a
dried up human foot, marking it to as
! sure its identity, asking him to restore
|it to its natural condition. In a few
days Marini handed back the foot, fresh
i and pink, the arteries arid veins in such
a state that liquids might have been
injected. This foot, with Nelaton's au
tograph statement of these facts, Is a
valued exhibit in the collection of the
famous embalmer of Naples.
The possibilities of this discovery are
! endless. It can be applied to animals,
and the natural history museums of
the future will be practically a me
nagerie — not a collection of unnatural
looking stuffed creatures.
The second process of Marini Is that
and the mate, acting as the officer of
the deck, attempted to rouse him.
"Here's a telegram, Calkins,"- exclaimed
the officer. "It's from your home and
it says that your little girl is dead.
Brace up, man; you must go at once."
"We talked it over, Millie and me,"
mumbled the form on the mattress. "It
was a farm we decided on. I was to
be captain and Millie was to be first
luff. And we was going to raise—to
raise garden truck and — " He
slept again.
When the Vandalia was paid off af
ter a cruise in the later eighties, a
wiry little Irishman named Duffy, a
fireman on board, left the ship with
a cool $300 in his "monk bag." He was
ashore for a good time, and he went
to the Bowery to find it. That night
he was found in a hallway, stripped
of every cent, drugged and beaten. A
policeman paid his carfare to the
Yard and he shipped at once. A week
later, after he had rested up and re
covered some of his usual good spir
its, Duffy asked for liberty, but it was
denied him because he was in debt
for his new outfit.
Shortly after midnight he slipped
over the Bide to the dock by way of a
mooring hawser and • made his escape
from the Yard through the "swamp,"
as the land north of the marine bar
racks was called. There was just a
touch of gray in the east when Duffy,
i hilarious and lurching, appeared on
j the dock again. He saluted the aston
; ished sentry with a wave of his hand,
I staggered up the gangway, and
jas he stepped on board his
foot slipped and he fell prostrate
j on the edge of the quarterdeck. There
was a loud Jingling of coin and a vast
number of dimes, nickels, quarters and
half-dollars fell from Duffy's pockets
and rolled haphazard over the deck.
"Gather thim oop, me byes," he
shouted proudly to the anchor watch
which had hastened to his assistance.
"It's all money ay that baste ay a
thafe. Murphy, who kapes the gin mill
forninst the- Bowery. Whoop! It's me
silf as is square wid him." He sub
sided Into a peaceful sleep in the
"brig" and the mystery remained un
solved until the morning papers ap
peared with a scare head article an
nouncing that the saloon of one Mi
chael Murphy on the Bowery had been
entered during the night, that the cash
drawer had been robbed of its contents,
that Murphy himself had been set upon
by the burglars and beaten insensible,
and that a sailor's knife lanyard had
been found on the premises. A few
detectives prowled around the yard
for several days, but Duffy was kept
under cover by his admiring shipmates
and the affair was finally forgotten.
If there is any excuse for roystering
the naval sailor has it. He is con
demned to pass/ the greater part of his
time on board a vessel much too small
and cramped for the crew occupying
it. He can seldom secure two consec
utive days ashore, and if he should
overstay his leave by so much as an
hour he is punished by restriction.
FOHC I 1 1
DR. EFISIO MARINI CF NAPLES, Inventor of the Process.
From a photograph.
of petrifaction. He changes a human
body to the consistency of marble — even
the softest portions of the flesh, even
the blood.
Perhaps the most remarkable achieve
ment of Dr. Marini in "marD.eizing"
a human body was when he petrified
Cardinal Guillaume Sanfelice in the
short space of four days.
As he was during his life so is the
cardinal in his death. The face re
minds one, by its serene sweetness, of
the mystic faces which Fra Angelico
had the secret of depicting. It pre
serves still the benign smile which
made it so dear to the Neapolitans,
when bending his handsome forehead
with a gentle air he raised his hand to
bless them. The expression nas some
thing about it spiritual, ethereal, which
gives to the person of the late Cardinal
the simple, pure look of the saints of
old. The face has a look which makes
one think that the dead priest was
worn out with works of piety, which
his ardent love for humanity made him
accomplish, but still smiling, despite it,
with a holy peace.
The preservation of the Cardinal sug
gests that other great men may by the
Marini process be handed down to pos
terity. The process seems to make un
necessary the work of the sculptor.
We can keep our heroes not in stone
or plaster, but in the flesh.
Some such motive, in addition to their
religious beliefs, doubtless influenced
the ancient Egyptians when they made
their mummies.
But the process of Marini is as far
superior to anything the Egyptian ever
dreamed of as is the ocean greyhound
to an Brie Canal barge. This difference
is very well demonstrated in Marini's
little museum, which contains samples
of the work of those who preceded him
in his specialty.
In his showcase are many fragments
of Egyptian mummies. He has a foot
which was mummified by nature and
which was taken from a vault in the
Cathedral of Venzone, where all the
dead bodies are perfectly preserved be
cause of a species of little fungus which
formed on the skin and living as a par
asite reduced it to a state of dryness
that prevented decay.
One of the most precious Bouvenira
which Marini petrified was some blood
of Garibaldi.
He made It Into a -medal and offered
It to the general In order that he, as
Marini wrote him, might In looking at
it, brace himself up for his last fight,
and that others mipht remember it as
a part of the same blood that the heror
shed on the rocks of D'Aspromonte.
In the middle of the medal are en
graved these words: "The blood ofi
Garibaldi is forever red."
In spite of the honors scientific men,
have showered upon Marini he is
modest.
Fur thirty years he has lived at Na
ples on' his private practice. All sorts o£
opportunities have been offered him to
g-o to foreign countries, where he could
make large sums out of his abilities,
but these offers only make him miser
able. He is a patriot and they show
him how little his own country appre
ciates him in comparison with others.
He would consider it a crime to emi
grate with his dlscoveriea He thinks
they belong to Italy. But that country,
unfortunately, does n>>t seem to be in
the- active intellectual condition neces
sary to appreciate at his true worth a
man of Marini's capacity.
At one time it looked — that was in
1871 — as if Italy were going to recognize
his merit. The Minister of Public In
struction created a commission to in
vestigate his work, but nothing came oft
it except some flattering testimonials.
In some places Marini has been de
nounced as a sorcerer and a dcvil — a
man who used the black arts of the al
chemist of former days, spending hi 9
time in trying to extract from dead
bodies the elixir of life. Others look
upon him as a crank. Marini himself
has often become discouraged. He saia
recently to Ferrara, sighing, his whita
head bowed with grief:
"Believe me, my dear sir, believe me,
I shall finish by throwing- everything
into the sea."
PUBLISHED BY HARPER BROS.
NO SCORE.
2526
SLOWLY but surely the strag
glers are ambling back to
town, and each day now
smoke Is to be seen issuing
from chimneys that have been
Inactive all summer. Houses are being
thrown open and aired, preparatory to
the season's entertainment, and
mothers who have but Just finished
getting their younger daughters away
to school are now up to their eyes, div
ing Into old trunks for rare bits of lace
and other heirlooms with which to em
bellish the coming-out gowns of the
debutantes.
• • *
The past week has been almost de
void of social happenings in town, with
the exception of the very delightful
euchre party given by Mrs. Rebecca
Jennings and a few theater parties, of
one of which Mrs. Eleanor Martin was
again the hostess.
-* ♦ ■ ' • *
The remainder of the month will
probably be taken up with informal
teas and luncheons, weddings and en
tertainments for brides until Novem
ber 4, .when Mrs. Salisbury's Friday
Fortnightly will have its first meeting,
which event is being eagerly looked
forward to by the buds as the occasion
of their formal launching upon society's
wave.
• • •
Mr. Oreenway has determined on
December 9 as the date upon which the
Friday NJ^ht Club will make it^ rlr^t
bow of the season, after which the fun
■will no doubt be fast and furious until
Lent drops Its pall upon all things
■worldly.
The wedding* scheduled for the com
ing w^ok ar^ those of Miss Moody, Miss
and Mrs. Heathcote; also that of
Miss E. Mead anil l>r. Joseph Morissy,
which will lake place on Wednesday
evening at St. Mary's Cathedral, the
ceremony to be followed by a reception
at the family residence on Haight
Btreet.
* •
Among those of the smart set who
have recently returned to town are
Mr. and Mrs. Sidney V.
and Miss Bertha Smith, who have
been spending the summer in San
Rafael; the Misses Emelie, Alice and
Ethel Hager, who have also been so
journing In the same delightful vil
lage; Miss Bessie Bowie and Mips May
Friedlander, from their Eastern t r i j . .
and Mr. and Mrv. Colin M. Boyd, who
have taken apartments at the Occiden
tal Hotel, after an absence of four
months at their summer residence,
"Casa Boyd," Alameda County.
* • *
Mrs. A. M. Parmtt and family are ex
pected to arrive from their several
villas at San Mateo about the first of
Kovember, and will occupy the family
mansion on Sutter street during the
■winter.
. . •
Lieutenant Reginald F. Nicholson, j
TJ. S. N., who was navigating officer of ;
the Oregon In her fourteen-thousand
mile voyage to the Atlantic station, ar- ■
rived In this city recently, and was the
guest of honor last Sunday at a charm
ing breakfast given by Irving M. Scott,
Lieutenant Nicholson is to command ;
the new torpedo-boat destroyer Far
ragiit.
• • •
An old fashioned mode of entertain
ment was enjoyed by a merry party
on one of the moonlight evenings of
last week In San Rafael In the shape of
a straw ride. After a delightful drive
over the boulevard grade and through
Ross Valley the party feasted in the
tower of the Hotel Rafael. The party
comprised Mr. and Mrs. Chauncey
Boardman, Mr. and Mrs. J. J. Crooks,
Mrs- A. P. Fechteler, Miss Ella Morgan,
Miss Therese Morgan, Miss Bertha
Smith, Miss Eleanor Morrow, Miss Kate
Salisbury, Miss Delia Davidson, Miss
Alice Hager. Mr. Edward M. Qreenway,
Mr. Ben Holliday, Mr. Samuel H.
Boardman, Mr. Karl Howard and Mr.
Emerson Warfield.
Over In Oakland affairs social have
not dragged during the week. There
have been dinners and luncheons and
teas. The most elaborate of the din
ners was that given by Miss Mac Per
kins, daughter of Senator George C.
Perkins, in honor of the engagement
of Miss Perkins to Mr. Bew of Ala
meda. There were about thirty guests
present.
Quite the prettiest of the luncheons
■was the yellow luncheon given by Miss
Merle Morrison. The guests were seated
at two round tables, which were dec
orated with huge brass candelabra and
the moat gorgeous yellow flowers. The
favors were yellow blossoms and lit
tle chrysanthemum boxes of salted al
monds. Among those bidden were Miss
de Fremery, Miss Randall, Miss Sha
ron, Miss Howard, Miss Smith, Miss
Craig and Miss Marion Randall.
• • •
Dr. and Mrs. J. O. Hirshfelder are at
present traveling in Holland and ex
pect to be home in the early spring.
Miss Mary Belle Owln has been
spending the week with Miss Ethel
Tompkins at her home near San An-
Belmo.
Mr. Samuel G. Murphy and Miss
Ethel Murphy left for the East on Mon
day last, to be gone about three weeks.
Upon their return the family will re
side on Pacific avenue, near Pierce
street.
Mr. Edgar Mizner has returned to
Ban Francisco from the Klondike.
Mrs. Frederick. L. Castle and the
Misses Castle will leave shortly for
New York, where Miss Hilda Castle
WiH be married late In October to Mr.
S. L. Cunningham.
Rumors of the merry doings of come
of the belles who have deserted San
Francisco reach here occasionally. The
latest of these is that Miss Marie Mes
ser hae safely reached Denver and Is
having a charming time as the guest
of Mrs. Cranmer, who is planning all
sorts of delightful things in her honor.
Last Thursday she gave her a tea. to
•which 300 guests were bidden. Dur
ing the carnival festivities Mlbb Messer
had a most glorious time. On Thurs
day, the night of the masked ball, the
last of the carnival, when the fun and
frolic reaches its culmination, she went
costumed in black tarletan. ruffled to
the waist, black gloves and sllppera
and a black mask. She walked In tho
queen's train, her escort being one of
those chosen by the king to attend the
queen.
Miss Gertrude Redman, daughter of
Judge and Mrs. R. W, Redman, of Loa
Angeles, who has been the guost of Mrs. j
Garret Mclneraey for the past month, Is
at present In Stockton, visiting the fam
ily of Mr. Alexander Chalmers.
• « *
E. P. Vtriing, superintendent of the
Market Street Railway, left here last
week for BrookHne, Mass.. in order to be
preseni at the marriage of his daughter. -
. Miss Annabel Bodwell Vining. to Charles
Otis, which will take place In the Bap
tist church of th.it place on Monday
evening:, October 10.
* « •
The engagement is announced of Miss .
Winifred C. Gibbons, eldest daughter of
C. I. Gibbons, city agent of the Atlas :
Insurance Company, and Andrew \V. Tur- i
pin, ;<>>ii of P. L. Turpin of the Columbian
Bank.
. . *
The members of the Entre Nous Co
tillon will open their ninth season with
an assembly and german on Friday even- i
ing-. October 21. at th.. Palace Hotel. i
Arthur Lee, who was well known in so- ;
cial circles in this city some years ago,
passed through here lasi w> ek on hi?
t'ridiU tour, having been recently married i
at Elkins, \V. Va.. to Miss Davis; who is
a. daughter of ex-Senator Davis of West
; Virginia, and a sister-in-law of Senator
Stephen Elkins. Mr. and Mrs. Lee sailed
on the last out-going steamer for China.
Miss Jennie Blair has returned to h< r
hum.-, 1315 Van Ness avenue, after spend
ing several months at Bartlett Springs.
Mrs. James B. Marvin of the Palace
'.will spend thr winter months at Coro
nado.
Mrs. C. Coleman and Miss Jan-nte Cole
; man of \2>': O'Farrell street have resumed
• their da.y at home, the second Thursday.
A "Dinner in < >!d Egypt" will be piven .
at the Third Congregational Church on
: Friday evening, October 14, followed by
ntertalnment.
• •
The members of tho Blue Ribbon Co
tillion announce their tifth party, which
Is to take place Wednesday evening.
October 12, at Himnan's Ha!!, 1412 Polk
Owing m the popularity of the
and th€ social success of Its for
mer parties, a large crowd Is anticipat
ed. The officers are: A. Well, president;
A. E. Koch vice-president; S. M. Swnin,
secretary'; VV. A. Koch, treasurer; recep
tion committee— F. Gonzales, L. Bloc) Jr..
O. C. Steen, I>. J. Murphy. I>r. Sw«iin and
VV. A. Koch.
Mi.'-s Ramona Short or San Gabriel is
st of Mrs. John C. Kirkpatrick at
the ¥::..
• • •
The McKenzie Musical Society gave
their thirteenth musical and hop on
lay evening last at Odd Fellows'
Hall. The audience was very large and
the following programme was renden '■
"America." McKenzie Musical Society and
audience; "Minute Gnn at Sea" King)
F. VV. Foley and Hall Slocomb; "Lost
Chord" (Sullivan), society; "La Prlma
vera" (Torry), Miss Sadfe Johnson: a.
"Tenting on the Old (.'amp Ground" iTur
nen, b, "Vacant Chair" (X
Here' Chorus" from "Faust"
no<i>. McKenzie Musical Society; "Song
That Reached My Heart," Mrs. Ivy Bard
(female barytone), assisted by ladies'
quartet, violin ami cello oblig-ato by Carl
\ andal and F. C. Hartwig; a "Serenade"
'.S.-lmh.-r: ., h, "A Dream," arranged by
M kenzie from "Xarcissus" (Nevfn) so
ciety; "Clang of the Wooden Shoon"
(Molloy), Miss Minnie Powell; "M'Ap
parl," from "Martha" (Flotow), .T. Brai
ton; comical selections, Leslie Peterson;
a. "Flag uf Liberty" (Pere la Vlctolre
March) (Ganne), b. "Skar-spangled Ban
ner" (Key). Miss Minnie Powell and Mc-
Kenzie Musical Society. Dancing fol
lowed the musical*.
* •
The engagerm-nt Is announced of Phmp
B. Lynch of Vallejo and Miss Minnie
' iyne of Benicia, The wedding will take
place at St. Dominic's Church, Benfeia,
Wednesday . October 2*5. at 10:30 a. m.
• « • •
Mr. and Mrs. S. Lindner and family
have moved to 212<i Pine street.
Mrs. D. Quinlan has returned from San
Rafael to her home. 1920 Stelner street.
Miss Lulu Aron Is spending a few weeks
with her aunt, Mrs. Straus, at Hanford.
Mr. and Mrs. Clarence Martin Mann
have returned from an extended Eastern
trip.
* •
Mrs. C. Metzger, Mrs. P. Schnalttaeher
and her daughter (Miss Edith Schnait
tachen. 1913 Van Xess avenue, will receive
the first Tuesday of tach month.
The wedding of Mrs. E. R. Sullivan and
Lawrence LlIUs took place at 2 o'clock
September 27. It was a quiet affair, only
a few relatives being present. After the
ceremony, which was performed by the
Rev Father Prendergast, Mr. and Mr?.
Lillis left for a tour of Southern Cali
fornia.
The engagement is announced of miss
JJellle E. Shipley of Oakland to Louis Al
fred Larsen of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Bessie Conover of San Diego and George
Bates, son of Dudley C. Bates of 1705 Oc
tavia street. The wedding will take place
at St. Paul's Episcopal Church in San
Diego on Wednesday, October 12. and
promises to a brilliant society affair.
A BUD'S
GOSSIP.
DEAREST Marguerite: Fancy a
cotillion without Southard Hoff
man. Take the brake off your im
agination and give If full swing.
What <io you say? Your fancy
cannot gallop at such a pace? I do not
marvel. For a dance without Southard's
j reaence is like— well, is like a dance
without music. But <">n Saturday night,
October 8, ISPS, the "light fantastic" was
tripped with Southard thousands of miles
away. Doesn't it make your nerves do
a two-step to think of It?
This seeming Impossibility really came
to pass. With my own two eyes I saw
It, with my own two feet I tripped It,
and deep in my heart of hearts I re
gretted that such a thing should be.
Though foolish men hie away to dis
tant lands, yet fond maidens cannot wear
the willow. For 'tis our birthright to
laugh and make merry. So we chaeed
the glowing hours with flying feet at the
Miller cotillion.
But, I'eg, 1 felt th© crushing weight of
my twenty years. A dozen other girls
confessed the same thing. For there were
lust thirteen of ue who had "been there
before." The others were sweet little
girls who have evoluted from the Wed
nesday Afternoon classes to these Satur
day Night affairs.
Pear little novices deserting the three
R's of the school room for the P's and
Q'e of society!
They looked no pretty In their simple
gowns, they danced so well and so merrily
and they proved that enjoyment is not
a loHt art among the younger generation.
We older girls were glad that we came,
for wo helped to carry out tho delusion
that It was a "growed-up folks" affair.
Though you would have never guessed
that the little ones were used to sajing
their prayers and snuggling into bed at
ten. - .
We did not dance very much, for ainek
a-day. the dear boy*, the good boya. were
an rare as tobcb rare, and we didn't want
to deprive the little girl* of their part
ners.
There was ft reason for this lack of
masculinity, The Oakland Fortniffhtlya
hold their cotillions on the name nlglits,
and many of tho boys had accepted over
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, OCTOSfJS r, 1898.
the-bav invitations before the cards for
Miss Miller's cotillions were out. It will
be a tug-of-war for the capture of the
youths who love the "heel-and-toe," un
less one side gracefully changes its
night.
very few of this year's buds were at tne
HUNTING CHINATOWN FOR RARE CHINA
IS
THE NEW FAD
Costs Little Here, but in Europe It Is Expensive.
MRS. LOU WILLIAMS of Pa
ciric avenue has been making
a fad Of collecting china for
the last eight years, both here
and abroad. At a dinner party
last week she used for the first time her
just completed set of Irnari. The cloth
was white, and the only decoration be
side the dishes was a tall center piece
of yellow and white chrysanthemums.
"Oh, you may well admire my china,"
Mrs Williams answered to the con
tinual exclamations of "How perfectly
lovely."
"I have gathered it all in Chinatown
piece by piece, and Imarl is scarce in
San Francisco now. It has been the
greatest fun and I have, never had a
single unpleasant experience going
about among the Bhops. We do not
half appreciate our Chinese and Japan
ese china because It so inexpensive. In
Paris I saw the chrysanthemum cups
which can be bought here for $1 25, and
they could not be bought for less than
$7. The same with the seven sages
cup. The thousand wise men cups are
worth |50 there, and can be bought here
for J2O. When I furnished my house I
wanted something different from what
any one has, so I began to collect my
Imari, and at last I have every piece.
My soup tureen is the last.
"The Imari ware is all one pattern
and the colors are always the same —
vermilion red and royal blue and gold.
When the English first went to China
the ware was made into the regulation
dinner services. These services do not
come intact, but in separate pieces, be
cause the only factory where they were
made is no longer in existence. The
Miller cortllllon. We werea curious mixture
of tender sprouts and half-blown blos
soms. For It la against the ethics of
swelldom that buds should unfold their
sweetness collectively. They must appear
individually at some especial function,
1 where the world and his wife can duly
admire. After they have formally come
out." Mabel and her partner— buds in this
winter's joys and sorrows, principally
Borrows — will be allowed to lend their
fragrance to the Saturday Night co
tillions.
But the dear buds will not be able to
i enjoy the genuine, bona-flde buddom that
!is their due. For Southard Hoffman's ue
! sertion to distant Honolulu makes that
! impossible. Who else is there who so dutl
tifully dlsdaln6 the charms of blossoms
and conspicuously confines his attention
to the Buds? Southard loves them, one
1 and all. He never confuses their respect
ive preference for flowers or chocolates;
i he helps them tenderly over the stony
! places of a first season, and then when
winter is over, without one lingering
< glare-, he flits airily away to the new
crop of buds.
On! by the way, Peggy dear, come,
"fess" up. You've told some one about
Emile Bruguiere's engagement. You must
have whispered it, for every one knows it,
! and although Emile denies It, he has the
gra<-e to blush while doing so.
Marie Wells and Marie Oge called yes
; terday. I have promised to go horseback
riding with them some day next week.
\ The sweet Maries" have become devo
tees of. the saddle and have foresworn
dances and teas. One wears a gray and
the other a blnck riding habit, and they
look very stunning and tide remarkably
well. But, really, when it comes to slt
; ting a horse we must all bow low to Flor
j ence Stone.
I dropped In to see the Carolan girls
on Wednesday. There were a half dozen
other girls there doing the afternoon tea
act. I was surprised to see the Hopkins
and the Morgans, for I thought that they
were still out of town. Therese Morgan
Is going down to Santa Barbara this week
to stay a month. I couldn't make up my
mind whether the other girls were in
vited or, like myself, Just "happened
along."
Ind*a Hill gave us a duck dinner this
week in Oakland. The duck season has
just opened, and the btrds were brought
down from Suisun. I*. Is now a matter of
I record that Grace Sham and Temple Dib
ble together, unaided and abetted by me
rest of us, devoured three ducks. me
men looked very swell in white duck suits,
■ and we girls were coolly comfortable In
j gowns of the same material. But though
ft was a duck dinner and we were all re
splendent in duck gowns, we acted like
eeese Your affectionate chum.
FLORA McFLIMST.
• • •
The annual meeting of the Colonial
Dames, resident In California, was held
at the home of the corresponding secre
tary and historian, Mrs. C. Elwood
Brown, 3201 Pacific avenue, on Tuesday,
October 4. There was a large attendance,
I especially of the new members. The re-
I ports were listened to with marked ln
j terest, after which a social hour, when
i dainty refreshments were served, was en-
I joyed. Mrs. Selden S. Wrlrht was re
elected chairman, Mrs. Henry Gibbons re
cording secretary. Mrs. Edwin W. New
hall treasurer and Mrs. C. j wood Brown
corresponding secretary and historian..
Mr. and Mrs. Landls announce the en
fagement of their daughter, Lulu, to Dr.
. F. Lilley of the Alameda County In
firmary,
Mrs. Jullen Llebefl will not resume her
j day at home until the second Monday in
November. ■
Mrs. John Denalr. wife of the superln
! tendent of the Arizona division of the
j Santa Fe Pacific, who has been visiting
i her mother, Mrs. A. C. Hlenter. for the
past few months, left for Los Angeles last
• evening, accompanied by her son and
I niece, Miss Treasure Hlester of Alameda.
The engagement Is announced of Mrs.
! Lona Silver to Charles Barron. The wed
: ding will take place in April.
The wedding of George Spencer Ames
i and Miss Teesie Skelly took place on
i Thursday, September 29, at the reßldenco.
! of the bride's sister, Mrs. Samuel Crooks,
in Santa Rosa. Only the family and a
few intimate fritnde wero present. The
happy couple will leave Monday for an
extended northern trip. After -visiting
Seattle, Portlnnd Vancouver and Colo
rado . Springs, they will spend a few
months in Butto, Montana, where the
groom hafi business Interests.
Th*> engagement Is announced of Frank
J. Murphy, a young attorney of Watson- \
SOCIETY
vllle, ar.d Miss N'onle I^ahlff, formerly of
Hollister, but now of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mlxpah FrleiWich to William Hoelscher.
Mr. Benjamin Bowen, an old resident of
this city, arrived last Tuesday on the
steamship Senator from Manila..
fish sets are particularly beautiful, as
they are made in the shape of a fish.
The dessert plates have laoe-patterned
edges, but all others are scalloped. The
vegetable dishes have trays for draw
ing peas or asparagus, like a soup dish.
The table effect is simply gorgeous and
the expense of a set Is not great.
"My first plates cost me only 10
cents," Mre. Williams said, "but my
last have cost 60 cents. All the rest are
In the same proportion. I have begun
a Canton set now, and I think It is, if
anything, prettier, and it is much easier
to find and not so expensive, either."
The Canton ware is green and gold
and not so barbarous in effect as the
Imari. The patterns are more varied,
but always in the same line— flowers in
vases, in wreaths or separate, combined
with Chinese drawing room scenes. The
different dishes, however, are not so
oddly shaped, but the china is liner
than the Imari.
There Is another Canton ware which
is blue and always In one pattern, and
not unlike our grandmother's old blue
and white china. It has always one
pattern. There is a blue pagoda-top
Joss house and a man sailing toward it
in a sampan. This china has little or
no gold, and is therefore much the
simpler.
Neither the Canton or Imari come in
anything but tako ware, while the Sat
suma. Cloisonne and Kusan are made
only In ornamental china.
The famous peach blow .vase which
the Duchess of Marlborough, when she
was still Mrs. Hammersly of New
York, paid $20,000 for, was bt this Ku
san ware. It is almost without design,
and its beauty lies in the color. The
peach blow was pink and white, but
the usual color is green at the top,
which changes through every shade to
ashes of rose at the bottom. It is
CANTON VASE WITH B*TILE SCENE.
From a photograph.
smooth, highly glazed and looks like a '
great opal.
The Cloisonne Is the ware we see
most commonly and is an example of
Chinese painstaking patience. It has :
a foundation of copper and the flowers
and birds are outlined in gold or silver
In the best ware and in copper or brass
in cheaper pieces. Then each /lower is j
filled in and baked over and over again,
and all the work must be done by hand.
One piece will take weeks to complete,
and then the glaze may not be perfect, !
and. as the Chinaman says, will have
"plenty holps." There is a clever imita
tion of. Cloisonne made by the Japanese
which has the copper or gold wire
painted in. Considering the work, Cloi- i
sonne is not expensive, as a very per- ;
feet vase six or seven inches high can
be bought for $5, or for $100 large vases
with storks flying in intense blue sky,
or flowers on different colored back- i
grounds.
The Satsuma wnre is all made by one '
family, but a Chinese has as many
cousinf as a Virginian, so that the fac
tory is not a small one. You can tell a
Satsuma piece invariably by the pe
culiar crackled effect under the glaze.
The patterns are very minute and are
painted by hand under a microseon».
so to appreciate the'r teiuty one must
Ic.k at them through a slass. One oi
the most frequent forma is an incense
burner having three legs and a colled
dragon on top. There is much more
gold on the Satsuma than on any other
ware, which adds much to its expense.
Besides these special makes nre oth
ers which are not so plentiful. Little
of the best china ev.->r leaves its own
country, as it is made for the Em
peror's family, and b»ars the royal
monogram which it would be blasphem
ous t<> sell.
The Japanese teacups, which can be
bought for less than '^ cents out here,
are simply beautiful, and any place else
cost three or four times the amount.
The competition among the unusually
large number of Chines^ merchants
here makes their wares cheap. In the
British Museum are preserved quanti- ,
ties of china exactly like what can b<->
found here in any good Chinatown
shop, which was seized in China 250.
y->ars ago as trophies of English vic
tories.
In buying china one can trust the
Chinaman to tell the truth, but he sel
dom knows what he has in stock. Mrs.
Williams toM me how she had asked a |
Chinaman to find her a soup tureen.
"The man looked all over town, but i
said he could not find one. Going into
his store one day, I stopped and looked
at siime cups in the window. Next a j
tray I spied my tureen, and it had been :
there 'alle timee.' "
Beware, however, what the Japanese ■
tells you, for if he has not what you
want he will swear an Imari is a Can
ton. He Is absolutely without a con
science when it comes to china ware.
The gilding on this ware, too, is not
to be trusted. The real gold is laid first
on paste and is quite green before it is
UP-TO-DATE LOVE CHARTS
Continued From Page Twenty.
before the Peace Commission reports.
At a girls' luncheon last week the
subject most discussed was love charms.
Each 'girl but my unfortunate self was
the happy possessor of an amulet of
some description, and I began to feel in
very bad form. Indeed, after having
given a negative reply, for the sixth
time, to the question: "You wear a love
charm, don't you?" From that moment
I resolved to get as many addresses as
I could of "eminent seeresses," and
thus equipped to start out on a pilgrim
age of inquiry to obtain the most pot
ent, the most unique, "the very latest"
love charm that could be found, i was
even determined to "o'erstep the
bounds" of my pocketbook and be most
recklessly extravagant if need be in
acquiring the proper love charm and
happiness.
R, with my address book filled with
euphonious names of the various
esses whom I gathered from my girl
friends, I started forth.
The first doorbell I rang was in a
X known down-town boarding house,
after inquiring for the seer^ss I
v ;is shown Into a very handsomely fur
nished reception room.
The walls were hung with tapestries.
Kior, handsome Turkish jars and
es. A jeweled lamp of antique shape
d a thin bluish light over the room.
• portieres parted and I was beck
d into the "inner sanctuary" by the
seeress.
She was gowned in a robe of Turkish
pattern which in every degree harmnn
(i with her apartments.
Ie was superb, indeed. Quite an up
late seeress. She wore rings of won-
r ul workmanship and curious dc
i. At her neck she wore a large
ivory pin in which was im
ded, in Egyptian gold, the word
iVell, my dear," she began, confi
tly and confidentially, "you want
r fortune told, or do you intend buy
ing a love charm? — a love charm, cer
tainly, I was sure of it; for all the dear
tig ladies are buying them now."
issented, and the seeress continued:
, I see that you think you are in
with a young gentleman, and I
:hree young gentlemen in love with
Now, darling" — one must tolerate
...avagant terms of endearment if
I one wishes to buy a love charm — "I do
not want to interfere with your lov«
affairs, but I do want my dear young
lady to be happy. Now, I can w»rk
you a love charm that will make it
easy for you to give up the young gen
tleman with whom you think you are
in love, for it is not to your advantage
to marry him.
"This charm which I will make for
you is one that will direct your heart
to another man, who really is the one
chosen of heaven for you, my dear. He
is in love with you. but you are not at
this time aware of it. I solemnly avow
that before the moon is crescent you
will have a proposal of marriage and
accept this gentleman, who is your
fate.
"If you do not wear this charm you
will have a most unpleasant breaking
off with the gentleman to whom you
have decided to trust your happiness."
"How much will such a love charm
cost?" I intrepidly Interjected.
"My dear, I make several kinds of
love charms, but this one suited to
your case, powerful enough not only to
bring your true love to you, but also
to take this man from you uncondition
ally and without a pang of regret. I
will make for $40, and you will be glad
to pay a hundred for it two weeks
hence."
"Tell me what this charm is made
of?" I asked, fearful of mysterious in
gredients.
"Oh, I will tell you the material
(hinps, but of course the magic in
fluences exerted can never be known
but to myself and the higher powers.
First, you must give me your first
name and that of the young gentleman
with whom you are now infatuated.
These I will copy in blood upon a piece
of parchment made from the skin of a
goat belonging to my great-grand
father in India, who was the greatest
seer in the kingdom. Upon this parch
ment I will also copy the name of the
gentleman you give me. but that only
in blue ink, which, as the charm begins
to work, will fade out and in its place
will be written by magic the name of
the man whom you are destined to
marry. This parchment I will sew in a
silken bag wet in the mystic depths of
a magic well In Asia, and after passing
it through the magic flame I will call
upon the occult powers to protect it
and its owner. This I will hang about
your neck tird with a ribbon of your
favorite color — blue is your lucky
color, my dear, and you should always
wear it before your admirers. I cannot
begin the charm until the hour of mid
night, when the proper conditions pre
vail, so leave a deposit and call for it
to-morrow, my dear."
This charm appealed to me as •won
derfully potent, but as my determina
tion was to see a variety of charms be
fore I invested I told madame that I
would cc-nslder the matter over night
before deciding and bade her good-day.
My next address took me out of the
fashionable uptown quarter over to X»\
toma street. I was agreeably surprised
when I reached the address to find a
house freshly painted, clean and the
stairs newly carpeted.
Madame, the seeress. rustled in a silk
gown. Her nails were badly kept, but
her begrimed fingers were covered with
rings. She seemed in great good spirits.
I asked her if she was doing a good
business.
"Oh, my dear young lady, business
was never better. Since the war began
people somehow are beginning to see
the power in love charms and love phil
ters. I knew they would see it some day,
so I never became discouraged. Al
though I have been a seeress for twen
ty-five years I have sold more love
charms during the past six months than
during the rest of that entire time. My
business hours used to be from 2 to 5
o'clock in the afternoons and from 7 to
polished. It never loses the dead look,
which is a sure distinction between i: •
: real and the gold paint which will co?ne
off in half a dozen washings. ' The glid
ing is glittering and has a copper tinge,
and is much smoother than the real
. gold color, which is liable to be gritty.
I 8 in the evening, but now I am rushed
i from morning until night. The war
with Spain was a blessing to me and
! others of my profession, for many a
! dear soldier bey went off 10 Manila and
i Santiago with a love charm made by
me at the request of his sweetheart.
i whose doubts and fears were set at rest
knowing her lover was under her speli,
no matter how many miles asunder.
"One lieutenant, who has since gained
great honor f'>r his bravery during the
war, wears an amulet around his neclc
| mace of a turquoise, which is his
sweetheart's birth stone, cut in the
! shape at half a heart, wniie the dear
| little girl he left behind him wears the
ether half made of a topaz, which is
her lover's birth stone. I have promised
to unite these stones by magic power
when he returns to claim his bride. It
must then be placed in a box lined with
leaves, which 1 gathered from a tree
of magic parts in Turkey. I sold them.
These two charms sold for $3U apiece."
'"Do you keep other kinds of charms?"
I asked.
"Bless me, yes, my dear. Never two
alike though, for I must make them as
1 am' directed by th<- occult powers act
ing through the person wishing to buy
a charm."
This I took to mean in un-occult par
lance to be: "Costly thy love charm
as thy purse can buy."
"Now, darling, a charm suited to you
should be made of herbs, for you are
emotional and one of your tempera
' ment is given judgment to act in crises
through the magic power expected by a
love Philter made of herbs. The most
potent one I will make out of an herb
! which I gather off the tomb of an In
; dian chief buried near the cemetery. I
! only gather these leaves on each 29th
| day of February, just before sunrise.
"With this herb 1 mix the powdered
bark of thirteen different trees from
thirteen different countries, and then
this potion is sewed in a bag. In your
j case, my dear, I shall cut the bag in
! the shape of a Maltese cross, for you
i are too highly emotional to wear it
! heart-shaped. I take 3333 stitches in
' this bag; each stitch is significant of
' some magic letter or sign. This bag
j you must wear on the right hand side
away from your heart, my dear.
"It will bring you a splendid marriage
I and success in all your undertakings.
I will make it in your case for only $25,
which is most reasonable, I assure
you."
"Have you any cheaper ones that
have power?"
"Oh, they all have power, my dear—
the ones I make, and I have some as
cheap as $1. which upon another per
son would be as potent as this one on
you. but the occult powers have chosen
this kind for you and I dare not inter
fere with their decision."
"J have a hare's foot," I suggested,
"given to me by a friend on my birth
day and she wished upon it. It is sup
l < sed to bring me luck in love, as it Is
i the left hind foot of a graveyard rab
bit, caught in the middle of the night
on the 13th day of the month, by a
cross-eyed negro."
"For $10, my dear, I will guarantee to
I add a charm to that so that it will ac
i quire the real true magic? power."
With a promise to call again the next
day and bring to her the hare's foot.
I left her.
Crossing the city I was shown into
another seeress" shop, where I was in
formed that business had been so brisk
that she could not see to the arrange
! ment of her apartments, nor would she
I trust it to any one else. While waiting
i for the seeress to finish her toilet,
i which I had interrupted, the doorbell
rang six times and the parlors were
soon half full of people.
Madame finally reappeared and led
me into her "symposium." While I
was looking at the beautifully enamel
| ed watch pinned to her ample bosom,
| with a diamond crescent, she asked me
i what I wished — a love charm or my
i horoscope cast?
"Madame," I ventured, "you have
been recommended to me as the best
seeress In the city and I want to get
| from you a love charm."
"I don't have to advertise myself."
she answered, primming herself. "I
I am the only seeress in San Francisco
who 1b not a fraud. I am overrun with
business. You want a love charm, do
you? What would you be willing to
pay?" "A dollar," I ventured, just to
see what madame would answer.
""Why, a young lady of your appear-
I ance certainly would not invest in so
j cheap a charm. I sell that kind to
! shop girls and you know I have them
as high as $200. made of precious stones.
I rubles and sapphires. I sell a great
many of that kind."
"What can you give me for $50?" I
; asked. "I want something compounded
i and made by your hands."
Madame smoothed her brow, eyed me
j discriminatingly, and ran her fingers
! through her hair for a moment before
answering. "You bring to me a lock
of your sweetheart's hair cut along the
j chord just back of the left ear. This
j chord connects directly with the heart.
I will sew this lock of hair into a piece
I of clothing that has touched the sole
; of your own foot— better, a stacking.
: This charm yon must wear next the
1 skin on the left hand side, between the
' third and fourth ribs.
"You can have that charm for $15
It's cheap. Shall I take your order?"
and she drew out an order book from
the folds of her wrapper and poised a
stubby pencil.
"I'll see first if my 'best youn* man*
will part with the lock of hair," I re
plied.
Madame arose, bowed me out cere
moniously, and ushered in a fluffy lit
tle blonde, all with one motion of her
fat, silk-encased body.
Next I visited an astrologer who tried
to sell me a love potion made out of
powdered herbs which he assured me
he had gathered from the four corners
of the earth and ground tosether in a
mortar made in India five hundred
years ago. This mortar had been hand
ed down from sire to eon and will thus
be preserved adown the agesIHt PROPER FAi_L OVtRCOAT.
Sunday Call
«r? <T7 :v> YOPav. Oct. ".—Two women
K^l were walking up Fifth avenue
V :he other day. and as they
J massed its most fashionable
,i Is square I heard one of them say:
"The Vanderbilts are back in
town again and I am so glad."
The
on intimate tern sh< ask< d.
The ■ -1. "N'.'. iii fact
I am . list, but I
am X lp< in.
inger set, you
- always very early tv put
Continuing:, the speaker said: "Furs are
becoming to every woman, [ think, and all
the fashionable world rejoices when it is
again time to don' them. I am sure a
woman never looks so well as when hud
dled up In a deep fur collar with her eyes
sparkling and her cheek;} red with the
winter's plow."
'"But about Mrs. Vanderbilt-Whitney."
persisted the questioner, "is it a fact that
she is so addicted to furs?"
"Yes." replied the first speaker, "she
is more so than any other woman in the
world. On her tour around the world she
gathered furs from every nation, for there
is not a country which has not its turs.
Even tne Chinese have a peculiar bird
breast which they make Into cape* and
furs "While Mrs. Whitney is no beauty,
you know, being fairly good looking, she
makes the most of herself by dressing be
comingly. i dan say were we to meet
her now' we would I nd her rirged out in
the very first fur cape of autumn."
Her words were prophetic, for a few
blocks further on turning into Delmon-
Ico'a came this self-same matron. She
wore a gown of rich plaid goods of many
Kay colors. Aruur.d her neck was hooked
a dark green collarette with edges of
grebe breasts. They were gray with a
touch of green along their edges. The
collar was ' particularly high, and was
lined with green satin. She wore a big
gray hat with bands of green velvet
around it, and on one Bide was a variety
of bird of paradise with long trailing
tail feathers. Two ostrich tips helped
out the plumage of .he bird of paradise.
Her muff was a new variety of muff.
It was made of green velvet edged with
very deep lace. In front was a small
but very pretty fox's head.
Women of fashion are quick to put on
winter garments. Summer clothes look
sadly faded in the Indian summer's sun.
and 'feminine eyes look for fresh, bright
goods. The chaJlies and the thin cot
ton stuffs of summer are thrown aside,
for it Is true that after the season is
over they are mere rags: and in their
place come the brilliant fall plaids.
A very pretty autumn toilet without a
particle of fur upon it had for Its most
distinguishing feature a muff of brown
velvet curiously laid in great loops. The
sides of the muff consisted of brocaded
velvet cut into points, and wired like a
6tar. The same velvet was employed at
the neck whore It was tied in a very large
bow with two brilliantly lined ends. The
hat was a turban of brown velvet and
on one side stood a handsome bird.
Birds and fur are used a great deal to
gether this fall: and it is astonishing to
note in how many ways they can be com
bined. Fur muffs with birds upon them,
collarettes fastened with bird's heads, and
fur toques trimmed with plumage are no
novelty.
White ermine will be fashionable, but
alas, it will also be expensive. There is
this year a pretty substitute for ermine
which will be considerably worn. It car.
best be explained by describing a short
pretty collar which was made Of this ma
terial. -
The collar which was deep enough to
be dignified by the name of cape was
made of white velvet slightly <>n the
cream tint, it was full around the shoul
ders and it had a rolling collar. Sewed
all over It wen small black tails, which
gave exactly t ;■ line. Th< s-
tails ar-- very cheap. They can be pur
•i for a dollar or two a dozen, and
I izen will very nicely d< cor
Th< Be must lie pressed
deeply Into the velvet bo as to look ex
actly like the Mack tails which dot a
piece Of > r'mine fur.
The white velvet muff to match this
. curious little animal upon the
front of it which looked quite like a lit
tle mink.
Another eai>e in this list of capes was
made of black velvet; it had two long
stole ends in from, each trimmed with
the head tend tall or a fox: A small fox
muff was carried
So while fur is coming in early and
with a decided rush, there are mouiuca
tfons of the material which tak< th« place
of the skins. Many women who
own a fur coat or a very expensive fur
cape are not inclined to put it on so early
in the season, and th< I "efore triad
to know of S'>me little SUI ■•: tne.
heavy coat and rich cape suitable to wear
during < (ctober and Ndv< mb r. Many
prefer to delay the fur season until the
holidays, and in most latitudes fui
only needed for warmth for th< very old
est rays of winter, although as trim
mings they are pretty all winter,
At ihe beginning of the season it is
hardl;. n expensiv
Last winter's hat. helped out with a new
will do very nicely until the winter
styles are declared.
An English sn - • of straw was
mad.- to look very wintry by being
the siib- with gray velvet. A ..ig
gray bird with •■ -.tilers was
fastened upon the fr i I
Even the saiior hat can tnke on a touch
if autumn; dye the hat a leaf green.
Mind the edge with purple velvet, place
a band of the same velvet around the
crown, and at rh< side drape an ostrich
feather secured with a rhinestone pin.
A sailor hat treated in this way had also
a bunch of purple loopfi and ends :■.
at the back.
Purple, gray, and green are the fall
standards, and of these three gray, can
';"■ specially mentioned. If purple is the
decided hue of spring, gray is the color
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER, 9, 1898.
NOVELTIES
In
Small Fur
And
VELVET CAPES
of fall. Gray is very serviceable in
many ways, not the least of which is
the facility with which it takes a dye
stuff later "in the season. The gray gown
r can become the dark green
of December.
ill,- sleevi s that are worn with these
capes are almost tight fitting at the
shoulder. They may have a very slight
puff uf a very small trimming, but the
cape so soon crushes the sleeves that a
dress which is intended for street wear
with a cape is purposely made narrow
at the shoulders.
Now is the time of year to wear a little
toque, if toques are becoming. Pretty
soon it will ).(• t.ii cold to expose the head
anil the picture hat of winter will bo in
style. In the summer the sun must be
kept from the face and in the spring the
big hat and veil arc fashionable; but just
at this time the toque is in demand, and
the woman who can wear one becomingly
can now put it on. secure in the thought
that she is fashionable.
Velvet rapes are cut short. In fact all
capes are shoulder capes; the long gur
ment that hides the figure is unpopular.
If a woman has any trimness at all she
is averse to hiding it beneath the long,
loose folds of the cape which covers tne
left belt line. A very fashionable length
Is just below the shoulders. The cape is
•li>-n stiffened so that it sets out. thus
avoiding the disfiguring shoulder sag.
These capes are lined with a brilliant col
or, for the lining shows at the shoulders.
LATEST
LINGERIE
Special to The Sunday Call from Paris.
THE ■ present fashion In petticoats
is that of deep flounces of em
broidery on cambric, nainsook or
muslin, with Valenciennes inser
tion and lace borders sewn on colored
taffetas skirts.
Corsets are made shorter, less curved,
-.-,- r. teas stiffened and lighter. Steel
-prliigs are no longer used, and stays are
usually composed of light materials.
Some corsets are made quite straight In
'rout go as not to press upon the stom
ach, and not to compress the figure so
lUCh at the waist.
style of petticoat is composed
This department is for the benefit if all those who art interested in t..e science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If an/ cne desires information on either of these subjects their questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you plear< and sign any
name that you choose. Address all communica:ions to Lme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francsico.
£ — ■ 3MEUK are few subjects that ho
strongly appeal to the feminine
mind as that of clothes. Next to
her complexion, there is probably
}}> nothing that causes a woman BO
much concern. From the dear
old lady, who lovingly pats and admires
the new lace cap. bedecked with gay rib
that bus just come home from the
milliner, down to the tot of six or seven
who stands before the mirror and adjusts
a bow or pleads tearfully for so many ruf
fles on her little frock as has Rosy, the
nexi dobr neighbor's little girl, on hers.
women sire wont to spend most of their
spare money on toilet accessories and
much of their leisure time on personal
adornment. And why not, when Sydney
Smith tells us that a girl's "whole pr.^
pects and happiness in life may often
d< pend upon a new gown or a becoming
bonnet"?
It is every woman's duty to dress as
well as she can, but she must take into
deration Severn 1 things. First, her
social station and the limits of her pocket
book— then her face, figure and coloring.
The greatest mistake that any woman
can make is to ad^pt a style because it
been generally adopted by other
women.
F.>r example, what is suitable to a per
son of tall, slender, graceful proportions
is almost certain to be fatal to the attrac
tiveness of a very stout woman, and vice
versa.
Do not plan your gown according to any
partly of linen and partly of taffetas.
The ground is of plain white taffetas,
trimmed around the bottom with two cut
up flounces of the same material. The
garment is completely applique to the fig
ure in the upper part, and set in at the
waist with a simple piping of white taf
fetas cut on the cross. The petticoat is
made to fit closely by pleats around the
hips. It increases in fullness half way
down, and exuands into the form of a
plumeau at the bottom. Over the taf
fetas is a half petticoat of white lawn,
which can be adjusted as desired, and can
be removed to be washed without un
picking the silk skirt. This half petti
coat is composed of a wide flounce scal
loped in the upper part and headed with
a gather of Valenciennes, beneath which
Is a broad Valenciennes insertion. In the
body of the flounce are inlaid other
bands of insertion crossing each other
and forming lozenges. In the center of
eacb lozenge is a small rose pattern in
laid in Vatenciennes. A band of the same
Insertion runs around the bottom be
tween the lawn and the lace flounces with
which the taffetas skirt is trimmed.
In a white petticoat, made by time,
Peeters, No. 14 Hue Halevy, the upper
part fits closely round the body, and be
gins to widen beneath the hips. The
lower part is trimmed with two wide
Souncn of English application lace laid
over flounces of plain taffetas and whit.'
mousseline de sole. The flounces art- of
equal width. each gathered and edged with
a ruche of white mousseline de soie. The
uppermost is headed with a similar
ruche.
Another petticoat from the same estab
lishment fits very tightly round the flg
ure and is set in a simple piping of silk.
The mat. rial Is of white ground silk bp>
caded with diagonal stripes composed of
garlands of Sowers. The petticoat la
trimmed with a wide flounce of frilled
mousseline de soie wider in front than
at the sid.-s and behind. Over this flouncu
falls another of the lace. In the center
the trilled flounce shows very plainly,
while at the sides and back it is entirely
covered by the lace.
Another is of pink shot taffetas, made
very tight round the body like the rest.
It Is trimmed round the bottom with four
Bounces cut on the cross, very narrow in
front and increasing in width in the sides
and back. The uppermost is set on over
a flounce of the taffetas and fixed to the
skirt with a small piping of pink taffetas.
Round the edge of each flounce is a roll
of the same material. The lowest Bounce
staits at the sides and runs down the
back only.
Dress Suitable to Beauty.
BY MME. HYGEIA.
set prevailing mode unless it is one that
haQpens to accord with your par.
md hair and form. In a general wai
all women know that there is a law 01
eternal lit ness In dress, as In all things.
but few hiivf the taste and fine discrim
ination to apply the law t<> themselvi
In short, stout women should never
wear heavy woolly materials, hr
broad stripes or large embrold •
particularly should she avoid the conspic
uous plaids which are to be so fashionable
the coming season. Sii" should wenr plain
clinging neutral tinted goods. If sh. 1
have figured material, then let her con
fine herself tr. the tiny checks, the hair
stripes, small polka dots or other incon
spicuous effects.
The tall, slender woman may, if she
wishes, wear the most splendid materials,
rich velvets, stately brocades, plaids and
large figured goods. These will soften
down her height and disguise her exces
sive slenderness.
The medium-sized woman has, of course,
the natural advantage over all others, as
she can follow with a degree of freedom,
the prevailing fashions, whatever they
may be.
Refinement is shown In ones dreßS, BO
whatever the effect may be, do not let
It be loud or conspicuous. The secret of
being well dressed is to have the colors
and outlines so blended that the gen
eral effect Will be pleasing, Without being
In any way noticeable. I-et people say of
you as Pr. Johnson said In speaking of
some one whom he had just met. "I run
sure sin was wei! dressed, for I do not
remember what she had on."
In the selection of colors one cannot p,n
far astray if one selects those which shade
onto the hair or eyes. A woman with
Five Striking Novelties an Autumn Capes.
Becoming Effects to a Girl of Good Face &md Figure,
burnished-copper - hair, such as Titian
loved to paint, looks in nothing better
than in a gown of the same coppery tints,
shading down to deeper tones. Red hair,
as.it is commonly called, has. until quite
recently, been in disrepute, save with the
artists. Blue, which has long: been sup
posed to be the one color that women
with auburn-tinted hair could wear to the
greatest advantage, la the one color that
should never approach it. The colors that
are best contrasted with red hair, par-
Ucuarly where it is accompanied by brown
eyes, are cream-white, black, blue-green,
olive-green and Srray-green, maroon,
stone-gray, amethyst, plum color, brown,
brownish purple and clear amber, which
is a most poetic color, also reds with an
amber glint In them.. The woman with
this coloring should avoid ordinary reds,
as she would an affectionate child that
has been diving into Jelly pots.
The blue-eyed women of this type
should seek particularly the greens, yel
lows and stone-grays, the creamy-whites
and black.
Borne women there are who have with
this shade of hair, eyes that are of a
preenish hue. A pale aquamarine creation
of silk and tulle relieved by ornaments of
dull piM is the combination par-eminence
for the woman of this type to array her
self in. With tresses of burnished gold,
be her eyes blue, green or brown, a
woman is Bure to look well in all Mack
of whatever fabric and if the material be
velvet or Mack lace, her toilet cannot
fall to he irresistibly "fetching." The
colors to be avoided are. blue of all shades,
pale green, briKht rose-pink, blue-white.
Bcarlet, lavender and blue-purple.
Next week 1 will Klve a few suffgrestions
as to the color scheme that should be ef
feeted by the possessors of black hair and
blonde.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
MISS LOI'IS H.— Very often when the
hair first begins to grow gray a tonic
will, by strengthening and invigorating
the hair bulbs, bring back the natural
tints. The claret tonic which you speak
of is very good for this purpose. The
proportions are: Sixty grams genuine
'claret and one gram sulphate of iron.
801 l for one minute. When cold bottle
and cork. Wash the hair with the tonic
twice a week, allowing it to dry on.
MAY J.— For the oily skin use this lo
tion: Alcohol, four ounces; ummonla, ou»
ounce; oil of lavender, one dram. Mix
by shaking in a six-ounce bottle. Add
one scani (not one
drop more* to two quarts of warm water
when the face is washed. It will soften
the water and wash away the oils which
come to the surface of the skin. Never
use so;ip upon your face when it has the
effect you describe. You can improve the
condition of your skin hut very tittle so
long as you have the chronic trouble you
speak of. Have your physician give you
something to remedy that condition. You
will undergo all sorts of complaints un
less you do. Bitter apple is used in com
bination with Jamaica rum as a hair
tonic.
M.— Try the treatment prescribed for a
couple of months before getting discour
aged. You cannot expect in a couple of
weeks to remedy a condition that has ex-
Isted for so long. In Sunday's paper of
September IS I gave a special talk on the
treatment of blackheads. I hope you
saw it. A little bit of finely powdered
borax put on a piece of linen and rubbed
lightly into the skin will often help
greatly.
EUGENE N.— There is nothing better to
cure sunburn than thick, sweet cream.
Bathe the face with it several times and
the color will soon die out and the Bore
ness disappear. Any good, pure cold
cream rubbed into the hands at nirht will
make them soft and white.
.MRS. X. — 1 consider the acid that you
used quite as dangerous us the one I sug
gested. However, as it did the work
without any bad results it is all right.
The hair that grew in the center of the
mole should have fallen with the scab.
As it did not there is nothing but the
electric needle that '11 remove it per
manently.
LITTLE LOLITA— Are you sure that
you got the proper ingredients for your
skin food, and that they were the very
best quality? Inestimable damage is done
to skins by using some of the cheap
creams that are bought in the shops. If
the food contained the ingredients called
fOT It could not have been that which
caused the peculiar eruption on your
face. If it continues I should cease using
it. as there must be something wrong
ab< u1 it. Ar-' you sure it was made in a
porcelain kettle, and not In a metal one?
It should whiten and clear the com
plexion.
OROCKA — T'nless your freckles are of
th.- "always-with-you" kind you will
probably find the following lotion effica
cious in removing them: Three grains
borax: five drama rosewater; five drams
orange flower water. Apply Immediately
after coming in out of the sun. Of course
the nail powder can be made at home.
but I think you will find it as wise to
purchase the prepared powder from
your druggist.
MARGERIE— I think what you need is
a good nourishing skin food. There is
none betttr than the orange flower skin
food, formula for which has been given
so many times In these columns. In caso
you have not seen it I will repeat it:
Spermaceti. M: ounce; white wax, *-,
ounce: sweet almond oil, 1 ounce; lanoline,
1 ounce; cocoanut oil.- 1 ounce; tincture
benzoin, 10 drops; orange flower water, 1
ounce. Melt the first iive ingredients in
a porcelain kettle. Take from the fire
and add the benzoin and the orange flow
t r water. Muffing it with an egg-beater
until cold. Rub this well into the skin
at night after washing the face in tepid
water and castile soap. The rough
patches that come out on your face are
probably caused by an inactive liver.
When they appear apply the following:
One-half dram hyphosulphite of soda to
one-half ounce of water. Allow it to dry
on.
J. C. B. — I do not know which formula
you mean when you say "cucumber
wash," as I nave given several. The
formula for cucumber milk is quite
elaborate. A very good wash can be
made by pressing the juice out of the
green cucumber and heating it until a
white scum rises to the top. Skim this
off and then strain. Dilute it about one
third with rosewater. A little alcohol
added to it will, preserve it. This is used
to whiten the skin.
2728
A MILITARY SKETCH.
From "Bdouard Detallle, Painter of Soldiers." in The Century for October.
The October number
of the Century opens
with a paper on
Edou ar .1 1 (etaille.
THE CENTURY.;
"Painter of Soldiers," written by Armanu
Dayot. and Illustrated by a number of
hitherto unpublished sketches by De
taille. Professor \\ illiam M. Sloane gives
i 'oil* cted Impressions of
Bismarck." Professor Sloane saw more
or less of Bismarck while a student of his
tory with Bancroft, when the latter was
United States Minister at Berlin. Profes
sor Dean C. Worcester of the University
of Michigan, who wrote in the September
Century of "The Malay Pirates of the
Philippines, " from personal exper
among them, fn this number discusses
"Knotty Problems of the Philippines."
Professor Worcester believes that the
United States should retain the Is
but he tells what, in his opinion, are the
reforms that will have to be Instituted.
Chester Bailey Fernald, author (l f "The
Cat and the Cherub." spins a naval yarn
Of the Spanish war in "The Yellow Bur
gee." Horatio L. Wait, formerly paymas
ter in ihe I'nited States Navy, writes of
"The Blockade of the Confederacy," giv
ing many stirring stories of adventures
riff the beleaguered ports. A second paper
Is printed presenting Impressions of "Life
and Society In Old Cuba." These papers
are from the 'Maries of Jonathan P. J> n
kins. an American miniature painter who
some time in Havana during the
middle of the century. — The Century Com
pany, Xew York.
• • •
The article in the Octo
rlbner's on the
"Hat tie of San Juan."
1 SCRIBNER'S.
■ Dy Kienara naming
Davis, is not only a vivid description of
that famous vietorv but a complft'' and
careful analysis or the conduct of the
whole Santiago campaign.
He points out with perfect clearness the
problems Involved, shows the lack of ade
quate preparation, and says that the final
success obtained was due solely to the
splendid and persistent valor of the
troops who fought under the most try-
Ing and discouraging conditions, com
bined with the destruction of Cervera's
fleet by the navy. Mr. Davis places the
FRATERNAL NEWS.
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
Applications have been made for the
institution of a chapter at Eureka. New,
and one at West Point, Calaveras Coun
ty.
Ivy Chapter will give -i grand enter
tainment in the main hall of Golden Gate
Asylum on Sutter street next Tuesday
evening.
Golden Gate Chapter initiate'! four can
didates last Thursday night.
The grand patron, who was In attend
ance on thf general grand chapter dur
ing Its session in Washington, D. C, has
returned to this city.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
All arrangements have been concluded
for the Grand Encampment of the I. O.
O. F.. which will hold Its session this
month In San Jose. The headquarters,
which were to have been at the Yen
dome, will, on account of the recent fire,
be transferred to the St. James.
Unity Lodge had a glorious entertain
ment last Tuesday night in its hall at the
Mission. There was a large attendance
and a line programme of music, song,
recitations and story-telling; alfo an ad
dress by Past Grand Master W. H.
Barnes.
A meeting will be held in Memorial
Hall. I. O. O. F. building, on the Mthinst.,
upon th<- Invitation ol California L
to take steps to have ? grand jubilee
celebration next year to commemorate
the iiftieth anniversary of the institution
of Odd Fellowship in this State. The com
mittee, which has extended an Invitation
to all branches of the order throughout
the State, is composed of H. S. Jones, W.
T. Galloway. J. G. Wetmore, R. Lander
man and C. E. Benedict.
THE REBEKATIS.
The entertainment and social given by
"Walhalla Rebekah Lodge on the night of
the :.st inst., a notice of which appeared
in the local columns on Monday last, was
a very enjoyable affair, and was one of a
series that will be given by the lodge
during the winter months.
The Japanese tea given by Oriental 'Re
bekah Lodge last Wednesday night was
under the direction of Mrs. Lena E. Jar
vis, the noble grand, and the. following
named committee on entertainment: Vice-
Grand May Morgan, Mrs. Pierce, Miss
Webb, Miss Ewing. Mrs. Plnkham and
Messrs. Lovely and Davis.
MANCHESTER UNITY.
Loyal Mission* Lodge, at its mooting on
the 27th of September, worked in the in
itiatory degree and received two propo
sitions. The degree team conferred the
white degree upon f-ipln candidates. La.st
Wednesday night the membership of the
lodge paid a fraternal visit to Golden Gate
Lodge, and a verj enjoyable time was
lad, as it was installation night.
At the meeting nf Loyal Mission Lodge,
•*rh!ch has been in existence not quite two
months, there were present a number of
visitors, who congratulated Noble Grand
Frederick L. Griffiths and the other offi
cers for the very porfrct manner in which
they conducted the ritualistic work.
The following named are the officers of
Golden Gate Lodge- Installed for the cur
rent quarter at the meeting h~l<l l*st
"Wednesday night: F. L. Schott, N. <;.;
A V. Calderon, V. <i.; F. L. Toperano;
~i\ I Wilson, permanent secretary; N". H
Danlies, W. : E. Lauf. T.
District Deputy J. T. Wil<l 1? obtaining
a number of signatures to a petition for a
lodge in tIK- Western Addition, which he
expects will be Instituted In a f w weeks.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
Thon- w;is a large attendance last Tues
day night in Laurel Hall, Shiels build-
Ing, at the entertainment and dancp given
by Unity Lodge to its friends. The pro
gramme given under the direction of the
officers of the lodge who were the com
mittee of arrangements, with Robert C.
K<sp as master of ceremonies, embraced
selections by Mr. Hilbert and Miss Jua
nita recitations by Frank J. Murasky and
MiBB Nelson, instrumental music by Miss
Davis and fancy dancing by .Mls>s Drey
fus' class There was a good programme
of dances, and refreshments were served.
The lecture on the late war with Spain
delivered last Tuesday night by W. v.
Jordan, P. S. M. W.. before Silver Spray
Lodge of the Degree of Honor. Illustrated
blame whore he believes it is due, and at
the same time gives all credit to the
men who did the real work. It is a delib
erate and conscientious history of the
campaign, and worthy of permanence as
a record The Illustrations are from
photographs and drawings of actual
scenes.
Captain Arthur H. Lee, of the Royal Ar
tillery, the British military attache, who
accompanied our troops to Cuba, writes
of "The Regulars at El Caney." This
article, coming from the representative
of a friendly nation and having the au
thority of a trained soldier, will have a
special interest and value for American
readers. It contains a careful account of
the management of the battle, the dis
• on of troops, etc., and at the same
time is full of color and moving descrip
tions of scenes and incidents observed 6y
the author, who was constantly at the
front in exposed positions. He pays am
ple tribute to the lighting qualities of
American soldiers.— Charles Soribner's
S'.ns. New York.
• *
William Archer, the em
inent English critic,
contributes a timely ar
to the October
PALL MALL.
number of the Pall Mall Magazine, in
which he discusses the Identity of Eng
lish and American literary expression.
Mr. Archer contends that the metaphor
which describes England as the "mother
country" of America is a misleading and
mischievous one, although Tennyson has
given it literary sanction in the line,
"Gigantic Daughter of the West." and
William Watson. In his sonnet beginning
■i i towering daughter, Titan of the
West." Both poets. In Mr. Archer's opin
ion. Ignore the filghi of time and mistake
a historical for an actual relation, '"hie
America of to-day Is not the daughter of
England of to-day. They are both
daughters and co-heii C the Kng
if the past, and especially, we may
say. of seventeenth century England. The
same spirit which refused snip money to
|< a I refused tea money to George
III; the same spirit which drew up the
petition of richt dictated the Declaration
of Independence. It was England's mis
conception of her true relation to her
and most interesting, was listened to by
a large audience, in which were the two
grand* recorders, Mr. and Mrs. F. S. Po
land and other grand officers. During
the intermission in the lecture Mrs. Wal
ter Mallov favored with a piano solo, Mrs.
George Hills sang "Just Before the Bat
tle, Mother," and Miss Sherstein gave an
Instrumental selection.
Stockton Lodge will celebrate its twen
tieth anniversary on the 25th inst., upon
which occasion Grand Master Workman
Bahrs and Grand Receiver Booth will be
present.
Excelsior Lodge gave an anniversary
entertainment on last Thursday evening.
Grand Master Workman Bahrs was the
orator of the occasion.
Crescent Lodge initiated several candi
dates at its last meeting, and is proving
itself a successful lodge. Deputy Grand
Master "Workman Danforth was present
and .jffored his encouragement.
The meeting of Santa Cruz Lodge last
Monday evening was one worthy . to be
remembered In the history of the lodge,
E. Danforth, D. G. M. W., being present.
Past Grand Master Workman Vinter
and Grand Receiver Booth will be pres
ent at an entertainment to be given by
Hills Kerry Lodge next Monday evening.
Thirteen applications were received
from Nevada City Lodge during the past
week, the result of Special Deputy Brew
er's work In that city.
Grass Valley Lodge sent an urgent re
quest for a special deputy for that place.
Colusa County has also made a request
for a special deputy. As there are indi
cations, of a boom for the order in So
noma County this fall, Special Deputy D.
L. Saundors has been sent to that local
ity.
, A new lodge was instituted by Special
j Deputy Sutton last Monday evening at
i Whlttier.
1 >eputy Grand Master Workman Dan
; forth Is making arrangements for a tour
! of the southern portion of the State, leav
ing this city somewhere about the 15th
inst.
BpeciaJ Deputy William A. Imes has
completed a class of fifty candidates In
bacramenio, which will be initiated into
the order on Monday.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
San Joaquin Parlor No. 5 of Stockton
will have the honor of receiving and enter
1 tainlng the delegates to the Grand Parlor,
which will meet in that city on the sec
ond Tuesday of June, 1899. The parlor,
; with a view to raise funds with which to
; carry out a programme of entertain
ment that has been outlined, has resolved
: to give a number of enjoyable entertain- I
ments, and the first of the series will be
, given about the first of next month
Amapt. la Parlor's reception of Grand j
President Mrs. Lena H. Mills will long be
remembered by all who were present as
; one of the rnopt pleasant events ever giv- I
;en by this progressive parlor. The guest i
of the evening was welcomed by President i
. MlssLura J. Frakes, who Is a member of
the (.rand Parlor, and there was a re
sponse by Mrs. Mills. Winnie Jones fa- i
vored with a vocal solo. Margaret Brady
gave a recitation. Ida U. Herman render
ed a vocal solo, "The Eschscholtzia."
Adelle Lnhgow Gladys tfouton, Margaret I
Brady, Ida B. Herman. Winnie Jones Blr- :
die I'aga.n and Lizzie U'oodworth engaged
I in a discussion on "Man," and the pro- i
. gramme closed with a vocal trio by Mar- '■
; garet Brady, Winnie Junes and Ida B. i
i Herman. This was followed by the serv- i
Ing wf refreshment*. The reception was a
very cordial one and the address of wel- !
! <x>me most happy, full of that good frater- !
nal fef-ling that has always characterized i
, the membership of Amapola Parlor. At i
I the close of the address the grand presi- ;
. dent was presented a large bunch of ;
I choice carnations.-
While in Sutter Creek the grand presl- ,
; dent was the guest of Grand TruHtee Miss '
j frakes On Tuesday, the 20th of Septem
; ber, Miss Frakes entertained a number
! of the prominent members of the local
I Parlor Grand President Mrs. Mills and i
j Mrs. rheron Lillie occupying seats of
honor at the head of the table.
I Miss May Randolph was the charming •
; hostess at a most delightful tea given at
i her residence on Broadway, Sutter Creek
in honor of the grand president and Mrs'
Theron Lillie of Lodi. During the evening
j there was a reception, so that all who i
wore invited might meet the distinguished
visitors. There were, among others: Mes
dames Virginia Brown, Tillle Colwell ;
Julia Trivett. Lizzie Rirstra, Anna Nixon i
Winnie Jones, Amy Tibbits, Sophia John- |
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBEE 9, 1898.
GOOD THINGS IN THE OCTOBER MAGAZINES
American colonies that finally alienated
them. She tried to be not only a mother
land but a stepmother land, and the Unit
ed State? nobly ami Inevitably broke her
leading strings. And now. after the lapse
of a century and a quarter, we have no
shadow of an excuse for putting on ma
ternal airs toward the transatlantic re
public. We. no less than the Americans.
are revolted children of the England of
North and Grenville, though our revolt
hns been a bloodless one. Surely, then,
our relation is fraternal, not paternal and
filial.— Pall Mall Magazine, New York.
The leading features of
the October Harper's
are "The Santiago Cam-
HARPERS.
I - paign, by Caspar
Whitney, illustrated from photograph? by
the author. James Burton, William 1 >in
widdle, and others; "On the Roof of the
World," by Sven Hedln. illustrated after
sketches and photographs made by the
author; "Social Life in the British Army."
second paper, by a Hritish officer, Illus
trated by R. Caton Woodville; "Our cu
ture Policy," by the Hon. J. G. Carlisle;
"Our Navy In Asiatic Waters," by Wil
liam Elliot Griffis, illustrated by C. D.
Weldon, Guy Rose. Harry Fenn. T. K.
Hanna Jr.. William Thome, Henry Mc-
Carter and Otto H. Bacher, and from
photographs and prints; "Mr. Gladstone.
Reminiscences, Anecdotes and an Esti
mate," third paper, by George W. Smal
"ey. Harper Brothers, New York.
The complete novel in
the Octol ci is^ue of
Llpplncott's is '"Con
fessions of an Aide-
UPPINCOTTS. ;
de-Camp." by Captain F. A. Mitchel. it
is a rattling tale of the Civil War. and
the heroine and hero (especially the hero
ine) pass througn some surprising adven
tures.
Other stories are "Tish's Triumph and
"Grandma's Diamonds." The latter is by
R. L.. Olbar.
Apropos of "War and Trade, Fred
Perry Powers maintains that the two are
closely related and interacting; thai ''the
more commerce is extended the more dan
ger there is of war." and that war. while
possibly necessary for the defense of com
merce, tends rather to promote than to
check it.
Lawrence Irwoll writes of "Declara
tions of War." LlZzie M. Hadley of "Ar
tillery. Ancient and modern," and George
J. Vamey of "Military Baboons.
"A Family History." pleasantly record
ed by Adeline Knapp, Is that of certain
( alifornia grosbeaks. Dr. Charles <_ . Ab
bott discourses, with his usual originality
and point "In Defense of Desolation.
"Oklahoma Claims" are described, vigor
ously and with humor, by Helen C. Can
dee "who knew the territory in Its early
days and gives instances of the value of
"hustling" and the inequalities of Justice
there.— The Llppincott Company, Phila
delphia.
• » «
Two of the contributed ar
ticles in the American
Monthly Review of He
views for October deal with
the serious lessons of our
recent war with Spain. Dr.
! REVIEW
OF
: REVIEWS.
Carroll Dunham presents a calm and ex
haustive survey of the nation's experience
of the past six months in its medical and
sanitary aspens. He shows where the
failures in army administration occurred
and what steps' should be taken to pre
vent the recurrence of such costly mis
takes Lieutenant John H. Parker, of the
Thirteenth Infantry, who commanded the
Gatling gun detachment at Santiago, ex
plalna from an officer's point of view the
nature cause and bearings of some of
the defects revealed in the course of that
campaign, and also summarizes the ad
. In our knowledge of the value of
machine guns in battle as compared with
heavy artillery.— Review of Reviews, New
York. ,
The Atlantic continues to
do yeoman service in
leading and pointing the
way to the handling 01
great national issues. In
ATLANTIC
MONTHLY.
the October number the Anglo-American
on is treated from the American
*ide by Hun. Car! Schurx, who opens the
number, and from the English standpoint
by Albert V Dicey, thp distinguished
lurlst who follows him. In spit* of es
sential differences of idea and treatment,
'both the distinguished authors substan-
ston Esther Karz. Sadie Tibbits, Tillie
Kerfoot, Frances Vicini, Nellie Jarvis and
M Surface and Misses Laura J. I- rakes,
grand trustee; Ida S. Herman Margaret
Brady Lillie Pharris, Lizzie Woodworth,
Margaret Payne. Clara Golds. Ruby John
ston Blanche Kerfoot and Georgie Styles.
It is stated that all the parlors of the
State have signified their intention to as
sist the Native Daughters 1 Home and so
encouraging are the offers of assistance
that the board feels that It can now go
ahead, and hopes to have the. home in
operation by the Ist of next January.
The first parlor thru contributed to me
fund for the home was Buena \ lsta Par
lor, which donated SSO two days before
Alta Parlor contributed Its *iw.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The executive council, nt its meeting
last week took up the work of organizers
and decided to ofFer them Inducements
for renewed enerpv.
The quarterly reports that have already
been received by Grand Secretary Cordy
show an Increase of 120 thus far and all
tl,p reports are not in yet.
Court Pine Grove was instituted in
Prescott, Ariz., with fifty-seven charter
members a few evenings Blnce by Past
chief Ranger Antone Orftla. J. D. Moore
1b tho chief ranger and Walter Reese the
financial secretary. It is expected ithat be
fore the close of the month three more
courts will be instituted in that district
Deputy Chamberlain on last Tuesdaj
Installed the officers of California Circle
for the current term.
Court America has made arrangements
to celebrate its anniversary by a ball at
the Potrero Opera House on the 22d inst.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
It is not often that, the large hall of
Excelsior Circle was as crowded as it
was on the night of the last Thursday
In September, the occasion being a water
melon contest. Of the many present there
were but five wijo assaulted the ripe, red
fruit, but owing to the neglect of the
committee to appoint judges there was no
official record and it was voted that as
an exhibition it was a success. Then
there was a programme that was made
up of a piano solo, Mr. Howell; address,
I W Conn; recitation. Alice Berg: vocal
ization, Mr. Williams. T. Sewa.ll. C. Le
loon, George Livingston and J. Simpton
and coon songs by the pride of Robin
Hood Circle Miss Alice Tlcoulet.
Last Monday night Excelsior Circle had
a trolley ride over the. electric lines of
the Market street system. One hundred
and live persons lilled one car and a
Last Wednesday night Inter Nos Circle
held Its quarterly meeting, and there was
present a larger number than there has
been for some time past. After the ini
tiation of a candidate and the disposition
of routine business there was an adjourn
ment, and Otto Loft took charge of the
circle room and opened up a programme
of entertainment that had for its special
features a monologue, W. A. Taisen;
piano duet, Misses Rothberg and Doher
ty; whistling solo, J. Taisen; recitations,
Mr Marsh, and vocal selections. Miss
Emma Leaderich and Miss Lizzie Don
aldson. Dancing and the serving of cof
fee and cakes followed.
On the night of the Ist inst. Pride of
Columbia Circle gave an enjoyable social
In the social hall of the Alcazar under
the direction of Miss M. L. Corkery. Miss
A. Tlerney. Mrs. D. Murray, J. Corrigan,
K. McCarthy and J. Reynolds. There was
a rood attendance and a select pro
gramme of dances.
AL UNION.
THE NATL
California Council at Its meeting last
Tuesday night initiated six candidates
and received several applications for
membership. A challenge was Bent to
Golden Gate Council for a contest in the
initiatory work, the event to take place
either on the third or fourth Tuesday of
this month, the losing team to pay for a
dinner for the members of both.
Resolutions of an appropriate charac
ter to the memory of the late C. D. Coffin,
who was killed by being run over by a
train on the Oakland mole, were adopted.
California Council will Join with Golden
Gate Council in a smoker to be given on
the night of the 29th of November.
LOTAL CIRCLETS OPEN MEETING.
The open meeting of Loyal Circle. Com
panions of the Forest, on last Monday
night was a great success as to numbers
In attendance and programme of enter
tainment. The committee, consisting of
Mesdames F. N. Morrow, who was mis
tially agree In desiring an international
friendship between the two countries, but
without any hamp< ring or entangling al
liance; in healing all present diffen nces,
and in arbitrating future ones; and they
look forward hopefully to the bei
that will consequently ensue, to the peace
and happiness of the whole world.
Another article of vital importance Is a
discussion by Horace N. Fisher of "Our
New Foreign Policy." in which he traces
the history of the past policies of our
own and European nations, showing how
each generation must act for itself In new
situations; and he graphically portrays
the duties and responsibilities which con
front us in the new realms so unexpect
edly thrupt into our hands.— Atlantic
Monthly, New V vk.
• •
For the story of the siege
of Santiago de Cuba, as
it affected the people di
rectly Involved, on either
i McCLURES
side, in their personal safety and com
fort and their daily lives, there is no
document yet published equal to the Oc
tober numliT of McClure's Magazine. Mr.
Stephen Bonsai, in an article entitled
"The Fight for Santiago." describes the
campaign as it affected the American
soldier, writing from his own observa
tion and experience; while for the expe
riences of the panic-stricken and half
starving people shut up in the city of
Santiago we have a very remarkable
diary kept by the British consul at San
tiago, who was all the time In the closest
relations with the Bpanißh authorities,
and was expending- as it later proved —
his very life in relieving the general suf
fering. Mr. Bonsai's article Is very fully
illustrated— partly from photographs
taken in the field by himse'f and partly
THE RESCUE OF KASSIM. -
From "On the Roof of the World," in Harper's for October.
from drawing's by W. J. Glackens, the
special artist for McClure's with the
army of invasion— The S. S. McClure Co.,
New York.
» • •
There is a
world of varie
ty in the Octo
ber Cosmopoli-
THE COSMOPOLITAN
tan. r!i<> leading m rt i<-N- is ;i graphic de
scription of the Omaha Exposition by
Octave Thanet. This is well illustrate].
tress >.f ceremonies; Senne, Prltchard,*
Tackley, Bostrom and Crowell. <
COMPANIONS OP THE FOREST. <
Lasi Tuesday night Golden Circle ad-*
mined ten members, and after the
of the work the Golden Club took charge <
and provided an evening of entertain-.
ment. Mrs. Sarah Beversen, S. G. C. C.Jt
delivered an address of congratulation
Then there were vocal selections by*
George Cheenev, Mrs. Wilkins, Mrs Zeia-<
ing. J. C. Mearns and Bessie Langdon'
fancy dance by Miss Mabel Knight, red-*
tation by May Kane and specialties by<
Mrs. Beversen. During the evening the
supreme grand chief companion was pre-<
sented a handsome Bofa pillow In recog-«
nitlon of the good work she has done for
the circle. <
Eureka Circle initiated several candi-,
dates last Thursday night. *
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS. (
High Chief Ranger Boehm was In the
City last Thursday, having returned from'
a trip in the northern part of the State. <
During the last week in September he, in<
company with Permanent Secretary Fal
coner, visited Court Tuolumne at Sonora,
where they met a delegation of members
of Courts Marble, Summer and Quartz
Mountain. They. In company with Dep
uty Armstrong, visited Court Summer at
Carter's and there met a delegation from
the court at Boulsbyville. While In that
place they instituted Tuolumne Circle of
the Companions of the Forest. At each
place the grand officers found evident <•
of prosperity, and at each place a special
programme was prepared in their behalf
and thej were *nn-*ts at banquets. •
Last week the high chief ranger paid
a visit to Court Marble at Columbia
delivered an address. The meeting was
follow.-d by a banquet. On the 10th Inst.
he will visit the court at San Andreas.
A new court is soon to be instituted
at Calaveras through the influence of
Court Calaveras.
IMPROVED ORDER OF RED MEN.
Osceola Tribe at a recent meeting
adopted twenty-four palefaces and eleven
applications presented were referred to
committees.
Bald Eaglp Tribe will give an entertain
ment in Union Square Hall on the 29th of
October.
J. M. Lackey is organizing a new tribe
at Crockett, Contra Costa County.
GOLDEN GATE COUNCIL O. OF P.
Last Monday night Golden Gate Council
of the Order of Pendo had a house warm-
Ing in the Foresters' building, in which
it has secured now quarters. There were
present hundreds of friends of the coun
cil, who were treated to an enjoyable
round of entertainment that wound up
with dancing and the serving of a tootto
some collation. It was under the direc
tion of W. T. Jones, Mrs. Sarah Massey,
Mrs. Mary Page and O. Monson.
THE JUNIOR ORDER.
There is a renewed interest In the mem
bership of Abraham Lincoln Council, as
is manifested at the meetings and in the
attracting of new blood to the council.
At the last meeting held two candidates
were Initiated, and during the past month
five delinquents were reinstated. This is
taken as proof of better times. The coun
cil was recently visited by National Rep
resentative l>pfi Bowley, who gave a very
Interesting account of "the proceedings of
the National Council. From his report
it appeared that there Is a marvelous
growth of the order In all parts of the
country.
The church committee of Abraham Lin
con Council is arranging to hold an
other patriotic service in one of the
churches, the recent one having proved
a grrat success.
ROYAL ARCANVM.
At the last held meeting of Argonaut
Council there were present a number of
Visitors, including a prominent member
of the order in Rhode Island, one' from
Xew Jersey, and Regent Hawk of Cali
fornia Council of Los Angeles. There was
also quite a delegation from Golden Gate
Council, with the regent and past re
gent. Ther? was an Initiation and the
reception of two applications. Each of
the prominent visitors addressed the
meeting.
Ihe membership In this State is fast
approaching the number that will entitle
the order to a Grand Council. Supreme
Warden Thomas A. Parish will in a short
time return to this State and resume
the work of organizing, and when he does
and is almost as good as a trip to the
white city. The reception to the victori
ous American fl< et on Its return to New
York is a most Interesting article and
appropriate to the time. The Illustra
tions that accompany this article are well
worth preserving, as they are the best
that were taken on the memorable day
that marked an epoch in American his
tory.—John Brlsben Walker, publisher.
Irvington, New York.
• » •
A writer in the Octo
ber Ladies' Homo
Journal shows how
easy it is to estab
lish and maintain
LADIES'
HOME JOURNAL.
public libraries even in the .small country
towns. Co-operation of effort under ca
pable, enthusiastic direction, it is pointed
out, will bring the sought-for results. Ihe
articli di I - with exact directness the
best way to proceed, even suggesting en
tertainments by which money can be
raised for the library fund. At a small
money cost, the writer makes it clear that
everj small town can enjoy the benefits
of a good library.— Ladies' Homo Journal,
Philadelphia.
• • •
It is well known that
America lias drawn
largely upon her men
of-letters In filling dip-
THE CRITIC.
lomatic posts of consequence, but most i>t
us \siil be surprised to learn from an artl
tcJe In the October Critic, to how great an
, ictem she has d »ne so. The list of
"American Author-Diplomat?" is indeed
a moat striking one, Including several
names of the greatest prominence in lit—
eratiire, if not in diplomacy. It begins
with Benjamin Franklin, equally *?reat in
each walk of life, and goes on with Wash-
Ingrton [rving— the first American author
to I ime known in Europe purely as a
of-letters — George Bancroft, J. L.
Motley, J. K. Lowell, J"hn Bigelow, Eu
WHY UNt KIULK WAb LA It.
From "The Pony Express," in The Century for October.
it is thought it will not bo long nerore
be will secure the number required.
Governor F. A. Briggs, whose death
was recently announced, was a member
of the order, (.'.-'.plain Clark of the Ore
gon la a member of Monument Council
of Charlestown, Mass. Fort Green Cr»un
(ll of Brooklyn, X. V.. furnished twen
ty-six officers during the late war, among
these being Hoar Admiral Miller and
Captain Glass of the Charleston. The
! 48.000 members in New York recently sent
a congratulatory telegram to Commander
Schley and received a happy response.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
On the evening of Friday. September 30,
the membership and friends of Pacific
Council spent a pleasant hour at a fare
well social tendered to Mrs. Louise E.
Clark. Instructor and past councilor, who,
after fourteen years of active work In the
council, is about to make her home in an
other part of the State. There were pres
ent several of the grand officers and vis
itors from other councils. The programme
was ii..no the less enjoyable because of its
being an impromptu one.
Grand Recorder Wallia recturned from
Lob Angeles last i riday. While there ho
instituted a new council with a good char
ter list.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba. Buena Lodge will have an inter
esting meeting on Monday night, having
fifteen candidates to initiate and seven
applications on the table. The revision
committee will present its report.
Liberty Lodge is making arrangements
to give an entertainment to its friends
a i. ■■■ members at an early date. Ben 1.
Salomon Is again at his post as reporter, ]
having recently returned from the East.
Grand Dictator Archibald initiated four
teen candidates for San Jose Lodge last
Tuesday, and there are still nine more to
be initiated.
Garden City Lod^e had five initiaiions I
last Thursday and has fifteen applications
that have been submitted to the supreme j
medical examiner.
Grand Guide Maryatt of Colorado is in
this city and last Monday visited Yerba
Buena Lodge. He gave an interesting
account of the order in that State arid
told of the work at the recent session of
the Grand Lodge.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
California Hive at Its last held meet
ing initiated one candidate and appointed
a committee to make arrangements for
a party to be given on a date to be an
nounced.
Mission Hive will meet to-morrow night
and make arrangements for the ball that
it proposes to give In one of the down
town halls.
Phebe Hearst Hive lias taken quarters
In the Foresters' building.
THE DHI'IDS.
Perseverence Grove will celebrate its
thirty-first anniversary by a grand invi
tation ball in Odd Fellows' Hall on the
loth inst. This, a French Grove with a
membership of more than 200, is one of
the most prosperous In the jurisdiction.
All the grand officers have been invited.
San Francisco Grove has elected the fol
lowing named as olflcers for the ensuing
term: John Drusedom. P. A.; Charles
Burmelster. N. A.; Wilhelm Dirks, V A ;
Charles Lester, T. ; Ernst Mehler, S. ; T.
Baehman. C; Conrad Berghofer, I. G. ;
Jacob Wisman, O. G. ; John Drusedom
trustee for eighteen months.
Last Tuesday Aurora Grove initiated
THE FIGHT AT THE KETTLES.
From "The Battle of San Juan," in Scribner's for October.
gene Schuyler, Dr. Andrew D. White.
Bayard Taylor, George H. Boker, General
Lew Wallace, W. W. Astor. Whitelaw
Keid and Colonel John Hay— the only one
of the number to become the head of the
State Department. Even In the Consular
service the same tendency of our Govern
ment to honor letters has been strikingly
manifested, the list of Consuls including
the names of Nathaniel Hawthorne. John
Howard Payne, Donald G. Mitchell <lk
Marvel). Bret Harte, W. D. Howells and
John James Piatt, and the list of Consul
Generals that of Charles de Kay.— The
Critic, New York.
* *
This month's Ainslee's
contains also "What One
Man Saw; being the Per
sonal Impressions of a
| AINSLEE'S.
War Correspondent." This is a unique as
well as a graphic narrative, and while in
no way plighting the main events of the
invasion of Santiago province, affords us
a detailed account of the numerous little
incidents and impressions which dime
within the ken of the writer and thus en
able him to make of the whole Glorious
affair not only a matter of history but a
wonderful series of experiences, which all
readers can behold and feel with almost
the same amount of realism as the au
thor.—Howard Alnslee & Co., New York.
The October number of
The Coming Light
reached out still fur
ther into the field that
it has made for Itself.
THE COMING I
LIGHT.
Th'.s magazine is humanitarian in its
aims and makes a point of handling all
social and scientific questions of th^ day.
The Coming Light Publishing Company,
San Francisco.
THE OPEN
COURT.
The October number of
thf> Open Court is one of
unusual attractiveness and
solidity. The bulk of the
contents is devoted to lessons in the his
tory of phIIORQ-vy and science, which are
I three candidates and elected its officers
; for the ensuing term.
The grand officers paid a visit to Oak
land Grove last week and were well re
ceived. Next Tuesday they will visit Per
severance Grove.
THE OHIO SOCIETY.
The Ohio Society of California will, on
; next Wednesday after the close of its
meeting-, en ertain its friends, and the
principal feature of the programme will
be an Illustrated lecture on "Our Late War
With Spain." which will be illustrated
I with a number of views thrown upon can
vas. The lec'ure is interesting and so
j are the pictures of scenes on the island
of Cuba. There will be other features to
add to the pleasure of the evening.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Grand Protector Mrs. L. J. Wheelock,
who went to Indianapolis to attend the
I session of the grand protectors and grand
secretaries on propagation of the order,
i writes that the body effected a great deal
i of good and that California will be the
gainer by the plans that were acted upon.
DAUGHTERS OF ST. GEORGE.
The entertainment that was recently
given by Britannia Lodge of the Daugh
ters of St. George in Union Square Hall
in aid of one of its members was one
I of the most successful affairs that was
ever given by the lodge. The hall was
crowded and the programme was a very
enjoyable one; the numbers by Mr. and
Mrs. George Austin being vociferously
applauded. They were musical treats.
The other numbers were also appreciated,
i as manifested by the generous applause.
I At the close of the programme refresh-
I ments were served and there was danc
' ing.
B'NE B-RITH.
The grand president, accompanied by
one of the general committee, will on the
16th inst. visit the lodge In Stockton.
Next Wednesday the several lodges of
the order in this Jurisdiction will cele
brate B'ne B'rith day by appropriate
services in the lodgerooms.
KNIGHTS OF THE GOLDEN EAGLE.
California Castle, at its meeting last
Wednesday, conferred the first degree on
four candidates in due form. On the
night of the 26th the castle will, under the
head of good of the order, have a jolly
good time, refreshments and a smoke.
THE ELKS.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the Protec
tive Benevolen'l Order of _3ka will have
"A Ladies' Night" in its elogant quarters.
Klks' Kail, Central block, corner of Sut
ter strtirt and Grant avenue, on the 28th
inst. The affair will be strictly invita
tional. __________
WEATHER LORE.
When the barometer is observed:
"Very high and rising fast
Steady rain and sure to last.
Steady high after low
Floods of rain or hail or snow.
Falling fast.
Fine at last.
Rapid fall after high.
Sun at last, and very dry."
An American opinion of London
weather:
"Dirty days hath September,
April, Junf and November,
From January up to May
popularly presented and adorned by Illus
trations. Accompanying the article on
the great French physicist, mathemati
cian and philosopher, Blaise Bascal, by
Professor Levy-Bruhl of Paris, for < x
ample, are four portraits of Pas
cal, never before published In this
country, while in the article on Pascal's
work in science, by T. J. McCormack,
occur explanatory cuts and diagrams
originally taken from works of the sev
enteenth century.— Open Court Publishing
Company, Chicago.
Outing for October is a sea
sonable, interesting and
finely illustrated number.
"Duck Shooting on the
I OUTING. :
Hudson," "The Yarn of the Varapa, A
Day with the Pronghorns," Walter
Camp's "Football Review," "Tmutlng
Over the Old Hockett Trail" and "Lawn
Tennis in Great Britain" are a few of the
good tilings among* the sporting features.
Two excellent stories, "Miss Carrington's
Professional." a tale of the golf links, and
"The Wedding Finger of Colly," ably fill
the fiction department. In th<- nul and
gun and the Kennel departments Ed VV.
Sandys continues a series of interesting
illustrated sketches of game birds and the
different breeds of dogs, while other well
known experts discuss various sporting
topics.— Outing, New York.
"The Chance of th«
Unknown Writer" is
discussed in The
Writer for October by
THE WRITER.
Ruth Hall, who relates personal experi
ences ami gives noteworthy facts that
have come under her observation. In an
editorial on the same subject, the editor
of The Writer shows conclusively that if
a "literary ring" really does exist, it doea
not give its members the advants
frequent publication, and that, instead of
its being difficult for a new writer to get
into the leading magazines, new writers
write the greater part of them.— The
Writer Publishing- Company, Boston.
The success of The New
Time is a sure indication
of the rapid growth of the
reform movement. The
■r number of this
THE NEW
TIME.
magazine is more than usually attractive.
Its earnest advocacy of direct legislation
by the people and us inu-.wgent cham
pionship of the public ©*merwrtip of rail—
roads and other monopolies has advanced
these reforms to a point where speedy
legislation seems certain. — The New Time
Publishing Company, Chicago.
'The rain it raineth every day.
>All the rest have thirty-one
Without a blessed gleam of sun;
'Ann if any of them had two-and-thirty
he just as wet and twice as dirty.'
—From a collection of Proverbs by Rich
* ard Inwards.
OCCULT POWERS
OF A MARABOUT
3 T~\ ERHAPS the best evidence of the
3 I J prevalence of the strange fatalism
) |^ and fanaticism that form so large
)X. a part of the Arab faith is to be
) found in the frequent use the Al
gerian makes of the rather overwork
ed expression "Mextoub!" "It was
written.'.' ' Near Bouguirat there lives
a celebrated marabout, Sidi ben Te
kouk by name, who is credited with an
inheritance from his father of strange
and supernaural powers.
From every quarter of the populous
Dahra region an almost continuous
caravan of people who desire to con
sult the holy man wends its way tow
ard his unpretentious abode.
These pilgrims to the shrine of oc
cult wisdom, by the way, are pretty
certain of being entertained by the holy
man in royal style. The heavy expen
ses consequent upon the giving of this
perpetual hospitable reception are de
frayed by the faithful whom Sidi ben
Tekouk holds under his spiritual sway
Even the European colonist must
seek his aid in discovering the authors
of the theft of a horse, a camel or a
part of his harvest.
The complainant is always dismissed
with the comforting words: "Go, my
friend; be merciful toward those who
have robbed you; close your eyes and
ears, and in three days' time you shall
find the animal before your door." And
so invariably, common report has it.
is the prediction fulfilled it is hardly to
be wondered at that the marabout is
credited with miraculous powers.
On a recent occasion several hay
ricks belonging to a rich planter -were
set on fire. The planter immediately
betook himself to the marabout and in
dicated to him the persons he suspect
ed. Sidi ben Tekouk sent for a half
dozen of the supposed culprits, and af
ter a short examination sent away all
but one. To him he depicted in. lively
colors all the joys of the Paradise
where Mohammed awaits the just, and
all the terrors of the accursed place
haunted by demons of fire, and then
called upon his trembling listener to
swear his innocence upon the tomb of
his (Ben Tekouk's) father. The native
although ha dead with fear, took the
required oath.
Then the marabout, laying aside the
exalted tone, said in paternal accents
"Go, my son; go freely, but remember
that he who has burned the property
of another shall himself perish by fire '•
Some days later this Arab, impelled
by an outraged conscience, put an end
to his life with a pistol. By a fatal
chance, his clothing caught fire and
when the body was found it was al
most unrecognizable. The Arih<*
shrugged their shoulders and said
"Mektoub!"-"It was written "
The man with such strange powers of
insight and foresight is about 40
years old tall and imposing in stature
An abundant silky beard lives to hu
face a patriarchal aspect. He is very
learned, having studied theology in a
special school at Damascus and tnv
eled much in the Orient. He speak ',
many languages and is considered a
royal good fellow by most European*
who meet him. Europeans
Some years ago, during a revolt of th« \
tribes along the Dahra s. Stn S
kouk, doubtless on account of h?s vt~
igious prestige, was suspected of IV
ing the secret chief of the a^it- o rs and"
was arrested by order of the Prefect of
wToYrS du?at io t tentlOn ' h^THE TRUTH ABOUT
THE NEW ALHAMBRA
PEREORMANCE AND POLICY.
"— > VERYBODY knows there Is
a something the matter with the
~ Alhambra, particularly the stock
j_J holders. Whether from bad loca-
tion, bad management, bad shows
r plain "hoodoo" the Alhambra does
succeed. Wild thousands do not
"rramble for seat space in front of its
attractions. The other night there were
perhaps 400 persons concealed about the
house, and Harry Jackson, the new
manager, toJd me that they represented
the banner audience of the week. Mr.
Jackson took the place in hand last
Monday. He is an old showman, but
his methods are new. He seems to make
a specialty of telling the truth no mat
ter how painful, and he avows no objec
tion to others who do likewise. "Roast
he said cheerfully, "burn us
Mack: write anything you believe. It
hurt this business, and it may let
a few people know that there Is such
a place as the Alhambra out at the
corner of Eddy and Jones.
k at these." he said, opening his
desk and holding up a file of bills and
another of letters and telegrams—
■that's the way my predecessor kept
ls. That's all the record I have of
the business and contracts of the house.
I haven't slept ten hours in as many
days for trying to find out just who
holds contracts to play here and what
lates art. Specialties have been
trustfully engaged to come some time
in October, December, the nineteenth
century. One week we may be without
a single new attraction, the next we
get enough to stuff ten theaters.
And four weeks' time for every turn!
And such turns as some of them are!"
Mr. Jackson wiped his brow and of
fered up the cigars.
"Of course I've kept the wires red en
gaging new people, the people I know,
■ Mat is only a detail. What keeDS
me from my dreams is breaking off
these old contracts. In a week I've be
come the greatest contract breaker on
earth. I've reduced it to an absolute
science. I telegraph first one "condi
then another, then another a lit
tle more impossible, then a corker, until
I get this sort of answer: Better ar
rangements or will cancel contract.'
Then 1 wire back 'cancellation accept
ed,' and wait for the next."
• • •
I left Mr. Jackson with his troubles
and went outside to look at the show.
ot the acts, especially the Four
Olifans, should never be exposed out
side a tent, but others were quite good
vaudeville, and I was impressed by
the number of "legitimate" turns on ',
the bill. There were Will S. Rising
and a company of two in condensed !
comic opera, George C. Boniface and i
Xonna Ferner in desiccated farce, and
Kubert Downing in tinned tragedy.
And the latter was an act worth any
body's twenty minutes. At the Or
pheum Downing would be the talk of
the town. I have always contended
that three hours of him are too much
for this world, but taken in lightning;
vaudeville he is an Invigorating shock.
And really it is better that Mr. Down-
Ing should be on rather than off the ;
stage. When off, you know, he con- |
ducts an academy where the young j
Thespian is taught how to strut, and he
has the reputation of being an in
fluential instructor. Imagine the re
sult were Robert Downing to repeat
himself broadcast throughout the land.
Imagine thousands of young Robert
Downings turned loose on the Ameri
can stage! The size of theaters, of ears
and eyes would needs be increased to
accommodate the new species of actor.
The fragile geniuses who now obtain
in favor would be unheard and unseen
in the survival of the fattest. Even
three hours of Mr. Downing were bet
ter than the Gatling fire of his acad
emy. And twenty minutes in the arena
scene of "The Gladiator" is well within
every one's capacity. It is a remark- I
able feat in stout passion and ferocity, j
Everything about Mr. Downing's art :
is stout. His gestures, his step, are
thick and fleshy; his voice, which :
seems to come from the lowest layer,
ta richly larded; and he plays con- j
Bistently in a corpulent key. You may i
have predilections for sinewy gladiat
ors, and at a firs: glance take this one
to be undertrained; but in twenty mm- '
utes Mr. Downing will convince you !
that his is the only kind. If there is
any man in the world who can make j
a go of vaudeville tragedy his name is
Downing. They were made for one
another.
• • »
The operetta act, based on Offen
bach's "Rose of Auvergne," is very
takingjn the trios, and while the comic
AMTJSEKENTS.
ALCAZAR 1 ™
. . .TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME. . .
4 'IN MIZZOUKA!"
TO-MORROW NIGHT,
FIRST TIME AT
POPULAR PRICES,
Belaeco and De Mlllea Exquisite Play
THE—
WIFE!—
Illustrated With
...A. GREAT CAST...
BEAUTIFUL SCENERY!
UNIQUE STAGE SETTINGS!
fc1 15c,25c,35c,50c.
ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
Seats by Phone— 254. /
..S c » t v b^T^% vld Belaaco's Beautiful Play,
TiVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr«.KrnesUne Krclinß. Prop:-:eror and Manager.
TO-NIGHT— LAST TIME,
Balfe'i Favorite Ballad Opera,
THE BOHEMIAN GIRL
THE ALL STAR CAST.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
Opening of the COMIC OPERA SEASON
The new operatic rantasie,
THE CIRCUS QUEEN!
Mirth. Melody. Dance.
Popular price*,' 25c and 50c. .N. B.— A reserv 1
IMt for tbe matinee 2Co. Our telephone Buss ■,
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
acting is of the brickbat type there are
several instances of amusing "busi
ness" in it. The little piece given by
Mr. Boniface and Miss Ferner is named
"A Game of Lobby," and its question
able fun lies in an interchange of gar
ments by the female character and a
Senate page. This does not take place
in view of the audience — that would be
a physical impossibility, for the page,
whose clothes fit him like his skin, is
very slim and Miss Ferner quite other
wise. But there is a deal of brandished
lingerie and small talk about the moral
responsibilities of pins that is not Justi
fied by any particular humor in the
lines. Miss Ferner shouts her part in
the usual vaudevillese and Mr. Boni
face tries even though he does not
wholly succeed to impart character to
the Kentucky Senator.
• • •
Now these turns are not of a like
quality, but their general intention is
all right. They stand for the better
class of vaudeville work, the "legiti
mate" class that the vaudeville public
first pitied, then endured and now em
braces. More of the same sort, better
if possible and more novel, may change
the tune in the Alhambra box office.
Good San Francisco money has gone
into this enterprise. (And over J20.000,
I am told, has gone out of it through
silly management.) The directors are
local business men who deserve some
thing better than the fate of angels.
The first serious drawbacks were an
incompetent manager, no booking fa
cilities at all— and the Orpheum. The
Orpheum has John Morrisey and a
booking system by which performers
can be kept under practically the one
engagement for something like half a
year. This means the saving of thous
ands on transportation and makes pos
sible almost any number of changes
for each week's bill. The Alhambra
now haa a manager, but it needs a cir
cuit, without which it will merely be
working for railroad companies. Cir
cuits are not acquired in a day, and
although there is a strong rumor on the
New York Rialto to the effect that this
house will be included in the Klaw and
Erlanger combination, the Alhambra
needs in the meantime good
strong shows, with a special sensation
every few weeks, so that the public
will find out its name and address. Mr.
Jackson told me something besides the
hard-luck story. His agent at the late
scenes of slaughter has secured an
opera company composed entirely of
emancipated Cubans. It would be a
nice bit of reciprocity for these people
to come and free the Alhambra from
the "hoodoo."
ASHTON STEVENS.
Jhe TiVoli.
The comic season at the Tlvoll begins
to-morrow night with an operatic fantasle
in three acts, "The Circus Queen," ar
ranged from the French by George E.
Lask. with music by Lecocq, to which
have been added popular selections by
Sousa, Victor Herbert and others. The
AHTJSEMENTS.
jrfS^2sfc>v Sfin FranciscOj Cal., EBtab. 1 887
rk Is^^ A 1\ Sacramento, Cal., Estab. 1897
W' WL J\ fijvu \M Kansas City, Mo. y Estab. 1 897
WALTER ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, OCTOBER IOTM.
. . . More High-Class Attractions Secured by the Orpheum's Skilled Representatives . . .
THE LATEST EASTERN SENSATION
Us MARY NORMAN
In Her Delightful Drawing-Room Monologue and Society Caricatures.
HOWARDS PONIES
Greatest Comedy Act by Trained Animals In the World.
JOHNSON AND DEAN n ==,
r^S^TCAWfHORN AND FORRESTER
MULVEY AND INMAN LES FRERES CARPOS
Tin Dancing Hit of the Bttton. Norolty QymnMtt.
... LAST WEEK OF THE TWO GREAT HITS: ...
LEW HAWKINS R. J. DUSTAN a^ny
New Budget of War Talk. In Great New Act, "BELLA'S BABY."
THE BIOGFZAF*H New Series of Views.
MATINEE TO-DAY, Sunday, October 9th. PBrque^ilSr y en e2e 25 a c %l? tooi
BALDWIN I
1 THEATER.
TO-NIGHT— TIME,
I THE FRAWLEY CO, in " THE LAST WORD."
TO-MORROW
AND ALL THE WEEK.
4> Every Evening, Including Sunday,
I Elaborate ED JIAAfLEY
A Production « M » Jr%. » ■ (I, iB. t m
♦ By the CO/V\F*M)N>'.
Henry Arthur Jones' Great Drama,
I THE
I DANCING
\ GIRL.
\ \ BLANCHE BATES in th« Title Role.
«> An Adequato Cast! Special Scenery!
< > ■ Prices— r>Oc, 7Bc and $1. , •.
f Next Play— THE PRISONER OF ZEND A. I
♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦ <
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
story tells of a young circus queen who
marries a lawyer and Induces him to be
come a wild beast tamer. It is full of
comic opera color and complications. The
title part will be played by Miss Annie
Myers, a stranger to us, and said to be
a very dashing soubrette of Eastern rep
utation.
The Baldwin.
This week the Frawley company will
appear at the Baldwin in "The Dancing
Girl." one of the best and most popular
of Henry Arthur Jones' dramas. Miss
! COLUMBIA
THEATER. T
TO-NIGHT^LABT TIME, |
I NANCE O'NEIL in JJ _ LL ..-. . "CAMILLE." |
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, |
Last 7 Nights and Saturday Matinee. j>
NANCE I
O'NEIL
And the McKEE RANKIN CO., ■ %
! Presenting Paolo Glacometti'B Romantlo T
Historical Play, ; T
ELIZABETH,
QUEEN OF ENGLAND. |
' An Event! Great: Ca»t! -^ X
October . 17— MATHBWS AND ? BULGER, X |
Bates will play the title part, that of the |
young village girl, who meets with aj
Duke and becomes a questionable celeb
rity in London. Mr. Frawlev will he the
young Duke. It is perhaps the most diffi
cult part of his lite. Theodore ttobeits
will also have a trying role as the old
man. Frank Mathieu, well known locally
as the society amateur, wll make his pro
fessional debut in the part of John Cristi
son, and it is easy to promise that his
friends will comprise the bulk of the
audience on the opening night. Georgia
Welles. Lucille la Verne, Fanchon Camp
bell, Eleanor Carey, * Alfred Hickman.
John T. Burke, Sam Edwards, in fact all
the Frawley players, will be in the cast, i
which is quite a long one.
" The Columbia.
*
For the fourth and final week of her
engagement at the Columbia ; Nance
O'Neil will give "Elizabeth, Queen of
England," the play written in Italian for
Ristorl. It is historical to a certain ex
tent, and introduces many distinguished
persons of Elizabeth's reign. The victory j
of the Queen's navy over /the invincible '
armada of Spain, the royal recognition of j
■William Shakespeare by Elizabeth, the
signing of Mary Stuart's death warrant,
the attempted assassination of the Queen
by Margaret Lambrun and the attempted
killing of Robert of Essex are all brought
Into the play. Miss O'Neil, who will ap
pear for the first time as Queen Eliza
beth, could not have selected a more dif
ficult role.
Matthews and Bulger, who made a hit
AMUSEMENTS.
ALHAMBRA
A- 1^ CORNER EDDY AND JONES STS. . -A «
HARRY JACKSON ... Sole Manager
\A/E HAVE GOT THEM!
THE STARS OF VA UDE VIL.LE AND DRAMA!
WEEK BEGINNING MONDAY, OCTOBER 10th.
ROBER^DOWNING ingomar
The Golden West Trio
In "A PANIC IN CHINATOWN."
The Celebrated Comic Opera Star
WILL 8. RISING and Company
In the New Opera "\A/H"V?»»
MORELAND, THOMPSON AND ROBERTS
The Meteors of Vaudeville.
2'i-*' The Charming Cantatrlce,
MISS DAISY HAMLIN
GEO. C. BONIFACE and NONNA FERNER
In the Quarrel Scene From "THE SCHOOL FOR SCANDAL."
THE OITFaNsTi FORD & LEWIS
Change oLPjicesi^Si: & I||
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. chndr s en 3 io c .
MATINEE TO-DAY I %^SSS?,
- - —————— „ , , .
IQROSGG'SSRANBS
V altsr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manajieii
TO-DAY, MATINEE AND EVENING,
Last Two Performances of "THE RUN-
AWAY WIFE."
TO-MORROW (Monday) Night. Third Week of
JAMES M. BROPHY.
Magnificent Production of the Great English
Melodrama
"THE LIGHTS 0' LONDON!"
Wealth of New Scenes. Augmented Cast. Ex-
citing Plot.
I POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
| Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . ioc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
ASSOCIATION AUDITORIUM.
Y. M. C. A. Building, cor. Mason and Ellis sts.
NEXT SATURDAY AFTERNOON,
October 15, at S o'clock.
THE MINETTI QUINTET
TENTH ENSEMBLE CONCERT.
I Reserved Seats $1.00
! Admission 50 cents
Reserved Spats can be had at W. O. Bacon's
> Store, 18 Post St., 3 days before the ooncert.
at this same theater last year, follow in
"By the Sad Sea Waves."
The y\icazar.
The excellent production of "In Mlz
zoura" at the Alcazar gives way to-mor
row night to Belasco and De Mille's well
known sentimental drama, "The Wife,"
Ernest Hastings will play the husband
and Gretchen Lyons the wife. Frank
Denitrtorne will be the young lover, How
ard Scott the journalist villain and George
Osbourne the father. Gertrude Foster,
Juliet Crosby, Wallace Shaw and Francis
Yale are among the cast.
J"lorosco's.
George R. Sims' famous melodrama.
"The Lights o' London." will be revived
at Morosco's this week, Mr. Brophy play- j
inf; Harold (the good) and Landers Ste- :
yens Clifford (the bad) Aramtage. Fred :
Butler has the part of Seth Preene and ;
James Corrigan is cast for the squire.
Max yon Mitze-1 will have a chance for '
character work as the traveling show
man, and Julia another as his wife. '
Maude Miller plays the emotional role of I
Bessie, and Lorena Atwood, who has been :
doing good work lately, will have a some
what diffdfrent part as Hetty Preene.
fizvJ Gomedy Jheater.
At the New Comedy patriotic drama is
doing well. "The Signal of Liberty"
deals with incidents which occurred in
and around Havana prior to and during
COMEDY THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
SOUVENIRS TO ALL
25c TO ALL PARTS— GALLERY 15e
—TO-NIGHT—
AND DURING THE WEEK.
, SOUVENIR MATINEES \
WEDNESDAY, SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
' *: • ■ THE '
JOSSEY-MARVIN COMPANY
V- —IN THE—
SIGNAL "LIBERTY!
SECURE SEATS NOW, WHILE YOU CAN.
15, 25, 35 and 50 Cents.
Seats at Comedy Theater and 710 Market street.
Next Monday DAINTY CLARA THROPP
SUTRO_BATHS.
. SUNDAY. ; OCTOBER : 9, AT 2:30 P. M. , ; '
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES.
f, ; ; And Music by ; the GAULOIS. 7 BAND. . "
% I ADMISSION 100. CHILDREN { Be."^
' : " -• Open Pally from 7a.m.to 8 p. m. -V,
the war with Spain. The hero of the
play Is an officer of the ill-fated Maine.
The heroine is a Cuban girl; the comedy
element is furnished by two newspaper
correspondents. The play is enough of
a "thriller" to please those theater goers
who are fond of giving vent to their pa
triotism. The scenic .effects are good,
particularly at the ending of the first act,
where the Maine sails on with colors fly
ing and searchlight working, just in time
to rescue the American who is about to
be condemned to death. A matinee will
be given to-day, Wednesday and Satur
day. Souvenirs will be offered to the
ladles.
The /L'hambra.
The legitimate turns will be changed at
the Alhambra this week, Robert Down
ing giving a reduced version of "Ingomar."
and George C. Boniface and Nonna Fe-rner
doing a scene from Sheridan's "School for
Scandal." The novelty of the new bill is
Solaret, styled the Queen of Lights, who
is said to execute an illuminated dance in
a manner to rival La Loie herself. More
land, Thompson and Roberts come from
New York with singing specialties, and
Rising and his ompany will change their
opera 1 1 a.
jKe Orpheum.
Three new acts with a number of
changes by the holdovers is the announce
ment at the Orpheum for this week. Miss
Mary Norman makes her initial bow on
the Pacific Coast. She is styled a society
caricaturist. Howard's ponies, said to be
the best trained of the many animal acts
" AMUSEMENTS. ■._■■■ . :^- : -.-;;•• ; -
THE GREAT WALLACE CIRCUS!
MUSEUM, MENAGERIE AND ROYAL ROMAN HIPPODROME. . . -
SSo^. satdeday evening, October ism,
AT 1
CENTRAL PARK.
TWO PERFORMANCES DAILY THEREAFTER FOR ONE WEEK.
THE MIGHTIEST AND MOST MAGNIFICENT AMUSEMENT
INSTITUTION OF THIS CENTURYI
Three Rings, Half-Mile Race Track, 1000 Features, 100 Phenomenal Acts, 25 Clowns. 20 Hur-
ricane Races. 4 Trains, 1300 Employes, 6 Bands, 50 Cages, A Drove of Camels, 15 Open Den»,
A Herd of Elephants.
$4000 DAILY EXPENSES.
THE GREATEST PERFORMERS IN THE KNOWN WORLD are with • the Great Waliao*
Show* this Season, Including ■ - •■•
THE NINE NELSONS, $10,000 Challenge Act.
THE ANGELOS, Aerialists.
THE 7 STIRKS, Bicycle and Skating Experts.
THE 10 DELLAMEADS, Statuary Artists.
MLLE. NORDA FRENCH, Mysterious Globe. *
10 Principal Male and Female Equestrians. :
THE 3 PETITS, Aerial Bar Extraordinary.
LEON and Singing Mule, "Trilby."
THE SISTERS VORTEX, Triple Revolving Trapeze.
GRAND SPECTACULAR BALLET, 19 Coryphees, led by Premier Danseuses.
THE STREET PARADE,
The finest ever. put on any streets, will be made
SATURDAY, OCTOBER 15th,
Admission, 50 Cents; Children, 25 Cents.
Performances . Begin at 2 P. M. and 8 P. M. Doors Open One Hour Earlier. 
CHUTES MND ZOO!
EVERT AFTERNOON AND EVENING. "
SAN KEY BROS.,
AGNES CASTOR, Soprano; MARINO, Tsaye's
Pride, and a Great Bill in the
. ■.:••- FREE THEATER.
I ', See Six Baby Alligators in the Zoo.
iZajat SPECIAL-— THIS AFTERNOON!
Sfes^a First o* the Season. ■ '-
fSPECIAL-THIS AFTERNOON!
First of the Season.
Balloon Ascension and Parachute Drop
V#Jr By the Eminent Ac- iaut, -' •"
♦if C. W. VOSMER.
: 100, including; Zoo and Theater; Children, Be;
Sundays and Holidays. • 10c. . - - .v .-.; -...-.
OLYMPIA ; ttn «- [ ™™-<><
- The Great Eastern Star . :•.:"'.
IRENE FRANKLIN! IRENE FRANKLIN!
: ' And 10 all-star acts. . -, ,
ADMISSION FREE. MATINEE ' BUNDAT.
"ROSENTHAIT
THE ' RENOWNED I PIANIST,
i ;-*; -* ; COMING IN FEBRUARY. ,{
now doing vaudeville, and Johnaon and
Deane, colored entertainers, are also
new. Among the many holdovers are the
Dunstans, who will present a new piece
called, "Bella's Baby.
Jhe Oivjmpia.
The strong card at the Olympia Mu3lc
Hall is still Irene Franklin. She will have
new songs and impersonations. Miss Lot
tie Rogers, a New York soubrette, is also
new.
Jhe California.
The California Theater will be reopened
next Sunday evening with a farcical piece
called, "The Airship."
Ghutes and Zoo.
At the Chutes Free Theater next week,
from Pietro Marino of the flowing locks,
who charms with the violin, to the Sankey
brothers, pedestal contortionists, there
will be variety to suit ail tastes. Lillian
Stewart, a serio-comic well known in New
York, will make her first appearance in
this city, as will also King and Franks,
musical comedians, in a sketch, "me
Actor's Return."
JWO GYfl/^OS.
Jtastarvd's Play produced ir\ f\zvJ
York by J*lar\sfield arvd irv
Philadelphia b\j Daly #
At last America has seen Rostand**
poetic drama, "Cyrano de Bergerac, " «n
the stage. Richard Mansfield gave it a pro
duction at the Garrick Theater,
New York, last Monday night— a
production that, epart from the
acting, will long be recalled as a rec
ord of managerial magnificence. From
the artistic standpoint, both play and
playet have scored great success. It Is
too early In the day to estimate the pop
ular verdict. The first night audience
was cold during the opening scenes, seem
ing not to be in accord with the extremely
romantic atmosphere which Rostand has
given to his seventeenth century; but as
the play progressed its thrill was felt, the
house warmed and the calls and recalls at
the drop of the curtain were numerous.
Lyman B. Clover went from Chicago
to New York for the opening and tele
graphed to the Times-Herald some four
thousand words of review. As the fol
low will show, he thinks Mansfield's im
personation a better one than O'-ijfelms.
"The play is an Inspiration, and the
acting a revelation. Nothing could be
more fascinating than Dramatist Ros
tand's humor, sentiment and most extra
ordinary tour de force in the realm of
poetic Imagination, unless it is the ab
solutely unique brilliancy and illuminat
ing power or Mr. Mansfield's delineation
of the central character.
"A more splendid union of such poetic
fancy along entirely original lines as that
{supplied by Rostand, with creative abil
ity so inspiring as the genius flash of cre
ative art contributed by the great Amer
ican actor, cannot reasonably be hoped
for either at the present time or in the
future.
"In an artistic sense Mr. Mansfield has
improved upon the external appearance
and qualifications presented by M. Co
quelin. The latter gentleman played the
roll in a tone almost of comedy. Mr.
Mansfield makes Cyrano a chevalier and
fuardsman of seriously romantic thought,
ut with weapons of wit and satire
which are Incidental to the nersonage
and not his main characteristic. In har
mony with this conception he dresses
the part with such dignity that even the
exaggerated nose does not lend a sug
gestion of low comedy to the character.
"This is in accordance with the keynote
of poetic thought struck by Rostand and
preserved by him to the end. So true is
Mr. Mansfield's conception in this partic
ular that the nose, in place of continuing
a comic suggestion after the first act, is
either forgotten entirely or else is re
garded with a certain sense of dignified
pity.
"No doubt this great actor will soon
impress his interpretation of the charac
ter upon the public mind, and while
those who wish to laugh might prefer the
Coquelin manner. It is certain that stu
dents of literature and the higher drama
must thank him for the wiser course of
treating the Rostand play with that ab
solute respect without which the splendid
characteristics of this epoch-making
drama will be lost to sight."
Coincident with Mansfield's production
in New York, Ada Rehan and the Daly
company produced Mr. Daly's version of
"Cyrano" in Philadelphia. Miss Rehan
played Roxane and Charles Richmond
the title part. From the accounts re
ceived thi» production too is a success.
INQLESIDE COURSING PARK.
. . .TO-15.A.~5r. . .
A CHEAT EVENT f
"THEOPENSTAKE."
October 15 and 16 — A Non-Winners' Stak«.
October 22 and 23— An Open Stake.
October 29 and 30 — A Sapling and an Open
Stake.
Entrance fee to each stake will be $2 50.
To reach the Ingleside Coursing Park take a
Mission street car and it will land you at tha
gates.
ADMISSION, J5 CENTS. LADIES FREE.
BASEBALLI
RECREATION" PARK
SANTA CRCZ
SAN FRANCISCO.
TO-DAY AT 2:15 P. M»
WbbMf GaiLsl.sO rer Year
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Silver advanced.
Wheat about the same.
Barley weaker.
Oats quieter.
Torn and Rye dull.
Hay and Feedstuffs firm.
Some change in F
Beans and Seeds quiet.
Cheap Coffees active and rather firm.
b, Onions and V.-getables dull.
Butter steady. Eggs dragging.
■ nominal.
Gajne scarce an! hißh.
the market.
Wine Grapes continue to advance.
Dried Fruits show moru I
Provisions dull.
. g-ii ct( d. Hides quiet.
ntinue firm.
Slight advance in '<■
Seven failures last week.
Bank clearinsrs Increase again.
BANK CLEARINGS.
week were $i7.305.
1U against $15 985,076 for tnp same week last
year. This is the lirst gain for Beveral weeks.
THE WEEK'S FAILURES.
The Brr.dstreet Mercantile Agency reports i
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri- ,
tories for the week ending yesterdayi as com- :
pared with 12 for the previous week and 20 for
the corresponding week of 1897.
The failures for The past week are divided :
among the trades as follows: Milk dealer, 1;
groceries, 3: restaurant, 1; general store, 1;
■ 3, 1.
MINT TO RECEIVE BULLION.
The Superintendent of the Mint has boen or
dered to Keceive silver bullion tendered by any
of the local banks. Full instructions will be
forwarded by mail.
GOVERNMENT MONEY IN SAN FRAN
CIS
Julius Jacobs. Assistant Treasurer of the
I'nited States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand September 30, IS9S, as follows:
United States notes '■ $3,733 00
Treasury notes of ISM 21.539 00
National bank notes 2*5 00
Gold certificates 3i«4.240 00
Silver certificates M 1.'33. '33 00
Gold coin 12.261.959 92
Standard sliver dollars 20,952,«57 00
Subsidiary silver coin mi 43 o8
Minor coin • 20.900 57
To tal $35.547,701 17 j
Shl*nents of silver coin from the same office j
in the^month of September, 1898, were as fol- j
sHyer dollars 1219.500 00
Subsidiary silver li-2,255 Q>>
.; J41U85 00 !
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, Oct. 8, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka, 60: Fresno. 74; Los Angeles, 70; Red
Bluff, 70: San Luis Obispo, 70: San Diego. 6S;
Sacramento. -70; Independence. 70; Yuma, 92.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
CO; minimum, .'.} mean, 57.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL j
FORECAST.
: - storm off the California
which moved northward, h.is
.-' off Washingi
ng rapidly eastward. Tl
has fallen over the entire Pa - jeeept
rnJa c .as:. This ?t..rm will
line.
It it !!• ; !ikt-!y that rani will fall south o: S.in
; .is storm.
weather In tl -'rates is generally
Light rain fell during the day
mth a.-- San Luis Obisp
wrers In the Ban Joaquin \'ai:ey.
nade at >'an Francisco for thirty
midnight, I tet. 5, ISS<:
Norl rnla S wera in the north
port!' i : in south portion Sun
day; fresh west wind.
rnla— Cloudy Sunday, prob
aViy the mountain regions; fresh
Nevada— Showers in north portion; partly
in south ; lay.
I'teh— Showers Sunday.
Ariz Da — S
Pan Francisco and vicinity — Cloudy and some
what threatening, but probably without rain.
fresh west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals — Partly
wind west. 2"> miles; temperature. 49;
ir.axirr.um temperature. S7.
a. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— The stock market to
day continued !n the I. i professional
trading element. Transactions were of small
volume and not widely distributed. Such as
They were, they reflected a decidedly unsettled
and hesitating frame of mind on the part of
the t:\n<lers. The opening tendency was down
ward, affected by a break of a point in Brook
lyn Transit and continued pressure on North
ern Pacific. The foreign markets were uinft
k in France, tight
in Berlin and the public agitation In
Spain for payment of Interest on Government
bonds in pesetas instead of francs. This had
Fome influence on the opening here, although
Americana had been supported in London on
from New York. Strength in Tobacco,
which r • -se 2'-^ per cent, supplemented by pup
il Transit, People's Gas and
Manhattan and covering of shorts In Bazar,
cht-' i ivtui a rally In
Northern Pacific which drove the short!" to
md which wa.* accompanied by a rumor
' the interests dominat
ing n been adjusted. The pro
: nal traders then took the lon* side of the
market for a turn and there was a general
•-. The appearance of the
bank statement added to the bullish feeling, as
it was Cully .'is favorable as could be expected.
Although the reserve requirements had been
by reason of the larger de
: > in cash left the
surplus reserve $3,416,456 higher. The expansion
of l.ans, though less than 11.000,000. indicates
the turn in the tide of the money nmrket. and
is the first increase in that item since Sep
tember 2. The loan contraction from that date
up to last Saturday's return was $36,601,100.
Evin for last week it will he remembered the
gain in cash reserve was only accomplished by
a loar 500. This week the
etrenntht r.i- - eserve has not prevented
a.n extension of credit to the extent of 1807,807.
It is not Improbable that the nearly developed
investment in long sterling exchange for the
ending credits abroad figures in the
item. Expi tatlon* that the downward turn in
would come to an end this week in the
market were disappointing, though there
.my Indications of a returning confidence
in the underlying strength of those conditions
and the value of securities.
Most of the embarrassments -which have been
cited to explain the failure of prices to Hue
have been removed. Money in working stead
ily to an easier basis and the process of loan
contraction and consequent forced liquidation
of securities has come to an end. The Gov
ernment has collected practically all of the
$200,000,000 bonds subscriptions and has com
menced Its disbursement by the payment of
obligations on account of the war. Imports of
gold to the amount of less than J20.00Q.000 have
brought adequate relief and have ceased, while
the continued "cumulation of credits abroad
is evidently being left there as interest, as re
flected in the investment In "long sterling" in
the Increase. Apprehensions that the holding
back of winter wheat for higher prices would
result In decreased earnings for the railroads
as compared with last year's high level have
been dissipated by the large earnings shown in
the traffic statements of St. Paul, Northern
Pacific and other Important grain carrying
roads, showing the large growth In general
business In spite of the decreased grain move
ment. The large and persistent foreign da
mand for breadstuffs and the advancing prices
■with the markets free from large • speculative
manipulation give increasing ground for confi
dence in a profitable disposition of the coun
try's crop. But in spite of the numerous
favorable factors in the situation, prices of
stocks have failed to advance materially. One
reason has been the unsettling influence of the
violent fluctuations anil feverish activity in
the great Industrial specialties. Tobacco suf
fered from the completion of speculative liqui
dation, dropping to V." with a subsequent rally
of over 10 points. Sugar has been affected by
the opening of the war In the trade, and there
were breaks in other Industrials and as violent
advances at some points, notably Metropolitan
and Brooklyn Transit. The most potent in
fluen.ee in checking the advance in the market
was the weakness of Northern Pacific com
mon, which was ottered in enormous volume
and in spite of a large absorption sold off to
29%. The rumors of differences ■ between the
two largest interests In the property, if true.
would involve such grave consequences in the
whole railroad world, and especially among
ntinetal railroads, that the weakness of.
the stock had a strong sympathetic Influence
on the whole list.
The bond market has shown improvement
during the week, especially among ; the specu
lative bonds, \Vlscon6ln Central l.its advanc
ing an extreme six points.
tTnited States old 4s registered advanced %,
the 2s 14, the So 14 and the new 4s coupon H
per cent in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 113,000
■hares. Including: i Manhattan, 4795; Northern
Pacific. 28,600; Northern Pacific preferred, 3120-
Tobacco. 13.155: Sugar. 28,446. ___ _^
CLOSING STOCKS. ' ' ~~
Atchlßon 12Vi!St P & Om 75%
Do prefd ZV\ : Do prefd IST
Li & O. 24 ast pd..'404 ISt P M & M......ie&
Canada Pacific ... 81%! So Pacific 23
Canada Southern.. IVA So "Railway is*6
Central Ptvcifla .... 2iVi Do prefd ......... J3fc ,
Ches & Ohio 21 '4 Texas & Pacific .. 12%
Chi & Alton 153 lUnlpnI Unlpn Pacific .... 32%
| Chi B & Q 114% Do prefd 65%
I Chi & E 111 54% U P D & 0 24
Do prefd 105 Wabash 7"
C C C & St L.... 394 Do prefd 20%
Do prefd 84T» W&LE,4th ast pd 3%
I Del & Hudson ....103 Do prefd 19
i Del L & \V 145»4 Express Companies-
Den & Rio G 134 Adams Ex 110
Do prefd 54',; American Ex 130
Erie (new) 13 1 United States 40
Do Ist prefd 34% Wells Fargo 120
Ft Wayne 170 Miscellaneous
Gt Nor prefd 134 A Cotton Oil 35%
Hocking Valley .. 3% *■»-> prefd S6
Illinois Central ...HOW Amn Spirits im
Lake Erie & W 15 Do prefd ........ 33%
Do prefd 654 Am Tobacco 124»,;
Lake Shore 924 Do prefd IIS
Louis & Nash — 544 People's Gas ."....10414
Manhattan L 94 iCons Gas 16s'
Met St Ky 164 Com Cable C 0.... 165
Mich Central 1064 Col F & Iron 204
Minn & St L 26.* I Do |>refd SO
Do Ist prefd 89 Gen Elec (new)... >"»
Mo Pacific 32 Illinois Steel .... 704
M bile & Ohio .... 22 Laclede Gas 4SU
Mo X & T 10% Lead 32
Do prefd 324 Do prefd 109^
Chi Ind & L 8 Nat Lin Oil 2*6
Do prefd 294 Haw Com Co 324
X J Central 904 Pacific Mall 324
N V Central 115% Pullman Palace ..189
N V Chi & Ft L.. 12 Silver Certificates. 60
Do Ist pref.l .... 60 Standard R & T.. 6"i
Do M prefd 31 lSugar 113",,
Nor West 13 Do prefd 105%
No Amer Co 6 T C & Iron 26%
No Pacific 39% V S Leather 6>4
Do prefd 75 Do prefd 64%
Ontario & W .... !.v- IT s Rubber 39%
Or R & Nay 53 Do prefd 103
Or Short* Line .... 26 West Union 91';
Pitt?burg 169 C & N W 130
Reading 17% Do prefd 175
Do Ist prefd .... 414 St L & S W 4%
Rock Island 101 4 Do prefd 1!
St Louis & S F."...F .'"... 7% R G W ..} 27
Do Ist prefd 62% Do prefd 65
Do 2d prefd, 30 Brooklyn T 647*
St Paul 106% Chicago G W ••■• 1 *
Do prefd i:,4 Pac C Ist prefd 80
Intl Paper Co .... 54% Do 2d prefd 60
Do prefd 67 Minn Iron 964
CLOSING BONDS.
V S 3s 1054 N V C lsts 117%
U S new 4s reg.,.126% N J C 5s 114 :
Do coop 127% N Carolina 6s 122
U S 4s 110's Do 4s 103
Do coup 110% No Pac lsts 116%
Do 2nd* S9 N YC & St L 45. 104%
X' S 5s reg 1124 Nor ■& W 6s 123
Do 5s coup 1124 Northwestern C.142%
District 3 65s 117-. Do deb 5s 120 j
Ala class A 108 O Nay lsts 114 1
Do H 108 O Nay 4.= 99% \
Do Currency 106 O S Line 6s, 1 r.11.0.4
Atchison 49 93% O S Line is t T...107 j
Do adj. 45....... 71% •-' Imp lsts t r '
Can So. 2ds 108% Do 5s t r j
Can Pac Ists Pac 6s of 95 1024 [
C & NNT Chg-o T. 59% Heading 4s 82%
C .<- Ohio 58 116 RG W Ist? it
''.. > : 5- p 44817:104*4 St L&I M C 55.. 97%
D & R G lsts 110% St L & S F G SB.. 120
li iv k G is a? ISt P Con 153 ;
East Term lsts.. 106% St P C * P lsts..HS4
Erie Gen 4s 71 Do 5s 117> 3
F W&D ]?ts, t r.. 75% S Car non-fund
Gen Elec 5s 10S4 So li V 5s v7'->
G H & S A 65. ...104 Stan R & T 65.... 76
Do 2ds 105 Term new set 35.. 93*-;
H & T C 5s 1104 T P L G lsts 106%
Do con 6s 1104 Do reg 2ds 444 !
Iwa C lets 104% i Union P 4s 99".;
Kan P C I r |U P D & G lsts.. 7S l i
X P Ist D D tr Wan Ist 6s 1124
La new consls 4s. 105 I Do 2ds S9
I. & N Uni 45.... 90 W Shore 4s 1094
Missouri 65 100 :Va Centuries 78
M X & T 2ds 63 I Do deferred 6
Do 4S SS%iWls Cen IMS 60H
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 14|Ontar!o 3 60
Crown Point 12 Ophlr 55
Con Vi & Va 72 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 35 Quicksilver 1 25
Gould & .-.->-.... 19 Do preferred 350
Hale & Norcross.. '■••'' Sierra Nevada 75
Homestake 45 00 Standard 160
Iron Silver 6" Union Con 23
Mexican 13. Yellow Jacket 18
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money — Do preferred — 57
Call loans 2 •s:>vEd Elec Tel 190
Time loans 34Q44 Gen El pfd new.. 16S
Stocks— lAtch preferred 32%
A T & S F 12Vij Bonds—
Amer Sugar 113% ' Atchison 4? 93
Do preferred. 106 Mining Shares —
Bay State Gas.... 1% Allouez Mln C 0... 3%
Bell Telephone It Atlantic 254
Boston & Albany. 250 Boston & Mont... 145
Boston a; Maine.. 163 IButte & Boston... 31%
Boston L 70 Calumet & Hecla. SSO
Chi Bur & Q 111% ' Centennial IS4 I
Gen Electric new. sou Franklin 134
Illinois Steel 70 (Old Dominion 29%,
Mexican Central.. 4% Osceola 6S;»
Old Colony 192 Quincy 118
Rubber 39 Tamarack 178
Union Pacific 32H Wolverine 17%
West End 85 Parrott 23
Do preferred 106 Humboldt *H
Westinghouse E1.._33%
ASSOCIATED BANKS' STATEMENT.
NEW TORK. Oct. B.— The New York Finan
cier fays this week: The changes in the state
ment of the associated banks i>f New Tork for
the week ending October S can be traced almost
entirely to one or two banks. Of the expansion
of &5.G75.600 in deposits, the National <"ity ac
- for about $7.0©<>,000, which was brought
about apparently, by an increase of $4,000,000 in
the banks' specie account and a gain of $3,000,
000 in Its loan*. With these figures taken into
account, the week's changes, so far ai" the re
maining banks are concerned, are not so Im
portant. It If not to be forgotten, however,
that one less bank reports Its clearings this
week, the Tradesmen's having suspended. More
or less of the latter's business has gone into
other Institutions, but there is an elimination
of $3,000,000 in loans and $2,600,000 of deposits
that went to make up the totals last week.
Had these been added to the current statements
loans would have shown a much larger Increase
and deposits would have effected a correspond
ing gain, as would cash and other Items. With
these factb held In view the statement becomes
more favorable than otherwise, for new busi
ness by the other banks was counteracted by
the lo?s <r the Tradesmen's. Practically, of
course, the results are as stated In the totals.
but the inference nf better business, as shown
above, is correct in a limited measure. There
Is nothing In the statement that can be con
strued unfavorably. The cash reserve 1b larger
than for the corresponding periods one and
two years ago and Is Increasing steadily, both
from gold imports ami treasury disbursements.
The loss of $350,000 in legal shows the effect of
interior demands, the banks having shipped
more money than usual lately. Domestic ex
change at leading centers Is quoted lower and
the withdrawals may continue for some time.
Against such losses, however, is the gain from
the sources named Loan Increases, as already
shown, were lower than indicated. They re
flect a very satisfactory condition of business.
All fears of further complications In the money
market must be regarded as at an end. and
even with a continuing demand In the interior,
rates will probably ease off somewhat from
this time on.
Depository banks over the country owe the
treasury large amounts, but the net balances,
deducting the continued disbursements over re.
celpts by the Government, will be replaced to
some extent by new circulation.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. Oct. B.— The Evening Post's
London Financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were stagnant and featureless to
day. The settlement In min^s Is to begin on
Monday next, and the settlement In general
securities on Tuesday. Americans were dull
New York Is still buying gold at 77s HHd. The
London market discount rate is 2 13-16 per cent
on expectations of a rise in the German bank
rate on Monday.' It Is reported that the bank
of Austria is lending the bank of Germany
£2.00d.<»i0. but apparently the only founda
tion for the rumor is that there was a similar
operation about a year ago.
PARIS Oct. B.— Spanish fours closed at 42.3-i
LONDON. Oct. B.— Canadian Paciflc, S7-
Grand Trunk, 7Vi; Bar Silver, steady, 28 l-16d
per ounce; Money, H4<2?lH per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. .S.— FLOUR— Receipts, 24,
378 barrels; exports. 6818. Market ' dull but
steady.
WHEAT— Receipts, 259.000 bushels; exports,
25,057. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 73@73V4c f. o. b.
afloat. Options opened dull and easy under
short selling, absence of foreign Interest and
easier cables and later ralliM on a demand
from shorts and renewal of European buying,
closing %c higher to \r. lower; May, 65%<26S *c,
closed 68% c.
HOPS— Firm. .
WOOL— Dull; fleece, 17@23c; Texas. lS@lsc
METALS— It was a short day of small deal
ings In the market for metals. Buyers and
sellers were equally Indifferent and the situa
tion taken generally lacked radical change. The
Market Exchange issues no report Saturday.
The firm naming the settling price for leading
Western miners and smelters quotes lend at
..77... copper 12c and casting copper lie.
COFFEE — Options closed quiet, 5 points lower
to 6 points higher. Sales, 13.000 bags, Including
November, $1 40; December, $5 60. Spot coffee
Rio. quiet; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing.
C%c: mild, quiet; Cordova. B@l3c.
SUGAR— Raw, steady; fair refining, S H-I6c
bid; centrifugal, !>6 test. 4 3-16 c bid; refined,
steady; mold A, 5Uc; standard and confection
ers' A, i%c; cut loaf and crushed, o^c; granu
lated, Be; powdered and cube, 5V4c.
BUTTER— Receipts, 2600 packages. Steady;
"Western creamery. 15@21c; Elgins, 21c; factory'
li'Vvl'H 1---.1 --'-.
EGGS— Receipts, 3631 packages. Firm; West
ern. 171,4 c.
DRIED FRUIT.
XEW YORK, Oct. B.— California dried fruits
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. 6@Sc;
prime wire tray, BV4c; choice, 9c; fancy, 9V4c.
PRUNES— 4.WSV..C.
APRIOOTB— Royal. ll#13e: Moorpark 12W16c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 7f^9c; peeled. 12@15c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— Wheat showed weakness
Rt the opening. Liverpool failed to respond to
the strength shown by this market yesterday.
On the contrary it 6howed '/4@Vid decline at
the close and this small decline was reflected
by ■i'6<SP»c loss in the December price here,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1893.
I that option starting at 62%<gC2?*c. Light sell-
pressure from longs was sufficient to clip
another small fraction from the price a few
minutes after the opening, December selling
at 62%@62%c. This was in "put" prices and
some buying to protect those privileges gave
I a firmer tone to the market and resulted in a
I slow recovery to 63c. Most of the trading of
I the day was confined to the first hour. After
I that transactions were few and far between.
The recent internal revenue department rul
ing that scalpers and others must pay taxes
on all trade transfers appeared to paralyze
trading. The dullness that resulted had a
depressing effect on prices and during the last
hour December dragged around 62% c. The or
dinary news of the day did not receive much
attention. The close was at 62% c for Decem
ber, a loss of He
Corn was burdened by the war tax. The
day's fluctuations were confined to a narrow
jange. but the sentiment among traders rather
favored the selling side. The close was a
shade under yesterday.
Oats suffered with the same affliction as the
other grain.", experiencing hardly sufficient
trade to establish quotations. May lost hie.
Disturbing yellow fever news from the South,
In addition to the stamping out of the scalp
ing element by the Government tax depressed
provisions. Selling In a small way of Ribs
and Pork by packers caused some concession
in prices. The close was* s@loc under yester
day's close.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2— -V,
October 63V;
December 62*4 63 62% 62%
May 644' 64V; 64 644
Corn. No. —
October 29% 29% 29% 294 I
December 29% 2:' 1 * 29% 29% |
May 31% 31% 31% 31% :
Oats. No. 2—
December 21% 21% 21 ' i 21H
May 22% 22% 22% 22%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
December 7 75 7 75 7 65 7 70
January SSo 8 874 8 S2V6 880
l>ard. per 100 lbs—
December 4 70 4 70 4 70 4 70
January ...4 SO 4 SO 4 SO 4 80
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
October 5 20 5 20 5 30 5 20
January 4 634 4 624 460 4*624
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour steady: Minnesota hartl patents. $S 40<S>
S 60; soft patents, $3 30173 40; straits. $3<§'3 15;
bekers'. $2 25«f2 40; soft straits, $2 BOOS; soft
bakers', $2 10#S 25: No. I spring Wheat, S2\*'jt \
63c; No. 3 spring Wheat. 604?63c: No. 2 re.'l.
64c; No. 2 Corn. 29%ft294c: No. 2 Oats. 21%??
22c; No. 2 white. 244(fi254c; No. 3 white, ":V'-'i
244 c; No. 2 Rye, «c; No. 2 Barley. M©4sc;
NO. 1 Flaxseed. Me; Prime Timothy Seed,
$2 374: Mess Pork, per bbl. $7 70iS7 75; Lard,
per 100 lbs. $1 7604 774; Short Ribs Sides 1
(loose), %'■> 10<7J5 30; Dry Salted Shoulders
(boxed), 44<54%c; Short Clear Sides (boxed),
5.25@5.35c: Whisky, distillers' finrshed goods,
per gal. $1 26; Sugars, cut loaf, 5.77 c; granu
lated, ,1.39 c.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls J. 9.000 11.000
Wheat, bu '.. 194.000 57.000
Corn, bu (".59.000 461.000
Oat*, bu 152.000 626.000
Rye. bu 23,000 26.000
Barley, bu 105,000 59,000 i
On the Produce Exchange to-day the gutter
market was steady; creameries, M^IlSHc;
dairies. 12f?17c. Cheese steady at 7Vi£i9o.
Eggs firm; fresh, lie.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 397.600 88,400
l>uluth ; 428.277 406.217
Milwaukee 86.450 14.960 I
Chicago 194.250 57,887
Toledo 73.122 302.000
St. Louis 97,000 77,000
Detroit 24,986 39,015
Kansas City 149,000 127,500
Totals 1.450.585 1.092.478
Tidewater-
Boston 40,834
New York 259,000 25.0:,7
Philadelphia 84.691 642 t
Baltimore 124,985 64,000
New Orleans
Galveston 32.480
Totals 541.990 SV'29
LIVERPOOL FUTURE*!.
Wheat— Oct. Pec. Mar.
Opening 5 SVt 5 6Vi 6 6% !
Closing
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan. -Apr.
Opening 47 85 46 15
Closing j
Wheat-
Opening 2170 2165
Closing
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. B.— CATTLE— The Cattls
pens, as is usual on Saturday, were nearly all
empty and the market was in consequence
! practically a nominal one. The few offerings
on hand were disposed of slowly at unchanged
I prices. More moderate offerings are expected
I next week than of late on account of the de
cline in prices.
HOGS — Sold at an extreme range of $3 40®
3 85 for common to fancy lots, the bulk of Tie
offerings crossing the scales :W $3 50<g3 7.'.;
stags. $2 25<g3 25 and boars at $1 .1002 50: light
weight pigs, $3 10<S3 30; heavy pigs, $3 40-£3 70.
SHEEP — Lambs, $4 25@4 50 for common, up
to $6(J5 20 for choice to prim", and yearlings
Bold as high as $4 70: Sheep. 13*93 50 for com
mon up to 14 40@4 50 for choice flocks. West
erns selling on a baste of $3 f.O'j'4 45.
Receipts— Cattle, 300; Hog». 14,000; Sheep,
£500.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Oct. CATTLE— Receipts. 2200.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4 30<g5 30;
Western steers. $3 7594 40: cows and heifers,
fSOI 85; stockers and feeders, $3 60*54 60.
HOGS— Receipts, 7000. Market stronger;
heavy, $3 55® 3 00; mixed, J3 57&@3 60; bulk of
sales. $3 r.THiQ'3 10.
SHEEP— Receipts. 2700. Market strong: na
tive muttons. S3 75<5if4 40; Westerns, $3 60@4 20;
Btockers, $3 50<§4; lambs, 14@6 40.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. B.— CATTLE— Receipts,
60. Market unchanged.
HOGS— Receipts. 4500. Market strong to 5c
higher; bulk of sales. $3 53@3 65: heavies. $3 55-9
3 70; packers. $3 r.O-§'3 65; mixed, $3 45@3 63;
light. 13 50<ff3 60; pigs, J3 .Wfj.l 66.
SHEEP— Receipts, r>oo. Market firm; iambs,
$4 2535 40; muttons. $3 3(Xff4 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. B.— CATTLE— Receipts, 800.
Market steady; beef steers, $3 15@4 50: cows.
$2 6003 SO; feeders, freight paid to river. $3 75$
4 20; stackers do, $3 8004 35; bulls, stags, etc.,
$2!ij3 ' ./--■■
Receipt*. 200. Market steady: light
packers, $3 6(Kg3 65; mixed, $3 SC<§;3 60; heavy,
$3 4003 55.
SHEEP— Receipts. 1000. Market firm; good
fat muttons, $3® 4 25; lambs, *4 50@5 25.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. B.— Consols, 109%; sliver,
» l-16d; French rentes. 102f 22^c.
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, quiet and steady;
cargoes No. 1 standard California, 29s 6d; car
goes Walla Walla. 27s 9d.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. B.— Wheat, steady; wheat
in Paris, steady. -?-•'•
COTTON— Upland*. 3 3-32 d.
N CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot steady; No. 2 red Western
winter, 5s lOd; No. 1 red Northern spring, 6s
%d.
CORN— Spot firm, American mixed, 3s 4^d;
futures steady. October, 3s 4%d; November, 3s
6d: December, 3s 6d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, Bs.
HOPS— At London Pacific Coast firm, £5 ss.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
OREGON.
PORTLAND, Oct. 8. — WHEAT — Steady;
Walla Walla, 67@58c; valley and blueatem, 60®
Cleared— ship Blenbreck for Queens
town with 110,700 bushels of wheat.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. WHEAT— ESc; blue
stem, 61c. Receipts for the week, 462,000 bush
els.
Sailed — Steamer Curacoa for San Francisco
with 331 tons wheat, 648 tons barley and 186
tons oats. •';',".■?-
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. Oct. The imports of specie
for the week at this port amounted to $3,360,445
In gold and $61,212 In silver, v -
The exports— Silver. $591,740; gold, $91,300.
The Imports of dry goods and general mer
chandise for the week were valued at $6,730,834.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, < Oct. B.— Exchanges, $274,502;
balances. $39.063. -^
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 S3
Sterling Exchange, -"?ht — 4 ST.
Sterling Cable* — 4 S.-'i
New York Exchange, sight — • 17^4
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce .'. — 60%
Mexican Dollars 47V4 il%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The week closed quietly at about
the same prices.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 16 ! ,;iai 18} i; milling.
$1 20<gl 23V
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:15 o'clock — December —
12,000 ctls, $1 17%; 12,000. $1 17%,.
Second Session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 17U ■
12.000, $1 17%.
Regular Morning Session — December— 14,000
ctls. $1 17%.
BARLEY— Spot prices were a fraction lower
and speculation on call was at a standstill.
Trade was dull all around.
Feed, $1 18%@1 21»4; Brewing. $1 25 for No. 2.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal' session— 9:ls 'o'clock— No sales.
■ Second ■ Session — sales.
Regular Morning Session — December CooO ctls,
$121^. ■■.-■"•• ■ ■ .::■. :.■.;-•;■■- ■-■ ■;■ . .
■ PATS— The , market was -- much, quieter,:; aa
upii.il on Saturday. No change in prices.
Fancy Feed, $1 2"H@l 30 per ctl; good to
Choice,. $1 200] 25; common, $1 15@1 17ty: Sur
prise, $130®f»U; Gray. $1 17HSJ1 20; milling,
$1 20@l 25 per ctl; Red, $1 35@1 45; Black, $1504*
1 70.
CORN— There was nothing- new yesterday.
Business was quiet.
Small round yellow. $1 20; Eastern Large yel
low, J107M.I&110; white, $1 Wai 12V*; mixed,
$1 02HS1 05 per ctl; California White, HUM
115.
RYE— sl 17%©! 22's per ctl.
m<'K WHEAT— Eastern Is quoted at |1 75
per ell.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The millers report a steady market at about
the same prices, though quotations for bakers'
extras show some revision.
FLOI T R— Family extras, *4 lofgH 25; bakers
extras. J4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as follows,
usual discount to the trade: Graham Flour.
$3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100; Rice
Flour, }7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream Corn
meal, J3 25; Oatmeal, J4 25; Oat Groats. U 50;
Hominy. $S 25-^3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4®4 25;
Cracked Wheat. $3 76: Farina. $4 50: Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 50: Rolled Oats (barrels). $5 85
©6 25; in backs, $o Bi!iJ6 05; Pearl Barley. $-:
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Hay, Bran and Middlings are all flnn and un
changed.
BRAN— SI 3 50(5)1.-. per ton.
MIDDLINGS— fIB®2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $2fl P" inn '-
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31«31 50; Jobbing.
$32'S. i ? 2 50: Cocoanut <"ake $24'S < 25; Cottonseed
Meal, |28@30 per ton; Coramcai. $23 50@24 50;
Cracked Corn, $2JW25.
CALIFORNIA HAY — Y'hent. $17«f19 50 for
?;ood to choice and $16^16 ' for lower grndes: no
ancy coming In; Wheat anrttOat. $UfilS: Oat
$Hffl6 50; Island Barley. $12 50^14 : Alfalfa. $11
fil2: Sto'-k. «11!5j12 5»: Clover, nomln.-.1.
OI'TSIHE ITAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Alfalfa, $l0?f10 50 per ton.
STRAW— 4O<^7Oc per fcale.
BEANS AND SEEDS
Bean? are dull and unchanged. Seeds are
very quiet. Dried Peas are weak at th« recent
decline.
BEANS— Bayos, $1850195; Small Whites. »2$
2 15; Large Whites, -$1 50@l 70: Pinks, $2 35®
2 40; Reds. $3; Blackeye, $3 25©3 50: Butters,
nominal: Limas, $32&9535; Pea. $1 85@2; Red
Kidneys. $2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $4 50#4 75 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4<g)4 25; Flax, none here: Ca
nary Seed. 2V t <ii2%c. per lb; Alfalfa, 6^r«Vic;
Rape. 2'4Sj3%c; Hemp, 2%<?3c: Timothy. 5®34c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 35@1 50; Green, $1 50
©1 75 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Onions are weak at the low , prices. Vege
tables are in free supply and dull.
POTATOES— 3S!g-40c for Early Rose and 40<3i
.".c tor River Burbanksr Salinas Burbanks. 75e
■■ "< 15; Oregon. 75c@$l; Sweet Potatoes. %@lc
per ib for nearby and IV*@lHc for Merced.
ONIONS— (o®soc per ctl lor yellow; Pickle
Onions. 50<7?$5c per ctl.
VEGETABLES — Green Peas. 3c: String
Beans, lHsi24c; Lima Beans. 75c(fJ$l per sack;
Bay Squash. 20iii35c; Green Peppers, 40!f150c for
Chill and 50(ff60c for Bell; Cabbage. DOc: Car
rots. 30if?5Oc per sack: Bay Cucumbers, 50!^G0c;
River Tomatoes. 40W50c; Bay Tomatoes, snw6S>:
Green Corn, SOcfffJl per crate; Garlic, 3c per lb;
Green Okra, 50«t65c; Dried Okjra, 10c per lb;
Egg Plant, 25@40c per box; Marrowfat Squash.
$S<7UO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs: sliced.
desiccated. lt$18c; granulated, raw. 13c;
I Onions. 60c: Carrots, old. 13c; new. ISc; Cab
bage. 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c: Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes. 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
More Eastern Is expected to-morrow.
Receipts of Game are remarkably*, light, and
dealers are beginning to fear that they will
continue so all the season, as young birds seem
to be scarce. Prices keep high.
POULTRY— Live Turkey?, 15@17c for Gob
blers and 14@15c for Hens: Geese, per pair,
$1 25®1 50: Goslings. $1 2501 50; Ducks, $4<3i& for
Old and $4:5-6 for young; Hens. $4 BOOS 50; Roos
ters, young, $5@6: Roosters, old, $4 50;
Fryers. $404 50; Broilers. $3 5004 for large; $33
3 50 for small: Pigeons. $I@l 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50172 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail. $2f?2 50: Mallard, $607 GO; Sprig. $4(J?
6; Teal, $3<ii4 50: Widgeon, $2 50^3 50; Small
Duck, $2*3 3;~ English Snipe, $3<!f3 50; Jack Snipe,
$1 25(31 50: Gray Geese, »3©3 GO; Hare, $1; Rab
bits, $1 25®1 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BVTTER, CHKESE AND BOGS.
Dealers report a dragging Kgg mark.-t, though
there Is no decline. Butter and Cheese are
steady.
BUTTER— - '_
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 29@30c; sec
onds. 28c.
Da'lrv— Choice- to fancy, 25@26V40 : common
grades, 22V4@24e.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, 18@20c; pickled roll,
20<ff21c; creamery tub, ?l@22Hc.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, l«@l6Hc par
lb: Elgin. a@22V4c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10<7?lle: old. 8%<9
PV4c; Cream Cheddar, 10®llo; Young America,
lOHtfUHc: Eastern, 12013 -
EGGS— Ranch Eggs. , 32 l /4@35c per dozen; store
Ekes. 1.8®23c: Eastern, lS@lßc for ordinary and
22(ff23e for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Wine Grapes continue to advance and at the
close |18 was nsked for this week's delivery.
The crop Is turning out shorter than expected
and the rains have also done some damage.
Testerday* a receipts i-lpaned up quickly.
Other fruits remain about the same. The
market Is very dull. Cantaloupes are In ex
cessive supply and a good many remained un
sold at the close. Oranges are almost closed
out.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries. $1 75@4 per chest for large and
$6<?TB for small.
Figs. 40075 c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes. 25(H.50c per crate; Nutmegs, 15®
35c per box: Watermelons, $lf-<TI7 per hun
dred for large and $S@l2 for small to medium.
Huckleberries. 7c per It).
Quinces. 60@76c.
Pomegranates, KO«?7Sc per small box.
Cranberries, $Si?f9 per barrel for Eastern and
$2 60©2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25@50c per box: Seedless,
60@75c: crates sell about 10c higher than boxes:
Isabellas. 60{iS5e per orate: Wine Grapes, (15©
17 per ton for Zlnfandel and $12@15 for common
kinds.
Blackberries. $3@4 50 per chest.
Plums. 35i?iJ75c-cer crate and box.
Peaches. 50@65c per box for good to choice
and Ss©4oc for common stock.
Raspberries, $6<g7 per chest.
Apples. 3.".<<J6oc for common, 75@90c per box
for No. 1 anil $1<5?1 25 for choice.
Winter Pears, 35@75c per box.
\ CITRUS FRUITS— $1 50@2 for Va
lencia*. $1 25@1 GO for St. Michaels. $1 25 for
Mediterranean Sweets and 75c@$l for Seedling^
Lemons, $1 oO@2 50 for common and $3@5 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $5@6; Califor
nia Limes, ; Bananas. $1 25@2 25 per bunch;
Pineapples, $3'<jl per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
The market seems to be working around Into
better shape, as the trade report more demand.
The New York Commercial, under date of Oc
tober 3. says:
"Additional Inquiry for California dried fruits
gives more life to the market. Raising are
wanted, but dealers are not disposed to place
orders which may not be confirmed, and bold
ers on the coast have ceased to make offer
ings until the association announces its policy
as reganls prices. It Is generally conceded
that an advance of V«e a pound will b-j made
all along the line, but no official confirmation
of this is possible. Consequently trade Is quiet,
virtually almost nothing, owing to the un
certainty which would eurround any deal made
now. Meanwhile demand for forward In
creases, and trade, following October IS, when
the official price announcement Is made, will
be brisk.
"Prunes are In considerable request. De
mand has been Increasing for several days,
and a brisk trade seems probable. The prin
cipal request Is for large sizes, which appear
to be practically unobtainable. Spot stocks
ar« held firm because of concentration and
new crop receipts are not especially heavy.
The quality of those received is apparently
satisfactory, except In the matter of sugar,
as has been pointed out before."
DRIED FRUIT— Prunes. G>4@7c for 40-50's.
5155'^c for 50-60" 4tt4'«c for 60-76' a, V>i :".'•■•■ for
70-So's. 2-\'s!?c for 80-90' s. 2Hf('2V.c for 90-100'
and i7t<ii2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes, s<jj7c;
"Peaches, 6@7^e lor good to choice, B@9c for
fancy and LO&Ufto for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12@12V4c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, ~ 7V(?'7 1 sun dried, i<H
4>*c: Black Figs, sacks, 2®2Uc: Plums. 4M>«
6c for pitted and Kgiyic for unpltti-d: Nec
tarines, 6®7e for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters rind S@3c for halves.
RAISINS— 2%c for two-crown, 4c for three
crown, 4*ic for four-crown, 4H'?i6c for Seedless
Sultanas, 3V»c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; drl*d Grapes. 2c. •
Walnuts, 6c for hard." 11. 7c for soft
(•hell: Almonds, Si? 6c for -hardshell. 13 C for
softshell, 13tf/14c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4$
5V.c for Eastern and 4>*c for California; Pe
cans, 6'£<frSc; Filberts, 9%igloc; Brazil Nuts.
S<B'9c per Tti; Cocoanuts, $4 BO^JS per hundred.
HONET— 10@llc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; -water white extracted,
6%@7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark,
6t7~sVic per tt>. - ...
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Jt).
PROVISIONS.
Dealers report the market very dull at the
old prices.
CURED ; MEATS— ' B@BHc per rt> for
heavy, S%i(f?>9c for light '■ medium, lO^c for light,
lie for extra light and 12H@130 for sugar' cured;
Eastern . sugar-cured Hams, IOV4c; California
Hams, SVic; Mess- Beef,' $10@10 60 per bbl; extra
Mesa Beef. $ll<gll 50: Family Beef, $12@12 50;
extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18@18 60;
mess, $15 50@16 ; Smoked - Beef, , ll@l2c per rb.
LARD — Eastern, tierces, ; quoted at lie per It)
for compound and 7%c for pure; palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces. 5c per Ib for compound and 6%c
for pure; half barrels, 7c;,10-rb tins,, 7\c; 5-tb
tins, ~" - ■ ' -;■■. ■ ■:--■ •■-■:: .■■ •.. :.:;•;.■ -v •■■■ .■
• COTTOLENE — Tierces. _sT*<??S',4e.;5 T *<??S',4e.; packages
less than 300: lt/s — palls, 60 In a ense, $%<;;
3-Tb : palls. 1 20 In a case, BHc;'s-Tb pails,* 12 In. a
case, S%c; 10-n> pails, a ia a case, $ :%c;: %c; 50-lt>
. •; .. .. . :V: .
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7ftc; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, SHe; fancy tubs. 80 Its net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7fcc per Ib.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions under this head remain the
same as previously quoted. Hops are firm.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light. 84c; Cow
hides, SH@9%c; Stags,' 6o; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12<gl3c ; " dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17c;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 154C25C each; short
wool, 30@40c each; medium, 60@80c; long wool,
Soc@sl 10 each; Horsehides, salt, $2 for
large and $101 60 for small; Colts, 50c; Horse
hides, dry, $160 for large and $1 for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3^(83^0 per ITS;
No. 2, 2V4@2%c: refined, 4Vi@4%c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain, 7'glOc;
free Northern, 9@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain,- 12 months', 9@llc; San Joaquln and
Southern, 7 months', S@loc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12<814o; Foothill and Northern,
defective, 10@l2c; Middle County, 13®16e; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14@>16c; Nevada. 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon. 10<a>12e; Valley Oregon, 15®17c.
HOPS— IB9B crop, ll@l4c per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4T6S'5c; Wool Bags. 26@28c; - San
Quentln Bags, $4 86; Fruit Bass, sc, s>ic and
S^ic Cor the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington, IS per ton; New Welling
ton. $8; Southlleld Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant, $6; >■>'* Bay, $5; Wallsend. $7 50;
Scotch, »8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $11 25
In sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. «14;
Cannel. $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and *34
In sacks.
COFFEE— C. E. Blckford'e circular gives the
receipts at this port thus far this year at 126,-
Bt>2 bags, against 130,341 bags during the same
time last year. The sales from first nands were
100,12-1 bags, against 001. The stock on hand
October 1 was 24.315 bags, against 2-J.IOS. Th>>
world's risible supply October 1 was 8.906,240
bags, against 5,973,215 last year. The circular
says :
"The aggregate business of the past month
has been quite satisfactory In view of the gen
erally uninteresting state of this and all dis
tributing markets. Price rather than quality is
governing coffee consumers nowadays, and,
therefore, also those who supply their wants,
and the market presents the anomalistic fea
tures of an active demand, with some degree
of firmness for grades below 10c In value, while
all qualities above are weak in tone and very
■low of movement. So long as serviceable
qualities of sound whole bean coffee can be ob
tained at their present range or from 8c to 10c
this condition will continue, and it must result
In a further contraction of the premiums on
good washed coffees, heretofore paid more for
style than Intrinsic merit, until an adjustment
of values is reached that meets the consumer's
pocket and the laws of supply a.nd demand.
"Crop prospects In Brazil, according to re
cent estimates, point to 8,500,000 bags for the
season of lvi.v Receipts thus far have been
proportionately small, due, It Is said, to bad
weather, but sufficient to again Increase the
world's visible supply by £04,906 bags during
September. The New York market rules steady
at 6'«, c for Rio No. 7 and VAQVAc for Santos
No. 4.
"To-day's local first-hand stock consists of
4457 bags Costa Rica, 103 Nicaragua. 4980 Sal
vador, 11,120 Guatemala and 1806 Mexican; In
all 22,466 bags, as against 27,002 bags the name
time last year."
We quote: Costa Rica— ls@l7c for prime
washed, 14@15c for good washed, 15@16Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry. 12H@14c for
good peaberry. 11@13%c for good to prime, 10@
lie for good current mixed with black beans,
S%@lo%c for fair. 54@Sc for common to ordi
nary. Salvador— UOUVic for good to prime
washed, 9Vi@Uc for fair washed, 12@13V4c for
gcod to prime washed peaberry, S%@'Jc for su
perior unwashed, BVie for good green unwashed.
10V4@Uc for good to prime unwashed praberry.
Nicaragua— S^c for good to superior unwashed,
li' 1 - (die for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l4V4@l"c for prime to
fancy washed. 12@140 for good to strictly good
washed. 9*4®H*ic for fair washed. 7@9c for me
dium, l@~c for Inferior to ordinary. 12®14c for
good to prime washed peaberry, loot's lie for
good unwashed i*»abeiry, B<g9c for good to su
perior unwashed. !"■
SUGAR— Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and" Fine Crushed, 7^c; Powdered. 6Hc; Candy
Granulated. 6V4c; Dry Granulated, 6c: Confec
tioners' A, 6c; California A. 5%c; Magnolia A.
6%c; Extra C. 64c; Golden C, 5%c: half-barrels,
Uc more than barrels, and boxes He more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or us
equivalent.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule for nil descriptions.
Hogs are showing more firmness, as receipts
are lighter and the packers are bidding 4>nc
for this week's delivery- . ,
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows: ...
BEEF— First quality, 6@6Vic; second quality,
;>-,,■; third quality, 4®sc. -' ' '
VEAI^-Large, s®6c; small. 6H^Sc per lb.
MUTTON — Wethers, 6@7c; Ewe», 6ig6Hc
Lamb. TttOSc per lb.
PORK-Llve Hobs. 3V4@3%c for large, 4@4Hc
for medium and 3V;@3Vtc for small; stock Hogs.
2€>3c; dressed Hogs, E'4@6Vic-
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. Oct. 8.
Flour, qr ska.... 9.93S Pelts, bdls F*s
Wheat, Ctls 1.496 Hides, No ....... .94
Barley, ctls ..... 1,520 Em, doz J. 660
Oats, ctls :. 440 Win", pals 69,400
Cheese, ctls 35 Raisins, bxs .... 51
Butter, ctl 9* Wool, bales 92
Beans, ska 1.61S Hay, tons 3*l
Potatoes, sks ... 2,570 Straw, tons ...... 1.0
Bran, sks 305 Hops, bales ISO
Middlings, sks .. 530 Lime, bbls 201
Mustard, sks .... 445 Busrar, bbls Jo
Tallow, ctls 650 Sugar, bags 850
Lumber ft 30.000 ]
OREGON.
Flour, qr ska ... 7,514 Wheat, ctls 90S
Barley, ctls ..... 13.450 Middlings, sks .. 540
Oats, ctls 6.445 Hay, tons 30
Bran sks 2.261 Potatoes, sks ... 603
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 2,Soo|Rye. ctls y. 420
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 20!
THE STOCK MARKET
Mining stocks were dull and closed the week
rather lower than they opened It.
Local securities were moderately active, and
quotations showed no changes worthy of note.
The Pacific Ras Improvement Company will
pay a monthly dividend of 50 cents per share
to-morrow.
The Market Street Railway Company will
pay a quarterly dividend of 60 cents per share
to-morrow.
The Consolidated Imperial Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 1 cent per share
delinquent November 15. The directors of the
Consolidated Imperial have voted the pro rata
of 1 per cent to the pumping fund. It was for
that purpose that the assessment was levied.
The Silver King Mining Company of Utah
has declared a dividend of 25 cents per share
payable October 10.
The directors of the Challenge Consolidated
Mining Company have voted a pro rata of 1
per cent for the pumping fund.
The Marguerite Gold Mining Company of
Placer County has levied Its eleventh assess
ment at the rate of 10 * cents per share, pay
able November 7. \
The Consolidated New York Mining Company
has levied an assessment of 3 cents per share,
delinquent November 10.
The Junction Mining Company of Tuniumne
Ceunty has levied an assessment of 3 cents per
share,' delinquent -.ovember 3.
The annual meeting of the Alpha Consoli
dated Mining Company has been called for Oc
tober 25. • /
The Central Eureka Mining Company' of
Amador County has levied an assessment of 3
cents per share, delinquent November 5.
The Randall Banking Company at Eureka
went into liquidation In April. 1597. owing its
depositors over $200,000. Four dividends in
liquidation have been paid. The fifth, of five
per cent, will be paid on the 11th. This will
make $52,250 returned to depositors.
A Honolulu paper of - September 28 says that
seven sugar plantation companies have Just paid
out between $350,000 and $400,000 In dividends to
stockholders. One of these Is ; the Hawaiian
Sugar Company.
Dividend No. 112 and extra dividend No. 113,
of ten cents each per share, have been de
clared on the stock of the Pacific Vinegar and
Pickle stocks, payable op the 14th lnst.
According to the New York Engineering and
Mining Journal the mining dividends paid In
September were as follows: Bullion-Beck &
Co , 110.000; Bunker Hill & Co.. $21,000; Calumet
A Hecla, $1,00,000: Centra! Lead, $1000;
Charleston, S. »'.. $15,000: Doe Run Lead. $5000:
Elkton. Con., $20,000; Geyser-Marion, $6000; Gold
Coin $10,000; Grand Central. $31,250; Highland,
$20,000; Hpmestake.'. $62,500: Horn Silver, $25,000;
Lillle, J3OCO: Mammoth, 120,000; Mercury, $2.),000;
Portland. ISO.0O0: Silver King, $37,500; St. Jos
eph Lead, $37,500; Swansea. $5000; Victor, $100,
000: War Eagle, *2*.750; Yellow Aster, $10,000;
total. $1,555,500. ' '
" STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE. - }
SATURDAY. Oct. B—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | B'd.A«k.
U S Bonds— IS F G & E... 86% —
4s quar coup..llo%lll%iSan Fc»n .... 33 1 * 3^4
<h quar reg. ..lloHlll |StocktrTn Qas.. 13 —
4s ouar new.. 127 127% Insurance—
3B3 B n .--w 104%104T4 Firem's Fund. 2os —
Miscellaneous— ! Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab ss. 115^116% Contra Costa.. 54« —
Cal El «s 12P — Marin C" SO —
C C Wat 55...100H— Spring Valley.lOO^lOOH
Dup-st ex c... — 98H Hank .Stocks—
EL & P 65. ..131% — Anglo-Cal .... 63 —
F & 01 Xv o*. — H«H Bank of Ca1.. .249 20l
Geary-st R 6s. - 100 Cal S D & T.. 96V» —
H C f S 4Hs. IW4 — First Nat S» —
L A L. Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & L...125% —
-Do putd 6n.. W lOf'H Mer Exchange -- U
Market-st 65..128<4 — Nev Nat 8....162H —
Do Ist M 55.114i4114ai Savings Banks—
Nat Yin 6s Ist - »7^» Ger S & L..1600 1625
N C NGRy 75. 105^ — Hum S & L.1050 lltiO
NRy Cal 6s. .112 114 Mutual Say. — 42V4
N Ry Cal 55..103H — S F Say h.. 490 600
NPC R R 65. 10S 10« S&L So — 98
NPC R R 55.100%101 Security S B iOO 350
N Cal R R §s. — — ! Union T Co. looo —
Oak Oas 55.... 108^109 V Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6s ....126 129H California 108 —
P A Cl Ry 6s. 106Vi107V4 Geary 4S -
p & O 6s 112 — Mnrket-st 54V4 54**
Powell-st 65. ..119 — Presidio BV4 10
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder—
Sao £1 By ss. 100 — California i» US
BF& N P 55.109>4 - IE Dynamite... 85 95
SlerraßCal 6a. — 106 Giant Con Co. 45% «
S Pof Ar 65.107%108 Vigorit 2% 3
S P Cal 6s. 110% — MißCe:laneoUS ,"7Win*si
SPC Is eg 5b.. — 104 Al Pac A55n.,102%102%
B P Br 6s U4%115% Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
S V Water 65.117 IIS iHana P C 0.... 17% 17%
8 V Water 45.1G3%103% H C & S C 0... 32% 34
Stockton Gas.. — - | Hutch S P Co oS** 5S'/S
Gas & Electric— ' Mer Ex Assn. 90 — '
Cent GasH.cht.los — I VSn .. .... — •
Cent L & P..". 8 — Oceanic S Co. 57% 57%
Mutual El Co. 9V4 10% PaciJlc A F A. 1% i\*
Oakland Gas.. 53% 54 Vi Pac C Bor Co. 98 103
Pac Gas Imp.. — S9 Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 47% 50
Morning Session.
100 Hawaiian Com and Sugar Co 33 62%
80 / do do :.. *8 7*
50 Hana Plantation Co Il*!.'*I I *!.'*
25 Hutchlnson S P Co •;*,x! ]■<
$1000 N P C R R 5s Bonds -.101 00
25 Oakland Gas 54 00
5 Pacific Coast Borax 102 00
5 do do 100 50
EOS F Gas and Electric Co 86 75
$1000 S F & N V Ry Bonds 109 25
800 U S 3s Bonds (coupon) 104 87VS
20 do do :. 1 04 '•>
Street—
20 Pacific Coast Borax 10100
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
ISO Hnna S P Co 17 50
GO Hutchinson S P Co 58 87%
76 M.-.rket-street Ry Co »4 62Vii
J4OOO S P R R of Arizona 6s 107 7o
$5000 N P Coast R R 5s I
3T. Spring Valley Water 100 25
25 SF Gas and Electric Co »■: <"'
15 Alaska Packers' As™ 102 50
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
800 Belcher 13 400 Mexican is
200 Best & Belcher. 24 100 Ophir 55
%nn ( 'hollar 14 lull 54
200 Con Cal & Va.. 77 400 Potosi 15
100 76 l
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
600 Best & Belcher. 23 400 Justice 09
600 Bullion 02 1000. 08
200 Con Cal & Va.. 74 j 300 Overman 04
300 73 i 400 Savage 09
200 ""-*** " . ... 72 800 Scorpion 04
1000 Con NY..... '. . . 01 200 Union Con x.... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY. Oct. B—l2 m.
Bld.Ask. i v Bid.Ask
Alpha 03 04 Julia 01 02
Alta 05 08 Justice 07 09
Andes 09 10 Kentuck ....... 02 03
Belcher 11 12 Lady Wash ... — 02
Benton Con ... 06 12 Mexican 19 .<<
Best & Belcher 23 24 [Occidental i* »0
Bullion 02 03|Ophir 53 54
Caledonia 24 26 Overman 04 0o
Chollar 13 14iFotosl » 16
Challenge — 16 Savage 08 10
Confidence 47 48 Scorpion 03 »
Con Cal & Va.. 73 74 Seg Belcher ... 02 03
Con Imp 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 77 is
Crown Point .. 13 14 Silver' Hill .... — 10
Con NY 01 03 Syndicate •• —, 03
Eureka Con ... 30 40 Standard 1651 .0
Exchequer — 03 Union Con .... 22 23
Gould & Curry. .l 920 Utah 06 OS
Hale & Norcrs.l 00 110 Yellow Jacket.. 18 19
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.' IM.|T.iW.! T. |F. I S."
Alpha i
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con Cal & Va
Confidence I
Crown Point ;
Gould & Curry :
Hale A Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Beg Belcher
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
I 03 03 04 03 1 03 03
05!.... 05 1 05 06 05
10 09 10 10 i 10 09
13 16! IS 15 16 13
27 25 25 27 2S 24
02 02 02 02 02 02
281 281 27 29 27 25
.... 17 17 15 17 ....
IS IS! 18 IS 18 14
• 801 77 78 Isl 81 77
] 43 4SI 4S CO 47 49
! 161 16 15 15 15 14
• 22 21 21 21 22 20
75 76 1 2511 10 1101 00
10 101 101 10 10 03
22 22 22 22 g 22 19
56 54 56 58 68 ■'■
05 05 06 05 05 04
........ 78 f .... 74
181 17 18 17 17 15
09 09 10 11 10 08
03 03 02 02 03 02
1 60 1 70 1 75 I 60 1 65 1 63
82 79 81 82 81 77
24 26 26 27 27 22
07 07 OS I 07 00 06
20 20 20 22 20 19
Yellow Jacket |
A Southern Weekly of recent date
prints the following interesting obitu
ary "Died — Sir James Goodwin of
Estell, Miss., died this week, from an
injury received by a wagon loaded with
staves turning- over on him. "We are j
glad to state that he died a true knight, j
and also a Christian. We extend to his
famlly our heartfelt sympathy, which
is their loss but Heaven's gain."
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to, visit th«
office where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Cb6ervatory. Mare Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
BOH. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
"Waters at Fort Point, entrance to ban
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9.
Pun rises £:13
Sun sots 5:40
Moon rises 0:12 a. m.
Feet.
—
11
0:28
1:14
2:00
2:41
3:15
3:49
4:25
l.fl
I.J
1.3
1.8
1.7
1.8
1.0
8:19
2:01
S:RS
9:20
9:43
10:08
10:34 1
4.
4.
4
5. i
5.!
1:
8::
3:':
3:!
4-.:
6:
3.1
1.8
2.3
1.8
1.3
0.8
0.3
6:45 4.0
7:54 4.0
8:45 4.2
0:30 4.3
I 10:19 4.5
, U:U9| 4.3
! I
!
NOTE — In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The height*
given are additions to the soundlnps on th°
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sisn (—)( — ) precedes the helcht.
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
lpve'.and St Michael |Oct. !>
.ztec lOh'na and Japan <>ct. 9
rewport Manila Oct. 9
I'alla TValla.... Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. 9
•omona iHumboldt 'Oct. 9
Vashtenaw:....jTaroma Oct. 9
ons Bay Newport |Oct. 10
:i; Thompson.. Pupet Sound ;<>et. 10
ttv of Panama! Panama ;Oct. 10
amna iHumboUlt Oct. 10
teat* 'Coos Bay Oct. 10
tateCallfornlaiPortland Oct. U
ustralla [Honolulu Oct. 11
uracao jSeattle Oct. 11
•rogreso Seattle Oct. 11
•ortland |St. Michael Oct. 12
orona >|Sin Diego Oct. 12
forth Fork IHumboldt Oct. 12
lackinaw iTacoma Oct. 12
irizaba [Mexico Oct. 12
i am IXanalmo 'Oct. 12
hilkat Humboidt •■ t. a
>el Norte iCrescent City Oct. 13
ipnal Astoria Oct. 1J
;mpire Coos Bay Oct. U
!eo. W. Elder.. Port!and Oct. 14
[omer Newport
'matllla Victoria & Puget Sound Oct. U
.Ulance lOregon Ports |Oct. 14
'zarlna ITacoma Oct. 14
antaßosa jSan Diego ! O. t . lfi
olumbia 'Portland "rt. 17
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. Destination. Sails. Pier.
ChntaT" Humholdt Oct. 9, 9am Pter 13
Columbia .. Portland Oct. 10. 10 nmlPier 24
Santa Rosa. San Diego |Oct. 10, 11 am|Pler 11
Gaelic ... China &.iapan!Oct. 11, 1 pm ( PMSS
Pomona .... Humboldt.... Oct. 11, 2 pm:Vler 3
Coos Bay... Newport Oct. i?. 9 am Pier 11
Arcata ....jCooa Kay Oct. 12. 10 amiPler 13
Bfate of CaJ'Portland Oct. 13. X) amlPler 24
Walla Wall! Vie & Pgt Sd. Oct. 13, 10 am|Pier 9
Corona !san Dlpro Oct. 14, 11 amjPier 11
O W. Elder|P>-rtland lOct. 16. 10 ami Pier 21
Orliaba (Newport !Oct. 16. 9 am|Pler 11
Alliance ...jHumboldt Oct. 17, 9 am! Pier 13
■We=ott 'Tiliamook iOct. IS. E pm[Pler 13
Steamer.
Destination.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrogrraphic Office, U. S. N., Mer- J
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober S, 1* 18,
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
1. c., at noon o£ the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time
CHAS. P. WFXCH
Ensign Cretired). U. S. N., in charm
ggj££^fi_ INTELLIGENCE. "
ARRIVED.
Saturday, October 8.
Stmr Sequoia, Thwing. 16 hours, from Fort
Brags.
Stmr Chilkat. Anderson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Stmr OWo, Boggs, 34 days from Manila, via
Xot.e 24^ days.
Stmr Aloha, Jorgensen, 16 hours from Hardy
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 25 hours from Eureka
Tug Rescue, Thompson, from off Santa Crua
with raft in tow.
Stmr Greenwood, Fagerlund. 22 hours from
Cleone.
Stmr Columbia. Green, i.24 hours from Port,
land, via Astoria 44% hours
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, 61% hour^ from
San I.iiego.
Schr Thos S Negus, Brandt, 17 days from
I nalaska.
Schr S Danielson, Crangle. 5 days from Shel
ter Cove.
CLEARED.
Saturday. October 8.
Stmr Santa Rosa, Alexander, San Diefco-
Goodall. ivrkins ft Co.
Stmr South Portland, Seeley, Seattle; James
Jerome.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama, etc; Paciflo
Mail s S Co.
Br shtp L.>rd Templeton, McCracken Mol
lendu: W R Grace A Co.
Bark Martha Davis, Friis, Honolulu; Welch
Bark C D Bryant, Colly. Hllo, Honolulu;
Williams, Dlmond * Co.
Haw bark Santiago, Ingalls, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
SAILED.
Saturday, October 8.
Stmr Westport. Peterson.
Stmr Grace Dollar, Fosen. Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Del Norte. Allen. Crescent City.
Stmr Homer. Jessen, San Pedro.
Stmr Queen, Jepsen. Victoria and Port
Townsend.
Stmr San Bias, Russell, Panama and way
Stmr Mineola. David, Tacoma.
Hark I.evt <; Bttrgem. Y.ungren, Tacoma,
Hark B P f-heney. Johnson.
Scbr Volant, Krog, Nehalem River.
\\est.-rn Hume. Nllsson, Coos Bay.
Schr Reliance. Stelnborn, Finn Rock.
Sohr J Eppinger. Colatrop.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Oct 8—1') p. m.— Weather,
hazy; wind W; veloclt- 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Blp Bonanza loads coal at Departure Bay
for this port: Carrollton. lumber at Moodyrilla
for Melbourne, 50s; Cambrian Hills, wheat at
Tacoma for Europe, 31s 3d.
SPOKEN.
Sept 24— Lat 23 N. long 22 W, Br ship Dltton,
from Shields, for San Francisco.
DOMKSTIC PORTS.
Et'REKA— Sailed Oet R— Stmr Pomona, for
San Francisco; stmr Newburg, for San Fran
cisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct S— Br ship City of
Athens, from Port Lob Angeles; Br bark Gulf
Stream, from Han Diepo.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Oct B— Bktn Ame
lia, for Honolulu.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct B— Stmr Albion, for
Alaska; bark Kate Davenport, for San Fran
cisco.
VENTT'RA— Arrived Oct B— Stmr George
Loomis, hence Oct 7.
SEATTLE— Arived Oct B— Stmr Rival, from
Pt Michael.
STEWARTS POlNT— Arrived Oct S— Schr Ar
chie and Fontie. hence Ort 5.
BOWENS LANDING— SaiIed Oc{ B— Schr Ben
der Brothers, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Oet S— Stmr Co
quill* River, hence Oct 7.
XEAH BAT— Pased Oct s— Stm Progreso, fm
Seattle, for San Franciscn.
USAL— SailM Oft S— Schr Sacramento, for
San FrancU
ROCKPORT— SaiIed Oct B— Stmr Scotia, for
San Francisco.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Oct B— Bark
Theobald, hence Sept 23.
Passed op— Stmr Czarina, hence Sept 4, for
Seattle.
TACOMA— Sailed Oct 7— Dark Gatherer, for
Ssn Francisco.
COOS BAY— Arrived Oct 7— Stmr Arcata, hnc
Oct 5.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Oct 7— Stmr Progreso. for
San Francisco.
EASTERN PORTS.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 7— Ship Char
mer, from New York, to load for San Fran
cisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Oct B— Br stmr Aorangl, for
Vancouver.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Oct 7— Br bark Lon
don Hill, from Oregon.
TALTAL— Arrived Oct s— Br ship Swanhllda,
hence July 30.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
*»». Steamers leave Broadway
Y :^t!!>3S(w wharf, can Francisco:
1 IShSm^. For Alaskan ports. 10 a, m..
■■If 'iHfc ct - 3 - 8 - 13 - 1S - 23 - 28 - Nov - *•
LlEsvSs transfer at Seattle.
Etss£«(X< 53*1 For Victoria, Vancouver <B.
BJiwrYffl C. Port Townsend, Seattle.
r^^^^KH Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes
and New Whatcom ("Wash.). 10
a m., Oct. 3. 13, 18. 23. 28. Nov.
2 and every fifth day thereafter, transfer at
Seattle to this company's steamers for Alaska
and G. N. Ry-. «* Tacoma to N. P. Ry.. at
V )U Eurek < a C <Humbo y Bay). 2 p. m.. Oct
1 6 It 16. 21. 26, 31. Nov. 6, and every fifth
da For he £anta er Monterey. San Simeon.
CaVucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gavlota, Santa BarbaTa, Ventura, Huenemo
Pan Pedro East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport 9 am.. Oct. 4. 8 12. 16. 20. 24. 28. Nov.
1 and every fourth day thereafter. ■■■ - --^
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
T^s Angeles and Redondo (Loa Angeles), 11 a.
m Oct 2 6. 10. 14, IS. 22. 26, 30. Nov. 3, and
every fourth day thereafter. Bay San Jose del
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jos» del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Par, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th ot every
For h further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to enan*«
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
an* hours of saillnsr. _,
TICKET OFFICE —1 New Montgomery
St GOOr)ALL; e pERKINS & CO.. Gen Agts..
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
r3r 3 o :r t L-A. 2STD
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Including Berths
IAnL $8 Second Cla«w and Meals.
Geo W Elder sails Oct. 7, 16. 25. Nov. t
Columbia sails Oct. I<\ 19, 2S. Nov 6.
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. .»1, Nov. 9.
Short lino to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East,
xnroujs E c WARD Genera! Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic
r ** (French Linei '
DIRECT LINE TO HA'"RE-PARIS .^^
(FRANCE). SalU — every Saturday <^<CTp>
at 10 a.m. from Pier 42, North ■**i«MHBV
River foot of Morton street.
LA CAMPAGNE. Oct. 15
LA NAVARRE Oct. 22
LA NORMANOIE Oct. 2'»
LA TOURAINE ....Nov. 5
LA GASCOGNE.. ; ...........Nov.' 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 19
First class to Havre $90 and upward,' 5 per
cent .reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $43: 10 per cent reduction round trio.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO.. Pacific Coast Agents.
5 Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
©HSPiVEfIBA sails for Honoluhi only
■/sails for Honolulu only
S ""'•Wednesday, October 13,
ki *■ B The S. m. MARIPOSA
The S S. MARIPOSA
SlS^m^ninc} sails via Honolulu and
GJlUllllJllll'^ Auckland for Sydney
i^piFflhll* Wednesday, November
»^. - WiWUUIUsr 2, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery et.
Freight office— 327 Market St., . San Francisco.
ROUND THE WORLD
A special party visiting Hawaii, Japan
China, the Philippines, India, Egypt, etc.. will
leave San Francisco by S. S. Doric October 29
Membership limited 10 persons. Programmes of
THOS. COOK & SON
621 Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVER STEAMERS.
FOR 0. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer '"MonticeHo."
lion., Tue*.. Wed.. Thure. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. "Than. I
Fridays ..................1 p. m. and:B:Jo p. m.
Eunday5............. .......10:80 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and rfiV«M»_Mlsston Dock. PUr l
-. •■-/-■ - Telephone Red ttU. •
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY, TOO, at 10 a m
Steamer AL.VISO. Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose. 50c; round trip, 75c.
Delightful Bay Excursions. Alvi»o and return,
75c.BOYS' AND GIRLS' PAGE.
TRAVELS Or
MARTIN THARE
BY ALMA S. BEMENDERFER.
ANGELS CAMP.
MARTIN THARE longed to
travel and see the world, and,
above all, to have the adven
tures bound to be encountered.
He had road books by noted
travelers and lay and dreamed of the
time when fortune would favor him.
But Oakwood was a village far away
from any place of interest. One day
while sitting on the sidewalk, neaj
small college, of which the citizens
were wont to boast, he noticed a
dler. valise in hand, walking u>
him. The valise being dxor>~>ed. the
contents were scattered all around.
square box rolled toward
tin. which he picked up. The man
dly told him not to open it. but
Bity got the better. Instant
black ball shot out, and rolling over
the ground marked out paths in all di
rections, and bursting with a loud re
port vanished. Walking over to where
Martin stood, the peddler pointed one
finger at him and naid slowly:
"So, in your reel. less haste to see
what the box i yot loosed the
mystic ball of fate, a treasure beyond
price to me. By so doing you have
laid a charge on me, an unpleasant
duty, noting the paths marked. You, I
believe, wish to travel, see the world
and meet with adventures. It is as
you wish. By reckless haste you have
made it doubly certain. Being a ma
gician, to me is assigned the duty of
laying a charm upon you. and not till
you have met with many adventures
and are heartily tired will it be re
moved."
He bent forward and touched Mar
tin with the empty box. In an in
stant, from a handsome boy he turned
Into a common gray mouse and, glanc
ing at a poo! of water and noting the
change, he was so frightened his sole
Idea was to hide.
Climbing quickly up the side of a
building-, ho j>-:.-iped thruugh an o-pen
window into the sitling-room of the
head professor, who was reading. The
professor, looking up, saw the mouse
and tried to drive it nut. He hit it
•with a ruler, whereupon, in a shrill
voice, it said: "Stop that; don't kill
me."
The professor was so surprised that
he jumped backward.
Could it be a mistake? No; thatmouse
could certainly talk. These thoughts
flashed through his mind. Yes, some one
had taught, educated it, and there it
tvas. What a grand and astounding
discovery. He would capture the ro
dent. Having no trap, he. was forced
to make a paper cornucopia and place
it in a corner for a trap.
But the mouse suddenly departed by
the same entrance, and crawling along
a narrow ledge walked in at another
window Into a cla?s room and slipped
Into a book case. A student noticed
him. Once inside, Martin had ample
time to think. A feeling of sadness
came over him. To realize he was
only a mouse, yet be able to talk and
understand was disagreeable. What
ought to be done? A search might be
made!'
Quickly gnawing a hole in a diction
ary he hid there, and later, when a
search was made, no one suspected that
the mouse was in the dictionary, car
ried out by Earl Brown, who, on open
ing it. was surprised to see one jump
nimbly out and climb down to the
street below.
But here Martin was chased by a
dog, and to save his life squeezed into
a pipe, and running along through it
pome distance came to the railroad and
got into a baggage car. Here another
difficulty confronted him. He wished
to travel first class. So he managed
to slip into a passenger car and was
surprised at the people there. They
were all bound on a long journey. Lis
tening he learned they were a party
bound for ihe Klondike. A mighty
idea came to him. Why not go, too?
Being a mouse, was that a practical
reason why he should not travel and
see the world? To pay no fare; just
enjoy himself and see the beauties of
nature.
He resolved to go and at once began
to look at the people, trying to select
pome honest, shrewd looking person
with a sat.-hel. finding this difficult.
He finally decided to travel In the car
and take his chances. He managed to
eet enough to eat, and while hunting
THE FILIPINOS BRING OUT THE BIGGEST BIRDS THEY HAVE IN THEIR COUNTRY OND THE BUMPKINS GIVE AN EXHIBITION OF BAREBACK "WHIRLWIND" RIDING.
f
around sometimes got into satchels.
Thereby he made a pretty close esti
mate of the company. At last, after
an exciting trip, he reached ban 1-ran
cisco, and later Alaska, being carried
over one of the passes in a pack by a
would-be miner, who, though complain
ing of the weight, never dreamed his
satchel contained a mouse.
Martin passed one season in the
Klondike. " Then he returned home as
a n .use. Traveling over the same
pat}:.- he completed the task the ma
gician had put upon him, and suddenly
resumed his old shape of a teasing,
hievous boy.
WHAT ELSIE
WAS TAUGHT
JT was 'a warm autumn afternoon
and Mrs. White had gone away,
leaving little Elsie home to finish her
lessons. Elsie's mother knew her
little girl disliked very much to
study, and this evening, when she
had been called away to see a sick
friend, her last words to Elsie had been
for her to study her lessons well in her
absence. Elsie had promised she
would, but she was not quite old
enough to know what a wrong thins
it was to break one's word, and no
sooner had her mother gotten out of
sight than she called King, the large
Bhepherd dog, and hurried down to the
orchard, where the rosy-cheeked apples
grew.
Elsie had lived in the country every
summer of her life, and was well ac
quainted with climbing trees. She now
went to the top of a large apple tree,
and picked the best of the luscious fruit
there. She spied a bright-winged but
terfly, and as soon as her tiny feet
reached the ground she began chasing
it, but, failing to catch it. she called
King, and they had a race to the mill
pond and back again to the orchard;
then she sat down to rest. She had not
meant to spend all the evening in play,
but thought ?he could enjoy herself,
then have time for her lessons before
her mother's arrival: but soon her
curly head began to bob, and Elslt for
got her untouched books.
At first there appeared a small fairy,
with a huge book open before her, from
which she was studying diligently:
then another and another, until there
seemed to Elsie to be a thousand of
these small creatures, each with her
book open, and all seamed to be saying,
"Work first, then comes play," over and
over again, until Elsie thought she
would never forget the words. Then
she heard a tinkling of a bell. The
fairies seemed to hear it also, for in an
instant all the books were laid carefully
aside and each fairy stood in line, with
arms folded behind her.
Then a lovely fairy queen appeared,
wtth a diamond crown upon her head.
She raised her wand and touched each
fairy, and her plain clothes fell off,
and each stood there arrayed in a
lovely white dress and bright star on
her head. Then came sounds of soft,
sweet music, and they all began danc
ing and singing, "Work first, then
play." Then the fairy queen arose to
make a speech, but Elsie never heard
what she said, for she felt some one
shaking her arm, and on opening her
eyes she saw her mother, scared and
nervous, bending over her.
"I am bo glad to find you, Elsie. I
thought sure you had got lost."
Elsie then told her mother of her
dream and untouched books. Her
mother kissed her and said, "I am glad
you had that dream. It has taught you
always to work first, then play."
"Yes," said Elsie, "but, mamma, I
wish you had not woke me until I
heard "what the fairy queen said."
WHERE THEY
found russ
BY ETHEL H. WYSHAM.
PUSS! Push! Here, Puss!" called
Mary; but no little cry responded
to the c '1. Puss was plainly in
no hearing distance of Mary's
voice.
"Oh, Jane! Hpvc you seen Snowball?
My de:.r little pussy," said Mary.
"Not I, miss," said Jane. "The last I
saw of her you were feeding her your
self in the kitchen. After you left her
puss went out of the door and has
neither been seen nor heard of since."
"She might have strayed away from
home and T.ot b en able to find her way
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
back," said Mary. "I must go look for
her." And taking her hat from the peg
she went out of the door. She searched
through the barn, the stable, the
orchards and the cowhouse. She even
peeped into th s brook, to see if Snow
ball cpuld possibly have fallen in and
been drowned, but all her search was
fruitless — no Snowball could she find.
Mary was very sorry to lose her pet
cat. Snowball was a present from her
aunt, and Mary had had her ever since
she was a kitten. Mary called her
Snowball because she was so white, and
Snowball was very fond of her little
mistress and would follow her every
where she went. Almost a week had
passed and Mary had given up all hopes
Three Songs of Childhood.
of ever finding Snowball again, when
one day her mother took her to see a
lady named Mrs. Hopewell. Mrs. Hope
well lived some miles distant and Mary
and her mother went in the little spring
carriage. The horses who drew the
carriage were called Bess and Dick,
and as they were very gentle Mary was
allowed to drive them, which was a
thing she liked very much to do. In
the course of the conversation with Mrs.
Hopewell the subject of cats came up.
Mrs. Hopewell said that about a week
ago a forlorn, muddy little white cat
ha.d come to her house and she had
taken it in and kept it ever since.
"Oh," said Mary, quickly, "it must be
my Snowball! Will you please show it
to me, Mrs. Hopewell?"
"Certainly, my dear," said Mrs. Hope-
well; and the lady got the cat and
showed it to Mary.
'Oh, Snowball! Snowball! Have I
really found you i.gain?" said Mary, in
delight. For, sure enough, it was Snow
ball. Snowball seemed just as glad to
be found as Mary was to find her, for
she rubbed her head against Mary and
purred the sweetest song she knew.
Mary was very glad to have found her
pet cat again and she went home a
very happy little girl.
LITTLE JOKERS.
Fannie, aged 5, was visiting in the
country, and, seeing a lot of sheep and
By R. A. MARTYNE.
lambs for the first time, she exclaimed:
"Oh. mamma, just look at the cute lit
tle lambs, and they're such good imi
tations, too. They squeak just like my
toy lamb and have the same kind of
hair on."
"Oh, papa!" exclaimed little four
year-old Ned, "look what a bright
star!"
"Yes," replied the father, "and it is
several times as large as our earth."
"Oh, no, it isn't." said Ned, "because
if it was, it would keep the rain off."
"I want to ask a question, papa," re
marked Sammy Snaggs.
"Very well, Sammy. But only one,
remember."
"When the Americans shell a Spanish
army do they eat the colonels?"
LITTLE ARNA AND
HER SELFISHNESS
BY ESTELLE BAKER.
ARNA never believed in fairies.
She thought it was a silly belief—
that fairies lived and ate. drank,
slept, danced, spoke and sang, as
the pictures in the story books
showed them to be doing.
Arna was 10 years old last March,
and was in the fifth grade, although
she is now promoted into the sixth, tone
is a very pretty little girl, with dark
eyes and brown curls that glistened
like gold under the rays of the sun;
long golden eyelashes and cream-ana
peaches cc-mplexion. Mamma's only
child she had been spoiled and in
dulged, until, as one of her little school
mates remarked, "Arna Whitley would
be awfully nice if she wasn't so stuck
up and selfish." That was just the
trouble with Arna— she was so selnsn
that she made about as many enemies
as she did friends. Arna always learned
her lessons well. There was not another
girl in the class like Arna Whitley that
could get a "perfect" paper in the
arithmetic examination. And no one
could beat her in grammar and spell
ing She always carried home a report
card with '-excellent" or "perfect" in
scholarship and "perfect" in deport
ment. She would not whisper or turn
around and one time when the teacher
stepped out into the hall for a few
minutes and the boys and girls took
advantage of her absence to have a.
'"good time" Arna was a model pupil,
never turning around or even raising
her eyes from her book. I am inclined,
however, to believe that she did this
not for the principle of the thing but
for the name and honor and praise
forthcoming. Of course she naturally
became the teacher's pet.
For all this Arna was , selfish and
proud Although she shared her candy
and gum with the rest of the girls and
lent them a pencil err her slate sponge,
she never puts herself out for them,
and made no effort to assist others or
to make others really happy.
One hot summer day at noontime,
when Anna was eating her lunch out
in the shadiest part of the school yard,
a little girl came up crying, with two
others leading her. She was a mite of
a thing, with big misty blue eyes,
filled with tears. The larger girls
asked Arna if she would take the little
one home. The little one lived a few
blocks away from Arna and Arna lived
a block from school. Now. Arna had a
most delicious lunch, which her mam
ma had put up fcrr her in a cute little
basket, shaped like a tin pail.
"Give her some of your lunch," whis
pered some one in her ear.
"Don't you do it. She had no busi
ness to lose her lunch," whispered an
other voice.
"Do you think you can take her?"
asked Maggie, the largest of the girls.
"Don't you do any such thing. Let
some one else do it " persisted the last
voice.
"Indeed, I will not," snapped Arna,
tossing her curls away from her fore
head. "I cannot be bothered with her.
Let son.c one else take her."
The little child's Hps trembled and
she cried still harder. "'I want some
thing to eat," and she glanced at
Arna's basket and its tempting con
tents. Arna felt an inclination to give
her 6omething, but the evil voice whis
ered again into her ear:
"You are tired from your school work
and you need it more than she does.
Don't you give her any. She can go to
her home and get all she wants."
"No," repeated Arna, "some one else
must take her," and she hugged her
lunch basket tighter than ever.
That night a fairy came to see Arna,
who was at first sound asleep, but, be
ing a light sleeper, the sound of the
step? of the fairy awoke her, and she
instantly rose on her elbow to see who
it was. To her surprise it seemed to be
morning. The sun vainly tried to pierce
through the shutters, and through the
open door she heard the sizzling of
meat frying and the singing of the
teakettle in the kitchen. It was plain
that she was late for breakfast that
morning. She jumped out of bed to
dress herself. Suddenly a beautiful
fairy stood before her. She was quite
tall and slender. Her eyes were black
and pier ing. She wore a long, loose
dress with short sleeves and high neck,
made of some brown and silk stuff,
caught at the waist with a girdle— but
had no wings on her shoulders.
"Who are you?" asked the surprised
Arna, as she curiously, half-admiring
ly, half-fearfully scanned her visitor.
"I am Selfishness," replied the fairy,
"and I am to be your companion for
the present." Her voice was low, but
clear and convincing. "I am told you
are much like me, and so I am going to
stay with you; go with you wherever
you go and see and hear, feel and know
all that you do."
"Why, how funny," cried Arna, "and
what is mamma going to do?"
"I am going to take your mother's
place while she is away. She will be
back in a week or so." Arna said noth
ing, but continued to dress herself in
great haste.
"Is it late?" she asked.
"Yes, about a quarter to nine," re
plied Selfishness.
"Oh, my!" cried Arna, "isn't it late!"
and she buttoned her shoes in great
haste.
"You will find your breakfast out
there cooked for you," said the visitor,
"your father cooked it for you."
"My father cooked it for me!" cried
Arna.
"Yes, your father, of course," replied
the visitor, pettishly. "You surely don't
expect me to do your work for you."
"You said you would take mamma's
place," said Arna, "and papa shall not
do our work."
"Then why don't you?" asked Selfish
ness, with a curious sweetness in her
voice.
" 'Tisn't my work, snapped Arna.
Instantly the light flashed in the eyes
of Selfishness and her voice grew
hoarse and harsh. "I shall not do it,
either," she replied. .
Arna was now eating her breakfast,
or rather, gobbling it down as fast na
she could, for she was in ganger of be
ing late.
"Selfishness, get my hat," she said.
But Selfishness wouldn't stir.
"Selfishness, are you not mean?" and
the face of the visitor grew angry.
"I will not get yuur hat; you can get
it yourself."
And Arna had to run into the nail
and get her hat herself.
"I wish you would tie up my shoe
lacing and fix the back of my dress. It : s
all thready."
Selfishness merely turned up her noss
and it fused to do any of these things.
"Won't you get my lunch basket,
then?" she asked? "And my speller
and mental arithmetic there on the
sitting room table. Please get them,
too."
"I won't, either. Do it yourself. I m
not your servant." replied Selfishness
with peculiar hauteur. So Arna had
to get them herself, and went into the
sitting room for them. When she came
back she found Selfishness already
dressed.
"Where are you going?" Arna asked.
"With you to school." replied Selfish*
ness. Then they started for school,
both on the run.
Arna reached school just in time to
get in her line, without her teacher
knowing of her tardiness. Her line was
just marching in. Selfishness pushed
her aside and went ahead of her.
Arna's wrath was kindled. "You
mean old Selfishness," she cried, "you
had no business to do that. My place
is before you." But Selnshness was
fighting for another girl's place, and
while they were talking in a loud tone
about it Arna was surprised to hear
her teacher's voice: "Arna Whitely,
please step out of the line."
Arna was much surprised, but she
obeyed her teacher's order and stepped
over to a bench and sat down. The
girls looked back and giggled at her
discomfort. When the tinea had all
marched in the teacher came to Arna
and said: "Arna, what made you be
have so naughtily?"
"It wasn't I; it was Selfishness,"
replied Arna, hotly.
"Yes, my dear, it was your own sel
fishness, and I am glad to see you ac
knowledge you're wrong."
When Arna came in her room she
found the scholars all whispering, and
talking about and pointing at Selfish
ness, who L-^d ime in and sat down
in a vacant seat, the owner of which
would soon eoi.-t.'. She had taken an
other girl's book and, crossing her feet,
was humming to herself. Arna went
up to her and corrected her, but Sel
fishness replied that she "wasn't doing
things to suit everybody else."
When the teacher came in Selfishness
was busy with her lesson and the
teacher did not notice her. When the
time came to recite Selfishness had her
hand up for every question. The
teacher called Selfis'-.ness Arna and did
not seem to notice Arna herself, al
though Arna frantically waved her
hand back and fort- trying to attract
Miss Brown's attention.
Even when the other girls knew their
lessons Selfishness was always angry
If she wasn't calle<_ on to answer every
single question, and when the other
girls tried to .isper to her she would
proudly turn away her head and say to
Arna. "See what a good girl I am."
At recess the girls didn't appear to
notice Arna, althou''- she passed in
front of them time after time. She saw
her old "toadies" were very nice to Sel
fishness' face, but, oh, how they talk
ed behind her back!
When it was time to go in and all
were in the schoolroom again Selfish
ness was w.rse than ever. It was gram
mar examination. Mildred Adams' pa
per wasn't ruled, and the teacher, in a
treat hurry, gave her a minute to rule
it nicely. Now. Selfishness didn't have
hers ruled and she had taken 1. Idred's
ruler to rule it with. Sh- had t!
cessary ruling on, and Mildred was in
despair at her blank paper. But Sel
fishness, desiring extra credits to the
loss of Mildred, kept the ruler for her
own use, and the teacher would not
wait for the other erirl, who thus lost
the entire examination.
At noontime, when Arna looked for
her lunch that she to!d Selfishness to
put up, she found that Selfishness had
taken it. After quite a hunt she found
her in a corner of the yard surrounded
by all her f iends, eating her lunch.
"Where's my lunch?" demanded
Arna.
"Humph! I guess I'm not going to
give you any lunch, and especially any
of this, when you live only abl k from
school," said Selfishness.
Afternoon passed. Selfishness was as
bad as ever. She wanted to read all
the lessons and write down all the
home work on the board, and --'keel
when Miss Brown -aye it to Lucy
Forbes to -i'
When Arna reached home she found
her father there. He was ill and had
come home earlier than usual. He did
not seem to see Arna. He called to Sel
fishness: "Arna, please make me some
strong coffee and toast." Selfishness
was getting ready to practice on the
piano, and she scowled. "My teacher
told me to learn my lesson," she an
swered, impatiently.
Arna was sho^ke."! She rushed up
to her father and said "Papa, papa,
I'm Arna. She's elfishness, not Arna.
I am Arna."
But her father did not seem to hear
h . and Arna cried. In a ver- un
gracious and sulky ood Selfishness
made the coffee and toast. She knew
Mr. Whitley didn't like anything- but
the best coffee, and that was kept on
the top shelf and she felt too lazy to
get up after it so she made the drink
out of the family cn«r«»fc She burned
the toast and then scraped the black
ened part off very poorly. She sulked
all the more ten Mr. Whitley pushed
it aside and said he didn't pare to eat.
Then Arna tried differ- nt tact'os.
She spoke gently and kindly to Selfish
ness. About sunset Selfishness came
and, kneeling at Arna's feet, b
her pardon and told her to profit by
her (Selfishness 1 ) experience, and
tnen -- s he faded like a specter, and
Arna never saw her again.
And Arna is now a generous little
girl, and although people wonder why
she is so changed in disposition, they
love her much, and she has no ene
mies, for her selfishness is —me.
3132
NEWS OF THE MINES.
A' hearing will be held before a notary
public in Sonora on November 2 as to the
mineral or non-mineral character of a
long list of parcels of Government land
in Tuolumne County. They have been re
turned by the Surveyor General as a min
eral, but the department may classify
them as agricultural. The Sonora Union-
Democrat sounds a warning that all these
lands lie in mineral belts; that landhold
ers are after them, and that hundreds of
quartz and placer claims will be lost to
miners unless the miners look up the
lands and appear with evidence of their
mineral character. Attention is likewise
called to another advertised list of lands
In that county, which have been selected
by the State as indemnity school lands.
It Is asserted that they are all mineral,
but they will be declared non-mineral un
less protests are filed at the Land Office
at Stockton before October 27. These in
stances are but illustrative of the fact
that all through the mining regions of the
State only vigilance and effort on some
body's part will save great areas of min
eral land to prospectors and miners. The
great problem, of course, is that connect
ed with the railroad lands and which the
pending mineral lands bill seeks to solve.
But there is also a great amount of pub
lic land which is chiefly mineral, but
which will steadily go into the agricul
tural list if all the active Interest dis
played Is devoted to getting it there.
Practically all the ground on which
Sonora stands was dug over and washed
for gold in early times. A short time
ago an old-timer Informed Jacob Meyer
that his garden had escaped the sluice
boxes of the early fifties and that there
was probably gold under hie onion beds.
Mr. Meyer is not a miner, but after sev
eral weeks of thought he concluded that
he needed a well anyway and that he
would sink to bedrock for water. If
he found gold so much the better. He
dugr and found nuggets as big as his
thumb. He dug- further and tried to drift
out the rich gravel but the water drove
him out. He was more lucky than Dow
of Dow's Flat. He thankfully hauls up
the cool water during the dry spell and
wonders how he can get rid of the rest of
the cussed stuff. There will be a re
spectable mining plant in Mr. Meyers'
garden next summer.
The directors of the Mountain Copper
Company have declared an Interim divi-
dend of 2s fid per share. The circular
announcing it gives this information con
cerning: the great and rapidly expanding
operations of this company in Shasta
County :
"I luring the first six months of the year
108,000 tona of ore were extracted from the
mine, averaging 7.53 per cent of copper.
The stacks in process of calcteatlon ami
local treatment in California were much
Increased, as only 72.000 tons of ore were
smelted, producing u29 tons of copper in
matte, which has been sent to the New-
Jersey works to be refined. Thr deliv
ery of fine copper from these works dur
lng th>- period was 3980 tons, of which
■ re marketed, the balance be
ing still In process of treatment for the
separation of its gold and silver."
Louis Blandlng of Sonora writes that
the reported discovery of molybdenum
in Kern County, noted in these columns
recently, was not the first find of this
rare metal In this State. He says that
eight years ago a three-foot vein was
found in Tuolumne County. It is molyb
denite, the sulphide of the metal. The
molybdate of lead Is found In a mine
miles from Sonora.
\\ c learn that Contractor Erickson,
with a large force of men, will shortly
go to work to open up the marble quar
ry near Columbia.. It will be remembered
that the quarry was leased for ten years
last December to Prince Ponlatowski and j
T. S. Bullock of the Sierra Railway. It
was understood that the privilege of buy-
Ing was given. The price was said to be
i, and the money paid for the lease
$80*1(1 per annum. For some weeks past
boring with core drills has been in pro
gress to test the quality of the stone. A
•>i about ninety feet has already
been obtained, and it is the intention to
proceed until a depth of 230 feet is
reached. The grade of the marble, so
far as tested, ha* been of the highest
quality. Taking everything into consid
i Morn ing— Sermon b:. Rev. C. H. Hobart of
i Oakland. Evening— Sermon by the rector
1 on "A Christian Fool." with a prelude on
I "The Army Canteen."
German Baptist, Seventeenth and Dolores
6treets.
Rev. H. L.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at the
! morning service. Evening— The recital of
I prayer and a special sermon.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third.
Rev. J. G. Gibson i
j Morning — Services at 11 o'clock. Evening —
i Bermon and barytone solo by the rec-
:■ tor.
/
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street.
fc-t.<rlner.
Rev. W. C. Jenkins
M' Tiling — "Absent Thomas." Evening — •
Harvest home concert; a literary and mu- ■
elcal programme. •
St. Agnes Church, Masonic a.-enue, between
Page and Oak streets.
Rev. William P. Klrby
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing — Vespers and benediction.
Even-
Et. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
well streets.
Father P. J.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one <
of the priests of the community. Evening >
— Sermon and vespers. <
Et. 'Brendan's,
streets.
Fremont
and
Harrison
Father Nugent
• Morning— High mass and sermon.
I —Vespers.
Evening <
St. Brigld's, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way.
Father Cottle
Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening <
—Sermon, vespers and benediction. <
Church of Corpus Christl, Alemaay and
Croke Btreeta.
Saleslan Fathers
Morning — High mass and sermon by Father <
I Cassinl. Evening — 4 p. m., vespers, ser- <
I mon aftd benediction. <
i <
t. Charles,
streets.
Twenty-Fourth and Shotwell
i Ing —
r— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <
'espers and sermon. <
St. Dominic's,
Rev. Plus Murphy
.Murningr— High mass at. 11 o'clock. Even- <
Ing— Rosary and procession In honor of <
the Virgin. <
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue.
Father Caraher ,
Coming — Celebration of the patronal feast <
of St. Francis. Evening — Vespers and <
conclusion of the commemorative cere- <
mony In honor of the feast. <
•
Ail Hallows, Sixteenth avenue and N street.
Rev. D. O.
Morning— High mass and sermon at 11 <
O'clock. Evening — Vespers, benediction ■
and sermon. <
— — ! . Mi <
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
street.
Morning— Sermon by Rev. George P. Burk- <
ard. Evening— Sermon by Rev. D. J. Ma- <
honey on "How Christ Built the Confes- '
slonal." <
St. James,
streets.
Twenty-third
and
Guerrero
Father P. R.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one of <
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves- <
pers, benediction and a sermon. <
St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard.
'■ Morning— High mass and sermon on the <
! Gosj.el of the day. Evening— Vespers. <
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street.
Rev. J. J. Prendergast, V. G
1 Morning— Sermon by Father Prendergast at <
the 11 o'clock mass. Evening— Sermon by <
Rev. J. J. Hannigan at vespers. <
Bt. Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets.
Paulist Fathers
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even- <
Ing— \ espers, sermon and benediction. <
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near Third.
— — - — ■ — ■ <
Morning— High mass* and a sermon on the <
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction and <
sermon. <
St. Paul' s,
streets.
Twenty-ninth
and
Church
Father Connolly
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even- <
ing— Sermon and vespers. <
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets.
Saleslan
Morning — Sermon in Italian by one of the <
priests of the community. Evening — Ser- <i
mon and vespers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth.
Father P. S. Caeey
rnlng— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening— <
'espers, benediction and sermon. q
Bt. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth.
Father Nugent .'
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening <
—Vespers and benediction. <
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point;
lxiboa avenue.
Father Coyle
| Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30 4
I o'clock. Evening— Sermon by the pastor. «
St. Teresa's,
Rev. P. C. O"<
Morning — H
! —Vespers,
mass and
Evening <
Our L*dy of Victories, Bush street, near
btockton.
Marist Father*
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock and <
sermon In French by one of the priests <<
of the community. Evening — Vespers, ser- 4
mon and benediction. <t
First Christian,
streets.
Mission
and .Twelfth
Rev. F. S. Ford
Evening— "Christian Baptism," third ser- <•
mon of second series. 2
West Side Chrlatian. Bush street.
Devlsadero.
Rev. D. A. Russell i
Mnrning— Sermon by the rector.
—Divine service and sermon.
Evening <.
■ : 4
Bethany Congregational,
near Twenty-fifth.
Bartlett street.
Rev. W. C. Pond
Morning— Sermon by Rev. J. K. Harrison <i
at the 11 o'clock service. Evening— Sermon <j
by same at 7:30 o'clock service. a
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth.
Rev. W. H. Tubb
Morning— "Premise of the Life That Now
Jb, and of That Which Is to Come." Even-
Ing— "A New Heaven and a New Earth."
Richmond €op«r«Ka.Ui
and Clement otrout.
Rev. P.
Morning— "Knowledge of the Divinity of
Christ's Doctrine Dependent Upon Man's
Willingness to God's Will." Evening—
"An Important Question About Human
Life."
Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth and
street*. :.*
Rev. H. T. Shepard a.
Morning— "The Development of the Hexa-
teuch." Evening— ••Character in Thought."
First Congregational,
streets.
Post
und
Mason
.,
Rev. G.
Morning— Servloes at 11 o'clock, Evening-
Sermon and the recital of prayer,
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Minion,
Rev, William Rader..., , ,.
Morning— Sermon by the reoter, Evening—
Same,
I lyf«euth Congregational, Pest street, | near
WebsJter. V
Rev. F, B. CeerlBgton ,,,,,
Morning— by the pastor on "■ ''For* •
give Us Our Debts as We . Forgive , Our .
Debtors." Evening— 7 f ip ; . 9 > clock, . sermon? .
by the sama on ( Tbe Choked Hearers," j-r;
' ■ ..:-■' " • -:■■-': .*"-.*•. . ". - -' '
eration it looks an If the marble quarry
will be opened on a large scale, and If
so, the benefit to Columbia and the coun
ty at large cannot be overestimated.—
Tuolumne Independent.
With the early rains comes the begin
ning of the end of the dry season that
has been such a great handicap to mining
operations. As soon as the water sup
ply is renewed hundreds of stamps will
go to dropping again and development
operations will be renewed. Concerning
the prospects of Tuolumne County the
Sonora Union-Democrat says:
"And when the mining industry does
resume in full blast it will be on an aug
mented scale. Prospectors for months
past have been persistently traversing
the two mineral belts, and the conse
quence has been that many locations are
now held under bond by men with capi
tal who are only too anxious to risk their
dollars in development work. Among the
already equipped properties many have
Increased the capacity of their crushing
plants, and almost all will have larger
payrolls both underground and on top
than ever before. It is expected that
when the rains have been sufficient to
give enough water just for panning pur-
I poses a great number of mines will
be discovered throughout the vast dis
tricts that have been burned over by
forest fires the past summer, and which
laid bare thousands of acres of ground
that for years past have been covered by
impenetrable underbrush."
A discovery of "natural coke" has been
made in Gennessee Valley, Plumas Coun
ty. Prospectors found a vein 15 feet thick
of coal formation. The same formation
was again tapped at a distance of a mile.
T. Price & Sons, who were given some of
the pieces for examination, say the sam
j pies had been subjected to heat at some
i previous period, converting it into natural
coke, and that the article is of commer
cial value. A test of 1000 pounds in the
I Greenville foundry showed its heating
i qualities to be but four minutes short of
the best Eastern coal.— Mining and Scien
tific Press.
It has been published in the Redding
papers that the cyanide plant at Harri
son Gulch Is to be done away with and
replaced by machinery for roasting ore.
This is exactly wrong, and we are in
formed that the roasters are to bo used
! to facilitate the work of the cyanide pro
! cess in saving the gold from the tailing's
; that have passed over the plates in the
i mill. The ore is reduced to a sand by
i roasting triat Is much more easily handled
by the cyanide treatment for extracting
the remaining gold, and It is claimed that
in this way So per cent of the gold can be
saved.— Redding Searchlight.
The Wedge mine has just struck an as
tonishingly rich vein of ore at a depth of
350 feet In the west drift. It is peculiar
looking, nothing like it ever having been
found In the camp. It is stratified and
ribbony in appearance and issulphuretore.
It will mill J2OO per ton. The Buckboard
mine, just beyond the Stringer district
southwest, is developed into a fine prop
erty. The ledge is very wide, running
live or six dollars all through with
streaks of rich ore up to $100 per ton. The
shaft is down 126 feet with drifts on both
sides. Over at the Meredith mine in the
slate range is one of the best and thor
oughly equipped quartz mills in the State.
It Is the property of the Meredith Min
ing Company of San Jose. They have a
water pipe line three miles long. Some
ore shipped to Selby at San Francisco
returned $215 per ton and altogether they
have taken out over $25,000.— Randsburg
Miner.
The Coralle quartz mln« in Calaveras
County has been bonded to a Chicago
company represented by E. A. Converse.
Development work will begin immediate
ly, and as coon as sufficient ore is blocked
out a small mill will be erected.
An El Dorado County correspondent of
the Mining and Scientific Press writes as
follows concerning current developments
of the great State resources of that re
gion: "The Chili Bar slate quarry has
been bonded to J. Hardy, who Is in Lon
don organizing a company for the exten
sive operation of the property. He writes
encouragingly of his efforts. Work has
begun on a third slate quarry by W.
Cummings & Son within a mile of: Placer
ville." v
SEPTVIOES TO BE HELD THIS JDJ^I2~ .A.T THE CITY CHURCHES.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, OCTOBER 9, 1898.
iliiXiJti'S. j
)®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®
> millinery
> department.
) The advertising of this de-
> partment this season ha<
I been but small for oui
> windows, and satisfied pa-
| trons have kept us busy;
I see the hats sketched in
• the illustration in this- ad-
\ vertisement.
i
wrapper
flannels.
26 inches wide, dark colors, variety
patterns, figured, per yard 5c
pillowcase
opportunity.
hemmed of fine quality muslin, 3i^-inch
sateen border, torn, not cut, ready for use.
size 42x36 lOc each
size 54x36 12^c each
hemstitched, fine quality muslin, made
with two-inch hem, torn, not cut.
45x36 15c each
50x36 ITc each
54x36 19c each
big bazar
attractions.
10-quart water pail lOc
10-quart japanned slop jar Isc
16-inch japanned fobt tub 15c
japanned coal hod and coal shovel... 15c
yarns and
zephyrs.
German knitting yarn, colors and
black 25c hank
Spanish yar^i, coiors and black.. lsc skein
Germantown wool, colors and black..
12c skein
Saxony yarn, colors and black..B^c skein
McCall paper
patterns.
no one can cut a better fitting waist
or skirt than is shown in the McCall
bazar patterns.
they are easily put together; all pleats,
gathers and biases are plainly marked
by crosses and perforations,
with the aid of the McCall bazar pat-
terns, dressmaking becomes a very
simple art; not only is a perfect fit
guaranteed (if a proper size is se-
lected), but the appearance of any
figure is sure to be improved by wear-
ing a bodice cut after these designs,
and the price is only 10 and 15 cents,
we are San Francisco agents for them.
ffi& b S &n& nK s, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street, San Francisco, the **"s&'S£BL w szg A where
| HALES.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@®®®®®®®
there's so much satisfaction in carrying a complete assortment of good goods in
crisp, sparkling new goods, and there's added pleasure if you know, and the great
public knows that this assortment is of a better grade than Hale's ever carried be-
fore; we're reaching out for a wider trade, and we're getting it; you want to know
how we propose to keep on growing; we will have the right goods to offer, and
every salesperson shall put their whole heart and soul into pleasing you !
new fall jackets now on view.
domestic dept. attractions.
damask table sets, fringed colored borders, 1
dozen doylies to match; price per set as
follows:
8-4 size .1....f2.2fl
8-10 size , 2..10
8-12 size 2.75
new damask table pets, all pure white linen,
hemstitched, soft finish, no dressing. 1
dozen extra larsu napkins to <C IK. i\f\
match, very rich, $5 OO to.. tJ*IO.UU
<r V\v.-' per set.
100 pairs cotton blankets, Just the thing for
under sheets and ironing blankets —
75c quality, 58x75 Inches, r».~c pair.
«$1 00 quality, 60x75 Inches. 75c pair.
2 cases whltp crochet spreads, full size,
hemmed, a good heavy serviceable
spread ....'. C Ow
40 half pairs plain and mottled gray blankets,
on sale at ijtl.sO to $2.2.*> each blanket,
pillow cases, hemmed, handkerchief border, 2-
lnch hem. torn, not cut—
45x36 7',je each
60x36 to c each
84x36 1O c each
new dress goods, trimmings, linings and findings.
fancy covert suitings, specially adapt-
ed for tailor suitings, strictly all
wool, in blues, browns, greens,
grays, 50 inches wide C| AA
fancy rep suitings, in changeable ef-
fects of greens, blues, browns, heli-
otropes, olives, 38 inches <C| AA
wide 3>I.UU
new rep suitings, a heavy traver cord
running across the surface, in new
blues, cardinals, browns, olives,
myrtles, 42 inches wide, <£l f\(i
very rich and seasonable vP««vf\/
cheviot suitings, 45 Inches wide, very
popular, strictly all wool. In navy,
olive, gold brown, seal *7^f*
brown, marine blue / vJi*
extra heavy 50-inch 'diagonal serge, in
cardinal, garnet, myrtle, ca- "7 \f>
det, heliotrope, brown, olive ■ v -**- /
ribbons enough to suit the taste of Frisco's fairest daughters.
extra fine quality all pure silk double faced oord edge satin ribbon, on sale this week as follows:
No. 5, full width... lOo yard. No. 9-.. 15c yard. No. 16...200 yard. No. 22... 25 c yard. No. 40...300 yard. No. 80... 40 c yard
our best quality all pure silk moire and plain taffeta ribbons, in thirty-five shades, all full width-
No. 9...12-<io yard. No. 12-150 yard. No. 16-16* 3 o yard. No. 22-18e yard. No. 40-..190 yard. No. 60...250 yard. No 80 30c yard
Church of the Advent,
near Market.
Eleventh
street,
Rev. J. A. Emery Morning— Sermon by the rector.
; Song service.
Evening—
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets.
Rev. R. C. Foute I
in Bervice at 11 o'clock,
service followed by ser-
mon.
St. Luke's,
street.
Van Ness avenue and Clay
Rev. W. H. Moreland
■ Morning— Sermon and communion service.
I evening— Sermon and prayer service.
St. Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation.
Rev. r>. O. Kelley !
• MornUig— Special service for the soldiers,
■c-vjning— Se rnun and instructloT
St. John the Evangelist, Fifteenth Btreet,
near Valencia.
Rev. E. B. Spaldlng Marnfng— Divine service and sermon at 1L
Evening— Sermon by the pastor.
St. Mary the Virgin,
streets.
Union and
Rev. H. F&rxish :
Morning— Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o clock; high mass and sermon at 1L
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
*\
t. Peter 1
streets.
Rev. M. D.
lorning— Divine services at 11 o'clock
fc-venlng— Sermon and instruction, followed
by religious exercises.
Paul's Episcopal,
Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly
fornlng— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermor by the
rector. Evening— Song service aid ser-
mon.
Episcopal, Bush and Gough streets..
Rev. H. C. Cooke
j Morning— Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
' Evening — Sermon and instruction.
German Evangelical Emmanuel
Twelfth and Stevenson streets.
Church,
R«v. F. W. Fischer
Morning— "An Old Psalm In a New Light."
Evening — "The World's Sin-Bearer."
Revival services every night in the week
First English Lutheran, Geary street,
Gough.
Rev. E. Nelander
Morning — "Rationalism." Evening —
"Thoughts on Sunday School Lesson for
October 16."
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Broderlck streets.
Frederic C. Lee ;
Morning— "Messenger, Watchman, Stew-
ard." Evening— "The Three Crosses."
ethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson.
Rev. W. B.
■Morning— "Springs in the Desert." Even-
Ing— "The Spirit and Pride Invites"; re-
vival service.
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Sixth and Seventh.
Rev. C. E. Locke
Morning— "The Man of Greatest Faith "
Evening— 'Is the World Getting Better?"
No. 2 of series.
#
First M. E. Church,
ington streets.
Powell and
Wash-
Rev. W. S. Urmy
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Ifteenth Avenue M. E. Church,
avenue south and P street.
Rev. H. Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock Even-
Ing—Sermon, followed by religious In-
struction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets.
Rev. J, N.
Morning — Sermon by the rector.
— Same.
Evening
Howard Street Methodist Episcopal
(Strangers' Home), Howard at., near ad.
Rev. J. A. B. Wilson
Morning— "A Lifted Standard." Evening—
"Disloyalty at the Center."
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee and
Btreets.
Rev. D. W.
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
—Sermon and instruction at 8 o'clock by
the pastor.
Richmond Methodiat. Fourth avenue and
Clement street.
Rev. G. W. Beatty
Morning— Services at 11. Evening— Prayer •
service, followed by sermon. ,
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavia.
Rev. C. R. Riddlck
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening .
Same. ' ,
Epworth M. K. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets.
Rev. W. M. Woodward
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock. <
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer ser- <
vice. <
<
ial M. E. Church,
streets.
J Morning— Sermon by the rector, followed by <
divine services. Evening— Sermon and in- 4
struction. <
Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church,
street, near Clay.
Street Presbyterian, Franklin
streets.
Rev. F. Brunn
Rev. D.
I — ■ — N
Morning— "Divine Protection." Evening— <
"The Power of the Gospel." i
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening — <
Sermon, followed by song service and <
prayer recital. 4
Calvary Presbyterian,
streets.
Geary and
Rev. J. Hemphill
Morning — Sermon by the rector at the ser- <
vices at 11 o'clock. Evening — Sermon and 4
musical service. <
First Presbyterian Church, Van Nesa
nuc and Sacramento street.
Rev. R. Mackenzie
1 — <j
Morning — Sermon by the rector at the 11 <s
o'clock service. Evening — Sermon by same <•
on "Young Men's Visions and Old Men's <j
Dreams." 4
First United Presbyterian, Golden
avenue and Polk street.
Morning — Religious services at 11 o'clock. 4
Evening — Sermon and instruction at 8 4
o'clock. 4
<,
Morning— Sermon by Rev. A, J. MacMurtry, <;
local evangelist of the Oakland Presby- «
tery. Evening— Christian Endeavor service <j
6:30 o'clock. 4
\" . - ■ ;-^-:- ; -: ■'>"■;•.• • ' -
.
. ' • ■ -■■ ■
St. John's Presbyterian, California
Octavia streets.
Rev. R. Liddell
N.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets.
Rev. R. N. Reynolds
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
— Same.
Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
Capp streets.
Rev. A. N. Carson
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening— «
, Divine service at 7:45 o'clock. A
4
_ i ___ *
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening <§
— Same. <jj
Memorial Presbyterian,
Railroad avenues.
Eighteenth and
Rev. H. N. Bevier
Mlspah Presbyterian, Harrison street,
PlOX
Rev. F. A. Doane
! Morning — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even- <S
i ing — Sermon and Instruction by the rector, 4
| Morning-— Services at 11. Evening— Praise 4.
I service; special music. <i
Morning— "The Soul's Food." Evening— <S
"The Spanish American Peace Commls- 4.
sion." <£
Morning— Quarterly communion and recep- <8
tlon of new members. Evening— "An Un- 4
developed Country"; special music. ■$
Howard Presbyterian,
streets.
Oak
and
Rev. F. R. Farrand
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church, Guerrero
street, near Twenty-third.
Rev. W.
. "■■ -■■• ■:.)! .-.-.-;- . :,-.X - : - ::>. . ,,. \
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ater streets.
Rev. 8. 6. Cryor
■
1
I HAIiE'S.
misses' Jacket In two-toned boucle cloth, red
• and black, brown and black, green and
black, box front, lined throughout with
changeable serge silk, sizes 14 <C^ 00
to 20 C»Utl/V
ladles' boucle jacket, 24 inehea long, lined
throughout with satin rhadarae, trimmed
with Kersey applique, front and back,
sleeves capped, sizes 32 to «£(i Of)
ladles' cutaway single breasted wliip cord
jacket, velvet collar, tailor stitched, lined
with fancy plaid throughout, Cr ff* R/\
sizes 34 to 38 «J>lVf««JVf
ladies' jacket, extra quality Kersey, in royal
blue, green and brown, tailor made, trimmed
with fancy soutache braid, box front, lined
with serge silk throughout. <£ I£* *7 PZ
sizes 32 to 38 «J>"IO« C O
ladies' navy blue Kersey jacket, box front,
newest sleeves, trimmed with elegant bou-
tache braid on sleeves, front and back; the
lining is of rich shades of evening silk,
tailor finished, with velvet COtJ Aft
collar <t>-4t>tl/U
fancy colored applique trimming, rich autumnal
shades on a filmy delicate foundation,
width % to l\b inches, from <CQ AA
3Oc to tyjSinKJXJ
Yard.
fancy mohair and silk dress trimmings, black,
from % to 1 inch wide, from 7tcOC/»
hand made mohair and silk trimming, colored
and black, % to 2 inches wide, (TO PZ.{\
25c to „ tJ>-4«OU
Yard,
black bead and spangle nets, CTfi f\f\
from J51.n0 to «j)O»l/vr
Yard
velvet belting, in blue, purple, black, fi fir*
Yard
black velvet belting, 1% inches wide, C*f\/^
25c to Out
- , Yard
black mohair astrachan cloth bands, De;/>
% to 3 inches wide, 20c to Out
Yard
pearl bead edging and bands. -•"•<* <£ 1 ezi\
to OI»oU
Yard
pearl be*d and spangle yokes, fancy dress
fronts, very rich, 93 to it 1 O f\f\
I HA.L.E'S.
ladles" black cotton fleeced hose, extra heavy
quality, double fleeced, high spliced O^/-»
heels, double soles and toes ZOv
pair, .
ladies' black fleeced cotton hose, made of fine
maco cotton, heavy weight, closely fleeced
hiph spliced heels, double soles QOi>-J
and toes OOaC
ladies' ecru cotton vest, high neck. long
sleeves, made of fine Egyptian cotton, heavy
quality, . Jersey ribbed and fleeced, silk
■ crochet neck and front, pants to O /-»
match Ot/C
garment.
ladies' natural gray wool mixed underwear,
plain and shaped shirts, high neck, long
sleeves, silk bound neck and front, (SZf\s-*
pants to match UvC
garment.
ladies' natural gray, scarlet and white lamb's
wool underwear, heavy quality, plain and
shaped shirts, silk bound neck and front,
high neck, long sleeves, pants fir 1 4~k/~k
to match .* tJ>I»UU
garment.
a snap in veilings— 4soo yards all silk
Tuxedo and French net veil- iff-
ing, both plain and dotted.. I3C
Russian, Tuxedo, fishnet and Brussels
net, in plain and dotted, OC^
large variety a3L
the "Admiral Dewey," one of the ex-
treme Eastern novelties, of all silk
• Brussels net, embroidered dots and
borders, colors navy, tan oe.
gray, brown and black «33C
black Chantilly lace, nothing richer this
season, all silk, black Chantilly
4% to 8% inches wide, per Or,,
yard -Jt
these with other strong inducements
will be shown in fancy department this
week.
| JtL&Xi-U'S.
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®(i
Bush Street Temple, Rush street, near
Lag-una. Rabbi Myers. Morning — Cel
ebration in honor of the Jewish feast
of the tabernacles; sermon by Rabbi
Myers on the Four Types of Jew- "
First Unitarian. Geary and Franklin
streets. Rev. Dr. Stebbins. Morning
—Sunday school at in o'clock; morning:
service at 11. Evening— There Is no
evening service in this churcn.
Second Unitarian. Twentieth and Capp
streets. Rev. A. .1. \Vel!s. Morning—
"The Gifts of God." by the rector
Evening— "The Control of the Highest
Motives."
First Church of Christ. Scientist. 223
Sutter street. The Bible and Science
and Health, With Key to the Scrip
tures. Morning— "The Doctrine of
Atonement." Evening— "Reformation
of Judah."
Y. M. C. A.. Ellis and Mason streets.
Dr. Jefferson. 3 p. m.— Lecture by Dr.
Jefferson. Dean of the Berkeley Bible
Seminary, on "The Book of Mark."
The average walking pace of a healtl
man or woman is said to bo seventy-fi
steps a minute.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stories High
The beauty of metal beds
is only exceeded by their
durability,and their cheap-
ness. A carload just in,
comprising a- full line, in
white enamel, blue, gold,
olive and green '■ effects.
The one shown in cut is
in white enamel, with
brass trimmings. ...... $275 .
Hungarian table, for the parlor. Scal-
loped top 24x24, and shelf. Brass
claw feet. A handsome design . .$1.45
Ladies' Writing Desk in Solid Oak
or.M?hogany finish, I : polished; a bit of
carving; ample pigeon holes; folding
leaf for easy writing r...:.;..^.....; $5,00
Mahogany sofa, highly polished,
with inlaid frame back. Upholstered
in satin tapestry, varied designs and
colors. Full spring seat ...... $15.00
CABPET DEPARTMENT '■
; Moving carpets into the new annex
is a big job. All we sell of stock on
the shelves will save the -work of
moving.
.J That's why you can save something
this week on any carpet you wish.
th J fn S a floo . r 2 n < a ha stacked to
the ceiling with ' rfew Patterns- and
bright colors in every good grade and
weave. .
Free delivery. Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley
M. FRIEDMAN £ CO.
<v 233 to 237 Post Street
Open evening, Near Stockton