VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 140.
THE NATION'S VOICE
FOR WAR WITH SPAIN
SPANIARDS FEEL
CUBA IS LOST
TO THEM NOW
They Will Not Surrender Their
Hold Upon the Island With- |
out a Hard Fight.
■ .^t^.!. IBM. by James Gordon Bennett.
MALRID, April 18.— All eyes are
directed toward Washington to-day.
It is felt that the Cuban question has
entered upon its last stage, and that
the chance for a peaceful solution is
a very slender one. namely, whether
the House stands firm and keeps to
its non-committal attitude or allows
itself to be influenced by the example
of the Senate.
The way this nation regards the
question is shown by the fact that
now the resolution of the House is
felt still to leave a loophole for a
peaceful settlement, whereas only a
short time ago such a resolution
would have been looked upon as
equivalent to a declaration of war.
This change in sentiment has been
further helped by the speeches of
Senators Wellington and White.
There is really no bellicose feeling
here in administration circles.
Neither is the feeling a sullen one
in bowing to the inevitable. It
seems, however, to be felt that war is
being forced on the country, and that
it could not be avoided, no matter
what sacrifices were made.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Tuesday, with fog
in the morning; fresh westerly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 60 degrees
Portland 54 degrees
Los Angeles 70 degrees
San Diego 62 degrees
Sacramento 82 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Congress Declares for War.
Spain Sees Cuba Already Lost **"
SECOND PAGE.
Marines to Lead Invaders.
Troops Ready to Move.
New Squadron for Defense.
Spain's Work in Cuba.
THIRD PAGE.
Congress Will Set Cuba Free.
Riots Occur in Porto Rico.
FOURTH PAGE.
The Deadlock of the Finlgans.
San Rafael Flower Show.
Burled by Caving Earth.
Church Work In Early Days.
Veterans Take Nevada City.
Bring Gold From Dawaon.
FIFTH PAGE.
New Army Hill to Pass.
Eastern Baseball Games.
Racing at Ingleslde.
Supervisors Do Not Limit Racing.
Editorial. SIXTH PAGE -
Congress Has Spoken.
Remember the Maine.
Democratic Governors.
An Evident Misconception
The Yellow Ingalls.
The Telelectroscope.
Answers to Correspondents.
Why the Bulletin Was Angry.
. SEVENTH PAGE.
Meeting of the Ministers.
Plans for the Masonic Home.
News From Across the Bay.
NINTH PAGE.
Births, Marriages and Deaths
TENTH PAGE.
Sam Wall on Klondike Output
ELEVENTH PAGE.
Oakland Water Front Fight.
Why the Vigilant Was Not Bold
The Klamath Lumber Case.
Beer May Be a War Luxury.
TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
NINETEENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTIETH : PAGE.
Democrats Go to War.
New« Along the Water Front.
The San Francisco Call
SPANISH TORPEDO DESTROYERS UNDER SAIL.
SPANISH FLEET
STRIPS FOR ACTION.
ST. VINCENT. Cape Verde Is
lands, April 18. — Should war be
declared the Spanish fleet, con
sisting of the cruisers Cristobal
Colon and Infanta Maria Teresa,
the torpedo-boat destroyers Ter
ror, Pluton, Ariete, Rayor and
Azor, now anchored in this har
bor, will leave at once for Cuba.
On all the ships the utmost rest
lessness prevails among officers
and men, because of the uncer
tainty as to the time for action.
No shore leave is being granted
to any man on the ships, as it is
expected that word to move may
come at any moment.
The cruisers Vizcaya and Al
mirante Oquendo, which sailed
from Porto Rico, are expected to
join the fleet here by Wednes
day.
The vessels here now are
stripped for action and ready to
sail at a moment's notice. The
Spanish transport San Francisco
arrived here this afternoon, hav
ing on board a cargo of coal in
tended for the Spanish squadron.
Every one appears to realize that
Spain's actual hold on Cuba is lost,
but at the same time the people are
united in a determination to cling to
the sentimental bond that still ex-
ists between the mother country and
the island. Ido not think any one
really hopes to keep that bond intact
should war break out, but all are
determined to make the victory of
the Americans a dearly purchased
one.
A Spaniard, who has large inter
ests in Cuba, said to me to-day: "I
hold that the Government ought to
give Cuba the broadest liberty, but
I would fight heart and soul against
giving up the nominal hold on the
island. If war comes, you may bo
sure it will not be a short one. Not
only will you have our forces and
the loyal Cubans to fight against—
, both bodies acclimatized and inured
to hardship— but you will also have
to contend with the natural difficul
ties of the place, with the rainy sea
son that will shortly begin and with
the fever that is epidemic there."
There were renewed disturbances
| at Valencia yesterday in which the
women participated. Before order
was restoreu the gendarmes were
compelled to make two charges upon
the mob.
Although Sunday morning passed
quietly at Barcelona, there was a
demonstration last evening when the
crowds which gathered in front of
the newspaper offices read the latest
announcements of the action taken
by the United States Senate in re
gard to Cuba. After it became
knovni that the Senate had adopted
a resolution favoring the recognition
of the. present Cuban insurgent (*ov
ernment, there was a scene of the
greatest excitement, and patriotic
shouts were raised on all sides.
When tha students neard the news,
on leaving the theaters, the pa
SAN ERANCISCO, TUESDAY, APRIL. 19, 1898 — TWENTY PAGES.
DON MANUEL SOMOZA,
Commander of the Torpedo-boat
Arlete.
DON CLAUDIO AL
VARGONZALEZ,
Com m ander of i he Tor
pedo-boai Azor.
DON FRANCISCO be la ROCHA.
Commander of the Torpedo-destroyer
Tirror.
THE CHIEF AND COMMANDERS OF THE FIRST SPANISH TORPEDO SQUADRON.
(From Picture Juil Received by Tauzy & Co , Post Street.)
raded the streets, cheering for Spain
and made an attempt to reach the
United States consulate. The au
thorities, however, had taken precau
tions, and the students and others
who took part in the disturbance
were dispersed.
The report is that Spain has pro
posed a loan to leading financial
houses, including the Rofhschiids,
asking the sum named on the secur
ity of the Almaden mines. The
Rothschilds decline to confirm or
deny the rumor.
DYNAMITE ROMB
AT A CUBAN CHURCH.
An Explosion Causes the Death of
Three Persons and Serious In
jury to Others.
Copyrighted. 189S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 18.— Latest advices
from Alfonso Doce are that the explo
sion of a dynamite bomb took place at
the Church of San Francisco de Paula
at 8 o'clock last night. It occurred at
the main entrance. Those killed were:
Jose Larino, sacristan. and Tuan
Growcs. Ramon Fondora, a child,
was so seriously injured that he died
soon after. Pedro Dago, a policeman,
and Luis Perez, child, were also
wounded.
The usually peaceful neighborhood
was terribly frightened by the noise of
the explosion and people- crowded
about the scene, stupefied at the first
sight of the mangled bodies and de
struction wrought.
The church doors were smashed to
pieces, and also several images. The
explosion greatly damaged the main
wall of the church. The windows and
glass in the doors of the house of Dr.
Fucntes in Adams street, near the
church, were blown out.
The whole community is denouncing
with the greatest indignation the per
petrators of this horrible crime.
MADE SPECIAL AID
TO SECRETARY ALGER.
PHILADELPHIA, April IS.—Presi
dent Frank Thompson of the Perm
DON FRANCISCO ARDERIUS
Adjutam-Seoretary of the
Chief of the bquadron.
DON FERNANDO VILLAMIL,
Chief of the Squadron.
EXACTLY THE SAME AS
A DECLARATION OF WAR
WASHINGTON, April 18. — The resolutions as agreed on by
both houses of Congress are as follows:
Resolved, By the Senate and House of Represantatives of the
United States of America in Congress assembled —
First — That the people of the island of Cuba are and of
right ought to be free and independent.
Second — That it is the duty of the United States to demand,
and the Government of the United States does hereby demand,
that the Government of Spain at once relinquish its authority and
government in the is/and of Cuba and withdraw its land and
naval forces from Cuba and Cuban waters.
Third — That the President of the United States be and he
hereby is directed and empowered to use the entire land and na
val forces of the United States, and to call into actual service of
the United States the militia of the several States to the extent
as may be necessary to carry this resolution into effect.
Fourth — That the United States hereby disclaims any dispo
sition or intention to exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or control
over said island except for the pacification therof, and asserts its
determination when that is accomplished to leave the government
and control of tho is/and to its people.
RIOTING AT MALAGA
LONDON. April 19.— A dis
patch to the Daily Telegraph
from Gibraltar says: A tele
gram received there from Malaga
reports a resumption of the riots
at Malaga on Monday, and that
the American Consul's negro
servant was killed and persons
in the crowd were injured.
6ylvania Railr .id has besn called upon
to act as special aid Co Secretary of
War Alper and in this capacity will
take charge of tho transportation
branch o£ the military service in the
CONGRESS ORDERS
THE PRESIDENT TO
Mandatory Resolutions That Will Set in
Motion at Once the Armed Force
of the United States.
DON ANTONIO RIZO,
Commander of tho Torpedo-boat
Rlzo.
DON PEDRO VAZQUEZ,
Commander of the Torpedo-de
stroyer Pmton.
event of active hostilities. The selec
tion of President Thompson for this
duty has been favorably commented
upon in view of his experience during
I the civil war as assistant to the then
Assistant Secretary of War, Thomas A
Scott, with duties similar to those at
present entrusted to him.
Infantry on the Move.
OMAHA, April 18.— It was nearly 5
o'clock this afternoon before the trains
bearing the Twenty-second Infantry
grot away from Fort Crook. The troops
at Forts Robinson and Niobrura will
take tho trains to-morrow. The Rock
Island nan tho contract for moving tho
Infantry from Forte Sill and Rono and
will have* ltd trains rendy to bo loaded
on Tuesday morning. The eontraetn for
moving the cavalry from these points
and the Infantry from Fort Logan have
not yet been let.
The Dons Know They Will Lose
Cuba, but Are Prepared to
Make a Bitter Fight.
NEW YORK, April 18.—
The Herald's Washington cor
respondent telegraphs: War it
is to be so far as Congress is
concerned. The die has been
cast. With the final action of
Congress, adopting the Turpie
resolution, making it manda
tory upon the President to
demand of Spain the with
drawal at once of her forces
and authority from Cuba, and
to use the United States land
and naval forces to accomplish
this result in case Spain re
fuses to comply with the
demand, there seems no es
cape from war.
It is practically
equivalent to a formal
declaration of war.
DON DIEGO CAIVLIER,
Commander of tht> Torpedo-de
stroyer Kiiror.
Congress has gone further
than the President desired
He preferred the House reso
lution. This would have giv
en him an opportunity for
further negotiations before
adopting the extreme course
of using the military and na
val forces to end Spain's mis
rule in Cuba.
The only possible escape
now from war would be a
treaty of peace between Go
mez and the three Spanish
Peace Commissioners report
ed to have left Havana yes
terday, and this no one here
seriously considers possible.
The final resolution leaves the
President no other alternative
than war.
Most objectionable
as it is to the Presi
dent he will sign it, be
cause he appreciates
that Congress is the
war making power
and that it is his duty
to carry out the will
of the people as ex
pressed by Congress.
so long as that body does
not encroach upon his consti
tutional prerogatives.
Having left out the provi
sion requiring the recognition
of the present so-cal.ed re-
public of Cuba the President
He will follow that body
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
GLASS TO HAVE
THE CHARLESTON.
NEW YORK, April 18.— A
Washington special to the Her
ald says: The first officers as
signed to duty with the cruisers
Newark and the Charleston, re
pairs to which are being pushed
at the Norfolk and Mare Island
navy yards respectively, are
Lieutenant-Commander W. H.
Turner, who will be executive
officer cf the former vessel, and
Lieutenant-Commander G. Elock
ing-er, who will have the same
position on the Charleston.
It is practically decided that
Captain Henry Glass, captain
of the Mare Island Navy Yard,
will be placed in command of the
Charleston.
The Newark is a prize for
which several officers ranking as
captain are struggling. No de
cision was reported up to the
close of office hours to-night as
to who will have command of
this vessel.
considers that the declarations
in the resolutions are clearly
within the province of Con
gress, and that as the respon
sibility for war rests upon that
body he will carry out its
declaration to the letter.
Under the terms of the^
resolution he is first required
to demand that the Govern
ernment of Spain at once re
linquish its authority and
withdraw its land and naval
forces from Cuba and Cuban
waters.
It is expected that he
will immediately ap
prove of the resolu
tion, and a note will be
drafted at
row's Cabinet meet
ing which will bs in
the form of an ulti
matum.
This will be cabled at ojice
to Minister Woodford and a
copy furnished to the Spanish
Minister of this city, together
with a copy of the text of the
resolution passed by Con
gress.
Hardly any person
anticipates for a mo
ment that Spain will
comply with the de
mands which the
[President will be
forced to 'make.
Certainly no member of the Ad
ministration expects any such result.
On the contrary, the authorities ara2
SQUADRON TO
PROTECT THE
COAST CITIES
Corr)n)odore hjowell Will Con)n)and
Cruisers to Be Used as a
Patrol.
NEW YORK, April IS.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
Thi- seaports of the Atlantic coast of the United Statesareto be protected
third squadron formed to-day by orders issued by Secretary Long.
This Bquadron has been officially designated "The Patrol Squadron,"
and Its commander-in-chief will be Commodore J. A. Howell, former
ly commander-in-chief of the European station. The cities of the coast
which will be provided with protection by this force may thank Captain
A. S. Crowninshield, Chief of the Bureau of Navigation, for its forma-
Lfi it was he that bo strongly urged upon the department theneces-
Bity of keeping Cjmrnodore Howell afloat with a command which
would enable him to prevent any cruisers of the Spanish navyattempt
destroy property along the coast. The final decision to organize
a licet was reached at a conference between the Secretary and his
Chief of Bureau of Navigation to-day, although it has been a matter
of considei ission for several days.
It is understood thai the cruisor San Francisco will be retained as
hi;.. l::.1 that other vessels which will be as
l to In- command will be the auxiliary cruisers Yosemite, Prairie,
, Dixie. On account of the necessity of converting these
it will In? impossible for Commodore Howell to collect his fleet
weeks. As soon as it is formed it will be the duty of the
r-in-chief to do as the official name of his squadron indi
patrol the coast and be ready to strike an enemy the moment
hed to him that a vessel flying the yellow and red
flag of Spain is nearing port for the purpose of attack.
What will probably be a matter of no small interest and import
ta "f New York is the fact that New York is recognized
us the headquarters of the squadron. One reason why officials do not
desire to send the squadron south with Commodore Howell in com
mand is the fact that his rank is senior to that of Commodore W. S.
Bchley, commander-in-chief of the flying squadron, which is at Hamp
ton Roads, and of Captain W. T. Sampson, commander-in-chief of the
North Atlantic Bquadron, stationed at Key West.
The formation of the patrol squadron is indicative of the purpose
of tin- nt to employ the North Atlantic and flying squadrons
solely for offensive purposes. Essentially a home squadron will be
Commodore Howell's force.
As the Herald stated, four naval militia organizations will be or
dered to duty on board the auxiliary cruisers as soon as war breaks
ons to tins effect have been sent to the militia selected.
New York naval militia will man the Prairie, which will be commandedby
;. ■ i- T. '""iiin; Massachusetts militia, the Yankee, command
ed by Commander W. B. Brownson; Maryland militia, the Dixie, com
manded by Commander C. H. Davis; and Michigan militia, the Yo-
Bemite, commanded by Commander W. H. Emory.
fully convinced that Spain will
bluntly and indignantly spurn the
proposition, if she does not go fur
ther at once and formally declare
war.
The Spanish Cortes Is to meet on
Wednesday. By that time Spain
will have the ultimatum of this coun
try. It is confidently expected that
the Cortes will at once respond with
an appropriation for carrying on the
war. This will bring the United
States face to face with the alterna
tive in the resolution requiring the
President to use the entire land and
naval forces and to call the militia
into service for the purpose of driv
ing Spain from the island.
It is true that the President is not
bound to any specific time within
which to comply with this provision
of the resolution, but the act clearly
implies that Spanish sovereignty
over the island must end at once.
Unless, therefore, the unexpected
happens, the President's plans for
forcible intervention ought to be put
into practical effect within a week or
ten days, if not earlier.
I was assured by a
member of the admin
istration to=ni£ht that
the naval forces would
be on the move in less
than a week.
It remains to be seen, however,
•whether any further action will be
taken than the blockade of the ports
of Cuba and Porto Rico within that
time.
Although the authorities had had
every reason to believe Congress
would authorize forcible interven
tion, it is nevertheless true that they
have not fully determined upon all
the details of the campaign or as to
the time when military and naval
operations will actually commence.
There is a difference of opinion among
military and naval authorities about
the time for landing the army of oc
cupation on the island of Cuba. The
original plan of the President when
he first recommended forcible inter
vention contemplated the dispatch-
Ing of several vessels laden with re
lief supplies for the suffering Cubans,
under convoy of an American fleet.
This is still, In part, the programme,
but the question of landing a large
body cf troops to successfully cope
v/ith the Spanish forces on the island
is now involved. This point has not
as yet been settled. In the first
place, the army is not prepared for
the immediate occupation of Cuba.
Borne of the military leaders insist
that we should not send less than
100.000 men to Cuba, and that as it
will take at least six weeks, if not
two months, within which to thor
oughly organize and equip an army
for service in Cuba, it will be better
to postpone active military operations
In the island until October. The
damage to an army from yellow fev
er, if landed in the island in the
midst of the rainy season, is a mat
ter causing serious concern to the au
thorities. They realize, however,
that Congress, by its action to-day,
has forced the President to act at
once, and. as war is no respecter of
time and conditions, we may be com
pelled to iand our men in Cuba in
the midst of the rainy season, no
matter what the consequences may
be.
General Lee -wants the President
to act at once. He talks as though
It would be merely child's play to
land an army of twenty or thirty
thousand men in Cuba after our ships
have silenced the fortifications in
Havana with our great guns, and
this force will be able to complete
ly rout the Spanish soldiers from the
Island and return to this country be
fore yellow fever sets in.
This, however, is an optimistic
view which is not shared by the mili
tary authorities. One of the plans
of campaign prepared by the War
Department contemplates the block- :
ading of the ports of Cuba by our i
naval vessels and the dispatching of
munitions of war and food supplies
to the insurgents, in order that Gen
eral Gomez and his men might keep
up the war against the Spanish sol- |
diers until autumn, when an army
could be landed from this country
and peace, consequently, restored
without endangering the lives of the |
soldiers from disease.
These are matters still to be con
sidered by the authorities before
definite decision is reached as to the !
time for the occupation of Cuba. In
any event, all the authorities agree
that it will be impossible to get an
army fully organized and equipped
and transported to Cuba within less
than a month or six weeks.
Congress is still to act on the army
bill, which will bring the regular
army up to a strength of 40,000 men, |
; and the National Guard bill, giving
the President authority for organiz- i
ing military forces to a strength suf
ficient for the purpose in view. The
navy is in much Letter condition for
immediate service. In fact, our fleets
are in such condition that they could
, sail at once, and, indeed, it is under
stood that the navy will, in a very
few days, begin operations.
KEY WEST AND PUNTA
RASSA CABLE CUT.
Seemingly the Work of Some
Enemy of the United States
Government.
KEY WEST, Fla., April 18.— It WU
learned to-day that the cable between
Key West and Punta Rassa had been
cut about two miles this side of Saibel
Island, about 117 miles from Key
West. The matter was kept secret
and the break has been repaired. The
; incident looked suspicious, as the bro
ken end of the cable showed that it had
| been cut clean through, though the
rupture might have been accidental, as
! the water is shallow where the break
; occurred and the anchor of some yes
; sel may have become entangled in the
i cable.
Captain Sampson learned of it to-day
; and wired the Navy Department at
I Washington. It has been decided to
, establish a careful guard in those
i waters and any suspicious craft will be
■ summarily deaJt with. The revenue
I cutter McLean has already been sent
i on patrol there. The matter is of the
i utmost importance as the cables be
| tween here and Punta Rassa are the
. only communication with the mainland
I and if it were interfered with at this
! time the consequences could not be
! foretold.
BUTCHER WEYLER MAY
COMMAND IN CUBA.
Madrid Newspapers Outspoken, in
the Belief That He Will Bo
Appointed.
LONDON, April 18.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the 'Daily Telegraph
says: Several influential and out
spoken journals believe that in the
event of war Lieutonant-General Wey
ler will be placed in chief command of
Cuba. I learn a member of the Cortes
intends to make a proposal in that I
sense, but it is questionable whether it !
has any hope of success.
It is possible that an attempt will be '
made when the Cortes meets to replace :
the present Cabinet by a more ener-
Ketic administration in order that the
conduct of the war may be in stronger
hands.
FANATICAL SPANIARD
ARRESTED AT SEATTLE.
SEATTLE. April 18.— Fernando Isle,
a fanatical young Spaniard, who has
has been hovering around the new Gov
ernment torpedo-boat Rowan, was ar
rested to-day and will be given a hear
ing as to his sanity. It was feared that
he intended doing damage to the new
war vessel.
Isle is a stranger in the city and re
fuses to say whence he came. He de
clares that he has been employed by
the Spanish Government to assist in
the destruction of the entire navy of
I the United States. It is thought at the
i shipyards that the man Is insane.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
INFANTRY AND
ARTILLERY READY
All Arrangements Made for the Trans
portation of tr;e Regulars to New
Orleans and ChicKamauga.
The forward movement of the troops
from the Presidio will begin to-day.
Orders issued yesterday by General
Shafter direct that the train carrying
the light batteries of the Third Artil
lery shall leave the Ookland mole at 5
p. m. to-day. The artillerymen are un
der orders to commence loading their
baggage at 7 o'clock this morning. The
field guns, caissons and battery equip
ment genez-ally will be placed aboard
the cars at Kings-street platform.
When the work of loading is completed
the men will form and march to the
ferry landing at the foot of MJa>*ket
street.
The infantry column, under command
of Colonel Evan Miles, First Infantry,
will leave the Presidio for New Or
leans to-morrow afternoon. The exact
time of departure may be announced
to the public to-morrow morning. The
route of march will be along Lombard
street from the reservation to Van
Ness avenue, along Van Ness to Golden
Gate avenue and along" the latter ave
nue to Market street and down Market
to the ferry. The same line of inarch
is prescribed for the artillery leaving
to-day.
The light artillery battalion leaving
San Francisco to-day for Chickamauga
Park, near Chattanooga, will be com
manded by Captain Ramsay D. P<>Us,
Light Battery F. He will be accom
panied by First Lieutenant John P.
Hams and Second Lieutenant E. P.
O'Hern. Light Battery C will be com
manded by Captain Joseph M. Califf.
He will be accompanied by First
Lieutenant Archibald Campbell and
Second Lieutenant R. P. Gardner.
At least once in every twenty-four
hours the command will , ause to en
able the artillerymen to water and
groom their horses. The trip to Chat
tanooga may therefore occupy six days
time.
Light Battery C is the old organiza
tion of Mexican war fame. It was com
manded by captain t>ragg. When the
battle of Buena Vista was hottest Gen
eral Zachary Taylor rode over to the
guns and gave the order which history
quotes as "A little more grape. Captain
Bragg." What the general really did
say was "Give 'em h—ll,h — 11, Captain
Bragg."
Yesterday Lieutenant Colonel Wal
lace F. Randolph, Third Artillery, re
ceived telegraphic advices from the
Secretary of \\ ar that an order assign
ing him to a command at Chickamauga
had been issued several days ago. It
4s now known that a very Important
command has been given to Colonel
Randolph. It is the judgment of army
officers who keep well posted that
Colonel Rondolph will have command
of all the light batteries of the First,
Second, Third, Fourth and Fifth Ar
tillery Regiments. Before he was pro
moted to the grade of lieutenant colonel
he was in command of the light artil
lery battalion at Fort Riley, Kan.
Colonel Randolph is an officer of re
nown. He has a brilliant record for
heroism on the field of battle and is
recognized as one of the ablest and
most progressive artillery officers in the
service.
The following officers and civilian
employes will leave Thursday night on
the Sunset Limited for New Orleans:
Brigadier-General William R. Shatter.
U. S. A.; Colonel Charles P. Eagan, as
sistant commissary general of subsist
ence; Lieutenant-Colonel John R. Bab
cock, assistant adjutant-general; Major
Stephen W. Groesbeck, judge advocate;
First Lieutenant Frank Greene, Signal
Corps; First Lieutenant Robert H. No
ble, First Infantry, aid; First Lieuten
ant John D. Miley, Fifth Artillery, aid;
Augustus Vibart, clerk, adjutant-gene
ral's department; Bronson L. McClel
land, clerk, adjutant-general's depart
ment, William Armstrong, clerk, adju
tant-general's department; John E.
Waters, clerk, subsistence department;
George 8011, messenger, adjutant-gene
ral's department; William C. Tremaine,
messenger, adjutant-general's depart
ment.
The quartermaster of the department,
accompanied by his chief clerk, leave
this morning in advance of thf troops
to arrange camp grounds for the eicht
regiments of infantry that are to ren
dezvous there, in compliance with the
following order:
"Pursuant of Instructions from the
War Department, Colonel James M.
Moore, assistant quartermaster-general,
and Joseph J. Bliss, chief clerk, quar
termaster's department, will proceed,
without delay, to New Orleans, Louis
iana, for temporary duty.
"First-Class Sergeant Charles O.
Hastings and Sergeant Harry W. '^ap
ron, Signal Corps, will proceed to New
Orleans. Louisiana, and therr* report to
First Lieutenant Frank Greene, Signal
Corps.
"The flying telegraph train and
equipment pertaining to this depart
Commanders of Light Batteries C and F, Third Artillery, U. S. A.,
Captain Potts Being in Charge of the Battalion.
ment will accompany the troops to
New Orleans, Louisiana, and the sig
nal officer of the department will see
that the necessary arrangements are
made for turning it over to the quar
termaster's department for shipment
with the First infaiitr- "
Major Edward Field, artillery in
spector of the department of California,
will act as assistant adjutant-general
during the absence or Lieutenant-
Colonel John B. Babcock, • who goes
with General Shafter as adjutant-gene
ral in the field.
General Merriam, who is to tempo
rarily command the department of Cal
ifornia during the absence of General
Shafter, will arrive this morning to as
sume command. He will probably re
main in San Francisco till the Cuban
trouble is settled.
Lieutenant-Colonel Henry W. Law
ton, Inspector-General's Department,
United States Army, has been assigned
to duty as inspector-general of the de
partment of California. It is rumored
a 1 headquarters that Colonel George H.
Burton, Inspector-General for the Pa
dflc district, has been assigned to duty
in Chicago.
The Southern Pacific Company has
secured the contract for transporting
the troops from this city to New Or
leans and Chickamauga Park. Bids
were opened by the department quar
termaster, Colonel Moore, yesterday at
noon, and it was found that the bid
of the Southern Pacific Company was
at least $5 lower than that of any of
the others on the rate for the men,
while its bid for the freight was near
ly up to the regular tariff.
The Southern Pacific, Union Pacific,
Rio Grande arid Western and the Mis
souri Pacific were the only bidders.
As near as could be figured out the bid
of the Southern Pacific was $40 a man
and $2MJ a car for freight; the figures
from the other roads were about $45
a man and regular rates for freight. In
addition to its rales the Southern Pa
cific promised a schedule of ninety-one
hours to New Orleans and fifteen hours
from there to Chickamauga. C. J.
Wilder represented the Southern Pa
cific at the opening of the bids, D. W.
Hitchcock and E. M. Shoemaker the
Union Pacific, W. H. Snedaker the Rio
Grande and Western and L. M.
Fletcher the Missouri Pacific.
The call far bids asked for trans
porting for 21 officers and 478 men for
New Orleans, and S officers and 150 men
for Chickamauga. Those for New
Orleans are the infantry companies and
the 150 for Chickamauga include two
batteries of light artillery.
The troops will be transported on
two trains, each run in two sections.
In the first train will be twenty-two
cars carrying the light batteries, and
in the second will be forty-eight cars
carrying the First Infantry. Tha men
for Ohickamauga will start first, and
the infantry will follow to-morrow. Thu
trains will be rushed through as fast
as possible.
There was no unusual commotion at
the Presidio last night. The men are
ready to march and eager for the con
flict. An infantryman said last even
ing: "If it were left to the vote of the
First Infantry whether we should have
war or not every man would vote for
a war. There has not been a single
desertion since the order came for the
regiment to go to the front. One man
who went away a few days ago had
to get out because he owed more money
than he could pay. Two that left some
time before* went to the Klondike. The
men arc weary of the monotony of life
in the barracks. They all want the
excitement and activity of a campaign
and will take the danger along with
the excitement. If the war scare should
blow over now several of the men
would Jump out for the Klondike at the
first opportunity. Now that there is
a chance of a lively campaign every
man wants to get to the front and see
what is going on."
The instruments of the First Infan
try Band are not packed away for
shipment, but will be carried to New
Orleans by the bandsmen. The band
will play tunes while marching through
Pan Francisco and one of the tunes
may be "Dixie," as the leader has had
a special request to play that tune
which is so dear to the Southern heart.
Several policies of life insurance have
been Issued to army officers who have
been ordered to the front. Yesterday
a prominent officer took out a policy
for $10,000. He said that no extra
premium was charged on account of
the war risk and that there was no
condition in the policy against his de
parture from the United States.
Lieutenant -Colonel Randolph, who
has been ordered to Chattanooga, will
gir with Genera] Shafter.
The following circular was issued
yesterday:
SAX FRANCISCO, April IS. IS9S.
To Principals— Ladies and GentlfniPn:
The occasion of the passing through the
city, en routo to New Orleans, of the
United Bt&tea troops, commanded by
General William K. Sharter, has been
deemed a fitting oiip to impart a lesson
of patriotism and love of country to the
children of our public schools, the men
and women of the future, now under our
care.
Further orders will be forwarded you
if time- permits, if otherwise, publicity
will be given through the daily press re
garding time of departure and line of
march. In the absence of further orders,
upon notice as above, you will assemble
your pupils along the route to be fol
lowed, displaying as far as possible all
flags belonging to your school and to the
separate classes thereof.
It might be well to request children hav
ing at home small flags which can be
carried in the hand to bring such flags
to school upon the first opportunity, so
as to be ready to march whenever the
occasion may demand.
(This must not be so construed as to
require the purchase of any flags or
bunting by the children.)
Particular efforts must bo made to in
sure the safety and comfort of ail pupils
under your charge. Very respectfully,
CHARLES L. BARRIXfiTON.
President of Board of Education.
Although there is really nothing for
the National Guard to do but wait,
still the time of waiting is not being
spent in idleness. There are prepara
tions going on all the time under the
surface that the rank and file know
nothing about. Ammunition Is being
brought to the city almost by the car
load and is being distributed among the
various commands and stored in out
of-the-way places ready to be brought
forth the minute it is wanted. There
are now in the city several hundred
thousand rounds, enough to last a long
campaign.
A conference was held yesterday be
tween Colonel Shafter, U. S. A., and
General Mckinson and General Bar
rett, N. G. C, and it is understood
that the principal subject of discussion
was the organization of light batteries
from the troops of the National Guard
and the furnishing of such troops with
modern high-power guns by the Gov
ernment. There is at present no light
artillery in the guard, and it is thought
to be a wise thing to supply the de
ficiency as soon as possible.
Major J. Wallace F. Diss, inspector
of the First Brigade of the National
Guard of California, arrived in the city
yesterday. When he goes to Salinas
and inspects Captain Burkes troon of
cavalry his to-ur of duty as inspector
will be finished. He finds the First
Brigade in fine condition.
Carlton W. Seeley, clerk in the money
order division of the Postoffice, and
Edward E. Harrison, mailing clerk,
have asked Postmaster Montague . for
a leave of absence until the close of the
expected war with Spain. Mr. Seeley
is a member of the First Regiment o*f
Infantry. N. G. C. Mr. Harrison served
In the artillery arm of the service iji
the regular army, and because of Ris
good record was allowed to resie-n be
fore the expiration of his term of ser
vice to accept a position in the Post
office. He is a well-drilled artillery
man and is the kind of man most
wanted by the Government in this
emergency.
MADRID LOOKS TO
M'KINLEY FOR DELAY.
Believes He Will Not at Once Sign
the Resolution Adopted by-
Congress.
MADRID, April 18.— El Correo (Min
isterial) says:
It is reported from Washington that
in the event of the Senate's resolu
tion prevailing President McKinley will
avail himself of his privilege of ten
days ere giving the resolution his ap
proval, provided he does not employ the
actual veto. Amid much excitement
the vote of war with Spain prevails in
Washington, but further delays will
probably occur, owing to parliamentary
routine or President McKinley's vacil
lation.
El Epoca (Conservative), discussing
the question of privateering, says:
Spain cannot be lawfully prevented by
Europe from employing the right, hav
ing reserved her liberty of action at
the time of the declaration of Paris.
ROUGH RIDERS^ FROM
THE ARIZONA RANGES.
PHOENIX, April IS.— Governor Mc-
Cord is deeply interested in the forma
tion of Colonel Brodie's regiment of
Arizona rough riders. To-day he tele
graphed the President as follows:
"I beg to remember that Arizona was
the first to offer to the Government a
regiment of cavalry recruited from the
cowboyi of the Southwest. The regi
ment can be ready for muster in u-n
days and will be an honor to the Terri
tory and to the nation. Please Rive
me authority to raise such a regiment
outside of our quota of volunteers to be
called for."
MARINES THE
FIRST TO LAND
ON CUBAN SOIL
Cruisers Panther and Badger to
Be Used as Transports for
the iQVadiQg Force.
NEW YORK, April 18.— A Washington special to the Herald says:
United tates marines will be the first body of American troops to at
tempt a landing on Cuban soil. In accordance with an order issued by
Secretary Long, the auxiliary cruiser Venezuela, renamed to-day the
Panther, and the Yumuri, which hereafter will be the Badger, have been
set aside for duty as marine transports. Colonel Charles Heywood,
commandant of marines, has directed the formation of a battalion,
which will be ordered at once to the Panther, and that vessel will pro
ceed, without delay, to Key West, where she will join the North Atlan
tic squadron. A second battalion will be transported to Key West by
the Badger. When Captain Sampson receives orders to attack Havana,
the Panther and the Badger will accompany the squadron, and the ma
rines aboard will effect a landing at such pc-int as may be deemed advis
able.
In order to form the battalion Colonel Heywood has been compelled
to draw on the Marine Guards now at the several navy yards, and
a second battalion will probably be formed from enlistments which he
will be authorized to make. The battalion to be transported by the
Panther will be commanded by Lieutenant-Colonel R. W. Hunting-ton.
It will comprise 415 men and about fifteen officers. Captain Charles Mc-
Cawley, assistant quartermaster, will accompany the battalion.
The action of the administration in giving the honor of making the
first attack to the navy and marine corps shows how much it is pro
posed to rely on the naval branch of the * .eminent service to carry
out the wishes of Congress. The army will support the navy and will
follow up any advantage that may be gained by the men-of-war a.-d the
marines.
I understand that the order of the department contemplates the
assignment of a guard of forty marines and one officer to each of the
auxiliary cruisers purchased by the Government.
AUTONOMIST
LIST CHOSEN
L,ist of Candidates for the
Colonial Govern
ment.
Spaniards at Havana Now
Declare They Are Eager
for War.
Bishop of Havana Has a Prolonged
and Som»what Significant Inter
• view With Blanco.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 18.— Yesterday the
autonomist committee of districts in
this city assembled to make up lists o.f
candidates for the colonial Govern
ment. Nicardel Campo, a Cuban au
tonomist, presented another list comp
osed of reformists, assuring that the
men it contained were the only ones
capable of standing a conflict between
Spain and the United States. The sec
ond list was rejected.
Merchant ships continue to arrive a3
usual. The Spanish steamers Santo
Domingo and Reina Maria Christina
arrived to-day from Mexico and Porto
Rico, and the American steamer City
of Washington from New York.
Despite the resolutions of the United
States Congress Havana continues
tranquil. Spaniards are filled with zeal
now that war is near. They are anxious
for an opportunity to fight. Insurgent
Chief Lima, heading ninety men, ap
proached Jaruco yesterday. Terry l^d
another party and attacked Cienfuegos
without success.
The Spanish gunboat Antonio Lopez
arrived this morning. The Spanish
cruiser Nuevo Espana sailed yesterday.
General Bernal arrived this morning
fnun Jibra on the steamer Morteza
with one battalion and an artillery
troop.
The Bishop of Havana visited General
Bianco this morning and held a long
conference, which is regarded as im
portant. General Blanco accompanied
him as far as the staircase, where both
stood speaking more than a quarter of
an hour.
A railroad culvert was blown up with
dynamite by the rebels on the line from
Cienfuegos to Villa Clara. Little dam
age was done. Repairs were made im
mediately.
A well-known Spanish journalist,
Eva Canel, arrived from Mexico to-day.
She belongs to the staff of a conserva
tive intransigeant paper, El Correo de la
Habana.
One submarine duct to-day was
placed to convey water from Vento
aqueduct to Cabanas fortress.
At this moment the arrival of a war
ship is announced.
PROTECTION FOR SANTA
CRUZ IN CASE OF WAR.
Governor Budd Promises to See That
the Seaside City Is Well
Guarded.
SANTA CRUZ, April IS.— While in
San Francisco Colonel W. H. Lamb,
Mayor-elect, had a consultation with
Governor Budd and General Dickinson
In reference to the protection of Santa
Cruz in case of war. Colonel Lamb
pointed out that the powder works
would be a *>oint of a. tack by the
enemy. Troops could be landed here
and march into San Jose and San
Francisco, making the protection of
San Francisco bay useless. Governor
Budd said he would immediately attend
to having a cruiser, torpedo-boat and
battery stationed here, as he recognized
the importance of this point during the
war.
Lieutenant Carl E. Lindsay of the
naval reserve was hnstily summoned to
San Francisco yesterday to consult
with officers of the naval battalion.
Child Injured by a Fall.
SALINAS. April 18.— The six-year-old
son of V. D. Black, while playing on a
lawn in front of his father's residence
this evening:, slipped and fell on an iron
fence surrounding the yard and burst an
artery In his nock. The wound is con
sidered dangerous if inflammation sets in.
Sold to Uncle Sam.
MONTREAL, April 18.— It is an
nounced that the Allen steamship Lu
cernine, of about 2000 tons, has been
Bold to the United States.
Order for Pack Mules.
ST. LOUIS, April 18.— A telegram
from Washington states that the War
Department has Just ordered the pur
chase of ISOO pack mules in addition to
the 1000 ordered last week.
Found Dead at Biggs.
BIGGS, April 18.— A small man about 35
years old was found dead In a vacant
warehouse at 4 o'clock this morning.
The Coroner's inquest adduced evidence
showing his name was John Buchanan,
alias "San Jose Shorty." Death was dv«
to natural causes.
! Are you trembling this morn-
ing? Did not sleep well last
night. Clammy sweats. Dis-
turbing dreams. Wish you
could avoid every one, don't
j you ? You do. And that
I shows a bad state of debilita-
M! tlon. You will get worse if
: you are not very careful.
| What should you do? Act
j sensibly. And there is no
j time for acting like to-day.
| It is not one bit sensible to
! throw up the sponge and
say, " I shall never be well
again." You can again be a
' man if you wish to be.
i _
Not but that you are to a
Ice am extent to blame for
your present condition —
are. But follies must be no
| reason for getting gloomy
j I and hopeless. One remedy
Rlfn" j | .for failing strength and man-
fail j| liness has been found. It is j
In ill j the hope of the hopeless. It ,-J
fIU I is "Hudyan." Weak backs
and weak limbs are unknown
j to those who use ' it. You •"^
; can learn all about it .from
! the Hudsonian physicians if
j you will take the trouble to
ask for free information. It
costs you not a sou.
Try to believe that what has
[ cured worse cases of a run-
down and depleted system
j than you have will surely help
you. Tell your story frankly
Till/ to the c ' octors of tn ' s great
II ¥ I Institute and life, strength,
I IV I I ; big manhood and perfect
111 ■ I health are yours. "Hudyan"
cures permanently. Full,
I warm blood is yours again,
and you act like a man in-
stead of being like a boy. As
i you are to-day, you are a
stunted and a weak mortal.
Feel the joy of perfect man-
hood once more.
Blood when tainted is danprerous to
existence. If you have any of the poi-
son in your system ask for "30-day
blood cure" circulars. They are as free
as air too. That cure does away with
all the ills that are Incidental to the
disease. It cures equally well in all
stages of the disease. All circulars, all
advice and all testimonials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
No deception practiced.
No .$lOO Reward.
ASK YOUR DRUGGIST
for a generous
10 CENT TRIAL SIZE.!
/butt m bsp&\
Ely's Cream balm
contains no cocaine, mercury nor any other in-
jurious drug. It opens and cleanses the Nasal
Passages. Allays Pain and Inflammation. Ileala
and Protects the Membrane. Restores the Sense*
of Taste and Smell. Is quickly absorbed. Give*
Relief at once. 50 cts. at I)rng£i»ts or by mail,
Trial Size 10 eta. at Dniesrists or by mail.
Xi T- "DrvtTDMxs m W»rr+n Street, New York
Wrist's Indian Viable Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cur»
SICK HEADACHE. GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach. Pimple*
and purify the blood.
Man's Specific liturf
With this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without th« least exposure, change of
diet or change In application to business. The
medicine contains nothing of the least. - Injury
to the constitution. Ask your druggist for It.
Price, $1 a bottle.
ICONGRESS AGREES TO SET CUBA FREE.
TOCSIN OF WAR
IS NOW SOUNDED
In Doing So the Senate Makes a Con=
cession to the House by Omitting
Recognition of Cuban Republic.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, April 19.
The tor-sin of war has been sounded |
by the American Congress. At 1:15
k this morning the Senate re- !
ceived the report of the conference !
of the two Houses of Con
en minutes afterward
ted it. There was a fight to
Lst minute, the advocates of the
'the nd pendence of the
i republic standing their ground
until they were fairly knocked down by
a vote of 4: to 35. The minority vote
W3S cast by those who wanted radical
action and insisted that the resolution
should carry with it recognition of the
if the Cuban republic.
: of the conference re-
Be one of the
• Interesting and tumultuous ses
- of the Senate held in years. Such
. on and excitement have
ed in the ordinarily
and dignified body as character
dings from noon yester
day until nearly 2 o'clock in the morn
n all other questions
Iwarfed into Insignificance by the
overwhelming question of war—
which all now regard to be abso-
Inevitable. Efforts were made to
the regular business of the
.• it was with the utmost dif
■ thai Senators performed the
those who remained up
•r while the sundry civil bill
■ sideration the confusion
■ that the business could
A feeling of bitterness grew up be
• ■ and House during the
and evening that at one!
■ to delay action.
■ ■ ■. . l( I, however,
an<l i ation of the momentous
•i v. as finally rea< hed.
Those who v >r recog
nition of the island republic early
te should not take
the initiative in requesting a confer
the two houses. They
furth ■! that w hen the i
ate co-nforees -.vere finally appointed at
least two of them should represent the
majority sentiment of the body. The
radical advocates of independence
slowly, bit none the less surely, lost
ground, lunvevvr, being swept back by
the powerful and compact minority op- j
posed to them. They yielded only after
the bitterest test in the Senate. i
Th«y capitulated, but did not surren- I
der. .Hundreds of brilliantly attired
women and men in evening dress filled
the galleries until the close of the pro
ceedings. When finally the verdict
came from the Conference Committee
there was a hush in the great chamber,
which a few seconds before had been
thrilling 1 with animation. When the
verdict had been rendered and ac
cepted by the Senate the great audi
ence dispersed, quietly— almost solemn
ly. All realized that the verdict meant
war, and the action was too momentous
to inspire anything 1 less than awe.
As soon as the decision of the House
became known in the Senate .the Senate
chamber became the scene of many ani
mated conferences. The leaders of the
Democrats. Populists and Silver Repub
licans got together and immediately the
word was passed around to non-concur
in the J louse amendment and not to
agrve to a conference, thus throwing the
responsibility for delay on he House.
At 1:35 p. m. the Republican Senators, i
with the exception of Wilson, who voted
originally to insert the Turpie resolution, ■
went into conference to decide upon a i
line of action, in Senator Quay's room.
Ton wore present; els Follows: Baker,
Chandler, Foraker, Gallinger, Mason,
Nelson; Pen rose, Perkins, Quay and j
Thurstor:. All decided to toil against
concurrence.
At 2:. Vi p. m. the message clerk of the
House of Representatives appeared in the
main entrance of the Senate with a
package of the bills and resolutions 'n
hand. Almost Immediately Vice-Presi- j
dent H'lbart, Interrupting the debate,
recognized the clerk. He presented to
the Senate several bills and resolutions
which had been passed by the House,
Including that relating to the interven
tion of the United States In the Cuban
rebellion.
The last was the resolution adopted by
the Senate on Saturday night and agreed
to to-day by the House, with certain
amendments. Scores of members of the
House were on the lloor awaiting the ac
tion of the Senate upon tile House
amendments, and although every Sena
tor at the Capitol was present ('handler
of New Hampshire noted the absence of
a quorum and demanded a call of the
roll.
The rollcall Indicated the presence of
seventy-five Senators. Davis, the distin
guished chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, requested that the mes-
F>age from the House concerning the !
Cuban resolution be laid before the Sen- i
ate. After the reading of the message
Davis addressed the Senate. The still
ness as he began to speak was profound.
He spoke clearly, but rapidly.
"In my great anxiety to secure speedy
action upon this question," he said, "ac- i
tion which I think ought to *be taken im
mediately, i have refrained from taking
part in the discussion up to this time.
The resolutions as they come to us, with
the exceptions which I shall note, prac
tically are thr> same as those which were
reported to the Senate by the Foreign
Relations Committee."
The exceptions noted by Davis were the
striking out of the words "and are" and
the provision in the Senate resolution pro
viding for the recognition of the present |
Cuban republic. Davis then said that the
whole subject had been tnoroughly de
bated. Meantime while the debate was
proceeding, the destruction of the Maine
had remained unchastised: mam- of tho i
recpneentrados in Cuba had died and i
differences and dissension had arisen here
as to the action which should be adopt
ed, lie said we had now a rived at a
point where by thoughtful, temperate
and reasonable action the entire matter
could be settled within twenty minutes
He maintained further t tvh $ v i io\nart" ' ouM
or would have the right to doubt that the ;
passage of the resolutions as sent to the
Senate would bring about the freedom < f
Cuba is well as the independence of its
Inhabitants, which bo many desir >d In
order that the President might settle -lie
question and. settle it now, he moved -hat
the Senate concur In the resolution of" tne
The motion had scarcely been entered
when cwart addressed the Senate
"It is true." said he. "that this question
can be settled Immediately, but it Is ne
cessary that it should be settled rightly
and it cannot be so settled until the free
dom and independence of the Cuban re
public are recognized."
Stewart yielded to Teller, who -aid
there was a very general desire for a vote
upon the message from tne House, and
appealed to the Senate to forego further
debate in order that a vote might be
taken.
Cries Of "Vote, vote," were heard from
all parts of the chamoer.
Chandler demanded the ayes and noes I
Davis" motion to concur in the House 1
anv-ndments was defeated, 32 to 40.
Davis then moved that the Senate In
sist upon its amendment to the House
SIGSBEE'S HEROISM
DULY RECOGNIZED.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— In
the Senate to-day Mason of Illi
nois presented and had referred
to the Naval Affairs Committee
the following concurrent resolu
tion:
"That the Senate of the Uni
ted States, the Ho-use of Repre
sentatives concurring therein,
extends to Captain Charles Sigs
bee a vote of thanks for the
courage, heroism and devotion
displayed by him upon the occa
sion of the terrible calamity
which befell his command in the
destruction of the United States
battle-ship Maine."
resolution and that the President of the
Senate appoint its conferees.
"Let the motion be divided," cried Dan
iel.
From the Democratic side of the cham
ber came- such expressions as "We ilon't
want a conference; let's settle this ques
tion right now. while we are at it, ' etc.
Hale of Maine said that he had never [
known in long experience in the Senate, |
when the two houses were at odds, a .
committee of conference to be refused.
Conferees were appointed in order that
the differences between the two Houses
might be dissolved and an agreement
reached satisfactory to both without in
flammatory speeches on the lioor of
1 either branch.
Eie maintained that it was the duty of
the Senate to appoint conferees to assem
mn conclave in an endeavor to.
adjust the diffi □ the two
lies of Congress. After briefly dls
• ntary status of the
resolutions Hale said that there was an
etermination here in the Senate
upon the part of the temporary majority
to dragoon everybody Into its way of
thinking. The proposition for a confer- j
was to be voted ii..wn, he declared,
and those in temporary majority who
; ii n demanding Immediate action |
would have to take tin- responsibility for
any delay that might now occur. He be
lieved the stern arbitrage of war would
be upon us. While the temporary
majority here could now control the sit
uation the whole country would under
stand that that majority was preventing
definite action upon the momentous •
tion at issue simply by standing out for |
the recognition of the independence of
the Cuban republic, a recognition which
all great lawyers (.f the Si aate, includ
ing Morgan of Alabama, had consist
ently and ably opposed. "We are tn favor
"■< speedy action," declared Hale. "De
eve that the time for action
has now come, and we are prepared to
submit the question of difference between
the two Houses to conferen
Without division the first part of Davis'
motion. Insisting upon tht Senate amend
, was passed.
Aldrich of Rhode Island, briefly ad
dressing tho Senate, snld he had never
known during his service in the s< i I
such a course as was proposed by the
majority to be insisted upon, and he !
thought the Senators in favor of that
ci urse ought to give some reason for the
position they had taken. It was per
fectly evident, Aklrieh said, that the ma- [
jority desired no action at all.
In reply Jones of Arkansas maintained :
that it was the part of the House to re
quest that a conference committee be ap
pointed, and thus far the House had not
asked for a conference.
The second part of Davis' motion, direct
ing th.- Vice-President to appoint the con
e, was thi n defeated.
The consideration of the sundry civil
bill was then resumed, Galllnger's amend
ment relating to the use of the steam
: es in the Bureau of Engraving and
Printing being agreed to.
During the consideration of the sundry
civil appropriation bill Allen took the |
to say that Hale had been mistaken when i
on last Saturday he had said that the
change of front on the part of certain
Senators on the Cuban question had been
due to the presence In the city of Hon.
TV". J. Bryan. He had interviews with
Mr. Bryan read to show that Bryan had |
supported all the movements looking to
the advancement of the American cause
In the Cuban situation.
An amendment was agreed to providing
that the commissioners to the Paris Ex
position should be of more than one
party; appropriating $50,000 for a building
■ Butte, Mont.; J50.000 for a building
at Fort Meade, S. I).
While the bill was still pending the
derk of the House of Representatives had
entered the chamber, and was awaiting
recognition. The derk presented to the
Senate the House's notification that the'
■ had Insisted upon Its amendments
and asked for a conference. The message
■ once laid before the Senate.
- moved that the Senate disagree
to the House amendments and that the i
it for a conference be agreed to :
and. further, that the Vice-President ap
point the conferees.
Allen asked for a division on the ques- i
tion, and the conference asked for was ,
agr l to.
There was some discussion about the
appointment of conferees, the Senators
favoring free Cuba saying the majority
ought to be represented on the conference
committee.
Allen. Hoar, White, Thurston, Teller,
Stewart and Pasco discussed the parlia
mentary precedents.
In the course of a snappy, vigorous i
spree),. Chandler of New Hampshire said: j
•■The Senate has by two votes, by a ma
jority of 14 on each, declare. 1 thai it was
the sense of the. Senate that the United
States should recognize the Independence
of the Cuban republic, at the head of
which is Maximo Gomez— rebel— as France
recognized the revolutionary Government I
of the American colonies, at the head of
which was George Washington— rebel
The Spanish Cortes will meet next
Wednesday, and it is important that the
voice of the American Congress in favor
of Cuban freedom and Independence
should reach the Cortes. This gentleman
(Turpie) is the,, author of the clause for
which the Senate has pronounced by its
two votes with a majority of h. The
Senator from Ohio (Foraker) was the only
Republican on the Foreign Relations
Committee who advocated that clause
and now it is gravely proposed that a
conference committee shall be appointed
on which neither of these Senators shall
be — a committee of three Senators, every
nni; rf whom is against the proposition
f.r which the Senate has twice voted.
"It seems to me that the enemies of
Cuban freedom who have taken charge
of the movement, and who do not mean
that it shall co forward except under
their authorship, yes, and witn their con
sent, ought at least to allow the decision
of the matter to be In the hands of its
friends."
Chandler Bald that in the interest of I
immediate action Republican Senators !
who bad voted for the freedom of Cuba
were willing to make some sacrifices. This
was the first note sounded on the floor
of the Intention of ten Republicans to
yield their position.
Foraker of Ohio said: "I want to say,
Mr. President, In answer to the sugges- ;
tion that has been made to me as one of j
the conferees on the part of the Senate, i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APKIL 19, 1898.
that I would be perfectly satisfied to have
the chairman name the committee, and
indeed, I should greatly prefer that h«
sh( uld do so. 1 want some action to be
taken; I will not speak longer at this
time, because I have some anxiety to hear
the guns."
Frye of Maine said: "I am against tne
present recognition of the alleged repub
lic of Cuba. I believe that such recog
nition belongs to the President of the
United States and not to Congress, end
I believe that In my place some Senator
on the Foreign Relations Committee
ought to be appointed who holds views
diametrically opposite to me. The Sena
tor from Ohio (Foraker) Is the father of
this proposition to recognize the Cuban
republic now, and I trust that the V'ico-
President will appoint him. I have been
silent all through this discussion be
cause I wanted action, now for God's
pake let us do something to relieve tho.se
pi or people in Cuba. Every American
Consul and every American citizen has
loft the island. The Red Cross ha.s been
removed and come north. Every hour
is freighted with the death of womc/i and
children, and we should not delay our
action a minute. I believe that if we act I
now. within ten days Cuba will be free, I
provisions will be there for the starving
and it" not, our guns will be thundering !
at Morro Castle/
Lindsay of Kentucky made a strong !
plea for the recognition of the independ
ence of the island republic.
The first note of compromise was then j
sounded by Teller. He said it was ap- !
parent that if a vote were taken now
the Senate would change the position it ;
n • k last Saturday night, and he sug
gested that the Senate might as well j
Bettl< the matter at once.
Foraker suggested that the whole ques
tion could be disposed of before adjourn
ment to-nißht if the conferees on the part
of the Senate were appointed at once. He
had received assurances that there would
be no great difficulty in reaching a sat-
Isactory conclusion.
Teller said that at a later day he pro- |
posed to answer some of the offensive '
Utterances of the Senator from Maine
(Hale) and other supporters of the ad- i
ministration, He concluded with the ;
statement tr.-n if Spain did not answer
our ultimatums fairly then we should
speak with shotted guns.
Tillman, addressing Spooner of Wiscon
sin by name, demanded to know if he
could pivc him assurance that the admin
tion would not saddle the Spanish i
bonds upon the Cubans.
The question, put in a direct manner, i
aroused the Wisconsin Senator. He arose
from his seat on the opposite side of the
chamber, and. walking over to within a
few feet of TiHman, said: "I challenge
the decency of the Senator from Smith
Carolina in putting such an interroga
tory to me by name. I want to say now,
that the suggestion to he sent out from
here in Buch an exigency as now con
fronts this country in little less than a
slander upon the President of the United
I."
"1 am pretty thick skinned. Mr. Presi- :
dent." replied Tillman. "If I can accom
plish my purpose In preventing the possi
bility of f:*st< nin« this debt upon those
people I shall be satisfied to take all the 1
odium that may attach to it."
Allen then withdrew his motion, and
the motion made by Davis that the Vice-
President should appoint tn>- conferees 1
was agreed to without division.
The Vice-President appointed as con
ferees <>n the part of mo Senate Davis,
Foraker and Morpan. The Senate then
t«',.k a r ss until Rp. m. The long
waited-for situation, the return of the
rees, came at 8:10 o'clock. There
was n visible stir in the galleries as the
chairman of th c i ference committee,
Davis, rose to present tne report.
By this time nearly every Senator was
in his seat. Davis said that he had to
report that after full and free discussion
the conferees had failed to reach an ■
agreement. There was intense silence.
It was the unexpected that had happened.
Davis then stated the points of disa^ree
ment, that there had been no difficulty
to agree to the House resolution as
amended, but the point of contention
arose over the insertion of the words
"and are," in the first section, which
says the people of Cuba "are and of ripht
oucht to be free and independent." He
said that the majority of the conferee*
had agreed to report the Turple amend
ment, providing that the words above
mentioned be inserted. But the Senate
conferees wire met with refusal to so
agree and he reluctantly reported the
same to the Senate.
Morgan Btated that the chairman of the
Foreign Relations Committee spoke for
the majority. For one, he had not re
linquished the hone that the Cubans
might be free, but thought that under
the temper of the House there was little
or no use to s«'inl the conferees again
into conference unless it was Indicated
that the House would recede.
Hoar of Massachusetts said it was the
understanding that if th'> United States
wrr.t to war and s<-nt its ships Into Cuban
\ aters and Its armies into Cuban terrl
tory. our navy surely would be under the
direction of the Cuban Government If the
Senate insisted upon the Turpie amend-
Maxon of Illinois Btated what he con
ceived to be the parliamentary statua of
the pending question. He Bald thai the
hope had been that if the Senate would
yield the substance of Independence th.-
Bhadow of the freedom would be left to
us.
A strong appeal was then entered hv
"White of California for action of some
kind that would end the suspense and end
it at once.
The- first part of Davis 1 motion, that to
insist upon the Senate amendments, was
carried without division. The second
I>art. that requesting a further confere
nce, was disagreed to, zu — io.
At f» : IT> p. rr... on motion of Allison, a re
cess of one hour was taken.
After the recess Morgan presented a
joint resolution declaring war against
Spain, which was read and allowed to lie
on the table-.
At 10:25 Chief Clerk Browning of the
House presented a message from that
body, asking tor a further conference on
the <'üban question.
Davis moved to Insist upon the Senate
amendment and grant a conference but
Allen asked for a division of the ques
tion. The motion to agree to a confer
ence was adopted before the second por
tion of the motion.
Allen then addressed the Senate. H».
paid that tho time had com,, when the
Senate should appoint tho conferees and
not the chair.
Allen's motion to have the Senate to
name the conferees was losl, 2S — 49.
Davis' motion was carried and the Pres
ident pro tern. (Senator Frye) appointed
Senators Davis, Foraker and Morgan.
A recess was taken for half an hour.
After midnight the Senate was in for
mal recess, althouob technically in ses
slon. The conference committee remain
ed In session, the House members having
returned from a consultation with l.*"use
leaders. An agreement is understood to
have been reached.
At l:H a. m. Senator Davis presented
the '•, inference report.
The conference report was adopted by
the following vote:
Ayes— Aldrich, Allison, Baker, Rurrows, Car
ter. Chandler, f'lark. Cullnm, Davis, l>hoe
rciklns, Fairbanks, Faulkner, Fnraker, Frye'
(jallinßer, Gear, Gray, Hale, Hanna, Hnns
brouffh, Hawley, Kyle, Lodge, MfHriile, Mc-
Millan, Mason, Morgan, Morrlll, Nelson, Ten
rose, PorkinF, PUtt of Connecticut, Pritchard,
Ptoh t<>r. Quay, Sewell, Shoup, Spooner, War
ren, Wilson. Woloott— 42.
NoM — Allen, rtaeon. Bate. Berry. Butler, Caf
ferjr, I'anr.on. Chllton, Clay, rockrell» Daniel.
Harris, Heitfrlri, .lonea of Arkansas, Jonrs of
Nevada. Kenny. Lindsay, McEn-ry, McLanrin
Mallery, Muntle, Martin. Mitchell, Money,'
Pasco, Fetticrew, fettus. Rawiins. Roaoii
Stewart, Teller, Turley, Turner, Turple, White
The Senate, at 1:50 a. m., adjourned.
WHIT THIS
ACTION MEANS
Armed Forces to Expel
Spaniards From the
Island.
Now the Resolution as Passed
by Congress Goes to the
President.
An Agreement Reached After One of
the Hardest Fought Battles of
Recent Years.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 19.
After one of the hardest fought bat
tles between the two Houses known in
many years Congress at an early hour
this morning came to an agreement up
on the most momentous question it has
dealt with In a third of a century.
The Cuban resolution was passed and
will be sent to the President this morn
ing. Its provisions moan the expulsion
of Spain from the island of Cuba by the
armed forces of the United States.
There were many rollcalls in both
Houses and each body held tena
ciously to its own resolution. The con
ferees had great difficulty in agreeing.
The first conference showed a deter
mination on the part of the House not
to yield a single point, and it was only
after long consultation with the House
leaders that they agreed to allow the
little words "are and" in the first sec
tion of the Senate resolution, which de
clare that the people of Cuba "are,
and of right ought to be free and inde
pendent."
The resolution, as finally adopted,
was that reported from the Senate
Committee on Foreign Relations, with
the addition of the fourth section,
known as the Teller amendment, dis
claiming any intention on the' part
of the United States to acquire Cuba.
The resolution cannot be sent to the
President until after it is signed by
the presiding officers to-day.
The resolution as agreed to Is as fol
lows:
Joint resolution for the recognition of
the Independence of the people of Cuba,
demanding that the Government of Sp;iln
relinquish its authority and government
In the island of Cuba and to withdraw
its hind and naval forces from Cuba and
Cuban waters, and directing the Presi
dent of the United States to use the land
and naval forces of the United States to
carry these resolutions Into effect.
Whereas, The abhorrent conditions
which have existed for more than three
ye, i is In the Island of Cuba, so near our
own borders, hay.> shocked the moral
senses of the people of the United States,
have been a disgrace to Christian civ
ilization, culminating as they have in the
destruction of a United States battleship
and 266 of its officers and crew, while on
a friendly visit in the harbor of Havana,
and cannot longer be endured, as has
been set forth by the President of the
United States in his message to Con
gress of April 11, IS9S, upon which the
a< tion of Congress was invited; there
fore
Resolved, By the Senate and House of
Representatives of the United States of
America in Congresa assembled:
First— Thai the people of the island of 1
Cuba are and of right ougrht to be free
and Indi pendent.
Second— That it is the duty of the Unit
ed St.it. s t.> demand, and tho Government
of the l':iitoi! States does hereby demand,
thai the Government of Spain at oi cc i"' v
linquish its authority and government !•'
tho island of <'ul>a and withdraw its lanTl
and naval forces from Cuba and Cuban
waters.
Thlrd-That the President of the United
be and he hereby is directed and
empowered to use the entire land and
naval forces of the United States, and to
call Into actual service of the United
States the militia of the several States to
tin- extent as may be necessary to carry |
this resolution into effect. .
Fourth— That the United States hereby
disclaims any disposition or intention to
exercise sovereignty, jurisdiction or con
trol over said island except for the pact- :
fication thereof, and asserts Its determin
ation when this Is acomplished to leave
the Kovernment and control of the island
to its people.
The President retired before mid
night and the White House was desert
ed, except for the executive clerk, Mr.
Montgomery, who received the bulle
tin announcing the Senate's action over
the Capitol wire. The message was
turned over to the domestic end of the
mansion, and without waiting for the
action of the House, the executive of
fice was closed for the night.
ARMED WITH RIFLES
USED IN THE REBELLION.
National Guard of California Seri
ously Handicapped by the War
Department.
SACRAMENTO. April 18.— In Febru
ary, 1597, Congress passed a resolution
providing for an exchange of arms by
the various States and Territories which
! were then provided with old-fa-shioned
rifles. Adjutant General Barrett im
mediately sent to the War Department
I a requisition for 2300 45-caliber new
Springfield rifles in exchange for the
same number of what is known as
seventy-threes.
The reply from the^ War Department
rejected the proposed change and one
of the grounds of objection was based
on the terms of the resolution, which
the department claimed did not include
the new Springfield 4fj-caliber. The re
sult has been that in the present crisis
the State troops are provided with over
1700 old-fashioned and inferior rifles.
According to the last report of the ad
jutant general there are but 1800
Springfield 4f>-caliber rifles, when as a
matter of necessity there should be
3000 or more.
For over a year the adjutant general
has used every effort to effect the
change, but notwithstanding the com
bined endeavors of the entire Congres
sional delegation the War Department
has persistently refused to conform to
the expressed desire of Congress.
Powers Taking No Action.
LONDON, April 19.— The Berlin cor
respondent of the Times says: In well
informed quarters all reports of fresh
efforts on the part of the powers to
avert war are described as unfounded.
If President McKinley to-day
signs the resolutions adopted by Con
gress, the fact will not only be an
nounced on all The Call bulletin
boards, but will be signaled by hoist
ing the national flag in the place of
The Call flag on the Claus Spreckels
building. If the signature is not
given until to-night, it will be sig
naled by a display of red fire from
the lantern for an hour. Watch for
the signals.
HOW THE HOUSE
FINALLY DECIDES
Many Recesses, Warlike Addresses and
Songs While the Conferees Are
Reaching an Agreement.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 18.
For nearly seventeen hours to-day
the House of Representatives remained !
in session while the conferees were \
battling to secure an agreement on !
the wording of the resolution authoriz- ;
i<|g the President to use the army and j
navy of the United States in putting
an end to the war in Cuba, and driving
the Spaniards from that blood-stained
"gem of the Antilles."
The House, after one of the hardest
and most desperate fights in its his
tory, succeeded in forcing the Senate
to yield the main contention in the war
resolution — the Independence of the ex
isting Government of Cuba. With that
exception the House accepted the Sen
ate resolutions. The Republicans who
joined with the Democrats in an at
tempt to concur in the Senate amend
ments entire rallied fourteen votes at
one time and on every vote thereafter
the vote dwindled. When the final
vote was taken, shortly before 3 o'clock
this morning, 310 votes were cast for
the declaration upon which we .are go
ing to war, if war is to be. Six votes
only were cast against it. They in
cluded five Republicans and one Dem
ocrat.
Immediately upon the House convening
at 10 o'clock this morning. In accordance
with the recess taken Saturday morning,
Dingley, the Republican floor leader,
moved an adjournment, which motion
was carried. The regular session therefore
began at noon.
As the hands of the clock pointed to
noon the Speaker ascended the rostrum
and with one resounding whack of his
gavel silenced the confusion on the floor
and the hum of conversation in the
crowded galleries. It was an impressive
scene as the members listened with bowed
heads to the solemn invocation of the
blind chaplain.
No sooner had the chaplain ceased,
however, than the confusion was re
doubled as the members labored during
the last few precious moments. The
reading of the journal had not been con
cluded before the clerk of the Senate an
nounced the calling tip of the Cuban reso
lutions with the Senate amendments. In
stantly the gallleries were all attention,
and membe-s leaned forward in their
seats. The leaders watched each other
with alert features.
The first move was important, and as
the resolutions were read the declaration
with, regard to the recognition of the in
(!( pendence of Cuba was vociferously
cheered by the Democrats. This demon
stration was repeated when the reading
was completed.
Both Dingley, leader of the Republicans,
and Bailey were on their feet. Dingley
was recognized, and he immediately
moved concurrence in the Senate amend
ment with an amendment striking out tho
clause in the first resolution, which recog
nized the independence of the existing
republic. The actual form of the motion
(which was reduced to writing) was as
folows:
"I move to concur in tho Senate amend
ment to the Hows.' joint resolution with
an amendment striking out in the first
p.anipniph the 'are 1 and also the words,
'and that the Government of the United
States hereby recognizes the republic of
Cuba as the true and lawful government
of that island." so thnt the first paragraph
of tho Senate amendment will read as
fallows: 'First, that the people of tho
island of Cuba of right ought to be free
and Independent.' "
Upon this motion Dlngloy demanded the
previous question, which served to cut off
amendment and debate.
Bailey, who was immediately on his
foot, asked if the motion to concur with
an amendment precluded a motion to sim
ply concur, and was Informed by the
Speaker that It would not If the motion
was voted down. It was a moment of in
tense excitement.
Johnson (R.) of Indiana and Bromwell
of Ohio Were On their feet, both demand
ing recognition to state preliminary in
quiries. The former wanted to ask unan
imous consent to a. dress the House in
antagonism of the motion, but he was
howled down. But when Bromwell. a mo
ment later, declared that he wished to of
fer an amendment to concur the Demo
cratic side sent up cheer upon cheer.
The announcement pave the vote as 179
to 15fi. and the decisive victory was loudly
applauded by the Republicans. The fol
lowing: Is the vote In detail on the Dlngley
motion:
Yeas— Acheron. Adams, AMrtch, Alexander,
Arnold, Babcock, Raker, Barham. Barney,
Barrett, Barrows, Bartholdt. Beach, Belden,
Belford Ftelknnp, Bennett. Bishop. Booze. Bou
tolle (Illinois), Brewster, Brrwlerick. Brownlow.
Brumm, Hull, Burlelgh, F.urton, Butler, Can
non, Capron, Ohickerine. Clark (Iowa), Clarke
(New Hampshire), Cnhran (New York>, Cod
ding, Connell, Conneh". Corliss (KansatO, Cou
sins, Crump. Cnimparker, Curtis, Dalzell, Dan
fcrd Davenport. Davidson, Davison, Dayton,
Dlngley, Dolllver, r><>vr>nor. Kddy, EMI.?. Evans,
Farls. 'Fischer, Fletcher, Foote, Fo*s. Fowler.
(New Jersey*, Gardner, Olnson, Oiiiette (New
York), Gillette (Maßsachuchetra). GrafY. r.riffln.
Grofivenor, Grout, Grow. Ilaper. Hamilton,
Harmer, Hawley. Hestwole, Hemlngrrajr. Hen
ill-iron. Henry (Connecticut. Henry (Indiana),
Hepburn, Hicks. Hllborn. Hill. Hooker. Hop
kins. Howard (Alabama). Howe. Howpll, Hull.
Hurley, Jenkins, Joy, Kerr. Ketcham, Klrk
patrlck, Knox, Kulp, Lacey. Land Is, Law
rence. I, lnner. T^lttauer. Loudenalagrer, Lover
inc. Ijowe. Lybrand, Met "nil, McCleary, Mc-
Donald, McEwan, Mclntyre, Mahon, Marsh,
Mercar, Mesick, Miller, Mills. Minor. Mitchell,
Moody, Morris, Mudd, Northway. Odell. Olm
■tead, Otien. Overstreet. Packer, Parker.
Payne, Fearce, Pearson, Perkins, Pitney,
Prince, Vutrh, QuiRS, Ray, Reeves. Robbins.
R yce Itupsoll, Fhannon. Shattuck. Sheldon.
Sherman, Sho waiter, Smith (Illinois). Smith
(South Dakota). W. A. Smith, Snover, Pmith
anl, Soutiiwick, Spaldlng, Bperry, Sprasue,
Ktoele Stevens, Stewart (New Jersey), Stew
irl (Wisconsin), Store. C. W. : Stone. W. A.:
St. de Sturtevant, Tawnev, Taylor (Ciio>,
Thorpe, Tonsue, Ipdepraf, Van Voorhees. Wal
ker (Massachusetts l. Walker • Vermont). Wan
per Ward Weaver, Wymouth. Williams
(Pennsylvania), Yost, Young (Pennsylvania).
Total ITS— caused by Representative Boutelte
of Maine, aft"r the announcement changing his
vot« from yen. to "presort."
Xoes — Adamson. Allen. Ball-y, Barnes,
Baker (Illinois). Ball. Bankhesd, Barlow. Hart
lett Bell, Benner, Benton, Bland, Bodine, Bot
kin' Bradley, Brantley, Brenner. Bromwell,
Brou^sard, Brown. Brueker. Brundidpe, Burke,
Campbell. Cnrmack, Castle, Catching. Clarfly,
Clark (Missouri). Clayton, Cochran (Missouri).
Colson, Cooney. Cooper (Texas), Cooper i\Vis
consin), Cowherd, Cox, ('ummini?s. Davey,
Davis, Peadmond. Pc Oraffenreld, Dp Vries,
ninnmore, Dockery, Dorr. Drlggs, Elliott, Er
mentrout, Fitzgerald. Fitzpatrick. Fleming,
Fowler (North Carolina). Fox, Gains, Greene,
Griffith Griprps. Gunn. Handy. Hartman, Hay,
Henry (Mississippi). Henry (Texas). Hlnrich
sen, Howard <i>orKln), Hunter, Jett, John
son (Indiana). Johnson (North Dakota), Jones
(Virginia). Jones (Washington). Kelly, Klne,
Kleberp, KnOWles, I.amb, Lanham. Tjatimer,
I^entz. Lester. Lewis (Georgia). I^ewis iWash-
Inßton). Little, Livingston. Ivloyd, Lorlmer,
Loud Love, McClellan, Mcf'ormlck. McCullOch,
McDowell. McMillan. Mcßae. Maddox, Ma
pulre, Mahany. Mann. Marshall, Martin, Max
well Meekinson. Meyer (Louisiana), Mlers,
Moon. Newlands, Norton (Ohio), Norton (South
Carolina). Opden. Otey, Peters. Pierce (Ten
nesse), Rhea, Richardson, Rldpeley, Rlxey,
Robbs, Robertson, Rolllnson, Sayers, Settle,
Shafroth, Shuford, Simpson, Sims, Rlayden.
Smith (Kentucky). Sparkman. Stalllngs. Stark.
Stephens (Texas), Stokes, Strowd. Sullivan,
BUlloway, Bulaer, Sutherland. Swanson, Tnl
bert. Tate. Taylar (Alabama), Terry, Todd,
Tnrt'erwood, Van Diver. Vincent. Warner,
Wheeler (Alabama), Wheeler (Kentucky),
White (Illinois. Williams (Mississippi). Wil
son. Young (Virginia). Zenor. Total, 156.
Fourteen Repub.icans voted with the
Democrats and Por>ulists. as follows:
Bromwell. Brown, Colson, Copper of
Wisconsin, Dorr, Johnson of Indiana,
Johnson of North Dakota, Lorlmer
Loud, Mahany. Mann. Sulloway, War
ner and White of Illinois.
One Populist. Howard of Alabama, vot
ed aye with the Republicans.
Them was a hot tilt between the
Speaker and Bailey after the vote, ending
in the latter denouncing a statement of
the Speaker "as absolutely false.'
After it became noised about on the
House side that the Senate had non-con- ;
curred with a request for a conference
the leaders held hasty consultations and
the galk-ries tilled rapidly.
At 3:40 p. m. the resolutions were re- I
turned to the House with the Senate's de
cision to non-concur. Dingley, Bailey I
and Bromwell (R.) of Ohio were all on |
their feet asking for recognition. The
Speaker recognized Dingley, who moved
that the House insist upon its amend- |
ment and ask for a conference. Upon his !
motion he demanded the previous ques- •
tion. Bailey, as a parliamentary- in
quiry, desired to know of the chair
whether a motion to recede and concur
would not take precedence.
The Speaker said he thought not.
Bailey cited a precedent from the
Twenty-ninth Congress, which, he said. ',
covered the exact case In point.
The Speaker asked to see it. The mem
bers waited with breathless interest
while the Speaker examined it. When he
decided that it would hold the Democrats i
applauded. The Speaker then recognized
Bromwell, who formally made the mo
tion to recede and concur. This time the
Democrats cheered and the galleries
Joined in the demonstration. As the pre
vious question cut oft" debate, the Speaker
ordered the roll called.
The vote came so unexpectedly that
the leaders of the respective sides sent
messengers and officials scurrying in all
directions to drive in absentees. Carri
ages were sent clattering to the down
town hotels at a gallop, and committee
rooms, restaurants and every place i
where a stray Congressman might be
routed out by the pages and employes of
the House. It was like a call to arms.
The responses on the rollcall were fol
lowed closely for further defections from
the Republican side, but there were no
acquisitions. In fact, two of the Repub
licans who voted against the motion to
concur with an amendment on the last
vote, Johnston of Indiana and Loud of
California, voted with the Republicans.
They did not, however, properly belong
to the deflections on the other vote, as
they voted as they did because they op
pose any action whatever. The an
nouncement of the defeat of the motion,
14S to 173, was the signal for another
demonstration on the Republican side.
The following twelve Republicans voted
for the motion to concur: Belknap, Lori
mer, Mann, Warner and White of Illin
ois, Bromwell and Brown of Ohio, Colson
of Kentucky, Cooper of Wisconsin. Dorr
r>f West Virginia, Johnson of North Da
kota and Sulloway of New Hampshire.
Dingley's motion to insist and ask for
a conference was then agreed to with
out division, the opposition realizing the
manifest uselessness of demanding a roll
call.
Just before 5 o'clock the Speaker an
nounced J,ho appointment of Adams (R. )
of Pennsylvania. Heatwole (R.) of Min
nesota and Dinsmore (D.) of Arkansas
as conferees on the Cuban resolutions.
Grosvenor then moved to adjourn, but
Cannon called attention to the fact that
the House would have to await the ac
tion of the Senate before the resolutions
would be legally in conference. There
upon Grosvenor withdrew the motion and
upon Cannon's motion the House recessed
for twenty minutes.
At 6:35 ;i further recess of twenty-five
minutes was taken. At 6 o'clock the
House tot ; a recess until 8 o'clock.
Adams had a long conference with the
Speaker at his desk. Half a dozen load
ers crowded about and took part in the
consultation. A question arose as to
whether the House, having asked for the
conference, was entitled to have charge
of the papers or not. and to settle this
question Captain McKee, the journal
clerk, paid a visit to the other end of the
Capitol.
While the House was waiting, a half
hundred of tho Representatives gathered
in the lobby of the hall and awoke the
. hoea with patriotic songs. The battle
hymn of the republic was sung by Gen
eral Henderson of (owa.
The House reconvened at 8 oclock. The
members vere jubilant over the news
which floated about that the conferees
had agreed, the Senate to yield on the
independence clause and the House agree
ing to restore the words "are and" in the
first section, but suddenly the greatest
confusion arose, when it was discovered
that there was still a hitch over the
words "are and." the two Republicans of
tin- House conferees, Adams and Heat
wole, having refused to yield on the point.
Several of the members of the Hoii*o
were in their dress suits, and In the gal
leries were many brilliant evening cos
tumes. Nothing was done until S :4o p. m.,
when the clerk of the Senate announced
the disagreement of the Senate to the
House amendment and the appointment
of conferees.
"Dixie" and other songs were sung-, led
by some ex-Confederates, and then, in
tremendous volume, tho corridors rang
with an improvisation, "Hang General
Weyler on a. Sour Apple Tree, as We Go
Marching On." The war spirit was re
flected in the songs. Soldiers bivouacking
about the camp lires In the enemy's front
could not have been more Enthusiastic
than were many of the grizzled veterans
who participated. The Btruggle which was
going on was one to si-cure parliament
ary advantage. The House, which had
possession of the conference papers, could
at any time recede and agree. It was
this desire to hold the papers which in
duced the Senate to refuse, thus com
pelling the House to further Insist and
ask for a further conference. Agreement
to this conference would give the Senate
possession of the papers.
A general conference of the leaders was
held at the Speaker's desk after the Sen
ate had voted. 39 to 40, to insist. Dalzeil
and most of the Speaker's lieutenants fav
oring: voting to further Insist, but GrOS
vi nor counseled an adjournment. He ar
gued that If the House adjourned the
country would place the responsibility for
the deadlock u:>on the Senate. There
were many indignant comments on the
situation, which placed it in the power
of one Senator to hold up the resolutions
and prevent an agreement.
At 9:35 p. m. the House was officially
notified of the Senates action in further
insisting. The Democrats applauded the
announcement. Adams (R.) of Pennsyl
vania, as soon as the report of disagree
ment had been read, moved that the
House still further insist upon its amend
ment and request a further conference.
Again Bromwei) moved that the House
recede from its disagreement and concur
in the Senate's amendments.
The Republicans who were voting with
the opposition lost the vote of Cooper of
Wisconsin on the roll call. He voted no
with the administration Republicans. The
other eleven Republicans again voted to
recede and concur.
The motion was again lost, 14-1 — 178.
Secretary of "War Alger, who entered
the hall araycd in a dress suit, while the
vote was being recapitulated, joined in
the Republican demonstration of approval
when the result was announced. Adams'
motion was then agreed to without divi
sion.
The Speaker again appointed Adams,
Heatwole and Dinamore conferees.
Adams moved a recess until 11 o'clock.
Johnson (R.) of Indian i antagonized
this with a motion to adjourn, but the
chorus of noes was so fierce that he with
drew it, and Adams' motion was agreed
to.
At 11 o'clock the House took another
recess until 11:30 p. m. to give the con
ferees another opportunity to me«t. At
11:30 p. m. the House was formally noti
fied of the action of the Senate and an
other recess until 12 o'clock was taken
immediately.
At midnight the House took a recess
until 12:30 a. m. to await the action of the
conferees.
At 12:05 the House conferees asked to
be allowed to have a conference at 1
o'clock and there was then a prospect
of reaching a compromise on the original
basis.
At 12:30 the House took another recess
until 1 a. m. During this recess th«
members again congregated in the lobby
in the rear of the hall and, led by sev
eral of the younger members, sang many
of the popular songs of the day.
In the House, as soon as the conferenca
report had been presented. Adams moved>
the adoption of the report, and upon >hat
motion he demanded the previous aues«
tion.
The galleries gave cheer after cheer at
the resolutions were read. The demand
for the previous question cut off debate,
and Bailey and Johnson appealed for a
few minutes.
Adams refused to yield time for debate,
owing to the lateness of the hour.
Johnson protested indignantly. Bailey
demanded the ayes and noes, and the roll
was called.
The previous question waa ordered;
171—121.
The first rollcall on the adoption of the
resolution showed 293 ayes and 5 noes.
The conference report waa adopted by
the House— 3lo to G. [Great applause.]
The following voted against the adop
tion of the report: Boutelle (R.) of Maine,
Brewer (D.> of Alabama. Gardner (R.) of
New Jersey. Johnson (R.) of-* Indiana,
Loud (R.) of California and McCall (R.)
of Massachusetts.
RIOTS OCCUR
IN PORTO RICO
American and British In
terests Are in Grave
Danger.
Protection of Foreigners on the
Island Wholly Inade
quate.
Epecial Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. April 18.— St. Thomas
(West Indies) cable advices just re
ceived from Porto Rico are to the ef
fect that rioting has occurred on the
island and that further disorders are
possible. A general revolt may re
sult. American and British interests
on the Island are In grave danger and
the remaining citizens of the United
States and British colony are greatly
alarmed. This fear was primarily
aroused by the uprising of laborers on
April 13 on the Canovanas estate of
the Colonial Company, which is spread
ing rapidly.
Large bodies of men have been mak
ing threatening demonstrations. The
protection of foreigners is inadequate
and the use of torches and wholesale
bloodshed are Imminent. The high
price of food and the failure of auton
omy are causing social and political
discontent and the colored natives are
assuming an aggressive tone. They
beat an officer on a street of the city
yesterday. International disorders are
certain. Many have been arrested aa
suspected leaders of the Insurrection
and Spanish officers have warned
friendly foreigners. The British Con
sul Is ill and on a leave of absence, and
the Vice-Consul, a Creole of Spanish
sympathy, is in his place. He is en
gaged in business, which takes most of
his time.
American and British interests are
unsafe, and the colonists want Great
Britain to send warships there to pro
tect them. Convict labor Is being
used night and day on fortifications.
Large shipments of dynamite, mines,
thousands of rifles and millions of cart
ridges have arrived there. Two bat
talions from Havana arrived on April
15. The men were in a pitiful condi
tion. In San Juan harbor now aro
the warships Concha, the Ponce de
Leon, the Alfonso XII, the Isabella V
and the Crillo. Ten thousand tons of
coal are stored there and more Is com
ing. Eighty thousand rations have
been ordered from Spain. The warship
Bausan Is going to Havana to-day.
KEY WEST FILLED
WITH SPANISH SPIES.
They Seek Information About the
Fleet tmd Send All News to
Their Government.
Copyrighted. tB9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
KEY WEST. April 18.— Key West Is
full of Spanish spies, who are in com
munication with their Government.
They are seeking information about the.
fleet, about the location of mines and
about the movements of our war ves
sels when they move against the Span
ish sovereignty in Cuba. A particu
larly well-informed man who came out
of Cuba with General Lee said to-day:
"No pen can picture the horrors of the
reconcentrades in prisons now. Those
poor women and children have been
without any outside relief for now
eleven days. God knows how much
more time will be wanted by the Presi
dent and Congress before relief can co
in, but the picture drawn by the Con
sular reports was mild compared with
the wholesale misery and want prev
alent now."
Ordered to Chickamauga.
ST. LOUIS, April 18.— The Eleventh
Infantry, stepping temporarily at Jef
ferson Barracks, and the Third Caval
ry, regularly on post duty there, re
ceived positive orders to-day to move
Immediately to Mobile and Chicka
mauga, respectively. The work of em
barking the troops was carried on until
a late hour to-night.
A Long Look Ahead.
The politicians are even now beginning to
weigh the r>ossibilltlcß Involved In the next
Presidential election. The papers are full of
electioneering gossip, aid venture prediction*
«j to the future which are somewhat too s*lf
confldent. But It Is sale to Bay that a sys
tematic course of Hostetter's btomach Btttera
■will renew health In the malarious, bilious,
rheumatic, costive or nervous
34
DEADLOCK IN
THE CASE OF
THE FINIGANS
Settlement of the Famous San
Rafael Divorce Suit Not
Yet in Sight.
Wife of the "Affluent Pauper" Unable to Pro
ceed Until He Is Made to Ad
vance Money to Defray
the Costs.
PAX RAFAEL, April 19.— There Is a
deadlock in the case of Finigaa versus
Finigan. To-day in the Superior Court
at San Rafael Ji:<lj, • Angellotl denied
Colonel Finigan's moti"ii to set a date
for the trial of the f.m-.ous divorce
case, which was begun a year and a
half ago.
"It is a genera] rule, especially in
courts of equity," is the argument of
Mrs. Finigan'a counsel," that a party
In contempt will not be heard to ask
any favor of the co-urt in the case In
which the contempt occurs, nor be per
mitted to take any affirmative step in
the particular litigation, except only
such as is necessary to his defense
against the charge of contempt until
be has purged himself of such charge."
"The hearing of the defendant," says
Colonel Finigan's attorney, "resulted In
his discharge and trf the order to show
cause, which necessarily purged him of.
the contempt. Otherwise we should
have th<- absurd position that the party
had dune nothing for which he could be
punished, yet was still guilty of con
tempt."
P. 11. Lund appeared for the always
in-contempt colonel and Attorney
Crowley for Mis. Finigan.
Colonel Finigan's enemies say that he
is 70 years old. His friends admit that
Ij.' is 60. And he looks about 55. His
is round and ruddy, his mustache
is quite white, and his small light eyes
look out amiably upon the world from
. -neath his bushy white eyebrows.
.!!•■ sat m ...int to-day, really a very
well-dressed pauper. In his button
hole was one of these beautiful San
Rafael roses, which are already riot
ing—in anticipation of the carnival —
over the very peaks of the houses and
to the topmost branches of the trees.
His year and a hi.lf of litigation has
been of some Bervice to him, despite
the claim of his friends that it has
ruined his credit, for it has taught the
colonel how to maintain his composure
under trying circumstances.
"The plaintiff is unable to pay the
- <>l this action. She is unable to
pay her counsel. If it were not for
her relative :- -!: ■ would lack the neces-
Baries of life," declared Attorney Crow
ley, in combating the motion to-day.
"She is unable to pay a five-cent piece
toward this litigation, and this defend
ant appears, surrounded by counsel,
dressed in the height of fashion, with
that audacity which has characterized
his proceedings in this case, while
calmly permitting his wife to depend
on charity of relatives, and asks the
court to set a date for the trial— a trial
which the plaintiff is positively unable
• on with for lack of funds it is the
defendant's duty to provide. It is the
height of impudence."
And the genial Hibernian, falsetto
voiced Colonel Finigan — pauper or
quarter-millionaire, according to your
bias in the matter— who had put on his
gold-rimmed pince-nez, sat two feet
away, apparently absorbed in a news
paper, shifting his position occasion
ally or twisting a silver pencil-holder
uneasily, but on the whole bearing
the attack with equanimity.
"We do not press the case for to-day
or to-morrow," argued Attorney Lund.
"We don't want to take »nap judgment
•upon the plaintiff, who is entitled to
consideration. We -would not ask that
the trial be set for this month. If, in
the meantime," he concluded gener
ously, "we get our hands on any
money, we'll help her."
Strange to relate, the attorney for
handsome Mrs. Finigan didn't appear
to consider that this settled all the pe
cuniary difficulties of the case. When
plaintiff's counsel pleaded poverty, de
fendant's attorney vied with him in the
pitiful presentation of poor Colonel
Finigan's sad case. When Crowley
talked about that property signed over
by Colonel Finigan to his lawyers
pince the filing of the suit for divorce
Lund said he "might talk about $500
checks, but he wouldn't. It was unnec
essary. But," he asked, "when would
plaintiff be in a better position?"
The answer to this, of course, is that
plaintiff will be in a better financial
position when defendant's finances im
prove. Defendant's finances will im
prove when this vexatious divorce suit
js settled, which will be when plaintiff's
financial position is bettered. This is
the Finigan endless chain. There is no
patent upon it. Any married couple,
consisting of an old, wealthy, obstinate
husband and a young, fine-looking, re
sentful wife, unable to compromise
their differences, may take advantage
of the formula and get their domestic
affairs quite as hopelessly tangled.
The last motion of Colonel Finigan
presents another old phase of this pe
culiar case— the defendant pleading for
and the plaintiff objecting to the trial
of a divorce suit, which, though a year
and a half old, has never made its ap
pearance in public, except in the shape
of alimony and counsel fee fights, im
prisonments for contempt of court and
other light preliminary legal skir
mishes.
It's an indication, plaintiff's attor
neys say, that Colonel Finigan is weary
of the strained position his own ob
stinacy begets: that he has an invest
ment for the funds so carefully hidden,
and that he Is anxious to see the end
of the endless chain. It's simply, say
defendant's attorneys, for the purpose
of showing that plaintiff has no case
or phe'd be eager to have it tried:
though Colonel Finigan is getting to
be an old man, and he is anxious to
be able to work for some provision for
his children.
What the next move in this case wll
be nobody is willing to prophesy. Jt
may be a motion to dismiss the suit
firm the defendant. It may be a fur
thci demand for money or for liberty
fiom the plaintiff, should new or over
looked evidence of Colonel Finigan's
hidden riches he brought to light.
For that this self-confessed, repeat
edly sworn p.-iuper, who lives at the
Hotel Rafael, whoso wine card runs up
to ten or twelve dollars a day at times,
who looks and who lives like one who
loves the good things of this world, !s
other than well provided with the mu
nitions of logal war, counsel for the
plaintiff will not for - moment admit.
And Judge Angellotti himself, in dis
missing the motion, repeated to-duy
;what he had said before:
"I am satisfied in my own mind that
the defendant is not destitute of
means."
But where is Colonel Fini<?an's eso
teric Klondike? Attorneys have sought
in vain, though encouraged by the ad
vice of the court, by the necessities
of the situation, by the inspiring
thought that to compel a man to pay
his wife's counsel fees is the sweetest
kind of revenge; a combination of in
sult and injury beside which the old
school teacher's sendine the bad boy
down to the river to cut willow switches
f'>r his own chastisement sinks into in
significance.
Unless the good fairy of compromise
comes to cut this matrimonial Gordian
knot— and the very vigor with which
this solution is scouted makes one h«. pe
for its ultimate adoption— a new cen
tury will be born, whose round, as
tonished eyes will behold the quasi im
prisonment for various terms of con
tumacious Colonel Finfgan, by a liberal
minded jailer, the never-ending pleas
i p , overt >'- and perpetual motion
solved by the conjugal jangling of the
i-inigan endless chain. That is if Col
onel Flnigan and Mrs. Finigan's just
wrath endure that long.
In the meantime defendant 1* serene
and very comfortable at the Hotel
Rafael. There he and his daughters
live, while a son of 15 has all the ad
vantages, educational an] otherwise
that the son of a pauper who used to
be worth a quarter of a million should
have, on the hotel books the queerest
items are charged up to Colonel Fini
gan's ever-increasing account, if Miss
Finigan or either of her younger sis
ters require drugs or clothes or books,
these things are paid for by the hotel
management and charged up. There
are little items such as "Cash, $1 50"
"Cash, $5"; "Cash, $10"; which betray
to the world that exceedingly charita
ble spirit which animates the soul of
this marvel of hotel keepers, whose
trust in poverty-stricken Colonel Fini
gan is bo complete that besides board
bills and rent for handsome apartments
he assumes the entire burden of min
istering to the Finigan family's wants.
"They harp upon the colonel's living
at the Hotel Rafael." said a friend of
his across the bay. "They insist that it
hurts his case."
"Why doesn't he leave then?"
"Why? For the simplest reason. He ]
couldn't ' live anywhere else. A man i
like Warn" eld, who's rich, can afford to
wait for his money. A poor woman
who kept the kind of lodging-house
people would like to see Colonel Fini- !
gan live in would have to be paid
monthly. And the colonel hasn't the !
money."
Which is funny and ought to be '
recommended to all paupers— those who
have been worth a quarter of a million
and those who haven't. If you're needy, i
if you haven't a nickel to bless your
self—and your suing wife — with, "learn :
the lesson that the Finigan philosophy
preaches. Avoid second-class lodging
houses. You would only inflict your
misery upon those who themselves' are i
comparatively needy. Seek boldly che ■
finest, the swellest inn in all the coan- i
tryside and trust to Providence to re- j
ward your solicitude for the misfor- !
tunes of others— as it has Colonel Fini
gan's—by raising up a Warfteld for
you; a Warfleld who'll clothe you, shel- !
ter you, nurse you. wine you, dino you i
and all your family, out of pure big- I
ness of heart, for the sheer, simple joy
of sweet charity.
MIRIAM MICHELSON.
PROMOTERS OF THE SAN RAFAEL CARNIVAL.
Citizens Who Are Laboring Diligently For the Success oF the Coming Rose Fete.
KAN RAFAEL, April 18.—Prepara
tions for the rose festival are pro
gressing at a rapid rate, and four
arches are now in the completed stage,
with the exception of their evergTeen
adornments. The work on a beautiful
float for the queen was begun to-day.
Ten thousand feet of streamers are al
ready finished and ready for hanging.
During the festival the night will be
rendered beautiful by an illumination
of the courthouse, residences and prin
cipal streets. Several thousand lan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
ENTOMBED BY
CAVING EARTH
Charles Combs Killed in
a Modoc County
Mine.
Roof of a Drift Gives Way
While He Is at Work
Underneath.
His Life Crushed Out by a Bowlder
Which Falls Upon His
Baok.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDDING, April 18.— Charles Combs
lost his life by a caveinin a mine in the
Pueblo District of Modoc County on
Saturday .afternoon. He was at work
in a drift when without warning the
roof gave way, covering him deep in
the falling debris. A rescue party in
a short time uncovered his re
mains. It was found that a large
bowlder had struck him on the back
and crushed him.
Combs was a son of Jacob Combs, a
pioneer of Fort Bidwell and a citizen
well known in Northern California
and Southern Oregon. He was the last
of three sons, each of whom has met
an accidental death. One was killed
by an explosion in a Montana mine
and another kicked to death by a
horse. This third fatality has pros
trated the family.
It is said that the mine where young
Combs was at work was not safe and
that he had been warned of its condi
tion.
ACCIDENT ENDS
THEIR REVELRY
Men Returning From a Bolinas
Dance Injured in a
Collision.
Two Carriages Crash Together With
Disastrous Results at a Turn
in the Road.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. April 18.— An accident
that occurred ne.nr Rolinas last evening
may result in the death of one man, while
two of his companions sustained severe
cuts and bruises, and a third lost two fin
gers. Sherman Smith. Edward Clark,
Elijah IJourne and Walter Matsen are
the names of the Injured men. Smith prob
ahly being hurt Internally. The collision
of a buggy and a carriage caused the
trouble.
There was a dance at the Liberty Hotel
in Bolinas, people attending from outlying
districts. The party did not break up
ur.ti! a late hour. Smith, Clark and
Bourne started homeward in a light car
riage. They were all in jovial spirits, and
the horses were urged forward at a fast
gait, the rattle of the carriage beinp ac
companied by the songs of its occupants.
V.'!.. n about a mile from the outskirts of
the town the team turned a corner quick
ly and collided with a heavy buggy
driven by Matsrn. who was coming town
ward with his horse at high speed. All
the men were thrown from their vehicles
and rendered unconscious by the fall.
Matsen's horse tore through the town
after the buggy had been demolished, and
friends started up the road to find tin
cause of the runaway. At the scene of
the collision three of the young men were
found still insensible, while Bourne was
sitting up in a dazed condition, nursing
his right hand, from which two of the
fingers were almost torn off. Several of
Smith's ribs are broken and he may have
received internal injuries of a worse
nature.
If President McKinley to-day
signs the resolutions adopted by Con
gress, the fact will not only be an
nounced on all The Call buxietin
boards, but will be signaled by hoist
ing the national flag in the place of
The Call aag on the Claus Spreckels
building. If the signature is not
given until to-night, it will be sig
naled by a display of red fire from
the lantern for an hour. Watch for
the signals.
THOUSANDS OF GALLONS
OF W[NE DESTROYED.
Presumably Incendiary Fire West of
San Jose Results in Extensive
Losses.
SAN JOSE, April IS.-The Zlcovich
Winery at Cupertino, nine miles west of
this city, together with house, engine
room and tanks, was burned early this
morning. Twenty thousand gallons of
•wine was destroyed. The loss is about
$50,000. with J20.000 Insurance. The fire
started in the winery building, and was
evidently the work or an incendiary. The
plant was owned by A. Zicovich.
terns are now being made for this one
purpose.
All the school teachers of Marln
County have received a special invita
tion to enter the floats in the parade.
Sausalito and Belvedere have respond
ed and each will have floats on hand
on the gala day of the parade.
Miss Edna Rodden, the queen-elect,
and the ladies' auxiliary committee
have appointed the following young la
dies to act as maids of honor: Agnes
Drahms, Amy Furlong, Julia Hprzog,
Louisa Cochrine, Elizabeth Edwards
and Alicia Dufficy..
CHURCH WORK
IN EARLY DAYS
Veteran Methodists at
Santa Cruz Grow
Reminiscent.
Recount Their Experiences in
the Days of the Gold
Excitement.
How tho Foundations for Protestant
Worship Were Laid in
California.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ. April IS.— The golden
jubilee exercises at thi Methodist
Church were replete with interesting
reminiscences and congratulatory let
ters.
Mayor Cfark delivered an address
of congratulation. Bishop Taylor and
Elihu Anthony told of early church
work in California, describing how the
foundations for Protestant worship
were laid. Former pastors related their
experiences, connecting links of the
past with the present. Many reminis
cences connected with the labors of
pastors were related, the whole form-
Ing invaluable information in connec
tion with the history of the Methodist
Church in California.
The response to the congratulations
was made by Judge W. D. Storey, who
presided with Mr. Anthony as honorary
chairman. Interspersed with the ad
dresses was music.
After the exercises a reception was
held in the church parlors.
To-morrow evening there is to be a
reception at the parsonage, given by
Rev. Thomas 1-ilben and wife.
DRAGGED TO DEATH
BY RUNAWAY HORSES.
Stage-Driver in Modoc County the
Victim of a Frightful
Accident.
REDDING, April 18.— News reached
this city to-day of the frightful death
of "Billy" Mcikle. a driver on the stage
line between Lake City and Fort Bid
well, in Modoc County, who was dragged
to death under the heels of his runaway
team. His horses took fright at some
object along the roadside and madfe a
wild plunge, throwing him from the box
over the front l>oot and under the
horses' feet. In the fall he carried the
lines with him. and he became entangled
s=o that he was carried .along in a help
less condition. The wheelers' heels were
striking him at every jump, and he was
cruelly mangled, while being dragged
along- the roush roadbed.
When the horses were checked in their
flight ami Meikle was extricated he was
in a dying condition and lived but a short
time, lit- was a mass of bruises and was
covered with blood.
Meikle was one of the best known
drivers in that section. He was also well
known in Lakeview. Ore., and alons the
stage line fmm Bieber north to Alturas,
in Modoc County.
SNAKE GIVES POSTAL
CLERKS A FRIGHT.
Blue Racer Tumbles From a Mail
Sack in the Chicago Postoffice.
CHICAGO, April 18.— A live snake of
the blue-racer variety, four feet long,
rolled out of a mail pouch in the bag
inspecting room of the postofflce yestei
day, and the employes who were present
fled in all directions. The snake was dis
covered by Foreman Collins, who was as
badly frightened as the others. After a
few minutes he assailed the reptile with
a broom, and it was captured alive and
placed in one of the windows with a tag
bearing the Inscription "A Spaniard
From Havana."
Where the snake came from is a mys
tery. The bag In which it was found
came from St. Louis yesterday. It was
empty and it was thought by many of
the clerks that the snake was placed In
♦he bag as a practical joke. The em
ployes in the inspecting room say it is the
first snake ever found in a mail bag in
the Chicago Postoffu-e.
WORK ON THE MASONIC
HOME AT DECOTO.
Large Building Will Be Ready for
Occupancy in About Six
Months.
IRVIXGTON, April IS.— Fifty men are
at work on the Masonic Homo at Decoto
cutting and, laying stone, and the walls of
the first story will ho finished in about
three weeks. The flooring of the first
story is now being laid. As the second
and third stories are to be of brick, with
stone trimmings, the work will go ahead
more rapidly from now on. A large din
ing room is to be erected of brick at the
back as an annex, but work on this p;irt
will not be commenced for some time.
Contractor Hurlburt says it will be at
least six months before the building will
be completed.
Placer Pioneer Falls Dead.
AUBURN, April IS.— Cha-rles Nubegin,
one of the pioneer residents of Placer
County, dropped dead at Dutch Flat yes
terday. He was 69 years old.
"I believe," asserted Assistant Di
rector General Charles B. Tidball. "that
this festival will be the grandest ever
held in this part of the State."
If it is, nobody should be more cor
dially congratulated than Mr. Tidball
himself, who is laboring night and day
for the benefit of his fellow-townsmen.
He and Director General Newhall, P.
T. Rurtchaell. president of the Ten
Thousand Club, J]mmett Hayden, vice
president of the club, and W. N. Ander
son, chairman of the executive commit
tee, are the most active workers now
in the field.
VETERANS TAKE
NEVADA CITY
Peaceful Conquest by the
Men Who Fought in
the Sixties.
People of the Mining Metropolis
Give the Visitors a Hearty
Welcome.
Will Tender a Recaption To-Night
and Show Them th« Mines
To- Morrow.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEVADA CITY, April IS.— As two
trains, closely following each other, ar
rived shortly after 5 o'clock, bringing
400 Grand Army delegates to the an
nual encampment, half the population
of the city was on hand and gave the
veterans a welcome they will never for
get. Cheers mingled with the ringing
Of bells and band music, and in return
the veterans and sens of veterans
cheered back, and everybody was hap
py. Another train will arrive with 100
more, and by noon to-morrow all the
delegates will be on hand.
The arrangements for taking care of
the crowd are perfect and everybody
here so far is comfortably situated,
■with room to spare for as many more.
To-night the city was ablaze with elec
trical displays of marked beauty. Hun
dreds of strangers thronged the streets,
many of them taking their first glimpse
of the typical mining town by night.
Around the lobbies of the hotel dele
gates discussed proposed legislation,
considered the prospects of various
candidates and canvassed the situa
tion generally. At the Grand Army
headquarters an executive session of
the department council was held. It
had nothing but routine work on hand,
as everything has been moving with
unusual smoothness the past year.
The department membership has in
creased from 5405 to 5492 and 123 com
rades have died. The o-ld troubles over
the Yountville Veterans' Home are
ended, and for the first time in years
this institution is not likely to prove
a source of bitter controversy at the
encampment.
The terms of five of the twenty-five
members of the association governing
this institution expire this month.
Among those mentioned prominently
for places on the board are: John C.
Currier, W. J. Ruddick and Charles S.
Wilson, all of San Francisco. Sonoma
County will present the name of Judge
Crawford of Santa Rc-sa or A. L.
"Winans of Petaluma.
Candidates for other positions are
numerous, among them being the
following: For office of department
commander Colonel George Stone and
Sol Cahen, of San Francisco, W. H.
Seamans of Los Angeles, F. W. Cush
ing of Oakland, are named. For senior
vice-commander — A. C. Shafer of Los
Angeles, Allen Cooley of Marysville.
For junior vice-commander J. W. Cul
lough of Post Xo. 10 of Auburn is the
only one mentioned so far, and Chat
tanooga Post of this city, which has
no candidate for any office, will use its
influence to have him chosen by ac
clamation. For chaplain, J. A. Cruzan
of San Francisco, the incumbent, is out
for re-election, and Rev. A. Drahms,
chaplain at San Quentin prison, is his
opponent.
The Sons of Veterans have fourteen
camps in their division, including one
in Honolulu, which is a gain of four
for the year. The membership has in
creased by 116, making the total 418.
The old Indebtedness has been wiped
out and the money in the treasury dou
bled. Colonel Charles L. Pierce, divis
ion commander, is fighting to have the
organization establish permanent head
quarters in San Francisco and hold
meetings at a different date from the
Grand Army, so that the veterans who
are honorary members of this organiza
tion can attend the encampments. He
urges the formation of each camp into
a uniformed company, pledged and
ready at all times to respond to the call
of the country when soldiers are want
ed on the field of battle.
The Women's Relief Corps reports for
the past year will make a gratifying
Bhowing. The membership has grown
from 2959 to 3100.
Seven new corps have been institu
ted, giving a total of sixty-seven in the
department. Nearly $5500 has been ex
pended for relief.
Two of the Grand Army delegates
here are receiving special honors on all
hands. Each wears the Congressional
medal of honor bestowed for bravery.
One is Judge Buckles and the other
Colonel Parnell. The latter is one of
the only two- survivors of Balaklava on
this coast. Colonel Trevelyan of Fres
no is the other survivor of that charge,
but is not here.
To-morrow morning all the bodies
will go into session for work. In the
evening a reception will be given them
and on Wednesday will occur the pa
rade and the visit to the mines.
INSTRUCTORS FOR THE
SUMMER SCHOOL
Stanford and Berkeley Professors to
Take Charge of Classes at
Pacific Grove.
PALO ALTO, April IS.-The Pacific
Grove Summer School, which will in a
great measure supply the place of the
Stanford Summer School now discontin
ued, will begin on June 6 for the long
term. On June 20 the short term will
commence. Arrangements have be«h
made with Stanford and the University
of California to giv« six hours 1 university
credit for work done in the courses. The
high school buildings have been engaged
for class room work. Somo of the best
men of both universities have been in
duced to give services. Tne Taculty will
be as follows:
Latin- Professors Meprlll und Htubani of
Bprkeley.
Greek— Professor Flasrg. Berkeley.
German— Professors Goebel and Buehner of
Stanford.
French and Spanish— Professor Davidson of
Stanford.
Old English and Anglo-Saxon— Professor
Fluegel of Stanford.
Kr.i-lisOi — I. Outcnlt of Stanford.
Pedagogy— Professor Sarbuck of Stanford.
American and English History— Professor
Duniway of Stanford.
Mathematics— Professor Cox of Stanford.
Physics— Professor Murphy of Ptam'ord.
T,nw— L. J. Hinsdale of Stanford.
Hygiene and Physical Training— Miss \da
K<l wards and Helen M. McGilllvray of Stan
ford.
Shot by a Drunken Indian.
BAKERSFIELD. April 18. — Miguel
Leon, chief of the Tejon Indians, came to
town to-day, filled up on firewater and
in a quarrel with a Mexican named Nie
volos shi»t him in the breast. Nievolos
will die. The Indian is in jail.
The facsimile /T& V^T/r^J?* is on ever y wrapper
signature of VAa^/JT^^^uk of CASTORIA.
BRING GOLD
FROM DAWSON
T^A^o Parties Arrive on
the Steamship Utopia
at Seattle.
Over Two Hundred Thousand
Dollars Brought Out by
Four Men-
Report the Recovery of the Bodies of
Sixty-Three Victims of the
Chilcoot Avalanche.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE. April 18.— The steamship
Utopia got into port to-night, having
on board several Klondikers. One party
of four Jeft Dawson on March 18, com
ing out over the ice and reaching tide
water eighteen days later. They are
Chris Morgan of Butte County, Cali
fornia, \V. E. Lloyd of Cripple Creek,
Colo.. M. B. Hall of Spokane, Wash.,
and P. M. Madale of Seattle.
Another returning party, most of the
members of which have claims on
Stewart and Pelly Rivers, includes J.
E. McGrew, J. S. Cole, William Boh
lander, A. Habner, John Badley and M.
Sheppard. In answer to an inquiry aa
to the amount of money his party
brought out Mr. Morgan said:
"We have over $200,000 in drafts, bul
lion and dust. We all have valuable
claims and will return in a few weeks
to work them."
Morgan started from Fort Yukon on
February 23, with Captain Phil Ray
and came with him as far as Dyea. He
says:
"There is every promise for big re
sults from the Tanana River. It is not
a swift stream and is navigable about
250 miles for small steamers. The
method of prospecting has changed on
the Yukon. Old miners never looked for
gold in the flat places without any
grade. If they had done that *a year
or two ago they would have been
thought crazy. Now they are digging
down anywhere, going to bed rock and
finding gold. It is the greatest gold
bearing country In the world, and my
own opinion is that the gold in there
is only just beginning to be found.
Why, they are taking out nuggets of it
away up on the benches and side hills.
That shows that the gold deposit is not
the result of action of streams, and
that a man is Just about as likely to
find gold away from a creek bed as in
it."
The Klondikers report that the winter
trail over the ice and snow will soon
be a thing of the past. The ice is
rapidly breaking up and the rivers are
opening.
When the last man out passed the
scene of the avalanche on Chilcoot trail
sixty-three bodies had been recovered
and the work of looking for the un
fortunates was still in progress.
CONTEST FOR SALINAS'
MAYORALTY CHAIR.
Hill Refuses to Give Way to Francee,
Whom the Court Declared
Elected.
SALINAS. April IS.— When the City
Council met this evening Mayor Hill was
about to take his seat to prpside when
Attorney Renison served upon him a copy
of Judge Doollng's decision, declaring
Charles Francee elected to the position,
and demanded that Hill vacate the chair
and allow Francee take it. It was said
that as no appeal had been filed, refusal
to comply with this demand would be
contempt. Attorney Lacey advised Hill
that, if he would be guided by- counsel, he
should continue to exercise the functions
of Mayor and ignore the demand. At this
point ex-Mayor Francee aovanced to the
rail dividing the Council from the public
and made a formal demand for the
Mayor's position, uill replied that he re
spectfully declined to accede to his re
quest. This ended the incident.
After withdrawing Francee and his ad
visers held a meeting on the street and
agreed to try quo warranto proceedings.
They hold that an appeal does not stay
proceedings. The demand was made,
though ten days are allowed after judg
ment for filing an appeal.
COSTA RICA MAKING
PREPARATIONS FOR WAR.
Buys Another Steamship. Which Is
to Be Transformed Into a
Gunboat.
Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA. April IS.— Costa Rica, regard
less of all efforts being made by her sister
republics to arrive at a peaceful solution
of the question with Nicaragua, Is quietly
going on with war preparations. The
latest step In this direction is the pur
chase of the steamer Casma of the Pa
cific Steam Navigation Company for
£10,000. She arrived at Punta Arenas a
few days ago, and is feeing transformed
into a fairly good gunboat. With this
Costa Rica will have three of the garni
class, while Nicaragua possesses only one
Salvador's stand in favor of Costa Rica
although it forms part of the Greaterße
public, may tend greatly to avert war
ENGLISH CORRESPONDENT
DRIVEN FROM HAVANA.
LONDON. April 18.-The Times -an
nounces this morning that its corre
spondent has been expelled from Ha
Jf.Bs. tBTSStf the Spa " ish ««<>«•
WAR AT THE PAVILION.
A Bealistic Entertainment to Be
Given by the First Regi
ment.
The first entertainment to be given by
the First Regiment. N. Q. c. since the
reorganization of the California Na
tional Guard, will beh eld m the Mechan
ics Pay on next Friday evening. The
object will be to show the public the effi
ciency of the guard, and a strictly ser
vice demonstration will be made
The especial feature will be the bridge
building. Company B, acting as an en
maZl COrpS> W ." liurr| e<l'y construct a
bridge over an imaginary river forty feet
wide the corps working from both sides
forming the tripods and spans, and lash
ing them together from the apex and
drawing over the timbers necessary to
make the floor of the bridge. The brldee
will be fully seventy-five feet long and
It is expected that the time consumed
in its construction will not exceed eiirht
een minutes. c
During the construction of the bridge
Companies I and M will make an at
tack, resulting in an imaginary conflict
This will give the Sanitary Corps an ou
portunity of carrying off the wounded
and treating them, etc.
Governor Budd and staff, Major Gen
eral John H. Dickinson and staff Brig
adier General R. H. Warfleld and staff
and Colonel D. B. Fairbanks and staff
will be present.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
X Good Shoes x
X Are Cheap 1
♦ Now. >
4 resfriT>yfwßi "^^^ 4
4 So cheap that people are buying 4
"♦" not one pair, but three, four and five 4
♦ pairs. They are appreciating the ♦
X extraordinary advantages offered by +
x our great combination shoe sale.
4 Read prices quoted below and +
4 call around and examine our shoes +
+■ and be convinced. 4
X MONEY RETURNED IF YOU ARE X
I NOT THOROUGHLY SUITED. +
4 WE ARE SELLING ONLY 4
♦■ NEW AND UP-TO-DATE "♦■
■*" SHOES; EVERY PAIR "*"
X WORTH A AND Vj MORE X
4 THAN WE ARE ASKING. > J
4 BUT HAVING TOO MANY >
"♦" SHOES, WE ARE SACRI- "*"
X FICING PRICES TO SELL
4 QUICKLY. >
4' - 4
*" Ladies' Fine Tan Kid Oxfords, X
X turn soles, coin toe and tip. During
4 sale 4
I — $1.00
4- £
X Ladies' White Canvas and White J
4 Kid Oxfords, hand-turn soles, late +
4 coin toe. 4
+ $1.50
X Ladies' Extra Quality Paris Kid
x, Juliets, hand-turn soles, coin toe, ..
4. patent-leather tips. During sale +
t _ $2.00 J
4 _ 4
X Finest Quality Tan Chrome Kid X
+ Lace Shoes. All Tan Kid also,- _.
I 4 with the latest fancy vesting tops. +
X $2.50}
4' . X
I 4 Ladies' Extra Quality Tan Chrome +
I 4 Kid, foxed fine tan vesting tops, 4
4" welted sewed soles, stitched edges, 4
"*" soft and flexible, new style coin toe +
* and tip. Regular price $4.00. *♦"
x Sale price ~*
4 __ $3.00 X
X LADIES' FULL DRESS SHOES £
4 LATEST STYLES. 4
j4- Ladies' Finest Quality Tan Kid 4
' "*" Lace Shoes, made with fancy vest- >
" ing tops, hand-turn soles, genuine "*"
: 4 LXV French heels. During sale X
+ $3.50 ♦
X Before, $5.00. }
X Ladies' Fine Paris Kid Slippers, X
+ $1.00 >
+ Worth $1.50. +
4 -_. 4
4- Children's and Misses' Tan +
X Shoes, Button and Lace, new "*"
style coin toe and* tips. Excellent X
4. school shoes. _^
4- Sizes 7 to 8 75 C 4
♦; Sizes 8J to 11 85c ♦
X Sizes lUto2 $1.00 X
4- — >
4^-- Several hundred pairs Young +
4- Ladies' Fine Alaska Seal Lace 4
♦; School Shoes, finest wearing shoes, 4-
J" and soft and easy on the feet, "*"
X reduced from $4.00 to $2.25. "*"
InolanlrosJ
X PHELAN BUILDING, 4-
4^ 812-814 MARKET ST. X
} PHO^E 5527. "♦" '
44,4 4 4 4- : 4 44 4 ©
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated fcrms.
WRITE if you cannot call.
CONgULTATIOS-FRKK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. ••Gulda
to Health," free. „
< F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market - Street. San Francisco. Cal.
v ~ :: — ■ —
ggjlgl DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
t«^a Tgj Five hundred reward for any case
M . ; *■' we cannot cure. This secret remedy
iL—. - __ I stops all losses In 24 hours, cures
In Stl t-missions, lmpotenoy, Varlcocele
dl Hall 9 onor » rhoea - Gleet. Fits, Strictures.
jKaa Uj4J Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
f. . HH t(%ct3 of self-abu»eor excesses Sent
fT^V^™ sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, Jo; guar-
*" t " d .4 C"re- Address MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. S')s Broadway. Oakland, Cal Also
for sale at 1073U Market st., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S ««at
mm Museum of Anatomy
A Ws%\ 10E1 IiA2SST ST - tot. eth & 7th, 3. F. CtL
M «AM The L»rg*it«Mu kind in Ui« World. ■'
I^^w\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Al^Ml Ak Con»ult»Jton fre«. Writ* for Cook
\\ I & Philosophy of Marriage a
» W MAILED FRCC.LITTLE DOING
AT THE RACES
A Speckled Card Drew a
Light Attendance at
Ingleside.
Four of the Purses Picked Up
by Favorites in the
Ring.
Canaca Possessed of a Sharp Turn of
Specd — Caspar Unable to Get
a Mark.
A meek, humble-looking card confront
ed visitors to the Ingrleside track yester
day. It had a shopworn look, and attract
ed a most moderate-sized crowd L'be
weather was cool, and there was but one
redeeming feature to the sport— the music.
It was the best furnished during the en
tire racing season. Outside- of the victory
of four favorites, the racing was dull and I
featureless.
Ed Corrig&n'a filly Winifred was chalked
up favorite for the opening four-furlong |
scramble for two-year-old fillies, but |
Burns & Waterhouse dropped Bonibel In,
und the piebald lilly beat the first choice
out a couple of lengths.
Miller & Blazer finally landed a purse
with San Mateo. With the more danger
d _;s 01 ea scratched, the brown colt was
installed an even-money chance for the six- i
furlong sprint following, and after leading !
all the way downed imp. Mistral over
two lengths in 1:14' 2 . Zamar ran an in
different race, finishing in the show.
H. L. Frank's English-bred horse Bitter
Root came very near furnishing a sur
prise in the mile dash for three-year-olds,
with but four facing the barrier. Torsida,
with Thorpe In the saddle, mostly en
attention 01' speculators, ruling
a 4 to 6 favorite. Piggott, astride Bitter
t, cut oui ail th< . linn.nfe, .i.. .
hard< st c . beaten but
. ■ ■■ •
vorite. MorelUto disappointed his friends
by finishing behind San Venado.
Twinkler was always favorite in the
ring for the mile ajid a quarter run, de
1 under Selling conditions, and with
■ son up came on from third position
when squared away for the wire, win
ning cleverly from the 50 to 1 shot. Little
Cripple. "Pop" Weaver was a close
third on his gelding Tulare.
; Hall appears to have another
shifty trick in the Crighton-Xellie Bell
lilly Canace. An pven-monoy favorite in
the betting on the tive-furlbng spin fnr
two-year-olds, she was in front the entire
r'Ute, and downed Ach in a canter in 1:02
Caspar was served up a piping hot fa
vorite for the final mile selling affair, and
gotung cut off at the turn was never
prominent. Miss Ross led to the stretch
where Lena took command and won
handily from the 40 to 1 shot, Veloz
TRACK NOTES.
Satyr Ftarte<l with Galen Brown's colors up
for th<? first time in the mile and a quarter
run, an.l after covering half a mile well up
near the front, bmke f^wn bidly. The bay
uld hardly hobble off the" track and
will have to fee shelved.
Arh doesn't seem to like a route. He was
sprawling all over the track at the finish.
Al Martin thinks the Judges a trifle out of
line when they ordered the entry of Lost Girl
refused some days at-o at Oakland for incon
sistent running. The mare has had a severe
Jgnlnc. an d. if the officials observed
C «\ y l f y must huv * sc-ti that he was cut
on in her last race at least three times
There was a finely developed play on Justine
P ,^ e a nd P"" w In the last event. She was
ridden by CUwson. Joe Rose did not fancy her
chances and took a hard fall out of the Com-
TO-DAYS ENTRIES.
First One-half mile; maiden two-year
595 Zaeatoea 1091 906 Owyhee 115
814 Chilcoot Pass. ..114 895 Rey Hooker 114
...St. Christine.. 912 Distance . "14
843 Ann Page 113 906 Abano m
... Jloritello 1181 JJ '
y^^:^!^K eVen ' c ' ghthß ° f a m " c: three
««^ harI s Le Bel .107| m Daisy F... 105
<S">£™ Luis 107, gs6 Prompto lio
lds on 116 Pl 3 Mistleton . 1 2
Sl3 Elsmore no 907 Abina ....... 105
JwarS; all^Pcel mlle: four-year-oMs'^d
BMltnp. Trlpplng..lO6 90S Flashllgfat m
herer ..I'J3I(B7B)SaUi Um a ... ..."Si
man :: :',s
(902)Grady 115 iO3 BernardlUo
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
P A w!nt?r CC M ce A e S t^^°M XE HYH V CLUB -»n*>eßlde Track-144th day of the
fast Meeting, Monday. April 18, 1898. Weather fine. Track
918.
FIRST RACE— Four furlongs; two-year-old fillies; purse, $350.
90fl Bonibel 11 j
HZ Wlnilrcd 110j
BSS Crossm'jllna llu
hi~> Amoltopec 115
906 Practi^f 105!
... Modwcna m
L
1 2
3 14
2 1
4 2
6 25
6
1 H
2 H
3 4
4 1
5 40
6
1 2
2 1
3 5
4 h
5 40
6
ixiiurpe
C. Sloan
Pißgott
W. Miller....
McDonald ...
5-2 9-2
4-5 7-10
3 4
20 80
U 40
6 15
Henneßsy
Wol'flr^ ■ x.'Burnß & Waterhouse's m. f. by Take Xotlce-Talluaa. £t
919.
SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; selling;
; purse, $300.
tone*.
»17 Ban Mateo, 4 109 6
(10 Imp. Mistral 11, 4..111 3
SSO Zamar 11, 4 in l
SOT lireak "o Day, 4....1U4 5
lestar, 4 108: 2
S9B Potentate, a 112 ; 4
reas. 6
1 3
2 I
6 2
3 1
4 1
6J
12ft
? 3
5 2
3 2
6 4
7*
1 2
2 4
BH
6 5
3 h
124
2 4
3 2
4 1
D 3
6 10
7
[I IKKUII
Ilennesßy ....
Mclntyre
Clawaon
Thorpe
4-5
12
6
5
4
6
100
4-5
15
8
6
6
9
300
Sliielda
Golden
IK.
< — ■ — - : ___: lt; — *- ' xw *™
Inner, Miller & Blazer's br. c. by Salvator-Iris. Good start. Won rid-
(3°n out.
920.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-year-olds; purse, $500.
8f.9 Torsida 108 2 24 21 24 14 ins
• 111 4 114 1 1 14 214 224
SO2 Prui \onado 1111 4 3h 34 3 2 3 114
878 Moi m| j 34 4 4 4 4*
.. 1 v. i,.ner, K. K. Smlth T s~ch. f. by Torso-Judith,
three driving.
_! __. t
Thorpe .
Plfgott ....
Ames
Shields .....
Good start.
i nurpe
Pl*sott ;
Ames
Shields
... 7-10 4-5
... 6 9
8 10
... 5-2 11-5
Won first
MO 4-5
6 9
8 10
5-2 11-5
921* l \'L n Us<U $<£ ACE ~° na and a QUarter mlles: "elllngr; thre-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horses. WeTFht.lSt. Sid. lira. V4m. %m. Sti\ Fin. I Jockeys io^ R
Bt.
896 Twinkler, 3 92! 1
916 Little Cripple, a...
535 Tularn, 4
Ki2 Rey del Tierra, 4...W2 3
916 Attlrus, 4 ';, 5
815 Batyr. 4... 107 j 2
6 14
2 2
4 1
1 1
6
3 14
5 4
2 24
m;
c
I h
4 4
1 h
3 2
2 4
6
•
3 4
1 4
4 4
2 1
6
1 H 11
22 2 4
4 I 8 2,*
314 420 I
6 6
Clawßon
Mclntyre ....
Weaver
McDonald ...
Garrlgan .....
6-5
30
10
7
60
8-5
6-5
60
12
60
2
sti^ssrtgd'riv^ 111^ Boot. & son's .c. by top.
lomeius ....... [ X-
Brutus-Nabette.
[Shields
-j Z
Good
922. FIF ™ RACE ~ Flve furlongg; selling; two-year-olds; purse. $350.
InJox. Horses. Weight.
80« Canace 107
fK Ah !10
912 I'olka 110
864 Ocorona io?
... Hannah Rpld 11l
... T)ip Kretter 110
819 La JuanlU W
701; 1,. tin 1 "* I'**^* 11 13 Clawson I": " 1
B-fi&==i : ; ; > ft r ii fcleiH i
€.sr::;:::::i8 h ::: L ft != ;;| ° :::: » 1
'i': ■■" J^'.«« fflj - ti «; j * MiiK ,J ,Js
■J"w.™ul™™ ri "' "• "*" * °°'' C "- '• '" """■ Crel ««°»-N™i^B«ll. Good
2
1
!
7
16
:::
1 Vi
■ 3 1
2 Vi
4 3
7
«H
B 2
. 1 Vi
3 1
2 Vi
4 4
7
5 2
6 4
1 1
2 i.i
3 2
4 2
6 Vi
6 2
7
1 3
2 5
3 3
4 2
6 2
64
7
qno SIXTH RACE— One mile; selling;
; purse. $3DO.
872 Lena, 4 109 2 21 3Vi 43 llVilS PigßOtt 4.4
79« Veloz, 4 11l 1 62 6.2 64 » 41 2hC. Sloan 20 20
897 Miss Robs. 6 113 « lV&.lh lh 2h 3V4 Thorpe 5 g
181 Ptentor, 4 103 7 3V4 21 2H 84 44 Woods 15 15
798 Justine, 4 105 3 414 .4 I\4 3 4 6 4 ED Clawson 5 4
904 Caspar, 4 114 4 71 62 64 6862 Mclntyre .... 4-6 1
763 Kaiser Ludwlg. 4. .110! 8 8 8 7272 73 Glover 12 60
Bi>3 Cavallo, 4 ■■■■1061 5 .6 14 7 3 8 8 8 McDonald ... 20 30
Time. 1:42%. Winner, Roland & Nichols' eh. f. by Apache-Rill. Good Btart. Won first
tares driving. %: . , .
PlgKOtt
C. Sloan
Thorpe
Woods
Clawson
Mclntyre
4
20
5
15
5
4-5
12
20
4
20
8
15
4
1
60
30
Glover
McDonald ...
Fourth Race— Five-eighths of a mile; selling.
894 Defiant 119 717 Ping 122
S6S Ternary |»i 674 Brown Prince. ..ll9
862 Lady Ashley ...117 ! SOO Sadie Schwartz. ll7
710 Little T G 117 82« Gntlelb U9
(894)Oahu lit vO7 Tempse 117
758 Rosa 117 £.25 Aprona 117
(S37)Pt. Philip HO 710 Judge Napton...ll9
417 On Gua Nita...117 $00 Ockturuek 119
241 Amasa ll& 717 Master Mariner. ll9
*94 I.lomenus 119 837 Queen Blazes ..117
556 Emma Rey 117
Fifth Race— One end a sixteenth miles; sell-
Ing.
90S Metal re ios| 904 Treachery W8
916 Daylight 108 Si»9 Red Glenn 1W
895 Widow Jones ... 991 827 Sonlro 101
(90S)paul Pry 113 ! fsT> Tenacity \ 105
765 O'Fleta 1101 90S Peter II m
90S Twinkle Twlnk.lo:. 919 Lodestar 101
804 Coda lOS!
Plxth Race — One mile; allowances.
903 Jn P Mussle 112 fol Gold Dust 112
910 Tule X 791 Salvation 115
lOS Zaralrta 107 862 Rosormonde — 98
SOS Rapido 112 73G Terra Archer ...112
BS9 Olivia 110 403 La Goleta ?5
... Fortuna 110 526 Pasha 112
... Millbrae 112 904 Claudius 115
703 Charlemagne ...109 817 Major Hooker.. .loo
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Rae»>— Rev Hooker, Owyhee, Zacatosa.
Second Hace— Oddson, Daisy F, Charles Le
Bel.
Third Race— Satsuma. Buckwa, Joe Ullman.
Fourth Race— Oahu, Ping, Master Mariner.
Fifth Race— Paul Pry, Red Glenn, Treachery-
Sixth Race — Rosormonde, Major Hooker, Yule.
MEXICAN PETE IS £ASY.
The Man From Montana Is Evi-
dently Soft Game for Big
Jeffries.
Members of the Olympic Club who have
seen Mexican Pete epar with heavy
weight Kennedy predict a very easy vic
tory for Jeffries.
Yesterday quite a number of sports
gathered at Pete's training quarters, aa
It was privately announced that Pete
would mix matters with his trainer, and
some lively boxing would result. But the
unforeseen happened. The sports were
doomed to disappointment. Kennedy, al
though much slower than Pete, found not
the least difficulty in hitting Pete on the
neck or jaw whenever he pleased, and
Pete's return blows were so light that
Kennedy smiled each time he was hit. In
fact, the exhibition was made up princi
pally of hugging, clinching and tomfool-
erv.
Pete Is unquestionably quick on his
feet and will give Jeffries some truble to
locate him when time is called for listio.
punches. He will look a pigmy when he
stands in front of the Los Angeles cham
pion. Pete in fighting costume looks to
weigh about 165 pounds. Jeffries will have
lots of fun chasing the champion of Mon
tana, who is very quick on his pins. The
betting at Crowley & Ragett's yesterday
was $10 to $3. with Pete on the short end
and very little money In sight.
The Jefferson Athletic flub will hold its
regular monthly exhibition on Thursday
evening, April 21, at the club house.
Howry's Hall, southwest corner of Grove
and Laguna streets. The board of direc
tors has prepared a very interesting pro
gramme of boxing, wrestling, club swing-
Ing, etc. There will also be speciaU'es by
the celebrated team. Kelly, Marlowe,
Hanson and others. The boxing will con
sist of four four-round bouts for deci
sions, and the principal event will be be
tween Yank Savage- <>f the Reliance Club
of Oakland and M. Egan of the Manhat
tan Club of San Francisco.
DRAINAGE SYSTEM NEEDED.
Professor Hilgard on the Evils of
Zxcessive Irrigation in the San
Joaquin Valley.
BERKELEY, April IS.— Professor E. W. |
Hilgard, dean of the College of Agricul
ture of the State University, In a lecture
this afternoon before the agricultural
seminary on "Irrigation and Drainage,"
declared that excessive irrigation in many
parts <>f the San Joaquin has caused great
Injury in shallowing the available soil and i
causing the "rise of alkali." He declared
that the only adequate remedy for this I
evil is the establishment of a general sys
•tem of deep drainage that shall forever !
at the rise of the bottom water.
Pigeons' Remarkable Flight.
Eight homing pigeons belonging to Jonn
Mole were liberated at Ashland, Or., Sat
urday at 5:35 a. m., and were in their loft
at p;ast Oakland at 2:18 p. m.. making
the trip in the quick time of S hours and
43 minutes, an average spoed of about
10% yards per minute. The birds were
liberated by Mis? Myrtle C. Gill of Ash
land, who telegraphed to H. F. Whitman,
the race secretary of the California Hom
ing and Pigeon Club, as follows: "Liberat
ed pigeons 5:35. Weather slightly cloudy.
Wind north." Mr. Mole Is flving'hls birds
for the long distance record of 1898, and
stands an excellent chance of winning the
$25 in gold offered uy the club to the win
ner of that record. He will now send
them to Roseburg, which is about 100
miles farther north.
Thrown Into the Street.
Lee Yong Ming, a Chinese dentist at
7"4 Washington street, swore to a com
plaint in Judge Joachimsen's court yes
terday for the arrest of Lem Yuey on a
charge of battery. Ming stated that he
went to Yuey's shop on Ross alley Sun
day and bought 15 cents worth of opium,
tendering a $5 gold piece in payment.
When he asked for the change Tuey and
two others beat him and threw him into
the street.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
ORIOLES BEAT
THE SENATORS
Pitcher Hughes Puzzles
the Washington
Batsmen.
Boston's Ball-Tossers Fall Be
fore the New York
Giants.
Pittstmrg Takes Louisville's Measure
and Philadelphia Defeats
Brooklyn.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, April 18.— The base
ball season was opened here to-day by
a parade of the Washington and Bal
timore teams before the beginning of
the game. At National Park 6000 peo
ple, -with the assistance of a brass
band, welcomed the Senators and their
old-time foes, the Orioles. Hughes was
in fine form, while many batting and
fielding errors by the Senators helped
to fill out the Baltimore's score. Score:
R. H. E.
Washington 0 2 3
Baltimore 9 12 1
Batteries— Amole and McGuire; Hughes and
Clarke. Umpires— Lynch and Connelly.
NEW YORK, April Klobedanz
was not effective against New York
to-day while Seymour had the Bos
tons in trouble except in two innings.
Score:
R. H. E.
Boston 2 6 2
New York 8 10 1
Batteries— Klobedanz and Bergen; Seymour
and Warner. Umpires— Snyder and Curry. At
tendance, 7500.
LOUISVILLE, April Weak bat
ting lost the Colonels another game to
day. Klllen was very effective, while
Clarke was touched up rather lively
and his support was poor. Threaten
ing weather kept the attendance down
to 700. Score: r h £
Plttsburff 11l
Louisville ••••• 2™ 8 T , 5
Batteries— Klllen and Schrefver: W. H.
Clarke and Dexter. Umpires— Cushman and
Heydler.
PHILADELPHIA, April 18.—Phila
delphia defeated Brooklyn this after
noon by hard hitting. Attendance, 5580.
SCOre: " R. H. B.
Philadelphia *3 I<> }
Brooklyn. .........•••••••••••••••••••■•••" * •* *
Batteries^ Wheeler and McFarlan: Horton
and Ryan. Umpires— Emslle and Horton.
ST. LOUIS, April 18.— Game post
poned. Very wet grounds.
j CINCINNATI, April IS.— No game;
| rain. ______ —
ON EASTERN TRACKS.
Tennessee Derby Will Be Decided at
Memphis To-Day.
MEMPHIS, • April IS.— The Tennessee
Derby will be decided to-morrow and fiv*
have elected to face the starter. The
Schorr entry, Wilson and Lieber Karl,
seems to hold the race safe at prohibitive
odds. The track was muddy to-day.
Four and one-half furlongs— Leo Plant
er won, Clarence B second. Free Hand
third. Time. :.'A>4- rT _, ,
Six furlongs, selling— Harry Floyd won.
Ma Angeline second, Winslow third.
Time, 1:1914. _
One mile, selHngr-^Jane won, Eleanor
Holmes second. Judge Steadman third.
Time, 1:46.
One mile and seventy yards, Belling—
Traveler won, Millstream second, Basquil
third. Time. 1:50.
Six furlongs, selling— Pearl won, Tolo
Simmons second. Sedan third. Time,
1:17%;
About two miles, selling, steeplechase—
My Luck won, Bob Neeley second, Hats
Off third. Time, 4:54.
WASHINGTON, April IS.— Five and
one-half furlongs— won, Sanders
second, Takaruiassee third. Time, 1:10.
Half a — Leplda won, Miss Mark
second, Lady Exile third. Time, :Sl.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling-
Lucid won. Plantain second, Glenoine
third. Time, 1:24.
Seven furlongs, selling— Her Own won,
Wordsworth second, Passover third.
Time, 1:31%.
Owners' handicap for three-year-olds
upward, one mile and fifty yards—Thom
as Cat won, Cherry Leaf second, Our
Johnny third. Time, 1:49%.
CINCINNATI, April 18.— Four and one
half furlongs — McCarren won, Ned
Wickes second, Minch third. Time, :56.
One mile and fifty yards, selling—Van
essa won, Oscuro second, Fasig- third.
Time, 1:45%.
Six furlongs, selling— Cecil won, Judge
Baker second, Rockwall third. Time, 1:15.
Four furlongs, selling— Regent
won, Nancy Zeitz - second, Pat Garrett
third. Time :49M>.
One mile— Kriss Kringle won, Evaline
second, Kinney third. Time, 1.41^4.
Six furlongs, selling— Cyclone won, Car
rie Lyle second, Meddler third. Time, 1:15.
CARNIVAL FOB, WHEELMEN.
San Jose Cyclists Will Entertain on
Mayday.
SAN JOBE, April 18.— Wheelmen in this
city are enthusiastic over the proposition
to make May day a "Wheelmen's day."
It is planned to invite cyclists from San
Francisco, Oakland, Alameda and other
cities, and to have a grand parado in
the forenoon. There will then be a run to
Alum Rock, the city reservation, about
seven miles out from the city, and here
there will be a barbecue. An interest
ing programme will be prepared, and all
present will he assured of a pleasant
time. As a committee of arrangements
Fred M. Stern, Jesse Levy and J. \v.
Macauley. all prominent business men',
have consented to act, and there is no
doubt that the affair will be a grand
success.
CORPSE FOUND
IN A RESERVOIR.
Probable Suicide of a Middle-Aged
Man on the Balston
Estate.
EELMONT, April 18.— A queer find was
made to-day in the reservoir belonging to
the former Ralston estate, situated in the
hills behind Belmont. Mrs. Bull of Rad
cliffe Hall is the present owner of the es
tate. A man driving: some calves from
Spanishtown to Belmont this morning
noticed what he correctly supposed to be
a corpse floating on the surface of the
reservoir. On his arrival in town he noti
fied Eugene O'Neill of his discovery, and
the latter telephoned to Dr. Crow at Red
wood City, mt- Coroner of San Mateo
County. ThW doctor drove to Belmont
and with the assistance of O'Neill and
others proceeded to withdraw the corpse
from the lake.
The body was that of a middle-aged
man. wearing good clothing, but absolute
ly lacking any means of identification
No money or valuables were found on his
person.
A jury was Impaneled, and the verdict
was that the deceased had fallen into the
water Whether by accident or design
was not clearly apparent, but the opinion
of the jury Inclined to suicide. The corpse
had been in the water about ten days, and
was badly decomposed.
Invents a Beet Plow.
MONTEREY, April 18.— Louis White, a
Monterey man, has Invented a beet plow
which promises to revolutionize beet cul
ture if it stands a practical test, and
White, who has been working on the idea
for over a year, says there can be no
doubt of Its practicability. The plow Is
so arranged that by the movement of a
lever the knife can be instantly regulat
ed to cut the beets at any desired height.
White has made a working model and
will test it at Watsonville this week-
NEW ARMY TO
BE CREATED
Congress to Enact Legis-
lation Relating to
Volunteers.
Indefinite Increase of the Mili
tary Force of the United
States.
Move Made Nece36ary by the Pres
ent Constitutional Status of
the Militia.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW TORK, April 18.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Congress will be called upon
within the next few days to enact com
prehensive legislation which will pro
vide for the indefinite increase of the
United States military forces for for
eign service. The proposed legislation
will settle the vexed question of the
power of the President to use the State
National Guard for such service, should
they volunteer, by entirely obviating
the necessity of depending upon the
State organizations as such to aid in
fighting an enemy outside the United
States.
Senator Hawley, chairman of the
Senate Committee on Military Affairs,
and Representative Hull, chairman of
the House Military Committee, will in
troduce the proposed bill probably to
morrow. The measure has been pre
pared at the War Department, and
meets the approval of Secretary Alger
and the military authorities of the de
partment.
The bill is intended to meet not only
the present emergency, but to provide
for all future emergencies. The bill,
while it seeks to provide fortheinerease
of the United States army in time of
war, does notconfllct many way with the
army organization bill recently amend
ed by the House Military Committee.
The new bill provides that the mili
tary forces of the United States shall
consist of the regular army and the
militia of the States when called into
Federal service. The term "militia"
in this connection is not intended^ to
mean National Guards, but every at>le
bodied male citizen of the United
States between the ages of IS and 45.
The army is thus defined as the regu
lar standing army, which shall exist
during peace and war, and a volunteer
army, which shall be called into ser
vice by.the President whenever Con
gress shall declare that a state of war
exists, and shall be mustered out of
service at the close of hostilities.
The volunteer army is to have the
same organization of officers, regi
ments, brigades, divisions and corps as
the regular army. It is to be speci
fically a part of the United States
army, and all of its officers are to be
commanded by the President and its
recruits to be enlist-d by the United
States recruiting officers. Every vol
unteer or recruit is to be enlisted in
dividually in the United States ser
vice and is to be amenable to no State
jurisdiction. Organizations called from
the different States may, at the discre
tion of the President, bear the name
of their State for distinctive purposes
and the Governor of the State may
recommend to the President the name's
of officers up to the rank of colonel,
who may command troops raised in his
State, but the President is not bound,
to make such selections.
No limit Is set as to the size of the
volunteer army. That Is left for Con.
press to determine, in order to meet
the contingencies that may ariso.
The necessity for the proposed bill Is
found in the provisions of the consti
tution affecting the militia, which as
such may be used only within the
limits of the United States to repress
Insurrections and repel invasions. It
can in no sense, under the constitution,
be considered part of the army of the
United States for foreign service. It
is held by the War Department author
ities that should the State militia vol
unteer as organizations to serve the
Federal Government In a war carried
into a foreign territory, they are still
State troops and cannot be bound un
der the constitution to remain in the
United States service, nor can the Fed
eral Government compel them to fight
outside the limits of their State. It is
to remove the necessity of the Federal
Government being left to depend upon
organizations over which it cannot con
stitutionally have exclusive Jurisdiction
that the proposed legislation is to be
introduced.
METEORIC SHOWER
STARTLES OREGONJANS.
Two Lurid Clouds With a Myriad of
Shooting Stars Traveling
Back and Forth.
PORTLAND, April IS.— The citizens of
Hunting-ton, on the Oregon Railway and
Navigation Company line, near the Idaho
boundary, were startled last night by the
appearance of a meteoric shower, the like
of which none of them had ever wit
nessed. Two parallel clouds strangely Il
luminated with a lurid plow stretched
across the zenith, and between them
played a fire of shooting stars that con
tinued for over four hours. The long,
narrow clouds loot ed to the excited in
habitants of Huntington like great bat
tlt-ships, and the effect produced was
sensational in the extreme. No one who
witnessed the phenomenon went to bed
at all, and to-day it is the chief topic of
conversation in the village and surround
ings.
The shower was first noticed at about
9 o'clock and continued with unabated
brilliancy until long after midnight. Com
ing at this time many who saw it attach
special significance to it and declare that
it Is prophetic of an Impending naval
conflict between a united states vessel
and one of Spain.
Thrown Prom His Carriage.
NAPA. April IS.— County Physician E.
Z. Hennessey met a serious accident to
i day, which resulted in severe injury.
! While he was getting into his vehicle his
horse started suddenly and threw him out
> on his back. The horse ran away and the
rig was demolished. The doctor's injuries
are not considered dangerous.
Death of a Napa Citizen.
NAPA. April IS.— Michael Tobln, a
native of Ireland, aged 65 years, and an
old resident of Napa, died at his home
In this city last night. The deceased ia
mourned by a widow.
Baseball at Mayfield.
MATPIELD April 18.— The home team
defeated the Redwood City Wilmots yes-
I terday by a score of 2G to 9.
If President imcKinley to-day
signs the resolutions adopted by Con
gress, the fact will not only be an
nounced on all The Call bulletin
boards, but will be signaled by hoist
ing the national flag in the place of
The Call flag on the Claus Spreckels
building. If the signature is not
given until to-night, it will be sig
naled by a display of red fire from
the lantern for an hour. Watch for
the signals.
CLINTON TIRED
OF REFORMING
His Resolution to Restrict
the Racing Season
Defeated.
Another Postponement on the
Proposition of a Mission
Monkey Ranch.
Efforts to Put Through the Third-
Street Paving Job Have Not Yet
Been Abandoned.
Three matters of more than usual im
portance came up before the Board of
Supervisors yesterday. One of these, the
Third street paving job, involving $2100,
attracted little attention, but the other
two, relating to the racing season in this
city, and the proposed Mission monkey
ranch, caused considerable discussion.
At last week's session Mayor Phelan
vetoed the contract for "repairing" Third
street, between Mission and Howard,
which had been let to Flinn & Treacy for
$2100. His reason -was that the explana
tion made by J. J. Dowling for with
drawing his bid of $950 for the same work
was not satisfactory. The matter came
up yesterday on a motion to refer the sub
ject again to the Street Committee, which
would indicate that hope has not been
abandoned of putting the "job" through.
The motion was carried.
Clinton's racing resolution, ■which was
amended by a special committee last
week so as to provide for sixty consecu
tive days' racing, exclusive of Sundays,
met with a fate that caused its author
to exclaim in tones of discouragement:
"From this moment I cease to attempt
to be a reformer."
When it was reached on the file. Smith
moved that action on it be indefinitely
postponed.
Clinton moved, as an amendment, that
it be passed to print. He argued that by
reducing the racing period in this city
from six months to six weeks, an im
portant step would be taken toward the
abatement of the poolroom evil.
Smith claimed that a State law would
be necessary to do this, as there was
nothing to prevent racing in neighbor
ing cities, for which pools would be sold
in this city. The only Undency of the
resolution, if passed, he argued, would be
to discriminate against San Francisco.
Lackmann opposed Clinton's amend
ment for the same reasons set forth by
Smith.
On roll call, Clinton and Rivers were
the only members to vote for the amend
ment. Devany, Haskins, Delany, Shee
han, Lackmann, Rottanzl, Morton, Britt
and Smith voted in the negative. Dodge
was absent.
Smith's original motion was carried
without objection, and it was at this
point that Clinton renounced the role of
reformer.
In order to provide for the continued
lighting of public buildings, the provisions
of the one-twelfth act were suspended,
bo far as they related to the public build
ing lighting fund. Mayor Phelan an
nounced that the $30,000 which was in this
fund at the beginning of the year was
already exhausted.
Clinton opened the fight on the propo
sition to give the City Attorney power to
begin condemnation suits to secure the
land for the proposed Mission Pnrk. Ho
moved that the proposition be laid over
for nine months. This received no sec
ond and Clinton, nowise discouraged,
moved that it be laid over for one month.
Lackmann came to the rescue with a sec
ond. Clinton promised that if this car
ried he would make a thorough investi
gation of the matter and would be able
tn show that the proposition involve] a
shameful waste of public money, as nine
tenths of the people in the Mission did not
want the park. The city, he added, owned
100 acres of land which could be used
for a park, if one were really wanted.
Rottanzl wanted to know what the es
timated expense would be for acquiring
the land In question.
Devany said this would be a matter for
a jury to decide, and added that the prop
erty owners were asking $£50,000 for their
lands.
Rottanzl moved to amend that action
be postponed for one week so as to give
him time to look into the matter of ex
pense.
Through the intercession of Devany, T.
V. O'Brien, who was credited by Clinton
with representing the owners of the lands
Involved, addressed the board in favor
of the park.
Rottanzi withdrew his amendment, and
a vote was taken on Clinton's motion to
postpone action for one month. It was
lost by the following vote: Ayes—Lack
mann, Rottanzi, Smith, Clinton. Total. 4.
Noes— Devany, HasKlns, Delany, Shee
han, Morton, Brltt. Rivers. Total, 7.
Rottanzi moved to postpone for a week,
and this was carried without objection.
Delany introduced a resolution grant-
Ing permission to the Western Addition
Athletic Club to give boxing exhibitions.
This was changed so as to exclude pro
fessionals from participating and was
passed.
A similar petition from the Alpine Ath
letic Club, with headquarters at 28 Gold
en Gate avenue, was presented and re
ferred to the proper committee.
The following veto message of the
Mayor was read:
SAN FRANCISCO, April IS, IS9S
The Honorable, the Board of Supervisors nf
the City and County of San Francisco— Gentle
men: Herewith I return to you without my
approval a demand on the treasury by the
Edison Light and Power Company for $12S" a
alleged to be due for electric light supplied
to the Free Public Library and the City
Hall during the month of December
1897, according to meter statements. i
have had a test made or the electric
meters in use in the City Hall and find that
out of those examined eleven are running fast
and two are running slow, and this is the rea
son for my objection. I recommend that your
Finance Committee demand a rebate on the
itemized showing, which I herewith submit
I'nder similar conditions the Palace Hotel iri
this city has demnnded and received a large
rebate. The lighting fund for public build
ings set aside at the beginning of the year, as
you are aware, has been depleted, and hence
the necessity for some action on your part
Respectfully, JAMES r> Mayor.
It was referred to the Finance Commit
tee.
♦
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work of the
Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street Improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWARD OF CONTRACTS.
Clay, 137:6 feet west of Baker, thence alone
southerly line of Fame 137 feet— Paving, to City
Improvement Company.
York, Twenty-second to Twenty-third— Pav
ing, to Pacific Paving Company.
Alabama, Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
Paving, to City Street Improvement Company.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Clayton. Haight to Page— Curbs, pipe sewer.
pßvin?, etc.
P street south, First to Second avenue, ex
tending to a depth of 50 feet on both sides—
Grading.
RECOMMENDED BY STPERINXENDENT
OF STREETS.
Chestnut. Fillmore to Broderlck — Paving,
curbing, etc.
Chestnut. Brnderick to Baker— Same.
Broderiek, Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Chestnut. Van Ness avenue and westerly line
of Lacuna— Same.
Stelmr, Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Stelner, Chestnut to Franeisrt<- Same.
Pierce, Lombard to Chestnut — Same.
Pierce, Chestnut to Francisco — Same.
Devlsadero, Greenwich to Lombard— Same.
Devisadero, Lombard to Chestnut— Same.
Devisadero, Chestnut to Francisco — Same.
Geary, Octavla to Lacuna — Sidewalks.
RESOLUTION OF FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Twenty-third, Chattanooga to Church—Cob
bles.
Eighth street, Brannan to Townsend—Ba
salt.
Twenty-second, Folsom to Harrison — Bi
tumen.
Twenty-second, Harrison to Alabama — Bi
tumen.
RESOLUTION OF CONDITIONAL ACCEPT
ANCE.
Willow avenue, Van Ne«s avenue to Frank
, lla street— Bitumen.
Laurel avenue. Van Ness avenue to Franklin
street— Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
Fifteenth avenue, California to Lake street—
To lay pipe sewer.
Termination of D street— To construct tem
porary building- by private contract.
Fifteenth, Dolores to Church— To lay side
walks.
Twenty-flrst, Harrison to Potrero avenue— To
pave.
Second Ftreet, Fifteenth and Sixteenth ave
nues, south— To grade.
York and Twentieth— For paving.
Halght, Shrader to Stanyan— For paving.
Market— National Surety Company for cancel
lation of contract to pave.
Eighteenth. Aehbury to Uranus— Property
owners, for grading.
Bush and Baker— Property owners, for re
moval of railroad track?.
Page, Webster to Fillmore — Property owners,
to pave.
Fifteenth avenue south, P to J south— Mary
and John McDonough, curbing, paving, side
walks, etc.
Devisadero, 1707 — August Koehncke, to erect
sign on sidewalk.
Van Ness avenue and Clay street— St. Luke's
Church, for permission to erect fence on side
walk.
ORDER CHANGING AND ESTABLISHING
GRADES.
Eighteenth avenue south, Railroad avenue to
M ftreet south.
Dearborn place. Seventeenth to southerly ter
mination. ->
P.ay View, Thornton and Williams avenues
and on Latona, Pomona, Flora and Jupiter
Btmets.
De Haro, Rhode Island to Twenty-third.
PERMISSION GRANTED TO RETAIN
CURBS.
York street, Twenty-second to Twenty-third;
In front of property of W. H. Howe.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET COM
MITTEE.
La gun a. North Point, north— /gainst con
struction of sewer. \
Leavenworth, Green to Union— Agranist pav
ing.
Potrero avenue, Division to Alameda —
Against paving.
Potrero avenue, Mariposa street to Eigh
teenth, and Eighteenth to Nineteenth, includ
ing- crossing— Against paving.
Potrero avenue and Eighteenth street—Wil
liam C. Hlldebrandt— Against paving.
Potrero avenue, Mariposa to Seventeenth-
Same.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTF.D AT PREVIOUS
SESSION.
Fifteenth avenue south, Pto O— ln favor of
PUVIIIR-.
211.-1 Powell street— M. Goedecke may construct
sidewalk.
Potrero avenue, Sixteenth and Seventeenth
streets— Aga! nut paving.
Potrero avenue and Nineteenth— Same.
Potrero avenue and Twentieth— Same.
Army, N'oo and Castro— Against grading.
York. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—Prop
erty-i.wners may pave.
Market, crossing of Sixth and Golden Gate
avenue— Property owners in favor of paving.
H. CORSON CLARKE
IS INDIGNANT
The Manager of "What Hap
pened to Jones" Makes a
Few Denials.
Stands Ready to Answer the Many
Charges Mads Against Him in
His Absence.
Harry Corson Clarke, the much-abused
actor-manager, arrived In town last even
ing, Intact but strong in his determina
tion to refute the many charges that have
been made against him by Thespians who
have appeared before the footlights in his
company.
"That woman" (meaning Miss Heffron)
"was paid every cent that was due her,"
said Ciark6, "and that man Loose also
received every dollar coming to him. That
woman wanted to come to the front, and
I suppose she went to the newspapers and
told them all kinds of stuff. Why, that
man Loose was a super in Frawley'a
company. I took him out with me to give
him a chance; but he likewise wanted
notoriety. I want to refute right here
that story which appeared in yesterday's
Examiner. There is no truth in it what
soever. It stated that I quarreled with
every member of my company, which
Isn't so. Six of my leading people have
signed to go with me next season, and
we intend to tour as far as Salt Lake, at
which place we intend to open on. Sep
tember 5.
"I have paid every bill that was ever
contracted by me. You know, a manager
Is not called on to pay railroad fares un
less it is in the contract, but I never
bothered about that. I have paid railroad
fares in many instances.
"It was said in the article that we were
doing a poor business and barely making
expenses. That also is untrue. During
our tour we played to big houses, and
wherever we appeared we were treated
nicely by the press and the people.
"I intend taking my company out again
this season, and have already given out
large orders for advertising, and have
booked the company in the leading towns
in this State. Managers of theaters have
offered me better terms to appear at their
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B+fl+B+B+fl+B+B+fl+B+fl+B+ B+B4-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+ B
Are Your Nerves Weak?!
+ +
fl B
a Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Will Cure b
b Weak Nerves— lt Restores All the a
b Strength of Manhood in a
iii Three Months. a
+ y^s&!l & \ ' y° ur body with +
% iSEsk J Electricity. It restores +
+ A^V & /A health and strength. +
+Ww <:^* % **~\ I \ You cannot be weak §
ra Hir" . *3£ •^-?MSi when your nerves and £
a * blood are full of the fire a
■/A^ «, • i iS^llffiß^ °^" life. Dr. Sanden's £
■ I jl^^^^T^Bßk^ Electric Belt is a won- £
B L "^^ ! Br d er f\d invigorator. Its
a toncu i s t^ ie touch of new £
+ N^^ \ip|||ypy' life, new manhood. ■+
+ . •■ . . . . . '^.■:: .-."-' ¥
flB CURED THREE YEARS AGO. +
+ ; DILLET, Washington County, Oregon, April 14, 1898. E3
■ DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: You can add my testimony to all the others that you +
_ are receiving , and you can refer any one to me. I bought one of your Belts three years M
™ - ago for general nervous weakness, which might have been termed nervous prostra- j*
+ tion. I began to feel better at once and continued Improving until I was entirely "J"
H cured. My cure was a permanent one, as I have enjoyed good health ever since. I H
j. have very highly recommended your Belt to my friends. Yours truly -A.
X W. M. JACKSON SR. jL
+ FREE BOOK FOR WEAK MEN. +
+ Read this famous work, "THREE CLASSES OF +
5 MEN." It is full of truths for weak men. It tells why »
01 medicine fails and Electricity cures, and gives hundreds fl
£ of grateful letters from men who are now happy and jjjj
+ strong. If, possible, call and examine this famous Belt. +
+ Consultation free. •
+ SANDFN FI FCTRir TO * * +
jj Jrtnucn ell-e:^ i mv- v-u., $5000 reward g
a.; v-yj 632 Market Street. San Francisco. . "vvill be paid for one of O.
_ NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— ♦»,-„. T3«i* a • m >,t^T, foil- m
■ 632 market STREET. these Belts which falls Q
+ Office hours, Ba.m.to 8 p. m. ; Sunday*, 10 to generate a current of +
fl to 1. Branches at Loa Angeles, Cal., 204& Electricity ■
j.- South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington „ r-iei.un.ay. -a
■ street: Denver. Colo.. S3l Sixteenth street; * : * X
JO Dallas, Tex., 255 Main ftreet. ■
■+B+B+B+U+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+fl+fl+B+B+B+B+B+B+fl+B+B
f\ DA A/ or FADED HAIR RESTORED to
ijlK/A T youthful color and beauty by DR.
% " ■ HAYS' HAIR HEALTH. Re-
move* dandruff and scalp disease. Don't stain
ik)n. rovers BALD spin. Absolutely harmless.
Large I'ottles *) cent 3»n t3 » at <'rnj{glsts. Kotall agents.
NO-PERCKNTAGE 1-iIARMAcy, 053 Market st.
Wnole»ale-MACK * CO.: - r.AN(!LKY Jt MICH.
iKl.rt; LW i liiiDlNG'roii & CO.
houses than before, knowing full well that
we never played to empty i
"Although I am a New Yorker, I have
adopted California as my home. I cams
here two years ago, and appeared in the
Frawley company, and was so well treat
ed that I began to love the State. I
married one of your girls. I intend to
make my home in this city. I am ready
to answer any charge made against mo.
They took advantage of my absence and
told all kinds of stories, but now that I
am here let them go ahead."
Mr. Clarke produced a small ledger to
prove that he had paid every member of
his company in full. Loose's signature
was attached to a receipt showing that
he had received $30 on April It:.
Mr. Clarke did not care to discuss Miss
Heffron's proposed $10,000 suit against
him. All he would say was that he was
ready to defend himself and had come
here with that purpose.
KILLING BREEDING FISHES.
A. V. La Motte Is Strongly Opposed
to the Capture of Steelheads
by Anglers.
Alfred V. La Motto, who has charge of
the fish hatchery near Ukiah Is un
questionably well versed in all piscatorial
affairs ai I his views on fish propagation
are well worthy of consideration, but Mr.
La Motte, in a communication to The
Call, is evidently not in line with the
doings of the Fish Commission, otherwise
he would possibly reprimand them for
amalgamating with local midwinter fish
ermen in the destruction of breeding
fishes.
During the winter season of 1597-1593
the Fish Commissioners, the chief of the
fish patrol, and some of the deputies en-
Joyed great sport in Russian River in.
hooking, playing and landing large steel
heads which were on a journey from the
ocean to spawning beds. Several largo
steelheads were taken and shipped to this
city.
But Mr. La Motte, in the following com
munication to The Call, is evidently of
the opinion that the Fish Commissioner!
and their deputies would not dream of
such a thing as making a bad precedent
for the local angling fraternity.
A little Inquiry may. however, alter Mr.
La Motte's ideas of the question of fish,
slaughter by means of red and line as
interpreted by the Board of Fish Com
missioners of this State. It has been fre
quently proven that where steelheads are
plentiful a single haul of a net will land
more fishes than are taken during a sea
son by local anglers.
Mr. La Motte's letter to The Call is,
however, self-explanatory:
Editor The Call— Dear Sir: The importance
of artificial propagation of trout Is becoming
more and more apparent each year. The num
ber of fishermen is Increasing so rapidly that
nature fails to keep pace with the demand
made on her bounty. A few years since It
was estimated that there were in San Fran
cisco 5000 people who were votaries of the
sport; now it is claimed that they exceed
10,000. Now our waters do not Increase, hence
one of these things must be done more fish
must be raised for the waters we have or
fewer fishermen can indulge in their favorite
pastime. The California Fish Commission is
taxed to the utmost of its appropriation to
supply the needs of the most prominent waters,
while other localities Just as favorable are
obliged to depend altogether on the natural
product, which is entirely inadequate. It Is
true that a more law-abiding sentiment is pre«
vailing in many localities. At the same tim«
many acts of lawlessness are indulged in. Our
indigenous trout (steelheads) ascend our
streams with the winter and spring rains on
their way to their spawning beds, and large
quantities are still butchered by the spear men,
who follow them up relentlessly. Others take
advantage of the law which permits their cap
ture in tide waters, no matter how heavily
laden they may be with eggs, knowing- full
well that every ten-pound female they kill
represents some 8000 fry destroyed, yet grum
ble at the Fish Commission the following sum
mer because the fish in the streams are becom
ing decimated. They willfully destroy the
goose that lays the golden egg and howl for
more freese to destroy. The votaries of the rod
and reel condemn the spear men, and the
spear men cry out against the law which al
lows city men, as they call them, from killing
the fish in tide water, and bo it goes, "pot
calling kittle black," while both are wrong.
If our trout Is a game fish and worthy of
conservation it should be protected wherever
found during the spawning season. Other
pseudonym sportsmen will locate themselves
on the shallow rapids and with No. 4 hook*
fill baskets with fry not more than fingerlingrs,
and call it sport. Such people have not th» in
stincts of sportsmen in them and should he
frowned down and their practice made odious.
Ask such people to subscribe a few dollars
toward the establishment of hatcheries, or the
protection of our game or fish, and they re
ply "Why, where Is the Fish Commission 7"
The editor of Recreation has properly named
them "fish and game hog«." LA MOTTE .
1 AT/FFKP V. LA MOTTE.
A Quiet Afternoon Wedding.
A quiet wedding took place in thp par
lors of the Grn.nd Hotel yesterday after
noon at 3 o'clock, when Rev. E. B. Warp,
pastor of the Healdsburc Christian
Church, was married to Mrs. Marcella
Powell, a member of his congregation
The ceremony was a very Quiet affair,
and was performed by Rev. W. B. Bern*,
editor of the Pacific Christian. Then*
was neither beat man nor bridesmaids,
and only the following; invited few were
present to offer congratulations to th«
newly married couple: Profossor and
Mrs. M. C. Ingram, Miss T^ora Ware, Mrs
Olive Allen of Santa Rosa and Mr. and
Mrs. Fred T. Prebble. Mr. and Mrs.
Ware remained at the Grand until this
morning, when they left for Curtner Sem
inary at Irvington. at which place they
will pass their honeymoon, returning 1 to
their home in Healdsburg on Thursday.
- -
56
TUESDAY. APRIL 19, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS^Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. 3. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri££e Bourn*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CMCAGO OFFICE Marqnette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICE©— 527 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
cpen until 9:30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
9:50 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1544 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock. £518
Mission street, open unttJ 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
•tract. open until 9 o'clock- 1605 PolK street, open
until 930 o'clock. NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky Mr— U. open until 9 o'clock.
AMU S EM ENTi
Baldwin— M A Stranger In New Torts
Columbia— "Delmonleo'e at 8 "
CnMfornla— ltalian Opera.
Aicarar— ••Thr> Strangre Adventures of Miss Brown.
Koroßco's— "The Diamond Breaker."
I. ltoU— "Slnb.id the Sailor."
Tlt oil— Concert Thursday afternoon.
Lrpheum— Vaudeville.
Y. M. C. A. Hall— "The Passion Play."
The Chutes-Zoo. Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympia— Corner Mason aud Eddy streets. Specialties.
Sutro Baths — Swimmluy.
El Campo — Music, dancing boating, flshinir, every Sunday,
Pacific Coast Jockey Cluo, Infrlemde— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 19, Turkish Rntrs, at 106
Grant avenue at i o'clock.
By Yon Kht'in & < o. — Thursday, April 28, Real Estate, at 606
Market Btreet, at 12 o'clock.
fJN EVIDENT MISCONCEPTION.
GENERAL MILES' order refusing permission
for the troops at the Presidio to march through
the city on their way to the front was evidently
founded on a misconception of the situation. The
General ba?ed his refusal on the ground that such a
march would be in the nature of a spectacular parade
inappropriate to the occasion. This is clearly an er
ror, and it is to be hoped the General will reconsider
his decision before the troops move.
The initial march to war by a body of soldiers
equipped for a long campaign and in fatigue uniform
is not a spectacular performance in the ordinary
meaning' of that phrase. One might as well call the
solemn service of the church a spectacular perform
ance. There is an essential and a vital difference be
tween the sight of men going about a great and noble
duty with well-ordered discipline, and a display which
is intended as a pageant merely. A parade which is
to end with a parade is a spectacular performance,
but a march of soldiers to war at the call of patriotic
duty is a very different thing and has a profoundly
different effect upon the minds of the beholders.
The patriotism of the people so keenly excited at
this time has awakened in every breast an ardent de
sire to manifest the loyalty which all feel for the flag
of the republic and the army and navy, which uphold
it in battle. It was this feeling that prompted the peo
pie to make General Lee's return a continuous ova
tion from Tampa to Washington. It was because he
stood as a representative of the nation in its attitude
toward Spain that thousands greeted him with cheers
at every station along its route. He showed himself
to the people and received the cheers as of right he
should. Does any sane man in America consider that
in doing this General Lee made himself a spectacular
show?
The desire of the people of San Francisco to see the
troops start on their march to the front is one of
honest patriotism, and not of idle curiosity. Arrange
ments had been made to permit the children of the
public schools to witness the march that it might serve
them as a memorable object lesson and instill into
them new conceptions of the honor that comes to
those who uphold the glory of the flag. It would
have entered into no man's mind that the occasion
was one of spectacular parade, and, had such a sug
gestion come from any one of less dignity than the
commanding general of the army, it would have
been hooted down with indignation.
THE TELELECTROSCOPE.
1 \EPORTS from Europe are to the effect that the
I—/ greatest marvel of the Paris exposition in iooo
will be. in all probability, the apparatus devised
by Herr Szczepanik, known as the telclectroscope, by
means of which actual scenes are made visible to
people hundreds of miles away from the spot where
they occur. The machine, it is said, has not yet been
perfected, but experiments made with it have been so
far successful that the inventor, it is reported, has re
ceived $1,250,000 for the exclusive right to use the
patent at the exposition and in France generally.
According to the London correspondent of the
New York Sun the machine is a development of the
kinctoscope. only it performs much more marvelous
feats than that invention. The scene which is to be
transmitted is divided into a number of points, each
of which is reflected in a mirror, and the reflected
ray of light is then converted into an electric current
which can be sent to almost any distance and again
converted into the corresponding .ight ray. As these
rays are thrown upon a screen in rapid succession
the result to the observer is a picture something like
that exhibited by the kinetoscope.
Great expectations are cherished of the possibilities
of the machine. If it is brought to anything like the
perfection hoped for it will enable persons many miles
distant to watch theatrical performances, games of
all kinds, and even battles that are not too widely
extended. It might even save people the trouble r.:id
cost of going to Paris to see the exposition, for
scenes in the various buildings could be transmitted
easily to surrounding countries, and possibly across
the ocean.
It goes without saying, however, that if the ma
chine is anything like equal to what the inventor
claims for it the world will not have to wait until the
Paris exposition opens in iooo to see it. There will in
all probability be a large field for it in Cuba before
long, and we shall then learn what it can do in the
way of showing battles in operation to people who
do not care to go to the battle-fields to see them.
Herr Szczepanik is in a fair way to achieve fame, and
it is to be regretted that his name can never become
popular.
There must be a ferocious set of people down in
Cuba when it is no longer safe for Clara Barton to
remain in the island.
CONGRESS HAS SPOKEN.
WITH a promptness which will be hailed with
gratification throughout the country, the two
houses of Congress have reconciled their dif
ferences and taken action on the Spanish crisis. Those
who have feared that the situation threatened a dead
lock are now relieved, and those who all along have
had an unshaken confidence in the wisdom and
patriotism of the representatives of the people have
occasion to rejoice that their faith was well founded.
The resolution adopted is somewhat in the nature
of a compromise, but it surrenders nothing of any
principle at stake. The only difference at issue be
tween the majority in the Senate and that in the
House was one of policy more than anything else,
and the basis of agreement was therefore reached
without engendering dissatisfaction on either side.
It is needless to say that the great mass of the peo
ple will be well pleased with the end of the debate.
When the bulletin announcing the resolution agreed
upon by the conference committee was placed upon
The Call bulletin boards it was greeted with cheers
by the crowds that had gathered to wait the news be
fore sleeping. When later on it was added that the
Senate had accepted the conference report the ch-ers
were louder and longer. At last, when the news came
that the House also had adopted the resolution, the
outburst of applause was as prolonged and as exultant
as if a great victory had been already achieved for the
Union and for Cuba,
By the resolution Congress declares that the Cu
bans are and of right ought to be free. This waives
the question of recognizing the Junta Government,
but leaves no doubt of the intention of the United
States to drive Spain from the island and secure the
Cubans in the enjoyment of their independence. With
that declaration the people will be satisfied. It throws
down the gantlet to Spain. She must retire or fight.
Nor can there be any doubt of what the consequence
will be. Spain will fight. We shall have war. The
Maine will be avenged.
DEMOCRATIC GOVERNORS.
T a meeting of the Democratic State Commit
/— A tee on Saturday last San Francisco was urged
I \ as a meeting place for the next State conven
tion on the ground that the party is always lucky
when it nominates a gubernatorial candidate in that
city. To practical people this may seem a curious
reason for locating a State convention, yet the facts
upon which it is based are unassailable.
Perhaps holding Democratic conventions in San
Francisco has had nothing to do with the election of
Democratic Governors, but it is nevertheless a fact
that even- time the party has nominated a candidate
elsewhere for over thirty years it has been with a sin
gle exception defeated.
During the Civil War period the Democrats were
pretty effectually kept out of office in California. The
Union party in successive elections carried the State,
and the People's party — a relic of the Vigilance Com-
mittee — ruled San Francisco. In 1867, however, the
Democracy broke the line with Governor Haight.
who was nominated by a convention held in this city
on June 19 of that year. His opponent, George C.
Gorham, was selected at Sacramento. Four years later
the Democrats, made reckless by success, held their
convention at Sacramento and renominated Haight.
He was defeated by Newton Booth. In 1875, having
apparently learned a valuable lesson, the State con
vention was again assembled at San Francisco. Wil
liam Invin was nominated and elected. In 1879 a fu
sion Democratic convention met at Sacramento. It
nominated Hugh J. Glenn, who was defeated. In 188.3
George Stoneman was nominated at San Jose and
elected, but when the Democrats nominated E. B.
Pond at the same place in 1890 they lost the fi^ht. In
the meantime, however (1886), they had won with
Washington Bartlett, who was nominated in this city.
The defeat of the San Jose candidate, as in the case
of Haight, seemed to have conveyed its lesson, for in
1894 the Democratic convention was again held in this
city. James H. Budd was nominated and elected.
This record shows that since the Civil War the
Democrats have nominated but one successful candi
date for Governor outside of this city. It is scarcely
a source of wonder, therefore, that the politicians of
that party have grown superstitious on the subject of
San Francisco gubernatorial candidates. Nor does the
Republican record serve to clear away the notion that
the place in which conventions are held has some
thing to do with the fate of the "head of the ticket."
Since 1867 the Republicans have elected three Gover
nors — Booth, Perkins and Markham. All three were
nominated by conventions held at Sacramento.
It is possible, of course, that the Democrats may
some time choose a candidate for Governor outside
of this city and win with him at the polls, but the
prospects, if the record of thirty years is put in evi
dence, would not seem to be flattering. Good judg
ment, undoubtedly, dictates that all Democratic State
conventions should be held in this city. Local hotel
keepers and others who profit by assemblages of the
unterrified will probably rejoice to know that it is un
safe to nominate Democratic candidates elsewhere,
and, if they do their duty in propagating the notion,
it is not unlikely that the politicians of that party
will soon settle down to the theory that State conven
tions in this city are political necessities. It is too bad
that Republican enndidates have to be nominated at
Sncrnmento. Otherwise we might scare the bo^cs
into holding the conventions of all parties in this
city.
Don Carlos thinks Spain should have landed an
army and captured the United States a year ago.
There is something about this which suggests the woe
of the infant when refused the moon, and it also re
calls the dread dark days when Chile almost conclud
ed to disembark 10.000 men at San Francisco and have
them sweep to New York, leaving a broad trail of
first-class desolation.
Germany's plan to seize Samoa because it thinks
this country and England too busy to prevent the
theft shows the lofty spirit which permeates the
diplomacy of Europe. Apparently it is no more ad
mirable than the sneak-thievery which strips a clothes
line.
Spanish emissaries have set out for the purpose of
conferring with the insurgents. It will be remem
bered that in the past trie emissaries who have tried
this have been shot, and no armistice has been recog
nized by the Cubans.
Spain's Consul has left Key West under different
circumstances from those marking the departure of
Lee from Havana. The Spanish gentleman can't
come back without an invitation.
When Havana papers sneer at Clara Barton and
her work intelligent people understand that the pa
pers are edited by blackguards..
THE SAX FTtAyCISCQ CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
"REMEMBER THE MOINE."
WHILE Congress is discussing the bearing of
international law upon the affair with Spain
hostile preparations go steadily ahead. That
war can be avoided is the dream of a vain hope. That
there must be the clash of arms is as certain as any
thing known to the human intelligence, save death
alone.
Discussion concerning the course of procedure is
necessary. There are prescribed methods which
needs be respected, forms which have to be duly
weighed, the opinion of other nations, precedents,
consequents. To all this Congress is expected to pay
due attention. The people wait with patience until a
conclusion shall be reached. They do not care so
much for the manner in which the final step shall be
taken. They are interested in the step and the result.
But the men who will do the fighting, the brave
sailors of the navy, the marines, the volunteers, the
commanders of battle-ships, the regular soldiers
marching away to. nameless graves, have but one
thought. It is of the Maine. Diplomacy may in
dulge in sounding periods, may delay, may hide its
purpose behind an array of verbiage, but the truth
that the wreck of the Maine is to be the real cause of
war cannot be hidden. The navy feels that a crime
has been committed. It longs for a proper vengeance.
To achieve this it is willing, from admiral to the hum
ble passer of coal, to go out upon the broad sea and
there do battle, not for Cuba; but that a great wrong
has been done and expiation is necessary and right.
They demand this. They are ready to give their lives
to back the demand.
In this self-sacrifice there is a mighty lesson. Peo
ple who have nothing but money at stake are willing
to forget the Maine, are anxious to leave to arbitra
tion the adjudication of the price of ship and seamen.
But the navy is actuated by a different and a loftier
feeling. It favors no tribunal, no regretful dole of
coin. It is convinced that such concession would be
a stain upon its honor, that at the cannon's mouth its
appeal for retribution must be made. It will man the
cannon. It will challenge the peril of the deep, the
torpedo, the broadside; it will send its gunners up the
military mast, there to perish, and the gunners are
clamoring for a chance to go to their doom. They
are saying to each other, "Remember the Maine."
To any who will make inquiry of his neighbor, of
his own intelligence, will come the assurance that the
war with Spain is not because that country has
abused its subjects, not because it has used famine
as a weapon and spread desolation throughout a fair
and productive land, but because the bones of a
noble craft are bleaching in the harbor of Havana.
It is not competent now to say why they are there.
Even if accident sent them to the bottom with their
human load Spiin treated the catastrophe in a way
which has given to it all the sinister aspect of design.
From the wreck of the Maine is springing an aveng
ing fleet. The explosion which marked her going
down marked also the end of the power of Castile in
the West. There are ships still afloat which may
thunder at the walls of Morro. But there is a ship,
silent, motionless, tenanted only by the dead, a tangle
of steel, a tomb and a monument, which is still the
potent factor in shaping the destiny of a nation. Its
guns will never speak again, but for every one of
them a hundred guns are ready. When first the ships
of the United States and Spain meet our sailors will
remember the Maine, and in the remembrance will
be. the strength of purpose and power in action.
"Remember the Maine"; it is a righteous and in
spiriting war cry.
THE YELLOW INGOLLS.
THE war situation calls into action every agency
of slander and detraction directed against the
administration. The Hearst papers offer a mar
ket to every insinuation, rumor, falsehood and cal
umny that reflects upon the President.
The fellow who seems to have the most of this
feculence for sale is Ingalls, the ex-Senator. He is:
"Like a peach that's got the yeuows
With the meanness breakin' out,"
described in the Bigelow Papers.
With a disloyal disregard of the country's interests,
he obeys instructions to abuse the President for
everything that is done or left undone. With as much
knowledge of war and tactics as a hog has of bicycle
riding, he plans campaigns and military movements;
and, with a quality of statesmanship fitted to the size of
a boodler in some "solid" ring in a City Council, he
treats of international questions as if international
law were the season's rule for baseball or slugging
matches. His viperous temper is armed with a vocab
ulary of vituperation that would be the envy of a
costermonger, and loyalty to his country sits as lightly
upon him as propriety on a Chinese boatwoman.
He knows just where to place the poison of an in
sinuation, where to plant the sting of a half-lie filled
with the venom of a whole lie. His ingenuity is ad
dressed to making other men seem as evil as he is.
Loyalty to country and fidelity to trust, in others, are
mirrors in which he sees his own petty and evil genius
reflected. His intellectual gift is the invention of a
bad motive for a good act, and the dragging down of
high purpose to the gutter wherein he roots and
grunts and makes the air foul. He is employed to de
fame the President for pay, to injure his country for
hire, to make men seem worse, for a consideration.
He tnkes a contract to spread moral pestilence for the
benefit of Hearst's yellow papers.
He is the costumer and modiste of Hearst's wanton
journals. Out of his stock of English defiled he daubs
rouge and henna, grease paints the wrinkles of de
bauchery, and sprinkles meen fun, to repair the fading
attractions of the yellow creatures and suspend for a
time the public aversion to that pair of painted
hussies.
Tosell papers he strikes at the Government of which
he was once a member, demoralizes politics which
were bettered by his retirement to private life, and
weakens every national energy that can be affected by
the virus of his abandoned mind.
The time is coming when the suppression of such
creatures will be demanded by the public safety.
When everything is in peril and all that men have is
at stake, in the great war that is now so near the pant
ing of gunners may be heard as they load and range
the guns, no yellow-jacket like Ingalls. whose sole
talent is in his sting, will be permitted to annoy the
chosen leader of the people or weaken the avenging
arm of the country by directing it to aim a false blow.
If in war the civil law is not silent it will be found
equipped with resources to silence those who, by ly
ing, make dissension at home and strengthen the
enemy abroad.
The Bakers and the Howards of Kentucky have a
nice new feud which, during: its existence of ten days,
has resulted in filling ten graves and four hospital
cots. Steps should be taken to ship this feud to
Cuba.
It seems almost a hardship that notwithstanding the
heavy mortality for March not a Supervisor nor a
School Director was on the list.
WHY AN EVENING PAPER
GIVES WAY TO WRATH
After a lucid Interval of surprising length the Bulletin Is again in the throes of unseemly anger. As usual in this
condition, it attacks The Call. There is no occasion for vituperation, and no inclination to respond to the eventngpaper
in its own terms. The question Involved is a matter of business. A collateral question is one of manners, but it Is a
waste of time to attempt to teach the Bulletin how to behave. All the woe of the evening sheet is brought upon itself
It announced with impressive display that it had secured the exclusive right to war news collected by the New York
Herald. It said this service was the most complete in the world, wherein it was right. But The Call having already bi
cured this .-^rvice, did not understand how its contemporary could also have it, together with the right to proclaim it
as exclusive. In places the Bulletin spoke of a "day" service, but growing enthusiastic In contemplation of its own
unwonted enterprise, it set forth that it was to have all the Herald war news. Naturally The Call, through its New
York representative, notified the Herald that any such arrangement would be In violation of a contract already in force
with this paper. It did this to protect its own rights.
Promptly a reply came from the New York representative that the arrangement with the Bulletin had been knocked
out, and adding other details. It was at this juncture the wrath of the evening paper became spectacular. The char
acter of the message it sent to New York may be gathered from the telegrams published herewith. It had not been
accused of lying, but the tenderness of its conscience caused it to declare that it had. In so declaring it did lie. But
what is to be expected of the Bulletin? There is no occasion for even mild surprise.
These controversies do not interest the public. It is only desired to make plain that the Herald war news Is printed
by The Call; that no other publication in San Francisco can get it. There is nothing to hinder the Bulletin from pre
senting it the evening of the same day it has appeared in this paper. The evening sheet asserts that The Call knew i
contract had been signed by the Bulletin. It did not know It. And in the proper spirit of investigation, it upset the
scheme. It seems that the service was not what the Bulletin advertised that it was to be, but doubtless it would
have possessed great news value. By boasting unduly and untruly, by setting forth that it had procured that which It
had no means of procuring, the Bulletin brought about its own undoing. It said, among other things, this: "The
Bulletin has finally closed a contract with the New York Herald for the exclusive use on this coast of its magnificent
news service, which undoubtedly is the best in the world."
Now this, according to a telegram from the Herald, according to The Call's contract, was not so, and could not
have been so. Yet even the news the Bulletin would have got, its lack of modesty has taken away from it. It counted
unhatched chickens and then kicked over the basket of eggs. Now it Is filling the air with epithets, and giving evi
dences of temper. Meanwhile the "best news service In the world" is at the disposal of The Call. It is to be hoped
the Bulletin may accept the inevitable with what grace It may, and cultivate a more benign frame of mind.
THE BULLETIN SHOWS A DISREGARD FOR FACT.
WHfIT THE DRUMS SflY
Hark! I hear the tramp of thousands.
And of armed men the hum;
Lo! a nation's hosts have (gathered
Around the quick alarming drum-
Pay lnt?, "Come,
Freeman, come!
Ere your heritage be wasted,'' Bald the quick
alarming drum.
"T,#>t me of my heart take counsel;
War la not of life the sum;
Who shall stay and reap the harvest
When the autumn days have come?"
But the drum
Rchoed, "Come!
Death shall reap tlif braver harvest,'" said the
solemn-sounding drum.
"Hut when won the comin* battle.
What of profit springs therelroroT
What if conquest, subjugation,
Kve.n greater Ills become?"
But the drum
Answered, "Come!
You must do the sum and prove it," sold the
Yankee-answering drum.
What If, 'mid the cannon's thuiri ?r.
Whistling shut and bursting bomb,
Wlien my brothers fall around me,
bliould my heart grow cold ami numb?"
But the drum
Answered, "Come!
Better there in death united than In life a
recreant— come ."
Thus they answered— hoping:, fearlnsr.
Some in faith, and doubting some.
Till a trumpet voice proclaiming.
Said. "My chosen people, come!'
Then the drum,
Lo, was dumb;
For the Kreat heart of the nation, throbbing,
answered, "Lord, we come!"
—BRET HARTE.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
FARE REDUCED-S., City. The street
car fare from the water front to the
ocean beach was reduced to 5 cents on
November 17, 1894.
ALASKA— O. S., City. As your commu
nication bears neither name nor address
the question In regard to the .vessel in
quired about cannot be furnished.
FITZSIMMONS— J. H. "and others.
City. Bob Fitzsimmons was born June
4. 1562. and he fought Corbett at Carson
City March 17. 1K97, consequently he was
not 35 years of age at the time.
BUSINESS FIRMS-C. S. J., Westside,
Cal. This department will not advertise
any business houses. Had you sent a
self-addressed and stamped envelope the
information would have been furnished
SIZE OF DOMES— Subscriber, City. The
diameter of the dome of the Capitol at
Washington, D. C, is 12434 feet, that of
St. Paul, London, is 112 feet, that of St
Peter's, at Rome, 139 feet, and that of the
Midland railway, London, is 240 feet
MARRIAGE-L. M., San Jose, Cal. In
the State of California a marriage may
bo solemnized by either a Justice of the
Supreme Court, Judge of the Superior
Court Justice of the Peace, priest or min
ister of the gospel of any denomination
PERPETUAL MOTION-Inq., City.
The man who discovers perpetual motion
has a fortune within his grasp, for if h a
can clearly demonstrate that It is per
petual motion he will have any number
of offers to secure his patent. There is
no offer of any bonus for such a dis
covery.
PROBLEMS— J. \V. McG., City. Tins
department will not answer questions in
arithmetic nor solve problems, for the
reason that if it answers one it will have
to answer all. and it would not be long
before every school boy ana girl in the
city would flood the department with
questions of this kind to save themselves
the trouble of doing the work.
SEEING A LA^>Y HOME— C. A. T.,
City. This correspondent asks: "Would
it be proper for a gentleman to offer to
escort a lady to her home from a friend's
house where he met her for the first time
she being without an escort and living at
a distance?" The gentleman should offer
his services through the friend at whose
house they met. and not offer them per
sonally to the lady.
McKINLEY'S CABINET— G. C. D.,
City. The following- named are the mem
bers of President "McKinley's Cabinet-
Secretary of State, John Sherman of
Ohio; Secretary of the Treasury, Lvman
T. Gage of Illinois; Secretary of War
Russell A i Alger of Michigan; Attorney-
General John W. Griggs of New Jersey:
Postmaster-General, James A. Gary of
Maryland; Secretary of the Navy? John
Supplies that will keep-
Concentrated Strength—
Absolute requisites for the Alaskan
journey* Royal Baking Powder
will keep, while others will not, and
gives the most leavening gas to the
pound, thus economizing in weight*
_ ROYAL BAKING POWDER CO., NEW YORK.
D. Long of Massachusetts; Secretary of
the Interior, Cornelius .... Bliss of New
York; Secretary of Agriculture, James
Wilson of lowa.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fruit 60c per lb at Townsend'a.'
■ * ■
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. *
■ ♦ ■
Prince Bismarck is daily hoping: to ba
able to dispense with his bathchair, to
which he has lately taken a vehement
dislike. His sentiments and opinions are
always of a most determined character,
though his nurses say he is (by reason of
will power) a docile and good patient. f
No well regulated household should be with
out Dlt. T. G. B. SIEGEI'.T & SONS' ANGOSTURA
Bittkks. Unequalled as an appetizing- tonic.
For coroits. Asthma aot Thuoat disorders
,Hrown'i Bronchial Troth** 1 are an effectual
remedy. Sold only in "ooses.
Russia is beginning to honor her Si
berian explorers. A statue Is to be erect
ed at Chabarowski, on the Amur, of
Drshnew, the Cossack who went by sea,
from the River Kolyma to the Anadyr.
Tt is proposed, moreover, to change the
name of the East Cape into Cape Desh
new.RECEPTION HALL OF THE MASONIC HOME.
Ample Funds Secured for Its Adornment nu the Adoption of a
Unique Plan.
Plans for the splendid reception-hall of the Home for Widows and Orphans that the Masons have projected have
been definitely agreed upon, and when the building is finished this hall will be the especial pride of all who contributed
to its beauty and grandeur.
As the accompanying illustration shows, the room is of magnificent dimensions, and it was at first intended to finish
it plainly in uregon pine, but R. P. Hurlbut suggested a plan whereby it was made possible to beautify it in a manner
at once novel and at the same time self-paying. There will be a marble wainscoting, a superb marble staircase,
tiled flooring, and from the top of the wainscoting ornamental tiles will be placed extending to the beams, and these tiles
are to be the means of providing funds for the entire cost.
Evfry person who contri!>utcs $5 to the fund will have his or her name engTaved upon one of these tiles, a lasting
monument to the giver's generosity. The plan has met with the approval of everybody who has heard of it, and many
subscriptions have already been pledged. Any Masonic bodies desiring to have their good deed permanently and con
spicuously recorded will be given tiles considerably larger than those for Individuals at a slightly increased cost.
So popular has this idea become that it has" been decided to set apart a space 10x50 feet on the front of the build
ing, on which will be inscribed the names of all who donate $1 to the good cause.
Interest in the festival at the Mechanics' Pavilion in aid of the home is steadily increasing, and its success Is al
ready assured. The Italian Masons are working with a will, under the leadership of James A. Devoto and F. Cavag
naro, to help it along, and the local colony promises to contribute something unique that will also be of material benefit.
The special administrators of the estate of the late James G. Fair have given their promise to assist the home.
MINISTER WHO
OPPOSES WAR
Rev. A.M. Elston Believes
Fighting to Be Un-
christian.
The Press Charged With In
flaming the Passions of
the Masses.
Mceung3 of the V ar i O us Denorn-i
national Representatives
Yesterday.
Prnf, ?r-.->r A. M. Elston, of the 'Berke
ley Bible College, in his talk before the
Christian Ministers' Association yesterday,
gave some reasons for being strongly op
posed to this country entering into" hostili
ties with Spain. He deplored the fact
that the press and even the pulpit were
tryir.p; to inflame the passions of the
masses in an endeavor to brine about
■war.
The reverend gentleman took as a text
•::arks "You shall hear of wars
and rumors of wars," Matthew 24, vi.
In part he said:
Although not directly applicable to the pres
ent contention, yet by the principle of accom
modation these words may refer to the present
warlike condition of the .rid. True, there
are wars and rumors of wars. Wars Imminent
and wars universal. The press, the pulpit and
the masses are clamoring for war. Not only
are the newspapers inflamlng-publlc passion, but
even the floodgates of public oratory have been
opened with inflammatory appeals for war. The
Rev. Thomas Dixon of New York 13 reported
to have said last Sunday in his sermon: "The
eweejilncr of the last vestige of Spanish tyr
anny from the Western Hemisphere will not be
enough. The nation that would ignore the
blowing up of the Maine and overlook that
foul blow to its honor, that black crime of the
century, Is dead and rotten and ought to be
in hell. 1 '
Are the masses Improved by such an appeal
to their passions? Are such sentiments born
of the spirit of Jesus? Was such wholesale
■laughter and relegating to hell the nature that
ignored it, Christ's method of redeeming na
tions and making them righteous? Is war to
be exalte*! by the press, the pulpit and the na
tion as the mightiest thins; instead of a relic
of barbarism? Do we worship the principle of
peace or the gods of battles? Such things to
my mind are a travesty on the ethics of Chris
tianity.
Professor Elston then went on to show
the Effects of war from an economic and
moral standpoint, and in support of his
contention, quoted many leading author
ities.
The problem of the unemployed was
tted by Rev. Edward E. Clark
at the Presbyterian Ministers' Union yes
terday, and was I'scussed very thorough
ly. Before adjournment Rev. O. C. Mil
ler led in a ten -minute prayer for the
I 'resident, Congress and the Consuls of
the nation.
At the Methodist Ministers' meeting, an
ting discussion was had over Dr.
W B. I'rmy's paper, which was read at
the preceding meeting. Dr. Matthews led
tho ile'-. ate and among those who partici
were Rev. W. M. "Woodward, Rev.
Duels, Dr. Harris, Rev. Henry
Pi< rce and Dr. P.ovard.
It was decided that John D. D. Johns.
LI. I •.. be Invited t<> deliver a lecture at
Howard Methodist Church on Monday
evening next, the subject being, "Did
man make Qod or did God make man?"
A conunlti -<n S o f Dr. Wilson.
S ev » ' Bean *. I>r - Hammon and Rev.
Mr. Bovard was appointed to make neces
sary arrangement*. The lecture will be
given undei the aussices of the Meth
odist Minißti rs Union
» A L^I baptist Ministers' Union, Rev.
A - v ad a paper on "The Jew
as a Missionary Before the Time of
Christ. At the conclusion of the inter
esting paper, a general discussion df the
matter was taken up in which all present
participated.
If President McKinley to-day
signs the resolutions adopted by Con
gress, the fact will not only be an
nounced on all The Call bulletin
boards, but will be signaled by hoist
ing the national flag in the place of
The Call flag on the Claus Spreckels
building. If the signature is not
given until to-night, it will be sig
naled by a display of red fire from
the lantern for an hour. Watch for
the signals.
The Yordi Inquest.
ALAMEDA. April ]s.— A Coroner's in
quest was hekl this morning; upon the re
mains of Miss Mar;/ Yordi, who died Sat
urday evening- from the effects of burns
from a gasoline stove. It was developed
that the stove did not explode, but must
! have been leaky, as the fluid ran on the !
; outside and was ignited, and it was while
carrying the blazing object from the room
that the poor woman received her fatal
Injuries. A verdict was rendered in ac- i
cordance with the facts as stated.
WEIGHT WILL CONTEST.
Attorney Talcott Threatened to Fight
to Gain Admittance to a
Sickroom.
OAKLAND, April 18.— Judge Ellsworth
partially heard the contest over the pro
bate of the late George T. Wright's will.
The deceased was a son of Captain
George T. Wright, and his wife filed a
sensational $25,000 damage suit against h«r
father-in-law just before his death.
H. D. Talcott testified that he drew up
the will and threatened to thrash Dr.
Krone if he interfered with the witness
visiting Mr. Wright. He said that a tele
phone conference was held with Dr. Mul
ler, after which he was given permission
to go to the sickroom. When asked what
he would have done provided his demands
were refused, Mr. Talcott answered
"Somebody would have been badly
thrashed."
The estate affected was the son's in
terest in his mother's estate, which has
never been probated. It is alleged that
the captain's second wife is the cause of
the trouble, and that the son while sick
was not ciired for by his father as ho
should have been. This Captain Wright
denies and says he did all he should have
dune.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, April 18.— The contract for
lighting the narrow gauge mole for the
ensuing year has been signed. By its
terms the railroad company will pay the
city of Alameda $900 for maintaining sev
enty-five 25-candle and six 16-candle now
er lamps on the mole and Its approaches.
The three boys arrested last week for
burglarizing a store and stealing some
paint and brushes will probably be sent
to the reform school unless their parents
send them out of the city.
Thomas Lambert was sent to the Coun
ty Jail this morning for five days for dis
turbing a Salvation Army meeting.
The Pacific Under 1 ,-, riters have reduced
the rates of insurance on »h"e school
buildings of Alameda. The rate of $1 72M.
has been lowered to $1 45, and the one of
$1 87% has been reduced to Jl 55.
The low senior class of the High School
will give a fancy dress party mis even
ing at Encinal Hall.
Alameda Parlor No. 47 of the Native
Sons will have the "Nincompoop" degree
conferred this evening by a team from
Alcalde Parlor of San Francisco. A
hilarious time is expected.
A new roadbed is being laid on the
marsh near the estuary, preparatory to
the construction of the new bridge Just
above the one at Webster street.
IMPORTANCE OF SALT-BUSH.
Results of Dry Year Experiments at
the Paso Robles Experiment
Station.
BERKELEY, April 18. — Inspector
Charles H. Shinn returned to-day from an
extended visit to the university agricul
tural experiment station at Paso Robles.
He reports that the experiments that
have been made at the station with the
Australian salt bush, a forage plant cc-
! pecially adapted to dry and poor soil,
■ have produced most gratifying results,
I and that, in spite of the failure of hay
and grain crops on account of the con
tinued dry weather, the salt bush plants
have flourished.
While passing through Kings City
Inspector Shinn visited the Spreckels
• ranch. The immense pump which has re
cently been put in to pump water from
j the Salinas River to irrigate the land
will be put in use in about two weeks.
Hr-f-ts will be planted, and In spite of the
lateness in planting a good crop is ex
pected.
D. F. Sedgwick has resigned his position
as foreman of the Paso Robles station.
John Ooley. an experienced vineyardlst of
i Paso Robles, has been temporarily secured
as workman in charge to manage the
station until the regents appoint a suc
cessor to Sedgwick.
Lorin Blacksmith Missing.
BERKELEY, April 18.— Andrew Slat
tery, a blacksmith of Lorln. has been
missing for nearly two weeks and hl
friends are becoming anxious about him.
He was a partner of Thomas Tierney, in
a shop on Harmon street near Adeline,
and a week ago last Wednesday he start
ed out to visit friends In Oakland. Noth
ing has been heard of him since and no
explanation of his disappearance has
been found.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 18.— Next Wednes
day afternoon at 4 o'clock Professor M.
E. Jaffa will speak before the chemistry
section of the Science Association on
"The Analysis of Flours and Breads."
Professor G. M. Stratton lectured at
the university this afternoon on "Job,
and the Problem of Pain."
One hundred and fifty valuable French
scientific books have just been shipped
from Paris to the University of Califor
nia Library.
At a meeting of the geology and min
eralogy section of the Science Associa
tion to-morrow evening at the university
Mr. Janes will lecture on "The Yukon
District."
A special meeting of the Associated
Students of the University will be held
to-morrow morning. In the afternoon
the election of a secretary will be held,
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
and the question of reviving the custom
of "rushing" will be voted upon.
Professor W. A. Setchell will read a
paper before the botanical seminar
Wednesday afternoon on "O. Hertlnsj's
Theory of Heredity."
Next Thursday afternoon Mrs. William
Carey Jones will give a tea "at her resi
dence in honor of Mrs. Phebe A. Hearst.
A special meeting of the Board of Re
gents of the university will be held to
morrow at 10:30 a. m. to pass on the
annual budget of the university.
Instructor W. M. Hart of the English
department lectured at the university
this afternoon on "Some Phases of Ten
nyson's Life and Art."
Berkeley Council No. SOS. National Union,
gave a very successful entertainment and
social this evening in American Hall.
Made His Pantaloons His Bank.
OAKLAND. April IS.— Engineer Fletcher
of Beckers Market reported to the police
to-night that he had been robbed of $180
Fletcher hung up his pantaloons when he
went to work this morning, and this
evening when he was again changing his
clothes he missed the money. Fletcher
lost his earnings once in a bank, and has
since carried his spare cash about with
him. ' An employe has been arrested on
suspicion.
Estuary Pirates Arrested.
OAKLAND, April Detectives Qulg
ley and Shorey arrested Robert Melville
and Bert Green at the Grove street wharf
this morning for burglary. They were
aboard the sloop Go Ask Her when taken
Into custody. They are known as bay
pirates." and use this craft to conduct
their business. Both are old offenders and
are well known to the police. They were
accused of entering another sloop and
stealing a stove and fixtures, and admit
ted their guilt.
Rosborough and Smith Safe.
OAKLAND, April 18.-Mrs. Frank N
Smith received a letter to-day from her
husband dated Chilkoot Pass the even
ing of the fearful avalanche, stating that
he and Alex Rosborough of this city were
safe, and giving some description of the
awful affair.
• m *
PATRIOTIC POLICEMEN.
They Will Be Given a Chance to As
sist in Whipping Spain.
At the meeting of the Police Commis
sioners last night a resolution was passed
allowing all the members of the depart
ment who so desire to join the active
forces of the Unitea States in case of war
with Spain. Their places will be filled by
other men, who will be expected to re
tlre as soon as the regular officers shall
I have returned. The resolution was
I brought about by the following letter
! from Policeman T. A. Atchison 01 the
Central station:
Chief Lees Esq -Dear Sir: There now seems
to be a reasonable prospect of a call bein- Is
sued by the President of the United States for
volunteers to enforce the resolutions passed hv
Con B re ? s as well as to give the Spaniards the
whipping they so richly deserve. In all wars
which this country has been engaged there
was at least one of our family holding a com
mission In some branch of the army of Uncle
Pam. I have the assurance that a commis
sion will be tendered me In the volunteers
i should they be called out. and I do not want
I to be an exception to the rule of our family
I I would not trouble you at all only for the
j fact that there Is a wife and four children de
pendent upon me, and believing trouble with
I Spain would be over In from four to six
I months, I wish to ascertain if on my re
turn to the city a position on the force would
be open to me. Kindly advise me If such ar
rangements could be made, and oblige Yours
respectfully, T. A. ATCHISON
Police Officer.
After the letter was read the following
I resolution was drawn up and adopted:
Resolved, That in the event of war between
| the United States and Spain all police
| officers of the City and County of San
Francisco who may tender their services
to the Government In the army or navy or In
any other official ca|*acity and shall actually
serve during the war shall on their return
if they bo desire, be reinstated, and that the
men appointed to fill their places during their
temporary absence shall nt onoe vacate Th«
men filling surh vacancies will, however re-
I ceive the pay of the police officers who have
temporarily laid aside their stars to fight for
their flag and country.
After the adoption of the resolution the
Commissioners toojt un the eases of Pnt
rick Perry, charged with being intoxi
cated while on duty, and Policeman Vor
aky, charged with being off his beat for
a period of four hours. Both cases were
dismissed, but the accused officers were
i severely reprimanded for their conduct
Policeman James Anderson of the Cen
tral station was promoted to the position
of sergeant, caused by the promotion of
his brother. Lieutenant Anderson
The Printers' Strike.
The printers' strike is still going on
quietly— in fact, so quietly that, as Mr.
Crocker observed yesterday, "I hardly
know that there Is a strike going on."
The -union men claim that negotiations
are pending with two offices which they
think will be won before the week Is out
while the Typothetae claim that they are
positive that this is false. Delegates
from the strike committee visited the
various outside unions which mot last
night and made an appeal for llnancial
assistance, which was answered in every
case, and in most cases the assurance
was given that there was plenty more as
soon as it was called for. This will be
pay-day with strikers again and funds
from the International have arrived so
the money collected can be used for out
side purposes.
The Typothetae claim to have already
won the battle, and the printers say the
victory will be theirs within two weeks
at the furthest.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
CANNOT DELAY
ANOTHER YEAR
Bad Crops Will Drive
Many Into the
Cities.
Land Offered fcr the Pingree
Plan Ample for a
Start.
New Organization May Be Effected
to Provide for the
Winter.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, April 15.
Over a year ago an organization was
effected in this city for the purpose of
carrying out the system of relief known
as the Pingree plan. A committee was
appointed months ago to make inquiry
regarding ttie amount of land that wouid
be placed at the disposal of the organiza
tion when it was ready to commence op
erations.
It was the original Intention to have
the plan in effect for last winter, but
nothing was done of a practical nature
and on acount of the improved conditions
of the industrial classes its need was not
felt. This winter, however, on account
of the partial failure of the fruit and
grain crops in some places and total
failure in others, will decidedly be a hard
one for many of those who depend on
agriculture. The consequence of this will
be that a large population will drift into
the cities, where they will have to be sup-
ported. These circumstances have so im
pressed themselves on some of the active
supporters of the Pingree system that
they believe an early start should be
made to put into effect that which has
been the subject of discussion for over a
year.
Mayor Thomas was at the head of the
former organization, but owing to his
many dutii-.s at the City Hall he will prob
ably be relieved of the responsibility.
A member of the committee who has
been very active in brir.ging the matter
up to a point where it is practicable said
to-day that there is no doubt during the
next winter thousands of people from the
valleys to the south will come to Oakland,
and {he Pinerree plan is the mo3t feasible
method of supporting them.
"The report of the committee showed
that there is a large quantity of available
vacant lots which the owners are only too
willing to place at the disposal of any
responsible party," said he. "It is a pity
that a start was not made last year, even
in a small way. because it would have
been a lesson the experience from which
would be invaluable this coming winter.
It is not an expensive plan to carry out;
in fact, it requires practically no money
except for seeds and plants. It will be
too late to start in when winter is here,
and the proper time to begin is now. A
great many people, on account of the de
lays that have occurred, are of the opin
ion that the project ha,s been abandoned;
but while its original committee may. per
haps, have lost some of its enthusiasm,
it cannot further be ignored."
DETERMINED BURGLARS.
Two Attempts Made to Rob an Ark.
Would-Be Thieves Fired Upon
Without Effect.
ALAMEDA, April: ft.— An old man
named Charles Raddetz has lived for
many years in an ark on the San Lean
dro bay marsh at the foot of San Jose
avenue, this city. He is reputed to be
well-to-do, and this report has apparent
ly attracted the attention of some would
be thieves, who decided to make a raid
on the place. About a fi rtnight ago
Raddetz was aroused from his slumber
one night by the noise of some one try
ing to gain an entrance to the door of
his habitation. He very quietly got out
of bed, noiselessly opened a window and
pokf-d a shotgun ■which he kept for such
emergencies out of the aperture. With
out trying to take aim he fired both bar
rels, whereupon two men ran from the
place down the road. He could see them
but indistinctly and of course could not
recognize them.
On Wednesday evening last Raddetz
had been downtown until rather a late
hour. lie was proceeding quietly toward
the ark, when lie saw a man sneaking
about it, while another stood in the road
appaicntly as a sentinel. Thereupon
Raddetz gained the beach and crept along
it until he reached the back of his ark.
By this time the fellow whom he had
seen about the place was fumbling with
the lock on the front door. The one in
tho road called out to him and asked
him why he did not open the door, and
the other replied that it had a Yale lock
and he could not gain admittance. There
upon Raddetz, who had a pistol with him,
1 c'-.: up and fired all the cartridges it
contained at the burglars. He does not
know whether he hit them or not, as they
at once took to flight and made good
their escape. Raddetz says he is not
afraid, but is prepared to give a warm
reception to any intruder who may try
and break into his place.
ESCAPED THE AVALANCHE.
A Newspaper Man's Close Coll on the
Chilkoot Pass— The Merest
Chance.
ALAMEDA, April 18.— A letter was re
ceived to-day from Walter R. Weeks, of
the Daily Encinal of this city, conveying
the welcome news to his friends and rel
atives that he had escaped the terrible
avalanche which did such destruction on
the Chilkoot Pass on the 3d of this month.
The letter was written on the day the
disaster occurred and before its full ex
tent was known. Weeks had been en
gaged in packing his outfit from the
Sheep Camp to the Scales. On the morn
ing of the accident he had to get a sup
ply of wood for his camp, and so was ont
on tho trail, over which ho had been pass
ing regularly for several day-8 with por
tions of his outfit. There were rumors
of tho loss of anywhere between fifty
and throe hundred men, and he saw
eighteen or twenty brought in shortly
after the disaster. Most of his outfit was
at Scales, and he expected that it had
bof-n buried beneath the avalanche, but
said that he did not care about that so
long as he was alive, as be realized what
a narrow escape he had had.
BAGLEY'S EEMAINS WANTED.
Will Be Shipped East To-Day by the
Masons and Illks.
OAKLAND. April IS.— A dispatch was
received to-day from St. Paul, Minn.,
stating that N. R. Bagley, who committed
suicide yesterday, was well known here,
where he had been an employe of the
Northern Pacific Railroad. His mother
and other relatives live there, and were
greatly shocked at the death of the young
man. His health failed and he had to
resign his position and has been traveling
since In the hope of regaining it.
The following telegram giving directions
regarding the disposition of the remains
was received by Mr. Reed to-day:
- -r, , ST. PAUL, April is. 1898
George W. Reed, Exalted Ruler. B. P. O E
Oakland: Assist Masons preparing body of
Baßley. Deliver to Stateler, general agent M
P. Railway, San Francisco, for shipment to
nt£ht cure. • . •
J.T. 6CHUSLER. Exalted Ruler.
It was Impossible to comply with this
request, but the body will he forwarded
to-morrow night, and Mr. Schusler was
so notified.
The fac-slmile jHJ? */&*'. Z*~ is Oli ever "wrapper
signature of ; Wut^/ZJ!^^^ ©rCASTOKIA.
ABUNDANCE
OF WATER
No Need for Berkeley
to Risk Annual
Droughts.
Millions of Gallons Could Be
Piped at a High
Pressure.
Report* or Engineers Show That *
Good Supply Is Easily-
Available.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, April 18.
The lack of water in the district north
of Oakland has led to prospecting in the
hilly district in the southern portion of
Contra Costa County. Experts sent out
by interested parties have made reports
which tend to prove that within six miles
of Berkeley there Is a supply of water
entirely free from mineral or alkali and
amounting to 200,000 gallons per day at
the present time without any attempt at
development.
George F. Allardt of this city and T.
A. McMahon ,of Martinez, both well
known civil engineers, report that there
is a very feasible site for a reservoir be
low Bear Creek Falls. These falls are
located In the center of Rancho la Boca
de la Canada del Pinole, six miles north
east of the town of Berkeley, and twelve
miles from Oakland. There Is a water
shed there of five thousand acres, gen
erously supplied with lakes and BprTner?
of pure soft mountain water. This res
ervoir has a capacity of seven hundred
million gallons of water.
For the past twenty-five years a record
of the rainfall on this district shows that
it has been nineteen inches per annum,
which would guarantee an average daily
supply to the reservoir of two million gal
lons.
This natural site for a reservoir is 535
feet above sea level, and there is an easy
grade along the county road for a pipe
line to Berkeley, to Point Richmond, to
Crockett and Port Costa— all along the
county road. The reservoir site consists
of ninety acres of land and meets with
very favorable commendation from the
engineers.
On the property of Simon Blum at the
head of Alharnbra Valley is another
water supply that only neeas development
to be valuable to Martinez, Crockett and
Port Costa. It is located on the same
ranch, and this reservoir has an elevation
of 450 feet above tide water, and accord
ing to the estimate of the engineers has a
capacity of seventy-five million gallons.
About 60,000 gallons of pure water from
tunnel and springs run through the res
ervoir daily.
A project Is on foot to develop and util
ize those water supplies co as to make it
impossible for there to be any Berious
drought in any of the towns between
Berkeley and Martinez. These reports of
the engineers may also have some effct
on the operation of the new sugar mill,
which was formerly Starr's flour mill, at
Crockett. At the nresent time the ques
tion of an adequate water supply is caus
ing some anxiety to the management, and
it is believed that it was partly due to
the desire of the sugar mill people that
the recent surveys and reports were
made.
OPPOSED THE
CONGREGATION
The Official Board Is Badly
Defeated After a
Hearing.
Old Thirty-Fourth-Street Methodist.
Episcopal Church Fight
Renewed.
OAKLAND, April IS.— The unusual spec
tacle of the official representatives of a
church opposing the wishes <v those who
elected them is presented in the 'inirty
fourth street M. E. Church. The official
board of that organization has opposed
the congregation and attempted to depose
their pastor against the unanimous pro
test of the congregation. The represent
atives who do not represent have been
defeated, however, and Rev. John Kirby,
presiding elder of this district, refuses to
grant the prayer of the disgruntled
board.
As a result two have resigned and
left the church, but others seem deter
mined to stay. The present trouble arose
out of the interpretation of the ecclesi
astical law by Rev. E. Francis Brown,
the present pastor. Three years ago the
church was rent with discord and many
of the members left. Mr. and Mrs. J. M.
Van Every and their son, O. Van Every,
were among the disturbing element at
that time, as they are at present. Mr.
Van Every was once the pastor here, but
in the middle of his second year resigned
and passed in his credentials to avoid
puhlicity regarding some unpleasantness.
This family have taken a prominent part
in the affair, and It is claimed by Brown's
friends that the pastor"s rigid interpreta
tion of Methodism and outspoken words
regarding morality were the causes of
their bitterness.
At any rate, the official board, con
sisting of the Van Everys, George C. Hall
and wife, Lester Hiscox, Mr*. "W. A.
Rouse and Mr. and Mrs. August Dow, pe
titioned the presiding elder, John Kirby.
to remove Mr. Brown from the pastorate
of the church. The members of the con
gregation learned of the proposed move
and sent a counter petition, signed by al
most every other member and outsiders
attending the church, asking for his re
tention. As there was no charge of mis
conduct against the pastor, and a change
of pastorate in the middle of the year was
almost an unheard of state of affairs ex
cept in the grossest cases, the elders
called a meeting Of the board and with
the pastor attended the meeting.
During the session Mr. Brown stated
openly with the three Van Everys present
that "If Mr. Van Every had the least
sense of propriety he would be a thousand
miles distant from this place, instead of
being here disturbing the harmony of a
church he had nearly ruined."
No answer was made by the man at
tacked and the congregation's request for
the continuance of the pastorate was
granted. Mr. and Mrs. A. Dow with
drew from the church, but the others re
mained.
"The church Is prospering despite this
difficulty," said Mr. Brown to-night. "We
are taking in new members right along
and all of the former ones except the
board are in accord with the pastor's
actions. lam sorry this affair has be
come public, but the church's representa
tives do not represent the congregation's
views in this matter, hence they must
act for themselves."
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. April IS.— The Sunday
school orchestra of the First M. E.
Cnurch will entertain friends Tuesday
evening with a mtisicale. Orchestral
numbers will be interspersed with vocal
solos. Miss Mabel Walker will be heard.
Edward Conn was arrested on a charge
of practicing dentistry without a license.
J. D. Brown made the coi.. plaint. Conn
claims to have a certificate from the Brit
ish Government, which he says the
Dental Examiners must accept.
The name of John M. Lynn was
dropped from the Police Court docket
this morning. He was taken to Ukiah
yesterday by Jailer Lane.
PROTECTED BY
BRITISH POLICE
How the Expedition From
Oakland Saw the
Eclipse.
Professor Burckhalter Returns
and Tells of His
Success.
Believes He H«s the Best Plates or
the Event Taken by Any
Astronomer.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. April 13.
Professor Burckhalter of the Chabot
■ Observatory, who has just returned from
j India, is very sanguine of the complete
j success of his expedition. He is assured
| that aJI his plates are perfect and in ex
cellent condition, and that the investment,
from a scientific point of view, is very
| satisfactory.
On his trip to India Mr. Burckhalter
I took both the lenses donated by Mr. Pier
son of San Franciscc and Dr. Pardee of
Oakland, and used them In connection
with his own invention for photographing
the sun's corona. He is well pleased with
the result.
The camp of the Chabot expedition was
| about two miles from that of Professor
I Campbell and the Lick Observatory party.
j The British Government kindly undertook
I to see that the visitors, who had gone so
: far to view the eclipse, were treated with
i every courtesy. The government officers
! furnished the parties with tents and as-
I sistance. On the day of the eclipse the
| interest was so great that thousands of
j people flocked to the vicinity of the
I camps, and it required a detachment of
i police to keep them away so that the
! astronomers could do their work with
| comfort and accuracy. Professor Burck
! haiter's euest at the time of the eclipse
| was the assistant manager of the great
Indian Peninsular Railroad.
While not anxious to say too much
i about his own work, until able to exhibit
j the proofs, Mr. Burckhalter admits that
: his own Invention is the only device which
I gives a distinct photograph of the Inside
! details of an eclipse and the outside cor
! ona at the same time. This morning he
! appeared before his classes at the Central
I Grammar School, and referred briefly to
his trip. Since leaving Oakland October
| 30th of last year, he has been entirely
i around the world, going to India by way
: of Japan and coming home by way of
; the Suez canal and London. He says, !n
| cidentally, that In the present controversy
: with Spain it is easy for a stranger to see
the sympathy of Great Britain is with
the United States.
I VICTORY FOR MRS. MARTIN.
Announces That She Will Reopen
the Celebrated Henry Martin
Will Case.
OAKLAND, April IS.— Mrs. Isabella J.
Martin, who won so much notoriety in
, the Henry Martin will case, in San Fran
cisco three years ago, won a victory in
Judge Greene's court to-day when he ren
dered a verdict in her favor, against
August Larsen, her carpenter.
Larsen sued to recover extras on a
building he erected for Mrs. Martin. She
claimed that he had been paid by lumber
; taken sufficient to build his own home.
She also raised the point that as the suit
was not filed (or three years it should
be dismissed, and was sustained in this
point by the court.
She was much pleased at the result, and
later stated that she would reopen the
Henry Martin case, which she fought so
obstinately. She has engaged attorneys
and will soon have the case in court
again.
Mrs. Waterman's Funeral.
BERKELEY, April 18.— The funeral of
Mrs. S. D. Waterman, wife of Professor
Waterman, principal of the Berkeley
High School, took place this afternoon
from the Trinity Methodist Church, of
which Mrs. Waterman was a member.
Rev. John Coyle conducted the services,
which were attended by hundreds of
Berkeleyans, students and former stu
dents of the High School and others. All
of the public schools of Berkeley were
closed out of respect to the memory of
the deceased. The pall bearers were:
Frank Hull, A. W. Naylor, Lorenzo Ken
nedy, Simeon Hackley. Samuel Martin
and John Hausman. The interment was
in Mountain View Cemetery.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
gS3QU33&3&3£.3£tttBs&aa
s-VTf $9.35 -s
a 1' Wl v .a
% AN EASTER OFFERING. »
« We have bought 1000 pairs of Ladles' a
T. Finest Quality Royal Wine-Colored Vlel n
<Jt Kid Lace Shoes, with new coin toes
« and tips, latest style vamps and fox- ££
*■* Ings and pliable soles, at a sacrifice ~
££ from the Julian Kokenge Shoe Company «
y~ of Cincinnati. They sell regularly for Q
Q 13 50 and $4 00. but as a bargain we will **
i*i offer them for $2 35 per pair. Your Cr
** money back if shoes are not as repre- «
8 sented. '■■ ->*• '-'"" "
2 ioß@ (Pi OR o
aiml 01 s
» : ->"^%^ ft^v' ' a
a v^%*sJl "■&
a 4 ■ a
a Misses' and Children's Vlci Kid Lac« . 8
XX Shoes, with ' embroidered vesting tops, ri
w new coin toes and tips and spring heels. **
» Child's sizes. 8 to 10% $125 &
>% Misses' sizes, 11 to 2.......... 150 w
** Country orders solicited. Send for New w
# Illustrated Catalogue. Address £
a B. KATCHINSKI, a
a PHILADELPHIA. SHOE CO.,
£ »] 10 Third St., San Francisco. 0
f~\>, r - Gibbon's Dispensary,
Jk SiEr-^l*'^** Kr -*nXY ST. EsUibllshed
ran In 1854 fop the treatment
f>i£SKKARaJYKT. Established
In ISS-t for the treatment of i'rivate
(?MJU?W;^« Diseases. Lost Manhood. Debility or
t **BSi£l*Ss3 wearingon bodyanrt mindaiid
SjfnSX MM Wkin Diseases. f rhedociorcurt's»vlH'ii
%^i*sSKj"t'»e'sfa!l. Try him. Charges low
fc^jfe-.gj'SS.A'J fni-fußiiaranlffJ. Callorwrite.
l>r. J. »■•■ ..tlttOS. Box 1937. 5 an l'i»iu-Uo
AMUSEMENTS.
THE CITY IS DELIGHTED WITH THE
Cinematographic Life-Moving Enactment of
THE PASSION F»I_AY"
Every, Afternoon and Evening at 3:15 and 8:30.
at the Y. M. C. A. Auditorium. Admission, 25c.
Children, 15c.. -
A WORD OF WARNING.
Regarding the Water You Use dust at
This Tims of the Year.
In these days there is such a univer
sal interest in the water we drink that
anything bearing upon the subject is
eagerly read by the public. "It is evi
dent." says a New York Medical Jour
nal, "that the necessity of using ab
solutely pure drinking water cannot
become too strongly impressed on the
public mind, but water in that condi
tion is provided by very few communi
ties. Where such water cannot be
obtained, the ordinary drinking water,
if the least suspicion attaches to it,
should be boiled before using. Precau
tions should be taken at all times of
the year."
There are few ordinary drinking
waters that do not contain traces of
impure matter and poisonous germs,
invisible to the naked eye. If these
enter the system at a favorable time,
disease will ensue. Boiling and freez
ing, it has been shown, often fall to
destroy these dangerous foes to health.
It is known, however, that the addi
tion of a little pure spirit to contami
nated water will render it perfectly
harmless. It is recommended that
pure whiskey be used for this purpose.
The one absolutely pure medicinal,
whiskey known to the world is Duffy'3
Pure Malt. Scientists admit this, doc
tors confirm it. and the public has
proven it. There is no difficulty in
counteracting the poisons in drinking
water if this pure whiskey is used.
Care should be observed, however, to
secure Duffy's, as it is a pure medici
nal whiskey, and will accomplish what
you desire.
AMUSEMENTS.
BALDWIN THEATER.
Second and Last Week.
HOTT'S LATEST LAUGH LAUNCHER.
A STRANGER
IN NEW YORK.
Last Time Next bunday.
Next Monday— Ferris Hartman in "THB
PURSER." '
COLUMBIA THEATER.
'. A BRILLIANT OVATION.
The Fascinating
MARIE JANSEN
Presenting the Comedy Success
"DELMONICO'S AT 6!"
A Happy Blending of Mirth and Melody.
Nothing But him.
Coming— ROßEßT MANTELL. _
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
Three nights only. Grand Opera In Italian!
Messrs. Damrosch and Ellis announce the first
appearance of the renowned prima donna, Mme.
/V\ELB/\
Supported by the Damrosch-Ellis Grand Opera
Co. and the orchestra of the New York
Symphony Society.
TO-NIGHT (TUESDAY). "LA TRAVIATA."
Thursday, "The Barber of Seville:" Saturday.
"Lucia." Prices, $7. $6, $5, $4, $3, $2. Next
Sunday "Trilby." .
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Grand Reproduction of Scott Marble's Me-
chanical Drama,
THE DIAMOND BREAKER
REALISTIC EFFECTS OF PONDEROUS
MINE MACHINERY.
The Diamond Breaker at Work.
Thrilling Escape From Death.
Great Scene In the Interior of an Insane
Asylum.
Strong Cast. Clever Comedy. New Scenic
Effects.
—MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY—
Evening Prices 10c. 25c. f.Oc
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng. Proprietor & Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
Our Brilliant Spectacular Burlesque.
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
WEDNESDAY EVENING.
"BAY CITY WHEELMEN" NIGHT.
LOTS OF NOVELTIES.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
Box office always open. No telephone.
NEW BILL OF GREAT SPECIALTIES.
SECOND AND LAST WEEK OF
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS, closing
Saturday Night, April 23: HELEN MORA, Re-
nowned Barytone: McINTYRE & HEATH,
Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS & WAL-
KER. The Real Colored Boys; CHARLES R.
SWEET, The Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE, Fantastic Mimic; AJAX, the Flexible
Marvel.
Reserved Seats. 23c: Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats. 60c.
ALCAZAR. se m :Ht
LAST WEEK OF THE BEST LAUGH-MAKER
IN TOWN.
THE STRANGE
ADVENTURES
OF MISS BROWN
Next Week— Special enticement of L. R.
STOCKWELL In "THE GAY PARISIAN."
Prices loc. 2,".c. 35c, 500
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY. APRIL 24, IS9B.
Opening of the Swimming Season.
Open Nights Thereafter.
IMMENSE PROGRAMME— Commencing at
2:30 p. m.
General Admission, • 10c: Children, sc.
Bathing, Including Admission— 25c;
Children. 20c.
EVERYONE FREELY ADMITS THAT
The Finest Animals on Earth Are at the
ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable Lion," sub-
dued by Captain Cardono, and attractions
without number.
Animals trained from 10 to 2.
Open daily from 10' a. m. to 11:30 p. m. „•
10c to All. including Zoo, etc.: Children. sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evenings.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments iat city prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; Children, 15c: Including admission
to grounds.
—THE STEAMER URIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1. 3 and 5 p. m.
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
(Ingleslde Track.)
Racing From Monday, April 18, to
Saturday, April 30, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Shine.
First Race at 2 P. M.
S. P. R.R. TRAINS, 12:43 and 1:15 p. m. DAILY.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after th«
races. .'■". 'f*£
Kearny-strcet and Mission-street cars every
three minutes, direct to track without change.
Fillmore-street cars transfer each way.
S. N. ANDROUS, President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
OLYMPIA I ' n " of c tsoa *"* '
ULnUnA I Edd/ Strestj.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall
THE MARTELLES, Trick Bicyclists; MAN-
DOLA, Master of Equipoise; CHAVLIER
Trick Violinist: ELLWOOD, Female Imper-
sonator: CARLTON SISTERS, Trilby Dancers;
TUNISON, Operatic Star, and others. House
Heated. Admission Free,
78
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks opened slightly higher than
they closed on Saturday, but soon weakened
and fell back, as will be seen.
Overman and See. Belcher are both as
sessed 6c.
The favorites continue to decline on the
Bond Exchange, Hawaiian Commercial selling ;
down to $20 and Hutchinson Plantation to $42, ,
Oceanic Steamship being about $1 oft from j
Saturday.
The San Francisco Gas and Electric Com
pany will pay the regular monthly dividend
of £0 cents per share on May 1.
Weekly reports from the leading mines are
as follows:
Con. Col. A Va. mine— 1550 level— From the
north drift skirting along the footwall from I
the Incline upraise at a point ITS feet on the
■tope above this level, 100 feet In from its
mouth, east crosscut ! has been advanced 16
feet, passing through porphyry showing clay
separations; total length 73 feet. Prom the in
cline upraise 1. at a point 112 feet above the
sill floor of this level, from the south drift at
a point 300 feet In from its mouth near the end j
of the east crosscut a south drift opposite the
north drift has been advanced 5 feet, passing ;
through quarts showing narrow streaks and
bunches of ore, from which we have extracted
14 tons, assaying per mine car -samples {£8 82
per ton. 16G0 level— From incline upraise 1 at
a point 60 feet above the sill floor of this leV(
from the south drift skirting along the foot
wall at a point ITS feet from its mouth, from
the top of the upraise which has been carried '
i., 49 feet, from the south drift 100 feet in from
its mouth, the upraise baa been carried up a
feet, passing through Quartz and porphyry as- ;
saying »i per ton; total height 90 feet. From
the ld east crosscut on the Hill floor Of this
level."* at a point - feet in trom its mouth, ;
nora the upraise corned up 13 leet above the ,
Bill Boor we nave worked north along the j
east drift in Quartz showing narrow streaks
and bunches ot ore. From tnese openings we
lia\e extracted tons of ore, assaying p«.-r
mine car samples J?i :7 per ton. Have also :
extracted from this part of the mine I>> tons ;
Of low grade ore, the samples taken from cars
when raised to the surface was $U •' per ton.
1750 level— On :he eleventh floor north from the
top of the upraise iruin the north drift, 40 feet
In from the mouth, from the east drift at a
point 26 feet in f:\>m its mouth from the end
ol the north drift the east Irift has been ad
vanced .4 feet, passing through old ground of j
former workings assaying from $2 to $20 per
ton, from which we have saved 5 tons of ore
assaying $3-' 50 per ton; total length 42 feet.
The total extraction of ire tor the week
amounted to 3i> tons, the average assay value
of which, per samples taken from cars at the
surface, was $59 40 per ton.
Alpha Consolidated— On the 500-foot level,
during the week they started a south uritt
from the east crosscut at a point 35 feet east
from the main south drift and advanced the
same 12 feet through quartz. From this drift
they have ken out 42 cars of ore. The aver
age a.«say from samples taken from the cars
was, gtfld $3 10, and * ounces of silver per ton.
Sierra Nevada. Rlley tunnel— the
week we extract) I from the south side of the
tunnel 45 mining carloads of ore and stored it ,
In the ore house. The assay value of car I
samples was as follows: Gold. $35 52; silver, j
10 ounces per ton. On south side of the tunnel
the pay ore extended but 2 feet south. This
was crosscutting the ledge, or ore body. At
that point the ore shows a width of 14 feet and ;
extends in length along the tunnel for 42 feet. ;
Have completed the milling of 180 tons and I
750 pounds of ore. The average assays of bat
tery samples from the run were $59 S5. Have
shipped one bar of bullion to the United States
Mint at Carson weigh) 1096.90 ounces, for
which we received $1120 67 gold coin and 965.70 '
ounces of fine stiver. Have on hand 9300 ]
pounds of Bulphurets from the last 107 tons of |
ore, which will be shipped to Selby & Co. to- j
day i April 15). On the SHM-foot level of the ;
I'nlon shaft workings of the Sierra Nevada the
north lateral drift has been extended during
the week 10 feet; total lencth. G35 feet north
from the Sierra Nevada shaft; face in por- |
phyry, with seams of clay. We stopped at this
point and started No. ■- '.'.•■• crosscut at a
point 100 feet north from crosscut No. 5, and
advanced the same 5 feet.
Aha— We have extracted and hoisted to the
surface 32 carloads of ore. which according to
car samples assayed $,"C 42 per ton. The stopes
are looking very well and the vein is widening
as we go up on it-. Starting: the mill has been
delayed on account of not being able to get
the castings we needed from the foundry, but
we will start in to-morrow, April IC.
Brunswick lode — Con. Cat. & Va., Best &
Belcher and Gould & Curry— 6oo level— The
Joint south drift from the station has been ad
vanced 18 feet; total length 672 feet; face in
porphyry. The shaft has been sunk 15 feet on
the Incline; total depth 1018 feet; bottom in
porphyry. The Joint west crosscut started
from the south drift at a point 600 feet from
the station was advanced 12 feet; total length
23 feet; face in porphyry.
Occidental Con.— The official letter for the
past week says: 530 level— From the end of
the southwest drift from the foot of up
m!se 1 we have started a raise in ore of fair
quality. 650 level— East crosscut 5, started at
a point S4O feet from the station, has been x
tended is feet through porphyry and quartz;
total length 295 feet. The raise* from east cross
cut I, 100 feet north of the station, ha been
advanced II feet through ore assaying Sf.O per
ton: total height 26 feet. Have started a north
drift from crosscut 2 in ore of fair quality.
750 level— From the end of th° north drift from
west crosscut 1. at a point 150 feet in, we have
started an east crosscut. It is in 5 feet in a
mixture of quartz and porphyry, the quartz
showing value.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY, April 18—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. i Bid.Ask.
U S :: j onds— MEL. Co — 13Vi
4s quar coup. .loß — Oakland Ciaa.. 4" 1 -, 42' 2
4s Quar reg...11)7 108 !■, Gas Imp.. — SO
Is quar new...ll"VillSii Pac 1. Co. ... — M
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. — S2'->
Cal-:t Cab 55. 113 — San Fran 3% — j
Tat El 63 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103*4 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — Flrem's Fund. 190 — i
E L & P .127*4 — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116H Anglo-Cal .... 55 62' 2 !
Geary-Bt It ss. — 100 Bank of Cal.. - 246
'I ■"• & S 5H..100 105 Cal S D & T. — 98u
LAL Co Gs.. — 100 First Nat ....195 —
Do gntd r .. — 100 Lon I" & A... 130 —
Market-Et 65..125i£ — Mer Exchange — 15
Do Ist M ss..lloV*llo»i Nev Nat 8...151 155
Nat Vln 6s Ist — bT'; Savings Banks—
NCNr Ry T5.102 — Ser S & L.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 6b. .109 111' Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal ss..lo<Hi — Mutual Say. — 42%
N I' C R Ft 6s. 103 — S X Say U.. — 500
N PC Ry 55.. — 102 V. 3 & L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security Sl3 250 —
Oak Gas r.5...110 — Union T Co. 975 —
Do 2d Is 55.. — 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 125% California ....107V.—
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 " —
P&Ch R- .». — 110 Mark-t-st .... 50 51
Powell-st 65... 116 — Presidio 6 —
Reno ""VL&L...100 — | Powder—
SacElec Ry 53.104^105% California ....125 lfiO
SF.v N P ss. — 105 E Dynamite... — 90
SlerraßCal 6s. 102 105 Giant Con Co. — 38
S P of Ar 65. .100 102V4 Vieorit ~3 3V4
S P Cal 61.... — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 55.. — MH'AI Pan Assn.. — 96*1
S P Br 6s 110 I*- Ger Ld Wks.llo - '
S v Wat 65...114\i115*i liana P C 0... — 15
S V Wat 45... 101 — H C& S Co.. 20H 20%
Stock 'las 65.. — 103 Hutch 5 P Co. 41% 42V4 '
Water— Mer Ex Assn. »0 —
Contra Costa.. 60 58% I Nat Vln Co. — 7
Marin Co ... M — Oceanic S Co. 4314 444
•Spring Valley. 99% 90% Pac A F L.. m 2U,
Gas cv- Electric— 3 nc Bor C 0... 99% —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Pnr Paint Co. fiVi —
Morning Session.
in Alaska Packers' Association .". . 96 50
2', Hutehinson S P Co 43 25
25 do do 43 121^
25 do do 43 00
1100 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 22 00
B8 do do ." 21 75
100 do do 20 50
200 do do , 20 00
200 do do , \ 20 2r,
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 44 62%
75 s F Gas & Electric 82 50 "
2; <(,;■; ri Valley Water 9 r » 7."i
13100 Spring Valley (Is Bonds 115 50
$1000 F& N PRy Bond* 104 75
Afternoon Session.
105 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar... 20 25
SO do do !20 50
70 do do , 20 J7l ,
63 do do 20 25
100 Hutehinson S P Co. s 30 ;— 42 no
50 do do \42 25
60 do do ■ "42 00
30 Oceanic Steamship Co " 44°",
$2000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 115 60
SOVlgorit Powder 3 25
Street—
2CS S F Gaslight 3 60
INVESTMENT : OARD.
Morning Session.
10 Central Light and Power 8 00
75 8 F ':•;>.« & Electric R3 2"
CO Hawaiian C & S Co, a 15 21 GO
Afternoon Session.
100 Hawaiian C &- B Co 20 3714
40 Spring Valley >Vater 93 75
10 do do 99 i-.i,
100 rlutcbfnson S P Co a 75 "
50 Central Light & Power 8 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following, were the snips in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Homing; Session.
»00 Alta 19-3:0 Mexican .... 1?
100 20!i00Ophir El
LOO Best & Belcher. 38 50 C 7
tOO Bullion 03 300 Overman .'! 06 1
LOO Caledonia 15 100 Potosl 12 1
60 16 500 .... 41
100 Chollar 32 400 Beg Belcher .... 03
SOO 83 300 Sierra Nevada.. 7S
200 Con Cal & Va.. 78 200.. 7C
50 77 200 Union Con ...... 24
100 Crown Point ... 14 100 25
150 Gould & Curry.. 27 100 Yellow Jacket... 13
Afternoon Session.
v*> Alta 22 100 Occidental .2 SO
«00 23 LOO Ophlr r.2
KO Belcher 14 «fio Potosi 33
100 Best & Belcher. 32j2(-0 Savage ...! .... 15
GOO Bullion 03!?00 16
100 Con Cal & Va.. 72 250 Sierra Nevada!! 77
l°o 74 100 ..76
™— ••; 73 50 Standard 165
tOO Confidence 59 »00 Union Con .. 24 ;
lOOCrown Point ... 12 11001 100 Utah 08 I
W0 Gould & Curry.. 23 WOO Yellow Jacket.!! 13 |
10 Hole & Norcross 74 1
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: ■ r >'•;■;"
Morning Session.
200 Alta 19 1100 ODhlr 56
Coo 22 1000 Overman 06
800 Andes 14 300 Potoei 43
200 IS 200 42
400 Belcher 13 500 41
200 14 1200 40
200 Best A Belcher. 34 400 39
200 Caledonia W.JOO :. 38
200 Chollar 32 300 Savage 15
1200 Con Cal & Va. 7SI IIOO Sierra Nevada. M
800 73 i 800 79
SOOCrown Point ... 18 1 1200 '■ 7$
boo 1' 700 "7
300 Gould & Curry- | -300 75
200 2". . 300 Union Con 26
400 Hale * Norcross 71 hoo 25
1200 Mexican 111I 1 1 M 24
COO 17 1000 Utah 09
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 22 400 Ophlr 65
300 Belcher 14 300 Overman 05
2'« i Caledonia 17 400 Potosi 39
?r,l IS 200 38
200 10 200 «»
200 .... v 23 400 Sierra Nevada.. 75
200 21200 74
3400 Con Cal & Va. 75 300 73
200 74 300 77
COO Crown Point ... 13 M Standard 165
12;K) Gould & Curry. 25 100 Union Con ...... -4
200 24 200 Tellow Jacket... 13
200 Justice ■■ 14 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, April IS— p. m.
Ask. I /,'/ Bld.Ask.
Alpha M .06 Julia - 02
Alta 22 23 Justice 12 —
Andes 13 14!Kentuck 01 03
Belcher 14 16 Lady ash .... — 03
Benton Con .... — 2:. Mexican 17 15
Best & Eelcher 32 S3 Occidental 2.5 —
Bullion 02 03 Ophir 55 56
Caledonia 21 22 ! Overman 05 06
Chollar 23 SOlPotosl 41 42
Challenge Con. — 20 ?avage la lt>
Con Cal & Va. 74 73 Seg Belcher ... — 03
Confidence ..... — CO Scorpion — 04
Con Imperial ..01 02 Sierra Nevada. 7. a
Crown Point .. 11 13 Silver Hill .... — 02
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 05
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 160 —
Exchequer .. — 08 Union Con — 24 25
Gould Sfc Curry. 24 23 Utah 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. 65 70 Yellow Jacket. 12 13
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL LODGE NO. 144. F. and •
A. M. -Third degree THIS (TUES-
DAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. XX
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /XT
j GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30, F. and 0
V. M.— Called meeting THIS (TUBS- w^V_
DAY) EVENING, April 19, at 30 %2?
o'clock. D. 2 f\r\
GEO. J. HOBE. Secretary.
AUSTRIAN BENEVOLENT SO- K^
CIETY meets WEDNESDAY, April BKKKJS
20, at S p. m. sharp, for important KjjttH
business and appropriation. By or- {<«»»*>
der. M. SCANATICH, President. **&
A. Ci.'NNli'H, Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1, IS9S: Adah Lois
Madellen, age 3 years; Mary Josephine
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
! 9 years 8 months; Fannie Lowans, age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months;
Milllcent Huntlngton, age 4 years.
AMERICAN Battalion; Independent military
organisation. For membership apply at head-
quarters. 927 Market St., room 609. OEO. W.
JOHNSON, acting major.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth.
room 14.
! BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 5550.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 1204 Geary St., room 11.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Kearny St., room 2.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post Ft., room 10, second floor front.
1 ALVINE HALL and assistant: genuine cabinet
baths. K» ! - Turk and 1118 Market, rms. 15-15. |
MME, HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and 1
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. I
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
OFFICE of the Fireman's Fund Insurance
Company. Pan Francisco. April IS. IS9S— At a
r>-frular meeting of the board of directors of
this onmpany held this day a dividend was
declared, payable on and after April 20, IS9S.
RF.RNARD FAYMONVILLE. Sec.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend No. 54 (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSON
SUGAR PLANTATION COMPANY will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market st. cm and after Wednesday, April
J 20, IS9B. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
day, April 14, IS9S. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON, Secretary.
SITI ATIONS WANTED- FEMALE.
KKFINF.D woman, with a child, desires situa-
tion: >. r <H>'l cook and housework: best refer-
ences: country. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter.
REFINED French nurse and second girl de-
- situation: 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COMPETENT French cook desires situation;
best city references. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation: $10 to $15;
ref.: nurse or housework. MISS CULLEN,
:.-: Sutter st.
AT the Swedish and German Employment Bu-
reau a number of first-class girls awaiting
situations; cooks, second girls, chambermaids
and housegirls for city and country. MRS.
N< iRTON, 323 Sutter St. ; tel. Green 721.
A N< 1. 1 Norwegian superior cook, best refer-
ence, desires a position. J. F. CROSETT &
«' >.. 31S Sutter Kt.
FIRST-CLASS German cook, understands
American style, wishes situation In private
family; city or country- 1142 Howard st.
RESPECTABLE! girl wishes situation to do
plain cooking and general housework; no ob-
jections to Oakland. Call 124S Howard St.
STRONG young woman wishes housework;
good cook; $10 per month. R. G., box 104,
Call Office.
TWO experienced women; one as cook, other
general work, want work in some house; city
or count ry. M. M.. box 3352, Call Office.
WANTED- By respectable woman, position as
housekeeper in small family or widower's
family with children: reliable person; country
no objection. Call or address 423 Hyde st.
rOUNG German woman wishes a place In a
lodging-house or general light housework. 4
atcCormack St., bet. Hyde and Larkin.
GOVERNESS, highly educated in English
r-f. ex.; $20. 1271 Seventh aye., Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS rook, day or month; city or
country. Address 1916 Buchanan st.
ELDERLY lady wishes situation; good home
me to an object than wages. Apply 312 Clem-
entina st.
FIRST-CLASS dressmaker fmm the East will
sew in families; $2 50 per day. 231 Clement
St.. telephone 17S1 Stelner.
NEAT young girl wishes a situation to do gen-
■ 1.1.1 housework and cooking. Call 106 Morris
five, off Bryant st.
NEAT reliable girl wishes situation aa nurse
to one or two children; sleep home Box
8315. Call Offire.
HEALTHY woman with fresh breast of milk
would like infant to nurs=e; references Ad-
dress H. J.. box 3166. Call Office.
WANTED— Washing, ironing or house-clean-
ing by the day; good reference. MRS. M. E
JENSEN, U Minna st.
WANTED— By reliable young wdman position
R-« nurse to one or two children; references
Address box 3318. Call Office.
LADY would liko position as housekeeper or
traveling companion to an Invalid: good ref-
erences; home 10 to 1 and evenings. Address
MILS. QUINBT, 619 Eddy st.
lOUNQ Swedish girl wants posit. on ax walt-
ress or to do second work In private family;
best of city references. Box 3317 Call Office.
EXPERIENCED young lady wishes work In
dressmaking shop; Is good rapid sewer. Ad-
dress Dressmaker. 333:» Twenty-second st.
YOUNG girl wishes situation t<\ do general
housework; wages, US. <"aii ;;2; : i Guerrero st.
SITUATION as bookkeeper by a lady of 10
years' experience: good references. Address
8.. box 1, Call office. Oakland.
GOOD woman desires work Immediately; Is a
good worker; can do almost anythlnc; is
flrst-dass; has references; goes by the day,
$1 and car fare. 17 Third ft., room 7.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, first-class fitter
and designer, wishes few more engagements;
prices moderate. 1073 1 . Market .st.
MIDDLE-AGES woman for general housework
and cooking; city or country. Apply 10
Stockton place, b»t. Grant aye. and Stockton
st.. Sutter a*id Post.
FIRST-CLASS dress and cloak maker, wishes
few more engagements; $1 25 per day; city or
country. Address box 23, Call Branch, 106
Eleventh st.
YOI'NG woman wishes to do housework'
wages $20. SV'4 Dolores St.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
22Wi Mason st.
EXPERIKNCED lady's nurse desires a situa-
tion or take charge of Invalid; large expe-
rience: good references. Address Nurse, 344
Hrannan st.
RESPECTABLE educated woman wishes to go
to Alaska With reliable party as cook, wait-
ress or housekeeper; capable and trustful: Al
references; strictly bUElnesa. Box 3353. Call.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 18^8.
SITUATIONS V ANTED— Continued.
CAPABLE young woman wishes office or cler-
ical work; references. Box 3330, Call office.
"WANTED— To take home washing by a com-
petent woman; flannels a specialty. Send or
address MRS. JOHNSON", 4 Sherwood place.
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St., tel. Main 5832. a
number of first-class girls await positions.
WANTED— Any kind of sewing; family mend-
ing; children's work; terms reasonable. Ad-
dress Seamstress. 405 Turk st.
WANTED— Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman; music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3285. Call office.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements in
private families, or will take work at her
home. Flm-class cutter and fitter; bast ref-
erence. MRS. CHAPMAN. SOS Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West. Oakland.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no objection to short distance In
country. Call or address HO*. Mission St.. r. 10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh; guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3253.
Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALE.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
QUARTZ millmen, miners and mechanics of all
kinds promptly supplied by J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 62S Sacramento st.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414' i OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE. Chinese Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant 5r5 r Geo. Aokl. 30 Gear- st.
TO Architects— Position wanted as clerk of
works or superintendent: 10 years' European
and 11 years' American experience; good
draughtsman. Address box 3314, ("all office.
SITUATION- wanted by a boy of 13 to do any-
thing. Address IS4 Geneva St.
BOOKKEEPER wishes employment; has ex-
perience and the best of references. Address
box 3312, Call office.
COOK— Middle-aged man with some experience
as baker wishes to learn to cook. Box 3350,
Call office. .
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman, wants a
situation in private family in city or coun-
try. T. MIWIA, J2l Jessie St.
TWO young men want work as night cook,
porter, vegetable man. dishwasher, silver
man In restaurant or saloon. MAX JACOB,
737 Mission st. Phone Main 5350.
PAPERHANGER with tools, painter, etc.,
wants work; day or contract; best references.
ANTOINE. S3S Fourth st.
FIRST-CLAFS foreman and wife want place
on ranch: understand farm and vineyard
work: handy with tools: wife good cook. Ap-
ply ?MZ Twenty-fourth st.
TOTJNG man would like position In hnrseshoe-
ing shop to learn the trade. Address 2425
Mission st. Tel. Blue 441.
YOUNG man fSrandinavian) wants situation;
Is good driver: handy with tools: has good
references. Address 1429 Pacific st.
MAN 40 years old wants position as watchman
or nurse. 431 Pine st.
WANTED— PIace by steady first-class German
cook: city or country. 107 Eighth st.
SITUATION wanted by a young man at gen-
eral work; also handy with tools; objects to
horses. Address J. EULEY. room 37. Oak-
land House. 664.- Howard st.
EXPERIENCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a carpenter for hotel,
hospital, etc.; is handy with all kinds of
tools. CHARLES GLUCKUCCH. 680 Natoma.
POSITION wanted as gardener and man about
place: competent with garden work, horses,
poultry; can milk and run gas engine: good
carpenter; California references. Gardener,
box 3339, Call office.
WANTED — By experienced man. employment
1 or 2 days a week collecting rents: will fur-
nish rig; reference. Address box ?,2\'l. Call.
"WANTED— Position as stableman; thoroughly
understands the care of horses; not afraid of
WDrk, or caable of taking charge; long ex-
perience; 5 years last place. Box 3353, Call.
MAN and wife wart situations to take care
of gentleman's place; woman first-class
cook; man good teamster, farmer, under-
stands vineyard and wine cellar and general
work. Address box 3207, Call office.
GERMAN man and wife desire situations In
private family or ranch; both young and
competent: wife eood cook; wsjes $30 for
both. Pacific Employment Co., 76.1 Market st.
YOUNQ man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing; good experience;
references. Address box 3280. Call office.
' WINCHESTER House. 4i Vhlrd st.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 £0 night: $1 JO to $S
week; convenient _nd respectable; fre« 'bus
and iaedage to and from fer y.
HELP WASTED— FEMALE.
WAITRESS, (20; chambermaid and waitress,
$2u. MISS CULLEN, :;!"> Sutler st.
SECOND girl. $15; housework girl. 2 in family,
tIE. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. H»aldshurg, $25; laun-
dress, $25. MISS CULLEN. 525 Sutter St.
DRESSMAKER. $25 to $30: private family.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
SECOND girl, country. $20. see lady here;
nurse, city. $25; 12 housework girls, city and
country. $20 and $25: 8 young girls assist,
$10 to $15. MISS CULLEN. ?2f. Sutter Kt.
REFINED working housekeeper. $15, country-
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
FRENCH maid an(Tsew~; $25. MISS CULLEN.
328 Sutter st.
COOK, $35; German cook, 130. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter Bt.
MAN and wife; no objections to one child;
$25 to $30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl. Alameda. $25. 2 in family: 6 mid-
dle-aged women, country. $20 to $2".; 3 young
firls to assist. $15; 10 young girls, light work,
10 to $12. no cooking; housekeeper. $12: Ger-
man girl, 2 In family, $15; Irish house girl,
$30; 6 gor>d cooks, $25: boarding'-hoUEe cook,
J25. MRS NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
COOK, $3.'; 3 cooks, at $2o each; German cook,
*30. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, country-, $25; second girl, city,
$25. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
3 SECOND girls at $20 each; chambermaid, $15;
waitress. $20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
2 NURSEGIRL3, $15 and $20; second girl, $15.
MRS. N< 'KT< >N. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, 2 in family, $25: German house
girl. T2O. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
HEAD waitress and 2 waitresses, Santa Cruz,
$20: waitress, San Jose, $2."., rail early; 2
waitresses. $20; 2 arm waitresses, $20. hotel
work: 2 restaurant waitresses, $6 a week; 2
chambermaids to wait, $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
HOTEL laundress, call early, J25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED woman In dye house call
eariy. 110 week. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
GERMAN girl, Alameda, $20; German girl. San
Lorenzo. $20: German girl, Calistoga. $20. see
party here; a number of good house girls for
city, (15 to $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104
Geary st.
second girl, across the bay, $25; 3 second
girls, city, $20; Protestant cook, no wash.
American family. $30; dressmaker, $25; 4
cooks. Oierman style, $25 and 530; pastry cook,
US; laundress, hotel, $25; restaurant cook,
$S wpAlt; 3 waitresses, $20, $5 and $6 week:
and M ulrls for housework, $12, $15. $20 and
$25. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
WOMAN for general housework, ranch So-
noma County, $20, see party here; young wo-
man with a child on ranch, $20. MURRAY
& READY. 634 and K3C Clay st.
WAITRESS, country hotel. $207~2 waitresses
resort^ $20. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny!
WANTED— A first-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply 523 Market Et., room 7
from 2 to 2 p. m.
GIRL for light housework and sewing- good
home. Apply at store, 3003 Sixteenth st ,
above Mission st.
YOUNG girl for general housework, $15. 397s
Nineteenth st-. Castro-st. cars.
"WANTED— Neat German girl for genera!
housework: small German family; waxes Jr.
Call at R36'i Harrison st.
COLORED girl for general housework 2336
Pine st.
TAILORESS. first-class hand, to work on
coats. 9 Post st.
RELIABLE girl for housework. Call after To
a. m., fSSZ Twentieth st.. near Eureka.
COMPETENT girl wanted for housework and
plain cooking. 1223 McAllister st.
FIRST-CLASS cook, German, for coffee and
lunch house. $6 per week. 32 Sixth St.
COMPOSITOR on straight matter. Pacific
Printing Co., 543 Clay st.
GOOD girl for cigar store. 25 East st., near
Clay.
GOOD operator on coats; also finisher. 107
Fifth st., room 1.
WANTED— Young girl to help wait at table In
a small restaurant. Call 452 Geary st.
GIRL wanted to wait on store; must be neat
Apply after 0 o'clock, at LA SERE'S candy
factory, 11C0 Valencia st.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on pants; good wages;
steady work. 211 Tehama s^
FINISHER on pants; steady work. 276 Jessie
street.
FIRST-CLASS try-on makers and finishers on
custom coats; steady. 510 Natoma st.
CANDY dippers, wrappers, parcel girls, laun-
dry marker, shop hands, trimmers, milliners,
seamstress; places open to-day; Investigate.
313 Bush st.
PRIVATE secretary and bookkeeper, new cor-
poration; 3 salesladies; department forelady.
313 Bush st.
GIRL for light housework; must sleep at home.
1607 Broderlck st.
GIRLS from 12 to 15 to helD on skirts: pay
while learning. 868 Mission st., room 7.
FIRST-CLASS operator on pants; must be an
experienced finisher; no others need apply.
410 Kearny st., room 32.
CUSTOM pants operator; also apprentice with
experience. SBftb Folsom st.
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. 313 Bush sU
SALESLADY, sodawater counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on custom pants; good
pay; steady work. 1037 Folsom st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply
731 Green st.
NEAT gjrl for light housework and cooking;
small family; German or Scandinavian pre-
ferred; $12. 835 Pine st.. Tuesday, 2 to 3 p. m.
TAILORESS on coats; steady work; good
wages. £27 Market st., room 219.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Untie Harris. 1.". Grant ay.
COOKS, second girls general servant, nurses
and girls to assist wanted to fill positions at
MRS. LAMBERTS Employment, 417 Powell.
WANTED— Finishers on custom coats; also ap-
prentice girls. 528 Howard st.
WANTED— Young girl to assist lierht house-
work and tnke care of baby. 2f'24 Slitter st.
FIRST-CLASS t.iii. - ->. on coats; also appren-
tice. Box 33-JS. Call office.
WANTED— B attractive young women to assist
proprietor at country resort; steady, beneficial
home; nice larpe place. Box 3306, Call office.
WANTED— Woman between 2J and 3."> years as
companion nni assistant in llpht housework;
good home, fair pay for the right party. Call
after 10 a. m. at 116 Taylor st.
(lII'.L an hour every morning to wash dishes.
Call Tuesday, bmvveen 2 and 4. at 2303 Folsom.
GIRL for light housework. 3335 Army St., be-
tween Dolores and Church.
WOMAN under :v Hcht housekeeping; 'S
month; 1 In family. Box 3?.G3, Call office.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttiag School, 1079 Market
st.: perfect fit; no trying on; trial free.
AN operator on pants; also apprentices; paid
while learning. 4!!f O'Farrell st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor, Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions nnd want ads taken.
DR. WIPE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
st.; monthly troubles, etc.. cured at once.
LEARN dressmaking and inllliniry; position*
free; patterns 25c. McDOWELLS. 103 Po»t.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of Tha *-— .
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WA NTIC I>— M A L l3.
MAN and wife, $20 to~s3o. MISS CULLEN,
525 Putter st.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $S0; night cook,
Rood on short orders. $50; cook, country hotel.
SoO: cook, small hotel. $35; cook, boarding-
house, $30; 3 restaurant cooks. $8, $S 50 and $:)
a week; dishwasher, country hotel, $7 50;
Italian vegetable gardener, $22 50: gardener
for summer resort, $15: blacksmith helper, $1
a day and found; milker, $15; tlemakers,
woodohoppers, farmers and others. C. K.
HAXSKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
2 WAITERS, same country hotel, $30; waiter,
country hotel, $25; 2 restaurant waiter.-. S'ss
and $40. C. R. HAXSEN & CO., 101 Geary.
50 SCANDINAVIAN teamsters for railroad
work, regular wages. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
101 Geary st.
AN] I.:;'.'.' BRASK and Fred Anderson, the
railroad foreman, please call or write to C.
K. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TO- DAY~ - WE WANT
12 Cooks 11 Waiters
5 Dishwashers 3 Second Cooks
3 Laundrymen 1 Butcher, shop
1 Hotel Baker i Tailor
1 Cook for Mine 1 Camp Cook
1 Butter Maker ; 1 Kitchen Hand
C Milkers 1 Farmer and. Wife
6 Farm Hands ;—3; — 3 Choreboys
19 Scraper Teamsters /. ,■;' — ; ;
10 Laborers to Irrigate — ■ — i — •—
365 W0,,.] -hoppers— 45 Coal Miners
15 Laborers, city jobs-^ — ; 1 Stableman
10 Laborers, near city 356 Tie Makers
1 Blacksmith ■ 1 Machinist
l Machine Blacksmith— l Blacksmith's Helper,
5 laborers for quarry Work and other t>lac<?.3.
The above Jobs range from $15 to $'.'" per
month and found. Come and see us. MUR-
RAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main 5848.
EMPLOYERS OF HELP
Please send us your orders. We will send
you first-class help free of charge. MUR-
RAY &- READY, Leading- Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. Tel. Main 5548.
WANTED— Gardener, $25 to $30; machinist for
factory, care for piping, etc.. $2 day; caUer:
ehoreman and milker, $20; milker, t?~>;
miners, $50 and board and $2 50 day; carriage
painter, $2 50 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— waiter, $3.'; restaurant cook,
S>i 50 week; waiters, dishwashers and others.
Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
mento st.
WANTED— Second cook for restaurant, $35:
boarding-house cook, $30; waiter, $30; assist-
ant waiter. $2f>: dishwash?r. $5 a week; dish-
washer for confectionery. $20; boy to drive
llßht delivery wagon; young man for a fac-
tory, $15 and found: washer for laundry, $30;
shirt ironer, city. $40; farmer and wife, see
party here. ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton St.
WANTED— American farmer, near city, $25;
farm hands. $1." and $20; milkers, coal miners
and others: also waiter, country hotel, fare
advanced. $25: waiter. $20, fare advanced: boy
to learn waiting. $15, fare advanced: dish-
washers and others. W. D. EWER & CO.,
626 Clay st.
NOW Is the time to secure lucrative situations
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
$96 PER week; a reliable business associate
with small capital; permanent. 313 Bush st.
COLORED head waiter and I' 1 colored waiters,
country hotel. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kear-
ny st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union: free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec., 102 7th; tel. South 628.
WANTED— Hoy for carriage painter; experi-
enced. A. BENS 'N. 260 Bartlett st.
COOK wanted at 1017 Battery st.; call between
5 and 7 o'clock a. m.
COMPOSITOR on straight matter. Pacific
Printing Company, .".43 Clay st.
EXPERIENCED tailors and operators on
coats; steady work. 106 Battery st.
WANTED— Hard candy helper; call early. 210
Sacramento st.
WANTED— Blacksmith. 228 Fremont st.
BARBER for Wednesday. Saturday and
Sunday: good wages. 853 Illinois St.. Potrero.
SHOEMAKER wanted on custom repairing. 569
Mission st. V V\ v
SALESMAN wanted for quick selling specialty
on commission. Box 3349. Call Office.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen at LANE'S, 504
Davis st., near Jackson.
CYLINDER press feeder wanted. PATTER-
SON, 429 Montgomery st. ■ ■■ '
WANTED— Turn lasters wanted at SIEBE
SHOE COMPANY, 23 Jessie st.
YOUNG man as assistant secretary to new cor-
poration; cash bond required, with satisfac- '■
tory references. 313 Bush st.
ACTIVE business partner with $400; an estab-
lished cash business paying $100 per month
each; principals only; investigate. 313 Bush.
BOOKKEEPER and correspondent. $20 per
week at commencement: quick advancement;
new corporation business. 313 Bush st.
MANAGER publication and collection hnslne":
man and wife; position of responsibility. 31S
Bush st. : . _
CROCKERY rtore clerk; retail shoe clerk; tea,
coffee and spice traveler. 313 Bush st.
OYSTER opener; lunch counter clerk: tinner;
brass spinners; waiters: cooks. 313 Bush st.
WANTED— Good tailor. E2O Kearny st. first
floor upstairs, room 1. : .
WANTED— Strong young man to learn press-
Ing custom pants. 411 Vi Kearny st. -
BOY wanted to work in a candy factory. Ap-
ply after 8 o'clock at LA SERE'S Candy Fac-
tory. 1160 Valencia st. .
WANTED— Young man who has had some ex-
perience In shirt cutting. - EAGLESON & CO.,
535 Market st.
BOY willing to work In restaurant. Call *at
419 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
PLUMBER'S helper wanted. ; 228 Noe st.
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work: good wages: only
good miners need apply. Address- TESLA
COAL CO.. room 535. 328 Montgomery. S. F.
EEXPBRIENCED furnishing goods salesman
anrl window dre?ser. M. J. KELLER CO..
llOi-IIOU Broadway, Oakland.
HELP WANTED— Continued.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
WANTED- Dishwaser. 32 Sixth st. ; German
preferred.
SHOEMAKER wanted at 305 Third street.
BARBER with some experience, or boy to
learn trade. 841 Telegraph : ye.. Oakland.
MEN for single furnished rooms, 12HC. loc, 20c,
2.x? per nicht: 75c, $1. $1 25 per week. Elcho
House. S63>/% Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied unmarried men, between the age 3 of
21 and 30 years, who. are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of good character and habits and able to
6peak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and S feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
_office. 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco, Cat.
EXPERIENCED operator on ladies' tailor
suits: good wages and steady work. At AL-
BERT MUELLER'S. 131 Post st.
FOR rent— 2 rooms for housekeeping In ex-
change for 1 hour dally housework. 721 De-
vlsadero St.
PRACTICAL tailor for children's Juniors. Ap-
ply at H Sansome el. room 51.
WANTED— Agents to sell teas and coffees on
commission. 203 Fourth st.
GOOD brick molder. The Baden Brick Com-
pany's yard, at South San Francisco.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Ptevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LY-
ONS', 721 Market st.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Henn House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms; 23c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waiters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS. Sec, 225 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. Herman's. 2*i Steuart St.
WANTED — An experienced city salesman.
BROWNSTONE WINK CO.. 331 Ellis st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 13S»& Eighth st.
WANTED — Traveler for gent's furnishing
goods as side line. Box 3141. Call.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ,
630 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c, lCc and 25c per
night; COc, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market: 200 rooms, 2."c a night; reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Ellis-Rooms 25c to $1
night; Jl to $1 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 15c night; 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
50" PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoes
half price; half-soling, 2'ic. M 9 Howard St.
ELEVENTH. IOfV-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FIRMTIKE WANTED.
WANTED— Crockery, furniture, oil paintings
and all kinds of goods to auction. Address
THORNDIKE & HOOSON, General Auction-
eers, Haywards, Cal.
WANTED— Partner for the Alaska gold fields.
Please send address to box 3310, Call office.
LADY partner in large dressmaking establish-
ment. 207 Taylor st.
HIGH ESI prices to nil new building. 840 Mis-
sion tt. : teL Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
komery . htgh»st prices paid Tel Davl* 71
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
EXGINE and holler for boat: length, 40 feet;
beam. 11 feet; depth, 5 feet: second-hand
preferable; state price, etc. Box 3310, Call.
WANTED— Two energetic, hustling traveling
salesmen; references required. Address box
3301, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus: second-
hand. 10' i Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId geld, silver, cast-oft
clothlne bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third
PEKSOXALS.
C— RETI'RN; reward; letter satisfactory: no
question. J. B. COLEMAN, Baldwin Hotel.
JOHN I. KELLY, wait-r-IMwu-e call at S^H
Seventh s:t.
BUSINESS PERSONALS.
NO-VINO, Dr. Terhune's Infallible cure for
drunkenness; given secretly and at home;
absolutely harmless, inexpensive and guar-
anteed to cure; all druggists or write direct.
Terhune Remedy Co., Dept. A. Grand Rapids,
Mich.
ELECTRIC lights and other alterations have
greatly Improved my parlors; hair dressing,
25c; good switches, $1 ; best, finest quality, !
$3 50; extra heavy, long, $5; open Sundays I
from 9 to 12. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St. !
(JIINONIA Hair Tonic stimulates a healthy
growth. O. LEDERER, 111 Stockton St.
WANTED — 100 persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 684, Parrott building.
MRS. JOHNSON, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
avenue.
STAMMERING.md stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN, 570 33d st.. Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRIC hunts in every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third Rt.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 pe~ night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baußaee to and from the ferry.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT, 535 Clay St.. S. F.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SPIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOP. 1117 Market St.. h»t. 7th and Sth.
dressmakers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market st.
EDICATIOXAL.
HKALD'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1592; catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University. Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening sessions; ref., Ires. .Tordun
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES 1 Business College. 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572. 855 Market st.
VIOLIN, mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.:
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 21074— Piano teacher: studied In
Paris; terms reasonable: best references.
VOICE culture, piano, Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MONTGOMERY. 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
LOST.
LOST— Western Addition, white fox terrier
bitch; brown head; answers name Trlx. Re-
turn to 1426 Mission St. ; reward $20.
LOST— A seal collarette going from Greenwich
and Dupont sts. to Eleventh nnd Mission.
$5 reward by returning to 1716 Dupont st.
BUNCH of keys los Return to SOO Greenwich
st. and receive reward.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JULIE NORTON, No. 140,720. The
finder will please return to bank.
HCRSES.
40 HOR£;:S for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse" Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. At Emporium. 220 Valencia st.
JI'ST arrived— so horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard st. : auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
FINE business buggies, light top buggy, butch-
er wagon. 903 Golden Gate aye.
LIGHT delivery wagon, tea and spice wagon,
light buggy, one peddler wagon. 1370 Turk st.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installment?: 1 fine top *nd opeD
buggy; also 1 hack. 82$ Harrison st.
81-.INESS CHANCES.
A— PARTNER wanted in the best paying res-
taurant In this city; average daily receipts
$75 per day; owner don't care so much for
the money, but wants an honest industrious
helper. WILKE, 783 Market st.
A— S2OO— CORNER saloon with 3 club rooms;
south of Market st; rent $20; stock will value
the price; rare chance. WILKE, 753 Market.
A- J.'POO— PARTNER wanted In a 15-year es-
tablished manufacturing business; must l:e
a first-class mechanic or business man: owntr
guarantees a net profit of $400 per month;
about $10,000 contracts on hand; books open
for Investigation; the name of the firm Is
worth the money. Particulars, WILKE, .'S3
Market st.
$650— CORNER saloon, established and kept by
owner 15 years; one block from Chronicle
building; rent $35; great bargain. See
WILKE, 7t*3 Market St.
$4000— BAKERY and confectionery, connected
with hotel 30 rooms, dining-room, etc.. In
lively country town about 50 miles from city;
3 wagons, 6 horses, 3 cows; rent $70: lease:
first-class, paying business; buildings and
furniture new; sickness compels sale. Parti-
culars of WILKE, 753 Market St.
$SSO— CORNER saloon In wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
Investigation giv ; WILKE. 753 Market st.
CIGAR stand, close to Claus Spreckels build-
ing; price $150; the best chance ever offered.
WILKE, 783 Market st.
$650— PARTNER wanted In old-established and
money-making saloon, few doors from Call
building; the best offer for the right party;
clear profit of $150 per month guaranteed. See
WILKE, 753 Market St.
CHANCE In a lifetime; $1400 will buy an oyster
and chop house; vicinity Baldwin Hotel; b.-st
known; oldest established and mos^t popular
concern of Its kind; satisfactory reasons for
sale; must be taken at once. Apply M. LESS,
765 Market St.
$600— PARTNER wanted In blacksmith shop;
building, horse and wagon Included: receipts
$600 per month; ground rent $10; good, steady
man can clear tl<V) per month: references ex-
changed. M. LESS, 7>"> Market St.
$800— CORNER grocery and bar, best part Mis-
sion; rent $23; more than full value in sight;
best class cash trade: must be Been t<j be
appreciated; great bargain. M. LESS, 705 ;
Market St.
$135— PAYING cigar, stationery, notions, E liv-
ing rooms; best part of Mission: Invoice vaiue
$135; no sale If not as represented. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
$350— CIGAR-STORE, north Market: living
rooms; rent only $35; present owner there 17
years; satisfactory reasons for sale; bargain.
M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$1000— WILL secure best paying saloon of Its
kind across the bay; full value in sight; posi-
tively nothing better in market: look far or
near, this stands unequaled. M. LESS, 765
Market st.
STORE to let, suitable for any business; rent
$20; central; north Market. M. LESS 765 Mar-
ket st.
$100— STATIONERY, news stand, restaurant.
etc.; living rooms; rent $6; biggest transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M.
LESS, 765 Market st.
A KKEDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22V4
Geary st. Miscellaneous business chances.
$40' i— Grocery and bar; fine cor. ; living rms.
$400— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$200— Stationery, books, school supplies; near
school.
$325— Combination store; grocery, restaurant,
furnished flat.
$500— Stationery, books. Call and laundry
offlc?.
$500—200 masquerade & theatrical (.ostumea.
$1000— Roller quartz mill; earns $40 daily.
J2ooo— Florist and nursery; 2 acres under
glass.
$3iWL_Book bindery; best equipped on coast.
$4500— Stenm laundry, plant and buildings.
S Photograph gallery; oldest on coast.
{200— Cor saloon; value in stock; daily re-
ceipts $15; a snap. KREDO & .O.
TO find just what you are looking for call on
KREIx) ft co.. 2-jh Geary st.
$3500— CRACKER route: will pay Jl2-". per
month; increasing trnde: part cash, balance
by giving satisfactory security. McLAUGH-
I.IN A CO., 23 Kearny st.
"Bid fish gobble little fish" -Little fish has 16
good lots: heap cheap for $.'OO each: little fish
wants money to buy "hash." so he no die
and go to hell: will sell the whole or part,
$100 each; then little fish eat, live, go to
"Klondike." dig money, be big fish and no go
to hell; investigate them. THISTLETON, 272
Sadowa St., Ocean View.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms in the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given. 9 Geary St.,
room 2.
CORNER saloon; central location; fine cash
business: with or without lodsrine-house;
good reason for selling. Call 1019 Franklin
St., Oakland.
$600— RESTAURANT and 5 roomed flat, hand-
somely furnished; excellent business; investi-
gate. Apply Branch, 387 Hayes street.
RESTAURANT, must sell less than value of
fixtures. Inquire market, 576 Howard St.
FOR SALE — Grocery and bar; a good chance
for a Scandinavian. 341S Mission St.
FOR SALE— Good paying restaurant; at a loss
if purchased now. 621 Bush st.
BARBER SHOP for sale; paying. Information
at 9 Hayes st.
$40— BRANCH bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT. 1125 Market st.
BARBER shop for sale. 103 Eddy st.
$200— BAKERY and notions; a bargain. Pacific
Exchange. 9'J5 Market st.
SALooX. sHlini; nut at cost. 1121 Harris--!
st.. corner Langton.
.—SBOO— CORNER grocery and bar: without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$2<X)— Partner wanted: commission business.
$300— Saloon; old -established; good corner,
and other bargains In saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$40— BRANCH bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
FOR SALE — Old-established corner saloon; on
account of other business. NW. corner of
Pacific and Battery sts.
M* XICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla,
etc.; large and small tracts. For further In-
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
ASKHIM saloon Is now for sale; thirteen years
established: proprietor going north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms: hot and cold water; ground
lease 3 years and 5 months: come and sec for
yourself: 17th and Folsom. WM. FOLEY.
$150 invested actually earns 35 jer cent weekly
profits: rar« chance; no stock or Klondike
scheme; safe enterprise; control capital your-
self. D.Sloane, 110 St. Paul st.. Baltimore. Md.
IN Sai: Rafael; new store to let; best part of
city: well adapted for fruit and vegetables;
next to butcher shop. Apply S. HERZOG
& CO.. San Rafael.
IF you have anything to sell or exchange It
will be to your interest to see us; money al-
ways on hand. Address M. E. DOUGAN &
CO., 230 Kearny st.
$1203— IMPROVED placer and quartz mine;
quartz treated free; free water for placer-
satisfactory reasons for selling. Address box
3288, Call office.
PARTNER wanted with $500 or more capital
to invest in cosmetic business: chance of a
lifetime. Address Dermatologist, box 3 Call
office, Oakland.
FINE stationery, cigar, laundry, periodicals
branch bakery and notion store for sale- old
established. Box IS, branch office Call' IC6
Eleventh st.
ROADHOI-SE with 5 rooms, situated on prin-
cipal thoroughfare. 30 minutes from the heart
of city. Inquire at 1201 Polk st.. cor. Suiter!
A— COAL, wood, hay and grain business for
c . ';", accou Nt of owner's departure from
_£lJ2^_P£:£ ce _ reasonab!e - Address box 3344. Call.
PAYING saloon In North Beach district- sell-
ing on account of sickness \VlCHm\\'
_LUTGEN_& CO.. 31S Clay st "'iLHMAN.
VHAT have you to trade for half of factory
CaH Office el " y> Ue $50 ° ? Address bo* 33 < 5 -
M^' N^T Io ?" ed ° n watches, diamonds, jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
8 ! yard ; wlth Rtable of -° 8t *"»: ol(J -
establlshed; rent reasonable. 2C22 Mission st.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; reasonable^
—^ I^JLi i l M . ng rooms - Apply 2l9>i Eleventh it!
L '?sYi N r l ]Jn route: horse. wa eon; great bargain.
ISI3 Greenwich st. call after 5 o'clock.
INTEREST in a good paying beer bottling
company. Inquire at 1529 Mission st.
Olj ß established saloon cheap on account of
other business. Apply Call office.
CIGAR, laundry, news stand at a bargain; In
Hayes A alley. 51S Hayes st.
J2OOO-A PROTESTANT gentleman as partner
wanted in an established legitimate business,
by reason of enlarging the same: experience
not necessary- Box 3304. pall office.
PATENTS-SM ITI I * OSBORN, Resisfd Pat.
Agents; established 1562. 319 Pine St.. city.
$400— BAKERY for sale; store trade $10 to $12
day; good outside route; bakes 2U barrels
aa> a good bargain; no opposition; owner
viants tojeave city. Box 3281. Call office.
FOR Sale— At less than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low rent. 627 Sec-
and St., opp. South Park.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
flne 'location; must be sold. Addresa S., care
°« Call agency, San Jose.
HALF or whole interest in butcher shop; do-
ing good cash business; centrally located;
well fitted up. D., box 2. Call Office, Oakland
BUSINESS CHANCES— Continued^^
FOR sale— Bakery and notions; living rooms;
next to school. 873 Sanchez st.
Saloon f. - int of sickness; call and
see owner. 22S Brannan.
C r ~FFE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st.
FOR sale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
337 Sixth gt. : no acents.
Alaska" enterprises.
TO all points on the Yukon-First-class pass-
age, including 1000 pounds of irc-lght and 160
pounds baggage, $2SO; freight. 5 cents p.-r
pound for lots of 5 tons or more. St. MichaeiS
and Yukon Despatch Line, 29 second floor.
Mills building. ,
FOR Sale at Sacrifice— Passage to Kotzebue
Sound on bark Northern Light; sails May 10;
party cannot get away. Box 3.111. < ■ ;I "__i fit>e ;
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 3fi Grant ay«
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, pi bers and
r ->d men at general work whJ are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out *imi
of their fare, via St. Mien i -I. Apply I£ "*
Gold Star Co.. Mills building. _San Fran.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY. Eattery and Jackson sts.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW. 4 Suiter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stcckv.irds. T'-nth nnii Hrvnnt st«.
LolX.i-,. HOl!>_S KOK SALE.
A^KREDO & CO.. successful bn Seers, 22tf
118 rooms'; safe investment: clears $250. .S4.VO
80 rooms; rent $7C; clears (ISO }-'*
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient hWO
17 rooms; tir.-t floor pays rent 6f.0
16 rooms; Market; central; :■.!! full 'W
10 rooms; Larkin; corner; sn;ip zja
10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 3-o
7 rooms; Market; offices pay rent -'-0
Hun.: era p.t your own price.
A— s3oo: 9 it* !>■*: transient • ntral
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO., 22V4 Geary.
K< HI mosi desirable houses and best bargains,
call on KREDO «CO . :.' ; .- Geary st.
WINSTON & CO ■ '• ■ MARKET ST.
RELIABLE BROKERS
14 rooms. Sutter bt. ; offices, payments — $ 4'<!
20 rooms, corner, new, part cash '
25 rooms, rent $75. new, part cash
24 rooms, rent $C<\ corner, of flees 1200
26 rooms, worth JFOO. must go at 1500
• ms, rent $s">. fin" place, only J (
33 rooms, rent $100, part '.ash IOOi
34 rooms, corner, rent $12;", make offer
must pro
67 rooms, rent $220, elegant place oflf't
46 ROOMS: sunny corner
50-room house for ranch '
17 rooms; clears $100 month; part cash.. — -
10-room flat; sunny corner
14-room house; fine corner 1 0
40-room house; clears $160; must sell
10-room house; new ar.d good; Ellis st.. 860
60 rooms: rent JC,;,: clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
$1000— BOARD and Imping house In Alameda.
dome good paying business: this is a healthy
location: well patronized: satisfactory reaso*
for selling. McLAUOHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$400— LODGING-HOUSE of 16 rooms, well fur-
nished and full of roomers. 136 Plxth st.
MX)— BEST 14-room transient house in city;
clears $175 month. Address box 303. Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncl- Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MUST be sold Immediately; 27-room good room-
ing-house: bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st.
FtRXITtKE FOit SALE.
FURNITURE for flat of 6 comfortably fur-
nished rooms: cheap. 19f. Shipley st., cor. oth.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and ads taken.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $5
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are ths
Fame as if pur^haf-ed for all cash. Bargains
in good secend-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and
$5 "per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Rteinway Dealers, corner Kearny and Suttep
sts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland. *
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest houra
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHAPE S.
16. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st.* Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and price?. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRi
Repairing and tuning a specialty. Our
prices can not he equaled in Snn Francisco.
SCOTT-Ct'RTAZ PIANO CO., 560 Hayes at.
ARTISTS like Charles R. Sweet and Helena
Mora, at the Orpheum. prefer the Cr...va
piano. So will you if you call and see them
at HOCKETT BROS. & CO.. 21S Post St.
A STEINWAY plan., for HOO; a i 'hick^ring for
$?0; examine list of bargains this week. TH3
F. W. SPENCER CO.. n33 Market st.
SOHMER & CO. Byron tfatiry, Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post Bt.
WANTED— F< r i -1 . S, style 3. or T, style 4.
Steinwuy. or style X or R. Knabe. Address
box 3356. Call office.
PARTY going East must sell $400 upright
piano for $lt)."». Room 2"), 102! Van Ness aye.
A GOOn upright, very cheap. 16 McAllister
st.. next Hibernla Bank. SCHMITZ.
BEAUTIFUL Steinway: must be sold; a sacri-
fice. 809 Market St., room 12.
$6.OO— UPRIGHT, nearly new; party needs cash.
Call S to 12. 584 A Natoma st.
HORNUNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 216 McAllister St.
SPECIAL low prices <>n all pianos until May 1.
Z. MAUVAIS MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per mouth up;
apply on sale. HEINE, 136 Ellis St.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos: second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
KNABE pianos: new scale: new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 30 OFarrell at.
SUFERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
ELEVENTH. IW,_ Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions ami ads taken.
FOR SALE-MISCELLANEOUS.
FOR Sale — $5 up; good second-liana 1 sewing
machines; bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A. C.
BROWN. 1360 Market st.
CHOICE German pansies 26c per dozen. Nur-
sery at 880 Bryant st.
$55 — Upright piano; good condition: $5 down. $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 223 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low; larsre assortment; 1
aiu! 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. «3 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure: for sa'.e
cheap. 1 large vault In Calvary Cemetery.
Box 316:!. Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., E27
Mission st.
BOILFRS. engines. 2d hand, machinery. Mc-
INTOSH A WOLPMAN. 1" Bea'.e st.
BARS, back bars, mirror*, s-howcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture an<l fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN; 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission St.. above sixth.
ENGINE boiler, dynamo, motor. b^lts and
pump. H. P. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
J R POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So- 757.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc. 53J Sacramento.
SAFES— Harga ins in new nnd second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 100-111 Market. S. V.
GRAPHOrHON'EP. $10: Records. $3 per doz.;
Project oscope, $100. Bacigalupl. 933-94R Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 1"2 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, ehelvinj;, etc.,
bought and sold. 10C3 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
sui. script ions and aris taken.
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. !)'• Sixth st. ; phono Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 20a Fourth st.
< ARPEV CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet eanliifr Works: cleans,
moves, lays carpet- G. H. STEVENS M-r
3S and^ 40 Eighth rt.: telephone South SO. "'
WHEN you become disgusted • ith poor w-ork
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
Works. 3:^-57 Teliama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new J
McQUEEN. 453 .jtevenson st. : tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter*
" tel. Main 39>. QEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renova't-
Ing. alteration wks. 413 McAllister; J.-ssle 321.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3cJ
STRATTON. 3 Eighth st. ; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern -nm Carpet - Cleaning
Works. 14 _8th St. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J. E. MITCHELL Ca-oet-Cleaning Co.. 240 utn
st. ; cleaning So a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN"S Carpet -Beat Ing Works, 333 Oolden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
€15 LARK IN— Branch office of The Call; »üb~
sciiDtioDs and want ads taken.HOUSES TO LET.
A— s3o— HOUSE of 7 rooms and bath, on the
north side of O'FarreH st.; modern improve-
ments; centrally located. J. BROWNSTONE,
11 Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
BEST 5-room house to rent, $S; best of condi-
tlon. 1567 Kearny St., near Greenwich.
ELEGANT 8-room houses; Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake: prices will surprise you.
MARCUSE .v- REMMEL, 62S Marl st.
LAGI 1715— House ot 3 rooms and bath,
yard, basement; latest improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap.
724 Brodcrick St., near McAllister.
CHEAPEST nnd best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED bay-window cottage, 4 rooms
and bath; sunny; no children. 917 Sanchez st.
FURNISHED bouse to let for the cummer; 8
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold
■water; nil conveniences. Apply on premises,
C 35 Guerrero st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COLLINS, 111, near Geary— sll; bay-window
cottage; nearly new; 4 rooms; water free.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms, yard and basement; $10.
3272 Folsom Ft.
NEAT cottage, 5 rooms; water free; $11. 3389
Twenty-sixth et., near Mission.
BUNNY cottages of 4 and .'. rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 15th st., near Dolores.
TO Let— Cottace, all modern, 7 rooms and
bath; cheap. 5437 Twentieth st.
FLATS TO LET.
A RARELY beautiful flat: NW. cor. Putter and
Scott; 6 big rooms; $25. Key 2300 Sutter st.
A— ss— 3 to 4 room flata: 10 days free.
A— slo— s room flats, off Geary, newly painted.
A— slo— s rooms and bath; Geary St.; 15 days
A— other bargains. SPECK & C 0.,602 Mkt.
BAY-WINDOW flat of 3 rooms. 28 Ritch St.,
off Folsom, near l.iird.
BRANNAN, 725. above Sixth— nice flat of 3
rooms; rent $7.
FLAT of 4 sunny rooms; rent $10. 2041 Harri-
son st., opposite Eighteenth.
FLAT, 5 rooms, bath and stable; 18 Byington
st. Apply at 1621 O'Farrell St. :
FLAT of 4 rooms, with or without stable. Ap-
ply at 755 O'Farrell st.
FLATS and cottages to let. Apply to MRS. L.
LOUGHRAN, Sli* Bryant St.. bit. 7th and Sth.
GKAKV 2'J.11, southwest corner of Devisadero—
3 sunny flats of 5. 5 anl <J mims and bath,
respectively; rent 115 and $17. Apply at
store downstairs or to BUKNHAM & MARSH
CO., til's Market -•
MODERN; sunny: 4 rooms and bath. 4 Tr<>-
mont aye., nc-ar Waller St.: Golden Gate Park.
MOSS, 30 — Upper fiat, 5 rooms, bath; rent re-
duced. Key corner Howard, near Seventh.
NEW flat of 7 sunny rooms and bath; all mod-
ern improvements; Hot Twentieth St., near
Oap;>: also flat of 4 rooms and bath; 3442
Twentieth st.
NEW flats: modern approvements; 4 and 5
rooms: $16. $M: worth seeing. 2263 Geary st.
NINETEENTH, 3SS4. near Noe— Lower 4
rooms, modern, $14; 59* Noe, corner Nine-
teenth lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond,
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper
h rooms, modern, $15. water free.
RIN<S up 'Phone Brown 323 if you Rißh to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
SULLIVAN, 2r«. near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath; water free; rent $14.
TO Let— s rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., nc-ar Stanyan.
6-i;. 1 ■ sunny upper flat; marine view; com-
fortable and qui<H: rent cheap. 6 Ewer place.
$12— NICE sunny flat. 2SA Cedar aye., bet.
Larkin and Polk sts.
$14— PUNNY lower flat 4 rooms, bath and yard.
6 Shotwell st.. near Fourteenth.
516 — ti ROOMS and bath; sun in every room.
2723 Bryant st.. between 2."th and 261h.
>£•_< — 2 NEW, modern sunny flats, 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 176 Hyde st.
FURNISHED ! I ATS.
$." — ELEGANTLY furnished new modern cor-
ner flat, 771 Pierre St., cor. McAllister. No ;
admittance without permit from C. J. CAMP-
BELL i- CO.. 224 Montgomery st.
FLAT of C sunny rooms, complete for house-
keeplng. 1023 O'Karrell St.. nr. Van Ness aye.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BUSH, 120:!— For rent, 3 nice sunny furnished
rooms for housekeeping, with bath.
BRYANT. TA\, n«ar Third— Nicely furnished
sunny suite; front; JS per month.
ELLIS, SCS— 2 sunny rooms furnished complete-
ly for hou; ••keeping; $15.
ELI.:- CIS— 2 furnished rooms; complete; gas
and bath: rent reasonable.
FIFTH. 311—2 sunny front connecting house-
keeping rms. ; stove: closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH. "2-V— C furnished housekeeping, $13;
double: $7 to $S; 2 parlors, kitchen, bath, $22.
FIFTH 42iHi— 4 sunny rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping:; water in kitchen.
FILLMORE. 220SV4] near Clay— «s; sunny par-
lor and small room furnished for house-
keeping.
FOLSOM. 2 C 4S— ?. or 4 sunny keeping
rooms; gas Ftove; cheap; without children.
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Parlor floor, 1 sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 511— Two or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable.
JESSIE, 372. near Fifth and Market— Front
r"oni; housekeeping; $7. j
JUNIPER; S— 3 unfurnished front sunny rooms
and bath.
LARKIN, SP4— Sunny furnished bedroom arid
k!;rr.»n; yard; $10; double and single rooms; i
$5 and SC.
MARKET, 102S-3 rooms, furnished complete;
$12: part rent taken In board.
MINNA. 322 2 or 3 housekeeping rooms; fur-
nished complete.
MINNA, £4S— 2 nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms.
MISSION. K\— Large sunny kitchen and bed-
room; $10; single room, $1.
MISSION. 1166- Sunny back parlor for light
housekeeping; $7.
MISSION". 1135 — Bay-window suite of 3 rooms;
connecting; furnished for housekeeping; $16.
MISSION. 12U— Front and back parlor, well
furnished: sunny; gas; running water.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 1". Grant aye.
NATr.MA. C-T) — 2 sunny furnished rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; yard; rent reasonable.
NAT" ' 701. cor. Eighth— 2 or I connecting
housekeeping rooms; also single.
SIXTEENTH, 2009 corner Mission— Furnished
front room with grate; use of kitchen and
yard: rent $8.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping, $10 ■ month.
THIRD, 240 — I sunny room, suitable for house-
keeping. $6; single room, $4.
THIRD SOS— Large front suite complete, $12;
other suites. $10; single, $5.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING BOOMS.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; also
double: closo to station. 821 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS: quiet, homelike; reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton nt. Trunks
moved to any part of city, %><:; phone, Main 4B.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny st. — Pleasant
Gunny rooms, en suite and single: flr»t-cla»*
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell, elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny uuites and single rooms,
facing plaza; baths; by day or month.
BEAUTIFUL sunny rooms; newly furnished
end now Hat; with bourd; Van Ness aye.
Box I -v Ca!l office.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— Newly furnished: fami-
lies ami gentlemen: references given.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished rooms for gentle-
men at $7 and $8 per month; private; ref.
CALIFORNIA, near Larkin— A lovely sunny
furnished room with parlor, piano bath* free
u*e of telephone; suitable for two- $12 : ref-
erences. Box 3C21, Call Office. ' "'
DAVIB »t., end of Bray aye., on Gallndo Set-
tlement—Suite of rooms to let; suitable for
two gentlemen; twenty minutes' walk from
Frultvale station, five minutes' walk of two
streetcar routes; climate and scenery unex-
celled^
DELAWARE. 1151 Market-Furnished single
and double rooms. $8 and $10 mo.; nice suite*.
EDDY, 118— Neat Bunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY. 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
Me to »l; week, $2 to *6; families. .
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
EDDY, 614— Large and small rooms: new furni-
ture, closets; running water; bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH. 239 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELLIS, 41S (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny !
rooms and MUites for gents. $1 50 to $3 week.
ELLIS. 432— Furnished rooms to let.
FULTON, 3— Nice sunny rooms to let. day,
week or month. I
FULTON, Sunny furnished single rooms;
also rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping^
GEARY. 51S— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites, double and single rooms; $S month up.
GEARY, 622— Nice, large sunny bay-window
room: also single room; quiet and reasonable.
GROVE, 202. cor. Van Ness— Sunny unfurnished
3-room suites, with gas stove.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 524— Nice large front sunny alcove
room; suitable for 2 gentlemen ; $10 month.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 250 up.
JONES, 117— Neatly furnished sunny suite; pri-
vate: $11.
LARGE bas<vnent suitable for plumber or car-
penter shop. Inquire 219 Natoma st.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware. Bilks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
MASON, 1<? (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 BO to $3: suites,
$4 to $*5: baths; hot water: transient: elevator.
MCALLISTER, -Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2: $S per month.
MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
MISSION, 1061— Sunny room: private family;
suit 2 young men; terms reasonable.
MISSION, Nicely furnished sunny room
suitable for 2; with or without piano; run-
ning water.
NATOMA, 207, near Third— large, sunny
furnished front rooms to let.
NATOMA. 252, near Fourth— connecting
rooms, unfurnished, $7 per month.
OAK. Nicely furnished sunny rooms; rent
reasonable.
O'FARRELL, Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $3 and $10.
O'FARRELL. 211. corner Powell— Nice suite;
also single rooms, by day or month.
POLK, 607— Front punny furnished rooms;
large and small: $• and upward.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 2S Eighth St.,
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas: other rooms; $1 per week up.
SUTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable; investigate.
STEVENSON. 79, next corner Second— Tailors'
workrooms to let.
SUTTER, 407 2 single rooms. $S each.
TENTH, 123— Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice* housekeeping rooms.
, THE Eldora, 23 Stockton— Newly furnished
rooms.
TURK. Pleasant room, suitable for sin-
gle gentleman; . private family.
TAYLOR, 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms; furnished.
j A WEEK'S news for 5 cents — Weekly
; dill, in wrapper, for mailing.
HOARDING AND ROOMS.
GALINDO hotel. Oakland— to the times:
large sunny suites from $12: single rooms
from $5; board optional; handy to all trains.
ELLIS. 577— Nicely furnished suite, suitable for
2 or 3. with board: also single room.
i FOI.SOM. Bll— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON, 533 (The Mizpah)— quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
suite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
HYDE, 925— Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, — Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
MCALLISTER, 1229— Parlor suite In modern
flat, with hoard; for 2, $10 a week; single, $3.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
, SUTTER, IJ2S — Sunny suite; single rooms: first-
class board : large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
VAN NESS are., MS— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
GERMAN lady would like to take child to
board and care for. 30 Willow aye.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board; a
mother's rare: references. 234V4 Sixth st.
_iiZ A J. LE s^ [^L LET.
CLARA, Large barn, 7 stalls, covered yard,
with or without house with bath. Apply
premises.
MEDICAL..
' ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mm. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
tO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fall; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free: con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DA VIES, 5>
McAllister St.; pills, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 60 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. B. F. ' A ' Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no Instruments used;
home In confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed; con-
sultation free and confidential. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home in confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or dlscour-
nged call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 22C Turk st.
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mall; at
druggists Chichester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far, consult free, only doctor who uses
Pchenck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician : safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; IT. years' prac-
tice; home: best skill; low fees: pills, $2.
DR. O'DONNELL, the world renowned special-
ist, restores at once all women's irregulari- I
ties, menstruation, etc., whatever the cause |
may be: treatment by mall, or call at Pr. ,
O'Donnell's Sanitarium, 1027 Market st. $5 !
and $10 capsules will be mailed upon request.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never falls; consulta- I
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR. !
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram. '
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly alt
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause): no instruments used; cure at 1
office, $5; consultation free; hour* 10 to 6.
PR. AND MRS. KOHL, 1118 Market St.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro: price
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO.. «M Clay st.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St., Sacramento. Cal.
ALPEAU'S French plUs, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger: safe cure: $2 50:
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth Ladles' '
1 re cure; any. all; cure at office, $5: pills, $1. I
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetx: Infallible, safe rem-
edies; S3 years' experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
DR. HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 141G Bth St.. Alameda.
~~ STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos, j
household goods: clean, light compartments; i
advance* made. J. NOON AN. 1017 to 1022
Mission St., ye Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS, 840 Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 166. I
FOR lowest rates go to LOUIS J. NEUMAN,
121 Sixth St., open evening*.
ATTORNEYS . at LAW.
ADVICE free on all legal matters. T. STACK.
14 McAllister st. ' . - ■'■
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Mnrket st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address in the United
• Ptates or Canada one year for $1 lv. poiUf*
Xree. . . <
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, IS9B.
V, PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— For Hospital and Almshouse— I
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super- !
visors of the City and County of San Fran- j
cisco, April 19, 1898.
In accordance with Resolution No. 865 (Fourth I
Series) of the Board of Supervisors, SEALED !
PROPOSALS will be received In open session |
of the Board of Supervisors, on MONDAY I
AFTERNOON, April 25, IS9S. from 2:30 to 3
o'clock, for furnishing subsistence to the pa-
tients and employes in and supplies for the
City and County Hospital and Almshouse from
July 1. 1898, to June 30. ISa'J, the estimated
yearly amounts being as follows: !
I Estimated
Articles Required. 1 Quantity Denom.
j Required. Per. ■
CLASS 1. ; ~~~
BEEF., YEARLY.
I Beef— Fresh, first quality
American steer, in not
less than one-half car-
casses, consisting of fore
and hind quarters, to be
delivered in such quan-
tities and at such times
for the Hospital and
Almshouse as required
three days iln each
week; estimated
amount per day, 1000
lbs 310,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 2.
MUTTON.
1 Mutton — Fresh, first qual-
ity wether, in not less
than whole carcasses, to
be delivered in such
quantities and at such
times for the Hospital
and Almshouse as re-
quired three days in
each week; estimated
amount per day, 1000
lbs 107,000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 3.
FISH. YEARLY.
Fish— Fresh cleaned and
scaled, best in market,
and in such varieties as
may be ordered, Salmon.
Sea Bass. Herring or
Smelt In season 000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 4.
COAL OIL.
Coal Oil — 150 degrees
test 1,600 gals Perlb
CLASS 5.
FLOUR. YEARLY.
Flour— Wheat, California,
Best Roller 420,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 6.
COFFEE. YEARLY.
C o f i c c—Guatemala,e — Guatemala,
fresh roasted, first qual-
ity 17,5001bs Perlb
CLASS 7.
VEGETABLES.
YEARLY.
i Beets— Best in market.... 1,200 lbs Per 100 lot
j Beans— Small white. No.
j 1. first quality 2,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
i Cabbage— Best in market. 16.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
i Carrots— Best in market. 4,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Onions, Red or White-
Dry, best in market.... 7,000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Potatoes, Burbank, Sa-
linas or Oregon— Best in
market 350.000 lbs Per 100 lbs
Turnips— in market.. 3,500 lbs Per 100 lbs
CLASS 8.
CORN MEAL, ETC.
YEARLY.
Corn Meal. Yellow or ■
White — Fresh ground,
new. best in market.... 20.000 lbs Perlb
Oat Meal— Fresh ground.
best .in market 22,000 lbs Perlb
Cracked Wheat— in
market 20,000 lbs Perlb
Gormea, or Semola— Best
in market... 5,000 lbs! Perlb
Hominy— Best In market. 2.000 lbs Per lb
CLASS 9.
TEA. SUGAR AND
SYRUP. YEARLY.
Sugar— Extra C 83,000 lbs Perlb
Sutrar, Granulated— Best
"White 83.000 lbs Perlb
Sugar, Powdered — Best
o White •;: 600 lbs Perlb
Syrup— Golden California
I Refinery 1,100 gals Per gal
I Tea— Japan, Diamond (L)
j or equally as good 8.000 lbs Perlb
CLASS 10.
PROVISIONS.
YEARLY.
Bacon — Best California
Cured Sides 000 lbs Perlb
Butter— Fresh, first qual-
ity, California rt . 11,500 lbs Perlb
Cheese— First quality V- ----* -- ■
J Codfish, Whole — Best
California, in bales..... 6,600 lbs Perlb
Eggs — Fresh California •
(candled) 1 15,600 doz Per doz
Ham— First .quality, best
California. Sugar Cured. 4,200 lb» Perlb
Lard— California... 4,503 lbs Per lh
1 Mackerel— Eastern, No. 1
In kits BSkits Per kit
CLASS 11. •
GROCERIES.
YEARLY. i
.Corn Starch, . klngsford
or Duryeas— Best qual-
Cur ranVs--Z^e;-flrsi lbS Per Ib
ty Dried^kV,foVnia; 4 °° ' bS " Ib
quartered apples and
F™ U ,t d T c a d b,e? a Aborted- 80 ° ** Per Ib
j/uy^'c^r'ranl-besrin » CaBeB P " C " 9
i market (10 doz. l-lb.
Macl^ni-Nn.-bv.v.v;.:::;: X; F % r j%
Mustard, White or
Ground— First quality
fresh California 50 lbs Perth,
Pearl Barley-No. 2 475 bs Per b
Peas-Spilt 1,000 iGs p
I Pepper — First quality, D
black, ground 700 lrw p..i
Pickles. California- Per lb
Assorted No. AsJ-oVted: 7 ° gals *"» **
Pie Fruits - Assorted. Per gal
best in market (2 doz.
Ra.s 3 ln I ln First qurnt > y : * <***" Per Cas *
Rl.ceR 1 .cel I No.-2-China.-new <°° lbB ! Per
Sa^Besr.n-marke,:::: 1 10,000 lbs Per 100 lto
Sago— Best In market.;.. 450 lbs Per lh
Salt, table. California- j . * er lb
i „ First quality 14.000 lbs Per 300 lbs
£^''aS *;, first quality 7,000 lbs Per ion lh«
Sal Soda— California . . „ 12,500 lbs er Per ib
Soap, Laundry, Brown-
First quality, family... 7.700 lbs Perlb
I Starch— Laundry,
Lump, Kingsford or *
Duryeas— Best In mar-
_ ket 1,200 lbs Perlb
Tapioca. Pearl — Best in
market.. : 650 lbs Perlb
Tobacco— Black Navy 6,500 lbs Perlb
Tomatoes, Canned— Best
In market (2 doz. 2-lb
I tins In each case) 60 cases Per case
Vermicelli, White-No. 2 300 lbs Per lb
V I n c ga r — 30 degrees
hwdVr--Troph-y;h wdVr--Troph-y; 75 ° Ba B Per «*' I
Del Monte Raising, Pio-
neer, Golden Gate or
Crown (5-lb tins), as
may be designated .... 42 doz Per doz
CLASS 12.
COAL. YEARLY.
Coal — Wellington (Duns-
mulr), well screened,
free from slack and
shale, per ton of 2240
lbs
For Hospital (525 tons)—
For Almshouse (800 tons) 1,323 tons Per ton
Samples of groceries above enumerated may
be seen by intending bidders at the office of
the Mayor, City Hall.
NOTlCE.— Bidders will estimate separately
for each article enumerated, as per denomina-
tion, of the kind and quality as shown by sam-
ples, with the distinct understanding that the
lowest bid for each article required for each
class will be accepted, and that In every In-
stance no bid except from a merchant who Is a
regular dealer In the articles enumerated will
be received; also, that the Beef and Mutton
must be delivered at the institutions named by
the party or parties to whom the contract may
be awarded, at such time and in such quanti-
ties as required; that the Coal for the Hospital
is to be delivered at that institution, and that
for the Almshouse to be taken from the coal
yard of the successful bidder, or from the
wharf. in such quantities as may be ordered
from time to time; also, that the other sup-
plies must he delivered at the place (if busi-
ness of the party to whom the respective con-
tracts may be awarded, upon requisitions (in-
dorsed by the Chairman of the Hospital Com-
mittee) of the Superintendent Physician of
the City and County Hospital and the Super-
intendent of the Almshouse, at such times and
In such quantities as may be required from
July 1, lSiiS, to June 80, 1899, In more or less
quantities than designated on the schedule
without extra charge from the price bid. The
term more or less not being, limited to the
amount designated, but is for such amount as
may be required during the year. Also, bid-
ders will estimate under the express stipula-
tion that the Superintendent Physician of the
City and County Hospital, and the Superinten-
dent of the Almhouse. by and with the con-
sent ' of the Committee on Hospital, shall
have the power to purchase any or all of the
supplies required at the market rates, if not
furnished of the kind nnd quality as shown by
samples, at the expense of the party to whom
any contract may be awarded to furnish the
same, if upon the requisition of the officers
named the party falls to furnish the quantity
or quality of the supplies designated, which,
under contract, he may .be required to fur-
nish. Also, bidders will estimate', under the
express understanding and agreement that un-
der no consideration will the Board recognize
or allow any assignment of any contract or
allow the supplies. lncluded, In any contract to
be furnished from any other person than the
person to whom the contract Is awarded,
either under an assignment or other Instru-
ment, unless the consent of the Board Is first
obtained through a Resolution duly passed by
said Board and approved by the Mayor, con-
senting and agreeing to the same. The qual-
ity of the articles called for, where not desig-
nated, to be of the best quality, and all sup-
plies furnished for the Hospital and Almshouse
respectively, to-be subject to the approval of
the Superintendent Physician of the City and
County Hospital, find . the Superintendent of
the Almshouse, whose decision shall be final
PROPOSALS— Continued. .
and conclusive as to the reception or rejection
of any and all of the supplies offered. The
I beef and mutton furnished the Hospital and
I Almshouse to be weighed at the time of dcliv- [
i cry at those Institutions; and all other supplies I
! furnished to be Inspected and weighed at such !
times and places as may be designated by Bald !
Committee on Hospital. The party taking a j
contract will be required to give a bond In a 1
sum not to exceed five thousand I ($5000) dol- j
lars, with two sureties, to the satisfaction of
the said committee, for its faithful perform-
ance. Proposals to be indorsed "Supplies In
Class 1. Class 2," etc., as the case may be, "for
Public Institutions." ■
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required TO IMMEDIATELY FUR-
NISH THREE SAMPLES OF EACH OF
THE NON-PERISHABLE FOOD SUPPLIES
CALLED FOR AND ENUMERATED IN THIS
SCHEDULE, AND DELIVER THE SAME TO
THE CLERK OF THE BOARD OF SUPER-
VISORS. All food supplies shall be sub-
mitted for inspection by the person, firm or
corporation so furnishing the same at one of
the public food stations established by the
Board of Health of this city next to the muni-
cipal institution to be furnished with such
food supplies, and the character and quantity
and the quality of such food supplies shall be
then and there first Inspected, and said Board
of Health shall make report of such Inspection
forthwith to the Board of Supervisors.
The party to whom the contract Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the
execution of the contract, to pay the cost of
advertising this notice in three dally newspap-
ers, amounting to eight hundred and seventy
dollars and sixty-seven cents (SS7O 67). Each
class awarded to be charged with one-twelfth'
portion of the entire cost, and each
article awarded, where there are more than
one In any class, to be charged with its pro
rata of the amount as' designated for each
In order to preserve uniformity and to facili-
tate the award the Board has resolved to re-
ceive no bid unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check in the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars, j
In favor of and made payable to the
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, must
be deposited by the bidder, conditioned
if the proposal is accepted and the con-
tract awarded; and if the bidder shall fall
or neglect to pay the printing chargeß, exe-
cute the contract and give the bond required
within six days after the award is made, then
and In that case, the said sum shall be paid
into the City and County Treasury by said
Clerk as liquidated damages for such failure
and neglect.
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
' The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
if the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
PROPOSALS— For Burial of Indigent Dead—
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco. April 19, IS9S. - • ■ --■■
In accordance with Resolution No. 864 j
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors, i
SEALED PROPOSALS w .1 >-« received in open 1
] session of the Board of Supervisors on MON-
I DAY AFTERNOON. April 25, 1898. from 2:30
i to 3 o'clock, for the interment of the indigent I
j dead as are required to be burled at the charge |
of the City and County of San Francisco, In- j
eluding the City and County Smallpox Hospi- ,
tal, for the term of one year, beginning July
1. 1893, and ending June 30, 1599, in such ceme-
tery or cemeteries In this or other counties
wherein burials may be allowed.
NOTICE — The eof 'ns to be made of three-
quarter-inch surface redwood clear lumber, to
be lined with muslin and pillowed inside and to
be shellacked and varnished outside, and the |
tops to be fastened down with not less than \
six screws. In all smallpox cases the coffin !
shall be lined with No. 10 zinc instead of with
muslin, and hermetically sealed, and all coffins j
used must be subject to the Inspection and ap- j
proval of the officer In charge of the institu-
tion from which the body of the decedent Is to
I be buried, and must In all cases be taken to
such Institution for the purpose of having the
deceased placed therein.
No bid will be considered from any party
who has not been engaged in the undertaking
business In this city and county and conducted
said business in a reputable manner for a per-
iod of at least six months immediately preced-
ing the date hereof.
The grave to be excavated to a depth of at
least six feet. '
No body to be removed from the Institution
■where it lies awaiting burial within a period
of twenty-four hours after death, except by ex-
press order of the Superintendent or officer in
charge of said institution.
The contractor will be required in all cases
on the death of the indigent person from in-
fectious disease to inter the body of said de-
cedent within such time as may be designated
by notice from the Superintendent or officer
in charge of the institution where the death
may have occurred, and in all other cases
within thirty-six hours after notification by
the proper officer.
The contractor will further be required to
convey the bodies of decedents committed to
his charge for interment direct from the in-
stitution from which he receives the same to
the cemetery, and then and there bury the
same. And will not be permitted upon any
i consideration to convey such bodies to any in-
termediate resting place, or to keep the name
In his custody for a longer period than that
required for their transit to the cemetery.
Should the 'friends of any decedent apply at
the Institution where such decedent may be ly-
ing awaiting burial, for permission to bury the
same, and prove to the superintendent or offi-
cer in charge of said institution that their pur-
pose Is to provide a decent burial, -and .hut
they have no intention and will not allow the
body to be used for the purpose of dlssectlcn.
then and In that case the body of said deceatel
shall be delivered to said friends, who shall
take charge thereof and make the necessary
arrangements lor the funeral with any under-
taker they may think fit; but in such event
the contractor aforesaid shall have no claim
against the city for the burial of said de-
cedent.
The party to whom ! the contract may be
awarded shall be required, in all cases, to pro-
cure from the superintendent of the cemetery
wherein the burials have been made a cei-Uti-
catu of the proper burial of each person under
the provisions of his contract and of the.ro
specifications; and such certificate must, in all
cases, be attached to the demand of said con- j
tractor when presented to the Board of Su-
pervisors for approval, and must state the j
names of the decedents and the Institutions |
from which the body was procured.
In case of the violation of any of the above
conditions the contract shall be terminated by
said city and county.
The party to whom the contrast Is awarded
will be required, prior to or at the time of the I
execution of said contract, to pay the coat of
advertising this notice in three daily news-
papers, amounting to three hundred and forty- |
five dollars and two cents ($345 02).
All interments of indigent persons the ex-
penses of which must be borne by the city otid
county (other than those from any of the pub-
lic Institutions) must be authorized by the
Health Officer Issuing a permit therefor, and j
all bills for such Interments to be approved by
the Health Officer prior to being presented to
this board. All demands for the burial of in-
digent persons from any of the public insti-
tutions to be approved by the superintendent
of th* institution at which the death, occurs,
prior to being presented to this board. .
Bidders will estimate and . state a specific
amount for each interment.
In order to preserve the uniformity and to
facilitate the award, the Board ha* resolved to
receive no bids unless made upon blank forms
prepared by the committee, and a certified
check for the sum of five hundred ($500) dollars,
In favor of and made payable to the Clerk of
the; Board of Supervisors, must be depos-
ited by the bidder, conditioned that if the pro-
posal Is accepted and the contract awarded;
and if the bidder shall fail or neglect to pay
the printing charges, execute the contract and
give a bond of five thousand ' ($5000) dollars,
required within six days after the award Is j
made, then, and in that case, the said sum
shall be collected and paid Into the City and
County Treasury by said Clerk, as liquidated
damages for such failure and neglect.- 
Blanks furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all bids
If the public good so require.
JNO. A. RUSSELL, Clerk.
OFFICE C. Q. M. . Vancouver Barracks; Wash.,
April 14, 1898.— Sealed proposals. In triplicate,
will be received here until 11 o'clock, a. m.,
Mny 14, 1898, and then opened for furnishing
and delivery at Vancouver Barracks, Wash..
Portland, Or., San Francisco, ii M l. or else-
where, stationery required In Department of
the Columbia. Information furnished on ap-
plication. U. S. reserves right to reject <-r
accept any or all proposals, or any part
thereof. Preference given to articles of do-
mestic production or manufacture, condi-
tions of quality find price (Including In
the price of articles, of foreign produc-
tion or manufacture the duty thereon)
being equal, and such preference given
to articles of American production or
manufacture produced on the Pacific Coast
to the extent of the consumption required by
the public service there. Envelopes contain-
ing proposals should be marked: "Proposals
for Stationery," and addressed J. W.
JACOBS. Q. M.
DENTISTs!
A FULL set of teeth. $3; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted- ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns. $3 50; all !
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132. j
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 60c; !
teeth per set, $5 to $10; gold fillings. $1 up; !
silver. 50c up; artificial teeth repaired. $1 I
up; our crown and bridge work Is the best; I
hours, 0 a. m. to 9 p. m.; Sundays, 9 to 1.
969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch, 371 Hayes. !
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market m.. nr. 11th; !
no charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth I
from $8 per set: ertracting 60c; gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 0 to 20 O'Farrell."
VAN VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, $5 up; fillings. 25c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. • 997 Market st.,. corner , Sixth. ' •
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market. Academy of
Sciences bldg., Sth floor; painless dentistry.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAOUB,
removed to Call bldg., Cth floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st.
TYI -WRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and tented; few partly :
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
■ prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery
CITY REAL. ESTATE.
INSTALLMENT HOUSES.
' The best-situated spot In the city for
homes; right on a car line; corner Castro and
Twentieth sts. ;. only 4 out of 2S houses re-
maining unsold; 1 large 6-room house, $3600,
■ highly decorated, street accepted; 1 S-room
\ cottage, J2SOO; 1 6-room cottage, $2400., and 1
 4-room cottage. $2*50. F. NELSON, owner
and builder. ' ' '• '-
LADIES accommodated with money at home.
Ring up Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
ONLY $13 50 a month will buy a new 4-room
and bath cottage: good neighborhood :' 5 al-
ready sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery •• St. ■ - ....... ,■ • . . :»-.•.-.■■
$1200— NEW hoyse of 4 rooms and bath; lot
25x123: 14-foot cellar; brick foundation; on
Douglass st. SPECK, 602 Market st. . . ■ |
$2675—2 COTTAGES. 6 rooms and. attic: easy
terms; Liberty st.. near Castro: open Sun-
days. J. ANDERSON. Builder.
MILL VALLEY: for sale, house, furnished or
unfurnished. Apply at 526 Turk st. .. .
country REAL estate.
e^ton7^iTdridgs^&~coT
real estate agents.
638 Market St., San Francisco.
We make a specialty of handling choice villa
Bites, country residences, mountain homes and
small farms, lying between San Francisco and
San Jose.
Having secured a fine lint of these properties,
at low prices, we can make special induce-
ments; climate unsurpassed; no fog; quick
transportation, etc.
SWEENY RANCH.
Near Redwood City, San Mateo County; in
tracts of 100 acres or lees; rich soil; plenty of
water; this property Immediately adjoins Red-
wood City and is only 1 hour's ride from San
Francisco; suitable for small home farms;
price below all former quotations and upon
unusually easy terms.
FOR RENT.
A BEAUTIFUL COUNTRY HOME.
Situated In the foothills west of Stanford
University, overlooking the Santa Clara Val-
ley and the bay; handsome furnished house of
12 rooms, bath, etc. ; tine spring water, fruit
trees, stable and outhouses; will rent for a
term of years; only 30 miles from San Fran-
cisco. -■■■.■."- ■■/■
$1400 — Choice Income property In Redwood
City; half block of land; good house and barn.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS.
For Suburban Homes.
Especially adapted to raisins deciduous
fruits: subdivisions of 10 and 20 acres each in
I the Newhall & 'Wise tract; low prices; very
easy terms; small cash payments, balance
monthly; I J ,£ miles from Mountain View Sta-
tion.
EASTON, ELDRIDGE & CO..
633 Market St., San Francisco, or Branch Office,
Redwood City.
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant a\ - e.
50 ACRES, Contra Costa County; all in choice
fruit and bearing; will sell on very easy
terms; must be seen to be appreciated; will
subdivide if required; age of trees 3 to 5
years; on line of Valley Railroad and 3 miles
from S. P. deoot; 2 hours' ride from San
Francisco. Address G. S., Brentvrood P. O.
SNAP 8 acres, Belmont. only $1200: easy
terms; catalogue free. SPECK & CO., 602 Mkt.
TEITAMA County. SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant.
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. CaL
MONTGOMERY, 527, cor. Clay— until 9:3»
o'clock: branch office of The Call; subscrip-
tions and want ada taken. . ■
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATF..
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lota and acreage: easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
75-ROOM lodging-house for ranch $4,000
60 ranches, 5 to 5000 acres, from $100 to.. 50,000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 ■ 8.000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
A RESTAURANT, paying, to exchange for lot.
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market st.
EDDY, 305 — Furniture of 10 rooming house for
unimproved lot: onwner must leave city.
MONEY TO LOAN.
_^_^_^_^ _^,
ANY amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate;
2d and Sd mortgages, estates, real estate la
probate, life Insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
COLGAN. 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. .
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
POUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny st., upstairs./
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Powell st.
MONEY loaned -to salaried people on their
personal notes. Address Loan, box 3322, Call.
ANY sum on estates In probate; real estate.
HILL & CO., 14 McAllister st, room 64.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
i lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
commls. : low interest Rm. 6?. 11*0 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates la pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California St.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortfr;
any proposition. Dryden. 41S Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal: lowest
rates: no com.: private. 116 McAllister it. '
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and vrnnt ads taken.
MONEY WANTED. .
WANTED— S2OOO on mortgage: 8 per cent; Im-
proved Income-bearing city property. Box
&IM. Call -ofneo. ■■?.,. ..-■
FINANCIAL..
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
FAWNBROKKRS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
«5 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call, Sub-
scription* and want ad« tak»n.
CLAIRVOYANTS. ~
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life: aha
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life. past, present
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m.: perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mall. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader: born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 60c,
gents $1; palm, andclalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 126 Turk.
YOUR future told by cards; ladies, lOo; gents,
25c. 221 Sixth st. .
CONSULT the lucky medium. 41 Minna St.;
basement. . ...
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 25c: ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MME. MOREAU, best medium and card-
render: 25c up: charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Fnrrell. room 10. ■■ ..
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2, 120% Geary st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L.. 25c; G., 60c: no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c.up. 5 Fourth St. j
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ner. pro-
fession: never falls; advice: ••olp. 929 Post, 'i
CHEAPEST and beet in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 . 50, postage
free. •■..■■. .
SPIRITUALISM.
MME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night, 10c; 005 McAllister St.; fine music. ; . ;
MRS. FULTON TULEY, materializing seance
to-night, 50c. 1513 Geary st.
MRS. SEELEY, test meeting to-night at 1133
Mission st.: teat to all, 10c. ..-,...
MRS SHRINER, clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. ELLIS, medium,' 233 Valencia St.; read-
. ings $1: cir..,Tuen., Frl., 2 p. m. Sat., 8; 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st.; old No. 218. . .
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
■ sittings dally., 1234 Sixth st., room 14. >
M. FRANCES. Independent elate-wrltlng me-
dium. 118 Halght st. :
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute, 402% Geary; hypnotism taught;
■ diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured:
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 903 BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL, ESTATE.
COMPLETE ch!cken~ranch In Fruitvaie. now
ready for the business." It is the best sec-
tion in the State for chicken raising; rent $3
per month, or will sell at a barealn and on
terms to suit buyer. H. Z. JONES. Owner,
455 Seventh st., cor. Broadway. Oakland.
COMPLETE chicken ranch in Fruitvaie. now
ready for the business. It Is the best sec-
tion In the State for chicken raising; rent $5
per month or will sell at a bargain and on
terms to suit buyer. , H. Z. JONES. Owner.
455 Seventh st., corner Broadway, Oakland.
$75 LOT, worth $150. In the Alle- dale Settle-
ment, East Oakland: $5 cash. $5 monthly;
build your own home or we will build it for
you: payment as rent; all. ftreets graded,
some macadamized: 3 electric-car lines and
fine school house near by; climate, soil and
view the very best; call or rend for circu-
lar, 455 Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland;
carrige free. H. Z. -JONES. Owner.
GREAT bargain; 6-room house; Center Bt,
Oakland; $1100.
MUST be Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot;
will be sold In whole or part: offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
6-ROOM house: laundry and bath; water free.
Apply 557 Sixth at., near station. •
OAKLAND ROOMS.
ELEGANT sunny suite; -hot and cold water;
vacant May 1. LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rms. 556 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BO\R!>
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms!
with board: private: large yard. .
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. ECHELLHAAS 1 old store. 40S
Eleventh yt.. Oakland. r; m-'-V
Oakland medium.
| MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St., r. 3. Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA3IEDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAP; 83x148; 6 ro^m7^nTlja7h~lawn"
roses, fruit trees, vines, chicken houses S.
li . Call office,. Alameda.
SPECIAL NOTICE. \
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800. * c '00. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on " market for non-payment
! of installments, and they "re how offered at a
j great sacrifice to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms and are finished up to date;
alm"=-t new, and located near schools and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them out and invite
Inspection. ' ' MARCUSE &■ REMMEL.
Bay-Rt. station, Alameda, and 628 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$1200— Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600 — Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x130: only
2 blocks from station and nlgn school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location: very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H. P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park st.
BERKELEY REAL INSTATE.
ELEGANT cottage on northeast corner, one
block of U. C. grounds; must be sold this
month; also new 5-room cottage. In Oakland;
large lot; easy terms. M. L. WURTS, Sev-
enteenth and Broadway, Wurts block.
FOR SALE — Near university, house of 8 rooms;
large lot; will be sold very reasonably if
sold quickly. JAS. J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
SNAP — For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
' ncr lot and 6-room house In Berkeley; bath:
high basement; brick foundation: fine gar-
den; windmill; small amount cash, balance
on easy installments; also corner lot and 2-
Ftory house In West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS. 409 O'Farrell. S. F.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. 6'DO. NELL, ofnee and residence,
1206 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
"■V: Monday, April IS.
Stmr Westport, Hansen, 56 hours from New-
port.
Schr Gem, Olsen, 3,£ days from Tillamook
Bay.
Schr Wing and Wing, Grenberg, 3 days from
Coos Bay. '
SAILED. •
Monday, April 18.
Austrian stmr Burma, Mlkulicich, Nanaimo.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT BLAKELEY— April IS— Bark
Prussia, from Dyea.
SEATTLE— SaiIed April 18— Stmr Alliance,
for Orca; stmr South Coast, for Wrangel; schr
Beulah, for Alaska.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BREMEN— SaiIed April IS— Stmr Bremen, for
New York.
HAMBURG— SaiIed April Stmr Phoenicia, :
for New York
LIVERPOOL— Arrived April IS— Stmr Cuflc,
from New York.
PLYMOUTH— April Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm der Grosse, from New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed April 18— Stmr Scandia, for
New York. .
GIBRALTAR— April 18— Stmr Kaiser
Wllhelm 11, for New York.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-,
riage licenses yesterday:
Achllle Paladlni and Teresa Gonnella, 26-19
John C. Scott and Elizabeth L. Smith, 46-3 S.
A. F. Combatalade and Henrietta Verly, 22-19.
John Sohl Jr.' and. Amanda Dipple, 21-IS.
William J. Schuur and Lizzie Dipple. 21-21.
Michael J. Hughes and Julia Knowles. 28-23.
Ellas. B. Ware and Marcella Powell. 53-43.
James Hagtrerty and Catherine Uoran. 50-32.
Frank Quigley.and Mary Lyman, 48-44.
V. A. Peterson and Luela H. Pearson, 24-24.
Daniel W. Williams and Bertha I. Ogg. 30-25.
George Behn and Jennie Jonnston. 28-19. .
H. F. Dunbar and Elizabeth A. Knox, 24-22.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be
hande-1 in at either of th« publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the s&me pub-
lished.
BORN.
BECKER— this city, April 17, IS9S, to the
wife of J. P. Becker, a daughter.
BERTKEN— In Mariposa, April 12. IS3B, to the
wife of Julius Bertken, a daughter.
'BILLINGS— In this city, to the wife of J. C.
Billings, a son.
DINGLEY— In Fruitvaie, Cal., April 15. IS9S,
to the wife of C. L. Dlngley. a daughter.
HARRIGAN-In this city, April IS, 1890, to the
wlfo of T. F. Han-iean. a son.
LOMAS— In this city. April 12, 1898, to the
wife of E. R. Lomas, a daughter.
SGIER— In this city. April 14, 1898, to the wife
of John Sgier, a daughter
STUART— In this city, April 17, 1898, to the
wife of David A. Stuart, a son.
SCHROEDER— In .this city, April 14. 1898, to
the wife of the Rev. J. H. Schroeder, a
daughter. ■ ;• . > . •
SULLIVAN— Edgwood, April 11, 1898, to the
wife of D. W. Sullivan, a son.
WAITE— Redlands, April 10, IS9B, to the
wife of E. J. Waite. a son.
MARRIED.
BURFEIND— In San Bernardino
April 13. IS9B, by Justice J. T. Knox, Claus
Burfeind and Amanda A. Slzelov.
AUSTIN— Near Mariposa, April 12,
1698. by the Rev. Henry Neate, William li'
Cavln and Alice Austin.
DOBBEL— NEUMAN— In Redwood City Cai
April 17, IS9S. by the Rev. Father Conlan"
Charles H. L. Dobbel and Lillian M. Neuman.
LANDA— BAUM— In this city, April 17. 1898
by Rabbi A. Brown, David Landa and Rosalie
Baum, both of San Francisco. .
STANLEY-LEWELLYN— In San Jose. April 13
1893, by the Rev. Mr. Young, D. M. Stanley
. and Rachael Lewellyn.
WHITE— VAN GEEM— In Mariposa, : April 14
IS9B, by the Rev. Henry Neate, Geonte c'
White and Etta May Van Geem.
DIED.
Boyd. George W. Petersen, Charles P
Bradley, Patrick Ryan, Edward
Callaway. Elizabeth Rice. Abraham
Chamblin. Hattle A. Rappln, Dr G F
Code, Marie P. Robinson. Tlllle F*.
Cutts, Eugene B. Roger. Joseph
Eber, John Schallen. Anna
Galloup, Albert . Scheive, Wllhelmina
Gibson, Otto Schwabe. Oscar M.
Haddock, Sarah ■■ ■ , Seidenberg, Harris
Hamilton, George ■ t Sheehan, Patrick
Hartwig, Mrs. F. E. Smith. Georgle
Hoffe, John C. . Strong, George W.
Irelan, Samuel B. Taylor, George
Kuhn. Elsa Troy, .Mrs. Mary H.
Kerr, Mrs. Sarah Valerga, Rosa C.
Lindley, Mrs. Kate Wheaton -Elizabeth
Mitchell, Peter I. Woodruff. Frank
Morrissey, Mrs. Ann Zordl, Mary
Parson, Dr. ; Edward
BOYD— ln'thU city/April 13. 1898, George W.y
beloved son of Rachael and Andrew Boyd,
and brother of John. May. Andrew and Willie
Boyd, a native of San Francisco, aged 1 year
9 months and 17 days. (Philadelphia papers
please copy.)
(O"Frieii'ls and acqva'n'nnpc! 5 arc respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, trom the residence,
16 Natoma street. Internment 1. O. O. F.
Cemetery.
BRADLEY— In this city, April 17. 1898, Pat-
rick Bradley, a native of County Derry. Ire-
land, aged 50 years.
tu?Remains at the parlors of McAvoy &
Gallagher, 20 Fifth street. -..-'?,■"
GALLAWAY— In this city. April 18. ISPS. Eliza-
beth Banks, wife of J. T. Norman >..allaway.
a native of Mey, Caithness, Scotland, aged
35 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHAMBLIN— In Riverside, April 13. 1»98. Hat-
tie A. Chamblin. a native of Ohio, aged 57
years and S months. •
CODE— In this city, April IS. 1898. Marie P.,
Infant da;;;ht.T of George R. and Katie
Code, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
days.
CUTTS— Near Redlands. April 14, ISBS, Eugene
B. Cutts, a native bf Maine, aged f.'J years.
EBER— In Oakland. April 17. IS9S. John, be-
loved husband (if Margaret Bbcr, and father
of George and Jr.hn V.'. Eber an<l Mrs Alice
Bawrr.an, a native of Bavaria, aged years
9 months and 10 days.
GALLOUF-In Lorin. April 17. 1898, Albert, in-
fant son of George W. and Jessie Galloup,
aired 2 months an.l 11 .1.-lvs.
GIBSON— In this city, April 17. IS9S. Otto, be-
loved husband of Anne Gibson, and father
of Georre, Pranse and Walter GJbßon, a na-
tive of Sweden, aged 42 years 2 months and
22 days.
O'Fnenils an.l acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morr uv
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from nis late resi-
dence, us Board man nlace. thence to th«
Swedish Society's Hall. 909 ft Market street,
where services will be held, under th« aus-
pices of the Swedish Society, at 1:45 o'clock.
Interment Laurel HHI Cemetery.
HADDOCK— In this city. April 18, IW. Sarah,
bf-loved mother of William and Joshua Had*
dock, a native of England, aged 70 years.
r * !■>••:■. i- and '■ ua "\.%: •■■■- are renpect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
Craig & Cochran Company, 22 an.l .'fi Mint
avenue. Intern. rnt I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HAMILTON- In this ctty, April 17. 1898, i^orge
Hamillun, a native Of New Y.jrk, aeed 50
years.
HARTWIG— In Ban Jose. April 16. 1898, Mv«.
P. EL Hartwig, aged 41 >ears 1 month and.
1 day.
HOFFE— In Claremont. Alnmeda v. ounty, April
18, IS9B, John C, beloved husband of Cather-
ine Hoffe, and father of Edward and Ar-
thur Hoffe nn.l Mrs. Franklin \v elker, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 55 years.
(CT Not Ice Of funeral hereafter.
IRELAN— In this city, Ai>ril 1.". 1898, Samuel
B. Irelan, a native of New -crsey, aged 64
years.
CTThe funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Wednesday). Strictly private.
KUHN— In this city. Apru 18. 1898. Elsa, be-
loved and only child of Frank and Helena
Kuhn, a native of San Francisco, aged 6
years.
KERR— Near Tulare. April 15. ISHS. Mrs. Sarah
Kerr, aged 64 years and 8 months.
LINDLEY— In this ctty, April 18, 189S, Mrs.
Kate Undley, beloved mother of Hazel and
Fred Lindley. daughter of Mrs. Adelia Ord-
way, and s::;t. r of St-wnrt IliKht and Lillian
and James Ordway, a native of Sacramento,
aged 33 v-
[C^Frier.ils and acquaintances are respect*
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'cl ick, fr>m her late resl«
dence, 214 Leavenwurth street. Interment
private.
MITCHELL— In this city, April IS. IS9S, Peter
1., beloved son of Peter I. and Lizzie Mitch-
ell, a native of San Francisco, aged 7 yeara
and 10 months.
E7"Funeral private.
MORRISSEY — An anniversary requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of Mrs. Ann Morrissey at St. Ignatius Church
to-morrow (Wednesday), at 8 o'clock. Her
friends and those of her sons. Dr. Joseph G.
and Robert A. Morrissey, are respectfully,
invited to be present.
PARSON— In this city. April 15. 1898. Dr.
Edward Parson, a native of England, aged
60 years.
CyFriend3 are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Wednes-
day), at 11 o'clock, at Grace Church, corner
California and Stockton streets. Interment
Masonic Cemetery.
PETERSEN— In this city, April 17, ISO?,
Charles P. F., beloved husband of Mathilda
Petersen (nee Hadler), and father of Harry
W. Petersen Jr., and brother of Harry W.
Petersen Sr., a n*>'ive of Copenhagen, Den-
mark, aged 44 • --re and 8 da vs.
D"The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 325 Harriet street, between Bryant and
Brannan, Sixth and Seventh. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RYAN— In this city, April 17, IS9S, Edward,
beloved son of the late Edward and Margaret
Ryan, and brother of Hannah, John J. and
Thomas E. Ryan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 39 years.
BUTFriend? and acquaintances nre respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 529 Brannan street, between Seventh
and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's Church,
Tenth street, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
RICE— In this city. April 17. IS9S, Abraham,
beloved husband of Bina Rice, and father of
Alex and Becky Rice, a native of Bavaria,
Germany, aged C 3 years and 11 months.
CTFriends and acquaintance! are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10:1j o'clock, from his l»t»
residence, 1212 Buchanan street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery by 11:30 a. m. train
from Third and Townsend streets.
RAPPIN— In this city, April 18, IS9B. Dr. Ga-
briel P., beloved husband of Marie Rappln,
and father of Victoria, Matilda and Emma
Rappin, a native of Switzerland, aged 67
years 3 months and 25 days.
C7"Notice of funeral hereafter.
ROBINSON— In Alvarado, April 1!. IS9B, Tillie
F.. daughter of William and the late Mary
Robinson, sister of Charles Robinson, and
niece of Mrs. Amelia Ahrens, aged U years
and 8 months.
ROGER— In this city. April 17. 1898, Joseph
Roger, a native Of France, aged 72 years.
SCHALLEN— In this city, April 18, 1898. Anna,
dearly beloved wife of Henry Schaller, a
native of Amt Li'ienthal. Germany, a«ed 55
years 10 months and 12 days.
SCHEIVE— In this city, April 17, 1898, Wil-
helmina, dearly beloved wife of Adolph
Scheive, a native of Germany, aged 41 yeara
4 months and 5 days.
CT'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence SH Falmouth street, off Folsom, be-
tween Fifth and Sixth. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
SCHWABE— In this city, April 13. 189S, Oscar
Milton Schwabe. a native of Helena, Mont.,
aged 14 years 4 months and 16 days.
SEIDENBERG— In Seattle, April 17, IS9S, Har-
ris Seldenberg, beloved father of L. Selden-
berg Mrs A. Peyser. Mrs. J. Haeslech and
Mrs.. M. Cohen, a native of Prussia, aged 71
years and 3 months.
SHEEHAN— In this city. April 17, 1593. ■ Pat-
rick Sheehan, beloved brother of Mary Shee-
han and Mrs. Duncan McEachren, a native
of Mac-room, County Cork, Ireland, aged 45
years.
in?Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:45 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 746 Mission street, thence to St. Pat-
rick's Church, -here a requiem high mass
■will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
SMITH— In this city, April IS. IS9S, Georgie,
beloved son of Mrs. Amanda Smith, a native
of San Francisco, aged 8 years 5 months and
22 days.
STRONG— In this city. April IS. 1898, George
W , beloved husband of Elizabeth B. Strong,
a native of Somerset, Ohio, aged 69 years 2
months and 24 days.
TAY'LOR— In this city, April 17. 1898, George
Taylor, a native of Ireland, aged 69 years.
TROY — An anniversary requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of the soul
of the late Mrs. Mary ft. Troy this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'c.ock, at St. Peter's Church,
Alabama and Twenty-fourth streets. Friends
and acquaintances are invited to attendt
VALERGA— In this city. April IS. IS9B, Rosa
C. dearly beloved daughter of Mrs. Madda-
lena and the late Bartolomeo Valerga, and
Bister of the late Peter Valerga and Domenic,
Joseph and Frank and Mrs. P. Valerga. a
native of San Francisco, aged 16 years 7
months and 6 days.
Who at my side was ever near?
Who was my helpnate for many a yearT
Who loved me with a love sincere?
My sister.
When sometimes sick In bed I lay.
Who helped to nurse me day by day?
Anl at my bedside would always stay?
My only sister. KATIE.
WHEATON— In Oakland. April H. 1898, at the
residence of her daughter. Mrs. Kate a.
Bulkley, 541 Albion street. Oakland. Eliza-
beth Andrews, relict of the late William R.
Wheaton, a native of New York City, aged
S2 years 6 months and 24 days. (New York
City papers please copy.)
(CTFuneral and interment private.
WOODRUFF— Near Lodl, April 15. IS9S, Frank
Woodruff, a native of California, aged 35
years and 2G day*,
ZORDI— In Alameda, April 16. 1898, Mary
Zordi. sister of John and Jacob Zordl. a na-
tive of Canton Berne, Switzerland, aged 50
years.
([^•Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from 1 owler's Un-
dertaking Parlors, 1524 I'ark street, Alameda,
Cal.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNKKAL DIKECTOKS i EMBALMER3 I
It tilTH ST., Opp. Lmeoln Scioj..
Telephone, South 80. |
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMER3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Net! aye., near Market at.. Saa
Francisco. Telephone So. Urn.
910
KLONDIKE'S
GOLDEN
HARVEST
The Output of the District
Will Run Upward of
Twelve Millions.
Conservative Estimate Made Up
From a Personal Inspection
of Every Working
Mine,
BY SAM WALL.
Total estimated output for this year of the Klondike and Indian
River divisions of the Yukon mining districts, based on a personal in
spection of every working mine in those districts by Sam W. Wall,
$27,640,000.
Bonanza Creek $12,465,000
hi Dorado Creek 10,727,000
Bi^ and Little Skookum Gulches, including the bench claims 1,000,000
Hunker Creek 2,1 38,000
Bear Creek 500,000
Dominion Creek 1 50,000
Sulphur Creek 150,000
Gay Gulch 300,000 :
Last Chance Creek 100,000 ■
Gold Bottom Creek 60.000 !
All other creeks in the two divisions 50,000
Immediately preceding my coming
away from Dawson — starting "out" — I
made a tour of all the gold-bearing
creeks in the Klondike district; that is,
all the creeks where something more
than prospecting 1 was being done. My
purpose was to gain In advance of the
clean up the best information possible
as to the probable yield of gold. I vis
ited every considerable dump on El
Dorado, Bonanza, Bear, Hunker, Do
minion and Sulphur creeks, talked to
the owners of the claims when they
were to be found, and to the foreman,
laymen and miners on every such
claim. From them I got the results of
their daily pannlngs, from which they
computed the average value of the
dirt. This information was sometimes
freely given and sometimes reluctantly
and sometimes sought by the owners
to be entirely withheld. The mine or
claim owners are not as a rule boast
ful of their possessions now, since the
Canadian Government seeks to take
from them 20 per cent of the output. In
nearly every case, however, I ultimate
ly secured a careful and conservative
estimate from some one connected with
each mine, and can. with them all, sum
up the proba'ule output of the Klondike
ami Indian Kiver districts based upon
something more than a mere vague
guess. (Juesses have been made in
print ranging all the Way from five to
forty millions. The thick run of yel
low metal to be met with in Bonanza
and Xl Dorado creeks or the light trip
ping of the tongue over large figures
that is a familiar part of every man's
conversation In that big country makes
it easy to run to exaggeration. The
great part of the product of this year,
as it did last, will come out of eleven
miles of frozen ground on Bonanza and
four and a half miles more on El Do
rado, and when that is considered the
figures that I have to present as being
the reasonably certain output of the
mines will have their true value in the
forming of an estimate of the country.
It? probabilities and possibilities. The
output of last year — that which roused
the whole world to a stampede the
like of which the world had never seen
before — was one million dollars. Some
few say it was two millions. Creeks
that at that time were jokingly re
ferred to as frog ponds or were not
known at all will this year yield double
the higher amount, and the output of
El Dorado and Bonanza and the other
creeks in the Klondike district, exclu
sive of the Indian River district, will
rise above $27,0uu,000.
The country is a wonderland of gold.
And if I did not know it I would not
say It, for I have seen the nothing
ADVERTISEMENTS.
__ - J
IS'S 7?5i? ijvit-Jj fj^^\ r *2?^
Soon after I was taken ill my hair com-
menced to fall, so that each day more came
out than I thought I had in my bead. I was
turning gray rapidly. Finally I became afraid
to have it combed, but the nurse said that
wouldn't do, and used vaseline to keep it
in, then used beers marrow, then quinine
tonic, and finally (Ccticcea ointment), which
helped it immediately. The nurse said she
rubbed up a fine white dust from the scalp
where she could see nothing before com-
mencing, and the scalp looked healthier and
more natural every day. Now I haven't as
many gray hairs as when I commenced using
Cctici;ra, and I have a crop of fine brown
hair all over my head about an inch and a
half in length. I only lose a few hairs when
combing every day, and always more gray
than brown. My nurse is delighted becausa
the new hairs aro brown. I never had very,
luxuriant hair, even in my youth. It is as
thick on my head today as it ever was, and
Citticuka did it. Mrs. J. M. LAWSON,
March 5, 1898. 302 Hamilton St., Albany, N.Y.
LUXURIANT LUSTROUS HAIR
with a clean, wholesome scalp, free from irritat-
ing and scaly eruptions. is produced by warm
ehampoos with OuTicimA Boap, followed by,
light dressings with CfTicnßA, purest of emol-
lient »kln cured, the most effective skin purifiers •
and beaiitifieiß in tbo world. They clear the
scalp and hair of crusts, scales, and dandruff,
destroy microscopic Insects that feed on the hair,
soothfl irritated, Itching surfaces, stimulate the
hair follicles, and supply the roots with energy
and nourishment.
Sold throughout the world. Potteb Dkuo asd Cum.
Cob p.. Bole Propj., notion.
«"' mow to tteduce J*uxwi*at Hair," mtiUi. fw*»
less than frightful results of the rush
of unprovisioned and unprepared peo
ple into that frost-bitten land. I have
told about that. I have seen gold
thawed out of the ice in such quantity
as to amaze the miner, and it is none
the less my business to tell about that. I
did not see Alex McDonald take $11,000
from four buckets of dirt gathered
from the bedrock of No. 27, El Dorado,
but I have it on so much authority
that I may say that I know he did so.
I did see single pans of dirt yield as
much as $50 so frequently that it ceased
to be a matter worth noting. I saw a
little girl stand on a dump in El Do
rado and by permission pick up all the
nuggets she could find before the next
bucket came up from the shaft. A few
minutes later the results of her brief
industry were weighed in a neighboring
cabin and developed a value of $35.
They keep a watchman on the dump
at 29 Bonanza in order that no thief
may steal the dirt at night.
But the most important thing that I
have to =ay here Is that this very rich
ground Is not wholly confined to these
two creeks— Bonanza and El Dorado.
That is the question constantly being
asked, and I am able to answer it. On
June E of last year the first stake
was driven on Dominion Creek. That
waa a little more than ten months ago.
On the 12th there was the usual stam
pede that follows the first reports of a
new disco-very, and a number .f claims
were staked. Then came the custom
ary reaction. Many of those who
joined in the trying summer
Journey over the divides from
Dawson, about twenty-five miles
refused to record their claims
believing them to be of no value. The
stampede became a Joke. Along the
trail as I came over about March 1
last I fc-und remembrances of the spirit
Of fun that it had developed. Posted
upon trees and upon boards that then
scarcely protruded above the snow
were such notices as: "I claim ten
miles of this creek to be used as a
frog pond"; "I claim this tree for
climbing purposes"; "I claim thu sky
above for the purpose of raising an
gels." Very many of those who took
the trouble to make the trip thought
so little of what they secured by it
that they refused to pay the $15 that
it cost to record it and so make it their
own. The techarcos, or new-comers,
knew so little about mining in Alaska,
or the Northwest Territory, and what
constituted reasonably good-looking
ground that some of them built cab
ins and began prospecting. It was only
during the latter part of the winter
that there was a trail from Dawson to
either Dominion or Sulphur Creek that
could be followed with any kind of cer
taint3 r . Now both these creeks are
staked from the hilltop to the mouth,
and claims are valued as high as $100.
000, and the most remote and unpros
pected claims are quoted above a thou
sand. And the change Is not a matter
of mere booming, but is the legitimate
result of what the men who dug in the
ground found there. Out of the pros
pect holes dirt has been taken that
showed two ounces of coarße gold to
the pan.
Dominion and Sulphur creeks are
branches of the same stream, empty
ing into Indian River nd the story of
one is the story of both. The owners
of the claims are jubilant, and expect
to see their properties placed in the
class with those of the Bonanza and
El Dorado. This expectation has such
reasonable basis that Joe Barrett, who
owns some of the best properties on
both Bonanza and El Dorado, told me
that If $50,000 was taken out of Dominion
Creek in the clean-up this summer,
in view of the slight development work
that has been done there this winter,
he would put all the money that he
takes out of his first-mentioned prop
erties into the purchase of claims in the
newer field. This is what many of the
so-called bonanza kings will do and are
doing. Alex McDonald, who is the
king of these kings, in that he owns
more rich claims than any other, is do
ing so. He is buying up claims not on
ly on Dominion and Sulphur, but on
many other creeks about which even
less is known. He awns a dozen claims
on both the creeks named. He is build
ing a large storehouse on Dominion
Creek about midway between the two
"Discoveries," to cache supplies for
their development. This summer a per
manent trail will be built, leading over
the divide from Bonanza Creek at Cor
macks down into Sulphur and Domin
ion. Pack trains will be dispatched and
make regular weekly trips from Grand
Forks, the town at the mouth of El
Dorado. Next winter will therefore
witness such scenes of extensive de
velopment on Hunker, Dominion, Sul
phur and perhaps Quartz Creek as we
now find only on Bonanza and El
Dorado in this upper country. A com
pany has 1 oen formed and steps taken
for the building of a telephone line con
necting all these creeks, and it is prob
able that the work will be completed
before the return of winter.
So it is not strange that the habit
of laughing at the stampeder and his
claim because the crei'k located upon
has not been heard of before has gone
out of fashion in the far north. The
result of this winter's prospecting has
THE SA^ FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19 1898.
produced such results that a claim up
on any creek within a certain radius,
and bearing a certain relationship to
the discoveries, Is held to have some
speculative value. For that reason
the whole winter has witnessed a con-
Btnjit succession of stampedes, and
creek after creek, gulch after gulch,
has been staked off and recorded. The
Gold Commissioner's office is a small,
single-room, rough-board affair, and
his corps of assistants through a great
part of the winter consisted of two men.
He had several others in the early fall,
but for the lack of provisions was com
pelled to send them to Fort Yukon.
The work of recording was thus inade
quate to meet the conditions, and thus
every day, and all day long, there were
drawn up In front of the office a score
of the latest stampeders, stamping
their feet and swinging their arms to
keep from freezing — often unsuccess
fully — while they awaited their turn to
record.
With the moment that the exodus up
the river and the exodus down the
liver of last fall and the early winter
relieved the town of the fear of star
vation that oppressed and paralyzed
it, the prospecting of new creeks began
and Interest in mining revived and in
creased with each day, as almost each
day brought its rumors of new finds
and new locations. These rumors were
so frequent and most of them had so
little foundation that as the winter
dragged its slow length along they
came to bo little regarded and only
those who took the pains or paid the
price to keep properly posted knew
what to believe. There were a num
ber of these, however, who, having
money, were In a position to take ad
vantage of the situation, and they kept
Bcouts out watching the work of de
velopment on all near by creeks. As
often as good prospects were found
these bought up the neighboring claims
where they could at bargain prices.
A few men, taking advantage of the
necessities of those who lacked money
and particularly of those who lacked
provisions, bought up, or secured op
tions upon claims for the purpose of
sending them "out" to be sold, or of
fered for sale In the mining markets
of the world. Numbers of men found
relief from very embarrassing, not to
say distressing, situations by this
means. They found a ready market
with these so-called brokers or agents
for any claim upon almost any creek
at varying prices, of course, ranging
from $25 to $200. In most cases, how
ever, the broker paid but a few dollars
in money, if any, supplied the stam
peder with provisions, taking an option
on the claim at a fixed price ranging
from $f)00 to $1500 and over, according
to the location, the money to be paid
only In case claim was sold. Brokers
who had a good stock of provisions
often had several men constantly em
ployed ln_ stampeding and securing
claims on these terms. That was in
the early winter. Later this business
got so far beyond the Gold Commis
sioner's ability to record for all appli
cants that he made a terse law of his
own that no man should stake more
than four claims in one year. He based
this ruling on the law which requires
every claim owner to be upon and work
his claim continuously for three
months in the year, and there being
but twelve months in the year no man
could do that, he argued, for more than
four claims.
Numbers of claims were sent out dur
ing the early winter. Ail this time
development work was going on and
every now and then big pay was struck
on this and that among the newly lo
cated creeks. With each new " find
came a panic among those who had
bonded claims, or who, as agent or
broker, had sent them out to be sold
at figures quoted for comparatively un
known ground. Pome of the speediest
journeys from Dawson to Dyea were
made by men who came out to recover
deeds that had been sent out earlier
or to otherwise head off and stop pos
sible sales of claims that had increased
in value by $50,000 to $100,000 since the
papers were signed at Dawson.
Among the earliest of these strikes
was that on Hunker. Several among
the men who were forced to go down
the river In th~ fall for lack of provis
ions held claims on this creek which
they valued at from $1000 to $suoo. The
strike wna made before communica
tion had been re-established by the ice
on the river. No sooner had tlie first
dog team reached Dawson from Circle
City giving the sign that travel was
possible than a race was on to reach
these men for the purpos - of buying
their property before they became
aware of Its value. SeveraJ small for
tunes were made in a few days in this
way.
Then came the strike on Bear Creek
and after it on Dominion and on Sul
phur and other creeks. Many claim?
on th -se creeka had been sent out under
options that v.lued them at $louu ..,.■
$1500. Their values suddenly ran up
in Dawson along a scale from $10,000
to $100,000, and messenger were sent
scurrying out over the ice and snow
600 miles to Dyea with instructions to
get into telegraphic communication as
quickly as possible with the agent %vho
held the authority to sell and to with
draw them from the market at the
price previously given.
Dawson has been literally isolated all
winter. While individuals started "out"
at comparatively frequent intervals no
one came in. What was going on In
the world outside was only to be
guessed at. The ft*-st mail from the
outside reached Dawson on February
28, and it was the end of the first week
in March before it was distributed.
This brought money to many and in
telligence to all of the lively Interest
th~t was felt by the people in "the
States" concerning the Klondike and
this again quickened activities.
It Is expected with the clean-up and
the arrival of t*o great army of peo
ple now on the way that this summer
will see in Dawson the liveliest mining
camp that has ever been planted on the
earth. I think that there must be 15 000
people on the trail. On the lakes they
were marching in single file over the
truil as far as the eye could see, each
with his outfit on his sled and nearly
all running with sail set before a fa
vorable wind. It was a most remarka
ble sight.
The clean-up will be retarded some
what by the scarcity of nails necessary
for he making of sluice boxes A
neighbor of mine sold for $5 the right
to draw out and carry away the nails
he had driven in the walls of his cabin
for the purpose of hanging up his
clothes and other things. Of course
there will be no gold lost on account
of the scarcity of nails, but the first
boat may not carry down the river as
much as it otherwise would. How
ever, another and still better reason
for their not doing so will lie in the
fact that very much of the gold will
be held for reinvestment in the mines.
The detailed report of the output of
the mines which follows is based, as
stateJ, upon the very best information
obtainable from a personal canvass of
all the creeks and Is placed conserva
tively upon this information. The new
regulations which require a tax of 20 per
cent of an output above $500 a week
may materially interfere with the
wash-up. If it is to be enforced very
many of the claim owners say they
will only wash up enough each year
to come within the limit for the year —
that is $26,000. Major Walsh, the new
executive of the territory, whom I in
terviewed at Lake Bennett, declares
that it is the law and he m.ist see that
it Is carried into effect. It will have a
very demoralizing effect to say the
least upon the mlninT interests of the
whole territory.
There is a strong tendency among
American miners to go down across
the line into An erican territory and
the last months of the winter saw
stampedes numbering hundreds of men
toward Mission Creek, American Creek,
Charley Creek and others, all on the
American side, as well as to the creeks
about Circle City and even further
down.
To put an estimate on the output of
! the Yukon country there must be added
to this about $1,000,000 coming from the
; mines on the American side of the line.
I Following is the detailed report of
I the probable output of the mines in the
Klondike and Indian-River divisions of
; the Yukon district In the Northwest
! Territory.
i EL DORADO CREEK.
Total output, estimated, $10,727,000.
I El Dorado Creek-First location, fall of 1896;
, 58 claims staked. Pay runs across creek, 80 to
| 150 feet in width.  ■• -
I No. 46. Owned by James Qulnn, John Claf
fey and William Haas, ,ls: the highest claim
worked. Three men are employed there, four
holes sunk to bedrock; high pan $11; largest
i nugget $155; clean up $35,000.; '
I No. 45. John Hart well, John Ashby, Webb
Lumnkln and John. Janotsky. Two men work
j ["" g L . h £ les lo bedrock; high pan $20; will clean
No. 44. Same owners. Prospected all winter;
only recently found pay; will clean up $20,000.
: NO. 43. George Bunt, Norman Wood worth.
I jYoISo lays let, but ill-success in finding pay;
f lU,UW. ' .. : * •<- -5 '- --■ • ■■ ■ ■'■ '■ :-'.'-. - 1:--*1 :--*
No. 42. T. C. Healy. Six men working; will
i clean up $50,000.
| No. 41. Alec McDonald. Pat Gavin and Oeo.
! Byrnes. Nine men working, but seven gave up
lays, two only remaining; these struck pay
February 22; $16,000.
No. 40. Same owner*. Two lays let late In
the year; $12,000. ■
No. 39A. (Fraction of 86 feet). Klrkpatrick
| and Harper and Ladue. Two man working;
four holes to bedrock; $25,000. •
No. 39. Same owners. Two lay» let; 10 holes
down; 5 men working; $80,000.
No. 3S. Barnes & Matlock.' ' Claim pros
pected; very rich pay located: claim not being
worked this winter. i
No. S7A. (400 feet fraction). Robert Emboldt
and George Reynolds. 13 men working; 6 holes
down; will clean up $150,000; nugget found.
No. 37. Alec" McDonald, 8. J. Stiles. Two
men on lay; four others on wages; have been
working but a short time; will clean up $60,
000.
No. 86. Same owners. Claims opened last
year; pay streak located; two men on lay;
will take out $300,000.
No. 85. Mrs. j. j. Healy, Fritz Kloke. E. B.
Gay Charles Turgeon. Peter King. Eight men
working; have drifted from the surface and
hauled dirt out by means of dogs; $150,
No. 34. Alec McDonald, John Nelson, Harry
Smith, Densmore, et al. Three men on my,
$50,000.
No. 33A. Two men working; $30,000.
No. 33. Jenkins, Regan and Peterson. Ten
men; 6 holes to bedrock; wide pay streak lo
cated; $250,000.
No. 32. Henry Anderson, Charlie Worden.
Little work done; $25 000
No. 31. William C. Leak and O. W. Ashby.
Six men working; $200,000.
No. 30A. James Tweed. Two men working;
sluiced out last summer; will clean up for
winter's work $50,000; this is a fraction of 55
feet.
No. 30. McDonald and Chappell. One corner
of claim being worked; balance summer dig
gings; $100,000.
No. 29. Charlie Anderson. Twelve men on
one lay, and 3 men on wages; $250,000.
No. 28. Amboldt, Gage, Fred Hutchison. Four
teen men; nine shafts; $250,000.
No. 27. Alec McDonald, Joe Barrett. Eight
men working:: four shafts: 150 feet is being
worked for Barrett; McDonald has eignteen
men employed, and two lays are being worked.
This is the claim from which McDonald panned
$11,000 out of four pockets, taken off the bed
rock; $000,000.
No. 2<"j. Stanley and Worden. Twenty men
employed; $300,000.
No. 25 and No. 24. Twenty men working;
$500,000.
No. 23. Lou Ellis and Frank Belcher. Eight
men working; $100,000.
No. 22. Alec and Duncan McDonald. Four
lays; will work out this winter; sixteen men
employed on wages; $:*X>.OOO.
No. 21. J. J. Healy and Joe Barrett. Ten
men working- 150-foot pay streak; regular pans
run $10 to $20; $300,000.
No. 20. Healy & Barrett. Prospecting; ■ only
one hole to bedrock; $3000.
No. 19. Dorey, McGee & Son. Tea men work
in?; $60,000.
No. IS. Skiff Mitchell, John . Lynn, Louis
Sloss, Densmore Wilson & Co. Sixteen men
working; $300,000.
No. 17. James Hall, N. Picket. Two lays;
fourteen men working;. $300,000.
No. 16. Thomas Lippy. Sixteen men work
ing; $300,000.
No. 14 and No. 15. James McNamee, William
Scouse. William Young and Thomas Flack.
Let out In ten lays; forty men employed;
$1,000,000.
No. 13. William . Leggett & Co. Thirty men
working; $230 taken In one pan. $1100 in one
bucket. Legsrett bought this claim last year
for $15,000; paid $5000 cash and took the bal
ance out of the ground '.n six weeks; will
clean up $600,000.
No. 12. Louis L&nglols, George Ellis. Mrs.
Healy. Eight men at work; will yield $200,000.
; No. 11. Fred Rruceth and Blake. Eighteen
men at work; $»;".0.000.
No. 10. John Erickson. Sixteen men; two
shafts; $350,000.
• No. 9. George D. Mars. Sixteen men work
ins; $350,000.
No. S. James MoNamee and Charles Lamb.
Eighteen men; entire claim will be worked out
this year; $400,000.
No. .7. Fred Hutchison and Louis Empklns.
Twelve men working six shafts; 4300,000.
Nris. 6. 5 and 4. Antone & Berry's claims.
Forty men working; $1,000,000.
No. 4A. '(133 -foot fraction). Thomas ■ Pelky.
All lot out on lays: $150,000. . .
No. 3. Knutz Halstead, Fred Bruseth. Six- j
teen men working; $2(-O.0O0.;
No. I. Frank Phiscator. Eighteen men work- !
; ing; $250,000.
No. , 1. Skiff Mitchell, Wilson, Newman and
Mlzner. Not working: summer digging. .;•.. \
Fraction of ISO feet below ito: 1. Leonard &
Elwell. Four men on two lays: seven men on
wages; partly summer dippings; $250,000.
BONANZA CREEK.
Total output estimated, $12,290,000.
The three claims comprising Discovery, one
above and one below, owned by George W.
Carmack. and the two Indians, Skookun Jim i
and Taglsh Charley, will yield $1,000,000; sev
enty men ore employed on these claims, to
gether with six lays; the claim worked to
gether under one superintendent, Mr. Clemens.
No. 2 above. John J. Dusel. Two men work
ing; $25,000.
No. 3. Stuart, Klrkpatrick, ' Harper and La
due. Seven men working; $60,000.
No. 4. Hill. Connor, McConnell and Green
ough. Eight lays left; $160,000.
No. 6. Haltman and Stewart. Sixteen men
working; $170,000. I
No. 7. James Tade Waugh, England, Me-
Galgh and John . Heightman. Twenty men
working; $200,000. '
No. 9. J. J. Healy et al. Four lays forty
feet deep; $50,000.
No. 10. John Smith, Arthur Cook and Fox.'
Thirty men working; dirt averages 10c to 25c;
streak about 40 feet wide; $100,000.
No. 11. Lumpklns & Co. Seven men work-
Ing; $60,000.
No. 12. Harry McCullough, Harry Wright and
Fred Price. .Seventeen men working; $200,000.
Nob. 13 and 14. Picket, Lafond and Grant.
Five men working. Good ground; but late In
striking pay; $00,000.
No. 15. Frank Conrad, Thomas Blake. R. 8.
Ames. ■ Twenty-five men at work; $300,000.
. No. 16. Matlock, Monroe and Smith. Eight
lays; very rich; $300,000. :
No. 17. Oxvle and Louis Langlols, J. J.
Healy et al.. Fifteen men working; $200,000.
No. 18. Densmore, Spencer and McPhee, Con
Doyle, William Wilkinson and John Lynn.
Seventeen men working; high pan $15 20; two
pay streaks: $250,000.
No. 19. John Wick and William Lawton.
Twelve .shafts; three lays; $200,000.
No. 20. Frank Pechon and William Gouvln.
Six men working; four holes; $100,000.
No. 21. Louis B. Rhodes. Ten men working;
11 holes to bedrock; $150,000.
. No. 22. Monroe and Cowley. Eight men work
ing; $80,000.
No. 23. Lou Rhodes (claim 833% feet long).
Two lays at work; $50,000.
No. 248. Smith and Plckert. Laymen have
worked out half. Owner drifting with six men
on the other half; $50,000.
No. 258. (Fraction 41 feet). Two men; be
gan work late; $10,000. .
No. 25A. James Rowan. Fifteen men work-
Ing six windlasses running; high pan $20; $150.
000.
No. 33. Andrew Nelson and John Delgard.
Sixteen men working; high pan $75; ounce pans
frequent; $350,000.
No. 34. J. A. Stewart, T. S. Scott. Summer
diggings; 8 feet to bedrock; putting dam to run
sluice in summer.
No. 35A. (Fraction 75 feet). Peter Welberg.
Four men at work; handicapped by water all
winter; $25,000. » -
No. 35. Pat Gavin, George Byrns. Nine men
working; $luo,(kiO.
No. 3S. D. •E. Ward. Sixteen men working;
high pan $V 7; $1.-0.000.
No. 37. Jack Bros. Six men; three shafts;
$60,000.
No. 39. J. .1. Healy and Joe Barrett. Thir
teen men working-; 8 holes; $250,000.
No. 41A. Martin Christopher. Three men
working; 7 holes to bedrock; $50,000.
No. 41. Thomas Pelky, Charles Gilbert. Four
teen layers working; high pan $132; $400,000.
No. , 40. Jim Berry and Antone. Nine men
working; $250,000.
No. 42. L. Warburton and Ed Ward. Twenty
six men working; 20 holes; $300,000.
No. 42A. (Fraction). * Ward & Webbleton.
Sixteen men working;- $100,000.
.• No. 42 B (fraction 250 feet). Anderson, Salter
and' Mill. Eight- men- working; $50,000.
No. 43. M. F. Johnson, C. E. Franklin: $20,
000. • ..: -. , ' ■
No. 49. George Johansen.' One man working
J on lay; $5000/
No. -55. O. Johnson. Two men working and
prospecting; hli;h pan $1; have not struck the i
pay streak: $10,000.
No. 57. .Tosiah Wilson nnd Fitzgerald. Two
j men working; pay streak six feet deep; fol
■ lowed it forty feet across without running out;
$10,000. .
No. 58." One man at work; found good pros
pects; $5000. - i. ...
No. W. William FHrrell and Mrs. King. Two
men recently began work: $10,000.
No. 2 below. [ H. McDonald, Bob Eggin and
John Felix et al. Twenty-six men working; I
$500,000. ' • '. ;.. .:«.;
No. 3. Ashby. Leigh .and Land. Thirty men
working; 3.M> fpet worked on lay. 150 feet by
owner; can pay running • expenses by daily
panning:; pay streak 250 feet wide; total-clean I
up $700,000. . . ■ • ■■•■_ .-: . .. ,«s ..•■ ,■■■ .
No. 4. Owned by syndicate, whole claim be
ing worked In 50-foot lay;. thirty men working; I
$600,000. ' s- •: ,; . ,■•-. . ..- ■ ■ ■-. •-.-..
;••; No. 5. IW.son and Fox, their claim being
worked on. lays; thirty men working: $700.000..
No. C. James Ogelby/Alex McDonald. Claims
spotted; three lays given Up,' one very rich; $40
to $50 per pan frequent:- S4OO,(HVC .
I No. 7. Gasford, McDonald and Matlock: fur
teen lays; fifty men working, but .their claim
will -be worked out this year; high pan $25;
$800,000. ■. . - , ■ -
:_■ No. , 8. Isaac > Powers, .- Alex. . Bomler, ' Bam
Matthews, Rudolph Flour, George Parment:
thirty-five men working; $660,
No. 8 A. Cooks et al. (416-foot fraction), all
let on lays: $200,000.
No. 9. Jud<re Morford, Harper Ladue and
Kirkpatrick; two men working on lay; $25,000.
No. 13. John Horn; twelve men working on
four lays; $50,000.
Nos. 14, 15 and 18. Waugh and McKay; four
men working: $600 taken from bottom of pros
pect hole in the pan; 175.000
No. li. Voss and Dr. Will: small dump:
claims sent out for sale; under bond for $100,000.
$15 000 \ and 19 - Wlls "° n & Co.; 6 men on lays:
$10*000 21 ' Barnes & Matlock. 4 men on lays;
$15*000 22 ' John Baker & Co 8 men on la -y»;
m^ O - 22 O rkPn 0 ;- ds?6d $?6^ attleß A Jack McQuesten; ■
woVk'4 4 ; J-S^ Hamntoa •* *••• 20 men
v-°' m Co >' & Co.; 4 men working; $10,000.
<!S. Johnson & Co. ; 4 men working; $10,
v£ S'->S '->nn S nd I?' Slxt<? men working; $25,000.
v°" ',V ay Bros -: 8 men working; $20,000.
■■£• a! strong. Painter and Leak; $40,000.
working! $O. t OO0 lUt ? layS; twenty-two men
No. 45. Four lays being worked; $50,000.
worked;' $50-'™ b> ' Ant ° na; flV ° lay being
11*0 'an 7 ' hour? j'fW* laymen hMn * men at
worked 4 ; S -SSO^ er rtCh: tOUT lay§ ™**
No. 49. Sloper; two lays; $15,000.
No. 50. Isaac Powers and Judge Mortord;
four men working; $20,000
No. 51. Ten lays working; $150,000.
No. 62. Neal and Crawford, Brand and Jer
ome; six lays working; $150,000. Two bench
claims off No. 62 will pan $75,000.
No. 65. Owned by Canadian company at Ot
tawa; four lays; $40,000.
No. 68. Frank Jones and others; six lays;
will clean up $50,000.
No. 69. Lower end Is rich: $50,000.
No. CO. Minnick & Co.; let on lays, entire
claim being worked; $150,000.
No 61. Working on upper end prospecting;
small dump; $20,000.
No. 80. Twenty men at work; $75,000.
BEAR CREEK.
Total output, estimated, $500,000.
No. 19 below discovery; Is at the mouth of
the creek; owned b^- Fred Knocson. Gus Carl
son and Henry Seymour; seventeen men at
work; five holes to bedrock: largest pan $60;
will average $1 per bucket; pay streak twenty
two feet wide, three feet deep; no burning is
necessary on this claim, the ground being kept
thawed, presumably by the backwater of the
Klondike, into which the creek empties; will
clean up $60,000.
No. 18. Henry Cheney and W. D. Jones have
a lease on this claim from S. F. Sears for two
years and will probably work it out ln that
time. They have five men at work and will
clean up $50,000.
No. 17. Richard Butler; two men at work
for the past four months: will take out $15,000
No. 16. Fred Hutchison, John Smith; four
men working; clean up $25,000.
No. 15. Fred Knocson, John Smith; four men
working; best pan $13 50; average pan about
20c; clean up $20,000.
No. 15 A (fraction). 'William Robinson, J.
L. Rankln; six holes sunk without finding pay;
work stopped.
No. 14. Harry Wilson; claim let out on lay;
three men at work; dump will average 50c to
76c; bad luck with early work, but will take
out $20.n00.
No. 13. Charles Hllty. Fred Grand; streak
of rich ground six to eipht f«x»t wl>le, aver
aging $1 to the bucket: clean up $20,000.
No. 12. Harry Baker; two men had lay, but
relinquished it.
No. 12 A (fraction 160 feet). Prospecting;
high pan $7 50.
No. 11. Willis McKlnnls; prospecting; not
reached bedrock.
No. 10. Sam Stanley and Charles Worden;
prospecting; have not reached bedrock.
No. 9. William Hawes; one hole to bedrock;
four men working; clean up $10,000.
No. 8. John Sheehy, Martin D. Young; pros
pecting; have not found pay streak; will clean
up $6000.
No. 7. O. J. Ekre, P. A. Peterson. John A.
Peterson; twelve men at work; pans from 21c
to $21; one foot of the ground will average $5;
clean up $100,000.
No. 6. Fred Bear. Frank Carroll; three men
at work: bedrock is thirty-four feet below sur
face: expect to put on more men; will clean
up $30,000.
No. 5. Alw McDonald. Byrne and Oavln: let
to C. J. Cunningham and William Harrah: re
cently struck pay streak seven feet wide, run
ning from 3c to $3 50; clean up $10,000.
No. 4. J. B. Quißley nnd Thomas Cook; four
men prospecting; clean up $10,000.
No. 3. From this point to No. 6 above no
other than prospecting work Is being done. No.
6, owned by Fred Munner, has four men em
ployed and will clean up $20,000. Munner
worked the claim alone until he struck a $40
pan and then employed others.
HUNKER CREEK.
Total output estimated, $2,138,000.
Hunker Creek— No. 74. six miles from the
mouth of the creek, Is the first claim being
worked. They have struck no big pay as yet,
but the dirt runs from 5c to 13c, and they are
still locking for the - 1 "'- streak.
No. 60. Stack & Robinson. Three men at
work, three i.oles down to bedrock, and will
clean up $15,000.
No. 53. William Jensen. One hole sunk to
bedrock and found live feet with 2uc dirt;
$10,000.
No. 62. Butler. McCutcheon & Co., four men
at work four holes down; will clean up $2",ij00.
No. 80. J. J. -McKay, let out on lay; i-.iv.i
holes sunk; did not strike pay and lay relin
quished.
No. 49. A. L. Spotts; four men at work;
nine holes sunk; bost pan $3 30; will take out
$30,000.
No. 48. Butler & Lamrough; representing.
No. 44. Angus, Keller ai Thomas; three
men at work; six holes to bedrock: highest pan
$S» 50; 150 feet of pay streak from 2 to 4 leet
deep in the gravel; will take out $20,000.
No. 43. Hagan & Ash and Spencer, McPhee
& Fuller; ten men at work on lay and four
men under wages; 13 holes to bedrock; $30,000.
No. 41 A. David Evans; Thon-.as Dolan; six
men working three holes to bedrock; getting
25c dirt across fraction, which is 212 leet wide;
$40,000.
NO. 41. R. P. Low, Robert Ash, J. J. Healy;
claim being worked on lays at 60 per cent;
Blx men working; five holes to bedrock; SO
leet of drift; caught big pay recently; puns
$54 50; we cleared up $100,000.
No. 40. William Hanke, William Ash. Wil
liam Emerson and Captain Wadsam; seven
men working four holes across the claim, good
pay in all; we cleared up $70,000.
No. 3y. James Morrison and Thomas .'oung;
twelve men working on four lays, em|>loyir.g
seven others on wages; sixteen holes to bed
rock; high pan $5; largest nugget one v.unce;
cleared up 166,000.
No. 37. Dk'k Eckert, J. F. Hopkins; seven
men working; live holes to bedrock; hi«?h
$17; creek runs In center Of pay streak and
early work hindered by water; turned the
creek across the hill and will work next sum
mer; $70,000.
No. 25. W. M. Cowley and W. L. Ayers;
two men at work on lay; four holes to bed
rock; $20,000.
No. 35C (fraction 100 feet wide). August
Larson; two men working; $25,000.
No. SSB (fraction 400. feet). Thomas Moore,
Daniel McVkker; two men working for W&ff4i
and two others on a luy; two holes to bed
rock; highest pan $13; $20,000.
No. 35 A (fraction 430 feet). Bklff Mitchell.
Captain Hansen and Joslln; ten men w>rklng
on lay; eight holes down; best pan $3; $100 (K.O.
No. 35. Charles Levy; three men a: work on
lays; four holes to bedrock; high pan $1 50;
$30,000.
No. 33. Leonard A. Mason, Henry Thlbert
and Peter Burge«s; four men working; five
holes to bedrock; high pan $1 25; thirty-eight
feet of pay nve feet deep; clean up $40,000.
No. 32. John Smith; two lays let: seven holes
sunk and lays given up, falling to strike pay.
Noe. 31 and 30. Patrick Galvln, G. W.
Byrne and W. E. Armstead; six men working;
ten holes to bedrock; five others started, but
flooded with wa.ter; high pan $19; clean up wO.
000.
No. 29 (300 feet). Curley Monroe and
Thomas Klrkpatrick (recently purchased from
Harry Wright for $19,000). Lays then; was
bought off and no work being done at- pres
ent; 8 holes to bedrock, and two good dumps;
$20,000.
No. 28. A. McDonald. Summer diggings;
sluiced last year; ln preparation this summer;
prospected four holes down, covering width of
60 feet.
No. 27. William Chappel and Albert Gray.
One man at work prospecting; thrve holes
down; JSOOO.
No. 26A. (Fraction 17G feet). Belcher Bros.
One man prospecting.
No. 26. Aiex McDonald and Frank Bouchard.
Two men working; S holes down; summer dig
gings; will clean up this winter $20,000.
No. 24. Andrew Ness and Humboldt Gates.
Six men working ln three lays; ID holes to bed
rock; ?50,000.
No. 23. Alex McDonald and Harper & Ladue.
Work begun and hindered and finally Etopped
by water.
No. 2^A. (Fraction 75 feet). John William.
Four men working; 5 holes to bedrock; high
pan $50; clean up $30,(00.
No. 22. John Lynn and Joe Topalla, Spencer
and McPhee and SklfC Mitchell. Throe men at
work on ~~0 feet; remainder worked out in 76
foot lays; high pan $38; clean up $75,000.
No. 21. Fred H. Berry, Clarence Berry, Mo-
Grath and O'Brien. Four lays let; 15 holes to
bedrock: high pan $17 45; $20,000.
No. 20. C. Monroe, Tom Kirk. Three men
working; 4 holes to bedrock; high pan $71;
clear up $75,000.
No. 19. Harry Olsen. Nine men working; 11
holes to bedrock; high pan $8; $50,000.
No. IS. Thomfi-s Ivlrkpatrick. John Van Ider
steln; six men working; five holes down: dirt
running from $4 to $20 in a bucket; owners
bought out three men who held lays; $60,00rt.
No. 17. Thomas Klrkpatrick: pr<>sptvtrd
last spring; good pay found, but not belnjf
worked.
No. 16. Thomas Klrkpatrick, H. Ladue;
three men on lay; three holes to bedrock; high
pan $7: nurrtret $12 80; bothered by glaciers;
clean up $20,000.
iNo. 15. Charles Sturreon and Joseph
Bouchard. Two men working on lay; two holes
down; clean up $20,000.
No. 14. Louis Smith, Joe Rpno, Vie Lord;
four men on wa^es: six men on lay: four holes
to bedrock; high pan $10; largest $79 85; clean
up $100,000.
No. 13. George Mulligan: five men working;
three holes to bedrock: "10.000.
No. 12. Andrew Ness, Humboldt Gates:
eight men working; high pan $23: el>rht holes
to bedrock; dirt averages 40c: clean up $75,000.
No. ii. John Bartlett: four men working;
four holes to bedrock; high pan $2 50: $40,000.
No. 10. J. J. Brown and Harr> Davis: flVe
The fac-simile y^ _//17>a 7f~* is on every wrapper
signature of (^ta/^jfj^^^ id CASTOKIA.
men working; five holes to bedrock; high ran
$20; will have 22 In length, averaging 40c;
clean up $45,000. - ' ,
No. 9. George Johnson, John Buck; six men
working; six holes to bedrock; high pan $60;
$75,000.
No 8. B. Wash, John Whitney and Richard
Butler: eleven men wnrkine: fourteen holes to
bedrock; high pan $61 50: $100,000.
No. 7. James and Daniel Robinson and H.
McLean; eleven men working; eight holes to
bedrock; high pan $86; $100,000.
No. 6. Frank Wadsworth and Alex McDon
ald; party summer diggings; two men work-
Ing: two holes down; -high pan $14; six box
lengths of dirt of high average; $20,000.
No 5. Not working. .
No. 4. Drain being dug for sluicing this sum
mer; prospected last year, with good ground
developed.
No. 3. Harry McDonald, Phillip Kenny and
James McClarty; fifteen men at work; seven
holes to bedrock; high pan $33; nugget woith
1104: pay located sixty feet across and not y»>t |
prospected within: will clean up $120,000.
No. 2. Warburton; six men working; six !
holes down; high pan $68; will clean up J4o,(«\>.
No. 1. James Robinson; two men proa pect
ins.
Discovery. Andrew Hunker; summer dig- !
ging; took out $17,000 last year; $200 to one I
pan: $7000 to a box left.
No. 3 above. Alex McDonald and Zeke Ogil- I
vie; four men working on two lays; high pan ;
$10,000: $20,000. ; :.->
No. 6. Munson; three men threw up lay;
owner continued work and struck good pay;
will clean up $10,000.
' No. 6. James Sullivan; two men working;
$10,000.
No. 7. Albert Dalton; two men working lay;
$10,000.
Nos. 8 and 9. William Young et al. : $10,000.
No. 9A (fraction 105 feet). D. C. Sager;
four men on lay: $lo.iV>o.
No. 10. C. Phillip: two men working; $10,000.
No. 12. Fred Brutceth; $5000.
No. 13. James Sullivan; one man working;
$5000.
No, 17. J. J. McKay and Waugh: one
hole to bedrock; $5000.
No. 22. Edward Smith, John Black. Charles
Martin; three men working; two holes down;
high pan $2 £0; five-foot pay dirt struck; $20,000.
SKOOKUM GULCH.
Big and Little Skookum Gulches, which come
into Bonanza Creek a little below the mouth
of El Dorado Creek, are extremely rich. Th«
knoll or rounded hill that separates the two
Is found to be rich to Its very summit and the
entire hill Is located, there being thirteen tiers
of b»>nch claims. One hundred men are em
ployed on the hill and In the gulches and a
careful estimate of the output places the total
at not less than $1,000,000.
DOMINION CREEK.
Total estimated output, $150,000. This creek
Is in the Indian Hiver division and is a branch
of Sulphur Creek. It heads up In the same
hills where Bonanza and El Dorado have their
source, though on the ether side of the divide.
The creek is scarcely out of the prospecting
period and has few large dumps, although
shafts are being: sunk at near intervals over
ten miles of its length. There are two Discov
ery locations four and a half miles apart, and
some confusion in locating between these h;i.s
resulted. The following are the largest dumps
on the creek:
No. 15. Below Upper Discovery; two men
working; five holes to bedrock; high pan $14;
located pay streak 100 f p-.»t ; took out $,~<X> in
four hours, from fifty-seven buckrts: $20,000.
No. 1 above T'pper Discovery. J^e Beck. Two
men working: took iW) r>ut of prospect hole;
located pay streak 100 feet wide: $1".,0(K>.
No. 1 below Upper. Yon d»r Held and Bow
man. Two men working; three holes to bed
rock; jr.ooo.
No. 6 below. C. W. Hall. F. E. O'Brien.
Three men working; two holes get $3 to $30;
clean up $10, OX).
No. 9 below. Thompson & Co. Two men
working; $,"000.
No. 20. Joe Beck and John Hagerman. Two
men working: ?f.O».
No. 31. Ernest Alexander. Louis Pond. Four
men working; high pan J3S; series of twelve
pans $12 to the pan; another series of five pans
total $S7 £0: $20,000.
No. 31A (50-foot fraction). Two men work
ing; $5000.
No. 34 (disputed claim). A. Donnelly and
Olof Helgestad. Two men working; two shafts [
to bedrock; $5000.
No. 33. John Br^nnan. Two men working; i
two holes down: $6000.
No. 2 below Ivower Discovery. Anton* Bo
zatto, Eugene Vogel. Two men working: four
holes to bedrock: high pan 1 ounce; $15,000.
Other prospect holes and small dumps on the
creek will yield about $15,000.
SULPHUR CREEK.
Total estimate of the yield, $1.'0,000.
This creek is the main creek of which Do
minion Creek Is a branch. It empties into In
dian Kivpr. Hlch muck banks may cause
creek to t>" backward In development: prosper
ing Is being done over a lartre portion of the
creek with most encouraging results. From
Discover? to mi below pood pay has been
found. There are on this creek one or two
large dumps.
No. 3S. above Discovery. Charles Palmer, Dr
rienrce Smith. Several $,"0 pp.ns; 10 feet of pay
dirt, averaging $9 to the bucket; $90,000
No. 4 McßrMe and Cmwlev. No 5 nnd
B. Beckett and Foote. No. ?S. King & Co No
4S. John King. No. 30. S. C. Rarrineton. All
p.re making good pay, and will yield a total of
$50,000; other claims will yield $10,«00 more.
CAY GULCH.
Total estimated ylcl.l, $330,000.
Gay Gul^h romps into Xl Dorado Creek at
No. 36. The claim at the mr>.,th is very rich
Its pstimated yield being $300,040. It Is owned
by Chapell, Gay, King and Gray.
LAST CHANCE CREEK.
Total estimated output, $100,000. Last Chance
Creek Is a tributary of Hunker Creek. It Is I
four or four and a half miles; Magee No. 26 j
and Lettenan an.l Kontane Nos. 4. 5 and 6 have I
big dumps of good dirt that have panned from
50 cents to $20.
GOLD BOTTOM.
Total estimated output, $60,000. • Gold Bottom ■
Ib also a tributary of Hunker Creek, coming In i
at and below Discovery on the latter creek. j
No. 1, Chism, Nelson & Monroe; No. 2, Louis
Meyer and No. 11, John Duzel. are working
thirteen men and have quite large dumps.
—— i
UNJUST FREIGHT RATES.
Manufacturers Protest Against Dis-
crimination Between East
and West.
The Manufacturers' and Producers' As
sociation has decided to send to its mem- ;
bers a statement showing the unfair dis
crimination of the railroads in the matter
of freight rates between this city and
cities of the East. The matter was taken
up a long time ago, but nothing wns marie
public, on account of some of the directors
fearing that the railroad nun would take
offense and make the conditions harder
if the wrong should be presented to the
puolic. However, a committee was set to
work to compile data upon the subject,
and the table produced is very Interesting
for the most of the community. It shows
In a hundred places how the manufacturer
of the West Is obliged to compete with
his brother of the East on decidedly un
equal conditions. The jobber and manu
facturer of Chicago and New York can
send products and goods to this coast all
the way from 10 cents to $6 per hundred
pounds cheaper. For example, the rate
on agricultural implements in carload lots
from San Francisco to Chicago is $3 40 a ;
hundred pounds, while from Chicago to ;
San Francisco the charge is $2 40. Burlap
bags from San Francisco to New York
cost $1 60 a hundred pounds in loss than
carload lots; from New York to San Fran
cisco the cost is only $1. Pickled fish from
San Francisco to New York is $2 10: from
New York to San Francisco it is $1. Wine
to Chicago from California is $2 In less
than carload lots, while from Chicago to
California it is only $1 35.
And so It runs through all the necessi
ties and luxuries that are moved from
place to place in the ordinary commerce
of communities. In the hope of getting ;
some relief and changes on these rates, i
the association had one of its mem- I
bers go to Monterey to the last conven
tion of railroad men, but the facts and
figures and the request for more justice |
and loss rate were pigeonholed with a
calmness that was very discouraging to
the petitioners. When this lack of action
was reported to the association some of
the directors expressed the fear that to
give the figures to the public and show
how hard the discrimination falls on all
would only excite the ill-will of the rail
road people and cause the latter to make I
the burden even harder. This sentiment '
did not prevail, for the majority of the i
directors thought that their fellow-mem
bers should be made aware of the facts.
Hence, the table was prepared, and yes
terday over 700 copies, together with a
letter of explanation from the committee. I
were Pent out While some question the
wisdom of this action, it is safe to say
that all are of the opinion that the pub
licity of the discrimination will not be \
productive of any good, at least for some ,
time to come. It is generally understood !
among the directors of the association
that if the Southern Pacific Company
were the only line to be petitioned there
would be some ground for hope, but this ;
company is only a part of the great rail- ,
road combine, and the Eastern roads '
seem to have no interest in the welfare
of this State as against that of the East
ern States.
Claim the Deed Is Forged.
Clara Faithful, administratrix of the
estate of Sarah Worrall, Annie Elben,
Albert Worrall and Ellen Worrall, com
menced suit yesterday against John Wor
rall to have a deed to a piece of property
on the corner of Nineteenth and Coliing
wood streets set aside on the Ground of
fraud. The plaintiffs allege that the deed
by which Worrall claims title to the prop
erty is a forgery, and that he is only t - n .
titled to a one-third interest in the land
ittOYAL AND SELECT MASTEHS.
Grand Officers Elected aDd Installed
for the Current Year.
The Grand Council of Royal and Select
Masters met yesterday in thirty-eighth
annual assembly in the Masonic Temple
and after the transaction of business con
nected with that body the following offi
cers, having been elected, were installed
for the current year by Most Illustrious
Post Grand Master James Bester Ma*.
ritt, assisted by Most Illustrious Past
Grand Master William Abraham Davies:
Robert Ash. most Illustrious grand
master; August Wackerbarth. most illus
trious deputy grand master; Jacob H.
Neff, grand principal conductor of the
work; Franklin H. Day. grand treasurer;
Thomas H. Caswell, grand recorder;
Thomas Kyle, grand chaplain: William
B. Scarborough, grand captain of the
guard; John Gould Blsbee. grand conduc
tor of the council; William Hewson Da
vis, grand lecturer: A. H. Merritt. grand
steward: Samuel D. Mayer, grand organ
ist,' and Samuel Warburton, grand senti
nel.
The Grand Chapter of the Royal Arch
Masons of California will meet In the
Temple and remain in session two days.
In the Divorce Court
Kittle Martel commenced suit 3 r esterday
against --Ufred C. Martel, to compel him
to maintain her. She alleges that owlnsr
to the cruelty of her husband she was
forced to leave him. and that he has
since refused to contribute anything
toward her support.
Christopher Contreras has been granted
a divorce from Juana Contreras on the
ground of. desertion.
Judge Seawell yesterday refused to
grant Samuel A. Weils a divorce from
Alma M. Wells, on the ground of intem
perance, the plaintiff having, for the sec
ond time, failed to make out his case.
Charles Freeman Johnson has com*
menced suit for divorce against Esther V.
Johnson on the ground of cruelty.
Those Frenchy Busts —
Those sudden hips— come in Royal
Worcester Corsets at from $1, $1 50. $2 50,
$3 50 to $10 per pair. The lower priced
ones are fitted free just as carefully as
the more expensive ones.
Bear in mind that every pair of these
corsets have the full name. Royal Worces
ter, stamped on the inside band at tho
waist. Chester F. Wright's Corset Par
lors, 10 Geary street, corner Kearny, first
floor upstairs. •
Election Booth Contract.
At the meetinp of the Election Commis
sion yesterday the contract for the erec
tion of election booths for the charter
flection was awarded to W. J. Hughes
on his bid of $12 35 for each booth.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
We've opened a depart- I
merit for children's wear. |
Have succeeded so well in jj
our other departments that jg
we fee! quite sure of another S
success. Here's the way we ||
will 00 about it. Offer well I
2 made, neat fitting, long wear- 1
■ ing suits at low prices, and 1
refund every mother the 1
i amount of her purchase if 3
!j she or her boy is dissatisfied, jl
| The following are at opening |
i prices, which, however, will i
prevail the year round,
j Boys' Reofm Suits — sgej 4t012 ; made of |
•elected material in plain and fancy checks, clay 1
worsteds, and cheviots in brown*, blues and s
blacks $2.00 to $0.00 S
Boys' two-piece suits — coat and pants — ages H
9to 15; pi? in and fancy crocks, clay worsteds §
and chsviots, in browns, blues arri niacks. I
$j $2.00 to 80.00 I
Boys' odd pants, all ages and sizes,,
I different patterns and snades. .50c to $1.00 B
p Made-to-order suits for men and I
p youths.
f Men's furnishings and hats.
1 S. N. WOOD & CO., I
718 Market St., S. F.
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION,
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH O[ IP O
PERSIAN llljljO
With his last stock, before his departure to
Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT TTXRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M..
At 106-10S Gn..nt aye.. between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be Bold out resardless of
cost, a life-time chance to buy genuine goods
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
REGISTRATION OF VOTERS.
REGISTRATION FOR THE SPECIAI.
election to be held Thursday. May 26
18M (submitting the new charter to a vote of
the qualified electors), will commence at tha
office of the Registrar of Voters, in "The City
Hall," en April 2ii. IS3S, and continue thenca
till May 10, Inelui
The f. I lowing i>ersor.s are entitled to reg-
ister.
First -Ail persons not registered at the last
gencrai <>r special election, but who are en-
titled thereto.
Second -All persons who were registered, but
by moving out of their "Special Election Pre-
cinct" or otherwise have lost their right to
VOtP.
Third— All native male citizens not registered
and all male naturalized citizens (not regis-
tered) who have become such prior to Febru-
ary 26. 189S, and are otherwise qualified accord-
ing to law.
All qualified electors who were registered at
the last general or special election, and who
will have continued to reside within their re-
spective "Special Election Precincts" shall
be entitled to vote without additional reol»-
traticn.
Office open from 9 a. m. to 10 p. m.
By order of the Board of Election Commis-
sioners. "W. J. BIGGT,
Registrar of Voter*.OAKLAND
WILL FIGHT
THEIR SCHEME
Opposed to the Re
moval of the Pier
head Lines.
Water - Front Company
Finds a Most Aggres
sive Enemy.
Their Plan to Get Control of
State Property to Be
Contested.
MENACE TO THE HARBOR.
Her Water-Front Approaches May
B« Controlled by « Private
Corporation.
The petition of the Oakland Water
Front Company to the Secretary of War.
asking for the relocation and moving of
the pierhead lines in Oakland harbor,
brought about the first clash between
that corporation and the city of Oakland,
•which is violently opposed to the former"s
petition as was Bet forth In numberless
documents of legal verbiage, that were
read and filed yesterday at the meeting;
of the two opposing factions.
The meeting was held in the office of
Major Heuer, chief of l'nit--d States en
gineers, in the Flood building at 10 o'clock
sharp. Colonel Charies It. Suter, of the
corps of United States engineers, pre
sided, and the various documents submit
ted were read by Major C. K. G. B. I 'avis,
of the corps of United States engineers.
The city of Oakland was represented by
the Mayor, the Board of Trade and the
Merchants' Exchange, while the Attorney
General was present, as were also ihose
favorable consideration of
the petition by the Secretary of War.
The meeting was the result of the fol
lowing petition, which was liled in the of
fice of the corps of United States engi
neers February 4.
To the Hon. Russell A. Alger, Secretary of
War: We, the undersigned snip owners, cap- I
tains and masters, engaged in shipping upon j
the I'aelric Coast, and in the bay of San Fran
cisco, and in the harbor of Oakland, respect
fully represent that the interest of shipping
and commerce, present and prospective, re
quire that the pierhead lines In Oakland har
bor, in the State of California, be relocated
and moved— north line northward and the
south line southward — until said pierhead lines
shall Jail uiK)ii and become conlncident with
the limits of public ownership, and butt
against and Join lines of private ownership,
and so Insure to commerce the fullest possible
width to .said harbor by nature and public
ownership.
By the order of Brigadier Wilson this
petition was referred to Colonel Suter,
and he was instructed to have a public
bearing of it, at which any and all parties,
including J. E. Runcier, U. S. A., retired,
but now practicing law in San Francisco,
were to be present. The petition was
sigrr.ed by forty-three persons Interested
in the Water Front Company and the
shipping of Oakland harbor.
In Opposition to this petition there was
filed <.-.._■ from the Board of Trade of
Oakland, by its president, James R. Tay
lor. It, was as follows: ;
Whereas, A petition has been filed and Is
now pending before the Corps of Engineers, !
Eeeking to have moved landward pierhead lines
In Oakland harbor, as established about live
years ago by the Federal ■ . ■ eminent, the j
effect of which change would be to put new
pierhead lines and all wharves and landings
solely upon land claimed by the Oakland Water j
Front Company, leaving no free water front '
or landing place inder the control of the pub
lic, as Is now the case under the decision of
the Supreme Court of California as it now
stands;
Resolved, That this body views the proposed
change with great alarm as being against the
public interest, against the growth of Oakland
against the rights of the city and of the whole
public; and this body does strongly protest
againet any change of the pierhead lines, the
effect of which would be to limit the wharves,
docks, piers and landing dominion, now under
control of the city water front, and to take
them out of the hands of the public and put
them into the hands of individuals, or a private
corporation organized for profit.
And this body protests .tL-.iinst any change
of harbor lines, the effect of which would be
to diminish the area of the water front now
under the control of the public.
The petitionof the Merchants' Exchange
against the Oakland Water Front Com
pany's petition was similar to that of
the Board of Trad.-, with this addition:
That our representatives in Con
gress i.». an 1 they are herebj requested, to use
all honest meani to prevent the culmination of
this dlabolii al ;r- ,-,j c o f
this cli ■• of valuah!
The brief of thf> Attorney Ccn.r ' pre
pared and submitted in I jras a
lengthy one, and was to the effeel tha it
was both Inadvisable for the beat inter
ests of the city of Oakland, as well as In
consistent with the finding of the Su
preme Court of the State for the pier
head lines to be m ved.
One of the strongest and most forcible
petitions filed was the one of the city of
ficials nf Oakland. It set torth that the
changing <>f the pierhead lines would be
of great injury to the United States and
the State. To the United States in this
that if the pierhead lines, at which ships'
may now ue in 20 feet of water, is re
ceded to the shore line, which is bare >f
water at low tide, deep water for ships
must be made at the new line, necessarily
at the expense of the Government.
To retire pierhead lines Is to efface the
present harbor, which must be restored
hy dredging to tho depth of 20 feet. The
effect of the change would be not only to
water frontage to the owners of
bore line but to force the Govern
to make a harbor for their accom
modation.
It would take from the State a large
area devoted to the erection of wharves
•her advantages to commerce now
• the control and dominion of the
it would injure the city. In that
i" w uld shut up all avenues of com
mer< •■ i f the city by giving them to a pri
vate corporation, at whose mercy would
de "f the city and all tho water
front approaches. It would work injury
■ harbor, in thnt the tidal flow
would be sluggish and not sufficient to
this portion of tho estuary, If the
width is Increased. The petition further
sets forth that the pierhead linos have
■i ■'. onca by the Government
thai they have no right to change
without some good and sufficient
reason.
It Is said that the, Water Front Com- !
pany proposes to divide its property up
Into lots and dispose of them, and "it la
also insinuated that the- nave intimated
to tho Government their willingness to
give the Government certain water front
property if their petition is lavorably
considered.
The papers in the case will be forward
ed to the Secretary of War for his action
in the matter. There will be another
meeting of the two factions on Thursday i
morning, but it will be a private one I
PLANNING TO INCORPORATE.
The San Francisco Presbytery Con
siders a Proposition to Become
a Legal Body.
The San Francisco Presbytery met yes
terday and decided to notify its members
that the next regular meeting would be
devoted principally to perfecting plans I
for Incorporating the body into a legal
organization. The main object of such '
a plan is that the presbytery can hold
and dispose of some property that is now i
being held in its name and in disposing i
of It .i legal transfer can be made.
A communication was re*»i"frora Rev.
John Russell, who up to a few weeks ago
had charge of the Italian Mission of the
Presbyterian denomination that was con
SOME OF THE HORRORS OF WAR.
Sufferings Congress Seems Determined to Inflict Upon Certain Citizens.
OUR citizens, or those of them who
by nature or by cultivation have ac
quired a thirst that only the product
of barley and hops properly liquefied
can satisfy, are about to experience one
of the first horrors of war.
The price of beer Is going up.
Mr. Dingley and some more patriots at
Washington are engaged in formulating
a new tariff to meet the extraordinary
demands for revenue to prosecute the
coming conflict with the tamale manu
facturers, and with an utter disregard
for the sufferings of our own people they
have already agreed to increase the tax
on beer from $1 to $2 per barrel.
When this startling bit of Information
was fla-shtxl across the continent It wrung
large drops of amber colored anguish
from the hearts of thousands. The very
thought of the calamity about to befall
them created a thirst in every throat
magnificent in its proportions.
But the keenest sufferers were the
brewers. Before the news was twenty
four hours old notices were out tor a
ducted at Union Square Hall. At the last
meeting of the presbytery It was decided
i.i temporarily suspend the mission. Mr.
Russel In his letter t- » I <l of the hardships
ncountered while in charge of t!v>
school. He said be was twice obliged to
call the protection of the police to de
fend himself and property against at
tacks made by parties of rowdies that
were led to do him and his work mis
chief owing to religious prejudices.
The ministers deplored the fact that
they were obliged to close the mission
owing to the withdrawal of Mr. Russell I
to other fields of work, but promised that '
it would be opened again as soon as the
necessary arrangements could be made \
to conduct and Bupport It.
An overture to the General Assembly \
recommending that an amendment be
to the rules governing the church
giving the church session control of the
church property was adopted.
A GREEK LETTER BANQUET.
Phi Kappa Psi Alumni Joyously Ccl-
ebrate Easter.
Friday evening at the California Hotel
the San Francisco Alumni Association of
Phi Kappa Psi held its Easter banquet.
At the Stratford rtotel in Philadelphia
during the same hours the banquet of the
Grand Arch Council of the lraternny,
which has been in session there since
Wednesday, was in progress, and tele
grams of greeting were exchanged, W.
\V. Guth, Stanford '92, acted as toastmas
t.-r.
The speakers of the evning wore Judge
Stephen O. Xye, Allegheny '55; Deputy
State Controller Douglass. Kansa
T. \V. Nowlln, lowa 78; H. A. l'eazell.
Ohio '90, and Clayton Bennett, Bucknell
'89. After the set toasts speet a were
made by the others present. Amon those
present were: J.>hn B. Richard . 1 ii < ■ ri
igan '79; Percy H. Evans, Micl n 'H3;
George R. Weeks, Cornell 'S5; i T. F.
Dillon, Dickinson 78: Judge Ny. Alle
gheny 'of.; \V. H. iuayhew, Stanford '96;
W. W. Douglas, Kansas '84; B. F. Hall.
U. P. '87; W. I. Hawkins. U. of P. '86;
Clayton Bennettr Bucknell '89; W. W.
Guth, Stanford '92; T. W. Nowlih, lowa
■7v : i >r. F. G. Canney, T\ of P. '88: How
ard Trumbo. Stanford '91; A. W. Branch,
U. of I*. '84; H. A. leazell, Ohio '90; John
M. I,ewis. Stanford '<«2; W. A. Beasley,
U. of P. '86; Dr. A. B. McKee. U. of P.
■:. Rev. Dr. Bovard, De Pauw 78; Rev.
Dr. Covle, De Pauw '78, and Charles A.
Green, Stanford '00.
This prominent fraternity numbers
among its alumni such men as United
States Senator Foraker, ox-United States
Senator Mitchell, ox-Speaker of the
House Warren Kiefer, James Whitcomb
Biley, Hon. Carl Scnurx, ex-Secretary of
the Interior the late Charles Sumner,
"Bob" Burdette, John B. Gough. John G.
Wooley, Governor Lloyd Lowndes of
Maryland, besides several Congressmen,
Consuls and national educators.
GIANT SEAWEEDS HIS TOPIC.
Professor Setchell of Berkeley De
livers an Interesting Lecture on
the Subject.
Professor William A. Setcneu of Berke- |
ley entertained a large audience in the
Academy of Science lecture hall last ;
evening by describing the giant seaweeds j
that are found on our coast. His talk
on the subject opened the eyea of many
to the Interesting features that can be |
found in the weeds, and those who Ite
ti ned to him have had their curiosity
aroused to such an extent that many
will journey to the beach and look for
specimens of the kHps lie described.
ST.-roopticon views wore used to tIIUS- '
trate the professor's lecture, and he also !
had specimens of tho many varieties '
which were very much handled at the
conclusion of his remarks.
The Academy of Science series of lec
tures is becoming extremely popular. ]
Last nipht's attendance filled .every seat
In the lecture hall.
Mrs. Pbebs Hearst. Dr. A. C. Hart and
Thomas W. Wlnfield were elected to
id, mbershlp in the society.
A committee was appointed to draw tip
suitable resolutions in memory of Dr.
Stout, an old member who tiled some days
ago in St. Luke's Hospital.
On the Downward Path.
Charlea T. Llnehan was arrested yes
v on two charges of petty larceny
and booked at the City Prison. The com
plaining witness Is "William Hanna, 14
Octavia street, who alleges that Ltneban
stole from him two diamonds and pawned
thorn. He is also wanted in Healdstmrg
on a similar charge. Llnehan is th*
young man who became conspicuous in
■ •• I <uriu.nl case by testifying that
; Blanche l.nmont's rin^s resembled some
>i>> ha 1 pawned on the day that Durrant
pawned those of the murdered girl.
Ladles' tailor-made suits; latest designs; we
give credit M." Rothschild, 211 butter, r. 6 & 7.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
meeting of the Brewers' Protective Asso
ciation at their rooms in the Flood
building, and there for the past three
days the matter has been discussed In
all its bearings behind closed doors. The
first meeting was Held on Friday. Sec
retary Rudolph Mohr, whose breadth of
beam is somewhat in excess of his depth
of hold, was on picket duty to guard
against any attempt on the part of out
siders to invade the camp, and every
member took solemn oath on a brass
spigot and a hiing starter not to reveal
the proceeding". Then, after tossing off
the contents of a barrel of extra pale,
thoughtfully provided by one of their
number, the twenty members present got
down to discussing the proposed action.
That is as far as they have gut yet
Not that there is any difference of opin
ion ad to the main point— that of the
n.-e. ssity of Increasing the price of beer—
they are a unit on that, but each brewer
feels it his duty to denounce Mr. Ding
ley and his associates as enemies of this
groat republic, and tyrants beside whom
Wej It r is a humanitarian of the highest
order.
War is denounced at these daily meet
ings as unnecessary and uncalled for,
gloomy pictures are drawn of insolvent
HIE COOKS
OF KLAMATH.
Denial of Their Request
to Modify the Re
straining Order.
Judge Morrow Said That Force
of Arms Gave No
Rights.
They "Were Trespassers Upon tho
Sawmill Property and Must
Remain on tho Outsldo.
Vnlted States Circuit judge Morrow
yesterday rendered his decision in the
matter of the application of the KltTjaath
River Lumber and Improvement Com
pany to so modify the restraining order
heretofore issued against them as to .al
low the Klamath people to retake posses
sion of the property Including the mill
and railway now being held and operated
by the lc.-s es, the Pokegama Sugar Pine
Lumber Company. The court denied me
application in an oral decision, which
gave the attorneys making the applica
tion very little comfort.
The court gave a very clear resume of
the history of the case from the time the
sawmill property was leased from the
Cooks by Herv«y Lindley and his asso
ciates of the I'okegama Company. The
lessees had expended $75,000 and more in
extending the railway, repairing the mill
and In otherwise improving the property.
They had also made a cut of logs pre
paratory to beginning this season's work.
They were just ready to make their
spring drive and start the mill when
some capitalists came out from the East
and offered the Cooks a good figure for
the property for its purchase outright if
they could get immediate possession.
As the property was leased immediate
possession was out of the question, but
the Cooks went down one night with a
gang of armed men an- forcibly took
possession of the mill and the railroad
and forcibly drove out tho employes of
the Pokegama Company. The United
States Marshal thereafter proceeded to
the scene to Berve the restraining order
issued by the United States t'ircuit Court,
but he was resisted by the Cooks and
their employes, and it was only until after
0 large number of them had been arrest
ed for contempt of court that they allow
ed the law iii 'i take its course.
Judge Morrow dwelt particularly and
emphatically upon the fact that the
Klamath people had not denied the alle
gation that the reason for their having
forcibly taken possession of the property
was that they had a favorable opportu
nity to sell it, provided they could give
the purchasers immediate possession.
Judge Morrow held yesterday that the
Klamath people had gained no rights
whatever in that contention, because they
went in upon the property with a gang
of armed men, and that they therefore
could not acquire any possessory rights
whatever by means of violence and force
of arms. They were simply trespassers
on the property, and the court could not
give them possession under the circum
stances.
It is expected that Judge Morrow will
pass upon the contempt cases In a day
or two. ____^_____^__
The City Wins the Case.
Judge Dainperfield yesterday rendered
judgment In favor of the city and coun
ty in the suit brought by John M. Mc-
Kay and K. V. Dey, as trustees under
the will of the late Theresa Fair, to re
cover $28,445, paid as taxes under pro
test.
The "Koh-I-Noor" lead pencil will out
last three others. Try it. •
Mrs. Biadley Loses Her Suit.
Mrs. Elizabeth P. Bradley, who was
formerly employed as a teacher of free
hand drawing In the Polytechnic High
School, has lost her suit against the
Board of Education. The position occu
pied by her was recently declared vacant,
and she brought mandamus proceedings
grocerymep, deserted music halls and
empty "growlers." while many plans of
greater or less feasibility have been pre
sented for relieving the threatened dis
aster. It is slated that one plan, which
has received favorable consideration, em
braces a new process of brew, whereby
the succulent steam when drawn into the
generous schooner will dissolve Itself in
to one mass of airy foam, instead of
leaving an inch or so of liauid In the bot
tom of the glass as now. Then there are
others, but most of them have been dis
carded ;is Impracticable.
Already word has reached the saloon
men of the contemplated action of the
brewers, and great is the consternation
thereat. Some of them have already be
gun to substitute glasses of less dimen
sions than they formerly served, and in
a short time we may expect to see a
black line drawn through the familiar V
that ornaments the windows of most of
m:v corner emporiums, and underneath
the less alluring X. signifying the price
list fif the staple dispensed therein.
Meanwhile Congress Is going right
ahead making faces at the kid King and
bis subjects, without a thought of the
hardships its action is likely to work
on our thirsty subjects.
to compel the School Directors to rein
state her, claiming they did not have the
right to abolish the office. • Judge Hunt,
to whom the case was assigned for trial.
decided yesterday that' the Directors had
the right and power to abolish the office,
and accordingly dismissed the proceed
ings. ■;'•
SEVEN HOmiS A DAY NOW.
Federal Employes Must Work Sinty
Minutes Longer Than For
merly.
The edict har- grohe forth thnt hereafter
all employes of the Federal Government
will have to perform s rven hours' labor
for their i-siy. This docs not mer.n that
they can be in attendance at their re-
Bpectlve departments for this time, but
they must work. Secretary C. N. Bliss
of the Department of the Interior has so
ordered, and he must he obeyed. In the
past employes were in the habit of get
ting to work at a o'clock In the morning,
taking an hour for their noonday lunch
and .iiuitting at 4 o'clock, making- a day
of six hours. In the recent circular re
ceived by Surveyor-GeUeral Gleaves from
Secretary ISliss the latter calls attention
to the act of March 16 Of this year, which
em; hasises the fact that hereafter the
lie.-ids of all departments shall require
not less than seven hours' labor of their
employes, without additional compensa
tion.
The act also specifies that each em
ploye is entitled to at least thirty days'
vacation every year on full pay. While in
the p.ist it was understood that they
could gel .-i vacati ( about a month
s-np it was more a matter of discretion'
with the heads of the departments than
law. In some of the departments the en
forcement of the new law will be the
metros of getting from six to forty hours
a week more work out of the office forces
In a number of the Federal offices of this
city there is a disposition to get in the
extra, time before 4 o'clock In the day
so as to :,'et away early. This is accom
plished by starting in work a little aheac.
of time and taking less time for lunch.
LINDEN HAD TO APOLOGIZE.
Because a Reporter Tried to Catch a
Robber He Was Accused
of Robbery.
John Linden, 433 Jersey street, imbibed
too much liquor Sunday night, and while
wending his devious way home at an
early hour yesterday morning he was
knocked down and robbed of $20 and his
' watch and chain on Howard street near
! Seventh. A reporter saw the robber run
ning away and save chase, but was un
able to overtake him. He returned to
. where he had seen Linden and found him
lying in a doorway. He roused him un
and Linden accused him of being the rob
; her. The reporter indignantly denied the
! charge and felt so angry about it that he
compelled Linden to accompany him to
' the Southern police station, where lin
• den had to apologize.
St. Vincent de Paul.
The second general meeting of the year
of the Society of St. Vincent de Paul will
be held in St. Brendan's Hall on Sunday
afternoon next, when the returns and re
ports will be presented.
. ADVERTISEMENT'S.
809 Market Street, corner Fourth
SECOND FLOOR FLOOD BUILDING, RECEPTION ROOM-NO. 7.
Consultation— FREE.
\«\*V(^U 01/IflC A / «/' ' Our Specialty Crown and Bridge Work
V <P\V V\ A/ : J*tff'» ■ and Painless fcxtraction.
»W vv \\ / A/ '/% ' Tin Clicio is always ahead in Advanced Dental
<v v^\ if. AES^k^^JraC - *"0 : Bsicnce. No students employed.
<fi>O >^f%&' ■" <£»%,&&■ —^-* • ' For the next 30- days our prices will be: ■
V . -, Y»j ■ ' ?'-i''''/M'S? - ■ FULL SET OF TEETH for ...%\ 50 up
"PSS"' s/f'JZ.Ymr^ : y^->' GOLD CROWNS, 221 c 350 up
— — --T822/ '/■fW&S'ifflr-^ ' : -'-'"' ' URIDGE WORK, per tooth. 350 up
%x**£r\r\ Wy'-:''i'^-rjg^j TUIA SILVER FILLING 25c up
—We DO ■■■ T 'Sji-<s .-* At^.THIS GOLD FILLING 75c up
' A'/' v ''?p' '.Il\ ""^^ ' CLEANING TEETH 50c uj)
°4m' JpWV^ Y(?^^ A Physician Always in Attendance.
* '-' \> ¥ \ I Extracted SKILLED OPERATORS.
TFFTHI -A' M FILLED -» *•» lady attendant.
T*hTnWi\ W CROWNED - L.AUY Al ItINUAINI.
iLLlii^^J -■■$/ Bridgework PHONE DAVIS 654.
. "WITH CUT, PAIN. '  \ DR. E. STRONG. ,
Hours-9 a. m. to 10 p. m.; Sundays 9 to 2p. m. :
VIGILANT
DOES NOT
GO TO WAR
Variance Regarding
Price to Be Paid for
Oneof the Tugs.
Owners Declined to Sell
the Vessel for Less
Than $60,000.
Fearless and Active Go Into
the Service of the Gov
ernment.
RAPID-FIRE GUNS
TO HAVE
Armament Tor the Tugs Arrives
From Europe on the Cruiser
New Orleans.
The tug Vigilant has resumed duty with
the fleet of J. D. Spreckels & Bros. Com
pany. In the negotiations conducted by
John D. Spreckels, representing the com
pany owning the tugs, and Lieutenant R.
F. Lopez, i_. S. N., representing the com
mandant at Mare Island Navy-yard, there
was a misunderstanding regarding the
price to be paid for the Vigilant. Mr.
Lopez reported the price to be $55,000,
whereas Mr. Sprecke'^ fixed the h'tj
ure at $60,000. When it came time
to close the deal and surrender the prop
erty to the Government the variance was
noted. Mr. Spreckels declined to sell the
tug for less than $60,000, and the repre
sentatives of the navy declined to pay
more than $55,000, hence the sale was de
clared ; ft.
The tugs Fearless and Active have been
secured by the Government. There was
no question between the negotiating par
ties as to the price designated; hence the
bargain was closed. Plans for convert
ing the tu;;.s Into war vessels have been
('.rawii and submitted to the Navy Depart
ment for approval. As soon as the rec
ominem.atinns are approved at Washing
ton the union Iron Works will make the
necessary changes.
The cruiser Aniazonas, which was pur
chased abroad for the United States navy
and rechrtstened the New Orleans
brought over from Europe, In companj
with the cruiser Pan h'rx >'- ;^.". .•
number of Hotchklsa rapid-fire guns. It
Is understood that the Fearless and Act
ive will be supplied with quick-iiring six
pounders of the Hotchkiss type. The tug
Relief, belonging to the Sprecke'.s fleeet,
is now on duty in the Columbia River.
The owners do not see their way clear to
sell the tug. as towing contracts requir
ing the service of the Relief had been
made before the Government began to
look around for naval re-enforcement.
In the event of great emergency the
Government could exercise arbitrary au
thority and place the vessel in such "serv
ice as the Navy Department should indi
cate. An emergency of this character is
not likely to arise on the Pacific, but if
it should cfrne the owners of the Relief
would subordinate their private interests
to the public service.
AN ARTIST
OF ABILITY
A. V. Anderson Hopes for
Recognition of His
Efforts.
Has Recently Finished an Historical
Sketch Which Deserves
Prominence.
A. V. Anderson, living at 1343 Vallejo
street, has recently completed a painting
Sxl2 feet in size which proves him to be
an artist of considerable ability. The ar
tist started his work early last Novem
ber, and great care '.s shown in the entire
work, which represents the landing of
Swedes at Partys Point, Pennsylvania, in
1638. The idea was taken entirely from
readings of history.
In the foreground the travelers are
Biandlng with uncovered heads, relig
iously thanking the Supreme Being for a
safe voyage. Others are bartering- with
the Indians, and on a distant point two
half clad savages sand. seemingly won
dering at the vessels which lie at anchor
off the reef in the distance. All are
dressed in ancient garb worn by their
people at that date, and the entire work
of art has been produced true to nature.
In the center of the group a little child
stands clinging to his mother's skirts,
looking in a frightened mariner at the
savages near by. The ships which have
carried the travelers to their journey's
end are Hying the Swedish Hag, and a
boat with the last on board can be seen
coining in the distance. The foreground,
sky, water, light and shade blend in per
fect harmony.
As many artists before him. Anderson
is a poor m;!:i and is depending on this
last effort to bring him before the eyes
of the critical world, and he Is confident
of recognition.
The Lamp Exploded.
William Ahem, a painter living at 546
Fourth street, was working at a building
on Welch street, between Fifth and
Sixth, yesterday afternoon when the
gasoline '.amp used by him exploded and
his face and hands were burned. He was
taken to the Receiving Hospital, where
Dr. Bunnell attended to his injuries.
May Lose His Hand.
Joseph Harry, who was employed on a
ranch in San Benito County, went out
Bhooting Sunday and, in getting over a
wire fence, the rifle he was carrying acci
dentally exploded and the bullet went
through his right hand. He called at the
Receiving Hospital yesterday and Dr.
Wall fears that the hand will have to be
amputated. Barry's parenta live at 542
Joost street.
STREET GRADES OUT OF GEAR.
The Supervisors Held Blameless for
the Bad Condition of Affairs.
The grade on the crossing of Ashbury
and Seventeenth streets has given the
property owners, or such of them as hold
small lots, ouite a deal of trouble. The
running of Seventh street throufih the
summit of the hill toward the park and
ocean has been one of the long cherished
hopes of the owners of property In this
section. To accomplish this much de
sirable end considerable money has been
expended in cutting Seventeenth street at
the crown of the hill to a passable grade.
While this is being done Ashbury street
is left In its virgin condition without any
attempt being made to conform to grade.
There are two elements to be reconciled
before the desired improvements are
made, one of which is the smaller ho'a
ers who favor improvement, and the
other the larger holders who are opposed
to it on the ground of expense.
The former class have formed an im
provement club known as the "New Park
Lane Tract and Seventeen ..h-street Im
provement Club." The members of this
club have appeared before the Super
visors and presented its grievance. It
asked for street grades to be established
and proper sewers put down. The Super
visors accorded the committee a patient
hearing and have done everything in 'he
power of the board to improve the dis
trict and make it both healthful and de
sirable to the many residents. Therefore
the club feels indebted to the Supervisors
for whatever benefits have been accorded
to this section.
FENDERS ON CARS.
A. Lawrence's Grand Stand Play
Showing Jp Badly.
A. Lawrence's grandstand play In hav
ing H. E. Huntingdon of the Market
street Railway Company arrested for not
: providing rars with suitable fenders l.ida
': fair to develop Into a farce. The case
was called in Judge Conlan's court yes
terday afternoon. The defendant and
Manager Vinins were present and were
| represented by ex-Attorney-General Hart
I and Frank Kelly. Lawrence was con
spicuous by his absence, but he had At
; torneys T. J. Clunle, Bridgerord and Bert
i representing him.
J. L. Willcutt. secretary of the com-
I pany, was the only witness examined.
| Joseph Franklin, a motorman, wa.s then
| put on the stand, but the first question
put to him was objected to and an argu
ment followed that lasted till court ad
journed. The case will be continue;! Sat
, urday, when the point that the onlnance
; under which the arrest was made has
| been repealed by the ordinance of Febru
i ary 21 and therefore there is no case will
; be pressed and the case thrown out of
court.
An Inrulting Janitor in Jail.
William Mycroft, a janitor in a bulld
■ ing on Sutter street, was sent to the
i County Jail for three months by Judge
: Campbell yesterday on a charge of dis
turbing the Deaee. He had been insult-
Ing young ladk-s attending the Polytech
; nic High School on Bush and Stockton
' streets.
Lost His Overcoat.
During; the French banauet on March
20 a valuable overcoat belonging to J. B.
Minvlelle, 317 Sacramento street, was
stolen. It was recovered by Detective
Reynolds and Policeman Carr, and yes
terday they am-sted C. C. Phillips as the
thief and booked him at the City Prison.
. ADVEBTISEMSUTS.
[HO FOR RICHEST GOLD FIELDS
—IX—
ALASKA.
- Great Northern . Steamship Go.
Will Dispatch for
KOTZEBUE SOUNDS
The Fast Sailing Iron and Steel Ship
RUTH,
On or about June 1. IS9S. Will prbceed directly
without stopping at Intermediate points, and
arrive at Sounds as soon as any vessel leaving
earlier.
LARGEST AND STRONGEST SHIP IN THIS TRADE,
Fitted with social hall, smoking room, state
rooms, bath rooms, etc.
Fare, including 8000 pounds baggage and
PASSAGE UP KU-BUCK RIVER. $200.
EXCURSIONIST.
Round trip from San Francisco, with 500
pounds baggage, with privilege of stopping
I about SO days, S2'.O.
Best of Accommodation — Stanch and Safe.
j Close inspection invited.
Full information call or address
J. O. McCALL, General Agent,
16 MARKET STREET, one Block from Ferry.
San Francisco.
BARKENTINE LESLIE D
SAILS FOR
KOTZEBUE SOUND
Via Seattle
from Harrison-street wharf promptly on April
20. Freight received on Monday, April 18, till
date of sal line.
A few remaining berths may be secured at
office,
3<5 EAST STREET.
C. J. JORGENSEN, Owner.
COKE! COKE I COKE!
p. a. McDonald,
Wholesale Dealer in
Foreign and California Coke.
"YARD :
300 to 308 Howard Street,
Corner Bcale Street.
OFFICE— BI3 FOLSOM STREET.
MADE ME A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
. A. LXi Nervous Jtiara-ic» — Foilinc Mem-
ory, Im potency, Sloeplossnoss. etc., causod
by Abuts or otbor Krcessee and India-
cretions. T}te\t quickly and. surely
rostoio Lost Vitality in old or young, and
fit a mna for study, I) ;£ir..=s or marriage.
£« Prevent Insanity ant! Consumption if
mo. Their tiso shown i:n:ne«UaU» iuiprove-
| mont and effects a (!UHE wl-.cro oil other toil In-
sist upon haTing the ccnuiiio Aiax U'«ibi;ts. They
have cured thousands ami willcaroyoa. WodTsmpos-
itlro written Buar:intoo looCi 1 -. a euro IC(% f'Tt^ ■in
each or refund the inonrj-. i'rico Bvi par
package; or sis rkces (full troutraar.t) for $2.60. ■ By
mall. In plain tripper, upon re.-> -:->t ofrrii'o. Clrcnlur
-AJAX PFMpnV,CO.. •» !> t «^rb<>r« bt. r
For sale In Ban Francisco by l>'pnlti A Co.,
■M Butter. No-Ptrceutat* Fnaruiacy, M likt. "
000000000000000000
%T-"-?% T -"-? AGE *■"■?%
%GR AN D worgLso
q SAN FRANCISCO. 5?
I rrnrr.-;,-,; by :i v.v.-.t t.-.^airewaT. U
** 1400 Rooms. : 900 With Bath Attached. °
O All Uxnr.n One Maxage»ie.<t. O
O NOTE THE PRIC23: , O
q European Plan. *l. oo pcrdM.v.ini nnw.tr.l a
American Plan. S3. OO per day and upward v
O " CoTesr"->nil''Ti'->' MllrlfMl . O
!O. . JOHN C. KIESPATBICK, Maci^er. a
O O 00 0 O OOP OOP OOOOQ
It! ML i1 1 Jl l Xl ixL
HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples. Copper- 1
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers?
in Mouth, Hair-Fallln?; \Vri\o COOK ft KM- 9
EDY CO., 213 1 MASONIC - TEMPLE, . CHI- 1
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures.. Capital si
■ toOO.OUU. Worst casea cured In li to 36 days, n
BtoOO.OOO. Worst cases cured In la to 36 day*. B
IOD-pape book free.
 ,_, , ,
£4HEtfE9dBHBHiBiHHfIBHBHBfifeORi
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BEFORE
Others have failed you should consult the Eng-
lish and German Expert Specialists, 731 Mar-
ket street, and get an honest and reliable opin-
ion concerning your ailment. It Isn't hard to
convince reasonable sufferers that five skill-
ful physicians can do more for them than any
single physician with only one brain and one
man's experience and Intelligence. Come be-
fore others have failed and thus diminished
your chances of speedy relief.
MASTERS OF CHRONIC DISEASE.
Delay and indifference have been the cauM
of untold misery and suffering, and thousand*
of graves are filled each year by vicltms of this
unfortunate waiting.
It costs you nothing to consult thes« expert
specialists. You can talk with them as you
would to a dear friend, and you will be given
honest advice and courteous consideration.
Come before It Is too late.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Incorporated for $250,000.
731 market Street,
Hours, 8-5; Evenings, 7-8; Sundays, 9-11.
I THE SMITH PREMIER
TYPEWRITER.
r£{3?j\ Used Everywhere.
gep-rk» All Makes Rented.
llOlijIs!" Send for Catalogue
SSllSlla and Prices.
L & M. ALEXANDER & CO.,
110 Montgomery St., S. F.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
gty_ Steamers leave Broadway
IBSHBfcfc wharf, San Francisco:
HBBT^MMW For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
HThSiAjm April 1, 6. 11, 16, 21. 2t>, May 1.
MBfii3W S4S transfer at Seattle.
BXEbLjc<bSil ''" or Alaskan ports (from
J^^iSvXCVifA} Spear rtreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
April 8. 18, 23, May 3, transfer
■*■* at Portland. Or.
i For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma. Everett, Anacortes and
i New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. April 1, 6,
■ 11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver with
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
April 2. 8, 14. 20, 26. May 2. and every sixth
! day thereafter. . 
For Santa Cruz. Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
Gaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3. 7. 11. 15. 19. 23, 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For Pan Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. April 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21. 25, 29, May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Masdalena Bay. San Jose del
I Cabo Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
j lia and Guaymap (Mex.), 10 a. m., April 12.
and ?d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves the right to change
I without previous notice steamers. . sailing dates
< and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE — New Montgomery street
I (Palace Hotel).
GOODALI* PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Ast».,
10 Market street. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARE * 12 First Class Includinu BertH
I Kilt $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon April 18. 27
i Columbia April 21, 30
State of California: April 24. May 3
i Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
i Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
i plication to
B. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market at.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
fjßeagS9!Sgs The S.S. ALAMEDA
SfiSrasll, sails via Honolulu and
iS * Auckland for Sydnay
W *** , Wednesday, April 20,
>P/fWliDc) *S. S. ZHALANDIA.
C)IU5!ilj!li r ' v for HONOLULU only.
/rv,T.P.? n U~ Wednesday, May 4,
{glllpQlCfep 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
! Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
I TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents.,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnia Generate Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new) 42 .north J Tar
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <SiJi2>
\ by this line avoid both transit by •»» s a**»
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. *160;
i second class. $116.
LA GASCOGNE April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE May 7. 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 21, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
i COMPAGNIE GENERALE TKANSATLAN-
TIQUE. Agent, .
No. 3, Bowline Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.:
| DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURO.
! F. Bismarck. ..April A. Victoria.. '....June 19
A. Victoria...... May 19 jF. Bismarck.. ..June 30
F. Bismarck..... June 2 F. Bismarck — July 23
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $15 up. Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE. '
NEW YORK-HAMBURO DIRECT.
I Phoenicia ...May " Pretoria May 23
Pennsylvania... May 14 ■ Patria.... June 4
Palatia' May 21 ! Phoenicia June 11
Also S. S. Russia. April 30. 2 p. m.
Ist Cabin $75 up, 2d Cabin $10, Steerage $28.
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California St., cor. Sansome, San Francisco.
EMPIRE LINE.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
I Steamers Ohio, Pe:.-Bylvanla, Illinois, Indt-
': ana, HOC tonsr Conemaußh. :;ii,".' tons (formerly
In the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line). ■ . . • *
Appointed sailings from Seattle.
S. S. Ohio. June 15. S. F. Indiana. : June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvar 'a .Tune 19, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fl>-f of new and
1 modern, steamers and barges on the Yukon
! River, through to Dawson City and Interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATJO^CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer* "iMonticello"
I Hon., Tues.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m., • 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays '. 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:3* a. m. and S p. in.
i Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2. \
Telejlione. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA CFU2
, Steamer Alviso leaves tier i daily (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; - Alviso dally (Saturdays
I excepted) at 5 p. ,m. Freight and passengers.
: Fare between San. Francisco and Alviso. UO«j;
j to San Jose, 75c. Clay street," Pier 1. il Nortb
{ First street. Baa Jose. -;^l>
11CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO.
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
Elected December 27, 1897, In pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8. flrticle XI, of the Constitution of th«
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I— BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICL" II— LEGISLATIVE DEPAI V
ME NT.
Chapter I— The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter 111— Contracts.
ARTICLE III— FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxps.
r ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of Public
: '
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Mayor.
Chapter ll— Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV— Assessor.
Chapter V— Tax Collector.
Chaj ter VI — Coroner.
Chapter Vll— Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter ll— City Attorney.
Chapter 111— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter V— County Clerk.
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKB.
Chapter I-Board of Public Works.
chapter ll— lmprovement of Streets.
Chapter 111-Opening of Streets
Chapter j\ -Sewers and Drcinam
Chapter V— Harbors and Wharves.
ARTICLE VII PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
Education.
Hi-Powers of the Board of
Chapter JV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
Dy that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue md defend in all
courts and places and lr all matters
and proceedings; may have an 1 use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and onjoy real ->nd persona] property;
receive bequests, sifts and donations of
nil kinds of property, :n fee s-i:nple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts .-.ecessary to
carry out th-> purposes of i.uch gifts,
bequests and donations, vith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Sec. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code nf California.
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
property, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municip. \ty and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover; of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equiti", or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights of, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
Whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City andCountyis a party,
shall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recourse shall be. had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
Ftreet, avenue, lane, alley, court or
place, or by reason of the defective
condition of any Bewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
paid defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
fane, alley, court or place or by want
of repair of any sewer; ror shnll there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damoge to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect In the
eldewftiJf. Ftreet or public highway, or
in th.> sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
pc'xirn such defect remains unrepaired
Fhall be jointly and severally liable to
tho party injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of' Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co shall be vested in a legislative body,
which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE Vll-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouses and Lots.
Chapter VH— Public Library and Read
ing-raoms.
ARTICLE VIII - POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter li l— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
: and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
i Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IX— FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chief Engineer.
Chapter IV— Fire Companies.
Chapter V — Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF j
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sloners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB- I
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII— CIML SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
' Supervisors. Such body is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Supervisors.
sec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
shall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Ea. h one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
, t\vel\ ■ hunJred doll -s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Beard shall constitute a quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
; of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
I prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
: and, when authorized to do so by ordi
i nance, such additional clerks and other
j assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish It3mem
! bers for disorderly or contemptuous
; behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
j ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
: Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
, as other members.
Sec. 6. The B* ard shall meet on
; Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal h jlMay, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, except in case of great neces
; sity or emergency. The meetings of
j the Board shall be public
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so, shall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such BeVvices as may be pre
scribed by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
: records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
; Bary to all leases, grants and convey
! ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be it or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill si all become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
; names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
; Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to itp title but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at length as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
j but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
! shall be void only as to so much there
i of as is not expressed In its title.
J Sec. 12. "When a bill is put upon Its
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
final passage in the Board md fails t
pass, and a motion is made to recon
Bider, the vote upon such motion sha
not be acted upon before the expira
tlon of twenty-four hours after ad
Journment. No bill for the grant o
any franchise shall be put upon it
final passage within ninety days afte
its introduction, and no franchise sha
be renewed before one year prior to it
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for on
week beforo its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement
or the granting of any franchise o
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of publi
property or the expenditure of publi
money, except sums less than two
h ndred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised fnr a like
period before final action thereon. But
In cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to "exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
Bity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign-
Ing it a statement of the item or item*
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or Items so ob
jected to shnll not tnke effect unless
passed notwithstariding the Mayor's
objection. Etch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after Its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill and every resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving it. If he approve
It he shall sij?n it and it shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
It he shall specify his objections there
to In writing:. If he does not return
it with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall take ef
fect as If he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
nt large in the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be agrain passed by the affirmative voto
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, and when so certified, the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the bill or resolution challfail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board it shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall bo taken by ayes and noes and
the names of the members votinc for
and atrainst the same shall be entered
In the Journal.
See. 17. All ordinances nnd resolu
tions hall be deposited with the Clerk
of tlii Bnard who sbnM rer-ord the same
at !"n:rih in a suitab'e book.
. Sec. IS. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except by ordinance adopted in
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before nrovirVd.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable out of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by the Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollars shall be presented to the
M-'vor for :s approval, in the manner
hereinbefore nrovide" for tb-> nr.ssajare
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing the payment of mon°y other
than salaries or wacres, when the
amount exceeds five hundred dollars,
shall be published for five successive
days (Sundays and lepal holidays ex
cerpted) in the official rieTvcnqper.
Sec. 20. T- ,ie . r there shall be pre
! sented to he '^oard of Election Com
j missioners a retition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi'ten p#>r
i centum of the votes cast at the last
\ preceding State or City ard County
' election, asking that an ordinance to be
set forth in such prMtlon, *ie sub- ..ted
to a vote of th electors c." h? City -mi
County, the Board rf Election "Com
| missioners must submit such proposed
| ordinance to 1".,e vote of the elci 16* rt
; the next electirn.
The Fieri turcs to the petition no.-d
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his slenatu— '
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall ike oath be
fore an officer competent 'o adm<n ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made are true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuln"
signature rt the person whose name
purports to be thereto subsr-rioeri.
The tickets used in such election
shall contain the words "FOR TTTK
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) ?nd
"AOATNST TI7E OJIUXNANCV" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes erst v Tn
Buch o: Ilnai -<* sLall be in fa 'or of the
adoption there< *. the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
r'aim such fa**': nd upon such prcrln
mation such ordinance shall have tho
samp force and effVot as an ordinan- i
passed by the Supervisors and .ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by tho Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may subr't
a proposition for .the repeal "of such
ordinance, or for amendments thereto,
for vuta at any succeeding election: and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes -;ast
thereon at such flection, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. 21. Except as otherwise pro
vided in tha Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided In this Char
ter, every oriinar c In solving the
granting by the City and County of
any franc 1 - ■«*» for tiie supply of light
or water, or for the lease r sale of any
publicutllity, or for thopurchasenf land
of more than fifty thousand dollars tn
value must be submitted to the v> t e
of the elect s of th City and County
at the election next ensu'ng after the
adontlon of ruch oruinance.
The tickets . used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating t.!e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AGAINST Th^ ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature o. the praposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be In favor of the
adoption thereof, the Board of Ele i m
Commissioners shall, within thir' r
days fro: 1 V - time iof Such ."lection,
proclaim: such fact: : and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
th-> ' same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of "any public /utility or purchase of
land shall : be oi any force or effect ex
cept It r» T nad'»*by. ordinance, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in th's section provided. ' \ ■:■.... '
Sec. ;• 22. "Whoever there shall be
presented to the Supervisors, a petition
sign d by .-.number of voters equal
fifteen per centum of the ■ votes cas 1 " at
the last Drecedlnir State !or ; municipal
election, asking that' an amendment or
arnendmc . _ t this Charter, to be set
out in such petition, be submits: to
I tlw people, the Board must submit to
j the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
| amendments.
: The signatures to the petition need
I not all be appended to one paper. Each
I signer shall add to his signature his
I place of residence, giving the street
| and number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
rcrr an oi ~ e r competent to administer
J oaths that the statements made therein
are true .and that each signature to
such paper appende' Is the gen- j<o
signature of the person whose name
purports to be there'o subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it. and shall
canvass the vote In the same manner
as in other e.~s i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro
posed amendment or amendments. But
it at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amenaed.
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by But
any time there shall be no consti
nal provision or provisions under
h this Charter may be amenued,
the aforesaid amendment or
laments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc 'he
vote of the electors of the City and
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
supervisors, if any such flection is not
to be held within' sixty days after the
nllnsr of such petition.
Ihe tickets used at such election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
°* the proposed amendment) and
AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
! (stating the nature of the proposed
I amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
ue in favor of the adoption -"hereof.
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the. time
of such elc-t:on, proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accor" !giy
CHAPTEB 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions in
this Charter r -tamed. the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee spary local, police, sani
tary and ode: laws an i regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose, the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such res.ric
tions as not to interfere with the uso of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower rtreet railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit « impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden buf igs or structures ".hall
not be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same -vithln such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement rv
summary removal of any nuinr.nce and
to condemn md to prevent the occu
pancy or unsafe structures.
" To regulate the use of hackneycar
riages and public passenger vehicles,
ai d to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
se lal baggt ge.
8. To provide a public pound and to
make all nect y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
struction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
n>rgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and person charged
with insanity, separate and ~rart from
places where c: 'finals or persons ac
cused of public offenses are Imprisoned.
11. To establish, mcintaln - \<l regu
late, ami charge, discontinue and
re-establish City and County Jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
needed for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and Cmnty, and for flush
ing the sowers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use ct \ ater, heat.
licrht or power, supplied to the City and
County, or t"> the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes nnd to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be Imposed upon
any person who, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, soils
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in tMs C"
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars ot six
months' imprisopment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
IS. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars In any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasuryfrom fines col
lected on eonvic on of persons charered
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some J
part tiioreof co any society that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the Interpreters ap- I
pointed by the Judges of the Superior I
C urt, to Interpret testimony in crim
inal cases In said Court or the Police
Court, or upon Inquests and examlna- |
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each Interpreter.
21. To oTer rewards not exceeding !
one thousand dollars In any one in-
Btan.ce for the apprehension and eonvic- I
tion of any person who may have "om- !
mitted a felony ir. the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof.
22. To provide In the annual tax ''
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and 'ewerage. j
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or-perv- .
Ice required of all laborers in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation; provided that eight
hours shall be the maximum hours of
labor in any cale dar day. and that ti. |
I minimum wages of laborers shall be
I two dollars a day.
1 25. To set apart as a boulevard or
: boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
there is no existing franchise for any
street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
j struction of tunnels, under such rules
j and regulations as the Board may pre
[ scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners
of two or more of such roads using the
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id in operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
Its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep in repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the
Supervisors, and that such company
shall allow any other railroad company
to use in common with it the same
track or tracks, each paying an equal
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -ro convey lands In accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expedite the settle
ment of land titles in the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
nil trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant, and un
used lots of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
S3. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the u~e of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of judg
ment and costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no j
voucher:
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by \-irtue_ of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board 'of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of three to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee, j
The Committee shall investigate the ;
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having :
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol- I
vency of the sureties thereon, and re- j
port "in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond j
with the sureties, and the amounts for j
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they ar? sufficient and j
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nee- i
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nee- !
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have like power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of ac ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis- j
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
against such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervioors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application betng mr.de to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
by resolution determine whether such
franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided in this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
cause notice of such application and
resolution to be advertised in the offi
cial newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
before any further action is taken by
the Board on such application. The ad
vertisement must state the character
of the franchise sought, the term of
its proposed continuance, and the
route to be traversed; that sealed bids
will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise
ment; and a further statement that
no bids will be received of a stated
amount, but that all bids must be for
the payment to the City "and County
In lawful money of the United States
of a stated percentage of the gross
annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
Every bidder shall file with his bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
sureties to be approved by the Mayor
| in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
j pervisors, and set forth in such ad- '■
i vertisement, conditioned that such bid- I
i der will well and truly observe, fulfill '
I and perform each and all of the condi
tions terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application i
was made in case the same shall be j
awarded to him. and that in case of !
the breach of any of the conditions of 1
such bond, the whole amount of the l
penal sum therein named shail be taken '
< to be liquidated damages, and that as I
such shall be recoverable from the I
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such j
advertisement up to which such bids !
will be received, the Board must open
such bids i nd award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
rrom the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment .of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shali be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise {'hall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as in this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must h~ in accordance win the prov's
10ns of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Public Works, so
hi as JL uch Provisions may be applica
nt v ; Supervisors May reject any
ana ail bids, and miy refuse to grant a !
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. ~V cry
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrenceof three-fourthsof
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance It i
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition in addition to the conditions re-
Quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con-
L U ?, n Ithat1 that the who] e of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply wjth any of
said conditions shall work an immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the :
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as it may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranted, and that the Board shall
at all times have tho power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and in payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high- I
May of the City and County except up- !
on all the conditions and in the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay- '
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to '
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad .ranchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance uthorizing such lease shall !
be passed prior to ninety days next pre- j
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis- j
ions of this section shall be in force I
from and after the expiration of thirty !
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty days from the date of
Its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors,
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec- I
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon it shall have no
force or effect for any purpose. If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon,
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter ,
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six
months after the occurrence from
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
' CHAPTER 111.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist- j
ence or printing for the City and Coun
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, public Insti
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this
Charter, must be made by the Supervis
ors with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for I
not less than ter days in the official |
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drucrs, subsistence and
o.her necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
I year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions in this Charter provided
i as to competitive bidding for supplies
are strictly followed, and no contract
shall be made for any of the same un
less upon; such competitive bidding.
All proposals shall be accompanied
•with a certificate of deposit or certified-,
check on a solvent bank in the City P
and County of ten per centum on the
| amount of the bid, payable at sight to
the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
ors. If the bidder to whom the con
tract is awarded shall for five Cays af
ter such award fail or neglect to enter
into the contract and file the required
! bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
due on such certificate of deposit or
check and pay the same Into the treas
ury; and under no circumstances shall
the certificate of deposit or check or
the proceeds thereof be returned to
such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general. and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
be found in the office of the Clerk of
the Board of Supervisors; and shall
also state that such articles are to be
delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bido>r
may bid separately for any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bin
embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
any one or more articles embraced
therein. In the case of contracts for
subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
article required, the quality thereof,
the quantity for each person, and tha
existing and probable number of per
sons to be supplied. No article or ar
ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. Tha
Supervisors shall require bonds with
sufficient sureties for the faithful per
formance of every contract. The ClerK
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con- |
tracts and bonds. '
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in the
advertisement for proposals. In " the
presence of all bidders who attend, and
the bidders may inspect the bids. Al!
[ bids with alterations or erasures
therein shall be rejected. All articles
so supplied shall be subject to inspec
tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person in char— of the of
fice, institution or department for
which the same are supplied. Every
contract for work to he performed for
the City and County must provide that
in the performance of the contract
eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
and that the minimum wages of labor
ers employed by the contractor In the
execution "of his contract shall be two
dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
visions of this section shall bo null and
void, and any officer who shall sign the
same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually in like
manner by the Supervisors to the low
est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
ty which has a bona fide daily circula
tion of at least eight thousand copies,
and has been in existence at the time
of letting such contract for at least
two years. Tn inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall rot be clas
sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
ing at different rates for different por
tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
to mean the advertising and publica
tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
nances, messages, resolutions, notice*
Inviting proposals and nil notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
part" or kind of such advertising shall
be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
the same is charged or contracted for.
except in the case of the delinquent tax
list. .
The newspaper to -which th? award
of such advertising is made shall be
known and designated as the "official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Snnerv««ir»r«».
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
shall annually, under th~ direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and oT'cps of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blanl; books and the printing of blanks.
The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho*e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity, to
be delivered at such times and in such
manner as the Supervisors may desig
nate. The advertisement for bids for
paper shall state the weight, quality
and size of the various kinds required,
and that for printing shall enumerate
the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
papers and documents now used or
hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
cluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
conEf""iti\ely numbered, and each form
and blank shall be known as No.
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed or manu
factured, as the same may be required
from time to time during such period,
and the amount cf the bond that will ba
required as security for the perform
ance of the contract.
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
partment or board. The contract or
contracts must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
quantity and quality being considered.
The Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
rooms in the City Hall for the custody
of such stationery, and when purchased
the same shall be delivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re
quired.
He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himsel! with all goods re
ceived, and crediting himself with the
goods delivered uppn order or requisi
tion as hereinafter provided. When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall Issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The Clerk
shall report monthly in writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer. . ~:i <;"■■■
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any department thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish labor, ma
terial or supplies, at a higher price or
rate than that proposed Vy any other
bidder, or v " • 3h all favor on? bidder
over another, by giving or withholding
information, or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to that called for by the contract, or
who shall knowi.igly certify to a great
er amount of labor performed than has
been actually performed, or to tie re
ceipt of a greater amo .nt or different
12kinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deen*-ed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
l d from offi< c.
Sec. 5. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con
3 is must be countersigned by the
■ : k of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him ■: to p< rfonn the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein in
the first Instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reje< 1 all bids and caus»
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made tor a longer period
than or.c year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electric li^ht or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minimum price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment usinsr or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE 111.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying cf Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April In each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
in writing of the amount of ex
% nditutf Ing in detail the ob
thereof, required in their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
tes of these estimates shall be
■ ■ same time to the Auditor.
n. On or 1> fore the firs: Monday
of May In each year the Auditor shall
transmit to '.he Supen Isors an estimate
of thi xpenditures of the
City •>' gov< rnment for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
et the interest
and II outstanding
bts, and the w ants of all the
■ of the municipal govern
• In detail, and showing specifically
- ry to be apportion
ed to each fui >ury; also
an estimate of the amount of i:
- and other bou
if taxes upon
mount re
quired to be lev;, d and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. 3. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
v>y the expenses of conducting the
public business of the Cit- and County
for the next ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared in such de
tail as to the assrregate fum and the
Items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall deem advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
buoget. the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient "me or times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
hoard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
bo appointed for such hearing
»< Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may,
Sec. 4. Any Item in snH budget may,
within ten days, be vetoed In whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such veto. Action thereon
must be taken before the last Monday
of June.
After the final estimate is made in
accordance herewith, it shall be signed
by the Mayor and the v^lerk of the Su
pervisors, and V. several sums shall
then be appropriated for the ensuing
fiscal year to the several purposes and
departments thereon name- 1 . The esti
mate shall be filed in the office of the
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law,
nnd collected by tax, the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
7. No warrant shall be drawn
* upon an unexhausted specific
l
8. The Puper-'^ors raav appro
thirty-six thousand dollar? ' a
for urgent nee^cctf-f's not other
■;.!■•-- "nv.-. Xo money
phall V>e paid out of this appropriation
ithorized by a fiv»-slxths vote
of all the • ■ ■ ■■ of th" TV.nrd of
visors and approved by the
Sec. 9. Tt shall not be lawful for the
■visors, or for any board, depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, nutb< rize or contract liabili
ties ngain=t the treasury, to incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in the present or future, in
nny one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
rnnde or Incurred un to the time In
such month of making or Incurring the
Fame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
"When any board, department or offi
cer having -nower to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any
agreement for obtaining supplies or
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
Buch agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Puoh depart
ment, board or officer must Inform the
person with whom It is proposed to
make such n~reement of the amount of
money available or likely t-n »«; avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at. the beginning of any month.
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which might lawfully
have be'-n expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except In payment of
claims lawfully Incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
th" support and maintenance of the
Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments; and for urgent necessities.
Fhall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Pec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding or of any force
unless the Auditor shall Indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied as herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa the estimated expense of
executing such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished, Involving
the expenditure r ' ]'*r? < v ~r, '■•••■ »-••■-.
dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
Is required by law to be done by con
tract at public letting. The Aud
itor shall make such Indorse
ment unon every such contract so
presented to him, If there remains un
fi.nriii«<i and unexpended such amount I
so specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain such sum to pay the expense In
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de
partment.
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
for City and County purposes required
to be levied upon all property not ex
empt from taxation. The amount shall
be sufficient to provide for the payment
during the fiscal year of all demands
upon the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tax and the tax to pay
the Interest and maintain the sinking
funds of the bonded indebtedness of the
City and County, and exclusive of the
tax to pay for the maintenance and
improvement of the parks, squares and
public grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
of the property assessed. The Super
visors In making the levy shall appor
tion the taxes to the several funds.
Sec. 12. In making the apportion
ment, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the Income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the h/mded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation In section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any^
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be entered in the Journal of the
Board.
Nothing in this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
Into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
rr.lt liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenues and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
County is liable.
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are in the several interest
and sinking funds, in the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund, the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, In the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and In such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER 11.
The Several Funds.
SECTION* 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
for by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue "f the tux provided for
in this Charter for the malntenun'-«\
preservation and improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County: of all
moneys accruing from rent? of build
ings under the jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioi.ers; and of all moneys com
ing Into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and Im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. S. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valid demands. Indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds Incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County. .
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with ths Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by law.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
In this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal yea.- in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund, the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund, Police Relief and Pension
Fund, and the Public liuildlng Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
♦reasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY ANT> COUNTY OF SA^ FRAKCISCO.
I
I money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
i shall be paid out of such dci. .quent
i revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
; ury a sum not less than twenty thou
! sand dollars which may be applied to
! the redemption of any outstanding
i bonds to which such fund .s applicable,
j which are not leueemable before their
! maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
! vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
i posals for the surrender and redemp
| tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
, in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
I thereof as may be required therefor,
! shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER 111.
The Custody of Public Moneys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performanca of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited in the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. No officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law. for any work or
Bervice performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
See. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must be paid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver tho same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed and the name and
official designation of th- person by
whom the service was performed; and
Hko entries shall br> made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall he kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "T'napportioned Pee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Pec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
tirrr* to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
ape, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must bo
hound Into books containing: not les.-*
than one hundred such receipts, ami
number.^ consecutively, beginning
with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding in
number with receipt TVhen the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn th' 1 stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer, in whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Pec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided Is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the. name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing: the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. T. "v\'h r r-n any receipt Is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt Is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the
service. At th" same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him duriner
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in" his hands, unused
or not Issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day of each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts Issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
If required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by peetk.-ns eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion surh moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law. and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tloned Fee Fund" the amounts bo certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer -who Is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the Auditor a
statement showing each process served,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be
verified" by the oath of such officer. The
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the
"Unapportionod Fee Fund." No extra
mileage shall be charged or allowed for
service of two or more processes served
on the same trip by the same deputy
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appoi-
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thorized to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and In pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed In performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportloned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by tho Auditor without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements ur>on the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the In
debtedness was Incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 5. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand Bhall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
name can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter IT of this Arti> le, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with the
collection, management or disburse
m< it of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
Specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days . fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
Interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A ropy of such account In any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
dltor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may In any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
],.<s,. generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEit IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if it be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
examination of the facts, re
solve that the same Is In all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not In
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; In which case they may by or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered Invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of wHich sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ARTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and hokl n fflr»
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollaia.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
public bfflcers and the manner in
which they execute their duties and
fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
that the books and records of all de
partments, boards, officers and persons
are kept in legal and proper form.
When any official defalcation or will
ful neglect of duty or official miscon
duct shall come to his knowledge, he
shail suspend the delinquent officer or
person from office pending an official in
vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures a3 he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of the State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
He shall have a general supervision
over all the departments and public
institutions of the City and County,
and see that they are honestly, eco
nomically and lawfully conducted, and
shall have the right to attend the meet
ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the .po
lice force. If such police force is in
sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov
ernor for military aid In the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
fully performed. It shall be the duty
of every officer and person in the em
ploy or service of the City and County,
when it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or Is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and Information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
reporting such facts and information
that he has done so, and such certifi
cate shall be evidence in exoneration
from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayo# must institute such ac
tions or proceedings as may be neces
sary to revoke, cancel or annul all fran
chises that may have been granted by
the City ahd County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
Attorney on demand of the Mayor
must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall have power to post
pone final action on any franchise that
may bo passed by the Supervisors until
such proposed franchise shall be rati
fied or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Per. 4. The Mayor rhall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other
wise specially provided for In this
Charter or by law. When a vacancy
occurs in any office, and provision is
not otherwise made in this Charter or
by law for filling: the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
th.- remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of th» Roard and shall commu
nicate to them in writing; the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor Is temporarily unable to ppr
fnrm his duties, a member of theP.rrard
shall be chosen President pro tt j mpore,
who shall act as such Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs in the office of Mayor,
It shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTEB iX
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon It. He shall be In
personal attendance at his oTice dally
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
In his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give Information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
hlm, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person in any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor in favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports In the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of sue *i
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon It the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of -which It is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow my demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER 111. T|l£
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall he a Treas- j
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
fcave been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
ofllce for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa- ,
tien for all his services. He may ap- |
point a chief deputy who shall receive i
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and j
one clerk who shall receive an annual j
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive !
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the ,
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en- j
ter in the proper book the exact amount ;
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shall make and file with the j
Mayor and publish quarterly in the ofli-
Cial newspaper a statement of the con- |
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of j
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no cas«; pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. Ho shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day j
during office hours. No fees of any |
kind shall be retained by him, but the I
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the mones'B of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge I
of one combination and the Auditor of j
the other. The Auditor shall be joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all i
funds in the joint custody safe; but I
shall have no control over them except |
to open and close the safe in conjunc- i
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody bock, showing the amount and
description of all funds In the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
mako the proper entry in the Joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor '- unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the Joint custody safe and
kept in another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced daily at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money Into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two recelnts for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into *vhnt fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money Into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon it? face the date of its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify ench
several item, date and amount compos
ing it. and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same; but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
its face appears not to have been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Even*- lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money in the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of pur-h de
mand, and on ""■'•ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "CanoeWV
therein, and th» proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered In a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each de
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provisions of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
i five years next preceding such time. He
i shall be elected by the people and hold
j office for four years. He shall receive
: an annual salary of four thousand dol
| lars, which shall be in full compensa
} tion for all his services. He may ap
; point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun-
I dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
i ceive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
j who shall each receive an annual sal-
I ary of eighteen hundred dollars; twen-
I ty-one clerks who shall each receive
!an annual salary of twelve hundred
dollars; and during four months of the
I year not more than one hundred clerks
who shall each be paid at the rate of
not more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general lawa of th»
State,
CHAPTEB V.
The Tax Collector ' f
SECTION 1. There shall b© a Tat
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may appoint
one chief deputy, who shall receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars, and extra clerks who
shall each be paid at the rate of not
more than one hundred dollars a
month during the time of their em
ployment, but the total amount of
payment for such extra clerks shall
not exceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any time
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
ied upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon the
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to lav.-, or this Charter. He
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously "paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due \ipnn th«
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers In serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed In the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such* person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may be
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 6. The Auditor shall from time
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying In the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect the
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid I to the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County, who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chl f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual alary of twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars; a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollara.
CHAPTER VII
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. He shall be
elected by the pc ;ple and hoid office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six nundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensator at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Sec. 2. The Recorder shall take Intohis custody an 3 safely keep all books,
records, mays and papers deposited In
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such b^ok. record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When cny papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties Fhall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pau^ for recording the
came, and shaa number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform nil
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an- County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions anu proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
. inations before Coroner's juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers .n the
Criminal Dep. rtments of the Superior
Court shall ea-h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services Including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER IL
The City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and v..0 shall reclve an an
nual salary of live thousand dullars.
He shall be elected by the people and
Bhall hold of:ice for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualified to practice in all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been bo qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing live years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha.. devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his oflice.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
ticrns at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th,e City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceedin - exists in favor of the
City and County, he Bhall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when reqursted so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in their separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- ai.d County. He
Bhall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b - the Mayor and Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and registry- of all actions or proceed
ings In his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Sec. 4. He : hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law book? and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County", to his successor in office,
who shall <»Ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he Bhall file
with the Auditor.
Bee. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants, the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars: the second
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars: the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
■who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of Police
for the purpose of doing the detective
•work necessary In preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
•who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the "chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, he qualified to practice In
all the courts of this State, and must
have been «=<-> qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him.
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for . t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The District Attorney shall i
have all the powers conferred, and |
shall discharge all the duties Imposed |
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State, !
and In addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Court of the City and
County. He F'iall draw all complaints
and warrants in paid Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines. penalties, and forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County: deliver I
receipts for money or property received i
In his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with ti s Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized !
statement under oath showing all
moneys received hv him in his official
capacity durlr- the preceding three
months: keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him.
and of the proceeding's therein; and
give, when required, without fee. ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner, upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him In the
discharge of his official duties, three of
whom shall act as prosecutors In the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six hundred
dollars, and four of whom shall net as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
c«lnry of twenty-four hundred dollars.
"When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys In th" Police Court are
not actually engaged in work connected
with prosecutions therein, they shall be
at the call of the District Attorney for
any service connected with his depart
ment. The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be epi all fled to
practice In all the courts of this State,
and must have been so qualified for at
least two years next preceding his ap
pointment. The District Attorney may
also appoint one chief clerk, who shall
[ receive an annual salary of eighteen
I lr^-.dred dollars; one assistant clerk,
! who shall receive an annual salary of
! twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
ographer and typewriter who shall re
. ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
j dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may. In
the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
sales under judgments for the recovery
of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as In this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and In addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
In his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing such copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies nf any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, In
his custody.
CHAPTER VL
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
elected by the people, and he shall hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of eight thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
insane persons to- the State asylums for
the insane. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upo-n, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
1 dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
; hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
; Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
I ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
J ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
! and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
i sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
' Two. six hundred dollars; one Matron
[ at Branch Jail Number Three, nine
i hundred dollars: six Guards at Branch
! Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
I jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
services to be performed by hlj depu
ties.
CHAPTER VII.
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIIL
The Police Court.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City aond
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been so qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time t as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Charter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of office in two years and two of
them in four years.
They shall choose from their numbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
preside in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regularly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of the Judges shall be
equally effectual as if all the Judges
had presided at such session.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
. First— Exclusive Jurisdiction of all
proeecutions for the violation of or
dinances of the Board of Supervisors
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction With
the Superior Court of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed In the City and
County.
Third— Raid Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers in
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHABTEB £G£, TKL .CITY A"N T D COUKTY OE SA^ FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings In said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine Imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taker-
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not he deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on anpeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed statement.
Third — Any person who shall solicit
or importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth— A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant In custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the* City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may bfcome liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
and Bond Clerk who is not at the time
Of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and Bond Clerk shall kep his
ofPce open continuously night and day
tor the transaction of business: shall
dra'Vf complaints in actions In the Po
lice Court, and approve tho same with
his written signature; shall have the
custody of all bail bonds and appeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every ball
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I, Warrant and Bond
Cierk of the City and County of San
Francisco, havo examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
rxamined the records of the City and
County of San Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbranoes
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
Tha Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him, or when it came
into his possession. He may issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent in any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as bail in the manner
that«the County Clerk Is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the "Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court.
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor.
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bund Clerk, to
receive ball money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting in the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court In the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
r'ourt and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the 6essions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torn.ey. Each of euch stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of the Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests Jn
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre
serve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
tho Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedingspending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain Jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery, and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid: and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury. The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
shall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a. pointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
| appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve j
as President for one year. All subse- j
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The i
President of tho Board shall in each j
case hold office until his successor has j
been elected or until his membership j
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The ■
; Board may employ such clerks, super- j
I intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur- j
i veyors, deputies, architects and work- j
men as shall be necessary to a proper |
discharge of their duties under this Ar- |
tide, and fix their compensation; but
j no compensation to any of said persons
! shall be greater than is paid in the
case of similar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all :
necessary rules and regulations for its
government, and for the performance j
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes; j
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor- '•
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be !
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
Bhall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular !
meetings at least once each week at a ,
place and time to be fixed by resolution '
entered on its minutes. No changes in j
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten i
hours before the time of holding any '
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting except such as !
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration at the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No I
business shall be transacted at a spe- j
cial meeting except that which is named '
in the notice of said meeting. Special I
meetings may be called by any member j
of the Board. In every case where a i
power is exercised under this Article
by the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
Bhall keep a record of all Its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor In office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways arid Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets in the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel}
after Its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th»
City and County, or which may be of
value and Importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of Nev City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence at
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of said offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence an 1
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
opened in the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
! done upon, over or under the same; and
| herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, In conformity witn
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th*»
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
! streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, ana
sewers and drains, and determining the
location thereof; the using of the
street or any portion thereof for the
deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
to the public from the dedication there
of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Toard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to gran*
permits for or allow the permanent en*
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess
pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th«»
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places ana
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
5. *Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County;
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
I City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
the collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
designing, construction and mainten
ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
! terns of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by thft
! City and County, or which may here
' after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
! company or corporation desires to have
I opened or torn up the roadway of any
< street, lane, alley, place or court in the
, City and County for any purpose, a
' written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
< sion to do so. The lioard shall there
j upon make an estimate o- the expense
I of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u^ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall at the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f.r the doing cf such work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done uy days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
Said lien may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been 1 a than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus snail con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, ehall be made by the
Board of Public Works and It shall,
when requested to do bo, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
Improvements done under the direction
and supervision of said Board, and
ehall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
Supervisors. He shall possess the same
power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
Is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect aa
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
charges to be paid In advance for any
official act or service demanded of him,
and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Board of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken In all cases In the matter
of the letting of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposals to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details arid descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, "con
spired, connived or agreed, directly or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If on the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall be received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and p-blicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first In
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder falls or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. IS. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall be null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work. *
Sec. 19. In thf case of Improvement
of streets, the own?rs of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, In the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ten days or
should they enter Into such contract
and fall to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution of such contract, the Board
shall enter Into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fall or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter Into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
In the first Instance.
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any mn
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. All contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the Cjty At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be ddne, the
manner in which It shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered Into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract
ing party. All contracts shall be signed
In triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, if any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or more suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre-^
tary a certified check upon some bo\-W
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance »f the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes bn real property, the
assessed value of which, over ana
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the Cit" and County in his
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent.
The contract, shall specify the time
within which the work shall bs com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance of
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Public
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memocrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case of
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
such extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
ailow to him any compensation for any
work done by hii.. under said contract; ■
and, in the case of the improvement ol
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons of
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shaa so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect.
CHAPTER IL \ jfa
Improvement of Streets.
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, rhall be deemed and held
to be open pubuc streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tiu Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense thereof
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and if it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
foot for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board o* .Su
pervisors. If an application is made
for any work or improvement of which
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approv • of such appli
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said worker improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
any improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street Improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or cro. ing will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall b©
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending: to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its Intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
ed, and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days In the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Book of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on said book in the name
of unknown owners, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the Hne of said
contemplated Improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet In dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. P^ach of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" In let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of said
resolution, its date, and. briefly, the
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pro- rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, hose c\yjlasmore than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time o£ the
publication uf said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be delivered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
vVorks, who *hall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
I4Jl 4J uiy further proceedings in relation
.he doing of said work or making
Bald improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front
ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and. in the case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
Bewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at its next meet-
Ing, fix a time for hearing raid objec
tions, not less than vne week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
Urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and If said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
f f intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings in relation to the performance
of the work described in said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state in what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec. 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution .of intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to bo assessed to pay the expense
therein. injections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
Baid objections before it and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and pass upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
. Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
— its decision in that behalf to be final
ar.d conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
Bhall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to the
work or Improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
cori' the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he haa
not entered Into any private agree
ment, v. ; Im.i or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
! in said contract, or to
mak .? any rebate ur deduction to him
. price. Any such agreement
Bhall 1 a fraud upon all per
■ be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
%vh" were parties to the agreement, and
Bhall make void, as to such persona so
defrauded, any assessment made for
Ihe work done under such contract; and
Prhere there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work in or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the i
affidavit mentioned in the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
! phall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per- !
formed and specified in said contract I
(including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Artirle, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
ehriH briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed.
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (If
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word "unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount .-issessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
In part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall in
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the fame shall constitute a lien upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing: the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The expense of all work or
improvement done upon any part of
said streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super
visors, shall be borne atid paid for as
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the '
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
streets and highways.
h. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof,
c. Of all work done in front of. or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all grading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third.— The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the.
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
I work and improvement has been done,
I shall be assessed upon the lots and
! lands fronting thereon, except as here
i inafter specifically provided; each lot
; or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed in proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work.
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are anally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
I and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on said
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing Intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination shall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
age of such lots on said main street,
and the expense of the other half of the
width of said street upon the lot or lots
fronting on the latter half of the street
at such termination.
Subdivision Five — Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
i street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
lots or portions of lots half way on said
alley or subdivision street to the nert
crossing or intersection, or to the end
of such alley or subdivision street if it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street. If it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court bo terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
street, avenue, lane, alley, coort, or
place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, if it does
not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned In this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done Is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or reseweriig' is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that Bide,
and for intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to Its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
and to its grade as then established,
and thereupon may procure, at his or
their own expense, a certificate from
the City Engineer potting forth the
number of cubic yards of cutting and
filling made by him or them in said
grading, and the proportions performed
by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate In the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly Indexed book kept for that
purpose In the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been done,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling In grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
Interest, shall be entitled to credit on th"
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling- get
forth In his or their said certificate, at
the prices named In the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only for so much of paid certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be in excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude In the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth in any and all cer
tificates so recorded In his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required for
grading thereto, and shall enter corre- J
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUXTY OF SAX FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors in interest; but he
shall not Include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owner 3
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions erf lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven— When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
bo doing shall assess 3aid total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or Improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or Improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such ass3ssment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment shall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which shall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic Works of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall b-» a lien
upen the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record
ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said l'eLord
!ng of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons interested in paid
ausr ssment shall be deemed to have no
tice f-i the contents of the record
thereof.
After Bald warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the Fame shall
hi delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
until after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having Jurisdiction to render su^h judg
ment, that any suit brought to foraciose
the Hen of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
by reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission. Irregularity, or ii!e
ga'ity, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any euch assessment, or in the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in teven months after the or.try of said
flna.l Judgment, apply to the Hoard for
another assessment to be Issued In con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make and deliver to
said applicant a new assessment, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land set out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record-
Ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an apneal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of. the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid In whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. There
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return bo made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced snail operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the iien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon prcrof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested In any work
provided for in this Chapter, or in the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public Works in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
briefly stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the 6ame with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or c /mplained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
Just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, assessment or
diagram in any particular, or to make
and issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the decisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, Informalities
and Irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no assessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or in the assessment it
self, where the Board of Public Works
has acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. IF>. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the dat* of th«»
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with Interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit has
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, andlikeevldence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as In other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
lien of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of the
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots fronting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice In writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he Is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
in said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, nt the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doinsr of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by It In its office for three days,
inviting bids for the d'-ing of said work.
Snid bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved in
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Puch work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall hnve been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
of the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be not paid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in this chap-
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
the property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid aud advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records !tept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be^kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public "Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving 1 or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
if said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with incidental expenses, in an action
instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover in said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. "Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the gTade
of all intermediate or intersecting
streets in any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to Include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
araras, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As
sessor.
The term "quarter block," as u?ed in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
In this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be, or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blocks or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or public grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually In
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
Judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeping so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to time
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board: but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded In the
manner provided in this Article,
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and 6uch proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements and
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of Account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of sunr>lies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
visions of the preceding section, and of
the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all time 3 show the amount of said
material and supplies on hand and in
store, and when, to whom, and for
what purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
terial and supplies in said Yard, and
shall not deliver any article except
upon the written order or requisition
of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
said order, of each person to whom
any delivery is made, specifying the
date of such delivery and the amount
and kind of material and supplies de
livered. For any deficiency in his ac
counts or for the delivery of any ar
ticle without such order or requisition
and receipt, he =hall be liable upon his
official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
blocks or other material with which
any street or portion of a street may
have been paved or planked shall, if at
any time removed from said street,
be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner a3
other supplies.
CHAPTER 111.
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolution of in
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lots
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for [hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his Interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing tha
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have been filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if the
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, It may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially repon
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of tha
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be hnd thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting tha
assessment and valuation to be mart©
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment. In addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, tha
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Publio
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which • shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the In
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to "be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of said lot
having been taken for public use, as
herein provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation b»tween the value of said lot In its en
tirely and its value as reduced in size j
by V.-? appropriation of a part thereof;
to said public use. The expense of the i
improvement shall include the value |
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Bee. 8. On the day named In said
■ and upon such other days as the
'■ may be continued to, from time
to time, t'h<> Hoard shall proceed to
the b vera' parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
ed improvement Such value
Fhall be ascertained as of the time of
paid inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may t>e
: to the same by reason of sucn
led Improvement, and the Board
shall fix such valuation as the amount
. given to the owners there,or.
The Board shall also assess the bene
fits and damages which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within Bald district, and j
the total value of all i
■ ,l improvements taken, to
. ,ti the damages, if any,
causi .1 by said Improvement to the ad-
Jacent :a-:us, and the estimated cost i
.,i expense of said improvement, in!
the form of an assessment upon each ;
jtrd every lot of land within the dis- I
\ v td< termined to be affected by said
Improvement in proportion to the ben- j
•fits which the Board shall determine ;
•#ill be received by said lots and lands, j
Bee 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged in making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
ar.d held at the office of the Board, and
all persons interested in such valua
tion and assessment shall have the ;
ripht to be present and be heard in ,
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any interest in the lands to !
be taken for said Improvement, or that :
v 111 be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
ts, and a description of :
thc-ir respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment i
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as .i Board, and said assessment
and valuation Bhall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
and every assessment and valua
tion bo authenticated and recorded In
the Book of Assessments for I'ondem
n shall be prima facie evidence [
■ ectness and regularity of all :
the proceedings of said Hoard and of j
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
s . 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which is taken for said ;
Improvement the Hoard shall in its re- j
. ■ f rth, yy-l r appropriate head- j
Ings, a brief description of each lot
thereof, the amount allowed for the
same, the name of the owner of each
■ • hen known <\'iml if unknown, that
fact shall be Btated). and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein; and in making the assess- i
jcpense of said improve- j
mem the Hoard shall set forth in the
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot ,
asse: sed, the amount assessed against ;
the same, the person to whom said i
rty was assessed upon the next,
• Assessment Hook of the City ;
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and if unknown, that fact shall
b<=> Btated), and the total amount of the j
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board :
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same; \
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at :
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no- j
tice. During said period of thirty
days, but not thereafter, the Board
may alter, change or modify said as
i • nt. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
In the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to- i
gether with the expense of the im- ;
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the I
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court ]
confirming the assessment contained \
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for !
the condemnation and conveyance to !
the City and County, upon the payment
of the v^lue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land '
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said Improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint !
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con- I
firmation of said report will be heard I
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court !
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for i
the hearing thereof file in said Court !
his objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day I
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
Bhall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
Earn«, or cause the same to be changed,
altered or modified by said Board. Said
Judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of land described in
paid report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declart d necessary for the purpose of
paid Improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
Judgment. Said lien shall remain in
force until said assessment Is paid or
legally discharged.
Sec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to tho Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment The amount of the under
taking on such appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. For the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings in the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections. Judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof ns may be necessary to deter
mine said appeal. If said Judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
Bhall take such proceedings as win
] HSB» SSment and valuation
1' I c made in accordance with the de
c!.='r>n of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shrill act as the attorney fnr
the B( ai 1 of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
paid report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or If an appeal has been
taken and tho Judgment appealed from
ha« Ik^h affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to said Board;
and said assessment shall then be re
d in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
T ' i ■"' nt nT'.d Secretary of raid Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessfS^t is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond thai necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expeniscs of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of the Tax
Collector to the Supervisors that the
amount of said assessment has been
collected and paid into the treasury,
the Supervisors shall order to be paid
out of the treasury the sums fixed In
said Judgment as the compensation for
the lands to be taken for said improve
ment; and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such p.erson is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described in said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
Incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or If the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by th»
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there arts
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President of the said Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
Interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the Fame be paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upon entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
Judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street,, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or' assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shall appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out in
such recommendation; but no grada
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
prade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro
vided in the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
j plemented by ordinance of the Super
visors.
CHAPTEB IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
: of drainage, which shall embrace all
j matters relative to the thorough, sys
; tematic and effectual drainage of the
! City and County, and shall from time
| to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
I proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
i location, form and material to be used
I in the construction, reconstruction and
; repairing of all public sewers, man
■ holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. 3. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
i tions concerning the public and private
! sewers and drains in the City and
j County, and upon recommendation of
i said Board, the Supervisors are author
ized to pass an ordinance establishing
the same and prescribing the penalties
for any violation thereof.
Sec. 4. No person shall connect with,
or open or penetrate any, public sewer
or drain without first obtaining a per
| mlt in writing from said Board and
| complying with the rules and regula
tions of the Board In reference thereto.
Sec. 6. The Board may also recom
, mend to the Supervisors the construc
j tion of such canals, sewers, tunnels
i ditches, drains, embankments, reser
| voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
| and effectual drainage of the City and
j County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
i Sec. G. The Supervisors may, upon
the re-ommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not le? s than fourteen affirmative votes
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improvement provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
j which it is deemed desirable to con
| struct any sewer or other Improvement
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. 8. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for the opening of any new
street.
CHAPTEB V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
Jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The ZJoard of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
fu-r at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The .^oard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER IIL
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same as the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, fihall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
; probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned In section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
schools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school of
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
In public places during school hours.
5. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in the
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony In such Investiga
tions.
6. To receive, to take on lease and to
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold in
trust nil personal property tint may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department
7. On or.before the first day in' April
in each year, to appoint School Census
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common ho< Is of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal found in
competent may be discharged by the
Superintendent of Common Schools
Snould the Board fail or neglprt \c flii
the vacancy so caused within three days
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the duties of
Cf-nsus Marshal, such vacancy may be
fiHod by the Superintendent of Com
r..on Schools.
8. To sue in the name of tbe City and
County for lots, lands and property be
longing to or claimed by tha School
Department. To prosecute and defend
all actions at law or special proceedings
or suits in equity conceding the enjo> -
ment and possession cf sach lots, lands
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
strict accountability in the expenditure
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in av
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the
payment of any demand against such
Common School Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
■within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section.
Every person in the employ of
the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a
warrant for the amount due and ap
proved by the Board, signed by the
President and Secretary thereof. The
entire monthly salary roll of the De
partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of
all the members of the Board, shall be
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be Imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, for the benefit of tl. . Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
of the School Department not required
for school purposes; but no lease shall
be made except after advertisement for
bids for at least fifteen days in the offi
cial newspaper and by an affirmative
vote of at least three members of the
Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
or money acquired by bequest or dona
tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
library; to carry into effect the terms
of any bequest not in conflict with the
general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for Ui s in the
schools. All montys realized by such
sales shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Common
School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the
School Department for the ensuing fis
cal year, stating in clear and explicit
terms the quantity and kind of articles
noodod and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the
official newspaper.
The provisions of Article TI. Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of propo
sals, tho awarding of contracts and the
security for the performance thereof,
shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and
contracts made, awarded or entered
into for furnishing supplies to the
School Department. Any contract made
in violation of nny provision of this
Article shall bo void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
port in writing for the preceding fiscal
year, stating the number of schools
within its jurisdiction, the length of
time they have been kept open, the
number of pupils taufrht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in nil the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, th<s
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, arid such
other information as may be required
by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the M.iyor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
for the next ensuing fiscal year for
teachers and all employees of the
School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children In average dally
attendance. If from nny cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold offlco for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must havo had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their up
polntment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties Im
posed by tho general laws of thfl State,
It shall be the duty of tho Superin
tendent :
1. To observe and enforce nil ruloa
and regulations of the Board Of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of Außiist, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County durinp the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To Inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures us
he may deem necessary for the ad
vnnoement of education In the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade, from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report, to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. G. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power:
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, Intemperance, or
evident unfitness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof. In the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy.
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnisning, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who in the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular revenue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
amount of money which shall not ex
ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
for each pupil in attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, eJirthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
cess of the annuaj limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so Injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
penditures, and provide for the same in
the next tax levy of the City and Coun*
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality In
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso.
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location of the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, the
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mntes are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
h'l'is.- constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if It has been
built in accordance with the plans and
specifications ami within the estimated
cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Fee. 2. When an- school house, build
ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of, the Board of Education,
ner-ds repairing, altering or improv
ing, the Board shall notify the
Board of Public Works, specifying
in general terms the work to be
done. The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
coed two hundred and fifty dollars;
Otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications nnd
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, tho Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in-noeordanee with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall bs
paid for out of the Common School
Fund.
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chnse a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shall not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equnl size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER Vn.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
I Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
! shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
•by virtue of his office. The Board of
: Trustees of said Library and Reading
j Rooms in office at the time this Char
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading llooma and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time establish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasinp real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise, for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, in accordance witfc
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all jeal and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not Inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as It
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property. mon' J -, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded In its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers; deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
essary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books. Journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing- and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Secretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
6. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretory and their assistants;
and, with the approval of the Super
visors, expressed by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Pec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either in whole or Jn part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIIL
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall- be a citizen of the United States
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor
more than thirty-five years of ace
must possess the physical qualifications
required for recruits of the United
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners
In making appointments of members
of the Department.. the Board 1 shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTEB H.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION L The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members wh.o shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
who shall not have been an elector of
the City and County for at least five
years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charter shall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this State.
Sec. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Board
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be e*m
tered therein. r
CHAPTER in
Powers of the Board.
SECTION 1. The Board of Police
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided.
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rulea
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of tha
person to whom such permit was given
is conducted In a disorderly or im
proper manner. Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
the business of selling: liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant euch permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who Is re
fused such permit or whose permit It is
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of
the premises where such business Is to^
be carried on. Such permits shall at alljf
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by tha
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At Its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
6. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
all unclaimed property that may come
into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used in
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary' of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV.
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thou
sand dollars. He shall have control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
i public service as he may direct, and
' with like power to suspend temporarily
I any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor in writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law an<s
rigid discipline so as to secure com-
I plete efficiency of the Department. He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of tha
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, in the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con-
I ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall bo
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as may be
placed in his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners^
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office In which he shall naye
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance
at all hours of the day and night; and
In such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found. .
Sec. 5. The Chief of Police shall de
a4c 6 The Chief of Police may from
!,„,,: time disburse such sums for
tinlent expenses of the Department,
as in h?s JudSent shall be for the best
fntSest of the City and County to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
The Department. The aggregate of all
cuch sums shall not in any one fiscal
vpar exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
SuperVisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
prs shall allow and order paid out of
i Bttch contingent fund as contingent ex
! pensea of the Police Department upon
I orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required
Pec 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
' brokers, peddlers, junk-shop keepers,
! dealers In second-hand merchandise,
> auctioneers and intelligence office keep
' ers. All persons engaged In said call
ings riust first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority In
writing from time to time empowet"
members of the Police Department,
when in search of property feloniously
obtained or In search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime, to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered in writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
CHAPTER V.
Subordinate Officers.
SECTION 1. Subordinate officers of■
the Police Department shall consist of
Captains, who shall each receive an
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall ea.ch receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of P
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for every fifty police officers. The dv-
C the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
'nmmissioners, by the orders of the
T.ief of Police, and by the orders of
h ir respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
tfl as in the Judgment of the Com
i tissionera may be advisable, not to ex
!•■•; one Sergeant for every ten police
officers?. The duties of Sergeants shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
cf the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective captains and Lieutenants.
n. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
oilers may be advisable. The dv
• . s ■:" Corporate shall be defined b ■ the
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
and the orders of their respective
tains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
seed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
{-hall r-. eive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank r,s Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be defined by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be k
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Kaeh of said Detective Sergeants shall
ye an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time from such detail by
the Chief of Police. Thefr duties shall
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
th° Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police Force of the
City and County «hall not exceed one
Police officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
ye an annual salary of twelve hun-
md twenty-four dollars.
Pec. 2. Every Police Officer shall.
■ of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
n keeper, who must deliver the
samp to tho Property Clerk, to be kept
by him until other disposition be made
( according to law.
3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions. Dismissals
and Disratements.
SECTION 1. All promotions in the
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or hy dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding one month's salary.
3. No member of the Department
shall be subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
ity or misconduct therein, except
aftf-r a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
; filed with the Board setting forth
specifically tho acts complained of. and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear
ing to appear personally and by coun
sel; to have a public trial; and to se
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTEE VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money
taken under suspicion of having been
Btolen or feloniously obtained, the re- '
suit of crime or constituting the pro
coeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from Intoxicated or in
sane persons, 01 other persons Incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or
property or money lost or abandoned
that may In any way come into the |
possession or custody of any member i
Df the Department, or of any Criminal i
Court or Judge of the City and i
County, shall be delivered to the Pron- I
srty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record
Eoo-k, to be kept by him for that pur
pose, 1 a full and explicit description of
the same, together with the name of
the person or persons from whom re
ceived, the names of any claimants j
thereto, the time of the seizure, and the ]
final disposition thereof. j
Sec. 2. When property or money taken
fro-m any person arrested, or otherwise
under suspicion of having- been feloni
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant !
thereof and the person arrested, before '
a court for examination and adjudica
tion, and the Court sli.-.1l adjudge that
the person arrested Is innocent erf the
ofTetire alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or
der such property or money returned
to the accused, and the Property Clerk j
shall thereupon deliver such property i
or money to him personally, but not to !
hie attorney or agent. If upon such i
hearing the accused shall be held for I
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain In the custody. of
the Property Clerk until the discharge
or conviction of the person accused.
Sec. 3. All unclaimed property and
m"r,pv that lias b*<»n in the custody of
the Property Clerk for one year shall
be Bold at public auction, after having
boon five times advertised In the official !
newepaper; and th" proceeds of such '
Bale shall be mid into the treasury to
the credit of the Police "Relief and Pen
r!on Fund. In no ease shall such prop
er'y be Bold or disposed Of until the re
resslty for the use thereof as evidence
h-s ceased. The proceeds of property
taken from insar.e nersons phnil not
Oecomc part of B «ch Fund until after
the e^nlrntlon of three years from the
t'nc he i»amc Is paid Into the treasury:
but the Commissioners and the Chief
of Police Pholl. during such period
mate diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or perrons to v.-hnm the same
Fl'ould by ripht be paynbl«
Fee. 4. If any property or money In
tho custody of iho Property Clerk be re
c-uirod as evidence in any Court, It
Fhcli bo delivered to - any officer who
phall present an] order in .writing to
thai effect from such Court, and the
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi
ble for the safe delivery of such prop
erty or money to th? Property Clerk.
Bee. R. All valuable* flrrl money in
the custody of the Pronerty Clerk shall
he denosiled by him for safe keeplntr
With the Treasurer In such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
en may be prescribed by the Board.
CHAPTEE IX.
Present Police Force.
SECTION 1. All members of the
present Police Force in good standing
in the Department, at the time this
Charter poes Into effect, and the Park
«>nJic». shall continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go Into effect
shall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
CHAPTER X.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions j ■
already existing in favor of the Police j
Force, a Fund is hereby created to be j
kr.own and designated as the Police i
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board i
of Police Commissioners and its sue- |
cessors in office shall constitute a
Board of Trustees of said Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com- ;
missioners may, by a unanimous vote,
retire and relieve from service any i
aged, infirm or disabled member of the | '
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer- |
tificated practicingphysiciansappcrinted j
by the Commissioners for that pur- i
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea-
Bon of such age, infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his ;
duties. Such retired member shall re- ,
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen- j
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to ;
one-half of the amount of the salary |
attached to the rank-held by him three >
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid |
unless such person has been an active j
member of the Department for twenty :
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at j
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart- j
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury ;
received in the performance of his j
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
County recommending his retirement
upon a. pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension j
equal to one-half the amount of salary ;
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
during his life and to cease at his
death. In case his disability shall cease !
his pension shall cease, and he shall be
restored to the service in the rank he ,
occupied at the time of his retirement, i
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out !
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer, \
member or employe of the Department j
who may be killed while in the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de- j
cedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary j
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend- ;
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively ;
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners j
may unanimously determine its ne- |
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or If there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent :
upon him for support, shall be entitled
to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of suefi
deceased member and paid into the Re
lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
sions of this section shall not apply to
any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under (
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part :
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year j
of the amount required to pay all de
manda on the Police Relief and Pension
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
certify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as a part of the
annual appropriation for the Police
Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
any member of the Department for
conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
but it shall not exceed in any one in
stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of Its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by Its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to such
persons from the Relief and Pension
Fund. Each warrant shall state for
what purpose the payment is made 1 .
The Board of Police Pension Fund
Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall poesess the
', powers vested in the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
i regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, Includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment Into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
■■ ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places whore spirituous,
; malt or other intoxicating liquors are
- sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs.
3. All moneys received from fines
' imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
: rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
I property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mor*
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchnr.dlse, and from Junk
. stores.
fi. All moneys received from fines for
i carrying concealed weapons.
CHAHTER FOB THE CITY A]S'D COUNTY OF SA» FRANCISCO*
7. Twenty-five per centum of all fines
collected in money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relief
and Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from such pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request Is made for
regular policemen' to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making: such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man so detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
such Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shaU be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
j shail be under the management of a
: Board of Fire Commissioners consist
ing of four members, who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
; shall be appointed a Fire Commission
er who shall not have been an elector
, of the City and County for at least five
i years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
i constituted as to consist nf more than
I two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respective
ly go out of office at the expiration of
one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be j
successors in office of the Fire Commis- j
sioners holding office in the City and
County at the time this Charter shall
go into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President who shall hold office for one ;
year. The Board may appoint a Secre- I
tary who- shall perform such duties as '■
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of twenty-four ,
hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
at least once a week, and as often as
the business of the Department may
require, and all its meetings shall be
public.
Sec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
sary, prescribe the number and duties
of the officers, members and employees |
of the Department, and the uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
ments of the Department, and exercise
full power and authority over all ap- !
propriations made for the use of the
Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posi
tions in the Department must be citi
zens of the United States, not less than
twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
years of age, of good character for
honesty and sobriety, able to read and
write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
yean next preceding the date of their
appointment, must pass a medical ex
amination under such rules and regu
lations as may be prescribed by the j
Commissioners, and upon such exam- ;
ination be found in sound bodily health.
Sec. 7. No officer, member or employee
of the Department shall be appointed,
transferred, or removed because of his
political opinions, nor shall he be
transferred or dismissed except for '
cause, nor until after a trial before the
Commissioners.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em- !
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the i
laws, ordinances and regulations per- >
taininer to- the Department are carried j
into effect. The Board shall make such !
rules and regulations as may be neces- ;
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola- i
tion of such rules and regulations may ',
Impose reasonable fines upon the of- i
fleers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of I
them for such reasonable time as the
i Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month- ■
I ly warrants of the officers, members j
i and employees upon whom they are <
imposed, and shall be transferred by j
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of I
the Fire Department Corporation '
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
i gineer and the Secretary of the Com
j missioners; but during a conflagration,
I such material or apparatus as may be
I required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
] order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
! officer Jn charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Pec. 10. No member or employee of
; the Fire Department shall be engaged
j in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while In the actual
performance of his duty therein bo as
I
to incapacitate him from performing
hifl duty, the Commissioners shall allow '
his salary during the continuance of i
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully |
performed, and shall, upon the award- J
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter j
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad- j
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same, :
the presentation and opening of pro- '
posals, the aw. rding of contracts
and the security for the performance ,
thereof, shall, so far as the same can I
be made applicable, apply to all pro- I
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for furnishing supplies to j
the Fire Department. Any contract '
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER 111.
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION' 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi- |
neer, who shall be charged with the j
special duty of superintending the ex- i
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offt- j
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall j
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules !
and regulations in force in the City and i
County, or made by the Commissioners j
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member j
or employee of the Department for in- j
competency, or for any violation of the
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report in '
writing BUCh suspension, with his rea- j
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for '
their action. He shall diligently ob
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and |
report in writing thereon at least once j
a month to the Board and make such
recommendations and suggestions re- I
specting the same as he may deem i
proper. In the absence or inability of '
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief j
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, in his \
■ absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers, i
'; or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief :
: in charge may, during a conflagration, I
j cause to be cut down or otherwise re
; moved any buildings or structures for
I the purpose of checking the progress or ',
j such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tillerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal,
SECTIOX 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Ma.rsh.al and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be Imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and In case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same within twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there 13
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 6. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to the safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of such age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-*ialf of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily in
jury received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Commis
sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chref of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
sion equal to one-half the -mount of
salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
cease his pension shall cease, and he
shall be restored to the service in the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
First — Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly p. .ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second— Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for. the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
i Secretary of the Board shall be pre
< sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
! Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th*
powers vested in the Board of Fire
i Commissioners to make rules and
■ regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
i the payment from said Fund of all its
: necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
! dollars for any one month, including
( the salary of the Secretary and print
; ing; but no compensation shall be paid
: to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars; Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars; the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers. Tillermen. Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun-
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars: Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars.
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be ap >ointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be called the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in
strument-maker shall receive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have sole
control over its own systems and wires.
Sec. 5. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
shall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements made by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents for furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De
partment of Public Health under the
management of a Board of Health. The
Board shall consist of seven members,
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer
tificated physicians of the City and
County at the time of their appoints
ment, and who must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall' be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals. Almshouses,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the nature and character of nuisances
and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, Including Jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided In Article 11,
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall
have exclusive control and disposition
of all expenditures necessary in the in
stitutions under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition In the City and
County; for the protection of the publio
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical Information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such
officers, agents and employees aB may
be necessary for the proper and ef
ficient carrykig out and enforcement of
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Poard shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who
must have been a resident of the City
and County for at least five years next
preceding his appointment. He shall
devote his time exclusively to the du
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students In their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction In any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary- They shall be ap
pointed after a competitve examination
by the Board in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodsring free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neerlect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to-, and final decision by. said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private Institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
matps of any Institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual |
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not* make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties easting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and "Vice
President, as the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth. member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if there be
such third party. and If not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
expiration of, the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must be '
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all times of the
two political, parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Board, nor
Registrar, nor Denutv Registrar shall;
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention th<? purpose of which
Is to nominate candidates for office:
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election : or : primary election; nor
take part In any election \ except to
vote and when noting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such : official * duties ns may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter. » '
Bee. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganlze within ten flays after their ap
pointment by choosing: one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shafll hold office for one year and
until his successor Is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
its proceedings, and shall execute all
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon its minutes, designate the
service to be rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
In the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration In the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER IL
Municipal Elections*
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November In the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and In every second year there
after, an election to be known as th»
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, -City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who nhall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall Issue his
proclamation and publish the same In
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day In each
year on which the municipal election Is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet for the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for In this Charter, reciting In such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ARTICLE XII.
ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC UTIL
ITIES.
It is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION 1. Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every twa
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision Bhall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
and such other public utilities as tho
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec. 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
: interests of the City and County, enter
' into negotiations for the permanent ac
! quisition by the City and County, by
' original construction, condemnation or
i purchase of Buch or any of said
! public utilities as they may regard
I most important to the City and County
1 to be first acquired, and to formulate
! and submit to the electors of the City
I and County, at a special election, prop
! osltions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orlg
' inal construction or condemnation, of
| public utilities, the Supervisors must
! solicit and consider offers for the sale
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors shall
i have the benefit of acquiring the same
i at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
' County equal In number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
i sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
! public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to tho
electors of the City and County, as
i hereinafter provided, a proposition for
j the acquisition of such utility, it shall
I be the duty of the Board to immediate
i ly take such steps or to enter into such
I negotiations as will enable It to formu
| late such a proposition for submission
i to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
: ositton shall be so formulated and com.
! pleted within six months from the data
jof the filing of such petition. The Clerk
I of the Supervisors must, immediately
i upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signature?, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Th©
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors &
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the formulation of such proposi
tions by the Supervisors and the May
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
caßt thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the votes cast in favor of bothpropositions shall not exceed one-half
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall be deemed re
jected.
Nothing In this section shall be so
construed as to prohibit the Superris
ora from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same ai»
provided in Bectlon six of this Article ]
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same In the manner herein
after provid
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
und County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any Bp» lal election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so tar exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed ;
bonded Indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such, bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
■ two-thirds of the electors voting;
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and to
w-arrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
daring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance railing a j
Bpeci&l election as required by section |
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the c>st of which will be too
great to bepaid out of the ordinary an
nual income and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de- \
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
n< wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the m-xt regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above s.*t forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shrill be'submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. No question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of tho indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such ',
election.
Pec 8. The ordinnnce calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the prt-pnsed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
Bach election, and the manner of voting:
for or against Incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held aa
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be in
curred, the number and character of
the bond? to be issued, the rate of in
terest tr> be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. No Indebtedness shall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shrill exceed at any one time
fifteen per mntum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
find shnl] be payable in lawful monoy
»f the United States. The Supervisors
Bhall decide at the times of the Issue
of the bonds in what lawful mom
the United States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-f<rrt:Mh
part of the whole amount of Indebted-
Deal shall be pnid each and every year,
on a day and at a placo to bo fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the pale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum y><^r annum, payable
annually, somi-annually or quarterly,
us the Supervisors may determine!
Bueh bonds, when Issued, may be sold
by the Supervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine but the samr>mnst
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
United States as aforesaid to the hieh
est bidder at not less thnn r.«r, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
sealed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to roiect any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof.
The proceeds of such sal^s shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the proper fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and objects
mentioned in the ordinance authorizing
their issue until such ohjocts are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall bo signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer, and
shall be countersigned by the Auditor.
The coupons shall bo numberpd con
secutively and sirned by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and In the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visor* shall levy and collect annually
a tax puftVient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aererccrnte
amount of such Indebtedness po in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied for municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and in the same manner as
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comnly with
the provisions of this Article shall con
stitute cause for the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SEBVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the -Mayor shall in like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
; classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
i ence to the examinations hereinafter
; provided for. The places so classified
j by the Commissioners shall constitute
; the classified civil service of the City
! and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men
tioned.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
I of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
[ and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places In
the classified civil service shall be sub
, jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall Include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 6. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appll- |
cation only. No question in any ex- I
animation shall relate to political or re- |
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex-:
animations, and may, whenever an ex- i
amination is to take place, designate a J
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be exajniners; and, if I
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se- I
lected, or may themselves act as such j
examiners. '
See. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination ,
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
determined by examination, without
reference to priority of time of ex
amination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, In
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
; vtded for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
! or office, In which a position classified
'. under this Article Is to be filled, shall
i notify the Commissioners of that fact,
! and the Commissioners shall then certl
i fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
| not exceeding three, standing highest
' upon the register for the class or grade
j to which the position belongs; but la
■ borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Such ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office In
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and 'with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing In writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his, appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an
proval of the Commissioners, mak«
temporary appointments, to remain lit
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices ana
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, the Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
Stenographers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board of Election Com
missioners, the*Bonrd of Health and all
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec.
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the j
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, courts,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed In this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees In any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AND COUXTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned In this section shall maka
such appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall bi
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
In such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment Is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report In writing to the Com
missioners.
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, and may Inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there
of.
Sec. 15- The Commissioners shall, on j
or before the fifteenth day of January ;
In each year, make to the Supervisors
a report showing their acts, the rules
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re- I
quire a report from the Commissioners '
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under j
their direction, superintend any exam-- 1
lnation held in the City and County |
under this Article, and who shall per- I
form such duties as the Commissioners
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner j
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep j
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all \
reports made to it, and keep a record of i
all examinations held under its direc- j
tion. He shall receive an annual salary j
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro- \
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this :
Article.
Sec. 18. No person or officer shall by
himself, or In co-operation with other
I persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
! person in respect to his or her right of
; examination: or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
, examined hereunder. or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations eon
: cernlng the same, or concerning the
j person examined; or furnish to any
j person any special or secret infor
mation for the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer
tify to the Auditor all appointments to
places of employment in the classified
: civil service, aid all vacancies occurring
therein, •whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or
approved by the Commission under the
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar
ticle.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have
power to institute and prose*cute legal
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
! upon the map of the Outside Lands of
j the City and County, made pursuant to
I Order Number One Hundred, by the
! word "Park," extending from Stanyan
| street to the Pacific Ocean and known
aa Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
!as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
1 ceded to the City and County of San
i Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
1 the other parks and squares in the City
! and County, and all the grounds
| surrounding public buildings in the
! City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
I hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
i and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
! successors In office of the Park Com
i missioners holding office in the City
i and County at the time this Charter
j shall go Into effect by virtue of ap
: pointment under any statute of this
! State.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall he
five in number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of throe years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secr«
| tary who is not a member of the Boaid
i The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and cm
i ployees, and shall require adequate
| bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
i and as many special meetings as it
deem proper.
iree of the Commissioners shall con
te a quorum for the transact'on of
ness. No contract shall be entered
authorizing the expenditure of
py without the approval of four of
Commissioners. Every contract
eding five hundred dollars In
nnt shall be open to public corn
ion, unless the Board shall deter
! in any given case to have the
c done by day's labor. All the pro-
Bfl of the Article in this Charter on
Department of Public Works relat
to contracts shall be applicable to
ontract work ordered by the Coin
loners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid parky,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the State
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted. In the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
punished therefor, on conviction, n any
court of competent jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four member of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at the same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and direction of the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage -
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from dofioro
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided in section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
Board from leasing, for a period not
greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in ,»very
such lease the Board shah reserve Ihe
right to enter at all times Into and u;-on
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pant-pleasrre
purposes only. No such bull-ling shall
be constructed by the Board except it
i>e within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, ove lues and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section, con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under
such conditions and restrictions as may
be accessary to conserve th? integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pc.
ricd not greatei than six months, an<i
so as not to interfere with the u:se or
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion .shall ever be granted oxcept such
tair or Exposition be of National, Stat»
.•!• Municipal mportance. None of 1 he
moneys In, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall to used for th? purposes c*
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Sec. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
Hi.! request of the Comnv.n^inncrr de
tail sveh members of the Police Force
of the City and County fur service in
Bald parks, squares, aver...--s and
grounds as may be necessary for the en- I
f<rreement of the law and for the proper I
observance of the ordinance of the!
Commissioners; and the Cr mmissioners \
may provide a place of detention with
in either of si t d public pla 'es In which
the persons arrested for violating any
of the ordinances of the Board may be
detained tempo arlly.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that !
may be derived from such donations, j
legacies and bequests, shall, unless !
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of'the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares,
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived fn>m such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks,
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in Interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art. shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners;
nor shall such work of art. until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this Rection shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations,
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, Intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges,
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines,
grader, and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street,
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
Impair the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County.
See. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
and grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County not exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OF OFFICIALS. ■
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering upon the dis
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively give and execute to the
Qity and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . "When the amount of any
bond is not fixed by law or by this
Charter, it shall be fixed by on ordi
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting those of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled -Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. r . he bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept in the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify In an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official i
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City j
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal. ;
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of i
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient; and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him, and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of Indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ARTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco,
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of ;
tue Mayor fo to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member !
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to |
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to. or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest In any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved
upon him by law. he shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County: and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and disqualified from
being elected, appointed or employed In
the service of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while In office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position as employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
in the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de»
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be *
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have been absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every o'fflcer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall bo
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said books
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Police
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause; and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but If the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. "When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall Immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any j erson so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any "provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered in the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof,
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24.- Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and documents,
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 2fi. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not in good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
less said grantees or their assigns shall,
within clx months after this Charter
takes effect, In good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec 27. All ordinances or resolutions
for the Improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec 28 All ordinances, orders and
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which In ad
dition to the other expenses of tne
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they must hy
ordinance passedLy th 3 affirmative Tote
of not loss than fourteen members ol
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so for as
the same are applicable, shall apply to
the manner of submitting such propo
sition to- the electors, to the limitations
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded in
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 32. No member of the Board ot
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fire
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office: nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which lg
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate nr employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member: and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rende^d, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands as such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received,
into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor thorefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance:
and if he find the same necessary he
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide for tho com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by this
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under « x
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining In the
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Common School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve
ment Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Park Fund created by this
Charter. The balance remaining in the
Unapportioned Fee Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect shall forthwith
be transferred to the Unapportioned
Fee Fund created by this Charter. The
I Charter takes effect shall forthwith
ransferred to the Unapportioned
Fund created by this Charter. The
balance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance i remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter»takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spe
cial Deposit Fund at the time this
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, the
balance remaining in the Street Light
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Street Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in" the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in the
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter, takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect, shall
each and every, one of them be forth
with transferred to the General Fund
created by this. Charter. Out of th^eai.l <'.iTifr;\l Fund shall be paid, as in
this section hereinafter provided, all
the expenses of th. various depart- j
menta of tin> City and County, except)
p;ich expenses ;)* are by this Charter
to be paid out of the Funds specifically
provided for the payment of such ex
pensr-s*. For the Is months ending on
tlie thirtieth day of June, in the year
nineteen hunt red, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to eh of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much o4o 4 said moneys
pet apart by said Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent <.'f 1 iblic Streets.
Highways and S([u t\>r the f:scal
ending on said thh 'eth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charter ' k<'s effect, Bhall be ex
pended during Baid six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its charge. All ilu- expenses of the City
and County which are not t<> be p-iid "Ut
> f Bpecifl hall be paid (hiring
paid six months out ' the General
Fund. Should Hit- moneys s< apart
by tho Board of Supervisors of the ex-
Isting mv i" ;»ny department
< !" ihi> City end County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
fronths, or should any d partment cre
atf-d by this Charter have no money
Ically pro\ld -d for it during said
si v : months, then In each such case the
rises thereof shall be paid out <'f
the General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained In sections six and
of ( :haj '• i i oi Article in <>f this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the Genera] Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this section
is the existing i lunicipality of the ( 'ity
and County of San Francisco, and the
several funds whi< . are to be trans
ferred as hi this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of s;i :i existing municipality
not mentioned In this section, and
which are authorized by law. shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
lity for their continuance ceases.
S( c. 38, Vhen the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in ex t the time this
Charter ;. • has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
euch balance shall be forthwith
the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Chan ■ shall he published for
ys in The S.tn Francisco Call
and In the Daily Report, daily news
general circulation in the
. :•■;■., ndsco, and
such publication, viz.; on Thurs
twenty-sixth day of May, in
the year one thousand eight hundred
and :.;. it shall be submitted
to tl . :.-''" said City
Francisco, at a spe
n which i^hall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority i : the iu&llfied electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify tht sai it shall be sub
i to th ■ Legislature of the State
la fi r its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
. e-:ept as hereinafter otherwise
fled, in and after the hour of noon
on the first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
and sh ■ :; : r >" ca po n b come the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of ! an Francisco, and shall
rse" the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
i lawa inconsistent with
this < ;harter.
The form of ballots at . id election
shall be a.* follows:
FOR THK NEW CHARTER. YES.
THE NEW *> ARTEB
For the sole purposes of the election
o? tl- tod in this Charter
by the people, this Char
•hall take effect on and after its
val by the Legislature, and the
shall be man
! and controlled by the
'• of Eli ■ ■ smissioners in
•r said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
A: '1 for the sole "th«r purpose of the
• •■;.' ted under this Charter mak
the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of th-> persons so ap
!, this Charter .shall take effect
on the Brsl day of December, in the
one thousand eight hundred and
■
BE IT KNOWN; That the City and,
County of San Francisco, containing a
population of more than two hundred
Thousand inhabitants, on the twenty—
Feventh day of December, in the year
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac- i
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion 8, of Article XI, of the Constitu
tion of this State', did elect the under- i
pinned a Board of Fifteen Freeholders,
to prepare and propose a Charter for
Bald City and County; and we, the |
members of said hoard, in pursuance
of such provisions of the Constitution,
and within a period at ninety days'
after such election, have prepared and j
do propose the foregoing, signed in j
duplicate, as. and for the Charter for
said City and County of San Fran- ■
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
■ our hands in duplicate,
twenty-fifth day of March, In the
y. ar one I ht hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON. President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER,
H, X. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED rr»IDGB,
L. R. ELLERT,
ISIDOR GUTTBS,
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHi NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN,
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPPMANN SACHS,
El "WARD . TAYLOR,
A. W. THOMI SON.
Attest: J. HICH'D FREUD,
Secretary.
FUNERAL OF C. P. HARRISON.
Remains Cremated at the Odd Fel-
lows' Cemetery Yesterday
Morning.
The remains of Calvin P. Harrison, who
was killed by the Cnllkoot Pass avalanche
on t).' arrived frum the northern
country Sunday morning ;ind were cre
mai<•(! u.t the ( '(iii Fellows' Cemetery vea
terday mornlna;. The young man who
ni^t such a tragic death w.;s tiio son of
Mr. and Mrs. Harrison of IS7 Tremont
avenue. A: bbury ki< illhs, and was well
likf-d by a large drc f ai-'iualntances.
He was a native of mis city, za years of
and prior to his departure for the
Alaskan P"M fields was a student at the
Grammar School.
For many months be bad boon fin
d on the Post-Intelligencer of Beat
tie, bul iik<- many others the sold craze
iiim and he left but lo meet drath.
The deceased leaves tw<> brothem, J. V.
Harrison, who is at present In liawson
('it;.-, and W. H. Harrison, and father and
mother. The last sad ritos were wit
nessed by many friends of the family.
General G. G. Meade Corps.
General G. G. Ifeade Corps, <",. a. R..
will on the evening of the 27th inst. give
an entertainment In A. O. P. Hull in aid
of its relief fund that is used to relieve
the necessities of old Botdlera and thoir
families. Mi^s Helen Black, a prominent
member <>i" this corns, declares that if
is war she .-will t>e one of the first to
volunteer lx-r services aa a nurst sund
wear the Geneva Cross.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver rather firmer.
Wheat and Barley quieter.
Oats strong. Corn dull.
Rye unchanged.
Hay and FeedstufTs as on Saturday.
Beans firm.
New Potatoes lower and Sweets higher.
Onions declined.
Vegetables in free supply.
Butter firmer and Eggs weaker.
Poultry nominal.
Fresh fruit about the Fame.
Oranges and Lemons firmer.
Dried Fruit quieter.
Provisions unchanged.
Hides weaker.
Beef and Veal and Lamb lower.
Coffee affected by war prospects.
CONSUMPTION OF LIQUOR.
The latest report of the Bureau of Statistics
In the Treasury Department shows that the
consumption of liquors per capita of the total
population In this country is on the decrease.
In 1893 it was 18.04 gallons; In 1594. 16.&2; in
L 896, 16.35; in 1596, 16.42. and in 1597. 16.22.
EXPORTS OF PRODUCE.
Exports of produce from this port by sea dur
ing the first three months of the current year
were J9, 756,300, against $9,050,800 for the same
time In isr>7. the leading items being $3,234,300
to Great Britain, $795,400 to China, $765,700 to
Eastern ports, $1,298,400 to Japan, $656,600 to
Africa. $355.200 to Australia. $512,300 to Central
America and $1,100,400 to the Hawaiian Islands.
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with thr wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. it any, tlie
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredth! during the . aot twelve hours.
r», or sjlid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temper. uure. Thi? word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres-
BUre and is usually preceded and accompanied
udy weather an-! rains. "Lows" usua.ly
first appear on the Washington ~oast. When
the pressure Is hißh in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the is.ob.irs extend north
and s'.uth along the coast, rain Is probable;
i ■• when the "low" is Inclosed with isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "IiIkIi" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the prersure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warinpr weather may be expected
in summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
§<120 th M---rldl:in— Pacific Time.)
SAN' FRANCISCO. April IS, 5 p. m. !
Following are the rainfalls for the past '
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations— 21 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 31.15 47.
Red Bluff 0 12.30 23. 8S
Sacramento 0 ».S7 17.15
San Francisco 0 7.75 22.58
Fresno 0 4.01 10.52
San Luis Ob'.spo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 5.26 16.74
San Diego 0 4. 1S 11.66
Yuma 0 1.68 6.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, CO;
minimum, 46; mean, 53. "
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen slightly along the
Oregon and Northern California Coast. A
trough of low pressure extends from the Sac
ramento Valley southeastward Into Arizona.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific slope. In the great val
leys of California It Is from 10 to -IS deg. above
the normal.
There has been a marked Increase In cloudl-
Llong the California coast and light show
ers may occur Tue
A maximum wind velocity of 32 miles per
hour from the southwest Is reported at Idaho
Falls.
No rain has fallen west of the Rocky Moun
tains.
!•• recasts mado Pt San Frniif : sco for thirty
hours ending- midnight, April 19:
Northern California — Cloudy Tuesday; cooler
In the interior; southerly winds; tog In the
morninK.
Southern California— Cloudy Tuesday; fresh
westerly wind; tog on coast.
Nevada- ''inudy Tuesday.
. Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arlsona— Cloudy Tuesday.
San Francisco nnd vicinity— Cloudy Tuesday,
with To* In the morning; fresh westerly wind.
Bpeolal report fnm Mount Tamalpals, takfn
at 5 ;>. m. : Calm, cloudy; temperature, C 4;
maximum tomperature. 6R.
ALEXANDER Me ADIT!.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, April IS.— There was buying of
etocks by professionals in the first hour this
morning, which raised the price* of most of
the limited number of stocks traded in a point
or over. After midday, traders sold again,
wiping out the early advances. The day's
changes are insignificant and are mixed be
tween gains and losses. The amount of busi
ness done was almost the smallest In the his
tory of the Exchange, and a large proportion
of the small total was - made up of Tobacco.
This stock continued to reflect the contest be
tween Insiders and shorts and the Indications
all went to show that the shorts were In dis
tress. After falling off more than a point the
stock mounted in an eccentric way six points,
and closed a point below the best. The buy
ing of the morning, which advanced the gen
eral list, was apparently based on the pre
sumption that the differences at Washington
on the Cuban question added to the chances
Of a peaceful solution by delaying war. There
were silent advances in the price of Ameri
cans in London before the opening here, which
helped on the rise.
The selllnc was due to the action of the
House of Representatives in receding from its
resolution and concurring in the Senate reso
lution after eliminating the Independence of
the Cuban Republic. The feature Is the small
floating supply of stocks. This makes an Ideal
market for professional operators on account
of the ease with which prices move. But It is
evident that the present market Is buttressed
with buying: orders below the present level
of price*. Any considerable advance is met
with large selling to realize. It Is this that
produces the almost unyielding steadiness of
the market. A one point turn seems to be
about the utmost that . the professional room
traders are. able to accomplish.
The gold received by Saturday's steamers
still further fortified the cash reserves of the
banks and engagements announced for to-day
were over 000. 000, besides $1,000,000 encaged
late on Saturday. The money market how
ever, showed little disposition to yield al
though call money was loaned on the Stock
Exchange at 2 per cent. Banks and trust com
panies generally hold out for 4 per cent for call
money and 6 per cent for time money The
movement of funds to the interior continues
but it is regarded as very significant that out-
Bide banks are- beginning to loan money here
The expectation of a Government loan with
out doubt influences the banks to hold their
reserves, and the marked weakness of Govern
ment bonds to-day was taken as indicating the
approach of a new bond issue.
The market for railroad bonds was almost
absolutely stagnant to-day, and there were
no changes of significance In prices. Total
sales. J550.000. ■■•■'■ ..
United States new 4s declined 1*;. the old 4s
registered Hi. the old 4s coupon 1 and the 6s «
per cent in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 130,600
shares, including: Burlington, 7128: Northern
Pacific preferred, 3420; St. .Paul. 8920; Union
Pacific preferred, 9251; Union Pacific, Denver
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
and Gulf, 4450; American Tobacco, 57,366; ■
Sugar, 15, 635. -■";'.-,
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchtson 11% Do pref 140
Do pref 24%, St P M & M ISO
Baltimore & Ohio 16 • So Pacific 12%
Canada Pacific ... 73 So Railway 7%
Canada Southern. 46% Do pref 25%
Cent Pacific 11% Texas & Pacific. 'J%
Ches & Ohio 18% Union Pacific .... 61%
Chi & Alton 154 U P D & G 0%
Chi D & Q 91"4 Wabash 6%
Chi & E 111 49 Do pref 15%
C C ft Si L,... 28 Wheel& L E.... 1%
Do pref 78% Do pref 8%
Del & Hudson 105 Express Companies-
Del L & W 144% Adams Ex 100
Den & X G 10% I American Ex .... 120
Do pref ,42% United States ... 33
Erie (new) 12 I Wells Fargo 11 5
Do Ist pref .... 32 | Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 16S A Cot Oil 16tf
Gt Nor pref 147 I Do pref 67
Hocking Vallay .. 5% Amn Spirits i.%
Illinois Central .. 69 Do pref 21
Lake Erie & W.. 13% Am Tobacco 1"4
Do rref 69 Do pref 112
LaKe Shore 176 People's Gas 00%
Louis & Wash.... 48% Cons Gas lio.
Manhattan L .... 9M/s« Com Cable Co 150
Met St Ky 137% Col F & Iron 10
Mich Cent 101k Do pref .'. ' M>
Minn & St L 24 Gen Electric 31% .
Do Ist pref .... 79 Illinois Steel 4a..
Mo Pacific 26% Laclede Gas 40
Mobile & 0hi0.... 27 Lead •••• 28
Mo K& T 10% Do pref 102
Do pref 31% Nat Lin Oil 14
Chi Ind & L 7 Or Imp Co 2<%
Do pref 23 Pacific Mail 23%
N .T Central 91 Pullman Palace.. 170
N V Central .... 109% Silver Cert &6
N V Chi & S L. 12 Stand R& T 3%
Do Ist pref .... CO Sugar 116 *»
Do 2.1 i:ref .... 28 Do pref 10.
Nor West 124 T C & Iron 19 -A
No Amer Co .... f% V S Leather 5%
No Pacific ....... 22% Do pref 56%
Do pref 60% U S Rubber 15%
Ontario & W 14' Do pref 66Jj,
Or R & Nay 43% West Union Bj%
Or Short nine ... 2S C & N W 117
Plttsburg ICS Do pref 172
Reading; 16 S L & B W 4
Do Ist pref .... 3S Do pref 8
Rock Island 84% R G W 23
St L& S F 6'i Do pref M
DO Ist i.r-f .... 55% Chi G W 1"»
Do 2.1 pref .... 25% Haw Com C 0.... 20
St Paul 87% U P Common 1«%
Do pref 141 Or & N pref 67
St P & Om CS I
CLOSING BONDS. \
USI. w4s reg.. 118 N Carolina 65.... 120
Do coup 119 Do 4» 102
US 4s MS No Pac lsts.. 114
Do coup 108% Do S3 69
Do Ms 95 Do 4s 92%
USJs reg 1104 X V C & S L 4s. 101%
Do 5s coup .... 1114 Nor & W 6s IIS
District 3.(»s 114 Northwstrn cons. 141%
Ala class A 108% Do deb 5s 114
Do B 105 O Nay ists 113
Do C 96 O Nay 4s 92%
Do Currency ... 95 OS Line Cs tr.... lISVi
Atchlson 4s 87 OS Line r.s tr.... 9714
DO adj 4s 57% O Imp lsts tr.... 105
Can Bo 2ds 104 Do 5a tr 53
Chi Term 4s 81% Pacific 6s of 95.. 103
C & Ohio 5s 113% Reading -is 79%
C H & D 4%H.... 10454 R Q W lsts SO
D St R <; lsts.... 108 S L & IM C 55.. 86%
D & It G 4s 89 SL& SF G 65.. 115
East Term lsts.. 107 St P Con 140
Brie Gen 4* 69 St PC & P lsts.. 116
FW & D lsts tr. 67% Do 5s 114
Gen Flfc 5s 100 So Ry as 88%
GH& S A ■"-... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 65
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 3s. St
111 & V C 6a 110 T &P L G lsts.. 99
Do con 6s 110 Do Rg 2ds 30
i lowa C lsts 99 vl'D & G lsts.. 53
La new cons 45.. 9^ Wnb Ist 58 106%
L & N Uni 45.... S4 Do 2ds . . ... 76U
Missouri 6s 100 ■ W Shore 4s 10fi%
M K& T 2d5.... 58 Va Centuries — 66%
Do 4s WA Do deferred ... 3
N V Central lsts. 114% TJ P rref 51%
NJC 5s 110 U P 4s 90
MINING STOCKS.
Chni.lar Ontario 2 7."
Crown Point 1" Ophir 50
Con Cal & Va.... 70 Plymouth 14
Deadwood 75 Quicksilver 100
! Gould &- Curry... 12 Do pref 200
'■■ Hale & Norcross. 65 Sierra Nevada ... 70
Homestake 37 00 1 Standard 1 6.'»
Iron Silver 40i Union Con 20
Mexican 17 1 Yellow Jacket ... 10
BOSTON
BOSTON, April Atchison. 11; Bell Tele
phone, 250; Burlington, 91? i: Mexican Central,
4%; Oregon Short Line, 28; San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April IS.— The Kvenlng Post**
London financial cabl«>frram says: The stock
markets here remained stasnant to-day await-
ing political developments', and were dull on
the absence of a relief of the present tension
lor Borne time to come.
Spanish 4s closed flat at AW*. The decline
was due to forced sales of nearly £1,000.000
of the stock from Lyons, where a bie house Is
In difficulties. There was a further fall in
Brazils.
I learn from an undoubted source of Im
portant developments In the Bank of Eng
land's policy to attract gold. Advances are
beinff made on the usual security, but abso
lutely free of interest, on the understanding
that the principal is to be repaid In gold. In
this connection over £1.000,000 was received
late, to-night from Germany. This is not yet
officially announced, but will be to-morrow.
Telegrams from Buenos Ay res report that the
prominent Argentine merchants and farmers
Intend to offer their Government to take an in
ternal 6 per cent loan for $30,000,000 at 90 per
cent, and about one-third has already been
subscribed.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 61%: Grand Trunk. 7 7 £; Bar
Silver, steady, 25 15- led per ounce; Money, 2 .
per cent. . .
NEW YORK GRAIN AN*D PRODfCE.
NEW YORK, April IS.— FLOrß— Receipts.
15,081 barrels; exports, 16,138 barrels. Showed
a fairly steady undertone, considering the early
break in wheat. Minnesota patent, $5 25@5 60.
WHEAT— 109,150 bushels: exports,
207,467 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, f. o. b.
afloat, $1 03,2. Options opened steady and had
a sharp bulge of rumored large acceptance. It
was followed by weakness, however, based on
fine crop prospects, disappointing: cables and j
small visible supply decrease. Just at the close '
a sudden short scare caused a second advance
and prices left off Vie higher on May and '•„
lower on late months. No. 2 red. May, $1 OGSJ
107%; closed, $107. * w
HOPS— Quiet; State, common to choice; 1895
crop, 4@sc; 1596 crop, 7@Sc; 1897, 15@16c: Pacific
Coast, 1895 crop, 4@sc; 1896 crop, 7@Sc; 1897
crop, ].r. r l*ic.
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The week opens with the metal
market In an Indifferent condition, both as re
gards the tendency of prices and the volume of
business. At the close to-day the Metal Ex
change called:
PIG IRON— Warrants, easy, with $6 60 bid
and $6 85 asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at $12.
TlN— Quiet but firm, with $14 30 bid and $14 50
asked.
. SPELTER— Unchanged, with $4 25 bid and
$1 35 asked.
LEAD— at $3 60 bid and $3 fir, asked. Lead
was called dull at $3 50 by the firm fixing the
settling price for miners and smelters In the
West.
COFFEE— Options closed easy with prices 5
to 6 points lower. Sales, 7590 bags, Including:
April. $6 0.-.f56 20; May, $3 90. Spot Coffee— Rio,
steady ; No. 7 invoice, 6%c: No. 7 jobbing, 7%c
Mild firm; Cordova, B*@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. barely steady; fair refining,
3Vc. Refined, steady. ,
BUTTER— Receipts, 9401 packages; "Western
creamery, l&SlSc; Elglns, 18c; factory, l3(/i:,v,-
EGGS— Receipts, 10,677 packages; Western
Pennsylvania, 10% c; Southern, D%@lGVic
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. April 18.— California Dried
Fruits: APPLES— Firm; other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common, 7@7Hc;
prime wire tray. Sc: wood dried prime. S*4c;
choice. SVic; fancy. 9@9V4c; Prunes, 3Vi@7 l
APRICOTS— Royal, 5%@7c; Moor Park, SH@
10c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, s@Bc; peeled, 11%@14c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 18.— A rather easy ferline
was noticeable at the opening of wheat. With
the exception of California almost the entire
country reported crop prospects as bright, with
the weather perfect for farming operations.
Prospective buyers were also held tn check for
the time being by the fact that Liverpool, al
though opening at a good advance, had lost
about all of it before trading commenced here.
But the Incipient weakness gavo way to
strength almost before the market got under
way. The big bull factor of laet week, the
foreign demand for American grain, was again
very much In evidence, it being stated that
everything offered or wheat, corn, rye and oats
was accepted In the Continental markets at
good prices. This evidence of determination
on the part of the foreigners to get all the
grain possible before the actual outbreak ol
expected hostilities resulted in a very general
buying movement, In which St. Louis short*
were quite prominent, and which continued
for half an hour. Offerings were small and In
scattered lots, prices advanced steadily. July
opened at 86%®MHc, or a shade under Satur
day's closing piice. Before selling became
hravy enough to cause a turn the market had
advanced to 87*ic, the high price of the day.
Realizing on the advance then became quite
heavy, a decline to &6%c resulting. Before
11:30 July had dropped to BGV4c The price of
July at one time in the afternoon fell as low
as SO<c. It recovered to S6%c, where it closed.
Very little was done either in May or the other
futures.
Corn was strong early In sympathy with
wheat. Foreign demand was heavy. The mar
ket was strong to the close, July closing %c
higher.
Oats followed corn to some extent, ruling firm
all day. The best prices were ruling at the
close. July closed %c higher.
Provisions were exceptionally dull and prices
durum- most of the session were practically at
a standstill. Only a narrow trade was done.
At the close July pork was unchanged, July
lard 2V>c lower and July ribs 2%c higher. -^7..
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— '•" Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
May • 1 10H 1 10% 109 109
July •-. 87 S7»i 85% 86%
September "0 79% 78% 79
December 79 79% 78% 79
Corn, No. 2— , ■>
May • 30H 30% 30% 31%
July 31%" 32% 31% 32%
September 33 80% 32% 33%
Oats, No. 2—
May 28 28% 25% 26%
July 23% 23% 23% i.; 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
May 9 77% 9 77% 9 72% . 9 77%
July 990 9 92% 985 990
.Lard, per 100 lbs—
■May 515 515 515 515
July " 5 22% 5 22% 520 5 22%
September SSO 530 5 27% 530
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
May 5 12 ,^ 515 5 12% 515
July "■'. ....5 20 5 22% 520 5 22%
September f7r.V..';;Y."Vr.6 -0 530 5 27% 530
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
steady No. ? spring wheat, ?2'<i9Sc; No. 2 red,
$1 07t 2 'fil OS; No. 2 corn. 31@31%c; No. 2 oats,
2ti%'G%c- No. 2 white f.0.b., 30%@31c; No. 3
white f.0.b., 2S%@3oc; No. 2 rye, 53%@54c; No.
2 barley, 1 48 c: No. 1 llaxseed, $1^ 23; prime ;
timothy seed, $2 85; mesa pork per barrel, |
$9 755/9 80; lard, per 100 pounds, $5 15; short 1
ribs sides (loose), $5@5 35: dry salted shoulders
(bcxed), M C2%(i!/'4 87%; short clear sides(boxed),
»5 -(',.-, 60; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per !
gallon. $1 20; sugar, unchanged.
\rticl»<> ' ■ Re«*«i»>t«. Shlpmp"* 1 ".
Flour, barrels 11,000 8,000
Wheat, bushels 114,000 66,000
Corn, bushels 213,000 324.000
Oats, bushels .'.".. I'JO.OOO . 173.000
Rye. bushels ...: 2.000 75.000
Barley, bushels 17,000 65,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was easy; creameries, 13ijjl7c; dairies,
11©>16c; cheese, quiet, SQSVic; eggs, firm, fresh,
9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 144,300 21,840
Dt'lutn >i:M SS4.I
Milwaukee 25,350
Chicago 114.005 669,260
Toledo 18,66.) 2,900
St. Louis • 22.000 2,000
Detroit 4.217 3,650
Kansas City 45,000 13,000
Totals 336,022 736,650
Tidewater-
Boston ••■ 48,840
New York 109.150 207,457
Philadelphia 4,784 3,051
Baltimore 44,765
New Orleans
Galveston 4,400
Totals 211,939 210,508
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. May.
Opening 6105 63 55
Closing 64 20 63 SO
Flour-
Opening 30 05 29 40
Closing 30 25 29 70
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. .Tulv. Pent. r>»c.
Opening 7 10% 7 $%, 6 10% 6 9
Closing 710 7 8 6 10% 68%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. April IS.— CATTLE— A small
supply of cattle to-day made buyers more
ready to take hold and trade was quite ani
mated at stronger prices from the start, de
sirable offering' selling 10c to 15c higher than
at the close of last week. The greater part
of the beef steers sold at '54 4Q@4 90, the com
monest lots selling around $4, while extra
choice shipping cattle were scarce and pretty
much nominal at $5 2f.@3 50. Stockers and
feeders. $45? 4 75; canners, $2 50@3.
HOGS— There was a fair demand for hogs,
but prices were generally 2V.<iisc lower than
those ruling last week. Western shippers
were again poor buyers and local buyers were
therefore in a position to Indicate terms. Hogs
sold at an extreme ran<re- of $3 65@3 G2VJ.
largely 13 8003 90; little pigs, $3 23(g3 40; heavy
pigs, $3 45@3 75.
SHEEP— Trade In sheep and lambs was very
dull and prices were largely 10c lower. Clipped
sheep, *3 75©4 25 for wethers; clipped year
ling wethers, $4 40@4 60; clipped lambs, $4 23
(§4 75.
Receipts— Cattle 13,500, hogs 37,000, sheep
20,000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April IS.— CATTLE Re
ceipts, official, 3800. Market active, steady to
5c lower. Choice beeves, $3 7004 63 for natives,
while Westerns Bold at $3 70@4 45; cows and
heifers, $2 25@4 40; Westerns. $3 70<fT4 40;
stackers and feeders quiet, $3 60@5 40; south
ern -its. $3 40515 20.
HOGS— Receipts 4800. Good hops steady. In
ferior grades largely «c lower. Bulk of sales.
$:; BO@4 20; heavy $3 <»@3 80; mediums. $3 70@
3 75; lights. $3 40?r3 65; pigs, $3 10(g3 53.
SHEEP^-Receipta . 4300. I Sheep steady. Lambs
declined i"i; i:<-. Western muttons. $4©4 75;
lambs, $.'!/' 27%; spring lambs, ?G@7 40. .
OMAHA.
OMAHA, April IS.— CATTLE— Receipts 1500;
market stronger. Native beef steers. S3 Bo€
4 80; Western steers. $3 605?4 70; Texas steers,
$3 50£4 30; cows and heifers, $3 2."iTj4 25; can
ners. $2 2r>f?:!; Ftockers and feeders, 13 Mlffn;
calves. $4 50@6 75; bulls, staffs, etc.. $2 50-??3 70.
HOGS— Receipts 2000; market lower. Heavy,
$3 62#3 66: mixed, $3 85®3 60; light, $3 60; bulk
of sales. $3 CO.
SHEEP— Receipts 1500. Market 10c to 15c
lower. Fair to choice natives. $3 80@l 80; fair
to choice Westerns. $3 8004 70: common and
stock sheep, $3@4; lambs. J4@4 90.
DENVER.
DENVER, April IS.— CATTLE— Receipts, 900.
Beef steers, $3 So@4 30; cows, $3@3 75; feeders,
freight paid to river, $4Ci4 50; stOCkeTS, freight
paid to river, $4®4 60; bulls and stags, $303.
HOOS— Receipts, .100. Market lower and dull;
llpht parkfTß. $3 5001 CO; mixed, $3 50@3 i.".;
heavy. $3 4n<Q3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged;
jrocd demand. _______
FOREIGN MARKETS.
I/IXPON', April IS.— Consols. 110%; silver,
2.".:; 15-1 6 d; French rontes, 102f 26c.
LJVEIRPOOL, April 18.— Wheat firm; No. 1
Standard California Wheat. 4<!s fid; cargoes off
coast, very littl" doing; cargoes on passage,
; sellers at advance, 'id t>i lid; Knglish country
markets, firm: French country markets,
steady; Liverpool wheat No. 1, California,
8s 2%d®Bs 3' ; il; wheat in Paris, quiet; flour
In Paris eaay; quantity of wheat and flour
on passiipe to V. X.. 3.080.000 bushels; quan
tity wheat and flour on piiFFaee to continent,
I.Mo,<kjO bushels; Tnillan shlpnients wheat to
I' X 16,000 bushels; Indian shipments wheat
to continent 45.000 bushfls; import into V. K.
for week, 323,000 bbls. flour, 345,000 bushels
wheat.
COTTON— Uplands, R<4<l.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot No. 2 red Western, firm, 8s
y.d; No. 1 red northern spring, firm, 8s 3'Tjd.
CORN— Spot American mixed, firm, 3s 5»4d;
April, steady, 3s B»id; May, steady, 3s 5%d;
July, steady. Si '.%d.
Imports of wheat intoi Liverpool for the
week: From Atlantic ports, 61.400 quarters;
from Pacific; none; from other ports, 27.000
qunrters. Imports nf corn Into Liverpool from
Atlantic ports, 102,000 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. April IS.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain, in store and afloat, on j
Saturday, April 16, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, is aa follows:
Decrease,
r.nshols. Bushels.
Wheat 29.i55,000 975,000
Corn 34, 117,000 61.153.000
Oats 12.74fi,n00 749,000
Rye 3.307.0*) 435,000
Barley 1.035.000 42,000
•NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. April 18.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, 84@85c; valley, Sf.gS7c per bushel.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Wash., April 18.— Wheat strong,
with advancing tendency. No. 1 club, 85c; No.
1 Muestem, SSc.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 18— To-day's state
ment of the condition of the treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $220,222,400; gold re
serve, 1177.551.055.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW YORK, April 18.— COTTON— Quiet;
middling, 6Wc.
NEW ORLEANS. April 18.— COTTON—
Steady; middling, 6 l-16c.
PORTLAND BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or., April 18.— Exchanges,
$399,826; balances, J46.63G.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 81
Sterling Eichan- 60 days _ -4 84V4
Sterling Cables .... -•••••. — 485
New York Exchange, sight — 15
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce _ 66
Mexican Dollars ;.'; .' 46 4GV4
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Manydown takes for Cork 17 -
985 ctls valued at $27.!>G0.
The market is littlest, except as far as the
usual local demand is conrernprt, as there Is no
buyinj? fnr shipment at the present high prices.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 60
for No. 1, $1 62M; tor choice and $1 65@1 70 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — 9:16 o'clock — December —
!,000 ctls, $1 59%; 2000. $1 6it&.
Second Session— December— l2,ooo ctls, ?159V4;
10,000. $1 59%. ;;~-"-5 -,v,~ ;; '
Regular Morning Session— December— l2.ooo
ctlE, $153^: 6000, $153 5 ; 4000, $1 59%; . 6000,
51 59% ; SOOO, $159. ;■;/,■' en
Afternoon Session— December— ctls. $159;
20,000, $1 58%; 2000, $155%; 14, C00, $1 68%. May—
4000, 1 GCIH- . , * ,
BARLEY— demand has been seriously
checked by a violent rise in prices, and dealers
are now willing to concede a point now and
.then to effect sales.
Feed, $1 17%; Brewing, . nominal. ■
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock— No sales.
Second Session— No sales. '"'.£* \, ':'•
Regular Morning Session— December— ctls,
$137 Vi: 6000, $1 37' 4 ; 8000, $137; 6000, $136%; SOOfl,
$136; 2000. $136U; £000, $136; 2000, *135%; 2000,
$135V4; 2000. 1 35*; 8000, $1 35%. . M ,
Afternoon Session— December— 2oooctls, $13«'i;
6000, 1136%; 8000, $1 36%; 2000, $136%; 2000,
$136%. .v- .
OATS— The market continues strong, with a
slight Improvement In Gray. The demand is
fair. . ■-' ■■"■
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl: good  to
choice, $1 tJVi&i 42%; common, $1 30®l 3o; Sur
prise. $i 45©1 50; ' cray, $1 S2^@l 37 l /i; milling,
$1 Js@l 42 ! * per ctl.
CORN— Quot&loni remain unchancPti.
with a fair demand and moderate stocks.
Small round yellow, $1 20®! 2. . per ctl; large
yellow, $1 ISOI 20; white, $1 17', 2 @l 20.
RYE— sl 37V. per ctl.
BUCK. -IEAT— SI 9002 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
The Aztec took out for China 21,275 bbls of
Flour.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $3 25@5 33; Baker 3*
Extras, $5@5 10 per bbl.
MILL.STUFFS— Prices in Packs are as fol
low*, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 73 per 100;
Rice Flour, $«; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25: Oatmeal. $4; Oat Groats, $4 25;
Hominy, $3 20@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. $4@4 23;
Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina, -. 54 75: Whole
Wheat Flour. S3 23; Rolled Oats (barrels). $3 80
fj|t> 20; in sacks, Jo 60®6; Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, |4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was no change in anything; yesterday.
This is a new experience for these times, for
very few days pass now without an advance in
something or other. The Hay market was
steady.
BRAN— S2!'S2I 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS- W<'rX> 50 per ton.
FBEDSTUFFS -Rolled Barley. 130031 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31fi3l 50; job
bing. $32f»32 50; Cocoanut Cake, «24'<i23; Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S(fi3o per ton; Cornmeal, $24;
Cracked Corn, $24T/ 2."i.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $22 ?Mv
26 50; Wheat and Oat, $21 -<; -5 : nn * l > •"-
Barley, nominal; compressed Wheat, |22ig20;
compressed Oat, SSOtQSS SO; Alfalfa. $14@16;
Clover, nominal: Oregon Timothy, SWQW.
STRAW— CS&7SC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The Bean market Is showing the effects of the
dry weather and is very strong.
BEANS— Bayos. $2 80(32 9. ,: Small Whites,
$1 &s@l 67%: Large Whites, U 65@1 C7H; Pinks,
J2 b(Kii2 65; Reds. $2 25; Blacksye, $2 soft:!;
Butters, $1 40@l «0: LI mas. $2 55?82 45: Pea.
$1 56@1 i;7'..: Red Kidneys, $2@2 29 per ctl.
SEEDS— Mustard. ?2ff3 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. $3@3 15; Flax, $2 25; Canary Seed,
-V"-V: per lb: Alfalfa, 3W6c; Rape, liV4@24ic;
Hemp. 2%@Zc; Timothy, s(gsVic.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 60©l So; Green, $1 75
@2 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
The arrival of several cars of poor Onions
from Colorado has weakened the market. Pota
toes and Vegetables show little change, though
new Potatoes are in heavy supply and l"\ver.
String Means brought 15c and Egg Plant lOffj!
12c per lb.
Choice Sweet Potatoes are scarce and will
bring the top ligure. *
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 30iS35c: River Reds.
: River Bui hanks. So@6oc per sack: Ore
gon Burbanks, 85@85c; Petaluma nurbanks, 50
@70c per sack; Sweet Potatoes, $1 25ft 2 25 for
Merced: new Potatoes, %@lV4c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50^2 70: common. $1 7"T
2 25 per ctl; cut Onions, BOcflPl 25 per sack:
Oregons, $2 50<i - 70; Colorado Onions, 75c55l per
sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 1324 boxes As
paragus, 428 boxes Rhubarb and 72S sacks Peas.
Asparacus. ?1 ~.:Ai?. for extra larjre. $1 27-fn r>o
| per box for No. 1, 40cW$l for No. 2: Rhubarb. 2",
| @60c per box for small to good and 6'>'(i7sc for
i extra choice; Green Peas, 75'~i$l 2". per sack:
Dried Peppers, 6(T;7c per 1b; Dried Okra. 12'ic;
Cabbage, fir,@7f>e per ctl; Carrots. L's(fi6oe pet
sack; Garlic. S^ 10c per 1b; Cucumbers, 2T>c'ri
$1 per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, repack, $I^2
VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, rriw, 12c per lb in lots of 23
lbs; sliced desiccated, lfiftlSc: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage. 30c; Swe^t Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was no stock on the market yesterday
and quotations were therefore unchanged.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. lliglSc for Gob
blers, and 12@13c for Hens; Geese, per pair,
?I@l 50: Goslings. $202 B0; Ducks, $3 50@4 50 for
old and J.'i'SS for young; Hens, $3 50@4; Roos
ters, young, $7 5O@8; Roosters, old. $3 75@4;
Fryers. $C(g7: Broilers, $4 50®5 60 for large,
J2 Bo®3 50 for small: Pigeons, $1 75®2 per
dozen for young- and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal. ; •; ■$
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Butter Is firmer and Eggs are weaker.
BUTTER—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 19@20c; sec
onds, ISHc.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17M»@19c; common
grades, 14@17c per lh.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16^c; ;
i ladle-packed, Hif/15c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
!to good. 'iV-fj.SV'C: Cream Cheddar,. lO&lle;
Young America. 10@llc; Western, ll#12c; East
ern 12Vi@13Hc per Hi.
KOGS-- Hnnch Kpjrs, lZ<ttUc per dozen; store
Eggß, 12@12%c; Eastern, 12'/i<ft)l3'^c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Oranges continue to Improve, as stocks are
much reduced. Lemons and Limes are about
the same.
Receipts of Strawberries were 7 chests.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, 60966 c per drawer for large and
SCk-'flSl for small berries.
Apples, toO6oc per box for common, 7jc(tfsl
for good to choice and $1 25(ffl 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI oranges, $1 25@2 50;
extra fancy, J2 VAi2: Seedlings, BOc®fl 25; Lem
ons, 60cf($l for common and $1 2.")fj2 25 for good
to choice; Mexican Limes, $4(Q4 50: California
Limes, In small boxes. 40950 c; Bananas, $1 25
(gi2 per bunch; Pineapples, $3@4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS. ETC.
The week opened on a quieter market.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, 3si@
4%c for 40-50" s, 3U@3%c for 50-GO's, 2%@3>ic for
60-70's, V±(S2%c for. 70-80' s,l»£<§2Hc for 80-908,
13&01% C for 90-100' s; Teaches, 3fcjsc; fancy, o\' 2
(g6c; peeled, 10®12%c; Apricots, 5@6%0 for Roy
ala and "(ijSc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples. 6V4@7c; sun-dried, 4<gsc;
Black Figs, In eacks, 2^2Vic; Plums, 4V"-s v
for pitted and l@l%c for unfitted; bleached
Plums, 6@s^4c; Nectarines, 4@sc for prime to
fancy; Pears, 2%@4VsC for quarters and 3:_)sVic
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I%@2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, 3',ic for four-crown. 4',£c for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, :', 3 e.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at So per lb:
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4(j/6c for soft
shell; Almonds. ■ 3®4c for hardshell, 6@7c for
Boftshell. St4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
405ViiC for Eastern and 4V4c for California: Pe
cans. 6%®Bc: Filberts, S^@loc; Brazil Nuts.
S©9c per lb: Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100.
HONEY— 9@loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s}i(26c;
light amber extracted, 4%®'5%c per lb.
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Ib.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9Vic per n> for
heavy, 9%e for light medium, 10?ic for light,
lie for extra light and 12Vic for sugar-cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10'^@llc; Califor
nia Hams, 10c; Mess Beef, . $9 per bbl; extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef. $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9- extra prime Pork. $10; extra clear, slß; mess,
$16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2c per rt>.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at f.>4c per lt>
for compound and 7c for pure; pails, 7?ic;
California tierces, 5V4c per Ib for compound
and 6Vic for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10-Ib tins,
7%c; 6-rb tins, Be. . •
COTTOLFNE— s%@G^c; packages,,
less than 300 lbs— l-!b palls, 60 in a case. B%c;
3-lt> pails, 20 In a case, S%c; 5-tb pails, 12 in a
case, B^4c; 10-tb pails, -6 in a case, S^c; 80-Ib
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
!t>s net. 7%c; fancy tubs, SO tbs net, 7%c; half
bbls, about 110 'lbs, VAc per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are weak, and buyers are demanding,
concessions. Sheepskins are particularly weak.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc tinder the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S'<.'tj9c; light, B}4c; Cow
hides. B^@9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf,
10c dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands, 12ra 13c;
dry Kip and Veal, 16@16Vic; dry Calf, 18<glSc;
culls, ltf&nc; Goatskins, BU@37^sc each; Kids,
s<iiloc; Deerskins, good summer.- 25<??30c per Ib;.
medium. 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20(g 1 25 c each; short wool, 40<fJ60c each;
medium, 60@S0c; lonp wools, 90® $1 20 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3'<io'.2C per ib; No.
2, 2@2V4c; refined. sc; Grease, 2c. •
WOOL—Fall clip— Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain. 9@llc; free Northern,
12® 13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per It).
HOPS— •' crop, 2@6c for poor to fair and
B<§loc for good; 1897 crop. ll@l4c per tb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The scarcity of feed has resulted In Increased
shipments . of cattle into ' this marKet, and -In
consequence several descriptions are lower.
There Is no further change In Hogs.
 Wholesale ' rates: lor i dressed stock from
slnnrhtererg- are •as follows: .-.-_•. ;■>■•':
■ BEEF— quality, 6 l ,£c; second quality,
SV-<iMio: third quality, 4W5c-oer tb. ;
• VEAL— s@6c; small, 6<4@7c per Ib. •
.. MUTTON— wethers, ii l /8 (&3c; Jiwes, bigS^c
per Ib ■■ ■ '
LAMB— 9c per lb.
I'UMK-Live tiogs, 3\®S%C for large and 4c '
for medium; stock Hogs. 2S2V&C; dressed Hogs. i
sVi@6V4c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool ;
Baps, nominal; San Quentln, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, ?S p*- ton; . :w Welling- ;
ton, $8; Southtleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle, j
J6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 30; Wallsend. $7 5. .■; |
Scotch, 10; Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and !
$11 50 in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg,
$14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs.
Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $3; Coke, $12
per ton In bulk and $14 In sacks.
COFFEE— The circular of C. H. liickford I
gives the receipts at this port thus far this
year at 53.855 bags, against 48,705 during the
same time in 1897. The sales from first hands
were. 31,299 bags, against 30,850. The stock on
hand April 1 was 27, 2 bags, against 15.293. The
world's visible supoly April 1 was 174,766 bags,
[ against 4.151.529 April 1, 1897. The circular !
| says: "Since the date of our last circular, the
26th ult., sentiment has undergone a radical
change in favor of this article, especially so '
among buyers, who "were almost universally ;
carrying scant supplies.
"Th# immediate cause of this sudden turn i
of feeling has been the serious tension between \
the Governments of the United States and
Spain with reference to Cuba, leading to pro- i
posals by Congress providing for funds in
event of actual hostilities — among others being
' the renewal of port duties on Coffee and i
I Tea— the daily contingency that these reso- |
■ lutions in part or whole might become law.
"While among both buyers and sellers there
has been and is much divergence of opinion as I
to the ultimate outcome of the present diplo- :
matic difficulties the net result has been a ;
heavy business at improving figures for all ex- ;
j cept the highest . price descriptions, the latter
being neglected In favor of those qualities
thought likely to be most affected by a tariff
renewal.
"The market has been quite irregular, sway
ing according to the news of the day. Local
i conditions of supply and demand have also
played their part. While some Coffees, notably
current unwashed Salvadors, have advanced
fully 1 cent, others have moved but a fraction
or have not changed at all.
■"We call attention to quotations below, re
vised to this writing.
•■To-day's stock consists of 3liS2 CoFta Rica, j
4-13 Nicaragua, 6S2S Salvador, 13,814 Guatemala, !
and 1390 Mexican in all 31,557 bags.
"The steamer Ne- port Is due about April
20 with 4450 bags."
We quote:
Costa Rica— ls^l7o for prime washed; 14@13c
for good washed; lG@l6'/ic for good to prime
washed peaberry; 14(j2,15c for good peaberry:
12V4@14%c for good to prime; ll@l2c for good
current mixed with black beans; BMtsl2Ko for
fair; C.fi7't>c for common to ordinary.
Salvador— l2'^@isMiC for good to prime wash
ed; 10141312140 for fair washed; 14iS15c for good
to prime washed peaberry; 9',i@lo%c for super
ior unwashed; S%@9c for good green unwashed;
12@12%c for good to prime unwashed peaberry. '
Nicaragua — 9@lo^c for good to superior un- !
washed; 12.c for goof unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7@ 18c for prime to
fancy washed; Utilise for good to strictly
good washed; H@l2Vic for fair washed; B@lfl _••■
for medium; 6<ff"?ic for common to ordinary:
IS g>l7c for pood to prime washed peaberry; 12
@12% c for good unwashed peaberry; 9@loV 2 c for
■ good to superior unwashed.
SI GAR— i he Western sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes . terras net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, s : v; Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. 5%c: Extra C. 5*4 c: Golden C. s>*c:
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, 5%c per
lb: half barrels 14 c more than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday, April IS.
Flour, qr sks ... 10,300 Middlings, sks .. 240
Wheat, ctls 6,735 Hay, tons 290
Barley, ctls 1,771 Wool, bales .... 323
Corn, ctls 387 Pelts, bdls 209
Rye, ctls ........ 420 Hides, no 253
Cheese, ctls 83 Eggs, doz 11,730
Butter, ctls 225 Quicksilver, flsk. '.'3
Tallow, ctls 207 Leather, rolls ... 81
Beans, sks 1,559 Wine, gals 37,900
Potatoes, sks ... 715 Raisins, bxs 239
Onions, sks 4 Lime, bbls 81
OREGON.
Flour, or sks ... 612, 0at5, ctls 2,£75
Wheat, ctls 4,0451
WASHINGTON.
! Flour, qr sks ... • 4,716 1 Oats, ctls 1,700
■ Wheat, ctls 1,440 1 Hope, bales 60
EASTERN.
Corn, ctl3 800 i ßarley ctls 400
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Sarah Lambert, (wife of William) to San
Francisco Theological Seminar}-, lot on XW
corner of Oak and Buchanan streets, W 7u by
N 70; valuable consideration and $10.
Ida and Max Alpern to Elise Landecker, lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 253:9 W of Fill- ,
more, W 21:3 by N Ul:?,; $1".
W. Benjamin to Antonio Gamba, lot on W ;
line of Natoma street, 240 N of Fifteenth, N
25 by W SO, tiuitclaim deed; $10.
A. J. Brown to Esther Lotttnann, lot on W
line of York street, 260 N of Twenty-second, N
25 by \V luO; $ln.
Adolph Petr>' to Anna Petry, lot on N line of
Twenty-fifth Street, 230 (30) E of Nue, E 25 by
N 114; sift.
William Baillie to Katie Bail'.ie. lot on "U'line
of Douglass street, 235 N of Eighteenth, N 25 ;
by W ViC; $lv.
Jacob and Lina Heyman to Mary J. Par
sona (wife of Edmond), lot on S line nf :
Twenty-third street, 300 -\v of Douglas?, iiV 85"
by S 114, lot 136, Heyman Tract: $10.
Cornelius O'Hrien to Kate O'Brien, lot on S
line nf Vallejo street, 160 E or" Leavenworth, S
BO by B 22:tj; gift.
Louis Cranz to Katherlne It. Cranz, undi
vided half of lot on SE corner of Clay and
Leavenworth streets, S 35:6 by E 100; $10.
Mary Maguigan to P. H. Magulgan, lot on |
W line of Leavenworth street, 57:6 S of Broad
way. S 20 by W 60; $10.
Michael and M'U-fnrpt Cane to Emma F. I
Oesting (wife of William C). lot on S line of
Washington street, 67:tJ W of Leavenwnrth, W
45 by S 60: $10.
Estate of William John Tnbln iby James
Power, executor) to Elisabeth E. Wenlger,
Mary E. O'Brien (Tobin). Lily A. and Cecelia
Tobin, undivided one-fifth of following: lot on
XW corner of Clement street and Thirty-sec
ond avenua, W 10:8 NW 222:3, N SI deg. E
29:8, S 224:6; lot on NE corner of Thirty-first
avenue and Clement street. N 22".. E 158:6 S
S dog. 30 mm. E 226, W 17»:8; lot on NW cor
ner of Point Lobns and Thirty-first avenues,
W 120 by N 600; $3225.
Catherine Murray to Johanna McGinn, lot on
E line of Eighteenth avenue. 275:11 N of Cle
ment street. N 50 by E ISO; H ■■.
Edith Kane. George D. Leroy. C. and Ivy M.
Bunker and Ella Horton to Helen A. Bunker,
undivided half of the following: lot on W
line of Tenth avenue. 250 N nf A street, N 85
by W 120; lot on NW line of Brannan street
200 NE of Sixth, NF: 7"> by NW 110; also prop
erty in outside counties; J9IS6.
Max Mayerhofer to Andrew M. Speck, lot on
5 line or' P street, 32:fi W of Twenty-fourth
avenue, W 25 by S 10O; $50.
Carrie Lprhman and Louis Polafsky to Mor
ris Lachman, lot 20. block 37. Sunnyslde; $10.
Elizabeth A. McFadden to Harry F. Rahl- ;
mann, lot commencing on line of L street at di
vision line between lots A and 8, thence E 12."..
S 25, to E line of Railroad avenue. N to begin
ning, portion of lot A and lot 10, block 43fi,
South San Francisco Homestead and Railroad
Association; $10.
Estate of Laura M. Blair (by W. J. Snmers
administrator) to G. B. Capurro. undivided
half nf lot 6, block 33. Wost End Map 1; $55f>
G. B. Capurro to W. W. Chase (a corpora- I
tion), same, quitclaim deed; — .
John W. Barnes to W. H. L. Barnes, to con
flrm 1785 d. 2S, all interest in estate of Mary !
M. Barnes; gift.
J. J. Fat jo to Amelia Fat Jo, all property '
wherever situated; gift.
BUILDERS' CONTRACT.
WeiJs, Fargo & Co. (owners) with George
F. and Charles E. Duffey (Duffey Bros., con
tractors), architects Percy & Hamilton all i
marble work, etc., consisting of wainscoting
in all corridors and stairways, walls and cell- '
ings cf entrance vestibule, coping in light I
shaft, mantels and grates, door thresholds, etc. |
for a six-story attic and basement fireproof
buiidirg on .YE line of Second street, 160 trow
N corner of Mission and Second, N£ \IZ by SE i
160: $:s,OOO. I
Sani'? with William F. Wilson (contractor),
archit-cts same, all plumbing work, all fittings
and fixtures, all marble work connected with
plumbing, all vitreous f.cnr tiler in lavatories,
etc., fcr same on same; $K,SS.
Sanio with Fraser Electric Elevator Com
pany (contractors), architects same, to con
struct ail passenger, freight and sidewalk ele
vators and keep same in repair for two years
after completion for same on same: $15,:"00.
John and Nellie Donnelly (owners), with
James A. Cotter and E. N. Jones (contractors)
architect E. N. Jones, all work for a two
story frame building on E line of Guerrero
stn Pt. 85 S of Nineteenth; $15240
May L. Blake (owner) with I. W. Coburn
(ccntractor), architect William Knenig, ail
work for a two-story frame building, on SE
line of Clary street. 3">o from SE corner of
Fifth and Clary ptreets. SW 2> by SE SO: $2327
Mrs. Camilla Samson (owner) with Ferdi
nand AVagner (contractor), architects Salfield
6 Kohlberg. excavation, brick and granite
work, patent chimneys, for a two-story and
basement frame building on N line of Jackson
street, 197:6 E of Pierce, E. 40 by N 127-8&
$114 S.
THE CALL CALENDAR.
April. IS9S.
sa.
Moon's Phases.
3
4'i
11
B
li
21
23
1
6
15
2
9.
10
23
©i^ill Moon.
\£J April 6.
,<?-Last Quarter
V& April 13.
12
!au
f?iL New Moon.
W April 20.
*
20
3U j
NOTICE TO MARI-.ER3.
A branch of the United States Hrdrojrraphlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange. It
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
Iree of expense.
Navigators are cot lally Invited to visit th»
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
llght!<, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean eoirmerce.
The time boll on top of the building on Tele
rraph Hill is hoisted about ten minute lefors
noon and Is drormed a' noon. 120 th meridian.'
Yy telegraphic slgna" received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mar»
Island Cal.
A notice stating whether the .time hall wm
dropped on time < • giving th» error. If any. Is
published the same t\ni' by the afternoon
papers, and by the mornlne patter* the 'blow
ing day. - W. R. HUGHES.
Lieutenant. XX. S. N.. In charge.
BUN, MOON AND TIDK.
United States CoaPt and Geodetic Survey.
Times and lielghts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front iMis<Mon-stre?t wharf) about
twenty-five m'nutos Inter than nt Fort Point:
the he'ieht of tide 1s the same at both places.
APRIL
Tuesday, April 19.
Sunrises 5:27
'. Sun Bets t>: * a
; Moon Hues. *:!■) a. m.
SjTlme| Feet i T«n» Feet |Tlinej Feet Tlme!^,
MiL W> 'II W I, W; 'H XV'<
lu| 4:U O.S 10:53 To 4:15 I.T 10:^1 o.r
20 4:57 0.2 11:1? 4.8 4:4S 2.1 11:02 5.T
21 5:3' —0.1 12::» 4.6 5:20 ».6 ll:3U 5.8
22 f,:l!) —0.2 1:20 4.3 5:61 2.8 ...
I! \V L \V H W L W
23 0:00 5.4 1 7:00 —0.2 2:1*3 4.1 C:24 8.1
24 U:SJ 5 3 7:43 —0.1 3:11 1.1 7:00 3 3
■:., 10 | '51 8:2: 0.1 4:15 4.0 7:49 3.»
NCT*s— ln the above »Tpos!tlon of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of ths
day In the oruer of occurrence as to time. Th»
second time column gives the second tide of
the i<»7, the thin* time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives ths
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
triven are additions to the sounding on th»
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when n minus sign (— ) precedes the helsrht
and th»n the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plan* ol
leference is the nean of V lower low waters.
STKAMERS TO ARRIVE.
PTF.AMER.
I DCS •
Peeou... ..... |
'omona
lty of Bio
port
amos ,
.HceBlanchard
. reru.i
late or (3.11....
leveland
Implre - —
tomer
lacklnaw
Vellinffton —
ihllkat..
!lty Puebia.. .
forth For* —
anta ltosa. —
descent City.,
irlzaba ..
Dumboldt
San Diepo
! China and Japan
Panama
Humboldt
I Seattle
Coos Bay
Portland
Seattle
Coos Bay.. •-••
Humboldt --
Taeoma
Departure Bay —
Humboldt
| Victoria and Piigret Sound
i HumooKH
Pan Dlesro
Crencent ClUr
HumDolat
Portland
[Alaska
j Newpors..'
! Honolulu
Apr l'J
Apr la
Apr 13
Apr 13
Apr In
Apr 20
Apr 20
Apr 20
Apr -"0
Apr2t
Apr 21
Apr -.'3
Apr 21
Apr SI
Apr 2J
Apr 21
Apr 23
Apr 24
Apr 31
Apr 2.i
Apr 25
Apr 25
Apr 29
)regron
luim'oldt
!oos Bay
lealandla
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
DFSTINATIO.Vi
Sails.
Coos Bav.. Newport Apr W. 9 AMI Pier 11
Alatnedn.. Sydney Apr 20. 2 PM I Pier 7
Orizaba.... Hiimboldt .... Apr 20. 10 A» I Pier 9
Arcata Coos Bav Apr 21.10 am Pier i:t
DmatUIa... Vic & Prt Sno'Apr :i. 10 am Pier »
Columbia.. Portland Apr 21. 1U am Pier 11
Pomona.... San Diesro — Apr 21, 11 a* Pier 11
Weeott Humboidt. ... Apr 21, '•' am Paer I*
ABlanohrd Yaqulna Bay. Apr 22. 3 PM Pier 13
Homer. .. Humboldt ... Apr 23. 'jam Pier 11
Cleveland.. Pua-ot Sound. Apr Zi
Slate of Cai Portland.'. Apr 24.10 AM Pier 1!
Sam* Rosa San Dieso .... Apr 2a. 11 as I Pier 11
Venna Cnina&Japan Apr 2«, 1 PM PM S3
CltyPuebla' Viet Pstt-Suj Apr 20. 10 am Pier a
So'rtn Pork: Humboldt ... Apr K. 'Jam Pier I
Oregon .. Portlww.. |Apr XT. 10 AMlPtor H
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographlc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco April
19 IS9S
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m.. Greenwich
time . j. t. McMillan.
Assistant in charge.
ship: xag INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, Aoril IS.
Br stmr Venus, McGregor, 33 diys Cro-n
Hongkong via Yokohama 2'> days and IS hours.
Stmr Fulton, Johnson, 60 hours from New-
P0 Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 20 hours trim Moss
SUnr 6rizaba, Parson, 20 hours from Eu-
r 'stmr Bertha, Koehler, BVi days from Prince
X% Schr n Mayflower, Olsen, 3 days from CoquiUe
R Sclir C H Merchant, Olsen, 22 hours from Fort
& hr' J G "Wall, BJornstrom. 54 hours irr.n
' Schr ' Mary C, . Campbell, 10 hours from Bo-
Sclir Louis. Frans, 5 days from Astoria,
CLEARED.
Monday, April 18.
Austrian Rtmr Burma, Mlkuliclch, Nanalmo;
John Rnsenfekl's Sons.
Stmr Coos Bay, Hall, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins Co. Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles Nel-
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles Nel-
Stmr City of Para, Zeeder, Panama, etc.;
t* ai s Oo
Br bark inveramsay, Cromble, Talcahuano;
Balfoar, Guthrie & Co. _. ,„•_,„ ™
Schr Florence, Petterson, St Michael; C E
Schr^Kodiak, Thomas, Prince William Sound
Schr Kodiak, Thomas, Prince "William Sound
and Kadiak; Alaska Commercial Co.
SAILED.
Monday, April IS.
Stmr Oregon, Stephens, Portland.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka.
Stmr Point Arena, Hansen, Mendocino.
Hr Btmr Mount Tabor, Jameson, Portland.
Btmr Geo Loomis. Bridgett, Ventura.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen, Caspar.
Stmr Fulton, Mclntyre.
Stmr "N'ashtenaw, Croscup, Tacoma.
Stmr City of Para, Zeeaer, Panama, etc.
Schr Rattler, Pierson, Cooks Inlet, and Prince
"William Bound. r . ' :':.
Bchr R W Bartlett. Larsen. Seattle.
Schr Monterey. Beck. Bowens Landing.
Schr Kodiak, Thomas, Prince William Sound.
TELEGRAPHIC
POINT LOGOS, April IS. 10 p. m.— "Weather,
cloudy; wind, S\V; 12 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Ben Voirlich has been rechartered for
wheat from Portland to Euro--. JO*.
The Olga loads mdse for Kaliului. ■
The Cressington loads steel rails at Vancou
ver for Kobe, 22s fid.
The Devonshire loads steel rails at Tacoma
! for Japan.
MISCELLANEOUS..
: IPSWICH, April 18— Br ship Routenburn fm
San Francisco has had fire In main hold; is ex
tinguished; damaged lining of boards of hold
and three tons of barley.
I LONDON. April IS— -ship Wanderer; ore
! viously reported ashore at Dunkirk has been
i floated and docked.
SPOKEN.
I March 23— 2S, long 30 W. Br ship Pega
sus, hence Dec 4, for Queenstcwn.
April 14— Lat 49 N. long 7VI. Br ship Gulf
Stream, from London, for Port Los Angeles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH— Passed April 17— Bark Alex , Mc-
Neil, for San Francisco; itmr Mackinaw, hnc
j p r o'RT 4> LUDLOW-Xrrlved April IS-Bktn Xli
i kltnt from Honolulu.
I EUREKA-Sailed April 18-Stmr Weeott. for
1 "Arrived April IS— Stmr Chllkat, hence April
| 15 SAN PEDRO— April ScAr Lucy,
fl FORT BRAGG-Arrlved April 18-Stmr Co
quille River, hence April 16.
Sailed April Schr Ida Schnauer. for — -.
US AL— Arrived April — Stmr News boy. hnc
A CASPAR — Sailed April IS-Schr Abble, or :
S^fATOO I SH^Passed April Chil bark Altcar
from Callao, for Port Blakeley.
ASTORIA — Sailed April Stmr State of
' California, fcr San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived April IS— Schr John A,
't'aTOOSH— Passed April Bark Carrollt-m,
: from Comox, for Dutch Harbor.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Arrived April 17— Ship Jabez
H NEW YORK— Cleared April 16 — Ship Cyrus
Wakefleld, for San Francisco.
FOREIGN PORTS.
j YOKOHAMA— April 16— stmr Co
'^AVRE-A^ed'April 17-Br bark Ben.
A HAMBURG^ArrIved April 18-Br ship Duns
yrDEPARTURE° BAY-Sailed April 17-Sh! P
Eclipse fcr San Francisco. April l^Br ship
SANTA ROSALIA-Sailed April 1»-Br ship
i ctnr"nf Bengal, for San Francisco.
i NEWCASTLE. NSW Sailed April 12-Br brk
! Palmyra, for I'npa. Island. ■
SANrA ROSALlA— Arrived April 1-Bark
Carondelet. from Comox. _ ■ _ .
CORONEL— SaiIed April 15— Stmr Conemaugh
f0 DrBLIN J -A C rri°ved April 16-Br ship Sierra
| Nevada, from Tacoma.
SWISS-AMRICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, crnd
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK,
624 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid up capital and reserves $620,000
A General Savings and Commercial Banking
business transacted.
Interest paid on savings deposits.
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial paper.
DIRECTORS:
Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbarboro, J. C. Rued.
E. Martlnoni, F. C. Slebe. A. Tognazslnl, H.
Brunner, McD. R. Venable, A. G. Wleland,
F. Kronenberg, Chas. Martin, C. Gebret, P.
Tognazzini. S. Grandl, G. Rottanzl.
1920
DEMOCRATS
ENGAGE IN A
FIST FIGHT
Campaign Committee
Rooms the Scene of
the Encounter.
Larry Buckley and Pat
rick Hayes Were the
Combatants.
Row Over the Possession of
District Enrollment
Records.
BUT LITTLE BLOOD SHED.
Lively Time* Are Expected at To-
Morrow'a Election in th« 28th
Assembly District.
The serenity that has thus far marked
the proceedings of the Haraey Democrats
in preparing for district, enrollment was
marred last night by a personal encoun
ter of the good old campaign variety.
The scene of the encounter was the
rooms of the campaign committee in the
Baldwin Hotel, the principals being
Larry Buckley and Patrick Hayes, both
of the Twenty-eighth Assembly District.
While no great amount of blood was
Bhed the festivities were sufficiently live
ly while they lasted to cause a stam
pede from the committee rooms to the
corridors and lobby of the hotel.
The trouble was the direct outcome of
a factional fight that is being waged in
the district named. Hayes representing
one side and Buckley the other. Both
tides turned out In force la*i week and
registered their names before the enroll
ment committee. Everything went along
in an orderly and proper manner until
the rolls were closed Saturday night. It
was then that Buckley executed his grand
coup. He took possession of the enroll
doing scored a signal vic
tory for his faction. To-morrow is the
Rxed for the election of twenty-live
delegates to serve on the general com
mittee from each district. Only those
whose names appear on ihe enrollment
s will be permitted to vote, there
fore it will be seen that Buckley's pos
u of the <.n!y existing list of en
namea In the Twenty-eighth Dis
trict becomes at once a matter of very
serioufs importance to the Hayes faction.
Thus it was tnat when the leaders of
no factions met in the rooms of the
campaign committee last night those
among the Initiated at once began to
issue war bulletins.
Hayes began hostilities by calling Buck
ley a dog, a compliment that was returned
in kind, with a few additional oral gar
nishments too emphatic for publication.
i returned to the charge, and then
Buckley, abandoning diplomacy , swung
on his opponent and knocked hirr. against
a plate-glass mirror. Hayes lashed out
with his left and sm<«ti Buckley under
tile eye. After that it was give and take
until .some of the less timid ones, ••in
the interest of harmony," separated the
combatants and prevented further dam
age to person and property. Buckley still
retains possession of the enrollment sheet,
' thai premises much for the inter
est attached to to-morow's election in
Senator Braunhart's stronghold.
Last night's meeting of the campaign
committee waa for the purpose of deter
mining how the election oriicers in the
various districts should be appointed. It
was agreed that the members of the cam
paign committee should be authorized to
appoint election officers.
A CLEAN BUT DILL
FARCE-COMEDY
Poor Playwriting and a Tame
Star in "Delmonico's
at Six."
Melodrama of Many Crimes at Moros
co's— Old Bills at ;he Other
Theaters.
"Delmonico's at Six" Is the title of a
comparatively clean and innocuous, but
very foolish little farce which was
played at the Columbia Theater last
nipht, without either justifying Its exist
ence or explaining the stellar ambitions
of Mi.=s Marie Jansen. The main id- a in
the farce is not bad A middle-aged
physician tires of the trustfulness of his
wife and the peacefulness of his fireside
and determines to relieve the monotony
by making himself out to be a regular
devil. This he accomplishes by means of
a photograph with c bogus Inscription on
It and a spurious compromising letter.
Unconsciously ho is taking in vain the
name and features of a celebrated vaude
ville actress. Bbc learns of the plot and
turns up at Delmonico's punctually on
the hour of G (as per spurious letter),
bent on vindication and comic vengeance.
There is nothing electrically novel about
the idea, but with a little of the sensa
tionaJ invention that is denied it by the
author it might be made to serve for a
half hour of harmless fun. In Its ores
ent shape "Delmonico's at Six" is two
acts of utter vacancy and one (the last)
of belated and misdirected hustle. A star
of ten times the candle power, of Miss
Jansen might twinkle in it uns< en.
It seems almost Inevitable that the
comic opera favorites <>f New York
should take to the road and the center of
the stage just so soon as their metropoli
tan vogue begins to wane. Marie Jansen
cannot sing any better than many of the
little tdrls at the Tivoli, v,ho are glad to
be alive on incomes of jig a week; her
acting is of the defunct comic opera
Bcbool — mock-heroics am) Infantile drool
She has rather a pretty face and prettier
legs. 1 mention these latter not because
I nm an especially capable scrutator of
such members, but because In their day
they have rtood for a good deal of sensa
tional praise from the New York critics
and because they are strenuously insisted
upon In this performance.
With the exception of Jessie Bradbury,
who Is exorbitantly bad as a French maid
and preposterously good !n a bit of pop
ular song; and Elice Bertram, who Is
amiably Lyceum-like In. the part of sub
sidiary heroine, and Mack Charles, who
ha-s moments of cheerfulness as a Bowery
Sandow, the company is of an undis
turbed mediocrity. g.
BALDWIN.
"A Stranger In -\'ew York" entered Its
cocond and last week to light attendance.
Ferris H^rtman and his company are put
tine the final touches on "The Purser,"
which on Monday night at the Baldwin
will he pre.^nt^d for the first time to an
AmerJcitn audience.
ALCAZAR
"The Strange Adventures of Miss Brown"
has caught on and continues all of this
week at the Alcazar. Then comes "The
Gay Parisians." with L. R. StocKwell and
Howard Scott In the cast. At to-night's
WHEN SHALL THESE" THREE MEET AGAIN?
The five-masted schooner Louis, the pilot-boat Grade S and lightship No. 70 were all in a bunch yesterday,
Captain Jordan had just been transferred from the pilot-boat to the schooner and the latter was squaring
away for port when the snapshot from which the above was drawn was taken. The Louis went from the
Sound to Collao, Peru, with a cargo of lumber, and while there Captain Hatch died. First Mate Franz brought
the schooner to Portland and from Portland to San Francisco.
performance the Alcazar's new fireproof
curtain will be formally dropped. Its
subject Is "The Garden of Love, and it
has been painted by Stevens under the
direction of the house artist, Edward
Williams. In the foreground six pairs of j
lovers in pay attire pive reason for the I
title while in the background is b senti- j
mental bit of water view, and an old I
chateau almopt veiled in the luxuriant
foliage of the water's banks.
TIVOLI.
No successor to ihe Tivoli's Jolly Easter
burlesque. "Sinbad the Sailor." has been
appointed as yet. "Sinbad" seems good
for several weeks more. To-morrow night
the Bay City Wheelmen will attend in a
body In honor of "Bob" Mitchell, who is
an old member of their organization. The
Bay City March, composed by Wheelman
A. R. C'una, will be pla>eu by the Tivoii
orchestra.
ORPHEUM.
The Orpheum retains Its excellent Hyde
comedians until Sunday afternoon, when
the new bill will be presented. The per
formance is the same this week as last,
with the exception of several new songs
and a few variations in the turns.
CALIFORNIA.
There will be a fashionable crush at the
California to-morrow night to welcome
Melba in "Traviata." On Thursday night
Rossini's "Barber of Seville" will be
sung: on Saturday nifht ".Lucia" will be
the bill.
PASSION PLAY.
Last night commenced the second week
. of the cineomatographic reproductions of
; the "Passion Play" at the Young Men's
! Auditorium. The attraction has been
; strengthened by several new colored
views in addition to the 5000 feet of mov
ing films and the two uozen slides al-
I ready shown, and Mrs. John Morrisey has
j been engaged to sing and Herr Retdor of
New York to play upon the organ. Nearly
all the local clergy have attended and ap
! proved the entertainment.
SYMPHONY.
The following Is the complete pro
gramme of the symphony concert to De
given at the Tivoii on Thursday after
noon: Overture. "Hans Helling" (Marsch
ner): Symphony No. 4 (i . Zech Jr.);
Suite. Peer Gynt (Greig); Rhapsodic No.
1 (Liszt).
CHUTES.
The wild animals and the docile little
Cuban lady are 5...i the attractions at the
.Chutes. There is some new vaudeville in
'the free theater.
MORGSCO'S.
"The Diamond Breaker," a play with
! four acts and forty crimes to the aft.
was played at Morosco'a last night. There
were seventeen people and a coal crusher
in the east. The coal crusher did re
markably well, as it was the only thing
n:i the stage that had no lines to speak,
and consequently none to forget^
The play is of the kind known as a
i "mechanical drama.'' and its plot hinges
lon a young girl by the name of Rex
AJden, whose fath< r has been murdered,
thus leaving her mother a widow. This
young lady "starts" somewht're In the
■ mountains of Pennsylvania (where the
: Inhabitants, owing to their dual occu
i pation of mining coal and stilling whisky,
I are of an uncertain and cynical tempera
j mentj and sets the ball rolling by falling
jin love with a poor but handsome in
ventor, who tells her of his passion for
j her and, incidentally, assures her that
I he is just the sort of an individual that
! can be relied on in the hour of need. She
' receives his attentions with complaisaney,
: but informs him that for the present she
i cannot think of marrying him. as she has
; a little errand to perform, namely, the
detection Of the man who murdered her
father, and who she swears shall pay
the full penalty for his dastard act.
Now this young man is not the kind
' to see his girl go on an errand by her
self, so he starts to hunt up the unknown
! desperado on his own account. When
; the plot beuins to develon itself the
! casual spectator begins to wonder if the
: hero had any sort of an idea of the Job
:he undertook when he started. The girl
I leads him all over the mountains, where
| he is robbed and shot at; through an in
sane asylum, where he is forced to scrap
■ with the entire force of brutal assistants*
: Into a coal mine, where he is first dubbed*
with a (shovel and a lead pipe, and then
i thrown down a chute leading toward the
, machinery, and finally saved from a hor
: lible death by his sweetheart, who re
covers from being choked to death and
arrives, riding on a coal car, just in time
; to slide down a pole and rescue him
In the fourth act there is more villainy
which is brought to an end by the death
of the arch fiend from an electric shock
and the demise or Imprisonment of all
his associates. The hero, heroine and all
the miner heroes and heroinettes are
made proportionately happy. The a'ctine
tits the play.
"Charity*' His Subject.
The eloquent Paullst missionary, the
Rev. EL H. Younan, will lecture in St.
Francis Church, Vallejo street and Mont
g-omery siyenue, to-morrow evening, on
"Charity." The lecture is for the benefit
of St. Vincent de Paul Society, who look
after the poor of St. Francis parish
Father Younan leaves for New York ori
April 21. and this will be the last oppor
tunity of hearing the reverend gentleman
on this coast.
The Bondsmen Now Suffer.
Suit was commenced yesterday in the
: name of the city and county to recover
I $2000 from Thomas King and Philip Reich
■ *; rt \) vh , OTO T 1 ? 1 surctv on a bond given by
A. M. Holliday, who was arrested on a
; charge of obtaining money by false Dre
■ UU u St ' S fi Holli , tla >' disappeared ' from the
city after being released on bonds, and
the police have thus far been unable to
1 locate him.
If President McKinley to-day
signs the resolutions adopted by Con
gress, the fact will not only be an
nounced on all The Call bulletin
boards, but will be signaled by hoi t
ing the national flag in the place of
The Call flag on the Claus Spreckels
building. If the signature is not
given until to-night, it will be sig
naled by a display of red fire from
the Jantern for an hour. Watch for
the signals.
DIED.
SCHULZ— In this city, April 19, 1593 Carl
Schuiz, nolovnd husband of Mrs Louisa
Schulz, father of Oretchen Herby, Fritz Paul
Max, Otto and Ernst Schu.z. Born at Duei
seldorf, Germany, Dec«mb«r 27, 1&28.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, APRIL 19, 1898.
WHERE IS THE
BARK MIDAS?
Underwriters and Ship
ping Men Fear for Her
Safety.
She Was Out In the Storm That
Nearly Wrecked the Bark
Willscott.
Gold-Hunters From All Parts oT the
Union Are Engaging Passage
to Kotzebue.
It Is feared in shipping circles that the
British bark Midas, now out sixty-five
days from Nagasaki, Japan, has gone
down with all hands. Six vessels that
sailed fom the Orient the same time and
later than the Midas have arrived at
their destination, discharged their cargoes
and, In some instances, gone to sea again.
The "Willscott, that sailed eight days be
fore her, had to put in here in distress.
She was caught In a terrific storm and
dismasted, while the Puritan, which sailed
thje same day as the Midas, was also
caught in the Willscott's gale, but has
reached Portland in safety.
The following vessels made the run from
Japan to coast ports in from twenty-four
to thirty-six days. The Barmbeg left
Hlogo on February 15 and the Pass of
Lenig on February 21: the Amazone left
Yokohama on March 7 and the Nomea on
March 10, while the Mistley Hall left
Nagasaki on .February 27 and the Se
mantha on the same day. In view of these
facts, it is no wonder, then, that shipping
and insurance men are anxious about the
Midas.
The anxiously looked for tramp steamer
Venus arrived from Hongkong via Yoko
hama yesterday morning with the yellow
flag Hying. On the way to Yokohama Chief
Engineer Peter Harvey was taken sick,
and when the vessel put in at Nagasaki
he was put ashore, suffering from small
pox. During the run to San Francisco
Chief Steward Horace Brown was taken
sick, and was still confined to his room
when the vessel came to an anchor. Dra.
Hill and Rosenau ordered the Venus into
quarantine, where she will be thoroughly
fumigated, after which she will dock.
The Venus took the place of the Coptic
for this trip. The latter vessel was dis
abled in a hurricane, and had to dock at
Hongkong for repairs. It snowed during
almost the entire trip of the Venus. She
brought no passengers, but has an un
usually heavy cargo, among which is 115,
000 mats of rice.
Fred Ga-^t, a Bailor on the British bark
Bocotro, lost his life from Green-street
wharf early yesterday morning. He and
Charles Dahlgren started f"r the vessel
about 1 a. m., and while looking for the
ship's boat Gast stumbled over some
lumber and fell overboard. In his fall he
must have struck the raft of piles that is
lying In the slip between Green and
Vallejo streets and sunk. His remains did
not come to the surface, and all that
could be found after a most diligent
Bearch was his hat.
The tug Vigilant is back among the
Spreckels fleet again, and Captain John
Bilovlch is once more happy. There
was a hitch over the price of the vessel,
anil Mr. Spreckels was only too glad to
get his vessel back again.
Captains Fulton and Mclntyre changed
steamers yesterday. Captain Johnson
went from the Fulton to the Hueneme
and Captain Mclntyre went from the Hu
eneme to the Fulton.
The. Mare Island and Vallejo steamer
Monticello is to be laid up for a few days,
and the tug Sea Queen will take her place.
The Monticello is to have her guards ex
tended and other repairs made which will
make her a first-class sea boat.
F. Clark, a waiter employed at a rest
aurant on Pine street, met with a pecu
liar accident yesterday, and had his
wounds treated at the Harbor Receiving
Hospital by Dr. Green. Just as Clark was
making for the glass swinging door with
a trayful of orders In 'his hands a diner
in a hurry, flung the door open, and
Clark's bead went clean through it. He
was very badly cut by the broken glass,
and a dozen stitches had to be taken. in
his scalp by Dr. Green.
Captain Whitesides of the bnrk North
ern Light nearly broke his leg yesterday,
and, as it is, he will have to go aroun.l on
crutches for several days. A number of
piles to be used in the foundation of a
building on East street were lying on the
street. They were wet and slippery, hav
ing been just drawn from the hay Cap
tain Whitesides attempted to walk over
instead of around them, and in conse
quence got a very ugly fall. The genial
- ADVERTISEMENTS.
■^4^y4^c- Fl FPTRIP RFI T^
K^vAv ( /■' \ - / Ijjfjffl Are pood things If properly made, but some of
'fflrFSSSainmin^. \/ / __^L^%c&Ua the things which are sold as Electric belts"
II "jro* ; T£*T^* i ?ilf^? f 1 ii afflP ' at hlßh Prices by uniirinelp,ed quarks are
' • actually not worth 5 cents apiece.. If you want
-^.vT7Wi2iS^&^-^^yifcya^Z- . il : "" l! belt, onp to last a reasonable length of
' // ?^V AT£ NW>CAsr^^/^WC^' " ' time, and fill ■ you with Electricity from the
'/ / ■ ' f\-' ~ ' ' ?r\\ ' ■ -soles of your, feet to the top of your head,
=*/ \*- m-a-r a , you MUST have ''**< Pierces 1 ," for it is the
*r| J- I^— ■ufc.BT and Is warranted to be exactly as represented.
<**Ao*f r ~~ '**■<*£ ESTIM P N JALS we have enough of . to fill this entire
'/YV*^ -n ew »Paper.-.'.Send for our. Free Book. No. 2. It givey price list
'1 for yourself about ■'"•' Or. call at office and examine the goods
. for yourself.
BUT BE SURE YOU : • •
BUY NO BELT TILL YOU SEE DR. TIERCE'S.
IF RUPTURED, ask also for our latest "PAMPHLET No. 1."
ADDRESS, or call on the •
Pierce Electric Co., 620 Market St.,
OPP. PALACE HOTEL, S. F. -
SEATTLE OFFICE-Sulllvaa block, 712 First aye., Seattle.. Wart.;; . ' . ,
Bklpper stands 6 feet 4 Inches In his stock
ings, so the fall was a serious one, not
only fpr his leg and arm, but also for his
dignity.
People from all parts of the Union are
going- to the Kotzebue Sound gold fields
on the barkentine Jane A. Falkinburg.
Among those who have taken passage
are L. and S. Thomas of Michigan, S. B.
Roberts of lowa, George I. and R. E.
Reeves of Indiana. Nels Kst, Louis Lar
een and Louis Hill of Kentucky: Clarence
and Chnrlea F. Maxson and George H.
Lewis of New York, a party of three
from the Brush Manufacturing Company
of San Francisco; Ollf P. Anderson of
Stanislaus County; Preston R. Davis,
County Surveyor of Santa Rosa, and hia
son, J. W. Davis; James A. Shaw, a large
vineyardlst of Sonoma; J. N. Henahaw,
Sonoma; C. M. Tozer of Tulare; AY. Getz
and R. Johnson of San Francisco; Alex
ander and J. M. Campbell, J. W. Bowles.
J. H. Elkington of Fresno: J. J. Skofield
of Tuolumno; Henry Johnson of Stanis
laus: W. C. Larcom of San Jose; J. L.
Chase and George Webb of Wyoming, and
Charles McAllister and O. Rowland of
San Francisco. •
C. D. Lane. Louis Lane and S. H. How
lnml of San Francisco have also pur
chased their tickets, and are going to take
up tho stenm-launch Fancy with them
Sbe is 2.8 feet long and 6 feet broad, and
Mr. Lane intends to prospect every creek
that runs into the Kubuck River. The
fine river steamer Kotzobuo, that is to
carry the other passengers, is almost
completed, and will be launched In a few
days.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
J. S. Mcßride of San Jose is at the
I.ick.
H. W. Walker, from Willows, Is at tho
Grand.
Dr. S. A. Deual, from Vanecia, Is at the
Grand.
C. H. Phillips of San Jose Is at tho Oc
cidental.
Jackson Hatch of San Jose Is at the
Baldwin.
E. B. Stowe, from Stockton, Is at the
California.
J. 11. Pierce of Buffalo is registered at
the Palace.
T. K. Beard, from Modesto, is a guest
at the J,ick.
Harry Corson Clarke and wife are at
the Baldwin.
J. M. Sims of Honolulu is registered at
the Occidental.
George H. Cms*, from Boston, is a
guest at the Palace.
Charles B. Eddy of New Mexico Is a
guest at the Palace.
Mr. and Mrs. A\ . O. Oliver of Chicago
are at the California.
Mr. and Mrs. W. M. Mlssen of Salem,
N. C, are at the Grand.
H. B. Clawson, a capitalist from Salt
Lake City, is at the Palace.
"What la this?"
asked the confi
dence man of the
waiter at the free
lunch counter as
lie brought over
his 5 cent steam
and reached for a
OF INTEREST
TO ALL
NATURALISTS.
plate on which he proceeded to heap a
quarter's worth of food. "That," replied
the chef, "is a new dish called raw fish
and mitte harrle. The raw fish Is com
posed principally of fish and the mltte
harrie Is a sauce made of salt water,
lime juice ami eocoanut milk. Try some?"
"1 don't mind if I do. I never heard of
this particular dish before." he proceeded,
ns be Started to pile enouph to make a
middleweight whale on his plate, "but
I have tasted some queer things in my
time.
"I remember when I was connected with
| the diamond mines in South America I
used to consider myself quite a gourmet,
j and never let slip an opportunity of try
' Ing my taste on something new. I went
through the whole gamut of South Amer
ican delicacies from plain beans cooked In
Jaguar fat to fancy butterflies brochette,
j but I think the most toothsome morsel
I ever ran across was a spare rib from
the fourth Quarter of a boa constrictor
i that I shot myself while out blrdsnest
1 ing in the Andes at a place called High
Rail, some 7000 feet above the sea level.
We merely smeared the meat over with
a little juice obtained by crushing some
leaves of the Pampata and, sticking: it
on the end of a native lance, allowed it
to slowly broil over the camp fire. And,
upon my word. 1 don't believe I ever
tasted anything half so sweet in all my
experience."
"I c.in readily believe that." said the
quiet man at the other end of the Junch
counter, who had been takinp in the' con
versation. "But, if you will pardon me
for saying so, there is one thing which
seems rathor strange to me and which
I would like you to explain. Where is
the fourth auarter on a snake to be
found?"
"1 am glad you asked," replied the con
fidence man, "as I always like to be the
means of giving information to those who,
probably, have not had the same oppor
tunities of picking up knowledge by
travel that have been mine. The fourth
quarter of a snake, sir, is always to be
found about midway between the third
and fifth Quarters, and runs directly
along the spine from top to bottom."
"Of course, how foolish of me not to
have known that," said the aulet one.
"I thank you, sir, for your kindness.
Won't you have something to drink?"
Mr. and Mrs. John Jacob Otter of
Louisville, Ky., are at the Palace.
Dr. S. B. Swift, a prominent physician
of ferndale, is a guest at the Occidental.
Mr. and Mrs. J. C. Tobin have come
up from Burlingame and are staying at
the Palace.
J. W. F. Diss, a wealthy merchant of
San Bernardino, is at the California, ac
companied by his wife.
Mr. and Mrs. Joshua Gregg and family
of Cleveland 0., are among yesterday's
arrivals at the Occidental.
Robert Nixon Jr., of the Yreka Journal,
is down on a business trip to the city. He
is registered at the Grand.
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Bodman of New
York are staying at the Palace while on
a visit of pleasure to the coast.
Richard Whito, editor of the Gazette of
Montreal, Canada, arrived at the Palace
last night. He is on a tour of the West
ern States, and will leave for Dome on
Thursday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
■ 1 /ifflLiil?jVi|j| ' jjlH 1 1 \i> />/ > V I {."tAttj. HJlol
It gains your favor instan-
r taneously by reason of its
high merits and holds it
with a firm grip.
•
\Xl.Blatz Brewing Cd.
MILWAUKEE. U.S.A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale "
Dealers, 4 J6-4JS Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
SUPPLIES
; F « KLONDIKE
I should Include
!; BORDEN'S
j Peerless Brand
EVAPORATED CREAM
III I UNSWEETENED
I The high reputation for keeping )
J qu!ity is already well estab- \
•'1 lished; hence, no experiment. I
] ' NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO.
1 JOE POHEIM ;
M THE TAILOR
v^l^VSl The best fitting clothes and
/Vr wel ii\ : tn * best quality clothes at'
\b|ll prices 20 per cent, less than \
■ \\ijjjja'M asked by any other tailoring
\Sr» establishment on Pacific Coast.
' 5H| ■ PRICT-S BELOW;
35 / iJI'T ' PANTS OOIT»
W^ljljjj I TO ORDEH TO ORDER |
'If i £==. I
■j± I} 110 -"-""^ ,5.00 I
1! |L 9 00 3 °'°°
V 201-203 riontgomery St. *
The largest tall- • 844-846 Market St. j
oring establish- 1110-1112 Market St. \
ment on Pacific „.., _ Akl ricrr\ r- « 1 '
Const. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL. ,
DR.MCNULTY:
'prn<* ■.vet.l known and rkliabt.k or.ti
-.•I Special istcHrc.T I'rlvatP.Nprvons, Blood anil Bkln
. Discuses of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
■lOymirsVxpprieiice. Send for Book, i rep. iVtlcnts
enrcdat Home. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9to 3
,rtally;6:;iO toB.Boev'n. ftendays, 10 to 12. Coiir'jlW-
llou free and sacredly confidential. Call oraddresa
P. ROS<OE McJVBLTT. MI).,
'■iC\ UcaiitT Street, San Franvitco. C'ai,
•'jg^' WONG WOO,
P^» CHINESE TEA AND HERB
'fejP. J SANITARIUM,
fj£^|. 778 CLAY ST., Ban Franciece, Cal.
All diseases cured exclusive-
WffSTzi OTV ly by Chinese herbs, over 3000
*&m % ■"■' varieties belnu used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours, i»:S0 to 11 a. m., 1 to 3 and 7to
! p. m.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a i/owenui i.hruu.slau tiud specuic tunic
(or the sexual and urinary organs oC . both
(exes, and a great remedy for diseases of. tha
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
lnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own j
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUME, Agents.
121 Market Street. S.__P.<-(Send for Circular.)
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD
■ Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
19, ISO 7. . -
. . WEEK DAYS. ,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •7:2s,*9:3o,
11:30 a. m. *1:45r. 3:45, »5:lo, 6:00, " 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael -on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
.. SUNDAYS.,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »S:oo. »10:00
•11-30 a. m.; 1*1:15, 3:00,1*4:30, -6:15 p. m. .
. Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. ;
.7:25 a.' m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
■ tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way.. stations; 8:00 a. m.
v Sundays for. Point Reyes and , way stations.
Jf^^sY^^-f^^ The Pets Of Every Klondike Camp.
ll^^^k^"^^^. No outfit complete without one.
g^©4fe^^gL Strong-, light-weight models
l\(^M^/r^\ for miners. Send name and
ffe^ f^\ M. address on a postal card for
f^^^^r^^^^TM I 4S ~ pa £ c illustrated cata-
il§i||!|j! r i§>M Winchester Repeating Arms Co.
?^%s« V \y NEW haven » conn.
illlilSltill Wh«Wv!L«*"r 418 Market st -» san F rancJsco > Cal -
I " - ' fl
i
■ ?^ £!^ &
™ • ' . *
Farmer : This is the third time since Spring you
have lost your time because you don't feel
well enough to work. If you will buy
some Ripans Tabules and take one at
night, or one after each meal for a day
or two, you'll be all right, and stay so,
rtoo, if you take one when you notice that
you begin to feel bad. I don't use a
dozen a year, but I always keep them in
the house.
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCU and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 :a. m. 12:35,
3:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursday — Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. ■ Saturdays — Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— S:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. : 1:30, 3:30,
6:00. 6:20 p.- m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:ln, 3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips
at 1:55 and 6:25 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:40,
£:00. C:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave in »fl-A-»'- ■ Arrtre
Pan FrauclBca | Cot ii' ■ f an Fra ncls«x
Week I Sun- I r^Bt^-i'tlrm Sun- I Wee '
L-aya. ] days, "catinatloa daya ,' | flaya .
1 :50i1.m. IS :00a.m. "l r Novato, 10:.t0n,.m. ' 8:40.1.m.
ii: Sop.m. M :30a.m. I Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
It p.m. :00p.m. Santa Rosa. 7:35 p.m. i ti:£2p.m.
7 30a.m. Fulton, ~~
Windsor, 10:35 a.m.
Healdsbur?,
JLytton,
Geyservllle,
":30p.m. S:Coa.'m. Cloverdale. j 7:3.5 p.m. • 6:22t>.m.
| lUopland and 1
7:SOa.m.|S-Ooa.m.| UkKlh. ! 7:35 p.m. 6:32 p.m.
1 :Soa.m. j 10:35 a.m.
:00a.m. GuernevUle. \ 7:85 p.m.!
8:o0p.m. ■-•■■, ■ |__ 6:33 p.m.
'. bOu.m. :ooa.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. b:4Ja.m.
anti
6 :10p.m. [5 :00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :boa.rr..js:Uoa.m.) «,. bastc . Ilo:ioa.m.]lo:2s:i.m
S :50p.m. Js:Wp.m. I fceoastopoL (7:35p-m|( 7:35p-m | 7 :2 2p. m
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at L'kiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Lierley's. Buck-
nell'S, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Hoonville,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort
Braes, Westport, Usal. ■ ..
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— Market ; street, Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER. "-.: . '■ R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
[mm I *^Tl rATIFHRNIA
SANF %N CISCO
HK^fejfcal|- CHICAGO.
Leaves San Francisco nt 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge. . , ■
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawlng-Rcom Sleepers.
S}4 days to Chicago. 4% days to New York.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m.. carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars on
.fast time. Direct connc 1 1 in Chicago and
•Kansas City for all Eastern points.
i Trains arrl- -- and depart frem Market-street
Ferry. San Fran sco ticket office. 6.1 Market
i et £? et< X Chronicle building. Telephone Mala
1520. Oakland office. Ills Broadway Sacra-
mento office, 201 J street. BaT .Jose. 7 West 1
Santa Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQO
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1597. trains will run as
tollows:
From September 10, lt;»7, trains will run a3
follows: ■ :
Southbound. ■ . I .. Northbound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Stations Sunday _er
Daily. Excepted Excepted Dally
7:20 a.m. S.OO a.m. Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
6:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m.] Merced j 12:50 p.m. S:.">3ii.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. j Fresno 9:30 a.m. 2:20 o.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hair. nil; 9:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m.| 645 p.m.! Visalia | 6:40 a.m. 1 12 :40 p.m.
Stopping at intermediate points when re-
quired. . . " , ....
Connections-^At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. '& I. Co., lenvins: San Francisco and
Stockton -at 6 p. m. : daily; at Merced with
stages to and from Snellings.-Coulterville, etc. ;
also with stage 7 for Horn itoa, : Marlposa. etc. :
at Xankershim with stage to and from ilaJera.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
BAILBO AD TRAVEL.
■OVTIIKRN r»(in< conrAHT.
(PAOiriU UVMI-ltM.)
: Trains Irnvr winl mm «lv«- to «rrlte Ml
MAM rit4>«i.s«o. - " «
(Maiii Line, Foot of Market Street) *
Lbavb — From April 10. 1898. — ARRl_r~
•oToda Niles. K:t7T Jose and Way Stations... •M:l3*.
7:OOa Ifeiiicia. Suiguu and Sacramento 1 0:45 a,
?:OOa. MarysTil'.c, Oroville&nd Keddiiig via
WoodlaflO 5-.-irsp
7:«Oa VaoaTQle and Rurc3ey 8:43r
I::i;>,\ M^rti-107.. San lt»mon, Vallejo. Kapa,
Cali'togn and Santa Rosu 6:15p
8:00 a Atlantic Impress, Uj.icn and Kast.. H:t:>e
*iHOa M..-N. Sail .linn, Titovktoii, lone,
Sacramento, MnijsviiK 1 , CUico,
IVhamaandltr.l ftiiilT 4:l."lp
•8:30 a Fetors, Milton and Oakdale *7:lir
l»:<n»A New Orleans K«pre«», Merced, Ray-
mond, I'lMno, i:akcrslifiil. s»ntn
Harlwra, Ixw An,ilw, I)en.ii
El l'wii, K<»- Orleans and Kost. 0:4.1»
•:OOa Vsllfjo, Martinez, Msrcud and
Frc-jno 18:15P
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Stennierii 'UiOOr
l:OOr Niles, San Joite and Way Btatlon«.. »»:4»a.
!::£«: Martir.ez and Way Stations 7:45?
. SS:UOi> Livrrniore, Mondota, Uaiifi>rd and
ViibUa 4:15»
, Livtniiure, Ban Jose, Niles and Way
Stations 0:15 a
4iOOp Martinez. Han Ramon, Viillejo,
;--;... Nhph. <:»llKtoga, El Verano and l
*■ Sitntn Itnm »ilO*
«iOOr Banida, Va-kTflle, Woodland,
KnigliU tending, MarysTille, Oro-
viil. and Snc-iniiieiitt 10:40*
l:3'»p Kiles. Han Juse, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13/
4:30f Latltrcii, Moil.sto, Merced, B. r -nda,
Freenci, Mojare (for Randsbiurg),
Saul* liai'Wa ami I .on Amki'l-h.. 7>43_
4i3op.Simln l\i iconic, Atlantic Kxpreai
for MojaT« ami Kwit 6:43r
Hs:Bop " Bunse' Limited." Jx>? Aiifideß, HI
Taso, Fort Worth, Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and Kaat § 10: 1 ■"> a
" Sunset Limited Annex," El P»ao,
New Orleans and B_st §1O:I3_
OiOOp Knrotxwu Mail, Ogilen and Kaat o:4.'>a
«:O«P ll»yi™.l«, Nil. -mud Nun .lone 7:45 a
tSiOOr Vallej 17:43p
8:1M» r Ore-ou l'.«tircNB,B»critiiiento. MBrjd-
ville. Ituddllig, l'oitland, l'nget
> Nwnmlaiwl Hut...; 8»1«A
KAN JiEA.NDUO AM) lIAYtVAKOS l.Ot A l..
( Foot of Market Street.)
<»O:OOa") ( 7.15 a
8:(»oa Melrone, Seminary Park, t»a:45 A
iS.ooa Kltchbur^Elmhurst, lYilst
tlI:OOA Sail liea-ilro, South San 12:45p
t1 . 2 . *.°. 1 ! Le«ndro,atndlllo . |.!«5
lliNl )■ Lorenzo, Cherry ■ H:«sp
4:« Op * (3:45p
, 5:0 Op ami- 6: lop
5:30 p H»] wards. _»§»*
7:«0p J fr:45 F
S'!!!! P i Rim* through to Nilei. O:4Sp
»:OOp | From K!lm 10.-SOP
Him.-,,. ltr " m * ™- f [ n ia:oo r
" tU AM DIVISION (Narrow (iauge).
(Foot of Market Street.)
(7:43 a H&r ta Cruz Kxcnrsion, Santa Cruz
and Principal Way Sta' ions J9iO3p
8:15 a NeiTatk,Cei:tenfnie,S*uJo«e,Felton.
I'.n 1 ciirCr. Cruz and Way ■"^ ■-■
Stations 8" 30 '
•2:1 3p Newark, CeuterTille, San Jose, New .'
Aimaden, I— ton, BouMer Creek, ,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way .
Stations M 01304
4:l. "ip San Joeeai «1 Cl,-nwood 9:80 a
04:15? [{.uildi-r Creek Mid Santo Cruz J'J:2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
7romS»« TRISCISCO— Foot or Hariri Street (Slip 8) —
•7:15 9:00 ll:0lU.M. 11:00 *2:00 : t3:00
M:C3 12:00 . •6:00r.M.
rr»m n»s:.AND- Foot ol 3io.lw»t.— '6*o 3:00 10:00 a.m.
112:03 *l:03 t3:CO '3:00 H--C9 -3:03p.»i.
' COAST Pi VISION 1 llroaiu. r 5
(Third and Townseml Sty)
. • 7:«Oa San .liwe bhil Way Sl.>it.i..ng (New
AliuaJpn Wednesdays only). li3or
t7:HOA Sunday ElCDntoll for Ban Jose,
nt-i Cruz, Pacific Grove 1 and -
Principal Way Stations | }S:3sp
9:004 >. .)(inu, Trea Piiiua, SitnU t.'nn
l'ncillo <;i.n,-. l'_»o i:,, 1,1,3, San
I .ids (>liia|Mi, Guiidaluiie, Surf and
]'iincl|<!il \V;ij SUtliina ; 4»lOp
lOiIOa miv .lniieaiu\ Way si.:iMniis *JI:OOa
I liSOa Han J-bo an.) Way HtaMnns. *S:33*
*3:43i-Siin Uaten, Redwood, Mcnlo Fork,
Banta Clara, Sun .lone, Gilroy,
Holliater, --.Santa- Or:ir, S?linas,
Mi.nifi.y and I'acilic Ur«—^ *I0:83a
*8:SOr San.)iMp.' ■ " " ' -
nn<l Way SUltons... »0:0« a
•4:15r San. lose ami Principal Way .Sfallons 9:43.v
I *3:o<»ps)an Jo?- and Principal Way Station* «.-:Ma
s:s«t* .Sun .line ,,., Principal Way Slutious 3:^t<->
«::t»i- San .lost! iiml Way Stiiiiims 7-Hli;-
)ll:43r San .lot- hih! Way .St:qi..ii» 7::i«p
A for Morning. ' ~ V fur Afternoon.
• Biin:Uv* oice|>le.l ♦ Sundays unly. 1 Saturdays only
it Mo: day. Thursday and Saturday uigbta only.
«f Thursdays. a gaturdsya and Sunday*.
9 B-tnrdaj-. JBuiKiaya and ilon-lny*
— ~-L
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via sausalito . ry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
13. ■ 1897:
Week Days— a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
THOS. COOK & SON. Azenta. C2l Market
street. San Francisco. - ■
. : : . \AI. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNSY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, - Room". 1015, Claus Spreckela lildg.
. Telephone Bran 931.
! Residence, 821 California street, below Powell.
, San Francisco. ■ -