VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO 105.
CUTTER BEAR BACK FROM THE
ARCTIC WITH RESCUED WHALERS
When, iate in October of last year, the startling and appalling news was brought to this city
the whalers Belvedere, Jessie H. Freeman, Rosario and Orca were imprisoned in the impenetrable
the Arctic, near Point Barrow, and that the scores of men aboard them were in danger of perish
ing from lack of food and supplies necessary to enable them to withstand the rigors of an Arctic win
?r. The Call immediately made application to the authorities at Washington to send an expedition to
the relief of the endangered vessels of the whaling fleet and their ciews.
.The reply came back that such an expedition could not be fitted out without an appropriation by
Dngress for the purchase of the food, clothing and other supplies that were considered absolutely
necessary under the circumstances.
Without wasting further time either in argument or appeal The Call notified the authorities that
jf the vessel were furnished by the Government The Call would supply all the necessary provisions,
STRIKING INCIDENTS AND ACCIDENTS CONNECTED WITH TtfE CUTTER BEAR'S RELIEF EXPEDITION.
RELIEF SHIP
CASTS ANCHOR
IN NEAH BAY
BY LIEUTENANT E. P. BERTHOLF, U. S. R. M. S.
ABOARD THE ARCTIC RELIEF
STEAMSHIP BEAR, NEAH BAY,
Wash., Sept. 12, via Port Angeles.— The
Bear has just arrived here on her re
turn from the expedition for the relief
of the whaling vessels that were caught
In the ice last fall in the Arctic Ocean.
Fhe has on board Lieutenants Jarvis
and Bertholf and Dr. Call, composing
the relief party, and ninety-one mem
bers of the crews of the vessels that
were wrecked, including the crew of
the schooner Louise J. Kenney, nine
In all. The Kenney was driven ashore
at Point Hope last spring.
We are bound for Seattle instead of
San Francisco, as was the department's
Intention last fall, when the Bear left
on her trip north, and the shipwrecked
men will be landed there. Most of
The San Francisco Call
them are in a destitute condltio'n, hav
ing little or no wages coming to them,
and being badly off for clothing. Some
of them are still wearing skin clothes,
having nothing else, and nearly all are
wearing skin boots. The Bear took up
a supply of underclothes, but she had
no outer clothes on board, and although
the officers of the vessel gave all
theirs they could spare, that supply
was inconsiderable, and did not begin
to go round.
When the men came aboard the Bear
after she reached Cape Smyth there
were 119 in all. Twelve of these ex
changed places with a like number
from the Fearless and eighteen shipped
on other vessels of the whaling fleet.
Two shipped on the Morning Light at
Kotzebue Sound, six shipped on some
SAN FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
of the Yukon River steamers when
they reached St. Michael and two oth
ers shinned on the English ship Illala
at Dutch Harbor, thus leaving ninety
one now aboard.
There have been no casualties on the
trip down, although several of the men
are sick, having developed different
diseases on the vessels they came from.
The Kenney referred to as having
been ashore at Point Hope was a trad
ing schooner and had anchored off
Point Hope on the 13th of August. On
the 18th a southwest gale sprang up
and the following day she dragged her
anchor until the cables parted and she
finally went ashore on the 19th. When
we reached there she had been dragged
a wreck and sold and we took the offi
cers and crew aboard.
Besides the loss of the Orca and Frse
man last fall, an account of which the
readers of The Call have already had,
the schooner Rosarlo was the only
other vessel that was crushed In the
Ice. The other vessels — the Newport,
Jeanette, Fearless and Belvedere— are
all out and either on their way down
or have continued on their whaling
cruise. The Wanderer, which went
into Tlerschel Island last fall when she
found she could not get out, was known
to be safe but had not put in an ap
pearance when we left Cape Smyth on
the 16th of August.
We have aboard Captain Newth of
the Jeanette, who was taken sick at
Cape Smyth and decided to come down,
turning his vessel over to Thomas Ellis,
clothing, food and everything else the Government was not in a position to supply without action by
Congress.
Word came afterward that another department than that originally applied to could supply the
requisites for this humanitarian enterprise. But when the expedition was being prepared it was learned
that the Government officers were unable to provide the proper kind of food and clothing.
Again The Call stepped into the breach and made good every deficiency, in order that the rescu
ers might go adequately equipped in every particular.
At an expense of something like $8000 to The Call the Bear's equipment for the purpose of her
voyage was rendered as nearly perfect as human foresight and energy could make it. Besides this The
Call supplied a surgeon in the person of Dr. Woodruff to care for the sick, and also contributed medi
cines and surgical instruments.
With the return of the Bear to safety with nearly 100 of the rescued whalers, the full fruition
of the glorious expedition which originated with The Call has been recorded.
who had been first mate of the Orca,
and Charles Brower, manager of Llebes
& Co.'s whaling station at Point Smyth.
We left St. Michael on August 26,
but we have been delayed by an almost
continuous succession of storms and
head winds and we have had a rough
and rather a long passage down. "We
will probably reach Seattle In about
eighteen hours from now.
THE BEAR ALMOST
LOST IN THE ICE
Imprisoned For Days With
All of the Rescued
Whalers Aboard.
Was Caught tn the Jam and
Damaged, and Preparations
Were Made to Desert
the Ship. •
By Lieutenant John O. Berry, U. 8. R. C. 8.
CAMP SMITH, Point Barrow, Aug.
12, via Victoria, B. C, Sept 12.— With
all the shipwrecked sailors on board
the Bear is lying jammed in the ice off
Point Barrow as solidly as any of the
vessels here have been Jammed during
the winter. We arrived here on the
26th of July, got nipped between the
shore ice and the drift, backed up by
the pack, on August 2, and are now
waiting as patiently as may be, ready
to steam out should occasion offer:
ready to go ashore and wait for the
customary Arctic relief expedition for
the relief of the first Arctic relief expe
dition if it should turn out that way.
We have a large supply of provisions
on deck, ready to dump them on the ice
if we are crushed. Our propeller is
Jammed so that it cannot be moved and
the ship herself Is Immovably fixed in
the Ice. We cannot budge her an Inch
with all the lines we have.
We left St. Michael on July 7. Father
Barnum, a Jesuit missionary from the
Yukon River, came with us as a guest
of Captain Tuttle. He is on his way to
the States, but before going down ,he
wished to see something of the •nm'th
ern part of Alaska. I never knew a
better shipmate than Father Barnum.
On the night of July 3 the icepack
swung In toward the point. The Rosa
rio was fast in the ice and apparently
with a good chance of getting out. She
lay about a mile and a half to the
southward and about two miles to the
westward of the Hook off Point Bar
row. Nothing had disturbed her dur
ing the whole winter and spring. But
when the pack ice came In the light ice
outside of her began to pile up and
slide one piece over another. Nearer
and nearer It came, silently but Irre
sistibly. Then the stern was slowly
raised, the ice generally sliding under
ContlmWtfcn Second Page.
RAMMED HER
WAY THROUGH
THE ICE FLOES
How the Plucky Bear Escaped
prom \\<zr Prisor) in tl)e
Arctic.
Days Spent in an Attempt to Pierce trje
Crystal Wall Tr;at Encircled the
Vessel.
BY JOHN G. BERRY, U. S. R. C. S.
ABOARD THE ARCTIC RELIEF
STEAMSHIP BEAR, off Cape Blossom,
Kotzebue Sound, Aug. 21, via Victoria,
B. C, Sept. 12. — When I wrote
from Cape Smith the Bear was
Imprisoned in the Arctic ice
with little or no prospect of getting out.
On August 14, two days after I wrrte,
there were indications that the ice
might clear out. The current off
shore acted on by a moderate southwest
wind, began to run to the northward
at the rate of one or two knots an hour.
That means that between twenty-four
and forty-eight - M es of ice t ould move
by in a day. By the night of the 14th
the southern horizon looked as if there
were water instead of ice under it, and
on the morning of the 15th the open
water reached as far as we could see
from the south to the north, even past
Point Barrow; yet the Bear and the
Jeannette were packed in as immovably
as ever. Clear water lay within two
hundred yards of us, but the drift ice
in the little harbor where we lay would
not budge.
The wind hauled to the northeast and
we thought it might carry the lac out
into the current, but it did not). We
could see, however, that the ice might
be cleaned out if we could start the
outside pieces and then gradually work
in toward the ships, so the Fearless, at
Captain McKenna's own volition, and
the Newport, at Captain Tuttle's re
quest, found a passage around the
south of the shore floe and tried to
haul out some of the key pieces that
were wedging the ice in upon us. Heavy
ice soon began to break off from the
floe and they got out of the way, hav
ing been able to do nothing. The next
morning the Newport came up to help
us.
— Meanwhile the ice tiad cleared away
so that we had open water within fifty
yards outside of us. The ice had stack
ed up so that we were able to haul the
ship forward about four feet. Then we
moved the propeller slowly and finally
got it clear with ice chisels. Then we
moved back and forth in the little hole
that we had made for ourselves, enlarg-
ing it little by little.
At 7 a. m. the Jeanette got clear and
steamed out. She anchored with the
Fearless about five miles to the south
ward, inside the protection of the
ground ice.
Meanwhile we had a party out on the
ice blasting some of the outer pieces.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
The Newport made fast to one of the
cakes, tried to pull it out but parted
the line. Then we blew it out with
gunpowder, but it floated back again.
The Newport was just heading in to
ram it when the Bear made one final
effort and pushed her way out into
the open water, narrowly escaping be
ing rammed by the Newport, which
sheered off Ju t in time. Picking up
the men on the ice, we steamed down
and anchored near the Fearless and
Jeanette. We got clear of. the ice just
at noon.
That night we gave fifteen tons of
coal to the Fearless, which hauled
alongside of us. The Jeanette, in com
mand of Cap*iin Thomas Ellis,
steamer! off to go to Herschell Island,
whaling and trading. Captain Newth,
who had commanded her thus far, hav
ing become 111, came aboard the Bear
to go home. He has since recovered
under the care of Dr. Call.
The Newport started southward, but
anchored about seven miles away. On
the morning of the 17th the Fearless
went down inside tho shore Jce to Join
the Newport. Soon the Bear started
down outside the floe. There was clear
water inside, but the ice began to get
thicker where we were so we tried to
get down inside ourselves. We soon
got agTound, h "•ever, and had to back
out. We went out into fairly thick ice
which soon opened, leaving the way
practically clear for us as far as the
Sea Horse Islands. Reaching there at
night we found the whalers Newport,
Fearless, Karluk, Alexander, Bowhead,
William Baylies and the Belvedere,
which had been down to Port Clarence
after coal. The schooner Bonanza, with
supplies for Point Barrow, was lying
there, and the bark Alice Knowles
came in during the night. We had left
the Jeanette at Cape Smith.
On the ISth we left the Sea Horse
Islands and have seen no ice since. Ar
riving at Point Hope on the morning
of the 20th we found that the Louise
J. Kenney had come up with supplies
for the missionaries at Cape Blossom
and other places. It had also brought
up some Laplanders with orders from
Dr. Shelton Jackson, agent of educa
tion for Alaska, to take the deer at
Point Barrow and those at Point Hope,
join the two herds and keep them
through the winter at the Pitmagea
River. That does not look like re
turning the deer to the people who8
loaned them to the Government, nor
can anybody get any benefit from them
this winter. Besides Mr. Lopp— and
no one knows better than he? — says
the Pitmagea country is not a good
place for the herd. It would be better
tn leave the deer in charge of native
herders where they arc now. The
splendid success of the native herders
in driving the deer to Point Barrow
contrasts so favorably with the failure
of the expedition to the Yukon in
charge of Laplanders that it appears
to be a pity that natives should be sup
planted by foreigners.
The Kenney, which had sailed by
Cape Blossom without landing her
cargo there, had droned ashore the
night before we arrived. She had filled
with water. The master h;id aban
doned her and had sold her and her
cargo for $250. There is said to have
been more than that value of Whale
bone alone in the eorgo. He did net
ask fr>r assistance to haul the vessel
off the beach, nor did the man who
b.iucht her. We took the crew and
the officers off ***. beach through tlv
surf, and I arted for Kotzebue Sound.
arriving here this morning.
Lieut .ant Bertholf, who had spent
several days with us during the winter,
went ashore to tell the Rev. Robert
Batnma that no supplies could reach
him this year, as theV^ad been Bold
for the benefit of the insurance com
pany when the vessel was wrecked at
Point Hope. He was offered a passag<
on the Bear to Seattle for himse'-f. his
wife and the Government B<
teacher.
Mr. Samms said he could not see why
the goods had been sold for the benefit
of the insurance company when th-;
had not been insured. He declined t<
leave the suund on the supposition that
the Lord would provide and the cer
tainty that he can get plenty of pro
visions from the miners, who have
given up the search for gold and are
going back. He is going to Point Hope
to see if ho can recover the goods there.
He is sanguine of success, but he will
have a pretty hard crowd to bargai::
with.
A station has b«en established here
by one or more of the transportation
companies to keep the miners supplied.
There will probably be the usual cry
this winter that miners are starving.
There is a chance that Kotzebue Sound
will be the seat of suffering. When
the Bear is sent to their relief in No
romber. I for one do not intend to
volunteer to go on her.
RELIEF SHIP
CASTS ANCHOR
Continued from First Page.
t. But before it had lifted her on to its
uirfnce the heavy cakes crashed through
1-^r planking and she was a wreck.
Bhey saved everything of value and
he crew is on board the B:ar. The
naster of the schooner promptly ship
>ed as mate of the Fearless, and will
fo whaling this season on her. The
tame prospect confronts the Bear ii
his ice outside of us does not clear up.
On July 9 the Bear reached Port
Clarence. It was clear of ice and the
vhaling fleet was congregated there,
raiting for a coal vessel. There were
.lso the Alaska, Jane Falkinberg, Mer
naid, Leslie D and Willard Ainsworth,
illed with people bound for Kotzebup
Sound and waiting there because their
nasters believed that the sound was
Illed with ice, and did not have enter
irise enough to go up there and see for
hemselves. Cogan on the Alaska had
I good excuse for delaying, because he
lad Just run up to Port Clarence for
vater and could not get into Kotzebue
Sound until the sternwheel steamer
r ohn Riley was completed. On the 10th
le started for St. Lawrence Island
ihere the steamer was building.
We cleaned our boiler preparatory
'or the northern trip, filled up with
vater and left Port Clarence at 11:30
>. m. on the 12th. At Port Clarence As
istant Engineer Wood found a mineral
ipring whose waters are very like the
tohannes water. That spring would be
vorth a fortune in a more accessible
ilace.
Beveral of us went in swimming in
i stream near where we watered ship.
The water was fairly warm in spite of
he fart that you could find solid ice
>y digging four feet beneath the sur
lace of the ground anywhere around
.here.
The next morning after leaving Port
Clarence we stopped at Cape Prince of
A' ales for an hour or so and then went
nto the Arctic Ocean. It was a beau
.iful day, almost calm and the heat
vas really uncomfortable. It seemed
is much like cruising in the Caribbean
Jea as in the Arctic Ocean. There was
i strong current setting to the north-
Far-, but following the coast line. This
turrent had cleared out all the ice from
.hat part of the ocean. In Kotzebue
Sound I saw one little cluster of ice
akes left behind in the general exodus.
Ne saw no ice worth mentioning until
SOME OF THE MEN WHO REPRESENT THE CALL ON THE BEAR.
• IEUTENANT JOHN G. BERRY,
rnrresoondent.
' we reached Cape Lisburne, twenty-five
miles north of Point Hope, and no ice
to bother us until we anchored behind
Blossom Shoals at Icy Cape.
On the 14th of July we got to Cape
Blossom in Kotzebue Sound. There we
found the Guardian, Northern Light,
Leslie D. and several little schooners,
apparently hardly large enough to
navigate San Francisco Bay. Yet these
little fellows had the cheek to start
from California and Washington ports
to come away up here. And they got
I hore, too, which makes their presump-
I tion still worse.
Those vesse: had been here since the
Fourth of July and many men had
gone vi the river. But the main body
of miners was waiting for the river
steamers, four In number, that were to
be towed up by sailing vessels. Every -
I body was jubilant and hopeful. There
h 1 been no gold In evidence. The na
tives had no nug-sts, no gold dust. The
! missionaries had not seen any, but the
] miners were confident of success just
I the sam •. The Lord is said to pay par
; ticular attention to people like these,
I who will start out on such an expedi
! rion with nothing to go on but the
shadow of a rumor.
Before leaving Seattle one man, a
doctor of medicine, wrote asking me
about the truth of the stories regarding
Kotzebue Sound and the probability of
success there. I answered that every
story I had heard so far and had been
ible to sift down was false; that the
:fßcers of the Bear had not located
claims there and Captain Tuttle had
not grub-staked a native to hunt for
gold. I told him that the rumors of
sold emanated from the whalers. I
suppose he was not acquainted with
any whalers, because he came up here
in ppite of that statement of mine.
Going into Cap Blossom we passed
the Leslie D. and Willard Ainsworth.
'.Vo left that night and found the Cath
erine Sudden and Jane Falkinberg.each
with a little sternwheel steamer in tow,
anchored under Cape Kruzensterne.
They haJ been carried by the current
to the northward, past the entrance to
'.he sound.
At Cape Blossom we found Mr. Til
ton, who brought the first news down
from Point Harrow last winter. He is
chief mate of the Northern Light. We
had on board the Bear Tickey and his
wife, the Point Hope natives who
guided him to St. Michael. Tilton came
over to see hir natives and th<~" went
almost wild in their delight at seeing
him again.
We picked up these natives from the
Bonanza at Port Clarence. They had
come from San Francisco on her. They
declared that they would not dare tell
I the folk 3 at home all they had seen,
because the Point Hope natives can
stand only a reasonable amount of ro
' mancintr. What struck them more for-
I cibly than anything else was "shooting
the chutc-s." They were strutting
around on the ship in San Francisco
clothes until we neared Point Hope,
when they began to "shuck" them and
come out in their skin clothing. We
reached Point Hope on the evening of
the 15th and the two natives went
ashore. It transpired later that some
body at Point Clarence had given them
a bottle of whisky with instructions
not to drink it while on the Bear, but
the moment they touched the beach
Mr. and Mrs. Tickey got gloriously
drunk to the envy of their admiring
neighbors.
Here Lieutenant E. P. Bertholf came
on board. He was in excellent health
and declared that he had passed a
pleasant winter. The only thing that
troubled him seriously in his long
sled trip was the poor fare that he had
in many places. The extreme cold was
not so disagreeable, because it was al
ways calm when the thermometer
went away down. But the blizzards,
' with their moderately low tempera
! ture, were decidedly uncomfortable.
Bertholf has made more progress in
- learning the language than anybody I
I have ever seen who has spent such a
, short time in the country. He was
'. Just beginning to get at the true
! language of the natives. He says they
i talk to the white man in a language
like our pigeon English. He mastered
that all right and was beginning to get
at some of the moods and tenses when
we arrived. Mr. Lopp at Cape Prince
of Wales speaks the language of the
natives. Scarcely any other white
man in the country does that. Charley
Peterson, an old employe of the Alaska
Commercial Company on the Yukon
River, talks like a native, but he is no
grammarian and cannot explain the
language to the other whites.
Father Barnum is the man
who will finally codify the
language. He has worked like
the men who decipher hieroglyphic in
scriptions. He has in his manuscript
enough of the language to give it to
the civilized world and hopes to com
plete his work and publish it before
many years.
According to Father Barnum, the
language is exceptionally rich, like the
Greek. Its action expresses itself in
terminations. There are no detached
adjectives or adverbs. The whole thing
appears to go into the verb. To every
verb there are 3537 forms, while the
Greek verbs run up to about 1400 only.
Father Barnum says the language is
DR. E. H. WOODRUFF,
Surgeon furnished by The Call. *v^»
THE SA"N FRAIST CISCO CALL, TTJKSDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
LIEUTENANT D. H. JARVIS VALIANT LEADER OF THE OVERLAND RELIEF
EXPEDITION TO THE IMPRISONED WHALERS.
TWELVE HUNDRED GOLD
SEEKERS ARE STRANDED
AT KOTZEBUE SOUND
BY LIEUTENANT JOHN G. BERRY, UNITED STATES REVENUE CUTTER SERVICE.
ABOARD THE ARCTIC RELIEF STEAMSHIP BEAR, off Cape Blossom, Kotzebue Sound, Aug. 21, via
"Victoria, Sept. 12. — No, we are not In Kotzebue Sound hurfting for gold, but we are finding just as much as
are those people who came here for it — and that is none. For a month and a half gold seekers have been
arriving here in all sorts of vessels. They brought more provisions, as a rule, than the majority of Yu
kon miners take. Some, to be sure, are even short of food considering the length of time they must neces
sarily be out of communication with the rest of the world, but I should judge these are so few that there
will be no danger of starvation this winter at this place.
It is estimated that at least 1200 men have landed here. Most of them have gone up the Kowak River.
A few have gone up the Salawwik, and about 400 have returned to Cape Blossom and are here now, wait
ing for a chance to return to civilization. Men have been 350 miles up the Kowak River. They report that
the river is all mud. What sand they found gave only the slightest trace or color of gold. Of the 1200
seekers not one has struck enough gold to pay. for his daily flapjacks and salt pork.
The gold fever appears to have passed the epidemic stage in Kotzebue Sound. The patients are conva
lescing rapidly, but are now in a state of extreme depression. Probably as many as 900 of them will return
this year to the States and will be ready next year to start on a balloon trip to Saturn if some astronomer
will kindly let them know that there are precious metals there. This Kotzebue Sound boom has been al
most as crazy as that would be.
The Kotzebue Sound boom has stuck in the mud of the Kowak River. It is a very swiftly flowing
stream — dangerously swift for the small boats that they are towing up there. Hotham Inlet, which must be
crossed before they can even enter the mouths of the river, is shallow, and so rough that the prospectors,
in some cases, do not dare to go out on its waters in steam launches. Some of them, who had planned to
take their goods up the river with the launches, have had to change their minds, and they are forced to
pay the little river boats $40 a ton to get the supplies 250 miles up the river. Seven men, so far, have
lost their lives in trying to tow their dories and other small boats up the river. I have been unable to
get the names of all, but I hear that Miller and Scott of Boston, and Moore of Dubuque, are among those
lost. Twenty-eight men have lost all their suppMes by the capsizing of boats in the rapid currents of the
river, and there is not an ounce of gold to offset this weight of calamity.
Four stern-wheel river steamers are running and each has made several trips up and down the river.
At first they ran up full and came down empty. Now they are loaded on the trip down. The vessels
here, having brought the people up for about $100 a head, will now get from $40 to $60 apiece for taking
three-quarters of the number back, and the poor fellows will have lost nearly a year's work at home. In
most cases they had sp^nt their last dollar to outfit them for spending the winter in an Arctic climate.
They will have to sell their remaining stock of provisions to more fortunate companions in order to pay
their fares down, and they will land without a cent in the States. Those who remain will be able to get
the stores of the others at little cost, and the chances are that there will be little suffering, if any. Yet
very few of them are supplied with proper clothing for the climate.
A man named Gordon, from Provincetown, Mass., saLd that Pickett, who claims to have discovered
the Treadwell at Juneau, Alaska, reports that there is no chance for gold on any of the rivers emptying
into Kotzebue Probably the only chance that the prospectors have of success is to cross over to
the headwaters' of some of the tributaries of the Yukon River. We know there is gold there. There may
be a chance even now on the Kowak, but it would seem certain that some of the 1200 men who have been
searching every nook of the river for a month must have found gold if there was any there.
The twenty-eight men who lost their provisions are destitute on the beach here. Many of them ap
plied to Lieutenant Bertholf, who went ashore, aslflng to be taken down on the Bear; but our orders are to
take down none but ship-wrecked seamen, and he had to leave them on the beach.
H. N. WOOD,
Photographer.
"aa regular as a chess board." There
are only twenty-one forms in the de
clension of the nouns, so that any one
who wishes to become proficient has
only to learn the roots and the 3537
verbal forms, then accustom his ear to
the sound of them all. Then he can
talk with the children. They speak
the language prettily and correctly.
The older people use contracted forms,
which makes it almost another lan
guage to learn. The Eskimos speak
their own language correctly, all of
them, from one end of the Arctic Ocean
to the other. Each district has pe
culiarities in its language on the Yu
kon River. Converse with the natives
of Point Hope or Cape Smyth, and
they do not understand one at first, be
cause they find it difficult to compre
hend how a white man can speak any
other but the gibberish of the coast.
Presently one of them suggests that
the man is really talking the language
properly. Then their faces light up
and they start In to talk correctly and
fluently.
Theodore Borquin, a Frenchman who
studied the language In Labrador, has
published an Eskimo grammar. Father
Barnum says the book Is good, has
plenty of matter, but no system. Bour
quln started with the Idea that the
language was connected in some man
ner with the Hebrew tongue, and that
proposition leads him Into many devi
ous wayß.
At Point Hope we saw the midnight
sun for the first time. It had been
daylight all the time since arriving at
St. Lawrence Island on June 19, but
we had not seen the sun Itself at mid
night. We left Point Hope at 4:20
p. m. on July 17. At 11 p. m., off Cape
Lisburne, we sighted lee for the first
time since June In the Bering Sea. On
July 18 we steamed through light scat
tering Ice, pretty well softened by the
fairly warm weather (40 to 50 degrees)
in which It floated. At 1:30 p. m. we
got into clear water, which extended
clear along the coast as far as Icy
Cape. On the morning of July 19 we
picked up a native boat containing
Captain A. C. Sherman of the wrecked
steamer Orca, J. Drynen of the Pa
cific Steam Whaling Company, J. Clark,
second mate of the Jessie H. Freeman,
Fred Hobson of Cape Smyth, Oscar
Thompson, Anton Roderick, Pe
ter Nelson and Ivan Elt, "starving
whalers," and two natives. They had
(•ome down to get the mail from the
strips, but the mail was on the Thrasher
and she has not got here yet, although
Captain Snow confidently predicted
that he would be at least one of the
first to arrive at Cape Smyth. The
whalers now on board say Snow will,
in all probability, be the very last to
arrive. Sherman reported all well at
Point Barrow.
Finding the ice packed on Blossom
Shoals off Icy Cape we anchored to the
southward of the cape on the afternoon
of the 19th. This is one of the last
places south of Point Barrow for the
ice to leave in the summer. Extending
off shore from Icy Cape f< about eight
miles is this patch of shoals, worked up
into ridges with less than three fath
oms of water or. them, while there may
be seven or nine fathoms between the I
rlde-es. But since the ice probably j
changes the position of these ridges <
from year to year it is almost always i
necessary to go out around the whole i
shoal. Sailing vessels have gone i
through because they got caught in the '
shoals and could not beat out of dan- (
ger. The heavy ice grounds here and j
other ice gets jammed in between it, |
a sea of ice extending sometimes from j
one shore to the sea horizon. Once past
the shoals at this season of the .year !
the probability is that fairly clear wa- j
ter will be found as far as the Sea
Horse Islands. Nature makes that an
other stopping place along the north- j
ward road. The islands and shoal ]
around them stop the ice Just as Blos
som Shoals do, and it fills up Pearl
Bay to the northward of the Sea Horse
but generally leaves some kind of a i
harbor in behind the islands. It was j
this harborage that sheltered the Bel- I
vedere last winter and it was toward
that place that the Freeman and Orca
I were heading when the ice nipped i
i them.
On the 20th we tried to get around
outside Blossom Shoals, but «~ot too far
to the westward and probably
pretty close to the ice pack, although
we could not distinguish the pack from
the vessel. It is possible that we
might have found a passage in close to
the shore. But out there the Ice be
came more and more thickly packed
until we turned back and anchored off
Point Lay, about fifteen miles to the
southward of le~ Cape.
On the 22d we moved up to Icy Cape
again. On the 23d Lieutenant Hamlett,
A. Svendson, one of the Bear's crew,
with J. A. Clark, Oscar Thompson and
the two natives who came down with
Sherman, left in the native boat to
take on a case of evaporated potatoes
and one case of evaporated onions to
Lieutenant Jarvis and incidentally to
give a few bags of to the Belve
dere at Sea Horse Islands. Finally, on
the 26th, we went out around the shoals.
We did "not go far enough to the west
ward this time, as we got. Into three
fathoms of water (we must have
scraped the bottom at that depth)', and
had to go out still farther. Yet that
made very little difference, as even the
shoals were practically clear of ice by
this time.
At 3 a. m. on the 28th we anchored
off the deserted village of Attanka,
south of Sea Horse, having tried to get
to the northward inside of the shore
ice. That night we steamed all around
the outside of the ridge of shore ice
and went merrily northward. We passed
the Sea Horse and saw the Belvedere
in there, but she appeared to be all
right, and there was considerable ice
between us, so we went on and emerged
into clear water as far as the eye could
reach. This was about 11 p. ,m. The
next morning at 8 we made fast to the.
outside of the shore Ice off Cape Smyth
and had reached the northern limit of
our cruise.
Lieutenant Jarvis came on board as
soon as we reached here. Both he and
Dr. Call were in excellent condition.
There was scarcely any sickness on the
beach, the food was holdine out well
with the exception of butter, which had
been exhausted over a week before.
The herd of reindeer was as large as
when it reached here. The births had
equaled the killings.
Mr. Brewer sent over to the ship
hundreds of ducks that he could spare,
and the whole ship's company, "star-
ving whalers" and all, have lived on
wild duck ever since.
What the people needed here last
winter was somebody who had the
authority to take charge of them and
their affairs and who at the same time
would exercise that authority. Neither
of the masters of the wrecked vessels
would take charge even of his own
crew. Neither Brewer nor Mcllhenny,
though either one was competent to
handle the situation, had the authority
to govern the men. The two captains
claimed that they were wrecked and
that their authority ceased when they
left their vessels. Brewer and Mc
llhenny did take charge, '>ut they had
no way of enforcing their orders. The
men obeyed them or not as they chose.
When Jarvis arrived he supplied the
missing link in the chain of govern
ment. He straightened things out,
made the men work, and he made them
play baseball. If any of them did not
want to play he was promptly hustled
off to drag deer meat and ducks to
camp. A few miles of this work soon
made him willing to "play ball." Jarvis
was strict with them, but they air ap
pear to have liked it. That was just
what they wanted.
On the 29th the steam whaler Jean
nette came along and tied up to the
ice not far from us. She had been de
layed for a long: *me at Port Clar
ence waiting for the coal schooner. On
August 2 the Ice closed in around us
and the Jeanette. We had both mean
while changed our positions and were
in a fairly well sheltered place. It did
not take more than twelve hours for
the ice to come in. We had the whalers
on board, but we were waiting for our
friend the Thrasher, that was to have
reached here before us. On the 3d
the Jeanette. Newport and Fearless
got through the ridge to the north
ward and steamed down to Cape Smyth
Inside the shore ice, where they now lie
In safety, ready to take us down home,
if the Bear is crushed. That after
noon there was a slight movement of
ice that parted five lines, all that we
had out forward, and set the vessel so
hard against a spur of shore ice that
the aide of the ship was pressed in
about an Inch and a half, lifting the
floor plates of the engine-room about
four Inches. The pressure was soon
relieved by chopping away the corner
of the ie» spur. It was not serious oi
Itself, bu was an indication of what
might haipen if the ice really got down \
to business.
• While w> were cutting Ice we were
also gettinj. a large stock of provisions
on deck, ready for abandoning ship.
On the sth aid 6th we gave twelve tons
of coal to th» Newport.
On the 6th and 7th we tried to blast
a passage through the grounded ice in
order to haul he ship through Into the
clear water between the shore and the
ice, but a few hours' trial on the 7th
showed that th. work would take more
powder than w* had on all the vessels
and the attempi was abandoned. The
ice was fully thi'ty feet thick in many
places. This shcre ice is a mass fully
ten miles long", g-ounded in five fath
oms or more of vater. Its average
thickness cannot be less than twenty
feet, and in places it may reach sixty
feet from top U bottom. It is
about 400 yards acioss and lies about
half a mile from th* beach with clear
water outside. We li« between this im
movable mass and the irresistible force
of the ice pack whenever it chooses to
exert itself. Between us and the pack
is drift pretty thickly packed, which
may or may not serve as a bumper to
keep the direct pressure of the pack
from us. Yesterday ani the day be
fore we gave the Fe.nrlest twenty-three
tons of coal. Larp-e cracks are open
ing in the ground ice, and every day or
two the off-shore ice moves to the
northward for a few hours, but the
pressure about us has not been re
laxed. We had only light winds from
all quarters. The northwest wind, on
whifh we rely to clear the i<?e away,
will not blow long enough nor strong
enough to make anyappreclable change
in our condition. To seaward there ia
nothing but ice as far as the eye can
reach. Not a drop of water is visible
in that direction.
It would be a great joke on us if the
Jeanctte had to take us all down to
San Francisco.
ESKIMO SHOULD
BE WELL REPAID
Loaned Their Deer Freely
for the Relief of the
Whalers.
Now the Government Seems In
No Hurry to Reward Them
for Their Privation.
By Lieutenant John O. Berry, U. S. R. C. S.
ABOARD ARCTIC RELIEFSTEAM
SHir BEAR, ST. MICHAEL, Alaska,
Aug. 25, via Victoria, Sept. 12.— We
reached Capo Prince of Wales at night
on August 22 and W. T. Lf.pp came
on board. As we are in a hurry to
get away Mr. Lopp and Lieutenant Jar
vis worked all night arranging to set
tle up the accounts of the overland ev
pedition with the natives. Many of
Jarvis' "I O U's" have not been pre
sented for redemption, but he left the
trade goods with Mr. Lopp, who will
take up the accounts as the natives
come in on behalf of the natives.
Mr. Lopp objected to the scheme of
Rev. Sheldon Jackson for providing for
his Laplanders for the winter. He de
clored fiat the deer were loaned, not
given to the Government, by the per
sons who owned them. The people
wanted the use bi them for the winter."
The Government, through Jackson, had
uzu.
n<M AA A sufferer from Nasal
NBB. Catarrh will m in '
1 stant relief from the
use of the new li 0zo"
catarrh treatment. For this reason
a trial treatment is offered to you.
Call to the Institute and get a trial
or write for a free trial. "Gzo*
cures catarrh of the head, catarrh ot
the stomach, etc. It is a certain
catarrh treatment. Trial free,
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Stockton and Market St*
fIUDIAIi |ne discovery
for weak men.
Hudyan cures pains in the hack,
catches in the back, weak hack, pains
in the shoulder, etc Hudyan has
cured in every case where it has
been thoroughly used. Hudyan stops
the waste, the losses, in a single day;
Circulars and testimonials free.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE
ElHs. Stockton and Market Ste.
ELY'S CREAM BALM Is a positive cnre.
Apply into the noetrils. It la quickly absorbed. SO
cents at frnietfiets or by mail ; samples 10c bvrnail
ELY BROTHEKB, 68 Warren St., New York Clt»re urned only 156 doer. There were 160
ai Port Clarence, but four died on the
B*ort drive to Cape Prince of Wales.
These deer are all inferior to those
W.ined to Jarvis. Many of them are
k. There are no sled deer among
l tern. Now, the Government has at
; nalaklik 700 excellent reindeer. The
irplus to be returned ought to come
from that herd and not from the scrub
■••r that were collected at St. Law
••Mice Ray last winter. The natives
rant their deer back now. Captain Tut
■le wrote to Point Barrow and Point
c directing that the deer at those
ilaoes be turned over to the native
herders who would come from Cape
Prince of Wales for them.
This is the reindeer situation: Re
ceived from W. T. Lopp and natives of
(•;ipo Prince of Wales, 294; bought of
Lopp's natives, 9; bought of Charley's
natives, 5; received from Charley at
Point Rodney, 133; Bertholf got from
Ci'vernment herd, 5; Jarvis got from
c.overnment at Golovine Bay, 2; total,
445.
Killed and lost on trip, not counting
34 recovered and driven to Point Hope,
XI; killed for food at Point Barrow ISO,
at Point Hope 10; died at Point Barrow,
1; fawns born at Point Barrow -54, at
Point Hope 25; fawns died or were
trampled to . .th at Point Barrow 64,
■at Point Hope 1; fawns survived. 214;
remaining at Point Barrow 391, at Point
Hope 4S; total remaining, 439.
The hard trip so near the fawning
season (for the fawns began to arrive
soon after the arrival at Puint Bar
row) weakened the cows. Naturally,
herded at home, there would have been
more births and fewer deaths, and the
natives would now have even more deer
than these due them. The Government
is bound to return to them not only the
doer actually lent, but the fawns that
would have been born and have sur
vived had they remained at home.
Not only that, but considering the
privations that they have undergone
this winter the natives should be
treated by the Government not merely
with Jutftice, but with generosity. It
should return to the natives the best
deer that it owns. It should draw
from the herd at Unalaklik, not from
the 'nferior animals at St. Lawrence
■Bay. We cannot know yet whether the
extraordinary drive of 600 miles has
weakened the herd or not; but, taking
the actual survivals, the Government
now owes the natives at Cape Prince
of Wales and Point Rodney 427, in
crease 214; total, 641. Dr. Jackson re
turned 160, less 4 that died— ls6, bal
ance 455; at Point Barrow and Point
Hope, 439; still due 46. And some of
the sixty-five fawns that died might
not have died had their mothers not
been weakened by the hard drive to the
frigid zone.
On December 16, 1897. the Laplanders
left Port Clarence with 650 deer and
thpy arrived at Unalaklik, 200 miles
distant, on March 22, 1898, or ninety-six
days. The natives left Cape Prince of
Wales on February 3, 1898, with 448
rteeer, drove them 600 miles In fifty-five
days, arriving at Point Barrow on
March 30, IS9B.
At Cape Prince of Wales, Utenna,
Klvyearkruk. Chucarijhok, Kukera,
Ituk, Tautuk, Sokweena and Keuk we
landed native herders, who had re
mained with the two herds during the
winter. On the 23d we reached Port
Clarence, flndingthe Newport, Jeanette
and the coal bark J. D. Peters. The
Thrasher was there, having got no
farther north than Point Lay. She had
not even grot our mail when she was at
T'r.a/nska. From time to time we have
transferred our passengers to dif
ferent whaling vessels, but we left
Port Clarence on the night of the 23d
with the following men on board:
From the wrecked whaler Jessie H.
Freeman— Captain W. P. S. Porter, E.
H. Bolles. A. M. Rlpley, James Denny,
A. J. Allen and W. B. McMorris, of
ficers; Peter Nelson, Joe Mina, Oscar
'Thompson, Leon Barkhauser, M. Mc-
Kenzie, G. Tolner, J. Coleman, J. Ha
pol, William Englestan, A. Neihouse,
William Mullen, A. Smith, J. Hines, C.
W. Dickman, M. Sandstone and J.
Moore.
From the wrecked whaler Orea —
Captain A. C. Sherman, Thomas Mc-
Grorey and J. C. Carrick, officers; T.
J. Johnson, J. McDonald, J. Finnegan,
W. P. Freeman, E. Brown, A. Mutz, J.
A. Plantade, Joseph White, Jacob
Bloom, William Anderson, E. Franz,
Charles Smith, A. World, H. Black
man, F. Hanna, M. Callan, F. Devlin,
J. Van Housen, N. Donelson, J. Moniti,
J. Munson and F. Beeson.
From the wrecked whaler Rosario —
W. L. Baker, W. H. Harrington and
Thomas H. Wilson, officers; William
Lowry. J. C. White, C. Nilson, Oscar
K< se, T. Rose, C. Ludberg, J. Baxter,
P. Poleson, L. Martin, C. Hothes, B.
Beam, A. Handy, H. Carson, M.
Dovvnes and Samuel McCoy.
From the wrecked whaler Navarch—
Ivan Elt, Thomas Collins, J. Harris,
Frank (Juttner, J. Cummings, Thomas
Lord, Thomas Birnbaum and N. Husby.
From the wrecked schooner Louise
J. Kenney — T. Larsen, master; Henry
Olsen and Andrew Nelson, officers; C.
Bryant, supercargo; M. Hanlon, Wil-
Lium Wright. N. Knudlander. E. Lar
■en and F. Smith.
Exchanged with men who went to
tfK* Fearless — C. H. Richardson and
John Brurck, officers; L. Rich, W. Ma
honey, John Morgan, T. George, Joseph
Boyle, Harry Hardy, H. Stevens, J.
'Lily grew, W. J. Baury and Adolf
Cedar.
Ki^k men from the Jeanette — Captain
Ernest Newth and G. T. Samuels.
From the Belvedere — G. W. Porter,
boatheader; J. Hensen, J. Maloney,
John Boswell and Andrew Nelson, and
Charles Brower from Cape Smyth,
t Barrow.
We have transferred to the whaling
vessels for this season's work the fol
lowing men:
From the Freeman — Delphi Lopez
and J. A. Clark, officers; Anton Rose,
Peter Carson, Frank Mendenez, M.
Fernandez, A. J. Steuart, A. Espionza
and John Gibson.
From the Orca— S. Jocelyn and Joseph
King, officers; G. Lopez, C. Decoste,
Sam Kawa, Manuel Penas, J. G. John
son, P. Holman, G. Frohm, F. Welsh,
C. A. Eberle, William Buerschlnger, E.
Sapoli, J. Lee and J. Lobo.
From the Rosario — Captain E. C. Cof
fin, Daniel Joseph, A. Gomen and Peter
Biavarts.
From the Navarch— Olaf Peterson.
. On the 24th we reached Point Rodney
by way of Kings Island. There we
landed Artisarlook (Charley). Mary,
his wife, one of the most intelligent of
the natives of Alaska, came off with
h^r retinue of natives to receive him.
Khe was "tickled to death" to pet Char
ley back, even if he did not have any
rHndeer with him. When Jarvis asked
f<ir the deer last winter, Mary pre
dicted that Charley would return with
out any deer and that the people would
laugh at him. She meant that he
would never get the deer back. Final
ly some of the deer were given for ser
vices rendered to a few of the natives,
Charley among the number. But to
offset their generosity the Government
herd at Port Clarence was moved down
to Unalaklik, where the Swedish Mis
sion is located. This removed them
farther than ever from the native in
habitants, for whose benefit they were
supposed to have been introduced.
Since Colonel (now General) Ran
dolph at St. Michael had no use for
the deer last winter, it would seem that
they might just as well have been
turned over to the overland relief ex
pedition instead of leaving Jarvis to
depend on the generosity of natives.
The fact that the Eskimo citizens of
the United States responded so nobly
to the appeal of Lieutenant Jarvis, in
the cause of humanity, recommends
them strongly to the gratitude of the
rest of the country. 'They should be
repaid with the best reindeer that can
be obtained and in settling with them
their bravery, devotion and the priva
tions that they and their families in
their absence suffered should weigh
heavily in the scales.
EIGHTEEN LOST
ON THE JESSIE
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, Sept. 12.— E. B. Wishar,
who arrived to-day from St. Michael.
Alaska, brings confirmation of the pre
viously published report of the loss of
the steamer Jessie at the mouth' of the
Kuskowim River in July with eighteen
lives. The news was brought to St.
Michael by a trader named Linga, who
said that only one Indian survived.
The bodies of Captain Murphy and Rev.
Mr. Weber had been washed ashore.
The passengers of the Jessie were
known as the Columbia Exploration
Company. Rev. Mr. Weber had bsen
taken aboard to pilot the party up the
Kuskowim. The Jessie had in tow the
barge Minerva, which was washed
ashore. The following is the list of the
Jessie's passengers:
E. S. Lines, Seattle.
A. C. Stetson, Seattle. ■
J. T. Murphy, Bowling Green, Ky.
R. P. Frierson, Gallatln, Term.
W. T. Payton, Gallatin. Term.
C. H. Mitchell and C. H. Hart, Gal
latin, Term.
Engineer Kempslep, Wisconsin.
Rmallhouse, Louisville.
Eli Knudson, Genese, Idaho.
H. C. Hadpen, Seattle.
O. E. Arud, Seattle.
Dave Allen, Kentucky.
Rev. Mr. Weber, wife and child, Mor
mon missionary. _
Two Indian pilots.
Japanese cook.
AWARDS FOR FINE
STOCK AT THE FAIR
Prizes Won by California Thorough-
breds, Draft Horses, Swine
and Cattle.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The Judging
of livestock went merrily on to-day at
Agricultural Park, and the merits of
thoroughbred horses, draft hordes, swine
and several breeds of cattle were passed
upon by Expert Whitcomb with
dlßpatch. Of course there are "kicks"
registered l>y disappointed exhibitors, but
on the vriole fewer complaints axe heard
than In many other years. Especially on
cattle and swine did the Oregon judge
give satisfaction.
The principal awards for Saturday af
ternoon were in the standard trotting
and pacing classes and for Durham cat
tle. La Siesta stock farm's Willeroo took
first prize for standard trotting or pacing
stallions, four years old and over, and
Santa Rosa's stock farm's Lillle Stanley
secured first premium for mares four
venri and over with suckling colt. The
Santa Rosa stock farm also carried off
the honors for mares four years old and
over with Bye Guy; for three-year-olds
with Adieu; for two-year-olds with Lillie
S. ; for yearlings with Rosaria, and for
best suckling with a bay nl!y by McKin
ney, dam Llllie Stanley. It also won the
chief prizes for the best two-year-old
stallion with Flam, and for best suckling
colt with Meringo King.
P. H. Murphy and V. E. Hill carried
off most of the prizes offered for Dur
ham cattle.
The chief awards of Interest this after
noon were:
Thoroughbred horses, stallions, best four
year-olds and over— Torso, J. F. Cavanaugh.
owner; second beat. Jack Richelieu, Thomas
Boyle, owner.
Beat three-year-old —-Fred Graham, Thomas
Boyle, owner.
Best two-year-old— Horton. E. F. Smith,
owner; second best. Gold Garter, W. Fisher,
owner.
Best one-year-old — Oliver, F. W. Fisher,
owner; second best. Artilleryman, Thomas
Bovlp, owner.
Best colt, one year old — Bay colt by imp.
Artillery-Flossie by Flood. J. F. Cavanaußh,
owner; second best, bay cnlt, by Imp. Artlllery-
Gerldon. B. Cavanaugh Sr., owner.
Mare? — Best four-year-old and over, with
Funklinß cnlt— Lizzie B and filly, Thomas Boyle,
owner; second best, Flossie and colt, J. F. Cav
anauph, owner.
Best four-year-olds and over— Guiltless, B.
Cavanaug:h Sr.. owner; pecond best. Wandering:
Nun of Argyll. Mips Efflp Burke, owner.
Beet three-year-nld— Torslda, E. F. Smith
owner; second best, Forritz, W. Fisher, owner.
Best two-year-old — Ravlola, Thomas Boyle,
owner; second best, Flamida, Palo Alto stock
farm.
Beat one-year-old— Gretta C. Miss M. Cun
nin^hnm, owner: second best, Fanny Mills, W*.
M. Murry. owner.
Best colt tinder one year— Bay filly, by Imp.
Artillery, dam Lake County, J. F. Cavanausch,
owner; second best, chestnut filly by imp. Friar
Tuck, dam Clara L. Thomas Boyle, owner.
La Siesta farm's Holstelns took all the prizes
for cattle In that class. Mr. Burke paid thou
sands of dollars for his cattle. El Toro will
purely win first prize for the best Jersey bull,
for he has never failed In any competition he
has ever entered.
AN EASY VICTORY
FOR REPUBLICANS
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PORTLAND, Me., Sept. 12.— The
State election to-day resulted in tho
success of the full Republican ticket, as
follows:
Governor— Lewellyn Powers of Houl
ton.
Congressmen— First District, Thomas
B. Reed of Portland; Second District,
Nelson Dingley of Lewiston; Third
District, Edwin C. Burleigh of Au
gusta; Fourth District, Charles A.
Boutelle of Bangor.
The election was marked by compar
ative apathy on the part of the Repub
licans, who felt sure, while the Demo
crats took more interest with a desire
to make a better showing than in 1894
or 1896, and put some vim in the cam
paign, the result of which was seen in
nearly every town.
Returns from 150 cities and towns
give Powers (R.) 22,613; Lord (D.) 12,
863. The same towns in 1894 gave
Cleveland (R.) 27,728; Johnson (D.) 12,
046.
This shows a net Republican loss of
17 per cent and a Democratic loss of 12
per cent. On this basis Powers will
have about 27,100 plurality.
Speaker Reed's vote shows a falling
off of nearly 4000.
MADEBA SHOOTING AFFRAY.
Creditor Wounded While Seeking to
Collect a Debt.
MADERA, Sept. 12.— As the outcome of
the attempted collection of an old debt,
James Pettitt, a laboring man, was shot
by W. H. Matthews to-day on the Hely
ranch, just south of this place, the ball
from a 38-caliber revolver entering me
right breast.
To-day Matthews drove to the ranch
where Pettit was working. As soon as
Pettitt saw him he left his work, and, ap
proaching Matthews, struck him with is
fist, knocking him to the ground. As he
continued the attack Matthews drew a re
volver from his pocket and fired. A sur
geon was summoned and the wounded
man taken to hla home, whore he is re
ported to be resting easy. Matthews sur
rendered himself to the Sheriff.
THE SAIST FRASTCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
DR. J. S. CALL, WHO ACCOMPANIED THE OVERLAND RELIEF
EXPEDITION.
BIGGER THAN
ANY NEWSPAPER
OR CORPORATION
So Republican Party
Is Safe.
OTIS' COURSE DENOUNCED
CANDID OPINION AS TO THE
STAND OF HIS TIMES.
Republicans of Southern California
in General Condemn the
Policy of Sunday's
Editorial.
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 12.— "The Re
publican party is bigger than any
newspaper or corporation," said a
prominent Republican to-day when
questioned regarding 1 the defection of
the Los Angeles Times in its attack
upon the personnel of the Republicans
of the State Executive Campaign Com
mittee, and this is the sentiment voiced
by every Republican interviewed by
the correspondent of The Call here to
day.
Many of the men seen expressed
themselves against the position of the
Times In the most emphatic language,
and it is the consensus of opinion that
in so far as the local situation is con
cerned the stand taken by the Times
will not in any way affect the result of
j the election. It is well known here that
the fight against certain members of
the executive committee is purely per
sonal and not a single person will ad
mit that the Times is making the fight
in the interest of pure politics at this
time.
Some go so far as to denounce its
action and say that the time has come
when the people of Los Angeles must
take a firm stand and fight out the
issue to the bitter end and once and
for all time settle the question whether
the Times is or is not greater than the
Republican party.
Republicans generally complain bit
terly of the action of the paper in the
past as well as in the present cam
paign, and they are tired of the dicta
torial tactics pursued by it. Even those
who have a kindly feeling for the pa
per condemn the publication of the
editorial in last Sunday's issue as be
ing Injudicious and untimely and detri
mental to the interest of the Repub
lican -^rty throughout the State.
It is expected that some action will
be taken by the Republican county con
vention now in session here, although
a strong effort is being made to head
off any such public condemnation of
the course pursued by the Times. Many
of the persons interviewed signified
their willingness to be quoted later on
as they fear that to do so at this time
might jeopardize the interest of some
of their friends who are candidates for
local offices, and Republicans generally
express the : ope that The Call will
take up the fight in behalf of the party,
which they say has no local paper to
represent its interest in the present
campaign. ,^____^____^^^_
ENTERTAINED BY
COLUMBIA CLUB
LOS ANGELES, Sept. 12.— The Co
lumbia Club entertained over 700 dele
gates of the Republican convention at
their elegant rooms to-night. Refresh
ments were served to all, and a general
good time marked the occasion. The
club is composed of active workers in
the party, and numbers among its
members nearly all of the prominent
Republicans of Los Angeles County.
The officers of the club are young men
of standing in the business community
who never overlook an opportunity to
further the interest of Republicanism.
The organization is a permanent one,
and has already done much to attract
to the party the young voters of the
county. John B. Bushnell, the presi
dent of the club, is not only an active
Republican, but ranks high in the busi
ness circles of the city. He is untiring
in his efforts for party success, and his
ability as a leader is unquestioned.
THREE SHOTS FIRED
AT HOLLAND'S QUEEN
Two Bullets Flew Wide, bu£ a Third
Struck the Countess Limburg-
Stirrutt.
BERLIN, Sept. 12.— Persistent rumors
have been current here during the last
few days that, despite all statements to
the contrary, an attempt was made upon
the life of Queen Wilhelmlna about three
weeks ago. One newspaper, which re
ports an account of the affair on the al
leged authority of Count Limburg-Stir
rutt, says that an Italian fanatic fired
thrice from the woods while the Queen
with three ladles was driving near her
residence at Soestdyk. Two shots went
wide, but the third lodged in the arm of
the Countess Llmburg-Stlrrutt.
The Queen preserved her presence of
mind and had the affair kept a strict se
cret, owing to the approaching enthrone
ment. The would-be assassin was ar
rested—so the story goes— and confessed
himself as an anarchist. Countess L<im
burg-Stirrutt is recovering.
COLONEL DU CLAM
LOSES HIS POSITION
Placed on the Inactive List Owing to
Kevelations in the Dreyfus
Scandal.
PARIS, Sept. 12.— 1t is officially an
nounced that Colonel Paty dv Clam has
been placed on the inactive list and dis
missed from his post in consequence of
the general staff's investigation into the
Esterhazy case.
President Faure retired Colonel r-aty dv
Clam at the sufrestion of the Minister
of War. General Zurlinden.
Two ("ablnet meetings have considered
the question of a revision of the Dreyfus
case and adjourned until Saturday at the
request of the Minister of Justice. M.
Barren, whn is desirous nf more time in
which to consider the documents.
The court has refused to release former
Colonel Picquart pending a rehearing of
the case against him.
FUSION IN SANTA
BARBARA COUNTY
SANTA BARBARA, Sept. 12.— The Dem
ocratic County Convention was called to
order in Lrompoc to-day by Dr. W. T.
laicos. After some discussion, a fusion
was effected with the Populist convention,
assembled in tho same city, and the fol
lowing ticket placed in the field:
Assemblyman, O. Hoover (Pop.): Su
perior Judge, W. S. Day (D.); Sheriff,
Thomas H. Hicks (D.)- Auditor, Emil
Ooux (D.); Assessor, C. M. Gidney (Pop.);
District Attorney. E. M. Sheridan (Pop.);
County School Superintendent. O.E.Thur
mond (D. ); Tax Collector, John 1.,. Irwin
(D.); Treasurer, E. S. Sheffield (D.); Ke
corder. W. K. Miscall CD.); Coroner,
George W. Russell (Pop.); Surveyor, John
H. Jesse (Pop.); County Supervisors— J. O.
Daderick (D.). J. W. Speed (Pop.), A. B.
Williams (D.) and T. M. Millard.
SPANISH SENATE
AGAIN IN TUMULT
MADRID, Sent. 12.— The Senate at to
day's session definitely adopted the His
pano-American protocol.
The session of the Senate was stormy.
Count d'Almenas, challenged to give
the names of the generals whom he re
cently said ought to be disgraced, re
plied: "Very well, as you wish, I will.
The generals to whom I referred are Gen
eral Weyler, General Blanco and General
Primo de Rivera. I will also Include in
the same category Admiral Cervera."
This announcement led to an extraor
dinary scene of tumult.
PORTIONS OF A WOMAN'S
BODY IN PACKAGES
BRIDGEPORT, Conn., Sept. 12.— Two
packages, containing portions of a
woman's body, were found to-day in an
arm of the Yellow Mill pond. The pack
ages were the head of a woman, cut from
the body near the ear, and the lower
limbs, which had been separated from the
body, unjointed and cut in two at the
knees, then tied together and wrapped in
a strong glazed paper. Tlie head of the
woman was a little red and jammed on
one side, and had a cloth tied over the
mouth.
STATE FAIR'S SUCCESS.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— The attend
ance at the pavilion to-night justifies the
expectation that the fair will be visited
nightly until its close by thousands of peo
ple. The Immense interior of the exposi
tion building presents a picture that is
certainly attractive. All about are glis
tening lights and bright banners, setting
off a wide variety of exhibits. The pres
ence of hundreds of fair women, dressed
in the light attire which the genial valley
climate allows, adds all that during the
early days of the fair had been wanting
to make its success complete.
All the fresh fruit eirhibits that had
been in place during the week have been
replaced and many new ones added.
A feature of the fair that is unpreten
tious and yet merits repeated tours of in
spection is the annex devoted to the dis
play of fine fowl. Chicken fanciers es
pecially find much to interest them there.
DEGREES CONFERRED.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY, Sept. 12.—
The university council to-day conferred
the following degrees for work completed
during the summer:
Bachelors of art— ln German, Cornelia
P. Ford; in Romanic languages, Clara M.
Shoemaker; in English, Ida A. Burmaker
Zaidee M. Brown, Marie A. Butler, L
Agnes Smith, Mary Thompson, Julia B
Tubbs; in ethics. Richard C. McGregor;
in history, George A. Francis; in physi
ology, Paul A. Adams; in geology, W. A
Prichard, Frank Rolfe. Masters of art—
In Greek, Maude Flint; in education
Louis K. Webb. Martha W. Winslow; in
physiology, Benjamin Thomas.
BONUS FOR A CABLE.
VANCOUVER, B. C Sept 12.— The
Royal Mail steamship Empress of China
sailed for Hongkong and Yokohama this
afternoon. Among her passengers was
Thomas Bailey ATdrich of Boston, who
with his famnv Is making a trip around
the world. Aldrich will spend a month
or two in Japan, and before he returns
will penetrate the heart of India.
James F. Scrymser. president of the
Pacific Cable Company of New York, is
going to Japan to try and secure a bonus
for the cable. He says capital has been
guaranteed for the cable from San Fran
cisco to Australia.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All
drusKlpta refund the money if It fails to cure.
26c. The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
CONSIDERS THE
SITUATION YET
VERY CRITICAL
Dewey Asks That Two More
War Vessels Be Sent
to Manila.
Aguinaldo Speaks of Plans for Independence
and Pretends Friendship for
Americans.
MADRID, Sept. 12. — Captain Aunon, Minister of Marine, received
to-day an important dispatch from the Philippines describing a con
flict between the Spanish gunboats and an insurgent flotilla, in which
the former successfully prevented an insurgent landing in t*"? Vis
cayas. According to the dispatch the insurgents had five vessels, all
of which were sunk. The Spanish had no loss, but the telegram as
serts that hundreds of the Insurgents are believed to have perished.
MANILA, Sept. 12.— Rear Admiral
Dewey says he considers the situation
critical. It is understood he has asked
for an additional cruiser and a battle
ship. The Spaniards assert that Ger
many will take a coaling station here
and that Spain will retain the remain
der of the islands. The last Spanish
garrisons at Ilocos and Laguna have
surrendered and the whole island of
Luzon is said to be in the hands of in
surgents, except Manila and Cavite.
Aguinaldo went to Lelollos on Friday.
He has announced his intention of con
vening an assembly of the Filipinos on
September 15, in order to decide upon
the policy to be adopted by the insur
gents. The correspondent here of the
Associated Press has had an interview
with Aguinaldo. who said there were
67,000 insurgents armed with rifles. He
added he could raise 100,000 men. In
: deed, the Insurgent leader pointed out,
i the whole population of the Philippine
| Islands was willing to fight for their in
dependence.
Continuing. Aguinaldo said he had
9000 military prisoners, including 5000
in the vicinity of Manila, besides civil
! prisoners. Later Aguinaldo said the
"provisional government- was now op
erating twenty-eight provinces. He
asserted that on August 2 they elected
delegates in numbers proportionate to
the population.
As to the Americans, Aguinaldo re
marked that he considered them as
brothers; that "the two sovereign re
publics were allied against a common
enemy."
When questioned as to whether the
future Filipino policy would be abso
lute independence, Aguinaldo excused
himself from replying and asked what
America intends to do.
The correspondent being unable to
i answer this question, Aguinaldo con-
U "We have been fighting for independ
ence for a long time. The natives who
profess to favor annexation are insin
cere It is merely a ruse to ascertain
A Asked an if Vi th:' 8 -Filipinos would object
i to the retention of Manila Aguinaldo
declined to answer. A ma ~
"Would the Filipinos object to Amer
icans retaining a coaling station If
recognizing the independence of the
! islands or establishing a temporary
! protectorate over them?" Aguinaldo
again refused to answer.
Pending the conclusion of the as
i sembly Aguinaldo said he was confi
dent there would be no trouble between
America and the Filipinos. The insur
gent leader denied having received a
request from General Otis and Rear
I Admiral Dewey to withdraw his troops
i to a prescribed distance fro-m Manila
and Cavite, and he declined to discuss
the effect of such a request
Aguinaldo further asserted that he
had never conferred with the American
authorities since the capitulation of
| Manila, and that he had never author
ized the insurgents to search or dis
arm Americans crossing the line.
The correspondent closely questioned
him about last Saturday's incident,
when the Pennsylvania troops pro
ceeded to establish a new outpost. The
Filipinos objected and nearly precipi
tated hostilities, ordering the Ameri
cans to withdraw in twenty minutes.
They issued ammunition and inter
cepted the American reinforcements.
Finally General Hale ordered all the
Pennsylvanians to advance and the
rebels withdrew.
The local Governor has explained
that the incident was a complete mis
take and has repudiated his subordi
nates' action. Aguinaldo declared to
the correspondent that the Filipino
who made the trouble merely pretended
to be an officer and is entirely uncon
nected with the insurgent army. Aguin
aldo complained that the Spaniards
were "disseminating false reports for
the purpose of fomenting antagonism
between the Filipinos and the Ameri-
a The whale interview conveyed the
impression that Aguinaldo desires ab
solute independence, regards the mis
sion of th« Americans here as accom
plished and expects their withdrawal,
"just as the French with Lafayette
withdrew after helping the Americans
in the war of independence, a war of
humanity." , , . . ._
Just now Aguinaldo maintains the
role of extreme friendship.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— The Mad
rid dispatch in regard to the American
reply to the Spanish note protesting
against hostilities on the part of the
insurgents of the Philippine Islands
was shown to the first secretary of the
French Embassy. He said that Em
bassador Cambon had been absent
from Washington several weeks and
the reply was not sent by him person
ally. If such a reply had been made it
would have gone through the hands of
the first secretary, but he declined
positively to say whether or not he had
forwarded a message of such charac
ter. The officials of the State Depart
ment also refused to make known the
nature of the communications ex
changed between the two governments
regarding this matter. It is known,
however, that in response to urgent ap
peals of the Spanish Government to
protect the Spaniards living in the
Philippines from the insurgents during
the continuance of the truce now in
force. General Otis was instructed to
use his influence with the insurgent
leaders to cause them to stop active
hostilities for the time. Touching the
departure from Manila of insurgent
parties on ships to carry the revolution
among the other islands of the group
it is learned that no such expeditions
have been sent out since the signing
of the protocol and the incident which
formed the basis of the Spanish repre
sentations on the subject happened
some time ago. when it was warranted.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
telegraphs: Acting Secretary of the
Navy Allen said to-night that Rear
Admiral Dewey has not repeated his
request of several weeks ago for the
assignment of a battleship and an
armored cruiser to his squadron. The
Oregon and lowa have been ordered to
the Pacific, and will go to Manila as
soon as Rear Admiral Dewey so re
quests.
GENERAL OTIS NEEDS
HIS SIGNAL CORPS
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Although the
authorities are reticent, it can be confi
dently stated that within the last two
days cable advices have come from Gen
eral Otis to the War Department saying
that his signal corps must remain intact
in view of further possible trouble with
the Aguinaldo element. The intention had
been to send part of the signal service
force to Hawaii, but this protest from
General Otis puts a stop to this inten
tion.
REPLY TO THE PROTEST
AGAINST HOSTILITIES
MADRID, Sept. 12.— The French Era
bassador at Washington, M. Cambon, who
has been acting for Spain in the peace ne
gotiations, has cabled to the government
the American reply to the Spanish protest
against hostilities on the part of the in
surgents in the Philippines in spite of the
peace protocol. The United States prom
ises to send envoys to induce the Togallos
to respect the suspension of hostilities
and to prevent vessels leaving Manila
with insurgents for the purpose of propa
gating the insurrection in other islands.
REPRESENTATIVE
REPUBLICANS
IN CONVENTION
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGEL.ES, Sept. 12.— The Re
publican county convention was called
to order by Bradner W. Lee, chairman
of the County Central Committee, at
10:30 a, m. to-day and the convention
Immediately proceeded to the election
of a temporary chairman. The leading
candidates for the honor were ex-
Judare John D. Works and E. A. Me
serve, the latter being selected by a
rising vote, which was made unani
mous. D. C. McGarvin, D. W. Dunham
and Major C. M. Fairbanks were elect
ed temporary secretaries.
On motion of W. R. Bacon the chair
man was authorized to name three
committees, fifteen on credentials, fif
teen on organization and order of busi
ness and five on platform and resolu
tions. The convention then adjourned
until 2 p. m.
Promptly at 2 p. m. the convention
was called to order, pursuant of ad
journment, by Lewis Thorn, secretary
of the County Central Committee, who
announced that the chairman of the
convention desired more time to com
plete the appointment of members on
the three committees named. On mo
tion the convention took a recess until
4 p. m., at which hour the names of the
members of the three committees were
announced and the convention ad
journed until 8 p. m. for the purpose
of giving the committees time to re
port. Previous to adjournment, how
ever, a motion was carried to the effect
that all resolutions must be presented
to the committee on resolutions and
without debate.
The committees not being ready to
report when the convention was called
to order at 8 p. m., It adjourned until 9
a. m. to-morrow.
The convention Is perhaps one of the
most representative bodies of Repub
licans ever held in this city. It is com
posed of 751 delegates, and among
them are some of the most prominent
men in the Republican party of the
State. One of the noticeable figures on
the floor of the convention hall was ex-
Governor H. H. Markham, who is tak
ing special interest in the legislative
fight. It is understood that he aspires
to Senatorial honors, and he is one of
the most persistent and energetic work
ers against a resolution which will be
offered to-morrow indorsing Hon. Rob
ert N. Bulla for United States Senator.
The Los Angeles Times is also said to
have interested itself in the fight
against Bulla, ana it is asserted that
W. R. Bacon, the chairman of the com
mittee on resolutions, known to be op
posed to Bulla, Avas selected at the so
licitation of the Times people. The
friends of Senator Bulla, however, are
confident that he will receive the in
dorsement of the convention, notwith
standing the opposition of the parties
who are fighting him, so that they may
keep the field clear for themselves.
Another important matter to come
before the convention to-morrow is the
question of balloting for candidates. A
strong effort will be made to introduce
the Australian ballot system of bal
loting, by which all of the candidates
are to be voted for at the same time.
There is, however, much opposition to
the adoption of the system, and it is
expected that the old style of ballot
ing will prevail. The defection of the
Los Angeles Times is another question
that will in all probability be taken
up by the convention and will afford an
opportunity of showing the feeling that
exists against the paper because of its
recent attack made on members of the
State executive campaign committee.
WILL GO TO HONOLULU.
The Gunboat Bennington Will Sail
at Once Under Sealed Orders.
The United States gunboat Benning
ton is expected down from Mare Island
early this morning. She will proceed
to-day or to-morrow on her way to
Honolulu under sealed orders.
Death at Santa Cruz.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 12.— Mrs. Maria
Lorenzen, who resided in Santa Cruz
since 1876, died to-day at her home. She
was 72 years old and a native of Ger
many. She leaves three daughters and
four sons.
CATHOLIC LADIES
IN CONVENTION
Grand Council of the Aid
Society.
OPENS WITH HIGH MASS
CONCLAVE AT SANTA MARIA
DEL MAR.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Sept. 12.— Santa Maria
del Mar, the summer resort of the
Catholic Ladles' Aid Society and a most
beautiful spot overlooking the bay of
Monterey, is the Mecca this week of the
members of this charitable organiza
tion, which is holding its eleventh
grand council. Delegates are present
from all portions of the State.
At 11 o'clock the grand council
opened with solemn high mass, with
Father McNatr.ee of Santa Cruz as
celebrant, Father Foley of Alameda
sub-deacon and Father O'Reilly of
Santa Cruz sub-deacon. The altar was
entirely in white and decorated in a
most artistic manner by the ladles of
the order. Masses of amaryllis, asters,
carnations and other flowers were used
in profusion, the flowers having been
presented by Thomas Thompson. Es
pecially fine music was rendered by the
following choir: Mrs. 1.1. J. Breen and
Miss Emma Russell, soloists; Misses A.
Murphy, Agnes Hudner, Belie Lozier
and Margaret Curtis.
An address was delivered by Rev.
Father McNamee of Santa Cruz.
This afternoon the Grand Council
commenced its business session, the
grand president, I.lrs. M. Dean, presid
ing. The officers of the Grand Council
are: Past grand president, Mrs. M. J.
Lohse, Oakland; grand president, Mrs.
Margaret Deane, San Francisco; grand
senior vice-president. Miss Mary Carr,
Oakland; grand junior vice-president,
Mrs. M. F. Dorsey, San Luis Obispo;
grand secretary, Mir.? Margaret Curtis,
San Francisco; grand treasurer, Miss
Mary Atkinson, San Francisco; grand
deputy. Miss Emma Russell, San Fran
cisco. Grand directors — Mrs. M. Deane,
San Francisco; Mrs. M. J. Lohse, Oak
land; Miss Bessie Gallagher, Alameda';
Mrs. M. Young, Belvedere; Mrs. D. R.
Laogier, Stockton; Mrs. A. F. Pacheco,
San Rafael; Mrs. J. J. Green, Mrs. H.
H. Smith. Mrs. Samuel McFadden, Miss
Eliza McDonald, Mrs. D. F. Ragan, all
of San Francisco.
The following were appointed by the
grand president:
Grand marshal — Miss Mollie Regan.
Guard— Miss L, Murphy.
Committee on grand rr-ports— Mrs. B. J.
Thomas, Miss A. Bagge, Miss Minnie
Spillman.
Committee on credentials— Miss Marcella
Fitzgerald. Miss -Emma Fitzpatrick, Mrs.
J. J. Nunan.
Official reporters— Mips Marcella Fitz
gerald, Mrs. J. J. Nunan.
The only important business was the
seating of delegates, and the remain
ing portion of the day was spent in rec
reation. The delegates are:
Oakland No. I— Misses Maria Flynn,
Mary Gannon.
San Francisco No. 2— Miss Nellie Mc-
Carty, Mrs. 11. Molloy; alternates, Mrs.
Thomas Pendergast, Mrs. M. Cusack.
Alameda No. 3 — Mrs. Annie Humphrey,
Mrs. E. W. Sure; alternates, Miss M. Ru
pert, Mrs. M. Quigley.
Gilroy No. 6— Miss Marcelln. Fitzgerald,
Mrs. J. White; alternates, Mrs. J. Schilue,
Miss Kate Cullen.
Stockton No. 7— Mrs. J. J. Nunan, Mrs.
J. H. Collins; alternates, Miss Julia Web
er, Mrs. M. Morrisey.
San Francisco No. S — Miss Jennie Mitch
ell, Mrs. M. L. Derrick: alternates, Miss
Emma Flesel. Mrs. G. Peckham.
San Francisco No. 9 — Miss M. Duggan;
alternate. Miss Adelo Lehert.
ppri Francisco No. 10.— Miss Mary Burke.
Mrs. M. Burns; alternates. Miss Margaret
Atkinson, Miss M. G. O'Brien.
San Francisco No. 11— Misses Mary G.
Garety. Minnie Spillman; alternates. Miss
es D. McMullee, Margaret Marshall.
Santa Cruz No. 13 — Mrs. James Martin,
Miss Mollie Regan; alternates, Mrs. Wil
liam Baird, Mrs. G. L. Anderson.
San Luis Obispo No. 17— Mrs. Mary Or
tega: alternates, Mrs. M. Anderson, Mrs.
M. Ready.
San Francisco No. 18 — Misses Mary Mc-
Donough. Annie Daly; alternates. Misses
Mary McDonough. Mary Walsh.
San Francisco No. 19 — Miss Emeric Fitz
patrick. Miss A. Bagge; alternates, Mrs.
M. Holmes, Miss S. Gibbon.
San Francisco No. 20.— Mrs. Phil S.
Fay, Dr. Elizabeth Lynch; alternates,
Mrs. M. Halpin. Mrs. Edward Donnolly.
Hollister No. 21— Mrs. M. T. Doollng.
Mrs. M. J. Breen: alternates. Miss Maud
Herbert, Miss Agnes Hudner.
Santa Rosa No. 22— Miss Mary Carroll,
Miss Mary Dugan; alternates. Miss Ella
McGowan, Miss Lottie Aubrey.
Petaluma No. 23— Miss Lizzie Murphy;
alternate. Mrs. S. J. Connolly.
San Rafael No. 24— Miss Mary Schneider,
Mrs. E. J. Thomas: alternates, Mrs. Wil
liam Elliott, Mrs. Abbio Patchen.
San Francisco No. 25 — Miss Margaret
Nunan. Mrs. Margaret Schafer; alter
nates, Mrs. Maria Murphy, Miss Margaret
Lyons. __^_____^_____
The parchment of the best banjos is
made of wolfskin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
pf , yva In the old frontier days
////i'Jw rh hundreds of
//rXcaßi /\ —/*& pioneers were
' InS&tks I \ tortured and
v/r^v w?^ b ed K at th
'/ , y i^^wx stake by cruel
/ AkT* *i V^V /\ \l\ i ans - The
/ jSSI'— :£> /*^A \ V tortures en-
A.'FT^^Si^-^—cJaas dured by
S. > >J V — \W these mar "
c. * h^c^A v^^ // \i 7TS must
r-r>ri\i» /^*/ fr have been
, Jk\A pi' v / *»-7 (I something
\S~\\f(i[ \ '\ \v\ thousands of ;■
QW&fiijjs *£j \ jOl w ho are be-
~^£r'iWj~m c_<^tortured to
i*V^S^^C» ' , death at the
Zr^* 3^^- stake of dis-
"*" ease. Their
bodies cry out but in a language that only
the sufferers themselves can hear. When
a man is suffering in this way his body
cries out with an aching head, a sluggish
body, museies that are lax and lazy, a brain
that is dull, a stomach that disdains food
and nerves that will not rest.
■ A wise. man will heed these warnings and
will resort to the right remedy before it is
too late. Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Dis-
covery makes the appetite keen and hearty.
It invigorates the liver. It promotes the
natural processes, of secretion and excre-
tion. It makes the digestion and assimila-
tion perfect. - It purifies the blood and fills
it with the life-giving elements of the food.
It tears down old and worn-out tissues and
replaces them with the firm, muscular tis-
sues of health. It is the great blood-maker
and flesh-builder. It is the best nerve tonic.
It cures 98 per cent, of all cases of consump-
tion, weak lungs, bronchitis, lingering
coughs and kindred ailments. Found at
all medicine stores. Accept no substitute
that may be represented as "just as good."
The "just as good " kind doesn't effect
cures like the following :
' : " Twenty-five years ago eight different doctors
told me that I would live but a short time, that
I had consumption and must die," writes Geo.
R. Coope. Esq., of Myers Valley; PottawatomJe
Co., KanS.." I finally commenced taking Dr. :
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery and am still
; in the land and among the living.",
•■"'■; Don't suffer from constipation. Keep
the body, clean ' inside as well as outside.
Df. : Pierces Pleasant ; Pellets cure con-
stipation v and ;, biliousness. They never
gripe. All good dealers have them.
34
DEATH CLAIMS
JUDGE COOLEY
Michigan's Noted Jurist
Passes Away.
WAS A GREAT AUTHORITY
ON QUESTIONS OF CONSTITU
TIONAL LAW.
For Many Years Was a Member of
the State Supreme Court and
Later an Interstate Com
missioner.
Special Dispatch to Tfc© Call.
ANN ARBOR, Mich., Sept. 12.— Judge
Thomas M. Cooley, the noted Jurist and
constitutional lawyer, died early to-day
at his home. Three months ago he re
turned from a private sanitarium at
Flint, Mich., where he had been treated
chiefly for mental weakness. He was
then so much improved In mental
health that he was able to recognize
acquaintances. He realized his weak
physical condition and his failing men
tal faculties, and often expressed a wish
that death would come. Several weeks
ago he relapsed into a comatose con
dition. During the ensuing interval
the only intelligible utterance he made
was once when he inquired for hl3 eld
est son. His demise had been expected
for weeks past.
Thomas Mclntyre Cooley was born In
Attica, N. T., January 6, 1824. He be
gan the study of law in Palmyra, N. T.,
in 1842, and, removing to Michigan in
1843, completed his legal studies at Ad
rian, where he was admitted to the
bar in January, 1846. He practiced
his profession for the years following
at Tecumseh, after which he settled In
Adrian. For a time he edited a paper,
the Watch Tower. In 1857 the State
Senate assigned to him the work of
compiling the general etatutes of Mich
igan, which were published in two
volumes. In 1859 he was made profes
sor of law in the University of Michi
gan. Five years later he was elected
a Justice of the Supreme Court of the
State to fill a vacancy, and in 1869 he
was re-elected for the full term of eight
years. In 1868-69 he was Chief Jus
tice and in 1885 retired permanently
from the bench. In 1881 a school of
political science was established in the
University of Michigan, and Judge Coo
ley assumed the professorship of con
stitutional and administrative law. It
was in 1886 that he was given the chair
of American history in the Michigan
University, and at the same time he
became lecturer on constitutional law
and dean of the school of political
science. Among the works published
by Judge Cooley are: "Digest of Mich
igan Reports." 1S86; "The Constitu
tional Limitations Which Rest Upon the
Legislative Power of the States of the
American Union," 1868; enlarged edi
tion, 1871, and editions with copious
notes of Blackstone's "Commentaries."
IS7O, and Story's "Commentaries on the
Constitution of the Untted States,"
with additional chapters on the "New
Amendments," 1573; "The Law of Tax
ation," 1876; "The Law of Torts," 1879;
"General Principles of Constitutional
Law in the United States," 1880; "Mich
igan—A History of Governments," 1885.
It was while a member of the United
States Interstate Commerce Commis
sion in 18S8 that Judge Cooley paid a
visit to San Francisco.
HUT GO TO THE
SUPREME COURT
Contest of Barry and
Spelling.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— Secretary
of State Brown this afternoon heard
arguments in the contest of James H.
Barry and T. Carl Spelling, rivals for
designation on the State ticket as the
Democraic nominee for Congress in the
Fourth District, San Francisco. Spell
ing: appeared for himself, while "W. H.
Devlin represented Barry and the
State Central Committee.
The Secretary of State announced
after the hearing that he would decide
the case in a few days. It is probable,
however, that the point involved will
be taken to the Supreme Court for a
final decision by whichever party is
ruled against.
J. H. Barry was nominated in Sacra
mento by the delegates who were ap
pointed by the committee of one hun
dred under the call of the Democratic
State Central Committee. Spelling con
tended to-day that the State Central
Committee could not issue a call for
tho nomination of Congressman, but
that the call must be issued by the
Congressional Committee of each dis
trict. He claimed that his nomination
was properly secured after a mass
meeting in San Francisco had appoint
ed a committee which issued the call
for the Congressional convention. He
asserted that the Democratic State
Convention had nothing to do with the
work of the Congressional district con
ventions.
Secretary of State Brown informed
The Call correspondent this afternoon
that he had not yet prepared his decis
ion touching the party designation of
the stralpht-out and fusion Populists
on the State ticket, but that he would
do bo to-morro\vi
General Manderson Declines.
OMAHA, Sept. 12.— A tekpr.-im was re
ceived here this morning from General
Mandorson saying that he has declined
the proffer of a place on the Army Inves
tigating; Hoard. General Manderson has
notified President McKlnley of his ina
bility to serve.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Its least virtue is
that it lasts so.
Soap is for comfort;
the clean are comfort-
able.
JUDGE THOMAS McINTYRE COOLEY.
MIXED RACING AT
THE STATE FAIR
Don Minutos Wins the
Stanford Stake.
HE IS A SPEEDY YOUNGSTER
DISTANCES HIS FIELD IN THE
FIRST HEAT.
Osculation Annexes the Only Buy
ning Event, With. Libertine
Second and Wheel of
Fortune Third.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. U.— The pro
gramme of five racts for light harness
horses and one contest for the gallopers
looked quite attractive on paper, but all
the victories of the trotters and pacers
were won by such wld»» margins as to
cause no exciting thrills to chase up and
down the spine of the i »riest enthusiast
in the land. However, t:ie running race, j
won by Osculation, lightent-d up the race ;
track gloom materially ar.d the crowd
went home with few "kicks" to register
on the day's sport.
The weather was what might be termed
a Capital City fry, and a skeleton would
have been very likely to perspire freely
If placed In the middle of the grand stand
this afternoon. Of the six races, favorites |
won three and second choices three. A. I
THE CALL'S RACING CHART
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12, 1898.— Seventh day of the State Pair races.
Weather fair; track fast.
A. B. SPRECKELS. Presiding Judge. J. W. WILSON, Starter.
;- FIRST
mile heats, three In five; $750 net to winner.
FIRST HEAT.
%m.
Km.
Str.
Driver*.
... Dos Mlnutos
... Dr. Frasse
1 George Buckman
... I L B
2
1
4
3
16
2 12
4
3 2
1 16
2 10
4
3 1
1 25
2 20
4 2
5 2
1 30
2 25
4
3 1
1
>oom ....
l
2-5
8-5
8
8
1-5
a
10
■ 10
i ........
•Distanced.
Time. :3!>H. 1:15%. 1:50. 2:30. Good start. Won easily. Winner, D. E. Knight's eh. o.
by Melvar-Elmorene.
Dos Mlnutos completely outclassed his field. Hogoboom drove him out to distance the
lot. whirh he did.
6 SECOND RACE— 2:3O trot, mile dash; purse, $300.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Drivers.
11 Phoebe Chllders
11 Shelby
(11) Mamie Rlley
11 Joe Selby
11 Harry Marvin
... Listerine
6 Diana
11 Neereta
4 3 2
1 2 6
5 4 S
2 11
7 6 5
6 5 1
3 7 S
8 8
3 5
2 3
4 10
1 2
5 2
6 Mi
7 6
S
2.%
12
! 4 10
84
5 8
6 4
78
8
2 1
1 %
4 8
3 2
6 1
6 5
7 8
8
i 1 %
2 2
3 10
4 6
"6%
6 4
7 8
8
mn .... |
uez
v;:::::
4
4
1-2
10
«
10
5
8
■::::::::'
sy
Time. :34, 1:07, 1:40, 2:
by Sir Roderick by Victor
Phoebe Chlldcrs won t
peared not to be able to g
clafoed.
16^4. Good start. Won driving. Winner, L. E. Clawson's b. m.
Patchen.
trough Shelby breaking in last sixty yards. Mamie Rlley ap-
et up at any stage. Joe Selby had his usual speed. Rest out-
|*T THIRD RACE— 2:I7 trotting, mile dash; purse, $300.
Km.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
(12) Prince Gift
7 May B
12 Lou
3 Myrtle Thorne
3 Dlamont
12 Our Jack 1
(12) Prince Gift 4 13 14 16 15 13 Kent 2-5 1-4
7 May B 5 46 23 28 22 2n Hellman 3 4
12 Lou 3 21 44 ?, 33 38 Donathan .... 5 5
3 Myrtle Thome 2 32 34 45 43 44 Gordon 10 12
3 Dlamont 6 012 6 8 &10 68 512 Hogoboom 5 6
12 Our Jack | 1 6 6 8 6__ 6 [Sullivan [ 5 5
Time. :34V4, 1:0", 1:40, 2:15%. Good start. Won easily. Second and third driving. Win^
ncr J. B. Iverson's l>r. p. by Good Gift-Kentucky Tlelle.
Prince Gift otltclaned his field and was as steady as a clock. May B finished very
strong. Lou tired a little in last few yards. Myrtle Thorne prominent for over half a
mile. Dlamont not much. Our Jack broke on first turn and was soon out of It.
4
5
3
2
6
1
1 8
4 6
2 1
3 2
0 12
6
14
2 3
4 4
3 4
68
6
1 6
2 8
3 »4
4 5
6 10
: 6 -
1 5
2 2
3 3
4 3
5 g
6
1 3
2 n
3 8
4 4
5 12
6
lan
han ....
n
worn
ah j
|n FOURTH RACE— 2:2S pacing, mile daph; purse, $300.
Mm.-.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Drivers.
netting:.
~>P- Cl.
(8) :
*8
8
8
8 ■'
14
8
3y Margaret
Jalla B
lie W
us Simons
rry J
ra H
ff Topsail
\ Louise
2
7
S
8
1
6
3
4
1 1
6 2
7 15
6 10
3 1
• 4 1
8
2 2
1 2
5 4
6 12
': 4 10
5 5
7 10
8-
2 H ■' ■
1 4
6 \i ■
6 15
8 4
4 6
7 1
8
2 %
: 1 2 ,
6 1
6 10
3 3
I"
8
44 • -
12
2 4
8 4
4 4
5 10
6 5
72
8 •
urree ........
unch ...."....
,>mpe ■•.;....■.
lbertson ....
[avey ;........
ddy .........
mtth .........
~~2 2
4 6
4-5 7-5
4 4
2 3
6 W
8 10
4 S
'onathan |
Time. :334. I:OFV4. 1:89
gar«t Adams' br. m. by i
Lady Margaret was al
Eelle W came from the c!
J looked like a wlnn.-r vi
furlont,-*. ■
2:17. Good start. Won first three driving. Winner, Mrs. Mar-
ar Sultan by son of Oeorßp Wilkes.
out nnd wr-hlillnß badly nt. the finish. Majella B finished fast
uda. Silas Simons tired lat?t part after being In the hunt Harry
to last sixteenth, when he broke. Mia Louise prominent for six
|Q FIFTH RACE— 2:IS pacing, mile dash; purse, $300.
Horse.
%m. %m.
Btr.
Drivers.
r
13 Much Better
14 Rex Alto
13 Beach-wood
14 Pietatress
... Primrose
(14) Dlawood
... Peanut
1 • 15 .•■
7 ' 6 ■--
5 4 1
2 2 3
4 3 1
6 - 5 8
1 ■■-"■■ t : ■
15
4 I
'68
2 2:
3 1
6
18 ,16
2 2 '2 3
55 4 1
3 3 SI
41 6 4
6- 6
1 6
•2 3
3 1
' 4 1
5 4
6
nuncn ........
Dor.athan ....
Tinker ...:.....
Kont
Abelea :..
Holmes .....v.
Williams :.~r..
3-6
3
3
•Rex Alto placed last for running under wire. tPulled up.
Time. :32, 1:05. 1:37, 2:12%. Poor start. Won driving. Second and third driving. Winner
Vendome Stock Farm's b. m. by Charles Perby-None Better.
Much Better was rather lucky, for with an even break Rex Alto might have beaten
her. Beachwood made up some ground. Dlctatresa tired a little. Primrose paced a fair
rac*
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
B. Spreckels, M. F. Tarpey and General
Barrett were the Judges, Mr. Spreckels
presiding and Mr. Tarpey acting as start
er of the light harness horses, at which
work he did fairly well.
The Stanford stake, mile heats, three in
five, for foals of 1595, had four starters.
Dos Minutos, a chestnut colt by Captain
Harris' old campaigner, Melvar, dam El
more.ne, was at 2 to 5 in the betting, and,
going further and further away from his
opponents all the time, won by over a
sixteenth of a mile, distancing the bunch
and settling the argument in one heat.
Time, 2:30. Dos Minutos' opponents. If
such they could be called, were Dr.
Frasse, George Buckman and I. L. B.
In the 2:30 class trot, mile dash Mamie
Rlley was a 1 to 2 favorite, Phoebe Chll
ders 4 to 1, Shelby 5 to 1, the others 6 to
12 to 1. After scoring half a dozen times,
they were away to a fair start. Shelby
led 'for about a furlong. Then Joe Selby
wont to the front, leading Shelby by a
Small margin past the quarter and half,
with Phoebe Chllders third, the favorite
away back fourth. Shelby passed to the
front on the final turn and Joe Selby
dropped back beaten. Shelby looked a
winner up to the last sixty yards, when
he broke, and Donathan shot PhoebeChil
ders in a winner by a haJf length, Shelby
second, two lengths before Mamie Riley,
Joe Selby a poor fourth. Time, 2:16>4.
A mile dash for 2:17 class trotters came
third on the programme, and Prince Gift
was a 3 to 10 favorite. To a good start
Prince Gift assumed a decided lead in the
first furlong and held it all the way
around, winning with ease by three
lengths, May B beating Lou a neck for
the place in a hard drive. Myrtle Thorne
was prominent for over a half mile. Our
Jack broke on the first turn and lost fully
twenty-five lengths. The time was 2:lsVi.-
The fourth race for 2:26 pacers, one
mile, had eight starters-. Belle W was
made the favorite, her price being 6 to 5:
Lady Margaret was at 2 to 1. Harry J 11
to 5, Majel!a B and Silas Simons 4 to 1,
Mia Louise 5, the others 8 and 10 to 1.
To a good start after several scores and
a break .in Majella B's rigging, Lady Mar
garet soon got to the fore and remained
there to the end, though she was very
tired and shaky at' the wind up. Her run
ning margin was two lengths. Majella B
finished second and Belle W (who made
up a lot of ground from the half) third.
Harry J looked like a winner half way
down the homestretch, but went tnto the
air to a bad hobble when about a nlx
teenth from home. Mia Louise was sec
ond for six furlongs. Time, 2:17; first
half In l:05y 2 .
There were seven starters In the 2:15
clasß trot, a mile dash. Much Better was
a 8 to 5 favorite, Beachwood and Rex Alto
SIX HUNDRED BURNED
ALIVE OR MASSACRED
LONDON, Sept. 12.— The correspondent of the Times at Candia,
Crete, who has just landed after five days In the roadstead, says:
About six hundred men, women and children were either burned
alive or massacred in the outbreak last week. The Turkish troops
are now patrolling and blocking up the streets. The Mussulmans are
ransacking the ruins of the burned quarters of the town. Blood is
visible everywhere. Such bodies of the slain as were not burned were
removed yesterday in carts and buried outside the town limits.
3 to 1 each, Dlawood 5, the others from 12
to 30. To a poor go. Much Better at once
paced well to the front, leading Dictatress
by five lengths past the quarter and naif.
Then Rex Alto paced very fast, coming
from sixth place to second before thej
swung into the homestretch, Dictatress
third. Much Better's lead of eight lenguis
was cut down to less than three half way
down the stretch, but Rex Alto went into
a gallop and kept it up to the end. Much
Better was first by six lengths. Rex Alto
second three lengths before Beachwood,
she a length in front of Dictatress, f rim
rose another length away. Time 2:12%.
Rex Alto was set back for running,
Beachwood being placed second and Dic
tatress third. ...
A seven and a half furlong race wound
up the day's sport. Libertine was a 4 to
5 favorite, Osculation at 6 to B, Hermanita
3% to 1, Wheel of Fortune 7 to 1.
To a good start Libertine took a slight
lead at once, but Osculation was never
over two lengths away. She moved up
on even terms with the big horse on the
final turn and beat him out with ease
by half a length. Wheel of Fortune third,
four lengths back. Time, I:3G.
TO-DAY'S STATE FAIR BAOEb.
Horses That Will Start and the Over-
Night Betting.
SACRAMENTO, Sept. 12.— Following le the
programme for to-morrow and the odds laid In
Humphrey" 8 poolroom:
First race. Belling, six furlongs:
P. A. Finnegan, 105.. 6-1 Dckturuck 102....... 10-1
Amana. 102 SrljSp't McAllister, 120.. 8-6
Lady Britannic. 103 . . 8-1 j IVlaJor Cook, 108 4-1
Montallade, 110 2K-ll
Second race, selling, six and a half furlongs:
Manzanillo, 104 5-1 Rnsemald. 98.. 8-1
Ringmaster. 102 3-1 .Glenn Ann, 98.. .... ..6-1
renrica, 104 10-1 Adam Andrew, 107.. .5-1
Koko, 107 3-1 iStepabout, 98 7-6
Third race, selling, mile:
Shaeta Water, 106.. .7-10 Polish, 106. .... |-5
Harry Thoburn, 105..5-lloe Terry, 106 8-1
Fourth race, handicap, six furlongs:
Casdnle. 100 2Mrl Faversham. 100 4-1
Vi-ntoro, 120 1-2 ; Ranler, 100 8-1
Fifth race, handicap, mile and an eighth:
Cromwell, 115 2-l|Morlnga, 102 8-5
Scarborough, 103.... 2^-1 !3rady. 110 8-5
Sixth race, Belling, six furlongs:
Outgo. 102 10-ljJuanlta, 99 .8-1
Christine, 107 10-l|3an Mateo. 122 8-10
Fig Leaf, 99 4-1 '
BALTIMORE FALLS
TO THE SENATORS
NATIONAL LEAGUE STANDING.
Clube- W. L. Pet | Clubs- W. L Pet.
Boston 80 42 .655 Plttsburg ...63 62 .504
Cincinnati ..T» 47 .627 Philadelphia 59 59 .500
Baltimore ...73 46 .613; Louisville ...54 72 .429
Cleveland ...70 f>l .579; Brooklyn ....48 70 .89,
Chicago 69 67 .548, Washington 41 i>2 .333
New York. -.66 66 .541iSt. Louis 84 80 .274
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 18.—Philadel
phia was never In to-day's game. Boston
played all the points, making everything
count and winning easily. Attendance
3100. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Philadelphia 1 » <
Batteries^Platt and iicFariand; Lewis and
Bergen. Umpires— Gaffney and Smith.
BALTIMOBK, Sept. 12.— The Baltimore
club forgot how to bat Mercer at critical
stages of to-day's game and the Senators
earned their victory by clean-cut, fast
work. Attendance 2500. Score:
Clubs— R- H. E.
Baltimore 4 11 I
Washington 5 9 0
Batteries— McJames and Robinson; Mercer
and Farrell. Umpire— Brown.
PITTSBURO. Sept. 12.— Inability to hit
Hart and two errors by Dahlen defeated
the Chlcagoß. Kattoll pitched a good
game, but allowed the locals to bunch
their hits in the Bixth. Attendance 1200.
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Pittsburg 8 8 0
Chicago 14 2
Batteries— Hart and Bowerman; Kattoll and
I Chance. Umpire — McDonald.
CHOYNSKI FAILS TO
PUT OUT GODDARD
PHILADELPHIA, Sept. 12.— Joe Choyn-
Bkl hod all the better of It in his bout
with Joe Goddard to-night at the Arena.
Gyddard was considerably heavier than
the Californian, but he lacked in sci
ence. Choynskl made a chopping block
of the Australian, and several times it
looked as though Goddard. would not be
able to stay the full six rounds.
There was but little fighting in the
opening round. The men exchanged
rights on the face, and Goddard landed
a light left on Choynskl' a 1 chest. In the
second round Choynski landed several
lefts on Goddard's face, but the latter
could not get in a blow. The third,
fourth and fifth rounds were repetitions
of the second, Choynskl doing nearly all
the leading and landing almost at will.
In the closing round Goddard fought
wildly, while Choynskl was calm, and
banged Goddard on the jaw, sending him
to his knees. Choynski landed hard and
often, but could not stop the Australian.
While the gong was sounding a spec
tator stepped into the ring and attempted
to hit Goddard, but he was quickly
thrown from the platform.
. «
BONNER WINS HIS
FIGHT WITH CREEDON
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— "Jack" Bonner,
the middle-weight pugilist from Summitt,
Pa., gained an easy victory over Dan
Creedon, the Australian boxer, in the sec
ond round of their fight at the Greater
New York Athletic Club to-night. Cree
don was knocked down by a heavy right
hand punch on the Jaw, and in falling he
twisted his right ankle. He was not
knocked out by any means, but the blow
he received was one to settle the boxing
aspirations of any man. He groped
around and tried to regain his feet while
the referee was counting off the seconds,
but his ankle was too badly injured for
him to stand up straight and he fell again
and was counted out. Had this not oc
curred the fight might have gone on for
many rounds.
The spectators were satisfied that Dan
was not faking, and left the house after
having been informed that the doctor who
attended the Australian had found the
ankle badly sprained.
LONG SPEAKS OF
NAVAL LEGISLATION
Bills by Which It Is Now Proposed
to Properly Regulate Pro
motion.
BOSTON, Sept. 12.— Before leaving for
Washington to-day Secretary of the
Navy Long was asked about a bill pre
pared by him concerning promotions in
the navy. He said the bill relates to pro
motion without the consequent degrada
tion of others. A second bill deals with
the officers who have suffered in numbers
and otherwise by promotions already
made and aims so to provide that they
shall receive the promotion which would
have come to them at a certain time had
no exceptional promotions been made.
OCCIDENTAL TRAGEDY.
SANTA ROSA. Sept. 12.— Fred Weiner,
a prominent farmer of Occidental, shot
and killed Louis Samoni this morning.
"Weiner gave himself up to the officers.
He claims that he killed the man in seU'
dc'fense. A charge of murder was filed in
Justice Brown's court this afternoon by
Constable Pride of Occidental. The two
men quarreled, and Weiner claims Samoni
had gone to get an ax to kill him.
GEORGE KRATS'
SPLENDID RACE
Runs a Mile in 1:40 3-4
at Newport.
JOCKEY MATTHEWS IN FORM
CALIFORNIAN FIRST ON THREE
MOUNTS.
At Hawthorne Dr. Rowell's Whit
comb Wins at Juicy Odds — En
chanter Outfoota a Field
of Fast Sprinters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CINCINNATI. Sept. 12.-George Krats
■won a good race at Newport to-day, cov
ering a mile In 1:40%. The weather was
pleasant; the track perfect. Summaries:
First race, five furlongs:
Air Blast, 120 (J. Matthews), even I
Press Kimball, 110 (F. Thompson), 3 to 1 and
6 to 5 2
Eberhart, 110 (T. Knight), 8 to 1 8
Time, 1:01%.
Undue, Tortugfas, Ed Roth, The Bondsman,
Spree, Ward H, Frank McConnell, Rice, Over
Jordan and Dr. Nembula also ran.
Second race, six and a half furlongs, selling:
lola, 103 (J. Matthews), 8 to 1 1
Tit for Tat. 108 (Van Dusen), 1 to 2 and 8 to 5. 2
Maggie S, 108 (Gleason), 4 to 1 t
Time, 1:20*4.
Mazeppa, The Navy, Lufra, Can Gallop, Mitt
Boykln, Turtle Dove, Groganette and Tutullla
v I ■ ran.
Third race, mile and an eighth, selling:
Ray H. 107 (Brltton), 6 to 1 I
Joe Shelby, 100 (W. Dean). 8 to 2 and 1 to a... 2
Barton, 105 (Morrison), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:35^.
Lena Myers, Marltl. Jack Hayes. Sue Nell,
Ben O'Fallon, Evanatua, Gage, Laura May and
Mr. Gus alao ran.
Fourth race, one mile:
George Krats, 109 (J. Matthews), 5 to 1 1
Lanky Bob, 112 (Gleason), 7 to 10 and out 2
Dauber, 99 (Shackelford), 10 to 1 8
Time, 1:40%.
Provolo, Ennomlna, Guide Rock and White
Leaf also ran.
Fifth race, six furlongs, celling:
Galathee, 100 (Knight), 8 to 6 1
Bessie Ewing, 102 (Gilmore), 8 to 1 and 3 to 1. 3
Prul Garret, 97 (Southard), 7 to 1 S
Time, 1:15%.
Rose Ash, Manana, Ed Tipton, Furo, Nancy
Seltz and Aneroid also ran.
Hlxth race, mile and an eighth, selling:
Chiqulta 11, 91 (Dugan), 50 to 1 1
Evaline. 110 (Van Dusen), 7 to 1 and 8 to 1... 3
Libation. 97 (Frost), 5 to 2 3
Time, 1:55H-
Dudley E, Helen H. Gardiner, Royal Dance.
Pop Dlxon, Prosecutor, Jack Bradley and Otto
H also ran.
CHICAGO, Sept IS.— Hawthorne results:
Weather cool; track fast.
First race, five furlongs — Splrituelle, 1 to 2,
won; Tulla Fonao, 2 to I second; Olf?ka third.
Time, l:01Vi.
Second race, six furlongs — Enchanter, 9 to 5,
won; O'Connell, 6 to 6, second; Dlgga third.
Time, 1:14^4.
Third race, mile and a furlong— lmp, 8 to 6,
won; Crocket. 2 to 1, second; John Bright
third. Time, 1:53.
Fourth race, one mile— Found, 2 to i, won;
Yuba Dam, even, second; Ollle Dlxon, third.
Time, 1:40%.
Fifth race, six furlongs — Whltcomb, 6 to 1,
won; Sangamon, 5 to 2, second; Bryan third.
Time, 1:154. Amelia Fonso finished second,
Cherry Flame third, but both were disqualified
for fouling.
Sixth race, one mile — Miss Llziie, 15 to 1
won; Cutter, 6 to 2, seoond; Idle Hour third.
Time. 1:41.
BUFFALO, N. T., Sept. 12— At Fort Erie
this afternoon the weather was fair and the
track fast. Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs, selling —
Chrystaveilo won. Eclipse second. Venetian
third. Time, 1:09%.
Becond race, five and a half furlongs — By
George won, Garrabrant second, Cavote third.
Time, 1:10.
Third race, one mile — Ed Fan-el won. Henry
Launt second. Simon D third. Time. 1:41.
Fourth race, six furlongs — Dick Warren won.
Sleepy Bell second. Lord Farrondale third.
Time, 1:15%.
Fifth race, mile and a sixteenth— Tony Hon
ing won, Lena second, Onseca third. Time,
1:49.
Sixth race, clx furlongs— Damocles won, De
brlde second, V. R. Customs third. Time. 1:14.
BEY. DR. CBUMMELL DEAD.
Was One of the Best Known Negro
Clergymen in the Union.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Rev. Dr. Alex
ander Crummell, who lies dead in this
city, was one of the best known negro
clergymen in the United States. He was
the founder and former rector of St. Luke's
Protestant Episcopal Church, Washing
ton; president of the Colored Ministers'
Union and the founder and president of
the American Negro Academy. In 1897
he organized in New York the American
Negro Academy, an organization of au
thors, artists and scholars.
ADVERTISEMENTS. .
PIT THE MONEY IN BANK.
• ; Our success during the past seventeen years
has ! convinced us that we can cure all dis-
eases and weakness of men. The price of a
cure may. be ; deposited in any bank or repu-
table business - house In San Francisco, "to be
paid to us when the patient is satisfied, and
NOT BEFORE. ; • ,
. Correspondence and all transactions sacredly
confidential. . Private book and advice free at
office or by mall. - ; . '- '
DR. MEYERS & CO.,
731 Market St., San Francisco.
TIF n rrnriTAn Hours dally BtoUWto 5.
TAKE ELEVATOR n 
/t?T*k L A D I E S mwo not
F^T DR. FELIX LEBRUN'B
w' a \ Steel I Pennyroyal Treatment :
I -J is the original and only FRENCH, \
- i " C safe and reliable core on the mar-
V ***■ ket.>Price. $1.00; sent by maiL
r :■ : ' -^ Genuine sold only by
. < GEO. DAHLBENDER •*" CO., Sol* Agents,
114 Kearny. et., Ban Francisco. ■ ;
ADVERTISEMENTS.
HOW—^— '
A WEEK'S WAGES,
A MONTH'S HOUSE RENT,
A MONTH'S GROCERY BILL.
You can accomplish all this saving buying
clothing here. It's because you deal direct with
us the makers. There's no one between us. It's
four blocks' walk from Kearny and Market streets to
our store. It's the biggest money-saving walk in the
city, for a dollar here equals two elsewhere in pur-
chasing power. For style* fit and wear our garments
have no equal.
MEN'S, BOYS' AND CHILDREN'S SIX FLOORS FULL
SUITS AND OVERCOATS. OF NEW FALL STYLES.
ONCE A CUSTOMER ALWAYS A CUSTOMER.
BROWN BROS. & CO.,
Wholesale Clothing Manufacturers,
Proprietors Oregon City Woolen Mills,
121-123 Sansome Street,
Between Bush and Pine.
Look for All Blue Signs.
LOOK OUT FOR IMITATORS
I Dress Well I
6 ♦
♦ Fop Little Money.
I $2.50 !
9 FOR THIS NOBBY TIB. 9
♦ PXJRMER PRICE, $8 60.
O This lot consists of the very latest °
♦ Imported patent leather ♦
J OXFORD TIE.
O New Coin Toes, French Damask Bilk O
▲ Vesting Tops, French Heels, all +
q sizes and widths. o
V We must close these out to make 4
♦ room for new lines to arrive. q
I NURSES' SHOES i
O Tlie same shoe that Is used In all the X
9 best hospitals In the country. Made of V
♦ stout kid. with medium weight soft ▼
O flexible noiseless soles, rubber heels, O
4 hand sewed and the piioe ♦
♦ — ♦
O Country orders solicited. O
♦ Bend for Illustrated Catalogue. 4
o B. KATCHINSKI, t
O PHILADELPHIA SHOE COMPANY, O
X 10 THIRD ST., San Franoifloo. %
X ♦
Weekly Gan,sl.so Der Year
Because Ripans Tabules are not to be fc«n<s
In every drug store, a man who needs them some-
times has to send for them to the manufacturers,
although the druggist will generally get them if
the customer insists. " I would not be without
Ripans Tabules for any money," writes an engi*
neer of the Houston & Texas Central R. R.;
"for every disturbance of the stomach they arc thq
best remedy I ever heard of in this worlds
opoooooooooooooooa
?w PALACE wj
'GRAND hotels o
X BAH FRANCISCO. , q
, ;** Connected by a , covered paaaageway. 
.0 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Both Attached. **
0 All Under One Management O
! 0 NOTE THE PRICKS; O
_ Boropean Plan. 8 1.00 per day and upward n
V American Plan. f 8.00 per day and upward <«*
Q Correßpondence Solicited. ■■ . ' Q
0 JOES 0. liaSFATBICa, liugtf. Q
Q.O OOQOOOOOOOOOOO OQ
MAKE PERFECT MEN
_smih_ BO NOT DESPAIR ! Do not But-
i(SS*B6&A. fer Longer! The Joys and ambitions of
/aKii^** uL life can be restored to you. The very
Kjf JS worst cages of Kerroai Debility ar*
■I TfH| absolutely cured by PEKFECTO
4*V x TABLETS. GlTe prompt relief to In-
' UK '^^■HMTsomnia, failing memory and the wast«
qjn^jgljr and drain of vital powers, incurred by
< ?TAMBy indiscretions or excesses of eanly years.
'* BR *"T. Impart T!(for and potency to eTeryroao-
; tion. Brace up the system. Give ydflaW bloom to th«
cheeks and lustre to the eyes of /j^t~\ young or old.
One Me box renews vital energy. IJIIJB boxes at
$3. »0& complete guaranteed cure TnTnT or money re-
funded. Can be carried in vest > *Hs*' pocket. Sold
everywhere, or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt of
price by THE rBRFECTO CO., Caztoa BMf., Chlearo, 111.
i Sold by Owl Drue Co., San Fran, and Oakland.*
!I)r.mcniilty:
TIHIB WELL-KNOWN AND RELIABLE OLD
A. Specialist Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men only. Boole on Private Diseases and
Weaknesses of Men, free. Over 20y'rV experience.
Patients cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hours 9
toBdaily;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation free and sacredly confidential. Call, address
Dr. P. JROSCOE McSULTY,
26V.; Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal. ,
'■'sflfiTflsSiTti**-! If BI * P'■ . * non-polsonot»
rT'^Q toT Gonorrhoea;-
Gleet, Spermatorrhoea.
jBHBr in l tosd«Ti.^l Whites, nnn&tnral dia-'
ANT n Ocaranwsl « charges, or any inflamma.
&S«Pr." to stricture. "■ tion, irritation or ulcera-
g-JPr.T«u eaatacioa. tion of m neons niem-
»Ts>aTHEEVAH3 CHEUsnuCo. brands- Son-astrine»nt.
WMmCINCINMaTI .0 JBWf **»ld by DrutjsrUta,
■ Tm •P. 3. i. SaFS r Mnt in lain wrapper.
AraffinK^l fc- 00 -, 0 ' 3 oottlea, |i:7A.
"*w^Bffl»^V ■ Circular wet on request,
- ! .
ODEWEY,STRONG&CO.^?SV
patents! ;)
MARKET ST&R^SSS^E. F. LOUD IS
RENOMINATED
FOR CONGRESS
Fifth District Republi
can Convention.
AT SESSION AT SHIELS HALL
SENATOR E. I. WOLFE THE ONLY
OPPOSING CANDIDATE.
M. H. de Young, D. M. Burns and the
Southern Pacific Turned Down
by the District
Delegates.
The Republicans of the Fifth Con
gressional District yesterday nominated
Hon. Eugene F. Loud for their candi
date for Congress. His opponent before
HON. EUGENE F\ LOUD.
The Republican Nominee for Congress F*rom
the F"ifth Congressional District.
the nominating convention was State
S< nator Edward I. Wolfe.
For several days Immediately preced
ing the assembling of the convention
the most strenuous efforts were put
forth to defeat Mr. Loud. Delegates
who were pledged to his support by the
people who elected them were sought
out and urged to vote against him. The
prime movers in the plan to accomplish
Loud's defeat wero M. 11. de Young.
Dan M. Burns and the Southern Pacific
Railroad corporation. Leading dele
gates to the convention were Inter
viewed and urged to join the movement
to turn down Mr. Loud.
The friends of Mr. Loud were at first
Inclined to treat the rumors of oppo
sition to his renomination as idle talk
without foundation in fact, but as one
delegate after another told the story
that the Southern Pacific and Burns
had Joined De Young in a crusade
against the Congressman the reports
could no longer be regarded as trivial
gossip.
The plans bo adroitly laid and vigor
ously supported did not win. The op
position succeeded In rallying only
seventeen votes In support of Senator
Wolfe.
The convention was called to order in
Shiels Hall at 1:30 o'clock yesterday
afternoon. J. Alva Watt was elected
chairman and E. D. Crawford was
chosen as secretary. Little time was
consumed in preliminaries. When the
chair announced that nominations
were in order William A. Beasly of
Ban Jose stepped to the platform and
presented to the assembled delegates
the name of Hon. Eugene F. Loud. Mr.
Beasly did not affect oratorical poses
or aspire to great flights of eloquence,
but in a simple, persuasive style set
forth the merits of his candidate.
Reference was made to Mr. Loud'a long
and honorable service in Congress.
Special mention wu made of .Mr.
Loud's devotion to the Interests of the
fruit grow* is and producers of the
Santa Clara Valley. Tribute was paid
to the Congressman's loyalty to Repub
lican principles, his courage, consis
tency and fidelity to the cause of hon
est money when many Republicans
were ready to waver.
The nomination of Mr. Loud was sec
onded by Charles Sonntag.
Ex-State Senator Frank McGowan
presented the name of Edward I. Wolfe.
He spoke of the new era in political
affairs and the necessity for the in
fusion of young blood. Gold standard
of money and protection of industry
were established, and new questions of
territorial expansion and commercial
patriotism had arisen to demand the
attention of statesmen. He believed
that Mr. Wolfe would fitly represent
In Congress the new ideas.
E. A. Bergerot seconded the nomina
tion of Mr. Wolfe.
Ira (J. Iloitt, whose recollection of
Byronlc verse has been dulled since
he moved from San Francisco to San
Mateo County, remarked that he was
like a young lady with two
suitors — "How happy he would be
vvith either were 'tother dear
charmer away." He knew Mr.
Loud and Mr. Wolfe as worthy and
capable Republicans. He fancied that
Senator Wolfe was needed in the Leg
islature to help in the election of a Re
publican United States Senator. Air.
Loud's eminent services in Congress
were cited, and the convention was
a.sked to uphold the hands of the ad
ministration by renomlnating the able
representative of the fifth District.
On motion nominations were closed.
P. B. Cornwall and I. G. Truman de
sired that the candidates should ad
dress the delegates, but the convention
decided In favor of proceeding at once
to the ballot.
The ballot resulted In Loud getting
ninety-nine and Wolfe seventeen votes.
San Mateo cast nine votes for Loud.
Santa Clara County gave Loud thirty
one and Wolfe two votes.
Before the result was announced E.
A. Bergerot moved that Mr. Load's
nomination be declared unanimous, and
the motion prevailed.
When the applause Bubslded there
were many calls for Mr. Loud. He went
to the platform and made a model
speech of acceptance. Speaking of his
fifth nomination for Congress and his
Congressional service of eight years,
ho remarked that the fluties of the po
sition were not always pleasant, but
the pleasure of again receiving the In
dorsement of the convention amply re
paid him for the trials he had sus
tained. He pictured the deplorable con
dition of the Democratic party to-day.
A party with a hard money record of
a century was now taking Its orders
from the Populists. Nominations were
dictated by the Populists. He ad- I
monished Republicans not to deceive I
themselves with the idea that they
would have a walk-over this year. The
opposition was peculiar, but it was ac
tive. The Democrats, while indorsing
and commending the administration of
President McKlnley, were opposing the
Republican party.
"The Republican party," observed
Mr. Loud, "has a record that it can well
be proud of. We promised the people
two years ago to bring order out of
chaos. Have we kept our promise? We
have conducted a war to successful
conclusion, and to-day there is the sum
of $206,000,000 in the public treasury.
Never before in history did the United
States stand s.o firmly, so grandly and
splendidly before the nations of the
world as to-day. The most serious
questions now confront us. There is an
American spirit of patriotism and
commercialism which demands that
wherever the American flag is raised It
shall never be torn down. To govern
the new acquisitions will require wis
dom and experience."
In closing Mr. Loud pledged to do his
full duty to the best of his ability in
case of his re-election to Congress.
Senator Wolfe, responding to calls,
went to the platform and promised that
his voice should be heard in Mr. Loud's
behalf during the campaign. He pre
dicted the re-election of Mr. Loud and
the complete triumph of Republican
principles.
Following are the names of the men
appointed by Congressman E. F. Loud
to compose the committee on purity of
election:
Mark Sheldon, William B. Cluff, J. H.
Thompson, Arthur Attrldge and J. J.
Cullunden.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
CLIFT ACCUSES
M. H. DE YOUNG
The Oakland Judge Says
Bitter Things.
WITHDRAWS HIS CANDIDACY
WANTED THE NOMINATION FOB
DISTRICT ATTORNEY.
Miss Bessie "Wood Would Like to Be
the Next Coroner — Other Can
didates Who Are in
the Field.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. lV
Only seven days more and then the mo
mentous question of who shall represent
the Republicans of Alarneda In the next
county government and the next Legisla
ture will be settled.
The appearance of the streets to-day
suggested mat the convention was actu
ally being held on Broadway, and prob
ably the appearance was not as deceptive
as such are usually said to be. The ap
proach of the convention naturally in
creases the Interest and the self-confi
dence of many so freely expressed a week
ago is now being prefaced with an "if."
Justice Fred Cllft, who entered the con
test for the nomination of District At
torney three months ago, announced his
■withdrawal this morning. In his pub
lished statement he gives five reasons why
he withdraws. He declares that his can
didacy Is obnoxious to the Southern Pa
cific Railroad "and Henry Dalton. who
have formed a political alliance for mu
tual aid, prolit, advantages and protec
tit'ii." "Without offering any proof Judge
Cllft says that the entire county and Leg
islative ticket from top to bottom has
been programmed. In his third reason
he says: "The Third Ward, in which I
have resided since childhood, Is pro
grammed In the interests of Mr. de Young
for United States Senator, and I have
been informed that I shall not be per
mitted to .have a delegation there unless
such delegation is put up with my money,
and in the interest of Henry Dalton and
the railroad company." There is also a
reference to some unnamed candidate
who, it is said, is "faithful among the
faithless" and who is to be thrown down
by "one who is not and never has been a
Republican." In conclusion. Judge Clift
says he realizes that he cannot l»eat the
inlliiences that are at work against him.
The retirement of Cllft leaves the field
open to Justice J. J. Allen and Prosecut
ing Attorney Melvin.
The usual bitter contest for the nomina
tion for Coroner is daily becoming more
apparent. James Taylor, an undertaker,
months ago announced that If he were
elected he would donate all the fees
earned by the Coroner to the Associated
Charities.
Dr. Mehrmann is after the Republican
nomination. Miss Bessie Wood also makea
a £id for ot'icial favors. She would like
to be Coroner and declares that if she
■were elected to the high office of Coroner,
she would present every Juror that sat
on an inquest under her administration
with a red necktie as a memento of the
occasion.
Another sensation was caused by the
public announcement that A. K. Grim
has decided to go before the county as an
independent cauaiuate lot rCoourucr. ....
Grim has been making a campaign
against C. H. Spear for the Berkeley
delegation and was largely backed by the
street railroad men, but he now declares
that he prt-fers to go before the people
as an independent Republican than to
ceek a nomination from the convention.
County Clerk Jordan has been, indorsed
by nearly ev<;ry attorney in the county,
and many leading bankers and merchants
have also signed a testimonial to his
worth.
The Bimetallic League has announced
that noxt Friday evening Hon. James G.
Magulre will speak at the tabernacle.
On Thursday evening the middle-of-the
road faction of the People's party will
hold its county convention. Primaries
were held on Saturday, at which the
tost included a promise to oppose fusion.
The Third Ward Republican Club will
meet to-morrow night and will indorse
Judge Allen for District Attorney. Next
Friday night the club will give a
"smoker."
The Alameda County Bimetallic League
met to-night to arrange for the Magulre
meeting next Friday. A committee con
sisting of President F. W. Voogt. Secre
tary 11. A. Ingalls. Perry Wall and Dr.
H. A. L. Ryfkogel, was appointed to con
fer with the committees of other organi
zations in making the affair a success.
P. J. Keller. "Mayor of Piedmont," will
furnish the tropical plants with which the
tabernacle is to be decorated.
Resolutions were adopted indorsing the
candidacy of Judge Magulre for Governor
and John Aubrey Jones for Congressman
from the Third Congressional District,
and pledging the support of the league.
It was declared the sense of the league
that a fusion of the Democratic, Populistlc
and Silver Republican parties on county
candidates is desirable. Before adjourn
ment John Aubrey Jones made a brief
address in which ho admitted that he
could not win his fight single handed,
and th.it the doctrine of 16 to 1 is aa live
as ever it was.
DEMOCRATIC LEADERS CONFER.
Candidate Maguire and His Political
Advisers Meet and Discuss
Campaign Plans.
The Initial session of the Democratic
State Executive Committee last night at
the California Hotel was attended by
James G. Magulre, Mayor Phelan, W. H.
Alforrt, A. Camlnetti, J. L. Gallagher,
Charles W. Fay. J. C. McKlnstry and C.
O. Dunbar. Seth Mann presided.
A sub-committee, consisting of W. H.
Alford, A. Camtnetti and Judge E. S. Van
Meter, will report to-night on tae purity
of elections.
The flnance committee met, and. after
a general discussion, adjourned to meet
on Sunday.
Chairman Seth Mann appointed three
Democrats to meet representatives of the
Silver Republican and Populist parties at
1 o'clock to-day for the purpose of ar
ranging for the management of the enm
paipn relative to the holding of meetings
and routelng of r-penkers.
Anti-Civil Service.
The adjourned meeting of the Joint con
ference of the Anti-Civil Service League,
Tnion Veterans' Patriotic League of Cal
ifornia, Harrison Camp Army and Navy
Republican Veterans and the Garfield
Republican League was held lost nipht
at 415 Montgomery street. J. J. Moore,
the chairman, culled the meeting to order.
J. H. Ramsey of the Anti-C.vu Service
League acted as secretary.
The following campaign committee was
appointed from each of the organizations
represented in the conference: D. M.
Cashin of the Union Veterans' Patriotic
League, August Muellwr of the Anti-
Civil Service League, E. M. Galvin of the
Garfield Republican League, Adolnh
Schander of the Harrison Camp Army
and Navy Republican Veternns and Wil
liam Bcrtholf of the Naval Veterans' Le
gion. _
Garfleld Republican League.
The Garfisid Republican League met
last evening at Myrtle Hall. It was re
ported that the drill corps had enrolled
seventy-three members. The ratification
meeting was postponed to await the ac
tion of the proposed conference as to a
monster Joint ratification meeting to bo
held by the Republican clubs. A. B.
Treadwell was Indorsed for the nomina
tion for Police Judge. K. M. Galvin, Judge
Bachelder and A. de la Torre Jr. ad
dressed the meeting on the issues of the
campaign. _
Municipal Reform Party.
The executive committee of the Munici
pal Reform party met last evening and
adopted tJie following resolution:
Resolvea, That we ask the Republican
convention to return to the custom of
making any county committeeman ineli
gible to an official position under the mu
nicipal government.
The names of several Drominent Re
publicans as candidates for office were
submitted and referred to the committee
on candidates.
UNION LEAGUE DRILL CORPS.
Organization Perfected Last Night
by. Young Republicans.
Forty-five young and enthusiastic Re
publicans met last night in the rooms of
the Union League Club and organized a
campaign club which will be called the
Union League Drill Corps. Tirey L. Ford
and N. P. Chlpman made short addresses,
after which the young men began the work
of organization. The following officers and
committees were appointed: I. K. Thorn
ton, president; Morgan Backus, secre
tary; Arthur Spear, treasurer. These
three, with Percy V. Long and Dr. H. E.
Gedge, will form the executive commit
tee. Finance committee— H. G. Edwards
and John 8. Partridge. The three vice
presidents in order are W. J. Attridge,
William M. Abbott and John T. Williams.
Committee on constitution and by-laws—
I. J. Truman Jr., W. J. Attridge and Ho
mer C. Warren.
WILL PREPARE FOR A
PRIMARY ELECTION
CHAIRMAN D. T. RIORDAN AP
POINTS HIS COMMITTEE.
A Short and Interesting Session of
the Republican County Com
mittee Last Night.
When Acting Chairman T* D. Rlordan
called the Republican County Committee
to order in Shiels building last night there
were few vacant chairs in the iiall. In
terested spectators crowded the standing
space and took keen interest in the busi
ness of the meeting.
Immediately upon the adoption of the
minutes of the previous session Delegate
Harry N. Gray arose and moved that the
regular order of business be suspended
and that the vacancy caused by the death
of Chairman Charles Manwarlng be tilled.
The motion was carried, and Jesse rZ.
Marks told of the fitness of Mr. Riordan
for the position and of the splendid work
he had done for the party in the past.
The name of the acting chairman was re
ceived with great applause, and he was
unanimously selected to act as permanent
head of the committee. Delegate iluef
Introduced Mr. Riordan, and the latter
responded, thanking: the delegates for
their courtesy and assuring them that he
would act impartially during his term of
office and with a view to aiding the ticket
to victory.
A bill for $35 for a floral piece sent to
the family of the late chairman was as
sumed by Mr. Riordan. Other bills were
turned over to the finance committee for
approval.
On motion of Mr. Ahem, the chairman
appointed the following gentlemen to pre
pare a call for a primary election:
Twenty-eighth District, James Daly;
Twenty-ninth. J. J. Glynn; Thirtieth, C.
Berliner; Thirty-first, P. H. Prendergast;
Thirty-second, J. Ahem; Thirty-third,
James Gately; Thirty-fourth, Charles
Mayers; Thirty-fifth, Martin Fragley;
Thirty-sixth, Alonza Davidson; ' hirty
seventh, Fred Eggers; Thirty-eighth,
Grove Ayers; Thirty-ninth, M. H. Smith;
Fortieth, J. E. Marks; Forty-first, George
Walker; Forty-second, Harry N. Gray;
Forty-third. M. J. Flynn; Forty-fourth,
E. C. Buckiy; Forty-fifth. J. McNear; at
large— A. Ruef, J. Chretien and L. E.
Savage.
On motion. Chairman Riordan was add
ed to the committee.
Chairman Ahem of the committee called
a meeting for this evening at the Repub
lican headquarters at 933 Market street.
The County Committee then adjourned,
to meet again on Thursday night In the
same hall.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordln. Sanitarium. 514 Plne.nr. Krarny.S.F. CaL
DALTON MAKES REPLY.
Says That Justice Cliffs Charges Are
Untrue and the Utterances of
a Disappointed Man.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 12.
Assessor Dalton made the following re
ply to Justice CUft to-night:
"Judge F. C. Clift has announced
his withdrawal as a candidate for
the office of District Attorney of
Alarneda County. In the same
card ho has made very free with my
name, and has accused me of having en
tered Into a political combination with
the railroad. To this accusation of Judge
CUft I have but this to say. The con
test I have made against the Southern
Pacific during the four years I have been
Assessor of Alameda County will, I think,
make the assertion made appear what it
really is, a foolish one, made by a dis
appointed candidate for office. In spite of
his bold assertions to the contrary, Judge
Cllft was, up to within the last two or
three days, very eager to have me enter
Into a political combination with him.
When I refused to do so he threatened
me with his political wrath and the wrath
of all his friends. And it now appears
that all he can do Is to scold and make
idle accusations, endeavoring by this
means to make it appear that he is the
only pure candidate for office in this
county, and that all the others are crea
tures of the machine and the servants of
the railroad. In view of all the circum
stances surrounding my past record, in
Alameda County, and also Judge Cliffs,
I do not think it necessary for me to en
ter any very strong denial of the Judge's
charges; and I shall not do so. Suffice
it to say, they are untrue.
"HENRY P. DALTON."
Their Votes in the Balance.
RegiFtrar Bigfty has prepared a list of
650 names of persons who are presumed
to be Illegally registered. Inasmuch as
they have failed to respond, first to a
postal card of inquiry, and, second, to a
citation to explain their registrations. The
Registrar states that these persons will
be given a last opportunity to appear be
fore the Election Commissioners next
Thursday and Friday, failing which their
names will be stricken from the register.
The list Is classed as "non-resident, and
includes no known "removals" from one
precinct to another. The names have
been stfted out as the result of outside
canvassing done by the Registrar's dep
uties In various districts.
Meeting Postponed.
The campaign committee of the Demo
cratic Central Club met last evening and
decided to postpone the open meeting of
the club, which was to be held Wednes
day evening. A special meeting of the
committee will be held next Friday even
ing to investigate the conduct of T. Carl
Spelling In contending against James H.
Barry, the regular nominee for Congress,
in the Fourth District, and for him to
show cause why he. should not be expelled
from the club for un-Democratlc con
duct.
Will Hold a Ratification Meeting.
The Umatllla Republican Club held its
weekly meeting at 1504 Market street last
evening. There was a large attendance,
and an enrollment of 148 new members.
The chairman then announced that a
grand ratification meeting will be held
at Temple Hall, 117 Turk street, Satur
day evening, September 17. Speeches were,
made by M. Kearns. Henry A. Welch,
Thomas M. Coleman, James Dows and
A. B. Treadwell.
Julius Kahn Club.
The Julius Kahn Club of the Thirty-first
Assembly District met last night at Tier
ney's Hall, 16 Heron Btreet. The meeting
was addressed by M. L. Tierney, P.
O'Connor, Charles Long and others. The
club will meet every Monday night during
the campaign.
German Democrats Approve.
At a meeting of the German Democratic
Central Club, held last evening, resolu
tions were adopted indorsing the candi
dacy of James G. Maguire.
Awarded the Contract
Commander Z. L. Tanner, of the United
States navy, has awarded the contract
for building piers and coaling sheds at
Pago Pago harbor, Samoa, to Healy &
Tibbitts of this city for $142,900. It is the
intention of the contractors to use Cali
fornia material as far as possible. The
remainder will be contracted for In the
East.
It is expected that the work will be ac
complished within a year.
THE CRYSTAL SWIMMING BATHS.
Physicians recommend the Crystal warm sea
water tub and awlmmlog baths, North Beach.
MODJESKA`S ART
STILL SUPREME
Mary Stuart With All
Her Old Spell.
ANOTHER PACHECO COMEDY
MILK WHITE FLAG WAVES
AGAIN AT THE COLUMBIA.
"Carmen" at the Tivoli — Some Vau
deville Changes — Stirring
Melodrama at the
Grand.
After an absence of nearly two years,
during which we have been filled with
all sorts of Billy stories about her
fading art and gpneral unhealth, Mod-
Jeska appeared at the Baldwin Theater
last night and played Mary Stuart as
she alone of living actresses can play
the part.
In the minds of the cultivated play
goers of America. Modjeska and Mary
Stuart are names that are Inseparable.
If there is one part in Modjeska's wide
ranging repertory that stands alone it
is the unfortunate Queen of Scots in
the Schiller play, to whom she gives an
identic that is absolute, unfor^etable.
At this late day it is fortunate for the
stage that new criticisms need not be
written for this performance. Perhaps
the years have softened Modjeska's
temperament, made her personal power
a something less than it used to be;
but she is still Modjeska and the most
distinguished woman artist on the Eng
lish-speaking stage. The fragrance,
mimetic grace, spirituality and sov
ereign poise that she brought to Mary
Stuart last night have been unknown
qualities in the local theater for many
months — ever since her last visit. In
fact in both temperament and execu
tion she can be compared only with
herself of other years— and in "Mary
Stuart," at least, the comparison need
not shatter the fondest illusions.
Mr. Lonergan seems to do the only
one of the old company who has been
retained, and in the heroic part of
Mortimer he does good work—especial
ly good when you take into account
that he must suffer a comparison with
his brilliant predecessor, Joseph Ha
worth. Mr. Hermann, who is remem
bered for many a rugged feat in com
pany with Frederick Warde, unbends
gracefully to the Earl of Leicester; and
Miss Anna E. Proctor plays the Queen
Elizabeth with that unflinching malev
olence which seems ever to be a tradi
tion of the part. As a whole, the sup
porting company is easy, human, well
clad and tremendously in earnest —
nothing sensational about it, but just
the band from whom it is reasonable to
expect good repertory work.
The attendance was fair last night
and promises larger for the rest of the
week. When Modjeska made up her
mind to adopt the land of the free and
the tongue of the Englander she chose
this remote town for the starting point.
And San Francisco has yet to be ac
cused of forgetting the obligation.
ASHTON STEVENS.
The Tivoli.
The sparkling, fascinating "Carmen" of
Bizet drew a crowded house to the com
mencement of the seventh week of grand
opera at the Tivoli last night. Rhys
Thomaa as the Jealous brigadier
was at his best; he was especially
well received In the duet of the second
act. Miss Linck, in the title role, showed
once more that she is a sterling singer
besides being an exceptionally clever ac
tress. The same can always be said of
Sig. de Vrles, who evoked storms of ap
plause as the toreador. William West as
the smuggler, did a strong character bit;
and Mr. Schuster and Miss Crox in the
parts of Mlchaela and Zuniga did well
The chorus was hardly up to Its usual
excellence.
"La Traviata" Is the bill for to-night
The Alhambra.
Corlnne, Slgnor Del Puente and Mr. and
Mrs. Sydney Drew seem to be cards that
cannot be played too often to a San
Francisco audience. The remainder of
the attractions are meritorious, and there
is a heap of fun in the cake walk in which
the evening's entertainment is wound up.
The auditorium is cool and well ventilat
ed, and contained last night an audience
that was thoroughly representative.
Moposco's.
"The Land of the Living," a melodrama
that had a big run In one of the London
theaters, was produced last evening at
Morosco's Grand Opera House, with Miss
Gertrude Foster, Landers Stevens and
Max Yon Mitzel in the leading parts.
They were well received, as was little
Rosie Bennett, who formed one of the
central figures In a happy household that
had been disrupted through the schemes
of a villain whose main object is to create
ADVERTISEMENTS.
® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®
® *: '• - WS m* KM flti - ©
® ™ w
® ' - ■--' ®
® _/«*' ' ■ jgf^a^. '•'• '' That is what you lack ®
® fe^fiß^«& Iwfclte&a^^jr'i when you feel tired, ®
(i) %tiT\ vj* />^^^r languid, dull and stupid . *
@ ffXjWF when all seems to be ®
© JjpP^ full of life about you. ®
: li !s Electricity. ]
H If you charge ; your nerves with electric life every %
® night from Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt, it will awaken ©
® your dormant powers and fill you with sparks of life. ®
I ANOTHER GRAND CURE. 1
® .- MALHEUR, Or.. Sept. - 2.— DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: It is now sixty .. days V-®
© since I began wearing the belt you advised, and in that; time it has made a ®
,~ great change in me. as I feel altogether different from what loused to. I /->
**'.•■:' can say with a glad heart that your Belt has. cured me of one of the worst w
© : ■ cases - , of y > nervous .'-■. '-■ debility, ;-: and has made a new '- man of me. v I am very r ©
r^ grateful for the good I have received '" from your Belt , and '• would " recom- a)
X ' mend It to any one suffering as I was, for lam sure they will never regret r'
® - having given it a trial. I will be glad to do all I can for you, and will be ©
®' more than pleased to write to any one who has any doubts as to the good I i.,,
X' received from your Belt. .With best wishes, I remain, yours very truly, X
© - .. ..;"■-.-• :; - A. ROUDERBUSH. ®
® ®
® It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to be weak. ®
I If you are weak, get the booklet, "Three Classes of ®
® Men." It helps manhood. It can be had free upon ©
® request, either by mail or at the office. ®
® * ' ®
® DR. A.T;SANDEN, * '.- --."■'■.i-.-.-.'--. . -'. — t* , ©
© ToBKerkttBtrt9»,O.r««Kam7,BMrr» .lM». NOT IN DRUG STORES. ®
® « g^. p srV r -fe,SLSriSSR 2
(S\ Dailaa, Tex.. 285 Main strMt; Butt*. Moat.. it our office. '~£&3££»iE£g£ r^?/=\"
IT- UO North M*Ui ■ti»et. : ; "c^v 'v.iV^,- ■ V*' .;"- .- .- — ...I .- . -..■ v -■.-,'.*
®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®®@® ® ® ®®®®®®®®®®®®® ®®
'mischief, for revenge, and who in the
long run places his head in a noose. The
support iB good and the piece Is well
set.
"The Coast Guard" will be presented
next week, and for this the Waterman
Sisters have been engaged for their spe
cialties.
At the Columbia.
Heroic deeds in hostile lands have, for
the time being, at least, placed our guards
men beyond the reach of satirical thrusts.
but this does not detract from the popu
larity of Hoyfs "A Milk White Flag,"
which is on this week at the Columbia,
and, as the house was full to the doors
last evening, promises to enjoy its usual
run. The piece has been produced in this
city several times before, but many who
were in the audience in r : ' s t days went
last night and enjoyed it anew. New cos
tumes and scores of witticisms, born of
the recent war, give it an up-to-date
flavor.
John W. Dunne, in the character of
The Colonel, "who Napoleon resembled,"
does capital work. Miss Mary Marble is
petite and clever as ever, and Miss Marie
Dantes as the widow, and the company in
general, win the approval of the au
dience.
The Alcazar.
A double bill was presented at the Alca
zar last night to a crowded house. "A
Tragedy," which proved to be a farce,
with many comical situations that kept
the audience in a hilarious condition, was
the first on the bill. The cast comprised
Ernest Hastings, George Osbourne, Wal
lace Shaw, Clarence Montaine, Frank
Denithorne, Francis Vale. Gretchen Ly
ons, Marie Howe, Edna Ewen and Juliet
Crosby, who all made the best of their
parts. "The First Horn" was as strong
an attraction as ever.
Chutes.
Cotton and Moll, triple horizontal bar
performers, are now at the Chutes Free
Theater, and give a clever and exciting
exhibition. Oro Clifford and Oro give an
Irinh-Chinese sketch, "Fun in a Chinese
Laundry," that amused the large crowd
of first-nighters, ana Kmh Ohevrial,
trick violinist, was also new and ma.de
a hit. The nine scenes of a Spanish bull
tight are about the best things in the
way of moving pictures yet seen here,
and the rest of the bill was up to the
standard established in the Haight-street
grounds.
New Comedy.
"A Woman's Wit" was "written to
order" by Mrs. Pacheco, and for some
reason, not stated, was rejected. Its orig
inal production at the New Comedy The
ater last night proved conclusively that
it was hurriedly constructed and not up
to the standard the authoress establish
ed for her work when she wrote "In
cog." The story of the ridiculously jeal
ous husband Is as old as the domestic
relation, and some of the situations sup
posed to lead up to the solution of the
family troubles through "woman's wit"
are unnatural and result In the kind of
laugh that is not sought by the players.
Under better conditions the play could
be made much more acceptable, and the
humor of some of the lines and compli
cations brought out »n a manner to de
velop the intended fun.
The role of the suspected wife Is not
suited to the abilities of Carina Jordan,
and It is unfortunate that she was se
lected for the part, as It calls for par
ticularly clever work. Mr. St. Maur, aa
the green-eyed husband, could put more
sincerity In his work and thereby greatly
improve the star part, which of neces
sity demands very careful handling to
avoid going to the extreme of carica
ture. Hattle Schell, as the eccentric and
witty young woman who cheats the di
vorce court of a case, carries tl»« hon
ors in a part which in the third act Is
hard to reconcile to things natural.
George Probert as the French count,
Kate Vandenhoff as the silly lovesick old
maid, and Brigham Royce as the lover
who had nothing in particular to do, did
well in their labors to lend pleasure to
the occasion.
The Orpheum.
With the new acts and changes by the
holdovers, the Orpheum has a line bill for
this week. The chic little artist, Bessie
Bonehlll, was well received, and hers is
one of the few acts that will gTow on the
people. Before she leaves this city she ia
likely to score one of the greatest hits of
the Orpheum. Hines and Remington have
an act that has the merit of originality,
if nothing more, but in their line they are
artists. The character work by Miss
Remington is particularly clever. Favor
and Sinclair have a new act. of merit, and
while Irene Franklin's quaint voice is set
to new songs. Felix Morris and company
appear in '"The Old Musician." While tins
act may not appeal to the gallery to the
degree that did "A Game of Cards," yet it
is one of the richest vaudeville treats the
Orpheum has offered.
Olympia.
Conlln and Rider, comedy acrobats;
Anita Allen, singing soubrette, Madeline
and Trlxeda and others scored a hit at
the Olympia Music-hall last night.
Grand display of fall styles Wednesday,
September 14; New York millinery. 1208
Market street (same side and block as J.
J. O'Brien's). •
OLYMPIC INSTALLATION.
I Ex-President Ne-whall Is in Favor of
the Club Giving Boxing
Entertainments.
The Installation of the newly elected
officers of the Olympic Club took place
last evening In the club rooms.
George A. Newhall, the retiring presi
dent, made a brief speech. In which he
said that owing to the depressed condition
of the times the club during his adminis
tration had to study economy and conse
quently some changes were made in the
regular order of affairs which could have
been avoided in times of prosperity.
He thought that the club should encour
age professional boxing contests, as the
institution averaged something like $300
per month profit from the entertainments
it held during his term of office. He also
said that the club's outdoor athletic
grounds were maintained at an heavy ex
pense and that notwithstanding the econ-
omy advanced by the directors to further
the interests of the club, the loss to the
institution during the past year was $1500.
J. C. Kirkpatriek, the newly elected
president, was then introduced. He said
his intentions were to encourage all
branches of athletic sports, but that with
out the combined support of the members'
every effort on the part of the officers of
the club would prove unavailing. Ha
hoped to see the Olympic Club nourish
during his administration.
Plasterers Organize.
The plasterers organised last night and
elected the following officers: Daniel Sul
livan, president; George Kecke, vice presi
dent, J. Pearce, secretary; William
O'Brien, treasurer; William T'dell, ser
geant-at-arms. The next meeting will be
held on Saturday night at Academy Hall,
927 Mission street.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
£&k Wßm sif |I 81/rP
delay I^.l E3«l I Q
SIOK HEADACHE
Positively cured by these
little Pills.
They also relieve Distress from Dyspepsia,
Indigestion and Too Hearty Eating. ; A per-
fect remedy for Dizziness, Nausea, Drowsi-
ness, Bad Taste in the Mouth, Coated Tongue.
Pain in the Side, TORPID LIVER. They
Regulate the Bowels. Purely Vegetable. .'
Small Pill. Small Dose.
Small Price.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
t;k: ir,, Full Set of Teeth *-A
«& * t^j^ts. extracting free $3 00 up
<rJaTw£-*^"^ Gold Crowns 22k $350 up
Jy— ' "ff'^fSiSZ. $f Fillings-- - - jjcts.up
«5HWT*jSr~>. G Open Evenings &
f^B^Cl VAN VROOM
>*!M^tfVSr Electro Dental Parlors
f 4& §P>» 'Sixth and Market
• Dr. QW* Kl©is©r| Prop* »
Use f®%
Facial Soap 5^ / Facial Cream. f*
Acne, Pimples, - Comedones or Flesh ' Worm*
permanently cured by JOHN H. WOODBURY.
127 W «d St.. Now York, 163 State at, Chicago,
Inventor of Woodbury's Facial Soap and Facial
Cream. j . '.;:,':■■
<^^S The RALSTON STILL •
4 i»*"i "^^ ls the on 'y cn * made that
•~ 3 g will furnish absolutely
DRINKING WATER.
SThe RALSTON STILL
Is the only on» made that
will furnish absolutely
DRINKING WATER.
Indorsed by the Ralston
"«^l^l 11 * o *!^* Health Club. Send or call
' ysiffi&L CSf for Particulars.
f^^^P^-w THE JUSTINIAN OATRB CO.
Lwlttfiwii ■!■»■ Sole Agents,
1 wTTi* 221 Market St.. San Franciie*
STATEMENT
OF THE
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
NEW ZEALAND
INSURANCE COMPANY
OF AUCKLAND, NEW ' ZEALAND, ON
the 31st day of December, A. D. : 1897. • and
for the year ending on that day, as made to the
Insurance Commissioner of the State of Cali- ;
fornia, pursuant to the provisions of sections :
610 and 611 of the Political Code, condensed . as
per blank furnished by the Commisslonsr.
.- , . , : CAPITAL. ,
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash ...:.....: $I^ooo,ooo 00 '
*.... - . ■ ■
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $1,336,860 00
Loans on bonds and mortgages 155,425 00
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company 410,936 00
Amount of loans secured by pledg«
of bonds, stocks and other market-
able securities as collateral M 3.374 00
Cash in company's office 1.060 00
Cash In banks 152,283 00
Interest due and accrued on all
stocks and loans 7,843 00
Premiums in due course of collection 117,499 00
Bills receivable, not matured, taken
for fire and marine risks 4.500 00
Rents due and accrued 4,118 00
Total assets $2,493,883 00
LIABILITIES.
Losses In process of adjustment or
in suspense $190,855 00
Gross premiums on fire risks run-
ning one year or less, $398,219 00;
reinsurance 50 per cent 445.109 00
Gross § premiums on marine and In-
land navigation risks; reinsurance
100 per cent 151,400 00
All other demands against the com-
pany 36,578 00
Total liabilities $827,942 00
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for flr«
premiums $827,010 00
Net cash actually received for ma-
rine premiums 690,997 00
Received for interest and dividends
on bonds, stocks, loans and from
all other sources 34.914 00
Received for rents 59,293 00
Total Income $1,612,214 00
EXPENDITURES.
Net amount paid for flre losses (in-
cluding losses of previous years).. $491,605 00
Net amgunt paid for marine losses
(including losses of previous years) 682,588 00
Dividends to stockholders 137,500 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
brokerage 39,52100
Paid for salaries, fees and other
charges for officers clerks, etc 198,618 00
Paid for State, national and local
taxes 13,333 00
All other payments and expenditures. 138.157 CO
Total expenditures $1,601,852 00
Fire.
Losses incurred during the year $1,074,193 0*
Risks and Premiums. Flre Risks, i Premiums.
•Cet amount of risks writ-
r ten during the year.... $183,391,197!51,089,097 00
Net amount of risks ex-
pired during the year.. 174,080,018 1,071,817 00
Net amount In force De-
cember 31. 1897 151,270,489 898,219 00
I Marine
Risks and Premiums. Risks. Premiums.
Net amount of risks writ-
ten during the year $117,457,175 $785,058 00
i Net amount of risks ex-
! pired during the year.. 119,967,634 808,696 00
i Net amount in force De-
j cember 31, 1897 24,539.454 151.400 00
J. LOGAN CAMPBELL, Chairman.
F. J. BRASSY, Manager.
Subscribed and sworn to before me this 15th
day of April, 1898. F. DILLIXGHAM.
United States Consul.
W. P. THOMAS, Manager,
UNITED STATES BRANCH.
Office in Company's Building,
312- CALIFORNIA STREET
SAN FRANCISCO.
56
TUESDAY .SEPTEMBER i*, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor. ,
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS .217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main IS7C
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month;
65 cents. _^
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building !
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rl£ft« Houst
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:50 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, open until |
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock'
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
.street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 251$ ■
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
' Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock*
AMUSEMENTS.
Columbia— "A Milk White Fla*. M
Baldwin— "Magd a."
Alcazar— "The First Born" and " A Tragedy.' '
Meroeeo's— -The Land of the Living '
TlvoM— "La Travlata."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
New Comedy Theater—" Woman's Wit."
Alhambra, Eddy and Jones streets— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Zoo, Vaudeville and Spanish Bull Fight
Ulympla— Ma^on and Eddy btreets— Specialties.
fcutro'a Baths— Swimming 1 .
Mechanics' Pavilion— The Irish Fair. Closing ball.
MAGUIRE AND ANARCHY.
BY the thrill of horror which ran through the
civilized world on the announcement of the
assassination of the Empress of Austria by the
hand of an anarchist, the attention of the people of
California is recalled again to the sympathy which
James G. Maguire has always avowed for that class
of criminals. It is, moreover, pertinent to the time
that this sympathy with ravening cruelty and lawless
ness should be made the subject of public comment,
tor Maguire -is a candidate for the office of Governor,
and should he be elected would have it in his power
to pardon the crimes of such criminals and make
California during his term of office a safe place for
their residence.
It is notable that Maguire's sympathy with anar
chists is so close and so strong that he has never been
able to perceive any moral turpitude on their part.
He has on the other hand maintained that even when
they commit assassinations they are justified so long
as the persons assassinated are selected from the offi
cial representatives of governments. These sentiments,
so repulsive to Americans, and indeed to law-abiding
men of all nations, were conspicuously asserted by
Maguire during the debate on the immigration re
striction bill in the House of Representatives January
27. 1897.
In the course of the debate on that day Maguire is i
reported in the Congressional Record as having said:
"Gentlemen urge the passage of this bill as a step ,jn i
the direction of excluding Anarchists, Socialists and i
Nihilists from this country. Assuming that it would
be right and desirable, though I do not adnit it
would be either right or desirable, to exclude these j
classes or any of them from this country, yet the |
present bill does not tend to their exclusion. They are'
generally educated men, many of them holding uni- j
versity degrees, whose offending consists of resistance j
to tyranny, which in the conditions under which they I
Hve is obedience to God. Who are the Nihilists? ]
They are the Democrats of Russia who are struggling
against almost hopeless odds to establish the natural i
and inalienable rights of men in that country as i
against the tyranny and false pretense of divine right i
on the part of the Czar."
This speech having been made as late as January of
last year, after the anarchists had filled the world
with a hideous record of crime running from the
assassination of the Czar to the blowing up of the
opera-house at Barcelona and causing the deaths of
men and women who had nothing whatever to do
with government, ghows that Maguire's sympathy
with anarchy is not the result of any ignorance on his
part of what anarchists desire or of the means by
which they hope to accomplish it.
Anarchy and nihilism as a matter of fact are aim
ing not at the murder of crowned heads, but at the
destruction of society. The scoundrel who struck
down the venerable Empress of Austria avowed that
at his first examination. He disclaimed any animosity
toward either the Empress or her husband the Em
peror. He had not gone to Switzerland to seek her
as a victim. He stabbed her only because the oppor
tunity offered. He boasted: "If all anarchists did
their duty as I have done mine, bourgeois society
would soon disappear."
The words should be remembered. It is not against
royaJty, imperialism or despotism that anarchy has
raised its hideous head and murderous hand, but
against society. It is as antagonistic to social con
ditions in America as to those in Russia. It has per
petrated its crimes in Chicago as ruthlessly as in St.
Petersburg.
It was one of the purposes of the framers of the
immigration restriction bill to shut these decadent
wretches out of the United States. Maguire objected
to their exclusion. He proclaimed his sympathy for
them. He raised in Congress a cry as violent as any
ever heard on the sandlots in this city when agitation
was at its worst: and to-day he asks to be entrusted
with the enforcement of law in this State — to be
chosen as its Governor.
A few days ago the British were rejoicing over the
defeat of the Dervishes by General Kitchener, and
nailing it as a triumph of civilization; and now comes
the French occupation of Fashoda, causing the re
joicers to take a second thought and consider
whether there may not be such a thing as too much
competition of civilization in Central Africa.
Miss Fusion Populism having wedded herself to
Democracy at Sacramento, it is only fair the middle
of-the-road maiden should have sole use of the family
name. Democracy cannot rightly deprive a whole
tribe of its good name by running off with a crazy
sprig of it.
The order of the powers that both the contending
parties in Crete shall lay down their arms is good
enough as far as it goes, but it does not go far
enough. What is wanted is the kind of order that
will make life secure and arms unnecessary.
Whatever discords may exist in some quarters,
there is more harmony in San Francisco to-day than
there was a month ago. We never hear the siren
now.
OUR TROPICAL COLONIES.
BOTH parties in this State have approved ex
pansion in the tropics, without heeding or
indeed hearing a discussion of the policy which
would bring out the facts which illuminate and must
determine its wisdom or otherwise. In the absence
of any opportunity for voters to express themselves
against tropical expansion, because both parties favor
it, The Call adheres to its former position against
holding anything in the tropical islands that have
fallen out of Spain's palsied hands into ours, beyond
some convenient coaling station. We have shown
that the population of those islands by our American
people is impossible, for physical reasons which no
act of man can overcome. We made this same show
ing in the case of Hawaiian labor, when the annexa
tionists were holding out the lure that white men
would be wanted to replace the coolies in the cane
fields and sugar mills. We said that white labor could
not endure the vertical sun in Hawaii, and that as
soon as annexation succeeded the planters would de
mand the continuance of coolie labor. This has come
to pass. They must have the only labor that can live
there or they must submit to the decay of their in
dustries and the rain of their commerce. Their for
mer pretense was false, and we exposed it.
The San Francisco Argonaut, which is hotly in
favor of holding the American and Asiatic tropical
possessions of Spain, advocates garrisoning them en
tirely with negro troops because "they can withstand
a climate that crashes all energy out of white sol
diers after they have been exposed to it for any length
of time, and they are immune tv the tropical diseases
that strike down the whites like cattle."
We need submit no further proof on the point that
our tropical conquests can never be colonized by
white men to plant and protect there the Anglo-
Saxon institutions under which we live.
The next subject for consideration is the people al
ready constituting the population of these islands.
Draper and a line of writers so numerous and re
spectacle that "their statements are not controverted
have shown by evidence irrefutable that absolute
domination of man by his physical environment, so
that to dispute it is to war with every conclusion of
science.
The kind of people who live now in the tropics are
the only kind who can ever live there. Their intel
lectual development is all that can ever occur there.
Does any one recall a great tropical scholar, diplomat,
statesman, scientist? No. Copernicus, Newton, La
voisier, Mitchell, Proctor, Huxley, Darwin, Spencer,
Hegel, Keppler and their peers in science and phil
osophy were all natives of the temperate zone.
In literature Shakespeare, Bacon, Sue, Hugo,
Goethe, Schiller, Tennyson, Byron, Burns, Long
fellow, Hawthorne, Irving — all of the northern race.
The tropics have been open to civilization and its
contacts for four hundred years. In that time, since
the invention of printing, our mass of the literature
of science, art and philosophy has been created. What
is the contribution of the tropics? Nothing. The
same facts of nature which fix the physical character
istics of man in the tropics determine also his mental
and moral elements. As he has been always, between
Cancer and Capricornus, he will always be. We can
not change him. "Of one blood God made all men
and set the bounds to their habitation," is the declara
tion of the old and solemn book. In no respect can
these bounds be passed nor their conditions be made
interchangeable. Therefore such conditions as we
find now in these islands are permanent. There is
sentimental talk about raising the grade of these peo
ple by education. But education is only a form of
utility. It is sought by civilized man as an aid in the
struggle of life. In the tropics nature ministers with
a prodigal hand to all of the physical wants of man;
therefore he needs no education and is not receptive
to it.
Look upon those people to-day and you look upon
what will be there a thousand and a thousand years
from now.
This brings the discussion down to the status of
these people, if we take them in. Are they to be our
fellow-citizens, admitted as members of our body
politic, or are they to be our subject colonists, de
prived of representation and self-government? This
no one has yet answered. It is needless to remind
any student of the constitution that it grants to the
Federal Government only one way of enlarging our
borders by the admission of States into the Union.
It was to acquire territory by treaty or conquest, to
be peopled, pass a novitiate in self-government and
become a State, as may be done even with Alaska,
where our race lives and increases wholesomely, but
no power is granted to expand with any other policy
in view.
Nature has fixed the kind of people for the tropics
and set bounds not only to their habitation, but to
their mental and moral constitution. Let us further
consider at another time their fitness for American
citizenship.
MR. LOUD'S RENOMINATION.
REPUBLICANS of the Fifth District in re
nominating Mr. Loud for Congress not only
showed a just appreciation of the merits of the
man who has so ably and faithfully represented them
in the past, but also made evident the fact that they
understand how important it is for their district and
for the State to retain in service at the national capital
a representative who by his experience there has ac
quired prestige among Congressmen, is familiar with
the methods of transacting business and has the re
spect and confidence of the great leaders of all parties.
The success of Mr. Loud in his first campaign for
Congress was a proof of his excellence as a cam
paigner and his ability as a vote getter. He was pitted
against one of the most popular Democrats, and was
himself at that time untried in national legislation. His
repeated re-elections since have been due to what he
has accomplished at Washington much more than to
any canvassing tactics at home. His record has been
his best campaign document, and has won as well as
merited the approval of his party and of all independ
ent voters among his constituents.
At the present time Mr. Loud's rank in the House
of Representatives is a most enviable one. He has
become one of the foremost of the younger leaders
on the Republican side, is one of Speaker Reed's most
trusted lieutenants, and has been rewarded for his
efficiency and his ability by appointment to the very
responsible post of chairman of the Committee on
Postoffices.
It would have been a great blunder entailing a loss
j upon the whole State if the Republicans of the Fifth
had failed to renominate their distinguished represen
tative. The opposition to him fortunately came from
sources other than the body of the people, and though
headed by M. H. de Young and D. M. Burns, as
sisted by the Southern Pacific Railroad Company,
was able to control only sevenfpen votes in the nomi
nating convention, while Mr. Loud received ninety
nine, and was afterward nominated by acclamation.
His renomination was, therefore, a victory over the
antagonism of bosses and corporations. It was a
triumph for honest politics and for the true interests
of the State. The people of the Fifth are to be con
gratulated-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1899.
JUSTICE VAN FLEET AND HIS
SLANDERER.
THE Examiner Sunday morning, August 28, in
its editorial columns, reproduces the slander
upon Justice Van Fleet, which it published about
a year ago at the time the opinion in the case of Fox
vs. the Oakland Consolidated Railroad Company was
rendered, charging him with discriminating in his
opinion against the poor man. There is not a syllable
in the opinion which purports to draw a .distinction
or comparison between the rich and the poor, and the
attempt to create a class antagonism by imputing
such a purpose to Justice Van Fleet is an unwarranted
attack upon the judiciary; for, although the opinion
was written by Justice Van Fleet, it was concurred in
by the entire court, and is but the statement of a well
recognized rule of law.
At common law a father could not maintain an ac
tion for the death of his son by the negligence of
another, but under statutes enacted in modern days
damages for such negligence may be recovered. In
many States the amount is limited to $5000, but in
this State there is no limit to the amount of recovery,
except that the jury may give such damages "as un
der all the circumstances of the case may be just."
The Civil Code defines damages to be compensation
in money, and the term "compensation" by its own
force limits the amount of recovery to the actual loss
of the party who has sustained the injury. By the
statute authorizing the action the circumstances of
the case become, then, the guide in determining the
amount of damages which will be just in each case,
and this involves an inquiry into all the circumstances
which tend to show the amount of loss. The father
is entitled to the services of the son during his min
ority, but he is also under an obligation to clothe and
maintain him during this period, and the actual dam
age which he sustains by his death is the amount of
money which would compensate him for the excess
of his earnings over the cost of his maintenance. Of
course it cannot be determined in advance whether
the child will be employed in any service; or, if so
employed, what his wages will amount to. but, as
juries are not permitted to render verdicts upon con
jecture, or without some evidence upon which they
may rest, the earning capacity of the child must be
shown by the best obtainable evidence. It is upon this
principle that in the case of an. adult evidence is ad
mitted showing the amount of wages which he was
earning at the time of his death, and the number of
years which he would probably live, not upon the
ground that he will always receive that amount of
wages, or that he will live that number of years, but
as being the most satisfactory method of arriving at
a just estimate of his loss. This is what the plaintiff |
in the Fox case sought to recover, and all that was
said in the opinion of Justice Van Fleet was in cor
roboration of this rule — that for the purpose of de
termining the probable occupation the child would j
have pursued, it was reasonable to conclude that it '
would have followed the calling of the father, for the |
reason, which no can deny, that experience teaches
us that children do very frequently pursue the busi- !
ness of the parents, whether they be rich or poor, j
What Justice Van Fleet did say is as follows: "While '
in no sense conclusive, we have the right, and it is
most reasonable in judging of the probable character
or occupation the deceased would have pursued, to
regard with the other circumstances surrounding him
the calling of his father — since experience teaches
that children do very frequently pursue the same
general class of business as that of their parents." In
his opinion he refers to a case in the lowa reports,
where the same rule was approved in the instruction
given to a jury in nearly the same language. In fact,
the real tendency of the opinion, as well as of the rule
which it expounds, would authorize a greater verdict
for a poor man than for a rich man, for it is an un
doubted fact that the son of a rich man is a pecuniary
expense to his father, without any possibility of in
come during his minority, and a jury acting upon this
well-known fact would give the rich parent a nominal
verdict where the poor man would receive a sub
stantial one.
* LIMINATING from the subject the political
clap-trap and buncombe with which it has
* — ■* been invested by the demagogues and their
organs, there can be no doubt that a strong public
demand exists for a low municipal tax rate this year.
This demand cannot very well be ignored by the
Board of Supervisors, and that body should not ig
nore it. Doubtless it would please Mayor Phelan
and the Examiner to have a tax levy of $2 10 on the
$100 valuation. Such a rate would make no end of
"politics" for them and the demagogues who follow
the leadership. But the Supervisors should not con
sider anybody's interest in this matter save that of the
tax-paying people.
The year 1898 has not been a good one for Cali
fornia, and consequently business is not prosperous
in San Francisco. The wheat crop is a failure and the
fruit crop shy. This is no time to lay the heavy
hand of the tax gatherer upon <the people. They are
not able to stand a levy of one million additional dol
lars, whether the money is necessary for public im
provements or required to carry on an extravagant
government.
Who is to spend the money is immaterial. We shall
have a new Board of Supervisors next year which, if
Republican and not chosen by Mayor Phelan and the
Third-street Boodler, will be an improvement upon
the present one. But this need not be considered
either. A tax levy greater than that of last year should
not be imposed, because the people cannot stand it.
True there are many necessary public improve
ments pressing for attention, but they should all be
postponed to another day. The new County Hospital,
to cost $400,000; the new police and fire alarm boxes,
to cost $35,000; the removal of the fire alarm station
on Brenham place, to cost $40,000; the new police
station at Seventeenth and Folsom streets, to cost
$50,000; the California-street park, to cost $75,000;
the Mission Zoo job, to cost half a million; and the
various other schemes of public beautification and
improvement can and must wait. The only thing to
be done this year is to get along as cheaply as possi
ble. It is the duty of the Supervisors to make up the
deficits and leave their successors a sufficient sum to
carry on the government until July i, 1899. No more
money than this should be raised.
An additional reason for adopting this course
consists in the fact that no money can be
expended intelligently upon permanent public
improvements under the present legal system.
The new charter may not provide a better
one, but it promises to do so and it will be well
to await the fulfillment of the promise. If the ac
cepted streets are to be repaved and the sewer system
reconstructed the work ought to be conducted under
the supervision of engineers and competent me
chanics. The Street Department is an excellent ma
chine for disbursing money, but ineffective for pro
ducing results.
Oregon soldiers now here are not starving to death.
Local people will not be surprised at this, but to the
Governor of that State the fact seemed to come as a
revelation.
THE TAX LEVY.
AGAINST THE NICARAGUA CANAL
Editor Call— An Impression prevails to a large extent with the pubh<
that the early completion of the Nicaragua canal was an event much to
desired. Especially has this idea prevailed with the people of San Fran
cisco. To this end both political parties have put a plank in their plat
forms urging the early completion and the fostering care andsuppoft of the
Government to this enterprise.
It does seem strange that a great community should thus want to do
Itself a permanent injury and detriment to both its commercial and real
estate Interests. A novice can certainly see that the canal if completed
would create an opposition harbor and shipping depot to San Francisco, and
a very serious one at that. We have just acquired the Hawaiian Islands.
Of what benefit would their trade be to San Francisco with a Nicaragua
canal? A little hay, lumber and flour, perhaps, and all the other commerce
diverted to the Eastern States, or perhaps to Europe direct. We are about
to acquire the Philippine Islands, an empire as large as Japan, with re
sources of vast magnitude; with sugar, tobacco, rice, hemp and all the
semi-tropical products in quantities to attract the commerce of the world,
all diverted away from San Francisco and to the canal, and thence to New
York, Boston, Philadelphia and Liverpool and other European cities. China
is now in the throes of dissolution, her vast territory about to be divided up
among the nations of Europe, and all this trade, with its immense possibili
ties, to be wrested from San Franciscco and the Golden Gate.
Mr. Editor, the people of San Francisco and California certainly do
not consider the danger this coast is exposed to. They have never looked
at but one side of this question. I can readily see why they advocate the
canal: it is simply to create an opposition to the Southern Pacific Railroad
Company and put fares and freights on a reasonable basis and checkmate
Collis P. Huntington. This view is all right If there was not another side
to the question, but when to attain this object we must dam the Golden
Gate and divert all the vast trade of the Orient from San Francisco to
the Nicaragua canal, then the question takes on another aspect and I can
not but think the paper to first call the attention of the property holders
and the business and commercial community to the great danger to San
Francisco the canal would be will receive the grateful approval of this com
munity and the whole people of the Northern Pacific Coast. It is not at
all surprising that the people of New York, Boston, Philadelphia and all
the Eastern cities should advocate the speedy construction of the canal; It
is to their interest to do so, and Europe, especially Liverpool, would derive
great benefit to commerce from the opening of this route; but San Fran
cisco? Never!
You have advocated and encouraged the Valley Railroad, which is now
about to make a connection with the Santa Fe, and thus have a competing
overland road. This will be a grand thing for San Francisco, and another
or two or three more overland roads would be desirable and will be required
to do the business which must of necessity open up with the Oriental trade
in the near future, providing we do not have a competing harbor at the
Nicaragua canal. I hope, Mr. Editor, you will be induced to see the threat
ened danger to San Francisco and raise the alarm in time to prevent this
great disaster to California, I have thought much on this subject, but do
not want my name attached to this publication, as it would carry no
weight. But there is another view of this question which should carry
much weight with the people that I will be pleased to communicate if you
think the subject of sufficient importance, and I hope you will publish
either the substance or an extract from the article so as to call the atten
tion of the business community of San Francisco to this subject and to the
dangers which threaten the very existence of the city. I myself am a
small property-owner in San Francisco, and I do not went property values
destroyed, so, yon see, I am not altogether a disinterested party.
Grafton, Yuba County, Sept 9.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
William H. Alford of Visalla is at the
California-
Rev. A. Ennor of Santa Rosa is at the
Occidental.
S. H. Rice, an attorney of Ukiah, Is at
the Grand.
Judge W. H. Clark of Los Angeles is at
the Grand.
C. E. Bamhart, a cattleman of Suisun,
is at the Lick.
Senator William M. Stewart of Nevada
is at the Palace.
H. W. Walker, a druggist of Williams,
is at the Grand.
J. E. Duncan, a grocer of Los Angeles,
is at the Grand.
A. W. Plummer, a merchant of Colusa,
is at the Grand. ,
R. E. Brown, a mining expert of Victo
ria, is at the Palace.
V. S. McClatchy of the Sacramento Bee
is at the California-
John Barrett, an insurance man of Port
land, is at the Grand.
E. H. Decker, a mining man of Eli,
New, is at the Palace.
Dr. C. Hart Merriam of Washington,
D. C, Is at the California.
John Breuner, a merchant of Sacra
mento, is at the Palace.
H. M. La Rue, the Railroad Commis
sioner, la at the Occidental.
James Philip Smith, a capitalist of
Santa Cruz, is at the Palace,
Henry Gannett of the United States Ge
ological Survey is at the Occidental.
Richard U. Goode of the United States
Geological Survey is at the Occidental.
Edwin Burnett Smith, a prominent at
torney of Chicago, is at the Palace.
W. H. Clary of the Sheep Ranch mine
Is at the Lick with his son, W. H. Clary
Jr.
I. A- Lothian, Thomas Bigua, J- K.
Skinner and John H. Norton of Los An
geles are at the Palace.
Amos Burr, the passenger agent of the
Vanderbllt system, has returned from a
trip to the Sound country.
D. "W. Hitchcock, general agent of the
passenger department of the Union Pa
cific, has returned from a visit to Los
Angeles.
James J. Farrel. C. M. Carter of El
Paso and James White of San Antonio
arrived yesterday to attend the council
of the Brotherhood of Locomotive Engi
neers.
Thomas Schumacher, general agent of
the Union Pacific freight department, has
resigned his position with the Union Pa
cific to accept that of vice president and
general manager of the Transcontinental
Fruit Express.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— C. W. An
thony and wife and Earle Anthony of Los
Angeles are at the Riggs House. Charles
H. Benham of San Francisco Is at the St.
, James.
THE DEMAND.
Another era's dawning. Things that charmed
the world before
Are losing their attractions, hour by hour.
The idol of the masßes finds his glory almost
o'er,
Like the fainting fragrance of a withering
flower.
No more the politician moves the multitude
to cheers;
No more for orators the music plays;
No more men wait with laurels for successful
financiers.
You've got to be a hero nowadays.
Dame Clio takes her pen in hand and turns
another page
The records of a marvelous year to trace,
And thousands crowd and struggle her atten
tion to engage,
But the old-time winners aren't In the race.
In vain the mountebank proclaims his presence
with a drum;
In vain doth art perform her polished lays.
The echoing of the cannon makes all else seem
sadly dumb.
You've got to be a hero nowadays.
—Washington Star.
NEWS OF IOREIGN NAVIES.
The maxim that "the speed of a squad
ron is governed by its slowest ship," was
practically illustrated during the recent
French naval maneuvers, which also in
cidentally brought out the fact that there
Is a vast discrepancy between trial speed
and sea speed. A squadron consisting of
seven armored vessels and three cruisers,
practiced "keeping station" passing at
the highest uniform speed before the forts
of Brest. The speed was found to be
twelve knots, which, compared with the
credited trial speeds, is a rather consider
able reduction. The names of the fleet
in the squadron and their paper speeds
were as follows:
FRENCH SQUADRON AT BREST.
NAME.
*} a » m
r r** oi
'■ ■ ? i°
Admiral Pothnau | 8.630!
Bouvinea 6,G10;
Dupuy de Lome 6.406J
Jemappes 6..W21
Massena 11.924 1
Trehauart 6.C29
Valmy 6,592
Catinat 4.065!
Epervler I!2SSJ
Surcouf 2,044|
i)
1595 10.358119.20
ilS92| 8.400J16.05
J1890|14,000;20.00
1592! 9.250116.70
' 1895! 13.500! 17. 50
18931 8.500J15.T6
IS92| 8,954116.70
ilSI'6 9.000| 19.00
11885 3.200117.60
:
The first seven names are those of arm
ored ships, the others are cruisers. Ac
cording to above speeds that of the Bou
vines should have been that of the squad
ron, but the "lame ducks" were the
Jemappes and Valmy, which could not
make over twelve knots. Similar man
euvers in Great Britain have given four
teen knots as the speed of squadrons
under like condition.
The electric launch recently ordered by
Russia in England was shipped to Kron
stadt, July 13. The contract was to make
at half-power 4V> knots per hour for ten
hours, but she made 5% knots. Boats are
now being built which will run 80 knots
without exhausting the current In the
storage battery.
A trial course of two miles In length is
to be laid off in 20 fathoms, near Ply
mouth off either Devon or the Cornish
const. It is to be used as a trial course
for large ships, the experience of late
years having shown that deep
water is required to make the heavy
draught armored ships and cruisers get
all the speed of which the engines are
capable under most economical conditions.
In shallow water it takes more power to
drive the ship at a given speed than oft
soundings.
The now French battleship Suffren of
11.870 tons is to be fitted with 20 Nlclause
water-tube boilers to develop 16,500-horsft
power. The total cost of the ship, includ
ing armament, is estimated at $5,591,755.
The Marceau, built In 1887 is also to have
a pet of the same type of boilers. The
Belleville boiler is gaining in popularity
in Great Britain, but the Niclause boiler
is now almost entirely displacing the
Belleville in the French navy.
There is great activity in the shipyards
at Kiel, Btettin, Elbing and Hamburg.
Among the orders placed by the Govern
ment are six large torpedo boat destroy
ers of thirty-three knots speed to be
ready for service early next year. Orders
have also been received from Russia,
Spain, Brazil and the Argentine.
A novel scheme of naval defense has
been suggested to the War Office and Ad
miralty of Great Britain by Major Gen
eral Crease. He proposes placing a num
ber of floating battle forts at certain im
portant localities along the coast of the
kingdom, the forts to be 11,500 tons, 400
feet length, 100 feet beam draft. 11% feet
and a speed of 8 knots. They are to have
a side armor of 12 inches tapering to 3
inches below water. Four two-story tur
rets will carry the heaviest guns made.
To each battle fort are to be attached two
battleship exterminators of 3200 tons, un
armored, with guns solely to repel toi
ptdc-boat destroyers, and their only
means of attacking battleships would be
by ramming and torpedoes. They are to
be 350 feet length, 39% feet beam and with
35,000 horse power a speed of 35 knots is
anticipated.
The cost of French battleships Is far
out of proportion to that of United States
ships of the same class, as the following
comparative table of size and cost indi
cates.
Cost of French and American battle
ships:
Esti-
mated
Cost.
vet
rlemagne ..... ............"....
ilois
Louis
3sena
12,200
11.275
11.273
11,275
11,924
$5,417,3
I 6,291,7
5,254,3
5,330,1
5.425.S
AMERICAN SHIPS.
NAME.
Actual
Cost.
msetts
10,288
10,288
10.25S
I 5.262.511
t 5,740,08!
The cost includes guns, armor and out
fit, as the wages in French dockyards are
only one-third those paid in this country.
Shipbuilding is evidently very expensive
In France.
HTTMOiC OF THE DAY.
"What do you understand by the de
partment of domestic science?"
"It's where they teach women How to
keep their husbands away from the
clubs."
Of course the answer was wrong, but
they all felt she ought to go to the head
of the class just the same.— Chicago Post.
Her dress was so wildly bizarre.
That people who heard it afarre,
Cried out in affright
And remarked at the sight,
"That outfit would quite stop a carre."
— Indianapolis Journal.
How can Eva May put up with such
a spoony fellow as Cholly Cadlets?"'
"Why, I suppose that's just it "
"What is?"
"Because he was born with a silvei
spoon in his mouth."— Philadelphia Bul
letin.
"Did you hear of the Czar's proposal to
disarm Europe?" inquired the officer
"Yes," answered Admiral Camara with
emotion, "it does seem that this fleet of
mine has got to be destroyed somehow
or other."— Washington Star.
aSS? tht^*" 1S yy ° Ur complaint
Bluejacket-Well, sir, aS I was Calkin'
arf t, th s ere boy, "c ■up an' . calls me a
Woomin Id Jl \, Now ,% >OW would ■ you^kl
to be called a bloomln' idjit. supposln' you
wasn't Punch.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENT*.
■THE GLOUCESTER-H. M., City. THa
speed of tie Gloucester is 16 knots. I
CUBAN BONDS-*. R. City. Cuba*
cls n co S ma r rkel 0t **>ted to the San Franj .
VENEZUELA MONKT-J. A., San Mat
♦£ 0> r^iWH 1 ' Uof Venezuela money la
the Bolivar. That, in United States
money, is worth 19.3 cents aiea
GAMBLING-E. P. D., Oakland. Cal
If there is any place where there is any
gambling going on it la your privilege to'
&¥£&&$.«"»*»» to - he -
DEPARTURE OF TROOPS— C J
City. The first United States regulars
left San Francisco for the East April •>!)
IS9B. The First California Volunteers left
for Manila May 2.". meers lett
OLD-TIME COAL YARD - Pioneer
Days, City. There was a coal yard on
the present site of the Grand Hotel and
the Burlington befo-e the Civil War In ■
1867 a portion of thr.t site was rented to ■
B. T. Pease, who established a coal yard
there.
THE PROSPER— Mrs. S. D.. City.
There are three schooners named Pros
per that sail out of this port, and aa you
do not specify the particular one you
desire information about, the question
cannot be answered.
DUCK SHOOTING— O. A. 8., Oakland,
Cal. A hunter in the State of California
may shoot ducks in Mason on any of the
navigable waters, irrespective of the fact
that such waters run into or through so
called game preserves, but the hunter
is subject to the local orrli-iances in the
territory In which such waters are.
THE GREAT OBJECTOR-N. N., City.
The late William S. Holman of Indiana,
at the outset of his Congressional cfl
reer, became conspicuous as a champion
of economy, and from his constant objec
tions to new appropriations and measures
that he considered extravagant, he was
called the "great objector" and tha
"watchdog of the treasury."
DRAINAGE— T. F., City. There is an
ordinance of this city which says: "No
person owning or having control of any
premises shall suffer or permit the drain
age, or any drain therefrom, to empty
into or upon any other premises or pub
lic square, street or highway, except by
permission of the committee of the Board
of Supervisors on Health and Police.
WASHINGTON VOLUNTEERS — An
Old Subscriber, City. To obtain the na
tionality of the men who made up the
complement of Washington volunteers
would involve an examination of the mus
ter af each company, now on file at
Washington, D. C. The War Department
has such records, but not compiled, and
it Is doubtful if the department would de
tain a clerk to make the compilation.
POSITION IN THE MINT— A sub
scriber, Stockton, Cal. To secure a po
sition in the United States Mint pick out
what particular position you would like
to fill, qualify for it, then take a civil
service examination, and if you pass,
wait' until there is a vacancy. This of
course does not apply to those positions
which are filled by nomination by the
President and confirmation by the Sen
ate of the United States.
AUTOMOBILE— A. L. X., City. Auto
mobile carriages have been manufactur
ed in the United States by A. C. Ames
of Chicago, Shorges of Chicago, Dr. H.
Baker in Kansas, Holzer-Cabot in Bos
ton, in Racine, Wis., and by H. P. Max
im. This list includes steam and electric
carriages and tricycles. Don't know of
any such machines in this city. Thero
waa a gasoline tricycle that was run in
the park about a year and a half ago,
but it was ordered out, on the gTound
that if frightened the horses.
NATIONAL. HOLlDAY— Constant Read
er, City. The statement that there is
no national holiday in the United States
Is correct. There, is no such holiday, not
even the Fourth of July. Congress has.
at various times, appointed SDecial holi
days. In the second session of the Fifty
third Congress was passed an act making
Labor day a public holiday in the Dis
trict of Columbia, and it has recognized
the existence of certain days as holidays
for commercial purposes in such legisla
tion as the bankruptcy act, but with the
exceptions named there is no general
statute on the subject. The proclamation
of the President designating a day of
thanksgiving only makes it a holiday in
those States which provide by law for it.
The Federal courts and officers of the
United States Government, however, ob
serve the legal holidays of the States in
which they are located.
HOW FRUIT IS CRYSTALLIZED— S.,
Spenceville, Cal. Fruit is crystallized in
the following manner: Make a syrup
from one pound of sugar and half a pint
of water, stir until the sugar is dissolved,
then bail quickly about three or four
minutes. Try by dipping a little in cold
water. If it forms a small ball when roll
ed between the thumb and finger it has
attained the desired degree, known as the
ball. Throw the fruit to be conserved a
little at a time in tho syrup. Let it sim
mer for a moment, lift with a skimmer,
draining free from all syrup. Sprinkle
sugar thickly over boards or tin pans,
place the fruit over it in a single layer,
sprinkle over thickly with granulated
sugar and place in an oven or the sun to
dry. When dry make a syrup as before
and just before it reaches the ball de
gree add the fruit and stir with a wooden
spoon until it begins to grain and sticks
to the fruit. When cold sift off the
sugar and put out again to dry. When dry
place in boxes in layers between sheets
of waxed paper. It should be kept in a
cool, dry place.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a.*
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Alien's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Old Flemish, old Dutch and Gray Oak,
Mahogany, Cherry, Bone Ebony, Mat
Gilts and Fine Bronze are tne finishes in
picture frames this fall, and they go well
with platinotypes. plain ana colored pho
tographs, etchings, engravings and water
colors. Sanborn. Vail & Co. have every
tnlng in these lines at reasonnMe prices. •
"There's no use to ask Colonel Brlndle
to make th' Fourth o' July oration ag'ln."
"Why not?"
"All colonel kin do is to twist th' British
lion's tail, an' thet's played out." — Chir
cago Plain Dealer.
First and Second
Class rates ajrain reduced via the Santa Fe
route. Call at the new ticket office. 62S Market. '
Dewey Is a temperance man and knows what
Dr. Sie&ert's Angostura Bitters did to brae*
him up at Manila.
"Hannah," exclaimed the very young
housekeeper, "how in the world uid you
happen to bring home black bass when I
told you to get bluefish?"
"Well, miss," was the answer, after
some consideration, "I reckens I must hab
dis yere 'fliction I hyhud yer readin'
'bout. I's color blind."— Washington Star.
ADYEBTISEMENTS.
Baking Powder
Most healthful
leavener in
the world.
Goes farther.
ROYAL BAKINO POWDER CO., NBW VOBX.A PARK WILL
SUPPLANT
THE DIVES
Supervisors Provide
the Money.
ST. MARY SQUARE CREATED
BACON PLACE WILL ALSO UE
PURIFIED.
Mayor Phelan and the Property
Owners Benefited Will Mate
rially Assist the Park
as Projected.
The plague spot of San Francisco, op
posite St. Mary's Church, Is to be forever
removed. A beautiful park, with trees
and shrubs, will mark the place where for
many years the worst forms <>f crime and
corruption wi-re fostered, and where
thousands of human lives were wrecked.
The efforts of Father Otis and of tho
St. Marys Square Association to secure
the condemnation of the property bounded
by Dupont street, St. Mary's place, Cali
fornia and Pine streets for park purposes
were favorably considered by the Board
of Supervisors yesterday. By unanimous
vote the board pledged itself to contribute
the J75.1W0 asked as part of the $100,000
needed for condemnation purposes, and
steps will immediately be taken to enter
suit to acquire the tract.
Father Otis and Attorney Shadbume
were on hand when the board convened,
and both expressed themselves as doubt
ful concerning the action of the Supervis
ors. Father Otis .said that he feared the
board might hesitate to grant the $75,000,
in view ot the prospects for an increased
tax levy. He was tar from expecting the
unanimous favorable action of the Super
visors.
Mr. SJiadburne addressed the board at
some length, presenting the request of the
St. Mary Square Association and giving
a brief history of the efforts of the Paul
ist Fathers to remove the hotbed of vice
opposite St. Mary's Church. He stated
that the people of San Francisco and the
daily papers all favored the proposed park
and would cheerfully concur In the award
of $75,000 toward the project. It required
only an additional cent to be placed on the
tax levy, and he declared that San Fran
ciscans would think it a small price to be
paid to get rid of the collection of dens
which have so long disgraced the fair
name of the city.
No sooner had he finished than Super
visor Brltt moved "that favorable action
be taken upon the request of St. Mary's
Square Association." Dr. Clinton moved
to amend that the $75,000 asked be given
to the object, provided that the tax levy
should not exceed $1 15 for city purposes.
This amendment provoked a storm of dis
cussion, and was finally withdrawn,
whereupon the original motion went
through with a whirl.
Mayor Phelan subsequently expressed
himself as highly gratified at the action
of the board. "I am going to do all in
my power to assist the par*, project," he
said. "While we are about It Bacon place
gates and Bacon place dens will un
doubtedly have to go. There will be a
complete clean-up in that section of the
city. The Supervisors will no doubt act
on the question of closing Bacon place in
the near future. It would never do to
leave that collection of dens on the very
eoge of the new park."
Supervisor Delany, chairman of the
Committee on Health and Police, was
asked tor the reason why Bacon place
gates had been permitted to remain up
to the present time. "The Supervisors
referred that matter to my committee,"
responded Delany, but at that time
other disreputable blocks in the neighbor
hood were not purified and it seemed best
to allow the people of Bacon place to
screen themselves from the gaze of pas
sers-by. Now that the board has de
cided to fumigate that section and estab
lish a park, I can assure you the Bacon
place gates and the dens behind the gates
will have to go. There will be no delay in
taking the matter up." . _ ' . .
Rev. Father Otis announced that a sub
scription paper would be at once circu
lated to secure the $25,000 needed to sup
plement the $75,000 appropriation by the
board for paying condemnation claims.
IT CAME FROM THE
DISSECTING ROOM
THE ARM FOUND IN THE BAY
NEAR OAKLAND.
Coroner Baldwin Declares That the
Human Member Is Part
of a Medical Student's
Cadaver.
The mystery surrounding the finding of
a human arm Sunday afternoon, near the .
Eighth-street bridge, in Oakland, was dls- j
pelled by a further Investigation yester- |
day. Coroner K. O. Baldwin has exam- '
lned the member with the utmost care j
and announces In positive terms that It le j
part of a cadaver dissected by a medical
student.
From the elbow to the wrist the grew-
Borne find measures exactly ten inches. ,
while the hand itself is evidently that of a |
man of large physical proportions. The
nails are rough and ill-kept. The disar
tlculation at the elbow is done with a pre- i
cision and accuracy which only one versed j
in surgical science could accomplish, and
the skin from tho elbow to the point at
which the hand attaches has been com-
P Onlhfup P p P ef of anterior surface of the
arm, where the wrist Intervenes between
the hand and the lower forearm, is a
clean incisive cut, and this is the divid
ing line between the skin which renting
o!f the hand and that part of the arm
which has been denuded of its cuticle.
This in Coroner Baldwin s opinion, is a
conclusive argument as to the use to
which the arm has been put.
While the skin and flesh are missing
from the arm. the entire system of ten
dons, arteries and nerves are present and
in perfect condition. These all have the
appearance of having been segregated
from each other In the style of and ac
< ordlng to the methods In vogue in the
tiißßectlng room.
In the meantime, with the arm thus ac
counted for, the mystery of the floating
),'•;.<! off Berkeley )>• ach is yet unsolved.
The fact that the head was seen at a
:r remote from that at
which the arm was taken from the water
would ff Hnflf suggest that the two are
In no mannor connected. In addition to
this It is well known that the heads of
dissecting room cadavers are never
thrown away.
Angelia R. Scott's Will Admitted.
Angelia R. Scott's will was admitted to
probate yesterday. Letters testamentary
v.orp, granted Charles S. Tllton, Frank
Garcia Jr. and C. M. Uerrish, named In
the will as executors. Tho admitting of
the will to probate is but a natural se
quence following the defeat of the con
tost of E. W. Scott, husband of the tes
tatrix. The contest of Amanda Meily has
been dismissed, ami there Ib nothing in
the way of flnftl distribution of the es
tnte, unless the Supreme Court, in event
;ui appeal is taken from the decision of
Judge Coffey, reverses the decision of the
lower court.
Divorce Suits Filed.
John W. Lemmon has applied for a di
vorce from Emma Lemmon, alleging
intemperance as a cause of complaint.
Orlando B. Adams has sued Mary A. Ad
ams for a divorce on the ground of d»
pcrtion. Hilda J. Pettersen asks for a di
vorce from Carl L. Pettersen on tho
ground of cruelty.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larltin r>ta. Swimming, Runsinn, hot
and cold tub batlis. Salt water direct from ocean.
SHE JUST WON'T, AND THAT'S ALL.
Gretchen Lyons Objects to Tights and Riles tHe
Alcazar Management,
Gretchen Lyons, leading lady at the Alcazar, is pitting her "won't"
against the management's "will," and the balance of the company are bet
ting on the results.
"All the Comforts of Home" is the Innocent cause of this disturbance
in the little theatrical -umily. Manager Thall decided to put on the com
edy, provided, of course, that the reign of the <"hinese play will permit of
anything else being done at the Alcazar this season — and to Miss Lyons
naturally fell tho part of "Fifi."
"Fifi" wears tights— for one fleeting brief Instant— and that is the rea
son Miss Lyons won't play and that Mark Thall speaks "contract," and
Belasco keeps discreetly out of the way.
The leading lady has no reason to offer for refusing to appear with her
nether limbs incased In the tender clinging folds of esthetic silk stockinet.
She just says "I won't," and that settles it as far as she is concerned.
The management unfortunately la not so easily settled. Genial Mark
Thall, to the surprise of all, has for once lost his temper, and says that
Miss Lyons will wear those tights or else he will know the reason why.
Dark, deep and dreadful hint? are dropped, in which "cork leg, pigeon
toed, knock-kneed and bandy-legged" figure conspicuously and outraged
authority intimates the possibility of putting on a play in which the entire
company will have to appear in tights.
Miss Lyons considers that the dignity of her position as leading lady
precludes the wearing of tights, though phe admits that she sees no Immo
rality In the tight-fitting, flesh-colored coverings. In her difficulty she has
appealed to Manager Belasco, but Belasco is suffering the pangs of too
much prosperity. "Go to Thall." said the manager to the actress, "I am
making too much money, and there is trouble enough for me for the pres
ent."
And so the matter rests. If the controversy should be brought into
court her professional sisters are In a position to testify in Miss Lyons' fa
vor and swear there is no physical defect, and above all no cork.
LOUISE VEILL.ER.
LIVED IN FEAR
OF CAPTURE
The Charles E. Moody's
Momentous Voyage.
— _
ANCHORED ON DUXBURY REEF
NARROW ESCAPE OF THE SHIP
GALENA.
Enormous burns in Subsidies Being
Paid by the Japanes Govern
ment to Increase Her
Merchant Marine.
The American sljip Charles E. Moody
Is safe In port. For 135 days the crew
lived In constant fear of being captured
by a Spanish privateer, and before the
voyage was a ■week old some of the sail
ors vowed that they were foreordained
to end their days In a Spanish prison.
The Charles E. Moody sailed from Phil
adelphia on April 29, or two days after
the declaration of war with Spain. Cap
tain Leonard remarked before sailing that
he guessed the dons would have their
hands full keeping out of the way of Un
cle Sam's warships, without bothering
with merchant prizes. Still a bright look
out was kept, and one night when in the
Bermudas a big steam vessel hove In
sight, and all hands were called, and ev
ery man had his heart In his mouth. The
Moody had every stitch of canvas set,
and was reeling off her ten knots as reg
ularly as the hour came around. It was
in the mate's watch that the big black
mass hove up out of the darkness. Not
a light was visible, but the hull kept ris
ingl and rising and looming up blacker
and blacker. Captain Leonard wis call
ed, and by the time he got on deck two
smokestacks and a fighting mast were
visible. The warship paid no attention
to the wind-jammer, but kept on her
course and she was soon hull down, much
to the relief of the crew.
The last steamer for St. Michael this
season got away yesterday. The Port
land, of the Alaska Commercial Compa
ny'B line, sailed for the north loaded down
with provisions, but with very few pas
sengers. Among her cargo was ten tons
of ice, which is expected to last the pas
sengers and crew until the Arctic ice is
met in Bering Sea.
The American ship Kenllworth salted
Sterday from Valparaiso for New York
jommand of Captain Murphy, late of
Shenandoah. Soon after leaving Hllo
New York the Kenilworth caught fire,
the captain, mate and cabin boy were
suffocated. The second mate took the
vessel into Valparaiso, where the flre was
put out and the vessel overhauled.
The Japanese Government Is doing all
In its power to build up a merchant ma
rine. It Is fostering steamer lines run
ning from Yokohama to all parts of the
world, and in a month or so three Jap
anes owned steamers will be carrying
merchandise and passengers to and from
San Francisco. In order to enable these
new companies to compete with foreign
concerns the Japanese Government under
the "shipping encouragement regula
tions" pays a bonus of over four million
yen a year. Thus the Siberian line of
steamers receives 50,201 yen from the Gov
ernment, the Chinese line 30,179 yen, the
European lines 2,r,23,572 yen, the Seattle
line 910,573 yen, and the San Francisco
line 599.561 yen. These amounts are to be
paid for a number of years, so that onco
the Japs get into good working order
they will make things warm for the un
suiißidized lines.
The bark Nicholas Thayer arrived from
Nushagak yesterday with 23,570 cases of
salmon. On June 15 Frank Wlgrau, one
if the cannery hands, died. lie was 45
years old and a native of Finland.
On the American bark George F. Man
son now out 132 days from Sydnoy, N. S.
w ' 80 per cent reinsurance was paid
vosterday. The J. D. Peters was 134 days
hviking the same run some time ago, so
I t ne >-e is still a chance for the Manson.
The British ship Galena, from Antwerp
I had a narrow ©scape yesterday morning.
Had it been blowing anyway hard she
! would have gone on Duxbury reef, and
the chances are that all hands would
have been drowned. When the Govern
ment decided to replace the whistling
bnoy in mid channel with a lightship the
shipping in all parts of the world was
notified six months beforehand. Whoa
the lightship was anchored in position the
whistling buoy was removed and placed
i on Duxbury reef with only a formal no
THE SAX FBA^ CISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBRE 13, IS9B.
tice. Certainly Captain Blair of the Ga
lena nover heard of the change. At 3
a. m. yesterday he passed Point Reyes,
and steering east southeast, expected to
make San Franclßco in a few hours.
"\Vht-n off port he heard the whistling
buoy, and it being foggy he headed his
vessel for it and placed a man in tha
chains to throw the lead. The vessel
ran close up to the whistle and then the
mate who was on the forecastle, called
out "Captain, this buoy is labeled 'Dux
bury.' " The ship was at once anchored,
and Captain Blair sat down to await a
breeze that would take him out of his
perilous position. Luckily Captain F.
Jordan, in the pilot boat America, saw
the Galena and at once made for her.
The fog lifted, a light breeze sprang up
and the Galena reached port in safety.
Uncle Sam wants at least 400 sailors,
anc the sooner they are recruited the bet
ter he will be pleased. Of this number
250 are wanted for Admiral Dewey's fleet
at Manila and the others are to man the
Farragut, Philadelphia, Adams, Ranger
and Hartford. As soon as the latter is
completed she Is to go on a voyage around
the wr.rld.
The United States has awarded a gold
watch and chain to Captain Fairley
Brown a pair of binocular glasses to
Chief Officer J. Tolnton and a life savitig
medal nnd $25 to four sailors af the Brit
ish ship Holywell for rescuing the cap
tain and crew of the American schooner
Seventy-six.
FROM OVER THE OCEAN.
Fine Importation of French Milli
nery and Dress Goods at
Hale Bros.
One of the most attractive dry-goods
stores In the city at the present time Is
Hale Brothers, 937 to 947 Market street.
For some time past the firm has been
preparing to give the public a surprise
In the shape of the finest stock of mil
linery, silks, neckwear and a hundred
other articles and goods that go to make
up the contents of an up-to-date estab
lishment. In order that theae might be
properly presented it was decided to have
an exhibition of this fall opening, which
began at 8 o'clock yesterday and will con
tinue to-day and to-morrow. By 11 o'clock
every department of the store was filled
with visitors, and the inspection of the
goods proved all that had been promised
by the firm. Millinery from the most
fashionable makers of Paris came In for
much admiration of the fair sex of this
city, and costumes from the finest dress
makers of that gay city received an
equal share of the praise. The firm takes
groat pride in its recent Importations.
The show-windows are attracting much
attention. In one of the windows Is to
be seen a beautiful collection of decora
tlvo art goods, also from across the At
lantic and the adjoining display is of im
ported silk goods, with their appropriate
trimmings. It Is certain that the rush
will be kept up for several days to come.
CORONER'S VERDICTS.
Three Accidental Deaths for Which
There Was No One to Blame.
An Inquest was held yesterday by Coro
ner Hawkins on the body of William Hus
sey, a coal minor, who died on September
5 In St. Luke's Hospital, In this city, from
the effects of injuries received by being
caught between the side of a cage and
a shaft in the Tesla coal mine, Contra
Costa County.
The Jury returned a verdict to the ef
fect that the death was accidental, and
censured the Tesla Coal Company for not
producing witnesses at the inquest.
Verdicts of accidental death were re
turned in the cases of Michael J. RUey
run over by the San Jose train at the
Intersection of Treat avenue with Twenty
second street, and Simon Flaherty, run
over by an electric car at Eighteenth and
Church streets. It was shown by the
witnesses that the motorman and the
engineer in both cases rang the bells and
gave sufficient warning to the unfortu
nate men, but that one stepped back on
the track Just before the engine struck
him, and the other was concealed from
the motorman by a curve In the road.
Ministers' Meetings.
Dr. Jamrs Woodworth delivered an In
teresting talk before the Presbyterian
ministers yesterday on "The Coming
Woman." He told of the great struggles
she had gone through to reach her pres
ent standard, and was In favor of her
further advancement. In the discussion
that followed, Dr. Hemphill. Dr. Scott
Dr. Mint urn and Dr. Carson participated'
At the Congregational ministers' meet
ing, Rev. W. W. Lovoloy, who will short
ly leave for Los Angeles to act as pastor
in one of the leading churches there, read
a carefully prepared paper.
Henry L. Foreman's Will.
The will of Henry L. Foreman, who
died on the 29th ult., was filed for pro
bate yesterday. The estate consists of a
$5000 bequest In the will of the late Adolph
Sutro. It is bequeathed to Frances D.
Foreman, ■widow of the testator.
Clinton on the Tax L-vy.
Dr. Clinton, of the Board of Supervisors,
Is figuring on a tax schedule of $1 15 for
city and county purposes. He will pre
sent It at the next regular meeting of
the board. "I favor the Jl 15 limit, de
clared the doctor In an Interview.
OFFICERS
ENGAGE IN
FISTICUFFS
Captain and Doctor
Spar Over Coffee.
WHOLE REGIMENT LOOKS ON
GENERAL MILLER PROHIBITS
ALL ROWDY ASSEMBLAGES.
Furloughs Optional for the Men
Being Mustered Out — Sequel of
the Attack on th« Thomas
Family.
As the result of a personal encounter
early yesterday morning between two of
the officers of the Fifty-first lowa Regi
ment, both are now. under arrest, and
one of them is nursing a fractured shoul
der. The affair occurred just outside of
the mess tent of the field and staff offi
cers during breakfast, and the partici
pants were Captain J. T. Davidson, the
regimental adjutant, and Surgeon First
Lieutenant Donald Macrae. The affair
was one of those unfortunate kind that
are the result of a quick temper and the
excitement of the moment. Neither officer
engaged in the difficulty when seen would
discuss it, but from other sources the
facts were learned. Captain Davidson
and Lieutenant Macrae are members of
the field and staff mess, and the former
officer is at present the caterer of it.
It appears that until quite recently Lieu
tenant Frank M. Compton, battalion ad
jutant of the Second battalion, was the
caterer. Some of the members of the
mess thought that it was costing them
rather high, so Lieutenant Compton re
signed in favor of Captain Davidson, in
order to sea If he could reduce the ex
penses.
Yesterday morning at breakfast Lieu
tenant Compton found fault with the cof
fee, and Captain Davidson replied that !
it was the same kind that had been JJur- i
nished by Lieutenant Compton when he
was caterer. Here it was that Lieutenant
Macrae, in an innocent wwaty t ventured the
remark that it did not taste the same, i
Captain Davidson lost his temper, and !
hotly demanded of the lieutenant if he !
meant to Insinuate that he was a liar.
Macrae replied warmly that he did not, |
but insisted that the coffee was off-color :
Just the same, and having taken his po- I
sition he refused to retreat. One word !
led to another, and the art'air came to a |
head when Captain Davidson fired a cup
Of the coffee at the lieutenant. He missed
hifl mark, and concluding that he could j
do more effective work at close range he
invited the lieutenant outside the tent, j
The young sui*geon quickly 'accepted his!
Invitation to transfer the scene of hos
tilities. When the officers reached the i
outside they lost no time In getting down ,
to work, with the whole regiment look- !
ing on. They clinched and the lieutenant j
fell on top of the captain. At this junc
ture Colonel Loper appeared, and order- ;
ed both officers to desist and go to their ;
quarters under arrest. They promptly j
obeyed. Colonel Loper reported the af- 1
fair to General Miller, who commended j
him for placing the men under arrest.
Later in the day Captain Davidson made
most ample and full apologies to Lieu
tenant Macrae for losing his temper, and j
as far as any personal feeling is con- i
cerned the two officers are again friends. t
The injury to Captain Davidson's shoul- :
der will incapacitate him for duty for j
some days. In view of the facts that the '
officers have shaken hands, Colonel Lo
per stated that he would probably re
lease them from arrest to-day, and that
no further steps would be taken in the |
matter, as the incident would be consid- i
ered closed.
It is possible that First Lieutenant Cave
Johnson, Company H, First Tennessee
Regiment, may have to appear before a
court martial to answer the charge of j
conduct prejudicial to good order and j
military discipline. The affair is being j
kept very quiet by the officers of the
regiment, and there Is a possibility that \
it may be smoothed over without any
formal proceedings. It appears that dur
ing the absence of Captain O'Brien, com- I
manding the company, that Lieutenant !
Johnson, for some trilling offense, placed i
some or the men under arrest. It is
claimed that the offense did not warrant !
the arrest, and when Captain O'Brien re- j
turned he released them. This is said
to have nettled the lieutenant, and sev
eral days after he refused >io take the
company out and drill it when ordered by
his captain. Charges are said to have
been preferred by Captain O'Brien against
Lieutenant Johnson, and these Colonel
Smith !s now Investigating, with the view
of se*lng if the difficulty cannot be
amicably adjusted.
Captain \\ hitthorn, Company B, First
Tennessee Regiment, makes a very plain
statement regarding the alleged attack
upon the negro H. A. Bailey, said to have
been made a few nights ago in Union
Square by Privates J. B. Spencer and
George H. Russ of his company. He is
now making an investigation, and he de
clares that if the men are guilty they !
shall certainly be punished. From what
Captain Whltthorn says the two men
named, with another soldier, were in the
square when they met Bailey and had
some words with him. The-y then left the
negro. At the time the two soldiers are
said to have been almost helplessly drunk.
From what can be learned it appears that
Bailey returned and renewed the trouble
with the soldiers, bringing with him a
club. He got the best of the two soldiers
and they were put to flight. Neither
Spencer nor Russ is a Tennesseean. If
the captain ascertains that the men were
at fault in provoking the negro he will
prefer charges against them, but it seems
that Bailey is to blame for returning and
renewing the trouble.
Colonel Smith yesterday returned the
report of the board of officers, appointed
to assesß the damage done the property of
the Thomas family, to General Miller. The
board fixed the damage at $231, which
Colonel Smith refused to pay. HJb refusal
Is based more or less upon a technical
ground. From the report of the board it
is shown that the soldiers of the Tennes
see regiment a.lone are responsible, and as
it is an established fact that some of the
soldiers of the lowa and Kansas regi
ments were in the crowd that damaged
the property, Colonel Smith is unwilling to
pay the entire damage and thus make it
appear that his regiment was entirely to
blame. He had a long conference with
General Miller upon the subject, with tne
result that the latter will appoint a board
of Inquiry to ascertain just who is re
sponsible, and that if more than one regi
ment was concerned just what proportion
of the damage each shall pay.
General Miller has issued the following
order: "The assembling: of enlisted men
In crowds or large parties beyond the
limits of their respective camps is pro
hibited. This order applies particularly
to the streets In the vicinity of the Pre
sidio as well as to the Presidio proper
The patrol guard will break up and dis
perse all such crowds and will arrest and
confine in the guardhouse at the Presidio
all soldiers who fail to comply with the
orders of the commanding officer of the
guard to so disperse and return to their
camps."
In regard to the question of furlough
ing the men of the Seventh and Sixth
regiments, now being mustered out. it
has been decided by tne War Department
that the men can be mustered out here
without the thirty days' furlough; but if
they accept this they get no pay for the
thirty days of furlough and no transpor
tation to their homes. It is needless to
say that none of the soldiers will avail
themselves o/ this generous offer made by
the Government.
The judge advocate of the independent
division, in his report to the War Depart
ment, has some interesting figures regard
ing the trials of the men by court-martial
A total of 7SI cases have been tried here
since the troops came, and of this num
ber only eighteen were acquitted. Six of
this number acquitted were regulars. One
hundred and ninety-three regulars and
588 volunteers were tried. There were
only thirteen serious cases, and only four
of these were regulars.
The Hardtmuth lead pencil is the beat In
the v/orld. Try the Koh-I-Noor. •
WILL DECIDE
THE TAX LEVY
Supervisors to Meet To-
Morrow Morning.
CLINTON GOES ON RECORD
ASKS A BATE OF $1.15 FOR MU
NICIPAL PURPOSES.
Rottanzi Also Declares in Favor ~,t
as Low a Rate as Will Meet
the Requirements of the
City.
The tax levy will be taken up by the
Board of Supervisors, sitting in commit
tee of the whole, at 10 o'clock to-morrow
morning, when the present fiscal year
taxes will be fixed. The matter came up
before the board at its regular session
yesterday, when Supervisor Clinton of
fered a resolution amendatory of the mo
tion made by Britt to devote $75,000 to the
purchase of land embraced in the pro
posed St. Mary's Park. Clinton's resolution
pledged the Supervisors to keep the city
and county levy down to $1 15 and appro
priated the sum asked for by Mr. Shad
burne for the park.
There was such strong opposition to the
resolution that Clinton withdrew it and
allowed the park appropriation to* be
passed. He gave notice, though, that he
would reintroduce that portion relating
to the tax levy later in the day.
Mayor Phelan asked when the Finance
Committee would meet for the purpose of
! taking up the levy, and after a consulta
j tion among the members it was decided
' to meet Wednesday morning in commit
tee of the whole. Clinton then announced
that he would present his resolution at
that time.
Rottanzi, in the course of a speech on
the tax levy, took occasion to denounce
the Examiner for insinuating that he was
not likely to support a low tax rate, 'me
doctor declared that as some of the de
partments—notably the hospital— were
conducted, $1 15 might not be sufficient to
meet the requirements of the government,
but he certainly was in favor of a low
rate— just as low as the city could get
along with— and he would certainly oppose
any attempt to make any material in
crease over the present rate.
Smith then offered the following reso
lution, which was referred to the Finance
Committee:
"Resolved, That in making appropria
tions for this fiscal year, of the
amount set aside for school purposes a
provision be made in said levy requiring
the Board of Education to expend there
from a sum not to exceed $30,000 for the
erection of a schoolhouse in the district
west of Castro street."
The clerk was instructed to notify the
heads of the various municipal depart
ments of Wednesday's meeting, in order
that they might attend if they cared to
do so.
The board received bids for a power
plant at the Almshouse, and referred
them to the Hospital Committee. Bids
were also received for 100 Keyler boxes
for the fire alarm and police telegraph
system, and they were referred to the
Fire Department Committee.
Permission was granted the National
Athletic Club to hold a boxing exhibition
during the month of October.
The following contractors were srranted
extensions of time on their street con
tracts: J. J. Dowling. paving crossing of
Church and Thirteenth streets, thirty
days; Flinn & Treacy, constructing stone
sidewalks on Jones street, near Pacific,
and on Bernard, between Jones and Tay
lor, sixty days each; City Street Improve
ment Company, paving crossing of Wal
nut and Clay, thirty days.
The demand of the Risdon Iron "Works
for $2925 for seventy hydrants supplied to
the Fire Department was ordered paid.
STBEET IMPROVEMENTS.
A Summary of the Work Approved
by the Board of Supervisors.
The following is a complete list of the
work passed by the Supervisors at yes
terday's session.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Greenwich, Pierce to Scott— Curbs and pay-
n Northerly. westerly and southerly portions of
the crossing of Greenwich and bcott— l2-inch
pipe sewer. . . .
Easterly portion of same crossing— l4-lnch
pipe sewer, etc.
Westerly, southwesterly and eoutheasterly
corners of snme crossing— Sidewalks.
Northeasterly corner of same crossing — Artl
flclal-titone sidewalks.
Entire roadway of satd crossing— Paving.
AShbury Hayes to Fell— Curbing and paving.
Treat avenue. Twenty-third to Twenty
fourth—Same.
Greenwich Broderlck to Baker— Same.
Greenwich' and Baker— Paving.
Greenwich, Baker to Lyon— Curbing and pay-
"sjiruce, Sacramento to California—Artlflclal
stone sidewalks.
Fourteenth avenue, II to J— Grading to offl-
Westerly Intersection of Stanyan and Oak—
Gutterways, etc.. and paving.
Westerly line of Stanyan. opposite northerly
line of Uak— Storm water Inlet, etc.
Shotwell, Twenty-sixth to Army— Grading,
construction of pipe sewer, curbing, sidewalks
a Canp, Army to Twenty-sixth— Grading.
Capp Army to Preclta avenue— Same.
Howard. Twenty-sixth to Army-Same.
Jones Francisco to Montgomery avenue-
Curbing, paving and construction of sewer,
etc., to connect with main sewer In Montgom-
Castro to a point In center line of
Tllden. 280 feet westerly from Castro— Pipe
8e Shotwell, Army to Preclta avenue— Curbing,
sidewalks and paving.
Treat avenue, Army to Preclta avenue— Grad-
ing
Four angular corners of the crossing; of
Clement anJ Ninth avenue— Curbs and artifi
cial-stone sidewalks.
Twenty-sixth, Potrero to San Bruno avenue-
Ninth avenue s#uth, M to N — Same.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET COM-
MITTEE.
Clinton Park, Valen^a to Guerrero—Prop
erty owners, for paving.
Jarnae from a point 600 feet northwest San
Jose avenue to Circular avenue— Property own
ers, fur opening of street.
Cnenery Miguel to Mateo— Property owners,
for revocation of the extension of ninety days
granted to Flinn & Treacy on their contract
for sewering. -#«j* ■«» . j
Hickory avenue, Gough to Octavia — M. A. de
Lavcttza, to have present width of sidewalk
established as It is. at 7 feet.
Alabama, Rlpley to Esmeralda avenue—Prop
erty owners, for grading.
Rosenkran, Esmeralda to Powhattan— Same.
Nebraska. Powhattan to Cortland— Same.
Southerly lire of Precita avenue, Folsom to
Alabama— Property owners, for construction
° Palmer? Randall to Fairmount — Property
owners for a rehearing in the matter ot the
proposed modification of grades and recon
struction of sewer.
Potrero avenue— Property owners, to compel
Market Street Railway Company to pave.
Eighth avenue, J to H— Property owners, for
trading and paving.
Easterly line of Cherry, 102 feet 8 inches
south of Clay— Mrs. Mary B. Klrkpatrlck, for
" FUbtrt Octavia to Lasuna— Mina Werner,
for permission to retain artificial stone curbs.
Jessie Hermann to its southerly termination
—William Belser & Co., for grading.
Fifth Harrison to Channel— Property owners,
for cleaning and flushing of sewer.
Joost avenue, San Jose to Congo— McCarthy
Company, for a change of grade.
Arcadia, Joost road north to private land-
Same. . „
Twenty-fifth, San Jose avenue to Guerrero-
Property owners, for extension of street.
Columbia Heights— Property owners, to have
grades established. --• -■ .
Seventeenth, Sanchez to Noe— J. J. Dowllngr,
for a release of contract for construction of
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
LIGHTS COMMITTEE.
Eddy, at the crossings of Taylor and Leaven
worth— Alhambra Theater Company, for erec
tion of electric lights.
Eddy, Taylor to Jones— Same.
Hampshire, at the crossings of Twenty-first
and Twenty-second— Residents, for erection of
electric lights.
Flllmore nnil Jarkson— Residents, for substi
tution of electric light In place of gas lamp.
Flllmore, at the crossings of Pacific avenue
and Broadway— Residents, for the removal of
two electric lights on mn»ts and suspension of
same over crossings from wires.
Alvarado, Guerrero to San Jose avenue — Prop
erty owners, for erection of street lamps.
Twenty-fifth and Texas — Property owners, for
erection of electric light.
St. Rose and Cork— Same.
AD VERTISEMENI S.
@ • Tak« it back— l told yo« * Battle Ax/ "
/ < Every man who has once chewed Battle Ax —
|& or who has made up his mind that he will chew Z
H it — will not accept any substitute. There is a 2
H predated by trying it. rmm%J%i
01 No matter what brand you have been chewing, a
2 Battle Ax is better, and if you will try it you will Q
& say so yourself.
f Demember the name 1
I r\ when you buy gflaiiLJ
Does
your 1 grocer money-back
other baking powders as
he does Schilling 5 Best?
60
NO PAINI NO PAIN!
r?SS^ Lowest Prices in the City!
3*£f^^^\ GUARANTEED.
9tm 1 TEETH WITHOUT
J&ZA jc&k m>J PLATES A SPECIALTY.
$& *srfH Full Pet of Teeth, ex-
'\m j V 1 trading free. .$4.50 up
. V^, Jfi&BmL. Gold Crowns, 22k
i-APt. J^^^jßF^^ Fillings t£Ho up
IIIPSySbS ELECTRO-DENTAL
b^^S^MUy^ Sul * e 7. Flood Building,
•*■ " 809 MARKET ST.
Office Hre.— 9 a.m. to 10 p.m.; ' Sun., 9 to 2 p.m.
q visit DR. JORDAN'S o^at
e&gm Museum of Anatomy
• l^ngl lCClilAßKT3T.tet.etk* 7th, B. 7. Sal.
ft « » The Largest of its kind in th« World.
l-^^\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
Kit H Bk. Conialutlon fte«. Write for B«ok
v\ ! of Marriage.
_»_ ■ MAILCO met.
'-\&*!J&M?SM "NO QUACKS."
'^^SBfSSIi^S^S S^- A good Electric Belt
will cure WITHOUT
jS^^tWT^Vtf^T^ MEDICINE. Buy no
|K>Lj^.2i:'-i_---^tB belt tl!1 >' ou Fee " Dr -
jK^a(Sl^K§fn«£S> I Call 'or ' address, free -
*«««j3!SwfV^ PIERCE r ELECTRIC i
V?r.slUf'- X CO 620 MARKET
: bar} STREET, opp. Palace Hotel,
Mention ■■ San Francisco,
this paper. ■.'■'■'
HOi&DR. HALL'S REiN VIGOR ATOR
kjgplia Five hundred reward for any case :
Bb»3 "w "''• cannot cure. This secret remedy ;
3 JH stops all losses : in 24 hours, ; cures j
bE9 Edf! Emissions, Impotency, Varlcocele,
RTfl K»MI Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures, j
U^. \Ki!i Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
■BH_^^h tects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent i
» i.n -*yi sealed, $2 bottle; 3 bottles, $5; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN- !
STITUTE, : 855 . Broadway, Oakland, Cat. Also i
for sale at 1073% Market St., S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
WONG WOO,
F^Si CHINESE TEA AND HERB
' fel> 9 ■! .': SANITARIUM,*
■jE^fflit- 76J-66 CLAY ST., San Fr»Bcisoo,C»l .
'— n^^^S^^WW All diseases c 1 exclusive-
W?iZnPim& ly by Chinese .erbs, over 3000
"S&wfiMSm^ varieties ' being used. ; ADVICE
FREE. Hours. 9:30 to 11 a. m.. 1 to 3 and 7 to
9p. m. ■ •• • .•;. -■..-..■ . ;■.; :
Weak Men and Women :
SHOULD USE D AMI AN A BITTERS, THE I
great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to the sexual organs. - k .
m^*i&HF\'y£^nWfriX rrwtrT LTWral 1 I fc. i*n.* I k. Wm*v - 1 *^n
AMTJSEMENTS. -: -■
iiosco'sMili
\ Waltkr Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manages.
POPULAR PRICES r Telephone Green 861
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, I Oc.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY"
Elaborate Revival- of the Sterling Melodrama,
THE LAND LIVING
The Great London ' Adelphia ■ Theater 'Success.
SPECIALLY ENGAGED
The Charming Actress, ?.„:..
MISS GERTRUDE FOSTER. ;
Also ISIS MAYNARD and LITTLE ' ROSE
.;.; .BENNETT. :. ./;■:■*■,. -. ; ;
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSa
Mrs. Ernestine ; Kreling, Proprietor and Manager. ;
. .... THE ' GRAND OPERA SEASON. ..• ■ . .
TO-NIGHT, also Thursday and Sunday Even-
- . ings, Special > Saturday , Matinee, «*> , . K >
' "LA TRAY/I
! . Anna i Llchter ias *; Vloletta. ' :
To-morrow,; Friday "and • Saturday ; Evenings,
■ ■>■<-> ■■:'.-- V .:: "CARMEN." ■.■':.-,■ -■.-■;
f NEXT WEEK— Monday, ' Thursday, Saturday
and -. Sunday Evenings, - First Times .' in ■ This
City. Goldmark's Biblical Work, "THE QUEEN
OF : SHEB A.' ! ,-- • Tuesday. Wednesday, t Friday
Evenings, Special ■ Saturday Matinee, ■ "MAR-
THA." ; Popular, Prices— 2oc and 50c. N. B.— A
Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 25c. N. B.— Our
Telephone, 1 < Bush ;9. ■ - ; ■ •
AMUSEMENTS. '
BALDWIN THEATER.
EVERY EVENING, EXCEPT SUNDAY.
Matinee Saturday. Limited Engagement.
MODJESKA,
Supported by a Thoroughly Competent Company
of Legitimate Players. Repertoire— First Week:
TO-NIGHT, "MAODA"; Wednesday and Sat-
urday Evenings, "MACBETH"; Thursday,
"MARY STUART" ; Friday, "CAMILLE";
Saturday Matinee. "AS YOU LIKE IT." Next
Week— "ANTONY AND CLEOPATRA." Com-
ing— "AN ENEMY TO THE KING."
COLUMBIA THEATER. *
THE SAME OLD STORY! HAVT'Q
CROWDS COME AGAIN! IIV I I
A MILK WHITE FLAG.
i With ' Its "Wave of Prosperity— Catchy Music—
, Timely Comedy— Pretty Girls— Hand-
some Costumes.
THIS WEEK ONLY. . .
Next Monday NANCE O'NEIL.
Corner Eddy and Jones Streets.
WEEK COMMENCING SEPTEMBER 12.
A Complete and Perfect Ensemble.
MR. AND MRS. SIDNEY DREW.
DEL PUENTE.
CORINNE.
THE THREE ROSSIS.
THE HARPERS.
JOHN BYRNE.
POWERS & HYDE.
EDITH HALL as "GEISHA."
POWERS & HYDE and Twenty Others In ft
Grand Cake Walk.
Popular Prices— Reserved Seats, 25c and 50c;
Box Seats, 50c. Matinee Saturday and Sunday.
Any Seat, '2so; Children, 10c.
Sept. 19.— The marvelous AUSTINS, FASSI.
McBRIDE & DALLON.
ANOTHER GREAT HIT.
BESSIE BONEHILL, Character Artist.
HINES & REMINGTON in "The Road-
Queen." ■ .
FELIX MORRIS AND COMPANY in His
Greatest Part. "The Old Musician."
THE SEVEN TOW-ZOON-IN ARABS, the
Whirlwinds of the Desert. •*.-•
IRENE FRANKLIN, Singing Comedienne.
THE PASQUALIS AND SIGNOR ABRAM-
OFF in the Prison Scene from "Faust. "
ED M. FAVOR AND EDITH SINCLAIR.
New Act. ■■ "Cupid in the Park."
CHARLES BARON and His Lion Imitators.
THE BIOGRAPH. - Wonderful New Views.
Reserved: Seats. 25c; Balcony, 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 80c. ...
Matinees Wednesday, Saturday and Sunday. !
AT 17 A 7 A D Seats by Phone.
r\.\-^\Jt\L^r\.t\ MAIN 254.
A HOWLING SUCCESS.
EVERY NIGHT THIS WEEK. .
At 8:15, Charles S. Fawcett's Laughable Farce,
Entitled ■/ ■
'
"A TRAGEDW
At 9:45, Powers' Chinese Play,
"THE FIRST BORN I"
. COMEDY > THEATER.
k/-'";' EVERY EVENING.
THE ' PACHECO COMEDY COMPANY
jgßaSsiFhln a Humorous Satire,
, "U/OMAN'S WIT," :■
\By Mrs. Romualdo Pacheco. Only Matinee Sat-
urday. Prices— Evening, 15. 25, 35, 60 and 75
cents; Matinee, 25, 35 and 50 cents. Seats Two
Weeks ,in Advance, Comedy Theater and '.s 710
Market ; street. Next Monday— Wilder*s Wives.
Coming— Harry Corson Clarke In : "What Hap-
pened, to Jones." . . . .
CHUTES AND ZOO.
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
GREAT BILL IN THE FREE THEATER,
I ORO, CLIFFORD and ORO: EMIL CHEV-
RIAL; COTTON and MOLL ; MAE TUNISON
and EUSTAPIA.
Last Week of the "American ANNA HELD!"
; '•■ SEE THE . BIG BULL FIGHT! -
Rare "ANIMALS and REPTILES in the ZOO!
10c, .including Zoo and Theater: Children, sc.
TO-NIGHT!
GRAND BALL, RECEPTION AND IRISH
DANCING EXHIBITION..
MECHANICS' PAVILION.
Concluding the Great ■ Irish Fair Held :by ' th«
Celtic Union. iJS*OXBGBm
COGGIN'S GOLDEN GATE PARK BAND.
r- Great Programme. : Tickets, $1, Including Hat *:
.Rack Privileges. Ladies With Escort, Free. ,
SUTROJ3ATHS.
; OPEN NIGHTS.
■ Open Daily from 7 a. m. until 11 p. m.
ADMISSION 10c - - - - CHILDREN 3c -
.Bathing, with admission, 25c; children. 20a.~J;~~:
AT VMD? * Eddy, . cor. »Mason— GREAT NEW
I Jill A BILL- OF STAR ARTISTS. . CO.V-
UN RIDER,. Comedy Acrobats MARTIN' -
WONDERFUL DOGS; MADELINE; TRIXE-
IX); ROC iWELL, and others. Admission free.
, Matinee : Sunday, v■;
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver a fraction lower.
Wheat futures steadier.
Barley and Oats unchanged.
White Corn lower.
Another dose of Hay.
Beans and Seeds dull.
Potatoes and Vegetables plentiful.
Ekss advanced again.
Butter firm; Cheese steady.
Four cars of Eastern Poultry here.
Fresh fruits about the same.
I -ni'ins and Limes doing better.
Dried fruits show more Inquiry.
Hides rather steudler.
Mt-.it market unchanged.
AMERICAN AND FOREIGN SHIT"_
A bulletin Issued by the Bureau of Statistics
of the Treasury Department says that the total
foreign commerce of the United States during
the fiscal year ended June 30 last was valued
at $1,847,. r ,32.954, of which $616,050,654 represents
Imports and $1,231.4*2,330 represents exports of
domestic and foreign products. Of the fore
going, a total of $73,283,704 of Imports and ex
ports were brought into or taken from the
United States by land vehicles and not by
Era: *-he balance, amounting to a total of 11.
743,821,496, was carried in vessels. Of the
foregoing, last n^meU, American ships car
ried Just 16 per cent of the Imports, and 5.9
per cent of the exports, or a total of 9.25 per
cent of the entire foreign commerce of the
United States transported by sea, foreign ships
currying the balance. The money value of
the Imports and exports carried by the ves
sels of the United States was $161,328,017. and
of that carried in foreign ships $1,582,493,479.
WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Merld'.an-Paclflc Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Sept. ». 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures wer«
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 6!*; Fresno. 106; Loe Angelee, 98; Red
Bluff. 96; San Luis Oblspo, 86; San Diego. 88;
Bacramento. 98; Independence, 94; Yuma, 104.
San Francisco data— Maximum temperature,
61; minimum, 52; mean, 66.
WEATHEK CONDITIONS AND GENERAL,
FORECAST.
The area of high pressure which has been
central In the Rocky Mountain region for the
past few days has moved eastward and Is now
only visible In Northeastern Arizona. The
pressure Is lowest In the interior of California,
a troughlike depression extending the entire
length of the State.
The tumperature has fallen along the coast of
California, but still remains high in the in
terior. There has been a decided rise In tem
perature over the Rocky Mountain and south
ern plateau regions.
The weather Is partly cloudy In California,
except along the southern coast. It Is clear
in all other districts.
Conditions are becoming somewhat threat
ening in the mountain regiona of Eastern Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. September 13. 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
somewhat threatening In the mountain regiona
In eust portl'in; cooler; brlek west wind.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Tuesday;
cooler: fresh west wind.
Utah— Fair Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday.
San Francisco and vicinity — Partly cloudy
Tuesday; brisk to high west wind.
Special from Mount Tamalpals — Partly
cloudy; wind west, 24 miles; temperature, 78;
maximum, 87. O. H. WILLSON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— There was a con
tinuation of apparently urgent liquidation on
■the Stock Exchange this morning, caused by
covering of short stocks, which speedily wiped |
out the recoveries of Saturday and carried
prices sharply below the lowest level of last
Friday for nearly all standard stocks. But the
pressure of liquidation seemed to be relieved
by noon and there was a disposition to pick I
up stocks quietly and to accord support to !
weak spots, notably St. Paul. The dealing In !
odd lots in some of the standard dividend j
payers also became quite a feature, indicating
a supply of money for Investment, notwith
standing the stiffness of the local call money
market. Weakness In some of the Industrial
specialties caused the market to •ease off again j
before the close, but the last prices of the rail
roads were in many cases at sharp recoveries j
from the lowest. Nevertheless marked net
losses resulted from the day's trading, owing
to the severity of the pressure early Id the !
day. There was continued apprehension over
the outlook for money, but the Government
crop report and the snow storms In the West
were also material factors. The crop report,
though bearish on the corn crop as a whole, I
showed sharp deterioration for Kansas, Ne
braska and lowa. This, coupled with the snow
storms In the corn belt, was very largely In
dicated In the weakness of Rock Island, Bur
lington and Union Pacific. There was no ac
tual development to account for a decline of
apprehension over the money market outlook,
and how far this feeling was connected with a
reported conference of leading. bankers Is not
certain. There was a growth of a conviction
that there is a large available supply of money
at leant outside of New York City. Money
rates are easy at Interior points, and there Is
even buying of commercial paper In the New
York market by Western banks. It Is quite
possible also that a larger amount of the new
Government Ss might be made available both
for purposes of circulation and as security for
Government deposits in the banks than has
yet been the case ' In the event of any real
stringency or money. Nevertheless the drain
of cash from the banks to the sub-treasury on
account of subscriptions to the loan continues,
and the sub-treasury was even a creditor, at
the clearing house to-day on account of an I
accumulation of drafts from Interior depository
banks in which Government deposits have ex
ceeded their security by reason of heavy In
ternal revenue collections. There were rumors
all day of engagements of gold for Import, but
none of these were confirmed. The easier tone
of the money market and the consequent recov
ery In the stock market were apparently duo
to other causes. The large foreign demand for
wheat a/id the evidence of underlying strength
in the wheat market In face of the bearish I
Government crop report had some influence In
the stock market. The bond market was dull
and showed some weakness In sympathy with
stocks. Total sales. 11,670.000.
United Slates 2s advanced % and the old 4a
registered % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 379 800
shares. including: Atchlson preferred 11900-
Burlington. 16.405; Louisville and Nashville'
6492; Manhattan, 11,385; Metropolitan 12 3G2 :
Missouri Pacific, 3032. New York Central 31G3 :
Northern Pacific, , 13,670; Northern Pacific pre
ferred, 4400; Rock Island. 10.830; Union Pacific
12.105; St. Paul. 41.316; Southern preferred 4556
1 nlon Pacific preferred. 16.486; Minnesota Iron'
3030; Cotton Oil, 3200; Tobacco. 06,665- Chicago
Great Western, 3900; People Gas, 18 075-
Sugar, 23.844; Tennessee Coal and Iron 4065 :
Leather preferred, 4321; Rubber. S66S
CLOSING STOCKS. .
Atchison 13% So Pacific . . *i«
Do prefd . 34%, 50 Railway 9
Baltimore & Ohio 4114 Do prefa ' 33V
Canada Pacific .. f<6 Texas A Pacific" ' 13&
Canada Southern. 62% Union Pacific " * isvt
Central Pacific .. 21 Do prefd ...;"'" «£
Ches & Ohio 22% U & 0 6U
Chi & Alton 100 Wabash .... •"•** Si?
Chi B& Q. 114 Do prefd-" 20V
Chi & E 111 • 53 Wheel &LB • «
CCC& St L 141 Do prefd .7..'" 141Z
Do prefd 85 ; Express Companies
. Del & Hudson... 106% Adams Ex no
Del L & W 151 American Ex'".:" 130
Den & R G 15% United States '." 40
Do prefd 6414 go ' 120
Erie (new) 13% Miscellaneous—"
Do Ist prefd.... ».. .« ' Cot Oil .... SiM
Fort Wayne 172 Do prefd .....' 86
Gt Nor prefd 133% Amn Spirits ' i?u
locking Valley .. 5% Do preid . 36
Illinois Central .. 112 Am Tobacco " " uiu.
Lake Erie & W.. 17% Do prefd .• 125
Do prefd 73% People's Gas""" 10314
Lake Shore . 192% Cons Gas .. ]* 184
Louis & Nash.... 667» Com Co " ' 170
Manhattan L .... »6% Col F & Iron"' 2iu
Met St Ry 166% Do prefd ...'.'.'" 80
Mich Central ....106 Gen Electric 43*1
Minn & St L 26% Illinois Steel . ' " 68U
Do Ist prefd 88 Laclede Gas . " 4s*?
Mo Pacific 32% Lead " 34U
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Do prefd .... " inou
Mo X & t 11\ Nat Lin Oil..::;: I*
Do prefd 33% Haw Com C 0..... 27%.
Chi Ind & L. S% Pacific Mall ...... 32%
Do rvrofd SO Pullman Palace... 188%
N J Central ....... 89% diiver Certificates 60>£
NY Central ,116% Stand R & T 7U
NY Chi &St L.. 13 Sugar . 13 6 2
Do let prefd.... 65. Do prefd . . . 11474
Do 2d prefd.... 33 TC & Iron " 211!
Nor West .. 14% US Leather ..... 7%
No Amer Co 6% Do pre M.. .... ! 6SV6
No Pacific ........ 37% I T S Rubber...... "41%
Do prefd 76% Do prefd ........ 102%
Ontario & W 15% West Union ...... ail
Or R & Nay...... 56% C & N W i»\u
Or Short Line 34 Do prefd .. m
Pittsburg ......... 169 St L& 8 W. ...'... 6
Reading :.:.'...... 18 ;Do prefd 11«
Do prefd ........ 43 RG W 27
Rock Island ..... 102 Do prefd ........ 67
St Louis & S F... 8% Int Paper C 0...... 67U
Do Ist prefd.'... 64% Do prefd ........ SO "
Do 2d prefd.:.'.' 31% Pac C Ist prefd.. 86
'St Paul ..109- Do 2d prefd.... 67%
Do prefd 156% Chi G W.... ...... 14%
St P & 0m. .:..... 80% Minn Iron :....... .95%
Do prefd V..V168« Brooklyn R T....: 69%
St PM & M.:.... 164 C & E 111 prefd.. 107%
CLOSING BONDS.
, US new 4e reg.. 127% N Carolina 65....... 126
U-S 35............. 105% Do 4s 103
Do coup ..:. 127% No Pac 15t5....... 113 -
U S-45.: .'..;.'110% Do 3s ........... 66%
1 Do coup ........ 111% Do 4s ...-....:... 101 .
Do 2ds .......... 99 MYC& St L 4b. 107
U S 6s reg........ 112% S'or & W:6»...... 123
Do flu c0up:....-. 112% N'orthwstrn cons. 141
District 3.65s .;.;. 116% Do deb to.. ,119%
Ala class A : 108 Or -Nav 15t5.....: 114%-
Do B .......".... 105 Do 4? ............ 99%
Do C - ..;'....T.;: 100 > S Line tr.... 127%
Do Currency ... 100^ O R Line Ss tr.... 106 - ■'.
Atchlson 4s ....... 94?t Do' 5s tr..:.:'.;. 82%
Do adj 45:....... 71% Pacific 6s of 9G... 102%
Can So 2d5.. ....... 107%- Beading 1 4s ....... 82%
2 & Ohio r.5......7 li.. • ROW 15t5.:..... 80 .
C H & D 4%s 104% 3t L & I M C 6«. 99
N J-C 65.;........; 113% 5t L. & 8 F O 6«. 110
D& R O lsU 11l 5t P Con 151
D 4 R G 4s 96% -it P C & P lsts. 110
East Term lsts... 105 ft Do 6s 11T
Erie Gen 4a 71* So Railway 55.... »T
F W & D lets tr. 74%k Stand R & T 6s. 78
Gen Elec 6s 107 Term new set 35.. 92%
Q H & S A 65.... 105 Tex PL G lsts... 106
Do 2ds 105 Do Rg 2ds 44%
H & TC 5s 11l Union Pac 4s 98%
Do con 6s 108 PPD & G lsts... 75%
lowa C lsts 104 Wab Ist 6e 112
I a new cons 4e.. 103 Do 2ds 88
L 4 N Unl 45.... 88% W Shore 4s 109
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries 76%
MX & T 2ds 63Vi Do deferred .... 7%
Do 4s 89 Wls Cent lsts 58%
N V Central lsts. 1164
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15! Ontario 3 60
Crown Point 12'Ophlr 20
Con Cal & Va.... 66 Plymouth 12
Deadwood 26 Quicksilver I*s
Gould & Curry... 12 Do profd 350
Hale & NorcrOßS. 70 Sierra Nevada ... 65
Homestake 45 00 Standard 160
Imn Silver 65|Union Con 18
Mexican 10 ' Yellow Jacket 15
BOSTON 'STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— Do prefd 105%
Call loans 2%@3% Wefttinghouae El. 30 "4
Tune loans 3%@4% Do, prefd 67
Stocks— Ed El Ttel 118
ATA SF 13 Gen Elec prefd... 8
Amer Sugar 136H Atrhlson prefd .. 34%
Do prefd 115 Bonds-
Bay State Gas...l 9-16 Atchtson 2s 93
Bell Telephone... 279% Mining- Shares-
Boston & Albany. 23S Allouez Mln C 0... 3
Boston 4 Maine.. 162 Atlantic 26%
Boston L 88% Boston * Mont.. 223
Chi B & 0 113% Butte & Boston.. 23%
Fitrhburg 105 Cafumet & Hecla. 680
Gen Electric 4314 Centennial 174
Illinois Steel 90 Franklin 13
Mexican Central.. 6 Old Dominion ... 28
N V & New Eng. 98 Oseeola 64%
Old Colony 192 Qulncy 117
Or Short Line 84 Tamarack 178
Rubber 41 Wolverine 28
Union Pacific 2?% Parrott 23%
West End 86%
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were generally dull to-day on the
Austrian news, on the report of French occu
pation of Fashoda and on a telegram stating
that the Chilean Government has called out
6000 men of the National Guard. The collapse
of Argentine stork* was particularly marked.
Consols were also slow. Americans opened flat,
turned weaker on selling here and closed at
about the lowest on the continuance of New
York. Later business wu assisted by heavy
purchases by Paris and the Cape. Gold was
In very strong demand at 77s l%d. New York
i* buying largely in Paris and It Is believed
that gold may be withdrawn from the Bank of
England to-morrow for shipment to New York,
but nothing is known definitely.
Canadian Pacific, Mtfc; Grand Trunk, 7%; bar
silver steady, 27 15-16 d; money, % per cent.
Spanish 4 s closed at 41%.
PARIS, Sept. 12.— Spanish 4 f s closed at 41.67%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Bept. 12.— FLOUR— Receipts.
32,400 bbls: exports. 37,168 bbls; quiet and firm
for new spring patents and choice old winter
wheat grades.
WHEAT— Receipts. 300,625 bush: exports. 148.
685 bush. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. 70% c f.o.b.
afloat, to arrive. Options suffered early weak
ness and declined through lower cables and
big spring wheat receipts. A later hardening
of Northwest cash markets with firmer . late
French cables and export demand brought a
recovery, followed by a slight ■ clewing set
back under realizing. . Closed %®lc net higher.
No 2 red spot closed 6S%c; December, 61 11-16'g'
63%; closed, 63% c.
f HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Dull. . 3 -; ■
— Options closed oulet, 6 points lower i
to 5 points higher. Sale«. X) bags. Including
September, *5 35@5 40; October, 15 46. tipot
Coffee— Quiet; No. 7 Inactive, 6%c; No. 7 Job
bing 6%.
SUGAR— Raw— Strong, tending upward; fair
refining, 3 13-16@3%c; centrifugal, . M test,
4%c. Refined— Strong. ■ ■ . ■ • ■ •• . • ..'
METALS— The week In the metal market
started off with Interest lagging and prices
sagging. Demand to-day was of a hand-to
mouth character, with holders " showing
a disposition to grant concessions. News
from abroad failed to cut much of a figure, as
Influence reflecting much the same conditions
at London prevailed here. At the close the
Metal Exchange called:
- PIGIRON— quiet with $6 80 bkl anif
S6 9C .asked.
COPPER— Quiet with $12 25 bid and $12 35
asked. ■ • .
TlN— Quiet with SIC 10 bid and $lt 17% asked.
LEAD— Quiet and easy with $4 bid and $4 02%
asked.
SPELTER— with «4 75 bid and $4 80
asked; ***. . ■•-■
BUTTER— Receipts, 7762 packages. Firm;
Western creameries, 14%@20c; Elglns, l»c; fac
tory, 11%®14c. ..
EGGS— Receipts, 9187 packages. Firm; West
ern, 16% c.
DRIED FRUIT. '•
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— California dried fruits
quiet. " • *•■--■
EVAPORATED APPLES.— Common, 6@Bc;
prime wire tray, So; choice, 8%.c; fancy,
9%@10C.
PRUNES— 4@Bc . ' •.• ' •
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@12c; Moorpark. 12(gil4c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled.7@9c; peeled, 12®150.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Sept. 12.— Lower Liverpool cables,
big receipts In the Northwest and the Increase
In the world's visible supply jind the Increase
of the shipments from Russia, which seemed
to discredit the reported crop disaster In that
country, started wheat a trifle lower. The corn
market was also weak and had a depressing
Influence on wheat. Trade was dull and longa
liquidated freely from the start, with a good
sprinkling of selling orders from the outside.
Later, however. It was found that the North
west markets were holding Btrong and higher
in spite of big receipts there, and that both
cash and futures were advancing. That, to
gether with light speculative offerings here,
alarmed the early sellers and there was some
heavy covering for a time, which turn«l prices
upward. The statistical news was very bull
ish and was largely Instrumental In keeping
the price on the advance as it came to the
knowledge of the traders. The close was %c
higher for September and December rose %®
Warm weather, large receipts and an Increase
in the visible supply weakened corn. The Gov
ernment report waa also a disappointment to
the bulls. The pit sentiment was very bearish
and there were few buyers on hand to take the
offerings. The close was %c lower on the day
Oats held firm under a good demand for Sep
tember from shippers. Trade waa quite active
May gained %c.
Provisions were firm on an extensive de
mand, together with heavy buying of lard and
ribs. The range was very narrow and the
close unchanged.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. J—
September 62% 64% 82% «3H
December 61 62 60% 61%
May 63% C 4% «2% 63%
Corn No. J—
September K% 80 29% 80
December 29% 30 29% 30
May 32% 82% 81% 32%
Oats No. 2—2 —
September 19% 20% 18% 20%.
December 19% 20 19% 19%
May 21% 21 21% 22
Mess Pork, per barrel-
October 846 8 62% 8 42% 845
December 860 8 62% 860 855
January 9SO 9 87% 930 980
Lard, per 100 pounds —
October 485 4 92% 485 4 87%
December 490 4 87% 4 87% 4 92%
January 4 97% 606 4 97% 600
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
September S 30 5 86 6 80 6 30
October 625 6 82% 615 6 27%
January 4 76 4 80 4 75 4 77%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring Wheat, 61%o; No.
3 spring Wheat, 69@63%c; No. 2 red, 65% c: No.
2 Corn, 30%®30%c; No. 2 Oats. 20% c; No. 2
white. 23%@24c; No. 8 whltf. 22%©23% c; No. 2
Rye. 44% c; No. 2 Barley. 3T@43c; No. 1 Flax
seed, 90% c; Prime Timothy Seed, $2 60; Mess
Pork, per barrel. $8 60@8 65; Lard, per 100
pounds, $4 87%igi4 90; Short Rib Bldes, loose,
$5 Isffs 40; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4%@
4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed. $5 Ss@s 65
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 9.900 10.400
Wheat, bushels 141.000 in 700
Corn, bushels 878,300 602900
Oats, bushels 535,300 835 600
Rye bushels 7.500 27,700
Barley, bushels 118,700 11,900
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
..market was steady; creameries, 13@18c- dairies
"HV4@lsc. Eggs, steady; fresh, ll@l2^c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
R ecelptß. Shipments.
Cltl#»— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 609.760 60 OCO
Duluth 487.287 426477
Milwaukee 43,800 26 000
Chicago 141.080 177744
Toledo 49.921 S^OOO
St. Louis 64,000 66000
Detroit 27,362 5%9
Kansas City 166,500 130,000
Totals 1,589,680 885 250
Tidewater—
Boston 61.374
New York 800.825 148686
Philadelphia 28.086 CO9M
Baltimore
New Orleans .....*
Oalreaton
TotaU
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Sept. Dec
Opening C( 5 2?i
Closing 8 6% 6 2%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Bept. Nov.-Dec.
Ojienlng 48 25 45 06
Closing 48 30 45 10
Wheat-
Opening Jl IS ix 06
Closing 2130 ... 31 10
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Sept. 12.— Consols, 109 15-16; Silver,
27 16-16 d; French Rentes, 103f 12% c.
Wheat cargoes oft coast, near positions
offered; cargoes on passage, buyers Indifferent
operators; English country markets, some
hlcher, some lower; Wheat Imports Into United
Kingdom, 230.001 bushels; Flour Imports into
United Kingdom, 194,000 barrels; Wheat and
Flour on passage to United Kingdom, 1,180,000
bushelß; Wheat and Flour on passage to Conti
, nf-n:, 750,000 bushels; Indian shipments of
Wheat to United Kingdom, 4000 bushels; In
dian shipments of Wheat to Continent, none.
LIVERPOOL, Sept. 12.— Wheat, dull; Wheat
in Paris, firm; Flour in Paris, firm; French
country markets, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-32 d.
WHEAT— Futures closed steady; September,
5s S%&; December and March, 5s 2%d. Spot
Wheat— No. 2 red Western winter, dull, 5s sd;
No. 1 red Northern spring, dull, 6s BV4d.
CORN— Spot American mixed new, dull, 3s Id;
September, steady, 3s \d; October, steady,
i 3s l%d; December. 3s 2%d.
i Imports of Wheat into Liverpool during the
! past week: From Atlantic ports, 54,500 quar
ters; from Pacific portß, none; from other ports,
30,000 quarters.
Imports of American Corn from Atlantic ports
during the week., 86,000 quarters.
VISIBLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Sept. 32.— The statement of the
visible supply of grain in store and afloat Sat
urday, September 10, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, Is as follows:
Bushels. Increase. Decrease.
Wheat 8.847.000 1,260.000
Corn 17,360.00>) 606,000
Oats 4,277,000 38,000
Hye 698,000 60,900
Barley 435.000 188,000
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
BOSTON, Sept. 12. The Earl Fruit Company
realized the following prices for California
fruit sold at auction to-day: Grapes— Tokays.
$1 59. Pears— Bartlett 66c to $2; average $1 53.
Peaches— Sal way, 65c to $1 06, average 96c;
Strawberry Cling, 7Gc; Georgia, late, 76c.
Plume— Beurre Hardy, |1 2S. Prunes— Gros,
$1 to, $1 15, average $1 01; German, $1; Sliver.
85c to $1 26, average $1 02. Nine cars sold.
Weather cool.
MONTREAL, Sept. 12.-The Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned Caltfoujiu. fruit to-day with
the following results. Pears— Bartlett. aver
age. $2 69; few, soft, $1 3». Pirns— Kelsey Japan,
fl 66; box, average, $1 19. Peaches— Georgia
Late, 86c to }1 15, average $1; Sal way, $1 09;
Strawberry Cling, $1 18; Heath Cling, $1 05,-
Late Crawford, $1 25; Freestones, 97c; Smock
Free. 86c. Prunes— Gros, $1 06. Two cars sold.
NEW YORK, Sept. 12.— Porter Bros. Com
pany sold California fruit to-day as follows:
Pears— Bartlett, $2 93®3 10 per box: Beaurre
Hardy. 11 oV'J'l 65 per box and 80c per half box.
Nectarines— Late, $2 65 per single crate.
Prunes— Gros, 90c«?$l 95 per single crate; Fll
ver, BPc<gsl 15; German. 6R®9se. Plums— Kelsey
Japans. 55c®$l 80 per single crate; Egg. Sue® 1
$1 25; QuackenbUFh, SIQI 15; other varieties,
45985 c. Grapes— Tokays, $1 JBi&l 65 per single
crate, fine assorted. $1 20Q1 35; W. Cornlchons,
Wcfm t(>; Malvoise, $1 15. Peaches— Salways,
50o<g$l 16 per box; Freestone. 56c@$l 10; Lemon
Clings. 80c® $1 05; Clings, 70@S5c. Twenty-two
cars were sold.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— Porter Bros. Company
sold California fruit t->-day as follows:
Pears— Bartletts, $1 66(<i2 35 per box and 70c
per half box. Grapes— Tokays, 75c(g$l 40 per
single crate; Muscats, 6&c®sl 06. Prunes— Gros,
90c per single crate. Nectarines. 90c per single
crate. Peaches— Plquetfs Lutes. 70c per box.
Eight cars were Bold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Sept. 12.— CATTLE— Trade In cat
tle to-day was quite animated In desirable
offerings and cattle that were choice enough
to bring over $5 were stronger to a shade
higher, while others ruled steady. Choice steer«,
$6 15@6 70; medium, $4 50^5 10; beef steers,
S3 Ss@4 40; stockers and feeders, $3<®4 60; bulls,
$2 25®4 25; cows and heifers, S3 60^4 25; calves,
$4 Whg7 50; Western rangers. 12 KO4 50; fed
Western steers, $4 lO^; Texans, $3 25@4.
HOGS — There was an excellent demand for
pigs from packers and Eastern shippers. As
the supply was far from large prices were
stronger and averaged a nickel higher. Fair
to choice. $3 56@4 06; butchers'. S3 60@4 06;
mixed, $3 70@4 OS; light, $3 66@4 07%-; pigs, $2 90
<&n& n 95.
tsHEEP — The large supply of sheep caused a
weak market and they moved off slowly.
Choice lambs $5 75iSJ6 15; Inferior. $3 15<§4;
Western range lamtxt, $5 25; native sheep, $2 80
©4 60; Western rengers, $3 50® 4 40; feeders,
H 50.
Receipts— Cattle, 17,000; hogs, 27,000; sheep,
20.000.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CTTY, Sept. 12.— CATTLE— Receipts,
5600. Market about steady; native steers. S3 75
<g5 40; cows and heifers, $2 2f.<3>4 80; stockers
and feeders. S2 60@4 75; bulls. S2 So@3 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 2000. Market 6trong to 6c
higher. Bulk of sales, S3 70<g>S 80: heavies.
S3 70@3 85; packers. S3 6Cf 3 80: mixed, S3 60©
Z 774; lights. S3 65^3 70; pigs. S3 iSffi 65.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4000. Market firm. Lambg.
S3 70@5 25; muttons, S3<3>4 35.
DENVER.
DENVER, Sept. 12.— CATTLE — R*celpts,
1600. Market weak to a shade lower. Beef
steers. S3 50^6 06; cows, S2 6CNg>S 60; feeders,
freight paid to river, S3 70®4 10; stockers do,
S3 ?#4 20; bulls, stags, etc., S2@3.
HOGS— Receipt*. 800. Firm; light packers,
S3 70@3 75; mixed. S3 68®3 70; heavy. S3 «o®3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1600. Market firm; good
fat muttons, K%* 25; lambs, S4 25@6 40.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. Sept. 12— CATTLE— Receipts. 4600;
steady to Btronger; natives. S4 SOfg'S; cows,
52 26(g3 66; stockers, »4@4 25; Westerns, S3 25®
4 40.
HOGS— Receipts, 1600; shipments, none. Ten
cents higher; range, S3 72® & 80. Bulk of sales,
53 75(93 80.
SHEEP— Receipts. 18.000; shipments, 9000.
Weak and 10c lower; sales, SI 25@4.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Sept. 12. — Exchanges.
5328.200; balances, $55,814.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET. ,
PORTLAND, Sept. 12. — WHEAT — Walla
Walla. 57@58c; valley and bluestem, 600.
Receipts to-day were 150 cars and a freer
selling movement Is reported In the Interior.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Sept. 12.— WHEAT— Weaker and
lower In sympathy with Eastern markets.
Club, 64c; blue stem, 59c.
LOCAL MARKET&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION. ■ "•
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — ' $4 84
Sterling Exchange.' sight .......... — ■" -4 86
Sterling Cables ......— 4 86%
New York Exchange, 5ight. ....... .x — • 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic- — JO
Fine Silver, per ounce ........—: : 60%
Mexican Dollars .......„....'........ 46 464
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Futures ■ continued , to Improve, but
the spot * market was unchanged. , ' Business
was dull all around. ■■.; . ;,"•.:•:--;
Spot Shipping, $1 1001 12%; mining,
$117%®122%. "■ -
CALL BOARD SALES. •
Informal Session— : o'clock— December —
4000 ctls, $1 14%; 14.000, $1 14%.
Second Session— December-«66,000 ctls, - $115:
J4.000, $1 14% ; 36,000, ;$1 .15%. \ : ■; \. :
Regular Forenoon •-.. ■. Session— December—
ctls, $1 15; 2000, $1 16% ; 4000. $1 16%.
Afternoon Session— Bales. ? . :
BARLEY— market showed no noteworth>
change one way or the other. ' Business was
dull. .'-- .... ••"« •-•
Feed. $1 1501 17%: Brewing, nominal. - -
\ CALL ; BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— o'clock— December. 2000
ctls. $1 16%. ' ' . .
Second Session— No Bales.
Regular Forenoon Session— No sales. '
Afternoon Session— 4ooo ctls. 11 17
4000, 17%. : ; .. * '
OATS— Of the heavy receipts of . 10.690 ctls
over half were seed Oats, and consequently did
not affect the local consumptive demand. The
market wan weak all the same, though Fancy
Feed, $1 20@l 22» per ctl; good to' choice, $1 20%
01 20; common, $1 07%@l 10: Surprise, nominal-
Gray, $1 1001 16: milling, . $1 15@»1 20 per ctl '
CORN— The only change was a decline -In
white. • Offerings ; [ are •• small and the ■ market
is stagnant. Small-round yellow, $1 25; Eastern
large yellow, $1 07%; white, $1 12%; mixed II 06
©1 07% per ctl. ' * .TO
RYE— »1 16fl 17% per ctL
I BUCKWHEAT— SI 7&<S>l 85 per I ctL
1 FLOUR AND MILL6TUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 16@4 26; baker*'
extras. $4(0)4 15 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal, 32 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. S3 25; Oatmeal, $4 26; Oat Groats
$4 60; Hominy, $3 25@3 60; Buckwheat Flour. 14
®4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina. $4 50-
Whole Wheat Flour, $3 60; Rolled Oats (bar
rels). $5 s.vn6 25; In sacks, $.' 65@S 05; Pearl Bar
ley, $5; Split Peas, U 25; Green Peas, M 50 per
100 lbs.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another dose of Hay came In yesterday, the
amount being 1631 tois, of which 180 tons was
from outside points. The market was soft,
anJ the steadiness that characterized last
week was nowhere In sight. Choice Wheat '
Hay continued firm, but good wheat was in
large supply and lower.
BRAN— $15@16 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-slß(ji2o per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $2B per ton-
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31(931 50- jobbing,
$32*532 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cottonseed
Meal, $2S#3O per ton; Cornmeal, $23@23 DO;
Cracked Corn. $24@24 DO.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $13 Bo®l6 50 for
food to choice, and $1!@13 for lower grades; no
ancy coming In; Wheat and Oat, $13@15; Oat
$12 50«f'13 50; Barley. ; Island Barley, I1KS12;
Alfalfa. $11 50@12 50; Stock, $10; Clover, nomi
nal.
OUTSIDE HAY— CFrom Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Wheat. $12©13 60; Oat. $11312 SO; Cheat. $1O®12;
Timothy, $10@12 60; Alfalfa, $10®ll per ton.
STRAW— SO&SOC per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
The market for all kinds under this head
continues dull and unchanged.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 2i><&2 40; Small Whites,
$1 90®2 10; Large Whites, $1 75@1 90; Pinks,
$2 25®2 35; Reds, nominal; Blackeye, $3 15®
S 26; Butters, nominal; Lima?, $3<g>3 15; Pea,
$1 So(g2 05; Red Kidneys, $2 50^2 75 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 25@4 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. $4@4 12.*, Flax, nominal. $2®
2 10; Canary Seed, 2%<&2%c per It>; Alfalfa,
from Utah, 6c; Rape, 2V4@3%c; Hemp, 2\<S3c;
Timothy, 5@5%c.
DRIED PEAS— NUes $1 75@1 90; Green, $2 25
per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Everything stood about the same as at the
close of last week. There was no scarcity
in any description.
POTATOES— 4O@SOc In sacks for Early Rose
and 4nr y so f n sa nks and 60c!oil !n boxes for
Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks. 75c@$l IS; Sweet
Potatoes, I(jj2c per lb.
ONIONS— f>U@*sc per ctl for yellow. Pickle
Onion*, 75c© $1 per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 6@6c; String
Beans, I%<Ji3c; Lima Beans, 2ff3c; Bay
Squash, IMttte; Green Peppers, 2'><g<4oc for
Chile and 254? 40c for Bell: Cabbage. 50c per
ctl; Carrots. 10950 c per sack; Bay Cucumbers,
2,"><i7>300 ; Pickles, " $1 r,o®l 65 for No. 1 and T6c®*l
for No. 2; River Tomatoes, 30-SGOc: Bay Toma
toes, 4Os'6Tic: Green Corn, 75c@$l per sn<-k
for Vacavllle. $I^l 50 per crate for Alameda,
66)9860 for Berkeley; Garlic, 2&2% c per lb;
Green Okra, 40^G5c; Dried Okra, B@loc per lb;
Ee*,- Plant, 35(6 50c per box; V irrowfat Squash,
ISglO per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per lb In lota of 25 lt>s; sliced
desiccated. lG©18e; granulated, raw 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 26c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 600.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two rare of Eastern came In. and saleß were
made at 16c for Turkeys, $3 60 for Ducks, $1 60
for Geese, $6 50 for Hens, $7 50 for young Roos
ters, $5 for old Roosters and Fryers and $4 for
Broilers. Two more cars will be offered to-
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 16@17c for Gob
blers and is ii 14.- for Hens; Geese, per pair,
)1 25©"] 60; Goslings, $1 60®l 75; Ducks. $3<tf3 SO
for old and $Sfj4 60 for young: Hens. $4 60(35 60;
Roosters, young, $5 fiO@6; Roosters, old, $4 50@5;
Fryers, $4 ioi(s; Broilers, $3 oO^ for large. $2 50
@3 for email- Pigeons, $1 25@1 SO per dozen for
young and $1 25@1 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
Another advance In K&gs la noted. They are
scarce, especially ranch. Butter was In re
duced supply and firm. No changre In Cheese.
BUTTE It-
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 25@26c; seconds,
24c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 21@23c; common
grades, 17UQ2Oc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, lSifJOc: pickled roll,
21©22Vtc; creamery tub, 20@22c.
Eastern Butter — Ladle packed, lC@l«V4c per
lt>; Elgin, 22^22^c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 10@llc; old, BH@
9Hc; Cream Cheddar. 10<tfllc; Young America,
lUV.'TIIMiC: Eastern. 12®13c.
EGGS— Ranch Epps. 25'5'27H(- per dozen; store
Eggs, lofffldc: Eastern, 14@16c for ordinary
and 17Vi«?i9c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Quotations for canning fruit are retting
nominal, as there Is very little coming In, and
the, season Is almost over. Grapes still dray.
Lemons and Limes are firm, and the latter are
higher. Melons stand .about the same. Peaches
In small boxes are weak.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $2 o<V;f 3 50 per chest for large
arid $607 for small.
Flirs. 50fi»>75c for black, double layers.
Cantaloupes, Wi-fiH per crate: Nutmegs, 2513 1
Xc per box; Watermelons, $15<??25 per hundred
for laree and $r>'@)l2 for small to medium.
liuckleberrles, '7@Sc per lb.
Quinces, SOfi'-.'o.
Pomegranates, 7Cc per small box.
Red Nectarines, nominal; hlte Nectarines,
nominal.
White Grapes, 25(^40c per box; Black Orapes,
3<K?4Je; Muscats, KQSOc; Seedless, ; To
kay, 35(in'SOc; crates sell about 10c higher than
boxes; Isabellas, per crate.
Ulackberrles, $334 60 per crate.
Plums, «o«r6oc per crate and 20@50c per box;
In bulk. $15©20 per ton.
PeaeheF, 60086 c per box for good to choice
and Cs'g'4oc for common stock; clings, $20365
per ton: freestones. $2(Kt"4«.
Raspberries, |6<gß per chest.
Apples, Zi<S6oc for common, 76c@$l per box
for NO. 1 an.i II 25 for choice.
Bartlett Pears, $1 2ffl 60 per box and $40^50
per ton for No. 1 and 90c@$l per box and $35
per ton for ripe and Inferior stock.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $l<<Jtl 60 for Va
lencia*, HOI S for St. Michaels. 75C911 for
Mediterranean Sweets and 60@75c for Seedlings:
Lemons, $2f?2 50 for common and $3<^s for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, $6@7; Califor
nia Limes. 76c<5 I sl 60; Bananas, $1 25@2 25 per
bunch; Pineapples, ifui per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NTTTS. RAISINH. ETC.
. The week opened with : a better Inquiry for
some sorts, notably Apples and pitted Plums.
Th« other kinds were steady at previous prices.
DRIED FRUIT— New Prunes, 6H©6c for
40-60's, 6c for 60-60' s, 4%c for 60-70' s, 3%
<3>4c for 70-S<rs. 2Vi@Zy,c for 80-S0 # s. 2V ti3c for
*>-100's and 2K62>*c for 100-110's; • Peaches,
'?i's'B l^c . for choice and ■ 9@loc for fancy;
Apricots, 9@12 for Royals , and 10®13c for
Moorpark: . Evaporated Apples, 7V4@7%c; sun
dried, 4@sc; Black Figs, sacks. 2@2V4c; Plums,
6<g6c for pitted and-l®lV4c for unpltted; Necta
rlnen, 6@7c for prime to fancy: Pears, 7@7^c
for quarters and B@loo for halves..
RAISINS— ; for two-crown, 2«@2%c for
three-crown, . 3(g 3V4c for four-crown, 34j)4c for
Seedless Sultanas, 2V4<S'3c for Seedless ■ Mus
catels and Jl'i 1 16 for London Layers; dried
Grapes, 2c.
NUTS— Walnuts, new. 6c for hardshell. 7c for
•oftshell; Almonds, S(?4c for hardshell, 6@>7c for
■oftshell; BV4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, : 4ijj
5Hc . for Eastern and 4y.c for California; Pe
cans, eHT'So; Filberts, 9M-ii?10c; Brazil Nuts.
B@9c per lb: Cocoannts. $4 50i3'5 per hundred.
HONEY— Comb, 9®loc for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water- white extracted, 5V40
6c; light amber extracted, 4%@6%0 per lb.
BEESWAXj-24@26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Ba<- -n. B%e per lb for
/ieavy, 9c for lignt medium, 10% c for light, lie
for extra light and *2V&@l3c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, lO^tgllc; Califor
| nia Hams, • 9^-^lOc; >"■ Mess . Beef." $10@10 60 per
bbl: extra . Mess - Beef. > $11@)11 50 : Family Beef,
$12@12 SO; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear.
$18@18 50; mess, $15 50@16; Smoked Beef. ll@l2o
per lb. 1 . " "
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at He per lb
for compound and 7Uc for pure: palls, 8c; Cali
fornia tierces, Be per lb for compound and 7c
for pure; half barrels. VAc; 10-lb tins. 8c; 6-lb
tins, B^4c. .-•■•■- ;• -■ ■>. ■
COTTOLENE — Tierces, 6«t@6Kc; packages
less than 300 lbs— palls, 60 In a case, 9Hc;
S-lb palls, 20 In a case, S%c; 6-lb pails. 12 in a
case. B%c: 10-lb palls, 6 In a case, B%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, '-We: wooden buckets, 10
lbsnet,:BV4c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
•■- L ■ '■ : ::■-':■' : ■
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
The circular of W. B. Sumner & Co. says:
"To a certain extent there seems to be a
slight Improvement in the Hide trade. Sales
have been made at full values to the tanners,
quite large lots have been shipped to the East
on orders, and to-day there are small stocks
In the market.
"The war created a demand for certain lines
of leather, and In consequence Hides have
been firm. We might add also that Hides at
this season are more desirable on account of
the condition and short hair. The htgh values
for harness leather have created a demand for
the heavier grades of steers at liberal fig
ures an.l it looks as though the present values
will remain for a time at least. For the local
m.irkft w* quote:
"Wet Palted Heavy Steers are In demand for
hampns and skirting.
"Wet Salted Medium and Light Steers are
fairly active.
"Wet Salted Cows sell quite readily.
"Tallow continues fairly active at full prices.
The dry season In California nas lessened the
output of Tallow, and the supplies which are
now coming In the market are hardly suffi
cient for the demand of trade. The better
grades of Tallow are freely bought. Clean,
hard Tallow Is In demand and No. 2 stock
fairly active."
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIU and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
etcers, 10c: medium. 9c; light, BHc; Cow
hides, BVi(g9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Calf
9c; dry Hides sound, 15@15Hc; culls and brands,
12fpl3p; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf, 17@lSc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; Bhort
wool, 30®40c each; medium, 60i@'80c; long wool
90c(T/$l 10 each; Horse hides, salt, $2 25 for
large and $I@l 75 for small; Colts, EOc; Horse
hlfles, dry, Jl 50@l 76 for large and $1 for small
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3»4@3H0 per lb-
No. 2, 2%fa'2%c: refined, 4%t?4\c; Grease, 2c
WOOL— Fall clip. Southern Mountain. 7<{?loc
free Northern, SS'ttc. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain. 12 months', 9@llc: San Joaquin and
Southern, 7 months'. 8i??10c: Foothill and
Northern, free. 12@14c: Foothill and Northern
defective. 10(fM2e; Middle County. 13<i?16c; Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14«fflfic; Nevada, 10<@14c-
Eastern Oregon, 10iS12c: Valley Oregon. 15»17c
HOPS— IB9B crop, 10@13c; 1897 crop, nominal.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
BEEF— First quality. 6^c; «econd quality,
BM'Ro: third qunlltv. 4U(f?sc.
VEAL— Large, s@6c; Email, 6%@Bc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, ti&Tc; Ewes, 6(8»Ho
per It).
LAMB— Spring:, 7%«?Sc per lt».
PORK— Live Hogs. 3^®3%c for large. 4®4\40
for medium and 3^4@3Hc for small; stock
Hogs, 2®3c; dressed Hogs, s%@6<£c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Onleutta Grain Bog*. 4%c: Wool
Bags, 26ijt28c: San Quentln Bag*, $4 86; Fruit
K'iks. Ec, 6tyc and'B^c for the three grades of
white and 7<jjßc for brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wai
llngton. »S: South Held Wellington. |7 r>o; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant. S6; Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
»7 50; Cumberland. $13 In bulk and $14 50 In
Backs; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate.
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton In bulk and $14 In
sacks.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7V*c; Powdered, 6%c; Candy
Granulated, 6Hc; Dry Granulted, «c; Confec
tioners' A. 6c; California A, s\c; Magnolia A,
5%c; Extra C, 5Hc: Golden C. 594 c; half bar
rels, He more than barrels, and boxes He more.
No order taken for less than 70 barrels or Its
equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Monday. September 11.
Flour, qr sks ... 18,6S6j\Yool. bales 252
Wheat, ctls 280 Er*s. doz 7,590
Barley, ctl» 4.130 Wine, gals 41.900
Butter, ctls looiSugar. bbls 1.993
Cheese, ctls 41 j Leather, rolls ... 148
Beans, sks 78 Hides, no 818
Potatoes, sks ... 3.423 j Powder, car 1
Onions, sks 1,0471 Chicory, bbls ... 52
Bran, sks S4 Lime, bble 729
Middlings, sks .. 785 Raisins, bxs .... 300
Hay. tons l,4ol» Pelts, bdls Sls
Hops, bales 57 i Quicksilver, flak. 90
OREGON.
Oats, ctls 4,970 Hay, ton» 20
UTAH.
Hay.tons 10|
NEVADA.
Hay. tons 10!
THE STOCKMAKKET.
Mining: stocks were again higher yesterday,
as win be seen by the quotations. The high
est figures were touched on the noon session,
and the feeling was weaker in the afternoon.
The Utah assessment falls delinquent in of
fice to-day.
On the Bond Exchange Hawaiian Commer
cial advanced to $28 25. Hutchinson Planta
tion opened higher at $59, but fell back some
what. There were transactions in San Fran
cisco and North Pacific Railroad s's at $109®
109 26.
The Oakland Oas, Light and Heat Company
will pay a dividend of 20c per share on the
16th.
A seml-annool dividend of $1 50 per share is
now payable by the Anglo-Callfomian Bank,
limited, of this city.
At a special meeting of the stockholder* of
the Yellow Jacket Silver Mining Company in
Gold Hill. Nev., yesterday the directors were
authorized to disincorporate and dissolve that
company and deed all He property to a new
corporation, to be known as the Yellow Jacket
Gold and Silver Mining Company, with its
capital stock at a par value of $3 per share,
Instead of $100, as at present. The holders of
the old Btock will receive share for share.
The Old Home Consolidated Mining Company
of Nevada County has levied an assessment of
2c per share, delinquent October 8.
The August report of the Alaska Mextcnn
mine states that the mill was run for 30ft days,
crushing 18,873 tons of ore, averaging $2 16 per
ton. There were 297 tons of eulphureta treated,
yielding $10,049. The bullion shipment for the
month was $29,872 and the expenses $19,642.
The official stutement of the Sierra Nevada
mine for the wei»k ending September 10 Is as
follows: Rllpy tunnel — During the week ex
tracted lo mining cars of ore from the seventh
floor and deposited It in the orehouse at mine.
The average assay of samples taken from the
face was: Gold, $31 95; silver. 11.19 ounces per
ton. At a point 147 feet south from the tun
nel line from the south drift west crosscut No.
2 was advanced 16 feet; total length, 60 feet;
face In porphyry and stringers of quartz. The
old Sierra Nevada shaft has been retimbered
20 feet, making a total depth of 130 feet. 900
level— The upraise in west crosscut No. 2 from
the north lateral drift was advanced 10 feet;
total, 20 feet; top in clay and porphyry.
The Alta mlrje and mill have been closed
down temporarily. Several tons of concentrates,
the result of the last run, have been shipped
to the smelting works.
Brunswick lode— Best & Belcher, Gould &
Curry and Savage— On the Sutro tunnel level
the Joint west crosscut, started at a point 194
feet from the main tunnel In the north drift,
has been advanced 12 feet; total length, 115
feet; face is In hard porphyry.
Chollar and Potosi, 800-foot level— The main
south drift has been advanced 10 feet and la
now out 103 feet south of the Chollar north
boundary; face In porphj-ry.
Occidental Consolidated— The official letter
for the past woek Bays: "From the stopes
above the 500 level extracted and milled 142
tons of ore of the average value of $9 per ton,
as per battery sample assays. On the 450 level,
at the head of No. 6 upraise, we have uncov
ered a body of ore assaying about $33 per ton,
as per car samples, and are now putting in
track and ore chute at that point, and will be
ready to run the ore to the mill on the 12th
instant."
The following companies report cash on hand
September 1: Andes, $2574; Alpha Consolidated,
5i"3: Alta, $12; Best & Belcher, $3755; Bullion,
$602; Caledonia. $6938: Chollar $2564; Con
solidated California and Virginia, $39,331- Con
fidence, $1692; Crown Point, $1512; Consolidated
New York. $252: Exchequer, $253; Gould &
Curry. $7000; Hale & Norcross (Fox manage
ment). $4C13; Julia, $532; Justice, $121; Kentuck
Consolidated, J235; Mexican, $3684; Occidental
Consolidated, $211; Ophlr, $2411; Potosi $277-
Savage, $437; Sierra Nevada, $22,241; Silver Hill'
$12SS; Standard Consolidated, $69,966; Syndicate'
$1183; Union Consolidated, $4659; Utah Con
solidated, $1953.
The Belcher Mining Company ha« an Indebt
edness of $1682. The Overman Mining Company
has an Indebtedness of $1046.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Sept. 12—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid.Ask.
XT S Bonds— Cent LAP... 714 —
4s quar coup..limil2H Mutual El Co — ' 1214
4s quar rcg...llo^lll>4 Oakland Gaa.. 52 622
4s quar neV. ..127>-.!23% Pac Gas Imp.. 88^4 —
3s n*w 104*4105 Pac L Co 48 50
Miscellaneous— S F G & E... 87% 8$
Cal-st Cab «5. 114*116 San Fran .... 3V4 3>4
Cal El 6p 3 125 — Stockton Gas.. 13 —
C C Wat 55... 100 101 Insurance—
Dup-et ex c... — 9S& Flrem's Fund.2oo 210
E L & P 65... 130% - Bank Stocks—
F&CI Ry 65. 115 — Anglo-Cal .... 62*4 65
Qeary-at R 6,5. 93 100 Bank of Ca1.. 246 —
H C & R 4Vts.lOO 105 Cal S D & T. — 99
L A LCo 65.. — 100 First Nat 205 —
Do gntd 65.. 98 100 Lon P & A....123U —
Market-st 65.. 127 — Mer Exchange 14 —
Do Ist M55.113V4 — Nev Nat H . lfil 163
Nat Vln 6b Ist - 97V4 Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 75. 104 1064 Ger S & L..1560 —
N Ry Cal 65.. 112 116 Hum S & L.1060 1160
NRy Cal Es-.IOS — Mutual Say. — 42H
NPC R R 6s. 103^106 S F Say U.. 490 600
NPC R R 68.100* - S& L 50.... - 98
N Cal R R ss. — — Security S B 300 350
Oak Gaa 5s mi — Union T Co. looo —
Do 2d Is 6s.Uo>4 — Street Railroads—
Om Ry 6b 127H129 California 107 110
P& CI R<' 6s. 105 V — Geary 40 —
P & O 6s U3V4 — Market-st 54Vi 54%
Powell-st 65...118*i122 Presidio 9 —
Reno W L&L.100 — Powder-
Sac El Ry 58.100 — California 132W149
8F& N P 63.108% — E Dynamite... 87 95
SlerraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 49% 50
S P of Ar 65...10814108H Vlgorlt 2%, 2H
S P Cal «■> ...110 — Miscellaneous—
SPC Is og 65. 102 — Al Pac A55n.,102%103
S P Br 6s — 119% Ocr Ld Wk5..140 -
S V Wat 65.. .11tiH - Hana P C 0.... 18 18V4
S V Wat 45... 102%103K H C & S Co.. 2SH 28*
Stockton Gas.. 102 — Hutch S P Co. 58% 59
Water Stocks — Mer Ex Assn. 90
Contra Costa.. 52 60 Nat Vln 65... — 6
Marln Co 60 — Oceanic S Co. 56V 58
Spring Valley. 9<t\loo Pacific AF A. I>4 1%
Gae & Electric— Pac Bot C 0... — 105
Cent Gaslight. los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Morntnz Session.
60 Giant Powder Con 49 75
300 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 28 00
20 do do 28 12H
60 Hutchinson S P Co 59 00
100 do do 68 87%
150 do do 58 75
60 do do b 80 59 00
50 S F Gaa & Electric Co gg 00
$1000 S F. & N P Ry Bonds 109 25
$1000 do do 109 12U
$3000 do do 109 00
Street—
10 Spring Valley Water 99 g7u
$1000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 119 00
Afternoon Session.
70 Giant Powder Con 4975
215 Hawaiian Commercial A Sugar 28 25
100 S F Gas & Electric Co gg 00
4 do do - S7 75
$8000 8 F & Is P Ry Bonds 109 00
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Mornlnz Session.
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 57 00
50 Hutchlnson 8 P Co 5900
25 Alaska Packers' Association 102 00
Afternoon Session.
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 88 00
$2000 Spring Valley Water 4s 102 87^4
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the Ban Fran
cisco Btock Board yesterday:
Mornlnr Session.
200 Andes 13 100 Mexican .... 24
300 Belcher 21 500 Ophir 60
100 Best & Belcher.. 30 1 200 Savage .. n
100 Challenge 20J1000 Seg Belcher. ' 04
300 Chollar 23 100 Sierra Nevada SO
100 22 100 Union Con .... 21
400 Con Cal & Va... 68 100 20
1000 Con Imperial.... 01 108 Yellow Jacket ' 26
200 Cor. New York.. 03 ">OO " oj
700 Justice 16
Afternoon Session.
200Alta 12 500Ophlr 49
300 Andes 12 2to 48
50 Belcher 20 200 Overman o«
100 Benton Con 15 300 Potosl 21
700 Bullion 04 200 Savage " 17
100 Caledonia 30 100 JS
100 Challenge 19 500 Seg Belcher '. OJ
100 Chollar 21 100 Sierra Nevada.... 75
200 Con Cal & Va... 68 100 74
600 Con Imperial .... 01 400 Union Con 21
200 Crown Point .... 17 100 Utah 08
300 Justice 12
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Mornlnc Session.
200 Alpha 051400 Challenge 18
>00 Alta lli2oooCon Imperial.... 01
100 Andes 141200 Occidental ... 83
200 13|800Ophlr ' 47
•00 Belcher 20 200 48
200 Best & Belcher. 34 500 49
1000 Bi>llion 04 700 B0
200 Caledonia 30 400 51
300 Chollar 23 350 53
300 22J500 Overman 07
200 Con Cal & Va... 66J1000 06
600 751300 Poto.ol 21
ISO 72 200 Savage 16
300 71 200 19
300 67 200 17
300 Gould & Curry... 25 2500 S B A M 04
300 27 200 Sierra Nevada... 80
200 88 100 Standard 150
300 26 300 Union Con Jl
300 Mexican 22 200 *
300 23 300 *
700 241400 20
Afternoon Session.
600 Alta 11 1 200 Confidence <5
300 Andes 12HjlOO ♦*
300 12 j 400 Crown Point .... «
COO Best & Belcher.. 261200 Gould A Curry-- «
100 Caledonia 30|300 Justice J
300 26 600 Mexican *
100 2S 400 Ophlr *%
600 Chollar 19 400 S B A M 03
450 Con Cal & Va... 71:600 <*
200 6S2CoSlerra Nevada... 75
300 67:250 Union Con 21
200 66 600 2 2
300 65 600 Utah 08
200 64 400 Yellow Jacket... 22
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Sept. 12—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bld.Asß.
Alpha 03 05|Justlce 12 —
Aita U 12,Kentuck 02 04
Andes 11 13 Lady Wash ... 5 01
Belcher 19 20|Mexican 2> 24
Benton Con 06 OS Occidental 82 —
Best & Belcher 26 27 Ophlr 48 49
Bullion OS 04 Overman 06 06
Caledonia 30 32 Potosl 20 21
Chollar 20 JlSavage 17 IS
Challenge Con. 18 19|Scorpion 03 —
Confidence 37 42lSeg Belcher ... 03 04
Con Cal & Va. 65 66 1 Sierra Nevada. 73 74
Con Imperial .. — 01 1 Silver Hill .... — 15
Crown Point .. 16 17 1 Syndicate — 03
Con New York. — cslistandard 160 —
Exchequer 02 04'L'nlon Con 20 21
Gould & Curry. 23 2P Utah 07 08
Hale & Norcrs. SO S5 Yellow Jacket. 21 22
Julia 01 02
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Pauline Butz to Frederick R. Butx, lot on
N line of Grove street, 27:6 E of Octavla, N
68:9 by E 27:6; $3500.
Crocker Estate Company to David Emerson,
lot on N line of Beulah street, 156:8 W of
Shrader. W 25 by N 137:6; $10.
John W. Hlckß to Arabella M. Hicks, lot on
N line of Valley street. 368 E of Dolores, E
B by N 114; |10.
I. K. Peters to Dora H. Peters, lot on N line
of Twenty-fourth street, 90 E of Church. N 25,
E 10. N 125. E 60, 8 36. W 25, S 114, W 35, war
ranty deed: |5.
Frederick R. Butz to Pauline Butß, lot on
N line of Bush street, 68:9 E of Taylor, E 22:11
by N 100; $3600.
Augusta A. or Ai anda A. Buckley to Ar
menia Strong (executrix of estate of George W
Strong), lot on E line of Larkin street. 25 S
of Rockland (Brady), being 162:6 N of Green.
S 25 by E 137:6, quitclaim deed; 11.
Armenia Strong an( i aa executrix estate of
George W. Strong to bertha E. Michelsen.
(wife of L. J. A.), lot oh X line of Larkin
street. 121: lVi N of Green, N 20 by E 88:6;
$1500.
Charles L. and Clara M. Jurman to Charles
N. and Katharlna Hlmbert. lot on W line of
De Haro street, 275 N of Nevada, N 25 by W
100, $1200.
A. F. and Rebecca D. Benjamin to Louis F.
Sanden, lot 397, gift map 1; $10.
Mary and Patrick Gallagher by E. B. Pond
and H. C. Campbell, trustees, to S. C. Arm
strong, 1638 D., 31, lot on SE corner of West
Park and Holly street, E 117:11V4. S 50, W
8S:1%. NW 68:3; lots 7 and 8, block 4, Holly
Park Tract, trustees' deed; $630.
W\ C. Rogers to Mrs. Jane M. Orbell, com
mencing at a point N 27 degrees 45 minutes W
75 from W line of Rotteck street and N bound
ary of Spring Valley Homestead Tract, N 27
degrees 46 minutes W 25 by S 62 minutes 15
minutes W 102, lot 37, Salomon Point. Rock
Ranch; $10.
Alameda County.
Charles W. and Emma H. Bollea to Ernest
S. Angel, lot on E line of Franklin street, 152
N of Delger (or Twentieth), BE 80.92, NE 32.3,
NW 82.60, SW to beginning, Oakland (subject
to mortgage); $10.
E. B. and Emma S. Thome to Charles W.
Bollee. lot on SE line of Lee street, where same
Is Intersected by line dividing lots 4 and 5,
thence SE 140, NE 100,' NW 170, SW 100 to be
ginning, being lots 6 and 6, map of subdivision
of lots 14 and 15, survey No. 824, made for H.
C. Lee 100-acre tract, Oakland; $10.
Columbian Mutual Building and Loan Asso
ciation to Su6an A. Magann, lot 17, block H,
map of Hlllegase property, being a resubdl
vlslon of blocks G and 11, HUlegass Tract,
Berkeley: $10.
Elmhurst Land Company to Kate Welch, lot
86, Elmhurst Park, Brooklyn Township; $20.
George T. Harlow to George Gale, lot on S
line of East Twenty-fourth street, 202:6 W of
Twenty-llrst avenue, W 50 by S 140. being lots
IS an.l 19. block 76. Northern Addition to
Brooklyn, East Oakland; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Herman
Tlllman, lot C 6, Galindo Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
H. C. Morris to Katherine Steffens, lota 12
and 13, block 10, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Town
ship: $10.
M. C. and Therepia Petersen to Charles Rota,
lots 8 and 9, Nielson Tract, Map 1, Eden Town
ship; SIS3T..
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, Is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially fciTfted to risft the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street. Is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
in the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. 3. N., in charge.
SUN. MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey—
' Timed and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide is the same at both places.
TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13.
Sun rises 5:50
Sun sets 6:20
Moon rises 3:24 a, m.
3
3
I:
4
6:
6:
9:00
9:46
10:28
11:11
11:55
4.7
4.8
4.9
4.S
11
11
11
1.
7:01
O.i
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tlde«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
BTEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
National City..!
Mlneola I
Willamette
Czarina
Empire
Orescent City...
Bertha
Orizaba
Charles Nelson.
Wellington
Coos Bay
Slßnal '
Navarre
Arcata
Geo. W. Elder..
Tltanla
North Fork
Starbuck
Corona
Chllkat
Australia
Queen
Pomona
Homer [
Columbia ]
Steamer.
i w. '......
osa
i
laimo |
oma ...............
Diego ...............
torla & Puget Sound
Hand ;......... ... .'. . .
:lnnd ........ ......;.
oma .....\... .;.......
:tle .......:.........
ttle
9 Bay ,|
•cent City ....;
Michael ..........;. "
nboldt
nboldt :...............
arture Bay '
rport ..;.'
y» Harbor .........
ulna Bay -*
a Bay "...V."..v.".
tland ....... :.-..;.-.;;-!
laimo ..........
nboldt ............."*"
ama .'...... ;. ■■-
i Diego ....... "."■'
nboldt ............v...
iolulu - '.:....:... .'.....
:orla & Puget Sound!
nboldt - !
Dae.
Sept. l 2
?«pt.l2
Sept.li
Sept. l 4
3ept.lt
Sept. l 4
Sept. l 4
Sept. l 4
sept.H
Sept. 14
»ept.ls
3ept.ls
Sept. 15
Sept. 15
Sept.ls
>ept. 16
?ept.l«
Sept.l«
Sept. 16
Sept. 17
Sept. 17
Sept. 18
Sept. IS
Jept.lß
Sept. IS
Sept. 19
Sept. 19
sept.l 9
rport ■...:...;...;. ..;;.
IUMI
tland
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Columbia ..
Glen)?yle ...
Walla Wall
Chllkat ....!
Alliance ...
Homer ;;..'...
Pomona ....
Santa Rosa.
State or Cal
Coptic ;..;.
Coos Bay...
Umatllla ..
Curacao ...
Navarro ":..
Arcata :"....
G. W. Elder!
Colon;;.::... ]
Corona 'sTT.T. (
Kit ....
Ports.
■t- |
1dt....
'Bo
d..v... I
; .Tapani
■t
>gt Sd.
:• 13. 10 am (Pier 24
1. 13, 1 pm PMHS
1. 13, 10 am Pier 9
t. 14, 9«n Pier 13
t. H, 9 am Pier 20
L 14. 9 am Pfer 11
1. 16. 10 am Pier 9
1. 16. 11 am Pier 11
L 16. 10 am Pier 12
t. 17, 1 pm PMSS
1. 18, 9 am PJer 11
1. 18, 10 am Pier 9
L lB, lO am Pier 11
1. 18, 6 pm Pier 13
1. 18, 10 am Pier 13
1. 1!», 10 am. Pier 12
1. 19, 12 miPMSS
t. 20, 11 am|Pler 11
a Bay.
ay.....
d I
a
ejro.T.-.|
TIME BALL,
Branch Hydrographlc ' Office, U. 8. N.: Mer
chants Exchange. San Francisco.' Cal., S*>
:;.(■■= tember. 12, . 1898. h ' . ■ ••- :■ ;/-•■■ • -.-■-•Zfi
kJ^'i tlme ba !, ! on • th «" tower of >th new Ferry
building was dropped :at exactly I noon to-day—
1. ; c.. at ; noon - of , the : 120 th - meridian, or ' at ' 8
p. m. Greenwich mean time. ' - ; •
' « V "•-''■ CHAS. P. WELCH. !
BMlfn (retired). U. S. N., la charts
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Monday, September IX
Stmr Homer, Jessen, 80 hours from New
port, etc
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson, 14 hour* from
Greenwood.
Stmr Ruth, Strand, 17 hours from Usal.
Stmr Afognak, Moller, 9V4 days from Kar
luk.
Haw stmr San Mateo. Littlefleld. 80 hour*
from Tacoma.
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson, 27 hours from Eu
reka.
Br «hlp Galena, Blair. 160 days from Ant
werp.
Bark Theobald, Cameron, 10 days from Seat
tle.
Bark Nicholas Thayer. Swanson. 82 days
from Nushagak.
Schr Rio Rev, Johnson, 48 hours from Eu-
Sclir J G Wall, BJornstrom. 2 days from Eu
reka.
CLEARED.
Monday. September IJ.
Stmr North Fork. Bash, Eureka; Charlea
Nelson.
Stmr Corona, Debney, San Diego and way
ports; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Green. Astoria; Oregon Rail
way and Navigation Co.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, Honolulu; Welch &
Co.
SAILED.
Monday. September 12.
Stmr Portland. Lundqulst. St Michael.
Stmr Point Arena, Levlnson, Point Arena.
Stmr Cornona, Debney. San Diego and way
ports.
Schr Mary Etta, Anderson.
Schr Sacramento, Forest.
Schr Maid of Orleans, Austin.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOB. Sept 12—10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy: wind, W; velocity. 14 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Clan Graham loads mdsa for Liverpool;
John G North, mdse for Honoipu. •
The Metropolis loads wheat at Portland or
Tacoma for Europe, 3.'s.
MISCELLANEOUS..
DUNKIRK. Sept 11— Br ship Alice A Leigh
passed Dungeness bound east in tow, with fore
and main upper gear gone, the result of a
collision with the Ger sht- Rickmer Rickmers.
MEMORANDUM.
Per Nicholas Thayer-Bark W W Caaa wai
to sail Aug 18. for San Francisco.
On June 15— Frank Hlgren, a native of Fin
land, aged 46 years, died at IT^asnik.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed Sept 13— Stmr Brunswick
°FORT BRAGG— Sailed Sept IJ— Stmr Sequoia,
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Mlneola.
he uSAL^Sal 6 ied Sept lfc-Stmr Ruth, for San
F VALPARAISO-Sailed Sept 10-Shl» Kenll
worth, for New York. «.».
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived Sept 12— Schr
Marion, hence Aug 17. __»_ * M
EUREKA— SaiIed Sept 12— Stmr Chllkat, for
San Francisco; stmr South Coast, for San
Francisco; bktn Monitor, for San Pedro.
Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Lakme. from Trinidad.
FORT ROSS— Arrived Sept 11— Schr La Cfall
ena, hence Sept 9. . ' •
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Sept 11— Schr Twilight.
for Eureka.
Arrived Sept 11— Schr Eva, from Tacoma; sen
G W Watson, from Tacoma.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived Sept 12— Schr Glen
dale, from Grays Harbor.
FORT ROSS— Sailed Sept 12— Schr 1j» Chll
ena. for San Francisco.
EUREKA— Arrived Sept I*— Stmr Oriiaba,
hence Sept 11.
COOS BAY— Sailed Sept 12— Stmr Empire,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Sept 11— Stmr
Alcatraz, for .
Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Newsboy, from Cajni
cos.
Sailed Sept 11 — Stmr Burma, for Nalmo. .
REDON'DO- Arrived Sept 12— Schr Maggie C
Rues, from Port Gamble.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Sept 12— Stmr State of Cali
fornia, for San Francisco.
Arrived Sept 12— Br stmr Braemar, from
Hongkong.
FOREIGN PORTS.
SHANGHAI— SaiIed Aug 11— Br bark Coiilng
grove, for Port Blakeley; Br ship Mozambique
tor Oregon.
LlZAßD— Passed Sept 9— Ger bark Philip
Neleon, hence April 5, for Hamburg-.
NEWCASTLE. NSW— Arrived Sept 9— Br
bark Blrkdale, from Algoa Bay, to load for San
Francisco.
PORT PlßlE— Arrived prior to Sept 9— Nor
bark Prince Robert, from Tacoma.
QUEENSTOWN— SaiIed Sept 10— Br bark Al
lonby. for Galway; Br bark Invercoe. for Llv-
YOKOHAMA— PaIIed Sept 9— Br stmr Em
prfsp of India, for Vancouver.
S\A/ISS-A/V\ERICAN BANK
Of Locarno. Switzerland, and
GERMANIA TRUST COMPANY.
524 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
Paid-up Capital and Reserves, $620,000.
(G. T. Co., 1320.000.) (S. A. 8.. $300,000.)
A general banking business transacted. . In-
terest paid on savings deposits. : Loans on ap-
proved real estate security and on . commercial
paper. The GERMANIA TRUST CO. is au-
thorized and . empowered by the State of • Cali-
fornia to act as executor, administrator, -guar-
dian and trustee. Legal depository for trust
funds. - . • ... . -:
DIRECTORS— Ernst A. Denlcke, A. Sbar-
boro, J. C. Rued. E. Martinoni, F. C. Sleb*,
A. . Tognazzinl. H. Brunner, McD. R. Venable,
A. G. Wieland, F. Kronenberg, Charles Mar-
tin, C. Gehret. P. Tognazzlnl. S. Grandl. G.
Rnttanzl. . .
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co, •
ifc. Steamers leave Broadway .
TOftiw-. wharf, San Francisco:
HCnnTOf^. . For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
§3gWw9lK Sept. 3. 8, 13, 18, 23, 28. October
ISs.BS5lV\^ 3, transfer at Seattle.
EJk^Shv|N»4 For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
fiHnMdBBI C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^^ESjflHß Taooma, Everett, Anacortes '
and New Whatcom (Wash), ID-
a. m.. Sept. 3. .8, 13, IS, 23. 28,
October 3, and every fifth day thereafter.
transfer at Seattle to this company's steamers .
for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at Tacoma to N.
P Ry .at Vancouver to C. P. Ry. • -^
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay) 10 a. m., Sept.
6 11. 16. 21. 26, October 1, and every fifth day
For a Santa Crui, Monterey, San Simeon. .
i For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, > Port . Harford , (San Luis Oblspo).
Gaviota, ■ Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los • Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. Sept. 2, 6. 10, 14. 18. 22. 26. :
30 Oct 4 and ' every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11 a.
m Sept. 4. 8. 12, 16. 20, 24, 28, Oct. 2, and
every fourth day thereafter. . • _
For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata, La Paz. Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., ISth of every
For further Information obtain folder. ■.
The company reserves the ■ right to change,
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hours of salilnc. ■ ■ ■ ■ ■ '
TICKET OFFICE— 4 New . Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). ' - .
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts., .
10 Market st., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. GO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO .'
FORT L 2STD
From : Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m. .•
CADE $12 First Class .. Including Berths '.
rMIIL $8 Second Class and Meals.
... SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS: . ;.•••.
State of California ". ..Sept. 7. 18. 25
Geo. W. Elder ..Sept. 10, 19. 28
Columbia ............ .......Sept. IS. 22. Oct. I
Bt. Paul $16 (01 St. Louis ......... 3100
Kansas City ..... 26 00 ! Chicago 24 00
Omaha 26 00 1 New York ....,..'. ft 00
*^^ E. C, WARD, General Agent.. *•
. 630 Market st. .
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO..
, Superintendents. . , •
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^. -
; French Line to ' Havre.
Company's pier (new) 42 North, .t^..
River, foot of Morton ■ st. Travelers <f,*jpPfw
by this line avoid both transit by %J*aaw»£w .
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel In a small boat. New York to '
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class, $140:
second I class. $116. ' •
LA NAVARRE. ...'.... ..........5ept, 17, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE .Sept. 24. 10 a m.
LA GASCOONE..... Oct. 1. 10 a. nil
LA TOUR A INK Oct. 8. 10 a. m. •
LA CHAMPAGNE Oct. 15. 10 a. m ■
For further particulars apply to •
COMPAGNIE « GENERALE TRANSATLAN- '
TIQUE, Agent. i .
. No. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUOA7I & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye.. San Francisco. '"• " ■;• • •• ■
s. s. Australia
Ks*> v( 4Htl»llß«s?issL'' a " 8 for Honolulu only '
m -^ S^ m "Saturday. September I*.
■D'ffla nH ■». at 2p. m. -. •
PN^JfeMlfl Th e S. AUSTRALIA
rihttnlL *' allB for Honolulu only
rt* w """ w Saturday. September 24.
y at 2 p. m.
a^T L'-^ Tne s - s - ALAMEDA
SHyrnMlllW Balls via Honolulu and
Mf3^&™j} M V Auckland for Sydney
53*g"^ (OfHRfIPH* Wednesday, October 5
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa. .-- •'
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO...Agents.
114 Montgomery st. •
Freight office— Market st., San Francisco.
BAY AJJD BIVEB STEAMEBS.
"7STsThayi™d and vallejoT
Mon. __ Steamer "Montlcello."
Men., Tueti., Wed., Thurs. and Sat ,
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.>
Fridays ;"..... v..' 1 p. m. 1 and 8:30 p. ■m.
Sundays ; 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
• Landing and cf flees— Mission Dock, Pier S. . "
' ; v Telephone Red , 2241. v : - ;
TAKE TliE BOAT TO SAN JOSE.
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY. TOO. at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, \ Clay street Wharf. Fare 750.
Delightful Bay ' Trip, 44 \ miles ■ and ; return.
On Sundays. Excursion. $1. — - 'ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
GUESSING AT
WATER BILLS
A Half Million Gallons
Disappear Monthly.
MYSTERY OF THE METER
SAID TO HAVE AN OUTLET IN A
LOST SEWER.
All Sorts of Experiments Are Being
Made to Keep the City Treas
ury From Complete
Bankruptcy.
Oakland Office San Francisco fall,
MR Broadway, Sept. 11
The astonishing discovery was made
to-day v that the bills for the use of water
at the City Hall for July and August
are baaed on guesswork. These bills are
now being Investigated, and to-day May
or Thomas, City Engineer Clement and
Councilman Henneberry, chairman of the
Water Committee, made a series of in
vestigations, which brought to light a
state of affairs which they declare to be
mysterious.
The bill from the Oakland Water Com
pany for July is as follows:
€90.000 raJlona of water for the City Hall
Park, at 20 cents per 1000 gallons.. $127 15
City Hail, two upper floors, 4S persons;
lower floor, SO prisoners 10 85
Total $138 00
For September the City Hall Park consumed
485.750 gallons, costing {97 16, making the bill
1108. . • . -
The City Hall park consists of less than
one-third of an acre of lawn, and the
Board of Works do©» not believe any
Fuch amount of water, or that one-tenth
of the amount of water, could possibly
be used. Yet dally readings of the meter
mad© by the Mayor and City Engineer
for two weeks show that this amount of
water Is actually passirg through the
meter.
"Thin matter is a mystery." Bald the
Mayor this afternoon, "and I am satis
fied that the bills are made by gruess. The
bills showed that the water used for the
City Hall park cost? by the meter very
large amounts, and that the water for the
City Hall is quite reasonable. Now I have
discovered that the meter through which
thin tremendous lake of fresh water
pasaeo every month le not used by the
1 Ity Hall park, not even one gallon of
It. The City Hall park, the Health of
fice, the Police Department and the kitch
en in the City Prison, all draw their wa
ter from the meter on Fifteenth street,
which If not the meter at all from which
the measurements are taken.
"It would actually appear as though
the water ran round in a circle and kept
passing through the meter, for that
arr.ount of water would flood the City
Hall and fill the prison every day. I can
only account for It by the suggestion
rhat in some place or other the pipe con
n^cfs with the sewer, for by no other
means could such a vast volume of water
ever !..<• carried off without serious dam
age. The old hall has been so changed
since it waa built that we cannot find
w.here its sewer runs to. and consequently
we are at a loss to discover where the
water goes.
"It appears to me as if the water com
pany were honest in the matter, for when
we refused to pass their bills they pro
posed that we should let the opposition
company put in a meter and take water
from it. The whole thing is a mystery, '
but a very expensive one for the city, j
There is a •well under trie fire tower whtel.
formerly supplied the City Hall. There
Is no good reason why a windmill should
not be erected over that well and made
to supply the whole building. Certainly
i splendid windmill would not cost more
than a few months' water bills."
LUNCHES FOB SOLDIERS.
rhe Red Cross Makes Its Last Ap-
peal to the People of Alameda,
ALAMEDA. Sept. 12— The ladies of the
Red t'ross have issued their last appeal
:o the people of this city for lunches for
3epartlng soldiers. The four companies
remaining at Camp Barrett will strike
their tents and will probably leave there
to-morrow night for Vancouver. Two
Jays' rations of hard tack and canned"
beef will be issued to each man, but the
.adies think the fare for the trip should
oe varied, hence they call for 00 pack
ages of lunch, each containing enough for
:wo Bauare meals, and consisting of what
ever the taste of the donor may select.
The ladles of the American Aid Society
propose to give the boys a farewell sup
per to-morrow evening and have Issued
in appeal to the public for supplies with
n'hlcn to provide it.
The Valentine Property.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 12-Mrs. \V. T. Val
entine has decided to give up any per
sonal contest for the temporary posses
sion of the house belonging to her late
nusband, and has returned to San Fran
rlP<~o. where she had been living before
a!s death. The house has been padlocked
»nd is now unoccupied.
Her application for the issuance of iet
;ers of administration to her on her hus-
Dand's property came up in Judge Ells
worth's court to-day and was transferred
to Judge Greeno's court, where it was
postponed for two week?.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, Sept. 12.— The officers are
Jetermined to break up the practice of
:rain Jumping, and besides arresting boys
for it are beginning to capture men who
. lght to know better. Several arrests of
his kind have been made lately.
The suit of Robertson against the Ll
nr.iry Trustees, growing out of the Har
sourne defalcation, was to have come up
:o-day in the Superior Court, but it was
rontlnued for two weeks.
Were Cruel Husbands.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Judge Greene
rranted a divorce to-day to Deborah
Reese from William W. Reese on tho
rrounds of extreme cruelty and habitual
ritemperance. The care of the minor
rhild. Ruby, and all the community prop
srty was awarded to plaintiff. Grace M.
rostf-r was also granted a divorce to-day
y Judge Ogden from Alfred B. Foster
>n the ground of cruelty. It looked for
i while as though plaintiff would lose her
»«lt on the ground that the cruelty com
plained of was insufficient to warrant a
Wree. Mrs. Foster alleging that her hus-
Dand and the mother-in-law constantly
?l;u?ue<l hrr by talking about her; but
ihe <ame out victorious.
Rev. v W. Wendte to Go Taat
OAKLAND, fif.pt. 12.-Rev. C. W.
tVendtc?, formerly pastor of the First Uni
:arlan Church here, will leave next Frl-
Jay for the East in the hope of improv
ng his health. He will be accompanied
oy his wife rind mother, and expects to
return some time daring the winter.
Mrs. Sanford Pvesigns.
OAKLAND, Sent. 12.— Mrs. Barah C.
3anford to-day filed her resignation of
guardianship of the Joel J. Hurt children
GRAPE-NUTS.
FEEDING NEW ENGLAND.
Western Products in Favor.
A Battle Creek food concern (The
Postum Cereal Co., Lim.) are sending
a. prepared food called Crape-Nuts to
Boston by the car load. The New Eng-
land people are proverbial for the
:are with which they select food, and
these Grape-Nuts appeal strongly to
them, as the article is made to supply
a need for a pre-digeste<l and tooth-
some food, and something different
from the ordinary soft mushes. They
ire known to possess in a concentrated
form the most valuable element* of
nutrition.
— Josie Blanche, Allie Eveline and Etta j
Dell Hurt— to which she was appointed
last July. The children have been in ,
Mills College ever since at the expense
of the father. Mrs. Sanford avers that j
she has done her full duty in the mat
ter and asks to be released on account
of ill-health. It is believed that this ao
tion will re :en the fight between the
father and Mrs. Hurt's present husband,
Schaeffer.
ASSEMBLE FOR INSTRUCTION. ■
Opening Session of the Alameda
County Teachers' Institute
Yesterday.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— The annual ees- j
sJon of the Alameda County Teachers' In- j
stitute commenced this afternoon in the
First Congregational Church, and was
called to order by County School Super-
Intendent J. P. Garlick. State School
Superintendent Black, Professor James
of Harvard University and Mr. Water
: man of Berkeley occupied seats on the i
platform.
The greater part of the afternoon was !
i occupied with Professor James" lecture
: on "Man as a Reacting Organism, and
Also Instincts and Impulses." The speak
[ er said that any one who made a casual
i study of psychology would be benefited
\by it. He also urged the advisability of
child study.
D. R. Augsburg, the drawing maeter in
the city schoo'.s. gave the initial lecture ;
of hiß series on his line of wi/rk.
To-morrow morning the High School
! Teachers' Club will meet in the church
' parlors.
PLANS FOR GREATER
BERKELEY UNIVERSITY
ARCHITECTS NOW LOOKING TO
ANTWERP.
The Final Decision of the Gigantic
Competition Will Probably Be
Made in May.
BERKELEY, Sept. 12.— Regent J. B.
Relnstein of the University of California
i will leave for Europe to-morrow evening
! In connection with the Phebe Hearst ar
j chitectural plan. He will proceed at once
i to Antwerp, Belgium, where all interest
j Just now centers on the part of those who
! look forward to the time when the col
i lege buildings at Berkeley shall be the
; grandest which the best architects in the
world can devise.
■ At Antwerp Regent Reinstein will meet
i the committee upon whose award so
; much may depend. This committee will
i be most unique in character— four of the
' most eminent architects of modern times
] assembling in a European capital to pass
upon the plans which are to make the
State University of California a raonu
; ment of architecture. Its personnel will
: consist of R. Norman Shaw of London, J.
i L. Pascal of Paris, Paul Wallott of Dres
\ den, and Walter Cnok of New York. This
! body of men, assisted by Regent Rein
: stein and B. R. Maybeck of Berkeley.
! will examine the designs sent in for me
i preliminary contest. Over one hundred
! have been received already. On the 29th
j of September the work of selection will
; begin. Ten designs will be chosen, and
: the successful architects will enter at once
upon the final competition.
No expense whatever will be spared by
' Mrs. Phebe Hearst in this final contest.
Although the details have not yet been
arranged, it is understood that through
i Mr*;. Hearst's generosity each of the ten
• architects selected from the preliminary
competition will be invited to Berkeley
for a more detailed study of the univer
sity site. The final contest will close early
In May.
Scholarships Filled.
BERKELEY, Sept. 12.— The three va
- cant scholarships in the University of
i California were filled to-day at a special
meeting of the academic council. The
i scholarships were made vacant by the
i resignation of those appointed to hold
them at the close of the last college year.
! The awards were made as follows:
Fanny Cushing: Ptone, social science*, senior,
Berkeley, Levl Ptrauss scholar in the Third
Congressional District, succeeding Mary L.
Burdfck. reMgned.
KllKa Orose. sophomore, social sciences. Sara
toga*. Santa Clara County. State of California
scholar in the Fifth Congressional District, suc
ceeding Iva A. Gelatt, resigned.
Arthur McDonald Ellis. senior, social
sciences. Pomona. Levl Strauss scholar In the
Sixth Congressional District, succeeding T. P.
Bayer, resigned.
"WHO WROTE THE BIBLEP"
Washington Gladdens Work Ob-
jected To by Deacon Williams
as a Text Book.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— "Who Wrota the
BibleJ" Washington Gladden'sbook. has
caused a sensation among the members
of the First Congregational Church.
De-aeon E. C. Williams registered a
strenuous protest against the work as a
text book for the adult Bible class yes
terday. He believes the study of the book
to be destructive to the faith, while Rich
ard H. Chamberlain, the Bible class lead
er, defends his use of the book. The lat
ter concedes that it does not admit the
verbal inspiration of the Bible, but meets
the objection in a most reverential man
ner and upholds the word of God. H©
says, moreover, that the teachings of Rev.
C. R. Brown, the pastor of the church,
are in a direct line with those of Author
Gladden.
Mrs. Spencer Is Insane.
OAKLAND, Sent. 12.— Mrs. N. W. Spen
cer, the erstwhile wealthy widow of
Berkeley, who. after two attempts at sui
cide, threatens still to do away with her
self, was this morning examined by Drs.
A. F. Chllds and S. H. Buteau, who
recommended her for commitment. Judge
Hall this afternoon conducted the judi
cial examination and she was committed
to Napa Insane Asylum. Mrs. Campbell,
widow of the late Judge Campbell or San
Francisco, testified as to Mrs. Spencer's
violence, and stated that some years ago
the unfortunate woman had shot a-t a
man in Portland. Or.
Cheap Eating Houses.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— Health Officer
Dunn and Inspector Perkins have finished
the investigation of local bakeries, and
the restaurants are the next on the list.
This is considered a very important mat
ter, i
"It is my opinion," said Health Officer
Dunn, "that where meat and vegetables,
and bread and coffee and given for 10
cents, there must be something that onght
to be inquired into. We will take up that
work and push it for all it is worth."
Opposes His Discharge.
OAKLAND, Bept. 12.— C. E. Kinard has
filed an opposition to the discharge of J.
H. Bruns. an insolvent debtor. Kinard
alleges that the schedule and inventory
fileaby Bruns on November 19, 1897, does
not contain a full, true and correct state
mentj also that he swore falsely in his
affidavit, concealing certain real estate
with Intention to defraud creditors. Bruns
conducted a wood and coal business on
park street, Alameda.
Clarence I/angley's Death.
OAKLAND. Sept. 12.— A. A. Pennoyer
has received a letter from Edward Lang
ley, formerly of Alice street, announcing
the death of his brother. Clarence Lang
ley, whie* occurred at Chickamauga
Camp, Georgia, on August 26. Deceased
was well known here, being a Berkeley
graduate. He wsm 20 years of age, but
a man of magnificent physique. Edward
Langley describes the conditions in the
camp as frightful.
Oakland W. C. T. U. Election.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The Oakland
Woman's Christian Temperance Union
held Its annual election of officers to
day which resulted as follows: Mrs. D.
T. Curtis, president; Mrs. Frank Lee, first
vice-president; Mrs. Fryer, second vice;
Mrs. E. H. Hemenway, recording secre
tary: Mrs. Templeton, corresponding sec
tary, and Mrs. M. E. McMath treasurer.
Masonic Services.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The fiftieth anni
versary of the establishment of the Ma
sonic order on this coast was celebrated
by the members of the Masonic Veteran
Association yesterday at the grave of the
late John C. Ainsworth, the most wor
shipful grand master of Oregon and past
grand master of Multonomah Lodge.
The New Drawbridge.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The new steel
drawbridge of the Southern Pacific Com
nanv spanning the estuary at Harrison
street will be ready for trains by Wed
nesday. The bridge work was started
last April, but for about six weeks was
abandoned. It will be practically com
pleted by the 15th instant. The structure
cost between $75,000 and $80,000.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 189 S.
A LADY TO
RISK ARREST
Will Attempt to Give a
Street Address.
SOCIALISTS TO TEST THE LAW
EDITOR WTLXINS SAYS A PER
MIT IS NOT NEEDED.
Will Not Lack Legal Talent When
the Cases Come Up in the
Police Court, as They
Probably Will.
Oakland Office, San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Sept. 12.
Tho Socialist Labor party is preparing
to make a contest regarding the constitu
tionality of the ordinance regulating
speaking on the streets. There are now
half a dozen Socialists out on bail,
charged with speaking in public without
the necessary permit from the Mayor or
the Chief of Police.
M. \V. Wllkins, editor of the State party
organ, was the first man arrested, and he
states that "educational meetings" will
be held at Tenth and Broadway every
evening during the week with the excep
tion of Sunday. Every night a man will
be put forward who will be arrested by
the police, and ball will be put up until
the legality of the ordinance is decided.
The prisoners have all demanded Jury
trials, and the first one will come off in
about a week.
When Sergeant Peterson made the ar
rest of Wllkins he was handed a copy of
the constitution, and told Wllkins that he
preferred to follow the Oukland ordi
nance. To-morrow evening it is announced
that a lady will be put forward. She is
Mrs. Jane A. Roulston, the candidate of
the Socialist party for State Superintend
ent of Public Instruction. Her address is
to be delivered at Tenth and Broadway.
It is probable that the lady will be re
leased on her own recognizance.
Several lawyers have declared that the
Oakland ordinance will probably be found
to be sound, as a matter of public policy,
not framed to prevent free speech, but to
prevent inconvenience by drawing crowds
in the center of the city. When the case
comes to trial there will be no lack of
legal talent in behalf of the Socialists.
SCHOOLS AND TAX LEVY.
The Board of Education Estimates
Before the City Council.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The Board of
■ Education appeared before the City Coun
| cil to-night to discuss the estimates of
the School Department, preparatory to
. fixing the tax levy for the current year.
The first discussion arose over the mo
j tion of Mr. Cuvellier to raise the Auditor's
estimate for a new building as an annex
to the manual training school from $5000 !
;to $10,000. Cuvellier surprised the lobby |
Iby making a defense of the manual !
: school. Mr. Henneberry reminded Cuvel
: Her that only he had said the schools
were no good and the gentleman from the
First said that was another matter.
The sum of $3000 for permanent improve
ments to grounds was cut out on motion
i of Mr. Pringle.
Director Redington made a plea that no
! cuts be made. He said that at present
1 the Board of Education is paying Berke
i ley for educating several children and
1 that the board would keep the Oakland
I schools open as long «U5 the money appro
: priated by the Council would last.
Counci'man Glrard said that the Board
; of Education could be trusted with the
; amount allowed and moved that the Au
■ dl tor's estimate of $256,796 be reduced only
- the $5000 for a new site, and his motion ;
', prevailed. The High School estimates were '
j then taken up. Dr. Todd said that the
contracts were all let for the year and
no reductions could be made, but $500 wa*
; cut off. leaving It at $43,565. The Chabot
'' Observatory estimate was not touched.
Hoodoo Instead of "The Mascct."
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The Martens
Opera Company came to grief at the Mac
donough Theater to-night. Many of the
company boarded at the Galindo Hotel,
and Mrs. J. Allen, the proprietress, could
not collect for the board bills to-day, so
this evening the property was attached.
Martin Kattenbury, the manager, is held
responsible for $262 75, part of which Is as
signed claims for salaries of chorus girls
and others. The company was to have
presented "The Mascot" to-night, but In
stead the hoodoo appeared.
Beulah Park Camp Meeting.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— The camp meet
ing at Beulah Park, East Oakland, under
the control of tb« Pacific Coast Holiness
Association, has been so successful that it
has been determined to continue the serv
ices over next Sunday.
Organizing an Improvement Club.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— A preliminary
meeting of the Oakland Improvement
Club was held to-night, presided over by
I. R. Wheeler. On Wednesday night the
club will meet for permanent organiza
tion at Montanya Hall.
F. K. Shattuck's Death.
OAKLAND, Sept. 12.— Coroner Baldwin
held an Inquest to-night into the death of
F. K. Shattuck. A verdict was returned
that death was due to paralysis caused by
an accidental fall from a street car.
BROWNE HAS A STRONG
PULL AT WASHINGTON
HIS SUPERIORS ARE HIS BEST
FRIENDS.
Sufferers From the Moscow Bank
Failure Fear That Their Charges
Will Be Quietly Side
tracked-
When Secret Service Agent Browne was
met recently by Messrs. Krlgbaum and
Tarpey and confronted by them with
charges of having wrecked a bank. Bold
valueless stock and similar deviations
from the path of righteousness he waved
them aside with the expression, "Well,
gentlemen, you will find that you have
bumped up against a brick wall."
An investigation Into that gentleman's
relations with the heads of the depart
ment shows that the wall is a very strong
or.) and unusually high. In fact, Mr.
Browne and his brother, Clarence Brune,
appear to be members of a clan held to
gether by bonds stronger perhaps than
blood relationship.
Browne^ great friend at Washington is
Frank A. "Vanderlip, Assistant Secretary
of the Treasury, and it is said that he is
an uncle of the illustrious secret service
agent of this district. Mr. Vanderlip oc
cupies half of Lyman D. Gage's desk, and
all correspondence passes through Van
derlip'B hands before Gage has an oppor
tunity to see it. Of course, Vanderlip will
have the first look at the charges brought
against Browne and Brune, and interested
parties are anxiously waiting to see what
he will do with them.
Another friend at court is John E.
Wilkie, who recently succeeded William
P. Hazon as Chief of the Secret Service
Department. Browne, Brune, Vanderlip
and Wilkie were close friends in Chicago
before they got their fingers in the Fed
eral Department. Vanderlip a newspaper
man, was close to Lyman D. Gage, and
secured the appointment as his secretary
Then the combination began to work. It
was suddenly discovered that Hasen was
inefficient, and he was removed to make
way for Wilkie. Clarence Brune. one
time cashier of the Moscow National
Bank, was railroaded into the bond de- ',
partment. N. R. Harris*, secret service !
agent for the California division, was
suddenly informed that his office was de
clared vacant and that he would be suc
ceeded by Sprague, who was given a
ninety days' appointment. At the close
of Sprague's ninety days Browne ap-
Reared with his credentials and took
charge of the office.
Sufferers from the failure of the Mos- j
cow National Bank learned of Browne's <
presence in this city, and immediately i
made charges against him, only to find |
to their dismay that the charges had to
be presented to his bosom friend— a man
with sufficient "pull" to lop off the head
of any Federal official who attempts to :
press 'the charges home, and to be in- 1
formed by Browne himself that they were j
"bumping up against a stone wail."
A SOLDIER IN DISGRACE.
Edward Montgomery of the Califor-
nia Artillery Convicted of
Begging.
Edward Montgomery, a private in Bat
tery D, California Artillery, was con
victed by Judge Conlan yesterday on a
charge of begging, and was remanded
into the custody of the military author
ities.
Montgomery was recently granted a
furlough of fourteen days to enable him
to go East. Instead of doing so he re
mained In the city and begged money
from respectable people at the ferry de
§ot. He was watched for several days
y Policeman Dowd and finally arrested.
The Judge in convicting Montgomery
remarked that he regretted very much
that any one wearing a soldier's uniform
should have descended so low as to be
come a common beggar, degrading not
only himself but his comrades, and he
hoped the military authorities would se
verely deal with mm.
Montgomery is not a native son. but
belongs to tne East, and enlisted here
in the artillery-
JAMES G. FAIR'S ESTATE.
First National Banfc Makes Applica-
tion for a Partial Distri
bution.
The First National Bank of this city
has made an application to the Superior
Court for the partial distribution of thfi
estate of the late James O. Fair. The !
bank is at present assignee of -a* number ,
of the legatees ■ and devisees of the es- i
tate, and seeks to have the estate dis
tributed that the long standing claims may
be adjusted and the property turned over
to the beneficiaries. Attorneys Mitchell
and McEnerney represented the estate
when the application was made - yester
day. Several witnesses cognizant of the
facts surrounding the application of the '
bank for the partial distribution of the
estate were put on the stand. There was
no opposition to the application and it
was submitted. An opinion will be hand
ed down in a few days.
■ » ■
Horses Driven to Death.
Two cases of driving horses to death
have been called to the attention of the
officers of the Society for the Prevention
of Cruelty to Animals. One is that of
Tom Johnson, third officer of the steamer
City of Peking. He hired a double team ;
and rockaway from the Comstock Stables,
at 624 Third "street, and drove down the
country. On the way back one of the ani
mals died from exhaustion from over
driving and the other was dragged back
to Fo'.som and Twenty-fourth streets by
a fresh animal. It, too, died while being
taken in the society's ambulance to the
hospital for sick horses.
The other case is that of two young
men working for George Coswell of 415
Sacramento street. They hired a single
rig at 527 Jessie street and drove to San
Mateo. The poor beast died soon after re
turning to the stables, and Dr. Creely. the
veterinary surgeon, stated that the horse
had been driven to death. Secretary Hol
brook wishes the owners of the horses to
have the offenders arrested for cruelty
to animals.
■ ♦ «
Trades Union News.
The Shipwrights' Union has been com
plaining lately that members of the
Brotherhood of Carpenters and joiners
have lately been doing shipwrights' work
at a scale below that fixed by the Ship
wrights' Union. The matter was fully In
vestigated by the unions, which met last
night, and it was ascertained that none of
the men complained of were members In
food standing of the brotherhood. An ef
ort will be made to make a compromise
whereby "house carpenters" will be al
lowed to do ship carpentry without com
ing into conflict with the Ship Carpen
ters' Union.
At the meeting of Carpenters' Union No.
483 last night nve new members were
elected ana one application for member-
Bhip was received. The union will hold a
"smoker" next Monday for members and
friends.
The members of the Carpenters' Dis
trict Council will visit Latin Union No. 95
in a body to-night. The members of 95
have prepared a good programme, includ
ing a good quantity of seductive "wet
goods" for the delectation of their fellow
workmen.
Testimonial to the Ladies.
The committee charged with the ar
rangements for the ball and reception ten
dered to the ladies who have aided In
making the Irish Fair a success has com
pleted Its plans. A large orchestra has
been engaged and Mechanics' Pavilion
secured for the occasion.
Many novel features for the entertain
ment of the guesta of the evening have
been provided, and the event will be a fit
ting termination to an enterprise which
has required a vast amount of energy and
effort on the part of those who have had
its interests at heart.
The date has not been definitely fixed
and will be announced later.
Trouble Over a Trench.
Terence O'Neill, who lives on the Col
lege Homestead east ol the Mission road,
swore to a complaint In Judge Mogann
court yesterday for the arrest of Owen
Flatley, a neighbor, on the charge of as
sault with a deadly weapon. Septembej
8 he was digging a trench near his house
when Flatley interfered and hit him on
the head with a piece of lead pipe, nearly
fracturing his skull. He has been under
the care of a doctor since then.
Received Congratulations.
Harry Rivers, clerk of Jin."-e Conlan'a
court, was the recipient of numerous con
gratulations from his friends yesterday,
when It became known that he was the
happy father of a bouncing baby girl.
Harry has been married for over four
years and the advent of the little stran
ger Sunday morning was the crowning
point to the happiness of himself and
wife.
Register Printing Contract.
The- Board of Election Commlsslo
held a meeting yesterday and awarded the
contract for printing: the precinct regis
ters to the Commercial Publishing Com
pany at its bid of H l^ cents per name.
There were twelve bidders, who offered
to do the work at prices ranging from
29 cents downward to the accepted bid.
As there are 62,000 names to be printed,
the Job will cost $8990.
Bachman Pleads Guilty.
John E. Bcchman, the defaulting treas
urer of the San Francisco Grutli Verein,
pleaded guilty to felony embezzlement In
Judge Wallace's court yesterday. He will
be sentenced Friday.
Broke a Leg.
Louis Cervantes, a 12-year-old boy liv
ing at 324 Francisco street, fell from a
woodpile yesterday afternoon and broke
his right leg. The limb was set at the
Harbor Hospital.
MURDERED BY THIEVES.
Fate of Two Michingan Men Who
Went to Alaska for Gold.
NILES, Mich., Sept. 12.— Joseph and
Morton H. Marshall of Otsego, who went
to Alaska last February, have been mur
dered by thieves. A letter received from
a friend of the men Btatea that their
bodies were found in their mining shanty
on Copper River.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Sept. 12.— Pensions
have been granted aa follows; California:
Original— Benjamin V. Sharp, Stanford,
$6; Ela Mitchell. Garden Grove, $6. Rela-
BUe _Special September 1. Peter W.
Hughes, Claremont, $6. Mexican War
Swallowed a Needle and Died.
A tailor In Chicago accidentally swallowed
a needle and died as a result of the inflam
mation set up by the small needle. Little
things frequently have great power, as Is seen
In a few small doses of the ramnus Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters, which, however, has an en
tirely different effect from the needle in this
notice. The Bitters make nervous, weak and
sickly persons strong and well again. They are
also good for dyspepsia and constipation.
survivors— lncrease. William J. W. Hub
bell, Auburn, $8 to $12.
Oregon: Original— Frank M. Bradford,
Antelope. JS.
/ rr>^ T)r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JLry(3Z*Ms 625 KEARXT ST. Establlshpd
RH^JP«aS in 1854 for the treatment of Private
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
625 KKABKT NT. Established
In 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
■HkbA disease wearing on bodyand mind and
%WJB??BnH Skin Diseases. The doctorcures when
oBS^HaM others fall. Try him. Charges low
SmUbSBbH CarniHaranlrrd. Callorwrito.
Or. J. *'. UIBBO.V Box 1937. San Francisco.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD,
Via Sausalito Ferry. '
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VAL.LEY
,-.'■:.■■ AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— »7:2O. »9:CO. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45.
8:45, 6:15, »«:OC, 6:30 p. m. .
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11: JO p. m.
SUNDAYS— »10:00. '11:30 a. m.:. *1:15.
3:00, *4:30, 8:15 p. m.v; •.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln. •
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5.-25. *«:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m. ;
•12:20. 2:20. •3:4.'-, 6:05 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturday at 6:40 p. ra.
SUNDAYS— »B:CO, '10:00. -11:55 a. m.:' *1:15.
•3:10. 4:40. *6:20 p.- m. ■■■--
Trains marked • start from San Quentin.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 9:4S. 1:45. 7:65. 9:40 a. m.; 1»:J5.
2:45,-3:60. 5:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 10:05 a. m. 12:05. 1:20. 3:20.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way Fta'ns.
1:45 p.' m Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
£: a. m. — Duncan Mills and way sta's.
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OT CALIFORNIA,
EXKCUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO. July 30th, IS9B,
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State ot
California, at lta thirty-second session hpsln-
alng on the fourth dmy of January', A. D. li? 7,
two-thirds cf all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution ot tns
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONH.
(Being Seoate Constitutional Amendment Na,
A resolution to propose to the people of th«
■tute of California, an amendment to section
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it la proposed to amend said section to
read as follows'
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability In any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding in any year
the Income and revenue provided for It for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the Interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
*ame; provided, however, that th» City ana
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth f..°cal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years; pro-
Tided, that <my and all claims for making. r«-
fialrlng, altering or for any work done upon or
or any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, "court, place or eldewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Yallejo, In Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing Indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its wstcr works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO. . t ..
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
10.)
A resolution proposing ' to the people of • the
State of California ■an amendment • t . the Con-
stitution of the State, • by adding a new sec-
tion, to be known and -designated aa section
seven and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
Tiding for the' framing by the Inhabitants of
counties of local county • government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section 7%, The' lnhabitants of any county
m*y frame a county government act for their
own ' government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent' with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the- Board of Supervisors or other < legisla-
tive body of such -county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
shall then be published In two papers of gen-
eral circulation. In such county, . or If there be
rot two such papers, then In one only, for at
least twenty days, . and within : not less than
thirty days after such publication It shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a genera! or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same. It shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for Its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without '
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and fhall. in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government ' act, and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
setting forth the submission of such county
government act to the electors, and. Its ratifica-
tion by them, shall be made In duplicate and
deposited, one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded In the
office' of the Recorder of Deeds In the county,
among the archives of the county. : • .■;■•.
* All courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
The county government . act so ratified may be
amended at intervals of not. less than two
years by ' proposals therefor, submitted by the
legislative authority of the . county, to . the
qualified electors thereof, -at a general or spe-
cial election held at least forty days after the
publication of such proposals for twenty days
in » newspaper of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the auallfled electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the' approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may; be
presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
• Ct lt"shall tx> competent In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
this section, to provide for the manner in
which the times at which, and the terms for
which' the several township and county officers!
Tther than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
he elected or appointed; for their compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or segregation of offices, for the
number of deputies that each officer shall have
nnd for the compensation payable to each of
Such deputies." for the manner In which, the
times in which, and the terms for which the
members of all boards of election shall be
iie-ted or appointed and. for the constitution.
rotation compensation and government • of
euch boards, and. of their clerks and- attaches;
«l«o to prescribe the manner and method by
which all elections by. the people shall be con-
ducted • and may (In addition determine . the
tests and conditions « upon which electors, po-
litical " parties and ; organisations . may partici-
pate in any primary election . ■
Whenever any county has, In the manner
and method . herein pointed out adopted ; any
county government • act. and • the , same shall
have been approved by the Legislature as
«f«V»«aid the direction of sections four and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
of a system of county governments ' throughout
the State, and llkewlscproviding for the eleo,
ton and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their . compensation. .shall not , apply.
Raid county government act shall, as to any of
the matters herelnabove provided for and , de-
clared by such county : government act.-: not ; be
subject to any law or amendment enacted by
The T»rl§latur» except by amendment :; first
wbmltted to : the electors and ratified In the
manner herelnabove : . set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE. '"'_'
(Being - Senate - Constitutional Amendment . No.
44. )
' A resolution proposing to -. the people of i the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new section,
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby providing for the
organisation of ft court, to be : known as the
Court of Claims. The said proposed new sec-
tion to read as follows: ■ - ■ ../ <
• Section 5V4. The Court of Claims shall con-
sist of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular terms thereof .'.The , Court
of Claims ! shall have exclusive Jurisdiction . to
hear - and ; determine , all • claims *of : every * kind
and - character against • the ■ State.'- under : such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
Us Judgment thereon shall be final. - The terms
of i. the Court iof Claims shall b« held as , fol-
lower ■■ '-'■;:-■■-■ - : ." r*-~\ ■ •■" ~- " ' ■"' ■ ■■>/j\
i-" In • the City of Lob Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of March; «?■'.-. = ::;-;?' =
•- In * the City and County •of Ban '<■• Francisco,
. commencing -on the . second - Monday.. In July,
and *■■: -'-■ •-■■■.•: i-::'- -■:-■:----'.: .... ■--■•:. - : .^ :
s In • the City of Sacramento. ■ commencing en
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
Santa Fe Route
j^ THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
|B«»py Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Care
- and Pullman Tourist 'Sleeping Car*
Run ob the Following Time i '
•jeave Ban Francisco. 4: Bo p. m., & M.T.'W.T.F.B.
Arrive Denver ;...;.. 6:00 p. m..,W,T.F.5.8.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.5.8.M.T..W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:16 p. m., T.F.S.B.M.T.Vv".
Arrive Chlcafco 1:00 p. m., T.F.8.8.M.T.W.
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Servo 6tspcrior Meal* at Vary Bu««aj*
able Rates. ' ■ .
yot; WILL BE COMFORTABLE
! If You Travel on the Santa IN*
(II FBAICISCi tICHET-OFF.CE— M\ MABUI SI
TELEPHONE MAIN 1631.
ftkland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento 231 r J Street :} '.■>■ '-
_JJ*a_JoB« Offioe-7-7 West Santa Olara 8V
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
<Vla SausalltO' Ferry.) : '
Leave San Francisco, - commencing Sunday,
Sept. 11, 1838: ' "• " .V
week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m..
Sundays— B :Co, 10:00. 11:80 a. m., 1:15 p, m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 81. ■ "•
I THOS. COOK & SON, Agents, 621 Market
| street, San Francisco.
The jSd«A o J?i2? y -? f Nov ember of each year,
recelv* ? n« h ? !d!n * ™ eh term of court shall
shaH r P^?v eX .l ra « ■ com therefor, but
mi? \t tifi * their -actual expenses, to be pail
The t,LuiJ! enera L ,Un<l, Un<1 of .'the .'State treasury,
to » or^.i« tare Bha enact all Jaws necessary
c?dSrTih£. such court, to provide the "pro-
Sf d h?« cc l ;!o O n. and tO Ca " y OUt the Provision.
..•■■•; AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. -.-* " ■"■■"■ No. 37.) ' ' "
SfXt/'n? £"{!? ' tO . pr °P° Ec to the ■ people of " the i
«it«.i«- ? f orn a "» amendment t; the Con-
!l! l " Jt '" n of the State, amending article ele en. I
« «^ti nBr a new B * rtlon thereto. . to be known ■
?. U ?. ber "ye an one-half, relating ta ;
consolidated city and county governments. The !
r-*?. lo^, 6 / n l. w sect '°n to read as follows: i
Section M .The provisions of sectl at fouf 1
fill ?J2 ° f th!s artlcle BhaU not < nor shall any !
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government, j
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall '
nave become, or shall become, organized under '
2iffcV on # a n ' or secure • charter under sectloa
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being. Assembly "Constitutional "Amendment i
.."• '. . N0. :, 38.) <'.- ,
st« *."«? 0 ,?. t0 .1. 1 " o**"0 **" to ■. the ' people of the i
flff.' California an amendment .of section I
r-™ m il.i 1 . sect ' on «»xteen of article five of the ;
Swhif 1 . 011 of th State of California, by !
which It Is proposed to amend eaid •ectlons ta
read as follows; -. ~, .
-i^i 011 A xx ' le utenant Governor shall be '
elected at the same time and place and in the
same manner as the Governor. . and his term of
ornce and his qualifications shall be the same. -
He shall be president of the. Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein. ,
♦»,« £ tlon 18 -' In case of the impeachment of
in»K?i?^T or^. or v. nlB removal from office, death. ;
Inability to -discharge the powers. and duties of '
his f office, resignation or absence from the
Mate, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the '
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be :
impeached displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
m . p ore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
i. ,T ; ac nc In the orflce of Governor shall i
be filled at the next general election whea i
members of the Legislature, shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. in case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and -neither; the Lieutenant- Governor
nor the . president • pro -. tempers :of th^ Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the -powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker or the As-
sembly, until the office of . Governor shall be
filled at such general election. .■ - .- •
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 28.)
A resolution to propose to the people of tha
State of California an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which It is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
Mfd. schools, evening schools normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by municipal or district
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary ar.d grammar schools. Gramma*
schools shall include Bchools organised In a
school district, or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand Inhabitants la
which a course of study shall be taught which
will prepare pupil's to enter the agricultural
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California,
. : AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional ! Amendment
* No. 84.") ', " ■
' A resolution to propose to the people ! of the
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: " ." , •;...'..,.,
Section 2. The sessions .' of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on
the first Monday after the first day of. January
next succeeding the election of its members
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
In the interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session : for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. * If the two houses fall to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, th« Governor shall, by proclamation
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature . shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy-five days, and
no bill shall.be Introduced In. either house ex-
cept, at the first twenty-five days of the session
without the consent of three-fourths of. the
members thereof. . — . .
NOW, THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the-
State of California, to the qualified electors for
their approval," approved March 7. A. D. 1883,
the above-described ■ proposed amendments ■ are
hereby published and advertised to be • voted
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on .. ;• ■ • ,
TUESDAY, > NOVEMBER I. A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows: -.'- .- ■""■-,.-•■ .. : - '■■.-.-. "V '- • "-"' ■'■:-:: ,
Each ballot used at such election must con- :
tain written or printed, thereon the following
words, whereupon the voter may express his
choice as provided by law: ,"  .
Amendment Number ' One," being Senate f
Constitutional • Amendment No. 41
. (exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San -Francisco, and .-
the existing i Indebtedness of the City Tea '■
of Vallejo for the construction 'of Its- ' ■
water works - from the provisions •of No
the Constitution requiring such claims
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In. which they were
Incurred). , - • ,...,, '
For the Amendment? : - : -I'-.
Amendment Number Two, 1 being Senate f
: Constitutional r Amendment. No. ■ 10 . Tea ' '
(providing for framing local county { — _
government "acts by inhabitants of 'No
counties for their government). ■ .-'••
For the Amendment? ~ , ' I
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
■ate 'Constitutional.- Amendment No.
44 (providing for " the creation of a' : "
■ Court of Claims to determine claims 'sTet!
against the State, and to -consist of - - '
three Superior ; Judges" designated Hy '' jsf a <
the Governor to serve without, extra U'.',--
compensation). :' ■ ■ - ■ • '
For the Amendment? ._...... ._ -. {_',
Amendment Number Pour, being As- f
... sembly • Constitutional Amendment
No. '87 (exempting consolidated cities Tea
and counties, organized or to be or-- . .
-• ganlzed, or holding a charter un- ' No
• der the Constitution, from certain let*- ' ■
islation .In relation to counties). -'
For the Amendment? ' ['
Amendment ; Number . Five, : . being . A«- f
■ sembly Constitutional Amendment "
No. 86 (relating to office of Governor, .'» Tea
providing for . succession thereto ■in — _
certain cases and removing disability >,•« I
• of Lieutenant Governor from holding ..
other office during term). .
For the Amendment? . 1." .".".
Amendment Number Six. being Assam- t ■-
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Tea '
(relating to and ■' denning : Grammar -^— — . ;
Schools). - : I ;-■: ' ■ \- - - . jt m '
For the Amendment? ' \
Amendment ' Number Seven, being As- f *':'
i sembly Constitutional > . Amendment
; No. 84 (providing for adjournment of Tea '
Legislature for not ■ less ..than thirty- -*' j. i.
v ; nor more than sixty days ' during each *" \Na
'• session). "-. ' '. m > . . !
:. -. For the Amendment? \ '. ," ' '*. '; v j,' : ".-
:* Witness ray hand and the Great 'Seal of the
State of : California, the day and - year ' herein
first above written. -■><■■ , V - ;:''..■■■-< -
..... .. • JAMES H. ; BUDD, Governor.
' Attest: L. H. BROWS. Secretary of State.
* iori A liiJ * .'*■-■■■-■ . ■
AUCTION SALES.
NOTICE OF ADMINISTRATOR'S SALE!
The undersigned, special ; administrator ol
the estate of Martin Meyerhof, deceased, will,
in pursuance of an order of the Superior Court .
of the City and. County of San Francisco, duly
made and entered in the matter of the Bald
estate, sell, at private pale for cash in United
States gold coin, on Thursday, the loth day ol
September, IS9S, at Twelve o'clock Noon, at
his office hereinafter described, subject to
confirmation by the said Superior Court, all.
the right, title and interest of said Martin
Meyerhof, deceased, in and to the f ollowir.'
described property, to wit:
(1) : A certain grocery and liquor business
and a stock of wines, liquors and groceries as
now contained in and upon the premises situ-
ated at the southeast corner of Geary and Ma-
son streets, San Francisco, California, and be-
ing th'» business formerly conducted by the said
decedent.
>, Together with a certain lease of the said
premises, which lease is recorded In the office
of : the County Recorder of said City and
County of San Francisco, in Liber 91 ol
Leases, page 1?. - - -
(2) ■ A certain lease of the premises situ-
ated at the. northeast corner i f Geary and Ma-
son streets, in said San Francisco. California.
which said lease Is of record in the. office at
the raid County Recorder of the City and
County of San. Francisco, in Volume 106 cl
Leases, page 84. \ . : '
Bids for said property must be in writing,
and . may be left at the office of A. C.
FREESE. room 35, Chronicle building, north-
east corner of ■■ Geary and Kearny streets. in
said City and County of San Francisco. %
Ten per cent of bid to be deposited with the
undersigned at time of making bid. An in-
ventory of Bald property may be examined at
the office of said A. C. FREESE. . -
Said property will be sold in sepa-ate par-
cels as above described marked 1 and 2.
A. C. FREESE.
Special Administrator of the estate of Martin
Meyerhof. deceased.
Dated September- 10. ivy
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
• SOUTH KHN I»A CIVIC COMPACT.
(PACIFIC SV'KTBU.)
Train* lent* r. ml me •In** in nrrlva at
HAN IK A *<!*««».
-*. (Main Live, Foot of .Markut^treet.)
I.BAVB . — From July 10. 1898. — AK»nr«
•O:OOa Nilee, Sau Jose and Way Stations... •*:*& \
"jOO.v Hejiicin, fiiiimiM »nd a»craaiento.... 10:43 a
' 7 sou a MRrjßvil'.e, Orjvillound Redding ria „ - '
Woodland .....;.......... Bt4»p
7:O(»v Klmira, Vaoaville and Rumsey 8:43*
7 situ a Martinez, Sim: lUraon, Vallejo. Napa, -
CalisUwa anil Sauta Rosa... " •ilUr ■
B>OOa Atlantic Kxpress, Og.lon and Kasi.. Bi43r
«i:ioa San Jose. Kluoktou, Valley Spring,
. . lone. Sacramento, Marjarllle,
.. Chico. Tehama and Re* 81uff.... ««|l>*
M;3Oa Peters, Oakd&le and Jamestown.... 7il3p
•Bi3Oa Milton ."..... •7t15»
O:OOa New Orleans I'ipres.i. Merced, Fres-
' '- :• ".-• no, Uakprs:' i'l.l, SanU Kurbara,
J«a AiiKvles, Deroins. » V—a. ' '
New Orleans and East «i4Hf
10:00 a. VtUeJo, Martinez and Way Station* 7:43r
" *l:OOp Sacramento ltlver Steamers •8:OO»
San Jose, Niks and Way Button*... JU:J»*
StOOp LlTermors, Mendota, Uanford and
Visalia 4»lSi
....... Liverinore, San Jose, Kiles and Way
Stations! ..;. :»wtl»A.
. , 4>9op Martiusr., Han Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Ca'isioga, Xl Verano aud
Santa Itota tilS*
4ioor Benicia, Vacavllle, Woo ' Hand, ,-M
Knights Landing. MaryiTille, Oro- t>
Tille andNacraiueiito.... laTia*.
««BOp Nile*. San Jose, Tracy and Stockton 7il»r
. 4:»O? Stockton and Lodi I»il3»
•:BOr Laturop, Modesto, Merced, Fre«tK>, '
■ Mi Jive, Sauta Barbara and l<o«
Aneeles. I**9a
«tS*p Martinez, Merced (Raymond for
' Yosemite) and Fresno.... 1»»I8»
4t»Op Santa I- Itonte. Atlautio press
for M«.J»ve ami M t ' «:43p
•lOap Kuropeau Mail. O«den and Hast.... »:43*
•CiOOp Vallejo 12:15p
6:OOp U»*ivar(l«. Nllt-s and San Jose ?:43a
t?:OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions ....; Jt:4i> *
StOOp Oregon Kziirris, Sacr»niei>io, Marys-
■ - tIJIo. R«d<tluc I'urt.aiKl, Fugei .
Boi-:iclaml Kut fltlßa.
' SAN LKIM»HU AM) lI A Ii WARDS LOCAL.
- ( Foot of Market Street.)
•-■ ■ -1 ■ Melro^, Srmlnarr Park, ? '»"* '
SiOOa Fitclibnr?, Klmharat, *!2 : TU a
iS'SSt HI I*»"'«ro.Soolh Ku J°||^
ill'iMA lj»ndro, bt.dUlo, JJlJ'^
tlst:OOM ' lioren io, Cherry • i1:4.1p
<sto«p and J2:43p
3:0 Or ■ Hajrwards. (3:43r
7:0 Op I Buns through tc Nile*. ?<43*
' ) X From Klles. I '-'■ •-•■■■ :;
. COAST Division (Narrow Gauge).
*"* (Foot of Market Street.)
- t?t43A Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations t*»**»
■ ; Newark, San Jose.Felton.
. . • Boulder Creek, Santa Crux and Way
Stations..... »»3C»
. ■SllSr Newark, Centerrille, San Jose, New
.- ', Almaden, el ton. Boulder Creek,
■J~ _V Santa Cruz and .Principal Way •
:•'- . " Stations.... .'..... »I»i3«\
.' 4il(lp Baa Jose, Qlenwood A War Station* 0:80 a.
•4>lBp Boulder Creek and SaaU Crux...... j»:2oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from 811 mKCISCO— tooI «f Mirk.t Stritt (Slip 8)—
. •7:15 9:00 11:00 a. U. $1:09 *8:00 t>:08
M:00 ..: 18:00 *0:03r.M.
rrtßOllUlV— FHttrßroadviT.— *6:o« 840 10:00 i.M.
t»:00 »I:00 ta:OO «3:00 ti:QB •B:QJf.M.
COAST IMTISION (Broad Ougt),
(Third and Townsend Bts.) ■
•7i«Oa San .Tone ami W»y SUtlons (New
Alajaden Wednetdays 0n1y). ...... li3op
{7:SOa Sunday Excursion for Ban Jose.
" Banta Cruz, Paclflo " Grove ana
' Principal Way 5tati0n5............. t*«SSp
- •iOOa Ban .lone. Tres Pinoe Ranta Cnu,
Pacific Grove, Paso Rubles, Sao
Luis Olilspn, Guadalupe, Surf aud
• ' :-• Principal Way Stations..... 4il6r
. lOi4Oa San Jose and Way buttons •M:OOa
11(30a Ban Jose and Way Stations •8:85*.
*3i43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park. :
' Palo Alto. Santa Clara, Baa Jos«,
Gilroy, HoUister, Santo Orua,
"•••-. Salinas, Monterey aud PaoiCe
■ ■ Grove.... •H»ilt(li
•S:8»p San Jose and Way Stations.-... ....•., »1»:ooa.
•4:15r Ban Joaeand Principal Way Stations »:4Ra
*3:00f San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:35 a
3:30p San Jo»e and Principal Way Station* 5: Sup
' 8:3 Op Ban Joae aud Way Stations 7:3Mp
| t»li4sp San Jose and Way 5tati0n5......... 7:: tor
" A for Morning. P for Afternoon. ~
• Sundays excepted. I Sundays only, t Saturdays only
: 1 8nadays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
CAR FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
. Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St.
SAN . FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEU .
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 3:00, J1:CO a. m.; U:JS.
t:JO, 6:10. 1:10 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trio
, at U:M p. m. Saturdays— trips at l:M
and ll:aT p. m. ,
erJNDAYS-8:00. »:». 11:09 a. m.; 1:«», I:M.
' 1:00, 6:20 p. m.
■ I'- • BAN HAFAEIj TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 7:60, 9: 20, 11:10 a. m.; U:ts,
1:40, 5:10 p. m, Bat urdays— trip* at
1:66 and C:35 p. m.
BUNDAYS— B:IO. »:«, 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 5:40.
1:00, 6:36 p. m.
, Between San Francisco and ScAuetzea Park
same schedule aa above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
■ ;, June 29. —
Week I Son-. 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. . Destination. | days. | Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am ' Norato, 110:40 ami 8:40 ana
1:80 9:30 am Petaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
i:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. I 7:&pm| 6:2lpm
■■ -. ' 7. ~ / Fulton, . . -- . . .-.:■'
f:«oam ' Windsor, U:Saos
.'" Hedldsburs;.
• Lytton. -
■- -•-"- O*yservllle,
1:80 pin 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:85 pm 6:23 pn
7:£Cam| "I Bupland and 1 - 110:25 am
8:»0pm| B:ooani| Uklah. ■. ( 7:85 pml «:i2pia
: TJOaml ,-. : . 10:2 Sam
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pmj
I:»0pm| ■ - .' [ 6:2lpm
7:3oam 8:00 am Sonoma 110:40 am 3:4o am,
and ;.-v
I 1:10pm s:oopm Glen Ellen, ft :10pm 6:22pra
! . 7:30 ami E:00aml SebaatopoL 110:40 am, 10:25 am
I 1:30pm! s:oopm| ! 7:3spra| «:22pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs: at Oey-
cer.vllle for £kaggs Springs; at Cloverdalo fop
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, K»lseyvllle, ■< Carlsbad
fprlngs. Soda Bay, - Lakeport and Bartlett
prints: at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. : Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Upper
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley. John Day's. River-
side, LlerleyU. Buckneira, Sanhedrln .Heights.
! Hullvllle, Boonevt!!e. Orr's Hot Springs, Men-
doclno City, Fort Bragg, Westport. Usal."
1 Saturday to Monday round trip '• tickets at
reduced rates. 1 •;,.'.. .. ■,■
-On Sundays round trip ■ tickets to all points)
beyond San Rafael at half rates. . .
Ticket Offices. 650 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
-A. W. FOSTER. - R. X. RYAN, r ,
Pres. and Gen. "Manager. Gen. Pass. "Agent.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIB
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
I From June 1, lS&is, rains will run as follows:
I South-bound. :. ' . . .; North-bound.
i
; Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger.. Sunday Sunday ger.
| Daily. Exc'ptd - Stations. Exc'ptd Daily.
: 7:2oam 9 :oo am Stockton 3:45 pmj s:4opm
| »:10am 12:50pm Merced 12:50 pm| 3:53 pra
! 10:40 ami 3:50 pm Fresno 9:3oam 2:20 pm
i 11:35 am 6:43 pm Hanford 7:43 ami 1:25 pm
! 1:45 pm';ll , Bakersfi eld 2:3J am 10 : 15 tun
j > 12:03 pm] 7:50 pm V Vlsalia 6:40 am;l-:jj pra
i\ < Stopping at Intermediate points as required.
| ■ Connections— At Stockton ■ with ■ steamboats of
' California . Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 8
i p. m. dally, excepting Sunday from San Fran-
cisco: at Merced with ? stages ■ to '. and from
I Snellings, Coulterville. -'.Tosemlte," . etc.; : also
■with stage -, from Hornitos, Mariposa. etc. ; .. at
1 Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera.
910
CHIEF LEES
NOT READY
TO PROCEED
Asks for More Time
in the Botkin Case.
THE HEARING TO GO OVER
GOVERNOR BUDD WILL HEAR
AFFIDAVITS THURSDAY.
Has Selected the Maple Room of the
Palace Hotel for the Pur
pose of Holding th»
Hearing.
Governor Budd will not pass upon the
matter of the extradition of Mrs. Cordelia
Botkln this morning. The chief executive
of the State was ready to receive the pa
pers upon which he must pass, but Chief
of Police Lees was not prepared in the
matter, and asked that the proceedings
go over until, a later date.
He thought that the mass of affidavits,
which he has collected in this city, and
which are supplemental to those sent
from Delaware, would be ready for pre
sentation to-morrow. This was not sat
isfactory to Governor Budd. Some time
since he set aside that day for a confer
ence at Sacramento with the directors of
the various insane asylums throughout
the State. Men will be present from the
many public institutions, and the Gover
nor declined to change plans formulated
for the meeting with them, thus putting
them to much inconvenience. It was then
determined to set the hearing for Thurs
day morning at 10 o'clock. In keeping
with his determination to make the in
quiry a public one, Governor Budd an
nounced that he had selected the Maple
Room of the Palace . Hotel as the place
at which he would receive the affidavits
upon which the extradition proceedings
are based.
Chit Lees is resorting to every arti
fice to get certain evidence before Gover
nor Buad. He fears that he will not have
the right to present witnesses at the in
quiry and fears that his case against Mrs.
Botkin may thus be weakened.
Governor Budd is not sitting as a com
mitting magistrate and therefore cannot
hear evidence as to the innocence or guilt
of th<? party accused. He is acting in his
official capacity of chief executive of this
State and can only pass upon two ques
tions:
Is Mrs. Botkin a fugitive from justice?
Can she be extradited and sent to Dela
ware?
Chief Lees, suspecting: that he will not
have the right to present witnesses, i..is
found a way to -lace this evidence before
the Governor. It is understood to be his
plan to incorporate with the original ex
tradition papers all the affidavits bear-
Ing upon tiie case that have been collected
In this State. These will include all the
depositions regarding Mrs. Botkln's life
here, together with all the information
collected by the police as to the purchase
of candy and of arsenic. By riling all this
mass of testamentary evidence with Gov
ernor Budd Lees hopes that it will have
as much effect as if the witnesses were
present.
It is believed that all this precaution
has been labor thrown away and that it
will have no weight in the disposition of
the case. It seems useless, because even
If the woman now held on the terrible
charge had confessed her guilt to Lees
such evidence would not be admissible
at these proceedings. The Governor's
duty in the premises is merely to receive
and pass upon a request from the Gov
ernor of Delaware, who asks that a
woman now In this State be extradited
for an offense alleged to have been com
mitted in Delaware. Thus he has but the
simple duty to perform— first, to deter
mine whether she is a fugitive and, sec
ond, whether he shall order her extra
dition upon the showing made by the au
thorities of Delaware.
"Upon a request by telephone. I met
Governor Budd this morning for the first
time since the Botkin case opened," said
Chief Lees yesterday. "Through the
newspapers he had heard that we pro
posed to lay before him Governor Tun
nel! request for the extradition of Mrs.
Cordelia Botkin and the evidence that we
have gathered, and it was with regard to
this that he wished to talk.
"He informed me that If I could be
ready by Tuesday morning he would be
willing to listen to our case then, but
that unless we were he would be obliged
to put it over until Thursday.
"As there are still some matters we
must arrange, I told him that I could
not possibly turn our case over to him
until Tuesday afternoon at the earliest,
bo he set Thursday morning as the date.
"I asked him why Wednesday would
not do as well, and he explained that
State matters of importance would re
quire his presence in Sacramento on that
day. He will take the late train Tues
day evening for the Capital and will re
turn by the last train Wednesday night.
If possible I shall deliver the papers to
him just before he leaves."
Speaking of the case generally Chief
Lees continued: "Those who look for
something sensational in the affidavit of
John P. Dunning will be disappointed.
It is not of the importance that has been
attached to it. In fact, I have several
from other sources that are of far more
Importance and Interest to our case. The
additional affidavits from Delaware ar
rived to-day, but until they have gone
Into the hands of the Governor I must
decline to make them public."
Attorney Wheeler of Humboldt County
is chafing under the delay which has
characterized Chief Lees' preparation of
the case against Mrs. Botkin. He came
to this city at the Instance of her friends.
and will play an important • part in the
legal struggle which must ensue before
the end of the case is reached.
The attorneys for the defense were not
perturbed over the story published yes
terday to the effect that a seal and string
from Haas' candy store had been found
in the room formerly occupied by Mrs.
Botkin. They characterized It as a bold
fake, claiming It had no bearing on the
case of their client. Since she gave up
her apartment on August 4 the room has
been thoroughly cleansed twice, and has
been 6ccupied by a transient lodger. They
affirm that they have no fear of the out
come of the case. If Mrs. Botkin be ex
tradited on the evidence already produced
they contend that it will upset all the law
of the country-
It has not been determined as vet
whether Mrs. Botkin will attend the pro
ceedings before Governor Budd. Her
presence is not necessary, but she may
desire to hear the evidence upon which
the police expect to send her to Delaware
to stand trial on the double charge of
murder.
The defense believes that the discovery
of the half of a seal bearing the mark
of Haas on its face, has been made at a
suspiciously late date. Evidence has pre
viously been developed to show that the
mysterious purchaser of the candy wanted
the box so arranged that she could place
a present in with the candies. In view
of this It is held to be unlikely that Miss
Heney and Miss Dlttmer would place a
•waxen seal upon the knot of the string
with which the box was fastened.
— ♦ —
THF BURSTING OF
A YELLOW BUBBLE
Barnes Brands the Chronicle With
the Mark of the
Fake.
According to the statement of A. W.
Barnes, proprietor of the Hotel Victoria,
the whole absurd story which appeared in
a local paper ye: erday morning in which
It is alleged that evidence conclusive of
Mrs Botkin's guilt has been found in her
abandoned apartments at the hotel, is
proved to be a fabrication of the rankest
type.
It was alleged that on Thursday lust
Mr Barnes for the first time since Mrs.
Botkln left his hotel opened the door to
hVr apartments and there 'discovered lying
upon the floor at his feet a fancy tie
Ftrtng and seal, such as Georje Haas uses
in wrapping his bonbon packages. To lend
the semblance of Strong evidence to this
alleged discovery the statement is flatly
made that since it was abandoned by Mrs.
Botkin the rofci had been neither opened,
occupied nor cleansed and that papers and
litter of all sorts strewed the floor.
During an interview last evening Mr.
Barnes s'>oke bitterly of the animus to
ward himself that was evident throughout
the story, and took occasion to take up
each detail separately to brand it as an
exaggeration or clear-cut falsehood. Said
he:
"The statement that the room has not
been occupied since Mrs. Botkin left it is
untrue. It was occupied for three or four
days by one of the numerous transient
guests who come to us. The room has
been unlocked and open nearly all of the
time, and has twice been thoroughly
cleansed, and this prior to the discovery
of the seal that is spoken of.
"The description of that seal Is the
rankest exaggeration I ever heard of.
There were no pink and green strings,
nor «trings of any color. There was only
a fragment <if a seal and that was almost
unrecognizable as coming from Mr. Haas.
It was simply a bit of paper that could
come into the room in a dozen ways
blown in. left here by the last occupant
or dropped by one of the children. That
It wa». left there by Mrs. Botkin is more
than improbable in the light of the fact
that the room has been twice cleansed,
once occupied and always unlocked.
"I understand the reason why the story
was written. 1 know, in fact, that it was
nothing more than an attempt to injure
me. and 1 wish now to characterize the
fabrication as a lie from start to finish.
It was about as true a story as the pic
ture of me that accompanied it was a
likeness."
The statement of Mr. Barnes is authen
ticated by that of Mrs. Lauretta Simpson,
who in the same articK- Is said to have
been the companion of Mrs. Botkin in
numerous shopping tours as well as a
social intimate in the hotel.
To denounce this allegation as mali
ciously false Mrs. Simpson called upon
Chief" Lees yesterday morning and de
manded that he der.v on her behalf that
on any occasion had she been the com
panion of Mrs. Botkin. either in or out of
the hotel, and this Chief Lees did yes
terday afternoon in the presence of an
assemblage of the local newspaper repre
sentatives.
To doubly bind these combined denials
the members of the prosecution practical
ly admit that as evidence the bit of seal
round which this gaudy tale Is woven Is
scarcely admissible as evidence.
A NOTED TEACHER'S DEMISE.
Mrs. Mary Sheldon Barnes, the Pro
fessor of History at Stanford,
Passes Away in Europe.
Word was received In this city yester
day of the death of Mary Sheldon
Barnes, professor of history at Stanford
University.
Mrs. Hnrnes was the wife of Earl
Barnes the well-known lecturer and pro
fessor of education at the same institu
tion. Mrs. Barnes left the university
some few months ago on a leave of ab
sence. She was in Europe at the time of
her death, traveling wtui her husband,
whose residence .s in London. Nothing
is known here concerning the death of
Mrs. Barnes other than that she died on
August T>.
MERCED COURSING.
The Ingleside Club Will Meet on the
Plains in November.
The directors of the Ingleside Coursing
Club met last evening and decided to hold
their annual meeting on the great plains
of Merced on November 15. with nomina
tions limited to sixty-four dogs. The en
trance fee will be BS. and the nomina
tions will close on November 1. The prizes
will be S6OO, $250. $125 to third and fourth,
four of $75 and eight of $37 50.
T.adle*' tailor-made suits: latest designs; we
give credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Putter, r. 6 & 7.
ERNE-LAVIGNE
MILL PREVENTED
Erie County's Sheriff in
Evidence.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BUFFALO. Sept. 12.— The twenty
round bout for the lightweight cham
pionship of the world between Frank
Erne and Kid Lavigne that was to have
been the opening contest at the Haw
thorne Athlotic Club at Cheektowaga
to-night was stopped by Sheriff Kilgal
lon before the men came together In
the arena. A crowd of about 4000 peo
ple had gathered in the big inclosure
early In the evening.
The Sheriff and a score of deputies
were in the ring when Lon Breckwith
of Cleveland and Jack O'Donnell were
ordered on for the preliminary bout.
The Sheriff declared that he would not
permit any contest to take place.
John Wisher, attorney fcrr the town
of Cheektowaga, demanded that the
club be given the use of its property
and trie boxers were ordered to shake
hands. Before a blow could be struck
the deputies seized the boxers and
forced them to their corners and re
leased them.
Once more the boxers were told to go
on. O'Donnell rushed at Breckwith,
but the deputies again grappled with
them and for a few minutes the rin^c
was filled with struggling deputies and
fighters. Breckwith and O'Donnell were
again compelled to take their seats.
The spectators were greatly excited and
roundly denounced the action of the
Sheriff, but no open act of violence was
committed.
A long and wordy wrangle between
the Sheriff and Attorney Wisher took
place. The boxers left the ring.
Lavigne and Erne were Introduced.
The men were in their corners, but the
Sheriff could not be prevailed upon to
!»-t them get together. Finally it was
announced that the bout was off. The
club of this city declared it would
bring suit for damages. The crowd
then left the buillding. The Sheriff
did not arrest either of the principals
in the preliminary, notwithstanding
that the managers ordered them to re
sume fighting, evidently for that pur
pose.
The Corbett-McCoy contest, scheduled
for October 15, will depend upon the
result of the action brought against
the Sheriff. Kid McCoy was present
and was very much disappointed at
the result.
CHAIRMAN DAY'S
OPTIMISTIC VIEW
Thinks the Deliberations of the Peace
Commission Should Not Be
Prolonged.
NEW YORK. S«>pt 12— The Washington
correspondent of the Herald telegraphs.
"Nothing has occurred since the signing
of the protocol to embarrass the work
of the Peace Commission, or endanger
the success of peace negotiations. I do
not anticipate that the deliberations of
the Peace Commissioners will be pro
longed. It ought not take longer than
six weeks or two months to conclude a.
treaty of peace." This is the optimistic
view taken by Secretary Day. chairman
of the American Peace Commission who
returned to Washington to-day.
JAMAICAN OFFICIALS WARNED.
Anonymously Told That "hey Will
Meet the Fate of Mr. Pilo.
KINGSTON. Jamaica, Sept. 12.—Accord
ing to advices received here from Barba
does since the death of the Hon. Mr. Pilo,
Speaker of the Assembly, on September 2,
from the effects of the recent attempt to
assassinate him, the Governor and five
public officials have been anonymously
warned that a similar fate has been de
creed for them "as a reward for their op
pression."
The worst feature of the Pilo tragedy is
that the Government reward of $1000 for
information regarding the conspirators
fails to bring out their betrayal.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
MYSTERIOUS
CARD FOUND
BY A CITIZEN
The Writer Signed
Herself " Marie."
"GIVE MY LOVE TO MOTHER"
SAID SHE WOULD SEEK DEATH
IH THE BAY.
The Police Think That the Message
Is a Hoax, but Intend to
Make a Thorough
Investigation,
The police have another mystery which
they are vainly endeavoring to clear up.
Yesterday morning a citizen who was
walking along the track of the Sutro
railroad picked up a card on which was
written the following:
Dear Mother— l have been deceived long
enough by Jack and to-night at S:3O
o'clock I intend to throw myself Into the bay
near the bridge at the Cliff House. My clothes
and valuables will be found on the hill near
the Ocean House. Give them to mother. For
give me. dear mother, and God bless you.
Your loving daughter, MARIE.
P. S.— The finder of this card will kindly de
liver it to William Vorrath, 901 Point lx)bos
avenue. M.
On the reverse side of the card was
; written the following:
Before you find this card I will be on the
} other side of the river. You have fooled me
j long enough and I cannot live without you.
| You know, .Tark, you ran only love one, and be-
I cause I am not that one I am doing this rash
; act. perhaps for the better and perhaps for
the worst.
May God bless you and keep you from evil
' and I hope that some day we shall meet where
; I can have you alone. Yr.ur dear love. M. K.
P. P.— l witnt my body to be given to my
mother and tell her not to worry. Lots of love
an>J kisses. MARIE.
Who "Marie Is the police have been
unable to ascertain. According to the
statement of Mounted Patrolman Hanley,
who reported the matter to headquarters,
he was patrolling his beat on Point Lobos
avenue about 7 o'clock yesterday morn
ing when he was accosted by a citizen,
who handed him the card containing the
! supposed farewell message. Hanley
showed the card to Vorrath. whose name
was mentioned by the supposed suicide,
, but he was unable to throw any light on
the mysterious affair.
The policeman subsequently went to
, police headquarters t.nd turned the card
over to captain lichen. An examination
showed that it was in the handwriting of
a woman.
Last night two detectives visited the
place where the woman was supposed to
take the fatal leap, but after waiting for
some time for her to put in an appear
ance. th*y concluded that the message
was a hoax and returned to the city. In
quiry among the members of the life sav
ing station failed to elicit any information
which would shed any light on the mys
terious card. The police are inclined to
believe the card was dropped from a
Sutro car on Sunday. It is possible, they
think, that the woman might have gone
to the Cliff House and thrown herself
into the water unknown to the members
of the life saving crew. This is hardly
possible, however, as if she intended to
keep her word some of her wearing ap
parel would have been found on the
beach.
Vorrath, whose name is mentioned in
the card, conducts a grocery store on
Point Lobos avenue.
"I was surprised when I read the mes
sage." he remarked last night. "I know
a woman whose first name is Marie, but
she cannot be the supposed suicide, as I
met her several hours after the note was
found. I am inclined to believe that the
whole thing is a hoax, gotten up by some
body who wanted to have a little fun
with me. The fact that the card was
dropped contiguous to my store shows
that the writer expected that it would
fall into my hands and that I would turn
it over to the police. I have not the least
idea who the writer is, but am convinced
that the name 'Marie' is fictitious."
FOR THE PREVENTION
OF FOREST FIRES
NEW PLANS FORMED BY COM
MISSIONER HERMANN.
A Co-operation Between the Govern
ment and the Railroad Com
panies Is Suggested.
Binger Hermann, the Commissioner of
the General Land Office, arrived in this
city yes'erday from Washington. He will
return to his home in Roseburg. Oregon,
for his vacation, after spending a few
weeks in this city. Mr. Hermann's visit
California is partly for pleasure and
partly for business.
He called upon Surveyor General J. M
Gleaves and William H. Mills of the Cen- !
tral Pacific yesterday, with whom he had !
a conference on the forest question in
this State. To-day Mr. Hermann will
meet the two superintendents of forest
reservations, who are expected to arrive
in this city from Los Angeles. In regard
to the principal issues of land affairs the
Commissioner said:
'•In California there are 5. 700,000 acres
of forest reservations, which are divided
into two superintendences under the Ju
risdiction of Superintendents Xewhall and
B. F. Allen. I will consult with thf-m in
the government of the reservations which
come under their control. The subject
which will engage most of our time will
be the consideration of forest fires, which
are becoming more and more prevalent,
and which are ruining our great forest
preserves. Forest fires have given the
Land Offices more concern than any and
ail other depredations.
"T^e people of California have taken
kindly to the restrictions placed upon
them in the management of the forest
districts. The work of the Government
in regard to the forest reserves is of great
benefit to the farming ciasses. as well as
of inestimable value toward the preser
vation of the miles of forests in the
State."
The conference with William H. Mills
may result in the adoption of new meas
ures of importance by the Land Office. It
is the purpose of Commissioner Hermann
to Induce the railroad companies to co
operate with him in the formulation and
execution of a plan to protect the forests
from the ravages of fires. The details of
the plan are not yet formed, but should it
prove feasible and be carried out, a new
and more thoroughly organized force tor
the prevention of forest fires will be in
stituted, in which there will be a co-op
eration of the Government on one side and
the railroad on the other. The interests
of the railroad in the prevention of forest
tires are as great as those of the Govern
ment, as the lands through which the
roads run are lined in many places with
vast stretches of forest.
Mr. Hermann pays tribute to the work
of Tirey L. Ford when in Washington as
a representative of the Miners' Associa
tion. He said that the good work accom
plished in legislation by Congress was due
In many instances to the suggestions of
Ford, who labored unremittingly for' the
settlement of the many difficulties which
arose between the mining men and the
agriculturists of the State.
Mr. Hermann will address the members
of the Union League Club on Thursday
night.
SLASHED WITH A BAZOB
Corporal Hollingsworth, Washington
Volunteers, Injured in a Bow.
There was a lively "scrap" in Pete
Dorcey's saloon on Mason street last
night which terminated in Corporal Hol
llngsworth. of Company A, Washington
Volunteers, being slashed with a razor
across the face. Holllngsworth and two
of his comrades went to the saloon, as
they heard that one of their fellow sol
diers was being 111-treated. As they en
tered the place a number of Tennessee*
soldiers jumped them and a lively fight
ensued. Hollingsworth emerged with a
deep cut across his nose, one under the
right ear and his uniform literally cut in
shreds.
During the excitement his assailant es
caped and up to midnight had not been
arrested. Hollingsworth was taken to
the Receiving Hospital.
SOLDIERS SCORED.
Colored Citizens Denounce the Mem
bers of the Tennessee Regiment.
More than seven hundred colored citi
zens assembled last night in the Third
Baptist Church for the purpose of adopt
ing resolutions anent the recent assault
by members of the Tennessee and other
regiments on Danny Thomas, the crab
vendor. Joseph E. Francis introduced A.
Dumas Jones as chairman of the meeting,
and Frank W. Jackson was elected by
acclamation to act as secretary. A com
mittee of nine was appointed to frame
resolutions, and while they were engaged
in this work short speeches were made by
I Rev. Tighiman Brown, George Dennis Jr.,
and several others.
The resolutions as reported by the com
mittee were adopted without amendment.
They set forth at length a number of in
cidents wherein colored men are alleged
to have been assaulted and grossly insulted
by members of the Tennessee Regiment
now encamped at the Prsidio. They fur
ther recite. In detail, the Thomas affair
and its culmination in a court-martial,
which Is characterized as "a farce from
beginning to end. a travesty on justice
and a disgrace to military jurisprudence.
A lieutenant who is said to have refused
to identify any of the mob that pursued
Thonrns to his home, although he ad
mined that he was present during the
whole affair, is designated as a "perjurer,
most cowardly and Infamous;" and the
officers of the Tennessee command, "with
but few exceptions," are denounced in
unmeasured terms as "accessories to the
crimes and indignities committed by the
Tennesseeans upon the colored residents
of this city."
Colonel William C. Smith, who com
mands the Tennessee volunteers, is re
ferred to in dignified terms as "that mis
erable Confederate soldier": but the open
ing paragraph of the resolution denounced
the soldiers who participated in the riot
ous proceedings as "unworthy to wear the
uniform of the T'nited States army, as
their actions savor of those of cowards,
murderers and assassins."
It was also resolved to lay the facts
before the local Grand Jury, and a com
mittee was selected to give this matter
its attention. The dally papers of this city
were thanked for the stand they have
taken, and copies of the resolutions were
ordered to be forwan.ed to President Mc-
Klnley and Secretary nf War Alger.
Indies ordering mild ■svin.-s an.l liquors have
special department and clerk. 17-year-oM port
for the feeble. Mohns & Kaltenbach. 2* Market.
Second Annual Concert.
The second annual concert of the First
Regiment. league of the Cross Band, will
be held in Metropolitan Temple next
Thursday evening. Miss Daisy Keane. W.
J. O'Brien. W. J. Hynes. Charles H.
Smith, the Cabella Quartet and other tal
ent will take part.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
S Vußcovlch. Sacto XV G Daunt & w, Cal
C M Farnsworth. Cal A Mulhern, Si Helena
B McDonald. San Jose : H Holllster. San Diego |
J C Brcwn, Vallejo X Poole. Philadelphia i
J Sorensen. L. ■ Ang L G Poole. I'hlladelph
Q Lant. Wheatland I' F Jameson, Stockton
H G Campbell. Ls Ang r C Kinsley, Pasaden
C Carpenter, Sheridan |W O'Farrell, Cazadero
* BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Alegrettl. Stockton A G Thomas. X T \
M F Elliott, Cal D M Little, Los Ang
St L Beer. USA G S Bemlor. B C
\V H Harkness, Phila Miss Elliott, N V
\V T Beach. Cleveland Miss Eddy, New York
B Fleischer, Rio Vista E S Heed. Cal
B S Bettlnger, Cal Mrs J Btltt, Uklah
M X Harris. Oakland IE H King. Cal
F M Johnson. Benlcla Dr J Thompson, Oakdle !
Dr McPike. Vallejo jF Chevalier, St Helena
B Loop, Santa Rosa l J B Porter, Salinas
L Rels. Oakland (Mrs R Rockwell, Cal
Smith. St Louis Miss X Ryan, Boston
W E Carllsher. Ariz Miss A Barclay. Boston
W Newman. Fresno Mrs F A Poland, Cal ]
Miss M Marble. N V Mrs A L Dresser, Bostn
J \V Dunne & w, N T ij G Swlnnerton, Cal
Miss Allen. San Joss - ■
PALACE HOTEL.
C A Whltlne. NY RE Philip. S Africa
H C Rowb-tham. Pa E B Smith, Chicago
E Schafter. L Ang Mrs W Kohl, S Mateo
G Rail. Grid ley ; Miss Kohl. 8 Mat-u
II Cooke. Oriaier Baron Yon Schroeder,
C W Booth, X V San Rafael
J A Lothian, L Ang Baroness Yon Schroe-
T Vignes, L Ang der, San Rafael
J X Skinner. L Ang C A Spreckels, Burlln-
J H Norton, L Xng came
Mrs Norton. L Ang Mrs C A Spreckels.
G Steams, Georgia Burlingame
Mrs Steams, Georgia G Sherwood. Phlla
W Arthelmer, Hmbrg J F Goodman, Wood-
J H Patton, Harrisbor bridge
Mrs Patton, Harrlsbrg J D Ilrlcknell. L Ang
S D Isaacs. Phila T E Brady, Montana
C A Park, London Mr* T Brady. Mont
3 C In«-ll.«. London A Steckler. X V
W McLean, London Mrs A Fteckler. X V ;
D A Act. X V I Mrs M Eckstein. X V '■
W H Lynch. Victoria IP G Morey, Portland :
R E Brown. Victoria N E Carll. Oregon
W M Stewart. Carson J P Smith. S Cruz
E H Deckle. Nevada A Veitch, Arizona
A J Marcus, Menlo ! J Bruenner. Sacto
F G Marcus. Menlo J R Mitchell. Vancvr
Mrs French; Chicago I D G French, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
'Mr* White. Jamestown Mrs J I Klncade. Or '
Mies Mayer, Jamestwn [Mrs J Gerlach. Stkn i
W L Smith. Berkeley Miss Gerlach. Stockton !
W P Thomas, I'klah Mrs Morow, Stockton j
T B Bond. Lakeport J Patton &w. Pa
F D Kuettner. Astoria H T Homer, X V
J Rummelsburg. Cal Mrs W C Swejoy, Chic
Fred Funfton. Presidio A V McNab, Ukiah
C Roraback & wf. Cal Mrs G White, Seattle [
G Peiroro. S Jose Mrs J C Nixon. Seattle •
W H Barry. Sacto W E Hal'ord, Mare Isl
C H Wente. Llvermor*- E W Price. L Ang
C F Hutchlnson. Stkn Meday Price. L Ang
H J Baker. . Colusa ■ • J S Miller, Stockton
J J Jackson, Chicago J J Hunt, NY
J Ross. Ventura I C Tlce. Cal
A Tognazzlnl, Cal J J O'Rourke, Colusa
G E Wllkins Red Bluff W E Welch. Colusa
W W Spauldlng. Or W T Folllne, 3 Jose
John Barrett. Portland H W Walker. Wllows
A J Gllespie. NY H R Sawyer, Cal
S D Isaacs, Pa 0 A Adams &w. S J
John Bcowcrfot, Ogden W H Clark. Los Ang
J Taylor & s. Victoria F J Kroft. Los Anj,
A W Plummer. Colusa E Classman, Cal
E C Sterling. Wash W Haxnltn. Boston
5 H Rice. Ukiah J F Llttlefleld. Sonora
6 Woodward & w. S I
LATE SHIPPING INTELIGENXE.
ARRIVED.
" Monday. September 1!.
Schr La Chilena, Matsen. 9 hours from Fort
Schr Sailor Boy, Peterson, 10 days from Ever-
DOMESTIC PORT.
EUREKA— Sept 12— Schr J B Leeds,
hence Peyt 4.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— SaiIed Sept 12— Stmr Pretoria,
for New York. ■ _', ■ .
LONDON— Arrived Sept 12— Stmr Maine, from
X OIBr'aLTAR— Sept 12-Stmr Fulda,
from New York. ■ _
NEW YORK— Arrived Sept Stmr Rotter
dam, from Rotterdam.
MARSEILLE?— Arrived Sept 12— Strir Aus
trian, from New York.
CAN IRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Pan Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 11 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 527 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister "street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€15 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1341 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
22C1 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
19* Eleventh street; open until » o'clock.
2326 Mission street: open until » o'clock.
KW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
street?: open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
( v ,
i CALIFORNIA Chapter No. 5. R. A. M.. • -
will meet THIS {TUESDAY) EVEN- J*
S ING. September 13. at 7:30 o'clock. R.TT
A. degree. By order of the H. P. '▼'
- FRANKLIN H. DAY. Secretary.
GOLDEN GATE Lodge No. 30. F. and • , .
; A. M.— Called meeting THIS (TOW- _J\_
DAY) EVENING, September 18, at 7:30 TLjT
o'clock. D. 2. ■'▼'
GEORGE J. HOBE, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M-. . A '
121 Eddy St.. meets THIS EVENING.
7:30 o'clock. First degree. TUT
GEORGE PENLINGTON. - Sec. /V^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. jT~
M.— First degree THIS (TUESDAY) .A,.
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Xjf
A.S. HUBBARD, Secretary. /^r>
: ■ OFFICERS and delegates Austrian 1 ~~»
Benevolent Society — Assemble at your V?B»5«
i hall TO-MORROW (WEDNESDAY). \&U&M
8 a. m. sharp, to attend funeral of fl*?BHr
! ' our deceased brother. ANTON LET- "^*** l=l
i TICH. By order M. SCANATICH. Pres.
A. CONNICH. Sec. . r , . :
: THE picnic committee of Knights of Tara will
; meet THURSDAY EVENING, K. R. B. Hall,
' to make final arrangements for our picnic at
| : Shell Mound Park on next Sunday,' the 18th. . ' j
SPECIAL NOTICES.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co.. 343 3d st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 5580.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish girl desires situation:
good cook and housewdrker; best references;
city or country. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sutter.
NEAT young German cook and housework girl
desires situation; 3 years last place; city or
country. MISS * ULLKN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl desires situation in the coun-
try; references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT second girl desires situation, $15; refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 323 Sutter st.
NEAT, reliable young German woman desires
situation as nurse, Jaundress or any kind of
work in Institution; best references. MISS
CULLEN, 320 Sutter st.
A SWEDISH second girl wishes situation;
good waitress and seamstress. MRS. NOR-
TON. 313 Sutter st.
A MIDDLE-AGED woman, good cook and
houseworker, $12 to $15. MRS. NORTON, 313
Sutter st.
COLORED girl dej-lres a situation to do cook-
ing and housework; best of references. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 318 Sutter st.
AT the German Employment Office, MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell Ft., telephone Main
5332, girls of all nationalities desire positions, i
SCOTCH girl, good cook, wishes situation.
cooking or housework; best references. Apply
MRS. HIKD. 631 Larkin st. ; tel. Sutter 52.
DRESSMAKER wishes a few more engage-
ments by the day; terms. $1 23 and car fare:
tailor-made dresses; references. 505 Jones st.
SITUATION wanted as working housekeeper
in small family; good cook; willing and oblig-
ing; good city references. Box 1235, Call.
WORKING housekeeper; good cook and laun-
drws; understands care of children; city or
country. 442 Minna, near Sixth.
REFINED German girl wishes position for
second work: thoroughly competent and can
give city reference. Call or address 1525 Pine.
WELL educated French girl desires place;
good home preferred to high wages: city or
country. Address French Girl, JO9 Pine st.
BY American woman, position as working
housekeeper; good cook; years In last place;
short distance In country; object, good home;
or In small family; car fare pair; no postals.
127 Turk st.
RESPONSIBLE woman wishes nursing In r*-
epectable family; ladies or children pre-
ferred. A«;dr.'S(> MRS. F. M. RAILTON. 30
Sliver St.. between Second and Third.
TOUNG German girl wishes to do light house-
work and he!;, v.ith children's care. Ad-
dress box 1125. Call ofG<-».
AN experienced cashier, with best of refer-
ences, wishes a position to work over lunch
hours. Box 1229. Call office
SWEDISH girl wishes situation to do cooking
or general housework In small American fam-
ily; $25; references. Call 4"H Jessie st.
A TOUNG lady, holding teachers' certificate,
wants position as governess or as compan-
ion to lady. Box 60fl, Call office.
YOUNG Irish girl d--<r-s"ltiiatlon: second work.
Call or address 27S Clara st.
! REFINED lady with a ch'.id desires position as
i working housekeeper: will try anything; must
j have position at once. Address MRS. A. D.,
1433 Mission st.
WOMAN wleheM work by tho day; washing,
cleaning or housework; £uod reference. 810
O'Farrell.
NEAT English girl wl<=h^s situation; up stairs
work and sewing. IM2 O'Farrell st.
GERMAN girl for general housework. 3604
Twentieth st.
A NEAT young girl war.ts a position for gen-
era! housework and plain cocking. Call 1051
Mission st.. bet. Sixth and Seventh.
AN intelligent French girl wants situation:
second work and seamstress or as seamstress
and lady's maid: understands duties thor-
oukHv; city or county. Call or address alter
1 o'clock. 41?H Stockton St.
2 COLORED women want work: one as first-
clays rook, other as second or house work.
Call 16oS Leav>-nworth st.
WANTED— Caw of infant where there Is no
i'th>-r work; wages $12. Address L. H., 419^j
Stockton s-t.
EXPERIENCED German nurse wishes posi-
tion as infant's nurse; city or country, wages
$20 to $25; best city references. 613'-^ Haight.
LADY deflrcs position a« housekeeper; will as-
sist with children: work must be light; wages
$12. Box 12i9. Call office.
DRBSBMAKER and seamstress, nne fitter,
sews aOc a day. M. M.. 304 Fifth St.. upstairs.
TOUNG girl would like a situation to do house-
work and plain cooking. Call at 17 Natoma
Et.. downstairs.
WOMAN wishes situation in small family to do
general housework; references given; no
cards. 310 Fell st.
FIRST-CI^AS3 French nurse; good references;
$23. Btix \2i?. Call office.
GERMAN girl wants situation; second work
and sewing; good waitress. 1022 Larkln st.
SWEDISH cirl wants work by day; plain
washing, housecleanlng, etc. 1331 Fulton st.
LADY wants a position at chamberwork and
sewing; is a first-class seamstress. Room 12.
second floor, 1&75 Market st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for general
housework or cooking. 27*4 Clementina St..
between First and Second.
RESPECTABLE German woman with a child
wishes situation as working housekeeper; city
or country- Box 1732, Call office. :
COMPETENT German woman wishes position <
as cook in hotel or boarding house. 523 Fol- |
som st., near First.
MIDDLE-AGED widow wishes situation as
working housekeeper; best of references;
country preferred. Address E. M., Box 1218,
Call flee. I
SCANDINAVIAN girl wants .situation as'
chambermaid and assist as lady's maid; city |
or country; best references. Address box 313, j
Call office.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly i
Call. Sent to any address In the United !
States or Canada cne '-ear for $1 50, postage '■
paid.
SITUATIONS WAXTED— MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
-i. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
' best help. 4144 O'Farrell St.; tel. East 426.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant SC.
GERMAN of 24 wishes work of any kind; tend
bar, wait on tables and make himself gen-
erally useful; city references. Box 601. Call.
STENOGRAPHER, bookkeeper and general
clerk, thoroughly capable young man . wants
situation; will go out of town. Box 702. Call.
A BELTMAN with good references wants a
situation in any kind of a factory for belt-
men, and can do any other work besides. Ad-
dress Box 1234. Call office.
A RELIABLE man and wife, no children,
want work on fruit ranch; man orchardlst
and teamster: wife good cook; best reference.
Box 1233, Call office.
SITUATION wanted as lunch cook and bar-
tender; references. Box 1235, Call office.
EXPERIENCED janitor and grocery clerk
wishes place grocery and bar room; speaks
English and German; gocd Oakland refer-
ences. W. BOHLING, 417 Kearny st.
GOOD cook and housekeeper wants position In
city or country. Address MRS. A., box 1122
Call office.
FIRST-CLASS bread foreman wtsh»« employ-
ment; best of reference. Apply 340 Golden
Gate aye.
YOUNG man would like a position In a whole-
sale house or some electric plant to learn
the business; wa<jes to suit. 122 Post st. ,
room 20.
ENGINEER and machinist. 30 years old; not
afraid of hard work: can run, put up or repair
any kind of machinery; willing to go any-
where. Box 1300 Call office.
PLUMBER, first class, will work for property-
owner or estate by the day or meat:; be«t of
references as to integrity and workman-
ship: has all necessary shop tools. Address
Plumber, box 924. Call office.
SITUATION wanted by baker and confection-
er: good ornamentor. 127 Arlington st.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 Tooms: 25c to $1 50 night; $1 50 to $C
week: convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry,
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
LAUNDRESS, private family. $25; 4 cook*.
German style. $25; nurse, $20; German or
French second girl, $25; girl for housework,
sleep home. $5 week; girt for cooking and
housework. American family. $25; 3 restau-
rant and boa rvlir.g- house cooks. $20 and $25; 3
restaurant waitresses, $5 and $6 week, and a
great many girls for cooking and housework.
J. F. CRO.-KTT ft CO., 316 Sutter st.
FOR country— Protestant second girl. $25; Ger-
man r.un«e. $20: mother and daughter as cook
and second girl; German or Scandinavian
cook. Alameda $25: ranch cook, $20; cook,
some housework. 3 In family, $25: chamber-
maid, plain washing. $15; 5 waitresses. HO
and $25. and others. J. F. CROSETT ft CO.,
316 Butter et.
GIRLS cf all nationalities to fill various po-
sitions. German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell f
HELP WANTED— Continued.
1 2~GlRLSr^ounrry7's2s and~sliT; 3 In family.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter at.
WOMAN with a chlldr~tl2~ MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
WOMAN, assist kitchen, $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COMPANION to Invalid lady, country, and do
light work; $12. MISS CI'LLEN, 325 Sutter.
MAN cook, $40 per month: hospital. Apply
early to MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
FRENCH or German nursery governess, $85.
MISS CDLLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MAN and wife, mining town. $40. MISS CUL-
LEN, us Butter st.
[J COMPHTENT Swedish sisters desire situa-
tions ad cook and second girl, same house,
$25 and $20; best references. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st.
COOK, restaurant, $25; chambermaid and wait,
_$15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
RAXCII cook. $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. \
I NURSE, $25; nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
I Sutter st.
REFINED German or French maid and seam-
stress. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK. Oakland. 2 in family? $20; Ala-
meda, }25: Bakersfleld. $25: 10 hous?w^rk girls,
city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls,
assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
CHAMBERMAID, wait 1 meal, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
: WAITRESS. $6 per we*k. restaurant; 6 young
girls, assist, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COOK, broiler, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
7. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.. want to-
day— 4 waitresses, different country hotels,
$20; 2 restaurant waitresses, country, small
fare. $20 and found; 3 restaurant waitresses,
city, $6; lunch and dinner waitress. $20; 4
fancy ironers. $35; plain laundress. $20: cook,
small country hotel, $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st.
GERMAN cook. $35; 5 cooks, $25 ami $30; 10
housegirls, $20. $25; 25 young housogirls, $13
to $2n. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
BAKER, institution. $25: cook, $35' houseglrl.
$25: 10 house girls. $20 each: waitress. 120;
second gir!. $20; nurse. $15; house girl. $20,
two in famil'- young girl to assist. $10. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter Ft.
HOUSE girl, short distance. $25. two in family;
house girl. Oakland. $22 50. Alameda $20;
housekeeper, $16. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter.
WANTED— Second girl. $20; French laundress
and chambermaid, $25; 2 laundresses. $25;
second work. $25; girls for housework and
assist. $23, $20 and $15. LEON ANDRE. 316
Stockton st.
WANTED — German or Swedish girl to do gen-
eral housework and cooking; references. Call
at 2213 Jones St.
GIRL to go to country and assist in housework.
64"> Golden Gate aye.
TOUNQ lady, good at figures, to assist In
office. Address box 1298. Call office.
GIRL to assist in light housework: $10 and
found. 210 Fifth aye.. Richmond District.
GIRL for housework; good home. 3007 Six-
teenth St., above Mission.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with
children. 544 Halght St.
GIRL or woman to do housework; $10. Call
after 8, 9 Clay st.
GIRL to mind baby. 541 Folsom st.
GIRL for light housework. $10 to $12. 710 Cole
St., back of Chutes. .
YOUNG girl, light housework: German descent
preferred. 256 Nat •ma St., near Fourth.
YOUNG girl for cooking and light waiting;
$20 to $25. Call bet. 9 and 12. 2924 California.
GKKMAN girl for general housework; wages
$20. Call store, 321 Kearny st. - f
EXPERIENCED finisher an.l buttonhole-maker
on custom work. 510 Natoma et.
- TAILORESS to work on coats; must be good
on machine and buttonholes. 737 Market st.
EXPERIENCED operators on electric power
living machines en flannel shirts at GREENE-
BAUH. WEIL & MICHEL'S. 531 Mission St.
WANTED— GirI for general housework. 720
Fourteenth st., near Market.
WANTED — Apprentice with some expe-ience
-- custom-made coats? paid while learning.
222 Seventh st.
WANTED— Experienced apprentice on custom-
coats; paid: k* — 'y work. 1127 Mission st.
BATHWOMAN for spring. $20; waitress, $20.
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirt*.
BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 19 .Battery St.
, — - - |
WOMAN to do cleaning at 1010 Market «t.
EXPERIENCED apprentice on custom pants.
1C33 Howard st.
WOMAN or girl wanted for general house-
work. 952 1 4 Howard st.
YOUNG girl to take care of children. Apply j
432H Fifth St.: restaurant.
APPRENTICE for dre« making; paid while
learning. 1032 Folsom st.
A NORTH German girl for light housework
and mind baby: $S. 824 Capp st.
FIRST-CLASS waist and skirt finisher. 6
Eddy st.; room 9S. .
EXPERIENCED apprentice wanted on custom
cats. 373 Natoma «.. near Fifth.
i GIRL for downstairs work and cooking In
• American family of 8: $25. 631 Larktn st.
WANTED— Apprentice with some experience
! on custom -made coats; paid while learning.
: 222 Seventh. St. .
I NEAT v. oman for housework and baby; small
i wages. 15 Harriet st. after 10.
I EXPERIENCED finisher on" coats; also girl to
learn. Box 1231. Call office.
WANTED— GirI for kitchen work: wages J7 per
month. 1303 Mission st., bakery.
FIRST-CLASS finishers on custom pants;
steady work. 411H Kearny st.
WANTED — finisher on pants. 560 Fourth
. St.. near Brannan.
YOUNG girl to take care of one child; small
' wages: good home. 732 Green st.
TWO voune ladles to Introduce Egry Auto-
graphic Sales Registers among down town
merchants. PERNAU BROS.. 543 Clay st.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few Inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO.. 36H Fremont st. ;,r
j LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Prut.
—^^ —^^^^^^.^^^^^^^^
HELP WANTED— MALE.
...40
Able-bodied men for pick and shovel work; j
$1 15 a day and board; call early.. \
....Company work
C. R. HANSEN 4 CO., 104 Geary st. !
3 TUNNEL men, $2 50 a day; 2 bench men, $2
a day; 6 4-horee teamsters. $I*o a day
'10 2-horse teamsters, $25 and board, free
. fare
15 2 and 4 horse teamsters, coast road, free
fare
9 laborers; 7 2-horse teamsters: 9 4-horse <
teamsters, for the new mountain railroad
5 laborers, near city, $1 a day and board
10 laborers, city. $1 50 to $2 a day; board
where you like.
S swampers, J35 and board: 10 lumber pliers,
126 and board, long Job I
4 furnace men. $2 a day, 5teady. .':............-
10 laborers around a mine and smelters, i
$1 60 to $2 30 a f day. no experience required', j
j steady. work; 9 farmers, $1 a day. J2O and $15-
stableman. $30 and found
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary St."
2 CARPENTERS, finishing work. $2 30 a day;
3 coopers, slack work. $30 and board C r'
HANPKN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
CHEF. $100; saloon lunch cook; second cook
$60: short order cook. $45: cook, country hotel
$30 to $60: cook, eating house, north. $50: hotel
baker, $35; oysterman, $S a week: oysterma-.
$35 : third cook, . mining boarding house $30 -
waiter, same place. $25; German falter $25 :
3 waiter*. $32 50; hotel waiter. $30: porter boy
restaurant. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO 104
. Geary st.
COLORED porter, country hotel $25 C. R
HANSEN «^CO.. 104 Geary st. ' '
BARKEEPER, $10 a week. C. R. HANSEN
& CO.. 104 Geary 5t. .;.. . F: T -» ; , . -.. .
FREE fare .".....:..........:..'.....;...;
......for 20 more 2 and 4 horse teamsters for i
■ ' new railroad work. $1 75 and $2 day
: To the mines. ;.t. ...........i....20 laborers
for placer mines. Northern California. $2 day-
laborers to * mix concrete, I also concrete for
Government work. * see superintendent here-
25 scraper teamsters. $25 and found: black-
smith' s helper. San Mateo County. $40. MUR-
RAY A READY. 684-636 Clay st.
RANTED... 2 milkers, same dairy. !
$25 and found !
Choreman and make butter, $26 and found i
German or Swiss preferred...........
Stableman.- $25 and found.V.'. ~ ••.-.
Tall edgerman. sawmill. Placer County' I
to $35 and found: ranch and orchard hands
chorebcys, etc. ; boy to run press
SiJAgg k &£*£*"*• MURRAY * j
HOTEL Department Cooks, country'
hotels. $35 and $40 and found: saloon cook. $25
and 'i found: pantryman, $25; porter, cocntry
hotel. $2C and found; second cook, small, neat
place. $25 , and found; waiters, : dishwashers
etc.; bellboy $10 and found; ranch cooks. $20 i
and found. MURRAY READY. 634-636 Clay.
FOR; the employment agents 1 afternoon adver- i
Usements read San Francisco Evening Daily
Report. MURRAY A READY, 634-«3< Clay st |
HF.I,- WAN TKD-ron tinned.
WANTED— Young man as can washer and
driver, $25; teamster, $1 a day an^ board; 3
firemen for country kiln, $1 a day and board;
man for poultry ranch. $15 and found; 2
laborers for quarry, $1 20 a day and board;
German as nurse; 2 quartz miners, $2 50 a
day; fair machinist for a mine. $2 50 a Jay.
good flace; blacksmith for laboring
camp. $35; men for thp woods, $1 M a day, o
laborers, $1 a day arid board. Apply to J. F.
CROPETT & CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— Cook for tnat • <30 to $40;
butcher and cook for restaurant. $40 to $SQ;
oysterman who can cook, $35; 2 waiters,
country hotel. $25, and other kitchen help.
Appy to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacra-
ment) st.
WANTED— 2 Furnace men for quicksilver :
mine, $45 each and board; 5 teamsters for
city. $26 and board: plain carpenter for'
ranch, short distance, $25 per month and
board: 10 laborers about mine, good shoVel-
ers, $27 50 per month and board: 4 farmhands,
$26; 3 mi-n to bale hay. $14c per ton; 2 labor-
ers, near city, for a factory. $26 and board;
waiter boy. country hotel, fare advance.!. $18
and found; 2 German or Scandinavian labor-
ers, near city, $26 and hoard; and others. W.
I). EWER & CO.. 626 Clay.
WANTED— Farmer, good teamster and milker,
$25; man to take care of horses, cows and
garden, country, $20: middle-aged man, small
private place near city; choreman for resort,
$15: young man to help around small country
hotel. $15; boy as porter, dining room, $10;
man to cook for couple of men on a ranch,
$15; second cook. $30; dishwasher. $20; butch-
er for restaurant, $40; painter for institution,
$25; etc. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton at.
I COOPERS, slack work, $30 and board; I
scraper teamsters, city. $26 and board; 2
farmers. $20 and $15; 6 men for railroad. $2>
and board; 10 wood^hoppers. good outlay:
waiter, country hotel. $25. R. T. WARD &
CO., SOS and 610 Clay st.
COOPERS wanted for Santa Crui; slack work.
Apply HENRI CO WELL, 211-213 Drumm .-'t.
COAT and rants maker for country. Apply
RKIBS BROS., 24 Sutter st.
WANTED— Boy, 11 or 12 years, to attend door
and help in dining room. 807 California «H.
ERRAND boy; must be highly recommended
for honesty. ROGERSON. 535 Valencia st.
BARBER for suburban town: steady Job. Ap-
ply 871 Market St., opp. Powell.
GOOD barber; steady work. 36 Second st.
2 GOOD painters. Octavla, near Sutter.
WANTED— A good coffee roaster; must ba
sober and trustworthy; give reference and ex-
perience. Box 171 S. Call office. ,•_
COOPERS wanted for Santa Cruz; slack work.
Apply HENRY COWELL, 211-213 Drumm st.
WANTED— Thorough clothing salesman at
RAPHAEL'S.
BOY wanted to kick press with experience.
628 Montgomery et., room 12.
SOLICITOR wanted In tailor business; refer-
ence; good wages. Box 1240, Call office.
BUSHELMAN at SUMMERFIELD & RO-
MAN'S, corner Market and Fifth sts.
STRONG boy that lives with his parents to
work in bake shop. 612 Keamy st.
COACHMAN; competent, steady, good house
worker and horseman: not afraid of work;
many years with same employer; best refer-
ences. Box 967, Call of fire.
WANTED— A boy. 14 to 16; references; call at
11. 130 O'Farrell st.
BOY able to feed press. 220 Sutter »t., room
10.
BOY to do Janitor work for his tuition at San
Francisco Barber School. 13SH Eighth St.
TAILORS wanted for seat room. SO3 Mont-
gomery st., third floor; convenient.
TOUNG man to learn practical chronometer
and watchmaker. 6 Market st.
BOY to learn pants making and go on errands.
Apply 435 N.lnna st.
WANTED— 3 first-class coat makers. LOUIS
DELIA. Senttle. Wash.
WANTED— Prize cake walkers (colored), must
be competent and sweH dressers. Applj Al-
hambra Theater, bet. 10 and 11 a. m.
BARBERS — Special auction Monday, Septem-
ber 19. 2p. m .. at 1504 Park St.. Alam-'.a. of,
a modern barber shop; investigate before
sale this chance of buying paying shop.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed for $15. 1542 Market st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
rine corps, United States navy; able-bodied,
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 an<i
30 years, who are citizens of the United
Btate* , or those who have legally declared
their Intention to become such; must be of
good character and habits and able to speak.
read and write English, and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and 6 feet In helg-ht. For further
information apply at the recruiting oflfce. SO
EJlla »t.. San Francl«eo, Cal.
WANTED — Lnborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
BARTERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
m't. H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th: tel. Jesste 1104.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. S.
FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.: tel. Grant 13«.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College. 128»4 Eighth st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: men's
poling. 35c: only one price. P23 Howard et.
J. J. HEINZ. 630 Market St.. official employ-
ment secretary of Barbers' Protective Union.
BAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
.room. 25c night. Rosedale House. 221 Elite at.
TRY Acme House, 357 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter st.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
. week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard stß.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third st.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 2">c night: reading room:
free 'bus and baesrage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WASTED.
PORTRAIT canvassers: men and women; com-
mission paid dally. «S McAllister st. ■
AGENTS to handle a quick-selling novelty of '
merit. Greater West Adv. & Novelty Co..
11S5H Washington St.. Oakland. Cal.
FURNITURE WASTED.
CASH for fixtures, groceries, furniture, mer-
chandise: sold on commission: reasonable. E.
COHN, auctioneer. 430 Seventh. Tel. Mint 1904.
H. EAUM buys furniture and general mer-
chandise. 1157 Market st : tel. Jessie 32.
FLATS WANTED.
WANTED— Modern separate three to five room
flat: 'must be cheap to two careful adults.
Address box 1123. Call office.
ROOMS WANTED. r ,
THREE gentlemen want rooms same floor
in private family. (Catholic preferred), grate
and running water: north of Market, east of,
Larkin. Address Box 11S3. Call office.
MAN wants room. $1 week, with Protestants -
near Odd Fellows' bldg. Box 1237. Call office. '
WANTED— room in Catholic family;
German preferred. Address box 1233. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
BOARD and rooms in Spanish family by I
young men. Box 634. Call office. ■ .
MISCELLANEOUS^
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS^
SLOOP yacht for sale cheap; suitable for duck
hunting. 26 feet long. Box 1299. Call office.
LOT of fine family cows; cheap. Inquire 102S
Capitol aye.. Ingleside. v iu< * ujre "«•
-
2, 5 and 10 stamp quart* mills cheap- easy
terms. Assay office. 10 Stevenson st
BOILERS, engines, Id-hand machlnerv Me
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Mfg&nt £
BARS, back bars, mirrors, show cases coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond hand. J NOONAN, 1017-1015-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
SAFES— New and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Henr.an Pafe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SECOND-HAND belting, pulleys, shafting, en-
gines, boilers, dynamos, etc. 516 Mission st.
PHONOGRAPHS. »: records, % per dozen:
projectoscope. $IQO. Baclgalupl. 335-962 Market.
J \JV, J >O<:>L> hous e mover, dealer second-hand
building material. ■ 1124 Mission: tel. So. TST..
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand: all
i _stxes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent ; to any address ,in the United
Ptat»». poEtnald. for « v a y Oar .
:•:. SEWIXG MACniAES.
AUTOMATIC, -Domestic. Singer and Whit*
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1315 Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY, rented; repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 305 Fourth st.HL'SINESS CHANCES.
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar with four
•fine living rooms; rent $20; choicest location;
first-class paying; owner bought hotel in San j
Jcse. and must sacrifice; a bargain. Call '
WILKE, 763*2 Market at. ' ' .
|I_BO— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
• rent $30: j lease: no night or Sunday work; ex-
cellent paying; first-class custom. WILKE,
788*. Market st.
$300— PARTNERSHIP in old established com-
mlßslon business for sale; clears from $200 to
$300 per month: sickness compels partner to
retire. Particulars WILKE, 7S3*i Market.
$3.">0; BUTCHER shop: clears over $75 month;
rent $:5; bargain. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Mar-
ket st.
CORNER saloon; bargain this day. MC-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
GROCERY and bar; full value In stock. Me-
. LAUQHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$225— RANCH bakery; good place; living
■ rooms; rent $11. McLAUGHLIN, 777 Market.
$10,000— GENERAL merchandise store in a pros-
perous country town; stock by inventory; re-
tiring. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
•S3OO— VARIETY and stationery store in one of
the best parts of city; 5 living rooms; low
rent: old established; doing good business.
• Further particulars at M. LESS & CO., 765
Market st.
$75— BRANCH bakery In Mission; must sell;
widow has to go East. LESS & CO., 765
Market st. . .
A— sSoO— HOTEL and bakery In thriving railroad
terminal town; 19 rooms; steady boarders;-
"bakery only one there; doing thriving busi-
ness; keeps one man pusy on pies and cakes;
' equipment of both is complete and first-class;
LESS & CO.. 76. Market st.
A— s7oo— Partner; milk route and boarding sta-
ble: 200 steady customers; 6 good horses, wa-
. gqns. buggies.* KREDO & CO., 22*4 Geary.
A— s2oo; tailoring and cleaning; 35 $1 50 monthly
customers: clears $250 month; old age cause
of sale. KREDO & CO., 22*4 Geary st.
A— Ffne saloon, with side entrance, near Bald-
win; receipts $35 daily; cheap rent. KREDO
& CO. ■ ■
$325— CORNER grocery and bar; 3 blocks from
Market; cheap rent; good chance for busi-
nes man. JONES & SEARLL. 865 Market st.
WANTED— A good grocery and bar, about $800;
■ also 2 lodging houses, one at $400 and one at
. $050; answer immediately. NATIONAL
BUSINESS EXCHANGE, 7 Grant aye.
■$350— DELICACY, dairy, produce store; fine 10-
' • cation; Addition; with 4 sunny living
rooms; excellent chance for man and wife.
BTENBERQ, 26*4 Kearny st. '.—•'■-•
$500 — BOARDING-HOUSE with 11 furnished
rooms; 21 regular boarders; trial before buy-
' Ing. Address M. J., box 4, Call office, Oakland.
FIRST-CLASS corner grocery and bar in Mis-
sion; 4 living rooms. Apply McLEOD &
• HATJE. 515 Market st. .
PARTNER for shoemaking business; good op-
portunity; doing $600 a month; investigate
Box 1241. Call office.
$150— ELVER A dining parlors; account of other
•business; first-class condition. 417 Mason.
' BARBER shop; good business; living rooms;
cheap rent. Nineteenth and Howard.
BAR and wine room for sale; a bargain. Cali-
fornia Wine Co., 12 City Hall Square.
$850— SALOON; old established; No. 1 location;
In Salinas City. Cal: must be sold at once.
Addrrss F. F. G., P. O. box 184.. Salinas City.
BRANCH bakery; fine trade; good fixtures:
will sell for cash; owner leaving city. 1225
I'evisadero Ft.
FALOON for sale: thriving country town;
monthly Bales $650 to $800. Apply Call office.
$4000— A RARE opportunity of obtaining an es-
tablished, paying retail notion and stationery-
business, which must be sold, as owners have
been appointed Western" agents for - Egry
Autographic Registers. Apply PER-NAU
BROS.. 543 Clay et.. San Francisco.
$1500— PARTY with that amount of money can
secure a good business opportunity in the
wood working line; also house and lot with
• Income rent of $19 per month, . besides two
living rooms with workshop free; also ma-
chlnery and tools. Inquire at Call office.
BAILS In a week; good chance to go to Klon-
dike; 5 shares In Kings County Mining Co.
of New York; 2 years' provisions: complete
mining outfit. Address box 927. Call office.
PARTNER with about $3000 to manufacture a
useful article; patented United States. Cana-
da and Great Britain. Box 1214. Call.
ESTABLISHED grocery business* In best In-
terior city In Sate for sale; cheap. Address j
■ box 929. Call office. . . i
'GOOD paying saloon on San Bruno road: cause
of selling, retiring from business. . Inquire
1796 San Bruno road.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale on account f
of sickness. 118 Second St.. NW.. cor. Minna. :
HOTEL Geneva, Sautallto, for sale; lease. and .
■furniture of 70 rooms. Apply on premises. '
2-CHAIR barber shop; established 6 "years;
flourishing town; $100; terms. Box 1221. "Call.
PARTNER to open wine and liquor business;-
■ small capital. S2O Valencia, before 10 a. m. ".
GOOD bakery; only store trade; cash business; i
good location; fine "chance for'-baker.' s4o Clay.-
PAYING butcher shop: established for years;
best business street in town; sacrificed ac-
count ill health. Inquire Call office, Oakland.
$1050— COR. grocery & bar in Mission; owner
■ there 7 years. Address Grocery, S6B Folsom.
GAS fixtures very low: large assortment: 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
6CHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
FOR sale— Call route at San Jose. For par-
ticulars apply at Call business office. > •
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. r A SWELL „ CO/9. 415 Sacramento st.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
30-ROOM house on Market $1000
26-room house; easy payments. 500
S-room flat: very good .-..■ 600
CO other houses; 4 to 800 rooms $100 to 6000
IS-room house; . dears $100 .550
12-room house: clears $75 430
23-room corner: worth $2000 ;......■ .-.1100
30 rooms on Kearny st.: clears $250.. ....,2500
00-room house; new; clears .400. 3000
30-room ' house on Market 1000.
18-room house: clears $100 450
S rooms and bath; fine corner 300
9 rooms and bath; 'fine corner 220
29 rooms; near Palace Hotel 1500
H. C. DECKER. 102 Market, opp. Fifth.
$400— LODGING house, 10 rooms and bath; all
rented; elegant location: 2 car lines pass
door. JONES & SEARLL. 565 Market st.
$225— LODGING house, 11 rooms: splendid loca-
tion: close Van Ness aye.: furniture and car-
l>eta good. JONES & BE ABLE. 865 Market st.
$200— LODGING house, 9 rooms; half block from
Market: sickness cause of sale. JONES &
SEARLL, MS Market st.
A-KREDO 4 CO ...22*4 GEARY ST.
11 rooms: fine residence: Geary st.; all
new- clears SCO monthly; must sell $600
14 rooms: bay-window corner; central and
desirable; clear* $100 month..;... — '.... 850
22 rooms; newly papered; good furniture: _
$300 cash: balance time — ;...-... 600
6" rooms; best on Geary St.: clears $1 ."- _^
nothing better ever offered 2000
Several large houses to exchange for realty.
7 BARGAIN LIST .............. . ;A .
19 rooms; corner; offer wanted 1400
■ 20 rooms: cheapest rent In city......:..... 400
24 rooms: corner. near M*-V»t st _w
• S3 rooms; brand new; central... 1500
90 rooms: rent $125; see 1t.......... 2000
WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
A— SI ROOMS: south of Market st.; fine. .s32oo
' 31 rooms; transient; Market st :... 850
. 20 rooms; select; transient; corner 650
36 rooms; elegant: furnished h0te1..:... 1800
F. C. HYDE & CO., 1208 Market st.
$S5O; 12-ROOM house: worth $500; north - of .
Market; must sell. . BASILE. 837*4 Market st.
■ LODGING house: bargain on account of de-
parture. McLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
$200— n rooms; good paying house. 129 Third
Btre..t. - . ■
LOST.
- LOST— Near Runnyslde, large black Cocker
spaniel. ■ white breast and feet. Reward at
. 2606 Diamond st. or Builders'- Exchange, ,40
. New Montgomery st.
LOST— September 8. Fourth and Townsend sts.,
ladles' waiting room, satchel, money, . keys;
return keys; no questions. Reward at 311
. Taylor st.
LOST— Train leaving the narrow gauge depot,
San Jose, at 3:44 o'clock, purse containing
medal valued as a keepsake and money. Re-
• turn to Call office. Reward. . -; '....
LOST— September 9, . breastpin; diamond ■ and
pearls; sunburst. Return to 610 Leavenworth.
St.: liberal reward.
LOST— September 6, at Palace Hotel,' Inclosed
In small white envelope, 1 ring with 2 pearls
-.mounted with diamonds, 1 with 4 large dia-
monds, 1 with sapphire and diamonds. Llb-
. eral reward at 21-23 Battery. B. SWEITZER.
LOST— A pass-book with The Hlbemla Savings
nnd Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of MICHAEL J. O'CONNELL, No.
1)0-206. Finder will please return to bank.
LOST— A large black K. of H. bad*.-'-: letters
D. D. G. D. Cal. Return to 215 Washington
St., and receive reward., .-..-' ■-. .-.,. .--.
m HAVES ST.— Branch, office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. .
TYPEWRITERS. •
ALL type writers sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
NEW Hammond. $35: CallgTaph, $15; Yost. $25;
get sample work. SCOTT, 833 Montgomery.
HOUSES TO LET.
BAY-WINDOW house of 4 rooms; 212 Perry St.,
near Fourth; rent $12 50; water free. Apply
to Q. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ELEGANT house, 8 rooms; front and rear gar-
den.-. .SIS McAllister St.; rent $35.
FOR RENT— House of 10 rooms and bath. 1310
Larkln st. Apply 131S Larkln st.
ROOMING house of 9 rooms; must be sold;
very cheap. . 231 Stevenson st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■ -. -- ........  .
$12— HOUSE of 6 rooms. 3 Lawrence place off
Fremont, near Harrison; grand^view of bay.
COTTAGES TO LET.
SUNNY cottages, 5 rooms, bath; basement,
yard; cheap. 1876 Fifteenth st., near Dolores.
TO Let— cottage of 6 rooms and bath.
GEORGE W. H. PATTERSON & CO., 1709
Market .st.  • . -
FLRNISTTFD FLATS.
NICELY furnished flat; 4 rooms and bath. ill
Fell st.
$IS— FINE furnished flat, 5 rooms, bath. 3021
Buchanan st. . . -
FLATS TO LET. •
ADELAIDE place, B*4; off Taylor, near Post-
Upper 4 nice sunny -rooms: $14.
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Nice flat of 3
rooms, $7; also 2- room flat; $5. ' . '
BROADWAY, 1122 A— flat 4 choice sunny
rooms. $12. • ■ ' ' '
BRYANT. 722%. bet. Fifth and Sixth—
fiat; 5 large rooms and bath; $16.
CLAYTON. 872, south of ' Frederick— Sunny
modern flat of 5 rooms and bath; cheap.
FAIR OAKS. 137. near Twenty-third— Sunny
upper bay-window flat, 5 rooms ; $14. ■
FLAT 6 rooms. $14; also cottage 4 rooms. 623
Second at. ; Rlncon avenue. ■ \ ■ .-.-.•■
FOLSOM, '951. near Sixth— Flat of 7 sunny
rooms and bath. ■
FOURTH. 437*4— Fine, sunny flat. 8 rooms,
bath, in good order; reasonable good tenant.
FULTON. Fine sunny middle flat; 7 rooms,
bath; water free; near City Hall; $23.
HAIGHT, . 848— $ rooms and bath; nearly new;
$15. , . . - . -.. .
HYDE. 512— Parlor floor 4 rooms with bath.
Inquire of owner on premises. . <... '■
LARK IN, 2614*4— Upper flat, 6 rooms and bath;
marine view. "'
LEAVEN WORTH. 151&— Upper flat of 5 rooms;
modern Improvements: sun; rent $16.
LOWER flat, 3 rooms; upper flat, 4 rooms and
bath; rear house, 4 rooms. 1310 Larklu st.
LOWER flat 6 rooms and bath; water free;
$15. 607, Fulton ft. ... .. '
MIDDLE flat 5 rooms and bath; water free;
$20. 509 Fulton st. .
MISSION. 1513 A, near Eleventh— Two flats of
6 rooms, bath, laundry; rent $15 up.
NATO MA. 542— Nice sunny flat of 4 rooms, $14;
water and garbage paid.
NEW 5-room, bath; reduced to $20. 2531 Post
St.. or SPECK & CO.
NICE flat of 5 rooms, bath and stable; fur-
nished or unfurnished. 120 Diamond st.
NOB HILL flat, opp. Stanford's, 7 rooms, bath,
$35. - 720 Powell st.
THIRD and Perry— 5-room; bath; cellar.
Key 417*4 Third St.,
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN _ HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st. ' ' - "
$B— LOWER, flat 4 rooms. Apply grocery, cor.
Twenty- fourth and Florida et.
$10— FLAT 4 rooms, hall, double '.parlors. 20
. Lexington aye.. near Eighteenth st. i
$10 — FLAT of 4 rooms. 816 Folsom St., near
Fourth. . : ' "
$14— TO let— Corner flat of 6, rooms and bath. |
8338 Twenty-sixth St., near! Capp. j
$15— FLAT; double parlors, dining-room and
kitchen, 45 Hermann, June. Market & Valencia
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping: 2 folding beds; 1 in
kitchen and 1 In bedroom, with suit to match; \
furniture, all. new; $3-. per week; suitable for
4 or ."> persons. Apply at phoe store. 562 Mis-
sion st., between First and Second. j
BRANNAN, 725, above Sixth— Sunny kitchen
and bedroom, furnished, $6. I
CALIFORNIA, 1856— Housekeeping ' rooms;
llfcht, sunny, upper or middle floor. '
CAPP, 7CS— nicely fux3sshed sunny rooms for j
housekeeping;- (. '*__|p__ . j
DEVISADERO, 728, oh corner— Pleasant rooms .
with housekeeping privileges: no children. ■
FIFTH, - 309— Large. Bunny, bay-window room
with kitchen; other rooms; new house. i
FIFTH, 34S— Suite of rooms furnished for house-
keeping; rent cheap. ". ". . _,-.:.-. '
LI-MORE. 2118—3 or .4 sunny housekeeping
rooms furn.; bath; yard; others; reasonable.
FOLSOM 974— Housekeeping rooms; double, and
single; all conveniences; $1 per week up;
changed hands. ':- " '_
HERMAN, 6S— 3 nicely furnished rooms for !
housekeeping; rent $12.
HICKORY aye, 181, near Gonjch— 2 large fur-
nished rooms; every convenience; $9.
HOWARD, 1068— newly furnished sunny par-
lor suite, hkpg, $12; others, $8; elngle, $4 mo.
HOWARD, 1653— Suite of three unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; cheapest rent In the
city. I
JESSIE, Furnished rooms for housekeep- j
ing, with use of kitchen If wanted.
JESSIE, 373, near Fifth and Market— house- j
keeping rooms. $9. -
JESSIE, 433—2 sunny furnished . housekeeping
rooms ; rent $S; also single rooms $1.
LACUNA. 60S, cor. Hayes— Large sunny front
room; electric light; hot and cold water; $10.
LEAVENWORTH,' 811. near Sutter— 3 sunny
rooms, stove: housekeeping; young couple;
references; $10. »» ■ - - -
MINNA, 28— Basement housekeeping rooms;
■ very low rent. - - ■ • •
MINNA, 417— Fr"»«- room ' and ' kitchen.
MINNA. 43.'— elegant clean unfurnished rooms,
j3 top flat. $S.-/'. * .'.■• i . ' -. - '■; •■ •: j
MINNA, 546— Furnished rooms for. housekeep-
• ing. : ' ; '■ '" ■ •' '
MISSION, 561. near Second— front room
and kitchen complete for housekeeping.
MISSION, 834—2 large sunny front rooms, fur-
nished for housekeeping. $14; also one for $8.
MISSION, 1125*4— Large front room and kitchen,
rent $12 per month; also lodging rooms.
No;:, 151— 2 pleasant front rooms, large kitchen,
coal range, linoleum, tubs, bath, yard; $11.
O'FARRELL, — Large sunny bedroom and
: kitchen, furnished: also large sunny yard; $14:
POINT LOBOB aye., 2120— and 8 sunny fur-
nished housekpg rooms; $10 and $12; no child.
SCOTT, Two large partly furnished con-
necting rooms and alcove; bath, eta
SHIPLEY, 259—4 rooms, $8; no children; no
animals. . .' ■' ,'V "' "..,.' ..;".
SIXTH. Pleasant sunny housekeeping
rooms; reasonable. , '■' ■'-' ■•■*
THE Piedmont, - 119 A Sixth • St.— or 8 rooms,
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THIRD. 12>— Sunny furnished housekeeping and
single rooms: newly papered. ■■ • ; . .- ,
THIRD. 309— Large furnished room light house-
i keeping, $6; single front room. $5.
TRUNK, furniture, etc., taken on rent; hand-
pome rooms; no children. Box 1203, Call. -.
TURK. 127— Parlor for office: housekeeping and
single rooms: newly furnished. . - ' ;
TURK Sunny bedroom and kitchen; com-
plete for housekeeping; gas, gas stove and
bath; $14. -
TWELFTH, 145 — Sunny furnished rooms, com-
, plete for housekeeping. ■-. ■.. „■
TWENTY-SIXTH. 3387. near Mission—
furnished sunny housekeeping suites, $10, $11.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The- Weekly
Call. ' Sent -to any address In the United
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year. ■ ; '-' ■
OAKLAND, HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
WINDSOR Hotel— Rooms without board; ac-
commodations for cooking. 9th A Washington.
ROOMS VO LET.
A— 734 PINE— Nicely furnished . gunny front
room; gas: $6 month; gent only. .
ALBEMARLE, ' 8 Mason St., corner Market—
Nice sunny furnished »--> ms; . single or en
suite: some suitable light hsekpg. ; reasonable.
a— STOCKTON, 242 — First-class sunny - front
rooms; suite; single; facing plaza; day or mo.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and .Ingle; j flrst-clas-
in every respect: terms reasonable. -• - -■■
AT 59 Second— Nice ' single, •: double , and light
. h^u_ekp ____________ $1 to $2 CO; day 25c to SOc
AT 416- O'Farrell— Sunny rooms: ' suites; single;
by day, week or mo.; bathe, running water. ■-■■
ASH aye., '■'■' 88—2 sunny unfurnished '. rooms;
suitable for dressmaker; also furnished room.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1898.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post. 2 blocks from Palace
Hotel; elegantly furnished rooms; families
and gentlemen; all conveniences.
EDDY. 118— Pleasant front room; also others;
$6 up; sunny housekeeping suites cheap.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms 00 cents to
$1 per night; $2 to $8 a week; families.
ELLIS, 622 — 2 large sunny rooms; separate en-
trance: yard; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let
FIFTH, 322— 51 week; large sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— Elegant furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GLOBE Hcuse, 821 Howard— Per night, 250 to
$1; week. $1 to $4; readlnK room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye, 402— Newly furnished
sunny front room; gas and bath; $8.
GRAND SOUTHERN, SE. cor. Heventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en Eulte and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784 Vi, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; also housekeep-
ing rooms; $1 a week.
HILLSDALE, 33 Sixth St.— Sunny suite for
housekeeping; suite for $ gents; . reasonable.
HOTEL VANCOUVER, 1001 Sutter— Elegantly
furnished suites and single rooms; moderate.
MANSFIELD— 2I2 Post— Elegant sunny rooms,
suite or single; baths connecting: moderate
rates. _____
MARKET, 1122— Nicely furnished suites; also
single rooms.
MASON. 825— A sunny bay-window room, nice-
ly furnished, $150 up; day, week or month.
Mason. r>n Large esunny front room; rrate;
gas, bath; private family.
MINNA 648—2 large sunny rooms, with range
If required, $8.
MINNA. 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week: transient.
MISSION, 809, near Fourth— 2 parlors, suit-
able for doctor or couple: hkpg privilege.
O'FARRELL 20— Sunny furnished rooms, ele-
vator: electric lights; day, week or month.
O'FARRELL. .71— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.^
PINE. 843, near Powell— Sunny rooms; board
optional; grate.
RENT FREE— At Poquel, Cal.. 3 rooms to a
middle-aged couple or some old lady: rood
reference given. Address box 1733. Call office.
SEVENTH, 229— Large Bunny single furnished
room for $4 50.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH. 216H— Larere sunny front room for light
housekeeping: also single rooms; cheap.
SIXTH, 405— Beautiful sunny furnished parlor
suite; sun all day; single and hkps rooms.
SIXTH, 584 — 4 large sunny unfurnshed room!
and bath; large range; rent $10.
TREMONT House, 1773 Market St., opp. Gough
—House newly furnished; single rooms or
cults; two kitchens for tenants for light
housekeeping: rooms from $5 to $12.
VALENCIA, 713— Suite of rooms or 1 or 1 sin-
gle rooms.
VAN NESS aye., 930— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, with excellent board; references.
WENDT Hotel, 22 Sacramento— Best roomlng-
houee on water front; single, 25c up; week, $1
up; fine bar connected with house.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cent-— The Weekly
Tall. In wrapper. f or ma" "g.
ROOMS AND BOA 11).
AHLBORN House, 819-321-323 Grant aye. —
Rooms 50c up; board and room, $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
! BOARD and room for gentleman or 2 together;
I private family. Call 731 Waller st.
j BRANNAN, 444-6 (Ne.w Mechanics' Hotel)—
Board and room $4 50 per week; single rooms
$1 per week.
EDDY, 602— Nicely furnished rooms with home
cooking, $20 up.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room. $4 to J5 per week: nice location.
GEARY, 227— First-class board; home cooking;
special rates to students, clerks; dinner, 25c.
HEATH, 312 Eddy— Select family boarding-
house; first class all appointments; hot water
every room; home cooking; terms moderate.
HOTEL SALISBURY. 299 Hyde— Well furnished
rooms; beautiful grounds: table unsurpassed.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant hnme for gent;
board; hot and cold water; $20; other rooms.
PLEASANT room, with or without board; 1 or
2 gentlemen; marine view. 2614H Larktn st.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Large sunny room for two.
with board, $40; also single rooms.
THE ORIEL— New elegantly furnished sunny
Market st. suites, with board for 2, $40 per
month: slntrle rooms accordingly.
VAN NESS aye., 513— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
WANTED— TabIe boarders; good home cook-
Ing; reasonable; central. M. E., box 1717.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Plates, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
LADY living near Denman Grammar desires to
room and board young girl; music; references;
reasonable. Address E. D. T., box 1181, Call.
j WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home and care: near school. 51 Clara st.
| CHILDREN boarded; mother's care. 131 Do-
lores st.
STORES TO LET.
LARGE store, four living rooms and basement.
1109 Howard 6t., near Seventh; rent cheap;
sunny yard.
NATOMA, 645— Store and 2 rooms, suitable .for
mwt any business. $!L
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
Instantly (no matter from what cause); safe
and sure tit any time; jpy celebrated reme-
dies and treatment have never been known to
fall; travelers helped without delay; home In
confinement; skillful medical attention; all
those who are sick and discouraged consult
the doctor free and confidential; strong pills
and capsules. $1. MRS. DR. WYETH. 20S
Turk St.. near .Tones.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles.
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; dlßgrace
l avoided; kind sympathy and aid: sure relief,
I though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted: travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 122S Market
j St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elswhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing:
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day: safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
saves disgrace: pills, and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician, for
87 years, DR. POPPER, 318 Kearny st.
j DR. WISE, late of Bellevue Hospital, N. V.,
obstretrics specialist, offices Haekmeler Hotel.
123 Eddy st., chronic and complicated dis-
ease* cured; patients assured first-class
medical attendance, besides enjoying pri-
vacy of home with experienced attendants;
strictest confidence maintained in all cases;
consultation free. Hours. 9 to 11 and 2 to 8.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $15; travelers helped Instantly;
home for patients; consult free; confidential.
MRS> DR.. KOHL. 1122 Market, st.
LADIES, Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; safe, reliable; taks
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars.
"Relief for Ladles"; letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co.. Phlla.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort: best care and attendance terras
moderate: infants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
expressed C. O. D. ; don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal.
PRIVATE home In confinement by a first-class
German midwife: infants adopted Into good
homes. 515 Turk st,, near Larkln.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; infallible, safe reme-
dies; JW years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
MRS. ACHARD. midwife; sunny, pleasant
home In confinement. 156 Second st.
ATTORNEYS AT LAW\
ITsTcLARK— Emma Bpreckels blflg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market -t.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence.
120 C Market; diseases of women a specialty.
\ PERSONALS. )" y :'■}'
GENTLEMAN, v 30, ' good ' references, ■• has ' 160
acres land and $1200 .cash; wishes to marry
s healthy respectable working girl; must know
housekeeping. Box 1205, Call office. -. -
I AM not responsible for any debts contracted
by my wife, VIOLA L. SCHONIG, after, date.
-.-:•■ MR. P. H. SCHONIG. -;
COME in and see my new parlors; room for all
now; hairdressing. 25c ; hair restored to its
natural color, $1 30 •••up; * good ' switches, $1;
finest. $3 50: extra, $5; open Sunday 9 to 12,
;G.; G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton Bt. •-:. >
LEDERER'S Qulnonla- is the best hair tonic.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton ' st.
DR A. W McKENZIE has removed his dent-,
al office from , 115 Kearny st. to the Phelan
building, rooms 106 and 108. -•
SEND 25c and stamp:, physician will answer by
sealed mail any medical questions you ask.
P. O. box 573. Oakland. Cal. '
TWO young ladles can procure good positions
. to introduce Egry Autographic. Sales Regis-
ters among down town merchants. PERNAU
BROS.. Agents.' 543 Clay st. ,- - v -:.■
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms,
25c to $1 50 per night; 50. to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry. ■
] "WARD— us know If you are well. We 1
expect a letter. : ' . MAMMA.
SUITS to order on installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO., 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement; diseases of . women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St., Alameda. -
SUITS to order on easy '• installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and. Bth.
MASU MI YAK AW A, Japanese contractor and
labor agent. 410 Kcarny St.: tel. Green 19.
DRESSMAKERS.
MISS GILLIGAN, dressmaking i and cloak-
making school. 223 Grant .aye. , :
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring
College. 916 Market et. . ■ - " '
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy Bt..rm. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
OMAR! ~~ ~~OMAR! '~~^~~ ■ ■ OMAR!
: THE OCCULT WONDER..
325 EDDY ST.. 325.
MARVELOUS TESTS.
FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER. — •
Name of Sweetheart or Husband. .—
Advice to make you succeed in love, busi-
ness, marriage, divorce, law suits, etc; cures
drunkenness, bad habits, evil influences; lo-
cates mines, buried treasures," etc; guaran-
tees success. ' ' -J
■ OMAR NEVER FAILS — j —
To unite the separated and ;—; —
Cause speedy and happy marriages.
— : OMAR —
— '• Guarantees success in all cases. — ■
Letters containing $1 and 4 questions an-
swered. i Private residence, 326 Eddy St., 325.
ATTENTION! PROF.' H. ROMAINE
— The Oriental Seer — - — ■*
: ' Late of ' India —
TELLS FULL NAME OF EVERY CALLER.
Tells what you called for; advises on busi-
ness, speculation, love, everything; reunites
separated; causes speedy marriages;: recovers
old estates; locates burled treasures in five
days; never fails. Fees. $1 and $2. ' Satisfac-
tion guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for
special terms. Offices, • 1206 Market st.
Hours. 10 to 8. . ■ ■ . ■ - - - * ' : -. -
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
In life; she will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles,' restore
lost affections: unites the separated, recov-
ers lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire -life,
while In a perfect trance; perfect satisfaction
guaranteed by mall. Send stamp for cir-
cular with special terms. MRS. DR. P.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26, 1206 Market, opp. . 6th.
MME. J. SLATER, greatest, i most celebrated
and. reliable business medium of the age;
patronized by the business men and women
of the world; arrived from a tour of the
East; glad to see her old customers; letters
answered. Office 462 Natoma St., corner 6th.
YOUR future told by cards for 26 cents. 221
Sixth St. ■ , - ..:-:-:--■
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. LENEMAR— Fortune by planets; pre-
dicted In 74 overdue steamers. 23*4 6th. room 3. ;
MME. RAVEN A reads life fluently: ' business j
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st . |
MME. MOREAU. the best medium and card j
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st. near Mission.
MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
ELEVENTH, Branch office .of The Call.
: Subscriptions and ady taken. r^ I '?*^^'' ' "'--'
. SPIRITUALISM. " ,
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader and medical clairvoyant: private
and chronic diseases cured with revealed i
remedies; cancers removed i without pain; let- j
ters promptly answered ; send stamp for re- i
ply; sittings, $1; diagnosis free. 232 Stockton. I
MME. YOUNG'S convincing .test circle to- I
night; 10c, 605 McAllister st ; come, skeptics.
I C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet seance,
8 p. m.. 25c. , 409 Leavenworth St. ■
TO-NIGHT, 8 o'clock, Be; 112*4 Oak st.; trance,
test, .business; readings daily, $1. , ■
BOOKS— Occult, liberal, spiritual and scientific.
1429 Market; office of Philosophical Journal.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 212% Sixth gt. -.
M, FRANCES, independent slate- wrltin* me-
dlum. US Halght st. * ' . ■ ' '
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. ; read-
ings. 81; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m.; Mon. 8: 26c.
P27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of. The Call. "-. Subscrip-
tlons, and want ads * f ~n.
______ _____________
hypnotism"
8. F. College. Therapeutics, 306 Larkln St.,
open day and eve; for patients and pupils.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. \
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method; prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash; .bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Btelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
sts., San Francisco, : and . Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.'- . /,.:■-.' . -."'... .
ABSOLUTELY the oldest ■ an 1 largest house
I west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. .Pianos, organs and
all other musical instruments of all grades
and prices: terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I A— MARSHALL & WENDELL, $75; Weber.
$140; Sterling $185; Curtaz, ' $190; Hallett &
Davis, $225; fine condition; guaranteed; easy
payments. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON, Chick-
I erlng Agents. 16-20 O'Farrell st. r
AGENCY Hardman pianos, fine display; a high-
grade upright, $150; several ■ others In bargain
room; squares, $25 and upward; splendid, op-
portunities. THE J. DEWING CO., second
floor. Flood building. .-. ::
FOR the next 30 days pianos will be sold for
cash at almost cost price by THE ZENO
MAUVAIS MUSIC COT,: 769 Market st ; they
are making room for fresh stock. . y ---■■/
SOHMER _ CO., Byron Mauzy, Newby, Evans,
Briggß and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 810, 312 Post st. "
NEW organs rented, $1 per month; new pianos
' rented, $2 50 per month. SCOTT-CURTA_
PIANO CO., 560 Hayes st. ■■--■-'.
MUSIC box cheap: . the Regina; same as new.
Address box 1217, Call office. : ' .;.-...'
A MAONIFICENT 3-pedal Steinway, nearly
new, $150. j KEEFE'B, 1019 Van Ness , aye.
GRAND bargain: fine upright cheap for cash;
- must cell. Room 33, 506 Jones st. - ■ > ;-.-
A— s6o; UPRIGHT: $5 Installments; other cheap
pianos. 216 McAllister st. ' ' .-: '■; - :■ ,
SPECIAL sale of pianos; .wholesale prices to
all. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Poet st. . .
"AD", smallest: price lowest; uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. , HEINE.. 186 Ellis. «t.U. .; ; .
A GOOD upright very cheap. 16 MoAlllßter St.,
next Hlbernla Bank. BCHMITZ. - .
J KNABE pianos; new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER & CHASE, 80 O'Farrell st. -■-":■' :'\ .-..:
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and , new. H.
- MULLER, maker, . repairer, 2 .Latham place. i
339 HAVES ST.— Branch office •of The Call.
Subscriptions 'and ads-taken..- --•-■•- -■ ■■■ <■. . -.-.-
__________^_— — — — — — — — — .
LARGE assortment of work, • draught and
driving horses, cheap. 145 Valencia st. i- :,
PUBLIC auction sale WEDNESDAY, Septem-
ber >14*" at 11 o'clock  at Grand Arcade Horse
■ Market 327 Sixth st. ; ' personal • property, the
property of G. W. MORSE, one phaeton sold
for repairs and storage. »t- ■- v ■< .-'- - ... :: ■■ ..-. '■'..'
i 60 HORSES of ; every description ~at . Emporium
Sales Yards. ' 220 Valencia . st ; ; between . Thir-
teenth and, Fourteenth; also buggies, .wagons,
• harness, etc., at your own ; price; come and
make.- an offer. .* ..'>,;•>- :v :.;•.'. l- ---■..■ ...-.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts. -harness: ; . Grand Arcade . Horse •■>. Mar-,
ket * 327 ' Sixth ; auction sales every Wednes-
day. i SULLIVAN ft- DOYLE. Auctioneers. ;
| WAGONS . AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL 'sale of ) harness and ' vehicles. * ■ Lie-
: ,- bold Harness Co., $11 Larkin. opp. i City; Halt
CITY REAL ESTATE.
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 6"2 Market St.,
OFFER 4 CHOICEST INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
OFFER 4 CHOICEST INVESTMENTS IN S. F.
$15S, 000— Market St., E0 ft. front, half block
from Emporium; old buildings; rents $650
(about); terms, half cash.
$130.000— Grand cor.; 100 ft. front, with ele-
gant four-story building, now renting for $S00;
only block from Baldwin; pays 6 per cent net;
only $40,000 cash needed.
$85.000— Grand investment: five-story modern
building, cost $70,000 few years ago; with 75 foot
fruntage; within block of Market ar.d Sixth
sts. : renting for about $600; no mistake can be
made in this purchase.
$12,000— C0r., 52x55 feet, within % block of 3
Market st. car lines; with 8 substantial flats,
all rented for $120; terms, % cash.
Notice.— There never was a better
time to buy real estate. San Fran-
cisco has a brighter future than any
other city In the United States, and
offers more inducements and larger
interest than any other city.
Profitable investments from $SCO to $2,000,000
always on hand at A. M. SPECK & CO.'S. 602
Market st.
MUST be sold: southwest cor. Seventeenth and
Church; 100x100. with improvements; make
offer. Apply GEO. W. H. PATTERSON, 1709
Market Ft.
$1700— HANDSOME cottage, 4 rooms: bath;
basement; large lot; street work done; hi
cash. Apply 324 North aye., near Cort'.and st.
$1750— CORNER 56x10: one block from Castro
st. Apply to A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market.
FOR SALE— House and lot, 139 State st.
NICE little sunny new home; 4 rooms and bath;
$100 cash, $15 per mon'.h, buys It. THE MC-
CARTHY CO., 646 Market Bt.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TO RENT in Contra Costa County, on San
Pablo Creek; 8 miles from Berkeley, 1150
acres land; well watered, woswt*d; 350 acres
good grain land; balance excellent pasture;
suitable milk or stock ranch; R. R. facilities:
crops never fail. R. E. Kowland, Orlnda Park
FOR Sale — Stock ranch, 1200 acres land; 500
acres fine grain land: remainder grazing, hill
land; abundant feed: well sheltered and
watered: situated in Colusa County, 16 miles
from railroad; price $10 per acre. Apply to
MRS. M. S. CHANDON, Marysville, Cat.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
HOUSE and lot and four other lots in Stock-
ton will exchange for No 1 lodging house in
this city. Apply 116 Leidesdorff st. ; landlady
v pstai rs.
FOR SALE or exchange— Fine improved 10-acre
fruit farm in Creseenta Valley, 10 miles from
Los Angeles: paradise for invalids. 0». KUB-
ERTSON. 11" Sixth st.
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal; no commission; no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1023 Mission St., above
Bixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry '
Store, 943 Market St. ; tel. Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion ; lowest interest. Room 68. 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Powell St.
ANT amount at 6V4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. I.
COLONIAL Inv. Co.— Money on any proposi-
tion; city, country: furn. 405 Montgomery, r. 4.
ON pianos, furniture, without removal; no
commission: private. LICK, 116 McAllister st.
FIRST and second mortgages, estates; city and
country. J. W. WRIGHT. 630 Market St.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
estates a Ep-cialty. MURPHY. 63C Market st.
$60 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FINANCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. SYL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 323 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
MARK HOPKINS Institute of Art— Special
life classes have been formed for women,
every Monday, Wednesday and Friday even-
ings, $5 per month or $16 per term; antique ;
classes, $5 per month or $10 per term; day
elfcaMS, 5 days per week, $10 per month or
$37 50 per term; Saturday class. $12 per term.
For further particulars apply at (school build-
ing, corner Mason and Pine sts., to J. R.
MARTIN, Secretary.
A ST. CELIAN choral Is' being formed by M.
Merigan, organist St. Dominic's; 100 voices
wanted every Wednesday evening: entrance
and dues first month, $1; includes thorough
vocal instruction: sight reading; blackboard
used: private lessons: voice piano organ. Ap-
ply 1 to 5 p. m., hall 5, 102 O'Farrell st.-, or
residence. 1302 Webster, mornings, evenings.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post st— Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
iner. telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1592: catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches and special course for civil sen-ice
examinations, etc.: life scholarship, $o0; low
rates per week and month. .
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Athcrton,
nr. Charming way, Berkeley ; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School— Civil. electriC&L min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.;
est. 1564. VAN DER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
VOCAL studio reopened at 811 Leavenworth St.,
near Sutter.
PIANO and German; pupil ot Conservatory In
Leipslc; lessons, 75 cents. 110 Hyde st.
MME. Annis Montague Turner, vocal instruc-
tions; correct and natural method. 930 Bush.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr, 572 Parrott bldg.
SHORTHAND taught In 1 month; references;
private lessons; terms $10. 712 Van Ness aye.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell;
16 yrs experience. Press Club bldg., 123 Ellis.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare
classes; pri. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush.
CHEAPEST and best l.i America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any iddress in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
paid.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate when you can get
a metal plate for the same price; our com-
bination metal plate, thin as paper and so
light it floats. Full set of teeth. $5; crowns,
$3 SO up; gold fillings, $1 up; silver, 50c up;
bridge work a specialty; written guarantee
for 10 years given on all work; we employ
none but experienced dentists to do your
work; no charge for extraction when plates
are ordered; examination and consultation
free. DRS. PERRY & CHRISTIE, 8 Maaon
St., corner Market; phone, South 781.
A FULL set of teeth, $5: see new flexibls
plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 60o; crowns. $3 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
CROOME Dental Parlors, 759 Market St., be-
tween Third and Fourth — Painless filling, ex-
tracting, crowning and bridging by use of
electricity; plates, $5 up ;filling, 50c up; crowns
and bridges, $6 up; extracting, with gas, $1.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of Improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
907 Market St., corner Sixth.
PAINLESsI^XTRACTION, BRIDGE WORK—
New York methods at New York prices by
New York dentists. 963 Mission st., oor. Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable: gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Wnnl ails an'l subscriptions t*k"n.
PROPOSALS^
PROPOSALS for Inside Sliding Blinds, Mission
High School.
Office Board of Education, San Francisco,
December 12, 189G.— In accordance with a reso-
lution adopted by the Board of Education of
th^? City and County of San Francisco, sealed
proposeftls will be received by the Superin-
tendent of Common Schools, in open session
of the Board of Education, on Wednesday,
September 14 IS9S, at 4 o'clock p. m., for In-
side sliding blinds for Mission High School,
at the northwest corner of Eighteenth and
Dolores streets. In said city and county, in
accordance with plans, which may be seen at
the office of Charles I. Havens, architect of
said board, room 55, Flood building, southwest
corner Fourth and Market streets.
Each bid must be accompanied by a certi-
fied check, as required by the specifications.
The party or parties to whom contracts may
be awarded will be required prior to or at
the time of the execution of contracts to pay
the cost of advertising this notice.
Blank proposals furnished by the Secretary.
The board reserves the right to reject any
or all bids, or any portion of any bid, as the
public good may require.
CHAS. M. WELCH, Secretary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$400— A MODEL home; house of 6 rooms, bath
and basement; up to date property; fine, largw
lot; best buy in Oakland; GaUndo Tract.
East Oakland; a charming view and grand
elevation; city water and sewer; Peralta aye.
and Belmont st: price $1400.
$12;>— Grand building lots; 35x114; $10 cash;
monthly payments to suit.
You can buy any sized lot you may desire and
at one-half real value. Call or send for circu-
lar. 455 Seventh st., corner Broadway. Oak-
land; carriage free. H. Z. JONES, owner.
FOR SALE— Nice 4-room cottage, hard fin-
ished; bath; brick well; large lot; near
Berkeley local; school and 2 electric car lines;
$400 cash, balance same as rent; no agents.
For particulars address S. R., box 4, Call of-
fice. Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
TO Let — Country cottage, new, pretty, all con-
veniences, partly furnished; fine view; good
climate; half hour's drive from Oakland;
terms for winter low. Box 694, Call office.
FURNISHED to rent by Oct. 1, or sooner,
whole or part of lovely 7-room house, corner;
rent to suit; responsible parties. Address
box 1212, Call office.
WANTED— 2OO FAMILIES FOR 200 HOUSES
in Oakland; rent Is cheap and we have the
be«t nf every kind; write (stating want) or
call for list. WM. M. DE WOLF. 1068 Broad-
way, Oakland.
OAKLAND DRESSMAKING.
LADIES' coats, gowns and suits. MRS. E.
CHATMAN. 808 27th St.. nr. San Pablo.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and cheap. H. SCHELL-
HAAS' old gtore. 408 Eleventh st. See him.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE.
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $3280, $2600, $3000.
Tho above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown on the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations.
We are going to weed them out, and Invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL,
Bay-st. station, Alameda, and 630 Market St., j
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
FOR Sale— Cheap; 35x115; house and lot. 1825
Pacific aye., 2 blocks from Grand station.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FINE home near the hills; large house; lot
120x135; corner; beautiful view; must be sold
at once; a snap. JOS. J. MASON, Berkeley
Station.
ORDERED by the bank to Bell; house of 5
rooms, in thorough good condition; large lot;
Street work all done; cement walks; near j
Dwli?ht way station; a first-class chance for ]
a bargain. J. J. MASON, Real Estate, Berke- j
ley Station.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works — Cleans,
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
J. McQUEEN'S Cal. Carpet-cleaning Co., 46»
Stevenson St.; tel. South 225; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; relaid at 3c
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
Bt. ; cleaning 3c yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 833 Golden
Gate aye. ; tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter St.;
tel. Main 3'j4. GEO. Wni.rQM. Proprietor.
STORAGE.
j PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co..
I office Tenth and Market; telephone South 166.
! FURNITURE, trunks, etc. Golden West Stor-
, age Warehouse, 840 Mission st. ; tel. Mint 1821.
BICYCLES.
I WILL sell 16 new 1897 high-grade bicycles j
(sold In 1597 for $100) at $39; biggest bargain .
; of the year; first come, first served. JOSEPH ■
HOLLE. Twentieth and Folsom sts. j
LEGAL NOTICES^
REFEREE'S sale in partition— ln the Superior
| Court of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, State of California, Department No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN, Plaintiffi vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et ale.. Defendant*. Caua*
No. 62,117.
Notice Is hereby given that under and In
I pursuance of the interlocutory decree in par-
tition and order of tale heretofore duly made
and given in the above-entitled court and !
cause, and thereafter, to wit, on the 6th day
of April, IESB, duly entered of record therein
by which said interlocutory decree of saij !
court, the undersigned. G. H. Unibsen. wu
appointed by consent in open court of all th« !
parties to said action, ac sole referee in said
cause, for the purpose of molting sale of the
real property hereinafter described, ana by
which said decree it was directed that said '
real property be sold at public auction in the I
manner required by law. the undersigned, as I
j «uch referee, will, on Monday, the 12th day
i of September, 1898, at the hour of twelve (U)
I o'clock m. , at the real estate office and sales-
rooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No. 14 !
Montgomery street, in the City and County of '
Ban Francisco, State of California, «elf at :
public auction in separate parcels to the '
highest bidder for cash in United States gold i
coin, and subject to confirmation by said Su- !
pcrior Court, those certain lots, piece- or par- I
C«ls of real property situate, lylnr and being
in fiald City and County of San Francisco
Etate of California, and bounded aad io-
■crlbed as follows, to wit: v-
Fir*t— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna fctreet twenty-fly (25) f e «t
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty
(80) feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at ritrht angles
southeasterly eighty (80) feet to Minna street '
j and the point of beginning, being a portion of !
: lot number ten of the One Hundred Vara Sur- '.
vey, as laid down on. the official map of the '
City and County of Ban Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred vara lot.
Second— Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
■treet with the westerly Un» of Octavia street
running thence southerly alonir said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
i angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) fact. thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
tlghty-seven and six twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement. b«in«r a part of
Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
• westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
I two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of i
Second "and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement being the northeasterly corner oj
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running !
1 thence northerly at right angles with Minna
etr»et and along the easterly line of New '
Montgomery street eighty (80) feet thencs
at right angles easterly and parallel with '
Minna street flfty-nine and six-twelfths
(ES 6-12) feet, thence at right angles southerly
and parallel with New Montgomery street ,
eighty (B<>> feet to the northwesterly line of '
Minna street, and thence at right angles
WPSterly along the northwesterly line of ;
Minna street flfty-nine and six-twelfth*
(59 6-12) feet to the point of commencement,
i being a subdivision of the one hundred vara ■
1 lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor- j
ncr of Sanchez and Duncan Ftreetn. running
thence westerly along the northerly line of
Duncan street eighty (SO) feet, thence north- i
«rly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
dred ani fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east- '
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty ($0) :
feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly alone
the westerly line of Sanchez street one hun- :
dred and fourteen (U4) feet to Duncan '
I street the point of commencement, together
with the Improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of .
■ale. Balance of purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale by said Superior Court and
delivery of deed.
Dated this 19th day of August. 1W«.
G. H. UMRSEN.
Bole Referee Appointed by Said Superior
DINKELSPEIL & GESFORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff, No. 805 Claus Sprack-
elg Building. San Francisco.
LICENSES^
Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows: j
Francisco Revello and Teresa Dapelo 29-17 |
I James P. Ares and Lillian A. Graham 2.-2- j
William J. Totten and Lillian Daniels 22-21
Benedict Fleischer and Carrie Goldman ...ll'-2T |
i Oliver A. Harker and Kate A. Fries 2C-1S j
j R. L. Anderson and Lerena C. Ramacclottt. 35-22
Henry Merz and Lillian J. Myers 21-21' j
Richard Dixon and Frances Shaver 3>>-»
Robert E. Swan and Edith A. Harmon 21-1S j
r-hnrlps Plant and Mari.-t C. Hamrnes 32-2fi |
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mall will not be inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publlcantion offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence of
persons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
j BLTWIBE— In this city, September 6 IJ9B, to
[ the wife of M. Blywise, a daughter.
BOWLER— In this city, August 27. 1898. to the
wife of Maurice T. Bowler, a daughter.
MEINHOLD— In South San Francisco. July 30,
IS:<S, to the wife of Fredrick lleinhold, a son.
SPAULDING— In Oakland. Spptember 127 1898.
to th-» wife of E. W. Bpauldlnc, a son.
MARRIED.
G-ITZEL— TRUHN— In this city. September 11.
IS9S, by the Rev. Hermann Gehrcke. Ferdi-
nand Gltzel and Hermlne Truhn, both of San
Francisco. ■' ..
KEE— JONES— In this city, September 11, 1898,
by the Rev. W. S. t'rmy. Edward J. Kee of
San Francisco and Florence M. Jones of
Fresno. Cal.
KUTTNER-STARK— In Stockton. Cal.. Sep-
tember 11, UK, by the Rev. Dr. Davidson,
Maurice Kuttner and Maude Stark, both of
San Francisco.
WIPEKOPF— JEWELL— In this city, Septem-
I •■:■ 11, 189S, by the Rev. M. S. Levy, Sig
Wisekopf and Charlotte Jewell.
DIED.
Bauch, Joseph Hlngsberger, Cather-
Bell, Mattie lne E.
Benders, Annie Hoar* Daniel
Bennett. Edwin Huchard. Rosie
Buechert. Anna Hurley. Han-ra
Cronin. Jeremiah Lettich. Anton
Derham. Richard J. McDevitt. Bridget
Duff. Mildred J. Sparks. William
Escalle. Joseph Sourdry. Claudlne
Fisk, Leander Sweeney. John F.
, Gannon. Mary Wall. Thomas F.
Ghisla, Fred A. Wallace. William 3.
Glick. Kolman Worth. Obed
Heywood, Vienna
BAl'CH— In this city. September 12. 183?, Jo-
seph Bauch, a native of Germany, aged 58
years.
BELL— In this city. September 11. 1898, Mat-
tie, beloved daughter of the late Dr. A. W.
Bell and Hewson, and sister of Wallace.
Leonard, Lilly and Percy Hewson, a native
of San Jose, Cal., aged 35 years.
BENDERS— In this city, September 12. IS9S,
Annif, beloved wife of Arthur P. B»nrl,?rs.
and mother of Mabel, Bias and the late Mary
Benders, a native of Oakland, Cal., aged 32
year?.
BENNETT— In this city, September 11, 1898,
Edwin Bennett, father of Mrs. Stanley J.
Aitken, a native of Cornwall, England, aged
51 years.
BT'ECHERT — In San Rafael, September 11.
IS9S, Anna Buechert, beloved mother of
George Buechert, and grandmother of Mrs.
E. A. Starke and Mrs. M. A. Jenk.s. a native
of Germany, aged 92 years 2 months and 2
days.
(CTFuneral will be held this day (Tues-
day), from the residence of E. A. Starke.
Fourth street, between Shaver and F.
CRONIN— In this city, September 10, IS9B.
Jeremiah, beloved husband of tho late Mar-
garet Cronin, and father of James. Mamie.
John, Gertrude and Thomas Cron'.n. a na-
tive cf County Cork, Ireland, aged 57 years.
ITT'Fricnds and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
J. C. O'Connor & Co., 767 Mission street.
thence to St. Patrick's Church for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
DERHAM— In this city, September 11. 1890.
Richard John, beloved son of Terence and
Elizabeth Derham. and brother of Mary Der-
ham, a native of San Francisco, aged 12
years a.nd 8 months.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 973 Bryant street, between
Seventh and Eighth, thence to St. Joseph's
Church, where a requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of his soul, com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cros3
Cemetery.
DUFF— In this city, September 12, IS9B, Mil-
dred Jeanette. beloved and only daughter of
George W. and Jeanette Duff, a native of
San Francisco, aged 2 years 7 months and 18
days.
jjTht funeral will take place this aay
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of the parents, 70S Buchanan street. Inter-
ment private, Mount Calvary Cemetery.
Please omit flowers.
KSCALLF— Tr Larkspur. September 11, 1898,
Joseph. l>elnved brother of Jean. Ernestine.
Peter and Fidel E.«calle. and brother-in-law
of Mrs. Ellen Escalle, a native of France,
aged 31 years. .■ . -
(C?" The funeral will take place to-morrow
("Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the. residence
of J. Escalle at Larkspur. Interment strictly
private. ■■■■..•■:.■: .- •■■ ;<
FISK— In Oakland, September 10. IS9B. Lean-
der, beloved husband of Fannie \V. Fisk.
and uncle of Miss Carrie C. Triplett, a native
of Connecticut, aged .78 years 7 months and
IS days. ... . ,
icy Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at .10 o'clock, from St. John's
Episcopal Church, corner of Eighth and
Grove streets, Oakland. Interment Mountain
View Cemetery. "•. ..
GANNON— In this city, September . 12. 1898,
Mary, .beloved wife of Peter Gannon, mother
of Mary and Sarah Gannon and the late Mag-
gie McSwegan, and grandmother of Mamie
McSwegan, ! a native of County Derry, Ire-
land, aged 58 years. . . - •
GHISLA— In this city, September 12, 1898, Fred
A. Ghisla, a ■ native of San Francisco, aged
■24 i^ears and 2 months. "~?V " V 7" \ -' '.
GLICK— In this city, September 12. 1898,' Kol-
- man Click, beloved father of Mrs. A. Cohn,
Mrs. A. Hopp, Mrs. T. Solomon and Harry,
Ray, Samuel, Milton and Charles Glick. a
native of Austria, aged 69 years. ' -■■ '.
' IC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
■ fully Invited to .attend the funeral this day
. (Tuesday^." 1 at 10 o'clock, ■ from his late resi-
dence, : 426 Fell i street. Interment ' Hills of
Eternity Cemetery by carriages. ■." '
HEYWOOD— In Berkeley, September 11, 1898,
Vienna, beloved wife of W. B. Heywood, a
native of New York, aged 68 years.
[CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the First Bap-
I tist Church. Alston way, opposite Fulton
street, Berkeley. Interment private.
HINGSBERGER— In this city, September 12,
IS9B, .Catherine Emlla, only beloved daughter
of Fred L. and Marie Hinscsben?er, a native
of San Francisco, aged 4 years 2 months and
22 days. ', ; ..'■''
HOAR— In this city, September 10, 1593, Daniel,
dearly beloved husband of Mary Hoar,
brother of the late.. Thomas D.. Hoar, and
brother-in-law of Charles F. and John M.
Reynolds, a native of Boston. Mass., -aged- 35
years 4 months and 21 days, j
ETFrlentis and acquaintances are respect
fully Invited to attend • the funeral this day
■' < Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1821 Dupont street, corner of Chestnut.
HUCHARD— In this city, September 12. 1898,
Rosie, beloved wife of August Huchard. and
sister of Barney Mclnerny. a native of County
Cork Ireland, apred 42 years.
[TT"Friends- and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
riPi'ler.ce, U Harriet street, thence to St.
Patrick's Church, where a requiem high maps
will be celebrated for the repose of her sou!,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
HURLEY— In this city, September 11, 1898,
Hanora, beloved wife of Patrick Hurley, a
native of County Cork, Ireland, aged 59
years.
CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 514 Webster street, thence to Sacred
Heart Church, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery-
LETTICH— In this city, September 12. 1898,
Anton, beloved husband of Margaret Lettich,
and father of Peter, Antone, John and James
Lettich, a native of Austria, aged 61 years
and 10 months.
ITTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8;30 o'clock, from his late
residence. 3r.73 Eighteenth street, thence to
Mission Dolores Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
McDEVITT— In this city, September 11. 189 S.
Bridget, wife of the late Phillip McDevitt,
and sister of Police Officer Thomas Meehan
and Mr«. Annie Conroy. a native of the par-
ifh of Innlskeen. County Monaghan, Ire-
land, acted 49 years.
CTTriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. 16 Federal street, thence to St.
Brendan's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SPARKS— In this city, September 11, 1898,
William, beloved husband of Rertha Sparks,
formerly of New York, and beloved uncle of
George and Blanche Elliot, a native of Sus-
sex County. England, aged 5S years 6 months
and 1 day. (New York City papers please
copy. )
(TTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
rsoid^nce, 261? Bush street. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
SOURDRY —In Oakland, September 8. 1838,
Claudine, beloved .wife of the late John G.
Bourdfy, and mother of Countess de Hejron of
Paris, France, and the late Edward V. Sour-
dry. a native of France, aged 75 years 3
months and 14 days.
(r>"Not'.ce of funeral hereafter.
SWEENEY--In this city, September 11, IW,
John F. Sweeney, a native of Clonmell,
County Tlpperary. Ireland, aeed 61 years.
(T^TThe funeral will take place to-morrow
(Wednesday), at <» o'clock, from the parlors
of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness avenue,
thence to St. Mary's Cathedral for services.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
WALL— In thin city, September !), U9S, Thomas
F. Wall, a native of Portland. Me., aged 40
years.
WALLACE— In this city, September U. 1898,
William J., beloved son of the late Wllllaip
and Catherine Wallace, a native of Sa#i
Francisco, aged 33 years.
WORTH— In this city. September 12. 1898, Obed
Worth, a native of N'antucket, Mass., aged 75
years.
ICT Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co., 2666
Mission street. Mission Mus'-ntf Temple.
lAIcAVOY & GALLAGHER/:
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAU4EKB '+
- V> ;; 20 KTTH ST., opp. Llnooln 8«i4»l. " " •. ■
•.,':.» -•- -- : Telephone. 3outhj_BQ^____^_]__ H
1112
THE TRUTH
ABOUT THE
FOX CASE
Van Fleet's Opinion Correctly
Construed by Eminent
Legal Minds.
The Ingenious and Malicious Campaign
Falsehood Has Been Halted on Its
Travels.
The poor old Examiner is at Its tricks
again. It continues to act upon the
old precept that a lie well stuck to is
as good as the truth. Once more it is
endeavoring to set afloat its intentional
misconstruction of the opinion of the
Supreme Court in the case of Loren Fox
against the Oakland Consolidated Rail
way Company.
The Examiner on September 10, 1897,
published criticisms of Justice Van
Fleet's opinion from Bishop Newman,
Rev. E. R. Dille, A. Furuseth, H. C.
Hinken, E. S. Barney. W. M. Page and
Mayor Phelan. The expressions of
these persons were based on the repre
sentations of the Examiner, and it is
6afe to say that not one of these men
had read the decision. Bishop New
man in his signed statement admits
that he had not read it. However, it
was made to appear to these men by
the Examiner that Justice Van Fleet
had discriminated against the poor in
that he had virtually declared that the
life of a poor man's son was not worth
as much to his father as the life of a
rich man's son. The criticisms, thus
obtained, were naturally of the same
tenor as the Examiner's representation
of the matter to these men, some of
whom were thus led into putting a con
struction on Justice Van Fleet's opin
ion almost directly opposite to the idea
actually conveyed therein. Had these
misguided men read the opinion they
would never have been led into com
mitting such a gross injustice upon a
fair minded Judge.
The Examiner, taking an undue ad
vantage of these parties, made a sen
sational spread of the matter under the
scare head, "Are Men Created Free
and Equal? How the Supreme Court in
the Loren Fox Case is Being Criticized
by the General Public." It will be seen
from the above names that the Exami
ner has a very limited idea of "the gen
eral public." However, the Examiner
almost immediately discovered that it
had got its foot in it, as usual. Itr,
attempt to misconstrue Justice Van
Fleet was entirely too weak to be ac
cepted by the general public outside of
that portion of it that had unwittingly
assisted the falsifier in its underhanded
yet audacious assault. The very >ext
morning it published an article that
refuted the publication of the previous
day. It would be supposed that the
Examiner would have had decency
enough after this to not again endeavor
to deceive people by a repetition of the
falsehood. But no, it must, after the
lapse of a year, revive the lie. On
August 28 It. in an editorial, says: "But
Justice Van Fleet decides that the
value of a child's life varies in direct
ratio to the wealth of his father. It
is one law for the rich and another for
the poor."
This lie has resumed its travels, and
is making its appearance in some of
the State papers, whose editors are
prcbably as ignorant of the merits of
Judge Van Fleet's opinion as those gen
tlemen who originally furnished the
Examiner with their criticisms.
The Woodland Daily Democrat, for
instance, says: "Judge Van Fleet's de
cision as to the relative value of the
children of poor people and those of
rich people will need a good deal of ex
planation during the present cam
paign."
This is a sample of the paragraphs
that are being published. A lie — and
especially a political He — travels fast,
and it is a hard race for truth to over
take it.
The Call to-day presents interviews
on this subject from some of the best
and clearest legal minds in the State.
Among them is Garret McEnerney, the
attorney for the Examiner; W. W.
Fqote, a life-long Democrat; E. S. PiUs
bury, ex-Justice Van R. Paterson, Chief
Justice Beatty, Justice Henshaw and
Justice Baroutte. These men know
what they are talking about and their
views are presented in a clear and in
telligible manner, so that the most or
dinary person ought to be able to gain
a proper understanding of Justice Van
Fleet's opinion.
Chief Justice W. H. Beatty- There is
absolutely nothing in the opinion in the
■way of discrimination between rich and
poor.
There is nothing in the opinion relat
ADVEETISEMENTS.
\s.R. MILLER, mO J$ If
I saw your advertisement of Ccticura
. Remedies in the Philadelphia " Record," and
paid only $2.00 for CuncroxA. Resolvent,
CrrnctTßA (ointment), and Cuticcka. Soap.
j which cured me of Salt Rheum on my hands
' of 20 years' standing.
I had the worst hands I have ever seen.
At first my hands and fingers broke out in
red, watery blisters with terrible itching, so \\
could nearly twitch the skin off my fingers in -
agony, then after the watery fluid would come
out, there would a scab form with matter un-
der it, which would peel off and coma in great
cracks, the blood running out in streams. '
My finger nails grew out in wrinkles like a ;
cow's horns and the roots of the nails were so
. affected that I lost six nails, three off each
iiand, but now they have grown out nice and
bnooth. lam very thankful to you for Ccti-
ci-ka. S. B. MILLER, Robertsdale, Pa.
ECZEMA and every kind of torturing, hnmill.
nting, disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, and
scaly skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss of
hair. Is Instantly relieved and speedily cured by
warm baths > with '. CUTICURA ; SOAP, ■ gentle
anointings with CUTICURA (ointment), purest of
emollient skin i cures, followed • by mild ; doses
of CUTICURA RESOLVENT, greatest of blood
I purifiers and humor cures, when all else falls. ■-
Pottir Pri-o aitd Cn*v. Gobi*.. Sole Prep* Boston.
*r " lie to Curs Lruj Kind £ccema,' r maW
| ing to the value of a life, whether of rich
:or poor. The action was for damages for
, loss of services, not for loss of life, and
; the whole question in the case was
; whether the evidence was sufficient to
show that the child's services during his
; minority would have been worth $6000,
and the whole decision was that the evi
dence did not prove that fact. In dis
cussing this question it was said— as has
been said in othf-r cases in other States—
i that there is a presumption that the child,
i if he had not been killed, would have fol
lowed during his minority the occupation
of his father. It is upon this expression
that all adverse criticism has been ex
pended, and it is from this that the con
clusion has been drawn that the court
was discriminating in favor of the rich
against the poor. But in truth the discrim
ination, if any had been intended, would
have been the other way; for it is a fact
; universally known that the children of
the rich and prosperous rarely earn
anything for their parents.
All the fault found with this decision
! proceeds from the assumption that in an
| action of this kind the parent can re
i cover the value of his child's life. But
! this is a wholly mistaken view. There is
!no pecuniary measure of the value of
j human life, and neither courts nor juries
! can estimate it in money. The Legisla
j ture might fix such a valuation by law,
but in this State the Legislature has
never done so, and the courts in the
meantime can give a bereaved parent
no redress for the loss of his child ex
cept the probable value of his services,
which, being purely conjectural, can only
be estimated upon the presumption that
he will follow some useful occupation,
and that during his minority that will be
the occupation of his father.
Garret W. McEnerncy— The Supreme
Court did not decide In the case of Lorin
Fox vs. The Oakland Consolidated Rail
way Company (Us Cal. 55) that the value
of the life of a rich man's son is greater
than that of a poor man's son, nor did the
court decide any proposition from which
that conclusion ensues, either directly or
remotely. In fact, Judge Van Fleet, who
wrote the opinion, lays down the very op
posite at the foot of page 64 of the report.
He there says, following the language of
Judge Dillon:
•There is not in this country one rule of law for
t\l rich and a different rule for t/ie poor."
It will therefore be seen that the deci
sion doe 6 not make one rule for the rich
and a different rule for the poor.
As I have already said, the decision does
not establish any proposition from which
that conclusion ensues, either directly or
n-motely. A few facts will make this very
plain.
The plaintiff, Lorin Fox, is a plumber
and tinner by trade. He resided with nis
wife and their children, consisting of a
daughter 13 years of age and a boy 4Vs
years, on Tenth street, near Franklin, in
Oakland. The boy strayed over to Frank
lin street, violating his mother's instruc
tions in so doing, went upon the track of
the Oakland Consolidated Railway Com
pany, was run down by one of its cars
and killed. The father sued for damages.
The jury gave $6000. The Supreme court
set this verdict aside on the ground that
the damages were greater than the law
allowed to be given in such a case.
It is a rule of law, made before Judge
Van Fleet was born, and which he is
bound to apply to the cases which come
before him for decision, and which rule
he has no more right to set aside than I
have, that a parent can only recover for
the loss of an infant child through negli
gence "the probable value of the services
of the deceased until he had attained his
majority, taking into consideration the
cost o£ his support and maintenance dur
ing the early and helpless part of his
life."
Judge Van Fleet pointed out that, ac
cording to all of the probabilities of the
case, the child would nut have earned for
his father, between the time of his death
and his arrival at majority had he lived,
after deducting all expenses of support
and maintenance, the sum of $6000.
That being so, the verdict had to be set
aside. The parent can only recover what
the earnings of the child would have
amounted to during minority. When a
child arrives at his majority his earn
ings no longer belong to his parents.
The decision up to this point is, there
fore, not only free from just criticism, but
t has heretofore been free from any criti
j dam at all. But it is said that in a partic
ular portion of the decision a rule is an
nounced which makes the value of the
life of a rich man's son greater than that
of a poor man. Thfr particular language
which is supposed to involve this result
s the following:
"And while in no sense conclusive, we
have the right, and it is most reasonable
in judging of the probable character of
iccupation the deceased would have pur
<ucd, to regard, with the other circum
uances surrounding him, the calling of
his father— since experience teaches that
children do very frequently pursue the
-iime general class of- business as that of
; their parents. (AValters vs. Chicago etc.
I K. R. Co., 41 lowa, 71. 73.)"
This language simply moans that it had
'■ten decide (1 by the Supreme Court of
lowa that although great numbers of
i hildren do not follow the occupations of
their fathr-rs, nevertheless, in dealing
with the unknown future of a child killed
in infancy, it Is proper to consider the oc
cupation of his father, because experience
teaches that children do frequently follow
the same general class of business as that
followed ny their parents. Judge Van
I Fleet adopted the rule as a reasonable
This language and rule have been sup
posed to involve the result that more
damages would be awarded to a rich man
on the death of his son through negli
gence than would be awarded to a poor
man upon the death of his child. The
very contrary is the result, although the
rule is universal, applying to all classes
aliyre.
It is a matter of universal knowledge
that the children of poor men become
bread earners earlier than the children of
rich men. If a man Is poor and has a
large family, It Is Important— lndeed, ab
solutely necessary— that his children
should become self-suportlng bread win
ners and bread earners earlier In life than
the children of his more fortunate nelgh
i bore. So that the humbler a man's call
! ing may be th\ value of his child's life to
i him. under this rule of law. Is all the
greater.
Take a laborer with a large family and
apply the rule to his cnse, and then ap
ply It to that of a lawyer or a physician
In the case of a laborer, his poorly paid
labor must support a large family until
his children arrive at an age when they
can contribute something to the support
of the household. As soon as that time
arrives his children become bread-win
ners, and the earlier they become bread
winners the more value In a pecuniary
sense and under this rule of law are
those children to him.
On the other hand, if the sons of a
lawyer or a physician follow the callings
of their fathers, they cannot become and
they are not, bread-winners until after
they attain their majority. A lawyer can-
S, ot i£ admitted to practice until he is
21. The trninlng necessary to fit a man
! for the CRlllng of a physician takes him
i past his majority. So that, in the two
last named cases, the rule that they
would probably follow the callings of
their fathers would make their pecuniary
value, under this rule of law, much less
than the pecuniary value of the sons of
a laborer whose lot in life makes it nec
essary for him to find remunerative em
ployment for his children long before they
attain the age of majority.
Of course, this rule of" law lays out of
view the sentimental side of life For
considerations of public policy, which had
their origin generations ago, it was de
cided that parents cannot recover for tfc*
mental anguish with which they are over
whelmed by the cruel deaths of their chil
dren, but that they can only recover the
pecuniary loss sustained by them.
The whole doctrine of compensation is
founded upon the rule that during the
J minority of a child his narenta ore en
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, SEPTEMBER 13, 1893.
titled to his earnings. So that all that
can be recovered in Such a case is what
the child would probably have earned,
less what it would have cost to maintain
him before he earned anything and while
he was earning his wages. Whatever that
sum amounts to by calculation, that the
parent is entitled to recover and no more.
I therefore say that Judge Van Fleet
decided that there was not one rule for
the rich and another rule for the poor.
The rule which he laid down had been
laid down generations ago, and it was just
that which I have stated.
Under the rule it is very clear that those
who go earlier to bread-winning employ
ment are of the greater pecuniary value
to their parents. And it is not true that
the case decided, or that it involves the
result, that a rich man's son is more
valuable than a poor man's.
Justice F. VV. Henshaw— The idea that
this opinion discriminates against the chil
dren of poor is based upon a total mis
understanding and does Justice Van Fleet
a grave injustice.
The measure of damages In such cases
is the estimated net value of the services
of the child to the parent during his mi
nority. Such has always been the rule of
recovery, such it was declared In the opin
ion to be, and such it will continue to be
until changed by the Legislature. If it is
deemed a harsh rule it is to be remem
bered that it was framed long before Jus
tice Van Fleet was born and that he is
not responsible for it.
There is no way of determining in any
case exactly what a child would have
earned. Therefore, the best that can be
done is to estimate what probably he
would have earned. In estimating this
the jury takes into consideration the con
dition and situation of the parents and
the probable occupation of the child dur
ing minority. For it must be supposed
that the child will follow some occupation
or it could earn nothing. Is a child more
likely during his minority to follow his
father's occupation, or some other? The
opinion says he is more likely to follow
that of his father, and while the whole
matter is problematical that view accords
with the common observation of mankind.
As a poor man's son may likely earn
something for the support of his parents
during minority and as a rich man's son
will probably earn nothing during the
same period, it follows that so far from
the opinion declaring either directly or
by inference that a rich man's son is
worth more than is a poor man's, the ex
act converse is the truth. Under the prin
ciples announced in the opinion a poor
man would ordinarily recover more in
such an action than would a rich man.
W. W. poote— i r ou asked my opinion as
to the onistruction to be placed upon the
opinion of Judge Van Fleet In the case of
Fox against the Oakland Consolidated
Street Hallway Company. I have just
made a careful examination of the case,
and cheerfully comply with your request; j
more readily for the reason that the gen- j
tlemen occupying judicial positions are
unabie to go into the newspapers to de
fend themselves, and are therefore fre
quently the subjects of abuse and calum
ny which they are utterly unable to meet
by any efforts of their own.
The case in question was an action for
damages, brought by the father for the
loss of the services of his minor son. The
jury returned a verdict of $6000. A motion
for a new trial was refused, an appeal
taken to the Supreme Court, and the
Judgment was reversed solely on the
ground that the damages awarded, $600u,
were excessive.
Any fair-minded man who examines
Judge Van Fleet's opinion, concurred in
by Justices Harrison and Beatty, will see
at a glance that there is not in the opin
ion any language which, even by distor
tion, could be construed Into the charge
made against Judge Van Fleet having
discriminated, In his opinion, in favor of
the- rich and against the poor. Judges
must follow well-known precedents or
else the whole Judicial system is a failure.
There is an unbroken current of author
ity in this State and in every other where
the common law prevails, that the only
element of damage, in cases of this kind,
is the loss to the father of the services of
the child. The reasoning in the Fox case
proceeds upon these lines entirely, and is
not subject to the adverse criticisms
which has been so frequently made
against it. The question of contributory
negligence, and, in fact, every' other ques
tion which arose in the case, except the
one as to excessive damages, was decided
in favor of the plaintiff.
No fair-minded Judge, mindful of his
oath, could have rendered any other opin
ion than the one handed down in the Fox
case, as it was presented to the Supreme
Court. The language of the opinion
clearly shows that there was no intention
to discriminate against one class as
against another. "After a careful review
of the authorities we are clearly of the
opinion that the question of the parent's
negligence in any given case cannot be
made to turn upon the state of his
finances."
Whenever the time shall arrive that
poverty or wealth are to be weighed in
the balance by Judges of our highest
courts, then the period of their usefulness
is over and a reign of anarchy will com-
mence.
I was not an attorney In the Fox case
and have no interest In It. For the last
twenty-five years I have had a large
number of cases against the railroad com
pany, never one for It, and I can conscien
tiously say, in the interests of decency
and justice, that the opinion in the Fox
case meets with my entire approval. I
comply with your request simply as a
matter of fairness and justice, and give
you my views upon this case without any
reservation whatever. If we are to elect
Democratic Judges, let us do so without
resorting to means which are questionable
and the falsification of records.
Fx-Supreme Justice Van R. Pnterson
—If I understand the matter cor
rectly those who criticize the opin
ion of Mr. Justice Van Fleet in the
case of Fox vs. the Oakland Con
solidated Railway Company, reported In
118 California, 55 et seq., claim that he
there attempted to draw some line of
caste — to define a class or grade of so
ciety separated from others by difference
of wealth, profession or employment; or
at least, that his opinion lays down a rule
of decisions in actionß by a parent for
damages resulting from the death of a
minor child through the negligence of a
corporation which is less favorable to
the case of a poor man plaintiff than to
the case of a rich man plaintiff.
If this be the contention I have no hes
itancy in saying that the construction is
directly o^nosed to what was in fact de
cided. An opinion must always be con
strued in the light of the facts of tho
case, the contentions of the parties, and
the points actually decided. Let us take
a look at this case and see -what the
court said and decided there.
It was an action by a father to re
cover damages for the death, through the
negligence of a street railway company,
of his little boy, four years and a half
old. He had a verdict for $6000, and the
corporation appealed. Counsel for appel
lant tried to convince the Supreme Court
that the verdict should be set aside on
account of the insufficiency of the evi
dence. The court refused to do so, re
gardless of any apparent preponderance
of the evidence in favor of the corpora
tion, because there appeared to be a sub
stantial conflict In the evidence. That is
the first point decided. It was also claim
ed that ihe parents were guilty of con
tributory negligence in allowing the child
to wander from the house and upon the
track of defendant. The court held that
this question was one solely for the jury,
refused to interfere, and furthermore held
in strong language that even if the par
ents were guilty of negligence they were
not precluded from recovering, because
the jury was justified In believing that
the defendant was guilty of gross negli
gence. In deciding the question as to
whether evidence was admissible to show
that the plaintiff did not employ any ser
vants, the court approved the language
of Judge Dillon: "There Is not in this
country one rule of law for the rich and
a different rule for the poor. It extends
its protecting shield over all alike."
In the first three points decided, there
fore, there is nothing to show any lean
ing toward the rich as against the poor.
That is clear.
But the portion of the opinion which
has caused criticism Is that which seems
to hold that evidence of the father's oc
cupation or profession is admissible as
some evidence to show what the calling
of the boy would hay« been if he had not
been killed. The court decided simply
that such was a matter for consideration
by the jury and the court, but did not de
cide (and here is where the misappre
hension and unjust criticism has arisen)
that this consideration was controlling
or that it was anything more than a mere
circumstance in the case, which under the
rules of evidence was a proper subject
of consideration.
In such cases no absolute rules of ad
measurement of damages can, in the na
ture of things, be fixed. The jury must
decide upon all the inferences and prob
abilities which enter into the question
"What would the boy's life be; what
would he probably earn for his father
during his minority?"
Instead of being a discrimination
against the poor parent, it Is a rule which
■will operate in his favor. A rich man's
son is not a financial help to him under
the age of majority ordinarily. A poor
man's son is almost invariably a help.
In cases of this chaisacter, the measure
of damages is practically confined to the
pecuniary value of the child's services to
his parent during his minority, taking
into consideration, the cost ot bis Busoort
and maintenance during that period. Al
though the jury is entitled to take into
consideration the fact that the parents
have been deprived of the comfort and
protection of the boy during his minority,
their consideration of these elements is
practically conlined to the pecuniary value
of his services. Nothing can be allowed
as a penalty for causing his death, nor
for sorrow or grief of the parents.
I myself take no stock in a rule which
discards the chief elements of a parent s
loss through the wrongful act of another
but it is a rule which has been followed
for ages and one which the courts cannot
depart from until authorized to do so by
legislation. •
The statement in the opinion which is
criticized is but the enunciation of the
rule of evidence followed in other juris
dictions, and when properly explained to
the jury by the trial court is of very
little importance. For instance, in Wai
ters vs. Chicago Railroad Company, 41
lowa, 71-73, speaking of such testimony,
the court said: "Of course, such testi
mony is not very controlling in its char
acter. There are a thousand circum
stances which lead children into pursuits
widely different from those of their par
ents. This fact, known to every observ
ant person, should be allowed due weight
by the jury in estimating the proper reli
ance to be placed upon such testimony.'
In the opinion written by Justice Gar
outte and concurred in by Chief Justice
Beatty and Justice Harrison, it is not
held, I am very glad to say, that as mat
ter of law or matter of fact there Is «
presumption that a child will follow the
same kind of business as that of his
parents. It is simply hoid that the mat
ter is a circumstance which the defend
ant in an action for damages like this is
entitled to have submitted to the jury
and considered in determining the amount
to be allowed to the plaintiff in case he
be entitled to recover.
t. tj. Pillsbury— lt seems to me that
any wrong impression which exists about
this Fox decision is due entirely to a mis
apprehension concerning the facts of the
case. It was not a suit by the parent to
recover the value of the life of his child
but the value of his services during mi
nority. The law did not permit the lather
to recover the value of his son's life, uut
only to sue for the value of his services,
and it is unfair to criticize the Judge who
wrote the opinion because he declared
what the law was in this respect. As
early as ISBI, in a suit by Roller against
the Sutter-street Railroad Company, on
account of the killing of his infant child,
and in which I was attorney for the plain
tiff. Judge Sullivan charged the jury that
the father could only recover such a sum
as would compensate him for the loss of
the child's services during minority, and
that rule has been recognized ever since.
The record shows In this Fox case that
instead of ignoring the poverty of the
parent or ieaning against him on that ac
count, the Supreme Court expressly took
notice or" the parent's poverty as a cir
cumstance in his favor* The railroad com
pany claimed that it was such negligence
on the part of the parents to allow their
child to be near a railroad track unat
tended as to prevent any recovery what
ever. In explanation of this circumstance,
the plaintiff was allowed to show on tne
trial that the parents were too poor to
keep a servant to watch the child; t..at
the father worked away from home and
the mother had to do her own house
work; that she was engaged at washing
when the child strayed away to the track
and that they looked after the child as
closely as they could under these condi
tions. The trial court permitted this tes
timony to go in, and left it to the jury to
decide whether under these circumstances
the parents had been guilty of negligence
toward the child, and the Supreme Court
affirmed that ruling. This shows con
clusively that the poverty of the parents
cut an important figure in favor of the
father on the trial, and with the approval
of the Supreme Court. The case was re
versed, however, because the Jury found
that the value of the services of the child
during minority would have been $6000, an
amount which the Supreme Court held
to be excessive. We all know that as a
rule a boy, after reaching the age of 4^
years, does not earn as much as $6000 for
his parents while under age, after de
ducting all the expenses of his support
and education during that period. The
courts are bound to take notice of facts
which are matters of general knowledge.
It must be remembered that Chief Justice
Beatty concurred in this opinion. If there
ever was a Judge who is believed to be
fair and impartial. Judge Beatty is that
man. No one ever accused him of making
any distinction between the rich and the
poor.
M. C. Chapmnn, one of the attorneys
for the plaintiff in the case of Fox vs.
The Oakland Consolidated Street Railway
Company, speaking with a full knowledge
of all the facts, says the Supreme Court
has not laid down a rule that the law
thinks more of a rich man's Bon than it
does of a poor man's son.
Concerning the declaration of law in the
Fox case, Mr. Chapman says: "Neither is
the law declared in the Fox case new or
startling, as it assuredly would have been
had it contained any such declaration as
that which the enemies of Justice Van
Fleet assert. I say deliberately that in
that opinion, taken as a whole or by
piecemeal, there is no paragraph, no sen
tence, no word bearing any such construc
tion as that which is sought to be given
to it, and that, to the contrary, the direct,
immediate and only construction is that
for the death of his child the poor man
may recover more under the law than
could the rich parent recover for the
death of his child."
Mr. Chapman remarks that the whole
State Is interested in having wise and up
right Judges on the bench of our highest
court, and it becomes the duty of any
ope — lawyer or layman— to present the
facts when such a question as this is
agitated by the people and to endeavor
to correct an impression so prejudicial
in its effects.
"The legal effect," says Mr. Chapman,
"of the decision of the Supreme Court in
this case was to countenance on behalf
of a poor man for the death of his son a
greater recovery than could be awarded to
a rich man for the same loss. The recov
ery, it is always to be borne In mind, is
based upon the estimated value of tae
services of the rhild to the parent, having
In mind the condition in life of the child
and of his parents. The poor man shows
in court the probable earnings of his child
during minority and is awarded them ac
cordingly. In the same kind of action tne
rich man can only show that his son has
been and in the nature of tilings probably
will be a constant source of outlay and
expense to him during minority, and as a
consequence his recovery in the law must
be limited to a nominal sum."
Frederick E. Whitney, who was asso
ciated with M. C. Chapman as the plain
tiff's counsel in the case, denies that the
court held that there was one law for the
rich and another for the poor. Mr. Whit
ney, in referring to the case, said:
With the exposition of the law both
plaintiff and defendant recognized the
principles of the law, and none other were
asserted by the Supreme Court in the Fox
case. It is to be remembered that in no
case does the law fix a price upon human
life, nor does it pretend to measure the
grief or suffering of the parent for the
loss of his child. In every case, be the
child the son of a rich man or the son
of a poor man, the parent's recovery is
limited in the law to the estimated value
of the services during minority, over and
above the cost of his maintenance during
the same period. Such was the law uni
versally accepted long before the date of
the Fox case, and such is the law declared
in that decision. It Is a well known fact
that during the period of minority the
rich man's son does not earn; he spends.
The sons of poor men usually earn some
thing for their parents before reaching
a majority. The sons of rich men cost
more than they earn as a rule.
"I'pon all these matters— these estab
lished principles of law— there was no
conflict. Upon one proposition alone we
differed. It was urged by the defendant
upon appeal that $6000 was an excessive
amount, as being beyond the net value
to the parents of the services of a child
of four and a half years of age, when
deduction is made for the cost of his
maintenance. We hoped to convince the
Supreme Court that in our case a verdict
of $0000 was not excessive. We failed to
do so and accepted the result as by right
minded people It could only be accepted,
as the fair, unprejudiced and unbiased
opinion of the learned gentlemen who
compose our court of last resort, and to
whose just judgment such questions as
this are submitted."
•lusti.e C. H Garoutte— There is noth
ing in Justice Van Fleet's opinion
that can be construed as holding that the
life of a poor man's son is of less value
than that of a rich man's son. Under this
decision the poor man, as a rule, would
recover more as the probable value of his
son's services than the rich man.
His Hand Crushed.
L. Matson. residing at 1463 Jessie street,
caught his hand in a chain while working
at the Oakland Mole yesterday afternoon
and his fingers were so badly crushed
that they had to be amputated. He was
brought to this city and his injury was
dressed at the Harbor Hospital.
■ ♦ «
Fast Train Service.
The California Limited over the Santa
Fe Route will begin running on Novem
ber 2, between Los Angeles and Chicago,
leaving both Los Angeles and Chicago
every Monday, Wednesday and Saturday,
and going through In two and one-half
days— the fastest train ever scheduled be
tween California ana Chicago.
LEFT WIFE
AND BABIES
TO STRUGGLE
Charles Wieger Owns
Life a Failure.
HIS LITTLE ONES LOVED HIM
PATHETIC LETTERS BECEIVED
FROM HIS CHILDREN.
Checkered Career and Miserable End
of a Well Known Sacramento
Man Who Thought Fate
Was Against Him.
With a blessing and curse upon his lips
—the blessing for his five innocent chil
dren, whom he was abandoning to their
fate in the struggle with a world that has
not been too kind to them, and the curse
for the man whom he believed to be the
auhtor of his misfortunes— Charles Wieger
of Sacramento took his life a day or two
ago in a secluded part of Golden Gate
Park.
When Wellborer J. K. Meyer, attracted
to the spot yesterday morning by the
stench and the cloud of flies, reached the
dead body in some underbrush near the
pumping station, he saw clutched in the
right hand a small phial, which had con
tained 100 morphine pills of one-quarter
of a grain each. These the suicide had
swallowed at some period of time varying
from twenty-four to forty-eight hours
previously.
The body was brought to the Morgue,
and the clothing was searched for evi
dence as to the man's identity. On the
back of an envelope written in pencil
was this, the last message of the unfor
tunate man:
<J> God bless my darling children and <$>
<^ farewell. The sun Is almost down. &
<j> Philip Scheld, I curse you with my <j>
<§> last breath.
These messages were also found on en
velopes:
Florence, Julius, Helene, Hermine, Vera.
My five Innocent darlings. I cannot help you.
Cannot help myself. I have to go, or else I
will slip further down still. There Is a puw+i
ticket in this book for the gold watch, '/ou
can redeejn It within three months. Ints-.vat
SO cents. A steady position is what I needed.
I think I fought brave enough these last i>lx
years.
In the pockets of the dead were letters
from his daughters in Sacramento. One
from his daughter Florence is particu
larly interesting, as it shows not only the
poverty of the family, but the degrading
influences to which young girls and boys
are sometimes exposed when put out by
their parents to work at a tender age.
Florence writes under date of August 7
that she is back in "the store" again at
a salary of $10 per month. She adds that
she Is not allowed to sit down during the
day and adds:
And besides all this influence is vile. I have
to be downstairs In that receiving room base
ment a good deal, and oh! how those gir!3
and boys do act.
The boys ki^s the girls and hug them and
tickle them under the arms, and then they li'.ot
and act, it is something shocking. It dlsgVfts
and shocks me. The girls think I am very
prim and slllv because I refuse to talk slang,
read their wretched novels, and act as ti.ey
do. And .lust think. They laugh at mm, am!
tell me that when I have been there % while
I will be Just like them.
I am going to have a vacation in about two
w^eks from now, and I would like to come
down to you for a few days. 'Wouldn't you
like your big daughter to come and see you?
I am almost as tall as you are now. Five feet
six inches. • • •
Under date of Sacramento, August 9,
1898, was a letter from his little daughter
HE CUT THE GORDIAN KNOT.
CHARLES WIEGER. the
Sacramento Dry-Goods
Man, Who Poisoned
Himself in Golden Gate
Park in a Fit of De
spondency.
Hermine. It is written in a remarkably
neat hand in the vertical system of pen
manship now being taught in the public
schools of California. The following are
extracts from the letter, which under the
circumstances are more than ordinarily
pathetic:
The mall man brought such a nice big fat
letter from you to-day. I asked mamma if
it was good news. She said it was a nice In
ter, and may be we will have nice times again
like we used to have. I wish you was here
for my birthday on Wednesday to have some
of my watermelon. I will be ten years old, so
you ought to b« here to give me ten birthday
kisses. • • • We have four cats now, their
names are Mary, Sally, Dewey and Sampson,
and I guess they will be glad when vacation
Is over, because they get so many beatlnga
from Verm.
Another daughter, who signs her letter
"Your loving little dickey bird," writes:
I can't write very much because Hermlne
has got ahead of me, and bu more to Bay,
Purchasers' Guide to Responsible Merchants, Manufacturers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Wholesale Traders, Jobbers, Insurance and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Corresponding With Any of the Following Firms Pletse Mention "The CalL"
ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtlstlr. Furniture and firt Ware importers,
117 SUTTER STREET.
.7 AUCTIONEERS.
Live Stock Ifll I ID *f A " MontjromiTy St..
Auctioneers. I* vIF- Pan Francisco.
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
nru CrHftFWlVfi Fh!r=plnc trade supplied.
niH- JVUUCWIIMI, 63f Broadway street.
• BELTING.
Ln npfiEW Manufacturer of Beltinc* nnd
. r. ifEUCn, Lace Leather. 105-107: Mia-
slon St., cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
BOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
W. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Special Attention Paid to Repair? and Ship Work.
Office and Works— U3-115 MISSION STR3BT
Telephone Main 5045.*
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
' 342 to 350 Geary Street. Above Powell,
 :" Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.  '
J. C. WILSON & COS
GOO BATTERY STREET.
-' Telephone Main 1864, -'.
COPPERSMITH.
Joseph Fox. Rupt. :. " . ■'. ■': : H. Blyt.h. Mtrr. „
C. W. Smith. Ship . Plumbinsr, SteamlM>at
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18
Washington St. Telephone, Main 5041.
DENTIST.
DR. C- W- boards, ik^ffigw
; DRUGGISTS (WHOLESALE).
REDINGTON&CO, s s oT s n nana TT n e d , s &n n i
FIRE INSURANCE.
EDWARD OWN & SON.
411-413 California street, rear.
Capital Represented. ... ......: over $14,000,000 i
FLOUR.
NATION AT FFurI °ur Mills. J. Martensteln & Co.
11A11V1XAL. SW. cor. Battery and Pacific sts.
, FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAS BOYES & CO., Shipping Butehet* 1M
JAj> BuIEJ tt V/U,, Clay. Tel. UamlSi
■,-.. i FURS. ~~"^
T\ VftrflUP Furrier, all work guaranteed.
Ail- ftUIAJUIi £% Kearny St.. upstairs.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LEIBOLD HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln si., S. F.
Wholesale - and Retail Manufacturers of all
kln'ls of Harness and dealers in Buggies.
Carts, etc. If you want bargains call or writ*
HARDWARE.
T)ALACE Hardware Co., lmporters Dealers
* In Hardware. 603 Market. Tel. Main 752.
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
All 111 ft ' Hunters' Equipments, Fishing
Im 1 1 MX Tackle, Athletic Goods, etc. . Send
11 11 11 fj for catalogue. GEO. W. SHREVE.
V% " IW 739 Market street.. .: • 
I will send you some nice big round o o o o o
o o o, and these are hugs, 8 s s s. • • • Her
mlne wrote you about Sunday-school, but I
have been there a little longer than she .has,
and I learnt about Paul. I would like to go to
the St. Paul's church, but we have to go to a
common church because we haven't got nlse
enough close to ware, s6 eood buy. Tour lov
ing little L - DICKEY BIRD.
The answer to Florence's appeal Is
found In the following extract from a let
ter written by Wleger to his wife under
date of August 13, and found on his body:
Florence's complaint about the store Is only
too true but the stores are all that way—
5e5 c ? vl ar hotbeds for vice, but since It Is or
dained that the dear children must so through
It. it Is best that they should know and see
the danger and shun It. I trust that your in
fluence over the Kirls will always be strong
(■nouKh to miide them. Get Julius into thl
store again, as It is not good for him to be loaf-
The dead man was well known in Sacra
mento, where he had boen for some time a
partner In the dry goods firm of Wasser
man, Davis & Co. He went into business
tor himself in Sacramento several years
ago and failed. This brought about his
prosecution on a charge of having ob
tained his stock of goods from his cred
itors by false representations, and he. whs
convicted and sent to the Folsom Peniten
tiary, but he was pardoned before his
term of sentence expired. In December,
1596, he was employed by Livingston
Bros., on Post street in this city, "as a
clerk, but vas discharged after four
months service, because he was head
strong and would not obey the orders of
his employers. They give him an excel
lent reputation for honesty and only
found fault with his obstinate disposition.
He worked also at the Emporium, at
\\ einstock & Lubin's and at other estab
lishments.
Last Friday he applied for employment
at Livingston Bros., but there was no
vacancy, and he was turned away disap
pointed. He was very despondent for a
few days before his death, and seemed to
think the world was against him.
NO SUBPRISE IN SACBAMENTO.
Acquaintances There Expected Some
Such End to Wicger's Hapless
Career.
SACRAMENTO. Cal.. Sept. 12.— The an
nouncement of the suicide of Charles Wle
ger created little surprise among his ac
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton Hcdley. Props..
234 Fremont St. Castinzs of Every De-
scrlption Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
•JEWELERS.
W. K. VANDERSLICE CO.
GOLD AND SILVER SMITHS. 136 Slitter st.
San Francisco. Telephone M: in Sl7.
MANUFACTURERS.
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
I Manufacture blankets, , Cassimeres, Tweeds anil
| Flannels, 535 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
Goods for pale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE. I.VRUI«\NCK ' COMPANIES,
Combined Capital. $4,000,000.
».-,:'; BTZ A CO.. AcetlU.
»01 California st.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
TRF BFPNH l?R Mattress", Co.. 642 Mlsnioa
IMC _BLnI\UAAU ■ «t. .Tplephone Main 1«74.
PAPER DEALERS.
Wl! I AR«FTTF PULP and paper co..
ft ILLMITiL II L 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
•Hie Olfl'rt Tl-m anil T^r^^wf fstork." .'
and MUSIC STORE,
KOHLER & CHASE;
. • .•■ . • 28 and 30 O'Farrell St. i-
A corps of expert tuners and rer>ftlr»r».
• , :.C: .C * ''L PRINTING.
ErmirHFS PRINTER.
•V- 11 VI M I L©, 611 Sansome street.
REAL ESTATE. ; ''
G. H. UMBSPN & CO.,
REAL ESTATE. RENT COLLECTORS.
General Auctioneers. 14 Montgomery st.
V SEV/INO MACHINES.
' 'nniHCCTIP" ■Pre-emln«ntly':the machine for
UUmLOIIU family use. 1021 Market (treat,
near Sixth.
SOAP.
Gn 1 TTfV c rt\ 123 California street.
■ a, LUWI (I UJ,, room 37. Tel. Main 1661.
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Te c^s ph lc P ARTRIDGE ?Z°g£
THE HICKS- JUDD CO-, £SaST' n B S£. t
TARTAR WORKS.
£%ALIFOitNIA TARTAR WORKS,
G. De LATOUR, Manager.
Office 318 Front Street. San Francisco.
WAREHOUSEMEN.
THE HASLETT WAREHOUSE CO..
Forwardln*; Agents and " Public Wel«taer«.
General Storage. Free and Grain Warehouse*-
General office. 210 California st. Tel. Main Hl«>.
WALLPAPER.
WHOLE? ALE & retail: send for samples, stat-
ing quality & color. DUFFY CO., 923 Howard.
WATCHES. ETC. ,
TT ITNTW Headquarters for fine Jewelry and
• LIIiMJI; lull IS-k. Wcddlnc Rings. 4 3d su
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING-,
TAD! E ■ HI A C —Special planing work. Fac-
WAKL T-llAAJtory, 417 Mission; tel. M.8527.
quaintances here, since they had long: an
ticipated such would be his fate. Seven
or eight years ago Wieger was a member
of the large dry goods firm of Wasserman
& Co., and as such held a high place both
in the commercial and sociai community.
He was very proud and somewhat auto
cratic in his manner, but this quality did
not interfere with his success as one of
the several members of the firm. "When,
however.. Wieger started in for himself as
a rival of the o!d firm, opening his place
within 100 feet of the other, he found that
he did not possess those elements of per
sonal popularity which would draw trade
to him. Then followed bis imprisonment
and gradually declining fortune. Public
sympathy went out for Wieger here prior
to and after his liberation from prison,
but it was noticed that while he assumed
a pride it was not of a character which
would prompt him to support his wife
and five children as his means allowed,
and there was a gradual change of senti
ment regarding him. However, Wieger
■was never regarded, even after his con
viction, as a criminal, and his thorough
knowledge of the dry goods business was
conceded. He had never threatened sui
cide even to his most intimate friends
here, but when they learned that he had
been out of employment a long "time they
looked for that end.
The Man Who Was Cursed.
SACRAMENTO. Sept. 12.— Wiener was
married to a relative by marriage of
Philip Scheld, one of the directors of the
Sacramento banks, proprietor of one of
the local breweries, and a man of con
siderable wealth. Scheld. when informed
as to the nature of Weiger's note, plac
ing his dying curse upon him, was not
visibly disturbed. Scheld says that when.
Wieger first got into financial difficulties
the dry-goods man went to him for mon
ey, but Scheld declined to undertake to
make good his losses. Since then Wieger
harbored ill will for Scheld, and time
and again referred to him as the man re
sponsible for his failure, for he main
tained that had Scheld given him the
money he wanted he would never have
got into business difficulties. However,
Scheld says he did not fed justified in
complying with Wieger*s demand upon
the showing Wieger made to him.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
Only pure and "highest
grade ingredients and /
perfect brewing can pro-
duce the exquisite flavor
possessed by "Blatz." '. '
Val.Blatz Brewing Co.
MILWAUKEE. U.S. AT ~^
Louis dhen & Son, Wholesale
Dealers, 4 16-4 1 8 Sacramento Street,
San Francisco.
Wilt's MiaaVesetaWg Pills
Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who '
: have . used . them ; for I over i forty i years to cur» .
i SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS. CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver. Weak. Stomach. Pimple*
and purify, the blood. ; , ■ _".-
Grossman's Specific Mixture
: '*■'; With -• this :. remedy ■ persons ■ can ■ cure them-
; selves .without the ; least exposure." change or
I diet or change In r application to business. --in*,
medicine i contains ■■ nothing iof . the . least Injury . :
to the constitution. :'- Ask your drussist or *;•■;■
Price. V a bottle. ; ;