VOLUME LXXXIV.— IS T O. 159.
FARNUM AND SHERMAN WERE IN
COLLUSION TO RUIN THE BANKS
Frank Planned the Robbery
of Six Hundred Thou
sand.
Securities Secreted Where the Con«
spirators Could Steal
The Call concludes this morning the
dramatic history of the ruin of the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank as Frank V.
McDonald, one of the leading conspira
tors-, saw the inception, the develop- I
ment and the conclusion of the wreck.
The story as Frank McDonald saw it is ,
only a phase of the great disaster, but J
as he tells it the public knows for the
first time that the leading members of
the conspiracy escaped exposure until i
now. In the concluding letters of Frank \
McDonald, J. E. Farnum and M. H.
Sherman play a most conspicuous part.
Both of these men were criminally in j
collusion for nearly two years before j
the bank failed. They had behind them j
the potent influence of W. H. H. Hart, j
who was then Attorney General of this
State, and at least the connivance of !
one member of the Bank Commission, j
In the letters published this morning
the Call proves that the books of the
Pacific Bank were manipulated Just as
the conspirators pleased. Accounts in
these institutions were used to suit the
convenience of the schemers. If a loss j
were incurred in one disastrous venture I
it was charged to whatever account j
the conspirators cared to choose. As
the existence of the two big institu
tions neared the end Farnum and Sher
man, cousins and friends, foisted upon
the savings institution securities that
both knew to be worthless. Both con
spirators knew at that time that at
least two members of the Bank Com
mission were at their command. The
influence of relationship and of favor
had been exercised to the last degree.
Sherman had worthless bonds to place
and Farnum was in a position to place
them in exchange for the money that j
thousands of poor people had intrusted j
to h -i care.
The letters that are published this i
morning will show that Sherman's
phantom electric railway of Phoenix
offered an excuse for the practical rob
bery of many thousands of dollars from
the People's Home Savings Bank.
"These documents will prove that the
manager of t 1 t People's Home Savings
Bank and the crafty manipulator of
Los Angeles were playing a desperate
game and played with such cleverness
that the inevitable result was the clos
ing of both banks.
In this gigantic scheme W. H. H.
H-irt was the willing tool of both con
spirators, and in his willingness suc
ceeded in getting out of the bank into
his own private coffers many thou
nw<i£ of dollars. The letters show, by
indirection, that the McDonalds, forced
irto a desperate _situation, were com
pelled to submit to the commands of
Farnum and Sherman. The deluded
bankers had gone so far that they
could not retreat. They had placed
themselves in the power of Sherman,
Farnum, Hart, Dorn and Johns, and
they had to accept the conditions of
financial existence that these men dic
tated. The result was inevitable. In
order to save the Pacific Bank the Mc-
Donalds had to rob the People's Bank,
and Frank McDonald became so
shameless in his thievery that he out
lined explicitly to hi? brother how the
savings institution was to give up its
money to feed the commercial bank
and maintain it in its awful plot of
tremendous robbery. In this aspect
the letters that are published this
morning are perhaps of more vital im
portance than any which have hitherto
appeared before the public.
In one of his letters Frank reaches
an awful dignity in crime when he de
clareß that as soon as money comes
Into the People's Bank It must at once
be transferred to the Pacifio for what
ever use that institution may care to
put it. Under such pressure and sur
rounded by such influences even the
McDonalds saw the end. With the in
stinct of self-preservation Frank Mc-
Donald schemed to save an enormous
private fortune out of the wreck. With
that end in view he planned the organi
zation of a trust company that was to
serve as a mask for further thefts.
Under his guidance and with the as
sistance of ex-Attorney General Hart
a great corporation was to be organ
ized and all of the avalla'o'ie assexs of
the Pacific Bank were to be stolen and
placed where they could be carried
away at a moment's notice. Frank
McDonald estimated these assets to be
worth $600,000, and he counseled his
brother Richard to place these securi
ties in a secret box that could be car
ried away whenever the conspirators
choose to take it. There Is in the his
tory of financial dishonesty probably
no parallel to this appalling crime.
MANIPULATING THE BOOKS TO
CONCEAL THE FRAUDS.
On April 22, 1893, Frank McDonald
outlined further plans by which the Pa
cific Bank was to be robbed, the Bank
Commissioners to be deceived, worth
less notes made and Dr. McDonald's
property saved from the legitimate con
sequences of his own neglect and the
dishonesty of his sons. Frank wrote
as follows:
April 22. 1893.
My Dear Brother: It has just
occurred to me that possibly
it might be better when you sell
the electric light stock of fathers to
charge his account with five- thousand
and accrued Interest to date ami trans
fer to him personally another 150
shares P. H. S. B. stock and credit
the JSOOO on that Holder note. It might
The San Francisco Call
Them.
look so much better if you expect an
early visit from the Commissioners. It
would show another reduction on that
note. Of course I would rather fath
er's balance would appear as large as
possible to offset that overdraft on
account of him and Toy, but possibly
it may seem better to moke another
payment appear on the Holder note.
Use your own judgment in the mat
ter I hope you will be able to sell
the electric stock without breaking the
market. Your lovingf-brother,
FRANK.
In conjunction with the foregoing let
ter several names and incidents are
interesting. Dr. McDonald's overdraft
refers to a transaction in which Toy,
the local real estate agent, bought
about $40,000 of city real estate for Dr.
McDonald, and the latter made the de
positors of the Pacific Bank pay for it.
Holder was editor of the Californian
Illustrated Magazine, another disas
trous venture of Dick McDonald. Hol
der was supposed to act solely in an
editorial capacity, but he also was an
other instrument to be used in the va
rious affairs of the McDonalds.
THE BANK COMMISSIONERS WILL
WRECK EVERY BANK ON
THE COAST.
Frank seemed never able to divorce
his thoughts from the menace involved
in the prospective action of the Bank
Commissioners. He emphatically be
lieved that they were wicked, incapa
ble and unjust, and if they did not
change their course of action they
would wreck every bank on the coast.
In a discussion <">f this subject and in
cidentally of others of importance,
Frank wrote as follows:
N. V., April 22. 1833.
My Dear Brother: I notice what you
say about hurrying in Hill matters.
Handling this matter is very much
more delirate and difficult than you
suppose, and the nearer it reaches
consummation the more questions
thpre are to be answered and the
more ilifflcultiea to be overcome. I
very much regret the misfortune tnat
has come to Donohoe's and 'XallaJit'B
banks. They add much to tne general
hard lot of bankers, and especially in
tensify the present demoralization 01
the market. I think those Commission
ers, if they keep on acting as they have
hitherto done, will finish by wrecking
every bank on the coast. They seem
to have so little understanding of the
true sacredness of their position and
have no proper conception of their real
scope of duty. I notice what you say
about Dyer's statement relative to
Button note. You must insist upon the
payment of every cent of It. We are
either to have practically the road and
certain profits or to have the note paid
and a certain bonus. Now that he is
practically giving away the road to the
S. P. people. I tliink to ask the face
value of the note, with interest, will
certainly be little enough. Your loving
brother, FRANK.
FARNUM AND SHERMAN IN CRIM-
INAL COLLUSION.
A vitally important letter was writ
ten by Frank McDonald on May 1, 1893,
when the Pacific Bank had hardly six
weeks longer to live. In this epistle
Frank McDonald accuses M. H. Sher
man of having involved them and seek
ing still to involve them into anything
and everything he could. Frank makes
the further serious accusation that J.
A. Farnum. manager of the People's
Home Savings Bank, and M. H. Sher
man were in collusion to foist worth
less securities upon the People's BanU.
Farnum was a cousin of Sherman and
the son-in-law of W. H. Knight, who
was then a Bank Commissioner and an
intimately close friend of Sherman. It
will be remembered that in one of the
letters written by Frank months br^
fore this the young cashier declared
that Sherman had been bled by Dyer
for $5000. The letter of May 1, 1893,
shows how Sherman, through Farnum,
made the People's Home Savings Bank
pay that $5000. The document, which
is as follows, gives a remarkably vivid
word picture of the crafty manipula
tor who inveigled the McDonalds into
the Los Angeles Electric road:
May 1, 1893.
My Dear Brother: I have sent you
to-day several long telegrams that ex
plain themselves. After much trouble
we have gotten the Fitch question
where, if we have to fight ultimately,
our position will be clear and well de
fended and we think will fully justify
our course. We must go very care
fully in dealing with him. He is vis
ionary and unscrupulous. We have all
along feared trouble from him and we
have been anxious to rhi everything as
well denned as possible. The price
they talk of offering for those Raisin
bonds is highway robbery, in which
are evidently a number of deals, and
the only way I fear is to call the thing
off and start over again. This mort
gage proposition has knocked every
thing endways and we fear there is
either a trap in it to work up a case
for a commission or else a big steal
netting us not over seventy-five, if
that" much, while all along we have
been trying to sell at ninety-seven and
allow three per cem commission.
M. H. is evidently trying to unload
on some one. I have telegraphed him
for particulars of his new bond issue
time and aeain and he never sends
the same. Poor fools, a 5 per cent
bond of the kind he proposes could not
be sold for 50 cents on the dollar, and
his guarantee on it is good for noth
ing. You will have to watch or he
will set Farnum to take his things
just as Farnum did one of our term
certificates issued to Dyer; that Dyer
gave M. H. as collateral for his note
in exchange for M. H., advancing to
Dyer money to pay one of those water
company notes when here East. M.
H and Dyer both stipulated with me
that certificates should never be ask
ed of our institutions for cashing. Yet
the first chance M. H. gets M. H. gets
Farnum to take it, we never being
asked about £ne matter in any way. I
do not know but that other certifi
cates may have been put in the Peo
ple's from Dyer in the Same way.
Those certificates were given them
to help here East to get money with,
and this Is the way they work. Watch
M H He will unload on us anything
and everything he can at big prices,
while we sell them with our guaran
tee at ruinous discounts. I sketched
for him while in Los Angeles a plan
on which wft might reconsider a new
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898— THIETY-TWO PAGES.
THE STORY OF THE SECRET BOX.
When Frank McDonald realized that financial ruin was inevitable he planned the organization of a trust company
through which he and his brother and his father would be able to filch irom the Pacific Bank all the valuable
assets that might be seized. This company was designed in the first place to disguise the speculative wild-cat
schemes of the foolish bankers, and In the second to protect them from the consequences of their old crimes. In the
organization of this company Frank McDonald commanded that a private box be secured and placed In a convenient
position where it could be seized and carried away in the event of disaster. In this box were to be hidden all the
remaining valuable assets of the Pacific Bank, aggregating $600,000. There is hardly a parallel in the history of criminal
manipulation in this country of a BCheme of such gigantic thievery. T u '* secret box which was to provide the McDon
alds with an enormous fortune was to be hidden in gne of the upper tno^j of the Pacific Bank building. The fac-simile
which Is produced above shows how Frank McDonald planned his plot and the records of the Pacific Bank show with
what success the scheme was carried to accomplishment.
issue of $300,000, but the terms were
such that he now seeks to avoid and
is trying to work some new scheme
out there. Twice I have been here
he has never sent me a word of
information about the electric road,
its earnings, the foreclosure matter
nor anything except the vague gener
alities I mail you to-day.
He never attends to anything in a
business-like way, but runs around
harum scarum, like a chicken with its
head off. Most of the new money
spent on his Phoenix electric road is
just for rails and track-laying. I
think his plant and other things he
practically gets for nothing from the
Los Angeles company from their du
plicate plant. All his extra seventy
five thousand dollar outlay you know
how far to believe. His vacillating
policy makes it impossible to do any
thing with his Valley street bonds at
present. No doubt most of his ex
penditures in Phoenix on his railway
are unpaid for, having been bought
on time and to be paid for out of the
sale of his new bonds at par. Let us
be on our guard when the time for ex
changing comes. M. H. and his new
plans he worried me with but got no
satisfaction, and the other day he
telegraphed me to sell Hlnes' bonds
too, but I told him we were not guar
anteeing other people's property, but
he got you to guaranter it, and so he
thinks you are easier to deal with
than me. You see it is necessary for
us to keep M. H. and Hines in the wa
ter company in or^ler to protect our
interests. It will not do to let them
out. for they will throw the whole
load on us.
Hart has been In several times and
I inclose a letter from him. He seems
red-hot after the formation of the
trust company you propose. He Is
now gone to Washington and expects
to be back Wednesday. Affectionate
ly, your brother, FRANK.
FRANK BOOMS THE PHANTOM
MINES OF ALASKA.
A letter illustrating Frank McDon
ald's absolute ignorance of financial af
fairs and banking principles was writ
ten on May 4, when the young banker
discussed the Alaska Coal Company.
In this epistle Frank promises Dick
that the Pacific Bank could not only
assure 10 per cent interest on coal stock
but 50 per cent if necessary. He ad
mitted that he was supremely uninter
ested in the character of the enterprise,
thus indicating that he had at least a
suspicion that it was worthless.
NEW YORK, May 4, 1893.
My Dear Brother: I Just wish to an
swer a few items in yours of the 28th
ult. First in regard to the Alaska
Coal Company. You do not seem to
understand the situation at all arid
evidently you have not read the agree
ment. It makes no difference wheth r
we guarantee 10, 20 or 50 per cent. p*r
annum If we pay them back only the
money they deposit with us. We a m
simply trustees of the money ami pay
it to them in ten equal Installments,
one-tenth each year for ten years, we
allowing them 5 per cent on their do
posit balances, interest computed
semi-annually, I believe. We are in
no way concerned in the mine, have
nothing to do with it. This arransa
ment we have agreed to make lor
20,000 shares or $200,000 worth, but the
company wishes this kept contldeutinl,
for you see they exp^it to sell most
of their other stock unguaranteed and
with the sales of their unguaranteed
stock develop their property. East
land says Hart's claim is. in a very
different place and is far inferior, but
1 know nothing about the coal proposi
tion and do not care.
Our part in it is simply to receive so
much money on deposit and to pay 5
per cent on the same and pay it back
at the rate of $1 per year. We do not
care whether we pay it to the Alaska
Coal Company or any other company.
We do not guarantee the principal
nor have anything to do with express
ing an .opinion of tne enterprise or its
merits or anything else concerning
it. Of course some may say that our
guaranteeing the stock or part of
same is a kind of approval of the
undertaking; but this need not be a
fair inference. Of course the coal
company will sell this guaranteed
stock at a big premium to certain
crack influential purchasers and then
will try to sell to others as well aa
possibly to the same a certain amount
of unguaranteed stock. People will
buy the guaranteed stock I suppose
for investment and the unguaranteed
for speculation, but of this I really
know nothing and do not concern
myself with it. They claim every
thing is straight and *hat they have
a magnificent property and intend to
make money for all stockholders. Your
loving brother, FRANK.
THE SHAMELESS LOOTING OF THE
PEOPLE'S BANK.
On May 9, 1893. Frank McDonald
wrote a letter that reveals how he, his
brother and his father shamelessly
robbed the People's Bank to save the
Pacific Bank. The money that ooor
depositors paid Into the People's Bank
The People's Bank a Money
Drag=Net For the
Pacific.
Conspirators Force the Deluded
Bankers to Obey Their
Commands.
was carted away, turned into the
vaults of the Pacific Bank and squan
dered. The Bank Commissioners had
time and again demanded of the Pa
cific Bank to reduce its enormous debt
of nearly one million dollars to the
People's Bank. This tremendous sum
of money represented the savings of
13,000 poor people who had trusted their
money to the honor of the McDonalds.
Not satisfied with having filched a mil
lion dollars belonging to the poor peo
ple of San Francisco, the McDonalds
determined to get more by cheating the j
Bank Commissioners, using Attorney
General W. H. H. Hart as their ready J
tool, and substituting more worthless j
securities for the few remaining good !
ones in the People's Bank. The letter J
is a most remarkable confession of
Frank McDonald!s rascality, his
brother's dishonesty, his father's con
nivance and Hart's support. The epistle
is as follows:
New York, May 9, 1893.
My Dear Brother: What I shall
have to say in this letter is largely
of a very confidential nature and I
think better be destroyed after read
ing.
First, from the communication
from the B. C. it is evident they in
tend to try and head us off from get
ting any more funds out of the Peo
ple's, and some one with a knowledge
of the facts has induced them to come
now and examine us so soon again
in order that they might have a pre
text to order us to pay up in such a
way as to prevent our securing any
relief in that direction. Now the
question is to see how far we can
prevent their hurting us in this way.
What we want is coin, therefore if we
keep our debt to the People's station
ary we could by exchanging obliga
tions Ijt such as they can convert
into coin secure that coin they pull
in and give them other obligations.
But in this of course it would be
necessary to have the assistance of those
managing the People's, and. if necessary,
I better return to take up the cudgel
again. Now, I do not know what clause
II is that McHardisty refers to, and I
wish you would send me the wording of
it. But it is manifestly absurd for the
B. C. to say a savings bank can have no
deposit at all in a commercial bank, and
therefore to that extent I do not think we
need to worry over their order to cancel
me entire indebtedness. That we will do
or not in our own time and way just as
we think best for the business of the two
institutions' best interests. But of course
we will keep our own council and not dis
cuss this point until driven to it. and then
we will take our lawyers and discuss the
matter with the Attorney General, not
the B. C, who are the ones to settle dis
puted legal questions. Therefore as far
aa paying back so much a month, that
we will do as our best judgment and our
means and circumstances indicate the
wisest to do. Of course in time we in
tend to pay the Savings Bank back
everything, because there is not suffi
cient profit in it for us, and we do not
wish the responsibility of investing.
Another thing you can easily see that
our guaranteeing things is probablj
going to hurt us. I have tried to be as dis
creet as possible about the guarantee
business, but in time it will get out o?
course, and then borrowing will be much
more difficult and possibly practicably
impossible. Now, again, the B. C. crowd
later, when they examine into the guar
antee question, may try to deny the le
gality of our giving guarantees. I have
had to fipht a.ll around that question
while here, and I think we can do it with
perfect legality, yet difficulties may arise,
and then I wish to have our Pacific Se
curity Company all in running order, so
that if necessary we can offer its guar
antee and thus be able to go on with our
plans of raising money.
CONSPIRACY OF &J±JR2<ITJI>£
■A.KTID SH3BI?,M^.3SI:.
In the history of the ruin of the People's Bank and the Pacific Bank there is no
more significant fact then the collusive combination between J. E. Farnum
and M. H. Sherman. Sherman placed Farnum in the Peoples Bank as man
ager and then used Farnum to foist upon the People's Bank the worthless
securities in which Sherman was interested. The fac simile of a letter writ
ten by Frank V. McDonald illustrates clearly to what purposes Farnum was
put and what part he was to play in the conspiracy that ruined the two
banks. Farnum would accept for money any security that Sherman chose to
offer.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
In a few days I will send you full ln«
structions for the forming of the Surety
Company, and then have it all formed,
and then we can use it or not, much or
little, just as we think best. This is now
a time when we must be ready for any
emergency we can think of and do our
best to meet it. I am sorry to say I do
not expect any more money from the
Phoenix bonds before the sixty days are
up. Confidentially I was very uneasy;
yes, fairly sick, until the first payment
was made, and I did not dare in any way
to express an opinion to Hunt on the
cost of the works, because his broker
would have sued me for breaking the
contract; therefore I told him I did not
know the cost, which was true, as I never
have learnt. I am very sorry the broker
misrepresented to Hunt anything about
the works, for I think through him we
might have sold many securities in the
future. If I had known it I never should
have permitted any false statement.
Your loving brother, FRANK.
FRANK RAISES HIMSELF TO AN
AWFUL DIGNITY IN CRIME
THE SECRET BOX
There remained but one more step for
Frank McDonald, Dick McDonald and
their father in their gigantic scheme of
looting the People's and Pacific banks.
That step was to rob the vaults. The
Call publishes this morning the abso
lute record of that robbery. In the or
ganization of the Pacific Security Com
pany Frank McDonald, with the as
sistance of Attorney General W. H. H.
Hart, formed a corporation through
which the remaining valuable assets of
the Pacific Bank were to be diverted
from the bank and placed where they
could be quickly obtained. In a letter
of May 10 Frank McDonald instructed
Dick how to incorporate this new com
pany. Dick was told to disguise the
purposes of the concern from the public
as far as possible.
Everything was to be kept secret.
Dick was ordered to establish the head
quarters of the company in one. of the
rooms In the Pacific Bank building,
known as the Mohawk room, and rep
resenting another crazy venture of
which D. S. Dorn was the president and
the McDonaids the suppHers of coin.
In this room Dick was commanded to
place a tin box containing $600,000 in
valuable securities of the Pacific Bank
and have the box in readiness to steal
when the Pacific Bank went down. It
is possible that no such gigantic scheme
of barefaced robbery was ever planned,
and certainly never has been exposed
in San Francisco before. Not satisfied
with ruining the Pacific Bank, the
brothers determined to take more of
the hard earned dollars out of the Peo
ple's Bank to give to their father, thou
sands of dollars in exchange for prop
erty that was not nearly worth what
the old man's thieving sons intended to
demand. This letter, which establishes
the guilt of the McDonalds, is as fol-
NEW YORK, May 10, 1833.
My Dear Brother: I wrote you a lon*
letter last night which I hope will reach
you in safety. Time Is now so precious
and I am deeply worried. I do not see
how we are to get by the 21st in safety
for I do not see how I can get in any
money. We are all at sea to know what
to do" or where to turn. I shall try the
Park and some of those new banks, but
I feel there is no hope with the market
as it now stands. I never have felt so
utterly without prospects. I am afraid
to ask of other banks for if it gets around
our present correspondents will reduce us
still more and lose confidence.
I send you herewith plans for forming
the new trust company and inclose power
of attorney from father, Edmlnster and
myself for you to represent us. Rush
this thing ahead and telegraph me when
company is complete. I will have the
stocK prepared here and the seal made
and will issue the stock as fast as the
assets are turned over to the new com
pany.
Have one tin box marked as the
property of the Trust Company2
and put in that whatever assets
you take from the Pacific Bank
and have them duly indorsed in
blank and send ma a list, and
keep the box wherever you can
take it away should any disaster
coxae, and we will then send on the
stock of the Trust Company.
Have the office of it In the Mohawk
room upstAirs, but for the present we
win He "low and lust attend to our own
business and make no further display
nor hid for any outside business. Just
tell people we are not yet fully ready
for business and we are looking around
for suitable quarters and do not care to
g-ive many particulars beyond what are
embodied in the articles of Incorporation,
but that we are here to stay and expect
to do a large business that will greatly
benefit the State, there being no company
in existence Just like this. If we can
not get beyond the 21st. and the market
here does not go to pieces, this company
will be a great help to us in many ways.
Tell your attorney in drawing up the
articles of incorporation not to smile at
all I have included. Tell him to get
in everything he can, and then we will
u.^e whichever power we wish, and when
x:sing such conform to the special laws
governing such. I have had a long talk
with Hart on the subject, and he says
very emphatically In the new company
the Commissioners can only inquire into
what Investment! we have made of mon
ey deposited with us. but have no con
cern in any way with what our capital
is Invested in, unless we were doing ex
clusively a savings bank business. But
where we Incorporate for various ana
sundry investment purposes it is none of
their business. He says to include all
the powers possible, for you might wish j
"to use them. Many of these are his di
rect suggestions.
One of the objects in forming this com
pany is so that we can mortgage or sell
uny'of pa's property without its exciting
any undue comment, such as it would do
if conveyed ' to Jenkins or some such
person, for instance. Father ia willing
and anxious to- sell Pacific B:\nk stock for
(200,000 or so, to help out. if he can find a
purchaser, and he wishes to get out of
the presWency Just as soon as we can get
a proper person to succeed him. He
wishes to be free from worry and re
sponsibility. You keep telling him to sell
his stock, but between you and me confi
dentially, he has sold everything except
his lank stock and his telephone stock,
and the latter he wishes to keep, as the
only thing that wili be left him if the
institutions go down, and he is right.
Just think of it. old man that he is and
nothing that may not be seized upon and
attached. Besides it in doubtful if you
could sell that stock. I shall talk with
father and see if he will not trade the
Stock for the Los Angeles Electric bonds,
and then let you try to sell It. but the
time is so short that I tremble to think
of It.
FRANK'S SHAMELESS PLOT OF THEFT.
The Call has promised to prove that the People's Home Savings Bank was deliberately robbed by the schemers who manipu
lated the Pacific Bank. The money that was taken into the People's Bank was carted tfwajr from that institution as
soon as it came in. It was then taKen to the vaults of the Pacific Bank and squandered as the crazy notions of the
managers dictated. The fac-slmile of one cf Frank V. McDonald's letters as shown above illustrates what Frank Mc-
Donald knew to be the true condition of affairs. As soon as the money was taken into the savings institution it was
transferred to the Pacific Bank, to be used as the managers desired. When Frank McDonalds letter was written trie
Pacific Bank was tottering 'on the verge of collapse, and he wrote this epistle outlining the scheme through which
the Pacific Bank had to save itself by the robbery of the People's Bank.
HOSPITAL STORES
NEVER ARRIVED
Hardships of the First
Ohio Infantry.
WORK OF THE WAR BOARD
MYSTERIOUS DISAPPEARANCE
OF HOSPITAL EQUIPMENT.
A Father Tells How He Found His
Son Lying at the Point of
Death in One of the South
ern Camps.
Special Dlfpntrh to The Call.
CINCINNATI, Nov. s.— The War In
vestigating Commission began its last
day's work in Cincinnati with one of
the three members absent, Oeneral Sex
ton having gone to Chicago, where the
commission will meet at 9 a. m. next
Monday.
Dr. C. L. Bonfleld testified to visiting
the Chickamauga hospitals h» July last.
He saw no patients lying on the ground
and no cases of neglect <t filth or any
sort of gross carelessness in the man
agement of the hospitals. The chief
trouble was the fly nuisance, which was
averted as much ns possible by the use
of mosquito netting.
Surgeon F. W. Hendley of the First
Ohio testified to stopping the forced
march from Chick.ama.uga to Ringgold.
in which one soldier, overcome by heat,
became insane. The water was bad
at all their camps. He gave extended
testimony of his experience at the divi
Sympathizing deeply with your posi
tion, but utterly unable to do anything
more, 1 am as ever, your
P. S.-Do not send up the Electrics to
the People's for a few days. If t & ™f T
exchanges for same it will »cave you that
many less, or if you do. do not send up
over three hundred thousand for the pres
ent As soon as the new companj is
i properly formed have deed prepared of
Luis Obispo land to the new company
and mortgage to People's from new com
pany, and pass all needed resolutions to
mortgage the same and send on instru
ment! here for execution. Hart is very
anxious to have us po on with the form
ation of the Security and Trust Companj ,
as he has several schemes he wishes
floated. , , .
Appended to this very important let
ter is a document written by Frank
to instruct Dick how and what to steal
in the organization of the Pacific Se
curity Company. This concern was to
have'a capital stock of $3,000,000. Three
of the directors were to have a bogus
stock, each at $200,000, to cover the
$600,000 that was to be taken from the
Pacific Bank. Frank's instructions
were outlined as follows:
"Confidential, not to be shown to «.ny
one, but kept to yourself. Father's
subscription. Pacific Bank stock, $1,
000 000; People's Home, $60,000; San
Luis Obispo, $460,000; Norfolk land,
$600,000; San Francisco realty, part of
it, $40,000; total, $2,100,000;" that the
thieving sons of Dr. McDonald intend
ed saving from attachment or placing
beyond the reach of legal process for
their father.
Two more assets were to be Includ
ed; $600,000 in securities was to be taken
from the Pacific Bank and with
$300,000 in exchange for Raisin stock
were to be added to make the total cap
ital of $3,000,000. To deceive the pub
lic, Frank instructed Dick to have the
articles of incorporation show the fol
lowing subscriptions: R. H. McDon
ald Sr., $2,000,000; R. H. McDonald Jr.,
$200,000; Frank V. McDonald, $20>),000;
F. S. Edminster, $150,000; E. Bellerman,
$200,000; total, $3,000,000. The assets
that were to be taken from the Pacific
Bank to give a total of $600,000 for the
handy box in the Mohawk room were
described by Frank as follows:
•'Confidential, not to be shown to any
one. Pacific sundry assets, Puget
Sound. $14.6^5: Sausalito, $1902; South
Han Francisco, $1S1O; Phoenix Water
stock, $40,000; Granite Bank of Mora
via, $2317; Elisnore stock, $600; Anglo-
American Gas stock, $5390; Madera Im
provement Company, $55,000: Mohawk
stock, $10,000; Mohawk Land Company,
$35,000; Mohawk bonds. $133,000: Los
Angeles County Railway, $5000; Los
sion hospital at x ernandina, saying he
had been notified by wire of the ship
ment of a full equipment for a two
hundred bed hospital, but it never
reached him, and he does not yet know
why. There was suffering for lack of
it, but temporary arrangements were
soon made. The surgeon general in
variably acted promptly when re
quested.
Corporal James Weaver testified to
neglect at the Fernandina hospital, but
said he received good care when trans
ferred to Atlanta.
Thomas Heed of Covington, Ky., tes
tified to finding his son in a crowded
hospital at Chickamauga. Some were
on blankets on the ground. He trans
ferred his son to the Sternberg hos
pital, where he died two days after
ward. Reed severely criticized Major
Griffen, who managed the hospital.
Mrs. J. F. Gest, who is ill, was ex
amined at her home by Dr. Connor con
cerning her visits to Southern camps
and hospitals as agent of the Cincin
nati Army and Navy League.
General Dodge and Dr. Connor leavo
for Chicago Sunday night, and with
Colonel -Sexton resume the examination
at the Auditorium Monday.
THE BRITISH ADMIRAL
HAD PLENTY OF NERVE
Transported Turkish Troops From
Candia Despite Their Officer's
Protestations.
CANDIA, Island of Crete, Nov. 6.— Rear
Admiral Oernrd Henry Noel', British
commander In those waters, to-day or
dered the Turkish troops, whose em
barkation was delayed by an order from
Constantinople, to go on board a British
transport. The soldiers proceeded to obey,
but the Turkish officer in command
stopped the embarkation, whereupon the
British admiral caused the barracks to
be surrounded and declared the Turks
prisoners. He also threatened to use
force to compel them to embark. The
Turkish commanding officer then allowed
the embarkation to proceed.
WILL FIRST OCCUPY
THE SOUTHERN CAMP
WASHINGTON, Nov. 6.— The order
which designate* troops to occupy dif
ferent portions of Cuba has raised a
question as to whether It is the intention
of the War Department to bavo th«
THE SAN FKAK CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
Angeles Electric Railway stock, $100.
000; San Diego bonds and debt, $75,000;
total. $539,704."
"For these and whatever else you
may think best to add up $600,000 of
the stock in the new trust company to
be issued as per schedule in list of sub
scriptions."
STEALING AN ENORMOUS. FOR
TUNE for dr. McDonald.
Frank McDonald wrote but one more
letter to his brother Dick before the
Pacific Bank crumbled. As might have
been expected, that epistle was a very
deliberate and very interesting instruc
tion to Dick of how to steal something
more from the bank. This time Frank
told Dick how to save their father's
San Luis Obispo property, valued at
$450,000, from execution by the creditors
of the crashing institution. Frank
wrote as follows:
May IS, 1893. .
My Dear Brother: 1 inclose you
herewith power of attorney to handle
Obispo land. Be careful to whom you
deed this land, and let it be to him as
trustee. If possible. It may excite
comment to see this great block of
land pass from father. The thing is
not so simple as you suppose. If
asked, you better say it has been sold
to a land company that intends to colo
nize it. After the party to whom you
deed it has mortgaged same to the
People's, issue to that person In ex
change for People's check a time cer
tificate of deposit of the Pacific for the
same amount, same term of mortgage
(which make three years if possible) and
coupons to bear same rate of Interest
as mortgage and maturing at same
terms as mortgage, interest payments,
which make semi-annually. if possible,
say June 15 and December 15, and then
have the party in whose name the cer
tificate has been issued indorse the
same in blank or to the Pacific Guar
antee and Trust Company, and either
send such certificate here or place
among the papers there in separate
box of the Pacific Guarantee and Trust
Company. This will look better, be
sides leaving the property as safe as
possible under the circumstances.
Your loving brother, FRANK.
With these letters The Call concludes
the history of the ruin of the Pacific
Bank as Frank McDonald saw it. Led
into chimerical projects, baited and be
fuddled by schemers, seduced into the
squandering of the people's money,, he
concluded by becoming a thief. To
morrow morning The Call will begin
the history of that ruin as the dishonest
father of two dishonest sons saw it.
The Call will publish the secret record
of the thieving hypocrisy of Dr. R.
H. McDonald.
troops ko direct from their present camps
to Cuba instead of occupying the south
ern winter camps selected some time
ago. It can be stated that such is not the
intention and that the troops will be
moved from Knoxville, Lexington and
Middlftown to these camps very soon.
It i:- believed the transfer will be bene
flclaJ to the troupe, and that not only will
they find a more salubrious climate, but
the duty of breaking one camp and estab
lishing' another will be better for them
than remaining In one place. It will be
nearly two months before all the troops
are sent to the island, so there will be
quite a long time for them to remain in
the Georgia and South Carolina camps.
POPULAR CHOICE
FOR SHERIFF.
: T. F. BONNET,
cars run daily. - Th ■ city has derived
r term than • that of any predecessor." 4 1
government. ; : -: : :: ;;/v :; '":-.,. ■;' : '( ; •■:■..-
FRENCH PRIDE
HAS RECEIVED
A GREAT BLOW
Fashoda's Evacuation
Not Resented.
BUT ENGLAND'S DEMAND IS
HUMILIATION CAUSED BY UN
CONDITIONAL WITHDRAWAL
It Had Been Hoped That Major Mar
chand's Exploit Would Secure
Valuable E-ecompense for
the Nation.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, IS9S, by James Gor
don Bennett.
PARIS, Nov. s.— Anger, impotent an
ger, is the one passion felt here to-day.
French pride has received a blow which
will not easily or soon be forgotten. It
is not the evacuation of Fashoda that
is resented. It is the fact of England
having insisted upon unconditional
withdrawal. This is felt to be humilia
tion.
Everywhere and by everybody the
news is discussed with furious rage,
yet what else could France do than
recall Major Marchand? There Is nc
statesman here reckless enough to
emulate Spain and say she could die.
That Is all very well for what Lord
Salisbury defined as decaying nations,
but for one that is in full possession of
her vigor it would be an absurdity.
Most people approve the Govern
ment's action, while storming against
the condition of affairs here that
makes any other stand impossible. It
was felt that Marchand's success de-
served recompense. Few, If any, poopie
dreamed he would stop at Fashoda.
Almost all seem to have expected that
France would receive something valu
able territorially In return for It, and
en the principle that a bird In the hand
is vorth two in the bush the nation
wanted compensation to come before
evacuation.
Kngland's unbending attitude has
killed all these hopes, so although with
the disappearance of the risk of war
there has come a noticeable relief in
the public mind there is also a fooling
that France has been ill used and hu
miliated. _____________
WILLIAM DISLIKES
ADVERSE CRITICISM
A German Editor Sentenced to Six
Months' Imprisonment for
"Lese Majeste."
BERLIN. Nov. s.— Maximilian Harden,
editor and publisher of Die Zunkunft. has
been sentenced to six months' detention
in a fortress for lese majeste.
Five charges were brought against Har
den. The four articles particularly re
sented were "Pudel Majestat." In which
he called the Emperor a "poodly" Pr nee;
'An Den Kaiser," in which he personally
addressed the Emperor, complaining that
he has been charged with lese majeste for
writing the first article; "Der Wahrheit
Kache," written anonymously, and "Gross
\Ht>Ts l'hr."ln which the Bismarck case
was introduced. A recent dispatch from
Berlin said the circulation of Die Zun
kunft since the prosecutions had increased
threefold, now reaching a quarter of a
million.
HANCOCK MAY BE
TRIED IN NEVADA
Evidence Against the Alleged Mur
derer Placed Before the Nye
County Authorities.
SANTA ANA. Nov. s.— John Hancock,
the alleged Southern Nevada double
murderer, was taken to Fullerton to-day
and arraigned before Justice Johnson on
the charge of assault with a deadly
weapon u;>«n A. Gross. His preliminary
examination will not be held for a week.
District Attorney West has notified the
Gfc vernor of N\ vada and the District At
torney «>f Nye County, where the murder
of Snyelke and Munston .was said to
have been committed, and if these au
thorities conclude that the evidence
against Hancock is sufficient extradition
papers will m requestßd at once and he
will be taken to Nevada for trial.
Sloan's Mount Unplaced.
LONDON, Nov. 5. — At the .'irst day's
racing of the Gatwick November flat
race meeting to-day Lard Durham's
three-year-old bay colt Sherburn won the
Oval hanrMoap of 300 sovereigns. Sir W'ul
dio Griffiths throe-y ear-old brown filly
St. la. rlddr-n by Tod Sloan, wus un
placed. Eight horses ran. and the bet
ting was 10 to 3 against St. la.
Taylor Lowers Two Records.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. s—Major5 — Major Tay
lor, the colored bicyclist, to-day lowered
the two-mile and quarter-mile bicycle
records on the Woodslde track. He went
the two miles in 3:13 3-5 and the quarter
mile in :22 2-5. He was paced by a quin
tuplet in the two-mile event.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or Without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlaalon.
A thorough canvass of the various
districts of the city haß caused in
bounded Joy in the headquarters of
T. F. Bonnet, the popular nominee of
the Democratic, Non-Partisan and
People's conventions, for it seems
certain that he will be elected. Mr.
Bonnet was formerly a reporter on
the daily papers, and about a year
ago was selected to fill the office of
License Collector. It was in this of
fice that he acquired the confidence of
the public by his unyielding opposi
tion to the political bosses, and his
upright and fearless discharge of
duty. Mr. Bonnet is not a stranger
to the public, having: been born in this
city. He graduated from our public
schools and subsequently from St.
Mary's College. His father, B. Bon
net, a Frenchman, was one of the
early pioneers and is still a contrac
tor in thi; cit". His mother was of
Irish birth. This brief sketch of the
candidate's life is given merely to es
tablish his identity.
The best assurance to be given to
the public that T. F. Bonnet will
make an ideal Sheriff is to point to his
grand record as License Collector.
Mr. Bonnet was the first License Col
lector to compel the railroad com
pany to Day a license on all the street
[ a much larger revenue during his
Us election will be a triumph for good
IGNORED ORDERS
AND CAUSED DEATH
Awful Results of an En
gineer's Negligence.
TEN MINERS DEAD OR DYING
CRUSHED AT THE BOTTOM OF A
COLLIERY SHAFT.
Three Cars Dropped Down Upon
Them From a Distance d
of Several Hundred
Feet.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WILKESBARRE, Pa., Nov. s.— Seven
men were killed and three fatally in
jured at the Exeter colliery of the Le
high Coal Company at West Pittston,
near here, to-day. The accident was
due to the alleged carelessness of En
gineer David Price, who, acting fn dis
obedience of positive orders, caused
three cars to run into the top of the
shaft. These cars, loaded and weighing
eleven tons, fell down the 360-foot shaft
and crashed with frightful force upon
the carriage carrying ten men. Seven
were almost instantly killed. Following
are the dead:
Michael Smith, 35 years, miner; leaves
a widow and four children.
Andrew Tinko, 40 years, miner; leaves
a widow and six children.
Michael Podesabanny, 2s years, miner;
unmarried.
Michael Brazuke, 33 years, miner;
unmarried.
Jose Culock, 25 years; leaves widow
and one child.
Michael Waslowsky, 45 years; unmar
ried.
Joseph Andrewosky, 30 years; un
married.
The injured are as follows:
William Pukos, miner; internal in
juries.
Joseph Wlnsler, laborer; head and
back lacerated.
Paul Lacksnones, laborer; contusion
of the spin. .
The accident occurred at 6:30 o'clock,
as the men were going to work, being
sent down the shaft In parties of ten.
Engineer Price, in charge of the little
donkey engine, was shifting loaded
cars from the new Red Ash shaft, sev
eral hundred yards away, to the Ex
eter breaker. This track approached
the head of the Exeter shaft, and at a
distance of thirty feet from it curved
gently to the right and around the
shaft to the breaker. At the point
where it commenced to curve was a
switch, and the thirty feet of track
leading to the head of the shaft was
used for storing crippled cars. Close to
the head of the shaft it was closed by
a head block. Price's orders were to
approach the breaker with the engine
at the head of the train. A few days
ago he was caught pushing the cars,
and was threatened with discharge for
disobeying orders. To-day he did the
same thing. The train was going at
good speed, when, instead of curving
around the shaft, the cars dashed into
the switch, which was open. Price re
versed the engine, but it was too late.
The cars struck the head block,
smashed it, and three of the cars
toppled down the shaft. About twenty
feet from the bottom they struck the
carriage with awful force,' completely
wrecking it. The mass of wreckage
fell to the foot of the shaft, choking it,
and It reauired much labor to rescue
the injured and the bodies of the dead.
STATES THAT WILL HOLD
ELECTIONS NEXT TUESDAY
Battle of Ballots Will Be Waged in
Forty-Two of the Com-
monwealths.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— There will be
elections in forty-two States, Tuesday, as
follows: Alabama, Arkansas, California,
Colorado, Connecticut, Delaware, Florida,
Georgia, Idaho, Illinois, Indiana, lowa,
Kansas, Kentucky, Louisiana. Maryland,
Massachusetts, Michigan, Minnesota, Mis
sissippi, Missouri, Montana, Nebraska,
Nevada. New Hampshire, New Jersey,
New York. North Carolina. North Dakota.
Ohio Pennsylvania. Rhode Island, South
Carolina. South Dakota. Tennessee, Texas,
Utah, Virginia. Washington, West Mr
ginla, Wisconsin and Wyoming.
In ten of them— Alabama, Arkansas.
Georgia, Kentucky. Louisiana. Maryland.
Mississippi, North Carolina, Rhode Island
and Virginia only Congressmen will be
voted for; in one (West Virginia) Con
gressmen and a Legislature. In addition
to West Virginia twenty-two other States
— California, Connecticut. Delaware, Flor
ida, Indiana, Massachusetts, Michigan,
Minnesota. Missouri. Montana, Nebraska,
Nevada, New Jersey. New York, North
Dakota. Pennsylvania. Tennessee, Texas,
Utah. Washington. Wyoming and Wis
consin elect a Legislature which will
choose a United States Senator. In thir
ty-one a Governor and a full or partial
set of State officers are at stake. The
following elect a Governor: California,
Colorado, Connecticut, Idaho, Indiana,
Kansas, Massachusetts. Michigan, Minne
sota, Nebraska. New Jersey. New York,
Nevada New Hampshire, North Dakota,
Pennsylvania, South Carolina, South Da
kota, "Tennessee, Texas, Wisconsin and
Wyoming. In Illinois, lowa, Florida,
Delaware, Missouri, Montana, Ohio, Utah
iiml Washington one or more minor State
officers, Treasurer, Auditor or Justice of
the Supreme Court, etc., will be contended
for.
LYNCHERS EAGER TO
AVENGE THIS CRIME
Fifteen- Year-Old Portland Lad the
Victim of a Horrible
Murder.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. s.— The body of
Angelo Sericko, a 15-year-old Italian boy.
was found this morning in an East Side
orchard, horribly mutilated. Death had
had been caused by strangulation. The
victim had been dragged to death by a
rope, the noose of which was twisted
about his neck. . _. __
A brother of Angelo found the body.
The little fellow had failed to return at
the usual hour Friday night and his par
ents became alarmed. Search was insti
tuted, continuing all night long, without
avail. This morning the brother found the
grim object of his search. It was lying
in an orchard, a rope twisted about the
neck and the mark of heavy blows on the
Young Sericko had started for home as
usual out had fallen in with boy com
panions, who left him after dark at the
edge of a deserted orchard. Here the
brutes who took his life must have way
laid him. In the soft mud the evidences
of the dragging of his body through the
orchard and to a gap In a stone wall was
found. Here it was left, the clothes near
ly torn off, the ragged cuts made by
sticks and stones bleeding, within crying
distance of the cottage of Angelo's par-
Vigorous search has been instituted for
the murderers. The whole community is
aroused and nothing can prevent a lynch
ing if the scoundrels fall into the hands
of any but the police.
First Carload of Orange*.
MARYSVILLE, Nov. 3.— The first car
load of oranges picked from the trees in
the Palermo groves this season arrived
in this city from Hearsts Spur to-day,
being en route to the New York market.
This is the first shipment of oranges to
be made out of California this winter,
which fact speaks wonders for this sec
tion.
ADVEETISEMENTS. -
LACE
CURTAINS
...01N...
SPECIAL SALE!
BEGINNING TO-MORROW, MONDAY, NOVEMBER 7th.
Having purchased a manufacturer's stock of
Lace Curtains at a great discount, we are enabled to
offer the greatest bargains ever placed on sale in this
city. This stock consists of the very latest patterns in
Renaissance, Point de Calais,
Rococo,
Irish Point, Nottingham.
250 -pairs of Nottingham Lace Cur-
tains, in ecrzl and white, 3%' yards i
long, f rom ■■ 50 to .54 inches wide, in
new designs, • regu- / ». ■. . "^
lar value $1 75, $2 O* A \J>C
and, 52 25, your •£) I _ CJ
choice at .... . . . . . . . *¥ ** • ■ v * . ,
175 pairs of Nottingham Lace Cur-
tains, in ecru and white, 3% yards!,
long, from 50 to 58 inches wide,
very nice quality, very choice de-!
signs, regular^ i /"IP"
value 52 75, 53 and U« i U U
53 25, your choice {V) X •O O
200 pairs of Irish Point and Rococo 1
Curtains, in ecru and white, 3%
yards long, from 50 to 54 inches ,
wide, in very latest -k. -^ g-^ **
designs, regular\l*y *. I 1-*.
value $4, 54 50 and 9U€j m^ACJ\
54 75, your choice at N''/*-^ • -B \
SEE WINDOW DISPLAY.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
INDICTED FOR EMBEZZLEMENT.
WESTCHESTER, Pa., Nov. s.— The
Grand Jury of the Quarter Sessions Court
has found another Indictment against ex-
CongTessman Smedley Darlington, presi
dent of the wrecked Chester County
Guarantee Trust and Safe Deposit Com
pany upon a charge of embezzlement in
receiving deposits at a time when he
knew the concern to be Insolvent. The
former indictment against Mr. Darlington
HUDYAN is the greatest wMllMi HUDSON MEDICAL INSTl-
remedio-treatment that has W?Jm/imZm TUTE, and from no one else,
ever been produced by any l-WL^mi You need HUDYAN when th«
combination of physicians. y iM^Fmlmt facial nerves twitch, as there is
It cures prematurity. The l/wf^fll/ Ili certain to be an irritation at
HUDYAN remedio- treat- I J^J^j I j«/j!| their centers in the brain. You
ment cures the diseases and .W MO mßi'lm need HUDYAN when there is
disabilities of men. It is a \^ff j '//u||igf a decline of the nerve force, be- •
remedio-treatment for men VHifill /ilajf cause this decline shows a lack
only. It cures nervous \^l«|V J^Mi of nerve life, which may develop
weakness, spermatorrhoea, NSlji! ■^H lnio nervous debility,, and then
losses and pimples. HUD- fUj| iMjBK possibly into nervous prostra-
VAN cures depression of \l?i|| &s?§£> J tion. If you have harassed your
spirits, bashfuln'ss, inabil- j^j |\ M^i\ nerves, if you have knot-
ity to look frankly into the ISTm) J&Z ted or gnarled them, if
eyes of another. HUD- f^Tfa W gy*»J& you have abused your
VAN cures < headache, dim- j - I^. lw<j£^r~ ■ nerves, the best thins? for
ness of sight, weak mem- tP \lp &d£3L you to get is HUDYAN.
"ry. loss of voice. HUD- f& %iW Al^ ■ You can get HUDYAN
VAN cures stunted growth, &W* jffmm& only from us. HUDYAN
d\"?rep>h. constipation. -, «T// > jlS'lffSHl^i cures varicoctle, hy-
HUDYAN cures weakness W V ilP' llhtmM drocele, dizziness,
or pains in the small of • Jskfjiiiu iSum u~ **• falling sensation?,
the back, loss of muscu- * mWWfa^cSL^ despair, sorrow
lar povver/gloomv, m;i- O" 6^^^/^!! iw.JMli^W^ and misery. Con-
ancholv forebodings. ty^ WW&RSU tiaf&^^S^ : -suit the HUDSON
HUDYAN can be had w irll'^W =HUB(Sl3** doctors about
from the doctors of the J§/|/ 1 !i®'^^fSjS HUDYAN in their
a building of thirty rooms; or write for circulars and testimonials of the great
HUDYAN. Call for information or write for CIRCULARS AND TESTI-
MONIALS, FREE. v ' ' ' :.; : ' : ;•; ■ "-^ -:•■■■>:,••,'•■• '..-■;. -•'- . ....;;'
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Ellis, Market and Stockton Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
BLOOD POISON — In its first, secondary or tertiary form ; is sure to show these bad
BLOOD POlSON— signs: You will notice copper-colored spots, an itching skin, irri-
BLOOD POlSON— tated, dry, parched throat, sores in mouth, falling hair. You
BLOOD j POISON— -have to be quick to stop this disease. If you wane to be cured
BLOOD POISON— a-ily, quickly and thorough ~ consult ; the doctors :of ' HUD-
BLOOD POISON— SON. Their great * r v
blood poison— ■ *^n«r"l VI V /m/ost
blood poison- . _ m LJ/\ T \JUtvJC .
BLOOD POISON— Is what you need. Cail or write for clrcu ars of jo-day cure.
assessor- ■- ■- , .-. • ■■■.• >OkMinmSiK£ r ■■■«.'s.'>*i'.'.si.-.-'i*;:-.-'. ■•'■".
250 pairs of Irish Point Curtains, In
six different patterns, , ecru and
white, . 3% yards long, very choice
designs, regular # ..—^ AX
value $5, $5 50 and U* O fj t*.
$5 75, ' your choice ffi fj tj€J
at >^/V^**^X^
185 pairs of Point de Calais, Rococo
and Irish Point Curtains, 3% yards
long, from 50 to 56 inches wide, in
very latest de- . - . |^
signs, regular v* /■ '> d CL
value $6 and $6 50, (0*44 fj £j
your choice at..... ■*•• \o.^*
200 pairs of Renaissance, Point de
Calais and Irish Point Curtains,
in various new designs, 3% yards
long, from 54 to 56 inches wide, ex-
cellent quality, — . .-«,
regular value $7 50, O* £1 I J £1
$7 75 and 58, your »n r I- /ifl
choice at .......... \K^^«*««*^
was said to be defective, and would soon,
have become null and void by reason oC
nearly two years having expired in get
ting an opinion from the Supreme CourC
upon the legality of the appointment oC
experts.
Loses His Left Foot.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 5.— H. D. Church
11l Jumped from a moving narrow-gauge
train this evening and fell so that his left
foot was on the track. The foot waa #o
badly crushed that amputation was
necessary.MARIA TERESA ENGULFED
DURING A FURIOUS STORM
Raised Spanish Cruiser
Foundered Off the
Bahamas.
Was Being Towed and Con
voyed From Santiago to
the United States,
Gallant Struggle Made by the Dis
abled Captain and Lieutenant-
Commander Harris and the
Crew to Save the Vessel,
but They Barely
Saved Their Own
Lives.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHARLESTON, Nov. s.— The tug
Merritt put into Charleston this morn-
Ing for supplies. She reported the loss
of the cruiser Maria Teresa, raised by
Constructor Hobson, off San Salvador,
Bahamas, November 1, In the midst of
a furious storm.
The cruiser left Caimanera, Cuba, on
the morning of October 30, in toy*, for
New York. She had already passed
Cape Maysi and 'started northeast
around the Bahamas. A furious storm,
warning; of which had already been
sent out, overtook her, and in her con
dition she was unable to weather the
gale. The strain opened rents in her
hull which had been patched to enable
her to make the Journey, and she began
to .fill rapidly. The Merritt took off
Captain Harris and the crew from the
sinking ship and she soon went down.
The Merritt brought the captain and
136 men, who will proceed north by
rail. No lives were lost, as far as
known.
The Merritt is now at quarantine, six
miles from the city, communication
with her being difficult.
Later in the day the Merritt arrived
from quarantine, and the survivors of
the Teresa came ashore. They lost all
clothing and personal effects, and are
supplied scantib". The Teresa sunk
thirty miles off Walling Island at mid
night Tuesday, after battling with the
gale six hours.
She met the storm Tuesday morning,
and the vessel began to strain in the
high seas. Parts of the hull thought to
be safe became weakened, rivets broke
and the water made rapidly in the hold.
The boilers began to give way, and
final'- the water extinguished the fires
in the engine room. The pumps would
not work. The whole vessel showed
signs of a collapse, and the men stood
stripped, waiting orders to quit the
ship.
The Vulcan was towing the Teresa
while the Merritt rescued 114 of the
crew, made up of volunteers from the
Cincinnati, Newark and Vulcan. The
ropes were then cut, and she rapidly
filled. The Vulcan and Leonidas de
serted the Merritt, which put into
Charleston with the rescued. Captain
Crittenden and Captain Lacade of the
Merritt had their arms sprained. The
crew left the shin for Norfolk.
OFFICIAL STORY OF THE
LOSS OF THE TERESA
WASHINGTON, Nov. 5.— A thrilling
Btory of the loss of the cruiser Maria
Teresa is given in the official report
of Lieutenant Commander Harris to
the Secretary of the Navy, received by
telegraph at the Navy Department late
this afternoon. It is dated "On Board
Wrecking Steamer Merritt fifty miles
off Charleston, November 4," and says:
Secretary- of the Navy, Washington—
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ASTHMA
CUBED
TO STAY CURED.
During the Last Six Weeks Over
700 Sufferers Have Tried DOC-
TOR ROUXEL'S Asthma Cure.
Over 600 Continued the Treat-
ment. That Speaks for Itself.
The doctor wants each sufferer from Asthma.
Kay Fever or Bronchitis in this city to call and
get one. When asked regarding his reasons for
giving his remedy away in this manner he
said: "People are naturally skeptical about an
asthma remedy. : and when you consider the
number of so-called 'cures' on the market you
can hardly blame them. Now I claim that my
Cure cures. It will Instantly , relieve the most
violent attack. It has permanently cured thou-
sands who had been considered Incurable. If
I did not believe it why should I be giving- It
away? .The sufferer who gets, a sample can
tell whether it is as I represent it, and it
doesn't cost him a cent. That is fair, isn't it?"
It certainly does not look as if anything could
be fairer. Those living in the city or vicinity
must call at office. Those living at a distance
can receive free sample by addressing DR.
ROI'XEL, 323 Kearny street.
, Hours— ll a. m. to 4p. m. and 7toBp. m.
Sundays— ll to 12. .
Use . ?**& and
Facial Soap S^/ Facial Cream.
Age, nines* Care cause Wrinkle*. Derma-
tologist JOHN H. WOODBURT, 117 West 42d
■t., N. T., 183 State St., Chicago, has had orer
M years' practical experience removing Wrin-
kle*, Crow's Feet, etc. No pain.
THE FORMER SPANISH CRUISER MARIA ' TERESA.
From a photograph taken by a staff artist of the Herald-Call an hour after she was abandoned by Admiral Cer
vera and her crew.
Sir: I have the honor to make the fol
lowing report of the loss of the Infanta
Maria Teresa: .
On November 1 at 1 a. m. I found that
it was blowing hard, and went on the
lower bridge. We had left Watllngs
Island light abeam at 10 o'clock, and up
to midnight the weather was pleasant,
and all went well with the ship, although
we had trouble in keeping the pump in
the forward flreroom from being choked
with coal. The wind continued to in
crease in force until perhaps 3 a. m.,
when it reached it 3 height, although
there were times all nay when it blew as
hard as ever. The direction was about
northeast. The sea continued to rise un
til perhaps 6 p. m.; there was a heavy
sea all the following day. Soon after 1
came on deck I relieved the second mate.
Mr. Johnson, so that he could go below
to fight the water. About 3:30 the first
mate, Captain Locato, came up, and he
also went below to work. Captain Chit
tenden, who was on deck almost as soon
as t, gave his attention to the pumps, es
pecially to priming the centrifugal pump
in the forward fireroom. There w^re
many new leaks. When a heavy sea
struck the sides the plates leaked at the
butts and seams, showing that af
ter the fire they had resumed their for
mer appearance, but were not tight.
There was at the mainmast an inch of
thwart ship viuration, and only half an
inch longitudinal vibration. While mak
ing this examination, about 4:30 a. m..
Captain Chittenden was thrown down
and fell on the chain, hurting his side and
back enough to temporarily disable him.
He continued to give us valuable advice.
At 3 a. m. we made signal to the Vulcan
and Merritt to go to windward, which
they did as well as they could. Up to 1
o'clock a. m. we were running the star
board main engines and had steam on the
two central boilers, but the trouble in the
forward fireroom caused the steam to run
low and lighten fires under the starboard
after boiler, and we stopped the engine
«n as to run the steam in for the pumps.
The pump for keeping the water from
the forward compartment was driven by
a belt, and when the sea broke over the
bows the belt became wet and slipped.
As soon as the water was up to the floor
place in the forward fireroom the rolling
of the ship washed into the coal bunkers
and carried the coal out, choking the
pump and carrying the floor plates about,
which made it difficult and dangerous to
■work there. About 8 o'clock I called for
volunteers to hoist coal and water into
the ash hoist. Everybody responded, and
the work was continued as long as it
seemed of any use. About 3:30 a. m. It
was reported that water was coming into
one of the starboard forward coal bunk
ers and running into the firerooms. "Where
the water came from we do not know.
About 2 o'clock the 11-lnch gun in me
after turret ran out and in twice. When
It recoiled the second time something
gave way, and It settled to extreme eleva
tion and remained stationary. We asked j
the Vulcan to signal the Leonidas to stay i
close to us, and the latter hoisted the flafc |
at the signal yardarm, which was a signal
agreed upon to call the Leonidas to come
within hail. She was steaming ahead of
us and making rather bad weather. It
seemed as if she feared to turn in the
heavy sea. but eventually she did cross
ahead of the Merritt, and twice passed
under the Merritt's stern, although at
some distance. I think she picked up the
ilferafts which the Vulcan threw over.
About 11:30 o'clock we signaled the \ ulcan
to ask the Merritt if we could be turned
saMv to run for the lee of Watlings
Island To this Captain Wolcott replied
no and as Captain Chittenden th/ought
we would sink if we tried to turn this idea
W Both H the \ P ulcan and Merritt could with
difficulty keep their head to wind ami
the sea was running so high that the
Vulcan's bitts started, or the tow lines
parted. The ship was falling into the
trough of the sea. At 1 p. m. Captain
Chittenden asked me to signal the Vulcan
to cast off the Merritt'B tow lines and
have the Merritt come alongside. Then I
assumed the command, told the men what
was to be done and assigned them sta
tions. I told the chief engineer to start
the engine to aid the Vulcan In keeping
our head up. He did so, but it could
run but a short time with the steam we
We signaled the Vulcan, "We have to
abandon ship." I ordered Captain Lecato
to take charge of the lee surf boat, and
when it was lowered to the rail ordered
Captain Chittenden into it against his
repeated protests. He was placed in the
boat with his ?'>n. This boat was unable
to reach the lines we had astern, but the
Merritt picked them up and after taking
Captain Chittenden aboard towed the boat
to our lee quarter and repeated this
maneuver each trip. She - is splendidly
handled. From 2:20 o'clocK the work of
transferring the crew continued. Captain
Lecato made two more trips, when, his
arm being disabled, his place was taken
by Mr. Johnsnn, who also took two boat
loads The life raft was taken o\ier and
capsized, but was righted. It was put in
charge of James Bashford. ordinary sea
man, of the Illinois Naval Militia. He and
his crew took Fix Cubans to the Merritt.
The smaller surf boat towed under the
lee side was then gotten ready, and I
Dut it In charge of Charles A. Dunne,
quartermaster of the first class. T gave
him nearly all the good seamen left for a
crew It was launched very handsomely
and made two trips. In all those trips we
noured oil from the spnnsons on both
sides and the Vulcan also used oil to
make it smooth where the embarking was
done I doubt if we could have worked
without It. The ship labored more and
more heavily. Before I left the bridge
she rolled her sponsons under, which I
should estimate to be thirty degrees, and
her pitching was enough to show her
rudder propellers and perhaps twelve feet
of her 'keel She was about four feet by
the head She fell into the sea and shud
dered as she rose. There was no water
aft The Vulcan did her best to keep
her head up. steering to starboard and
ffoing at full speed while the sea beat
the Teresa's head to port. Throughout
the day the Vulcan did everything possi
ble. We were constantly signaling.
With the exception of three men who
got drunk and gave much trouble, all the
crew behaved well, kvery man did his
duty and my orders were instantly obey
ed by wreckers and m*n of the navy.
When the fires were low I called for vol
unteers and the donkey boilers were at
on C rfired up. Twice I asked C. P. Smith
and James F. Brlen, chief machinists, to
oil the steering gear and they d d so.
When I took L>unne from the helm to
lower the smaller surf boat his place was
taken by William C. Morehoff, machinist
eecond class, who steered the wreck until
we left the bridge together, when he lash
ed the wheel amidships, VUlliard Cros
eett was signal man and was as cool as
possible. He made no mistakes. About
4:30 he made signal, "Han* on to the
wreck until you are sure she is sinking,"
THE SAT* FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
to which the Vulcan replied, "We will
hold on until she sinks or parts the tow
line." The last signal he made was, ' ~.ie
small boats will take all." After that I
had to go aft to force the drunken men
overboard, and about 5 o'clock we were
all off. The boats were hauled under the
stem its near as it was safe, where the
oil and lee of the ship made it smooth,
and were held by one line, while another
line with a ladder attached floated to the
stern. Two double bights were stopped
on the right side to go over a man's
shoulder. The end was slackened from
the ship and when two men jumped they
were hauled into the boat. A very fine
fellow named Olsen attended to this.
When all had gone but he and I he cut
the line and we jumped together. It was
perhaps 5:30 when we reached the Mer
ritt. While she was getting the surf
boats the Vulcan slipped the hawser of
the Teresa. I expect that the wreck
dragging off to port brought all the
strain on the port bridge and started the
bitts. When the boats were in the Mer
ritt at my request started to speak the
Vulcan, but was unable to reach her, and
she apparently did not hear our whistle.
The Merritt then returned to find the
wreck, but could not do so. The search
continued until 1 p. m. the following day,
when she headed for Charleston. Very
respectfully,
IRA HARRIS,
Lieutenant Commander.
MAY CHECK BRINGING
OF OTHER CAPTURED SHIPS
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The Navy
Department has received a dispatch
from Lieutenant Commander Harris,
who was with the Maria Teresa when
she left Calmanera, saying he had
reached Charleston last night on the
wrecking tug Merritt with the officers
and fifty-eierht men formerly the crew
of the Teresa. The cruiser was lost
about thirty miles north of San Salva
dor Tuesday last in a notheast gale of
exceptional violence.
This was all the advice received at
the department up to 2 o'clock.
The news of the loss of the Spanish
cruiser came to the Navy Department
in a telegram from Lieutenant Com
mander Harris, received about 10
o'clock this morning. Secretary Long
being temporarily absent from the de
partment, the officials of the Naviga
tion Bureau, acting under a strict con
struction of official etiquette, refused to
make the dispatch public until the Sec
retary had riven his consent. Conse
quently the publication was delayed.
When finally published the dispatch
read as follows:
i'HARLESTON, S. C. Nov. s.—Secre
tary of Navy, Washington: Arrived here
last night on steamer Merritt with Amer
ican crew of Infanta Maria Teresa, aban
doned in heavy northeaster, November 1,
thirty miles north of San Salvador. Have
fifty-eight enlisted men. HARRIS.
Looking at the chart it was not diffi
cult for the officers at the department
to see how the ship had foundered un
der the influence of the heavy north
east gale reported. As near as they
could calculate, the vessel lies in about
2600 fathoms of water, or nearly three
miles. The location is 24 degrees north
latitude by 74.30 west longitude, about
235 miles distant from Nassau, and 310
miles distant from Caimanera, the port
from which she started a little over
two days before. She had just emerged
from the Crooked Passage, and to
make her course was obliged to lay
with her head about northwest. This
would bring the heavy sea over her
forward side, and under such severe
pounding the vessel must have suc
cumbed. There was no alternative.
On her lee lay the rocky Bahamas and
innumerable shoals with shaHows be
tween and with shallow water in every
direction except straight ahead or di
rect astern.
To have turned about and sought an
other passage would have been an ex
tremely perilous undertaking to begin
with, and even after getting safejy
about the vessel ' would have been
obliged to travel many hundred miles
more than intended in order to have
picked up another cour^-o, this time
closer to the North American conti
nent, and with the added dangers that
proximity to the Florida shoals might
bring.
It is said at the Navy Department
that Lieutenant Commander Harris
will be ordered at once to Norfolk,
where the rescued seamen will be
placed aboard a receiving ship.
The greatest regret was expressed in
official circles regarding the loss of the
Maria Teresa. Secretary of State Hay
said that he was indeed sorry to hear
that it had been found Impossible to
bring the vessel to the United States
when everybody was so much interest
ed in her. He expressed gratification
that no loss of life was reported in con
sequence of the disaster.
Acting Secretary Allen of the Navy-
Department said the loss was much
greater than any intrinsic value repre
sented in the ship. She was the link
that connected the great naval victory
with the United States. It was a senti
ment bred in this country that suc
ceeded in raising her, and it was the
wish of the whole people that she
should be brought to the United States.
It was the general Impression about the
State, War and Navy buildings that the
loss of the Maria Teresa would prevent
any further attempt to bring any of
the other vessels to this country.
UNCLE SAM WILL
NOT LOSE VERY MUCH
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— No orders
were issued by the Navy Department
up to the close of office hours as to the
disposition of Lieutenant Commander
Harris and his crew, and Captain
Crowninshleldof the Bureau of Naviga
tion said no orders would be formulat3d
to-night.
It is said at the Navy Department
that provision was made by which the
Teresa could_have_weathered_any ordi
narystorm^ A rough wooden deck had
been nailed over her upper works. Her
hull was then sheathed and heavy
chains were wound around her so as to
hold her together. Although far from
seaworthy, all that was expected was
that the cruiser might be kept afloat
until docked in this country. She had
been stripped of all guns and valua
bles, save the big turret 11-inch guns
before starting, bo that it is believed
there will be no loss on that account.
It is the opinion of the Navy Depart
ment that the Government, besides the
value of the ship herself, loses only the
amount per diem of $800 per day
through the sinking of the vessel, be
cause the contract appears to have re
quired the delivery by the wrecking
company of the vessel at the navy-yard
at Norfolk, Va.
According to the contract, salvage
was to consist of such further compen
sation over or above the per diem and
stipulated expenses as might be award
ed by a board a^Dointed Tor that pur
pose, consisting of a representative of
each party and a third party, their sur
vey to be made after the vessel's de
livery at Norfolk.
The first thing now in order is a
court of inquiry; in fact, the depart
ment has no option in the case of the
loss of a vessel under such conditions.
This court is required to 'fix the re
sponsibility for loss. Upon their con
clusion will depend whether or not a
court-martial shall be held. Lieuten
ant Commander Harris is the only of
ficer whom the department knows to
have been attached to the Teresa, al
though he was doubtless supported by
pome warrant officers whose names
were not reported to the department
bofore the ship sailed. He was in com
mand of the Vulcan throughout the war
and bears an enviable reputation for
ability in his profession.
The opinion is expressed that with
the material raised by the wreckers of
the Teresa and from the other ships
which have been operated upon so far
the Navy Department will be able to
reimburse itself fully for the outlay of
$800 ncr diem to the contractors.
The loss of the ship will be a bitter
disappointment to the people in Nor
folk, where extensive arrangements
have been made to bring excursions
from all points to the navy yard there
to look at the famous ship and where
the reconstruction of the vessel would
afford at least a year and a half's work
to a large body of mechanics and la
borers.
Finest Train Running.
CHICAGO. Nov. s.— The "Royal Lim
ited," the new train of the Baltimore ajid
Ohio Railroad, was on exhibition In Chi
cago to-day prior to its leaving for tlie
East to take its regular schedule run be
tween Washington and New York City.
The train has just left the Pullman shops
and is accredited with possessing the
finest equipment known in modern rail
roading.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Walking the Floor.
When a business man gets to the point
where be cannot sleep at night, where he is
so shattered of nerve that it is torture to
even remain in his bed, and he has to pet
up and pace the floor — it is time for that
man to bring himself up with a round turn.
If he does not, it means nervous prostration
and menta., if not physical, death.
For a man who gets into this condition
there is a remedy that will brace him up,
put him on his feet and make a man of him
again. It is Dr. Pierces Golden Medical
Discovery. It goes to the bottom of things.
It searches out the first cause. When a
man is in tMis condition you can put your
finger on one of two spots and hit that first
caus* — the stomach or the liver or both.
This great medicine acts ..directly on these
spots. It promptly transforms a weak stom-
ach into a healthy one. It facilitates the
flow of digestive juices and makes diges-
tion and assimilation perfect. It gives a
man an appetite like a boy's. It invigor-
ates the liver. It fills the blood with the
life-giving elements of the food, and makes
it pure, rich, red and plentiful. The blood
is the life current, and when it is filled with
the elements that build new and healthy
tissues, it does not take long to make a man
well and strong. It builds firm, muscular
flesh tissues and strong and steady nerve
fibers. It puts new life, vigor and vitality
into every atom and organ of the body. It
cures nervous exhaustion and prostration.
Nothing "just as good" can be found at
medicine store*.
" I had suffered about eleven years with a pain
In the back of my head and back," writes Mr.
Robert Hubbard, of Varner, Lincoln Co., Ark.
" I Buffered for eleven year* and spent a great
deal of money for doctors and medicine, but did
not get relief. Then I tried four bottles of the
'Golden Medical Discovery' and improved great-
ly. I sent for five more and now am glad to tell
everyone that I am in good health."
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THIS IS AN ADVERTISEMENT
Of Rochester, New York,
Reproduced from "Gibson's Clothing Gazette," a journal published in New York City, devoted to
the interests of the clothing trade. Read every line of it—then read what follows:
IS ' SACK -:,;; ■
S| V/? c$ <?O; u(?\ \t '! \ ■• ' !
SUITS CAN BE RETAILED FROM $12. OVERCOATS FROH $15.
THE STEIN=BLOCH CO.,
WHOLESALE TAILORS.
New York Salesrooms: 718=720 BROADWAY.
Principal Office and Tailor Shops at Boston Office, Boylston Building,
ROCHESTER, NEW YORK. MR. CHAS. E. HK3LEY, MR. EDGAR J. ROSENBURQ.
Chicago Office, Great Northern Hotel, MR. LOUIS A. KOHN.
NOW THEN-
The Stein- Block advertisement above has told its own
story. They are the manufacturers of the highest-class
clothes.
We consider the Stein- Block clothes superior to Brokaw's,
Rogers, Peet ; in a word, the])' re the best clothes produced.
We have taken some 300 suits of their make, stylishly
made for winter 1898 and 1899 ; they're the personification
of neatness, in the nobby cheviots, in the mixed patterns, and
will offer, and have caused to be marked in our window, these
celebrated Stein- Bloch suits, for just a few days,
$Q. 95.
It's a good dresser's harvest. Of course you'll be on hand.
SPECIALISTS ON MALE APPAREL.
This label is favorably known to
more men who wear good clothes than
any other in the whole World.
THE MODERN RETAIL
CLOTHIER SPENDS AP-
PROXIMATELY ABOUT FIVE
PER CENT OF THE AMOUNT
OF HIS SALES FOR ADVER-
TISING.
He advertises in order to bring
customers to his store.
If his "ads" are at all clever
he usually brings them.
But many come but once and
never more.
WHY? Because his clothing
does not carry out the promise
of the clothier.
QUERY: Is it "good busi-
ness" to spend a lot of money
to bring customers to your store
and then sell them clothing
which will tend to "keep them
away" ever after ?
STEIN-BLOCH CLOTHES
will justify all the good things
which have ever been said of
them.
STEIN-BLOCH CLOTHES
will satisfy more hard-to-please-
and-difficult-to-fit men than any
you ever handled.
STEIN-BLOCH CLOTHES
are easily sold, because their
merits are so well known to
fine-clothes-wearers.
84
FOR GAGE AND NEFF PARADE, RED FIRE AND ORATORY.
Republican Hosts Rally
at Woodward's.
MAGNIFICENT
ASSEMBLAGE
An Outpouring of the
Masses to Greet the
Great Leaders.
A Splendid Tribute Paid by
Voters to the Principles
of the Party.
VICTORY IS NOW WITHIN VIEW
Cheering Words Gome From the
Lips of the Men to Whom
the People Look for Good
Government.
With salvo of cannon and the cheers of
a multitude; In the flare of myriad rock
ets and vari-colored fires; with the
glamor of bright uniforms and flaming
flambeaux, the la?t night of the battle
came and went and the warriors of the
Grand Old Party have planted their
standards in the last ditch of the dis
ciples of confusion and civil wrong.
Never in the history of the city has
there been such a demonstration to the
principles of Republicanism as that last
night; never have the masses come out
to do such honor to their chosen leaders
and give such pledges of unanimous ap
proval to the past ai:d tlie future of Re
publicanism.
From 8 o'clock until the long procession
of Republican clubs had passed to Wood
ward's Pavilion. Market street was
crowded along its fuil length and alight
with the flare of fireworks. Booming
cannon and crashing bombs made scarce
more noise than the cheering of the 50,000
or more of San Francisco's citizens who
had turned out to give more than pas
sive consent to party enthusiasm.
It was their last opportunity to give
public expression to their sympathies and
to hear the pledges of their nominees,
and they fell In behind the procession and
marched with it to the place of meet-
Ing.
From early evening the Palace Hotel
and Union League headquarters was
thronged with the bright uniforms of the
gathering clubs. They came in twos and
threes and in cheering squads. Every
district in the city sent its delegation to
swell the lists and make memorable the
last night of a memorable campaign.
As the clubmen gathered the citizens
gathered with them. Market street at 7
o'clock was too densely packed to permit
of comfortable passage. In the lobby of
the Palace the Fourth Cavalry Band was
swelling 'the enthusiasm with national
eirs, and as a consequence the hotel be
came the center of gravitation.
At 7:SO o'clock the men of the Union
League Drill Corps, their bright red uni
forms as pretty a sight as In the famous
campaigns of history, began to gather
in knots in the corridors and wherever
they could find a spot not too crowded
for safe experiment* with their flaring
torches. They were objects of all-absorb
ing interest until a blast from the horn
of the cavalry bugler called them into a
well-dressed line. With a "forward
fours, fours right" from Captain Charles
F. Kinsman they marched out to Market
Street, their way made light by the glare
of red fire from the balconies of the
Grand Hotel.
At the corner of Montgomery street they
picked up the balance of the first divi
sion, the Army and Navy Republican
League, the Howard and Fremont clubs
and the clubs from the Twenty-eighth.
Twenty-ninth, Thirtieth, Thirty-first.
Thirty-second, Thirty-third and Thirty
fourth Assembly Districts. The cavalry
band led the growing procession to
Kearny street and there mid the racket
of thundering cannon and bursting bombs
from the cupalo of The Call building the
line was made complete with the second
and third divisions, consisting of the
Phoenix Club Drill Corps, Continental
League, Olympia Club, Dewey Club, As
sociated League United Labor Club.
Thirty-fifth, Thirty-sixth, Thirty-seventh,
Thirty-eighth, Thirty-ninth and Fortieth
Assembly District clubs. Bear Club Drill
Corps, Young Men's Republican " League.
Harbor Club, Ilobson Club, Gage Repub
lican Club, Argonaut Club. Forty-first,
Forty-second,' Forty-third, Forty-fourth
and Forty-fifth Assembly District clubs.
A squad of police forced back the mob'
that had spread across t*.e line of march,
and the procession took up its way on out
the line. Its progress was necessarily
Blow, and at times the crowd broke
through the cordon of the "finest" and
stopped proceedings altogether. The
music of the bands was nearly drowned
In the hideous roar of a half-dozen bazoo
bands that had fallen Into line, and when
they got fairly inside trie firing line and
the cannon and bombs began to play on
every side they gave It up as a senseless
task, and never a drum tapped until
Tenth street was reached and the -guns
were silent for want of powder.
At the corner of Powell street things
looked serious. The crowd was dense and
j was roaring with one voice for Henry T.
Gage. Those who had been, attracted to
the grand stands near Metropolitan Tem
ple surged out of Fifth street and added
to the din; but Mr. Gage did not trans
pire. He was due to speak at the Pavilion
at 8:30 o'clock, and he saw that at Hit
rate the procession was breaking its way
up Market street he would be a good hour
late; so with an order to the cabman to
whip up he gained the head of the parade
and was finally free to make his own time
to his appointment.
Not finding Mr. Gage handy, the crowd
turned Its attention to Charles L. Patton
and to the other candidates, to whose car
riages they were holding up. The Patton
hat and the Kahn smile were kept act
ively at work until the procession was
allowed to proceed.
Off of the new smooth pave and over
the rolling cobbles Marshal Stone led hi.«
forces, but the change in the character
of the pave made none In the character
of the crowd nor ; in the racket of the
cannon^ Tjae^ .wall, of grouting, jCh.e.e^njg
I humanity hedped in the street on either |
side and extended to the door of the Pa
vilion itself.
Mr. Gage arrived at the Pavilion a full
five minutes before the men with the
torches. In his unostentatious way he
proceeded unaccompanied to the rear of
the big auditorium and looked down on
THE 'sAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
Cheers for Charles L. Patton and the
Municipal Nominees.
the .throng of thousands that had come
to hear him speak and to give him sin
cerest assurance of their faith in him.
his principles and his party.
He was joined after a few minutes by
James Alva Watt, and together they
made their way through the audience to
ward the flag-bedecked rostrums where
Julius Kahn and Charles L. Patton
awaited their leader.
Mr. Gage had accomplished half the
distance before he found any hindrance.
Then some enthusiastic partisan dis
covered him. and, with an excited, "By
, there's Gage," announced to the
waiting audience that the defender of its
cause had come. His pathway was
blocked in a twinkling, hands were ex
tended in a cordial grasp of greeting,
cheer upon cheer resounded from the gal
leries and the balconies and men and
women stood In their seats anJ fought
each other back for a looK and a chance
to cheer.
Even the seasoned campaigners who had
preceded him and who have in their tri
umphal marches through the city grown
used to the eulogies of t heir fellows
caught the infection of the shouting
masses on the floor of tfie house, and
added their cheers to the general din.
Only the arrival of the Union League
men broke a clear passage, and Mr. Gage
took advantage of it to escape from his
admirers to the protection of the plat
form. Ex-Senator McGowan got up to
pay him some nice compliments, but the
League Corps had not had its turn at the
cheering, and they howled him back to
his seat. The Harmony Legion surged in
and the Army and Navy League crowded
after under the impetus of the rest of the
procession still outside the doors.
It was a noisy quarter of an hour be
fore the yelling, good natures mob had
been hammered and coaxed into compara
tive quiet by McGowan, and he was per
mitted to extend to the numerous clubs
the thanks of the party and announce the
speakers.
Charles L. Patton came up first and he
wore a smile that rivaled Julius Kahn's.
It won for him a reception that was sec
ond only to that accorded Mr. Gage. After
he had told his hearers all that he had
to say he was sent back to his seat in the
same noisy fashinn. He made way for
Mr. O&ge, and if the Governor-to-be had
left any remaining doubt of his personal
and political popularity after his first re
ception it was dispelled at the second.
Senator Frank McGowan called the
great gathering of Republicans to order
shortly after S o'clock. He said:
"I bring you after an extended cam
paign glad tidings of a Republican tri
umph. From every part of California
comes the same cheering news of the
tide of Republican sentiment that is
sweeping our State. We must stand
shoulder to shoulder and sustain the
workers and be true to the heroes of the
party. We must sustain the matchless
administration of that grand man, Presi
dent William McKinley. (Cheers.) We of
this coast recognize that a new, a grand,
a broad destiny has been opened to us
since the war with Spain. The eyes of
the commercial world are directed to
ward this coast.
"The Philippine Islands. Hawaii and the
Nicaragua canal all mean added com
merce and added importance to the State
of California, and more especially to the
city In which we live. The policy of the
administration is to extend the commerce
of this coast in three directions. CaUfor
i nia would be derelict to the trust reposed
i in it if it did not maintain with dignity
i the Republican administration at Wash
| ing-. California, the loyal land of peace
i and plenty, which sent men to Cuba and
to the Philippines at the first call to arms,
must not at the present tiime turn a
deaf ear to the call for its support of Re
publican principles."
Chairman McGowan then introduced
Tlrey L. Ford. He said:
"From the wave of enthusiasm that
sweeps through this city I believe that
1 Alameda and Los Angeles counties must
look well to their laurels, or that much
coveted banner for the greatest Republi
can county will cross the bay and repose
in San Francisco. This sentiment of Re
publicanism pervades the State through
i out its entire length and breadth. San
I Francisco recognizes the importance of
! a Republican majority in the effect it
'< will have on the city's future commercial
development. The manner in which the
'confusion' candidates have been present
ed to the p«ople is unique in some re
spects. Among them is the man who
seeks the highest office. He should come
before you and explain his stand. For
many reasons the Governorship of Cali
fornia is the most important office of its
character in America. The Governor has
great influence in directing- the policy of
the State.
•In this case the fusion candidate haa
accepted many peculiar nominations. He
stands on the platform of three parties
antagonistic to one another. The Popu
lists nominated him, the Democrats in
dorsed the nomination, and last the Sil
ver Republicans adopted a platform and
resolution and nominated him. The Popu
lists nominated him. The Democrats said,
'Amen.' I can't find out whether he Is a
Populist, Democrat or Silver Republi
can. The Examiner should submit this
puzzle to its readers and see if any one
can solve It.
"All the parties have principles wholly
unlike to one another, and none of them
follow the principles expounded by
Thomaa Jefferson. Magulre says he is
1 1 < > t a Populism, so we don't have to dis
cuss that. He can't be a Silver Republl
• .!!). because he can't be a Republican of
-.iiiy kind. Maguire sings, 'All platforms
look alike to me.'
"The Republicans have given you a rep
resentative man on one platform of en
during principles. The Republicans went
, among the people and selected a repre- J
sentntive of the sturdy manhood of the
people. He stands a typical American
and a California^ of whom the State may
well be proud. He has a high order of
ability and shuns the speech of the dema
gogue. No improper influence can reach
him. Whatever else you do you make no
mistake if you cast your vote for Henry
T. Gage."
Edgar L. Pelxotto was next introduced.
He said: "We are nearlng the end of
a glorious campaign. Every man who has
gone through the State within the past
month has returned with the tidings that
a great Republican triumph is assured
on election day. Never before have meet
ings been so well attended or so patriotic.
For on! thing the party is backed by
great principles and not by that bugaboo,
the railroad. We are sorry for the 'Little
Giant.' He may be all right as a man,
but those little *polliwog3 In his brain
creating those 'isms' are not in keeping
with a high office. We simply are not
going to have them. California will roll
up her votes as she rolled up her splendid
regiments of citizen soldiery for Cuba and
for Manila. Our motto Is 'Unity and lib
erty, toleration and humanity, peace and
good will to all mankind.' "
The silver-tongued McGowan Introduced
Charles L. Patton, nominee for Mayor,
as that peerless young Republican the
next Mayor. Mr. Patton was accorded a
reception that was flattering in the ex
treme. He was cheered by the great
crowd, while flags were everywhere
waved. He said:
"Tour chairman has Introduced me as
the next Mayor of San Francisco. From
the growing enthusiasm among the peo
ple during the past week I believe I have
a good chance to attain that important
'office. This is not because of any great
ness on my part but because of the splen
did platform and principles of the Repub
lican party. They appeal to every voter
in this municipality. I am in sympathy
with every plank in the platform, and I
pledge myself to support it. I believe in
the new charter, which the Republican
platform favors. No man and no party of
men dare s=ay us nay. It will become the
organic law of this city, and I ask you
to see to it that Henry T. Gage is the man
who will sign it as Governor.
"I believe in the dollar limit, as, if the
administration of the city is businesslike
and economical, this Bhould be enough
for all purposes. I believe the great cor
porations should be made to pay their
share of the taxation. I believe the high
est interests are subserved by aiding the
laboring men. The private employers
cannot be reached by the law, but the
State labor is different. I will sign no
contract for work unless there is a clause
in it calling for eight hours as a day's
work and not less than $2 a day's pay. I
do not deign reply to the attacks of cer
tain papers and Democratic orators. I
leave the matter in the hands of the vot
ers to decide. Thp Republicans are ac
cused of being dominated by the bosses.
This is easily said, but hard to prove, as
it is untrue. I have made no pledge to
either boss or corporation. I have made
none except to the peopie of San Fran
cisco. If you elect me I will give an hon
est, businesslike administration. I will
count the money in the treasury, if there
is any. I will never 'heft' it. I will at
tend all meetings of the Supervisors, of
the Health Board and of all the depart
ments with which I am connected. Fi
nally, I will treat the office as a great
trust reposed in me by the people."
( li^irman McGowan, in Introducing
Henry T. Gage, spoke of him as the repre
sentative of the best thought and the hlgh
est standard of citizenship in California.
Be said he would uphold the priceless prin
ciples of the matchless James G. Blame
and would prove to the patriotic men of
California that the banner will never fall
to dishonor in his hands. As the chair
man presented Mr. Gage to those in at
tendance they arose in their seats and
cheered him for several minutes. Again
and' again Mr. Gage endeavored to speak,
but the enthusiasm of the people was not
to be exhausted in a moment. Finally
order was secured and Mr. Gage said:
"This magnificent greeting to the Re
publican party and to its principles is a
fitting close to what we have witnessed
throughout the State during this cam
paign. It indicates the State is on the
eve of one of the greatest triumphs ever
witnessed. It indicates that no anarch
istic, no single tax doctrine shall ever
live on California soil. I have spoken in
this city over thirty times and as the
hour is growing late there Is no necessity
for me to enter into a detailed discussion
of the issues of the campaign.
"I want to thank the generous and
kind-hearted people of San Francisco for
the treatment they have given me during
the severe campaign through which we
have passed. When I entered upon this
campaign I said I would make no promise
to either man or corporation. I have kept
that promise, I stand here to-night •un
pledged to any man on earth. If elected
your Governor, and I have no doubt
that I will be, I promise to give the State
a fair, economic, business-like adminis
tration. It will be dominated iiv no man.
I do not promise, as my distinguished op
ponent does, to 'try to do it.' I will do
it. I promise to all a square deal, to rich
am! poor alike. I thank you for your
kindness, and I thank the Republican
politicians of this city for their espousal
of my cause. Not one or them has re
ceived a promise of reward at my hands.
I bid you all good-night."
Julius Kahn followed Mr. Gage, and
spoke as follows:
"Ladies, Gentlemen and Fellow-citizens:
There is only one issue in this campaign,
and that is, Will the people of California,
by electing the Republican ticket, testify
to the nation that they indorse the admir
able administration of William McKinley?
Beside this all other issues sink into ob
livion, for, owing to the current of recent j
events, the State of California is more j
vitally Interested In the outcome of tnis
struggle than any other State In the
Union.
"The opportunities which have arisen
wiil soon [dace California in the
front rank of industrial States. The
opportunities which have arisen will add
millions of dollars to our trade, and we i
are all deeply interested in that legisla
tion which will avail ua of our chances
and bring abundant prosperity to our
, people.
"I want to say just this In conclusion)
I desire to thank the citizens 'of the
Fourth District for the great assistance
they have rendered v.«, and I feel that oc
the Bth day of November the Fourth Dis
trict will again be redeemed to Republi
can principles and that the people will
stand In line for progress, prosperity, pro
tection and the indorsement of the policy
of William McKinley."
The chairman then Introduced D. J.
Murphy and in part he said:
"You will observe from my voice that 1
have been already doing service for my
party and T will take up but little of youi
time in explaining- to you that It is of the
utmost importance thai you elect as youi
representative to the national Legislature
a Republican who stands heart and soul
in accord with the policy already an
nounced and sustained by. that hero of
American rights and liberties, William
McKinley. We have just passed, throuv?'.
an era devoted to warfare. On an islanj
just adjoining our land a little band of
patriots stood fighting for freedom.
Women and children begged on tha
streets for food, being borne down by the
tyranny and oppression of a European
nation. Their cry became so pathetic and
so loud that the American citizens, head
ed by our glorious President, proclaimed
the wholesale murder stopped, and when
he received the defiant answer sent the
boya in blue to the front, and by achiev
ing a victory unparalleled in the world's
history, wiped out the last vestige of op
pression from American territory. The
question which confronts us now is this:
Are we to elect men who will uphold the
arm of McKinley and who will see that
the progressive doctrine sustaining the
policy that wherever American blood has
been spilled and where American flags
have been raised the foot of foreign pow
ers shall never set again? That which we
have acquired and possessed will be held
by American people.
"With reference to the municipal plat
form of the Republican party, even our
bitterest of foes, the Examiner, can say
nothing. Its salient features have been
discussed before this evening by abler
advocates of its adoption by the people
than I am, yet I cannot leave this plat
form without declaring it to be the best
that has ever been placed before the peo
ple of this city. Our candidates have
been made the subject of caricatures;
they have been vilified and maligned;
but not yet has there appeared the paper
or the man who dared to attack their
honesty. I would not be surprised to see
them accused of everything within tho
next few days, but I venture to say that
their reputation for honest deeds and
honest acts will remain intact."
Judge J. M. Troutt said that he would
not touch upon political matters, but ex
pressed pleasure at the thought that on
next Tuesday the people of California
would acknowledge the great work of the
present administration by electing to of
fice the Republican nominees.
J. B. Carson followed on the list of
speakers, and spoke a few words which
were loudly applauded. Master Joseph
Egan, the boy orator, told what he knew
of politics and was accorded the hearty
appreclation of those present. Henry M.
Clement closed the meeting- and concluded
by proposing three cheers for the success
of the municipal and State tickets.
REPUBLICAN OUTLOOK
IN THE ENCINAL CITY
ALAMEDA, Nov. s.— The Republicans
of this city finished up the last week of
the campaign more confident than
of rolling up a rousing majority for the
nominees on the State, county and town
ship tickets. The only break in the ranks,
if one occurs, will be made by T. C. Stod
dard, Democratic candidate for County
Clerk. Btoddard is a resident of this city
and indications are that party lines are
not being drawn in his ease. His sup
porters claim he will carry the city by a
majority of at least 509. Frank C, Jor
dan's friends concede that the fight will
be a close one, but insist that their can
didate will pull through in the lead.
It i^ estimated that Oscar Rogers, for
Sheriff, will go out of Alameda with a
majority of between lEOO ami 1800. All the
other Republican candidates will have
majorities ranging from 500 to 1000.
There was a rally at Kncinal Hall this
evening under the auspices of the Ala
meda Republican Chili, the new Bay-
Btreet organization which has been an
noying the political calculators.
The Young Men's Republican Club held
an open meeting at Linderman Hall this
evening to perfect arrangements for the
grand final rally of the campaign to be
held Monday night at Armory Hall. The
demonstration promises to be a notable
one. Victor H. Mttcalf. candidate for
Congress, and Tirey L. Ford, nominee for
Attorney General, will be the principal
speakers.
The township fight has reached a point
bordering on the humorous. D. T. Hani,
who is running as an Independent candi
date for Justice of the Peace against H.
T. Morris, the regular Republican nom
inee, cantt out in a card to-nierht ex
plaining how it was that he had expe.
rionce.l an attack of sorehead after go
ins before the San I,eandro convention
and meeting with defeat. Briefly, he
■nate-; that some one fooled him. Ho
saya he was led to believe that he had
a majority of the delegates to the town
ship convention, when, as a matter of
fact he was a long way short of enough
vote's to nominate. He claims the alleged
deception whs practice) to put him out
of the race us an Independent. Morris'
friends are not taking Hard's candidacy
-eriou-V Morris' election is conceded
j by a majority of at least 1000.
Judge Louderback for Superior Judge
The people should elect Judge Loud
erback, because when he rilled judicial
office he did more to suppress vice and
crime and protect life and property
than any Judge who has ever occupied
the bench in this city; because he will
not be owned nor controlled by
poratipns, nor monopolies, nor politi
cians; because he will reform and pre
vent the system <>f jury pools and pro
fessional jurymen; because his energy
and ability will dispatch court busi
ness so as to afford speedy justice to
all pajrtles.
Martin Club Indorses.
The second meeting of the Martin Club
of the Third Precinct of the Thirty-fourth
My District was held in an enthu
manner last night at Progress Hall
at 89 Valencia street. Martin Fragi.-.
unanimously Indorsed for Superintendent
of Streets. Frank W. Hiirm-tt was heart
ily received by the members and will
receive the support or the Third Pre
cinct for State Senator. A brilliant B]
was mat!* 1 by V. i. Robinson for member
of the Ass. mbly, who received the in
dorsement pfl T. Shee
han for Tax Collector, R. S. Anderson for
Superintendent of Schools, I. J. Murphy
for I'isttrict Attorney. And Arthur At
tridge for Supervisor from the Eleventh
Ward will receive the support of the of
ganization.
Indorsed Patton.
The Half-Million N\.n-l\>rti?an Club
met last night at li" Tenth street, and,
alter v long debate, unanimously indorsed
Charles U Pattan for Mayor and the Re
guiilicu.ii nominees for Supervisors.
peechea were made by Julius Kahn. Wil
liam Deane. Dr. Hawkins, Dr. Perrault
and Thomas Rrophy. The meeting ad
journed with oheers'for tiio ticket.LORD CADOGAN
HAS AROUSED
ORANGEDOM
Words at Belfast the
Cause of Wrath.
"MORTAL SINS" IN A SPEECH
AFTER LAYING NEW TOWN
HALL FOUNDATION.
An Alleged Insult Resented on the
Spot "by the Orange
Leader, Soaring
Kane.
BY J. J. CLANCY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN, Oct. 22.— Orangedom Is in re
volt this week. The Lord Lieutenant,
Lord Cadogun, went down from Dublin
. a few days ago to lay me foundation of a
new town hall in Belfast, and a banquet
was organized in his honor in the Ulster
Hall. Belfast Is the heart of that por
tion of Ulster which calls itself loyal, and
its leading citizens thronged to meet Lord
* Cadogan. But they will hardly do so
again, for some time at least, for his Ex
cellency's speech in reply to the toast of
his health has mortally offended every
Orangeman. In this utterance Lord Cado
gan committed two mortal sins. He actu
ally rebuked the Orangemen to their
faces for their intolerance and for their
playful habit of tearing up the streets of
their beloved city and flinging the paving
Btones on the least provocation at the
houses and heads of the Cathollo minor
ity of the population. This was a bad j
blow enough, especially as it came from
' a supposed political sympathizer and j
friend; but it could be borne. What was j
really intolerable was his Excellency's
'declaration in favor of acceding to the j
Catholic demand for a Catholic univer
■ city. Here was a deadly insult to the
feelings of every Orangeman, and it was
accordingly resented on the spot by the
Orange leader, the Rev. Dr. Kane—popu
larly known as "Roaring Kane"— rising [
up and leaving the banquet hall in the j
, very middle of the viceregal speech. ,
Blnce then the Orange "bloods" in all I
parts of Ulster have been up in arms, j
thlrstinr for the blood, politically speak- j
ing of the present "Romish" Ministry, ,
which. It appears, only masquerades as a ,
"Unionist administration.
How long this state of feeling will con- |
tinue to exist in Ulster is doubtful; but <
Lord Cadogan's crime Is but the least of |
a series of similar offenses which have i
worked up the followers of William 111 !
into a condition of unusual exasperation.
They have been repeatedly "betrayed
Blnce the present Government— the Gov
ernment which they themselves helped to I
put into power— came into office three
years ago. The land act of 1596 "robbed
afresh the landlord section of the Or
ange party. The local government act of j
this year "robbed" the whole "loyal" mi
nority throughout Ireland of the monop
oly hitherto enjoyed in' local affairs. They
have been threatened with other "confis
cations" of a similar kind in other mat
ters Worse than all, a few vacant offices
have been conferred on Catholics and
one on a home ruler. What is the use
of being an Orangeman and a "loyalist ,
if this kind of thing is to go on under a j
Unionist Government? is the question]
which every "loyal" soul has been ask- i
Ing himself. Yet the Government does
not f-eem to mind very much. Not only
has Lord Cadogan e^ne to Belfast and j
-insulted" Orange feelings there In the i
manner I have described, but the Attor- |
nev-General for Ireland, Mr. Atkinson, |
hak within the last few days bearded the |
Orange lion in his den in North Derry,
boldly defending the whole policy of the
Government. The truth is that the Gov
ernment does not care if it loses every
Orange vote in the House of Commons.
It has a majority at present of 140, |
and 16 votes taken from that large num- |
ber would obviously not make much dlf- i
ference. Besides, Ministers know very
well that 'the Orangemen have nothing i
to do but support them. The alternative j
would be the dreadful one of voting for i
home rule. And so the poor "English gar
rison in Ireland" will continue to be sac
rificed, even by Its friends in Great Brit
ain, just as occasion demands.
Meanwhile the Government seems bent
on irritating the popular party In Ireland
aIPO, and undoing any good that may j
have been rendered to the cause of peace |
by the passing of the local government |
act. They are reviving the coercion re- ,
fime. It is all over the meetings of the ■,
'nited Irish League. This organization
which, like the Land League eighteen I
years ago, was started in the west, has ;
for its object the relief of the "conges- j
tion" which prevails there owing to so
large a part of the population living on ■
little patches of land which are too
small to afford the people who live on i
them-sufneient means of support. It pro- j
poses as a remedy that the grass lands j ;
which are adjacent to those small hold- |
Ings shall be purchased by the Stale
and parceled out among the people who j
have not land enough, and occasionally
It does not hesitate to hold meetings not '
only for its main purpose, but also to de- I
nounce "grabbers"— that is. men who take
evicted farms over the heads of the for- I
mer tenants. If the Government allowed i
it to have its way, Its progress in the :
present divided stste of the country j
mipht not be so rapid as its founders
would desire; but the Government is giv- .
ing it life and vigor by proclaiming its
meetings and dispersing them with police
batons and rifles. Last Sunday a meet- j
me was proclaimed at Ballinrobe, in the
county of Mayo, and a couple of hun- j
dred armed police were draited into that |
town to carry out the ukase. The peo- |
nle who congregated would not disperse, .
and then the batons were resorted to as
in the old days by the magistrates In
command. The great object was to pre
vent any one from outside getting into
the town, and fn the reckless and indis
. criminate effort made to attain that end
not only intending speakers were kept out,
but so. also, were newspaper reporters
who wanted to telegraph reports of the
affairs of the day to their respective
journals, telegraph messengers (Govern
ment employes themselves) carrying dis
patches and even doctors going on pro
fessional duties. To-morrow another
meeting is to be similarly dispersed in the
same county In a similar way, if an at
"v-\ ADVERTISEMENTS.
BREAKS UP
COLDS
That "hang on."
LINGERING COUGHS that hang on and may
end in Consumption are broken up by
"77." " -":■,■-■'.":
HARD STUBBORN COLDS that lead to La
Grippe an dissipatod by "Seventy-
seven."
TENACIOUS COLDS that run into Pneu-
monia are stopped by * i 77."
FREQUENT COLDS, that threaten Catarrh'
: are cured by 77." '
At druggists or sent prepaid; price, 25c and
Me large pocket flask, $1 00. ' Dr. Humphreys'
Manual at drußglsU or sent free. , ; 
Humphreys' Med. Co.. cor. William and John
•te ; New York. -, Be . lure to get . . .
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
THE EMPORIUM.
Theater Tickets.
The choicest reserved seats in the vari-
ous theaters now on sale in our new
Theater Ticket Office in rotunda, without
extra charge.
Revenue Stamps.
For the accommodation of our patrons we
will sell United States Internal Revenue
Stamps at the new theater ticket office, in
rotunda.
Maii Orders.
Our out-of-town orders for Holiday
Goods should be sent in as soon as possible
to insure prompt shipment and to get an
early selection before stocks are picked
over.
The Largest Fall Garments &*.
Assortment IT 233 M V9^Ba^BBM&MBS&. Ladies. . •
When you want a large assortment from which to choose you must come here.
By actual count we have 118 new styles of Jackets, from $5 to $60; 76 new styles
of Tailor Dresses, from $10 to $80; 121 new styles of Capes, from $3.75 to $75; 86
new styles of Cloth and Silk Waists, 98c to $35; 39 new styles of Skirts, $4.95 to $40
, Tan Kersey Capes — All wool, strap * AQ i-
**" "*\ , trimmed, inset velvet collar, a $7.50 value for : »p4.70
"gj%*\j*\ New Kersey and Covert Jackets— All wool, box
ejtcl>X\\ilffj and fly fronts, silk faced, new sleeves and col- *,_ ac
tfij^jgWgj^ lars, highly tailored and finished, $10 values for 4>/«4-b
f|f>ji§3 New kersey Jacket, like picture — In black, navy,
' 'I*' * ?V brown and tan, this and ten other styles of New Ker-
v^ip gey, Close-Curl Boucle and Covert Jackets, some silk .
y^tt\ lined, some silk faced, box or fly fronts, $14 *„■ Q _
/~*1&\ *&»^\ worth f0r..... " 4>7.7D
m W^P i I New Black Cloth 20-ln:h, Cape— Handsomely
ll J / braided, silk lined, edged with Marten fur, beautifully
}A°£[\ t J^'M I braided and corded in up-and-down effects: this and 20
/-^/*^r^**««^7 . other new Swagger -Capes, with and without * Q Q _
V J[[ i^iNL^ S' -N ruffle, any one a good $14 worth, f0r............ '"5
.^*— l^J I^N^. v^ Silk Skirts— Wide satin stripe, very handsome
"hi /D Jr%4&ss and new, a nice heavy quality, best make, a- ,«_";:.;-
''(l/I^T 5/ Jr/lt $ 15 worth f0r............ ............ $7.70
M jl^^/fe^yy New Tailor Dress— All-wool. Coverts, different
" m^T^ v shades, and Cheviots in black and navy, silk-lined
vM / ' Jackets, either single or double breasted, $20 * , -. >./\
/ worth for ...: .^.'Z... $J5.00
New Cheviot Serge Tailor Dress— Either tight or easy fitting, *\ Q _ c
new colorings, also black and navy, $25 worth f0r....... 4>17.75
New Black Silk Taffeta Waists— Tucked, hemstitched; also Fancy <tA ac
Striped Velvet Waists', $6.50 worth for $4.75
Extra Special Cape Sale — 50 New Plush Velour Capes, 20 inches long and full
sweep, handsomely braided, a good Thibet fur trimming all around bottom, down
front and on collar, fancy plaid lining, regular price $8, special sale price *•. Q _
to-morrow $4.70
A h uTuZ ng Dress Goods.
New textures, new colorings, new de-
signs make a brilliant showing in the
great Dress Goods section — only the
worthy sort of dress fabrics here. In
the plain-color goods no shade is missing —
no right shade— and all priced as only the
largest buyers in the world's market can
price goods.
AT 50c YARD— 4O-inch Novelty Suiting
in the most varied assortments of styles
ever shown in this city — compare these
with the 75c fabrics of former seasons.
AT 65c YARD— S2-inch Camel's Hair
Cheviot in the 'four new colorings for
street costumes — a rich, soft fabric, at an
exceptionally low price.
AT 75c YARD— 46-inch, two-tone Nov-
elty Suiting — a solid ground overlaced with
contrasting though harmonizing shades of
silk — the very newest color combinations.
AT $1.00 YARD— 46-inch Novelty Suit-
ing — ground work Ottoman weave in silk
with a spiral diagonal of black over-twiu-
ing — a very stylish fabric in four-color
effects.
AT $1.00 YARD— 44-inch Black Crepon
in eight new designs— the cloth is firmly
made and not liable to sag or pull — black
pure dye, and fast.
AT $1.25 YARD— 46-inch, two-toned
Prunella Cloth in 5 combinations— black
ground with interwoven color effects. It
is an excellent fabric for tailor garments.
AT $1.50 YARD -52-inch Satin Vene-
tian in 6 new shades. It is the very latest
weave for tailor suits — with rich, lustrous
sheen, and withal firm and enduring.
AT $J. 50 YARD-44-inch black, figured
Merceretta in 10 new designs — the style
ranks with the finest crepons, mohair —
both — either fabric is very stylish.
AT $1.75 YARD— S6-inch Kersey Suit-
ing—essentially a tailoring fabric — we
have it in all of the prevailing street
shades and blapk.
Table Damasks.
Bleached Table Damask, Irish Linen
closely woven, bright, glossy flax, 70
inches wide, very special — per _ r
yard '->C
Cream or Half-Bleached Table Damask
— a good wearer and effective in appear-
ance — patterns very durable— s9 .^.
inches wide — per yard 4UC
tempt is made to hold it. All this is |
what is called "maintaining law and or- ;
der." It is a first-class means of creat
ing disorder and grivlng Btrength to the :
Tnited Irish Lea^ie. If the league were
now itself proclaimed under the coercion j
act (which may be called into existence
by a notice in the Dublin Gazette), as an
illegal association, Lord Cadogan, the
Chief Secretary. and the Attorney General
would soon have their hands full of other
things than the reform of an antiquated
system of local government.
Talking of coercion, one is reminded this
week of some of the stirring scenes of
former days by the death of one of the
leading actors on the Government side at
that time, ex-Commissioner Byrne. Com
missioner Byrne was stationed in the
county of Galway. the scene of the hottest
battle of the last coercion period, and
ruled with almost autocratic pwav, but,
It must be added, without resorting to
some of the brutalities which marketf the
NEW TOWN HALL, BELFAST.
rejrime of others who then wielded simi
lar Dowers One of the most famous inci
dents in which he took part was connected
with the memorable meeting at Woodford
in support of the plan of campaign At
that meeting 3everal prominent English
man were present, including Mr. Wilfrid
Blunt with his wife Lady Anne Blunt,
and one or two English members of Par
liament The usual proclamation was is
sued from Dublin Castle, and police in
enormous numbers attended with Com
missioner Byrne at their head to enforce
it and did enforce it In the usual way.
When Mr. Blunt Insisted on his right, as
an Englishman, to speak he was dragged
forcibly off the platform, afterward pros
ecuted for "obstructing the police and
aent to lall as a common criminal ror
th?ee months But the meeting was held
for all that. After it had been dispersed
THE SAN CALX., SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 189^ .
THE EMPOEIUM.
UVo transaction is completed in this store until the customer is satisfied.
GOOD NEWS FOR SILK-BUYERS.
The Sale of French Silks for Street, Calling, Reception, Evening and Wedding Gowns con-
tinues for one week more.
These are the very richest productions of the leading French manufacturers — goods that have sold up to
$^.7^ the yard. So heavily had we overbought during the past two seasons that many thousands of dollars' worth
were placed on sale last Monday at prices which can never be duplicated. They are the most exquisite silks that
have ever been offered on special sale in this country. Assortments are still good — prices the same as last week.
$1.50 and $1.75 Silks for 95c. $3.00 and $3.50 Silks for $1.50.
$2.00 and $2.25 Silks for $1.25. $5.75 per yard Silks for $3.00.
About Blankets.
There are excellent Blankets besides
the all-wool sorts. Some housekeepers !
say that a cotton warp adds to a Blanket's
wearing quality. It ; surely is a help in
the washing. .We have, "of course, All-
Cotton Blankets tfrom 60c a pair, up), -
Cotton Warp Blankets, Wool-Filled
Blanket 3, All- Wool / Blankets— Here are ;
three superior values in Wool Blankets :
White Wool Blankets (just a-■ little
Cotton mixed in the warp to "* prevent
shrinkage long < fleece wool, well made,
sixe 64x78 inches— a durable, a- _-> •
warm bedding pair «p3»^LI
White Wool Blankets — finer wool and
larger size, being 72 inches wide — a
splendid wearer, with great *. 'U*y-
warmth— per pair »p4wU
Extra size White Blankets and quality
very superior — best California wool, in
every way high grade— 6>£ feet *- r(\
wide — per pair vp/.DU
fr*a» Flannels.
EIDERDOWN FLANNELS— good qual-
ity, 36 inches wide, in Black, Cream, Gar-
net, Nile, Lavender, Pink, Blue, etc., .-
— yard 4OC
TENNIS FLANNELS-Thekind that wears '
well — close weave, woven colors — a ! large
range of light and medium-dark colors — "
equal to any 10c quality in the trade _.
— yard /2C
Sheets and Cases.
Hemstitched Pillow Cases, nicely made,
ready for use, sizes 45x36 inches 4_ .
each M\Z
Hemstitched Sheets for double beds-
size 81x90 inches— good article / -
without dressing.— each... OUC
Bed Comforters.
Comforters— clean, white filling 'we do ' :
not keep common ones with dark filling),
full size, too, "* nice figured cover- __. •
ing— each 7DC
Fine Comforters, best silkoline cover-
ing, laminated sheet, cotton filling —
large range of \ colorings — ~ f _-.
each......... J.Dll
Extra size Comforters — for very large
beds, being 7x6 feet, high grade in
quality and finish — very special— V| Qn
each ■^\»7\J
it re-formed under the shade of night, but
amid the flare of thousands of torches, In
a spot where the police were not. and it
may well be imagined that the speeches
were not less wild because of the events
of the preceding day. I may add that Mr.
Wilfrid Blunt afterward appeared in the
law courts in Dublin as plaintiff in an ac
tion for libel in connection with his parti
cipation In the Woodford meeting, and did
so in prison dress, as he was then serving
out his term of imprisonment; and one of
the things which most annoyed the Gov
ernment at the time was the publication
of a snapshot photograph taken of the fa
mous Englishman during an interval of
the trial. It was feared that the picture
would scandalize people In England, and
It had that effect on many Englishmen.
Mr. 9t. John Broderick, who has ~een
appointed Under Secretary for Foreign
Affairs in room of Mr. Curzon, who has
been made Viceroy of India, is the son of
an Irish peer, Lord Middleton, but sits
in the House of Commons for an English
constituency. He is a widely different
person from his predecessor. He is com
paratively young, and looks younger, like
Mr. Curzon; but here the resemblance
ceases. Curzon, from the start, was a
brilliant debater, albeit he reminded one
of the debating society. Mr. Broderick
is and always Has been as dull as uitch
water. His appointment means that Lord
Salisbury intends for the future that his
Under Secretary shall not be almost a
rival to himself in importance and tnat
when any speech is to be made in the
House of Commons on foreign affairs it
shall be made by some Cabinet Minister
and not by an under Secretary. A much
more brilliant man is Mr. George Wynd
ham, Mr. Broderick's successor at vie
War Office. He, too, is a young man and
an excellent speaker of. the highly refined
THE EMPOEIUM.
MORE PRICE-CUTTING.
p\ $6- 66 SIX - URS $6^
/ pjPf- : - r SIXTY-SIX CENTS V
Aj^f MEN'S ALL-WOOL WINTER SUITS— many $10
>/X wiivV * mlta on 1 "* — cc "cutting: is ; in or d. Nearly 200 "
/ \l^-v2l pK, TOitB ' n a satisfying assortment '■ of 18 different kinds, all • ' : ?
J ( N \^<T \ Bizes rom Bto 4?> •in single-breasted round-cut sacks,
I :v^ >^ >>^fA^ " plain or fancy all-wool Cheviots and Tweeds, guaranteed -^
V V> 'Ja£\"■ to wear ' regular $10 values, , cut to $6.66; sale for one
V. ' XM\ "week only. ' It's the best opportunity . yet .offered you to ;;.;.
\^^*-^ol \ : X • dress economically and well, No disappointment */ />
$S> (bill here. See them!.... .^..:... ...... ...»:......:. $O.OO ;?
t — n Jf tI 7 Fine Overcoats— We handle only the* best makes.
' —^ in I I The fashionable half box as well as. form-fitting styles,
[ _J jl \ If in smooth beautiful Kerseys of various shades, imported
, in J I Covert Cloths and the new rough effects; prices $20,
Jfl y $25 and $30. Materials, linings, etc., the same as a
__^5^ I merchant tailor would ask you from $35 to $50 for. We
\^ I I will be pleased to show you them.
1 / / Mackintoshes — large table full of the best sorts
I / / fairly priced— $5.00, $7.50, $10.00, $12.50
I Ik and 515.00. ; _.
J 1 1\ Smoking Jackets — Fancy Vests — Holiday assort-
I ment now ready for your inspection. * v
I .1 Boys' Clothing— Fair — Styles :to suit the
, ;. I. boy. -Jaunty conceits that dress . the little man -in a
II manner to suit his liking— and they are made ' to wear,
I I .1 and outwear all boyish pranks. Priced to suit the
1 I I \ \\ boy's banker— '■■: '■:.[ '*-■
\ ' uJ^' All-Wool Long Pants Suits ........$5, $6 and $7.50
• •*=. \ / UjJ*^fcE» All-Wool Two-Piece Suits...... $2.45 and $2.95 -
. "=^ll^" ' All-Wool Heavy Knee Pants 50c, 75c and $1.00
.^^ ■'■ "■'.' All- Wool Middy Suits at .......V. $3.45 , ;.
• All-Wool Sailor Suits at-...............i...........52.95
Boys' Top Coats at $5.00
Your money back for the asking. Wrong made right in every instance.
Furnishings % Fastidious.
• Every proper sort of tie, every new style of half hose, every leading shape of
collar awaits you here. Come to see,. to learn the styles, to buy if you wish; but not
to be disappointed. ' You'll find the largest Men's Furnishing >TV
stock in town. You'll find the lowest prices for ; the best. /yi^\.
Men's Initial Handkerchiefs, pure linen, hemstitched ~- i ' //k$S 'Vv
neatly, put up in half-dozen boxes, exceptional value, each i Ay §' \% \\
Made in — Cottage Hand-Embroidered Initial /4/ $ ; i '',', \\.
Handkerchiefs, the cloth is a soft sheer cambric, <^i S^V I;' 4' \/ .
hemstitched and unlaundered, each....... ............... \J.-iC " / h % % \
Colored - Shirts, made • from : C\» /$ % '/
' e^rCSbi. ' imported shirtings, : madras and ?\§|t . J.^%- v^/\
'^&&X\. ■ percale, patterns ■ original and /x" « ••'/^ \ ; '<
rS^^^ well selected, the sizing, manu-/ #\^'y/ %/
szk - D®&s&f< facture and details per- ;* f m A: # "S/% L-- 1/
< v^^§^ bs§<§z^ feet, prices... $1.50 and $1.00 #. ' y\% /
Pajamas, luxurious for travel, N. _ - ]/
comfortable for home, we show >C'i<
/^^^^P*^^^W them in Madras, Oxford Domet
=SS wear— Band Bows, Cluba,\ \^^^^t^ lV^^^
jEnis sssaßwjfeffl Tecks, Four-in-Hands, Puffs
' — « =. !=s~s^ cepted shapes, all .tb'e*popu-:'v ;^V' f^x/% j£%\w
~— — -.^-——j * ' ;"*; "*' ■'•• _»" : lar "combinations in colorings. ; : v :^^^vV\V > . ■
.' r1"r 1 " 7 , ;; Our i line of [•■_ popular-priced ' •'-■ f&j'.^f ' tFIiI
V^a E^ goods is the most extensive .*> j^""^*r«..«^ K\
v 1 7 J in the West— ////H!/**- 4?
; 50c and :25c. . . 'Hm/'«^ffl
Bath Robes, the perfection of comfort, this season's \ll '■_ .._.^ [ill -
productions are far in advance ,of ; those shown hereto- ydL-~. \ If
fore, both in variety of materials and — cotton jfi/s&tSi*' ft' Jl ■
reversible, woolen eiderdown, ; Turkish terry, imported $;J§p)s®!*± s4ty/
and domestic blankets. Prices from .' .'.
$2.50 to $15.
CALIFORNIA'S LARGEST— AMERICA'S GRANDEST STORE.
and cultivated kind: but he will not have
much use tor his oratorical abilities in his
present post. It is hard to be eloquent
when one has merely to deal with the
details of army organization and a sol
dier's clothes and equipment. I may add
with regard to Mr. Broderick that he is
one of those who In the past figured as
one of the House of Commons champions
of the "loyal" minority in Ireland, and
in that capacity opposed every kind of re
form for that country, but who, alas!
have, one after another, been bought off
by places and salaries. Even some of
them who come from Ulster have oeen
not only completely silent while the
Orangemen have been "insulted" by the
reform measures of recent years, but have
actually voted for these measures. Ihelr
political consciences are certainly very
convenient. Lest it may be supposed tuat
I include Mr. T. W. Russell among them,
I may say I do not. As member for South
Tyrone in the Unionist interest he too
certainly represented the "loyalists" of
Ireland but especially it may be said that
he has always been in favor of everything
the Government to which he now belongs
has recently done or proposed, and he
has more than once within the present
year exhibited a remarkable independence
in reference to matters which remain to
be dealt with. But he is a decided excep
tion and a rare one.
TRANSFERS OF MINES.
Grass Valley Exploration Company
Acquires Valuable Properties.
GRASS VALLEY, Nov. 5.-The W. Y.
O D Gold and Silver Mining Compaq
to-day conveyed to the Grass Valley Ex
ploration Company the W. Y. O. IX, Gen
eral Grant. Dewey, Hobson, Telegraph,
Parr Sims and Nuttall mines. This now
corporation will operate these valuable
properties under the same management
that has heretofore so successfully work
ed the W. Y. O. D. mines.
Ohio Bank Failure.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The Controller
of the Currency has ordered the First
National Bank of Flushing, Ohio, to close
Its doors. Bank Examiner J. W. Delay
has been appointed temporary receiver.
Dry rot is said to have caused the fail-
Fifth Ohio Mustered Out.
CLEVELAND, Ohio, Nov. s.— The. Fifth
Volunteer Ohio Regiment was mustered
out of service and the men paid off here
to-day They received $108,000 in all. The
officers and many of the privates were
anxious to have the regiment remain in
the service.
Many Spaniards Dead.
MALAGA, Spain, Nov. s.— The Spanish
transport steamer Grand Antilla, which
sailed from Havana October 13 with
Spanish troops on board, has arrl\ed
here and reports there were 100 deaths
among the soldiers during the voyage.
Asthma, bronchitis, catarrh cure suaranfd. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium, 514 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F. C*l.
THE EMPORIUM.
TRAIN LADEN WITH
COPPER ORE DERAILED
Breaking of a Journal Causes a South-
em Pacific Wreck Near
Stockton.
STOCKTON, Nov. 5.-Through the
breaking of a journal train No. 110 was
wrecked about 5:15 this morning a half
mile north of the Calaveras River, four
miles from Stockton. The cars were la
den with copper ore en route from Kes
wick, in the northern part of the State,
to New York. The great weight of the
cars, added to the weight of the ore,
caused the cars to be badly smashed in
the wreck. Five cars were wrecked and
are so badly damaged that they will have
to be rebuilt.
The train was conning from Sacramento
when the accident occurred. The journal
broke and the wheels jumped the track,
running over the ties for a distance of
150 yards. For fifty yards the rails were
spread. One car is down the embank
ment, one end sunken in the earth, and
the other cars are piled up. There were
sixty cars in the train, but the breaking
of a coupling saved the rest of the train.
The wreck caused a delay of several
hours, and the passengers on the 9:22
train from Stockton were transferred at
the scene of the accident on to a special
down from Sacramento. A wrecking
train from Oakland is at work and will
have the track clear by 1:30. No one was
injured.
SAN CARLOS DAY OBSERVED.
Mass Said in the Quaint Old Mission
Near Monterey.
MONTEREY. Nov. s.— San Carlos day
was celebrated at old Carmel Mission,
about eight miles from this place, yester
day in an interesting and impressive man
ner. Solemn high mass was said at the
old altar that was consecrated over a
hundred years ago by Padre Junipero
Serra and his flevoted band of mission
priests The curious adobe building was
filled with a large crowd of people from
the surrounding country, including some
descendants of the Indians, for whose
benefit the mission was established.
San Carlos day is the only time during
the year that any kind of religious Ber
vice is held within the walls of the old
mission, and it is. therefore, a day of
importance to Monterey Catholics. Mass
was celebrated by Rev. Father R. M.
Mustres of Monterey, and the music was
supplied by the choir of San Carlos
Church of Monterey. _
After the service which followed the
mass a Mexican barbecue was held and
various Mexican and other athletic sports
enjoyed. _ _^
Express Companies His Victims.
TOLEDO, Ohio, Nov. s.— William Beck,
a Lake Shore employe, has been arrested
lor systematic stealing from express com- J
THE EMPOBITJM.
£Sr#«"?t Fur Garments.
Owing to the protracted spell of warm weather we have far more fur garments
in stock now, at. the beginning of November, than we , should \ have. In order to re-
duce thi3 stock to a nominal condition the incr -nparably low schedule of ; summer
prices will prevail during this month, which means a clear saving of 25 per cent on
any garment in one of the largest, handsomest and most exclusive stocks of furs in
America. Not a fur that is worn that we cannot supply— not a garment but what
is in new, up-to-date fashion.
Astrakhan and China ; Seal Combination Capes, "
• like picture, handsomely and substantially r lined, jrfi ff//&fe
nicely finished— WC^^^t^L
14 inches £4 *> r~/\ 16 inches £4 a An fESTiJSwF')
10ng... $12.50 10ng...... $J4.OU V
Extra Choice Baltic • Seal Capes, with heavy ":< : ; /j^r^€pr^
fancy silk lining — \* v ~/*J
16-inch <f 4r- f\r\ 18-inch <£ ■« "7 m >* V i^Tt^i^ •
length $15.00 length $ 1 7.5U #^|1»^
Extra Choice Baltic Seal and Astrakhan Com- ///J^^^^^M
, bination Capes, star yoke with tails all around— 'r/ *v */fivrS\v\
14-inch &-4Q f\r\ 16-inch *-%r\ r\f\ /Ml " Ikti iff IiYA
length $18.00 length $20.00 /M 4 WImT^V
, China Seal Collarettes, fancy silk lin- tf«£- f\r\ /4^ £ f-| j V 'Jv %Sk'..
ing, 2 heads and 4 tails in front, 0n1y...... 4^D»UU K^iff iZ $Lr % '^V*
Electric Seal and Mouflon Hair Com- &-*j en //[ \J&~**'
bination Collarettes, very pretty, and warm 4) /• O U illjti^^ = —^l^^^^
; French Ghinchilla Collarettes, gray, &>q p-/-\ 'v|f-^^==-*' «•'.-■
well made and lined, 0n1y..................... 4>0.0U
; Canadian Marten Collarettes, a beautiful, light brown, dressy, <£ -f r\ C\(\
durable fur, made up in the prevailing 5ty1e...... >\J* UU
, , The remodeling , of fur garments still at the same low summer rates, in con -
.'* sequence of the continued warm weather. • .
. Ladies' Wool Hose.
Children's .:. in r"O* " OSGa
High time to . change from the cotton
and lisle thread of summer — cheap way
to avoid bad colds is to buy warm hosiery
; of tried qualities at prices like these:
Ladies' extra-heavy seamless Wool Hose,
ribbed top, double heels , and toes, —c -
. black and natural — per pair.... /OC
Ladies' Black Cashmere Wool Hose, high-
spliced heels : and toes, . medium --
weight— per pair .:..„...........:...... OOC
j Ladies' Imported ■ Cashmere Wool Hose,
. heavy weight, . high-spliced heels, double
soles and toes, fast : black and natural
sanitary gray color, extra value— -«
per pair...:.... 1 . ........'....... vUC
; Also good assortment — in cut
• size and opera length, at 75c, a f _•
$1.00 and:......» v .... ............... 'P>^
' Children's 2x2 and lxl fine-ribbed, seam-
less ; . black : Cashmere Wool i.' Hose, -g.
' double heels and toes — per pair....... xDC
'■ . Misses' 2xl '• ribbed, fast-black Cashmere
Wool Hose, spliced knees and high-spliced
heels and — extra value at 3 tf>l n «
pairs for. ......... ............ 4>J.UU
Z™ Underwear.
-
-. Opportune selections ; from the largest
assortment :of ...
ladies' Knit Un- • "'- ? 3.- - :
; derwear carried ■ " r . r^ / * Vr > \ A^~\
by any - retail • <^w^^il-34u: \fe
store in Cali- V ~^(p^Ss&s
: fornia. Com- ////y
pare quality '; V 7 Ywi\ i Ai)
with those of ; - \^M Jn.l/r/ 1 '
the garments » Wn> yr/ b •}'.(/
'- that you' for- y^^s^CJr- 'i(
>• merly bought r, tsQ~^Ju. '• \
 at these prices. . js^S^+jS /
. Ladies'  Im- ; £=53^^'l!"Y
• ported : Swiss- sss*** \' /j
ribbed, n on- _. — r* vr\{ilr
/ shrinking Wool - '~^\ wl— ***
- Vests — colors . - '^-^^Z\jjJ
cream, ■ natural -— • 17" _. \j(
• black and * 1 Jin
: pink •'"'•-; ;»pV <i--^
-Ladies' Aus-
tralian Wool-mixed Vesta and — Jer-
sey fitting — colors natural and _ _
white— each.'....:....-... /DC
" Ladies' heavy fleece-lined Combination
— buttoned down in — ecru -'->
and natural— each.. .;...............— DUC
/ Ladies' 80 per cent wool Combination
— buttoned down in v — natural
and — extraordinary ; value * t --
■■- : at .:. ...........:.....:.....•... $*.ZD
panics. His house was stored full of sil
verware, clothing, silks and satins, and
he confessed that he had been stealing
for years from express companies. Goods
to the amount of $5000 were recovered.
Buried in Berlin.
BERLIN, Nov. 6.— The funeral services
over the remains of Julius Goldschmldt,
late United States Consul General here,
who died November 2. took place to-day.
Many American Consuls from various
places In Germany were present.
Jamaica's Governor Coming.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. s.— Sir Augustus
William L. Hemming. Governor General
of Jamaica, is a passenger on board the
Cunard liner Umbria, sailing from here
to-day for New York.
Wheel Works Burned.
CLEVELAND. Ohio, Nov. s.— The works
of the Standard Car Wheel Company were
destroyed by fire early to-day. Three
thousand car wheels were damaged, and
the total loss will foot up between $80,000
and $90,000, partly covered by insurance.
To Muster Out the Seventh.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. s.— November 12
has been set for the mustering out of the
Seventh Regiment California Volunteers.
The several companies not In Los An
ADVERTISEMENTS.
JJL2OO f pirns. J|l
i^^^^^ SMITH PREMIERS S^lPc^
- .]y ARE USED BY THE FOLLOWING:
San ; Francisco Public 5ch0015. . . . . ..... ........... . . . .;. .... ... 69 Smith Premiers
? Southern Pacific C0mpany .... .......... — 38 . '.' *- \"
Western Union Telegraph Company .'. 30 " "
Heald's Business C0nege....:...... .......................... 25 " "
San Francisco rCa11 ";....:......... .;...............;..; 20 " "
r Merrill-Miller C011ege........ ..........:.. ..;...5.::... ..10 " "
Emporium and Golden Rule 8azaar......................... 8 "
Smiths' Cash Store ..-..-"•"........................... 9 " "
Miller, .Sloss & Scott ................. .i. ■'.'....:.. ....;;.. :..; 8 "
' * ■';•' ; -■^Bb^^ ! 217 Smith Premiers
......NEW ART CATALOGUE FREE
L. & M. ALEXANDER & CO., Paclflc Co Kent*
110 Montgomery Street, San Francisco.
BRANCH STOKES i\ : LOB ANGELES PORTLAND BEATTLm
THE EMPORIUM.
&*. Oxford ßibles.
Just received, a large supply of Gen-
uine Teachers' Oxford :;■ Bibles— size 5x7% ,
inches — good, clean print — Egyptian Seal— .
divinity circuit— round corners — red under
gilt edges— with ; 17 full-plate illustra-
v tions — our price for this . handsome ac
8ib1e.?.:.-:.:.: .:.... ......... :........:.... 95c
- . Postage - ijc Extra.
V The above Bible with more extensive
"Helps" and 124 full-page . illus- * f oft
trations ...... ......... ................. $ >iKy
Postage 20c Extra.
Episcopal Prayer Books ; and - Hymnals—
Catholic Prayer Books— Devotional Books
of all kinds at lowest prices.
Groceries —Liquors
Half a doqtn specials Jor Mon-
day and Tuesday only — send or
j ask for our 36-page Grocery Cata-
I logue, which gives the lowest re-
tail prices for all kinds of Pure-
food products, and by its conve-
nient arrangement greatly assist
in preparing your daily orders.
\ Grocery telephone — South $g.
Emporium Savon Soap (wrappdi Monday
and Tuesday — 33 1-lb bars for... Ann
$J.UU
Fancy Loose Shredded Gocoanut — -
' Monday and Tuesday per pound \OC
Ghirardelli's Ground Chocolate ~_
J Monday and Tuesday 1-lb tins ZDC
Sun-cured Japan Tea — a favorite with
onr trade — regularly 54c lb — for 2 - .
I days 44C
Brown's Celery Phosphate —
I 35c pint bottles for 29c
! 65c quart bottles for 57c
$1 25 half gallons for $1 10
French Vermouth — bottle that is _^
regularly 65c — special 2 days DOC
A good Table Claret — Monday and -_
Tuesday special per gallon ZDC
Bourbon Whiskey, "the well-liked Ken-
tucky Belle" — regularly 75c bottle —
special Monday and Tu«;day OUC
Christmas
Delineator
Is now on sale — Ladies who have not ob-
served the recent marked improvements
in this Magazine should call at the But-
terick Pattern Department and examine
the December issue — Price, as usual, 15c
per copy, by subscription $1 yearly.
Butterick Patterns
For December are also on sale, the output
including novelties and general styles
particularly in demand at this season.
Ladies do not need to be told the merits
of these popular patterns. The name
"Butterick" stamps them as superior to
all other makes. That the recent re-
duction in prices has been received with
favor is detected by the constantly in-
creasing demand.
Purchasers of Delineators obtain a
coupon entitling them to certain patterns
at one-half regular retail price.
Butterick Patern Department-
Main Floor, Back of Rotunda.
geles will be brought here on that day.
The ; work will require fully a week. v .
«
THIS JUDGE WILL WIN
VALENTINE'S GOOD WILL
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— ln a test case
brought by the Merchants' Association
to determine whether express companies
or shippers should bear the burden of the
war stamp tax. Judge Lacombe to-day
ruled in favor of the express companies
in the United States Circuit Court. He
explained, however, that he gave an oral
opinion simply to save time, realizing: the
extreme importance of getting a decision
by the United States Supreme Court at
the earliest possible moment and under
standing that the circumstances made an
opinion in his court worth nothing.
Illinois Beet Sugar Company.
PEORIA, HI.. Nov. s.— The Illinois
Sugar Refining Company, which has Just
been incorporated at Springfield, is a
new beet-sugar company, the first organ
ized in the Central States. Most of the
capital is furnished by the wholesale
grocers of this city, who expect to han
dle the product of the factory. The ca
pacity of the plant at the start will bo
350 tons of beets daily, but the works will
be rebuilt so that this capacity can be
doubled.
56
SUNDAY. v. :-.•: . . .. ;V. :..:.. NOVEMBER 6, 1898 j
: JOHN ?D. SPRECKELS, . I
Address All Communications ) to S- M-EAKE^JWanager^^ i
PUBLICATION OFFICE -UJ. Market and Third Sts.. S. P.
. ' - Telephone Main; 15631v-r :.,\
EDITORIAL ROOMS -217 to 221 Steve Street
. Telephone Main 1574. -- ■ ; ( r v"
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is j
served by carriers In tb Is city and surroundiQfl 'towns,
for 15 cents a week- By $6 per year: per montb j
65 cents. . -':'." '.'V'. * '*'■ '•" ■ -'■■■.«••:!'
THE WEEKLY CALL.. ....One year, by mat!. $1.50 .
OAKLAND OFFICE ~..........~... .;...... ° 8 Broadwoy
NEW YORK OFFICE ...Room 138/ World Building
..-/ DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. j.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE R146« Hone*
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent. |
CHICAGO OFFICE ..'..'...'.;.. ..;....-...Msrqn»tte Butldlnft
C.GEORGE KROGNEBS.. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Cloy,
open until 9:30 o'clock. 387 Hayes street, oo D «r> until
930 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30 |
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock- j
m\ Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market j
•trcet. corner, Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513 ;
mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street* open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-MC<ma ,<«»•
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock- ■ ■■■■. ■-■^^■-
/■MUSEM2NTS.
Baldwin— "A Doll's House."
California— "Klnnisran's Ball." . "
Columbia— "Sowing the Wind." / ■• .1
Columbia— Lecture by William Armstrong. Wednesday
evening.
Alcarar— "Ambition." \
Morosco'e — "The Indian."
Ti.voli— "Grar.d Duchess." a
Comedy Theater— "The Croat of Society
ori>heum— Vaudeville. *■ : ~'. : - _._,'
Native Sons' Hall-Benefit to Mr. Frank Mathleu. Wednes-
flay evening. _ . ...
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets-Specialties. .
The Chutes-Lillian F. Smith. Vaudeville and the 400.
Sutro's Baths — Swimming.
Ingleslde Coursing Coursing.
Glen l*ark— Mission Zoo.
Oakland Itace /i'rack— Races To-morrow. v
Rosenthal— Coming In December. ," .
A SCURRILOUS ROORBACK-
A SHORT time ago The Call warned the pub
lic in a general way against scurrilous stories
that rxt always to be looked for from politi
cal shysters "rti the closing days of the campaign.
To-daj we have to direct attention to a specific case
of such scurrility and denounce the falseness of a cir
cular now being scattered about the city in which
some anonymous libeler assails the character of Wil
liam A. Deane, Republican nominee for the office of
County Clerk.
The author of the circular has shown more malice
than cunning in his efforts. The voters of the city
know Mr. Deane and they also know the worthless
ness and conteniptibitity of anonymous campaign
slanders. With all intelligent and fair-minded men
the circular will help rather than injure the candidacy
of Mr. Deane, for they will have a natural desire to
vindicate an honest official from the attacks of an
enemy who lias not the courage to fight in the open,
but resorts to the cowardly tactics of publishing and
circulating what he dares not sign.
Mr. Deane ha? been in the public service as a dep
uty in the office of County Clerk for a long time. He
is known to be thoroughly acquainted with the duties
of the position. His ability, his honesty, his fidelity
to every trust and his uniform courtesy in attending
to the wants of the people who have business with the
office are well known. No man in the city is better
fitted to take charge of the office, and none could
perform its duties more efficiently or with greater
economy and usefulness to the community.
Once more we warn the public against all such j
stories as this which may be issued between now and j
the closing of the polls on election day. The anony
moos slanderer it seems we must always have with us,
but there i.« no reason why his falsehoods should in- ,
jure any honest man or affect the vote of an intelli
gent citizen.
SENATOR WHITE'S FORGETFULNESS.
SENATOR WHITE, speaking at Grass Valley,
urged the re-election of Marion de Vries to
Congress on the ground that he is an honest
man, ami that, having had experience in Congres
sional service, he is now a more useful Representative
to bis constituents and to his State than a new man
could be, however earnestly the new man might en
ter upon the performance of his duties.
From this declaration of his opinion concerning
the value of experience to a member of Congress it
is clear the Senator was very forgetful when in mak
ing his addresses at San Jose and in this city he neg
lected to urge the re-election of Mr. Loud from the
Fifth District. The Senator's argument applies to the
case of Mr. Loud with even greater force than to
that of De Vries. for the present Representative from
the Fifth has had a far longer service in the House
and has attained there a greater degree of prestige
an<! influence.
That the Senator's argument is in the main correct
is beyond disputing. Other things equal, a Repre
sentative of experience at Washington is of far more
value than one who is new to Congress and has
everything to learn. The people of the Second Dis
trict can with good reason object to the re-election
of a free trade, free silver opponent of the admin
istration, but no such valid grounds exist for defeat
ing the sound money, protectionist and stanch sup
porter of the administration from the Fifth.
Mr. Loud is now one of the most influential mem
bers of the House of Representatives. lie holds the
high position of chairman of the Committee on Post
offices and Po«t Roads, and in that office has ren
dered important services to the nation and to his con
stituents. By the single act of extending free de
livery to the rural districts in Santa Clara County he
has conferred great benefits on his constituents, and
when under his direction the system is further ex
tended the whole country will be the gainer.
Clearly it was a sad case of fnrgctfulness on the
part of Senator White when he omitted to urge the
people of the Fifth to re-elect Mr. Loud.
Banker Marsh, who stole a Pennsylvania bank
blind, has surrendered after dodging the police for
seven years. Not only had he grown tired of exile,
but he had the assurance that the worst punishment
awaiting hiro was a possible dyspepsia from an over
dose of fatted calf.
Chinese troops are to be armed with bows and
arrows. There is a belief that wi(h these weapons
they will not be likely to injure themselves r and they
are never, in any case, expected to injure anybody
else.
Professor Wiggins sends out a demonstration that
he has succeeded in squaring the circle. If he thinks
he has, his cup of joy must be full already, and there
is no use in contributing to its overflow by accepting
his view
MAGUIRE AS THE ONLY ISSUE.
IN his speech at Oakland Governor Biuid said that
"Maguire is the only issue of the campaign." We
have believed as much ever since the campaign
began.
When a principle is in issue it is subject to ex
amination in all of its lights. Its origin, its purpose,
its effect if approved at the polls, are all in debate.
The Governor is right. Maguire is the issue and
Maguireism is fairly subject to the same examination
and analysis as a principle. We have persisted in
that examination. We have taken Maguire's record
and his copious expressions as the index and text by
-Which to analyze him and forecast the effects of his
success.
As a party man we have shown him a persistent
bolter when he was not a candidate for office or put
ting himself in position to get a party nomination.
We have shown him to be a most successful salary
drawer and job-chaser. His letter forever withdraw
ing and" permanently bolting from the Democratic
party in 1887 has been published. His declared pur
pose to support Henry George for the Presidency in
1888 and his organization of the land and labor party
to that end have been made public. His speech in
favor of the anarchists, whose purpose is the destruc
tion of all government and law, and whose platform
is: "Do what you wish; everything is everybody's,"
has been neither explained nor denied by him, but has
heen defended by his supporters.
His declaration of his purpose "to destroy all vested
rights', titles and ownership in land," and his refusal
to deny that he will use his power as Governor to
carry it out, have been before the people and no de
nial has been heard.
We hare treated him as the issue, and as such have
judged him by his own declarations. In such judg
ment he stands for those who intend to destroy gov
ernment by the murder of its representatives, and for
the destruction in California of $86r,000.000 of prop
erty in land and the securities which rest on vested
rights and titles to real estate. The refusal of Ma
guire and his supporters to deny these things and
their indorsement of them present the issue in sharp
definition.
Our duty has been done. We have presented no
evidence that is not furnished by Maguire himself,
and have drawn therefrom no conclusion that is not
justifiable. The examination has been judicial in its
temper, and the conclusions reached stand as undis
puted as the judgment of a court.
As a principle is, so it must be judged. As a man
thinketh, so he is. When a man is in issue no other
course than the one we have taken is possible.
Judged in this way, Maguire stands for anarchy, for
lane! confiscation, for the destruction of property, for
party bolting, for unsound money, for war upon
the national administration, for a reaction that will
paralyze business, hinder industrial development, in
jr.re the employer of labor and bring the wage-earner
to want. The conclusions are all fair, judicial, just.
They are admitted by Maguire and his supporters.
We insist then, that a man who stands as an issue
at war with property, and does battle against all the
result? of man's industry and all the time seasoned in
stitutions of government and society, is not a fit man
to be elected Governor of California. He is attempt
ing to found a party and a public policy upon the
diseases and failures of society. We insist that par
tie.- and policies must be founded upon the social
health and success, and that the proper American
spirit is the impulse of optimism, of hope in the future
*nd trust in our people and our institutions. We
frel satisfied that the people of California agree with
us. and that their agreement will be expressed in the
rejection of Maguire.
MORE WELLS-FARGO TRICKERY.
THAT the Wells-Fargo Express Company has
no intention of paying its share of the war tax
has from the first been evident. Had it desired
to abide by the law instead of to sneak out of its
just responsibilities there would have been no occa
sion for a test case, for the law needed no judicial
interpretation. It was perfectly plain, to the com
pany painfully plain.
The Wells-Fargo people, under the instructions of
President Valentine, began to wheedle and bulldoze
their patrons, forcing or fooling them into assuming
the obligations of a great company which did not
wish, for the mere sake of paying its debts and per
forming a patriotic duty, to have its dividend pro
ducing powers impaired.
One day, much later than it should have been, this
arrogant corporation was sued by William Costley
because it had refused to transmit a parcel for him
after he had offered to pay the regular rate. The
contention was that in addition to this regular rate
Mr. Costley should pay the war tax Congress had
said should be paid by the corporation.
Costley was victorious in the Justice Court and
in the Superior Court, to which appeal was taken.
The dual exposition of the law would have swept
! aside any defense the company could have had, ex
cept that there was nothing to sweep away; it had
no defense. Yet Valentine would not permit his
men to obey the statute. He made some cunning
little rules of his own, quoted Scripture to bolster
j them up, and constituted them a guide for the prompt
I and polite annulment of Congressional legislation.
' Caught and convicted in breaking the law, he con
' tinned ns brazenly as ever to break it.
Now that two other patrons have come forward
with demands for damages, the grounds being similar
! to those which Costley had rested his action upon,
that the corporation had no intention of being honest
and decent is emphasized. It knew these causes if
taken to trial in the same tribunal which had put a
decision on record could have only one result, and
that disastrous to itself. So it sought another
tribunal. Here is opportunity for more delays, more
technicality.
There can be no merit to the Wells-Fargo con
; tention. There can be no excuse for the swinish way
'■ in which this corporation has acted. It deserves
! nothing of the people who have so generously sup
i ported it heretofore. Fortunately the mails are open
! to a large part of the traffic in small packages which
! has heretofore gone to Wells-Fargo. The mails are
safe, cheap and conveniennt. If citizens take their
wares to the Postoffice and shun the Valentine con
'< cern, with its avarice and its sham, they can give it
a lesson not to be given in any other way. It has
no conscience to appeal to, but its strong-box is
I sensitive.
After litigation lasting fourteen years a will dis
posing of a Stockton estate once worth $75,000 has
been sustained. The reason the litigation ends just
now is that the estate has been exhausted in paying
legal fees. We congratulate and condole with the
fraternity.
Applications for discharge from the army must
await the signing of a treaty of peace. Evidently the
War Department still wants a few soldiers within
bugle-call.
Aguinalrfo's $25,900 head seems to rest as uneasily
as though it wore f. crown.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
c CITIZEN'S DUTY TO HIS TOWN-
AS a citizen is indebted to his city for streets,
lights, parks, schools, police and fire protec
tion — ta short, for almost all of those public
works and institutions that render his condition su
perior to that of dwellers in the wilderness — a duty
to the municipality as well as a proper regard for his
own welfare imposes upon him the responsibility of
seeing to it that as far as lies in his power the in
terests of the city shall be at all times rightly con
served and guarded.
No man can be accounted a good citizen who does
not encourage home industry, assist in the employ
ment of local labor, help in the support of all lines
of productive energy, and aid in making the com
munity a thriving and prosperous one for aH classes
of workers. It is also his duty to unite with others
for the purpose of maintaining an economical ad
ministration of municipal business in order that the
community may have the benefits of the best results
at the smallest possible cost.
All of these duties are involved in what is known
as municipal politics. The development of local in
dustry as well as the improvement of streets and the
maintenance of schools is largely dependent upon the
right management of the public affairs of the city.
Where the administration is just and honest and effi
cient, capital becomes enterprising and labor finds
employment at good wages. Where there is dis
honesty, incompetency and a Waste of., money there is
a loss imposed upon almost every line .of business,
and industry feels the injury, though the cause of it
may not be readily perceived.
The citizens of San Francisco are called upon to
consider these duties in the light of the election that
is now approaching. On the one side is a candidate
for Mayor asking re-election not upon his record,
but upon a promise to do better next time. He is
virtually responsible for the majority of the Board of
Supervisors, and that majority is discredited and dis
reputable. He is responsible for the majority of the
School Board, and the board is involved in scan
dals. His carelessness caused a heavy loss in the
city treasury by defalcation, and in no part of his
administration is there to be found anything in the
way of compensation.
Knowing that his record would not receive the in
dorsement even of his own party, the Mayor obtained
a renomination by a trick whose grossness was
greater than its cunning, and is now seeking to win
a re-election bj' methods which can be most accu
rately characterized in mild language as "false pre
tenses." Here is a self-asserting ambition, as reck
less of the welfare of the city as it was of the money
in the treasury, and as unscrupulous in the campaign
as it was in the Committee of One Hundred. Clearly
it is the duty of a citizen to defeat this kind of
domination.
Civic patriotism and all involved in the, phrase and
the sentiment demand at this time the elimination of
Phelanism from our politics by the elimination of
Phelan himself and the election of a Mayor who will
be neither deficient in performing his duties nor
domineering in pushing his own ambitions. It is a
duty owed to the city for every citizen to work and
to vtfte for Charles L. Patton.
BARRY'S SINGLE TAX THEORY.
JAMES H. BARRY, anarchist candidate for
Congress in the Fourth District, is to be con
gratulated upon the fact that his single tax
theories have received judicial recognition. On Fri
day a suit was tried before Justice of the Peace Barry
— who is in no way related to the anarchist, though
bearing the same name — in which the cause of action
was a demand for $53 due the city in delinquent
taxes. Special Counsel Willet, who brought the suit,
claims $200, but the difference between that amount
and $53 represents the costs, penalties and interest
owing by Barry under the tax laws.
We say that Mr. Barry is to be congratulated on
the fact that his taxation theories have received
judicial recognition. It is well known that he is an
enthusiastic single taxer. Even Judge Maguire, who
is a prince in the line, can scarcely compare with
Barry in practical mastery of the system invented by
the late Plenry George. Maguire pays his taxes occa
sionally—at all events, he pays them whenever the
Assessor and Tax Collector are sufficiently fortunate
to get him in a corner. But Candidate Barry openly
repudiates his obligations to the Government. Even
when sued for his taxes he resists, j
Barry's idea of single taxation, therefore, consists
in downright refusal to pay any taxes. Free speech
among the anarchists means the right to throw
bombs into public meetings, or, which is the same
thing in principle, the right to rotten-egg orators
whose ideas are offensive. Barry's theories of single
taxation are equally logical. He thinks other people
should support the government. It is quite plain that
we are placing a fair construction upon his theory,
fdr if he were willing to contribute anything toward
the support of the government he would pay his
taxes before the city was compelled to sue him.
Barry's idea of single taxation is destined to be
come extremely popular among the nihilists of the
Fourth Congressional District. None of them relish
p;.ying taxes, and any system which will compel
somebody else to pay them cannot fail to boom. The
only people among them likely to oppose
Barry's theory are those who, being the unfortu
nate: owners of real estate, cannot escape the de
mands of the city by hiring lawyers to fight it in
court. These may vote against him. But all who
want somebody else to support the government are
bound to rally around Barry,
So we say the anarchist candidate for Congress is
to be congratulated on the outlook. Not only have
the proceedings in the Justices' Court made his
single tax theories conspicuous, but they will bring
to his support all the other single taxers in the town.
Death and taxes are said to be certain. This is true
ynder Barry's system. Taxes are certain never to
be paid.
The man who attempts suicide and writes his im
pressions as he feels himself floating toward the bor
der must have a pang of weariness when he finds
somebody has snatched him back and he has the task
of reading tne fool stuff he scribbled as a farewell to
a world of woe. Perusal of it ought to induce him to
really get off the earth and omit the formality of a
good by.
The Kaiser is said to be angry because his pilgrim
age to Jerusalem did not cause a wave of excitement
to sweep around the globe. His royal hankering to
be the whole thing passe? reason. We mentioned the
fnct that he werrf, and really there was nothing more
to say.
Any person throwing banana peel on the sidewalk
deserves to be indicted for attempt to murder, and in
case a victim falls into the trap the charge ought to
be raised to manslaughter.
The public has had too much experience with gold
bricks to be particularly disturbed by anonymous cir
culars sent out by Democratic bunko men.
JUST BEFORE THE BATTLE
NUMBER FIFTEEN AND LAST.
Editor Call: The plain citizen must on Tuesday register h!a convictions
by marking his ballot. The character of his vote will determine the election.
The plain citizen can chew this cud of comfort that he decides the result.
The noisy workers who have owned the town for weeks will take a back seat.
The banners will come down. The perambulating signs will rest In some
back yard. The ingenuous kid will burn his election cards. The dead walls
will be restored to their legitimate use of setting forth the best brand of
baking powder and the thrilling rescues nightly enacted within the classic
precincts of Morosco's.
BUT THE VOTE OF THE PLAIN CITIZEN
Will do its work. It depends on you and me as to who will be the next
Mayor of San Francisco. For that reason you and I should consider well ana
closely the issues of the campaign.
The great issue with us is the Mayor's fight. Mr. Phelan cornea before us
and on his banner is a strange device. His friends are loud in their dec
larations that the device reads "Excelsior." The plain citizen, like you and
me, has been spelling it out painfully, and as far as we can decipher the
crabbed Chinese characters it reads "Phelan."
Mr. Phelan has been making a unique campaign. For years our papers
have been dinning into the ears of the people the evil doings of the "boss.
Night, noon and morning their cry has been "boss." Everything dishonest,
corrupt and disgraceful has been summed up in that word, and it has become
like the name of the Saracen Sultan, by which Christian babies were fright
ened to sleep.
MR. PHELAN CAME BEFORE THE PEOPLE
As the avowed opponent of boss rule. He proposed to save the city from
these direful and wicked monsters. He asked the citizens to support him.
When a freeman appeals to freeman to fight with him In a righteous cause
they come each with the arms which are a freeman's defense in their free
hands. When Mr. Phelan summoned the citizens of San Francisco to his
banner he summoned them with fetters on their limbs, to lay their chained
hands each on the other's shoulder and to step to his bidding to the tune of
the rogue's march.
Mr. Phelan's cry has been, give me men who will dc all that I ask and
I will give you good government-
SURRENDER EVERYTHING TO ME,
Tour political privileges, your right to nominate, your right to think, your
right to reject, and I will drive out the bosses. He offers us not even the
serpent's boon of the knowledge of good and evil but he forces to our lips
the Circe's cup that changes us to brutish beasts and creeping things.
The plain citizen loves no boss, yet he believes that the many lesser
bosses are not so dangerous as the big boss that can control them all. Thia
was the first warning note, and this the events have justified- Mr. Phe
lan has loudly denounced boasism. He would have none of it in his own
party when it interfered with his own right to ride his own party to a. fall.
But as the campaign progresses his sentiments underwent a change. W hen
the bosses were in Phelan's way, the bosses were kicked aside; when the
bosses "were needed to elect Phelan, this new edition of the prodigal son
slunk around the back yard of his father's house to lay
VIOLENT HANDS ON THE FATTED CALF.
Mr. Fay, who is Mr. Phelan's young man, boasted: We have the money.
We can buy Buckley and Rainey and the rest of them. We will elecrPhe
lan If it costs millions. Judging by the way banners are flying and bon
fires are roaring and election cards are dancing and heelers are heeling and
orators are orating and papers are writing the plain citizen can well believe
that it is costing millions. Every venal paper in the city is standing like
a clown in the circus, with one leg green and the other leg yeliow. For the
candidate who has no money they have not a word tq say. For the candi
date who has money, that is, for James D. Phelan, every pencil-chewing,
nail-biting hireling is writing for dear life and his expenses. James D. Phe
lan entered on the campaign with the expressed determination to spend
only the $240 allow by law. Whoe\er has forced him to sling naughts
recklessly after this $240 ought to be honored by the political workers as a
public benefactor.
WHEN MR. FAT, WHO IS MR. PHBLAN'S
Young man, made his boast no one thought that Mr. Phelan would be so
reckless as to conduct his negotiations in the open day. But with some
strange fatuity Mr. Phelan is driven to the housetops to perform these
operations that should be confined to the cellar. He tried to buy the bosses
in the open market. From the result the plain citizen is more than ever
convinced of the utility of having a number of small bosses. The meeting
brpke up. in disorder; but the phalanx had been broken. Major Harney
has opened headquarters where his followers congregate to "whoop her up"
for Phelan, and the major's military mustache has ever since that eventful
night been in a state of chronic demoralization from the salty tears of re
conciliation shed by James D. Phelan as he fell on his erstwhile enemy's
neck.
In Sacramento Phelan had roasted Harney's followers as thugs and
thteves because Harney opposed Phelan's delegation. In San Francisco
Phelan has promised Harney one-third of the patronage for these same
thugs and thieves, because their votes may help Phelan's election.
The plain citizen can see in every act of Mr. Phelan one red thread.
It runs through all. It is never absent. Mr. Phelan is consistency itself.
He Is supremely true to Mr. Phelan. Every trick of the trade Is turned
to his advantage. Every petty device to increase his glory has been tried,
and not in vain. When this city is Phelan. when this Btate is Phelan,
then, and not till then, shall Phelan be satisfied. For this he has come
before the people, before the plain people, you and me, and has raised the
taking cry of low taxes and public improvements. We have found that his
cry of low taxes means low taxes on the Phelan estate; we have found that
his improvements are to be paid for by you and by me. He has used the
veto power not for the good of the plain citizen, but for the good of himself.
For every public work performed during the last two years he has claimed
the credit. He has claimed the credit for putting
THE TWO-DOLLAR WAGE
In the charter when every member of the charter committee knows that the
records show that he was opposed to it. Thirty-five cents a day, says Mr.
James D. Phelan. is sufficient for the workman to support his family on —
35 cencs sufficient, says Mr. James D. Phelan, with his mansion In the Mis
sion and his villa at Santa Cruz and his apartments at the club and his
other establishments with their Japanese armor and their flower covered
porch and their artistic bric-a-brac.
It is time for the plain people, for you and for me, to rebuke hypocrisy.
We see no advantage in having a king. We distrust a king who strives to
come to his kingdom by untruth. Mr. James D. Phelan has not been frank
with the people. He has striven to lead them astray by false cries. Arm and
arm with the bloated boss he minces down Market street, and his falsetto is
ringing in the eaves of the houses, "Down with the boss." The plain people
are afraid of him. They do not trust his honesty. When he cries, Look at
my record, they ask. What have you done? When he says, "Have I not
made a good Mayor?" they reply, "Could you have been much worse? In
our system the official's power for harm is small. Yet you succeeded in al
lowing the Treasurer to steal $116,000, of which $16 000 has not- been recov
ered. You have neglected your official business by not attending meetings
You have denied justice to the poor by not vetoing the Jobs by which they
were robbed of their property. All this and much more the plain people
have against you, and it is by the plain people this election is to be de
cided."
For the plain citizen the American system is good enough. You and I
want no bosses. We could not live under a man who owned the Supervisors,
who owned the judiciary, who owned the officials. This city would not be
big enough for his plug hat and free men. It will be the duty of the plain
citizen to sit on the plug hat and to reduce its dimensions so that you and I
may have room to walk about in the free sunshine in this city which plain
citizens built, which plain citizens support and whtrh ni»«n oitwona av>oii
rule.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Dr. William E. Keith of San Jose is at
the Grand.
H. A. Preston, a Jamestown mining
man, is at the Lick.
James MacLachlan, a prominent Pasa
dena politician, is at the Palace.
William J. L.eet, a prominent Insurance
man of San Jose, Is at the Baldwin.
John J. Boyce, the well-known Santa
Barbara politician, is at the Palace.
J. B. Montgomery, a well-known Port
land capitalist, is at the Occidental.
L. Hartman, a well-known merchant
of Washington, D. C, Is at the California.
F. W. I^eadbetter, an extensive paper
dealer of Portland, is a guest at the Pal
ace.
Messrs. W. A. and A. L. Hobson, promi
nent Ventura merchants, are at the
Grand.
Pauline Hall, the well-known actress,
child and two maids, are registered at the
Palace.
D. A. Honig, the well-known horseman,
accompanied by his family, is at the
Baldwin.
L. G. Nesmlth, cashier of the First Na
tional Bank at San Jose, is registered at
the California.
Dr A. E. Osborne. in charge of th&
Home for the Feeble Minded at Eldridge.
la at the Grand,.
S. N. Androus of Pomona, president of
the Pacific Coast Jockey Club, is stop
ping at the Grand.
Lafe Pence, one of Colorado's greatest
Democratic orators, is registered at the
California from Denver.
Whaling Captains T. H. Jenkins of
Vancouver, B. C and D. T. Duval of New
Bedford, are nt the Russ.
H. Volekmar, a German army officer of
Leipslc, now at the Baldwin, leaves here
on the Rio Janeiro on the 10th.
Nate H. Anspach and bride are regis
tered at the Palace from Cleveland, Ohio,
where Mr. Anspach is private secretary
to Captain G. J. Grammer, general traffic
manager of the Lake Shore Railroad.
They will return East in a few days via
Portland and the Short Line.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. s.— Mrs. Frank
Nembaud of Los Angeles is at the Im
perial. Mrs. William J. Younger of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman.
NATURE'S SCAVENGERS.
Nature, not being a European power,
keeps her forces in readiness where they
A PLAIN CITIZEN.
are needed, in consequence :of which the
scavengers muster .- in - strength in hot
countries. ; Vultures wander but j rarely to
these parts and such sharks as occur are,
with few exceptions, but minnows of their
race. Yet we have even in these -islands
humbler purifiers at work, tadpoles , and
burying beetles, and others suitable to the
comparatively easy ; work that falls to
them. One of these days, when natural
history is taught in a rational manner in
our schools, ; when the rising generation
learns to appreciate ,-.: the living world
around instead of banging pianos and
splashing * pigments, .we shall have a re
cantation of , the modern zoological* faith
and :■ a . better , appreciation : of the beasts
and birds. v /- . .. -
We shall find nothing ;to shudder at In
the meal : of ; the vulture, but we may, on
the contrary, even learn-; to protect that
remarkable bird and ,\ its ; fellow-scaven
gers as . among , the - worthiest of i earth's
children. To the last the vulture is ac
tive in its allotted mission, and when at
length* it falls no living beast, or bird
or insect will touch its body, and it must
crumble quietly to dust, a lasting—some
what too lasting, as those know who have
camped - near an undiscovered " dead : vul
ture ; for " some — monument to the
usefulness / of the ; great . scavenging ; army
of which ; It 5 once was so active '■ a mem
ber.— the Saturday Review.
■■ » ♦ « _
TIME TO SMILE.
Mrs. Parvenue— That picture in the cor
ner is by an old master.
Mrs. Swartleigh— lndeed! I would never
have messed ft.
Mrs. Parvenue— Tes, the man I bought
it from gave me a written guaranty that
the painter was past 75 before he done a
stroke on it.
Baxter— l must hurry around to see old
Hardrocks the first thing in the morning
and get, that money he owes me. He's
going to have trouble.
Mrs. Baxter— Why, Joslah, what makes
you think so?
Baxter— The paper cays his boy has
started out to De a Napoleon at some
thing. I didn't notice just what.
Mrs. W'edderly— Yes, my husband and I
met and became engaged at the seaside.
Mrs. Van Lavb — Dear me, how singular!
Mrs. Wedderly— l don't see anything so
remarkable about it. Young folks are
always getting engaged at the seaside.
Mrs. van Laub— l know, but you seem
to have subsequently got married to each
other.
- s "Has your wife gone away for her
health?" :. t) ,~;; : - \\ -■:-.. t-\
r "No. she's gone away for my credit. We
both fully understood that she'd be more
comfortable h right ■: here at home, but I*
she didn't go somewhere for j awhile j my
creditors • would get 2. scared •■- and ." come
down on me with a. rush. I tell you, a
fellow's got to be a diplomat all the timo
to keep afloat nowadays. Vi^pgfiSSWHlßffll
"Slia P9}Bj}snni — os taw ;, ajj-Bui
pinoAv vbio esia c Sumatra avoujj ;?,uop
I . 'mou yoS ; pino.vi. noX .; qsj.n \* I— aqg "!>
;.P!P 131 W*I AV 'IP.M.— »H
-Addmi »uu sifwui oj tu-ttta eqj jo
spue ■ sin oj ioS :. pino.w no.C i ?ui{ % I paacp
-ap noX pe;.u^iu 9i9M. au eaojag— *qg
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
POULTRY RANCH-F. J.. City. There
is a very larg-e poultry ranch rear Santa
Rosa. It is owned by R. Spreckels.
DE YOUNG'S DEATH-N. f City.
Charles de Young was shot and *«» lef j »(
I. M. Kalloch in San Francisco April Zi,
1880.
SAMOA DISaSTER-T. R. M., City.
The United States and other vessels to
which you allude in the letter of Inquiry
were wrecked at Apia, Samoan Islands,
March 15 and 16, 18S9.
PRESENTS FOR SOLDIERS— Miss H.,
Oakland, Cal. In the Answers to Corre
spondents, issue of November 2. 1898, there
was printed what is most desirable lor
the soldiers at Manila.
NON-TREATING CLUB— F. A.. Wat
sonville, Cal. By addressing a communi
cation to "Members of the N. T. Club.
933 Market street, San Francisco, you will
be able to obtain Information of the Non-
Treating Club. .
MARRIAGE BUREAU-A. Mi M. 8.,
City. This department does not know of
"a marriage bureau in the United States
that is of size, of note, and which can be
said to bo reliable," and if it did it could
not advertise it. __
VOLUNTEER ENGINEERS— A Read
er, City. To ascertain the present where
abouts of Company L. Second Regiment,
United States Volunteer ad
dress a letter of inquiry to the War de
partment, at Washington, D. C.
THE DURRANT CASE— A. S.. City. No
one has yet taken the trouble to compute
how much it cost the city and county of
San Francisco and the State of Califor
nia to try Durrant for murder An ap
proximation was made and that wasin
round numbers $40,000.
THE VOTE FOR MAYOR-J. K-t City.
The vote for Mayor at the election held
in San Francisco In 1896 was: J. g- P«e
lan 29,066, C. L. Taylor 20,760. C. S. ~au
meister 7040, J. L, Dimond 3381. C C.
O'Donnell 17&7 and Oliver Everett 95T.
HENRY T. GAGE— J. B. K. and F. S..
City. Henry T. Gage was at one time a
farmer As a practicing attorney Henry
T Gage while practicing his profession
in Los Angeles was liable to be called" to
practice in the Police as well as in any
other court. Many of the peatest attor
neys have appeared for clients in Police
Courts.
ST. "BERNARD DOG— A. S., San Jose,
CaL The surest way to break a St. Ber
nard puppy of the habit of killing and
eating chickens is to punish him severely
when guilty of such an act, ana if that
does n*ot bring about the desired result
muzzle him. Any first-class book-dealer
will secure for you a work on the train
ing of dogs.-
CAPITAL PUNISHMENT— A. 8., City.
The death penalty as a punishment for
murder is forbidden by law in the States
of Colorado, Rhode Island, Maine, Michi
gan and Wisconsin. In Rhode Island the
only alternative is imprisonment for life.
In Kansas the signature of the Governor
is necessary to an execution. In all other
States the death penalty is Inflicted for
murder.
TO SECURE A PATENT— A Constant
Reader, Oakland, Cal. You can procure a
patent, if entitled \o one, without the in
tervention of an attorney, if you will pro
ceed to Washington, D. C, and present
your claim in person, but you will find it
an expensive and troublesome Job. It
costs about $100, including a lawyer a
fees, to obtain a patent. The United States
protects a patent in the United States
only.
WRITING ON A BALLOTJ— N.. City. A
voter has the right to write on his ballot.
The law says: "There shall be left at the
end of the list of candidates for each of
fice as many blank spaces as there are
persons to be elected for such office, in
which the voter may insert the name of
any person not printed upon the ballot for
whom he desires to vote as candidate for
such office." To vote for a candidate,
stamp a cross in the square at the right
of the name.
THE BALLOT— F. H. H., City. To ex
press his choice, a voter must, under the
law, stamp a cross in the square to tne
right of the name on the ballot, opposite
the name of every candidate he wishes to
vote for. If there are four Republican
candidates for the office of Police Judge
and he should place a cross to the right
of only one of the names, his vote would
count for that candidate only; it Would
not carry the other three Republican can
dates with it.
CHANGE OF RESIDENCE— S. and
others, City. The law of this State on
the subject of change of residence prior
to election is as follows: "Section 1239,
subdivision 3, Political Code— A person
must not be held, by reason of having
moved from one precinct to another in the
same county within thirty days prior to
election, to have lost his residence in the
precinct so moved from, provided he was
an elector therein on the thirtieth day
prior to such election."
CaL glace fruit 50c per 1b at Townsend'a*
Important— Best eyeglasses, specs, 16c to
40c, at 81 Fourth, near grocery. •
Special Information supplied flally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Stern Parent — So you want to marry my
daughter, eh?"
Young Man— l not only want to, but I
Intend to marry her.
Stern Parent— Oh. you do! Well, have
you any expectations?
Young Man — Yes, I expect you will de
cline to give your consent and we will
have to elope.
Through Tourist Car to St. PauL
Thia car la nicely upholstered la leather,
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Goes
via Shasta route and Northern Paclflo Rail
way. The scenic line of the continent. Ticls
eU on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rates.
T. K. Stateler. general agent. C3B Market at..
Sb.a Franc le co.
Commercial lunch. 11 to 2. Among th« Bar
rels. 863 Market £t.
St. Louis Citizen— l read in the railway
notes this morning that the Chicago
Limited-
Chicago Citizen— Say. you must have
read that In one of your village papers.
You ought to know that Chicago has no
limit.
ADVESTISEMTJJT3. 'y.
I PUTS |!
il ON A -: j
| BRAKE ; .! ;
ii ii
I When a man is j
i 'i
| rushing on the j S
I road to ; destruc- 8
Si tion, the Keeley 8-
I treatment steps <- ;;^
g; in and puts on a; |
| brake. It is a cure i !rV :
; | for drunkenness | '
§ and all drug ! R
| addictions. |-"
< • Write for Information. |
§| THE KEELEY INSTITUTES, f' '
r • 5*J 1170 Market street, Sao Francisco, §1
: Dooohoe Building. i: ;
,; ¥ Lankershim Building. M *u4' * '
'89 ' Lankersbim Building, 3d and > ,
Spring streets. Los Angelet,
:,?;Jg Fred A. Pollock. Manager. j ; V ]$ :■GRAND PARADE OF THE REPUBLICAN HOSTS
SURE OF VICTORY
ARE REPUBLICANS
Major McLaughlin Predicts Suc
cess by Twenty Thousand
Majority - Gage Goes
South To-Day.
Absolute confidence In the election of
Gage and Xeff prevails at the head
quarters of the Republican State Cen
tral Committee. Cheering telegrams
are hourly received from interior coun
ties. Since the beginning of the week
now closing many messages have been
received, giving the Judgment of intelli
gent men regarding the result of the
contest. Everywhere in the State Re
publican gains are foreshadowed. Ac
cording to rertorts from Pan ""Luis
Oblspo, Kern, Tulare and Shasta coun
ties, the middle of the road Populists
have cast fusion to the winds and are
openly announcing their purpose to
vote for Gage and Neff.
In response to Eastern messages
Major Frank McLaughlin yesterday
wired to New York, Washington and
Chi- ago forecasts of the election next
Tuesday. "Without "lfs" or "ands" he
wired that the Republicans would elect
their State ticket, also a majority of
the Legislature and gain Congressmen.
Major McLaughlin was asked on be
half of The Call to give a prediction of
Gage's majority. He said: "It is my
judgment that Gage will be elected by
twenty thousand majority. Ned's ma
jority will approximate forty thou
sand."
When asked if there had been a can
vass of the precincts throughout the
State to justify these estimates the
major replied:
"The committee has heard from every
precinct in California. It should be
borne in mind that the committee did
not dissolve and abandon work at the
close of the last Presidential campaign.
Prior to that time it was the custom
In California for a committee to close
up affairs, abandon headquarters and
put away records at the close, of a cam
paign. Two years ago, when McKin
ley was elected, we resolved to follow
the Eastern plan and preserve the
party organization. We have kept our
rooms open ever since and have been
In daily touch with representatives of
the party in every counts in the State.
We made it a special point to get Re
publican voters on the register.
"After the State ticket was nomi
nated at Sacramento we were not com
pelled to devote six weeks' time to
establish an organization. We were
organized. The party machinery was
ready for instant motion. Our suc
cess in getting Republicans on the
register within the proper time caused
Democratic Judges to construe the law
in favor of reopening registration.
Where the time was extended our un
registered voters took advantage of the
opportunity to get on the register.
•'I have not the slightest doubt,"
continued the chairman, "of the elec
AD\ ERTISEMENTS.
*PSINLESS DENTISTRr7.
if To Sensitive, Dead and Aching Teeth. (I
' / PAINLESS EXTRACTION-A SPECIALTY. 71
/ . .LOWEST PRICES FOR FIRST-CLASS WORK. . /T
V I Teeth without plate, per tooth fr0m..... § 3.50 |. %
V Plates with free extraction from *-»" I
1 Gold nillngg from • •""•>"•?« / #
>1 j Silver fillings from .- « ** ._!— ' #
) -PILL WORK WARRANTED. : I
/ OPEN* EVENINGS AND SUNDAYS. fl
\ METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS, V
# DR. T. 3. HIGCtNS, PROPRIETOR, I \
Over Cafe Zlnkand. 027 MARKET STREET. Fifth Floor. Elevator. ■ ■
tion of Gage and Neff. We will elect
also a Republican Legislature and gain
a United States Senator."
Henry T. Gage, the Republican
standard-bearer, leaves at 9 a. m. to
day for Los Angeles. To-morrow night
he will address eight or ten meetings
In that city. He is confident of the
success of the entire Republican State
ticket, but does not care to make an
estimate of majorities. He refers with
pleasure to the fact that he has kept
every campaign appointment made for
■ him by the Republican State Commit
i tee. Whether elected or not, he will
j never forget the cordial greetings ex
tended to him by the people of San
Francisco.
. ♦ i — ■
HENRY S. MARTIN'S
FIGHT IS WON
He Is Regarded by the Wise Ones as
a Sure Winner.
As the campaign draws to a close the
evidence multiplies on all sides that
the voters will choose Henry S. Martin
for the next Sheriff of this county by a
large majority. This is as it should be,
for a better man for the position could
not be found.
During the campaign Mr. Martin has
worked hard early and late. He has
personally met thousands of voters
and has gained in strength daily since
his nomination, so that he is now re
garded by the knowing ones as one
of the sure winners. This opinion is so
general that in all batting that is be
ing made Mr. Martin is a prime favor
ite at odds of 10 to 7. •
Mr. Martin possesses all the qualities
necessary to make an ideal public offi
cial and his administration of the af
fairs of the Sheriff's office will be such
as to retain for him the golden opinions
the voters have formed of him during
the campaign.
Appointment of Interpreter.
At a mass mw-ting of the Austrian-
BlaTonian Republican Club hold In Apollo
Hall November 3, the following was
adopted:
"Resolved, That the position of Slavon
ian interpreter should belong and does
belong lawfully to the club, and that all
the candidates after election, and particu
larly those who have the appointing power
of the interpreters, should u.se their best
endeavor? to sec that the club has the
power of recommending the name of a
proper person to till the appointment.
And it is further
"Resolved, That no person other than
Austrian-Slavonian born shall be appoint
ed to fill the position."
Cordelia Botkin in Court.
Mrs. Cordelia Botkln was in court yes
terday, expecting that a date for her trial
would be set by the court. As her attor
neys did not appear and the prosecution
was anxious for a continuance, the case
went over one wp(k.
All electors desiring to purify the atmo
sphere of our Police Court! should vote
for ex-Court Commissioner \\'m. G. Burke
for Police Judge. He is by fur the best
man named for the office. •
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAT, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
WHY SINGLE TAX
IS AN ISSUE
GOVERNOR'S INFLUENCE GIVES
HIM GREAT POWER.
T. W. H. Shanahan Presents Some
Telling Arguments on the Ques
tion of the Hour.
The danger of carrying the single tax or at
least destroying what exists of the prosperity
of the State by an attempt to carry it Is some
thing that all voters do not comprehend.
The fusionists claim that It Is not an Issue.
Yet their emissaries visit the saloons and cor
ner groceries and Inquire the amount of Inter
nal revenue paid on beer, liquor and cigars.
'•Glad to set rid of It?" says the emissary.
"Certainly," replies the proprietor.
"Pay taxes on the valuation Independent of
that?"
"Yes; pay city and county and £ tat 0 taxes
on the whole valuation." -'v^."*::.
"Anything else?"
"Yes; -we pay city and county license for the
urivHejje °' keeping our doors cpen to sell
.ihat we have."
"Anything else?"
"Yes; of keeping our doors these billiard
»c have."
ivthinp else?"
s; we pay a license on these billiard
tables."
"Be glad to get rid of all these taxes?"
"Yes; certainly.* 1
"Be Elarl to break monopoly of land so that
after you earn a competence without taxation
you wouM be able to buy a home cheap?"
"Certainly."
"Maguire represents these Ideas; will you
vote for him?"
Sometimes from a selfish standpoint the
answer is. "Yes." ■
I^et us see. Incomes have been distressingly
light with farmers for some years. The earn
ings of landowners have gone to swell the
volume of personal wealth. The calloused skin
thickens on the hands of farmer and producer,
but Is he becoming a monopolist? For ,some
years he baa hail less and less to expend In the
cities, therefore your receipts and the receipts
'if all dealers and merchants in the aggregate
are falling off.
But you say, "We can double or quadruple
oooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooco
I HAS COST MAGUIRE
i VERY MANY VOTES I
o o
j The Sacramento Bee Rebels j
! Against Hie Examiner's j
o U o
I Methods in the Cam- ]
o o
I paign. !
o . o
o o
© The Examiner's Implied claim of proprietorship of James G. Ma- Q
© quire, and that individual's ready acquiescence trt the claim, are bear- ©
O ing fruit of ashes. Supporters of Judge Maguire, men who have ©
© given their time, energy and money to his cause, resent the all too ©
O apparent fact that Judge Maguire is the Examiner's candidate for O
O Governor, and not the candidate of his party. ©
O The Sacramento Bee, which throughout the present campaign has ©
O been one of Maguire's stanchest supporters, is the latest Journal to © '
© rebel against the Examiner's proprietary claim to Judge Maguire. In O
O its issue of Friday, November 4, it gives utterance to its wrath in O
O these words: • O
O O
It mau just as well be reit-
S crated again that the methods of S
© the San Francisco Examiner in f
% this campaign haye done great •
damage to the cause of James G. s
S Maguire, damage which has not 2
| been repaired by running him °
g through this section of the State g
on an Examiner train as the Ex-
aminer candidate fop Governor, S
o o
000000000000000000000000000000000000
his burden of taxation and by: relieving our
selves of taxation increase our profits." Can
you? You work, live and sleep somewhere. -.- If
you own your place of business or dwelling
your taxes would be increased. If you fall to
own either or both your _ rent would be in
creased accordingly. The only way to defeat
both taxes and rent Is to destroy the borne and
the fixed permanent use of land.
How Is It that the land owner, as such, is
rarely wealthy and almost never a millionaire,
while comparatively speaking millionaire own
ers of stocks, bonds, railroads, money and
products are common?
■ If a country desires, to go .to war does It
nek permission of the land owners of the coun
try? No. It auks the assistance of financiers,
the owners of the personal wealth of the
world:
How is it a Hebrew rarely becomes the own
er of land? Because he knows the burdens en
tailed, the lack of profit under existing con-
ditions the wnrlrt over. I am not saying this
in a spirit of criticism or complaint. He is
j f-ntitlert to exercise his good Judgment. But
from the time that Joseph cornered the corn or
Egypt to the. present day the Jew rarely owns
i larii], and <>n the contrary his race are th.»
I heaviest owners of personal property on earth.
' The probabilities are that during the famine
, and whll* the original corner in c,;rn was being
disposed of at a profit, the land owners of
Egypt were suffering for bread.
1 The suggestion Is made, though, that as the
1 single tax would relieve all personal property
, and improvements fr.m taxation the banners.
Slroad owners and capitalists generally would
or It. Not necessarily. The financiers Ot
world do not oar,- to kill the goose that
a the golden egg. They shrink from invest
nt in bonds ot a country already over
bmd-d. knowing that the bon.ls must ulti
i mntely be paid from the land, and if taxes run
too high men will cense to proSuee and inter
est and principal would alike go unpaid. For
the same reason prudence requires that land
shall not be rendered valueless by naunK
placed upon it what now constitutes the whole
burden of direct and Indirect taxation Land
owners would fall under the additional burden.
fail to produce, and the capitalist would taKe
hlit portable personal wealth and get from the
country as quickly as he did formerly from
Spain and the Argentine Republic. Capital is
' ! willing to take all the producer can yield up
: to the breaking point, but it cannot break down
human effort without Injury or destruction to
The single taxer claims that enhanced prices
for products would offset additional taxation
on land. But prices of products would still
be regulated and fixed in the same markets of
the world, and we would still compete with.
states and countries where the slnel* ta *
vagary would hnve no existence. The change
•would be additional taxes and additional rents
to land ownfrs and land users up to the time
when the governmental structure would fall
under the weight of the unjust system im
posed.
The single tax. or nationalization of land.
wa« broached at the time of the French revo
lution. But at that time, when men had no
regard for vested rights, when the emblem of
liberty was a naked courtesan carried through
the streets of Paris, when the existence of the
IJelty was denied, when men were maddened
with the cry of '•Liberty, fruternity, equality
or death," even then the home was not de
s-troyed. The law that gives each descendant
of any deceased person a share of his land
and a fixity of tenure made France a nation
of small land hi tidings, and rich within her
self. Notwithstanding: prior foreign wars,
revolutions and internal difficulties, at the
time of the Franco-Prussian war she was able
to pay out of the pockets and stockings of her
own people within the limited time allowed
the enormous indemnity demanded by Ger
many. This, too, from a territorial area dif
fering but little from that of California, but
under rested ownership and a certain and
fixed tenure of land.
Mr. llaguire says in one of his articles on
the single tax: "We propose to do away with
all vested rights and titles and ownership in
land and raise the public revenue from land
rental." This c»uld only be accomplished
primarily by legislative action, but with the
approval of the single tax idea as would b«
evidenced by the elertlon of Mr. Maguire he
would l»e in a position to exercise great in
fluence with the Legislature. It is idle to say
that as Governor his hands would be tied. He
would have over 2WO offices and places to fill
directly or Indirectly. Judging from the num
ber of single taxers on the Democratic State
Central Committee, these places would he filled
by single taxers. The literary bureau that
has been in existence for years past would
have new sources of revenue and the fight
would go on to the exclusion of every other
issue until single tax or nationalization of land
had been killed by the defeat of a constitu
tional amendment providing for it.
\\ i:y waste all this time and keep home own
ers in termr for four years? We know that if
the fusionists have nut swallowed the single
tnx. the single taxers have swallowed the
fusionists. The question should b« settled by
the defeat w Mr. Ma^ulre on November 8.
and then. If he and his adherents are still de
sirous of inflicting the single tax upon them
selves and others, my suggestion would be. In
stead of disturbing and paralyzing this State,
that they transfer their literary bureau and
themselves to one of the Philippine islands,
the more barbarous the better, and there put
Into effect the single tax and nationalization of
land. T. W. H. SIIAN'AHAS.
MR. BLOCK AND
HIS FAMOUS
DEAD SOLDIERS
How He Worked the
Taxpayers.
CENSURED IN A REPORT
HIS LAST MILITARY ROLLS ARE
WORTHLESS.
He Boldly Defied the Law and Got
Nearly $5000 for the .I'rick.
A Shameful Ex
pose.
Tax Collector James N. Block and his
supporters will find fifteen minutes of
very disagreeable reading In the facts set
forth In the report compiled by Expert J.
C. Saulman for the Judiciary Committee
of the Board of Supervisors, filed* Novem
ber 4.
Mr. Block was charged with Improperly
obtaining money from the city and county
in the compilation of the military roll.
The sum secured by the frugal Collector
aggregated for the past two years $4029 40.
It is the duty of the Tax Collector of this
city to cause to be made a house-to-house
canvass for the purpose of compiling an
accurate census of those subject to mili
tary duty. To indemnify him for the cost
of this labor the statute allows 5 cents
per name.
Careful Investigation shows that Mr.
Block paid no attention to h's official obli
gations and that he compiled a report that
is practically worthless. However, the
gentleman was not looking for quality but
quantity of subjects, and he was also
glueing his grip to the $2300 per year.
He found a simple way to gTind out the
names by the thousand at 5 cents a name
and at the same time to hoodwink the of
ficials whose duty it is to pass on his de
mands for the people's money. The artful
Collector discovered that there are such
things as precinct registers of voters and
that he had clerks who could use the
citv"s time to copy names therefrom. The
result for the years 1^97-98 is U roster of
"military" subjects the equal of which
could not be found on this rolling sphere.
The list furnished evidences of the fact
that the names were copied off without
any reference to qualifications. The lame,
the halt, the blind, the aged, those exempt
by reason of official positions, the miser
able wrecks at the Almshouse and. last of
all, those who have paid their last taxes
to Mr. Block and gone over to the great
majority— all were carefully entered on the
list at v cents, per entry.
Mr Block' also found space for the
names of a squad of Chinese warriors,
who will- doubtless be of great value to
Uncle Sam in the event of an early war.
People who ..ave left the State and are
'subject to military duty in other com
monwealths have also been carefully
ci One of the special requirements of the
law iB that the names of all male per
sons between the ages of IS and 21 years
shall be returned. The falsity, the worth
lessness of the source of the Collector's
roster are shown in the report of the ex
pert by reason of the absence of names
of men of those ages. In other words,
the precinct registers were good enough
for Mr. Block. In fact they were "real
good things." They were completed by
the city in 1896, and for copying them last
year Mr. Block pocketed 12311 15.
The city could not supply him with
newly corrected precinct registers for
18b8, but this little matter did not bother
the resourceful official, nor did he ob
serve the behests of the law. It was easy
enough to copy off the same old list with
a few omissions and additions, and it was
equally easy for the supposed trust
worthy Mr. Block to remove from the
public treasury the sum of J23IS 25. It
will be noticed that he marie a variation
of only $7 10 for the changes occur
ring in the male population of this big
city in one year.
In brief, the foxy Collector charged the
City for the original list, which was
worthless, and by copying it a year later
successfully depleted the municipal
strong box of another $2300, for which no
value was received, and what was corn
£B*££££££BBBBBB£ 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 8 £ 8 8 £ £ £88 £ SS'
I "WHITE ASSENTED I
I" .TO NO INFAMY" 1
a ■ 88
I Col. John P. Irish Compares I
o« • l 1 fi i TXT ■i 1 ■•' T
1 the Senator With James 1
I G. Maguire. ■ i
88
S8 In his speech at Metropolitan Temple last Friday night Colonel 8?
88 John P. Irish paid this high tribute to Senator Stephen M. White: j^
85 When this amendment to adjust and settle the Central Pacific 88
debt and recover for the Government all the principal and interest of 88
its claim was before the Senate it was general legislation as a rider 88
*. to an appropriation bill. Under the rule it made the bill subject to 28
% objection. That point of order was raised by Senator Hale of Maine, 88
2, , and was withdrawn upon the assurance of Senator White that there 88
*, would be no objection to the amendment, and it passed by the "unan- 88;
r, imous vote of the Senate. . \, 88'
23 No man can make me believe that Senator White assented to an 88
25 infamy. None can make California believe that Senator White there- *J
II by compromised the interests of the Government or compounded a
.» just claim. • -88
88 I speak cf Senator White as his affectionate friend. He is a j.
88 man of high talents, highly trained. But he stands in a group 55
28 apart, for he has something more than talents. In him is the in- 53
85 effable quality of genius which is the gift of but few: that quality 25
85 born in men that needs no training — which grasps principles by in- -?8
•^ stict and sees the equity of things as the physical senses of other. 53
85 men see the passing panorama of the physical world about them. \ .5 ;
Between him and me have come differences, , serious in their nature, 88
!f respecting the financial policy of the Government, and if I have had 88 :
o. a doubt about the correctness of my position it has generated in the 88
!^ high respect I have for him. When these differences have passed 88
!; by the final adjustment of that policy, I have hoped that we will f
2 again stand side by side in accord as to those principles we received 8*
£ in our youth and for which we did battle together in our manhood. 88
II £88888 £8888 8 & 888 88 8 8 88888 £££££,£££ 8888
~~ ADVERTISEMENTS. _..-.-. "
ADVICETOA WIFE!
ADVICE TO A MOTHER!
Fullness of health, vitality and vigor make happy homes and
BUCC DebUit^ ''Jre'mature decay, sterility cause domestic misery desertion
and divorce. " -
Don't Be a Worn-Out Woman. You Were
Intended to Be Strong.
MrV \\rr\M AXT Can retain her strength who suffers from
INU yVUiTIAIN weakness and disease of the delicate and im-
portant or^ns that make wifehood and motherhood possible. Do not
neglect the first indication of ill health, painful menses, pain in the side,
headache V backache. Vitalism will cure drugs only irritate. Take
Cardlne for weak heart, cerebrine for brain fag, etc.; ovarine for amen-
orrhoea hysteria, sterility; uterine for nervous exhaustion and prema-
ture decay. Great restoratives and vitallzers.
THE
TREATMENT
OF
1898,
Uterine wafers restore all monthly irregularities promptly, positively
and permanently, when every other meth.d fails.
Vitalism acts directly on the sensitive organs; it makes them stronsr
and vigorous; it prepares them to bear the burdens of maternity. They . .
are nature's own remedies.
Vitalism Makes Women New.
Those living In the city or vicinity can learn cl* about it by calling
at our office: Those living at a distance can write for full informa-
tion and a free sample of Vitalism.
CORRESPONDENCE STRICTLY CONFIDENTIAL.
DOCTOR ROVXEL AND ASSOCIATED PHYSICIANS. 3*3 Kearny street. Hot ■*, 10 to
4 and 7toBp. m. Sundays, 11 to 12.v
piled in express aenance or tne explicit
requirements of the statute.
As an illustration of the value of Mr.
Blocks list. In nine Assembly districts
there are the names of 5136 men who are
found not to be residents of the addresses
It would be an act of wisdom for Mr.
Block to return this wrongfully obtained
$4629 40, or explain satisfactorily his new
method of getting his hands into the
public pocket and at the same time hold
ing office. _
ERROR IN SAMPLE BALLOT.
To the Voters of San Francisco:
Your attention is hereby called to the
fact that on the sample ballot mailed
an error was committed by the failure
to insert after the name of FINLAY
COOK, candidate for Police Judge, the
words "Citizens' Non-Partisan" in ad
dition to the words "People's Party-
Democrat"; also after the name of P.
A. BERGEROT, candidate for School
Director, the words "Citizens' Non-
Partisan" in addition to the . words
"Citizens' Republican-Republican.",
W. J BIGGY, Registrar of Voters.
•■» ■ '
Dandruff and Itching Scalp
Cured with Smith's Dandruff Pomade.
For sale by all drugrpifts; sample sent frea
by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
78
FINAL RALLY OF THE
FUSION CAMPAIGN
Eulogists of Magnlre and Phelan Will Now
Retire From Public View for a
Time.
Congressman Lafe Pence of Colorado Reiterates Arguments
of Local Orators and Denounces Republican
Candidates-Job Chasers Make
Their Last Appearance,
Last night the Democrats and their
allies practically closed their campaign
in the city with a big meeting at Metro
politan Temple, four open-air meetings
ami lesser attraction* in several As
sembly districts. Fusion and Phelan
candidates rushed about from meeting
to meeting and were introduced as the
[ess champions of all things good
and pure in politics. The job chasers,
one and all, from Blaguife and Phelan
down to the candidate lor School Di
rector, ranted on the railroad and mo
aopoly theme, which has been the
Bourbon sloyan since nominations were
made.
The occasion was advertised as the
last appearance of the candidates be
fore election." The writer of the "ad."
should have placed a period after the
word candidates, as they are doomed
and obscurity on Tuesday.
All the meetings wort- merely a repeti
tion vi those held nightly during the
lour weeks. Candidates were
red more or less enthusiastically,
ding to the popularity of the in
dividual and the number of personal
Is who happened to be in the as
semblage.
... Pence, the Colorado Populist
nan, who has been making
campaign speeches through the State
tor juaguire, and Mayor Phelan were
■lions at Metropolitan Temple,
and a large crowd was there to greet
them. The Colora'dan extolled Maguire
it< tin pne man living to-day in whom
. the virtues and godlike
secuted humanity. He
talked about the funding bill and ma
rine end fisheries committee work in
arid gave all the credit for
I jlation on these questions
in the fusion gubernatorial candidate.
■liy compared Maguire and
Bryan' with Abraham Lincoln and de
: that they were all emancipators.
Mr. Pence told several good stories,
which kept "his audience in a cheerful
. his speech was of the usual
anti-monopoly order, with particular
ace to the Southern Pacific Com
pany.
Judge W. P. Lawlor presided and
presented Mr. Pence in a few words.
. thanking those present for the
warmth of their welcome Mr. Pence an
nounced that he Intended to return to
California in a year. When he returned
he said he was going to the City Hall
to call on Mayor Phelan and that from
there he wuulfl continue his journey to
Sacramento to pay his respects to Gov
ernor Maguire. Mr. Pence then took a
run on the sidetrack to describe thf
beauty of California and incidentally
he mentioned the disappointment that
was his because he had not been able
to meet the Republican candidates.
Mr. Pence said Mr. Maguire did not
belong to Massachusetts, his native
State, or to California, his adopted
home, but he was the property of this
great republic. Then he cited the fact
that he had served in the Fifty-third
Congress with Mr. Maguire. He lauded
Mr. Maguire's record in Congress until
there was only one man In Congress
and that was Maguire. Prior to this
Mr. Pence said he had never heard of
Mr. Gage and he confidentially stated
that he never expected to hear of him
again.
Mr. Pence said he stood before those
present a Populist, driven from the
Democratic party by Cleveland, and he
believed California was full of Silver
Republicans driven from the Republi
can party by Hanna. After stating that
the Democrats, Silver Republicans and
Populists were one and a united party
in the present campaign Mr. Pence
prophesied that the three parties in
one would sweep the land in the elec
tion on Tuesday. He next attempted
a recital of the many reasons and issues
why every honest Republican should
leave the party. These issues were, of
course, C. P. . Huntington and the
Southern Pacific Railroad. He stated
that he was not present to assail the
character of any of the Republican
candidates, but despite this, his re
marks were vituperative in their char
acter.
After his personal tirade he opened
up another line of thought, and by way
of stirring up the crowd prophesied
tliat Bryan would be elected President
in 1900. Returning to the California
campaign, Mr. Pence said the Repub
licans wanted a candidate who was
good enough to hold the office of Gov
ernor, while the Democrats wanted a
man capable of filling the position.
This was the material difference be
tween Gage and Magulre — one a rail
road creature, the other an honest man.
The most startling statement made
by Mr. Pence was that Maguire did
not represent the Democratic party,
but that he represented the People's
United party, composed of the Demo
crats, Populists and free silver Repub
licans. To each argument he made
Mr. Pence asked the crowd to take his
word for it, not, as he stated, because
it was his word, but because it was the
truth.
Mayor Phelan arrived at 10 o'clock.
"When he had been introduced he stated
that his absence had been due to the
fact he had had several other
meetings to address. He regretted that
he had not been able to be present and
hear Mr. Pence, for he was sure that he
would have profited by his words of
wisdom, as he was one of the wise men
•of the East. Mr. Phelan then began a
recital of his thoughts as he had
looked up to the heavens and counted
the stars on his way to the Temple. He
said he had thought what a beautiful
place California is and how its people
should be a good and prosperous peo
ple. Nature had, done much for the
State, and it lies with the people to
accomplish the rest. Then he made the
same old argument that he has made
all through th^ campaign. He said that
all had gone well with the people and
the State until tyrants had set them
selves up in the State and built rail
roads. Under generous privileges
granted them by the people they had
prospered, and then had turned their
power against the best interests of the
commonwealth. He dropped into the
heroic often enough to secure himself
applause, and told the crowd that
Judpre James Maguire would close his
campaign by speaking in Metropolitan
Temple to-morrow night.
In accordance with the programme
open air meetings were held on the four
corners adjacent to the temple — at
Fourth and Market, Fourth and Mis- ,
sion, Fifth and Market and Fifth and
Mission. The four meetings can be
tersely described with one word —
"frost."
They were billed to open at 8 o'clock.
! Chairmen were chosen, and it was pro
; grammed that at about the same time
'< as the chairmen had finished telling
i about themselves and the fractions of
! bands'had quitteu tooting a mixture of
: the "Hot Time" and a few patriotic
airs the streets would be Jammed with
| thousands who had been unable to find
! seats in the temple, but the p^Jans failed
I miserably.
There was a good crowd at Fifth and
"Mission. It consisted mainly of women
and children, who had assembled to
witness the pyrotechnic display and
had made a grand stand of the Mint
steps. A stand was erected at the cor
ner .and a few musicians ranged them
selves around it. They tooted all the
popular airs and a few patriotic ones,
but the crowd stayed stubbornly on the
Mint steps, and finally the musicians
followed them. When the speakers ar
rived the stand was deserted and they
forced their way to the top of tire steps
and talked at the backs of the people.
The meeting was unresponsive. Occa
sionally a tottering figure would arise
and a maudlin voice hoarsely shout,
"Hooray fur McGwire," but aside from
this the only show of feeling was when
an unusually brilliant rocket would
elicit an "Oh, ah," from the little ones.'
The speakers along Market street
were the victims of a lucky chance. The
Republican parade drew a large crowd
and the chairmen of the meetings
fondly supposed that they were the
drawing cards and swelled and spouted
accordingly. . But the bursts of elo
quence and howls of monopoly fell on
unheeding ears. The Republican pa
rade had drawn the crowd and the Re
publican parade got all the cheers. It
was an ideal night and people were out
for the spectacular.
They did not care who the railroad
backed or what J. Diotrenes Phelan
would do with honest men in case they
were elected, and as soon as the parade
had passed the audiences dwindled
down- to mere handfuls of men who
had no particular place to go and
stood around to see the candidates.
About the only noise made was by
small boys with fishhorns, who were
summarily shut down or , commended
according to the humor of the
speakers. ,
To one who visited all stands there
was a wearying sameness. The sam»»
got up in the same way and did the
same things at all the stands. They
had the same smiles, used the same
gestures and. took the hangers-on to
the nearest places of refreshment in
exactly the same way. The speeches,
boiled down, would be, "Monopoly,
bossism, the railroad; to defeat these
vote the Democratic ticket in general
and for me in particular., I am honest,
I am noble, I am free from boss rule
and will do things such as none other
has done before me."
Thp speakers were all lesser lights,
■ ' ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000 000 o 000 0 00 00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000 00 0000 00 000000000006000 0000
O ..... ' ••- _______ ' ' __ mrm» ._'._ '' ' . ' O
o- •■ . \ ' . ** \ / ©
O fIB9KBHD " :^^^ "THREE CLASSES OF MEN" is the title of a little book I send free by mail, in a plain, o
0 I^^^^^^^OT^P^^^SD^_^_^^^^^_^^^^^^^P sealed envelope. It tells what I have learned from thirty years' experience as a specialist in O
O j RflßpqE %10\ HI weaknesses of men, young or old, resulting from youthful errors or later excesses, such as O
2 pQfH^n HIM Drains, Nervousness, Lame Back, Varicocele, etc., and also shows why . g
15 H^SiP 111 DRUGS INEVER CURE, g
% BSPJ^gJK : *'.*' This book tells how I learned that we must look to nature alone for a cure when nature's ®
o W s-#??^?sx*i^ %4'^ BMlf laws have been abused, and how I found that ELECTRICITY, the groat natural force, was as true q
° |BBjy /l^m^^^^k *&& 9H as life itself to bring back: power when properly used. It tells of the conception and perfection O
O uiyky ' of my wonderful appliance, the O
° itlii^l^llpfk '^^^'■^^^l^^l,^ M^^^^^^^t Now used the world over for these weaknesses. I combine in this appliance the efforts of a q
O XL. f^SSKlll^P >fi^s^Bßm life-long study. It is the only truly scientific self-treatment for Weak Men. It generates a o
O $&2&^ current °^ Electricity instantly felt by the wearer, or O
O W^^^^^m^^^^^^m&^^^^^^S^^^ Applied as I apply it, Electricity flows in a pleasant, soothing current from back to front, O
° :^mSm^M^W^Wi^m^M9^^^M^^^&^^ii directly through the weakened parts, giving strength and courage, and stops the drain in thirty °
2 ffiffitwSlS^S^^Si^^^^^^^^S^^S^^^^l days. Over 5000 voluntary testimonials of absolute cures were received during 1897 Belt can be °
5 worn day or night. IT CURES WHILE YOU SLEEP. o
O . • — ®®S®®®^(s)<S®^^ — ' q
Hp/I^ What PhiQ (if/itpfiii M/isi] S/3v^ %p^^ <«»»
° IlWilU H Hill 1 1113 VllillWlUl lUilill UUIOm •SKSS °
O UNION HOT'PE. Pacramcnto County. Cal. f4t»*F^ HI if ff mlC BCE! * °
O DR. A. T. SANDEN— Sir: The Belt received from you some time agro has proved a Godsend to me. It has done wonders for me and has put my l^Sx *Jf W£^--^^—- "SS O
O wife In better health than she has been for years. She has gained In strenth and feels as good as she could wish. It has completely cured me of weak- V&w" jJfeffiflC T^P.IT<I rt
*T ness, and am strong in every way, and feel as well as. I ever did. The Belt has done what doctors and patent medicines have failed to do, and think it a cheap s lst?.»l§rcSll -«-'j-<lsl>j V
O cure, as I had spent over $200 trying to gel relief for myself and wife. I feel very grateful, for God only knows what I suffered before trying 1 the Belt. I had HMJraH&B O
ft about given up hope, and was Kick and tired of trying different, things with the. same result. I cannot tell you how I feel toward you, but will do all I possibly WMwSt •^jhbS'SS HW" """ " ' O
can to make known the good I have received from your Belt and advice. You can use this letter as you like, and can refer any one to me you wish, and I will ' %®Sg&JT <%\wS X
C easily prove what I say is true. Wishing your Belt the success it deserves, I remain yours very truly, J. "W. YELNIC. M^wsj^ WSJ' *i Ylii^^ \
q ■ — «®*^«'^s€««)is>S«®®»S)®?^^s)® — : • f^^^&^o-^^^ O
I CALL AND SEE THIS BELT. ijEB I
q You can learn all about it in ten minutes. It is simple, but grand: You can test it and feel its power, and when you . \@f Men". ®
O understand it you will want it. You .will know that at last you have found vigor, health and happiness. If you cannot call -'■>, * i !»* O
O send at once for my free book, which is full of candor, full of nature's truths, and will help you. Call or write to-day. v - o
O ■--- ■ - ■■■■••• ■■ ______ '•■'•' - : '"•'■■ ;'; '- ' '" ': ' ' ; - : ' ; -'J ■■■••: ■'■. ' r''-^'-' .-■ .'■ ■-■ ■■ ■ ■■■■-■■■ -■ .- < ■■-■.•■• '■-■'• - ■ ■■• '.•■ O !
° HI? ZX HP" C£ F\ : I%ri"" T YF-r-T\l--' 702 Market Street, not in drug stores. o
o .JL-f_TV«-. *-*• * • C^r^i^A-J'JL^l^, . San Francisco. Dr Sandens^^T Beit is never i %
n Office Hours— B a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Second street; Portland, Or., 253 . Washington street; sold In drug stores nor by traveling O
" - Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main street. , I agents— at our office. ©
O J ■ ■ - ' ■•■ • ■.■• • - - ■■ : -.• "-■ -■■ - . >:■■•• ■■ -..■■ ■.■- v. •-••:j-:» .■. l ;■ .:,-., ;..,-' :■ . ; - ; ■ .... ; - . •' - , ; . . .J./". \ ' .. '. ' .': "■ ■< ■. -• .-■■- " ~ " ■■:•: ;V--%v :>: >- - : r » — ■-- Q |
0000000 000 oo o 0000 o 00000 oo 000 o 0000 oo o 000 oo o 000 0066600 000 00000 000 00000000 03*0 006 00 000 000000006 o
_ , ..... ._ _ ....... - . . ■ . . . • . . ■ ..... ..-■,■■:■•- ,-...•■ ... ■ .;.,... ■ . •-,;.-. -■ .. _ if _i.| irfli l.l|« 1 1 Til 111 i >*t| «— nniillll 1 1 i' }li i. ' ' <f>— >lidt— <lW_>— l_P_»rifcll_^l_h»«> i . '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
out to advertise themselves and not
caring a tinkers' swear word whether
anybody was elected but themselves.
They tried to hide this by goinfe round
in couples, and No. 1 would talk for
No. 2, while No. 2 talked- for No. 1. but
it was practically the same as if each
man had talked for himself.
The meetings were presided over
as. follows: Fourth and Market, Bar
clay Henley, late of Mexico; Fourth
and Mission, H. C. Gaspard; Fifth
and Market, Dr. Washington Dodge;
Fifth and Mission, Franklin K. Lane.
Among the speakers were John P.
Dunn, Hugo K. Asher, L. Gustav
Schroeder, William M. Hlnton, R. P.
Doolan, Finlay Copk, F. K. Lane, John
J. Barrett, William Craig, John F.
Hanlon, Bert M. Schlesinger, Leonard
Stone, Dr. T. B. Leland, Charles Wes
ley* Reid. E. J. Marks, C. F. Kimball, T.
F. Bonnet and other candidates tor the
minor offices.
KNIGHT TALKS IN
GAGE'S MOME CITY
Denies That He Is in the Senatorial
Fight in the Interest of
De Young.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. s.— The oratory
of George A. Knight this evening
aroused the Republicans of Los Angeles
to the .highest pitch of enthusiasm.
Fully 3000 people gathered at Hazard's
Pavilion to listen to the issues of the
campaign as presented by the San
Franciscan, and for fully two hours
they were favored with one of the
ablest addresses delivered here this
I year. " „
When Mr. Knight was introduced he
! received a grand reception. He pro
; ceeded at once to the text of his ad
j dress and during all the time he held
j the platform he wasted no words in
i flowery expressions, but devoted him
.^flf to sound, substantial reasons why
S the Republican party should triumph
! not only in California but in the na
tion. In the early part of his address,
Mr. Knight discussed national politics.
He scored the Democracy for its many
failures in attempting to conduct the
affairs of the nation. The past record
of the Republican party was reviewed
briefly ana he recounted its many tri
umphs in government. Mr. Knight
predicted as to the great future of this
country, now that the policy of terri
torial expansion had been agreed upon,
and said this should be made more cer
tain by keeping in power the able lead
ers of the Republican party. This sen
timent was received with great enthu
siasm.
After the meeting Mr. Knight was
tendered a recep.tion at the Columbia
Club. In an interview Mr. Knight em
phatically denied that he was a candi
date for the United States Senate in
the interest of any one save himself.
Ex-Attorney General A. L. Hart had
made a statement reflecting upon Mr.
Knight's candidacy. Mr. Knight de
sires to meet Mr. Hart, but for fear
he would not he talked rather freely of
him this evening, intimating that Mr.
Hart was lacking in the elements that
go to make up an intellectual giant.
Mr. Knight denied emphatically that
he was in the Senatorial fight in De
Young's interest. He did, however,
speak very highly of Senator Robert
X. Kulla of this county, and said that
he was glad to see that he would re
ceive the full legislative vote of Los
Angeles County as the successor of
White.
John B. Renowden Dead.
SAN JOSE, Nov. s.— John B. Re
nowden. an aged capitalist, died this
evening from the effects of a fall from
a ladder on Friday. He was the brother
of Will A. rtenowden, who %vas mur
dered in his cabin in the Santa Cruz
Mountains fifteen years ago by Jewell
and Showers, whose employer was
Lloyd L. Majors, a Los Gatos saloon
keeper and ex-preacher. Jewell was
hanged in San Jose and Majors in Oak
land. John B. Renowden was his
brother's heir and came here shortly
after the tragedy to take charge of the
property.
Pacific Coast Pensions.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— Pensions
have been granted as follows: Califor
nia—Original, Leonard F. Vaninwagen,
San Francisco, $S; original widow, etc.,
Mary Ellen Allison, San Francisco, $8.
Oregon — Original, Adam Perychbaker,
Prosper, $8; William H. Davidson, Mol
lala, ?<5.
THE CAMPAIGN
COWARD IS
IN EVIDENCE
Orphan Circulars Are
Passed Around.
THEIR EFFECT NULLIFIED
RUMORS OP RESIGNATION ARE
WITHOUT FOUNDATION.
Business Practically Suspended Until
After the Election — Maguire
Disappointed His
Hearers.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 5.
At the eleventh hour the campaign cow
ard is appearing. Hundreds of orphan
circulars are being liberally distributed
bearing no Imprint of where they come
from thus violating the purity of elec
tion law, while at -the same time they do
not disguise their authorship.
■ One of these circulars is evidently aimed
at Judge Allen, the Republican candidate
for District Attorney. It is of such a
childish, weak nature that its insinua
tions do not get beyond the funny stage,
and no one but an idiot would take them
seriously.
Another circular headed "Who Is to
Blame?" nrofesses to deal with some of
the findines of the recent Grand Jury.
It contains some things that the Grand
Jury did say and much that it did not
say. The postscript to this circular says:
"For the first time in the history of Ala
meda County it has been found necessary
to keep a Grand Jury In continuous ses
sion l;or ten months." This palpable false
hood/is typical of the rest of the circu
lar, which is aimed at the Republican
candidates for Supervisors. It was not
"found necessary for a Grand Jury- to
Bit for ten months, and since this view .
of the matter has been circulated this
is the proper time to say that two-thirds
of Alameda County believes that the j
Grand Jury kept itself in session the rl
dlculoiu period of ten months merely for \
the purpose of being in a position to pre
sent a report at a time when it might
affect the chances of certain Republican
candidates for office.
This circular is not signed, bears no
stamp of any printing office, but can only
have come from one source, and, conse
queotly, the next Grand Jury would be !
doing something along the lines for which !
Grand Juries are empaneled and paid if
it undertook to ferret out the responsl- .
bility of such cowardice.
Other reports are to the effect that cer
tain candidates have withdrawn in favor
of other candidates. On the eve of every
election such reports are freely passed ;
around. At present, however, no candi
dates on the official ballots have resigned. ;
and although some of the independent of- !
lice- seekers might as well save the votes
of their friends, they are still in the race.
Business in this city until after the elec- !
tion is practically at a standstill, so com- |
pletely does Alameda County give itself
over to politics in a heated campaign. :
There is no doubt of the success of the !
State ticket in Alameda County, and there j
will no doubt be a good majority from
this side of the bay.
Muefa surprise has been expressed at
the p.-cuiiar attitude of Judge Maguire
in h\a Thursday night's speech at the
Tabernacle. Mr. Maguire said that he In
tended to devote his time to answering |
his critics. A large crowd of peoVle of j
all political faiths attended at the Tab- i
ernacle, expecting that Judge Maguire
would do as he said. To their great sur- j
prise he evaded, as did all the other
speakers, the criticisms recently passed j
upon him by Rev. P. C. Yorke. This si- |
lence on the part of Mr. Maguire has
caused much comment, for Rev. P. C. j
Yorke has certainly been the most out- i
spoken critic of Mr. Maguire during the j
whole of his campaign.
TO HONOR ALL SOULS' DAY.
T'nder the auspices of the Calvarlan
Society All Souls' day will be solemnly
commemorated this afternoon in St.
Mary's Cathedral, commencing at 3
o'clock. This feast occurs annually In
the Catholic church on November 2. It
was instituted centuries ago, it being set
aside as a day of special devotion by
Pope John XVI in the eleventh century-
November itself is known as the
"Month of the Dead." The doctrine of
purgatory rests on Biblical authority.
The wisdom of the docVors of the Cath
olic church has been expended in setting
forth this truth and the reasonableness
of the teaching. It is written, "It is a
holy and wholesome thought to pray for
the dead that they may be loosed from
sins." And again. "That the last farth
ing was exacted by the justice of God"
In the administration of his divine laws
regarding judgment of man. Therefore,
by the aid of prayer is justice appeased
the sooner and the charity of man ex
tended "to his brother even beyond the
grave.
Ex-Court Commissioner Judge Win. G.
Burke is candidate for the office of Police
Judge. All electors, regardless- of party
feeling, should vote for Trim. His number
Is 73. •
CUSHION TEA »
FOR CHARITY
Delightful Fete for the Ben-
efit of the Woman's
Exchange.
Pretty girls, a bewildering array of
cushions, a crush, delightful music, fetch
ing tableaus and artistically ideal sur
roundings were the ingredients tkat made
up the very successful "cushion tea" held
yesterday afternoon and evening at thp
De Young residence for the benefit of
that deserving charity, the Woman's Ex
change.
The cushion tea was the second of Its
■ kind that helped to swell the Exchange
! coffers. Last year's fete netted the so-
I clety $1700, and it is more than probable
1 that yesterday's entertainment will have
: a likewise generous sum placed to its
! credit.
The De Young home, so admirably
adapted for larse gatherings, was gen
erously placed at the disposal of the
patronesses of the exchange, and the vast
drawing-rooms, ballroom, library, dining
hall and Oriental room were thrown open
for the reception of its guests.
In the elegant ballroom, with its wealth
of rare art works, the cushions were
placed on sale, and the ladies in charge
of the tables did a thriving business.
During both the afternoon and evening
the crowd gathered round the cushion
heaped tables, and no persuasion was
found necessary to induce visitors to pur
chase. The raffle table, the fortune-tell
er's booth, the fishpond and the refresh
ment table likewise found many generous
patrons.
An excellently selected and varied pro
gramme of music, literary features and
tableaus was presented both afternoon
and evening on the miniature stage of
the ballroom. In the corridor a stringed
orchestra, under the direction of Henry
Herman, was stationed, and the sweet
tones of the instruments mingled pleas
ingly with the busy hum of conversation.
The programme in full for the afternoon
was as follows:
Carols, choir boye of the Church of the Ad
vent, under the direction of Henry Klrke
Yv'hlte Jr. ; tableau, "The Dirty Boy," Miss
Alma Duffy, Philip Lilienthal Jr.; "Aye
Maria" (Mascagni), Miss Maud Fay. Miss
Helen de Young, harp; Henry Heyman, violin;
Miss Moroney, piano; tableau, "Bubbles,"
Miss Jane Hotallng: kinder symphony (Haydn),
Heleß de Young. Charles de Young, Constance
i!.- Young, Harold Mack, May Lilienthal, Vera
HWmrich, Amy Kahn. Philip Ltlienthal Jr.,
Knthleen de Young; tableau, "Chocolate Me
nier," Miss Kathleen de Young; reading "Lake
Mnhc.pac Saturday Night," Miss Gertrude
Gates; tableau. "A Little Lady," Phyllis, de
Young; Hawaiian music, directed by Miss
Louise Howland.
The following was the evening's pro-
gramme:
Hawaiian music, directed by Hiss Lioulse
Howl And; tableau, "Anarchy," Miss Adelaide
Dibble; "Aye Maria" (Mascagnl), Miss Maud
Kay. Miss Helen de Young, harp; Henry Hey
man, violin; Miss Moroney. piano; tableaux,
three sketches from the Stanford calendar, (a)
"My Little Mayfleld Girl." Miss Carrie Ayer;
(b) "The Good-by Promenade," Miss Grace
Giselman; (c) "Thanksgiving Day," Miss Ger
trude Forman; "Boating" (Gelbel), Ladies'
Choral Club, directed by Mrs. Anna yon Meyer-
Inck; tableau, "After the Carnival," Miss Ma
rie Wells, Fred Greenwood; scherzo galop, "Sei
Tutta Mia" (Telega), Miss Alyce Gates, accom
panied by Roscoe Warren Lucy; tableau,
"America and Cuba," Miss Inilia Scott, Miss
Hi'salLnd Bryant; Mandolin and Guitar Club,
directed by M. Y. Ferror.
To Mrs. Henry Schmiedel, Mrs. Louis
SloM, Mrs John Carrey, Mrs. H. L. Dodge,
- rs. E. S. Breyfoele, Mrs. Alhrrt T. Spotts.
Mrs. R. E. Bunker. Mrs. Sophie Luien
thal, Mrs. N. G. Kittle, Mrs. Samuel
Knight. Mrs. L>ouis Gerstle, Mrs. William
P. Morgan, Mrs. Sands Forman, Miss Jen
nie Blair, Mrs. Samuel D. Mayer, Mrs.
Webster Jones, Mrs. Aflolf and Miss
Grace Unger, Mrs. Mark Gerstle. Mrs.
George A. Knight and Mrs. H. E. Highton
much praise is due for the excellent man
ner in which the affair was managed.
EMPLOYES' INAUGURAL BALL
Of the Pacific Sheet Metal Works at
Seventh and Townsend Streets.
Never before in the history of San
Francisco had there been such a scene
! as that which took place last night at
the corner of Seventh and Townsend
streets. A apace 275x275 feet was coy-
I ered by one roof, beneath which gath
! ered more than 3000 people. There were
two bands of music and fully 150 couples
at one time engaged in dancing. In an
I aujoining room were seventeen tables,
j seventy-five feet long, laden down with
i all of the choice viands produced in Cali
fornia, and with a bevy of beautiful
young ladies acting as waitresses.
The occasion of this unique entertain
ment was that the employes of the Pa
citic Sheet Metal Works had undertaken
to celebrate the opening of one of San
j Francisco's great manufacturing estab
i lishmc-nts, where over 500 men, boys and
girls will find employment. The week's
payroll at the close of yesterday's work
was 54000, all distributed to white labor,
as in this establishment no Chinese will
find employment.
During the evening Henry S. Martin.
Republican candidate for Sheriff; C. S.
Laumeister, prospective Railroad Commis
sioner, and Police Judge Low were cheer
fully accorded a greeting. Ex-Judge A.
A. Sanderson and many more distin
guished citizens were visitors.
This newly established industry is run
by electricity, every wheel and lamp re
ceiving its power and light from the dy
namos in the building. Th<> superiruend
i ent Is John Lee Jr., whose father was the
founder of this • branch of manufacture
in San Francisco. The present works are
incorporated by a joint company having
a long l^ase on premises owned by the
i Fair estate. Sydney M. Smith is the pres
; ident of the company.
For the success of last nigh: s great
; fete the credit must be given to the fol-
General committee, E. Lee, W. F. Da-
I vis, R. Y. Hubbard. H. W. Bowley, K.
M. Harden, D. L. McDonald, J. E. \an
! Amringe. L. F. GoMer. W. J- Miller,
' Jam^s Black, Ed V\ alcott. Henry \\ le
gand, James Palmer, Chris Gorman.
James Griffin James Storms, Frank
j Campbell. John T. Delaney, W. Evans,
Charles Darling, Robert Dugan, H.
Weale, Ben Walters, Seth Armstrong and
George Waleott; floor manager, William
T. Miller; assistant floor manager, John
i T. Delaney; floor committee, James Grif
! fin, James Palmer, Frank Campbell,
Henry Wiegand, Bert Walters and
Charles Darling; reception committee,
Edward Lee, R. T. Hubbard, L. F. Golder.
H. W. Bowley. Chris Gorman and James
Storms; refreshment committee, Ed Wal
eott, Robert Dugan, James Black and
George Wa!cott; ladies' committee, Katie
Riley, Rose Stanley. Annie Connolly. Liz
zie Kelly, Annie Dowling, Phileta Riley,
Annie O'Connor, Margaret Murray, Annie
Lahey and May Maguire.
FRENCH CHURCH LOOTED
BY SPANISH AUTHORITIES
One Party Headed by an English
Officer Who Was Searching for
Illicit Spirits.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
SINGAPORE, Nov. s.— The French
church near Bangkok was pillaged by
Siamese police and soldiers, who were
making search for illicit spirits on
September 19 and 20. One expedition
was headed by a British officer in the
Siamese service. The tabernacle was
broken by a bayonet and the sacra
ment, crucifix, picture?, ornaments and
furniture^ were smashed. Doors were
forced and the bedroom of the French
missionary was entered forcibly. The
Siamese refuse to apologize and have
stopped cablegrams. There is disorder
in Bangkok and the provinces and the
situation is grave. It is reported in
official circles that the French would
be given a free hand in Siam if they
would evacuate Fashoda.
Crane-Buckley Suit Decided.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. s.— Judge Well
born of the United States District Court
this afternoon delivered his opinion in the
case of Henry A. Crane vs. C. F. Buckley
et al. The case involves nearly 6000 acres
of land in Tulare County, valued at $70,
000. The judgment and findings were for
the plaintiff. The complaint alleges tnat
the defendants had agreed to purchase
of plaintiff the lands described, together
with water rights and ditches. The de
fendants defaulted in t"heir payments,
making hut two payments of $i>ooo each.
Suit was brought to foreclose the contract
and oust the defendants from possession
of the property.
Death of David A. Wells.
NORWICH, Conn., Nov. s.— David A.
Wells, the economist, died at 3:50 o'clock
this afternoon.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Citizens'
i
Non-Partisan
Ticket.
Voting No.
Mayor JAMES D. PHELAN.. 8
Auditor ASA R. WELLS.. 7
Sheriff THEO. F. BONNET.. 18
Assessor JOHN D. SIEBE.. 11
County Clerk JOHN A. BROWN.. 23
Treasurer I. J- TRUMAN.. «3
Tax Collector JAMES N. BLOCK.. 17
Surveyor BERNARD BIENENFELD.. 48
Recorder MICHAEL MEAGHER.. 87
Superintendent of Streets
RICHARD P. DOOLAN.. 62
i Coroner DR. W. J. HAWKINS.. 38
Public Administrator
JOHN A. DRINKHOUSE.. 43
District Attorney. .BARCLAY HENLEY.. 88
City and County Attorney
FRANKLIN K. LANE.. 87
Superintendent of Public Schools
R. H. WEBSTER.. 69
Judge of the Superior Court.. ..» »».....
. W. T. WALLACE-.. 68
Judge of the Superior Court. —
...JAMES M. TROUTT.. «
Judge of the Superior Court
JAMES M, SEAWELL.. 8*
Judge of the Superior Court *
RHODES BORDEN.. 80
Judge of the Polio* Court. CHAS. A. LOW.. 71
Judge of the Police Court
WILLIAM G. BURKE.. 78
■ - ■
Judge of the Police Court
H. L. JOACHIMSEN.. 77
Judge of the Police Court.
..FINLAY COOK.. 79
Justice of the Peaoa
 GEORGE H. CABANISS.. 87
Justice of the Peace.. THOMAS F. DUNN.. M
Justice of the Peace
FRANK H. KERRIGAN.. 83
Justice of the Peace.. ALFRED J. FRITZ.. 91
Justice at the Peace
HULL McCLAUGHRY.. M
Supervisor of the First Ward
EDWARD HOLLAND.. 103
Supervisor of the Second Ward
STEWART MENZIES.. 108
Supervisor of the Third Ward
LOUS DE- F. BARTLETT.. 110
Supervisor of the Fourth Ward
OSGOOD PUTNAM.. 118
Supervisor of the Fifth Ward
• ....... .I3IDOR GUTTE.. 11»
Supervisor of the Sixth Ward
JOHN LACKMAN.. 123
Supervisor of the Seventh Ward.............
L. F. BYINGTON.. lit
Supervisor of the Eighth Ward
JULIUS PLATSHEK.. fIU
Supervisor of the Ninth Ward
ALBERT HEYER.. US
Supervisor of the Tenth Ward
JEREMIAH DEASY.. 133
Supervisor of the Eleventh Ward
*" ....DR. C. A. CLINTON.. 143
Supervisor of the Twelfth Ward..............
~....P. F. BUTLER.. 147
School Director BENJAMIN ARMKR.. 150
School Director... .CHARLES P. EELLS« 184
School Director TIMOTHY J. LYONS.. 175
School Director ALFRED EICHLER.. 165
School Director ..H. U. BRANDENSTEIN.. 155
School Director... WlLLlAM M. CANNON.. 158
School . .VANDERLYNN STOW.. IS6
School Director H. M. HOLBROOK.. 170 :
School Director. .. W. G. STAFFORD.. 185
School Director ...EDWIN L. HEAD.. 168 ■
School Director P. A. BERGEROT.. 153
School Director .JAMES M. THOMAS.. 188.
State.
„ Ticket No.
State Board of Equalization. First District
..(Indorsed) JOHN P. DUNN.. «4 ,
CAMPAIGN COMMITTEB,
By GEO. K. FITCH. Chairman.
I. T. MILLIKEN. Secretary. _
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
i» mai/LA m
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON'F ARTISAN
NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
RIGOLAR- /DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE.
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT).
r.ErTTSIjICAN. NON-PARTISAN AIT 3 POP.
ULIST NOMINEE.
MODES BORDEN
UXCUMBK.NT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
■ ••■■■■.:?. PLJE'S PARTY NOMINEE. \ ■■.-■-:■"■
FOR AUDITOR. . .
JOHN H. GRADY
regular DEMOCRATIC A: :D people's
';:•:. party NOMINEE. mmOAKLAND DOES HONOR
TO REPUBLICANISM
Alliance Might One of the Greatest Demon
strations in the History of
the City.
A Brilliant Parade and Meeting, With Speeches by
Victor H. Hetcalf, Senator Perkins and George
C. Pardee, Practically Closes the
Campaign.
OAKLAND, Nov. s.— The Republican
campaign In this city was practically
wound up to-night. The alliance had
charge of the proceedings and the enthu
siasm of "Alliance night" was second
only to the outburst of popular fervor
that aroused this county on the evening
prior to the day on which William Mc-
Kinley was elected.
To-night was one of those gßfcuioe Re
publican times for which this county of
Republican majorities is famous. For a
lons time before the parade left the
Athenian Club there were crowds on the
streets and In the Macdonough Theater,
and the general interest exceeded that
shown at any political demonstration in
this campaign.
The Republican Alliance and the Young
Men's Republican League in uniform fol
lowed the> carriages, in which were Sen
ator Perkins, Hon. Victor 11. Metcalf,
Hon. George C. Pardee and Mayor
Thomas. The league acted as escort to
Dewey Camp, Army and Navy Republi
can League This camp of veterans
turned out strong and each of the mem
bers carried a large American flag. Tho
Oakland Camp, the parent organization,
would also have been in line, but it is
preparing for a grand demonstration at
the Exposition building next Monday
night. All along the line of march the
scene was one of life and brilliancy. Tin?
flambeaus of the uniformed clubs were
. ually belching forth tongues of
flame that stretched clear across the
street. While passing The Call office the
parade was continuously illumined with
red fire and pyrotechnics, and Broadway
never looked gayesr.
The theater was packed from gallery to
orchestra. Had it been larger it could
not have held the throng that sought ad
mission. It was an intelligent audience,
such as any orator might be proun to ad
dress. A goodly proportion of it was com
posed of ladles, and eagerly they joined
In the applause whenever any opportu
nity or an excuse for one arose to cheer
the speakers.
The appearance on the platform of
Dr. George C. Pardee is always the sig
nal for applause in Alameda County, and
especially has this been tr.e case since he
so thoroughly demonstrated his manhood
end loyalty to the party at the B
mento convention. Dr. Pardee presided,
and his forceful little speech of introduc
tion loft no doubt as to i.:s conception oi"
true Republicanism — to su^ort the whole
ticket and to support it with all possible
energy and integrity.
< ' iorge C. Perkins interested
the big audience with some political ideas
from the places where the nation does
business and which are not matters of
every day conversation among the poli
ticians whose sphere of action is con
to the State.
Hon. Victor Metcalf's speech was of
marked Interest. He clearly outlined the
course he will pursue in the next Con
gress, and his earnest words carried
weight. His speech presented a marked
contrast to that delivered Thursday night
by his opponent, who talked loud and
long, but said nothing. Mr. Metcalf's sen
tences carried conviction with them, arid
the reception accorded him was a positive
testimony to his popularity.
"I am proud to preside at a meeting,"
paid Dr. Pardee, in introducing the first
speaker, "at which one of the principal
speakers will be the next Congressman
from this district. I take pleasure in in
troducing to you Victor H. Metcalf."
As Mr. Metcalf stepped forward he was
greeted with a perfect ovation. He. said
in p.irt:
Many things which I had in mind to say
to you to-night have been much better
said by our friend and distinguished fel
low-townsman who has ju3t addressed
you. They have not only been better said,
but his words, coming from a wide ex
perience and a ripened wisdom, have car
ried far more weight than could any
feeble utterances of my own. Sitting here
and looking out upon this audience, I J
have rejoiced to see the keen appreciation
with which you have received his points,
and have been delighted to note the swift
conviction which his truthful and eloquent
station has carried.
OE GREAT BENEFIT
TO CALIFORNIA.
We have come to the end of a political
campaign which, whatever it may have
lacked in other respects, has carried its
full mea3ure of acrimony and" vitupera
tion, and it may not be unprofitable here
and now to review the campaign, consider
its lessons and mark its results.
This is what is known in national poli
GBAPE-NUTS. _____
§> NATURE'S ||
% FOLLOWED jk
In making
Pre-di^ested
% Grape-Nuts -j|
|E The delicious food. jj
gir , ■■ - ■ • '
fcTABCH CHANGED
Into Grape Sugar as Natura
Does It. *
;■' :■■.-■■■.
Starch (a Carbo-hydrate) Is passed
out of the stomach into the duodenum
or second stomach ami there treated
by the pancreatic juices, when in time
a microscopic fungi is grown from, a
part of the grain (if that has been
eaten), and these elements with mois-
ture, heat and time ' transform the
starch Into grape sugar, which is the
first act of digestion.
The processes are duplicated in an
artificial or mechanical way In the
manufacture of Grape-Nuts, the . new
breakfast food made by the Postum
Cereal Co., JLim., of Battle Creek,
Mich.
In this food one finds the delicate,
sweet taste of grape sugar and when
eaten it will be found to quickly digest
and fatten and strengthen entire
body. 'i
tics as an "off year," and by that we un
derstand a non-Presidential year, in which
the party out of power hopes, by taking
advantage of the mistakes of the domi
nant party, by gathering to itself the dis
appointed and disaffected, to elect enough
Senators and Congressmen to control the
rive branch of our Government. An
ar is ti'.' j hope of our opponents. And
it. is about the only hope they have leit.
But while in national politics this is an
off year, in California the election takes
on a vastly greater importance from the
fact that we also choose a full State
ticket and a Legislature which Will select
a United States Senator as junior to our
eminent neighbor. Two years from now
a President must be elected, and whether
California's vote will be found, in the Ke
publlcan column will depend in no small
c upon the result of the present
>n For the power wielded in na
tional elections by State administrations
is tremendous. Had Estee and not Budd
been Governor of this State two years ago
rnia would never have been reck
oned in the doubtful list, and a ma
of 10,000 or 15.0O" instead of a paltry 1000
wouid have been rolled up for our hon
or-. i leader, William McKinley.
These considerations, then, are before
the voter, and when he regards the prob
lems v war has left us, new ques
tions of colonial government and of se
curity in Cuba, which we guarantee; tne
ever-existing and ever-important question
of the taril ated now by the war
tax- the still agitated Questions of
Jlnancp; the necessary reorganization and
increase of our army and navy— it will be
brought home to him that the casting of
Hot is a mptter of morn serious con
than ever it has been since
the Civil War.
THE TWO PARTIES
COMPARED.
"What light, then, upon these and other
questions of only less importance has this
campaign shed? At the end Of all this
destruction of tons of paper and barrels
oj. printers' ink; after all the shouting
of the orators and the scurrility of the
cartoonists, where do we stand? The
Republican party stands where always it
stands— in the open, true to Its proud
history and fighting for the principles
which it believes to be the rock and the
foundation upon which our republic must
rest And upon the other side what?
Not the Democratic party which we have
known, respected and admired in the
past; respected and admired as a great
and worthy opponent, a noble foe, hold
ing to principles which we believe mis
taken, but holding to them manfully,
strenuously and forthrightiy; no, not the
Democratic party. But an amazing ag
gregation, coalition and combination oL
men led by one who but a short time ago
solemnly repudiated that Democratic
party as unclean and unworthy.
And how was this combination formed?
By a meeting of men holding common
political views, who selected the most
able of their number to expound and ad
vocate their cherished principles of gov
ernment? Oh, no! But by a conlerenc-e
committee composed of men holding di
vergent and antagonistic views upon all
matters save one. There were single
taxationists and plural taxationists;
there were silver men and fiat money men
and men with whom any kind of money
went; men who knew that the only way
to secure permanency in our institutions
was to confiscate the farmers' land, and
men who pooh-poohed this as visionary
and subversive, but were profoundly con
vinced that the salvation of the Ration
lay in buying all the silver in the world
at a dollar an ounce when it is worth
only 50 cents an ounce. There were all
these and mere- And if there were no
nihilists among them (or, 1 beg pardon,
perhaps they should be called by the title
Judge Maguire has conferred upon them,
the Democrats of Russia), if then there
were no Russian Democrats among them,
it was probably because those who have
honored California with their presence,
in their love for personal freedom and m
their desire to keep out of the hang
man's grasp, are lying pretty close since
the atrocious Webber murders in Sacra-
These men met and did what? Agreed
upon certain principles of government.'
Why they would have been as much as
tonished at the idea ,as was Art cm us
Ward the showman, who was visited by
a committee. "They ast me," says Ar
temus, "what wus my prinserpuls. And
1 replyd. 'I ain't got none— nary a prin
serpul. I'm in the show bizness.' ' So
with these men. But one idea they held
in common; the idea that they wanted
the spoils of ofilce. And for the accom
plishment of their design they solemnly
agreed upon an equitable division of
plunder, chose their chiefs and started on
the warpath.
PL PARTY WITHOUT
PRINCIPLES.
Such a combination formed for such a
purpose cannot be called a political party.
To the stability of our Institutions and to
the healthful development of our national
life it is essential that there should be
great political parties, differing in their
Ideas as to the best mode of conducting
state affairs. Through discussion and the
consideration of different views, all look-
Ing to the common end of the nation
welfare, the truth is brought to light and
adopted. Each party, too. becomes a
check upon the corruption ana self
aggrandizement of the other. And in the
very struggle between two great national
parties, each ardently striving to con
vince the people that Its views of gov
ernment are sound, both are strength
ened and purified. But Jno man ever
pained physical strength by wrestling
with a pigmy, nor intellectual eminence
by arguing with an idiot. .
And so I say In this campaign it is
lamentable even from a Republican
standpoint to see the great Democratic
party of the past, great even in its errors,
disrupted and torn, its principles cast to
the winds and Its present leaders engaged
in a squalid scramble lor the pennies of
office It ! am wrong in this, let them
Drove it by naming one issue upon which
they have gone before the people. Is It
the single tax? Their standard bearer
holds the belief that the adoption of that
system would be a panacea tor ail politi
cal ills, and the platform of one of the
conglomerate parties calls for its adoption
in all the counties of the State. Yet when
challenged to stand upon that ground that
same standard bearer promptly takes to
timber and says it is not an issue and is
not tofht considered in this campaign.
Is it the funding bill? That question, by
the declaration of that distinguished Dem
ocratic United States Senator who helped
to frame It, has been finally diapoi of
«n 4hat the United States will get every
dollar of principal and interest or the
debt due. or the mortgage will.be fore
closed The measure was approved by
Republicans and Democrats alike. Both
Senator Perkins and Senator White were
stalwart opponents of the funding bill,
vet both voted for the Morgan measure.
Ytiflee MaKUire, as Governor of the State,
could^ not Exercise the slightest influence
?n -national legislation upon the railroad
oVs*on Judge Maguiro as Congress
man from the Fourth district could wield
at&ghty power. Why, then, if the fund-
Question is still a live issue, has Judge
Mlttuire left the only place where he
coufd serve the people? Surely not'- for
£?£ of office I would not hear hi,,ene
mfpß L, "that. But ■ because he knows
IS ft S-nat- Morgan. : Perkins and White
speak : the truth. ° There is no longer such
a Vi? U the unlimited coinage of silver at
the ratio of sixteen ■to one? So say the
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
IS SINGLE TAX AN ISSUE?
HENRY T. GAGE REPLIES IN DIRECT AND POSITIVE STYLE.
Q._Do you consider the single-tax question an issue in this campaign?
A.— Certainly I consider it an issue, and it is an issue.
q if elected Governor will you use your best endeavors to have
single tax embodied in the constitution and laws of this State ?
A,— No ; and I will use all the influence and power I possess to pre
vent the embodiment of such a law in the constitution and laws of the State.
Silver Republicans; but the Populists j
want greenbacks or any old money, and |
the other member of the triumvirate does
not dare whisper upon the matter for
fear of. estranging some sound money
Democrat who might otherwise ■ absent
mindedly mark his ballot in their favor.
GREAT IS PHELAN'S
SU/AY.
But we are a boss-ridden party, they
,say. It may be asked what concern it
is of our opponents how we conduct our
party affairs. But aside from that then
here is the situation: The Republican
party which in State, county and munici
pal affairs always holds an open primary
at which every member may and is invit
ed to vote is to have the rod of cor
rection laid upon its back by men .who
countenance Mayor Phelan and his com
mittee of 100, whose proud boast it is that
they are holier than their party, and that
its members cannot be trusted with the
ballot. If the gods don't laugh at the
spectacle, then all I can say is that the
gods are lamentably lacking in a sense
: of humor.
Is it the acquisition of foreign territory?
Hawaii now is a part of us. Judge Jla
guire voted against annexation. His plat
; form is silent upon the question; but no
! less silent than he is himself. They pro
test at the challenge. No, no! Annexa
; tion is not an issue.
What issue is left? The Republican ad
ministration and its conduct of the war?
May, but there too they refuse to stand.
; Their very platform approves the conduct
lof the war. Yet note the inconsistency,
i the lack of principle, the vote-catching
claptrap of the whole machine. Judge
Matruire voted against the bill to raise the
necessary revenue for the prosecution of
that war, and Mr. Barry, who with Judge
Magutre's approval seeks to succeed him
as Representative to .Congress from mo
I Fourth District, publicly, in his paper,
approved the Spanish Minister De Lome s
characterization of our honored President
:as a pothouse politician, truckling for
votes. Nor were these exceptional in
stances. You will all remember how presi
! dent McKinley has been treated by the
Democratic press during the history-malt
' ing days that have passed. Before war
I was declared no abuse was too vile for
them to heap upon him. They went so far
as to taunt him with personal cowardice
and to charge that his course was dictat
ed by craven fear. They would not see,
as all fair-minded men did see, that tne
President's delay arose from a great and
courageous patience, a patience which en*
I dured in scornful silence th.c calumnies of
1 his enemies, and awaited his time. It was
a delay in the cause of humanity, a delay
prompted by the Christian hope thar tne
last resort to the sword might be avoided.
! It was a delay by one who himself had
! faced death fearlessly upon a dozen bat
i tle-fields, who knew the horrors of war
and who realized to the full that tne
I glory of victory can never soothe or still
the moan of suffering, the wailing of
children, the anguish of women.
NOT /\ POLITICAL
VA//\R.
Thrn came the declaration of war— a
'■ war to be waged not for conquest nor
military glory but to aid the cause or suf
fering humanity In its struggle for llDerty.
An.l again are the ears of the nation
. i by the voices of these howling
dervishes reviling our honored Pres
He is weak, they say; he is vacillating;
: he is timid; he is afraid of a pitched bat
■ Tie either upon Bea or land. And the an-
Bwer came so swiftly as to choke and si
lence his maligners. The intrepid Dewey
in one fierce encounter piled the am
Montljo upon the I <-ach, a lot of I
seVess .-junk. Shafter made his hur
ricane campaign against Santiago, mem
• by the testimony of all teurnpean
Lry experts as one of the greatest
campaigns of ti:< j century: and Ban
! and Sohley so entertained Oervera that
us able to say to Montijo: "Sir, yours
> is not the only squadron on the beach.'
So were silenced our President's de
trai tors, and they w< re forced at last to
■ voice their approval of his conduct of the
then the end. The first overtures
from Spain found our great President
; willing to treat for peace.
"No lust of power
! Led him to lengthen out the battle hour."
And now these peace negotiations are
■ under way, and if a peace la reached it
( will be one honorable to our country and
magnanimous to Spain, for our great war
leader will show himself as plentt-ous in
1 mercy as he has been terrible in wrath.
But they say we are claiming a falsa
en dlt upon account of the war— it was
not a Republican war. The necusation
Is itself an exposure of the littleni
1 their minds. God knows we make no such
claim and God forbid that such a claim
1 should ever be made. What matters the
! politics of the gallant tars who fought
'the heavy guns^naked, in the deadly trop
! ics and with the shock of battle endured
1 the heat of hell for the honor of our
country! What matters the politics of the
; dashing soldier lads who in Cuba and Ma
with all the hazards of strife, un
' complainingly faced the wasting fevers
( and devastating diseases of new and un
i accustomed climes. The Republican par
' tv asks not whether they be Republicans
or Democrats or Populists, it honors them
1 all For tnev, whatever may be the an
; cestral blood in their veins, whatever
' may be the color of their skins, whatever
; may be their political beliefs, they are
! our brothers— Americans all— righting for
! one common heritage, our beloved coun-
try.
But there are others who seek your
suffrages, Into Whose public conduct dur
ing these stirring days we have the rierht
to look. And, looking, you find men who
sought to embarrass the administration
at home by opposing the war revenue
measure and the war bond measure, and
others who, more venomous still, sought
to weaken the power of the administra
tion abroad, and to encourage our foe,
by public accusations against our Presi
dent of vacillation, incompetency and
cowardice. Into the political standing of
these men we have the right to inquire.
And as we scan the list we find them one
and all to be Populists and Maguire Dem
ocrats headed by Judge Maguire himself,
who voted against these necessary war
measures and against Hawaiian annexa
tion, and, assisted by Mr. Barry, who
said that De Lome's only fault In charac
terizing our President as a pothouse pol
itician was that he spoke the truth too
plainly for diplomacy. In all that list of
obstructionists, detractioners and mallgn
ers the name of only one Republican will
be 'found. And for this reason and in this
sense the war was a Republican war.
THE OLD RAILROAD
CRY.
Will you who think this war to have been
dictated by the calls of suffering human
ity who hold with me that it has been
conducted with a wise and moderate
statesmanship, who see that it has left for
solution governmental problems of vast
importance.will you continue in power the
Darty at whose head is the man whose
profound skill and judgment in the past
has silenced his enemies and evoked the
admiration of the. word, or will you dis
credit him, his administration and his
Dartv for the sake of those whose po
litical principles and whose claim upon
your consideration may both be put into
a. single sentence: "We want office, and
we want it bad!" ,'■ ; .
But there is at least one other cry, and
it should be noticed. It is that the rail
road is with the Republican party, and,
therefore, it ought to be beaten. Let us
take the assertion at its worst or at its
best and see what it means. For there
is 'no use in denial. If the angel Gabriel
came down and accepted a nomination
upon the Republican .ticket they would
still yell "Railroad." The power of a
railroad to aid or injure a party at an
election is just exactly, the same as the
power of any other employer of men.
It depends upon the extent to which the
employer can influence or coerce his em
ployes Without its employes the rail
road has but the half dozen votes of its
officers and directors. We have in this
State the inestimable security of the se
cret ballot, and every voter who steps into
the booth is absolutely free to vote as his
preferences dictate. What, then, is the
railroad cry raised by our opponents, either
it is meaningless because every one of; the
railroad's employes - will vote as he . sees
fit and nobody will be the wiser, or. if it
has any meaning, that meaning -: carries
with it a degrading insult to the engi- 1
neers, firemen, trainmen, telegraph opera
tors, station agents and yardmen — to all
the employes of that great company.
For it means that the fusion party
charges that these intelligent men will
sacrifice their manhood, throw away their
right as independent electors and do the
servile bidding of the railroad offlrers. It
means that our opponents think so vilely
of these men that they believe they can
be lashed to the polls and voted like
sheep. They may think so. I do not. I
believe they will vote, as every honest
man should vote, the ticket which he be
lieves will better his own condition and
advance the welfare of the State. How
they will vote they and the Lord only
know. But if any considerable number
of them vote the Republican ticket it will
be first, because with intelligent discern
ment they see that it is the party which
promises 'stability and security, and sec?
ond, as a rebuke to those who hold them
so cheap and think of them so vilely.
THE F»EOF»LE MUST
DECIDE.
We have then upon the one side the
Republican party holding unalterably to
two cardinal principles. The one, pro
tection to American industries. For by
that protection the laborer is secured In
steady employment at wages ruling far
higher than those of other countries. For
the Republican party holds to the solemn
words of the Bible, "He that taketh away
his neighbor's living slayeui him; and he
that dtfraudeth the laborer of his hire is
a siieclder of blood."
The other— that the monetary standard
should forever remain the best, truest
;vnd least fluctuating standard which the
wisdom and experience of the age 3 have
demonstrated— the gold standard. And we
say more than that. We say that this
financial agitation is foreign to the
sphere of politics and is a danger to the
prosperity of the country. As well might
Mr. Bryan and his kind fix the price of
wheat by law, as arbitrarily and without
regard to • market values try to fix the
price of silver in terms of gold. But so
long as our mistaken adversaries con
tinue to force this agitation and foist this
issue so long will the Republican party
be found upholding the honor and integ
rity of the nation in the rleld of finance
as "ever she has done on the field of bat
6f the new and numerous questions
which the war has presented, with whom
shall the solution be left? With the Re
publican party, of glorious history in the
past of splendid performance in the
present and of magnificent promise for
the future: or with this hardy band of
political workers, with no past, no pres
ent and no promise for the future, whose
sole watchword and battle cry is, "A
public office is a private snap."
Surely this has been an extraordinary
campaign through which we have just
passed. We have gone out to meet men
and found shadows. We have askpd for
arguments and have met with scurnle
abuse. Against Ofl has been waged a
Chinese warfare. There has been much
dust the loud boating of many tom-toms
an! the hurling of many stinkpots. And
through it all the design has been ap
narr-nt—to darken counsel and obscure
reason. But what has it amounted to?
U has been ".% tale told by an idiot: full
of sound and fury, signifying nothing."
Shall our great war President and his ad
ministration he discredited by such? Tt
Is f i.r you on next Tuesday to answer
the question.
When the applause had subsided Dr.
Pardee arose and turnine to the next
said:
"Senator Perkins, the people of Califor
nia are always glad to have you ap
pear before them, and to-night they are
ready to hear you, in your own home,
spoi'k on the principles of the Republi
can party and the issues of the cam
paign."
Senator Perkins was warmly applaud
ed. He first pointed out the universal de
sire of all parties for good laws and con
servative government, in the accomplish
ment of which the Republican party had
proved Itself of the highest superiority.
He admonished the young men who vote
for the first time to consider the step as
a religious duty and to consider well this
privilege that the crowned heads of Eu
ropean sovereignty may envy.
"The Democrats do hot refer to their
record, and I do not blame them," said
Senator Perkins.
"But with the Republican party, how
different Only a short while ago the
farmers were Idle, the mills were closed
and confidence was lost. Those who had
money in banks drew it out and burled
It in the earth. We were running be
hind. But the people In their majesty
said they wanted a legislative change, so
we elected President William McKinley.
Then there was a change. You could feei
It in the atmosphere. Confidence was re
stored, and men looked ahead to good
times generally."
The speaker next pointed out briefly In
what particulars McKinley's administra
tion had been specially beneficial to Cali
fornia, and he gave an account of his
own stewardship as Senator. "I never
want to live long enough to betray any
trust that you good people have confided
1 said he. He described the ad
vantages of the Dingley bill, without the
passage of which there would not to-day
be operated in this country a sugar fac
tory.
"Under that bill sugar factories were
erected at Salinas. San Bernardino and
other places, and what does it mean? It
means so much money distributed among
the people of California. Salinas turns
out 4000 tons of sugar beets per day, and
the others 11,000 tons. It means $SB,OOO
a day distributed among the people of
a sugar campaign of five or six months.
Last year the United States paid out
$100,000,000 for foreign sugar, and the Re
publican party believed in keeping this
money at home."
The speaker touched upon the question
of the free coinage of silver, the railroad
and the funding bill, and finally urged
that every one vote at this election to
place in office a Republican Legislature
and a Republican Congress to support
the grand and patriotic administration of
President McKinley.
As he spoke of Dewey's victory, Major
E. A. Sherman presented Senator Perkins
with a Spanish flag taken from a ship
sunk by Dewey at Manila, which he re
cefved from E. L. Thompson, an Oakland
boy who is with Company B of the Sec
ond Oregon Volunteers.
MAY TRIP UP ON
THE SCHOOL DIRECTORS
REPUBLICANS WARNED TO VOTE
FOR ONLY TWELVE.
Two Citizens' Republican Nominees
Slipped Into the List May
Cause Trouble.
The Republican nominees for School
Directors are in danger of losing- many
votes cast for them unless great care is
exercised by voters in marking their bal
lots. It has been discovered on the sam
ple ballots just issued that there are ap
parently fourteen Republican nominees
for the office of School Director, "where
there should only be twelve.
The apparent error arises from the fact
that two of the Citizens' Republican nom
inees, C. F. Buckley and Henry H. Bur
fiend,' are so placed on the ballot as to
make them appear to be Republican nom
inees and any voter hastily running down
the list and not noting the word "Citi
zens' " will naturally include these two
men in his list of Republican candidates,
JAMES G. MAGUIRE STUMBLES AND RESORTS TO EVASION.
q. Do you consider the single-tax question an issue in this campaign?
A— No.
q if elected Governor will you use your best endeavors to have
the single tax embodied in the constitution and laws of this State?
A.— lf elected Governor I should endeavor to carry out the laws of the
State. I will not answer yes or no to your last question.
and thus vote for fourteen instead of i
twelve nominees. This would invalidate \
the vote for School Director.
In preparing the ballot-sheets the words
"Citizens' Republican" appear in exactly
the same-sized type as the word "Repub
lican," and being ranged one under the
other have a remarkably similar appear
ance. Voters are warned to look out for
the two names of Buckley and Burfiend
and not vote for them if they wish to
vote the Republican ticket.
The matter was brought to the atten
tion of The Call yesterday by a citizen
who had manced his sample ballot with j
the names of the candidates for whom •
he intended to vote, all of them being
presumably the Republican candidates. |
Subsequently, in counting over the list,
he found that he had checked off two
names too many, and on further investl- i
gation discovered that the two Citizens' j
Republican candidates were included. He
at once came to The Call office with his i
marked ballot and called attention to the
discrepancy into which he had been led.
Registrar Biggy has arranged for the
members of the Grand Jury to put in |
next Tuesday evening in riding around in
carriages from one voting place to an
other, inspecting the count as it pro
gresses. The Registrar will send the car
riages after the jurymen at 6 p. m.
The Grand Jury will spend the day of i
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Treatment of Invalids at tSie
Fleckenstein Medical Institute.
The many excellent advantages now offered the sick, Catarrh of the various organs,
Asthma, Deafness and all Chronic diseases, treated and cnred without the usual hardship
in the matter of fees.
The total expense of treatment at the Fleckenstein Medical Institute is limited in all
'cases and to office and mail patients alike, whatever the ailment or infirmity, to the
nominal assessment of $5,00 a month, all medicines and appliances included, until cured,
"My miseries are over n . w," said Mr. E. R. lj|j|i 'j
Ormsby, the senior member of the firm of E. R. |\
Ormsby & Co., printers and engravers at 579 A k
Mission st. "The horrible Catarrh of the head, |\ fM
nose and throat that I suffered from for five years |i®&!y^a^*- - . -
was all cured up by the treatment they gave me
at the Fieckenstein Medical Institute. But before that I had undergone misery
enough for a lifetime. My nostrils were closed, my throat was always in a state
of feverish soreness, and besides the incessant hawking and spitting and the
constant use of the handkerchief, I suffered greatly from catarrhal headache.
When at the office 1 would disgust customers with my constant endeavor to clear
my nose and throat, and when at dinner would often have to leave the table to
spit out the corruption which was constantly dropping down into my throat. But
Dr. Fleckenstein cured me, and that ended the whole trouble."
To enable many afflicted persons to get a correct conception of the real nature of their malady the following
almost unvarying symptoms are presented:
CATARRH OF HEAD and THROAT
The head and throat become diseased from
neglected colds causing Catarrh when the con-
dition of the blood predisposes to this condition.
"I* the voice husky?"
"Do you spit up slime?"
"Do you ache all over?"
"Do you snoro at night?"
"Do you blow out scabs at night?'
"Is your nose stopped up?"
"Does your nose discharge?"
"Does the nose bleed easily?
"Is this worse toward night?"
"Dcps th« nose itch and burn?"
"Is there pain in front of head?'
"Is there pain across the eyes?"
"Is there tickling In the throat? f>
your sense of smell leaving?'
"Do you hawk to clear the throat?
"Is the throat dry In the morning?'
"Are you losing your sense of taste?
"Do you sle-^p with your mouth open? t>
"Does your nose stop up toward night?"
CATARRH OF THE
BRONCHIAL TUBES.
This condition often results from Catarrh ex-
tending from the head and throat, and If left
unchecked, extends down the windpipe Into the
bronchial tubes, and in time attacks the lungs.
"Have you a cough ?"_
'Are you losing flesh?
"Do you cough at night r
"Have you a pain In side? >
"Do you take cold easily?^
"Is your appetite variable?
"Have you stitches in side?"
"Do you cough until you gaK? t
"Do you raise frothy material?'
"Do you cough on going to bed?
"Do you cough In the morning?
"Are you low-spirited at times T
••Do you spit up yellow matter?"
"Is your cough ghort and hacking?
__________—_—--———————- *
HOME TREATMENT BY MAIL.
Patients who live at a distance can be treated with perfect success by the aid of Dr. Fleck-
enstein's Symptom Blank and Patients' Report Sheets, sent free on application. Consultation free.
Dr. Fleckenstein's Treatise Free to All. The Fleckenstein Medical Institute,
Emporium Building, 825 and 855 Market Street, Rooms 515-516, Fifth Floor.
nr'TlirT: Hmi n C From 9 A. M. to 12 M.; from Ito 6 P. M. Evenin_s-Tu;sdays and Fr/dnys, 7 to 9} Sundays
OFFIC— nULIKO from 10 A. M. to 12 M.
election at the jury rooms, ready to hear ,
evidence of attempted violations of the
election laws and to find indictments in
proved cases. Unusual preparations have
been made at the polling-places to pre
vent frauds, and arrests will quickly j.ol- j
low in all cases where the same are at- j
tempted. So says Registrar Biggy.
Advances made on turn: cure and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
HIS MONEY RETUBNED.
One of Grace Allison's Victims Tries
to Elude the Police.
Frederick Shek, who recently caused
the arrest of Grace Allison for defraud
ing him out of considerable money on the
pretense that she was to become bis wife,
is himself an inmate of the City Prison.
Yesterday Sergeant Moffitt. who ar
rested the woman, learned that Shek had
purchased the sloop Trilby and int<
to leave for parts unknown. Moffitt at
once consulted the T'tiited States Attor
ney, who instructed him to arrest
and hold him pending the examination Of
the woman. Last nicrlit Moffitt learned
that the sloop was off Black Point and he
"Do you spit up little cheesy lumps?"
"Have you a dlsg-ust for fatty foods?"
"Is there a tickling behind the palate?"
"Do you feel you are growing weaker?"
"Is there a burning pain in the throat?"
"Have you pain liehind the breastbone?"
"Do you cough worse night and morning?"
"Do you have to sit up at night to get
breath?"
SYMPTOMS OF EAR TROUBLES.
Deafness and ear troubles result from Ca-
tarrh passing along the Eustachian tube that
leads from the throat to the ear.
"Is your hearing failing?"
"Do your ears discharge?"
"Do your ears itch and burn?"
"Are the ears dry and scaly?"
"Have you pain behind the ears?"
"Is there throbbing in the ears?"
"Is there a buzzing sound !i :'.r<l?"
"Do you have a ringing in the ears?"
"Are there crackling sounds heard?"
"Is your hearing bail cloudy days.?"
"Do you have earache occasionally?"
"Are there sounds like steam escaping?"
"Do your ears hurt when you blow your
nose?"
"Do you constantly hear noises In the ears?"
"Do you hear better some days than others?"
"Do tfie noises in your ears keep you
awake?"
"When you blow your nose do the ears
crack?"
"la hearing ■worse when you have a cold?
"Is roaring like a waterfall in the head?"
,
CATARRH OF THE STOMACH.
This condition may result from several
causes, but the usual cause Is Catarrh, the
mucus dropping down into the throat and be-
ing swallowed.
"Is there nausea?"
determined to board it. Shen. was en
gaged in playing a game of cards witl
th>- skipper's rvife when the sergean
climbed over the rail and told him he wa
under arrest.
Shek admitted he had been "paid" ti
leave the city and not prosecute tne AIM
son woman. The police intend to hold hin
until the case against her is disposed of
DODSON IN TROUBLE.
rJeverly Dodson. a colored contractor
was arrested last night and charged witr
malicious mischief and disturbing tht
peace. Some time ago Dodson rentec
apartments in a house at l&.n Market
street.
He invited the Colored Citizens' Equa
Rights Union to meet in his rooms, which
i the displeasure of the landlord.
latter, after Dodson had
left his rooms, securely barred the doors.
Dodson, on learning of his action, pro
hia hatchet, and proceeded to force
his way Into his rooms.
The landlord summoned Policeman
■ <1 Dodson under arrest.
The contractor claims that the land
lorl is opposed to him and that he Is anx-
I of him. ITe threatens tc
institute ■ i-vi l proceedings against «ue
landlord for false Imprisonment.
"Are you costive?"
"Is there vomiting?"
"Do you belch up gas?"
"Have you waterbrash?"
"Are you light-headed?"
"Is your tongue coated?"
"Do you hawk and spit?"
'•Is there pain after eating?"
"Are you nervous and weak?"
"Do you have sick headachos?"
"Do you bloat up after eating?"
"Is there disgust for breakfast?"
"Have you distress after eating?"-
"Is your throat filled with slime?"
"Do you at times have diarrhoea?"
"Is there rush of blood to the head?"
"When you get up suddenly are you dizsyF*
"Is there constant sensation in stomach ?"
"Do ynu feel as if you had lend in stomach?"
"When stomach is empty do you feel faint?"
"Do you belch material that burns throat?"
"If stomach is full do you feel oppressed?"
CATARRH OF THE LIVER.
The liver becomes diseased by Catarrh ex-
tending from the stomach Into the tubes of th«
liver.
"Are you fretful?"
"Are you peevish?"
"Do you get dizzy?"
"Do you feel fatigued?"
"Do you feel miserable?"
"Do you have cold feet?"
"Do you get tired easily?"
"Is your eyesight blurred?"
•("ant you explain where?"
i-tant sense of depression?"
"Is there a bloating after eating?"
"Constant sense of pain in back?"
"Do you have gurgling in bowel*?"
"l>u you have rumbling in bowels?"
"Have you pain trade* shoulder blade V
"Is there throbbing in the stomach ?"
"Do you have sense of^heat in bowels? (>
"Do you suffor from pains in temples?"
"Do you have palpltution of the heartr
910
THE EXAMINER JOHN D. SIEBE
t Gave Him Cordial Support
Four Years Ago.
t Said, Editorially: "His Intelligence and Honesty
Are Doubted by No Man, and No Man Is
Better Qualified to Judge the Values
of Property."
The insincerity of tl c repeated attacks that the Examiner i*- made
during the campaign upon John D. Siebe is apparent when the present
attitude of that paper is contrasted with the strong support it *a%e Mr
Siebe four rears ago. At that time Mr. Siebe was the norn nee of the
Non-Partisan party and at frequent intervals during: the campaign the Ex
aminer strongly praised Mr. Slebe's administration of the Assessor s of
fice and urged voters to re-elect him to that position because of his emi
nent i.tness for the place. Here is the Examiner's estimate at that time
of John D. Siebe, ns expressed in editorials published at various dates dur
ing: the campaign:
From an Editorial November 6, 1894.
Mr. Siebe has the advantage of four years of -xptrience in the
office His intelligence and honesty are doubted by no man. He has
nothing to iearn of the duties of the position, and no man is better
qualified to judge the values of property.
From an Editorial October 4, 1894.
The Independent voter ran have no nossible hesitation in deciding amontr
the vStouVcandidates for Assessor. Mr. Siebe, the Non-Partisan nomi
nee has not only given a creditable administration of the office but he
Sal'siSed an Ironclad pledge to institute improvements In methods which
will secure a fairer assessment than ever before.
From an Editorial October 13. 1894.
For A^sossor the Non-Partisans have nominated Mr. Siebe. who has
performed" the duties of the office to the general satisfaction during: the
r>ast four years • • • If there were only the choice between Reed and
Brvan the honest voter could do nothing but take to the woods. Fortu
nately' there is left the simple and satisfactory course of voting for Mr.
From an Editorial October 19, 1894.
For the office of Assessor the Non-Partisan Convention nominated Mr.
Siebe. who has done good work in the same position for the past four
From nn Editorial November 3, 1894.
The Non-Partisan candidate for Assessor, Mr. Siebe, has done good
work and therefore deserves re-election.
The Best Candidates.
[From an article on Editorial Page October 18, ISM.]
John D Siebe the Non-Partlsan candidate for Assessor. Is a gentle
man, whose candidacy possesses i lements of strength, and who is particu
larly fortunate as to his opponents. As Assessor Mr. Siebe has administered
the"affairs of his office with credit to himself. • * * Fair as his assess
ments have been, he promises to make them still fairer than ever, having
taken a pledge to improve the system of his office in furtherance of that
desirable end.
What the Examiner said of Mr. Siebe f ur years ago Is just as true
to-day as it was then. His assessments during his second term have been
even fairer than they rvp re during his first. Mr. Siebe's election is as
sured and his big majority will demonstrate that the masses of the voters
believe now, ■ the Examiner did in 1894. that Mr. Siebe's "Intelligence
and honesty are doubted by no man. and no man Is better qualified to
judge the values of property."
In every campaign, Mr. Siebe has made his canvass in a dignified and
straightforward manner, and has never stooped to such petty devices as
belittling his opponents in a hope to hoodwink voters and secure thereby
a doubtful advantage. This course is but characteristic of the man, and
it is one of the many strong traits of character that commends him to the
people as a model public official.
OF INTEREST
TO BUYERS.
Purchasers' Guide lo Responsible Merchants, Manufactnrers, Brokers, Im-
porters, Whole-sals Traders, Jobbers, Insnrancs and Real Estate Agents.
CATALOGUES AND PRICE LISTS MAILED ON APPLICATION.
In Comspo=diag Witt Any of the Following Tirmi Plows Mention "Tha Call."
|ART WARE AND ANTIQUE FURNITURE|
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
flrtistlc Furniture and flrt Ware Importers.
|- 117 SLITTER STREET.
AUCTIONEERS.
Llrr Stnrn If II lip £ f(\ a Montgomery St..
Auctioneers. AILLH VU- San Francisco. •
BAKERY AND CONFECTIONERY.
VM CrHfitVlVfi Pliipptni; trad* ••ippjled.
Win >LllUCl>ll>U. Ci? Broadway »tr*-t.
BELTINO.
I f> FFnrV Manufacturer or Belting nnd
L. I. I.' EUl.il, Lace Leather. 105-107 Mis-
sion St.. cor. Spear. Telephone Main 562.
EOILER MAKERS.
EUREKA BOILER WORKS
V.. J. BRADY. Proprietor.
Bjeoltl Attention P»:d to Repairs and Bhip Work.
Office and -113-115 MISSION STREET
Telephone Main 5045.
BOOKS AND STATIONERY.
THE SAN FRANCISCO NEWS COMPANY,
242 lo 350 Geary Street, Above Powell.
Periodicals, Books and Stationery.
CARRIAGE MAKERS.
O'nniCV *• cnvC- Makers and Dealers In
U dKICII CC MM3l,andaus, Hacks. Victorias,
[ Carts and Buggies. Golden Gate aye. and Polk
■ at*. Ban Francisco.
CASCA FERRINE BITTERS.
' The World's Greatest Tonic. Stomachic, Laxa-
tive. At all dealers. SIERRA PHARMA-
j CEIJTICAL, CO.. 1517 Market st. ' ', ' '
COAL. COKE AND PIG IRON.
!J. C. WILSON & CO.,
WOO BATTERY STREET. ;
T»l^phon» Matn !R<;4
COPPERSMITH.
• ..a».». r-r;T. runt. 'i. "'lr Mr
C. W. *smith. Ship Phimblnsr. SteaTn^O3t
and Ship Work a Specialty, 16 and 18 ,
Washington St. Telephone. Main 5641. .
DENTIST/
DR. C- % RiCBARDS, fc?5£JP3U>
DRLGOISTS (WHOLESALE).
•REDINGTON&CO, '> tzi&tttysf?*
FIRK INSURANCE.
HDWAKD BROWN & SOX 8 '
41]-4<3 California i-trec-t. ■—
rir>l^l >'.epre«-r>*<il over "14.0T0.000
FLOUR.
■ VITIAVAI l^ptir Mill*. .7. Martenst^.n A Co.
IIAIIUiIAL BAY. cor. Buttery r.nd 1 aclflo «t».
~~ FRESH AND SALT MEATS.
lAC nOVPv * C(\ Shipping Butchers. Wl
JA3 DUICS d vU,, Clay. Tel. Mala i»i.
€n5 Cblcheater's Enellsa Dlaaond Brand.
fEHHYROYAL PILLS
ennyroVal fills
0 _ /(V^v Original and Only Genuine. A
lr r'./ l *>T\ »>rt, •:».•»»• relUbU. laoic* »tk iSC\'
£■ t\ fr.^Jtt llniffiit tnt' CMchfUr t K»i';\ />fa*2VV
fe*HsS»^rf*?\ ">"»■' Brand In Kcd ui4 OvU m-to!lic\%«f
I fcv/!-^Sya l>«"«l >«"«- «»'»* W 'H" h'"* 'l&boa. ' T«k« \W
•J6S i^i «<-Jn<» of "aer. fofuK dangrrous wulttltu- ™ .
I'/ — ft? Hint anii imitation*. At DroggUtf. WtfOti 4*.
! C- JJf la itatspi for pirtlcn',«n, tritlmsnUli . &■<
I «• Et " Belief for Laillr«." in letter, It rttarm
.Vf If Mall. 10,000 T»itimool.l«. *«, r<, f tr.
v — r"rtlrho.ler Cl»emlctvlCo.,MHdlton
I*l4 by all Lo.al i?rn«lifi. , J'BTJ. \ i»A- FA.
DR.MQNHLTY.
THIS WELL-KNOWN AND KEUABT.KOLD
1 Sj.edullst cur's J'rlv.itc, Nervous, and Blood I>L*.
eases of y.er. only, . Boots on Prlrato l)l«o«.^« and
Weaknesses of .M co.free. Ovrr 20 y'r*' experience.
Paiinntsciiredat Home. Terms r<*a ,onnbl*\ HournS
to3dnily;6:'»toB:Soev I Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
tation 1 fee audsocredlv confidential. 11, or address
P. ROSCOE McNULTY. M.D.,
26.'i Kearny St., San Francisco, Cat.
HARDWARE.
PALACE Hardware Co., Im porters & Dealers
* in Hardware. 603 Market. TeL Main 752.
HARNESS AND VEHICLES.
LKIHOLU HARNESS CO.. 211 Larkln at.. 8. F.
Wholesale and Retail Manufacturer* of all
kinds of Harness and dealers la Buggies,
Carts, etc. If you want bartmins call or writ*
HUNTERS' EQUIPMENTS.
AlillA Hunters' Equipments. Flshlrur
GUNS Tackle. Athletic Good*, etc. ~end
JIIIJ for cataloirue. GEO. W. SHREVB.
V W 1 1 W , 39 Markot street.
IRON FOUNDERS.
Western Foundry, Morton S Hedloy. Prop*..
234 Fremont St. Castings of Every Do.
scriptlon Made to Order. Tel. Black 1505.
MANUFACTURERS. . .
GOLDEN GATE WOOLEN MFG. CO.
Manufacture blankets. ' Casslmeres, Twesds and
Flannels. 535 Market «t.. San Francisco. Cat
Goods for tale at all leading dry goods stores.
MARINE INSURANCE.
SWISS MARINE INSURANCE COMPA-NTKS
Combined Capital. 000.009.
• «TZ A CO.. Agent*.
«01 California it.
MATTRESSES AND IRON BEDS.
THE DI'DVHIDn Mattrens Co.. 641 . Mliwrto^
lnC DCnnnAKU st. Telephone Mala int
PAPER DEALERS.
U/ll I AMCTTC PULP AND PAPER CO..
YllLLAmtll IE 722 Montgomery Street.
PIANOS.
PIANO and MUSIC STORE.
KOHLER & CHASE,
18 and 30 O'FmTeTl Rt,
A-ranw o' <-xr«»rt ?un»ri« and f>;>tg*
PRINTING.
El- C- IlUGriE^»6ll Santomi
. • SOAP.
OD I lirV * Til '■ ' 23 »"iil|fnrnti« "tr»"
.K. Lbvl CC l/U M ro^-n S7 Tel. Main 1«1
STATIONER AND PRINTER.
Tel c p h ! c PARTRIDGE gias^:-
THE HICKS- JUDD CO . y^S"-^^ .♦
WAREHOUSEMEN.
: THE HASLETT • WAREHOUSE CO..
forwarding Agents' and Public Weigher*
; General Etorace. Free and Grain Warehouse*
I General office. 110 California st. Tel. Mala I*ll
~~ WALLPAPER.
' WH°T.r" \T.K * : retail: *>?nd for sample*. •••<••
inir 'MiaJltv A- color. DCJFFY CO.. 0?" Howanl.
; WATCHES. ETC.
' T I IIVnV Headquarters for line Jewelry ant
I- LLI>"I. full 18-k. WrddlDC Rlnrs. 4 id st.
WOOD AND IVORY TURNING.
C. F. HAAS, mfr wood articles, any descrip-
: tion. Planing, turning. 417 Mission, tel. M. 5927.
_____ — — — —— — •• — — — — — — — — — — •
|We rely ON rr n|DTln..
Oculists P^S 1
i Jo rur\ our Spectacle F^ctory-
Bring us Yours.
|
\ Opticians ko^ ency
642 Market St.
Chronicle Building- z,
WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
j Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
TWO JOCKEYS
INJURED AT
OAKLAND
Gray and Kiley Had a
Bad Mix-Up.
FAVORITES STILL WINNING
MIDLOVE WON THE CALIFORNIA
MAIDEN STAKE.
Cromwell Ban a Fast Mile and a
Furlong — First Tenor Beaten
a Nose by Ven
toro.
The first bad spill of the raring season
took place at Oakland yesterday. It oc
curred at the head of the stretch during
the running of the Callforniu maiden
stakes for two-year-olds, and resulted In
I Kiley, who had the mount on Jingle Jin
gle, fortunately escaping with a hroken
wrist, and Charley Gr?iy. with the leg up
on Dr. Rowell's filly Kllzabeth R. getting
off with a badly bruised shoulder .as well as
minor contusions. The accident was
caused by Kiley's mount. Jingle Jingle,
jumping on the heels of Eng*»a. ridden by
Piggott, just as the stretch turn was
rounded. Jingle stumbled and fell, bring
ing Ellznbeth R down with her. No
| blame could be attached to any mdi
I vidual unless It was the lack of caution
I and experience displayed by Kiley. Both
i fillies had been well supported in the bet
! ting at enticing prices.
The balmy summer weather attracted a
large attendance, and the dense crowd in !
the ring all seemed to have started to the
races prepared to bet themselves to a
standstill. Four favorites and a heavily
backed second choice came whizzing in,
and the books again got badly hit.
The California maiden stakes, valued at
$1000, was in the nature of a cake-walk
for the Burns & Waterhuuse iilly Mid
love, shouldering VZ2 popnds. Coupled
with Kngea, -•' was a 7 to 10 choice.
Thorpe as usual got a running start with
her, und won all the way. Five lengths
back, Anchored downed Don't Tell for
tlie place.
Trainer Bill Murray ha» Cromwell in
rare form just now, and the chestnut
horse placed the Kmeryville handicap at
one mile and a furlong to the credit of
Ed Purser. Opening at 3 to 2, there was
Buch a well-denned play on Grady. Morel
llto and Wheel of Fortune that 2 to 1
wan obtainable about Purser's horse
i around post time. Piggott had tne mount
i and, getting away lirst. maintained the
I lead throughout, winning ridden out ;it :
I the end a length in front of Wheel of I
: Fortune in the fast time or 1:53& Kutter
on the latter probably timed his run a ;
trifle late, the mare being asked to make
up too much ground the last Quarter.
Grady. considering his many hard races
of late, run a flattering race, finishing a
good third. San Venado possessed spe.-d,
I but it deserted him before a mile had j
been covered.
Louis Ezell's gelding Personno was tout- i
ed as the ripe one for the opening mile |
run, and his odds were speedily played ;
down from threes to Bto 5. Gray had the
I mount, and hitting the stretch second to
I Prompto outspeeded that horse in the run
Ito the wire, winning cleverly by over a <
j length. Inverary II showed up well, being
I a close third at long odds.
First Tenor, the even money choice for !
: the two-year-old event at six furlongs,
* struck a snag In Ventoro, the rapid tray- >
i cling Golden Garter youngster. He loafed
the first part with Thorpe, and although i
i finishing like a cyclone was beaten out a |
nose in 1:14 fiat. The winner made all the i
1 running, and his admirers forced the odds j
! down from 4 to 1 to 11 to 5. Olinthus was \
i a good third.
Yemen, which old gelding seems to have ;
; regained her three-year-old form, made a ,
i show of his field In the final seven-furlong .
i spin. He led from the jump, winning ,
j eased up from Judge Stouffer in 1:27)4.
Turf Gossip.
Sixteen bookmakers cut in yesterday.
Walsh & Co. laid prices for the first time.
George Roue again made his uppearunce
on the block.
Charles Price, the racing steward, yes
| terday received a telegram stating that
I Emil 'Bourlier, the well-known proprietor
i of the Turf Exchange, Louisville, Ky.,
i died suddenly Friday night.
A* there will be no racing election day,
I entries for Wednesday's running events
j will close Monday at 11 o'clock a, m.
Yemen was entered to be sold for $300
and was* boosted to $600. Fred Taylor re
tained the sprinter.
Forwerts, the fast filly trained by
"Daggle " Smith, and which received con
siderable backing to win the opening
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
OAKLAND RACE TBACX, Saturday, Nov. 5, 1898.— Seventh day of
the California Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track fast.
~3. A. MURPHY. Presiding Judge. JAMES B. FERGUSON, Starter.
|-» ty FIRST RACE— One mile; nelllng; three-year-olds and upward; purse. $850.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
%m.
Str.
... Perßonne, 4
(154) Prompto, 5
153 Inverary 11, 3
90 Joe I-ievy. 3
ISO Dolore, 4 '
IBS Magnus, 3.....
. 163 Loino. 4... '■
(153) Forwerts, 3
5
1
2
8
7
3
4
6
6 M
1 H
2 h
8
4 h
3 2
6 h
1 1 '
2 h
1 %
3 1
- 4 M
6 2
76*
i 6
32 2 h
12 -lh
2 14 3 2
41 4 2
•Cl .61
61 6 4
7 -7'
1 1%
■ . 2 M .
3 6
4 Ms
6 3
6 8'
7
juray
iHouck
Everoon
Holmes
3 8-5
4 4
8 20
8 60
3 5
5 9
20 60
3 4
G. Wilson
J. RHff
ISnlder
Devln
•Pulled up.
Time. 141 Winner, L. H. Ezell's br. g. by
first three driving :
:. Won
\-T A SECOND RACE— Six furlongs; two year-olds; purse. »400.
Index. Home.
I
Weight. St.
%m.'
Km.
%m.
Str.
(157) Ventoro 1M 2 ... 1 W 11 1% Ins Ruttor 17-2 11-5
(160) Flr^t Tenor 11l 3 ... 4 2 4 2 JHi 2! Thorpe 1 1
(1-0) Ollnthus US 1 ... 3 2 2h 2h 8 6 Shields 3 4
160 Llraewatw 10614 ... 2 h 3 1»4 4 2 4 8 Everaon 10 25
Rev Hooker 106 5 ... 6 6 G2 6 4 Devln 15 15
(88> Petal 103 i 6 ... 52 62 6 6 Klley _00 200
Tim*. 1:14. Winner, H. Byrnes & Co.'s br. g. by Imp. Golden Garter-Ventura. Good
.start. Won flrnt three driving.^ i
I'-','— THIRD RACE— Six furlongs; two-year-olds;
j
; value, $1000.
' t
Index. Hr>rse. Weight. [St. %m. %m. vv t m.
Urn.
%m.
vv t m.
Str.
(Op. Cl.
3-5 7-10*
3 5
12 20
6 20
• •
15 40
10 8
8 7
(143) Mldlove .....122 1, ... 11% •-. 14 , 110 IB (Thorpe 3-5 7-10
1" Anchored ....115 4 ... 3h 314 2 4 24 Rutter ........ 3 5
Don't Te11... 115 2 ■•• 4h 410 3h 3 % Hennessy .... 12 ; 20
iii Hannah Reid .107 j 8 ... 8 I 0 4 4 6 J. Reiff 6' •20
Knifca ...115 3 ... 2 1 2h ♦» •' * Pig;sott :. .'• •
160 Master 1.**.'.. ...... .107 7 ... 74 « 6 6 McCarthy .... 15 '40
150 Jingle Jing1e....... .107 8 ... ;63 r- t , Kiley < 10 8
162 Elizabeth 1t ......... 104 J_- •••__. 610 't Gray 8 7
"^Coupled with Midlove. ' -tFell. ; :
Time I:HVi. Winner, Burns & Waterhouje'a en. f. by imp. Mldlothlan-Fr»« Love. Good
start. Won easing up. Second handily. Third driving. . ,■. ,,.. 
:morpe
Rutt-r
Henneßsy ....
iJ. Reiff
Piggott
McCarthy
Klley
IGray
I— r> KOT'RTH RAfE- One and an eighth miles;
1i O« Emeryville Handicap; purse, 1500.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight. |St. Std. %m. «m. %m.
three- year-olds
Str. Fin. |
i__
and upward;
Bett
Jockeys. Op.
the
ting.
Cl.
161 Cromwell, 6 V
<Tv) Wheel of Fortune, «.!'
161 Grady. 3 1'
US Morellito, 3 H
101 !<an Venado, 3 !
(161) Shasta Wnter, 4 !
... Imp. Misti-nll 11, 4.!'
1
2
I 6
7
5
4 : -:
c
13
4 2
5 4
2 h
: 6 1
3 li
;HV4
3 2V4
C \i
2 h
52 •
4 h__
M 4
3D
6 h
3 3
•43:
■7 ■- :.
12 . 14 11
5 1 6 12 1
3 3 3 % 3 h
6 4 6 1 4h.
412 M 5 %
2 IV4 4%■ «V 4
- 7 . 7 --7 |
IKSOII.
.litter
[enneasy
arri^an
3-2 •
3
6-2
10
8
3
10
• 2
5
4
9-2
32
6
30
■evln
t'ocxls
raw ley ......
Time, l:fttt. Winner. K. W. Purser's eh. h. by Imp. Bt. BlaJee-Flavina. Good start.
Won handily, flpcond nnd third driving.
177 FIFTH RACE— Seven furlongs: selling;
purse, T3OO.
Index. Home. Age. Weight.
(162) Yemen, a 104
(158) Judge Stoufter. 4...M6
182 Highland Ball, 3... .109
164 Lost Olrl. 4 104
134 Howard, a 104
183 Defiant. 3 97
■ Jim.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
Jockeys.
313 1
2
6
4
6
1 1
2 2
3 2
• 5 4
1 4 4 • -r-.
6 .' : ■
1 5
3 10
2 4
I 2
4 3
6
1 8 -'.
3 12
2 24
; 6 5;
4 3
6
1 10
3 5
2 M
4 10 :
5 10
•■ 6 ■■■ ■ -
1 3
2 li
3 10
4 2
6 15
6
y
1-2
4
4
10
50
UN
M .....
Time. 1:27^4. Winner. F. M.
up. Second and third driving.
:. Taylor'i eh. g. by Alarm-Hira. Poor start. Won
event, broke her nigh fore leg on the
back stretch, and was later destroyed. £
BUTCHERS' BLACK LIST.
Joseph Murphy Kicks Against the
Order and Interesting Develop
ments Are Expected.
A case of peculiar interest to butchers
will be heard by Judge Mogan to-morrow
morning, as it will let the public under
stand something about the "blacklist" of
the Butchers' Board of Trade and inci
dentally may lead to a civil suit for dam
ages for false arrest and Imprisonment.
Yesterday morning Joseph Murphy, a
retail butcher at 391 Sixth street, swore to
a complaint before Judge Mogan for the
arrest of William J. O'Farrell on the
charge of petty larceny. O'Farrell was
arrested and promptly released on cash
bail.
O'Farrell is a driver for T'ri & Co..
wholesale butchers, 519 Clay street, xes
terday morning he delivered to Murpny
two carcasses of calves, but in a few
minutes returned and, as Murphy al
leges, forcibly took the two carcasses
away again. The only explanation O'Far
rell would give was that he had been no
tilied by his employers after delivering
the carcasses that Murphy was on the
"blacklist." Murphy was angry and
went to the police court, where he swore
to the complaint charging O'Farrell with
petty larceny.
The position taken by Uri & Co. is that
after they had sent the two carcasses to
Murphy they received a circular from the
Butchers' Board of Trade that he was on
the "blacklist." It Is a rule that no mem
ber of the Board of Trade shall open a
shop In a block where unother member
has a shop. This rule Murphy had
broken, hence the order to their driver
to regain possession of the two car
casses, as Murphy by breaking the rule
had been put on the "blacklist."
O'Farrell threatens to bring suit against
Murphy for damages for false arrest and
Imprisonment and interesting develop
ments may be expected. Murphy has
also filed a su!t for $10,000 damages.
NATIVE DAUGHTERS' HOME.
It Will Be Opened This Month on
O'Farrell Street, Near Van
Ness Avenue.
The committee of the Native Daughters
of th« Golden West having charge of se
curing a home for the members of the
order at its last held meeting, at which
there was a large attendance, were pre
sented with a number of reports from
parlors announcing a wlMingness to co-op
erate with the committee. Minerva Par
lor of this city subscribed $20, to be paid
when the home is opened. These reports
were so encouraging that the committee
decided to act at once in the matter.
During the past week the committee se
cured quarters at 925 O'Farrell street, be
tween Polk and Van Ness avenue, and
since then the work of renovating the
place and putting the same in condition
for occupancy has been going on.
Tho home will be neatly furnished and
It will be a home in the full sense of the
word, for it will be a place whore mem
bers of the order who may be in this
city without a home will find accommo
dations. It is expected that it will be
ready for occupancy before the close of
the month.
Farewell to Father Yorke.
Representatives from the various or
ders of the Catholic sisterhoods assembled
yesterday morning at the Presentation
Convent, Taylor and Ellis streets, to bid
farewell to Father Yorke and present him
with a token of their kindly remem
brance. For many years Father Yorke
has been the counselor and friend of the
sisters and the fearless defender of all
that Catholic womanhood holds dear. The
sisters' gift took the form of a beautiful
gold chalice enriched with diamonds and
amethysts. The address of presentation
was read by Sister Mary Lorenzo of St.
Peter's Convent. Father Yorke thanked
the sisters and, expressing the hope that
the sisters and their pupils would pray for
him on his Journey, bade them all fare
well.
An Unknown Man Drowned.
C. E. Peterson of the Life-saving Sta
tion, while walking along- the ocean beach
near Mussel Rock yesterday morning,
found the body of an unknown man that
had been washed up by the waves. The
warmth of life had not departed from tne
corpse, and Mr. Peterson summoned help
and tried to resuscitate the body, but the
effort was unsuccessful. The dead man
was about 60 years old, with an aquiline
nose and strong features. He was clean
shaved and had a two days' growth of
white beard on his face. Hlb attire was
that of ix laborer. An Inquest will be
held.
Miss Cameron Still Unmarried.
By a strange freak of the types the
public were Informed yesterday morninp
in the headlines to the article on the Cni
nese Bureau that Miss Cameron, the
charming matron of the Presbyterian
( "ninese Mission Home, had married Chief.
Meredith of the Chinese Bureau. The
copy read "Miss Cameron had warned
Meredith," and the types read, "Miss
Cameron had married Meredith." Miss
Cameron has never married anybody.
A Supreme Being.
The course of five addresses by Rev.
James Curry, D.D., to be given at the
Toons Men's Christian Association build
ing. Mason and Ellis streets, Sunday af
ternoons at 3 o'clock will commence to
day with a discourse on "What About a
Supremo Being— God or Atheism. Which?"
HOW DOCTOR
DODGE DOCTORS
FIGURES
He Is Challenged by
Assessor Siebe.
ASKED TO PRODUCE PROOF
DODGE TALKS ABOUT HIGH COR
PORATION ASSESSMENTS.
Fails to Tell That Taxes Were Never
Paid on Such Assess
ments.
The reckless and altogether unrelia
ble manner in which Dr. Dodge, the
Democratic nominee for Assessor, has
Juggled with figures— alleged records of
the Assessor's office— during his cam
paign stamps htm as a first-class "doc
tor of figures." If he were to be elected
to the office to which he aspires, he
would, if he pursued such an entang
ling course in making his assessments
as he has in making his campaign, soon
have the assessment roll in such a
muddle that it would take a small army
of expert accountants to straighten it
out.
On the various occasions that the
good doctor of medicine has posed as
a doctor of figures, and in the latter ca
pacity addressed himself to mass meet
ings of voters, he has fortified himself
with an alleged transcript of the re
cords of the Assessor's office. When
speaking his little piece he has used
this alleged transcript to try and prove
what a bad Assessor Mr. Slebe has
been and what a good one Mr. Badlam
was. He concludes by, in substance,
promising to be even a better Assessor
than Mr. Badlam was.
Now for the records, and what they
show. Mr. Dodge states that during |
seven years of Mr. Badlam's adminis
tration (from 1876 to 1882 inclusive), he
assessed the Spring Valley Water Com
pany and the San Francisco Gas Com
pany for a total of 585,321,768 on per
sonal property and franchises. Mr.
Dodge is mistaken. His figures are
too low by about $8,500,000. The re
cords of the Assessor's office show that
during these years Mr. Badlam as
sessed these two corporations on fran
chises alone $81,000,000, while he as
sessed them on personal property $12,
716.068, making a grand total of $93,716,
068.
Mr. Dodge talks about the beauties
of these high assessments of corpora
tions, and tells what a burden thoy re
move from the shoulders of the small
taxpayer. But, alas for the facts. The
books of the Auditor's office and the
Tax Collector's office tell a different
story from that told by the good doc
tor of medicine. On all this enormous
assessment of Mr. Badlam's, amount
ing to $93,716,068, the Spring Valley
Water Company and San Francisco
Gas Company paid taxes on exactly
$12,716,068, the amount of their personal
property assessments. In fact, the re
cords of the Auditor's and Tax Collec
tor's offices do not show that they paid
even the full amount of taxes on this
$12,716,068.
They simply ignored the assessments
of their franchises, and the amount that
they would have paid on a moderate
and reasonable assessment was shifted
to the shoulders of smaller taxpayers,
thereby adding to their burdens.
Against this showing stands Mr.
Siebe's record. During the eight years
he has held the office of Assessor his
total assessment of the franchises and
personal property of the Spring Valley
Water Company and the San Francisco
Gas Company was $37,000,000, on which
amount every dollar of taxes has been
paid.
This record speaks for ltselr and all
who will take the trouble to investigate
will discover that Doctor of Figures
Dodge has been endeavoring to throw
dust in the voters' pyes by a misrepre
sentation of facts, as shown by the re
cords of the Assessor's office. These
misrepresentations may have been
made either deliberately or through
carelessness on his part. Tn either
case it demonstrates his absolute un
fitness for the office to which he as
pires.
Assessor Siebe openly challenges Dr.
Dodge to prove that the taxes on these
arbitrary assessments which were
made by Badlam for effect, and not in
the interests of justice, have ever been
paid by the corporations under consid
eration. Mr. Siebe further states that
if such proof can be produced he will
donate to the orphans asylums of the
City and County of San Francisco th»
sum of $300;
TEA FOR A
DEBUTANTE
Miss Josie Loughborough
Makes Her Initial Bow
to the Smart Set.
Mrs. A. H. I.miphborough formally In
troduced her debutante daughter. Miss
Josephine I..oughborough, at a tea yester
day afternoon at her residence, corner of
O'Farrell and Franklin streets.
Never has a debutante made her entree
to the world of society under more favor
able auspices. The beautiful home, so
admirably adapted for entertaining, was
artistically decorated with a profusion of
seasonable flowers. All the ladies, those
of the receiving party and guests as
well, were exquisitely gowned, and the
large percentage of gentlemen present
lent the necessary blac-k-coat back
ground.
Mrs. Loughborough and Miss Liough
borough were assisted in receiving by
Miss Cella Tobin. Miss Gertie Carroli.
Miss Therese Morgan, Miss Olive Hol
brook. Miss Kate Salisbury. Miss Susie
Blanding. Miss Ethel Keeney and Miss
Bessie Zane.
The hours of the tea were from 5 till 7.
during which nearly 700 invited guests
were hospitably entertained.
Puebla Sails To-Day.
The transport City of Puebla will leave
this port to-day with her assignment of
troops ordered to Manila. The troops
will go on board the vessel this morning. |
The Newport will sail on Tuesday. Gen- i
eral Marcus P. Miller with his staff and |
headquarters will sail on the Newpjrt.
The departure of this vessel means the i
final exit through the Golden Gate of the |
entire Eighth Army Corps.
Acting Assistant Surgeon R. F. Gray of '
the regular army has by order of Gener.il j
Merriam been assigned to the division
field hospital at the Presidio.
A Bad Husband.
Mrs. May A. Schutte, 215 Twenty-eighth
street, swore to a complaint In Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of her husband. A. Schutte, on the
charge of threats to kill. Friday night
he chased her out of the house with a
knife, threatening to kill her. and she had
to take refuge, with her child, in the
house of a neighbor. She says he has
continually beaten her, and recently
choked her until she was almost dead.
Advance* made on furniture and piano*, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
PRINCE HAL
DEFEATS ROCK
ISLAND BOY
The Favorite Lost in a
Grand Contest.
RARE SPORT AT INGLESIDE
LIST OF RUNDOWNS AT UNION
PARK.
Hares Ban Some Long and Fast
Courses — Three Dogs Are
Favored in To-Day's
Finals.
Everything that combines to make good
sport was in evidence at the Ingleslde
Coursing Track yesterday. The hares ran
like the wind, and those that did not es
cape through the Blips led the dogs a
merry chuse. In the sapling stake there
were four particularly long courses, each
lasting nearly four minutes.
The shortenders were not favored yes
terday, only five of their choices out of
the forty-three courses received the de
cision. Sweet Music was selling a 5 to 1
favorite, and the crowd could not get
their money down on her quick enough,
but at every turn she went off her feet
and finally lost.
Kock Island Boy had been picked as a
winner of the stake, but Prince Hal
proved too much for him, and left him
off the programme in the twelfth course.
There are three good dogs which have a
chance in to-day's courses— Prince Hal.
Patria and Moondyne 11. Connemara was
on the bills, but being sick did not ap
pear in the field. The results of yester
day's racing were as follows:
Puppy stake— P. J. Reilly's Nonpareil
beat J. Mcdrath's White Wedge: Dillon
& Reilly's Get There beat J. J. O'Brien's
Statesman; Dillon dfc Reilly's Volunteer
beat W. Perry's Campania; J. Shea's
Young America beat H. A. Deckleman's
Prince George; Ford & Duffy's Chief of
Hill beat J. McCormack's Woodbine; J.
Murnane's Wolf Tone beat J. Wald's
Bessie VV; J. Farley's Mystic beat J.
Dickson's Black Bess; O. and B. Kennel's
Victor King beat J. McGrath's Martyr;
Dillon & Reilly's Blackhawk beat Henry
Spring's Battleship; W. Sweeney's Nancy
Lee beat J. Anthony's Admiral Dewey; T.
J. Cronln's Arab beat J. Murnane's Flash
ing Lass.
All-Age stake— H. R. Baldwin's Forget
beat J. Byrne's Nellie B; F. Moran's Fly
ing Faster beat A. Johnson's Tod Sloan;
P. J. G. Kenna's Mira Monte bt-at F. A.
McComb's Faultless Beauty; D. Cronin's
Swinnerton beat Eclipse kennel's Killar
ney Lass; J. Shea's Rathbone beat White
Earth kennel's Safeguard; John Eagan's
May Flower beat A. Farming's Babe
Murphy; H. McNeil's Sportsman beat J.
Mazzini's Beau Peep; F. Moran's Golden
Russet beat R. W. Blake's Philippine; P.
J. G. Kenna's Skyball beat. J. Dean's
Brilliantine; Bartels Bros.' Mac's Melody
beat D. Rodgers' Jack of Spades; S. E.
Portal's Laurelwood beat Eclipse ken
nel's Innisf alien; Lowe & Thompson's
Prince Hal beat A. and B. kennel's Rock
Island Boy; A. and B. kennel's Irma beat
A. Van Den Burgh's American Eagle;
O'Connell Bros.' Log Boy beat Lowe &
Thompson's Qulckstitch; D. Hooper's
Bendalong beat A. Johnson's Llssak;
Bartel Bros. Mind Your Eye beat S. E.
Portal's Lightning; T. F. Logan's Miss
ADVERTISEMENTS. _______
Diseasesi Weakness of Men Only
DR. MEYERS & CO.
; Established 17 Years. Largest and Best-Equipped Medical Institution
>l and Most Extensive Practice on the Pac fie Coast.
! HE ENORMOUS BUSINESS ENJOYED BY THESE SUCCESSFUL SPE-
, * clalists would not have been acquired had they not cured the thousand* of.
> men who came to them every year for relief. Nor could such cures have been
>■ made had not. Dr. Meyers & Co. possessed. Unusual skill. . But skill alone can-
> not accomplish what these doctors have done. In addition to this . they have
> the advantages of the best remedies, appliances and general apparatus that
> can be found In either the Old or the New World, and the valuable knowledge
* that comes with long years of experience. DR. MEIERS & CO. do not treat
* symptoms but cure the disease. They never experiment «r take Incurable
i Ca? NERVOUS DEBILITY AND WASTING WEAKNESS,
**; Dr. Meyers A Co. restore weak, despondent and debilitated men to strong,
I robust and perfect manhood. No matter what may have caused the trouble,
I these specialists can quickly gain the mastery. All cures as lasting as life.
: Contracted Ailments, Blood Poison, Etc.
I Men who are troubled with any of these afflictions should consult Dr.
> Meyers & Co. If the disease has been ' recently contracted or has become
> chronic, painful and dangerous from bad treatment or neeriect. these physi-
> cians can cure it quickly and permanently. Is o injurious drugs ever used.
> -" ' Patients Need Not Pay Until They Are Cured,
> ' Dr. Mevers &- Co. have such confidence in their successful remedies and
> methods that they will let the patient deposit the price of a cure in any
> bank or with any" business house or newspaper in San Francisco, to be paid .
> to them only when a cure is effected. If patients prefer they may pay for a
> cure in monthly installments. This is the fairest proposition: ever made by
> any reputable institution. The patient takes no chances, runs no risk.
\ Free Consultation and Private Book for Men,
> At office or by mail. All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients Sacredly Confi-
> deniial. Thousands cured 'at home every year. No Printing on Envelopes or Pack-
> ages to show who sent them. Write for question list if you cannot call.
I DR. MEYERS & CO.
> 731 MARKET STREET, San Francisco.
y
> TaLr» Fl^vator I HOURS-8 to la, ito 3 dally.
I 1 aXe LIcVclLUr . | hvenin£«». 7to 8. Sunday*. 9to 11.
Grizzle beat Vina kennel's "Lady .Roach;
Slit R. Shea's Mickey; Nally & Morley s
White Diamond beat Eclipse .kennel 8
Crosspatch: Bartel .Bros. Ben Hill beat
F C. Cline's M. Liss; O N «il & Hanrn
ban's Promise Me beat R. Ju »*" 's Sweet
Music; James Byrne's Serninole beat Me
Collough & London's Magneto; Connell
Bros.' Seminole beat H. A. D man3
Pet Kirby; Royal Oak ran a bye; Lowe
& Thompson's Patria beat H. R. Bald
win's Forget; J. Dean's Moondyne II beat
P. J. G. henna's Rocket; Penlope ken
nel's Las Palmas beat J. O'Dowd s Mis
sion. Tip- P. O'Donnell's Counterfeit beat
I >\ Tiernev's Decision : White Earth
kennel's Lottie M beat F. A. McComb.
Oleen; D. ; Ford's Bonita beat _ Henry
Spring's Pat Malloy; and P. J. G. Ken
na's Rocklin Belle beat J. Murnane Miss
Dividend. _ ' .
At Union Park.
Following was the result of the run
down at Union Park yesterday:
Puppy stake— F. A. McComb's Flush
beat T. J. Cronin's Maid of Bail; Pasha
kennel's Rollicking Airs beat J. Segger
son's Candelarla; P. A. McComb's Royal
Flush beat Al Austin's Trinket; F. Mo
ran's Bit of Fashion beat P. Kerwan s
Lady Garnett; T. J. Cronin's Wild Tralee
eat Pembroke kennel's Petrontus; Bel
mont kennels Belmont Boy beat G. R-
Butt's Foremost: :M. Nealon's Maid or
Erin beat F. A. McComb's Motts: J. »eg
gerson's Gold Hill beat Orient kennel s
Oriental Lass. _ „, . , _
Second round— beat Rollicking
Airs; Bit of Fashion beat Royal Flush;
Wild Tralee beat Belmont Boy; Gold .hill
beat Maid of Erin v«T«ir«
(California Taylor & Maxwell a
Lamplighter beat Strehl's Skylark; T. J.
Cronin's Thornhill a bye. Quiver with
drawn; J. H. Perigos' Wayfarer a > bye.
Gallant Foe withdrawn; J. D?/ 11118 ,, in
teresting beat M. Allen's Miss Alice, F. C.
Mack's Black Paul, a bye, accidental. ■
Second Thornhill beat Lamp
lighter; Wayfarer beat Interesting; BlacK
Patti a natural bye. • _^>
California purse— l.. F. Halton s Tic Tac
beat J. H. Smith's Merced; Curtis & Son »
Commodore beat A. Massey s Hattle; M.
Nealon'a Van Cloie beat Russell & \VH
son's Van Cloie: J. M. Halton's Poca
hontas a bye, Madge Wildfire withdrawn;
A Massev's Lightfoot beat , Al Austin s
Douglas; S. W. Smith's Crusade a bye,
Clara Barton withdrawn; Taylor & Max
well's Wild Lassie beat C B. Field a
Florence N; T. E. McEldouny's Left
Bower a bye, Braw Scot withdrawn; M.
Nealons Van Knapp beat Roy C. Scott
Report; Curtis & Son's Chartist a bye,
Had wist withdrawn from. purse stake.
Second round-Commodore beat Tic Tac ,
Van Cloie beat- Pocahontas; Lightf pot
beat Crusader; Left Bower beat Wild
Lassie ; Van Knapp beat Chartist, j ;, ;>
THE KILLING OF A BOY.
Mrs. Emma O'Connor Will Be Held to
Answer Before the Superior
Court.
The preliminary examination of Mrs.
Emma O'Connor, charged with shooting
and killing Edgar Reinhold. the young
«on of Edgar Reinhold. 2938 Pine street,
on July 8 last, was almost concluded he
fore Judge Low yesterday, and the Judge
intimated that he would, hold the de
fendant to answer before the Superior
('ourt J N E. Wilson, attorney for the
defendant, then asked for a continuance
until to-morrow morning, as he desired to
get the testimony of two other witnesses.
The delay would also give the defendant
time to get hor bonds ready. The con
tinuance was granted. ■ .
The case is a peculiar one. A number
of boys were amusing themselves by
throwing stone? at Mrs. O'Connor s house,
breaking her windows and doing other
damage and she got hold of an old rifle
and tired in the direction of the young
sters to frighten them away. The boy
Reinhold was shot and finally died. Ihe
boy's father has instituted a suit in the
Superior Court against Mrs. O'Connor,
claiming $1,000 damages for the loss of his
child.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Bush and Larkln sts. Swimming. Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
A Marriage That Failed.
Kate Fleming has sued her husband,
Edward J. Fleming, for a divorce, alleg
ing failure to provide as a cause of com
plaint.t ADVERTISEMENTS. :
NO FAITH CORE. ;■
ABOUT- STUART'S DYSPEPSIA
TABLETS.
They Cure Stomach Troubles and Indi-
gestion Anyway, Whether You Have
Faith In Them or Not.
Mere.faith will not digest your food
for you. will not give an appetite, will
not increase your flesh and strengthen
your nerves and heart, but Stuart's
'Dyspepsia Tablets will do these things,
because' they are composed of the ele-
ments of digestion, they contain the
juices, acids and peptones necessary to
the digestion and assimilation of all
wholesome food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablet's will digest
food if placed in a jar or bottle in water
heated to 98 degrees, and they will do it
much more effectively when taken into
the stomach after meals, whether you
, have faith that they will or not.
They invigorate the stomach, make
■ pure blood and strong nerves, in the
only way that nature can do it, and
that is, plenty of wholesome food well
digested. It is not what we eat, but
what we digest that does us good.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold
by nearly air druggists at 50 cents for
full-sized package, or by • mail from
the Stuart Company, Marshall, Mich.
SlTspf I f ?1 afij
H9^H A private ta'.lt costs
iH nothing. H«re Ton oon -
J^KBMMhHHI tr»eif i some LOATH-
fe*^ I BOJCK PI6KABE? Do
KjsL'l ?" n »'-'(Trr from lost
p^Sff&^SlF&f*! minhpod or »ny cvi;
MB^^^ jlfrc** of Tonth-
ful tnl!tes or ex-
B^&f9o^^|^l^^D^ cesses? An too
i&m^/HI ■ *\o!d bafttr? your
-J9B time? CALL or
gH WfBITt, He ii jour
!«fi|s^J^Srj£ fried »nd will not on-
IH drrtake Tour .«*• •*■
m oopte pt potlrlTe that he
H^H^Bgß oan effect a care.
Hfi|w Norton Davis.M.D
BBtlw3lBKearnyst.,S.F
B^— Mgla'B .—.. — . *, i|||)^^J
I. ' Sr iw *^ 'W W. «yPMBk
Salve or Powaer Jars, cut glass, sterl-
ing silver top, 35c.
Sterling Silver Button Hooks,. 33c
and up. In sets to match.
WILL & FINCK CO.,
BIS-820 MARKET ST.
-' FOR. . .
PUBLIC.
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FEEESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
■ (~\ I. J. TRUMAN
«!* *• ft FOR
1^( TREASURER.
j jPbL''iA Si Republican, Non-Partiim tad Citi-
djaWJaJyT'la! BCDS ' Bepnbllcm Nominee.
fW Voting Number 23.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
ASA R. WELLS,
■ F^OR AUDITOR,
Republican. . Non-Partisan • and Citizens' Re-
publican Nominee. Voting Number 7.
DR. ED.'E, HILLJ
Fop CORONER.
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLE'S
PARTY NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . . -■'''' '-'.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELLI
FOR CORONER
AND Till- DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
"D TT C IJ I7 C FOB BARBERS. BAX- i
Ofi U IkJIJ Eiij ♦«». bootblacks, bath-
w housea, billiard table*. I
brewers, bookbinders.'- candy- makers, :« -nners, :
(Jvers. flourmills. foundries. laundries, r paper-
bangers, .- printer*, painters. sho« factorte«, !
ctablemen. t«r-roof«r9. tanners, tailors. etc.
• BUCHANAN
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento St
AKT7SEMENTS. :[: [
CHUTES AND ZOO!
- / ■ . ,-■"
EVERY AFTERNOON MIND j
EVENING. 1
NEW BILL IN THE FREE THEATER, i
DURNO, the Prince of PrestidiKitateurs;
MARIE ICELLAR, Operatic Soprano; STEINy-
LE and SIMiIEN. Character Slngring Duo; ED
O'COXXOn, the "Irish Lad"; MLLE. OAR-
NKTT. Novelty Slack Wire Artiste; ARTURO
SALVINI. Lyric Tenor, and NEW MOVING
pictures: :..-. '- ■
. EVERY .THURSDAY— Night.
SEE ' "BEAUTY," THE HANDSOMEST '
: ."-HORSE ox earth: ..-
lCc, Including Zoo and Theater; Children, Be; |
Sundays and Holidays, 10c. . '. ■-..;. ■ ." • -
COLUMBIA THEATER— Extra.
. THURSDAY AFTERNOON. NOV. 10TH,
at 3 o'clock. : -.
The Chaanlns Auxiliary Announce* a Lee- i
ture by - .'■•
WILLIAM ARMSTRONG,
The Eminent Critic, on : .. .
♦'AMERICAN COMPOSERS," !
. ■ Assisted by -
Fritz Bcheel and His Symphony Orchestra
Popular Price5... ...... i......50c".. 75c and %1. :
Pale of eeats--wIH begin Monday Morning at j
Sherman, Clay & Co.'s and at the Theater. ■
CONCERTS AND' RESORTS.
NATIVE SONS' HALL.
WEDNESDAY EVENING. NOV. 9TH.
Grand : Testimonial Benefit to
; MR.-FRANK MATHIEU. !
• Tendered by. His Many Friend*.
Aa - Attractive "Musical . and" Drarnatlo Pro-
BSSKifeiV^'^tfl^flßK^ gramme. * *■ *
Reserved Beats ........;.$1 |
■ On MJe at Sherman, Clay '&' Co.'b on : and i
after ■ Monday moraine. .;.- ; - |
ENTHUSIASM FOR
FRANK D . RYAN
Great Demonstration at
Sacramento.
BIG PRELIMINARY PARADE
SIDEWALKS BOURGEONED WITH
CHEERING CROWDS.
Candidate for Congress Discusses the
Record of His Opponent and
Is Followed by Judge
Carpenter.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 6.— The closing
Republican meeting was held to-night
at the old pavilion. The accompanying
torchlight procession brought thou
sands of people upon the streets. The
outpouring was significant of the strong
Republican sentiment which prevails in
this community. All of the campaign
clubs were in line. Several bands were
distributed through the long proces
sion, and as they blared forth patriotic
airs anvils were fired at the street in
tersections and rockets shot high into
the air. Unbounded enthusiasm was
manifested both in the procession and
en the thronged sidewalks, and the
demonstration was certainly compli
mentary to Frank D. Ryan, Republican
candidate for Congress in this district,
mainly in whose honor it was given.
Jacob H. Neff. candidate for Lieuten
ant Governor, wired that he could not
be present, adding that Placer County
would roll up a handsome majority. A
guest of honor during the evening was
Supreme Justice Van Fleet.
Cheer upon cheer made the old pa
vilion tremble when Frank D. Ryan
arose to address the 3500 people there
assembled. He was introduced by Dr.
G. C. Simmons, who said that Mr. Ryan
was a Sacramento born and reared boy,
whose record was as an open book to
all the capital's citizens, and the peo
ple of this district were determined to
send him to Congress.
Mr. Ryan spoke briefly, saying that
this was a Republican district and that
there was no reason why he should not
defeat his fusionist opponent. He said
the Silver Republicans were fast com
ing back into the ranks, having dis
covered that they had made a mistake
when they separated from the Repub
lican party. He spoke of the benefits
resulting from the protective tariff, re
stored since McKinley took office, as
serting that the interests of California
were involved in a continuance of that
policy. He declared that even his op
ponent, Marion de Vries, could not re
frain from praising the administration
and its protective measures, because he
realized that this district had received
substantlal^-beneftt from those meas
ures; but all the same De Vries stood
in with his Democratic allies in voting
against the Dingley bill.
Mr. Ryan, continuing, said that De
Vries was praising the administration
for its conduct of the war; yet the rec
ords, which Ryan said he carried in
his pocket, showed that De Vries voted
against the administration's war reve
nue bill. He challenged De Vries to
show wherein this district had received
any benefit from De Vries' term as j
Congressman. It was true that a re- j
commendation had been made for an {
appropriation for the improvement of
the Sacramento River, and a commis
sion appointed, but that had been done
during the incumbency of another
Congressman. Mr. Ryan said that, be
ing a Republican, he would be with thfe
majority in Congress and would be in
a better position to obtain favorable
legislation for this district than would
De Vries, who is a Democrat and in the
minority.
Judge R. B. Carpenter of Los An
geles was the next speaker. He said
Henry T. Gage was a neighbor of his,
and he knew that if there were any
corporation that thought it could run
Henry T. Gage it would find itself eere
giously mistaken. If Henry T. Gaere
were elected Governor — and he would
be — he would be Governor of this State,
and every inch a Governor, declared
Judge Carpenter.
The speaker referred to what he
termed the base calumnies that were
uttered against Supreme Justices Mc-
Farland and Van Fleet. He said if
ever there were a man on the Supreme
bench who typified honesty and Roman
firmness it was Justice McFarland.
Judge Carpenter said Judge Van Fleet
had long presided on the SuDerior
bench of Sacramento County, and
ADVERTISEMENTS. ______
1 Sunday
Illi vDleeerv DIeeer
'"^iiii^^^p 1 °* most excellent- French'
y 'H^^fflF % 4 cooking, full course, with
■$?{! S rfpf Ghauche & Bon's Sauterne,
$ll I ' SBS B - $1. This v wine is served
r t ggsSo -B-«!!{ v 4i with Sunday dinners only.
r * ? M SS!&|IjJS, ' Other days, a good quality
. :/y: /y '' : '!±IZ of claret goes with dinner
* fMiMM^i^- -^ ' '" B "Tr^iTP » ■ or lunch. ' ; - "
VMlW®lwi^i^rl!+Ti' !^- • Full coursa French dinner,' with wine. $1. :
'"^^^^•••'V^lvCSJsci? t^-'l-l' '•"' Full course French lunch, with wine, 75c.
' '^fasSii&lm *' , _liJ33*»'?^'O / Light refreshments at popular prices.
j ?'•".'<"-" '%*** Spreckels Rotisserie,
:- JOHN 3. BEBNON. ALBERT WOLFF. Isht Floor, Call Building.
o 00 o op o 0009
gw PALACE V *«
g GRAND aoTBLs q
j: : BAN [FRANCISCO. I , T
" Connected. by a covered passageway. -]*
P 1400 Rooms— POO With Bath Attached. V ;
© ■ ' All Under ; One v Management. . ; Q)
j O ■■-' '"• ' ; ; HOTS THE : PSICES: \ ; ;■. •[. ■- - Q :
X European Plan. .oo per day and upward -« '
V American Flan. s3.oo per day and upward V
ft '.:•- -■' Correspondence; Solicited,'- :-«.•. • :-; ft
i X ■ 'OEM 0. lIBKPA7RICK, Miatgcr. • • Vq)
Jo © qo o6ooo
R3iS|OK.:fIALL'S REINVIGORATOR
WSJJSJKa "Five ..undred reward for any case
91 Hwe cannot cure. This secret remedy
'I stops all looses -in-; 24 hours, cures
faff " tSS Emissions, > Impotency. Varicocele.
M [MR Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits. Strictures.
UmUI % i*V Lost Manhood and all wasting ef-
*s&. *<£& fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent
Bkaßi sealed. J2 bottle; 3 bottles, $6; roar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN.
BTITUTE,, £55 1 Broadway, s Oakland. Cal. Also .
for sale at 1012% ■ Market - St., * 8. F. All v pri- ;
vate dlseeEßee quickly cured. Send for Tree boo*.
THE SAX FRAIS CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
BOLLINGER STILL
IN THE RACE FOR
THE SHRIEVALTY
Report Tf)at He Had Withdrawn
Fron) tf)e Santa Clara Fight
Was a Rea Canard.
SAN JOSE, Nov. s.— The Democratic County Central Committee
denies that George T. Bollinger has got out of the fight for Sheriff,
and his friends announce he is a sure winner. The story circulated
yesterday that he had withdrawn at Rea's request to help elect Lang
ford is denounced as false and was started by the gang to hurt Bol
linger. Secretary Denike of the Democratic County Central Commit
tee stated this evening that Bollinger would stay in to the end and be
elected Sheriff. He said Bollinger was anti-gang and that Rea did not
want to sec him elected. George Y. Bollinger also branded the story
as false and said that under no condition would he get out of the
fight and let Rea elect Langford. The fallowing signed statement was
given to The Call at Democratic Committee headquarters:
To the Editor of the Call: In your paper yesterday morning a tele
graphic communication appeared "dated San Jose" to the effect that
George Y. Bollinger, Democratic candidate for Sheriff, has been "hauled
down." The statement is absolutely false, and Is being circulated by Bol
llnger's political enemies. He has not withdrawn and has never had any
intention of doing so, but Is In the race to win. The Democratic County
Committee denies the falsehood and the entire statement in toto so far as
Bollinger is concerned.
doubtless the people of this county
knew him. This remark was greeted
with cheers.
"I see you know him," assented Car
penter, after the applause had sub
sided.
Carpenter declared that Judge Van
Fleet in the Fox case had simply fol
lowed the law which had come down to
him, and which had been recognized by
all the courts of the State before him.
He criticized Congressman De Vries for
having voted for portions of the Ding
ley bill while it was in process of for
mation in order to conciliate the farm
ers of his district and then voting
against the whole bill after it had been
prepared and came up for passage.
Referring to the railroad question,
Carpenter said it had no more to do
with thi3 campaign than James G. Ma
guire would have to do -with the office
of Governor for the next four years.
He said Maguire was merely trying to
shield his single tax doctrine, whose
fallacies Judge Carpenter proceeded to
expose. ________^__
REA DENOUNCED BY
DEMOCRATIC ORATORS
Delmas Styles the Boss a Petty
Despot and His Henchmen
Freebooters.
SAN JOSE, Nov. s.— The Democrats
closed their campaign in this county
to-night with a rousing meeting that
packed the Auditorium, many being
compelled to stand. The enthusiasm
was unbounded. An unusually large
number of ladies were present. Thomas
C. Hogan called the meeting to order
and introduced Hon. D. M. Delmas as
chairman. Delmas spoke at length. He
complimented the beauty of the sur
roundings of San Jose and Santa Clara
Valley.
"Influences have sprung up In this
valley and city," said the speaker,
"that menace our institutions, corrupt
its people and sap its very life and
prosperity. The corrupt and demoral
izing rule dominating our affairs is a
matter of daily talk. Amid the beauty
of our homes is a petty despot, sur
rounded by a gang of freebooters, who
invade our homes, extend their evil in
fluences to the public schools and even
show their heads within the portals of
the sanctuary of God. Of what is the
manhood of Santa Clara comprised
that it does not rise and break these
shackles; that the voters do not de
clare themselves American freemen
with the right to rule themselves? Are
you men turned over, bound hand and
foot, that you must have your public
affairs subjected to a boss? Fair
women, are you to have your homes in
vaded by the minions of the boss, your
sons blighted and their careers sub
jected to the dictation of a single
man?"
W. H. Alford, ex-chairman of the
Democratic State Committee, followed
in a lengthy speech. He said the rail
roads controlled the Republican party.
James H. Campbell, Democratic
nominee for District Attorney, followed
with a short talk.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
Rev. John Reid, Jr., £of • ■'■■ JtfTiyT^.
Great Falls, Mon. , recom- /§s>fi|ji| gaij\
mended Ely's Cream Balm ; * /&&£#«e«>lj>l
to me. I can emphasize his M^ c °<«& J^oJ
statement, "It is a positive T «"W >Ms/
cure for catarrh if used as : &-^:^ XJ &£//M
directed. ''—Rer.^F. >*' V^c^jtf
Poole, Pastor Cent' l Pres.
Church. Helena, Mon. ' Mmmm^lm^
. Cream j balm Is ''■■ placed U Into the . nosuua. 1
spreads over the mebrane.and Is absorbed.^ Re-
lief Is immediate and a cure follows. ' It 1 is not
drying— does - not produce : sneezing.* r Large 50c;
Trial Size JOcr at Druggists or by mall. ;' ' ;
ELY BROTHERS', '66 Warr*n St.; ■ New York.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
'. . ft Ac "in?i -' Full Set of Teeth s -•• : V;
' '^r Js / «iv - : "' extracting freefcoonp
.■■^^j-AJbfr^y' Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
i^ I —^af UffiJ^V' Fillings - - — as cts. up
:*s J^-8^ BPa^ & Open Evenings & Sundaf*
ff^Ki VAN VROOM
«WiIT Electro Dental Parlors
and WlarkttS
jr , Or. OW. Kiei««r, Prpp,:
A. R. DENIKE. Secretary.
T. C. HOGAN, Chairman.
JUDGE MAGUIRE
AT SANTA CRUZ
Welcomed With Boom
of Cannon.
ADDRESSES A LARGE CROWD
ATTENDANCE ESTIxdATED AT
FIFTEEN HUNDRED.
Delivers an Address at the Armory
on the Issues of the Cam
paign in Thi3
State.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. s.— Maguire and
Hutchison had the town to-night. They
arrived on the broad-gauge this even
ing and were met at the depot by mem
bers of the Democratic and People's
party Central committees and taken to
the St. George Hotel for dinner.
With the booming of cannon and mu
sic by the city band the enthusiasm of
the people was shown. Before starting
for the armory, where the speaking
took place, there was a parade and red
lights were burned along the avenue.
Maguire was greeted at the armory by
a salute from cannon.
The armory was crowded to the doors,
at least 1500 people being present. As
Maguire entered the hall he was greeted
■with cheers.
On the platform were the following
Democrats and Populists: J. J. Doran,
Thomas Beck, W. P. Netherton, E. A.
Middleton, A. J. Cope, William Pringle.
John Janson, J. L. Wright, John L.
Moore, John Walsh, Wlllet Ware and
Mrs. E. Z. Roache.
J. J. Doran, chairman of the Demo
cratic Central Committee, announced
that Hon. Thomas Beck would be chair
man of the meeting.
The candidate for Governor was pre
ceded by two speakers, Mrs. E. Z.
Roache, nominee for Superintendent of
Schools, and W. P. Netherton, nominee
for District Attorney.
Maguire then addressed the people on
the issues of the campaign. He received
hearty applause throughout.
GILROY CITIZENS HEAR
THE "LITTLE GIANT"
GILROY, Nov. s.— James G. Maguire
addressed the citizens of Gilroy be
tween trains at Music Hall this after
noon. The band was out to welcome
him. His entrance to Gilroy was not.
marked by any unusual demonstration.
Ex-Mayor Casey met him and accom
panied him in a carriage to Music Hall.
There he received an ovation.
Mr. Casey introduced Mr. Maguire,
who made a short speech, in which hn
denounced the monopolists of the State.
He said the disciples of Jefferson ami
the Silver Republicans, the disciples of
Abraham Lincoln, were standing hand
in hand in this fight against the mon
opolists. He believed in equal rights to
all.
MR. LOUD GIVEN AN
OVATION AT GILROY
Addresses by Far tlie Largest Politi
cal Gathering That Has Yet
Assembled in the Town.
GILROY, Nov. s.— By far the most en
thusiastic crowd that has yet gathered
during the campaign honored Congress
man E. F. Loud at Music Hall to-night.
Long before the appointed hour for the
opening of the meeting the streets were
thronged with people from the adjacent
towns.
The San Ysidro contingent was escprted
to town by the Gilroy band. Floats ahJ
transparencies expressing approval of Mr.
Loud and Supervisor George E. Rea were
prominent in the parade. The combined
forces met the Morgan Hill and Madron e
delegations, the latter over 100 strong, ac
companied by the Madrone band. Music
and huzzahs filled the air as the parade
lighted the streets and the greatest en
thusiasm prevailed.
Mayor H. R. Chesborro presided at
Music Hall and introduced George T.
Dunlap as chairman.
Mr. Loud was heartily received, and
made an excellent speech on State issuer.
He was frequently applauded. T. H.
Hutchlnson, the silver-tongued orator,
closed the evening with one of his able
speeches.
Installation of v Pastor.
Rev. J. T. Sunderland, the new paster
of the First Unitarian Church of Oak
land, will be publicly installed this
evening at 7:30 o'clock. After In
troductory services of wordship, con
ducted by the Rev. N. A. Haskell
of San Jose, the installation ser
mon will be preached by Rev. Ho
ratio Stebbins D.D. of San Francisco.
The hnnd of fellowship in behalf of the
clergy will be extended by Rev. George
R. Dodson of Alameda, and in behalf rf
the laity by Charles A. Murdock of San
Francisco. The charge to the minister
will be given by Rev. A. J. Wells of San
Francisco, and the charge to the church
by R«v. W. B. Geoghegan of Berkeley.
URGES ELECTION
OF HENRY T. GAGE
Letter of a Prominent
Vineyardist.
MAGUIRE SHOULD BE BEATEN
HIS TRIUMPH WOULD BE THE
STATE'S LOSS.
New System of Advertising Califor
nia in the East Futile if the
Single-Tax Prophet Is
Successful.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Nov. s.— The following
open letter from a prominent vineyard
ist, which was published In the Fresno
Republican, has created a sensation
here and opened the eyes of land own
ers to the results that would follow the
election of Maguire:
An Appeal to My Fellow-Vlneyardists
and Vineyard Workers:
Our State is richer In natural resources
than any in the Vnion, yet we are not as
prosperous as we should be.
The reason why business here stag
nates and times are hard and the values
of realty low is in the fact that we can
not get the well to do people of the East
to come here and settle among us and to
invest their money here. It is for this
reason mainly that employment' is often
scarce, labor cheap and sometimes idle
and interest always high. Recognizing
this fact, some of the principal vineyard
ists of this State, myself included, have
fitted out a lecturer, who is now traveling !
in the East for the purpose of drawing
the attention of the well to do people
there to the great change which has late
ly taken place in the prospects of Cali
fornia, by reason of the acquisition of
islands in the Pacific and of a com
petitive line of railroad to this State.
These lectures are in progress now and
will be continued for six months to come
and will be supported by expensive litera
ture bearing on these subjects for which
I am paying individually. The receipt Is
sure to bring people and money to thij*
State and to better our condition. Bring
ing money will decrease the rate of in
terest which business men and fanners
i are now paying.
Every man who makes his living as a
producer or a laborer directly or indirect
ly in this State is interested in the suc
cess of this movement.
Many homes in the interior of our State
have been almost valueless for some
years, because no one came who wanted
them. Wages have been low be
cause interest was high, work has
been scarce because the employers
were impoverished by payment of *ugh
Interest and by business stagnation. But
If we elect Mr. Maguire we cannot hope
I for a betterment of our condition. The
well to do people of the East will not
come here to invest their money if a man
who takes the leadership of our political
life proposes to experiment in tax legisla
tion, as does Mr. Maguire.
The richest land on earth can be finan
cially ruined by unfavorable legislation.
People will not buy or build homes in a
country which is threatened with experi
mental legislation.
Mr. Maguire is a politician who uses
every means for his political advance
ment, but Mr. Maguire is not a successful
business man. nor is he properly sup
ported in his immediate following by men
jof good business judgment. I hold that
! the Examiner supports Mr. Maguire not
because his leadership in politics would
better our condition, but because it has a
grudge against the Southern Pacific Rail
road and because Mr. Hearst owes a debt
of gratitude individually to Mr. Maguire,
who defended him against the persf-nal
attacks of Grove Johnson In Congress.
I myself am a persistent opponent of
the Southern Pacific Railroad policy, and
the large amount of freight which I con
trol is shipped by opposition lines when
ever possible, but I earnestly call upon
the right-minded people of this county
and of this State not to allow Their ani
mosity against the Southern Pacific Rail
road on account of their past policy to
induce them simply because he asks it to
j vote for Mr. Maguirj. Whatever our
I feelings may be against the railroad men,
i we cannot afford to injure our own inter
• ests for the purpose of spiting them. We
I cannot afford to elect Mr. Maguire. Mr.
' Maguire's election would not hurt the
; railrnail: it would injure the State and
i particularly ourselves, the producers and
j wage-workers, and it certainly would
defeat our movement of bringing well-to
do-people and money to this State.
G. H. MALTER.
Marine Engineers' Ball.
The Marine Engineers' Benevolent As
sociation No. 35 is making 1 extensive prep
arations for a ball to be given on Thanks
giving eve. November 23. This will be the
sixteenth annual ball given by the asso
ciation, and tha members hope to make
It even more successful than the preced
ing ones have been. Odd Fellows' Hall
lias been engaged for the occasion.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
CATARRH TCURED
FOR $5.00 A MONTH,
MEDICINES FREE.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN ."• EXPERT
SPECIALISTS cure Catarrh, also Consump-
tion in the first and second stages,* and. Chronic
Diseases generally.; They have bean established
for ■26 ■ years - and - are -■ Incorporated . under the
laws of California for $250,000. ;-. ■,-.-';; •__• : , ■•/;" ;
. ; Free Consultation and Advice. ..r
Also treatise on any disease at office or by mall.
ENGLISH : AND GERMAN SPECIALISTS, i
t 731 Market St., San Francisco,' Cal.
TAKE ! ELEVATOR. Hours. .8• to 6, dally.
' Evenings, 7 to 8. k , Sundays, 9 to 11. .....-■-■
' STANDARD MIXED "/. :
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS' PRICE/ "
*yc[c Per
i tJ Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon. '• "
. 'Color Card i Sent Free. ,-•.„••■
; ■ r Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
! busweijTpaint co.,
302 Market St., Cor. f Front, j S.F.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL, <:
KEAiIN V- AND iWAfc*HUMGTON ? BTS.— RB.
- modeled ■ and renovated. KING, WARD A
' CO. European plan. Rooms 60e to $1 60 day,
$5 to |8 week. $8 to *30 month. Free bath*; bat
and cold water every room: flr« grate* In every
room; elevator runa til night. ■■fe.au&maswm ; I
»-■ — ■. ■-- ■'',-. ' -: :«■ y.■ ' ' - --. ■ ■ ■ . . . i li !!■—!■ Hi iilWftM* Mm
ADVERTISEMENTS.
freeTu¥flbaiJnels
Trial Package of a Remarkable Remedy to Convince
People It Actually Grows Hair.
Prevents Hair Falling Out, Removes Dandruff, Stops Itching and
Restores Luxuriant Growth to Shin-
ing Scalps.
• MISS EMMA EMOND.
(Before Bendtng for a Free Trial Package.) (After Using Free Trial and Following Directions.)
| wrapper so that It may be tried privately at
home.
Thoe« who are losing their hair or have
parted with their locks can have it restored
by a remedy that is sent free to all. A Cin-
cinnati firm has concluded that the best way
to convince people that hair can be grown on
any head is to let them try it and see for
themselves. All sorts of theories have been ad-
vanced to account for falling hair, but after
all, it is the remedy we are after and not the
theory. People who need more hair, or are
anxious to save what they have or from sick-
ness, dandruff or other causes have lost their
hair should at once send their name and ad-
dress to the Altenhelm Medical Dispensary, 136
Selves building, Cincinnati, 0., and they will
forward prepaid by mall, a sufficient free trial
package of their remedy to fully prove its re-
markable action in quickly removing all trace
of dandruff and scalp diseases and forcing a
new growth of hair. The remedy Is not a new
experiment and no one need fear that it is
harmful. It cured John Bruner, postmaster,
of Mtllvllle, Henry County, Ind., and he strong-
ly urges every one to try It. A Methodist
preacher. Victor A. Faigaux, of Tracy City,
Term., was perfectly bald on his forehead for
many years, but has now a fine growth. Mrs.
C. W. Castleman, 843 Main street. Riverside,
Cal., reports her husband's shiny head now
covered with soft, fine hair, and she, too, has
derived wonderful benefit. Among others who
have used the remedy are George Dlefenbach.
general agent of the Big Four Railroad of
Dayton. 0., whose wife was entirely cured of
Daldne«s.
The president of Fairmount College, Sulphur,
Ky., Professor B. F. Turner, was bald for
thirty years and now has a splendid growth
of hair from having tried this remarkable rem-
edy. Write to-day for a free trial package.
It will be mailed securely sealed In a plain
Strong Drink is Death
: DR. CHARCOTS TONIC TABLETS
are the only positively guaranteed remedy for the
, Drink Habit, Nervousness and Melancholy caused
by strong drink. •:•■,•'■ " • - "'. — ._./'.'
■ -IV <»IA«AIVTKE FOUR BOXES '
: to care any case with a jxKltlve
antrc or refund the money, and to destroy the -
- appetite for intoxicating Ilqnor^-*jggggflj;fc^jgjjtajgcl
THE TABLETS CAN BE GIVEN WITHOUT
.-;:;-, KNOWLEDGE OF THE PATIENT.
: CTDniIC 001111/ «■«»*• Misery. Poverty. .
OlnUilb UnlriKand Death. Upon receipt
- . of 110-00 tv» will mall yon four (4] boxes and post- •■
£lvo written grnnrante** to cure or refund ■
: ' -Onrrrono?. v, •**«*- ' — •••ah  ...
■ GEORGE DAHLBENDER & CO.. Sole Agt».,
.214 Kearny st., San i Francisco. ;■ - ' , , ■
DEWEY.STRONG ftCQ-^jgEV
(1 rr a PATENTSf a)
>g^33QMARKET:Sr.Sf.SS<
golden /witsmfe?
i
, In Loveland, Colorado, there is a man named Park, who. is en- :
gaged in merchandising, and /he calls his place the Golden Rulo
Store." When opportunity offers, this gentleman never fails to recom-
■ mend Kipans Tabules and to give his own experience with them, which'^?
he relates as follows: "For fully twenty-five years I have been an
asthmatic. As a general thing throughout the winter, I have to re-
main indoors at least three- or four days in each month. . I have suf*
fered a great deal — all the precautions I might take did not keep ()
;: me free from these terrible attacks. About eighteen months ago Iv :
commenced [taking RI PANS ; TABU to regulate -; my' stomach. •■ ' I ;•.-;;
..am of a bilious temperament, and as soon as I become bilious .[.am;.'
sure to have attacks of asthma. The Tabules keeps my stomach all .^
right,. and for the past year I have not been confined the house at
all. :My asthma is not 'cured— but- the attacks are very slight. yljisa;.; ;
on an average two Tabules every Sunday ,- one on Wednesday aao ooi
m Friday/ ' . . .
WAS DEVOID OF HAIR.
PECULIAR PLIGHT OP A SALEM GIRL.
ENTIRELY BALD.
What a Trial Package of a Remedy Did
for Her.
The portraits of Miss Emma Emond show
what a striking difference is made in a per-
son when the bald head la covered with hair.
Mlv Emond was totally bald, the hair folli-
cles not only upon her head but upon her eye-
brows being completely contractc-d, not the
sign of a hair being found. Of course she was
the object of many experiments, all of which
failed, and the offer of a well known dispen-
sary to send a free trial of their remedy was
peculiarly alluring to her. She sent for the
free trial, followed all directions faithfully,
and soon she was rewarded by a growth of
hair, which for thickness, quality and luxu-
riance was as remarkable as the result was
gratifying. Miss Emond lives in Salem, Mass.,
at ?76 Washington street, and naturally feels
very much elated to recover from total bald-
ness. An itching scaip to people who are
blessed with hair is a sign of coming bald-
ness and should be attended to at once.
The remedy that caused Miss Emond' s hair
to grow also cures all scalp Itching and dis-
eases, removes dandruff and keeps the hair and
scalp healthy and vigorous. Trial packages
are mailed free to all who write to the Alten-
he!m Medical Dispensary, 13S Selves building,
Cincinnati, O.
? HO FOR THE
CAROLINE ISLANDS,
THE HANDSOME Al- IRON BARKENTINE *f
! ;||f||UlH||||||
Ay ILL SAIL ABOUT DECEMBER IST FOB
" Kuslac, Ponape'and Ruk, Caroline' Islands,
where our trading stations are. "" These . islands O
are i situated ; about i half way ■■ between . Hawaii 1 .
and the Philippines," and constitute part of what :?.
must •'■' soon •: become *' American - colonies. : ■ This t
vessel ' win be . fitted with .; first-class , accommo- .
dations \ for a ' limited number of ■": passengers,
and every opportunity will be given for a study .
of these beautiful and fruitful islands., of whose ; "'
wealth of resources so : little is i known. . ', For ? •
round trip,. voyage about five" months, 1 $350.
.J. F. CUNNINGHAM* CO.. •?
Owners, 14 Clay street, San. Francisco. . .■-.. ■- .
.- ■•'- '- ' W^| *
THE HOME REMEDY jfi&lfifiZi c"
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS if fhifji!
wring. Fcr all thesa pains, irregularities and difficulties no-
remedy on earth C, nn T)!/v Easily applied by lady her-
equa'i 'J-.s £amous3allU-Klll .elf. Believe* alt pain
.^CWJWpfe In Womb or Ovaries In 10 minute*. -
ffiKSSSHI Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea, Blood and ■
K&C^wVfl BlailderTroublcs, Fsintness, Jf ervousness. Fear
SS^yaJj and Despondency. Cares Leacorrhss, Womb
Bin Womb or Ovaries In 10 minute*.
Promptly relieves Headache, Nausea. Blood and
and Despondency. Cares Leucorrhsa, Womb
C'lmpUiiit*, DiKplaCFTnentg, Backache, Bearing
' ret*"'' *teJ "° lyn Fains anil all Female Disorden. / fAk
/HIT" * r^f\B«nl»he» Soreness and lllceratu>nii.£«*raV-;';s.
fl f^ttfMCheer* the ipirits and Vitalize* BlfJ * "-'
' V^iiSS^- Mho whole frame. Safe, Sure and \mfsf& ■
Absolutely Harmless. v One 60 cmt box will > <it*f' •
complete a cure in ordinary cues.
STnP<5 AI I PA!III SOLI> BY AU « druggists. \
OIUIO ALL rAllflor mailed m plain wrapper on receipt - •
IN )U M|NUTm> T*rFortcrtoCo.Caj«onßldt. CkleafO
ln-lU:K>l<lUlCu The PerreefoCo.C«lon ßids. Ckieajo'
! : Sold by Owl Drug Co., 8. F.;V and Oakland.
1112
«?AN FRANCISCO CALL
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— 627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
l&l Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 0:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
entil 9 o'clock.
106 Kleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
■treetß; open until 9 o'clock.
CHIKCU .NOTICES.
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a. m.
and 7:40 p. m. Subject, morning, "Mortals
and Immortals"; evening, "Hezekiah Re-
stores the Feast of Unleavened Bread." Sun-
day school for children, 11 a. m. Testimonial
meeting Wednesday evening at 8 o'clock. All
are welcome.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. Powell j
and Geary sta. — Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D.. i
pastor. Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. !
Music, morning — "Te Deum,' D minor (Ar- j
thur Foote); offertory, "The Better Land" i
(Cowan). On J_arth Peace. Peaoe Jubilee i
service, Calvary Presbyterian Church. Sun- j
day evening, Nov. 6, 1*98; pastor. Rev. John !
Hemphill, D.D.— Organ prelude in A l.Bu- I
tiste). Professor R. I>. Burness; invocation,
pastor; anthem, "Glory Be to God on High
and on Earth Peace," choir; hymn No. 32,
"All Hail the Power of Jesus' Name" (Buck),
congregation; prayer, Mr. H. J. McCoy, sec-
retary Y. M. C. A.; solo, "Battle Hymn of
the* Republic," Mr. W. C. Campbell, chorus
by congregation; address, "War as a Means
of Permanent Peace," Chaplain O. C. MUler,
Eighth California United States Volunteers;
solo and chorus, "Praise Him for His Glory
choir; address, "The Moral bide
of Army Life," Mr. H. J. McCoy, treasurer
Army Christian Commission; quartet and
solos, "How Lovely Are the Messengers,
from oratorio of St. Paul (Mendelssohn); ad-
dress, "Current Events," pastor; offering;
tenor solo. "Peace 1 Leave With You," Mr.
Herbert Williams; notices; hymn No. fciO.
"America," congregation; benediction. Chap-
lain O. C. Miller; organ poatlude, "Triumphal
March" (Lemmens), Professor R. D. Burness.
All are cordially invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
aye and Sacramento St.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie D.D., pastor. Rev. Ecwin H. Jenks.
co-paator. Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a m The evening service will be a praise
service. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. S,
at 6:15. Ali are welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion St.. bet. Sixth and Seventh— Dr. Charles
Edward Locke, pastor, will preach. Subject
at XI a. m., "Beginning at Jerusalem" ; at
7-30 p. m.. "Danger Signals No. 2, Politics,
Enemies of Home, etc." Sunday school. 1
p. m. ; Mr. R. V. Watt, superintendent. Chris-
tian Endeavor, 6: IS p. m. Seats tree. All in-
vited. This is a people's church. J. J. Mor-
ris, choir master. James Hamilton Howe,
organist.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post St..
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
7:30 p. m. Sunday school at 9:30 a. in. Rev.
F. B. Cherineton, D.D., pastor, will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject.
"Essentials of Religion"; evening subject,
"A Hard Saying of Christ's." The public
cordially invited.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ, 320
Post st.— Preachinc at 11 a. m. by W. W.
Green: 7:30 p. m. by F. M. Sheehy, who will
review Elder Nye of the Mormon faith on the
Mormon question. This church is the one
organized in 1830 by command of God and
never departed from the original doctrines.
All ar. welcome.
WEST SIDE Christian Church, Bush St., near
Devisadero— Morning service, 11 o'clock. Ser-
mon by Prof. S. M. Jefferson, dean of Berke-
ley Bible Seminary. Evening services , :4o
o'clock. Sermon by Prof. A. M. Elston.
tHE First Divine Science Church— M. E. Cra-
mer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; subject,
"Who Is the Inner Man?" Services every
Sunday in Yosemite Hall. Native Sons' build-
ing, Mason St., between Geary and Post.
Take elevator.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhood— Lodge No. 7.
(International Brotherhood League.)
(Theosophlcal Society in America.)
819 Market St.— Lecture to-night. "Holy
Bibles " Dr. J. A. Anderson; Tuesday night.
"Psychic and Spiritual Powers"; Saturday
night, "The Ethics of Liberty."
FRIENDS' Meeting— The opening meeting of
the Friends in the new place will be held at
Swarthmore Hall, Harrison St., near Second,
THIS FIRST DAY (SUNDAY) MORNING,
at 11 o'clock. Strangers are expected. All
are welcome. Friends' Union Sabbath school
at Sunshine Hall, Harrison St., near Sixth,
at 3 o'clock p. m.
tHEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock in Frater-
nal Hall. Odd Fellows' building. To-night,
"Three Waves of Creation," by Will C.
Bailey. Inquirers' meeting Tuesday, 8 p. m.,
and Thursday, 3 p. m. Lotus circle for chll-
dren every Sunday at 2:3" p. m.
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
PROFESSOR FRED BELL,
The prince of orators, will deliver his thrill-
ing new lecture at the Metropolitan Temple
this evening, November 6, entitled "Dreams
and Visions and Their Significance." Inter-
spersed by special solos; 10-cent collection at
the door. Doors open at 7:15, lecture com-
mences at 8 o'clock. Office at the Golden
W r est Hotel, from 10 a, m. to 8 p. m. daily.
SUNDAY Platform Association— Dr. York at
Scottish Hall, Larkin St.. this evening, on
"Gods and Ghosts." being a benefit lecture.
Dr. York will present to each auditor a
souvenir book of radical poems. Not less
than 15c collections.
_ME. FLORENCE MONTAGUE, the lecturer
for the Oakland Psychical Society, is going
Eastjfor a prolonged vacation; she leaves this
week for Chicago and other points; the soci-
ety takes a recess till her return; she wishes
her friends and patrons a loving farewell:
lOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists— Occidental
Hall, corner Larkin and McAllister sts., No-
vember 6, at 7:30 p. m. Speaker. Mrs. R. S.
Lillie: subject, "The Reign of Superstition."
Admission 10c.
1 TRUTH-SEEKER'S anti-fraud spiritualistic
meeting. Scottish Hall, 105 Larkin St., 2 p.
m.: slate writing explained and demon-
strated; prominent speakers; admission 10c.
IT Dr. Rines' Spiritual Society, SO9 Market;
11, free; 2-8. 10c. Mrs. GillinKham, Vigers,
Barclay. Dr. Carpenter, Mr. Hanson; tests;
Wednesday. 335 McAllister St., 8 p. m.
_T 320- Post st., Mystic Hall, this evening, at
8 o'clock, Mr. and Mrs. Plunkett, mental
scientists, will lecture; subject, "Names."
To close with a healing service. Free.
ISRS. SEAL, spiritual and business medium;
circle Wednesday, 2 p. m. ; Thursday, 8 p.
m. 280 Valencia st.
URS. HARLAND. interesting circle to-night;
tests; articles read; 10c; Orlando, Sixth and
Howard sts.
I— KATIE HEUSSMANN'S test meeting to-
night; 10c. 641 Jessie St., off Seventh; sit-
tings daily.
HRS. EBERHARDT, convincing tests, 8 p. m..
Excelsior, Mission St.. bet. 19th and 20th;
admission 10c.
j. MAYO-STEERS. 112>i Oak St.— Circle Tues-
day, 8 p. m. : Thursday, 2 p. m., 25c; readings
dally. $1.
EXTRAORDINARY test circle to-night by
LEANDER. 313 Eddy St.; every one gets a
tr*t; 25c.
(ME. YOUNG'S convincing test circle to-
night: 100. 605 McAllister; come skeptics.
5. V. MILLER'S etherealislng, materializing
seance, 8 p. m. ; 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
TEST meeting, 8 p. m.. 10c. 335 McAllister St.
Stitt, Nita. Mrs. Bird, Hargrave, others.
ARS. EGGERT AITKEN has moved to 120 Mc-
Allister, flat No. 1; sittlnes daily.
EDWARD EARLE, independent slatewriter.
330 Kllia st.
MEETING NOTICES*.
CALIFORNIA Lodge No. 1, F. and A. «
M. —1 he officers and members of ' the __%_
above ncmed lodge are hereby noti- jKjP
fled to attend the funeral of BROTHER f*W y
LEOMMI LITTLEFIELD, late a member of
Rising Star Lodge, F. and A. M., Stoughton,
I Mass--., -In St. - John's Hail, Masonic Temple,
THIS DAY (SUNDAY). November 6, at 2
. o'clock p.m. Master Masons and friends ot
the ' deceased are invited. By ; order of the
Master. . FRANKLIN H. DAY, Sec.
PACIFIC. Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., ft
7, 121 1 Eddy St., will meet THIS DAY __%_
■ (SUNDAY), at 2 p. m., to attend the >__«
i fun-era! of . our late . brother. LEWIS f^r\
HIOGINS, of j Mount Vernon ; Lodge No. 166, |
*> Qulncy, Mich. ; Master Masons and the fu-
neral committees are invited. "■
V\v :.:■-'■ GEORGE PENLINGTON, Secretary.
JROCKETT Lodge No. - 139, .F. and A. m
- M. -'-Officers and members are request- __%_
ed to attend the funeral of our de- T£ jf
ceased brother ANTON • WEITNER,
on SUNDAY, ■ November 6, at 1 p. m. . ' By. j
order of the Master. . - :
, . H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the stockhold-
ers of the California Wine Makers' corpora-
: - tion . will be held at the Chamber; of ; Com- I
merce, 431 California; St., San Francisco, on
.'WEDNESDAY, November 16, 1898, commenc-
% ing at 11 o'clock a. m. CALIFORNIA WINE
■MAKERS' CORPORATION. Per- W. J.
HOTCHKISS, : Secretary: and Manager. ; y. \
aACCABEES. San Francisco Hive No. 8. meets
FRIDAY EVENINGS, Stanford Hall, Alcazar
building. --- ■-;.:■■■■-,. ■:-.-. .>.^:t^----v'-/- - %■'". ■"'.'.■:
''300,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins; low
■ interest. UNCLE HARRIS. J . 15 Grant aye. .
. Eleventh, Branch •■• office of , Thß ' Ca-L
'-■'■ Subscription. and ads taken. -," v .' ;-.' j '■'";- .- : '.-,
■.■-.-... . . . - . ■■-■;.■■■. ■.--■■ * , ■. . .. .■■-■--■'.<-::■ ..':;■ i
SPECIAL ' NOTICES^, ; _
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections -made;
city or country. PACIFIC r COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room 6; tel. 6680.
DIVINE science and mental healing to-night.
Consult Mme. Jewel, 906 Market St.. rm. 37.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical ■ art
fails or no fee: free diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent -to any address In the -Unltea
• States :or Canada one year for $1 60. postage
: paid. ' •'•;,' ■" ■ ' ■ •■■■■-■
ROOMS papered from $3 ; wlh'te"(edw 1 h ' te " ( ed - 3 J I , up;
painting done. Hartmann PalntCo^343Jdjt^
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALB^
LADLES! we have a number of _ fla*-clas«
servants for all kinds of work. Call or tel-
ephone J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter.
SITUATION wanted by young woman for gen-
eral housework; wages $15. Call Monday at
1239 Market St.. near Ninth. ■
LADY, thorough housekeeper, wishes position;
competent to take entire charge or will take
charge of lodging-house. Call or address
j . 20058 Golden Gate aye. |
I FIRST-CLASS French cook, best of city refer-
| ences, wishes a situation. 316 Stockton at.-
' FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes situation;
wages $35. Address box 1831, Call office. ■ . ■ •
! COOK and wife desire positions in hotel or mi-
i stitution; competent and reliable; city or coun-
i try (country preferred). Call or address Cook,
SP2 Montgomery st., corner Jackson, room 21.
DRESSMAKER, reliable and stylish, wishes
engagements by day; city or country; also
ladles' tailoring. MRS. ENDREJAT, 699 Ellis.
WANTED— Any situation In email hotel or
lodging-house for board and lodging; highest
references. Address box 1809." Call office.
GERMAN woman wants place as cook jln I a
hotel or boarding-house; city or country. Call
at 940 Mission st. - :
YOUNG German lady wishes a place to do
house cleaning by the day. Address MRS.
M., 1133 Folsom st. . .
GOOD cook wants a situation in boarding
house or Institution; first-class references.
111314 Howard st.
GERMAN woman works by the day washing
and housework. Call 746 Howard st.
WANTED— Situation to do light housework or
take care of children by reliable woman; good
references. 142% Fourth st.
YOUNG, experienced married wqman wishes
child to board from 3 years up. Address
box 1698, Call office.
CAPABLE American housekeeper wishes posi-
tion in town or on farm; understands care of
milk and butter; references. Address box 1820,
Call office. .
RELIABLE girl wishes situation at general
housework; good references. Please call at
534 Mission st. ;
LADY wants position as cashier in restaurant;
could invest small capital in business.. Box
ISI7, Call office. .
GOOD woman wants position as housekeeper;
good cook; good sewer; would take care of
invalid or of a child; none but first-class
people need answer. Call at 522 Stockton st.
WANTED— By an American lady, age 39, a
position as housekeeper. Address MRS.
FRANCES WHITE. Oakland, Cal.
ELDERLY woman wants position : In small
family to do light housework; . good home;
moderate wages; city. Call or address MRS.
REED, 821 Shotwell st.
WANTED— by the day cleaning and
washing. 1417 Shotwell st. f
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position; city pre-
ferred. A. F.. 1941 Mission Branch office.
COMPETENT woman wants work of any kind
by the day; first-class laundress; reference.
Call at 21S0V_ Fifteenth St., near Noe. ■->:.-:
WANTED— Housework and washing by day.
Call 727,4 Natoma st., between Sth and 9th.
DRESSMAKER wishes work by - the : day in
families; cuts by a perfect tailor system; is
willing to do any kind of needlework. Ad-
dress box 1805, Call office.
AMERICAN woman with a boy wishes situa- j
tion as housekeeper or cook on ranch; best
of references. 1137 Mission st.
YOUNG girl wishes a place to assist In pay-
ment for board. Address box 1052, Call office.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes to do chamber-
work or pantrywork .in a hotel or restau-
rant. 919 Jessie st.
GERMAN lady wishes a position as house-
keeper or light housework. Address 1513
Jackson St. 
CAPABLE woman wants any kind of work by
the day: would take work home; laundress. '
616 Lombard st.
YOUNG German Voman take in washing; also
men's washing and mending. 1373 Minna St.,
near Fifteenth. -- -■■
$100, to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
SITUATIONS WASTED-
JAPANESE-CHINESE Agency; all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI, 30 Geary; tel. Grant 56.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 4U\i O'Farrell st.: teL East 425.
BY young man; understands horses, cows and
garden ; reference ; state the wages. . J. A.
MACDONALD, San Leandro, Cal.
WANTED— Situation by first-class delivery
man; city references; good driver. Address
J. T. R., 1510 Powell st.
JOB printer, IS years' experience in some of
the largest offices in East, would . like work-
ing Interest in Job office. W., 915 Eddy st.
SITUATION wanted; man and wife, American;
capable farmers; will work a place for
■wages or on shares; finest reference. Ad-
dress box ISO 7, Call office.
BACHELORS; married couple, capable, edu-
cated, want care of bachelor's country place;
wife good housekeeper. Box 1813. Call office.
GENTLEMAN and wife, thoroughly competent,
want charge of boarding-house, town or coun-
try; on salary or otherwise. Box 1812. Call.
MIDDLE-AGED man wants work as bed-
maker or in private family; intelligent and
handy with tools. Address box 1814, Call.
WOULD like to rent a small ranch where a
fair living can be made, or would like a po-
sition in country. Box 1599, Call office.
YOUNG Easterner with best of references,
wants situation in private . family: under-
stands horses and gardening; good all around
man. Box 1920, Call office.
GERMAN of advanced years who understands
farm work and the use of carpenter's tools,
desires a place , to work at -moderate wages.
Please address letters to L. JOOST, Harmony
Hotel, 735 Brannan st. .
WANTED— By a strong, honest boy . 16 years
old, living with his parents, a position: where
he can learn buggy and harness cleaning;
small wages. Address box 1600, Call office.
MAN and wife, German, wish positions In pri-
vate family or ranch; wife good cook; man
handy around house wages moderate. Box
; 1830, Call office.
JOB compositor; original ideas on artistic com-
position, desires situation: references. Box
' 1595, Call office. ..'■•- ■■' •-■■ :: " : ■ ■""• :-;
SHOE salesman; situation wanted; can fill in
time on i repairing. S. TIPPINS, 834 Tele-
graph aye., Oakland. 5
STEADY and reliable young ; man wishes to
find work in store or warehouse or do firing
for a stationary engine; will give from $20 to
$30 bonus for good position. Please answer to
box 1046. Call office.
STRONG young German wants steady work In
private place; honest and industrious; best
references. Address JOHN ZENSCHEL, 139
Fourth st. : - ■ . '-. ■••■•,-•
YOUNG man wants position ; in general mer-
chandise : store :in country or mining *. camp;
.*; experience and i reference. • Box : 1051, Call.
YOUNG ; Japanese wants : a place In lodging
house or family: well experienced and refer-
ence. , T. IMAI. 621 •* Jessie st.
AS engineer :or ■at any ; mechanical i work by
highly reliable young man of experience. ■ 8941
i Twenty-fourth st. -.•-. ' ■ -.■-.-■ '.. >, -
GEARY, Young " man good appearance;
\ good home; small wages; references: after
10 a. m. - : , ..-, .;•--- --'■■•.■ •> " : ,/:^'.';';.
FIRST-CLASS bread and cake baker wishes
.position. Address 1522 Polk st. : , .: . :
STRONG ; young ' German desires - situation of
any kind; strictly, temperate. ; Box 1802. Call.
YOUNG man ■ of good address wants employ-
. ment. ; Address box . 1806,-; Call office.
WAN'I~->— Position by -young man in private
place; 'experienced in care of > horses and
work around | place in general; best of refer-
. ences. - Please state wages and address N. T.
I M.. 321 Ellis St. .'•■ .' ■■,:■:.;:, :■:.;: ■■■.--- _:-: ■;*: ...-■-.
THOROUGH and competent shipping and city
delivery man; can take exclusive charge of
:■ any wholesale or retail house in the city; 10
•> years' experience; best of . reference. Box
•';■- 1038, : Ca11. ;.-.-..•;■-• .:-. - :" ,;':. - : .. ■ ■ '•\r.
INTELLIGENT man wants position around
- private • place; handy at any : kind of work; 6
■ years :in last place; best of - references. •- Box
1049, Call. : ... -: :..'..:-■---".-^. • , V: ----:
FIRST-CLASS German I baker, on " bread : and
. cakes: ■Is able to make : his ■ own • stock yeast;
city or country; also second hand. 342 Clem-
.... entina st. •3is.'«"s^jsS32J : '^SsSfe^SS^^^i^SS3?^
THOROUGH engineer and machinist I years 'of
experience In - city ; and ; mines.' Address ; En-
gineer, 777 Market St.; : r >
German I porter - and I bedmaker I wishes I position;
. ■< handy with tools. i Box 173,1 Call office. v.; ;.
$100,000 to loan on safes. : buggies, oil paintings;
-. ctrtctest ■ privacy. c Uncle Harris, , 15 Grant aye.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third at., : near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms; 25c to $1 60 night; $1 50 to $6
: week; : convenient ■ and respectable; - fro* bus
■ and baggage to and from ferry. *-"'.'■* ?-1:i-;^
'..■ ■ . •
THE SAX FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
2 WAITRESSES, city, $20; 2 waitresses, south,
$22 50, half fare paid; 4 chambermaids to
wait, $20; chambermaid to wait, country, fare
paid. $20; fancy ironer for first-class hotel
laundry, $25 to $30, call early; plain laun-
dress for city hotel, $20; 3 restaurant wait-
resses, $5 and $6. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
4 COOKS, $20 and $25; 10 German and 5 Swed-
ish girls for housework, city and country. $20
and $25; 25 girls for city and country, $12 to
$25: nurse girl for 1 child In hotel, sleep
home; places for girls of all nationalities;
parlor maid, city references, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
GERMAN nursery governess, one accustomed
to care of children about 7 to 10 years old;
one who can travel; $25. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED— 2 waitresses, same country hotel
Girls for housework and cooking, country;
ranch cooks. $20. MURRAY & READY, 634
and 636 Clay st.
SECOND girl and sewing, $25; 8 cooks In
American and German families, $25 and $30;
German nurse, grown children, $26; waitress,
nice country restaurant, $25; 40 young girls
for housework at $15, $20 and $25. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter 9t.
LADIES to embroider; good-paying, easy work
sent to your home; addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROI-
DERY WORKS, 23 Duane St., New York City^
FIRST-CLASS designer for infanta' caps and
hats for factory; state experience anJ parti-
culars. Box 1810, Call office.
WANTED— A thoroughly experienced fine i-hirt
operator; electric power. 231 Powell st.
WANTED— A ffirl for hand fancy work. 231
Powell at.
YOUNG girl to assist In housework: Bleep at
home; wages $S per month. Call at 431 Va-
lencia bt. after 6 p. m.
OPERATORS wanted on overalls. 33 Battery
st., upstairs.
WANTED— A middle-aged woman to car« for
2 children. Apply at 870 Folsom st.
NEAT girl. 16 to 18, for light housework. 1413
O'Farrell St., near Laguna.
WANTED— Experienced operator* for our
white and flannel shirt department; also a
limited number of young girls will be taken
for Instruction. Standard Shirt Factory,
Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— A girl for chamberwork. 8 Mason
street.
WANTED — Talent for amateur night at the
Olympla; liberal terms to right parties. Ap-
ply manager Olympia, Eddy St., corner Ma-
son, dally, 1 to 3 p. m.
WANTED— Young girl for light housework.
1198 Treat aye., corner Twenty-fifth st.
APPRENTICE for dressmaking. Call Mon-
day; MRS. ROBERTSON. 112 Eighth St.
YOUNG girl light housework; small family.
2042 O'Farrell st., near Devisadero.
EXPERIENCED waitress wanted. 226 McAl-
llster st.
YOUNG girl to go across bay to assist in light
housekeeping; good home; small wages. Call
after 1 to-day, 1050 Golden Gate aye.
WANTED-Two neat young girls to assist pro-
prietor In roadside resort; one playing piano
preferred. Address box 1501. Call Office.
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady employment. 516 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $12. Apply
2042 Green Bt.
YOUNG girl to assist with child and light
housework. 2403H California st.
WANTED— Women and girls to work on fruit.
376 San Jose aye.
MILLINER wants assistant trimmer: also ap-
prentices. Call Monday noon, 251S Mission st.
LADIES'. Now is the time to learn dressmak-
ing and millinery; we teach the world-re-
nowned McDowell system of dress cutting,
late improvement; every branch of dressmak-
ing thoroughly taught; easy payments; un-
limited lessons; all are Invited to visit our
school. The McDowell Dressmaking and Mil-
linery School, 103 Post st.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
WANTED— 2 young girls learn waiting in din-
ing room. 116 Turk st.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free; patterns, 25c up. McDowell's, 103 Post.
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts; a
few inexperienced hands taken and taught.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36H Fremont st
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S: good position*;
patterns, 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
HELP WAA'TED-HALE.
MURRAY & READY.... MURRAY & READY,
Leading Employment and Labor Agents
Want Monday, 7 a. m
86 more men for ARIZONA
FREE FARE.
93 2 and 4 horse teamsters $1 85 to $1 75 day
36 laborers $1 75 day
To the Sawmills and Woods
93 laborers $26 and found
To the Farms, etc
25 farm and orchard hands, $26, $25, $20 and
found
3 milkers $30 and $25 and found
Married Farmers and wives
3 chore boys $15 and $10 and found
3 boye to do chores on ranches.. slo and found
3 stablemen, city $30 and found
24 teamsters, city jobs $175 day
26 laborers, city jobs $1 75 day
3 laborers, city manufacturing company
15 laborers, lime kiln, country
3 boys to learn trades $3 week
54 woodchoppers $2 50 and $1 cord
95 tiemakers Be, 9c and lie each
Sawyer for planlng-mlll
10 Italian laborers $26 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634-636 Clay st.
3 CARPENTERS, country Job, $2 50 day.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
TAILOR, country Laundryman, hotel.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay st.
BUTCHER, near city .' Barber, country.
MURRAY & READY, 634-636 Clay St.
COOKS Waiters Dishwashers
5 hotel cooks $50, $40 and $35 and $30
6 restaurant cooks $50, $45. $25 and found
2 cooks for Seattle $100
6 dishwashers $25, $20 and $15 and found
8 waiters $30, $25, $20 and found
2 waiter boys $15 and found
MURRAY & READY.
634-836 Clay st.
2000 LABORERS and rockmen wanted for work
in British Columbia on the
Skaguay and White Pass Railroad.
They have sub-contracts, and Btatlon work,
both rock and earth.
They pay $1 to $1 50 per yard for rock.
They pay 25c to 35c per yard for earth.
They pay 30c per hour for laborers, witX
privilege to put In all the extra time pos-
sible. Guarantee steady employment to day
laborers.
They have miles of side-hill station work.
All supplies furnished sub-contractors and
station men at reasonable prices. Not neces-
sary to board in company's camp.
Go now! Fare only $16, including meals on
board the steamer from here to Skaguay. via
Seattle. Go now, before the fares go up.
Apply for tickets to
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st., San
Francisco.
6 ROUGH rock quarrymen, $2 a day. 15c fare;
10 slate splitters, $2 50 a day, see boss here;
10 woodchoppers, $1 50 a. cord, 14-lnch oak:
2 laborers for a sawmill, see boas here, $20
and board; 6 farmers for an orchard, $20; 4
Scandinavian farmers for the same fruit
ranch, $20 and board.
Farmer and wife for a vineyard company,
$50 and found, steady place the year round.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
RAILROAD camp cook, $50. free fare; cook,
private hotel, $40; cook, small restaurant and
oyster house, $11 a week; waiter, $40; waiter,
$25; kitchen hands. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
STEWARD of good appearance to take charge
of the kitchen and dining-room of a country
hotel; $50. C. R. HANSEN *; CO., 104 Geary.
ANDRE'S Employment Office, men wanted
for different positions. Call at the office, 316
Stockton st.
YOUNG grocery clerk: wages $15. 2701 Twen-
tieth st., corner Hampshire.
GOOD all around helper in German bakery;
wages $25. 1817 Powell St., between 12 and 3.
TW r O live, energetic men. Apply Monday even-
Ing, between 7:30 and 8:30 o'clock at 22 Post.
GOVERNMENT POSITIONS— Don't prepare
for any civil service examination without
seeing our Illustrated catalogue of Informa-
tion. Sent free. Columbian Correspondence
College, Washington, D. C.
STEADY worklngman and wife to live and
work on ranch. Apply 222 Dolores st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted. 1212% Polk st.
Model Restaurant.
WANTED— A first-class dress goods salesman
for Sacramento. Apply to-day (Sunday), to
WEINSTOCK, LUBIN & CO.. corner Market
and Taylor sts., from 9 a. m. to 1 p. m. ;
Taylor-st. entrance.
BOY who has served a couple of years at the
manufacturing jeweler's trade. TUCKEY &
KLINE, 220 Butter st.
WANTED— Errand boy. 105 Fifth st.
FRENCH polisher on small woodwork. Ad-
dress box 1592, Call office.
WANTED— Boy to carry parcels, $3 per week.
J. P., box 1593, Call office.
MAN to take kodak photograph in Interior
without subject's knowledge. Address S. H.,
Call branch office, 615 Larkin st.
COAL miners wanted. Tesla Coal Company,
228 Montgomery at., San Francisco.
HELP WANTED— Continued, i
MANAGER— Good business manager with : $1500
- . for : Oakland; -s active ■- man Jor woman •" with
f ; this ; amount ; will - learn sof ; aii . opportunity Jto
make $200 per month from the start; ' Investi-
gate. yi NO VITA . COMPANY, ; 79 Dearborn at.,
('"; Chicago. ■:;'-, :'".■ ■■ v'.;./:-. 1 : ■ ."-. $-_.::■■ -_..■•■.-'.■ / -'■'■■;. .\-<~: c -r!;* •
WANTED— Reliable ■ men and I women In 1 every
-'" town i to ' work i for > us; - neat, ; steady employ-
.- ■ ment; ■ good v wages no ;- deception ; =no - delay;
: , : send ;us - your ' address and we • will ' send -■ you
. work : immediately. Address - Standard '■' '■ Art
V Mfg. r- Co.. ' 142 West Twenty-third : Bt., ~ New
-V York i City, ; room ? A. * / - ' ', ■■■'■■'■,*■" - -
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
;: unmarried men - between ages of 21 and i 35,
-.;'• citizens of i the United < States, of { good i char-
S acter . and I temperate . habits. - who : can '•-. speak,
;' read and write English. For information ap-
: < ply: to recruiting officer, 423 - Montgomery st. ,
: : Ban Francisco, Cal. - ; ■: ;:-..- ■.-,' ,
EXPERIENCED; ladies' ■ tailor; good ' wages;
■'.:; steady employment. M. J. KELLER CO.,
;- Oakland. ,- ;- ,:,_ ■ ■ ;. '■-:■,;;-■': ".
AN experienced. '■_ tailor : and operator •■ wanted
lon < ladles' tailor made suits. KRAMER, <20
." Sansome st. >,-::.,..;: -;p:-. -.■;■'■?.< :'.. ■'■■■■'■'■■■ :.'-'-r">- : '-'
$100,000 to loan . on • diamonds and : Jewelry; • pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris. : 15 ■ Grant aye.
TRY r* Llndell ■ House. Sixth & Howard sts. ;
> ; thoroughly, renovated : 200 rms ; 15c, 25c night.
SIXTH, 136, room 2, l»*v and cent Immediately,
■Ai,to represent us in city and country... :;'-: ;'-- ..
RECRUITS wanted for the United States ma-
•". rine corps. United States navy; able-bodied,
: unmarried < men, , between , the ages of 21 and
: 80 years, who are citizens r of , the r United
States, or v those who have * legally declared
their ' intention to become such; must be of
good character and. habits and able to speak,
read • and ' write English, and ■be - between - 5
feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height. For further
Information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis st., San Francisco, Cal. ■
TO ; Tailors— Good : coat ' and -■ trousers ; , makers
wanted. Apply at 11 at the Btevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market at.:.
SINGLE rooms. ■ 15c, 20c, - 25c : per night." 75c. $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House, 863^ Market st.
880 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes, 25c to $1.
682 Mission St., bet. First and Second sts.
WANTED— At Montana House. ' 764% Mission
it, men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week. : _____
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free : employ-
: m't. H. Bernard, Sec., 104 7th: tel. Jessie 1164.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that .Ed - Rolkin, ■ Reno House - proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third - St.; : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week...
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 BO; men's
BOleing, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st. -
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employment Office. 8.
■ FUCHS. Sec. ; 325 : Grant ; aye. ; : ; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco : Barber. College, 138% Eighth st.
WANTED— To * collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary ; seamen wanted at
- LANE'S, 504 Davis st., near Jackson. — .- : ' .::■'
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
..■'.■,■ room," 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week. . .
SAILORS, , ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and f rom the ; ferry. '•.'■■■
■-._ . '_ ■ AGENTS WANTED. ■
WANTED— Agents: men or women: an article
■ every family needs; first introduced in State;
$5 to $10 per day; hours 10:30 to 2:30. Golden
West Hotel. 32-34-86 Ellis St., room 27.
LIVE, energetic agents' to handle good special-,
: ty; Just in. Greater West Advertising & Nov-
. elty Co., 1155% Washington St., Oakland.
.. — — — —
WANTED— Agents; both sexes; city and coun-
try. Address S. E. Co., 632 Mission St.. rm. 5.
PARTNERS WANTED.
I PARTNER wanted with $5000, gent or lady, In
1 a fine paying mercantile business In Los An-
geles Cltv fully open for most rigid investi-
gation. For full particulars address G. H. L.,
1000 Golden Gate aye.
HOUSES WANTED.
WANTED— cottage, with modern
conveniences, for man and wife. Addres Re-
liable. box 1816. Call office. - -
; \ ROOMS WANTED. •
GENT wants comfortable furnished room; prl-
vate family preferred. - Box ISIS. Call office. ■
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
2 SUNNY rooms for 1 s adult • and 2 children In
- Western- Addition. Box ISOB. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— Second-hand piano. : Address with
. description and price, box 1819, Call office.
WANTED— To buy a < horse, age from 5 to 10
years, weight between ' 1400 and ' 1500 pounds:
must be light driver; price not over $50., Call
800 Halght st. : .--. ._■■■■. -; . ■-: ■.':■;
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus; second-hand. 1^ 109. Montgomery st. •
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
. treatment have never been ' known .to ; fail ;
' travelers helped without delay; home In con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential: strong
pills, $1; guaranteed . cure, - $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones. :, .
ALL Ladles— l only Dr. and j Mrs. M. | Davles,
| true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice: safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or : irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else f all ~ delicacy, i ', privacy, : home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers ' treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. ?' DAVIES, 1228 Market
St.; pills, $1; very strong, $2.
ALL !of Dr. I Foulet's ' capsules are | guaranteed
absolute cure : for i all ' female ? diseases; . posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after af-
fects; taken in time it : also acts as a pre-
ventive; J price $1 60 per j box, - sent : free by
mall on receipt of price: 'consultation on all
' special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant aye.. S. F. ".'■', A : caution— pur-
chasing • elsewhere write us. . v '
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or instruments used; consultation free;
I caves disgrace ; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
15. ■ By the well-known . ladles' physician for
87 years. DR. . POPPER. 318 ; Kearny st. .
A TREATMENT that restores -. instantly . all
cases :of monthly Irregularities from what-
: ever cause; no instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office. $5; travelers helped instantly;
consult . free; confidential; hours, 9 a. m. to
6 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1 1122 Market St. .
LADIES, Chichester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best; ; safe, reliable; take
:no . other; send 4c ; stamps for -particulars.
"Relief for Ladles";. letter. by return mail: at
druggists. ■ Chlchester Chemical | Co., Phlla. |
DR. and MRS. WEGENER, 1312 Golden - Gate
aye. ; private home In confinement." with every
: ' comfort; ■ best V care ' and ■> attendance: . terms
I moderate; Infants adopted into good homes. . ;;
ALPEAUS French pills, a boon to ladles with
female i troubles; no danger: safe . cure; $2 50 ;
■ - expressed ; C. ■O. ; D. : . don't delay until . too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in ' confinement;
C treatment $2 60. : 852 Castro, cor. =.. 7th, \ Oakland.
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes,' silverware: private
--■, entrance, t UNCLE ■ HARRIS. UB; Grant aye. ';
DENTISTS.
A '-' METAL : plate : for the same . price : as . rub-
ber; full set of > teeth, j $5; -crowns, ' $3; fill-
•'--.. ings, 60c; teeth without plates specialty;
,-, ;. written guarantee : for . ten , years " given on all
v work; :no students employed; extracting 1 free
■ when plates - are > ordered ; a consultation • free;
s Modern r Dental ; Parlors; corner - Market ■ and
Mason sts. Entrance 8 Mason st. ..* ,'v : '
A FULL' set of teeth, s $5; see new : flexible
■ plates ; " light and ' thin ; s guaranteed - 10 ; years;
: * teeth without plates, 1 crown and bridge work
our specialty;: fillings, 50c: < crowns,; $3 50; all -
C : : work ■ painless and ' warranted. :? Chicago : De-
ntal Parlors, 24 Sixth st. : : telephone Jessie 1132; ;
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
. -> discoverer 'i of >; nainless ~: extraction f and pat-
■i entee of improved bridge work 'or teeth .with-
. out ! plate," removed : from , 6 ; to : 20 ; O' Farrell st.
SET of teeth, $5: fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c
?' ..up; ■ bridgework; .;;; plates .■»- repaired: * : all \ work
:.; painless and ; warranted ' 10 * years. '* New.' York
8- Dentists, ; 969 ■ Mission \ St., • corner Sixth. > ' -.l%Xi.
VAN VROOM Electro ' Dental % Parlors; • full set
CTC T of teeth; $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
r ■'; less and : guaranteed to ' stand; open evenings.
c : 997 Market ■ St.. corner Sixth. " , ; :; ; , "- i
BET of i teeth, $4; % filling, gold " 50c. . silver 25c ;
;t. crowns * $3; " open *9• a. m, to - 10 •p.; m. :- Paris
Dental Parlors, Kearny st. ; , ' ,■■...:.
DR. LUDLUM a HILL. ; . 1443 3 Market st., near.
j Eleventh; ; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
..-. specialty; all i work < reasonable: : gas ■■ given. ■ ; ,;■;
ALL work > reasonable and I warranted. DR. ■J.
p: W. KEY, ; 1320 Market st. t. r - ; :: v ', ■:> -, 1 .-, i
SET of -v teeth ' without a plate. DR. : H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st. ; -. ' ■ ' 
:> -.V: ■ ';,'.- ;;* - ■ BICYCLES. ■; >';'.^ : .?■; "'.:■■;
slECOND^LVNl>lb7cTcierfrom"B^
j f wheels, : $18; ' new 1897 j high J grade $100 ; bicycle
f s for $79; new tires, $3; new pedals. Si 25 a pair;
\ repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folsom.
I'-'--.- ; m'iritualism. . ;-■ ■■";'
a ~~en^tonT'~~
BEHOLD!!
■" OBSERVE!!!
RETURNED.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE - ; Ivir
Has returned r from her Alaska tour, and begs
fto inform her patients, both old and new,
that she has opened offices at The Vendome,
, 1104 Market street. ..-.. : ; V.-
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE,
. The ; Greatest Medium
. And ' Clairvoyant - -
On. Earth . _
J Will Give You Invaluable Information
On Alaska,
Gold Mines
, And Buried Treasure*.
Consult Her at Once.
Do Not Delay, for
This celebrated medium, the • clairvoyant of
- all clairvoyants, who sees it all, tells you all
and instantly gives you peace and happiness.
I never ask a question, but before you utter a
word I tell you ;in full <of all that . you are
: interested in, all dates, facts, etc. -; I tell you
who are true to you and who are false, • what
hopes you may have of winning your desires
and what obstacles are In your way and how
to remove them ■" how to make the best ;of
; your talents and prosper; how to get money."
I ' find lost articles and locate hidden *. treas-
u re. ■ Before entering into business, law, di-
vorce or marriage, consult me. Drive away
; evil spells, stumbling blocks, bad luck • and
■■: habits and overcome all - evil '• works, .rivals
and enemies. I never fail. I have brought
9 about more happiness than all other mediums.
Other* are helped, why not you? If you are
going"to see a medium, why not see the very
'best? It costs no more.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE
Has no rival in her profession and stands
: without ■an equal before the ■ public. j Thous-
a nds who visited her and tested her wonder-
ful i power are singing her. praise : throughout
the land and Is ;
Recognized by Press and Public Everywhere.
She tells you your complete past, your pres-
e nt life, your entire future, of all loved ones,
what you should do to ; avoid trouble .or . dis-
: ; appointment, ■ how to recover lost or ., stolen
property; she changes misfortune into good
luck, tells you how your business transactions
will turn out and how to make them success-
ful; , she predicts important : events I long - be-
fore they happen; In fact, there are no hidden
mysteries bo deep that she cannot fathom. - : -
4 Come all who suffer and be healed; come all
speculators and be advised; come all - lovers
and win your Idol: come all : broken-hearted
wives; come all "who are In trouble and learn
to bless this wonderful medium, the greatest
prophetess now In America. ,
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWE >
Should not be classed among the many cheap
pretenders who infest the city and bring dis-
repute to the profession. Madame' a parlors
are visited by business men of good repute,
anxious for reliable Information as to the out-
come of future investments, 1 and by ; ladles
of high social standing.
To the Sick Especially
Her assistance 'is priceless.* Her "Revealed
Medicines," registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures ; which
she has made are the talk of the whole slope.
- Write Your Troubles '
If you cannot call, for thousands upon thous-
ands have been made rich, happy and healthy
without ever having come to see this wonder-
ful woman. Consultation by mail is always
most successful and satisfactory, and all cor-
respondence Is kept sacredly confidential.
Address or call MRS. DR. A. D.HOWE,
1104 Market st. (The Vendome), parlors 11,
12, 13 and 14, San Francisco.
~ Diseases diagnosed from a lock of hair. •
Cut this out. Appears Sunday only.
THE great occult, Mrs. Elizabeth Evans, 416
Seventeenth St., -between Broadway and
Franklin St., Oakland, Cal. ; readings ■ daily,
10 to 5; Sundays excepted; clairvoyant and
business medium:, evenings, Tuesday, Thurs-
day and Saturday only. 6 to 9. \. :
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
test medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant,
cures disease with revealed remedies; consult
when others fail; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
M. FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. :" '.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frl.. I p. m. ;
Mon.. 8. tsc: sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
CLAIRVOYANTS. \f' '
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
| clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
- will show you how to overcome your enemies,
- remove family ■ trouble, restore ; lost . • affec-
t ions; :-; unites - -.-■ the = separated, ?. recovers lost,
stolen or ; buried - property locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance; perfect satisfaction i guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spec-
ial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, i rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market st:. opp. Sixth. -
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant "-: & i cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight: diag-
nosis disease with full life reading: la. 60c;
; gents $1; palm A clalr. : sit $1 10. 126 Turk.
MME. ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A ! Market * st. ;
: The Balboa. v :
MME. WALTERS, the great card reader; la-
dles 25c, gents 50c. ; 951 Mission St., nr. Sixth.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c. ; 324 Vi 7th . st.
MME. HANSON, palmist and card reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm.lo.
MME. LENEMAR; fortune by planets; pre-
dicted overdue stmr. Gould In '74. 23V4 6th, r.3.
MRS. JEPSON tells ' past, present, future: L.
60c; G. $1. 775 22d, bet. West & Brush. Oaklnd.
MME. MOREAU, ■ the ; best : medium and I card
, reader; 2Sc up. 73 Fourth st.. near Mission. ;;:
MME. RAVEN A reads > life fluently; - business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture, 2Sc; ladies. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. B. v BAUMANN, the , well-known fortune
teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell st.
.-;-,'<■■•■. -. . ■■ V HYPNOTISM : '-;:,.::;---';-:.,^;-; -■
A— COLLEGE i Suggestive ■■; Therapeutics, 306
Larkin St.. San Francisco Class and private
' lessons, day ; and . eve., enabling ." students :to
practice on completing course; personal treat-
ment of diseases I and I habits; , natural I scien-
tific * means: no medicine: . no after-effects;
lessons by -. mall; free clinic every ■ Tuesday
evening. ' L. F. TURMAN. Sec, v
~~~ .; /... LOST. ; ■■■■ ••; v ;-.:k:.: :
SABLE Scotch collie "Jock," license : No. 1916;
also white bull ' terrier, -- "Stubbs," .-v brindle
left eye. } JAMES NEWLANDS, 2902, Clay.
;^Bt. ;: reward. ;. ' ■ :'■ ■ ..' ' ■' -...■■■,■■■■'•: ■■.<'•■'■■;■-
LOST— Sixteenth St., between Dolores and Mis-
sion, pair silver spectacles; return to 1202 Do-
, lores st. and receive $2 reward. J. McDON-
OGH JR. •- ... :- "■ ' •" - ' ."•■. '■ , •:,-::•>>''::;■-/;
$20 REWARD paid for return of overcoat with
• Pattus & Curtis, New York, makers, " on i the
'j hank, and SOL LOEB. owner's name, on in-
Blde pocket, left in some down 'town place, to
room 24, Nevada , block, 309 Montgomery > st.
LOST— A , passbook with the Hlbernla Savings
and 1 Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
:• name ;of C. FERGUSON, i No. 62-619. The
■ " finder will please return ; to bank. • - •■•;. J ; ', r >
LOST— Black and white Spitz, ; Monday morn-
• • ing. -' * Suitable - reward *to : party • returning
V same sto■ 22 : Sacramento '■-. st. - „ . : -- ; ; , : ,. : -^
LOST— A pension certificate. No. 27.203, of John
i Moriarty. Return »to MATTHEW HARRIS,
■40 ■ Ellis - st. ;•■ reward. :■■:." '-■■'■; ■■ . '
_ FOUND. ■;•■; ■: ■•-.■■- .-■.-.-, ■
$100,000 to : loan ladles on their " diamonds i and
-■■ sealskins. UNCT/K HARRIS.: 15 ' Grant t aye.
,T.- •■■,•;-.,;■■'.. CARPET CLEANlNG. •:■:;'■.';>::■.■■.■
CITY f Steam ', ' Carpet-cleaning i Works —
.. moves, , lays carpets. C. 3H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
88 ' and 40 , Eighth st. ; telephone , South , 250. v. -; r
WHEN . you become > disgusted "• with ; poor work
, Bend >. to> SPAULDING'S -.'=■: Pioneer s Carpet-
S beating Works. , 353-57 Tehama ' St.; , tel. S. 40.
CARPETS ■ cleaned at '■ 3c per yard; ; laid \at ' 3c.
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th
•■■t st. :; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74. ; s-f\
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
..Gate aye.; tel. East 126. • --; *-;*":: : :'-- i -\'" t r
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co.. 402 Butter st.;
f Main 394. GEO. WOLCOM/ Proprietor. ...
: :--; ; ;.-.'- ,;.;■■-; PHYSICIANS. 5 . ;:•;;•.■.-..;•; .-;;, v;
i>R. MACQUEEN' S Family Consulting Rooms?
• Advice and medicine, $1 60; open 9:30 to S. - 9»J
Market, ■ cor. 6th, t opp. Weinstock •■. St ! Lubln's. |
DR. C. C. . O'DONNELL, ; office ' and ; residence.
1206 Market; 'diseases of women a specialty.
VJ : ; f. -J : TYPEWRITERS. .vv'.>.'iv,: . ,
- ALL tpe writers ) sold i and s rented ; s few " partly :
111 1 used < for i sale • cheap; ' send '■ for ' samples - and
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110, Montgomery.';
A ; HAMMOND,'? $25 ;i Callgraph^ $15; YostTlizsT J
'-'■ r get sample work. 1 SCOTT, 333 Montgomery »t. :'
.;. ' V. :-'[ HOTEL FOR : JiSALE^';}^ ; . .
FOR Family hotel 76 rooms; corner; ' cen-
■ tral j location; | fine view; doing : good business; I
, low "i rent; •■'. long lease. : Inquire ;-*W..i HEN- 1
• . ; DRICKSON, ; room 614, Claua ; Sprockets bidg.
■;. '■:■-:: - :: ;, ;' '.': PERSONAL*. :,--).; \ .'
AN t educated I German, 39 j years of :' age, < having
i' some beautiful country = residences, • valued
from i slo,ooo . to $12,000, would like i to corre-
">;■ spond with : German ' lady or widow, not over
- : 30, ;'. with -.; some ■» means, rt who * would s enjoy
• - country, life; ' object matrimony; .' no trlflers. :
■ Address Home, box 4, Call office, Oakland. >>
YOUNG gentleman ■ would i like jto ; meet a » lady
;:■- to ■> form ; partnership In ■■ some ? sure ' business.
Box 9002, Call office. -' f;: ■.': ■-.-. -,r- ■-: .L- _
UNENCUMBERED .widow, handsome, ; refined,
. excellent ■ reputation. 5 independently v wealthy,
solicits kind, : devoted husband. MRS.
| GRANT, 135 East Sixty-fifth St., ' New York.
GENTLEMAN," large s, real estate, wants s nice
wife : with means. > Box 1594, Call office.
I INTEND to i visit every city and town . In
. : . California; ■'. cca y handle . a " side :■;' line ,or > ju-
d iciously distribute advertising = matter." Ad-
dress Commercial y Agency. 632 Market . St.,
•-■.:■ room 8. r : ,: ■ : .:;,..;"■-..; -"■' . ■:-:'-..' '■.'-•.- ' ":
WANTED— A partner, either lady or gentle-
: man, with $300 to ; go In - with ! a professional
": teacher of ' all kinds •of : stage - dancing - and to
. learn : the ■"'. business; : a , good ■ chance - for . the
. . right party; v business already , established.
Box ISIB. ■ Call office. ■;..; ■" '■■-: :f -.:.: vjt- '■■'. ' :
MISS E. '■ Your instrument is the ■ so-called
■:-.: Columbia or guitar zither; the German zither
: ■; has a fingerboard iof 4-. octaves (chromatic), i
accompaniment • and bass • (32-36 • strings) ; -. the
music is in the style of the piano music. : ■- ; ."-?.
LEDEIiER'S Quinonia should be applied to the
- roots of the hair; ; promotes its growth; :. 350
a bottle. G. LEDERER, 123 Stockton St. i
LEDERER, the up-to-date hairdresser, offers
; a ' better grade <of hair i goods at less , prices
than any other dealer In town; call and see.
G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
RAG carpets . wove to order and for . sale; also
chenille-wove r rugs, silk » portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, -- in ■ hank or chain, ; at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taught at
419 San Pablo aye., Oakland. ;
SEE the handsome skirts and - fur garments;
prices reduced : at HODGE' 3. 905 Market st.
TOOTH Use One-Minute , Toothache
1 Drops; for sale' by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages 3 to 16;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Sansome. upstairs.
ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. near Market:: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 60 per night; $1 50 to $6 per ; week;
free 'bus and baggage to and ram the ferry.
SUITS to order on installments at rash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1418 Bth at.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS. .
DRESSMAKING, ladies' ; tailoring taught: S.
. F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits: ball cos-
; tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits, j
coats, - capes, cycling suits; ; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
TAYLOR. 238— MRS. GRAY, stylish dressmak-
ing; perfect fit guaranteed;. evening waists a
": specialty; reasonable. •.*;:•
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy St.. rms. 14-15.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling I good upright I pianos for $6
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investi-
I gate and approve this method; irices are the
• same as if purchased | for all cash; bargains
In good second-hand uprights upon same easy.
. payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 an I
$5 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO..
Bteinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
. sts., - San Francisco, and Thirteenth ■ and
Broadway, Oakland.' .V:-. : .-:.'v-. ;■
ABSOLUTELY ■ the oldest and . largest - house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26, 23 and 30 O'Farrell st. ; pianos, organs and
- all ether ; musical Instruments of all | grades
and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the !
customer. t : , . -'* :■-' .
YOU want a piano. '.Why ■ not . call on us?
: SCOTT, CURTAZ & CO. We * rent, iwe sell,
we buy for cash, j We own out own building. :
We guarantee anything purchased from us
for ten years. 526 Hayes st.
BEN J. CURTAZ & SON, sole agents for Chlck-
erlng, Steck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. :16 O'Farrell st. • ' -
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices art
low. MAUVAIS. 769 Market st. .-..-.
VERY elaborate cased, • high grade piano, | per-
: fectly new, offered at ; a - great sacrifice for
cash. Room 10, Flood building. - , .
STEINWAY ■& ; SONS' piano for sale; ' reason-
i able: : : parties • going East; ■no dealers: 1217%
' Howard st. .; - , -" . .
— UPRIGHT ■ piano; : good . tune; for ! sale on
.$5 Installments. 1115 Post st. ;■: . .
AN; elegant ■ Steinway. upright ' for $250 cash; '
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye. .:
A PIANO that will , please you. th« Byron
Manzy. 308 Post : st. .v,. v , •" :.. - • -
HAINES'.Bros. and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
— Elegant - Emerson piano ; bargain. Schmitx,
16 McAllister St.. next Hibernla Bank.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. S HORNUNG, 216 : McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest; uprights. $7* ap;
• rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. .-<:,;
KNABE pianos; new scale; new : yies. KOH-
LER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell gt. -
SUPERIOR - violins, . zithers, i old and new. if
. ' MULLER. maker, repairer. - 2 Latham place.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS. :
THREE-QUARTER : oak ,: bed, •; mattress and
washstand; cheap. L Grocery, cor. Zoe and
Bryant sts. . , "'. . : ■
BLACK Minorca : and ' Plymouth Rock cocker-
..-- els, $1 50 each. . 2029 San Antonio aye., Ala-
.■;meda.v:,:".v r -" ■■' -*'-.- .•,...'.- -, ■'
FOR sale — A thoroughbred mastiff. Inquire at
17 Thirtieth st. y •.
PRETTY little diamond stud for $8, cost $20.
: UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. :
UPRIGHT piano, only slightly, used; standard
make; sell cheap; must ce11... Address or call
at 1096 Post st. -....'. ' - :
MONITOR steel range. 1301 Guerrero st.
REDWOOD moldings; 20,000 feet new, modern;
;. quarter regular ' price. ■ Apply ' In rear of , 2518
Pine et. , DUNCAN. i;.w ■■■?■:.:■_■; S:--- r "";; .. - ■
WALKING stick shotgun, detachable butt; also
12-bore hammerless gun; • Damascus barrels.
! 215 Kearny ; St., room 6. : ■ :■
CIRCULAR saw, drilling attachment, $15; bar-
i gam. :, Room 709, : 927 Market st., 10 to ■4 - p. • m. ■
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. : , ;
BOILERS.- 1 engines, ■ 2d-hand machinery. Me-
• INTOSH »' & WOLPM AN. : 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
"linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
" niture and fixtures: new and second hand. . J.
' NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission st.,
above Sixth. -: : . ... :
SECOND-HAND j lumber; old buildings bought
; . and removed. ;; Yard, Fifteenth; and .Valencia,
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
. ther; pulleys : cvr'd. -^ 619 Mission; tel. Br.' 331.
ENGINE boiler, pumps, pulleys, shftng., lndry.
, i mchy., dynamos. 2d hand. White, 516 Mission. '
PHONOGRAPHS, $20: records, - $5 ? per dozen ;
■'.' projectoscope, $100, Bacigtilupl, : 935-952 Market.
J. R. '■ POOL. house-mover, - dealer \ second-hand
building material, y 1124 Mission;, tel; South 757.
SAFES— ' In new and : second '■■ hand all
-' sizes: half original cost.% 109-111 Market. S. F.
■ EDUCATibNAL7 ~
A PRACTICAL EDUCATION: """^~~' ~^
- A 3 years' course In the night school at the
Young Men's Christian Association, 6 months
. of :- : the " year; studies ~~ in : bookkeeping, ? arith-
•- metic, algebra; geometry, j mechanical, : . archi-
~\ tectural and •• free-hand drawing, stenography
and typewriting, elocution, English German,
Spanish, electricity, civics and good citizen-
. ship, physiology '■ and ■■-- hygiene ; *-. international
examinations held and certificates given, rec-
ognized .by • over 60 : colleges i and universities
In different parts of the • country > special In-
- ducement to young men; call or send ; for edu-
. : cational prospectus; membership ticket in-
;■ eludes all other privileges, lectures, enter- i
;■: tainments, i university ■ extension course, gym-
• nasium, instruction In swimming, etc. *H. J.
_• McCOY, '; General Secretary. :;: - ' . .-. ■ !
.HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
•-■ keeping, '. business ? practice; ; - shorthand, : typ-
, ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
- electrical, civil : and - mining :• engineering: sur-
• . ; veying, assaying.-,- etc. ; i2O teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; ■ catalogue; ■; : -- - -' . : V
AYRES' / Business College, 723 Market st.: Indi-
' : : vidual Instruction In ; shorthand, typing, ■• book-
keeping, ttlegraphy. penmanship, >» English
;•:■.. branches.'" etc.; life scholarship, $60; low rates
-. per week and month.; :; ' ■;. .:. : -'- '-'•■"
INSTRUCTION— ; piano, cornet, mando-
. » lin, I etc. s t THE i MISSES : LANE. ■ 3941 , Twenty-.
x « fourth st., near Sanchez. ;^<-'
LAW schools, 927 i Market St.. city; - 906 ; Broad-
K. way. Oakland; day and 1- night. :: ;:■•'.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College, 1236 Market
.:: St.; 400 ■ positions ; secured .in ' last ■ 2 years. -*.;;; .
ENGINEERING '■ School, i civil, electrical, ; min-
s- ing, mech. survey, assay, archit. v day& eve. >
V est. 1 1864. VAN - DER ; NAILLEN, 933 , Market.
ELOCUTION ; and - oratory ; ■ F. Cooke Caldwell ; ;
;16 yrs. experience. -.: Press Club bldg..° 123 Ellla;'
I BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
. " taught; . short time. g Tarr. 672 ■ Parrott bldg.. -;
ZITHER '■ lessons i given by J MAX MAIER, t. 526
?i Turk | st., 1 ; bet. Larkln ! and \ Polk. -  ; .?■'-'
$100,000 to loan on diamonds,; sealskins and Jew-
■^ elry. UNCLE HARRIS, .15 Grant aye. J
--'_':. •'';'■ BUSINESS CHANCES.
WE have buyers to Invest In any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us S3
£ call. National Business Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A-$173; i delicacy i store ; } 3 : living ' rooms cheap
rent: well fitted up r, selling account sickness. .
National Business Ex., 7 Grant aye. r .-. -
$200— COR. saloon; ! clear,- -150 : month; - a snap.
T $225-Cor. {grocery af*^ xt; clears $75 montn.
t $250— Restaurant; Not M ideation ; clear $60 mo.
$175— Branch bakery; Market st. ; ; rent . *io. -
' , $200— Cigar ■ store t receipts ! $12 j per ■ day. >. ■
: ' Bargains at National , Agency. ;7 Grant ay». ,
$125— BRANCH . bakery; : pays well: \ big . bargain. ;
- National \ Business Agency. , 7 : Grant aye. -
KREDO &C0:.V;..^.V.;;..::..:.:-22%* Geary st. r
-■■:. $450— saloon; 10 nicely furnished rooms,
only $20 rent; a snap." ■■■. : :; m~-.;m ~-.;
: ■ ' J2so— Branch ■-- bakery .; and - school j supplies,
just opposite; 2 schools; nice living-rooms. _
- Cigar stand; cheap rent; ; will clear $75
- ■ month; look ; at this. : '. , -..'" .-.. ..;■' ..' ?-■-*-■ : —
$150— PARTNER wanted money making, i legitl-
- mate business. RAND & C 0.. .917 Market at.
MAKE an offer— Half or whole interest in best
paying restaurant in Oakland;: present owner
there : 7 years reason for change, has whoie-
; sale business. in San' Francisco; clearing $200
. month -guaranteed; fullest investigation and
trial before buying. Owner, Call. ; Oakland.
BUSINESS— who bought the sweatbox | imi-
> tation without supplies may send two stamps.
■ for ' guide *to health i and • wealth. Anidro»W
I:;. Sanitarium, Skowhegan, ; Me. . .'■--■.' \ f.-
FOR Established business, stock, fixtures,
with exclusive Pacific Coast rights; good op-
<: portunity; parties going East. Box 1359, Call.
NEWSPAPER plant, • formerly " was Concord -
Sun, with circulation of ■>(». Address _.
" FARJEON. 1142 . McAllister at., city.
STEAM beer brewery and bottling works takes
In a partner s with $SOO to extend business.
Apply City Brewery, Santa Barbara. -
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop; will
learn purchaser business. -: Box 1589, Call.
HALF interest 15c first-class i? 4-chair barber
. shop.- 956, Washington st., Oakland. ,
CORNER grocery and bar; cheap; good Chan©*',
easy terms. Box 1591, Call office. ■..'■■■
FOR SALE— OId ; established wine and liquor
house.. Call 117- Battery.; st. •;■ .
GOOD grocery and liquors; no . opposition. .
• Filbert and - Laguna stß. . "' : ■
$350— STATIONERY store. Apply 703 Broad-
;".• way st. .■■■■. '■:;..; :'.''.' '■•.■■•■'■ '-.'■■' ■ -■ :- ■-' '•'■ : - '- ' ■
NEAT restaurant for sale | cheap. Call at 1205
. Market St.. . near Eighth.
WORKING partner with $100; single man pre-
erred. Box 1596, Call. s
$1500— SHOE business; living rooms; no agents.
106 Ninth st. .. - . ■■■-.>■. ' :
$600— GROCERY and bar; living rooms; owner
sick; must be sold. N. LOEWENSTEIN,
■;■-" 1023 Market st.V • ■.;. »-■-.
$500— SALOON : 8 furnished living rooms; good
. location: bargain. N. Loewenateln. 1023% Mkt.
PARTNER for livery stable; $1000; bargain for
steady man. N. LOWENSTEIN, 1023% Markt.
$250— HALF Interest In a good laundry route;
great chance for steady man. N. LOE-
WENSTEIN, 1023% Market st.
GROCERY and bar. with 3 living-rooms;
N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023% Mar-
: ket-st..- :' : -- .■: '.- ■■'■•■••'.•.--■
PARTNER wanted in butcher business;
steady man only. N. LOEWENSTEIN. 1023%
'- Market st. ______
MILK business. $2OP capital required: who will
go in with me? 1 I am 22; have 4 ; horses, 1
double. •- 1 single wagon, cans, etc.; now is ;
the time. A. G.. Call Branch office, 106 Elev-
,t enth.'---).-." '■■■; : - : :■■■ .'-'-■•'■■ - ' "■''■•'■-■• ".
BLACKSMITH and wagonmaking shop to let:
tools and stock for sale; worth about $1500.
' C. B. STEANE. Pleasanton. • . ,
FOR Sale— A bargain; the Nickel saloon. : with .
■ stock, . fittings, fixtures and " pianoforte. 153
Seventh St., near new Postoffice site. - .
HOTEL, furniture and lot can be bought for
$1300. Call at 256 Third st. , :
BARGAIN, two-st'— y" factory, 10-horse power
boiler engine and machinery; residence if
desired; sacrifice; owner leaving . city. Ad-
dress 316 York St.. near Sixteenth.
RESTAURANT at a sacrifice. 27 Ninth
street. ____^________________
SALOON ; 17 furnished rooms, all - full;
this is a bargain;- rent $20; horse, buggy, '
piano; clearing $200 monthly. 865 Market.
BROKER or promoter wanted to organize, in-
corporate and place stock of a company; stats
terms and address Company, box 1031. Call.
FOR' — Saloon, restaurant and 15 rooms;
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks: a bargain. Apply Call office. . _■
RESTAURANT, : oyster house; large trade; cen-
tral; completely equipped; $450; quick. Box
. 1364, Call. ■:.;.-■.'■- ::-.' -'-j-V.' -'- ." : '■■.■.-■■<■ r :
OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon and shooting gal-
;. lery; cheaD. ■ 319 Third St.; rent $20 per month. -
BRANDT'S restaurant . for sale. 2875 Sixteenth
: st., near Howard.: .'.. . ,-.:■■%. .-.- ■-- '
CORNER Oak and Franklin— Store suitable for ■
: any business; low rent. Apply ... 15 Grant aye.
COFFEE tea and spice solicitors headquarters;
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale . St. ; r •-.-.■. ■ - -■;,■■. -. ■■' . ■■ ■ ■ --■ : . ■*•;•.•■ -r .
$100,000 to loan on seelsklns and diamonds;
: strictest privacy. .Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly ,
Call. Sent to any address In the United
'- States, postpaid, for $1 50 a year.
LODGING HOUSES FOR 8 ALB. .
A— KREDO &CO ............ .. 22% Geary at.
. .Money Advanced on All Houses. *
7 rooms ; nicest little house ■on Taylor -
St.; will clear $25..............:..........$
' 9 rooms: Eddy st. ; well furnished and
. - central; look at this ....... ~. 550
11 rooms; O'Farrell st. ; cost" $1500; must
sell-on account of departure ..: .... 650
12 - rooms: McAllister; . rent ' $40: always
full; will clear $50......:.......... ....325
16 : rooms ; boarding; no rent; $600 cash;
• balance mortgage ~ . .'.' : ..'......:.. ... . 1000
38 rooms; 'fine corner; furniture and car- ' '-
pets all good: ■■ rent ' $90 .... ... . . .... . . . . ! 1100
— 20 rooms,, near Market; clears $95 month-
■ ly; t- a giveaway. KREDO ; & ; CO., 22% ; Geary. .
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; 0n1y:.......... — ..........$ 150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150................ 550
46-room house; c0rner..................:.... 1200
24 rooms: clears $100......:.................. 600
14 rooms on Powell st. new....." 750
22 rooms near City Ha 11........."...: • 600 :
60 rooms; clears $100; 0n1y.::....:......... 750
10 rooms all rented: business street 300
iOO rooms; corner; best on earth.....;..: 6000
I I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL, I CAN SUIT YOU.
'-' " ■■■-*. - ~ ■'■■"' ■ .-■ : ' • W •C '" L FCKFR " " "
1020 MARKET ST.. OPPOSITE FIFTH.
DECKER'S : best bargain vis a 45 : ; rooming and
. boarding house: all -In. payments; see him at
office, 1020 Market st. ;. ■:'-.■ ''.;.'.- /. -:. ■ :-- --■■ y
12 ROOMS on Ellis st.; cost $2000: new fur-
:-:■■-- v niture; only ................................slloo*
: 30 rooms; north of Market St.; fine........ 1500
76 rooms; -select: transient: corner ...3500
28 rooms; rent $55.. .......-..•.••••. — ......-550;
37 rooms, north :of • Market ; clears $125. . 1000
:•'. 10 rooms; all new furniture.. .............. 600
IF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE °/ HOUSED & co 1206 Market st.
- L '■'. W ' ROGERS, clerk (formerly clerk for :
H. 'C. DECKER). : - ;■
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS— ■ _
10 rooms $175 18 rooms; fine $550
'16 r00m5........... 250 20 rooms; 5nap...... 600 ;
-•17?r00m5........... 700 50 r00m5.... 1250
• National Business Agency. , 7 Grant aye.
W 4NTED— 3 for 73 * and ; 100-room new
houses at SPECK & CO.'S. 602 Market at.
FLAT. '. 8 . rooms; ■; complete ■. for . . renting : " out; -
some rented; very desirable;: rent $25; must
" sell ; leaving town; i $100 cash. 1128% Howard.
TURK, 127— Lodging house.: 15 "rooms; carpenter
;- v shop; nice location; cheap. •'; -. . ;
O'FARRE-L. First-class house of 9 rooms;
.■. ■ 5 completely. furnished. '-■ .--; ... /T . : .
$100 000 to loan on -stocks and bonds; low inter-
■ est. ;■ UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye. -;
4 MARKET Branch office of y The . Call. .'
■;■- Want ads and subscriptions i taken.'
ATTORNEYS] AT ;' LAW.
ADVICE free— P. ■ ADAMS, . 622 EmmaV
Spreckels building, 927 Market St.; charges
moderate. : . >■*.% i--. : .-..-■ ■ ■ "... ,-■ ---= :,
ADVICE i free: • divorce i laws; . private. '■■.'■} J.i? B.
£$ EVANS, , 14 , McAllister, =: next Hibernla Bank. . .
CITY ' Law and i Collection » Office; advice i free.
ji^ 777 ; Market " st.", ~ room 7. ,[. ■■--. -:\ *,- ■_-. -;,iv,. .
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldg., 927 Mar-
ket; consultation free; no fees In advance. T ..-.'.
ADVICE free: no charee unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st. : .;•- .-.-
■";:- . ; : STORAGE. V ■..-.'■'■'■".. - ; "' ■
P^ER^E^mJD^>LlPH^to7a^e7andTMo^lngTcor •-
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713..'
v-.:.::. :;.: ?...- >.fSEWINQ..i MACHINES. -■^..-^TTT*-''
AUTOMATIC, Domestic, Singer and White
-.■ cheap; ? repairing .guaranteed, g 915 , Mission ; st.
$2 : MONTHLY, r rented : I repaired. * bought, sold;
* machine supplies. 145; Sixth ; 'phone Mint ; 45. ,
ALL kinds £ bought, :: sold, •'; exchange* rented
'>- repairing at lowest < rates. ■ 205 j- Fourth st.
;':■:'■'■:■ ;' ' ;;: _ J SAFES- , ]\ : :,■:,.,_.
SAFES — New » and j second ' hand; cheaper than
'■- ever.- Herman" Safe Manfc; 417-423 Sttcramento. *
"-: ; y;-: -:'.-"' T .^ ? .; JTOJLEASE. ''■■'"-' i I ■- ■ ■■'■:'- ■ " ; ■':?■'
OIL V territory , to— lease on royalty. { AddrtM -
Royalty, box 1032, : Call i offlc*. '-CITY REAL. ESTATE.
. G. H. TJMBSKN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
BEAUTIFUL PANORAMIC VIEWS.
. $900— Park Hill; 26:10x154:y; commands a view
■ of almost the entire city. ■ ■;';• ,^-
CORNER BUSINESS LOT.
■ $900— Real bargain; one-half block from Mis- I
sion St.; corner, 33x119; a snap.
BOULEVARD CORNER LOT.
$1500— Corner on First aye.; 25x115; good loca- '
tion for first-class grocery or drug store; will ;
be sold on easy terms.
COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
. ' $lSoo— One-half block from Mission-st. cars; j
cozy cottase of 5 rooms, bath, bay windows,
brick foundation, etc.: large lot. 31:6x150; this j
Is a snap; will be sold on easy terms.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
$2ioo— R*nts $30C per annum: 4 flats of 7. 5. 3
• *nd 3 rooms; street accepted; 25x75; Langton'
St., near Howard.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
$2*50—3 tenements and lot; rent $30 per month;
near Fourth and Folsom sts.
CHOICE LOTS.
$120 p?r fool — Bost residence location In the
Western Addition: lots any size; main drive to
the Park; street accepted.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. LOT.
$5250 — Very cheap; north Bide, eest of Scott St.,
P7:6, to a rear street; owner might take 1
less: offer wanted. .'
MISSION FLATS VERY CHEAP.
$rrs0 — Shotwell Bt.; rents $39 per month: !
fats and cottage and lot; this is a splendid j
offering.
BUSINESS" CORNER.
— Very cheap; good location; corner on
Pacific St.; 2 cottage*, renting for $36 per
. month; could be converted into store property
at small outlay; both streets accepted; 45x60.
PPARK FLATS.
$4100 — 2 elegant new modern flats: handy to
Haight-st. cars; 25x106:3 feet; mortgage of $2500
can remain,
RESIDENCE CHEAP.
Broderick, near Halsht: nice 2-story
modern residence, S rooms and bath, bay win- j
flows, brick foundation, etc.; 25:6x100: owner
a non-resident, anxious to Bell: will refuse no
reasonable offer.
FOLSOM-ST. INVESTMENT.
$5000— 8-story house of 12 rooms: could be
changed into 3 fiats at a small outlay: would
then be one of the best paying investments in
-the city; 25x55.
. . ■-■■)
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
Records." which contains a list of properties
. for sale in all parts of the city.
G. H. ITMBSKN & C 0.-
,-14 Montgomery st.
NEW 7-room-anrl-bath cottage, now being
built, with lot 2"xl2'J. on Ninth aye.. between
California and Clement sts. ; $25 a month: it
contains al! modern Improvements. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery Ft.
$250 EACH— SS monthly; no interest; lots 25-
114; only 5 minutes walk from Castro st. cars;
good lots to build on.
Lots in Sunset District, Golden Gate Park,
cheap, on $5 monthly payments.
$75 ea'-h: $0 monthly; level building let"!. Ki-
120; only '2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
$350 IN $7 ?0 monthly payments will buy a lot 25x
!100, witi two cars; 1 block from the Ocean i
Boulevard and electric road; cars as good as
a bouse and a line health retreat: over 20
cars now being occupied. JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st.
DEVOTED FATHERS
AND HUSBANDS
of limited means, who cannot buy homes
cutright, but who would undertake to pro-
vide their families with homes on th. plan
of monuily cayments if they could but be j
sure that the.=e homes would be saved to !
their families in case of their sudden unfore-
seen death, need have no more fear on this
score. We can remedy this uncertainty and !
• insure you against such possible losses by an
arrangement we have made with one of the i
largett life Insurance companies in America.
By this an we will provide all purchasers
of homes In the HEYMAN TRACT with a
life insurance pohr-'-. Full particulars of
JACOP. HEYMAN. 11 Montgomery st.
THE CALIFORNIA TITLE INSURANCE AND '
TRUST COMPANY
Issues policies of insurance upon realty titles,
which guarantee purchasers and their heirs
against losses from defective searches.
The company has a paid-up capital of $250,000 1
an i a reserve fund of $25,000, which amply J
guarantees every policy.
The leading banks accept Its policies and loan
money upon the property of which the title Is
insured without other search.
.Having: a complete abstract plant the com-
pany is able to make and continue abstracts for I
use of attorneys at shortest possible notice. j
This company has established a Tax " Regis- j
tration Bureau whereby it procures and set-
tles yr.ur taxes. i
We see that bills are made out In your name, ;
and not that of some former owner. We see 1
' your taxes are paid in two Installments. That
you are advised of all street assessments and
incumbrar:*--':* and make a guaranteed report to
you in December 01 each year of the condition
• of your property. Our fee is $3 per lot for each j
year. It is worth more than that to save going
to the City Hall and trying to get your own
bills and pay them. Special rates for each
other adjoining property and for a large num-
ber of properties.
This company also undertakes the care of j
mortgages for Its customers, relieving them
' from all concern as to insurance, taxes and i
• payment ot interest.
Money loaned on real estate at current rates
• of interest.
Office— building. San Francisco. 1
A. T. POTTS, Manager.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO
513 California st. !
IMPROVED.
45:10x137:6: full water lot: improved; leased
for 6 years at $250 per month. ■
Montgomery sve. through to Washington St.; •
brick improvements; rents 1190. f J
137:6x137:6; corner of Leavenworth and Green- |
wich sts.; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000. |
25x90; Turk St.. near — -ur:^; 3 new flats: j
Sll.fiGO. I
23x77: Jackson, near Taylor; rents $76: $8800. I
2.".x -2: < Hayes, near Steiner; flats; rent $42 50;
modern bay-window; $5750.
20x57:6: Corner Dupont and Hinckley-. store I
and lodeine-house; rents $«5: $10,000.
21x67:9; Powell, near Vallejo: rent $18: $6250. j
24:3x09:9; Green, near Powell; flats; rents $33; :
$4500.
25x122:6; Shotwell, near 24th: 2 flats: $3SOO. I
25xSO; Guerrero, near 17th: flats: $3750.
25xS0: Clara, near sth: $3500.
17:6x57:6; Filbert, near Varennes; $1400.
UNIMPROVED.
£0x71:10; SE corner Polk and Lombard.
• 2. )x115; Scott, near Washington.
25x8S; 13th, near Steven? 2 lots.
25x100; Valencia, bet. 13th and 14ih; 4 lots. ]
Silver terrace homestead lots cheap. I
$35 000— DOWN TOWN PROPERTY.
GREAT FUTURE.
Large lot, 80x137:6, on Eddy St., close to Al- !
hambra Theater and new Phelan Hotel; sold I
to close estate; full particulars at office.
BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$27,500: RENT $JSS.
Fin< Ft block on Larkln st. ; elegant 3-story i
building.
GILT-EDGED CORNER. j
$12,000; VERY LOW PRICE.
Store and flat and new 2-story residence; near
City Hall; mortgaged for $7000; must sell.
— $23.000— RENT $250.
Elegant new :-.-Mcry modern building; only
few feet frt m Sutter st. cost over $35,0C0; this
ii a. snan.
A PICK-UP.
$5500; RENT 969.
Store property; close to Eddy and Leaven-
worth sts.
BURNHAM & MARSH COMPANY,
20 Montgomery St.
FOR SALE
MUST BE -OLD
JESSIE ST., NKAB F0URTH......... j
L<>t 30xS5. with Improv jents, renting for $50
to $tX> per month. 7>!»-;ii~ «cc at once and make
offer Owners want to eel I and will sell. Ap- I
ply to JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent,
420 Montgomery st. j
$330"— FINE northwest corner of Twenty-third j
and Dolores sts.; 'air 2-story building with i
store and ■-room fiat: lot 50x57; there are 33 j
feet of this lrit vacant, which can be im-
• proved to bring In large returns; want to
rU. 6 e out. Owner. OEO. B. M. GRAY, 454
Ninth St.. Oakland. - ' ,
jir.O— VERY cheap lot at Ocean View; Sadowa j
st., near Plymouth: it must be sold.
J4so— Noe at., near Hill; very anxious to sell; i
' ttreet in order.
»S5u — A fine cheap lot on San JOS9 aye., near I
2-th st.: will build a house on it and sell on |
easy, terms.
McEWEN BROS.. 118 Montgomery st. .
BOL GETZ & BROTHER,
Room A. first floor Crocker building.
' HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
NEW BLOCKS! NEW LOTH! BARGAINS ON-
EASY TERMS!
Location and price will positively suit you.
$400 to $500— Sunset. Heights lots; graded;
splendid view; $25 down. $:0 monthly.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$250 to $755 — Choicest Richmond loli; only
$2S down, $10 monthly.
BOL GETZ & BROTH
$100 to -Level building lots near Misslon-
st. electric cars; only $6 monthly.
Call for maps and diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
Room A, Crocker building.
CITY REAL. ESTATE,
MADISON & BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established ISSS. 626 Market Bt.
$7500— McAllister St.. near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good income; lot 25x100.
Must be sold— Two' fine flats on Hayes st.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer.
Bush Bt., near Devisadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137:6. • •
{SOW— Three flats: Twenty-first st., near Va-
lencia: rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
Twenty-fifth st., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twenty-first st., near
v.astro; 5 rooms and stable; 25x114.
„ JjPOO— Webster st., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6.
$3500— Two cottages: Chattanooga St.. near
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
«->£™ de> near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
WO.
Cortland aye.. corner Moultrie st.; 32x
SO and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavla sts., 1 bloc*
off Market: 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
BO vara: Buchanan, corner of Chestnut: $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$3:00— Bryant, near , Twenty-fifth: 52x100.
$27f.0— Clay st., near Spruce; 77:6x127:8.
-Page, near Devisadero: 25x137:6.
$2Coo— Twenty-first Ft., near Sanchez; 50x114.
5 1 7 r 0 — Union St., near Webster: 25x100. r.> ':
$1250— Sixteenth ft., near Castro; 25x100.
$1000— Seventh aye., near J St.; 25x120.
$lSoo— North side Golden Gate aye.. near Cen-
tral aye.; 25x110.
$1000 — Jersey et.. near Noe: 25x114.
California, near Second aye. ; 25x100; - 900 -
MADISON & BURKE. 626 Market st.
McAFEE BROTHERS. 10S Montgomery St.
O'FARRELL-ST. COTTAGE.
New cottage of 5 rooms on O*Farrell St.. near
Devisadero; completely furnished; a pretty
home; price $3200.
DOWNTOWN RESIDENCE.
House of 16 rooms; would make a fine board-
ing house; splendid lot, 27;6x137:6; price $10,000.
ONLY $3500.
7-room house on Sacramento st., near Leaven-
worth; must be sold; easy terms.
GUERRERO STREET.
5-room house on fine, large lot. 36 feet front-
age; Guerrero, near 19th; reduced to $3800.
CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS'.
$3500— r'acitlc Heights corner; 45x100.
Pacific Heights- lot; 42:6x107; fine view.
$L'soO— Shrader St., near Park entrance; 27:0
XIOO.
Presidio Heights; 30x127:8; view.
SCOOO — Scott and McAllister: any size.
$i! 2. r .O--Clayton, near Page; 25x106.
$ISSO— Belvedere, near Waller; 25x120.
jyOO — Fine level lota on bituminized streets
in the Mission; on terms if desired; all front-
ages.
Vallejo. near Broderick: 25x137:6; view.
$f»0 — California, near 12th aye.: 25x100.
McAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS..
10S Montgomery St., San Francisco.
JOHN PFORR. removed to 403 Pine St., oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$5000 — R'.-nt $57; 3 houses on Harriet st.
$50.000— A fine block of dwelling! on Polk st.,
near Post, including two corners.
$12,000 — bay-window houses on Haight St.,
near Flllmore; lot 55x137:6.
$25, G00, reduced from $33,000 — A splendid prop-
erty on La.-kin st., a few blocks north from the
new City Hall: stores and flats; lot 45x137:6;
paying & per cent on the price.
$3750, formerly $5000— A solid business prop-
erty; 2-story and basement brick house, on
Brannan st., just west of Third; lot 25x75; rent
$30; a snap. __^-
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY.
$13,0OC— Rent $34; 4 splendid flats on Fell st.,
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6.
$4250— Splendid cottage; Oak st., near Lyon;
lot 25x110: fronting on park panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62.500— Market St.; l'-z block from the Bald-
win; 4-story house good size lota.
$100,000— Fine property on Kearny St., near
Market; large lot renting at i.'-5 per month;
nearly 6 per cent net ground rent.
— Taylor St., near Market; large lot;
well improved; stores and flats.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$5000— Rent $60; 4 flats on Geary St., near Dev-
isadero; lot 25x125.
$5750— Rent $47; store and two flats; Geary St.,
near Fillmore.
$2400— Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant sts.
$350— LOOK! Look! Chance! Lot 44:6x103:6; 2
car lines; a positive bargain; near Sunnyslde.
21 Powell st., rooms 1 and 2.
ELEVENTH. Branch offica of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
TkT'aCRES Aiameda County; 6000 cords oaks;
good market; house, fence, springs; good
land; will exchange for lands In Shasta or
La-aen County. L. L. M. SALSBURY, 902
Broadway, Oakland* 1
4SO A(JRES to rent; Shasta County; house,
barn, fruit;. 10 acres bottom: 100 hay: large
oaks; wild grape; fences; creek; near railroad.
L. L. M. SALSBUKY, 902 Broadway, Oak-
land, Cal.
$10,000 — ONE of Hay wards choicest homes; 17V4
acres of land all in bearing trees, 11 acres
of which are prunes, balance apricots and
plums; all 12 years old; line modern house
of S rooms and bath; barn. chicken houses,
chickens, horse, carriage; all farming tools;
house completely furnished; sold 2 years ago
for $17,000 cash; 10 minutes' walk to electric
cars and center of town. Owner, 454 Ninth
St.. Oakland.
517CK) — 25 ACRES, 4 miles from Martinez, 15
minutes from the new railroad depot; ■"• acres
in hill land, wood; 4 acres in table grapes;
all bearing; family orchard; h ruse of 4 rooms,
barn, good wen, horse, cow, wagon, chickens
and farming tools. J. a. '/.., Martinez, Cal.
FRUIT, vegetable and chicken ranch.
$500
WILL BUY
10 acres of rich land for fruits, beets, pota-
toes, etc. ; 2 wells, bam. etc.; near Elmlra,
Solano County; no such bargain ever offered;
cash or part cash to suit; must sell at once.
Apply to
JULIEN SMITH, Real Estate Agent,
420 Montgomery st.. Baa Francieco, Cal.,
100 ACRES 1H miles from the town of Red
Bluff; all level and fine grain or fruit land;
must be sold; make an offer. Box IS6S, Call.
WANTED— To buy ranch; easy payments; state
particulars. Answer at once, box 1502, Call.
HOMESTEAD— SIOO: nice location, Sonoma
County; timbered, watered. 631 California
st., room 1. V-" v;
HOME lots; fine view; near station; MiMbrae.
Apply to W. BUTTERFIELD. 2 Crocker bldg.
FOR cheap and desirable country home near
Watsonville, the home of the apple and sugar
beet, send for catalogue. R. P. U'< -->N. real
estate, WatsonviUc, Cal.
TO rent— A small orchard, with good house,
barn a.n'l chicken yard, near Oakland and
San Leandro electric railroad. Driver, AEER
& CO., Pan Lean
160 ACRES fine creek land; Coos County, Or.;
$5 per acre. Apply at 515 Sacramento st.
$100,000 to loan on watches, bronze*: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MONEY TO LOAN.
TO~~LENd7~SU M bTfßolsissoQ "T?T'»UOoT~at
fromji per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by install-
"'lloney loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT 'SAME. ■ ■
R. GOULD,
131 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
LOANS en furniture or plan m In B. B" . Oak-
land or Aiameda at lowest rates, without
removal;- no commission; no delays. •J.
NOONAN, 1017 to 1022 Mission St.. above
Elxth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. MS Market si.; telephone Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval ■ low.- rates; no rornmlfslon; $25 up;
■ private party. BONNF.LLI. ISO Powell'st.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos. without re-
moval: money quick: confidential; no commis-
sion: lowest interest. Room 68, 117- Market.
ANT amount at 64 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate li pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery; rm. 3.
BORROW from the CUT RATE LOAN OF-
FICE, 22 Mason, opp. Olympla Music Hall.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. : LICK. lIS McAllister st.
$100 000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamond
Btrictcst privacy. Uncle Harris. IS Grant aye.
SFCOND mortgaces and undivided interest! In
««tatei a Tspellalty. MURPHY. C 36 Market at.
♦50 TO $50 000; lowest rates; Ist and !d mortg-.:
any propowttlon. Drya^n. 418 Montgomery st.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office nf The Call.
. Want -wrtu" and utihwrtntlnns t«k°n.-
MONEY WANTED. .
OIL-Capttal wanted for developnient of oil ter-
rltorj" on a share of profits. Address Oil
Capital, box 1020, Call office. ...:.-■
FIWNCIAL.
FOREIGN and home capital to Invest. STL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker, 328 Montgomery it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$2300 — Big bargain in new cottage In Rich-
mond; lot 25x127:6: on 14th aye., near Clement
St.; house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
is very cheap.
$36,000— Total rent SSSOO per annum; promi-
nent Slxth-Et. corner, not far from Market
St.; substantial Improvements, stores and lodg-
ing-house; extra large lot.
$7250— fine handsome new flats of 6 and
7 rooms and bath; best portion of Devtsadero
St.; rent $62 50; lot 25x100.
Price reduced to $2500— Business property;
2."th st., near Church; lot 25x114; 2-story build-
ing containing store and four rooms; also 7
rooms and bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear
of lot.
$5000— Rent $60; all rented; Shipley at., near
Sixth; 5 flats; lot 25x75; good Interest-paying
property.
$4250— $40; Clay st. between Powell and
Mason; 3-story building, 6 rooms, bath, etc.
$2760— Union St., near Taylor; 2 flats of 4
and 5 rooms each; lot has two frontages; rent I
$24.
-Rent $S2: two stores and flats; on 24th
st.; lot 50xlC0; this is a fine opportunity for
some one; call for particulars.
Mason st., near Sutter; house of 6
rooms and bath.
$2000— Filbert st., near Laguna; cottage of 6
room and bath; stable in rear of lot; lot 25x
137:6.
$4300 — Pi? bargain; Jackson Et., near Baker;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms aad bath; stable
in rear; let ~' 19 3
$10,000— Fulton St., near Franklin: large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
$2200— Welsh St., near 4th; 3 flats of 8. 3, and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats of
4 rooms each; total rent $44. ■
$6000— Rent $50; story brick building con-
taining stores and 14 rooms above; Minna St.,
near 3d. .-•*»;• ■•
$6000— Sacramento st. ; 2 new flats, 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 60; both rented.
. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery Bt.
NOW
t:r.
We don't want to hurry you unnecessarily,
but we feel that it is no more than right that
you should be acquainted with the facts.
WE HAVE SOLD
•48 LOTS IN THREE WEEKS
In the two blocks recently subdivided south
of Golden Gate Park.
WHY?
Because there are no lots at the price in the
city that can compare with the choice home
ai:d investment lots that we are offering for
$275 AND UPWARD.
Lots face on Eighth, Ninth, Tenth and
Eleventh avenues— of and not far from
Golden Gate Park. Lets graded and ready for
the builder. The terms place them within
your reach:
$25 CASH, $5 MONTHLY.
When you see these lots you will surely want
one or two. Magnificent views, overlooking
Golden Gate Park, the Golden Gate and the
city. Property lt»s on a gentle Slope running
up 'from the Park; splendid drainage; sheltered
from the winds by hills to the westward;
near the Affiliated Colleges and not far from
all the principal park attractions.
BIG CROWDS,
A large number of purchasers out to see
these lots every day. It will pay you to go
at once.
Take Haight or Ellis-st. cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of
the old steam dummy). Get oft at Ninth aye.
and II ST. We have a branch office there, open
daily (Sundays and holidays Included). Blue
cars on Mission and Ellis sts. run direct from
the ferries. BALDWIN & HOWELL,
■ 10 Montgomery st.
C. C. BEMIS,
REAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT,
3-4 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice bulldlntr lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts.: close to electric road.
IsGoO— Good corner for store; must be sold; 1
lot i2:4xtO feet. • , !
I $6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Presidio and bay.
EO-vara on Page st.; panhandle of park.
I $300— Choice building lots north of park.
Bargain— uthwest corner Fifth aye. and C
Bt : 10VX9S feet. . :
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
10 ACRES of land, near Fresno: best of soil;
house, bam, well and irrigating water _ for
' property around t!>e bay; J2OOP; clear. J. H.
EDSON, 1209 Broadway, Oakland.
___—_— — 1
REDWOOD road property, 100xl»0, with good ;
4-room house: modern; for Oakland, Ala- 1
meda, Berkeley or Ban Francisco lots or
ranch. ICCS Twenty-fourth aye. By letter.
D. P.. ICC6 Twenty-third aye.. East Oakland.
LOT ' 165x6.') and improvement!". $650. in San j
■Tone; cr exchange. Aprils 112 Eleventh st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
POSITIVE bargain— Old established real es- j
tat" office; owner going to Honolulu: sub
rents pay all expenses. Apply ALDEN, 802
Broadway. j
$6000— ELKOAKT new residence, modern; 9;
rooms; best residence part of the city; re- ;
duccfl from $1000: .rented $40. Apply quickly. !
ALDEN-GARFIELD CO., 902 Broadway,
Oakland.
j^jO— HOUSE and lot well located; also 3 rooms
"and large lot for $.'O5. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., 902 Broadway. <
sjO Qivt—TO loan oh real eEtate; also $500 on
furniture, pianos, etc. ALDEN-GARFIELD
CO., SO2 Broadway^
$200 CASH— SIS monthly will pay for a model 2-
story house of 7 rooms; modern and up to
fiate; an ideal home; large lot; chicken house;
Ai fence; grand view: fine elevation, yet
level- city water and main sevrer: Peralta
aye and Jones st.. Galindo Tract. East Oak-
land ; a few fine large lot* from $125 upward,
|10 cash, $5 monthly; no better site in Oakland
for a fine home; streets all macadamized: 3-
story school house and electric cans close by;
nice homes and well kept grounds Furround-
ing: price $ISOO. Cull or Bend for circular, 455
Seventh St., cor. Broadway, Oakland. Car-
riage free. H. Z. JON Owner.
A— ssso, PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one of
thop(» new 3-room cottage*, with lot iiflxl2s,
or 4 rooms and bath. $750, $7 SO a month, in
the Alvin tract: street macadamized: take
i Hay wards local train to Elmhurst station;
train stops in front of th" Alvin tract; or
H«y wards electric car to Jones aye. JACOB
■ MAN". 11 Montgomery el, San Fran-
clhco, or 463 Ninth et., Oaklanii.
MONEY to loan, large and small amounts;
legal papers drawn. L. L. M. BALSBURT,
Notary Public, Su2 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR pale or exchange for S. F. property— s-
rm. house, bath; nr. train. Box 421, Call. Oak.
2 ACRES" claoice fruit; new cottage. 5 rooms,
bath; 7-foot basement; tine artesian well,
windmill, tank house; Kencll aye., 2 block. 1
from San Leandro road, near power house,
Elmhurst. Apply to ALBERT SCHMIDT, 1122 ,
Thirteenth aye.. East Oakland.
A BARGAIN— S27SO; 4H acres; 6-room house:
barn, chicken houses; all complete; plenty of
fruit: near Fruitvale aye. Inquire at once,
Laymance Real Estate Co., 460-462 Eighth st.
9 'ROOMS: fine corner; central: rent reason-
able: don't miss seeing this place. E. E.
BUNCE COS Broadway, Oakland.
ti4CO— 7 ROOMS: good house: central: don't fail
"to see it at once; worth. $2200. E. E. BUNCE,
SOS Broadway, Oakland.
$100 000 to loan: low Interest; private offices;
private entrance. X'ncie Harris. 1' Grant avp.
OAKLAND . HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $17; no dark ran.;
Htove and porcelain bath; water, ash' man
free- Adeline station. Oakland: key 040 Union
--. KOENIO .tv KUDU.. ICO''. Broadway.
OAKLAND FUUMSHED HOUSES
CLEAN sunny 8-room house; central;' s4o; to
first-clrti=B tenant. "Home." Call. Oakland.
OAKLAND FURNISHED COTTAGES.
FURNISHED cottase. 6 rooms, situated on
Fourteenth st.; rent reasonable to a desirable
party. Apply 1004 Fourteenth st., Oakland.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROO3IS.
: COMPLETELY furnished housekeeping rooms;
flats 3 or i: also single. 1453-55 Broadway.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FtJRNIT'JRE — Good nncl cheap H. i^i'MKLii-
HAAS' old -tore. 41* Fl"v<-r»^ «t >■ Km hi-,
IUIITVALK REAL ESTATE.
$473— GREAT bargain; owner must sell;' going
East; house of 2 rooms and basement; "table,
fruit trees; corner lot. Usx]2s;-all fenced ;;ce-
ment walks: convenient to earn.
$l'K",o— Cost owner $l$00; for sale; In East Oak-
land; bay-window, cottage of 4 large rooms and
i bath; high basement; corner lot, 28x100; easy
urms It desired. . ■ . ,' ,
$1250— House of 5 rooms and bath; barn,
chicken houses, fruit-trees;- lot 100_i05;. all
fenced; only 8 blocks from station.
$1650— Cottage of 5 rooms, 7-foot basement,
front and back porch; good stable, 4 chicken'
houses; fine artesian well, windmill and tank;
fruit trees; lot 65*350; ail fenced.. ,
For rent at $12 ''"' per month— acres in choice
fruit; cottage of 5 rooms and bath; large bam, ,
chicken houses, artesian well, windmill and
tank. ■. ■' '■' ' •"- > '."-' ; i"".: ' "'■'
For further particulars apply to
H. A. PLEITNBB, Frultvale Station, Cal.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALA.IIEIJA REAL ESTATE.
SPECIAL NOTICE. '■'■ -  ..'.'■
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
JI2CO; $1700, 51800, $2200. $2600, $3000.
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of installments, and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. They con-
tain 4, 6, 6 and 7 rooms, and are finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near, schools
and stations. ....
We are going to weed them out. and invite
inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL.
Bay-st. station, Aiameda, and 630 Market st.,
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
$1400 — TO close an estate; lot 40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; 2 blocks from station and
school. *
$1000— lot 50x150: house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton st. station.
$2800— Colonial cottage. 7 rooms and
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
! Elegant home on Central aye.: lot 50x207. See
this at once. j Houses to let In all parts of Aia-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Aiameda Land Company, Installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
.Aiameda, Cal. ' _^ -
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
IN BERKELEY! IN BERKELEY 'f"""'
Bancroft way, near Fulton, near the uni-
versity grounds; fine modern house of S
rooms for sale cheap; price $3500. McAFEE
BROTHERS, 103 Montgomery St., S. F. 85S [
FOR Sale — At a bargain; house of 4 rooms and
basement- lot 50x135; fine view; only 3 blocks
North Berkeley depot: price $800; worth $1200.
O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center St., Berkeley.
$3000— 5-room cottage; bath, laundry; I' 4 acre?;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & Cod-
dlngtcn, 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley stn.
ALT A PUNT A Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on Ban Pablo aye., 8 miles
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage: look
at this. Send for map to O. W. HAIGHT.
220 Sansome St.. S. F. -
FOR SALE— Only $3500; new 7-room house; all
latest Improvements; near the university;
large lot; street work all done. JOSEPH
J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley station.
HOUSES TO LET.
SUNNY NE. corner house in the Western
Addition 14 rooms; modern; would do nicely
for a private boarding-house. Inoulre 900
Devisadero St., corner —* McAllister.
ALAMEDA— Furnished house complete; 6 rooms
and bath. Address or call 2124 Eagle aye.,
Aiameda.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St.. near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
BROADWAY, 1896—9 rooms, bath; furnished;
sunny; marine view. Apply on premises.
ELLIS 7-room house, bath, larue yard,
rent $15. Apply 626 Eddy St.
HOUSE to Let— ls Oak st., near Market and
Van Ness aye. ; 8 rooms, bay windows, bath,
. etc.; nice condition: rent very reasonable.
JONES, 2120— House, 4 rooms, wash kitchen
and yard.
JUST completed; lodging-house, 37 rooms; all
gunny and on one floor. Southeast corner
Sixth and Shipley ets. ■
PERRY, 208, near Fourth — 4 rooms and yard;
rent $8; water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
BEN & CO.
POINT LOBOS aye., 813— House of 5 rooms and
yard ; rent $12.
PRESIDIO Heights; new 12-room residence;
r>eautiful marine view. 3415 Jackson st.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. ■• '
$12—5 LARGE rooms, one floor. 6 Pine place,
off Pine st., bet. Mason and Taylor.
$28—710 CA PP st. ; 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California: 8 rooms, bath.
$25—2726 Mission: 9 rooms, bath.
W. H. (HIM & CO.. lIS Montgomery st.
$100,000 to loan; ladles' private entrance and
■private offices at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant aye.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARLINGTOnT"33S— San Mateo cars to Thirty-
fourth St.; 3 rooms, large yard, $5 per month.
BAY-WINDOW cottage, 6 rooms and bath;
back and front garden; nice view. 1289 lath.
COTTAGE, 4 rooms: stabla: large yard. 218
Collingwood; rent .2. MADISON & burke.
NEW 5 r 'm sunny cottage home, big lot. close
to Golden Gate Station. $14; or will sell, $150
cash, balance like rent. THE MCCARTHY
CO.. 646 Market St., Ban Francisco.
NEW colonial cottage. 4 rooms, ! etc. $700.
Tenth aye.. -.!). of Golden Gate Park. --
_ JIMSHKI) FLATS. V
COMFORTABLE, furnished upper flat, 6 rooms;
bath; garden. Wo Fulton st. ; key in lower flat.
SMALL flat, 4 sunny rooms nicely furnished.
1522 Geary ft.
FLATS* TO LET.
APp7^ClATEDTf''6eenr?29: water free: north-
west corner Erie and Howard, nr. 13th: t big
rooms »»nd porch; t.xtded wl;h sunshine.
ASH aye . 125. between Polk and Van Ness,
McAllister and Fulton— s22 50; 5-room upper
fiat,
A— NICE cozy 4-room flat; Ellis and Mason
sts. ; $15. SPECK .v CO.. 602 Market ft.
DOLORES, 1037 A— Newly painted modern 6-
room flat; rent reduced. _
ELLIS 925, near Van Ness Elegant new
flat, 7 rooms; bath and yard; rent cheap.
FLAT. 5 rooms and bath; rent reasonable;
water free. 122^ Noe st. J
FLAT, 6 rooms, bath, yard, cellar; $18; also
flat i rooms, yard, cellar: $7. 915 Filbert «t.
FRANKLIN, 604 To let, flat, 4 rooms and bath;
modern improvements.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1138, near Webster—
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAIGHT 424-4—M odern upper flat, 7 light sun-
ny room* an<l bath; yard and basement; rent
reasonable. -
HAVES, 339— Branch office of The Call, flub-
scrlptlons and ads taken. _^
HENRY. 132, near Noe— Flat, 5 rooms and
bath; stable. . ■ j
HYDE, 1720—5 new choice rooms, $17; also cot-
tage, 6 rooms.. sls.
MINNA, 904, near Tenth— Flat. 4 rooms and
bath. * ' ■
MOSS 3i''->, between Sixth and Seventh, • off
Howard— Lower bay-window flat. 5 rooms;
large yard; basement; rent reduced./
SEVENTH, 46, near Market— 4 sunny
rooms; rent reduced. !____
STOCKTON place, „. between Grant aye. and
Stockton— Flat, 4 sunny rooms.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, 4 rooms; cheap. Northeast corner Do-
lores and Fifteenth »ts.
TKHAMA. 62, nr. Second— Lower part of house,
3 large rooms, $9; good order; very cheap.
UPPER flat, 3 nice sunny rooms, bath; fine
view of bay: cheap. 1624 Broadway.
UPPER flat; 3 choice sunny rioms: pantry,
storeroom, $12. 2419 Clay St.. near Filimore.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL. 10 Mont-
gomery st. - - ■
2 NICE rooms, kitchen, yard and basement; $7;
upper fiat 5 rooms, bath and conservatory, $12.
]>; Folsom aye., off Folsom St.. near Eighth.
2OR 3 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion st. - ' \ '
6 LARGE rooms and bath: In fine condition:
all modern: rent very reasonable. 306 Grove
ft., near Franklin. ■''■--
$B— LOWER flat; 4 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near Twenty-fifth st. - - . ..
LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ava. ■
$12 AND $13; sunny fiats; range; hot and coin
water. 101 Prospect place, cor.' Sacramento st.
$14—5 SUNNY room*. 918 Geary st.. between
Polk find Larkin: apply on the premises.
$35-3130 WASHINGTON: 8 rooms, bath; very
sunny; electric pas lighting.
$22 50—2516 Mission st. ; 6 rooms, oath.
$21—123 Hermann: comer; 5 rooms, bath.
$20— 1507 Eddy— 4 rooms, bath.
$17 50—1316 Mason: 5 rooms, bath.
$17—207 Second: 7 rooms. ".
$16—1845 Union; 6 rooms; bath.
$16— and Howard? 8 rooms, j
$15— im McLea court; 5 rooms, bath. f.j
114— 2416 Mission; 4 rooms, bath. . .- .■•;';-
. W. H. CRIM & CO. , lIS Montgomery st.
$100 000 to loan on diamonds.watches: low rate*:
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BUCHANAN, 602. corner Fell— I or more sun-
ny parlors and kitchens, $5 up. •.--.-,.,-
BUSH, . 1203—3 furnished room* for housekeep-
ing ; gas and bath. .:'■'■.'■' \ :: . ■
CLFMENTINA, 707, cor. Sth— Nice front room
for housekeeping: bath and laundry; $10.
EDDY, US— Sunny back room; running water;
range; $6 month. ' '
EDDY 207— Nicely furnished sunny rooms, from
85 Up: also rooms for housekeeping, cheap. '
EDDY 305— Sunny furnlfihed ■ housekeeping;
room; reasonable; private family. , {
EIGHTH, 34— Sunny - front parlor, i with one or
two bedrooms and kitchen; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping; private family; bath.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
ELLIS, 532—4 sunny unfurnished rooms. Call
1 to 4.
ELLIS, CIS— 2 or 3 sunny rooms: bath; gas
stove; private family; moderate.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished housekeeping; 2 parlors,
kitchen and bath, $20; also 3, $12; single, $5.
FIFTH, 392, near Harrison— Sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; rent cheap; $1 up.
FILLMORE, 2212, near Clay— slo; 3 sunny un-
furnished roonfs; good yard.
FOLSOM. SIC — 2 neat sunny rooms; furnished
complete: no children; $10.
FOLSOM, 870— Sunny furnished rooms for
housekeeping; double and single; reasonable.
FOLSOM. 2848—3 or 4 sunny; front back parlor;
kitchen; gas stove; unfurnished.
GEARY, 556— Sunny lar^e front room suites:
double and single rooms: prlv. housekeeping.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 3050—2 sunny, well-fur-
nlßhed rooms for light housekeeping; gas
etove. bath and free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 1404— Furnished front
room and bath; housekeeping; $10.
GROVE. 202. corner Van Ness aye. un-
furnished 3-room suite, with gas range.
HOWARD, 805 Vs. nr. Fourth— Sunny furnished
hack and front roon:s; hot and cold water.
HOWARD, 106S— Newly furnished sunny rooms,
bingle or housekeeping; $4 per month up.
HOWARD, 1324—2 larsre rooms; furnished com-
plete for housekeeping.
JACKSON. 920— Sunny front large furnished
housekeeping rooms, $S and $9; single, $4.
JACKSON. 3019— 1n elegant residence, 3 sunny
furnished rooms; one Is double room, one
floor; rent, including gas. $30; gas stove.
JONES 117—2 nicely furnished sunny suites;
housekeeping privileges; $10 end $12; private.
LAGUNA 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
h«th. $7.
LARKIN. 706— Housekeeping rooms furnished
and unfurnished, and single rooms; sunny
and light.
LARKIN, .1411— Sunny front mom; runnnlng
water: stove; bath; single; $4-SS.
LARKIN. 804— Large sunny front with small
connecting room; light housekeeping: $9.
MINNA, 620 1 *— Nice sunny front room for
housekeeping: rent reasonable.
MISSION, 952— Large sunny room; also house-
keeping rooms.
NINETEENTH, 3267, near Howard— 2 rooms
complete -for housekeeping, bath; more for
company's sake.
NOB Hill— 3 sunny rooms, bath, partly fur-
nished: housekeeping; adults. Box 1033. Call.
OAK, 119— Large sunny front room furnished
complete, housekeeping, $S: small front room,
complete housekeeping. $5; one sunny ua-
furnlshed. $4.
OAK. 1133—3 or 4 furnished rooms; entrance
park; gas stove, bath; cheap; also single.
PINE. 1931—3 unfurnished rooms.
POLK, SOS — 2 or 4 unfurnished connecting
housekeeping rooms; sunny; first-class; rea-
sonable.
SKII'LEY, 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; house
new; no children; no dogs.
SACRAMENTO, 1631. near Polk— Sunny rooms
for light housekeeping: reasonable.
SHOTWELL, 708—2 sunny unfurnished house-
keeping rooms.; hot and cold water; floor cov-
ered.
SIXTH, 216--.—Ho usekeeping rooms, thoroughly
renovated; "also single; running water; reas.
SIXTH. 561—3 large sunny rooms, unfurnished;
cellar; large yard; rent cheap.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
paperc-d. ll'.O Mission St., near Seventh; $17
TAYLOR, 323— Sunny front light housekeeping
rooms, bath and gas, $10 and $12.
THE Piedmont, 119 A Sixth St.— 2 or 2 rooms;
furnished for housekeeping; also other rooms.
THREE or 4 unfurnished rooms with bath,
etc., for refined party of adults; German pre-
ferred: Western Addition; references. Box
1811, Call office.
TURK. 126—2 sunny unfurnished rooms for
hous»kpg; closet; running water; no children.
TWELFTH. 230 C —Large sunny housekeeping
rooms; private family; reasonable. >
VAN NESS. 518—2 sunny front rooms complete
for housekeeping; $15.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry: low interest. Uncle Harris. If, Grant aye.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms, en suite or single; flrst-clas»
In ever}' respect: terms reasonable.
AT Hyde, 609. Sutter, 719— Sunny; choice;
reasonable: appreciated If seen.
AT 52 Second— DouWe rooms per week, $150 to
$3; single. $1 to $1 5«: day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA. The 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA. 233 Post St.. 3 bl. cks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable: sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board if desired.
CALIFORNIA, 8S2 — An elegant suite of sunny
furnished rooms, suitable for 2 gentlemen;
board if desired.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $S. $10 mo.
f, 118— Punny, front suite, grate, reason-
able and pleasant; also single, cheap.
Kl.i.is ' : -Nveiy furnished alcove for three
gentlemen; single rooms.
ELLIS, OS -The newest, prettiest, sunniest
parlor suite In the city; corner; private home;
gentlemen; see It to-day.
Kl.i.is, 6:«. corner Larkia — Sunny room; fold-
ing bed; gas and bath.
QKART, 378— I.rf»rire sunny room; private fain-
rent reasonable.
GEARY. 610— Large newly furnished bay-win-
A»W room; also housekeeping and single rms.
GLOBfc House. S2l Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading room; Howard car*.
QOLDKN GATE, 435— Nicely furnished front
room; bath, gas, etc.
GRANT aye., 17, near Market — Sunny suite;
also single rooms; transient solicited.
GRAND BOUTHKBN, SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms: en suite and
single; elevator: moderate rates: families.
HAIGHT, 642— Part of a Bunny flat; 2. 3 or 5
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable.
HANCOCK House, 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house; ?1 60 to $6 per week.
HARRISON. 784 H. near Fourth— Finely fur-
nished sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
quiet home; $1 a week.
lIAPKELL, The, 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light Bunny rooms; transients; gents preferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor— Elegant
suites and slngl. rms.: trasient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 759—3 nicely furnished sunny front
rcoms; cheaiinst in town,
HOWARD. 9534— Newly furnished eunny
rooms, $1 per week; large front room, $2 50.
HYDE, 1111— Furnish" 1 un-l unfurnished rooms.
KEARNY, 23(V-New furnished front rooms;
single or double; central: reasonable.
LARKIN. 509 A —Large light furnished room;
double bed; closet; $5.
MARKET 1007%— Changed hands; suites or sin-
gle; reas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MCALLISTER, 635— Elegant furnished rooms,
suitable for housekeeping; private family.
MINNA, 430 — Sunny furnished front room, suit-
able tor one or two persons; $8.
MINNA, 6C7, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 per week; transient.
NICELY furnished sunny room; lowly marine
view; private family; bath; rent $4. Address
box 13l"\ Call office.
O'FARRELL. 20— Sunny furnished rooms; ele-
vator; electric lights; day. week or month.
O'FARRELL, 327— Fine large front room; grate
and gas; one or two 6entl«men; $10.
PERRY. 174— Large sunny front bay-window
room with use of bath.
POST, 1013— Large front alcove, well furnished;
grate, gas; bath. _
POWELL, 147—211 O'Farrell— Furnished rooms;
suite or single; also transient; rent cheap.
POWELL, 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; reasonable.
RITCH 210V4— 2 or 5 rooms: rent $5 and $10.
Apply 236 V;,, off Bryant, near Third.
SACRAMKNT' >. 1803, corner Larkln— Sunny
corner boy-window room; private family;
rent reasonable.
iifvENTH. 178— Nicely furnished sunny front
rooms ; cheap.
SEVENTH. 192, near Howard (Glrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable; also housekeeping.
SEVENTEENTH, 3737, near Church— Sunny
room with board, for man and wife or 1 or
2 gentleman, $3 per week.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St..
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWKLL, 72&— Furnished room; $3: Mission
warm belt.
SIXTH. 136— Room suitable for two; light
housekeeping allowed. ____^
SITTER. 1111— Nlcly furnished rooms, single
or en suite; very reaaoaabla; aiso bousekpg.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
BUTTER 1148. corner Polk— Newly ; furnished
sunny suites and single ; also suite for doc-
tor's" of flee. --..«■■•'- •
TAYLOR, 209— Newly furnished sunny front
bay-window room for 2 gents ;< private; $16.
TAYLOR.' Nicely furnished Bunny front
rooms; bath and gas; $10 and $12. .
TAYLOR. 238— Single sunny rooms for gent or
lady, ; $7 to $8. _
TAYLOR, 624— Furnished bay-window and cor-
ner rooms; all sunny; 2 boarders^
THE BRUNSWICK, 143 Sixth St., corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located; rooms
en suite or single, 25c to $1 night; $1 25 to $o
week; open all night; Howard st. cars pass
■house direct from all boats and trains.
TREMONT House. 1773 Market St., opp.Gough—
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 524— Small j sunny furnished front room
for lady; private family; reference. .
TURK, 523—2 sunny furnished rooms. *_
VAN NESS aye., $— Handsome sunny bay-
window alcove; private residence; modern
conveniences ; terms low. .- „ V ' : =
VAN NESS aye.. 300— Sunny , double parlors,
suitable for doctor or dentist; also single rms.
VERONA, 7. off Third— front room ; pri-
vate family.
$100,000 to loan on silverware, oil paintings and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^aOTSFORDTThe^^'
Broadway and Polk st». Quiet, homelike: terms
moderate: board optional; all cars direct.
BOARDING houses find it to their advantage
to buy meat at the Bay City. Market.
BUSH, Genteel board and room' for gentle-
man and wife; hot and cold water.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 334— Large sunny alcove
for 2 or more; board; private family.
"IRVING,"' 1070 Valencia Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for 2 gentle-
men; home cooking: parlor, piano: $22 50 each.
ROOM and board for 3 gents in private family.
Address or call Ml Fifth st.
SOUTH PARK, 153— Furnished room with
board.
VAN NESS aye.. Bl»— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipt?. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes to have 2 or 3
children to board; good home; mother's care.
282S Laguna st., near Union.
CARE of infant or small child by responsible
lady; terms $10. 776 Stevenson st.
ENGLISH widow would like 2 children to
board; furnished room for parent. 51 Clara.
STORES TO LET.
MARKET, 1032, near Mason— Front suite, first
. floor: for doctor or business; terms reas-
■ onable. . ''. i'< ■'■ >v? *
PACIFIC. 328. near Sansome— Handsome large
store: very cheap to good tenant. ■".•>:- >-*» i
STORE corner Lafayette and Howard ; fixtures
for saloon. Apply MM Mission st. -
OFFICES TO LET.
EMMA SPRECKELS building. 927 Market Bt. :
light, heat, Janitor and telephone: rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDNER, room 210.
$70—277 O'FARRELL; store, rooms and base-
ment.
$22 50— Corner 15th and Howard, with 2 rooms.
— Corner 23d and Florida, with 4 rooms.
$18—564 Geary, with 1 large room.
$13—161 First, with 1 room.
W. H. TRIM & CO., lIS Montgomery st.
OFFICE WANTED.
WANTED— To rent, part of office in centrally
located, modern office building. Address, with
particulars. Specialty, box J. 321,' Call office.
HORSES.
60 HORSES of every description at Emporium
Salesyards, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for Bale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneer*.
JUST arrived— 2 carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental Salesyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS A\D CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co.. 211 Larkin, opp. City Hall.
LEGAL NOTICES.
TO satisfy bottomry bond, etc, the steamer
Clara and barge Monarch, now on the Yukon
river, are offered for sale to the highest bid-
der. Direct Often to WADE. CLARK &
WILSON, Attorneys for Plaintiff, Dawson
City. N. W. T., Yukon District.
September 12. IS9S.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHi
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BOKN.
CONLAN— In this city. October 23, ISM, to the
wife of Samuel L. Conlan, a daughter.
FREETHER— In this city. November 1, ISO*, to
the wife of Captain G. Freether, twin sons.
GIANNI In this city. October 29, 1898, .-to
the wife of Henry P. Giannini, a daughter.
GLASS— In Los Angeles, October 31. IS9S, to
the wife of Milton Glass (nee Kallmann), a
daughter.
HA INKS— In this city, to the wife of Emanuel
Haines of Rocklin, a son.
HERTZBERG— In this city, November 1. IS9B,
to the wife of Jacob Hertzberg, a son.
KECK— In Oakland. October 31, 1393, to the
wife of George F. Keck, a daughter.
MeENTEE— In this city. October 20. IS3S. to
the wife of James .1. McEr.tee, a daughter.
MAY— In this city, November 3, IS9S, to the
wife of Ernest May, a daughter.
WALTERS— At Lane Hospital. November 4,
18*8, to the wife of H. S. Walters. M. D., a
son.
MARRIED.
ADAMI— LOEFFLER-«In this city, October 29.
1888, by the Rev. J. G. Mangold, Henry F.
Adami and Louise R. Loeffler.
DUCKER— DEXIKE— In this city, November 2,
I--, by the Rev. W. D. Crabb. Alfred Dueker
and Emma. Denike.
OLMOS— HALE— In this city, October 31, UK,
at Nuestra Senora de Guadalupe's Church, by
the Rev. Father Vlladomat, Samuel Olmos
ami Fannie Hale, both of San Francisco.
DIED.
Bond, William W. Marx. David
Cheney, Oliver Miller. Margaret
Crosby. Helen E. Nile. Joseph
Dnvls (Infant) Rechel. Rachel D. B.
Densmore. Frank Roberts, George F.
Ellerd. Catherine T. Sullivan, Louisa
Frank. Linda Sweeney. Catherine
Gaillard, Marie Taylor, John
Garry. Michael Tinan, Annie
King, William • Thornpr, Joseph W.
Littlefleld. Loamml Thusen, Niels K.
MeFarland, Owen Weitner, Anton
Madden, James J. Westlake, W. M. B. i
BOND— In South San Francisco., November 3,
1338. William Walter, dearly beloved son of
Thomas and • Maggie Bond, beloved brother
of James T. Bond, grandson of Annie and the
late James IJcatty. nephew of Mrs. 11. Kel-
lum of Oakland, Mrs. J. R.". Lindsay, James
A. and William T. Beatty. Henry H. Bond
and J. R. Lindsay, and cousin of Bella Lind-
say and TUlie Beatty, a native of South San
Fr^nclrico, aged 12 years and 7 months.
K3 Frlend!' and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents, 1007 M street, near Eleventh
avenue. South San Francisco. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery. -
CHENEY— In Oakland. November 5. IS9B. Oli-
ver, beloved husband of Mrs. J. T. Cheney,
and father of Allen T., Grace E. and Jessie
I. Cheney, a native of Ireland. - aged 31 years
5 months and 27 days. (New York papers
please copy.)
. (ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend .the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 810 Thirty-fifth street, Oakland. In-
terment Mountain View Cemetery.
CROSBY— In this city, November 5, IS9S, Helen
E. Crosby, . a native of Albion, Me., aged 43
years 2 months and 1 day.
DAVIS— In this city, November 5, 1888, infant
child of Captain William and Alice Davis, a
native of San Francisco, aged 1 day.'.- ,".
DENSMORE— In . this city. November 2. . IS9B,
Frank Densmore, late of Yukon, Alaska, a
native of Maine, agod 43 years.-
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 3:30 o'clock, from the parlors
or Halt-ted & Co., 946 Mission street. Re-
mains to be shipped to Auburn. Me. .
ELLERD— In this city. November 5, 1898. Cath-
erine Theresa, beloved wife of the late Wil-
liam EUerd, and sister of Mary McCarthy, a
native of County Kerry. : Ireland, aged Co
I years, m ' ~■■ ■ ■ ■ -■ ,--:._■ ;
mend* and acquaintances ; are . respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
* ■ (Monday), at 1: o'clock, ■ from her late resi-
"< dence, 1410 Baker street, thence to , St. Dom-
inic's ; Church ; for . services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. .
FRANK— In this city, November 5, 1898. Linda,
beloved daughter of Maurice and Rosie
Frank, and sister of Oscar and Rena Frank,
a native of San Francisco, aged 24 years 11
months- and 19 days.:
E7Fr!enda and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend. the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the family resi-
dence, 2GIO Sacramento street. Interment
Home of Peace Cemetery, by 3:30 o'clock
train from Third and Townsend streets.
GAILLARD— this city, November 4, 1898.
Marie, beloved wife of Leon Gaillard. and
mother or Adele and Bertha Gaillard, a na-
tive of Belgium, aged 44 years.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from her late real-
dence, nos Treat avenue, between Twenty-
fourth and Twenty-fifth streets, thence to
St. Peter's Church, where services will be
hela. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
GARF:Y— In this city, November 4, IS?S, Mich-
ael, beloved husband of the late Delia Garry,
and father of John and Edward Garry and the
late Hannah Green, a native of County Mayo,
Ireland, aged 70 years.
E?"Fr;ends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 12 o'clock, from the residence of
his son,- John Garry, 279 A Harriet street,
thence to St. James Church for services. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery- ■
KING In this city, November 3. 1898. William,
beloved husband of Catherine' King, and
. father of Mrs. Mary K. Lanlrum . -d TUlie
; KinK, a native of Brixham, Devonshire, Eng-
land, aged 77 years 6 months and 6 days.
ICFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), from Red Men's Ha!!. 320 Post
street, under the auspices of Miantonomah
Tribe No. 9, Imp. O. R. M., services to com-
mence at 2 o'clock. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
LITTLEFIELD— In this city, November 3, 1898,
Loammi, beloved husband of Ellen Little-
field, and father of May and George Little-
field, a native of Wells, Me., aged 72 years
6 months and 13 days. (New York. Boston
and Jacksonville. Fla., papers please copy.)
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of California Lodge No.
1, F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Ceme-
tery. .■■ . , - . : ■ "■. '-v.-.V
McFARLAND— In Los Angeles, October 27.
■ 1898, Owen McFarland. a native of Ireland,
aged. 72 years.
MADDEN— In this city, November 3, 1898.
James J., beloved husband of Margaret Mad-
den, son of 'James and Mary Madden, and
brother of Nellie Madden, a native of San
Francisco, aged 29 years.
CC?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, IS Folsom avenue, off Folsom street,
between Seventh and Eighth, thence to St.
Rose's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul
at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
MARX— In this city, November 6, IS9S. David,
beloved brother of Jacob Marx of San Fran-
cisco and Rose Marx of Germany, a native of
Germany, aged 56 years.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 1135 Polk street. Cremation at I. Q.
O. F. Cemetery- Please omit flowers.
MILLER— In this city, November 4, 1898, Mar-
garet Miller, dearly beloved mother of Lottie
and Charlie Miller and Mrs. .1. Zammitt. and
grandmother of Kitty Zammitt, a native of
Germany, aced 63 years.
C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, "WA Washington avenue, between
Mission and Howard. Ninth and Tenth
streets. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
NILE— In this city. November 8, IS9B, Joseph
Nile, a native of England, aged 54 years.
[CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors of
the California Undertaking Company, south-
west corner of Geary and Stockton streets,
under the auspices of Court Alliance No.
7806. A. O. F. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
RECHEL— In this city, November 4, 1898.
Rachel D. 8., beloved wife of Christian
Rechel, mother of W. Arthur, Nellie and J.
Gilbert Rechel. and sister of Nellie and
Henry Burner, a native of Ohio, aged 53
years and IS days.
lv?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the Trinity
Presbyterian Church, corner Twenty-third
and Carp streets. Interment Mount Olivet
Cemetery.
ROBERTS— In this city, November 3. 1898.
George F.. beloved husband of Alice E. Rob-
erts, and father of George, Percy, Valentin©
and Clayton Roberts, a native of England,
aged 41) years.
(ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of J. Hagan, 1705 Sacramento street,
near Polk. Interment Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery by electric car leaving Eighteenth and
Guerrero streets at 2 o'clock.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital.
November 5. IS9S. Louisa Sullivan, a native
of the District of Columbia, aged 49 years.
SWEENEY— In this city, November 5, 1898.
Catherine Grace, beloved daughter of John
and Jane Sweeney, a native of San Fran-
r'.sco, Aged 10 months. . ... _ .
TAYLOR— In Oakland, November 3. IS9S, John,
beloved husband of Martha Taylor of Lafay-
ette Contra Costa County, a native of Mis-
souri, aged 73 years.
ITT- Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the If. E. Church
at Lafayette, Contra Costa County.
THORNER— In this city, Novei-ber 1. 1898,
Joseph \V.. dearly beloved ton of the lata
Catherine and John F. Thorner. and devoted i
brother of Mrs. M. H. Becher and lira. John
Walters, a native of Philadelphia, aged .27
* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late
residence 1219 Pacific street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, Van Ness avenue, corner
of Broadway, where a high mass will be said
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment National Cemetery. s
THUSEN-In this city. November 5, 1338. Niels
K. Thusen. a native of North Schleswig.
aged 66 years and 6 months.
rj Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invite! to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Mnndav) at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlor*
of HP Petersen & Co.. 228 McAllister
street Interment I. O. O. P. Cemetery.
TTNAN— In the City and County Hospital. No-
vember 4. 1898, Annie Tinan, a native of Ire-
land aired R2 years. , ,„„„
W r EITNER— In this city. November 4. 1898,
Anton beloved husband of Hannah Weltner
(ree Kennedy), and son-in-law of the late
Mary Sands, a native of Germany, aged 43
years md 10 months. •
ir?-Friends and acquaintances are respect-
*ulb- Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 12:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
Aenre 16*4 Mom street, between Sixth and
ath! thence to B'nai B'rith Hall. 121
Eddy street, where the services will be held
commencing at 1:30 o'clock sharp under
auspices of Crockett Lodge No. 139. F. .and A.
M. Members of Court Eucllean No. 6932 F. of
A also members of Ivy Lodge No. 1716, K.
Of 11., are invited to attend, Interment Ma-
W S ESTLAKE^In" Oakland. November 5. 1898.
wniliurn M 8.. beloved husband of M. J.
West^ke. and father of Maude H.. William
T and Warren L. Westlake. Mrs. M. C
Fltzpatrick and Mrs. A. J. Boot, a native of
FnK'and aged 60 years 10 months and IS days.
(Bradford and Hamilton. Ontario. Canada,
nape's ulea^e copy.)
* r-^-jr-i, n.is and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from his late ; resi-
dence mo Twelfth street. West Oakland.
Interment Mountain View Cemetery.
CARD OF THANKS.
HFETH To our many friends and acquaint-
ances, also tlfe officers and members of Wal-
halla Rebekah Degree Lodee No. 130. I O.
OF and Teutonia Council No. 66. Chosen
Friend" who gave ao many evidences of their
heartfelt and coir.fortinK sympathy during
our late bereavement of wife and mother, we
desire to return our sincere thanks.
Albert S. Heeth. husband; Anna Catherine
Heeth Mrs F. Acker, daughters; Hen-man
W. Heeth/'George C. Heeth and Albert S. ■
Heeth Jr.. sons*. ■
A. B GALLAGHER Mrs. H. J. GALLAGHER
' HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.. , .
Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL . DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS.
20 Fifth st.. opposite Lincoln School. ;
Telephone South 80. .". . . '-
H. FV MAASS,
Undertaker and Embalmep.
Everything Requisite for First-Class Funerals
at Reasonable Rates. . -
Telephone South 273. 917 Mission Stree»-
CANARY ISLANDS VEGETATION.
The soil Is very rich. With Irrigation'
three harvests a year are regularly gath-
ered on Canary and .Teneriffe. The water"
supply is largely kept up by the cloud
belts, which even in the driest , seasons •
form almost daily over the higher moun-
tains, feeding the springs there which aro
the life of the land. But,, as has already
been said, the rocky, volcanic : nature -of
the coast forbid* . the entrance of many
plants, and this fact has had great in-
fluence on the character of the flora. The;
craggy hills and stony shores have a de- ;
cidedly desert aspect, adaptations ■'■ to
drought in the form of freshy, hoary and
coriaceous leaves and stems abound. Eu- 1
phorbias take the place and have the ap-
pearanceof the cacti of American deserts, s
Fleshy Crassulaceae of. the Sempervivum j
group - are more abundant : here than In ,
any other part of the world. ■_ There are
twenty-two species of them which are
not confined to the volcanic wastes and i
shores. They project from the most pre- r
cipitous and rocky sides of -> the gorges. .
The urban flora, which makes La?una and !
other old towns so picturesque, and ! .
which - Berthelot describes as largely -a |
duplication of that of the rums or the
Coliseum of Rome, consists conspicuously
of fleshy-leaved . Sempervivums and Sen-
ecios whose roots penetrate the tiles of
the : house* and the stones of < the street.
It is curious how many of these fleshy
plants have their leaves growing, in ros-j
ettes producing a similarity between the :
members of widely, separated orders.— Ap- 1
pi etons Popular Science Monthly.
1314
PLUNGED TO
DEATH IN A
CHAOTIC PIT
Collapse of a Detroit
Theater.
NO WARNING TO THE VICTIMS
TEN KNOWN TO HAVE BEEN
KILLED.
Twelve Workmen Sustain Severe In
juries — The Disaster Due to
the Falling in of the
Roof.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DETROIT. Nov. s.— The new nve
story Wonderland Theater building is
to-night in a hopeless state of collapse,
and fifteen or more lives have been sac
rificed by an appalling accident which
occurred this afternoon.
Shortly before 2 o'clock, when some
thirty-five men were at work in va«
rious parts of the half-finished thea
ter portion of the structure, the roof
fell in without a second's warning.
Nearly every workman was carried
down into the tbeater pit, the top gal
lery was crushed down upon the lower
gallery, forming a sort of fatal hillside,
down which slid broken steel girders,
planks, timbers, brick and a gr-at
quantity of cement from the roof, and
carrying along a struggling company
of men into the pit below, very few of
whom escaped injury.
The front, wall of the building re
mained practically intact, but the eafct
side wall bulged and buckled threaten
ingly. Notwithstanding the latter dan
ger, the work of rescuing the injured
and taking out the dead, was rushed
and good progress made until i>:ls,
when the upper portion of the east wail
fell, a shower of bricks striking around
the crowd of laborers, officers :~;id
newspaper men, extinguishing the tem
porary electric lights and causing a
stampede for the street. Fortunucely
none of those who were struck Dy the
so'-ond downfall was seriously Injured,
although several were precipitated into
the basement through the steel joists,
over which only a few loose planks
were laid.
Mayor Maybury and other city nfil- j
cinls, who were on the scene, thereon
decided not to further imperil life m
o."der tn Bave dead bodies, and v, rk
wa« suspended until to-morrow. Whtn
the second crash occurred two mor? j
bodies were visible in the debris, but
they were abandoned for the prerent.
Th" dead:
AUGUST SAJLLACH, laborer.
GEORGE W. WHITE, tinner.
THEODORE MERTELS, laborer.
MARTIN SHAFER, painter.
CORNELIUS McARRON, laborer.
JAMES MEGERSCHKE, laborer.
AUGUST JANUSCHOWSKI. laborer.
JOHN GRBSELSKI, laborer.
Two nmr? bodies had been discovered
in the debris at the time the second
cra=h came. The missing are:
PETER CONNORS, laborer. •
JACOB LEWEN. metal polisher.
FRANK WOLFE.
— BETTS, metal cornice maker.
O. MULLIN.
Twelve other workmen wpre seriously
Injured. Of then" it is reared thru Ed
ward Fisher and J. W. Wilson will die.
The disaster is supposed to have been [
due to the use of faulty iron beams in
the construction of the supports for the
very heavy roof.
The property is owned by Patrick
Wiggins, partner of J. H. Moore in his
theatrical and museum enterprises.
Needham's Ready Pistol.
OAKLAND, Nov. s.— Danny N'eedham
took a. shot at William Kihlmeyer at mid
nipht in the Anheuser saloon. While
Needbam was in the Klondike three shots
were fire*! through a window of his house
at his wife's shadow. Kihlmeyer had been
annoying her. and he was arrested, but
afterward discharged. Nc-edham mot
him to-night, and it is believed his shot
took effect in Kihlmeyer's hin. Kihl
meyer ran off as fnst as he could.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MfMQ&dm Wk
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs of
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, % excesses or
indiscretions are restored* to perfect
health and strer-"- through his new
and original system of treatment.
RIIPTHKK cured br his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. TABICOCELE, hydro-
cele. swelling and tenderness of the
elands treated with unfailing success.
CJontn^ioiiN blood poison in any
at its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I..n«lle» will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
F. L. BWSANY. M. D., 737 Market
street. San Francisco, Cal.
NO PAINI NO PAINI
f -■■■fESEftv. kcwwt Prioss in th» Cltjl
«^j^^% GUARANTEED.
SM& V TEETH WITHOUT
iH» J«(^ BS3>! PLATES A SPECIALTY.
3§*P JbWJ^ t3& Full Set of Teeth, ex-
illj 2_. V I trading frte..94.GO up
, \*ji Jwff&fL Go!d Crowns, 22k
g2ii\^^Sß**Pji^«N^. Fillings 23c up
|CS3| mm ELECTRO-DENTAL
JS£RmS&iS!j '*£?■ Suite 7. Flood Building,
r: 809 MARKET ST.
Office Him. — a.m. to 10 p.m.; Sun., i to 2 p.m.
HOFFMAN'S CANDIES.
SUPERIOR QUALITY.
Chocolates and Bon Bons 50c pep lb.
Special Price In I^arge Quantity.
Mail Orders Solicited.
THE MARTIN M. HOFFMAN CO.,
1260 Broadway, Oakland. < al.
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS. THE
**y great Mexican remedy; gives health and
strength to sexual organ*. Depot, 323 ilark«C
PEACE WILL
BE DECLARED
THIS WEEK
Expected in Political
Circles of Madrid.
TO GIVE UP THE PHILIPPINES
BUT THE DONS WANT TO GET
ALL THE MONEY POSSIBLE.
Premier Sagasta Now Glad to Get I
Bid of the Trouble and Expense
of Spain's Colonial Pos
sessions.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. "S'JSs, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Nov. s.— Senor Sagasta
said to-day that the commissioners
were not able to agree yesterday.
In political circles it is stated that
peace will be declared the coming week.
An important politician here says in
reference to the question of the Philip
pines that there exists an official note
from Spain to the United States in
which it demands the recognition of her
sovereignty over the islands.
At heart Premier Sagasta is glad to
get rid of the expensei trouble and
drain which the Philippines have con
tinuously been to Spain, and in his
mind the future government of the
country will have been rendered in
finitely more easy when her ever-re
bellious colonies have been disposed of.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
It is no longer a question of Spanish
honor, for the position of the Span
iards is: "How much money will you
give?" This statement was made to
day by a high official of the adminis
tration acquainted with the contents of
a cablegram sent by Mr. Day, chairman
trf the American Commissioners, re
garding the reply he and his colleagues
had received yesterday to their de
mands respecting the Philippines from
Senor Rios and his associates.
According to the State Department's !
information the Spanish reply is forty !
pages in length and the President has j
directed that the entire paper be cabled j
to Washington that he might familiar- |
ize himself with the arguments used
by the Spanish Government in defend
ing its position with respect to far
Enstern Islands. The authorities seem
to be satisfied with the Spanish reply.
As they had expected it was in the na
ture i a refusal of the American de
mands, but showed much to their satis
faction a willingness to argue the ques
tion with a view of obtaining for their
government all th *t the American com
missioners can be forced or cajoled into
giving. I was told to-day that Mr. ;
Day had not notified the department of '
the amount named by the Spanish rep
resentatives as that which thiir gov
ernment would take in exchange for
the Philippines, nor is it believed that j
this amount has been named in the
paper sumbitted yesterday.
BETTER TERMS EXPECTED
AFTER THE ELECTIONS
PARIS, Nov. s.— Referring to the
peace negotiations between Spain and
the United States, the Gaulois to-day
says:
"The memorandum of the Spanish
Commissioners extenJed to forty pages
of closely written matter and included
an objection to the surrender of Man
ila on the plea that it took place forty
eight hours after the signing of the
peace preliminaries. There was also a
reassertion that the continued sov
ereignty of Spain over the Philippines
was evidenced by the fact that this
sovereignty had been referred to by the
French Embassador at Washington on
the eve of the signing of the peace
protocol and was not objected to by
the American diplomats."
Continuing, the Gaulois says: "On
the whole, the attitude of the Ameri
cans has been encouraging to the
Spaniards, and it is likely that an
agreement will be arrived at after the
election In the United States, when the
Republicans will show themselves less
exacting, being relieved of electoral
exigencies. The facts all point to this
conclusion and indicate that the nego
tiations will resolve themselves into a
simple financial discussion. It is
hardly to be supposed that America
will restore the Philippines, as those
Islands represent a substitute for an
indemnity, which America would be
justified in demanding. Moreover, it
must be remembered that the Ameri
cans have certain moral obligations to
discharge in regard to the insurgents.
Having encouraged Aguinaldo in his
operations, they are, to some extent,
| obliged to see that the insurgents are
| definitely released from Spanish dom-
I ination. As to intervention on the part,
of Europe, such a contingency can only
be imagined in case of there being
clear proof that Spain and America
were not alone interested In the mat
ter. It remains to be seen whether in*
other powers, and Japan notably, will
without protest see the new comer in
the Far East install herself in so im
portant an economic and strategic
point."
The Matin says: "The point of the
Spaniards is well taken. The Paris
conference has to confine itself to a
single subject, establishing an agree
ment on the noir.ts of detail summar
ised generally in the Washington pro
tocol. The Spaniards have kept loyally
to th» agreement and have not haggled
In their engagement. The United
States, on the other hand, has Insisted
on submitting propositions altogether
outside the lines of the protocol, no
tably with regard to the Philippines."
SOLDIERS SHAKE HANDS
WITH THE PRESIDENT
; Fourth Ohio Infantry Given a Re
ception at the Executive
Mansion.
WASHINGTON. Nov. The Fourth
I Ohio Infantry, which passed through the
i city to-day en route from Porto Rico to
I ColumbUF. was paid the usual compliment
i of a reception at the White House. Head
' ed by Colonel Colt and staff, dismounted,
nnd their band, the regiment Jlrst passed
i in review, marching in column of fours.
■ With the President stood Secretary Alger
• and a number of regular and volunteer
officers. The large crowd about v the
I White flou.se kept up a constant hand
clapping. After leaving the White House
arms were stacked and the soldiers re
turned. Marching in single flle through
the East Room, the soldiers passed by
the President, who cordially shook hands
with each. At 12:30 the regiment left for
the West.
Death Strikes in Napa.
XAPA. Nov. 3.— Kd 1,. Tallman, a native
of lowa, iigert 42, and n resident of Cali
fornia pfin-e iSfio, diet' co-day after a lin
gering illness. A widow and son survive
him.
Advance* made on furniture sji4 plarxw, with
or without removal. J. Koonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAIN" FRAKCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
FLORAL BEAUTY
IN VAST ARRAY
Chrysanthemum Show
at Santa Cruz.
ECLIPSES FORMER EXHIBITS
GOBGEOUS DISPLAY OF BUDS
AND BLOOMS.
Flowers and Ferns of Every Descrip
tion Arranged in Bare Designs
That Delight the Human
Eye.
Special Dispatch to Th* Call.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. s.— The annual
chrysanthemum exhibit of the Santa
Cruz Floral Society is being held in
the Hotaling building. The rooms pre
sent a gorgeous appearance with their
wealth at floral bloom, which far ex
cels the exhibit of last year. The dis
play windows are bowers of beauty.
Mrs. Kate Cope, with the aid of holly
leaves, the graceful smilax. and the
trailing passion vine, has with artistic
taste decorated one of the windows.
She received the first prize. Standing
on a bed of moss is a floral "Ferris
Wheel" about ten feet in height. With
the aid o£ an electric motor it is kept
constantly in motion. The cars on the
wheel are floral baskets of white chry
santhemums and delicate maidenhair
fern.
Dr. F. W. Bliss was awarded tl*e sec
ond prize for his window. It is original
in its design and the effect of the deco
rations is very striking. A "Dutch
windmill" is situated on a bed of turf.
The mill is of rich golden chrysanthe
mums, hundreds having been used in
its production. The wheel of the mill is
of pure white chrysanthemums. For a
background there is the graceful wood
vardia fern.
In the interior the display is espe
cially beautiful, but the most striking
exhibit is that of Mrs. William Rennie,
who received the first prize for the best
general display. Her table is arranged
artistically and varieties are innumer
able.
Thomas Thompson exhibits a very
choice collection of rare hothouse
plants and fern, which attract one's eye
immediately upon entering the build
ing.
.Dr. F. W. Bliss has a long table, on
which are displayed some very fine be
gonias.
E. Leedham exhibits his specialty, tu
berous begonias. Some of his plants
are wonderful; the llowers are im
mense, beautiful and of all shades and
varieties.
A. Noble of Rosedale has a fine show
of roses and fuchsias from his place at
Soquel.
Dr. J. P. Parker has a very extensive
exhibit of decorative plants, including
the rarest of palms, ferns and hothouse
plants. His table of chrysanthemums
is a sight.
Carl Becker displays a table of fine
decorative plants, as does Mrs. J.
White, who has a table of rare ferns
and gorgeous coleus.
James Lynch arrived to-day from
Menlo Park and acted as judge. He
awarded the prizes as follows:
Best decorated window— First prize,
Mrs. Kate. Cope; second prize. Dr. F. \\".
Blisp.
(.'lass A, chrysanthemum plants, named
varieties— First. Mrs. "William Rennie;
second. Dr. J. P. Parker; third, Mrs. Fred
Kreuger.
Class B, six cut blooms— First, Mrs.
William Rennie; second. Dr. J. P. Par
ker: third. Mrs. Kate Cooper.
Class C. three cut blooms— First, Mrs.
WilUara, Rennie: second Mrs. Kate Coop
er; third. Dr. J. P. Parker.
Class D, general display— First, Mrs.
"William Rennie. .
Class E decorative plants, not less than
twe i V p_First. Dr. J. P. Parker; second,
Mrs. J. White; third, Carl Becker.
OLD SOLDIERS CHEER
FOR HENRY T. GAGE
General Salomon Addresses the Vet
erans at the Yountville
Home,
YOUNTVILLE, Nov. s.— lf any doubt
existed in the minds of those who
thought the efforts of Maguire last
Wednesday would tend to make Dem
ocratic votes among the old soldiers,
they were dispeiled to-night when over
600 veterans and several hundred citl
zens from the immediate vicinity and .
surrounding country assembled to lis- j
ten to the patriotic words of General
Edward S. Salomon. He told how the
party leaders in the past— Lincoln,
Grant, Garfleld and Harrison— had done
so much to make the country progres
sive. His language evoked enthusias
tic cheers. When he spoke of McKin
ley's cool, calm and deliberate admin
istration since he took the office of
President, made a hit with the old sol
diers. He declared that Gage at the
head of the State Government would [
emulate McKinley's wisdom and give i
to the people of California an admin
istration BO clean that the veterans of
the civil war would feel they had given
their votes for a friend whose object it
would be to subserve the best interests
of every man, be he the humblest citi
zen. The general spoke for nearly two
hours, and every word had a convinc
ing influence upon those who listened
to their old comrade. Touching on the
subject of the Supreme Court, General
Salomon paid a high tribute to the
qualities of Judge Van Fleet as lawyer,
jurist and private citizen.
The affair was made enjoyable by
music. Captain Loop, Colonels Walts
and L-on made the arrangements for
tr : meeting as perfect as possible.
STOCKTON FUSIONISTS
SHOUT FOR DE VRIES
Greatest Demonstration of the Cam
paign in Honor of the Con
gressman.
STOCKTON, Nov. 5. — Aroused by the
presence of their fellow townsmen,
Governor Budd and Congressman de
Vries, the Democrats and Populists
made a formidable demonstration to
night in the interest of the candidacy
of the latter gentleman to succeed him
self. It was largely a personal tribute
and the remarkable turn-out and wild
acclaim as they passed through the
throngs was hardly regarded as having
any significance on the political situa
tion further than the Congressional
vote of this county. Their escort was
a procession ten blocks long, which far
eclipsed any similar attempt of this
campaign in numbers, red fire and vo
cal efforts.
At the pavilion Governor Budd acted
as chairman. It was the first time he
appeared here this year. He was well
received and made a characteristic
talk, In which he threw a few bouquets
at himself and bespoke support for
Maguire, De Vries and the remainder
of the Popocratic combination.
De Vries echoed the Maguire railroad
bogie cry, breathed on the corpse of
free silver and gave the tariff no atten
tion. He claimed he had supported
McKinley throughout; In fact his ad
dress seemed chiefly devoted to show
ing how good a Republican and how
bad a Democrat he was.
EQUINE STARS THAT
WON ALL THE COIN
Besults of a Day's Racing at Tracks
in the East and Middle West.
CINCINNATI, Nov. s.— Rose Apple and Deyo
were the only top choices that won at Letonla
to-day. Results:
First race, mile, selling— Amber Olints won.
Rams second, Ray H third. Time, 1:47%.
Second race, six furlongs, handicap, two
year-olds — Pretty Rose won, Holland second,
Donald Bain third. Time, 1:18^4.
Third race, on* and a naif miles, selling—Elu
sive won, Joe Shelby second, JDoncella third.
Time, 2:47.
Fourth race, mile and 70 yards— Performance
won, Sauber second, Great Bend third. Time,
l:50V t .
Fifth race, five furlongs— Rose Apnle won,
Piccola second, Dicer third. Time, 1:05%.
Sixth race, selling, mile — Deyo won, Mariti
Becond, Hampden third. Time, 1:48.
NASHVILLE, Nov. 5. — Raining; track
muddy. Results:
First race, five and a half furlongs— Miss Iff
nah won, John Boone second, Louise N third.
Time. 1:10^.
Second race, five furiongs — Sir Caeslmlr won,
Zacatoso second. Triune third. Time, l:o4>£.
Third race, seven furlongs— Guide Rock won,
Glenalbyn second. The Tarcoon third. Time,
1:33 V
Fourth race, six furlongs, selling— Carlotta C
won, Mamie Callan second, Tllllo W third.
Time, 1:17*.
Fifth race, mile and a quarter— Rockwood
won. Demosthenes second, Chlqulta II third.
Time, 3:15.
Sixth race, six furlonga— MJss Kitty won,
I^auretta D second. Sister Alice third. Time-,
1:13.
CHICAGO, Nov. 6.— Lakeside results. Track
heavy.
First race, seven furlongs— O'Connell won,
Dtinots second, Draw Lad third. Time, 1:32.
Second race, six furlongs — Boney Boy won,
Mr. Johnson second, Frank Bell third. Time,
1:18H-
Third race, seven furlonga— Czarowtta won.
Aunt Mary second. Brother Fred third. Time,
l:33Vi-
Fourth race, mile and a sixteenth— Macy won.
Storm King second. Imp third. Time, 1:52%.
Fifth race, five furlong? — Montgomery won,
Dave Waldo second, Walkenshaw third. Time,
1:62%.
Sixth race,- mile and an pltrhth — Boanerges
won, Moncrelth second. Topmast third. Time.
1:59.
NEW YORK. Nov. 6.— Results at Aqueduct:
First race, five and a half furlongs—Takan
nassee won, Trlllo second, Midllght third. Time,
1:08.
Second race, mile and an eighth— Lady Dis
dain won. Dalgrettl second. Sagacity third.
Time. 1:56 1-5.
Third race, selling, five and a half furlongs-
Ordeal won, Anitra second, Handcuff third.
Timp, l:0S 2-5.
Fourth race, mile and forty yards— Don de
Oro won, Warrrnton second, Charentus third.
Time. 1:44.
Fifth race, five furlongs— Meehanus won.
Veracious second, Specialist third. Time. 1:02.
Sixth race, one mil*— Dan Rico won. Field
Lark second, Bonadea third. Time, 1:41 3-5.
Intercollegiate Football Games.
NEW HAVEN, Conn.. Nov. 6.— Final Bcore:
Yale, 10; Chicago Athletic Club. 0.
BETHLEHEM. Pa., Nov. 6.— Final score:
Lehigh, 2; Layfayette, 0.
CARLISLE, Pa., Nov. 6.— Final score: In
dians, 45; Dickinson College, 0.
WEST POINT. N. V., Nov. 6.— Final ncore:
Prtnceton, 5; West Point, 5.
BIFFALO, Nov. &.— Final ecore: Cornell. 14:
Williams, 0.
CAMBRIDGE. Mass., Nov. s.— Final score:
Harvard, 10; Pennsylvania, 0.
EVAXSTON, 111.. Nov. s— Score of game:
Chicago, 6; Northwestern, 5.
CHICAGO, Nov. s.— Chicago, 17; Purdue, 0.
WEST POINT, N. V., Nov. 6.— Final score:
Princeton, 5: West Point, 5.
BUFFALO, N. V.. Nov. 6.— Final score: Cor
nell, 12; Williams, 0.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL..
B Coward, S Clara I M J Dwyer, Denver
A J O'Connor. S Clara .1 A King, Nev
W J Waggener. Colo M .T Mullen. Chico
J Brown, Pt Reyes J Phillips, S .Toae
A D Ver Valen. Chgo F Morris. Stockton
J Anderson, Mt Eden AI- Barton, Sacto
Q Morris. Alaska Q Stewart, Stockton
C Murray, Seattle |C II Locher. Cal
J E Balcomb. S Diego E A Peterson, Cal
J Sorenson, Portland I A R Millett, Cal
II Kmnke, Fresno I
BALDWIN HOTEL.
A P de Sanno. Phlla H J Corcoran, Stooktoa
F Cook. St Louis !H D Campbell, Cal
F L<-ppert, St Louis j E Stoltert'oht, Cal
J Peach, rit Louis :R I Llnder. Portland
J Dwyer. St Louis jC Frankeruhal. X V
M Belnessel, Paris [B Wetherby&w, Boston
>.I C I 'rice. Paris T L Marvel, N V
Madame Montague, Cal W Cook, Fort Point
Z J Witten. Vlsalla H Wakeman, Ft Point
J Lang, St Louis J T Lynch. Menlo
T Hersey. S Clara IF J Francis. N V
A E Bern' Huston |P M N'orboe. Vlsalia
Slg Harris, Seattle IE L Krlpp, Sacto
W D Davis, Stockton |j P Diggs. Woodland
PALACE HOTEL.
B V Steinman&w.Sao iK S Conway, Chgo
H C Davidson. N T |H Eilers, ("hgo
L H Kohn &w, Chgo C W Sprague&w.Peatle
J G McGle^sner, Ohtro W JacluKm, Newark
W B I'eck &W. X V C F Scott, N V
L C Jvruger & w, Chgo M H Greenbaum. Ky
Mrs H R O'Keefo. S JsjT A Storey. Stanford
]) E Kyland, Denver |Miss P Hamilton, Stnf
H ll<rz", X V L Freund. N V
.Mrs 1' Reeveman. N V J .MiLiachian. Pacadna
j; S Scars & w. Mo J J Boyee, S P.arbara
S Wheeler & w. Peorla Dr R E Pierce. S Jose
J T Stone. Md J B Woolen, Stanford
E Corrlgan & w. Chgo F X Ledyard, S Jose
R G McCraeken, Stnfd P L Schumnn. Chgo
F W Leadbetter. Or E M Hecht. Chgo
H H Carden&w.Mont Miss P Hall. N V
ORAND HOTEL.
F L Martin, Sacto I A Menke & w, Cal
W Laughrey, Sacto A E Osborne & w, Cal
J H Miller. Ohio W E Keuh, S Jose
Mtb C E Smith, Or F Mugrldge. Valhjo
Miss G Johnson, Cal R Klckmett. Oakland
(i VS' Hooper, Mass E G Bwift & W, Cal
V W Hartley, Cal W A Hobaoo, Ventura
E G McDermith. Colo A L Hobson, Ventura
F H Green, S Rafael W A Keith, Fresno
J .1 ivrbett, Reno A L Eisen, Fresno
Miss M Saul, Reno S N Androus, Pomona
A Hamesen, Germany L Clune, Napa
W R Johnson, Stktn I S Dlxon, D C
S Newell. Stockton H J Small. Sacto
R Thompson, Stocktoni Miss B Small, Sacto
B P Taj lor, S Jose i Mrs J W Small, Cal
• W M Lawler. S Rafael! W 8 Crelghton A w.
H B Armstrong, < 'hgo j Sacto
J M Mathews, Boßton ;D Van Voorhls, C*'.
E J Mathews, Boston T A Holmes, Ho' nan
D C Donaldson. L Ang Mlbs H .Teroni', X V
R R Hoge &w, Or iW F Johnson. Wish
E M Hart, Seattle 1/ P Opslng, Ca!
P E Ferguson. Cal 'Mrs L P Opslng. Cal
W H Seamans, Sacto \ Rev C Hitchcock. Cal
F Martin r S V Mrs C Hitchcock, 2 o
O F Wilds. Cal ! & n, Cal
P Barnard, Cal Mrs W E Keith, S Jose
F A Kllburn, Cal
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marcus H. and Alice A. Hecht to Sophia
Frledlander, lot on S line of Pacific street, i:iS
W of Van Xess avenue, \V 37:6 by S 122:6. |10.
Mary A. and Eupene X. Fritz to Robert T.
MrGinnes, lot on 8 line of Frederick street,
18:1% E of Clayton, E 25 by S 106; $10.
Harry A. and Alice Wright to George W.
Wrisht, lot on W line of Hampshire tJersey)
street, 70 N ot Twenty-third, N 20 by TV 100;
$10.
Thomas Wyatt (by E. B. Pond and H. C.
Campbell, trustees) to San Francisco Savings
t'ninn 1443 d 238, lot on W line of Valencia,
street. 160 S of Twenty-third, S 40, W 162:6,
N 40.31. E 157:6, trustees' deed: $7225.
Kate Noonan and Mary lkiche (wife of Pat
rick) to .John O'Kaefe, lot on \V corner of
Eighth and Bryant etreets, NW 50 by S»YV So;
alfci property In Contra Costa County; $4000.
Simon and Lillian E. Davis to I*. L. Roberts,
lots ir»3 to 155. jrlft map 3; $10.
American Surety Company (by .Tamos R. Gar
nlss, manager) to A. Dahlberg, lot 30, block 45.
Sunnyside; $1.
Fillppo Deluchl to Lulgla GotellL undivided
one-sixth of lot 11. block N, Silver Terrace; $50.
J. R. and Mary R. (Tlark (Hayden) to Curia
E. and Annie M: Hayden. undivided one-hnlf of
lot on NE corner of Twenty-second and Worth
streets, N 120 by E 125, lots S and 6, block 4.
Noe Garden Homestead Union; valuable con
sideration and $1.
I^aurel Hill Cemetery Association to George
O. Ormsby, lot on X\V corner of Belle Fountain
avenue and Thorn path, W 12 by N 13, said
cemetery; $16.'.
Alameda County.
Rohort nnrl Martha Johnstone to Nellie A.
Trevoy. lot on W line of Chester street. 483:1%
N of Middle Rtreet (Ninth), N 60, W 89, SW
60:9, E 99 to beginning, Oakland; $10.
i.viz aii'i Rom Q. Uapouzo to Manuel and
Antonio Rapouzo. lot on SW line of East
Twenty-first street, 125 N\V of Twenty-second
avenue. NW it by SW 140. being: lot IS, block
61, San Antnnlo, East Oakland; Rift.
Claire, Galey and Blanche Perriguey to
Clemence Risuad, lot on N line of M^Keo
street 100 X of Calais street, E 50 by N 13. r >,
being lot 22, block J, raracllse Park, Oakland
Annex: $10.
Sun Francisco Savings Union to Peter Wick
lund. the pouth one-half of lot 10 and all of
lot 13, block 11, amended map of Alcatraz Cen
tral Park and Newbury stations, Berkeley. $375.
Anna M. Burton to Roaelle S. Robertson, lot
on NW line of Orange avenue, 214 SW of East
Twenty-sixth street. SW 100 by NW 150, being:
lots 27 and 28, block 2, Blalsdel Tract Map 2,
Brooklyn Township; — .
Rachel Searles to Georgre J. Rice, lota 16 and
17, Searles Tract, Brooklyn Township: SlO.
H. A. St. John to Hannah and Joseph Bret
tell, lot 7. block 28, AVarner Tract, Brooklyn
Township: $150.
Louisa Russell to Peter Jorgensen. lot on S
line of Pacific avenue. 67:6 W of Webster street
(Seventh) . S 54:6 from point of beginning, con
tinuing S along Seventh street 50; thence W 25.
S 15:6, W 26, NT 65:6, E 50, to beginning, block
A, Shephardson property, Alameda; $10.
Philip and Bertha Anapacfaer to A, H. Burns,
the S % of lot 23, block A, Haywards Tract,
Town of Haywards, Eden Township; $10.
Francisco O. and Louisa C. de Mello to Lll
lie Harris, lots l and 2. block G, revised plan
Town of Pleasanton, Murray Township; $1000.
Andrew M. and May L. Boyden to Peter
Thomson, lot on E line of Frankiin street. 116
N of Delger, SE 82.63 NE 34.17, NE 1.9, NW
50.92, SW 36 to beginning. Oakland; $10.
R. S. Kitchener to Christ Jessen, lot 1 and
SW half of lot i, block I. Thermal Hill, former
ly the Howe Tract, Oakland Annex; $10.
J. H. T. and Henrietta Watkinson to Duncan
J. McMullen, lots 24 and 25, block J, Broadway
Terrace, Oakland Township; $10.
Scenic Park Realty Company to T. B. Smith,
lot 15, block 7, .Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Juliet A. Lange to John D. Berry, lot on W
line of Chapel street, 330 N of Bancroft way,
N 50 by W 137:1%, block 5, map of Villa lotß
Joining the University site on the south, Berke
ley; $10.
K. J. McMullen to M. W. Sargent, lot 26,
Searles Tract, Brooklyn Township; $10.
Emma L. Bowne to Max Hoflieh. lota 1 and
2 in subdivision B, Frultvaie Terminal Tract.
Brooklyn Tcwnshlp: $10.
I). A. and E. J. Tvvlggs to Raymond V. Wil
son, let 17. block 17, Daley's Scenic Park,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
M. Kltnnuller to John Fratis, beginning at
RW corner of block 16, Haywards Park Home
stead Union, 11*5 along Locust street, thence
NE 112:6, SE 100 to Bridge street, thence along
Bridge Btreet 112:6 to beginning, being portion
lot 7, block 16, Haywardi? Park Homestead
Union, Eden Township; $50.
F. Matiiieeen to Mary F. Acosta, lot on W
line of Plat B of Ladd Addition to Town of
Livermore, 130 N of XE of Junction avenue, E
150:10, N 50, W 15i :6, S 50:4 to beginning, Town
of Livermore, quitclaim deed. Murray Town
ship; $4.
Builders' Contracts.
George W. Harris (owner) with H. William
son Co. (contractors), architects. Shea & Shea.
Plumbing, sewering, gasnttlng, services, etc.,
for a 3-story and basement frame building on
W line of Larkln street, 30 N of Sacramento, N
S5 by W 73; $1024.
A. and T. Sehablague (owners) with P. A.
Antonellie (contractor), architect, J. Godart.
All alterations and additions to make a 2-Btory
frame building on NE corner of Greenwich
street and Jansen alley, 31:7^ on Greenwich
street and 49:6 on Jansen alley; $2765.
THE COMMERCIAL WORLD,
Continued From Page 30.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
BAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 5, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date as compared with those of same date last
season and rainfall In past twenty-four hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations — Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0 4.26 4.12
Red Bluff 0 1.11 2.73
Bac-rametito 0 0.81 2.13
Sun Francisco 0 1.92 2.04
Fresno 0 1.14 1.19
San Luis Obispo 0 0.68 0.86
lx.s Angeles 0 0.11 2.47
San Diego 0 0.07 1.07
Yuma 0 0.18 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
78; minimum, SS; mean, 68.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
There has been a rapid fall in pressure along
tho Washington and Oregon coast during the
day. The weather has become cloudy and the
winds have shifted to east and southeast. Thla
would indicate the approach of a storm from
the Pacilic of marked energy.
The weather is clear In all districts except
Washington and Oregon.
The temperature is above the normal In all
districts.
As yet it ie too early to forecast the direc
tion of the Ftorm off the Washington coast, but
it in hardly thought that rain will reach Cali
fornia.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight November 6, 1S"J8:
Northern California— Partly cloudy in north
portion, fair in south portion Sunday; proba
bly showers on the extreme northwest coast;
fri»nh southwest wind.
Southern California— Fair Sunday; fresh west
■wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday; warmer.
Utah— Fair; warmer Sunday.
Arizona— Fair Sunday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Partly cloudy
Sunday; fresh southwest wind.
Mount Tamalpais— Clear; wind northeast, 20
miles; temperature, 38; ' maximum tempera
ture. 70. G. H. WILLSOM,
Local Forecast Official.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. s.— The market "was dull
and sluggish throughout the short session but
with an undeniably firm undertone, closing at
best prices with no disposition to take profits
after the two days' rise, such as might com
monly be anticipated at the end of a week
given over largely to professional trading. The
market, in fact, resisted an attempt to reduce
prices after the appearance of the bank state
ment, the attacks centering on local securi
ties. Third Avenue, Metropolitan Street Rail
| way, Consolidated Gas and People's Gas all
| showed the effects of the bear attempt, but the
market generally continued upward to the
close. No effect was produced by the action of
I the Spanish Peace Commissioners in refusing
the American proposition lor the disposition
of the Philippines. The speculative mind was
almost prepared tor a rupture of negotiations.
The reassuring words uttered last night by the
British Premier a.nd the bemi-oincial statement
from Paris served to clear up apprehension of
foreign complications. The various weekly
trade reports were on the whole encouraging
as to the business outlook, and there were
strong statements of railroad earnings from
Oregon Short Line, Oregon Navigation, St.
Louis and San Francisco, Flint and Fere Mar
; queue, Louisville and Nashville and other
• roads. The demand for bonds was very large
and well distributed.
There were heavy Individual blocks of the
Baltimore and Ohio 3',£s when Issued, and
Atchison and Union Pacific 4s.
The bank statement showed a rather un
expectedly large decrease in cash, but the fact
! that credits have been extended $11,612,500 in
the face of a decline of over $5,000,000 In cash
I reserves is convincing evidence of the confi
; dence felt In the money market outlook. Since
' September 1 last loans have expanded $42,405,-
OOu, while cash has increased only $14, 61*1.
As a consequence the surplus reserve is but
I $279,450 higher than It was a month ago. A
I large proportion of the loan expansion, of
' course, represents money lent abroad. The
j recovery In stocks during the latter part of
j the week indicates that the . selling early In
. the week did not extend far outside professional
i limits and for short account. A dull and wait
i ing market is almost sure to invite this class
!of professional operations. There were various
factors tending ' to uncertainty in the specu
lative mind in the earlier part of the week,
I outside of the small group of industrial spe-
I "laities, which were under violent manipula
tion and the dealings in which made up the
t larger proportion of the total transactions on
' the exchange. One of these factors was the
' proverbial disinclination of stock operators to
make fresh commitments on the eve of a gen
eral election. Another was the threatening as
pect of European political affairs. This factor
i was emphasized by the news of Wednesday
I from China reporting the hostile preparations
of the Russian and British fleets and Indicating
the possibility that France and Russia were In
co-operation to press' upon Great Britain a solu
tion of sundry vexed problems of International
relations which would threaten an immediate
] embroilment of all thp powers.
i Apprehension on this score was somewhat
i relieved by the news that the.Fashoda dif
ficulty had been solved by the withdrawal of
I Major Marchand. It also appeared that the
! sharp decline in consols on Wednesday was
partly due to the process known as "borrow
; Ing from the market" by the Bank of England,
I which In reality consists of sales of consols
i from the bank's reserve o' Government se
| curities. The bank Is resorting to this device
to keep the private discount rate up to its own
I rate with a view to shirt the possible de
mand for gold upon continental centers. The
money stringency in Berlin and London Is In
fact a continued factor In tne outlook for the
world's financial markets. Of domestic affairs
there are several *--»tb Inciting to caution
and conservatism notwlths >ndffinß: the unfav
orable outlook. The unsatisfactory condition
of the boot and shoe, leather, cotton and
woolen trade are among these, though ; the
week's business In wool at Boston shows an
encouraging recovery-
Something of a disappointment over Bur
lington's poor September showing was carried
over from last week, but 'was partly , offset by
St. Paul's strong return" for the same period
and for the last week In October. Numerous
other favorable returns from the South and
West aided the late recovery In stocks.
The railroad bond market has shown srreater
activity and strength, many issues selling at
the high record prices. The reorganization Is
sues, especially th* four Per cents, have been
favorites. v United States old fours coupon and
the fives coupon ex-Interest have advanced i;,
and the old fours registered % In the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 111,
shares. Including: Louisville and Nashville,
3059: Northern Pacific. 3140: St Paul. 9325:
Union Pacific preferred. 318$: ■ Tobacco, 24,900;
Bay State Ons,. 5100: Federal Steel, 34,588: do
preferred, 8S40: Suirnr, 18.132. .
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchleon 12*4 Do preferred......' WX
Do preferred....:. 33* i Do 2d prcfrd 2S>>»
Baltimore & Ohio.. 44V« st I, <& S W.. ...... :,'.,
Canada Pacific... S2Vi Do preferred...... 12*;
1 Canada Southern.. F2Mi St Paul.... 109;,
Central Pacific..... 25% Do preferred.... lfip ,
Ches & 0hi0........ 21% St P & Om. SI
j Chi & Alton ......151 Do preferred IHI
Chi B & Q..........116^ St P M & M.......15?
Chi & E 111 ....52 Bo Pacific........... >:,
- Do preferred 10<! ■ So Railway ".;....„ 814
Chi G W. 1"% j Do preferred..... 351,,
Chi Ind & L........ "^ Texas & Pacific... 1314
Do preferred £'.' Union Pacific 32
Chi & N W........W2V1 Do preferred ... 64%
Do preferred ...lifi I 7I 7 PD & G....:... 6% ,
C C C & Rt L...... mi Wabash ............ 7M, '
Do preferred.....: Pfi Do preferred. 19«
Del & . Hu.1b0.1.:... 99 Wheel & L E...... 3
Del L & W 110 Do preferred .T;;."*;iS»i
Den & R 0 \? -i Express Companies-
Do preferred...... sS>4 ' Adams; Ex ...... no /
Erie (new) ;........ & American Etc.... ...139:
Do Ist pr.-frd.... 31'<> United States....... 40
Ft Wayne 174 Wells Fargo.. ......120
Gt Nor prefrl.;... 13* Miscellaneous —
Hocking Vali>y.... 2 A Cot 0i1..........;. 37H
Illinois Central VYi%, I Do preferred ST
Lake Erie & W... 13% Amer Spirits 11%
Do preferred...... 61% Do preferred .S3,
Lake Shore.. i92Vi Amer T0bacc0. .... .1»» ,
Louis <& NashNN.. 57% I Do preferred... ...l2o%
Manhattan L....... 96V Cons Ga5....'... ISS
Met St Railway.... 164% Com Cable C 0.....179. ....179
Mich Central. .107% Col F & 1r0n....... 22%
Minn & St L...... 26% Do preferred 80
Do Ist prefrd..... 90% Gen Electric si «
Mo Pacific.......... 32% Haw Com C 0....... 53
Mobile & Ohio 25 niinois Steel tr5...100
Mo X & T — ...... -18J4 Inter Paper ........ 51%
Do preferred 32 Do preferred. 88
N J Centra 1........ S6Vi Laclede Ga5........ 47%
N T Central. 115 Lead 32%
N V Chi & St L... 12 Do preferred..... .llo**
Do Ist prefrd..... 70 Minn Iron ......135
Do 2d prefrd..... 32!,; Nat Lin 0H........ 5%
Nor West 12 Pacific Mail 33
No Amer C 0....... 6% People's Ga5....... 103%
No Pacific 39% Pullman Pa1ace.. ..134^
Do preferred 73*4 Silver Certificates.. 61% i
Ontario & W 14% Stand R & T....... 7%
Or R & Nay....... 03% Sugar ...... ;..;.. 113*
Or Short Line 28 Do preferred .110
Pac C Ist prefrd.. 79 TC & Iron .... 2SH
Do 2d prefrd..... .'.B US Leather........ 6*4
Plttsburg .174 Do preferred 6.*%
Reading IS US Rubber........ 40%
Do Ist prefrd 35% Do preferred .103
RG W 27 West Uni0n........ 92%
Do preferred...... GO Fed Steel C 0....... 31 4
Rock Island .......102% Do preferred...... 75%
St L & S F 7'i Brooklyn R T Co.. 66%
CLOSING BONDS. '
U S4s reg 105% I Do 4s 91%.
US new 4s reg.... 127% N T Central lsts. 117%
Do coup 127% N J C 5s 114
U S 43 111% North Carolina 6s. 123
Do coup 112% Do 4s 103
Do 2nds 9S^ ! NoPac lsts 116%
US us reg 112% Do 3s 66%
Do 5s coup 112% Do 4s 101
District 3 655..... 118 NYC &St L 45.... 1054
Ala class A 1084 Nor & W 6s 120
Do B 105 Nor Consols 142%
Do C 100 OS Line 6s t r.. 128%
Do currency 101% O S Line 5g t r.. 107
Atchison 4s 964 Pacific 6s of 95.... 1024
Do adj 4s 65% Reading 4s 81%
Can So 2nd5. ...... 109% R O W lsts 89
Chgo Ter 4s 90Vi!St L & I M con 5s 98%
C & Ohio us 115%!5t L & 8 F Gen 6s 121
C H & D 4%5..... 104%. 5t I' Con 159%
D & R G lsts 108 ISt P C & P lsts... 1194
D & R G 4s 97>4j Do 6s. 118*4
East Term lsts... 107% |So RY5> 100%
Frie Gen 4s 70 S Rope & T 65... 82
F W & D lsts tr 7fi% Term new set 35.. 94
Gen Elec 55...... 109 Vi Tex Pac L C lsts 108
GH&S A6s 105 Do res: 2nds 45 j
Do 2nds 104 Union Pac 4s 101%
II & T C 58 111% UPD & Gulf lsts. SO
Do con 6s 110% Wab Ist 6s 111%
Iwa C lsts 105% Do 2nd* 89%
La new con 45.... 106 W Shore 4s 11l
L& N Uni 45.... 92 Va Centuries 79%
Missouri 6s 100 I Do deferred .... 6
M X & T 2nd5.... 64% Wis Cen lsts 60%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 15 Ontario 4 00
Crown Point 10 Ophir 64
Con Cal & Va 1 05 Plymouth 10
Dead wood 45 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry... JO Do prefd 400
Hale & Norcross.. 96 Sierra Nevada .. 75
Homestake 50 00 Standard 175
Iron Silver 65 Union Con 20
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— I Do prefd 574
Call loans .2 (33 Ed El Tel 190
Time loans 24#4iGen Elec prefd... 160
Stocks— Atchlson prefd .. 35*4
AT& S F 124 P.. n<l«—
Amer Sugar 115% i Atchlson 4s 96%
Do prefd 10»% New ling t>* 11> *
Bay State Gas... 2 I Gen Elec 5s .. 1074
Bell Telephone .. 278 Mining Shares-
Boston & Albany. 245 Ailouez Mln Co.. 5%
Boston & Maine. 164 Atlantic 32
Boston L 72% Boston & Mont.. 235
Chi Bur & Q 116 Butte & Boston.. 60%
Fltchburg 104% Calumet & Hecla. 595
Gen Electric 81 Centennial 20%
Mexican Central.. 4"i Franklin 16
NI 4 N Eng 99 Old Dominion ... 31*4
Or Short Line 21 Osceola 88
Rubber 40% Qulncy 125
Union Pacific 32 Tamarack 177
West End 81% | Wolverine 29%
Do prefd 109 Parrott 24
Westlnghouse El. 33% Humboldt ......... 5
ASSOCIATED BANKS" STATEMENT.
NEW YORK, Nov. ;>.— The Financier says:
The statement of the New York clearing houss
banks for the week ending November 5 came
as a distinct surprise, so far as the changes In
the principal are concerned. According to cur
rent Indications the banks have gained from
the interior. They received some gold from
Europe and from San Francisco, and their
treasury disbursements added to their cash.
Yet the statement shows an actual loss of
$o, 190,200 in specie and legals, and as reserve
requirements were lnereaped by the gain of
$7,500,000 in deposits, the reserve in banks suf
fered a loss of over $7,000,000. Loans, on the
other hand, continued their upward tendency
and expanded $11,612,500. What brought about
the unexpected changes may nut be clear, but
how they were caused may be traced through
a study of the figures of the individual banks.
Thus the gain in loans came mostly from in
creases In the totals reported by the National
City, the Hanover National, the National Park
and the Western National banks, the gains of
these institutions aggregating roughly nearly
$10,060,000.
The National City's loans are 15.000,000
greater than for the previous week, and as it
lost $3,000,000 of specie and gained only $2,000,
nr.o in deposits, it? statement about balances.
The ioss in specie by all the banks was nearly
$4,000,000, and adding to the National City's de
crease in this item that of the Hanover Na
tional, amounting to about $1,300,000, the
shrinkage is more than accounted for. In
ordinary transactions increased loans mean en
larged depositories, but in the rase named the
loans seem to have resulted in a loss in cash.
The deposit account also, seems to have been
affected by the changes in a very few banks,
the gains of the National Park, the Western
National and the National City being almost
as large as the total expansion of $7,513,200 re
ported by all the banks. The changes noted
merely indicate, as stated, how the fluctuations
were brought about. Taking the statement as
an average exhibit, it reflects perhaps as much
as anything else the cessation of the factors
so often explained In this analysis which have
brought about the heavy expansion of the past
five or six weeks. As any small decreases in
cash which the banks report can be abundantly
replaced from several sources, the effects on
current rates will be small, even if It is at all
noticable.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram say.": The stock
markets here opened very strong to-day on
Premier Salisbury's speech at the Kitchener
banquet last night, but closed under the best.
The city believes that the first acute stage of
the crisis has passed but Is still prepared for
alarms.
Money rates were easier, but I have reason
to believe that the Bank of Germany mny raise
the rate on Monday. If so, rates here will
stiffen again. Copper shares continue to boom.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 64%; Grand Trunk, 7. Bar
Silver, steady, 2SM»d. Money, 3t?3V; per cent.
Spanish 4s closed at 41'-g.
PARIS, Nov. s.— Spanish 4s closed at 41.25.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. FLOUR— Receipts,
81,307; exports, 7777. Winter patents, $3 So@
3 90; winter straights, $3 50@S 60; Minnesota
I patents, $3 70*04 15: winter extras, $2 75@3 10;
! Minnesota bakers $3 00@3 30; winter low
! grades, $2 2.i<&2 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, 323,525; exports, 23,9"7.
| Spot, easy ; No. 2 red, 74?ic f. o. b. afloat.
Option.', opened weak and declined through
foreign selling; weak Liverpool markets and
! bearish Russian crop estimates and liberal
i spring Wheat, receipts, closed %©lHc lower;
No. 2 red May, 70%@7l l-16c; closed, ,0%.
HOPS— Firm; State, common to choice, 1596
crop, 7<BSc; ISS7 crop, ll©13c; 1898 crop, lS@2oc:
Pacific Coast. 1596 crop, 7@Sc ; 1597 crop, ll<y>
13c; IS9B crop, 18.'cr20o.
WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 17® 23c.
METALS — During the past few days the mar
! ket for Metals has shown steady Improvement.
| To-day's market was a very good, quiet one,
i customary on a Saturday half holiday. The
; Metal Exchange issued no circular. The ; firm
i naming the settling price for leading Western
miners and smelters quoted Lead, $3 50; Cop-
I per. $12 37H: Casting Copper, $11 25.
1 COFFEE — Options closed steady, net un
: changed to 5 points hluher. Sales, 50<&» bags,
Including December, $5 20<tj5 40; January, $5 45;
• March, $5 60. Rio, steady; No. -7 Invoice, 6c;
I No. 7 Jobbing, 6&c; mild - steady; Cordova,
j Sljfloc. miniiiWi nii'ijil »■'■> 'i i ill "i
SUGAR— Raw, firmer; fair refining. 3 13-16 c:
: centrifugal, 96 test, 4 6-16 c; molasses sugar,
j 3 9-16 c: refined, firm; mold A,. sVic; standard
I A. 4%c; confectioners' A, 4?t>c; cut loaf, S^c;
! crushed, s'»c; powdered, 5V»c; granulated, 6c;
cubes, SMiC. •
— Receipts, 2260 * packages; steady;
■ Western creamery, 15@23c; Elgins, 23c.
Receipts, 2700 packages; Western. 22c.
DRIED FRUIT.
I NEW YORK. Nov. s.— California dried fruits
i firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES— 7@Bc;
: prime wire tray, 7V;@7}tc; choice, I% @Bc;
fancy, BV4c.
PRUNES— 5 > ,i@9^C.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, ll@14c; Moorpark. W@ljc.
! PEACHES— Unpoeled. SHO'llc; peeled. 18®20c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. s.— Wheat at the start was
still suffering; from the very bearish Russian
crop reports sent out late yesterday and the
announced : determination of France to retire
from Fashoda. Liverpool was - quoted ,at %d
to Md decline, and London reported cargoes. on
passage 3@3Ud lower, while on the other hand
European securities , showed a corresponding
Improvement in tone. The very heavy ship
ments of . wheat and flour for the week from
Atlantic and Pacific ports were believed to have
had some part In causing: the weakness abroad,
and trailers here were Inclined ; to go carefully
In selling short, ; while holders of puts were
enabled by the opening decline to buy- with
confidence. : New . York wired that foreigners
were moderate sellers of futures there. * and
some foreign selling orders were executed here
also. Shipping houses reported a : very poor
demand from the seaboard or foreign sources,
while a cablegram from Antwerp to a Chicago
house said that Russian holders were reducing
their prices, and Argentine prospects were for
a lanre > croD of wheat. . Atlantic port clear
ances -of wheat and flour ' for the ;■ day were
equal to 304.000 bushels. Nothing encouraging
being forthcoming to the bulls the market be
tlngent. The close for December is }»c lower,
last year, had a steadying influence in oais.
lait^year, ' had a steadying influence in oats.
M L ar^ S eft^ C at l e° 88 W o r f' ££"& next week and
buying, but there were more than enough oner
ings to the rounds, lard lost 2%Soc, and
trifle/ Pork lost 2%c; lard lost 2%@oc, ana
ribs left off "a shade lower. ~ /r>nriw _.
The loading futures ranged as follows.
i Articles- - Open. High. Low. Close.
1 Wheat, No. 2— M £
geee 9^ :::::::::: aw «* '«£ %
May W% 66% 80% 6&»
NSbJr 0 31% 31% 31% 31*
Ma°; mber :::::::::: ■'•» m « S«
s£^™.B a a a
Mess Pork, per bbl— M
December 795 800 795 800
January 905 905 9 02% 906
Lard, per 100 lt>s— .•*'-: - . „
December .:.... 495 495 4 93H 495
January 5 02% 5 02% 4 97% 6 00,
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs— „,
December '•••• . ■■■■ * Sf *■
January .4 65 465 4 62% 460
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
easy; spring special brands, J4 10@4 20: hard
patents, »3 50®3 75; soft patents, $3 n4n 4O 3 n 6O i
straights. $3 1O(&'S 20: bakers'. $2 40@2 »0; No. X
spring Wheat. C4%@65%c: No. 3 spring V> heat,
62»i@85c; No. 2 red. 6?%c; No. 2 Corn. 31%cj
No. 2 Oats, 25<5>25%c; No. 2 white. 27#28c; No.
3 white, 26®27c; No. 2 Rye, 62c; No. 2 Barley
37c to 50c; No. 1 Flaxseed, $1 02; Prime Timothy
Seed. *2 35; Mess Pork, per bbl, $8 00@8 05;
Lard, per 100 Ids. $4 97%@5 02%: Short Rib*
Sides (loose). $5 00@5 20; Dry Salted Shoulder*
(boxed). $4 37%@4 62%; Short Clear Sides
(boxed). »5 00®5 10; Whisky, distillers finished
goods, per gal, $1 25; Sugars, cut loaf, un
changed^ —
Articles— Receipts. Shipment*.
Flour, bbls 16,600 10.60*
Wheat,) bu 194,200 122.800
Corn, bu . 361.700 579.200
Oats, bu...... 298,400 179,500
Rye bu 15. 900 36,400
Barley, bu 100,700 18.000
On the Produce Exchange ta-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 14®21%c;
dairies, 12%@19c. Eggs firm; fresh, 18c. Cheesa
dull; cream, 7%@9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— / Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis i. 476,720 60.040
Duluth 357,564 408.514
Milwaukee 65,000 58.0C0
Chicago 194.200 122.789
Toledo M.427 42.200
fit Louis 109,000 68,000
Detroit 1+.262 31.848
Kansas City 124,000 115,500
Totals 1,394,173 806,919
Tidewater—
Boston ....•••••••••••••••••• 1,000 •■•■»•»
New York 326.525 23.957
Philadelphia 129.663 52.547
Baltimore 96.988 24.000
New Orleans ' U. 160
Galveston *
Totals ■
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening 8 % 6 10*
Closing •>• •
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— Oct. Jan-Apl.
Opening • 47 25 48 10
Closing - .....
Opening ......' 217$ 81 50
Closing • •••••
EASTERN LIVE STOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. S.— CATTLE— The small
supply of cattle to-day was easily disposed of.
at first prices. Choice steers, $5 30@5 75; me
dium, $4 75@4 95; beef steers, |3@4 70; stock
trs and feeders. $2 90® 4 60; bulls. $2 50@4 25;
cows and heifers, $3 30@4 40; calves. $3(g>7;
Western rangers. $2 70@4 40; Western led
steers, $4@5 40; Texas grass steers. $3 20@3 90.
i HOGS — was a good demand for tha
better class of hogs at stronger prices, but
common droves were slow and showed no Im
provement. Fair to choice, $3 55@3 75; pack
ing lots, $3 25@3 60; butchers', $3 25@3 75:
1 mixed, $3 35@3 70; light, $3 25@3 70; pigs, $2 60
I (S3 40.
SHEEP— limited offerings of. sheep on
the market was taken at unchanged prices.
Range sheep, J4@4 25; feeders, W® 3 «0; mut
| tons, J2 2004 40; common to good lambs. $3 50
<g's 50; rangers, $4@5 25; feeding lajnb3, $4 50
Receipts— 500; Hogs, 18,000; Sheep.
500.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. s.— CATTLE— Receipts 600.
Market strong. Native beef steers. $4 40@5 30;
Western steers, $3 60-54 30; cows and heifers,
?3@3 SO; bulls and stags. $2 25@3 75.
. HOGS— Receipts 6400. Market shade higher.
Heavy, $3 45<g3 55; mixed. $3 50@3 52%; light,
$3 52Vsifj3 60; bulk of sales, $3 50@3 55. ■-,;:--
SHEEP— Receipts 4500. Market dull and
weak. Native muttons, $3 75©4 40; Westerns,
$3 60@4 25; lambs, $4 25@5 25.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Nov. s.— CATTLE— Receipts
1000. Market unchanged.
HOGS — Receipts 7500. Market steady to
strong; bulk of sales, $3 45@3 60; heavies, $3 47*4
S3 67%; packers, $3 45@3 66; mixed, $3 40!§3 60;
lights. $3 30@3 55: pigs, $3@3 40.
SHEEP— 1000. Market firm. Lambs,
$3 75@5 25; muttons, $3@4 40.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Nov. s.— Consols, 109 11-16; silver,
2S%d; French rentes, 102f 10c; wheat cargoes
off coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, easier, less active, 3d lower.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. S.— WHEAT— Easy ; wheat
in Paris, dull; flour In Paris, weak.
COTTON— Uplands, 3d.
CLOSING.
i WHEAT— Spot easy; No. 1 Northern spring.
6s 3d. Futures closed quiet; November, nomi
nal; December, 6s %d; March, 5s lOVfed.
CORN— Spot quiet; American mixed, 3s lOVid.
Futures steady; November, 3s 9V&d; December,
3s SVI; March, 3s 6\d.
HOPS— London (Pacific Coast), firm, £5 5a
@£5 15s. :- ■ -
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT.
NEW YORK, Nov. s.— The gold and silver
movement at New York for the week ending
to-day: Exports of gold, $28,022; of silver. $997,
325. ■ " ■ ■
Imports of gold. $991,975; of silver, $95,587.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW YORK. Nov. s.— The imports of dry
goods and general merchandise at New York
for the week ending to-Jay were valued at
$6, 439,733.
CONDITION OF THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the Treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $302, 133,344; goM reserve,
$241,741,763.
LONDON WOOL MARKET.
LONDON. Nov. s.— There were a few inqui
ries for wool during the week, but practically
no trading took place. The arrivals to dat«
for the sixth series of auction sales amount to
66 12S bales, including 13,000 forwarded direct.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Nov. s.— Exchanges, $224,
2 SO; balances, $60,520.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Nov. S.— WHEAT— WaIIa
Walla, quiet, at 60@61c; valley and blue stem,
10064 c.
riPßred: Ship Ningchow, for Japan and
China ports with 23,960 barrels of flour and a
miscellaneous cargo, including 1700 dozen bot
tles Of beer for Manila.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. C— WHEAT— CIub, 60c; blue
stem, 64c. There are forty thousand ton* of
Wheat now In the elevators here and 550 cars
of Wheat in the yards.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November 5.
Ptmr South Portland, Paton.
Bark Mermaid, Robinson, 39 days from Kot
zebue Sound.
Schr Queen, Edwardaen, 14 days from Kla
waclc.
SAILED.
Saturday. November &
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Nanalmo.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka.
Stmr Newburg, Hansen.
Stmr National City, Dettmers.
Stmr Newsboy, Ellefsen.
Stmr Coqullle River, Johnson, Fort Fragg
Stmr Cleone. Miller, Point Arena.
Stmr Leelanaw, Storrs, Seattle.
Stmr Mackinaw. Ltttlefield. Tacoma.
Stmr Point Arena. Hansen. Mendoclno.
Stinr Pel Norte, Jacobsen. Rogue River.
Schr Edward Parke. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Ocean Spray, Nyman. Bowens Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOTOS, Nov 5-10 p. m.-Weather.
hazy; wind, N\V; velocity, 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS. . ■
EUREKA— Arrived Nov s— Stmr North Fork,
hence Nov J. •
rj- POINT REYES— Passed Nov 6-Stmr Pasa
dena, from San Pedro.
PORT i TOWNSEND-Passed up Nov 5-Schr
i^Tnofl* 1 / rom San Pedro, for Tacoma.
ASTORIA— Nov s— Stmr G W Elder.
hence Nov 3. ;•■-•,,.• J: -- ;
Sailed Nor 6— Stmr State of California, for
San Francisco. * .
: SAN DlEGO— Arrived Nov 5— U S stmr Ged
ney. hence Nov 2. :.:.--:
■ ' : : ?»^lfe3.'J^ ov 5-Br BhlpO''W Wolff, for — .
- VENTURA-SaUed Nov B-Schr C T Hill, for
Grays Harbor. -CHAS, HEYER'S
EXPLANATION
EXPLAINS NOT
Another Case of Tax-
Stamp Frauds.
SUPPORTED BY RECORDS
HIS STATEMENT EVADES THE
VITAL POINT.
The Man Who Attempted to Oppose
"Honest John' Talcott Again
Courts Unpleasant
Notoriety.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Not. 5.
Charles W. Heyer^ who is the Demo
cratic candidate opposed to Supervisor
Talcott, has published a card In which he
refers to a story printed a few days
ago regarding his connection with certain
fraudulent transactions in connection
with the United States Government, and
the statutes governing the use of reve
nue stamps. The facts in this case were
not printed until the ill advised friends
of Mr. Heyer so maligned Mr. Talcott,
whom Judge Ellsworth has declared to
b« as honest a Supervisor as anybody
could wish. Mr. Heyer says:
In this story it is asserted that I was at that
time a proprietor ■of the brewery, and that I
was a party to proceedings had. Neither of
these propositions are true. I was not a pro
prietor nor in any way financially Interested in
the institution, and 1 was in no mi cognizant
of the affairs of the concern; neither was I a
party to the proceedings in question.
The affair «as based upon the statements
made by M. B. Clark, a discharged employe,
who was seeking revenge for his discharge,
and who was, at the time he was called as a
witness, serving a sentence in the Alameda
County Jail for some misdemeanor.
This was ten years ago, and at that time I
had no knowledge of the business affairs of
the brewery.
This takes the usual form of a campaign
story and Is based upon the statements of a
man who has been arrested at different times
and who was a revenge seeking, discharged
employe.
Unfortunately for . Mr. Heyer's argu
ment he does not state the facts. One of
the frauds was partly laid bare by M. B.
Clark, but in the case of the "'United
States vs. 32 2-6 barrels of beer, etc,
etc.," being: No. 1305 in the District Court
of the United States for the northern dis
trict of California, no discharged em
ploye appears. The charge says, after
reciting the fact that the brewery, wag
ons, horses and beer were seized, that
Mr. Heyer and his partner were the guilty
parties.
That the property so seized as aforesaid and
hereinbefore mentioned and described in this
information, was at said time and still is
owned by L,. Palmtag and C. W. Heyer and
was in their custody and possession in a cer
tain brewery and brewing premises at Hay
wards, County of Alameda, in the State and
Northern District of California, for the purpose
of being sold without payment of the tax due
thereon, in fraud of internal revenue law, and
contrary . JO the form of the 6tatute of the
United States in such case made and provided.
Whereby and by reason whereof the said
property so seized as aforesaid and hereinbe
fore described, -became and is forfeited to the
Untied States. . _
SECOND COUNT.
And, for that, also, the said L. Palmtag and
C. W. Heyer, owners of the brewery and
brewery premises and other property herein
before in this information described, did then
and there, willfully, knowingly and fraudu
lently and with Intent and design to defraud
the Unfted States on the Ist day of January,"
ISSS. and at diver* other days between the last
eald date and the 23d day of July, IS3I, evade
the ■ payment of the tax on certain fermented
liquors, to. wit: ! On fifteen hundred barrels of
beer the- and there manufactured by the said
L. Palmtag and C. W. Heyer, at and by means
of said brewery and brewery premises and
said property, by removing from the said brew
ery and brewery premises the said fifteen hun
dred barrels containing fermented liquors, that
Is to say, beer, without affixing to the said
barrels the stamps denoting the amount of the
tax required upon the said fermented liquors,
in fraud of the internal revenue law and con
trary to the form of the statute of the United
States In such case made and provided.
Whereby and by reason whereof the said
property so seized as aforesaid and hereinbefore
mentioned and described In this Information,
became and is forfeited to the. United States.
Lastly, the said attorney of the United States
on behalf of the said United States saLth, that
ail and singular the premises are true.
Wherefore, he prays that process in due form
of law may issue against the «aid property
hereinbefore mentioned and described, to . en
force the forfeiture thereof, and requiring no
tice to be given to all persons concerned In In
terest to appear and show cause on the return
day of the said process, why bucq forfeiture
should not be decreed.
CHAS. A, GARTER,
United States Attorney.
Tills case, according to the records on
file, was compromised by Mr. Heyer and
his partner paying: to the United States
Government the neat snm of $1250. This'
suit Is altogether distinct from the one to
which Mr. Heyer refers in his card of
explanation;
WARK ON LAKE
MERRITT BEGUN
DKEDGEB WHJL BE BUILT WITH-
OUT DELAY.
Great Improvements Will Be Com
pleted Before tne Fiscal
Year Closes.
Oakland Office Ban Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Nov. 5.
Work was commenced to-day on the im
provements of Lake Merrltt. Everything
now being settled and the legal aspect of
the Improvements being In perfect shape,
lines are now being run for the bulkheads
and the channel.
The contract hae been awarded by the
Board of Public Works for dredging the
lake and filling in the marsh land deeded
to the city. This land, consisting of
twenty acres, will w.ien filled in be worth
. and the city will own It f<>r the
if the dredging. Not only will the
city gain in this way by having a large
park of "her own at no cost, but it will ;
so increase the value of surrounding 1 prop
erties which have been practically worth
■ r anything but vegetable gardens
h an extent that the additional
taxes raised from it will almost if not j
entirely provide the means for maintain- |
ing the recreation ground.
• week the contractors will begin
the construction of the dredger on the
iak«\ ■■ . • hat by th«
of this fiscal year fJune : • con- !
tract will have bf-en completed. In the ;
nortbeaxt corner of the lake a permanent ;
which !
will connect with t. 1 ;. boulevard built four
g up to V, ralta Heights.
rty has loiik b.-f-n a noisome I
frequently daring the v.
down Fourth a
nave had to suspend operations. The
filling in of this corner of tba lake which
is part of the Impn
for. will materially add to the value of
property
AEGIS' EDITOR EESIGNS.
F. W. lighting: : Objects to Oaklana
. .High. School's Principal Wield
j ing a Blue Pencil.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— A small sensation
has been created over the resignation of
Frank W. Xlghtlngill as editor of the
Oakland High School paper. Aegis, which
Is published end . supported by the stu
dents. Ir. his resignation, published in
i his week's Aegis, Editor Nisrhtingill *dyes
as his reason ihe fact that the ,id of
the faculty has demanded that all ma
terial Intended for the editorial columns
of the paper must be submitted to him or
une of the - heads of depart men before
publication.: " . • . "
Although Nightin^ill does not say. so it
s stated others that this request on ihe
part of the school authority was made be
cause the student editor presumed to pub-
Jeh his opinion about the controversy
over the course of study started by Coun
cilman Cuveilier's recent phiiliplc before
the Board of Education.
The students issue the Aegis under a
j stock compafcy and, though the Btock
and 34 against and 2S for the ac
nce of the editor's resignation,
NightinKJll still refuses to allow the au
thorities that be to wield a blue pencil
over his opinions.
St. Andrew's Officers.
OAKLAND. Nov. 3.— The following offi
cers have been elected by St. Andrew's
Society for the ensuing year: N. W.
Leltch. president; Charles W. Ividd. vice
president: D. Edward Collins, treasurer;
George Montrose Lackie, secretary; Wil
liam Stuart, financial secretary; board
of trustees— X. W. I.eitch, Peter Thom
son, Dr. Edward Collins, James P. Tay
lor. Janit-s Smilic. Hugh Hamilton ; relief
committee— Hugh Hamilton, James P.
Taylor. James Smilie; literary commit
tee—Charles Kidd, Robert Howden,
George M. Laekie; librarian— George
Howden.
Streuber Goes Free.
OAKLAND. Nov. s.— Ludwig A. Streu
ber, convicted a year ago for allowing
his 16-year-old wife, Dora Streuber, to live
In a house of ill repute, for which he was
sentenced to Folsom prison, was this
morning discharged by- Judge Greene on
motion of the District Attorney. Streu
t'Pr was recently granted a new trial by
the Supreme Court; since his first trial,
however, one of the principal witnesses
for the State, John Logan Bell, has been j
examined for insanity, and his testimony
would therefore be of little use. More
over th« woman in o.uestion is now at
Whittier Reform School.
Only Blew Out the Gas.
OAKLAND, Nov. 5.— A stranger giving
the name of John Smith and hailing from
Chicago, was found unconscious in his
room at the Kohler House, Seventh and
ter streets, this morning, while the;
only i;as jet in the room was on full j
force. He was taken to the Receiving >
Hospital, and after several hours' hard
work was out of danger. Smith registered I
at the Kohler House last night, and when j
he retired was sadly the worse for liquor, j
He says he had no intention of commit- j
ing suicide and that he "'only blew out <
the gas."
Blaze at Elmhurst.
OAKLAND, Nov. 6.— A blaze at Elm
hurst at about 3 o'clock this morning de
stroyed two residences on Orchard ave
nue. One of these was owned by Mr.
Stivers of Oakland and the other was the
property of the East Oakland Loan Asso
ciation." The buildings and their contents
were a total loss.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Nov. City Recorder A.
F. St. Sure returned last night from a trip
through the Eastern States. He has been
absent from Alameda about a month. ■
A series of vesper services will be com
menced to-morrow afternoon at the
Unitarian church.
The Imperial Yacht Club gave a clam
bake this evening at Bay Farm, Bridge
port.
Mrs. E. A. yon Schmidt, wife of Pilot
yon Schmidt, is seriously ill ■at her home
in this city.
Braketnan Injured.
ALAMEDA. Nov. s.— Robert Conway, a
brakeman of the South Pacific Coast
Railroad, while attempting to jump on
j a moving train at Park street station,
I this evening, missed his footing and was
thrown to the ground, striking the back
of his head on one of the streetcar tracks.
He was not found- until ten or fifteen
minutes after the train had passed. He
received a deep scalp wound and a slight
concussion of the brain. No one saw the
accident. The injured man was taken to
his home on Chestnut Btret. His condi
tion is- serious. >jSKP33c-Sip§g£Ssi[
■; ' ' ...■•' : '
University Extension Lectures.
BERKELEY, Nov. s.— Dr. L. T. Hengs
tler of the* department of jurisprudence
in the University of California, will de
liver six lectures on international law
for trie university extension course. The
lectures "will be given weekly on Monday
afternoons, beginning next Monday, Xu
vember 7. The class will meet in the
Mark Hopkins Institute of Art, San Fran
cisco, at 4 o'clock. The subjects of the
lectures are announced as follows: "The
United States as a Member of the Fam
ily of Nations— lts Traditional Attitude";
'•The United States as a Member of the
Family of Nations— Recent Indications of
a Change of Attitude"; "The United
States as a Member of the Family of Na
tions—What Should Be Its Future Atti
tude"; "The Principle af Intervention":
"Recent and Proposed Changes in the :
Laws of War"; "internationaJ Domicile
and Citizenship."
OPPOSED TO THE
SIXTH AMENDMENT
ALAMEDA COUNTY TEACHERS
WILL WORK AGAINST IT.
They Believe That While It Was Pro
posed in Good Faith, It Will
Work Injury to the
Schools.
At a meeting of the Alameda County
Teachers' Institute, held some time ago,
a committee was appointed to prepare a
report on the proposed sixth amendment
to the State constitution. The report of
this committee was made the special or
der of business at a subsequent meeting,
and. aft* r being carefully considered by
the institute, It was unanimously adopted.
The committee's report as adopted is
as follows;
The Alameda County Teachers Institute, hiv
ing considered the Sixth amendment to the <x>n
■titutloa of the State of California proposed tcr
adoption this year, has reached the following
conclusion with reference to the said amencl-
ment:
We believe it to have been proposed In the in- '
terest of education, and specially for the «rcod
of those who seek more advanced schooling
than that now offered in schools within their
reach; but we believe also that, If adopted, it
will utterly disappoint the expectations which
It raises, and will at the same time work very
■serious injury to the schools which we s now
have. For these reasons we are earnestly op
posed to its adoption.
Our State constitution at present provl-le3 j
that "the entire revenue derived from the State j
School fund and the State school I tax shall be j
applied exclusively to the support, of primary j
and grammar, schools." The effect of this pro- ;
vision is to throw the burden of support of sec- :
ondary education (1. c. education of the high !
school grade) /entirely upon local taxation. The j
sixth amendment seeks to get around this con- '
dition. and to secure a portion of the State i
school moneys for the support S of ' secondary
schools, it proposes to accomplish this end, I
not by repealing that clause. of the constitu- :
tion which limits the application of State i
moneys to primary and grammar schools, but
by providing that schools bearing the name of
grammar, schools may do the work ' of : high
schools. -
Such an arrangement would. In - our 'Judg
ment, disappoint' the expectations of its ad
vocates; for it would In most cases lead to <
the giving of instruction In high school sub- j
jects by teachers whose time is already fully
occupied by classes In grammar school subjects. I
The instruction of advanced classes under such
unfavorable conditions could not but be un
satlsfacory to the teacher*, to the patrons of I
the schools, and to the pupils. It would offer j
the shadow of secondary education without Its
substance.
The amendment would, If adopted,- work
serious injury to existing schools, In that -• It
would crowd the grammar schools with classes
properly - belonging- to high schools, j thereby
absorbing time i and attention which are due i
to the : r'-cular 'grammar school classes, an.: j
would moreover greatly , Injure the regular
JiikJi schools by brlnj:in< them Into competition
■with schocls which have the false appearance •
of doing hlirh school work at less expense to I
the communities concerned.
■\Ve are in ; heart y accord with th? effort to
make' secondary education accessible to all the
children of the State, as La now the case in I
Massachusetts; but we believe this end can be j
as surely reacaed by more. direct means. To I
call ' high schools grammar schools will give i
us schools which are neither good high schools !
nor good "grammar schools; and will greatly j
retard the . movement toward good schools of !
all trade*. • • _-■.*-■• - : -'' .■•■■■.
Finally, the wording of the proposed amend- I
ment Is so ambiguous that It seems impossible I
to forecast its effects in the matter of taxation j
for educational purposes. We believe it. would :
prove a source of much litigation and we are i
iW'uaded that the resulting uncertainty would
work -great harm to our educational system.';-*'
j* . • ■J.- P. GAP.T.K'K,
JOHN' GAMBLE,
T. O. AAVFOP.D. - -
CHARLES I*. BIEOKNBACH.
. WILLIAM M. GIIDKNWELL,
A. W. SCOTT,* . *
Committee.
-. - :—«: — « ♦ » — . , ' . * v ■
Thrown From His Buggy.
'_" William Laraen. -■'residing at 1038 Filbert
Street, was thrown from his bup-- at the
corner of Howard and East; streets yes- ]
terday afternoon and was severely Injured. i
At the Harbor Receiving Hospital, ; where
he ' v.as taken, he was ■. found to -: have v re
celvetl" a -wound < on • the head,, resulting in j
1 roncussion of the : brain. " Fp to a late
hour he had not regained;; consciousness;
f but the doctor* believe he will recover. ■
! Judge \Vm. G. BurUe. candidate :-. for
'Police Judge,' Is making .a - winning fight; j
Every bod v . «hould vote for him. -tils num
ber i» 73. • 1
THE- SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 189 S.
THE MOUNTAIN
GROANS ALOUD
AS IN ANGUISH
Tamalpais Rumbies
Mysteriously.
STRANGE NOISES ARE HEARD
THE RESIDENTS OF ROSS VAL
LEY MILDLY WONDER.
Theories of the Phenomenon — A
Patriotic Greek at the
Summit and His
Views.
The resident* of Ross Valley and there
abouts are having an experience similar
i to that of the good people of Exmoor, In
! Lorna Doone's time. Every one has read
in this famous novel how the moor used
i to quiver and shake, and give forth omin
i ous noises, fearful grindings and rattlings,
during the middle of the night. And now
j the favored inhabitants of the beautiful
Ross Valley are asking themselves -wheth
er some subterranean monster is not at
work in the bowels of the earth beneath
Tamalpais. Certain It is that this vast
j bulk of metamorphic sandstone has been
I shaking and quivering in the most un
■ seemly way. It is not at all easy to get
at the facts in this case. Vague rumors
of tremors and rumbling noises have been
floating about for weeks, but it is almost
Impossible to crystallize them into tangi
ble shape. One obvious reason for this
is that the property owners in the neigh
borhood absolutely refuse to talk. In
' fact, they have done their utmost to hush
! the thing up. fearing naturally that any
I doubt cast upon the stability of Tamalpais
will lessen the value of their holdings, j
And land is very valuable in this pic- |
turesque garden region, which is blessed ■
with the finest climate and the most fer- i
tile soil, to say nothing of Its scenic at
tractions.
They need not be so fearful. Good old l
Tamalpais is long past the period of vol
canic activity. It has stood for who
knows how many thousand years, until f
the metamorphic sandstone of which it ;
is composed has largely changed its form |
and character through chemical agencies. '
Here and there, it is true, eruptive rock j
is to be found, as at the Sugar .Loaf Hill,
near San Rafael, columnar basalt crops j
oat now and again throughout the vis- ;
trict. But all these indications belong to j
a past geological age. Tamalpais has
BetUed down to its bearings long ago. and i
an earthquake big enough to shift it
would certainly wipe the State of Cali
fornia oft the map of the Union.
All this matter about tremors ana I
noises and so on centers around San An
selmo, and curiously enough the children
seem to know more about the matter :
than their grown-up parents. Perhaps
their little senses are more keen, or, per- j
haps in their innocence they are not
afraid to talk. When I visited the school- j
house the sedate young lady who mdi- .
cates to the youthful mind the path in j
which it should walk he!d her little flock ■
in awe by a mere wave of her ruler. The (
boys wriggled uneasily on their seats and
loo"ked as if they would like to giggle but
dared not. The white-frocked girls,
perched high on their stools, simply open
ed wide their eyes and stared at the in- !
trusive stranger. It was a new kind of
examination, but at the same time it was
an agreeable change from the monotony
of an arithmetic lesson.
'•Now, then, children," said the teacher, i
impressively, "have- any of you heard I
about noi?es in the mountain, shakings
of the earth or anything of the kind?"
The children generally admitted some
knowledge of the thing, but they invari
ably passed the responsibility for a defi
nite statement on to some other child.
Filially it ali narrowed itself down to a
mythical Tommy, who happened at the j
moment to be absent from school.
Lator on in the playground, where the j
little people were more at their ease. 1 i
came across the aforesaid Tommy and j
found that he really existed. After pror.i- j
ising faithfully not to reveal his surname !
he told me that he lived with his mother ;
on the Petaluma road and that for some j
time lately the ground had been c in
stantly shaking. They could fee! it in
the house, and his mother was getting
quite afraid.
Then the other boys, not to be outdone,
ceased their game of football and added
that on the day before they had felt the i
ground shake as they were playing in the '
schoolyard. They thought It was a kind
of an earthquake, but didn't know for
sure.
A bright little lass of 10 evidently con
sidered the girls should have their share
of the talk. "We've heard about it. too,"
she volunteered, "but we don't take any
notice of these stories. It's just the
workmen up there that Fay they feel
tremblings. But. dear mo, I don't think :
much of what they suy; its just talk. J
Still they do talk of a volcano breaking
out up there or something awful like
that. It's enough to scare you, if it'a
So much for the schoolchlldren's end
of the story. There was nothing- very
tangible in it. and I soon found out that
I must go farther afteld if I wished to
get at the real source of the rumor. A
chance conversation with the landlady of
the hotel where I had lunch gave me the
desired clew. It was at the summit
that the noise had been heard in its
greatest intensity. Sho had been there
the day before, and had heard all about
it. Thither I must journey.
Certainly the trip was well worth the
trouble. The summit is the highest point
on the Bolinas road, where the track
takes a sharp dip into the valley beneath,
and discloses to view, with startling sud
denness, the broad panorama of the Pa
oin> Ocean; the Farallones shining white
in the distance, and Bolinas Bay, almost
under our feet, mirroring in Its placid
■water the pine trees of the mountain
ranges. There, in the little inn, with Its
riokety wooden veranda, perched on the
very top of the range, I found Constan-
Const&ntine Is a character well-known
throughout the whole countryside. For
years the regular travelers on the Sau
salito ferry boats swore by his cooking;
his management of the steamers' restau
rant was voted sublime. Even now, de
spite bis age. his hand has lost none of
its cunning, and if you approach him in
a proper spirit, he will dish you up a
salmi de cailles or an omelette au
fromagc with all the skill of a Parisian
Cu-istantine is a Greek and is proud of
the fact. The first thing 1 noticed on en
tering his little dining room was a large
portrait of the late W. E. Gladstone. I
marveled to find such a picture in such I
a place, until Constantlne explained. |
"That man," he .said, '"did more for my
country than any other statesman. We
Ghreek* honor his memory."
In a. simple spirit of patriotic reverence
the old m.in talks about Greece and her
emancipation from Turkish rule, regret
ting all the more bitterly her recent, de
feats. Though he is 75 years of age and
has seen nearly fifty years of rough ana
tumble life in California, Constantino
bustles about his little place with the ac
tivity of a youth. He even finds time to
make occasional hunting excursions
among the ranges. For years he was
gamekeeper for the Tamalpais Sporting
Club, which preserve? most of the coun
try hereabouts. Hence he knows every
peak and gulch throughout the whole of
this rocky neighborhood, and can guide
you with unerring certainty to the fast
nesses where the mountain deer hide or
the quail run underfoot among the scrub.
"It was like this." said Constantine, when
I finally Induced him to tell all he knew,
"lib a bub a boo. a dull throbbing noise,
the ground shaking all tne time. It went
on for two days, Wednesday and Thurs
day of last week. Mr. Waterhouse of
Bolinas, who was here, says to me 'Con
stantine, what's that?' "
""I don't know,' I says. 'Perhaps it's
the stampers working at the copper mill,
perhaps it's the sea.' "
"But where did the noise come from?"
I asked.
"I can't exactly Bay: but it was all
round the hills, and mostly from that
gulch." •"
We looked down Into a precipitous flr
clad ravine, which ran clean away down
into Bolinas Bay. Certainly there was
\
i no sign of eruption there. Anything more
peaceful could hardly be imagined.
Constantine's dishwasher and General
factotum, Louis— there are no female ser
vants on the place — told exactly the same
story, and then I started out to explore
i the ravine. It was a weary scramble on
j a hot afternoon, down through chaparral
and thick undergrowth, startling the
hares and quail at every step. Just below
the Summit House there is an old mine,
a tunnel running deep into the mountain.
I Some twenty years ago a sanguine mdi!
! vidual imagined that he could get gold
from the slender Quartz reefs which crop
up hereabouts. The heap of tailings on
the hillside testifies to his energy: the
abandoned mine, with its rotting timbers,
to his failure.
The noise, however, did not come out
of this tunnel. There was nothing there
which could produce such a sound. Nor
did the examination of the gully give any
better results. Whatever the underground
action may have been it ehowed no indi
cations on the surface. When I reached
j Bolinas Bay I questioned all the ranchers
who live along the shore, but not one
of them had heard the sounds. Evidently
! the noise was confined to the highest
points of the range and traveled over, in
i an easterly direction, toward Ross Val
i ley.
The theory that the rumbling had been
caused by the stampers at Dog Town,
some three miles from the bay, looked
'■ at first sight to be far-fetched. But it
i exploded altogether when I learned that
i the mine had not been working for many
j months, and that it was practically in
a state of collapse. As to the sea, it :s
out of the question that any waves, no
matter how high, could shake the solid
ground in this manner.
There remains therefore no explanation
but that of subterranean activity to ac
count for the phenomenon. An old resi
dent of th« neighborhood. Captain Burns,
states that he heard similar noises thirty
I years ago. And nearly forty years ago,
in 1559, there was an even more marked |
i disturbance at Mount St. Helena. A tri- |
' mendous explosion was heard within the
\ mountain, like the firing of heavy c:ir
! non. All the inhabitants of the locality
f listened to the strange sound, and were
1 scared out of their wits in anticipation
i of a volcanic outbreak. Fortunately noth
! ing serious fonowed, and Mount St. He
i lena towers as placidly to-day as it has
I done for centuries past.
Neither has Mount Tamalpais anything
!to fear from these tiny rumblings. It is
! true that certain evidences of volcanic
i activity are to be found in the neighbor
i hood. On the sea coast, just a few miles
! from Willow Camp, some remarkable sul
': phur springs occur. The springs rise
through the sand into the ocean, and can j
I only be located at low Wde. There, by
I simply scooping a hole in the sand, you
can enjoy a hot sulphur bath, ana after
war.l cool off by a plunge into the sea.
iAt times the fumes arising from these
j springs are so strong that they can be
! smelt for a long distance. But there
is nothing very serious in this. Sulphur
i springs are by no means an uncommon
! phenomenon, and do not necessarily indi
1 cate any volcanic danger.
Some scientists accounted for the Mount
i St. Helena explosion by the supposition
i that a tremendous mass of rock had
: fallen in an underground cavity. Perhap3
! the same thing happened at Tamalpais,
though it is u.mcult to see how the noise
could have continued for two days, un
less great pieces of stone kept on falling !
all the time. Probably some of our sp«- j
ciallsta can give a better explanation.
The sounds may recur any day, or it may
be years before they are heard again.
Anyway, old Constantine has sworn, if he
is still alive, to locate them. As f^oon as
he hears the first rumbling he will mount
his horse and gallop over the ranges un
til he finds exactly where the sound
comes from. We must wait until then
for a solutloaofthemyste^^
THOUSANDS GATHER
IN CHARITY'S NAME
SPANISH-AMERICAN CARNIVAL
WAS A SUCCESS.
: Mechanics' Pavilion Presented a Gala
Appearance and Was Crowded
With Maskers and
Spectators.
Although In the heat of political battle
the people of San Francisco, heeding: the
call of charity, poured through the doors
of Mechanics' Pavilion last night and con
tributed piles of gold that will be used
to relieve the suffering of the boys in
blue now stationed in far oft* lands. In
other words the Spanish-American car
nival -was a success.
The big pavilion out on Larkin street
presented a gala appearance. Early in
the evening the maskers began to assem
ble and spectators by the hundred fol
lowed them. When the first number on
the programme was announced it was es
timnted that 3000 people had passed
through the doors. La Petite Myrtle a
e'Jver youngster, first received the ap
plause of the great crowd. Without delay
the other numbers of the programme were
Pr H e ?ln[and a fan & °!M"l SS nn t yre .Sisters French
fan cation dunce. Kessie Glenwood; Pari
sian toe dance, kurielita; fancy skating,
Joseph Wafdst'eln; fancy bicycle riding,
Trilby (H C. Fowler): la danse Kspanita,
Guazina; burlesque skating, (a) Kenna on
Skate* (b) William Bernstoin-Topsy on
skates'; selection Professor Graeber s
school; American dance. Muriellta
Then came the grand march. Goddesses
of Olympus, warriors in ancient armor,
?«rteni nvniphs, clowns by the score.
frtaksVus and fools followed the wave
of the leader's wand and then at the
turn of the tune mingled in the mazes
of the dance. At midnight the crowd
ad greatly augmented, and pleasure
seekers kept flocking in. It was nearly
flSvifJht ■ when the band folded its music
and followed the last weary dancer from
,;,„ v, a n a large sum, after all the-ex
perses ha%^e been met. "will doubtless re
main to go to the society that has done
™ much for the nation's defenders on the
fields of battle.
GOLF CLUB COMPETITION.
In Playing Off -a Tie Roberts Beat
Pillsbury by One Stroke.
The first competition for the Liverpool
sliver medal, eighteen holes, with handi
cap took place yesterday on the links of
the San Francisco Golf Club. A special
prize was offered, open to the players
making the six best gross scores, com
petitors to make one round, or nine holes,
extra The scores made are given below:
PLAYER.
o
E
. 3
B
o
3
a.
5 ! a !?.
: I" i
■3 ;
i"
J. W. Byrno
J. R. Stanton
Dr. Hlbbetts
William Thomas
H. D. PHlsbury
T. G. Roberts
Charles Pase
S. L. Abbctt Jr
S. Knight
0. E. Won'en
J. D. Grant
48 i 1(
52 M
' 53 1(
; M ii
i 53 If
; 48; - !
I 71 li
7S li
I 10| 103
0: 100
■ 6 .;«s
14, !i6
18 95
6 -97
.0 :»»
15 127.
0 155
■IS .-:.Z
M!
H. D. PiMsbury and T. G. Roberta, with
a net score of 95 each, tied. The players
who made the six highest gross scores
played one round, nine noles, for a. special
prize, and the tie for the medal was de
oided at the same time. The following
in the score for the nine holes extra.
PLAYER.
01
■ . o
* c
I
s- a m H
~ ; i .■■■&■ ri
il l i f
If I|
61 • 51 0 51
61 • S Z S 1 4S
Dr. Hil.betts
William Thomas
J. W. Byrne
J. R, Stanton
H. D. Pillsl.ury
T. G. Roberts
ao return.
No return.
»l 491 71 42
T. G. Roberts accordingly won the spe
cial prize and the medal competition with
a net score of 41 against H. D. Plllsbury's
net score of 42. In playing for the special
prize each player retained his handicap.
In order to preserve the tees and putting
greens from Injury while the grass Is
growing up on them, a ground rule has
been posted In the clubhouse that when
a ball comes to rest upon a tee or green
it must be taken off and put bock.
» ♦ .—;. — ;
Opposition Water Company.
Articles of incorporation of the T'nlon
Water Company, organized for the pur
pose of acquiring water and water rights
in the city and county of Los Angeles and
elsewhere in California and to utilize the
:-amo in lawful manner, were filed yester
day. The capital stock of trie corporation,
all of which has been subscribed. Is
$300,000.
OLYMPICS
MANAGED TO
MAKE A TIE
A Featureless Game
With Stanford.
SCORE STOOD SIX TO SIX
HOBBS AND HILL MADE THE
ONLY POINTS.
Cross Lectured His Men Between the
Halves and They Did Better
Toward the Game's
End.
Olympics 6, Stanford 6.
For the first time this season the Olym
pics scored. More than that, they 41<1
not lose the game. They did not win it,'
but they prevented the opposing eleven
from adding another feather to their cap
of victories and that is something. Hobbs,
the giant guard, with his :220: 220 pounds of
muscle, won the touchdown from the car
dinal by a successful blocking of Mur
phy's punt and following the ball on the
rebound until it reached the goal line,
when he dropped on it and rolled it over
for a touchdown. This was the one
bright feature of an otherwise featureless
game. ■ ; ■'" ■ - ; - .1:J
Stanford did not play its best eleven on
account of injuries to a few of the chosen
athletes, but those who did play did noth
ing to distinguish " themselves - in gridiron
reputation. The "clubmen, augmented in
strength, put up a game that was fairly
good, but which was lacking in judgment
from beginning to end. Code and Morse,
back «f : the line, in a series of passes,
earned ground for the Olympics by clever,
passing on the run, and.Jsheehy, who was
ever in the midst of scrimmages ■ and
down the field on kicks, were the bright
particular stars of the Recreation Park
rootball firmament yesterday. - - ;
What the game lacked was snap and
ginger, but this, was due in great meas
i ure to. the midsummer. weather, a six-inch
coating of dust and the encroachments of
the mob that crowded in on the side- \
lines, making it Impossible for the teams
to play. The police, with their usual atten
tion to unimportant details, neglected to
keep the crowd back, to the great dis- ;
comfiture of the players, the people who ;
must of necessity be on the sidelines and
the spectators in the stands. The guard
ians of the public peace were there in
sufficient numbers, but they preserved a j
most beautiful inaction. :
The game began by Stanford kicking off
to Sheehy on the twenty-yard line, and
he ran the ball in about ten yards before
being downed. Then the ball was ad
vanced for twenty yards until a fumble
on the part of the Olympics gave Stanford
the ball; but the compliment was returned
and: the Olympics once more took pos
session of the pigskin on their own twenty \
yard line, . ,
Three times they tried to force their
way through the Stanford line, which for
the moment seemed imbued with a gum- (
my spirit, and three times .were they re- •
pulsed, surrendering the pigskin to the |
cardinal. Then there was a fumble on the
part of the college men, but it gained
ground. The ball was forced to the.nve
yard line, -when the next: signal gave
Hill an opportunity to score, which he did, (
and the hooting and howling collegians I
on the benches sonorously celebrated the
first touchdown of the day. Stanford's {
five- points were increased to six- by Mur
phy kicking a goal. ■■..--- -■■ ■ j
The rest of the first half was fought i
pretty much in the Stanford territory, {
the clubmen gaining ground with regular- •
ity of procedure that left Stanford life- .
less.- until some spot of danger was j
reached, and : , then the -college men took
a bracer and cut off the advance attack. I
There was no further scoring in this half. •
During the rest between halves Cross:
lectured his men, and- they returned to
the 'field with more or less resolution to .
eliminate the Olympics as a positive quan
tity. They did not succeed very fully, for
in 'this naif the Olympians scored and -
continued to earn more ground than they
were entitled to. It was Stanford s bail :
on their own thirty-yard line when Mur- j
phy was given the spheroid to kick.. With
a jump and a dash Hobbs of the Olym
pics shot through the Stanford center and
blocked the ball Just as it/left Muhphy s
foot The rebound set the ball swirling
over the field toward the goal posts,
and Hobbs and Murphy raced for it. ■< The :
big "un" won the palm and he nestled
the ball in his sweater, rolling over -the
last lime-line to a touchdown, with Mur- ;
phy holding him fast to the dusty grid
Morse kicked a goal, and the score read f
6— €. remaining such throughout the rest i
of the game. were:: Cochran, umpire;
The officials were: Cochrajri, umpire;
Cross, referee. The teams lined up as fol- ,
lows:' ' • |-
Olvmplca. 'Positions. Stanford.- |
Tornitnson ....... R-End--L...Rice. McFadden |
Sheehv R— Tackle— L Rush ;
Wells, Sexton R-Guard-L...... ,: Blanc-hard
Bandy.. ..Center Gllman .
Hobbs ........ ..lr-Guard— R...:.. .'-... James ,
K^k1ne";;:......... I^-Tackle-R Wilson j
McLaine.! I^End-R. . -Parker. Beckley
Code-; ...... Quarter Murphy
MorßeM orB e . . . .V. ....... Right half .Clinton
Wilson..! IWt half..... ...Fisher. Plate
McNevin. Weldon.Full back Hill j
ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
SEITOTOIi
The State Medical Institute Discovers a!
Remarkable Remedy for Lost j
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical- Institute. = Fort - Wayne • Ind. & It
cured -so many, men who had battled or
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute ha! decided ■to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all i men - who suffer with
any form of sexual • weaknc- 1 •'.; resulting
from '; youthful : folly, \ premature tow of-
strength and memory, weak tacK, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cur*
themselves at home. peculiarly; graterul
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of ; warmth and seems to , act direct
to the desired location; -giving strength
and development just where it Is needed
It cures all • the ills and - troubles ■ that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has j Ween | an" absolute I suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State '
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne. Ind.. stating^ that
you desire one of « their - free trial = pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching: that; great cla.-
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and i the free : sample will i en- i
able them to t see ; how easy: it *is to be
cured of sexual .weakness V. when the
proper; remedies " are • employed. The In-
Etltute makes no restrictions. • : Any i roan
who ■ writes will be ' sent * a;j free - sample. .
carefully sealed <in a plain : package ; so
that 5 its i recipient need ; have -no ; fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers : are
requested :to write without delay. -; . v
, - Ra4way'B Beady Relief, for Sprains, Bruises.
Sore Muscles, Cramps. Burns, Sunburns, "Back-
ache," Headache.*- Toothache.-' Rheumatism, 1 - Neu-
. ralgia, Lumbago, Internally ' for -;■ all Bowel
Pains. Colic, Diarrhoea, Dysentery, Cholera
Morbua aod ; Blcicswi, nausea, etc Mi Onig-
•*■*■»■-■- : :. '-•••■■'• :■■■ •;;-■.-• ""■;;- .=V"^;-v-.
ADVFBTISEiffENTS.
I ■> — -v THOUSANDS OF CURES. !
i fc: ik:. \ ; - Evidence of the . wonderful curative ;
I I '/, ' -"• <$& power ; of Dr. - Plerce's famous Electric -
; ■£= ,- : ft * - Tsffl ' Belts and Trusses continues to arrive -
~- ' . j% f's&'&SSslQ from 1 all parts of the country.
1 »i/ \S?% IT GIVES HIM - STRENGTH. s
■**-'.' fl *^ * V. <fl Mr. Ll D. Butt. Proprietor Colony Nursery of -
E; " r \T* -■■'-■ -U/*^^vf"V -; Penryn, Cal., writes to us on July IS, IS9S. 'I 1
; : a*». '■"■ ■•■■-•LNA .^' *^.>fea have one of your No. 2 Chain Belts, which Is _
g— \ s>»^»W%j6^?J . V ' now partly worn out. I cannot get alone with- -
' g|" ■">.-;• /i--i 'Crf^VufiNr : i^v ' cut it.' Have not felt so well in years; do any : .""
am— -< sf'" \\ (■'"'' if '■ ' wC : ' ' amount of hard work and do not • feel worn '•"'; —
= *^^f^^«j>.4 '"Wtf/.il^l^ "it is true that there are other trusses I
*■" " iWv^lfc an<i belts— so-called "Electric"— offered =
St: \\vM\\^CVm^^S^^^^s\\\ for sale in various parts of the country; Z
■*- , \ ""\^^B^B^HBE»\>Ar some very cheap and some very expensive: -
'£" V\\ -X -°'\^^^HB-BHur but - briefly stated, the fact remains r.nw Z
■»— V ■■.■••■■ '" \: YSj^H^^HHr* » a it has during the past twenty years;
fc: *\ >^»» i > N«M^Ki!f if you -want the BEST, you must have -
S^ W V v \ ■ f i^PPffl^ ■■nk PIERCES."
S^ \"' v L I ri?'/ C? Send 2 cents in stamps for our IL- -V-
S- ■\^cVM,, ; LUSTRATED PAMPHLET, or call at >
g— office. Open on Sunday from 2 to 4p. m. -
fc PIERCE ELECTRIC COMPANY, =
£ 620 MARKET^ STREET, Opposite Palace Hotel, S. F. z
Q Visit DR. JORDAN'S Great
tfiga Museum of Inatomy
f|f|ni\ jok «ASSIJ ST. tct £ti i 7ti, S. F. c«i
H"*l' H Tte Lsrf ut of lv kind in tin TTorid.
IMI 1 DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
v»r«^f ■ Conialtstlen fir*. Writs for H»ak ; ■
II I piflsopfe'/,cl Marriage.
A id ' ■-■•*■, -uaileo FDII. '
PROCLAMATION.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
KXECTJTIVE DEPARTMENT, .
SACRAMENTO, July SOth. IS9S.
! , WHEREAS. The Legislature of the State of
California, at Its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January, A. D. 1397,
, two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature : voting
! In favor ' thereof. ' proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the. Constitution of the
; State of California, to- wit: . ; .."
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE. -
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
. --- -* ■ :■ 41.) - - ■ ■:-•  ■■■■ ■
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section
eighteen, of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which it is proposed to amend Bald section to
read as follows : : . v£S**|\|S ( s3tS<UBjfiHBW
: Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
i board of education or school' district shall in-
cur any indebtedness or | liability in any man-
[ ncr or for any purpose exceeding in any year
' the income, and ■ revenue provided for it for
such ! year, - without the assent 'of ; two-thirds
.of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
! election to be ; held ' for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at • the time of Incurring such
Indebtedness, - provision shall be made . for v the
collection ;of an annual tax sufficient to pay
the interest on such -indebtedness as It falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
. on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting - the
! same; provided. - however, .that the City, and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the income. and
revenue of any succeeding. year or years; pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
■ alley, \ court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or. sewers In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section; and in determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply In any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo, In Solano County, may pay. Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
Of Its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
shall be void.
AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment : No.
A resolution proposing to ■ the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated > as section
seven and one-half.! article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by , tha- Inhabitants of
counties of local ; county government .acts- for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section T#. ;."- The inhabitants or any county
may frame a county government act < for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years, qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by : the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty It shall be
within ninety days after such election, to pre-
pare and propose a. county government act for
such county, which shall be signed in dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the . Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county ■ government act
shall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there ba
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and if
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for. its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and If ap-
proved by a majority of the : members elected
to each house, it shall be the county - govern-
ment act of such , county, : and shall in such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing' county government act, f and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
Inconsistent with such ■ county government act.
A copy of such county government act, certi-
fled by the President of the -Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal -of < such county.
setting forth the submission of such county
rovernment act to the electors, and its ratifica-
tion by them.; shall: be made In -duplicate and
deposited, one in the office of the Secretary of
State the other,:; after being 5 recorded In the
office of the Recorder of Deeds in the county,
among the archives of the county. -.
All courts shall take Judicial notice . thereof.
The county government ; act so ratified may > be
■ mended at intervals of . not : less than ■: two
years by proposals therefor, submitted by the
leelslative authority; of the , county, to the
Qualified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cial election held at least : forty days after the
publication of such 1 proposals for twenty days
In a newspaper, of general circulation In such
county and ratified by at least three-fifths of
the qualified electors voting thereon, end ap-
croved by the Legislature as herein provided
for the approval of the county government act.
In submitting any such county government act
•ny alternative article ;or proposition may ;be
Presented for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately. without prejudice to
cl shall be competent 'In all county govern-
ment acts framed under the authority given by
tola section. - to , provide : for the ' manner in
which the times at .which, and the termt, for
■r£ir*'the several township and county officers
other than Judges of th« I Superior Court. • shall
Si elected -or appointed : for their I compensa-
tion- for the number of such officers, for the
consolidation or I segregation of of flees.' for the
number of deputies that eachof fleer shall have
and for the compensation * payable to each, of
■tVrh derutl»s. for the - manner , In which, the
t£n«i in which, and ttie • terms for which the
Ambers of all boards ■of election ■ ? shall ' be
Reeled or "appointed and for the ; constitution.'
reflation, compensation and government -. of
such boards, and of ; their ; clerk, and attaches:
slso ' - to prescribe • the , manner and method by
which all elections by the people shall be con-
ducted Tand -may ;in addition determine:; the
teVts and- conditions upon , which electors, po-
I'tlcol parties and .organizations may partJci-
nate in any primary election.
- whenever any < county ■ has. , in the manner
and method i herein -■ pointed i out. , adopted - nnv
bounty government i- act. . and i the «am« shall
nave b£n approved by the Legislature
■ fore-aid^ the < direction of i sections * four, and
five of this article providing for the uniformity
n> - «v«tem of county : governments throughout
Shi State, and likewise providing for the elec-
tion and appointment of officers, and the regu-
lation of their compensation, shall not i apply,
oal'd county government act shall . as to any of
ihe matters herelnabove^ provided for and - de-
clared by ; such county ; government act. not be
Subject to ; a ny law ■or amendment^ enacted^ by
th" legislature, except by . amendment - first
submitted to . the , electors and, ratified * in . the
manner .; herelnabove set s forth. :
AMENDMENT NUMBER ] THREE. : . :.
(Being Senate : Constitutional Amendment : No.
A resolution proposing to - the ' people ■of - the
K»»t* of California fin amendment 'to: the Con-
•titutl-tf. of ti.e State, by adding a : new section.
to be known and designated as section five and
one-half, article six. thereby, providing for the
organization of ;a * court, to ,be known as ; the
Court of Claim*. The said proposed rsew , sec-
tion to read as follows: r 2'l. "■"-.'- '.•■-*C- ■<-■'■
■ Section > sii. v The : Court of Claims shall con-
Bist Of any three .Turtle* of the Superior Court."
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
court at the regular I terms thereof. The ; Court
of Claim* ( shall have . exclusive ? Jurisdiction *to
hear and i determine i all ; claims of ; every ; kind
and character i against • the - State, under ) such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
its Judgment thereon shall be final.'-;; The .terms
of the i Court; of Claims shall be held as fol-
lows:
• •In the i City ;of . Los < Angeles, commencing :on
the second ; Monday; of ; March :;■-". .:":.. • ■■'-.".•
r '. In :- the • City ' and Cotraty .-' of <■ Ban v Francisco,
commencing ion I the •: second .• Monday In . July,
and. -'-'^. ■■■■ :.-■■:■ -;-- ; :- ~~~,crr;,-':. .-'■•?'£■: ■-'::.' ■" r :: -■
i X* th» City .of BaeniiBeatQ. ; coßHsenetxx ; a
i-'^efS&i&ZzJZtn m - B '3 6 is a non-poisonoa»
> JB«^ M ''^hi3 reniotij- for Gonorrhoea.
iHyCtIiEMRj Gleet, SpermatorrhoeZ.
(fWftjf '" Ito 5 <i»Ts.'l3 « hites, unnatural Jig-
SmCM Gc^raDt(- ; d 3 charges, or »ny inilamrna-
InfitjN cot to stricture. „ tion. irritation or ulcrra-
. |» eoattfioa. : tiou o( suconi uiem-
K^*THEEvAN3CHEV!r.u fio. brane «-
tesaciKCSNWTI.O F^-^3 Sol<l b * nrus-rius,
vBI^. c S. a. tfen or sont in plain wrapr^r,
J^a»^' ' by usprwi, prepaid, fo(
*<£*i£M I %BZ^3Ki?' l til 5i.0.1, <>r a bottles, 52.75.
<t «£i3?gs4i^V P Circular »»nt oa reiiueaS,
Th»^ M^ n ,l aT or November of each year.
re^tl^f * holding cuch term of court shall 1 =
ah«n !L."? "l ra . compensation therefor, but ',
out J*?u tv * the)r actual expenpea. to be paid
i Th. < &*? 0 Jf en * Pa L fund of the State treasury. ■
The LeslsJature ,:hall enact all lav, necessary
i <■%?,£ »n» n K Z9 E . uch court - ro provide • the , pro-
this section. a nd *° C ' r °' Ut lhe P rovlsloa » ;
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
. , No. 37.) .
Stated? rl'fi? to P^PO. S6 to the people of th»
«ti«,n«- Ca'i'ornla an amendment to the Con-
hv Jaa? ot the State - amendins article eleven.
aa 'i^H^f * n t w *?? c t'°n thereto, to be known
ccn-^ii. 1 } n . , five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. Th«
said proposed new section to read as follows:
«n,i «l n ?^u. The Provisions of sections four
f",f'' of this article shall not. nor shall any.
legislation passed : pursuant thereto, apply to
any consolidated city and county government.
i now existing or hereafter formed, which shall -
nave become, or shall become, organized under
»f^*, Oa <- s^? n ' ori!ecur * charter under section
eight of this article. '
; •■•"'■ -}:. AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE. .
(Being Assembly' Constitutional Am°ndment
- " -; No. 36.) . ;-;;;
Kf,tJ es s a MS?. to Propose to -the people of th»
fctate of California an amendment of section
r>«V^M* a sect ' on sixteen of article five of th«
£?,"£. 111I 11 . 0 of ■ the > state of California, by
which It to proposed -to amend said sections to
read as follows: ■
Section 15 a Lieutenant Governor shall pr-
elected at the same tim« and place and in ths
same manner as th- Governor, and his term of
o^nce and v his qualifications shall be the same.
Ec shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein,
Section in case of the impeachment ■of
H^k?i?7 " or i ,or his removal from o£nc». death.
Inability to discharge the powers and duties oi
q! 9 ♦ ♦£** rM| snatlon or absence from ■ th»
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
de yo lTe upon the Lieutenant Governor for tha
residue of the.term, or until the disability sha-,1
cease. And Should the Lieutenant Governor ba
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become In-
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un.
I the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election . whea
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. _ In case of a vacancy In tha
office of Governor for any of the reasons abova
named, and neither . the Lieutenant - Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senata
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall ba
filled at such general election. - "■■. <
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly -Constitutional Amendment
. -■"' . - ' ""■ -.'•-; No. 38.) .■■-,.-
A resolution to propose to the people of th»
State of California ■an amendment to section
six, article nine of the Constitution of the Stats
of California. /relating ■to grammar schools by."
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows: ; ..
" Section 6. The public school system shall In-,
elude primary and grammar schools, and' racM
high schools, evening schcols, normal schools
and technical schools as may be established by
the Legislature or by • municipal or district '
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the St"te school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the' support- o£
primary • and grammar - schools. - . Grammar
schools shall include " schools organized In %
school district, or union; of -school- districts*-
having more than one thousand inhabitants, it* I
which a course of study shall be taught which) '
will prepare pupils to enter the asTiculturaL-
mining or scientific department of the Un'vejp-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT , NUMBER SEVEN. . ; $
(Being Assembly Constitutional , Amendment
■ No. : 34.) :
A resolution to propose to the people "of th« '
State ,of California an . amendment : to section " :
two of article four of the Constitution, In rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by .which it
is proposed :to ' amend said i section to read ; aa
follows: :■,-■••■■*■,,.■ . ~ •'-.:•-.. . :-. :: . . ■ ..
Section 2. The ' sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian oa
the first -Monday, after the first day of January
next succeeding the election of its - members.'
and shall be biennial unless- the Governor shall
in the interim convene th* Legislature by proc-
lamation. The s Legislature shall then remain
in : session ; for twenty-five . day*, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less -than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agre*
upon a time at which they will resume their
session, - the Governor - shall.- by proclamation. l
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall ba
within the limits 'above prescribed. Upon : re-
assembling the Legislature shall -.-' complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members
for a longer period than seventy.flv(»,"l*y«, »i»4
no bill shall -be introduced in e/tr.-f Imun* ex-
cept at the first twenty-fH« days of the session."
without . the •: consent .' of : three-fourths -of the)
members thereof. '■ ■
' NOW. : THEREFORE. ■ Pursuant to the provi-
sions ?of the Constitution, and an act of • th»
Legislature of the State of California, entitle*
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed '■ amendments ; to the , Constitution of • tha
State of California, to the qualified electors foe
their approval." approved March 7. A. D. 1883. '
the : above-described ; proposed amendments , ar» X
hereby published - and advertised -• to be vote! -
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of tha -.
State, at ; the election . to b« held throughout
this State on " ■ '-. v > -
TUESDAY, NOVEMBER^.; A. D.-MSS.
: The said proposed amendments are to be sep«^
arately- voted upon In manner and form as fol-
lows: ' ■':. .-.' '--:-; :-.*;■. ' •;•-•■ \-_;--.~:.
: Each -ballot used nt '. such: election . must con-
tain written or printed thereon the following "
words,- whereupon the voter \ may : express . tia ;
choice as ' provided by law: ' . ' '-'''■*■'■. • I ;
Amendment Number One, being Senate ' •
- Constitutional r- Amendment >• No. *41 -;';": ; : '
(exempting certain claims against the ... .:
City and County of San Francisco, and '
the existing 'indebtedness, of the City '. 'Teg-
of Vallejo for the construction! of its' ::" ■■■>.-
.7 water works: from the/ provisions of -'• ■ Na
the Constitution requiring such claims ». "■ -
to be paid from the income and reve- \'V-*c -
nues of the year ;In which they, were -"";
.; Incurred). > - "'.- •'■'.: '''-£•'..■■•- .-.» ' .■ ,~-
For the Amendment?. '■''».
Amendment Number Two." being Senate ' ■
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Yet S*
■ (providing for.-. framing local county - "~ . . . i
government :' arts by Inhabitants of ■ Na -
counties for their government).- <-> i:-,: v-
\ For; the; Amendment? ■: •-.■;'•:- ■ '
Amendment Number Three, being. Sen- ,
:'•■ ate - Constitutional -'■' Amendment • No.
"j" j 44 i (providing ■ for - the creation o? a ■" ' '
Court •of ■ Claims to . determine ; claims t>~- Ta* • '
against ; the • State, v and 'to : consist of' - *. . . -':
. three > Superior Judges designated by 'Y^Nai-
i"; the : Governor >■ to serve ; without extra
..compensation). ■;,":.•/:•• •--?-.•; : .^'i' "-»- C ■■:'-' '■
: For the Amendment? ; . -.^ *'; • •->■ f »L'?s -• i '
Amendment ? Number ' Four, being As- ' :
semWy .>•, Constitutional ;^- Amendment -
No. \S? i (exempting . consolidated -cities -^ Tea iS
and counties. organised or. to be or- -*•"■' * . ',*
'' ganged, ;or & holding - a .. charter. - on- t^T- N» "A
. der the Constitution, from certain leg- I
islation in relation to counties).
For the Amendment? : .;.." ': ;.' "
Amendment : Number •' Five, '-■ being As- f t-4 i■*
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. -38 {relating to office of Governor, Tea '■
"\ providing for succession- thereto in .'■'■"■' .. *
.' certain ■ eases ' and removing disability- Na
'of -Lieutenant Governor from ■ holding
-: other office ' during . term).
•': For, the Amendment?. • . . :
Amendment Number : Six. : being Assem- **
= bly • Constitutional Amendment No." 33 -' ■- Tea '
(relating ' ;' to -;. and ■ defining - Grammar- ;i » . } ) .
yi Schools). .■- - - •'"•.■ vNa !.-.;■-
H For the Amendment? .. -" \ ....•■■
Amendment Number -Seven, being As- f
■• sembly •« Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Tea
Legislature  for not .'less,-, than -thirty- <—— >j,7:
• nor, more than sixty. d&ya uurlcs each :'z.h Kof.r
Fession). ■ i : : "■' . - -.'" , '-<Wi&mM
N For. the Amendment? .' , ,"'/■ >«'\.l  V .
' * Witnei>» my" : hand and , Uje Great Seal <or ; On "
State ?of i California,' the t day and : year : herein - '«
first aJ^)ve written. _- _ :'^-SS»8I^B
/ . JAMBS H. BUDD, ? Governor. ;
Attest: L. U. 6ROWW, StcreUJTT fiX StaU*.
'-- BHU •::■'■■- '" : '-■ 'r.< ■■:"' ; -: '" r~ k -
1516
"HE'S UP AGAINST THE REAL THING NOW."
A WHALER
HE WOULD
A-WOOING GO
Jerry Casey Loved a
Dusky Maid,
DESERTED HIS SHIP AT GUAM
ACCIDENT TO A. M. SIMPSON,
THE LUMBER MERCHANT.
Frank Horan Dies in the Harbor
Hospital From Lockjaw Caused
by a Neglected Rusty
Nail Wound.
Three- more whalers got In from the
Arctic yesterday. The bark California
brought in 1650 barrels of oil, the steam
whaler Jeanette 2200 pounds of bone and
ADVERTISEMENTS.
WIFE'S
AWFULLCZEMA
Torture was so Intense Husband
Thought She Could Not
Live Twelve Hours.
Doctors Within Reach Could Not
Even Relieve. No Sleep
For Seven Days.
Tried CUTICURA REMEDIES.
Asleep after First Application.
Cured Well and Hearty.
I desire to inform you what CtrncrrKA (oint-
ment) and Cvtictjea Soap have done for my
wife. She was in themosthorribleconditfon
of any human being, from that most torturing
of skin diseases, Eczema. She could neither
ait down or lie down, her torture was so in-
tense. I tried all the doctors that I could
reach, but she got so that I firmly believe
that she would have died within twelve hours
If I had not been advised of Cutictjra Rem-
edies and got them. A travelling man on
seeing her condition told me what to get,
and you may believe that I lost no time in
getting them. Greatly to my surprise, my
Wife went to sleep in two hours after the first
application, although she had not slept for
seven days, nor I myself either. I followed up
the treatment, and two boxes of Outicura
(ointment) and one cake of Cuticura Soap did
the work completely, she was absolutely cured,
and ia well and hearty to-day. If this state-
ment will do you or anybody else aoy good,
use it. It is straight facts, and I can back up
all I have said by fifty witneases. I can't thank
Ccticuka Remedies enough, for I thought
one time that I should have to bury my wife,
and I was never so happy and glad, as when
I saw that deadly, fiery red begin to leave.
Feb. 20, 1898. C. D. BONE, Clarkesville, O.
CmcCß a Remidixr appeal to those who hare > v ffered
long sod hopelessly from torturing, disfiguring humors,
with loss of hair, and who have lost faith Id doctors,
medicines, end all things human. tvery hope, erery
expectation awakened by them, has been more than ful-
filled. Their success has excited the wondersnd approval
of physleians familiar with the marvellous cures daily
effected by them.
Bold throughout the world, Pottib Dbuo axb Chxjc.
Coxr., Sole Props., Boston.
aW "Bairto Cut (ha Vf ant Ecsema," mattat frao,
the William Baylies 1700 pounds of bone
and 250 barrels of oil.
The California had a hard time of it
in the Okhotsk Sea on Washington's
birthday. She was caught In a storm
and her jibboom and foretopgallant mast
were carried away. She also lost several
sails and damaged her rudder head. She
made for Guam and while there Jerry
Casey, the blacksmith, deserted. He fell
in love with the belle of the village, and
nothing could induce him to return to the
ship. Captain Montgomery secured a na
tive to take his place and set sail. Be
fore the bark got under way Casey came
alongside In a boat and begged to be
taken aboard. He said the Spanish had
set him to roadmaking and the work did
not agree with him. Captain Montgom
ery would not listen to his appeals, so
Casey had to go back to his village beauty
and roadmaking. He was afterward tak
en off by one of the other whalers.
A. M. Simpson, the well-known ship
owner and lumber merchant, was neariy
killed on the front yesterday. While
driving down Lombard street the king
bolt of his buggy broke and he was
thrown out on his head. The aged cap
italist was carried Into the office of the
Bibb Lumber Company and later was re
moved to his home. It will be several
days before he will be able to be out
again.
The steamer Elihu Thomson ran Into
section 1 of the seawall yesterday and
carried away four fender piles besides
damaging the underpinning of the wharf
and cracking one of her own plates. The
brig Harriet G was in the way, and the
captain of the Thomson had erther to
run into her or Into the wharf. He chose
the latter alternative.
The stern wheel steamer P. M. Smith
very nearly blew up last Thursday night
while on her way from Alviso to San
Francisco. The pump failed to work, and
the fireman, just in time, noticed that the
water in the boiler was almost exhausted
and drew the fires. Another ten minutes
and the Smith would have blown up. It
took nearly an hour to fill the boiler and
get enough steam to reach the city.
Frank Horan, a laborer, died in the
Harbor Receiving Hospital yesterday
and was removed to the Morgue. A little
over a week ago Horan went into the
hospital with a foot much inflamed from
a rusty nail having run into it. Dr.
Fitzgibbon washed and dressed the
wound, warning Horan that If it was not
kept clean and attended to it might cause
his death. Friday night Horan was picked
up on the corner of Kearny and Wash
ington streets in a fit. He was taken to
the Harbor Receiving Hospital and Dr.
Fitzgibbon again attended to him. The
foot was In a fearful condition from
neglect, and Horan was suffering from
lockjaw. Everything possible was done
for him, but he died.
The committee on seamanship and
navigation of the Chamber of Commerce
yesterday Issued to Hans A. Hanson,
John Anderson and Christian Anderaon
certificates as master mariners.
The Mutoscope.
"Wonders never cease" Is a saying old aa
It is apt. One of the newest "wonders" as
suredly is the "Mutoscope," meaning "chang
ing- vie-wa;" now for the first time exhibited in
San Francisco, and to be seen only at Baclga
lupi's Mutoscope Parlors, under the Baldwin
Hotel, Market street.
The Mutoscope is virtually the Biograph
dirr.inutlzed to the sl-ee of a cabinet photo
graph, and Is "worked" by the familiar
r "nlckel-in-the-sli>t" mechanism. It presents
to the eye photographic views of objects in
motion in manner so lifelike as to border on
the marvelous. Every "reel" contains about
one thousand views. It portrays scenes from
plays, animals In action, athletic games and
sports, conflagrations, the falls of Niagara,
moving chips. war scenes, naval engage
ments. All are produced with perfect fidelity
to nature.
Twenty machines, all different and amusing
views, are now at Baclgalupi's, and the par
lors are crowded day and night with sight
seers. *
SHOT HIMSELF IN THE HEAD.
Illness Causes John Hogan to At
tempt Suicide.
John Hogan, who until a few months
ago was employed in the corporation,
yards on Sacramento street, attempted to
commit suicide yesterday afternoon In his
room In the LJndell House, Sixth and
Howard streets, by shooting: himself in
the head.
He was taken to the Receiving Hospital
in the ambulance, where Dr. Hartley !
found that the bullet had entered near |
the right ear and lodged at the root of
the tongue. It could not be extracted,
but there will be no serious results.
Hogan has been a sufferer from asthma
and has been unable to do any work for
the past six months. He became despond
ent and thoug-ht the best thing for him
to do was to quit this earthly sphere.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
r without removal. J. Noonan, 1M.7-1023 Mlaeioa.
THE SAIST FBAKCTSCO CALL, STJKPAY, NOVEMBER 6,- 1898 c
SEVEN YEARS
AND A HALF
FOR WIDBER
Sentence Passed by
Judge Cook.
STAY OF TEN DAYS GRANTED
METHODS OF "HEFTER" PHELAN
TOUCHED UPON.
The Failure to Count tue Money in
the City Treasury the Probabld
Cause of the Convict's
Downfall.
Augrustus C. Wldber, who, through sys
tematic thieving, reduced the funds in the
City Treasury to the extent of $118,000,
stood before Judge Cook yesterday with
bowed head while sentence was passed.
Seven years and a half in San Quentin
was the sentence imposed by the court,
and then "Wldber looked up, a surprised
expression on his face, his lips twitching
with nervousness and mental pain. He
had expected a shorter sentence, aa his
counsel had made an able plea In his be
half for mercy.
Judge Cook, after reviewing the case at
length, the evidence, the prisoner's con
fession and plea for a n<»w trial, touched
upon the methods of Phelan, tho
"hefter."
"I rind," he said, "that the commission
did not count the money in the treasury,
as the law provided it should, at all dur
ing the month of January. This failure
may be considered the starting point of
the criminal thoughts that gained mas
tery of this youthful mind and resulted
in this sad culmination. Notwithstand
ing the fact that the prisoner at bar is
guilty, if ho had admitted his guilt I
would have been inclined to extreme
clemency, but as he has persisted in his
efforts to defeat justice the sentence
passed is none too severe."
Attorney Pelxotto then asked that a
stay of ten days be granted and this was
ordered by the court. In the meantime
a bill of exceptions will be prepared in
behalf of the defendant and the case
carried to the Supreme Court.
WASHINGTON DODGE
CHALLENGES ASSESSOR
JOHN D. SIEBE
Mr. John D. Siebe— Dear Sir: You
have disputed the correctness of my
figures used before the public to prove
that you have not assessed the prop
erty of the corporations and banks as
heavily as you have the other tax
payers. The officers of the InJependent
Municipal League have offered to ar
range a meeting for us, and I now chal
lenge you to meet me in debate before
this organization, and I will demon
strate to you that my figures and con
clusions are correct. Yours truly,
WASHINGTON* DODGE.
Built a Fire Under Him.
. Michael Purcell has sued R. • Dunsmuir's
Sons ; Company ;to > recover 55000 ' damages
for personal Injuries. Ci'zZ Plaintiff alleges
that .on i December 9, • 1897; ' vhe *\ was , em
pioyed by the - defendant -. corporation ' ; to
repair : the smokestack of - the :r steamer
Wellington. While inside the smokestack
making t the i repairs ;, the . engineer of s the
steamer started a fire in the furnaces.;' In
consequence ■; he was forced to t and did
Inhale large quantities of - the gas < jmd_
Bmok© generated by the fire, which seri
ously injured his health. Hence the suit-
J. G. Edwards.
No elective office is to the owner of
property of more paramount import
ance than that of the Board of Equali
zation. Especially to the citizens of
this city is this fact true since from
the foundation of our present system
of State government has the respective
interior districts been arrayed against
San Franci-xo in their effort to foist
upon our properly owners their undue
proportion of State taxation. Inas
much as this city has but one repre
sentative, as opposed to three from the
interior of the State, the vital neces
sity of a strong representative from
this, the First District of California, is
at once apparent. The office requires
a man of nerve and backbone, one who
can exercise tact and diplomacy in
standing between the two opposing ele
ments and secure harmonious action of
the entire board. A man of peculiar
fitness for this position has been se
lected by the Republican party in J. G.
Edwards, a veteran of the civil war and
for nearly thirty years a resident of
this city. Mr. Edwards was born in
Indiana and was reared on a farm. At
the age of se"\enteen he enlisted in the
Union army and served until the close
of the war as a member of Wilder's
celebrated scouts, an important factor
in the Army of the Cumberland under
General Sherman. After the war he
entered the insurance business in Ten
nessee and in 1871 came to this coast,
where he established and now publishes
the Coast .Review, t»-day the most
prominent insurance journal of the Pa
cific slope. While always active in the
interests of the Republican party Mr.
Edwards has never before sought a
political office. In consequence he is
bound by no personal political interests
in the exercise of his official duties and
can be relied upon to act with resolu
tion and integrity in all matters that
affect the public welfare.
SUICIDE BY POISON.
Frederick H. Thompson, a retired wheat
broker, born in England, and residing at
207 Steiner street, died at noon yesterday
from the effects of poison taken by him
a week ago last Thursday with suicidal
intent. He leaves an aged widow.
At the time of taking the poison he
left a note for the Coroner stating what
he had done and that he had been im
pelled to commit the rash deed because
circumstances were against him. An in
quest will be held.
Exhibition of Fast Typewriting on
the Smith Premier.
At the Heald's Business College, and
before an audience of nearly 400 stu
dents, Mr. William E. Little gave a
wonderfully fine exhibition of how
easy it is to operate the new No. 2
Smith Premier Typewriter without
looking at the keyboard. Mr. Little's
record of repetition sentences is 180
correct words a minute. Even at this
great speed the machine responded
readily. The running of the machine
was almost noiseless.
Mr. Little was loudly applauded and
offered ' a few suggestions on how to
obtain speed by the new touch method.
The No. 2 Smith Premier Typewriter
was used for the exhibition.
The Hearst Libel Case.
The case of TV. R. Hparst, proprietor of
the Examiner, charged with libel by
Claus Spreckels, waa called in Judga Mo
fan's court yesterday morning and was
y consent continued till next Thursday,
when both sides expect to be able to go
"A Doll's .House" To-Night.
Owing to a big demand for repetition
the management of the Baldwin Theater
announces that Ibsen's "A Doll's House"
will be given again to-night, instead of
"An Enemy to the King," as first billed.
Blanche Bates will again appear as Nora.
It will be the farewell performance by the
Frawleys in this city.
» ♦ «
Ladles' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, sloaks.
,_ credit. M. Rothschild, 211 Butter cU r, 6 and 7..
TOOK HER RING,
BUT FAILED TO
CALL HER WIFE
Arrest of a Tennessee
Sergeant.
MISS FETTER HIS ACCUSER
HAS HER LOVER ARRESTED AND
THEN RELENTS.
She Appeals to Police Judge Lo-w and
Secures His Release — The
Woman's State
ment.
Jessup Tandy, a sergeant in the Tennes
see regiment, was arrested last night on
a warrant from the Police Court charg
ing him with petty larceny. He is accused
of stealing a gold ring from a woman
named Nellie Fetter.
Shortly after the Tennessee regiment
reached this city Miss Fetter, who is a
prepossessing blonde, met the gay ser
geant and fell in love with him.
To show her appreciation for him she
gave him a plain gold ring, it being un
derstood that they were to be married in
the near future.
Learning that the Tennessee regiment
was to depart for Manila Friday Miss
Fetter hunted up Sergeant Tandy and
asked him if he intended to marry her.
He replied that he wouid make her his
wife as soon as he returned from Manila.
Thinking he intended to desert her the
woman visited police headquarters and
swore out a warrant for his arrest charg
ing him with stealing her ring. He was
arrested at the Presidio and locked up in
the City Prison.
A short time after he was Imprisoned
Miss Fetter visited the office of the Chief
of Police and begged that her lover be
released.
"I did not intend to have him remain
in Jail," she tearfully remarked. "If he
will only marry me I am willing to for
give him."
On being told that the Police Depart
ment was powerless to release him, inas
much as he had been arrested on a war
rant, Miss Fetter declared that she
would find one of the Police Judges and
Induce him to release her lover. After
searching about the city for some time
she finally found Judge Low, who, after
listening to her story, gave her an order
for the release of her soldier lover. Going
to the City Prison, the woman presented
the order to Sergeant Brov.-n. •
Tandy was called from !iis cell and, see
ing the woman who had caused his ar
rest, he asked what she meant by having
him thrown in prison.
"I want to know if you intend to marry
me," she indignantly remorked. "You
know you have deceived me."
Tandy promised to make her his wife
as soon as he was liberated.
"You will not go back on your word?"
she inquired, as she grasped the extended
hand of her lover.
"You will marry me to-night OT there
will be trouble."
Tandy promised to do "what was
right" and the couple left the prison.
Last night they were hunting for
County Clerk Curry, intending to get a
marriage license, but failed to find him.
The woman was determined to compel
the gay sergeant to make her his wife
and threatened to force him to accom
pany her to the marriage license office
this morning so that they could be mar
ried before the troopship that is to carry
the Tennessee regiment to Manila sailed.
It is Miss Fetter's intention to accompany
her prospective husband to Manila.
He 3>eserves Re-election.
All who are familiar with the career of
Judge James M. See. well, both as lawyer
and jurist, are of one mind regarding his
candidacy. His re-election is deserved,
so they say, and if the voters see fit to
return him to a seat on the Superior
bench it will be a just tribute to his fear
less and able administration of that
office.
Judge Seawell comes of sound, vigorous
stock. His father was a Virginian, who
graduated from West Point in 1?125. He
served in the Florida Indian war of 1839
45, for which he was brevetted major by
Congress. He also served in the Mexican
war. and was nearly always on frontier
duty when not in the field. He was colo
nel of the Sixth Infantry during the
Civil War, and in 1562, at the age of 60
years, was retired for disability result
ing from exposure In the line of duty.
As his father's career was one of dis
tinguished ability as a soldier, so has
Judge Seawell's been one of ability both
as lawyer and jurist. For several years
prior to 1*72 the Judge was the law part
ner of Hon. J. McM. Shafter. While en
gaged at the bar Judpre Seawell was in
terested in many important cases, among
which was the Black will case. He was
counsel for the successful contestant.
The case attracted much attention. •
Don't forget German Mother's Syrup cures
your child's cough. Retter try it. 25c.
An Elegant Present.
Joseph A. Harrington, a figure painter
of considerable local repute, has Just
finished a life-size painting in oil repre
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Portiers make ar home cheerful and cozy.
Now is your opportunity to brighten : the home :
for the holidays. ;
Monday we place ¥on sale a. quantity of
portiers, with artistic figures, 1 beautiful color-
ings,; large variety of patterns; three and three
and one-quarter yards long; £o inches wide;
with a reversible top throw and knotted fringe
from 8 to 12 inches long.
These portiers are suitable for doors, hall-
ways or couch covers; actually worth $4, $5
and $6, but will be sold beginning Monday for
jLi % iIJ \J a pair
Now on display in our windows.
125 to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _^___^— -
LADES' AND GENTS'
li A 111 nui M IMIJ '•- ITrJ W ill
lit i 111 I JL j Jy "lll'l XJ v^ J-J^ i" JL:^<
MIMCHIEFS.
We have just placed on sale an elegant assortment of
LADIES' AND CENTS' HANDKERCHIEFS, and as they are oar
own direct V importation, we are enabled to offer them at
exceedingly low prices.
LADIES' EMBROIDERED AND HEMSTITCHED LINEN HAND-
KERCHIEFS
20c, 25c, 30c, 35c, 50c, up to $3.50 Each.
.- ■■■ .;-. '■■•■■■ ■•:•-.*-■.■*■:■■-..■ ■:..-. ■ ■_ i - -. .- v .':-■;.*■; . : .-;-•."-..--'■-• ,'■::■■. - .■ ■ , v
LADIES' PLAIN HEMSTITCHED LINEN HANDKERCHIEFS
(Sheer Linen),
15c, 25c, 35c, 50c and 75c Each.
LADIES' PLAIN LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS (Hem-
stitched),. ■
10c, 121 c, 15c, 20c, 25c, up to 50c Each.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED LINEN CAMBRIC HANDKERCHIEFS,
in X, ]4 % 1 and 1% inch hem,
15c, 20c, 25c, 35c, up to 75c Each.
GENTS' WHITE SILK HANDKERCHIEFS (Hemstitched),
$3, $4, $6, up to $12 Dozen.
GENTS' HEMSTITCHED BLACK SILK REEFERS,
$1.25, $1.50, $2 and $2.50 Each.
SPECIAL....
'250 dozen LADIES' HEMSTITCHED AND EMBROIDERED
HANDKERCHIEFS (Pure Linen),
15 C EACH.
NOTE ...._- , ■
See our display of SATIN AND GROS-GRAIN RIB- -
BONS in large show window.
w^^^_^ * _i»i_ i£^^^^r
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET. -V
senting the "Sacred Heart of Mary" for
the Sacred Heart Church in this city. The
painting was ordered by a wealthy lady
member of the congregation and preseat
ed by her to the church. It is intended
as a companion piece to the "Sacred
Heart of Jesus" by the same artist
painted for the same church. Both pic
tures are very much admired, being
painted in Mr. Harrington's best style.
Lawyers Recommend Him.
The following speaks for itself:
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1, 1898.
We, the undersigned attorneys at law,
having had legal business with the
present Public Administrator, A. C.
Freese, cordially recommend him as
faithful, prompt and highly efficient in
the discharge of his official duties.
John Garber, W. S. Gc dfellow. W.
W. Foote, Jesse W. Ldlienthal, Garret
McEnerney, Robert Y. Hayne, Bishop
& Wheeler, H. C. Campbell. William
Loewy, Adams & Adams, R^lnstein &
Eisner J. M. Rothchild, J. J. Lermen
and 120 others.
Heinrichs at the Orpheum.
The Helnrichs will give a song recital
in the Orpheum on Tuesday afternoon at
regular Orpheum prices. Smoking will
be prohibited, and the programme will
comprise the most popular pieces in the
repertory of these interesting artists.
liloyd Spencer Promoted.
Lloyd Spencer, formerly messenger In
the office of the Surveyor of the Port and
now a member of the United States Vol
unteers in Manila, has written a letter
to Surveyor Spear announcing his pro
motion to the position of clerk and type
writer in the office of the captain of the
Port Glass of the Charleston.
Judge William G. Burke.
Ex-Court Commissioner William O.
Burke, nominee of the Democratic and
Non-Partisan parties for the office of
Police Judge, should be elected. His legal
and judicial training: peculiarly qualify
him for a position on the bench. His edu
cation as a lawyer was not received in
the lower courts. His practice has been
almost exclusively in the Superior courts.
His connections have always been with
reputable law firms. For years he has
been connected with the office of Sullivan
& Sullivan. For eight consecutive terms
he was elected by the Superior Judges
Commissioner of the Superior Court re
ceiving the vottes of Judges Wallace
Coffey, Hebbard. Hunt and others of like
character. As Commissioner his judicial
functions were performed intelligently
honorably and to the satisfaction of the
bench, bar and litigants. It is about time
to elevate the tone of the Police Court
by electing Judges to preside therein who
have the character and qualifications of
Judge Burke.
All electors, regardless of party affilia
tions, should vote for him. His votinsr
number 13 73. •
Hale & Norcross Decision.
The remittitur In the case of Fox against
the Hale & Norcross Mining Company and
others came down to the Superior Court
yesterday, and Judge Hehbard ordered
the decision given in the Superior Court
altered in conformity with the decision of
the Supreme Court as given in the re
mittitur.
C ■■ ADVERTISEM.ENTS. :
888888888288888888828888888888888881
*J CASH OB LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB. ' s
88 Plltfi OP 1 a
JfM •% 88
I JJII Oj 1
ss tsms 83
« SPECIAL THIS WEEK. «
>S OAK ROCKER, QEJ^ »
8? CANE : SEAT... Out a
88 ' JUST THE THING FOR THE SEWING 88
85 ■'- .':.- : : ' i : .-' room. .".;..;■ . , "..-... 28
88 "WE V HAVE j. ABOUT 3 DOZEN OF gg
a* ■ THESE ROCKERS LEFT. .ONLY ONE c. .
!. •TO A PERSON. ,-; NO : MORE AT ' THIS * 5
53 PRICE AFTER THESE ARE SOLD. : 88
% ■ "— : ; . "'■ 88
83 J. ; NOON AN, c
83 Complete 1 House-Furnisher, 88
88 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST., 88
83 ;;", Above Sixth. • 28
SS ',-.; 'Phone ; South ; Itr^ Open Evenin 2»
82 82 82 82 88,88 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82 82
-•^S> •■■'". .■for?
■Mt-\ FINE TAILORING
/S®P& ' PERFECT FIT/ BEST 0? ; r
nc - workmanship; at;
m^^ s *!^ 25 per cent Less than Other
*i FINE TAILORING
PERFECT FIT, BEST Of
WORKMANSHIP, at
' 25 per cent '.ess than Other
Tailors oharge, Go to
JOE POHEIM
I If W- v Ail Wool Suits to &\ ♦) in &QC
Order from 4>l£ t0 4>03
/ II Pants from '•"■-• • $4 to $1 0
"; :^?V :^^^ •■ 201 and 203 Montgomery St.,
k: '■■■- 1 /., 844 and 846 Market St.. " : -i^ f-fi".\
M l O and 1 112 Mark* SI, San Franclio*THE CALL SUNDAY EDITION
THE PRIEST AND THE POLITICIAN.
"The layman has no rights of citizenship which should be denied the priest" —
FATHER YOEKK
"I think politics are in the hands of the people, out of the hands of the priests." —
MAYOR PHELAN
Mr. Phelan's office In the Phelan building Is guarded without and
within. The elevator man was sure Mr. Phelan had Just gone out.
The clerk in his reception office was not sure that he would ever
return. I suggested that he might come back to an appointment
with me and the clerk admitted me without a blush into the Hon
orable presence.
"This is very nice and hospitable of you," I said, entering mod
estly. "Is this your studio?"
"What?" said the Mayor.
I waved around at the canvases on the walls, the brasses,
bronzes, marbles, portieres, pedestals, deep-hearted divans, eumptu
ous chairs, the carpets of the Orient, the screens of Japan, the carved
woods of Venice, the objets dart of everywhere.
"You ought to have on a velvet Jacket and a beret," said I, "and
offer to make me some tea."
"A beret!" said the Mayor, laughing. "Another hat?"
"I never objected to your hatsl It was your campaign coat I
didn't care for. You do not wear it mornings, do you?"
And indeed the Mayor looked very tidy in another cut of coat
entirely and a swell dark tie pinned with the modest pearl and his
neat hair neatly brushed and hlB neat beard neatly trimmed and
his whole small Belf_poliEhed and groomed with that obvious careful
care which is one of the characteristics of his person. But he looked
very weary — troubled, uncertain, a trifle less confident than of the
recent yore — a trifle lese cock sure of being Mayor for the next twin
over the head of Mr. Patton, the tongue and teeth of Father Yorke,
the hide, hoofs, trunk and tail of the Grand Old Party.
"I hope you will," I said suddenly.
"Will what?"
"Oh! Be the next Mayor."
"Thanks!" he answered emlllng. "I telleve our politics are the
same."
"Why, yes," I replied, smiling back, "we only write for different
papers."
"I beg your pardon?"
"Certainly. Yes, I hope you will be elected.**
"That's very good of you, I'm sure. Because I'm a Democrat?"
"Yes. No, because you have a taste in art. So few Mayors have,
you know. There have been only you and Mr. Sutro "
"Ah?" interrupted the Mayor coldly.
" and you really care for it, don't you? The improvement of
the city, I mean." -
"That reminds me, I must write to Douglas Tllden about that
fountain!"
Tha Mayor reached out his hand and scribbled a memorandum
across the top of a pamphlet lying on his desk. I read the title of
the pamphlet — "Father Yorke to James D. Phelan." Beside It lay
another — "Father Yorke to James G. Maguire."
"Of course, the duties of a Mayor are not entirely architectural,**
I went on thoughtfully, "but It Is very nice when he can combine
say— architecture and honesty. I really think you are honest, too."
"Do you?" replied the Mayor. "So do I."
"I Intend to say so when I write this Interview."
"Ha! ha!" said the Mayor. "You won't be allowed to, you know."
"No, I don't know at all."
"What! For The Call?"
"Certainly. You don't appreciate The Call, perhaps.**
"Perhaps not," said the Mayor, looking pensively at his hat.
"But don't you think that feeling is mutual?"
"How about this feeling?" I leaned over and touched the pamph
let with the title "Father Yorke to* James D. Phelan" and the memo
randum about writing to Douglas Tilden across the top.
"Oho!" said the Mayor, foxily. "So that is it— is It?"
"What else would It be at this hour? Is the town talking about
;>ny thing else?"
"Well, I am not talking on that Bubject," said the Mayor, shutting
his lips together.
"Positively not?"
"Positively not."
"Oh, very well."
"Father Yorke has chosen to accuse me of dishonesty and a few
other little crimes against my office and against the people who
put me in office. I have nothing to say In reply. Absolutely nothing."
"Oh, very well."
"Of course he claims that It is because I support the nomination
of Clinton, Lackmann and Dodge. In this Sailors' Home matter he
< i.-iims. that they voted against the policy of the Institution, which
was noa-sectarian. I have nothing to say on the subject, nothing."
"You will not discuss It at all?"
"I will not."
"Not with any paper?"
"Not even with any person. Why should I? Why Bhould I be
drawn into a controversy which Involves no principle? Father Torko
has risen and made these accusations. He claims that he can prove
them. Very well! I do not intend to enter into any personal argu
ment with Father Torke as to whether or not I am worthy an
honor which already has been mine. My official record answers all
Kh questions. The people may decide for themselves on that point,
ill not say one word about the matter."
"You do not think it is a personal matter with Father Torke?"
"Personal, how? You mean a grudge of any sort? Not that I
The Mayor passed his hand a little wearily across his eyes.
"I count his attack in as a part of the campaign. It is a long:,
hard fight, you know "
t"I think it is beginning to tell on you," I said, looking him over
cally.
'I should think it might by this time," said the Mayor, fretfully,
is not only the speeches, it is the whole thing; the vituperation,
the mud slinging, the abuse, the newspaper abuse — you will excuse
me for speaking so frankly?"
"Oh, certainly, with all my heart. It Isn't as if my paper had
been doing it all."
"I really haven't the time for It, either," said the Mayor. "1 am
neglecting other Interests— business interests." He looked thought
fully at a bust of the late Phelan, his father — "large business in
terests," he resumed, slow.ly. "I have the welfare of the city very
much at heart. I have tried, as you say, to improve Its outward
appearance as well as to assist in purifying its methods of govern
ment. I have fought the large corporations on principle. I stand
with the people against the corporations."
XI remember to have heard you say that In several of your
:hes," I remarked.
Yes," replied the Mayor. "Doubtless. Of course, I have not
had a sympathetic board to work with me. In this matter of im
proving the city I have had to flg-ht, If not against the board at least
without Its co-operation. There is our present Supervisor of
Streets — an excellent man, but afraid, j r ou know, actually afraid! I
want to go on with that work. There are those headless lamp posts —
those horrors, those blots on the fair face of the city. I want those
removed and I want to get all these unsightly wires down — way
down underground, where they belong, out of the sight of man. I
will have a hard tussle with the companies to whom they belong
over that. They don't want to put their wires underground. Why?
KDsts money! There you' are again — the greed of the corporation!
corporations are against the people and I am against
corporations. I think I have shown that In the last two years.
I think the people know that I have." N
'You certainly have many friends," I said.
The Mayor's weary face lightened and brightened with that
sincere pleasure in being liked and admired and respected and ap
proved of and applauded and cheered for and brass-banded through
the town which none who have seen him mount the political plat
form can deny him or could disapprove. For why, say I, struggle
I public honors unless the bay smells sweet? Whosoever says to
he loves it not and then fights, bleeds, dies or does worse to wear it
tho good of hi 3 country and the benefit of his fellow man, I say
him go tell the tale to those credulous marines, who are trust
y disposed to believe everything they hear. The Mayor's
le was good to see because it was sincere and smiled, so to speak,
.Torn the soul, and it crept up to his eyes and warmed them and
routed on his broad brow like a halo long after It had left his lips.
He was saying to me —
"Yes. I believe I have— not only 'shouth Market," where, I be
iieve, you heard me speak, but wherever I speak, and especially
among the householders, the smaller householders in the little resi
dence districts about the city. I believe they feel confidence In my
Integrity and the sincerity of my purpose to protect their Interests
«,grainst the corporations, a confidence that nothing" — the Mayor ab
iently tapped the pamphlet under his fingers— "nothing," ha re
BY ALICE RIX.
peated, will shake. I sometimes think," he went on slowly, "thai
It was folly to have gone Into this second term campaign fight, bir
of course once I took it up I Intended to see the end of It."
"Naturally. And how do you feel about the end of it now?"
"How do you mean that?"
"Do you feel confident of winning it out now?"
"As much now as at any time. Why not?"
"Father Torke."
The Mayor shifted a little in his chair. "I think Father Yorke
haa nothing to do with it."
think his opinion will not Influence the Catholic vote?"
"I am not afraid of any man's influence," answered the Mayor—
whether truthfully or not I cannot say, beyond that I have ever
found the Mayor truthful since he was a little boy.
"AL! but the influence of a priest is not the influence of any man!"
'I do not wish to discuss the subject," said the Mayor, irritably.
"Forgive me."
"You can say," said the Mayor, "that you sought this inter
view "
"No, thanks. I don't make a point of humility, you know."
"Yea, but I didn't invite you to Interview me."
"No. Still you seemed pleased to see me."
"Certainly! Certainly I was," replied the Mayor. "Delighted
Put it any way you like! Only say that I would net talk."
"Heaven! I can't make an interesting story out of that. I'!
have to describe your personal appearance and your furniture am'
all this other little subsidiary conversation of oura. I must hav<
something about you — you are so Interesting just now."
"Thanks," said the Mayor, "anything you like! Only not about
Father Yorke. Remember I refused to discuss the matter. I sah.
distinctly that it was a controversy which involved no principle."
"Tell me," I said. "Leave Father Yorke out of the question anr l
take the thing in the abstract. Do you think the priest has a highei
• right to lead the people to the polls— as elsewhere — than th« privatt
cltizen?"
"Not as a criticism on Father Yorke, but as a general principle?"
"As the personal opinion of a practical politician?'.'.;* *
"I think that politics are in the hands of the peo- *'
pie and out of the hands of the priests." ~S
"And that the people will vote themselves f
away?"
"Father Yorke himself says they will."
"Tell me," I said again. "Father Yorke Is a
good priest?"
"I," said the Mayor, "am a good Catholic."
A tall, fair man, In the dress of the priest,
rose from the editor's chair In the Monitor
office and measured my coming with a
broad, full, limpid, blue gaze.
"I am Father Yorke."
Now may the devil fly away with the
preconceived idea, and the foregone con
clusion go after them both!
I have read Father Yorke's contin
uous argument intermittently, illus
trating it with mind pictures of this/
nineteenth century crusader, this ■
scribbling soldier priest, this man
alternately fed and eaten by an
idea, this greatest space writer of
the century.
I sketched him boldly
gaunt form, and a fiery eye,
lean Jaw and a sallow cheek, a bu~~ w nouth and a blue-black chin, a
man fierce yet cold, a priest passionate yet holy.
"I am Father Yorke."
And he looks like a fine, overlarge, manly, promising boy baby—
with a pink and white prettiness of skin a maid might sigh for,
eyes of that pure, unshadowed, innocent blue that seldom leaves the
nursery, a fair and youthful nose, a sweet, sensitive, humorous
mouth, a smooth, white throat and a white, smooth hand with dimpled
fingers. The chin tells the story. It is strong, combative, pratised
and secure. And when a chin tells as much as that there is more
behind it.
"Do you come," asked the priest, "in a spirit of hostility?" And
I saw the challenge written on the chin.
"No," I answered truthfully, "I come in the spirit of curiosity."
"Ah?" he said easily. "Ah, and what were you curious about?"
"You, Father."
Father Yorke showed his strong, regular teeth. "About me!" he
said softly. "Did you think I was something out of the ordinary?"
"I think so still." •
"Because I speak what I believe to be the truth?"
"Because you speak what you believe to be the truth about
political candidates on the eve of election and are not afraid of
consequences."
"Afraid? Do you deny the priest eTJtirage as well as political
opinions?"
"Ah, Father! You must admit it was unprecedented."
"Not at all! There has not been one year in the history of the
American Government when priest or bishop has not gone on record
for plain speaking."
"In political affairs?"
"In governmental affairs. We do not preach politics from the
pulpit any more than we discuss politics at a gentleman's dinner
table — and for much the same reason. We have all denominations of
politicians in the church — Republican, Democrat, Non-Partisan, So
cialist and, although I hope not, perhaps a few Anarchists. We do
not interfere with their views. We do not offend their beliefs. It
is the business of the moral teacher to uphold all the principles of
good government. The American constitution has settled what those
principles shall be. When one of those principles Is attacked it is
time the moral teacher should Interfere. If a man rises to abolish
the commandment 'Thou shalt not steal!' shall I not confront him
and dispute him and prove him a bad man for the people — my peo
ple — all people. Catholic, Protestant, Jew or Gentile, to hearken to
and to support? Shall I fear to speak lest people say I use the
power of the Catholic church as a lever in politics? Have I ever
made my fight for equal rights a Catholic fight? If it were a
Catholic fight could it be a question of equal rights? You have a
principle. Do you pare it on this side and on that, like a piece of
cheese, to make It fit comfortably to circumstances? Not if you are
an honest man. You strike at circumstance with your principle, you
hack and hew circumstance, beat It aside, stamp on It, make a path
through it and take your principle on to its goal. I am opposed— l
have been opposed for five years — to men who deny the Catholic
citizen equal rights with citizens of every other faith. I do not think
the man who denies equal rights to all citizens, or who indorses the
men who deny equal rights to all citizens, should have the suffrage
of the people. I have said so hundreds of times before. They say I
am a pugnacious crank. They may be right there! But no man
can say I have made fish of one and fowl of another. Many good
Catholics, are against me In this. They have my thanks. They
stand to prove my assertion that the Catholic people are not ignorant,
blind, priest-driven sheep, to follow as they are bid."
"Yet some will follow, I think. Father."
"I think so, too. I have said that Jame3 D. Phelan has been
false to his friends, false to his promises, false to his trust, false
to himself. He says those are four lies by Father Yorke. There are
some people who will take my word before his. They are those
who look to me confidently for the truth as I see It — who feel with
me that I owe it, a duty to them, to sneak the truth as I believe it
to be. But I deny that I have used the church to influence this
following beyond the duty I owe as moral teacher to my children
in the church. I speak to James D. Phelan to-day not as Father
Yorl<\ of the Roman Catholic priesthood, but as Peter C. Yorke.
American citizen."
"Can you so separate yourself. Father, from your priesthood?"
Father Yorke raised his smooth, white hands to heaven.
"Why, why, why should I wish to do that? Is not a priest a
man? You do not say to me, 'Can you so separate yourself from
your manhood as to become a priest?' Are we In France or England,
where the priesthood is a separate estate? We are in America, which
does not excuse her clergy from the duties of citizenship. And I
claim that in America the layman has no rights of citizenship which
should be denied the priest."
"Then you believe the priest may go into politics?"
"Certainly— if he has the mind."
"What does the Archbishop think about It?"
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
i cnk ins Jetter, whloh was practically an answer to xn»
charges against me In the Bulletin, expresses his views. Not that
it is likely to silence the Bulletin. That is perhaps too much to ex
pect from an Archbishop. There are some things the Lord himself
cannot do."
He laughed a big boyish laujerh and sobered out of it suddenly.
"I hope I may not be misconstrued," he said, "with regard to
Phelan or any other man. I arraign the official, or rather the man's
Continued on Fage Twenty-el*18
The Greatest Problem of the Church.
THIS is an age of problems, social, political, ethical, practical
and spiritual. As the brain of humanity becomes more and
more evenly developed by reason of the greater and more
widely diffused educational facilities which the past century
has bequeathed to us, it more and more concerns itself with
the discussion of conditions and questions which formerly w«re either
ignored or accepted without comment.
The attitude of the moment is interrogative. As we have grown
to understand our environment more clearly than did those who
have gone before us, we have begun to question more sharply con
cerning our responsibilities in regard to each other and the world
around us, and these questions constitute the problems of the hour.
The church has its problems; what the greatest of theSe are, in the
estimation of some of our most prominent clergymen of different
creeds and denominations, is here shown:
Tho problem is neither theological nor ecclesiastical, which is to
say, it is not a problem of doctrine nor polity. It is not that or
baptism, the Sabbath, predestination,
future punishment, apostolic succes
sion, divorce or any of the ever-living
s presenting themselves before
the authorities of the church.
The greatest problem is larger than any or all of these. It Is
this- "How shall the church reach and christianize the complex
mass of human beings in the world?" It is not a question either
of individuals only, but of the corporate community, wealth, society,
indastiy and civics. The church is not a charitable institution,
v is incidental, not fundamental, in the church. Its business
ie to help people to help themselves by developing in them the best;
working out their salvation, i. c., their character, according to the
laws of development, and saving them and their world, not from
anything necessarily, but to all that is good and true.
The problem of the church then is that of reaching people for
the highest good. This includes method. Method in church work is
as important as doctrine. It requires a social conscience, the prac
tice of brotherhood and a knowledge of men. It demands a living
pulpit, alive with truth, not loaded with dogmas long dead, hut an
active, aggressive ministry.
It Ie easier to state the problem than to solve it. The man for
the hour is the man to lead the church out to the people; to bring
the people into the church. Its mission is variously understood. To
the Individualist it is the servant of the individual, to the socialist
the servant of society, to some theologians the custodian of doc
trine, to the moralist" the custodian of ideals, to the cynic an or
ganization of weii-fed hypocrites, to the beggar a dispenser of chari
ties, 10 the anarchist a friend of the rich. Let us hold to its mission,
the redemption of the world. The success of the church in solving
this problem is not to be tested by the size of the congregations or
the height of the church spire, by the eloquence of the preacher or
by any one phase of its life.
WILLIAM RADER, D.D.,
Third Cong.-egational Church.
The greatest problem of the church Is not how to save its dls
lolvins creeds, not how to meet the oppositions of science, or to
correct the world's skepticism, not
Romanism for a divided Protestantism,
nor the Protestant revolt for a united
hierachy. Not even the social ques
tion These are all incidental, and the
greatest problem of the church would remain if these were swept
away It is how to make moral manhood. This is the want of the
d give ua men. There would be no shadow on the face
of the nation to-day if we could trust the men we elect to manage
the affairs of city and state. There would be no uncertainty about
the question of national duty in Cuba and the Philippines if it were
not COT unrighteousness in the heart of the nation. The church
squabbles about its ancient theologies. They never had much rela
tion tn the world's life. They have less now. They matched the
knowledge of an age gone by: they are out of joint with ours. When
the church has religion enough to be indifferent about outworn creeds
and forms and concerned to shape character and life; when its
faith is in the "I am," not the "I wag"; when it is done with the
rehearsal a of religion and begins to take a manly part in the affairs
of an entangled world by the practice of religion; when it has insight
enough to perceive that the life of God is in the soul of every man
and the moral law is to be found In the market place as well as on
Sinai then its problem will be greatly simplified. For we live in
a divine universe and "the current knows the way if we do not.
But always the world's want is men, and the only mission of the
church is to inspire to better living. It alone sets itself to the task
of making mopal manhood and womanhood. The aim is noble enough
to command every man's sympathies; the methods of work anti
quated enough often to excite every man's derision. But the task
is great- the problem is difficult. And to-day it is complicated by a
crisis in religious thought. The foundations of traditional theology
are breaking down. The reaction in the public mind invites to skep
ticism. A crisis In morals is at hand. The social unrest is profound.
The political corruption is alarming. And the church "plays its
little games around the altars of religion," and is without power.
<?he carries too much baggage. She lives too much in the past.
Throw away impedimenta. Trust in the living? God. Believe in
righteousness. * • •
The greatest problem of the church Is first to make good the
purpose of its own existence, the bringing of the world to God. The
v v rmnmisainn is "to all the world and to
A. J. WELLS, D.D.,
S«cond Unitarian Church.
JOHN A. B. WILSON, D.D.,
Howad-Strset Methodist Epitcop»i
Church.
which will expedite the accomplisnment 01 me primai purpose in san
Francisco— would be practical and possibly helpful? Here as else
where \he church that fails to obtain a hearing and impress to
noble purposes the people about it is a failure and ought to be re
formed or destroyei. To do this requires primarily the afflatus of
the Holy Spirit to make it, through its minister and membership,
,"_" ci ' But we are not authorized to expect results without
uTin^ the means Jesus taught His disciples adaptability of methods
?n " I wfll mike you fishers of men. Henceforth thou shall catch
men •' Following the teaching of His own figure to catch fish one
must co where they are. Jesus taught in the wilderness and by the
«ih" iierause the people were there and not in the temple and
Svna-ogSls The fisher must seek the fish, not flsh the fisher. And
to get fhlnsh to take the hook he wants it to have he must put a
to the people about It they
m crKr i ( T hearing and if the baptism of power be upon minister
Sd Kile thSse who come to be entertained will remain to pray.
MILLIONS MADE
IN FARMING
Farming does pay, if you know how
to conduct it, and a large capital is not
essential to success, as is shown by the
startling experience of David Rankin, a
milionaire farmer of Atchison County,
Missouri, who has amassed an immense
fortune in agriculture and stock rais
ing In these pursuits alone he accu
mulated an immense fortune before em
barking in other ventures called forth
by the^ desire to vary the investments
of a capital of five millions.
Likely the world contains no more
successful farmer than Mr. Rankin. He
now owns 21,700 acres of land in Atchl
son County, around the pretty town of
Tarkio. He has divided his land into
fourteen ranches, varying in eize i.rom
640 to 3000 acres.
This year Mr. Rankin had 12,000 acres
of corn, 1000 in oats, 320 In wheat and
the rest in pasture. He annually feeds
about 10.000 head of cattle. His ship
ment this year will be 11,250 head, or
arloads.
When 21 years old Mr. Rankin start
ed to make his fortune x ith a colt— a
gift from his father— as his only capi
tal outside of his mental and physical
■vments. The colt was sold for £>2
and the money invested in calves. He
then bought an eighty-a-re farm on
credit, and farmed it In a systematic
manner, with judgment and close appli
cation. In four yeara after his start he
owned his farm, clear of debt, and had
eighty head of cattle, slightly encum-
He was then married, without a dol
lar of cash to his name, but soon had
a bank account, bought horses and be
gan breaking prairie. He farmed in
Illinois, lowa and Nebraska, and finally
settled on the prairies of Missouri, and
made his home in Atchison. Here he
purchased his extensive tracts of land,
paying $« to $12 an acre.
Mr Rankin is president of the First
National Bank of Tarkio. head of the
banking firm of Rankin, White & Laur
of Westboro; president of a light and
power company, and of the Rankin Au
ditorium Company.
Nearly every shop in Japan for the
Bale of foreign goods is furnished with
a sign in a foreign language. No mat
ter whether the language is intelligible
—if it is only in foreign characters
that is enough. Many o£ these signs
are a study. "The all countries Boot
and Shoe Small or Fine Wares"; "Old
Curious"; "Horseshoe Maker instruct
by French horse leech"; "Cut Hair
Shop"; "If you want pell watch, I will
buy if you want buy watch, I will sell.
Yes sir, we will, all will. Come at my
shop. Watch-maker"; "Hatter Native
Country"; "Antematlc of Nausea Ma
rina," and "The Hou*€ Build for the
manufacture oi all and best kinds of
Uate and Caps."
every creature."
The proposition needs, I think, to
be narrowed somewhat to be of prac
tical benefit. What are the methods
EXTRAORDINARY AUCTION SALE OF ZOLA'S EFFECTS
Bute de LOIS3II. Hatssier i Paris, ra EOeJine-Harcfl 29
VEMTE
Par AutorM6 de Justice
A. PARIS
ii'iiillLinr
LeUardi ilQctobre 1898
_ mmtnx be tarn t
Fac-Simile of Notice Ordering the Sale of
Emil Zola's Effects at Auction.
ON Tuesday, October 11. there oc
curred in Paris one of the most
interesting incidents of the
many which have marked Zola's
batt'^ for right and justice in
the Dreyrus'matter. and one which per
haps gave ll.m better and more touch
ing evidence of the esteem in which he
!s held than any other.
On the Saturday before there were
posted throughout Paris hundreds of
placards announcing v .c sale of Emll
Zola's effects in , rder to satisfy the
30,000 francs judgment for damages
against him in the Esterhazy case.
To read these placards one would
think to have found a collection of
rarities, such as would require long and
patient work, but a visit to the apart
ments gave a very different impression.
What appears to have been most lack
ing to the one who made this gathering
of tapestries, screens, church orna
ments, Chinese works, curiosities of
every style and kind, was certainly not
money nor yet taste. It was patience.
When Zola had risen abovt medioc
rity and his books had begun to yield
him the income of a millionaire he be
gan to collect the materials for the en
joyment of his ease in the same way
that he had been accustomed to gather
the materials for a romance. With an
-ardor almost unparalleled he frequent
ed the auction houses and the shops of
curio merchants. He read every morn
he auction gazettes and in travel
ing he hunted un all the brokers and
dealers in curiosities. He bought right
and left, n«ver pricine an article, only
aiming to lose no time in satisfying
his desirts. He had a mind to rest in
a medieval chair and he hunted one
up. He dreamed of a bunch of artificial
flowers in a sarcophagus of marble
transformed into a jardiniere and he
never rested until he had realized his
dream.
Thus furnished and ornamented, his
rooms gave one an impression of be
ing incumbered. There was a billiard
room, with not room enough to play
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
This is no Indorsement of bizarre methods. They are never
necessary. But in the changed conditions of life let church people
exercise the same good sense they display in business — "cater to the
trade" by ways attractive and interesting to those we would save.
In many sections of this city the church should provide gym
nasiums, baths, clubs, games, reading-rooms and parlors as well as
prayer-meetings. The homes of wage-earners are for the most part
without parlors and the saloon has become the clubroom of the
workingman and boy, with all the degeneracy and ruin which fol
lows to them. What are church people dreaming about that they
do not meet these concrete conditions with concrete preventive ap
pliances? It is not strictly necessary to a fulfillment of the Scriptures
that church services in San Francisco should demonstrate that "the
children of this world are wiser in their generation than the children
of light"
There is not a church in San Francisco having a converted con
secrated minister arid one-fourth of its membership but may be
made a great success in its legitimate work by a wise expenditure
of from $100 to $300 per month over its regular current expenses.
And there is not a church but can afford it if they will estimate for
the work of God as they do for their own business and personal
outlaya.
What is the greatest problem for the church to solve?
The church hersslf answers this question. It ia how to per
suade men to give her an impartial
hearing, accept her doctrines and obey
her precepts.
The great difficulty in accomplish-
ing this is the opposition which she
suffers because her doctrines are repugnant to the inclinations of
fallen human nature. '
I -Jo not think that any merely natural means can effect a change
in the attitude of the world toward the church. In fact her progress
has always been proportionate to the sanctity of her members. The
Apostles and those who have most closely imitated them, the great
missionary saints, have been the chief instruments which God has
used in spreading the faith In the world.
♦ » *
H. H. WYMAN, C. S. P,
I do not recognize that there is any one great prooiem conrront
ing the church, unless we group the many which are about of equal
importance under the one general head
" " —"How to work in all ways for the
best good of humanity."
The labors of the church, though
all tending in one certain direction,
flow aloitg different channels and it is not only the church's privilege,
but its duty, in many cases, to take cognizance of many things which
do not come within the sphere of evangelical work.
One of the questions with which the church should deal and
toward the proper settlement of which all church people should exert
their influence is that of divorce. The present laxity of our divorce
laws nrd the sliding scale upon which they operate in different States
constitute a menace to society to which no true Christian can be;
indifferent, since menacing society it menaces the church. We
should have a national law for divorce, and it should be of such a
nature as to render marriage a far more serious business than it is
considered at present. Temperance is another work in which the
church should assert itself. The dear, good, white-ribbon women
are putting us to shame by their unselfish and untiring zeal in this
matter — a matter which concerns the church most nearly and in
which both clergymen and laymen should not only set a personal
example to the world at large, but should do active and aggressive
work for the betterment of mankind.
A very important problem strictly germane to the church is how
to attract and hold the masses of the people. Catholicism does this
to a great extent through the mothers, who teach the child from in
fancy by precept and example the importance of church-going and
church-giving.
Our Protestant churches are too apt to let the Sunday-school
take the place of the church in the lives of the children and this is
a deplorable mistake. Let the church take precedence always. The
Sunday-school is a mo3t excellent and blessed institution, but the
child should be taught to regard it as secondary to the church, and
the h ibit of church attendance should be deeply implanted in earliest
youth in order that good fruit may be borne in later days.
j JOHN HtMPHILL, D.D..
Calvary P.esbyterlan Church.
Wl'ile there are many who consider materialism a great obstacle
in the way of Christianity, I feel that this is a mistaken idea, since
some of the greatest materialists of the age have deduced results
from their reasonings which have helped rather than hindered the
advance of true religion. The Bible will withstand and outlive all
attacks that can be made upon it, and true Christianity will meet
bravely and in time solve completely all the problems that come
in its way.
• • •
The greatest problem to be solved by the church, the most im
portanf duty that to-day devolves upon ministers of religion, is the
correction of the seeming indifference
to public worship displayed by all, but
more especially by the young. Looser
and looser the ties are growing day
by day, feebler and feebler the power
to draw and to hold within the embrace of the church the thousands
jf educated men and women who are rapidly becoming. the directors
nf the thoughts of their generation. Religion is said to be on the
wane and one is often abashed and affrighted at hearing a fellow
Hng assert with more candor than understanding, "Oh, I am not
gious." We all believe In religion and in the beneficent moral
;ct cf a religious training. If it accomplish naught else but to
rnpreFs upon the minds of men a sense and appreciation of their
"fsponsibilities and obligations to society it has in the opinion of
the many done much, and in mine all that can be reasonably ex
pected.
To my mind the great trouble is this, that the churches are
still pursuing the fatuous course of constantly exhibiting too much
if the shadow to the detriment of the substance. There is too much
leaving to obsolete and meaningless forms and ceremonies; too
;reat insistence upon an unquestioned acceptance of doctrines and
jogrna that are out of joint with the time and inconsistent with the
state of civilization and culture at this period. People in this age
|o not care for theatrical display in religious services. They have
advanced sufficiently to understand that true religion is a question
jf correct conduct and has nothing, absolutely nothing to do with
pomp or ceremony. They recognize that there were periods in the
listory of the world when, owing to the low mental condition of man,
-ertain stage setting agreeable to the en\ f ironment of the several peo^
plea was necessary. But we graduate from the kindergarten to the
Emar school and at length find ourselves in the university,
c object lessons are no more needed in our educational process,
drama having for its main object the inculcation of morality
RABBI J. NIETO,
Congregation Sherith liraeL
the cue at its full length anywhere ! room had been seized by the Sheriff, Iby Manet considered as a family souv
about the table. Everything in this I with the exception of a portrait of Zola | enlr. One bust of Z.ola. which bore tne
ONt OF THE MOST EXTRAORDINARY SCENES IN CONNECTION WITH THE DREYf US AFFAIR IN PARIS
Sale of Emll Zola's household effects by order of the Court to pay the 30,000 francs danjages assessed against him. A plain
table worth about 60 francs was the first piece to pass under the hamroer. An admirer of Zola promptly bid 32.000 francs
for It. This was the oqjy bid and It was KoocKed down to him and th« *<*!• ended.
under the guise of amusement sets its play according to the intel
ligence and culture of the particular class of Individuals before whom
it is intended to produce it. So with worship and BO also with doc
trine and church dogma. The service* do not Interest. They have
not the charm of initiations in secret orders, for there the ceremony
is always new to the new candidate, and they are certainly not ho
full of meaning. Time was when the clergyman drew the lesson of
the day from the ceremony, but the practice was rendered un
necessary when people became educated. So also when their senti
ments and feelings were sufficiently cultivated to admit of the epi
thet cultured. The refinement of feeling thus created revolted at
the so-called orthodox but fairy-tale-like doctrines of hell, eternal
torment, the anger of God and so forth. People do not want to have
anything to do with these things at all and their sense of justice
revolts at the Idea of them. They desire a return to older and better
methods— a church where they will not be taught to hate their
neighbors, but where they will hear expounded the laws of truth
in a style consistent with the times and without the stage setting.
Their minds, now taught to climb and seek the realms of spiritual
truth divine, no more require the props of youth — mechanical emblems
fashioned to distract. But thought and soul by intelligent doctrine
rightly led, pleasure and pain their value truly told, will bring back
to church and chapel the scattered fold, and religion triumphant
will hold sway o'er all.
• • •
The greatest problem of the church is how to make people see
Christ as he is, and realize the benefits that are to come to them
for rendering complete obedience to the
divine law as presented through him.
"God gave his only begotten son,
that whosoever believeth on him
C. A. PARKIN, D.D,
Reorgar.i-<d Church of Jesus Christ,
Actirg Bishop
should be saved." He gave his son to
be a "witnegf," "leader" and "commander." The great problem is
to teach people to recognize him "as he is." Paul said: "Beware,
lest any man spoil you through philosophy and vain deceit after the
traditions of men • • • and not after Christ."
ThG philosophy of merf will not do as a means of pleasing God.
God recognizes his own doctrine and not the. doctrines of men.
"In vain do they worship me, teaching for doctrine the com
mandments of men." Notice, it is "vain" worship, Invalid, void,
without effect.
So many people admire Christ as a moralist and do not heed
his teachings in regard to doctrine, when that is the all important
thing. "I know that my Father's commandments are life everlast
ing." "If any man will do his will he shall know of the doctrine."
God gave his son to be a "witness," and he told Pilate that he came
into the world to "bear witness to the truth." To the Jews he said:
"It" ye continue in my word ye shall know the truth." "He that re
jecteth me and receiveth not my words, hath one that judgeth him;
the word that I have spoken • • • shall Judge him in the last
day.'' Peter gives us the key to understand Scripture by "No
prop>)Q£y of the Scripture is of any private Interpretation." This
is important. "He that believeth on me, as the Scriptures hath said."
How have they "said?" Why, that He is to be believed as a "wit
ness," followed as a "leader," and obeyed as a "commander." "If
any man will be my disciple let him take up his cross and fol
low ir.e."
We all want the best In this world, but It is not within our reach,
but It is In the next, by accepting Christ as God gave Him to the
world. The great problem then is to so present Christ to men that
they may recognize that it is to their best and eternal Interest to
be his disciples "in deed."
• • *
In the parable of the grain of mustard seed and of the leaven
In the meal our Lord teaches that, starting from a small beginning
his kingdom shall grow slowly and
quietly, but surely, until It shall fill
the earth. It will not only purify hu
man lives, but its spirit will fill and
transform human institutions, laws,
literatures, arts and civilization itself. From the nature of things
and in accordance with Christ's teachings this work will take time.
At the founding of Christianity the obstacles seemed utterly in
surmountable and they have been great ;~ every century of Us his
tory, and they are groat to-day. But at times these obstacles seem
to havw been the stepping-stones of progress. Persecutions have
been the means of spreading the Gospel. Paul's years of lmprison-
Rit and subsequent martyrdom resulted In establishing Christianity
c firmly. The blood of the martyrs has been the seed of the
rch. Opposition, obstacles, outward hindrances; it is not these
eh will prevent the final success of Christ's work in the world.
Failure or success will be from within the church and not from
«Two things seem essential to the success of Christianity.
. Christians must obey that final command of their risen Lord
go into all the world and preach the Gospel to every creature."
This does not mean that every Christian should be a foreign mis
sionary. It does mean that each one shall carry his religion into
all departments of his life; his home, his business, his pleasures,
his social and political life. These make up his "world" and in all
these he is to be a preacher of the Gospel of Christ. This shall be
the first business of his life and all else shall be secondary. Not to
do this is to disobey his "marching orderF."
2. There must be a consciousness of the presence and power of
our divine Lord. Without that presence and power the Christian
will utterly fail. Without that presence his strength and his faith
will forsake him. There ie the promise of our Lord: "All power is
given unto Me in heaven and in earth. Go ye, and 10, I am with
you always."
Whenever and wherever our Lord sends a Christian he goes
with him with all power. What can be an obstacle or a hindrance
if our Lord Is with his people?
In a word, our divine Lord with all power in heaven and in earth
» promised to be with every Christian who goes forth to do his
: end no outside obstacles can prevent success.
The greatest problem of the church" is within the church itself
not in the outside world.
* * •
E. A. WOODS, D D.,
F :st Baptst Church.
The greatest problem of the church is to so present Its doctrines
that tl.c people can see that its theological statements are rational
and Its rellgrlous teachings practical.
Science has wrought havoc with many
of the old and cherished ideas concern
ing God and man and spiritual things.
As men's views of nature have en
larged conceptions of the divine have changed to harmonize with
them end now the theological creeds of the past are as unsatisfac
tory 'is the scientific theories of ages ago. Therefore we find thous
ands of thoughtful, earnest men and women who are interested in
philosophy, ethics, political economy, and are grappling with all the
DUANE V. BOWEN,
First New Jerusa em Church
Discussed by:
Pastor W. H- Tutt. £cv. Wm. Rader.
Dr. A. J. Wells. Father Wyman.
Dr. John (\. B. Wilson. Dr. John Hemphtll.
Rabbi J. Nleto. C. A. Parkin. D.D.
E. A. Woods, D.D. Pastor Duane V. BoWen.
problems of life— but they do not attend church; and they frankly
tell us that science is more practical than the "scheme of salvation,
and that trying to adjust themselves to environment is of greater
importance than "to be reconciled to God."
The creeds are outgrown; men's views have bo broadened that
they can no longer be bound by mysterious and unreasonable state
ments which answered very well for the dark ages when people wers
under authority and did not think for themselves, but they have no
place in our day of freedom and rationality. Some Biblical critics
have placed the Bible as one among many "books of life," and re
gard it a valuable contribution to the Hebrew and Greek literature,
and its Inspiration the same as that of Homer, Dante and Shakes
peare. Many ministers adapt themselves to this condition of re
ligious thought by preaching evolution and culture in the place of
the creeds.
Now, when the church can show that the Bible Is a revelation or
spiritual things — when it can show that the relation existing between
God and man is an ever-abiding, presence — and Providence — and that
the future for man is hopeful and full of blessedness; when the
church can answer satisfactorily— in harmony with all known truth
the questions which reason and conscience and heart cannot help
asking, then the great problem of the church as to its Influence
with the people will be answered.
Buch a church, it is believed by many, to be already with us;
prophesied in the Apocalypse— by the New Jerusalem— wliose doc
trines will make all things new. Hundreds of ministers recogniza
the fact that we are living In a new dispensation, and that the
second coming of the Lord— as the "spirit of truth"— is a revelation
of the spiritual senße of the word, through Emanuel Swedenborg.
When all things of the church are seen from its spiritual side
and valued as to their relative importance, then one of its problems
and lU greatest one will be answered. For when theology is seen
to be rational and religion practical men can believe In such a church
and will love to attend its ministrations.
The greatest : problem of the church to-day is tne maintaining 01
its standards and the holding of the people to its traditions
us si-"'"" - r->«, . . Practically the church is in evolu
tion. The question of its survival de
pends upon its ability to give a logical
reason for its existence.
The solution is in the church Itself.
The "survival of the fittest" will apply to all organizations.
• ThV> church was made for man, not man for the church, and the
liberal tendencies of the age having awakened a spirit of inquiry,
blind, unquestioning faith is a thing of the past
' Men now desire to know, where formerly they were content to
ta %?To\£ l ToT™fo r T U^ic* the church was orea;,d it must
abreast of the times and in step with the march of progress. In
dependency of thought and liberality in fa th demand a larger con
ception of Christ, and a grander manifestation of Hi* spirit and
this spirit Is not confined to the church alone. The esthetic and
the ideal, however alluring, cannot satisfy the spiritual in man; he
is a worshiping being, and creates a God if he does not find one to
his liking The cry of the soul must be answered from Sinai and
Calvary, not from the arena, the forum or the stage.
The vital issues of a common faith must be contended for and
the cross elevated above sectarian strife and bigotry.
The church of to-day is losing its hold on the minds of men.
Selfishness and greed; with strife, repel the honest seeker after .truth,
and faith Is being interpreted by the Individual. .. -«♦•-.
Conformity to the teachings of Christ will restore the prestige
of the church. Freedom to worship God is inalienable. . ■
The dullness of the pulpit is responsible for the drowsiness in
the ifews. The "Sermon on the Mount" is as grand to-day as when
first delivered, and the Lord's prayer cannot be improved.
"Our Father" tells of the brotherhood of man. Truth has noth
ing to fear from error, nature cannot disagree with its <>od.
Th» caterers for the entertainment of the masses study the wants
and needs of the people. They are practical and persevering. Min
isters would do well to study the methods of mere pleasure seekers.
Some have done so and the result is the "institutional church.
The motto of. which is "Every man to his work." For th* patriarch
and the youngest member there is something suitable, something
genial and congenial, giving and receiving.
Th" spiritual life deepens as the social expands, and the. develop
ment of the whole man is considered. Athletic* and belles-letters,
field sports and fancy work, metaphysics and kindergarten, astrono
my end gastronomy, music and legitimate drama, all furnish valves
for the eßcape of healthy, energy. „ „ , . -
Young Men's Christian Associations and Institutes, Leaguers and
the Young People's Society of Christian Endeavor, girls' clubs and
mothers' meetings, with the moral and physical forces of the church
rightly applied, will perpetuate the grandest conception of God for
man, and high over all, the "preaching of , the cross, which la th«
pow*r of God unto salvation."
So mote it ber •''#.'•
W. H. TUBB,
. Bethlehem Cong:egational Church.
The ereatest problem of the church is Christian union. Jesu»
Draved "that they may all be one; even as thou, Father, art In m» and
p I in thee, that they also may b« In
us; that the world may believ© that
thou didst send me." It Is a wall
known fact that one of the elements
of power of the early church and the
raDld spread of the Gospel was the unity of the church. They were
one bod> and one spirit and were called in one hope. They had one
Lord one faith one baptism, one God and father of all. Compare
this with the divisions of Christianity to-day and you have a suf«
ficient answer for the present weakness, aa compared with the pow«J
that 3he should have, of the church.
These divisions not only weaken the power of th« church, they
confuse those who would become Christians. This is seen not only
abroad where the heathen says. "You have one book, why bo many
churches?"" but at home, where the inquirer is met with "to here,"
'to there." He has but one alternative, which is to take Christ's
advice, "Go not out." - -
"Is Christ divided? Was Paul crucified for you? Or, were y«
baotized into the name of Paul?" Whereas one says. "I am of X,"
and another, "I am of Y." and another, "I am of Z," are ye not
carnal? Who are X, V and Z, but ministers by whom ye believed?
Ye are God's building. Other foundations can no man lay than that
is laid, Jesus Christ.
FRANK S. FORD, D.D.,
First Chrutitn ChutcK.
date of 1866, was half hidden by a
crown of leaves tied with a ribbon,
which bore the Inscription: "To Emile
£ola, battling for right and justice."
In the same room. on a bust of wood,
was a crown with the inscription: "To
the sublime Zola, the glory and venera
tion of the civilized world." Another
crown, at the side, on a high wooden
pedestal, was inscribed: "Homage to
Emile Zola from the fifty-six instruc
tresses of La Haye."
The sale, such as it was, took place
in an alleyway of the "Porte Cochere."
Zola, who kept no carriage, has used
the alley as a lodging place for numer
ous mutilated marble statues; two sar
cophagi, brought, It was said, from the
Borghese villa; a wooden virgin, an Ital
ian bas relief, an antique mask and a
number of engraved stones, the whole
constituting a most original decoration.
The sale was announced to take place
at noon, and for an hour before a crowd
had been gathering — English and
American ladles and gentlemen, Paris
ians of all classes, from the highest to
the striking diggers on the exposition
works. Reporters' of the newspapers
and agents of the auction houses were
there in the way of business, though
they had some idea of what was about
to take place.
It was a full hour and a half after the
time set when the folding doors of the
porte cochere were thrown open. The
crowd, started in. About forty found
places', for across the alley, effectually
blocking the way, was placed a table,
behind which stood the auctioneer and
the expert, with two men from the pub.
lie auction-house, the Sheriff and some
of Zola's friends, with a number of
newsgatherers. Farther back, behind
the glass doors of the vestibule, a
group of females surrounded Mme.
Zola, very nervous and excited.
The table which served at the same
time as a barricade and a desk for the
auctioneer was first offered. It was
appraised at 120 fr^jics. Some one at
the auctioneer's side bid 32,000 francs
(about $6500). „  •_
"I am offered 32,000 francs." ■aid the
auctioneer, in the calmest tone. No one
offered to bid further.
"We want to see it." cried a man in
the uniform ef a hotel.
"We will show it to you," replied M.
Davist, and the two assistants raised
the table above their heads for the
crowd to see. It was of the style called
Louis XIII, quite common and worth
not more than 60 francs.
"Thirty-two thousand francs is of
fered. Does any one bid more? Thirty
two thousand francs for the table—
32.000, once: twice, 32,000. Does any one
offer more?
"Sold to M. * „ . ....
"Fasquelle, editor," said the bidder.
The sale was over.
The comedy ordered by the law had
I been played.
TEACHING A
WISE PARROT
A well-known country Squire owned
an equally well known parrot, which he
christened Judy, because of its popu
larity and reputation for saying funny
things. On one occasion the Squire was
expecting his uncle for a visit, and
thought it would be great fun if, on the
arrival of the said uncle, Judy came out
with:
"Halloa, Uncle! How are you?"
So one morning he tried to teach the
phrase to the bird. Judy, however, was
in a depressed mood, and she couldn't
be persuaded to talk or do any of her
tricks. The Squire, who was an iras
cible man. shouted violently:
"Say uncle! Say uncle! Say uncle, you
fool!"
But Judy was obstinate, and no
threats could make her say a word.
The Squire thereupon gave way to hi 3
wrath, and, seizing Judy by the head,
swung her round and round, then threw
her out of the window.
About half an hour afterward he
heard a great screeching in his fowl
yard. He hurried out and beheld nine
teen of his chickens lying dead, while
Judy was pursuing the twentieth, at
the same time shrieking:
"Say, uncle, you fool! Say uncle, you
fool!"
Judy had, after all, learned her les
son, but too well.
A well-known physician gives an ac
count of an Irish gentleman who swam
more than two miles down a river, got
ashore and was subsequently discov
ered sleeping by the roadside, alto-
gether unconscious of the extraordi
nary feat he had accomplished.
Professor Fischnell of Bale writes of
a young student of Wurtemburg who
used to play hide-and-seek while fast
asleep. His fellow-students knew of
his propensity, and when he began
walklqg threw bolsters after him,
which he always eluded, jumping over
bedsteads and other obstacles placed in
his way.
A gentleman was once discovered at 1
o'clock in the morning in a neighbor's
garden engaged in prayer, evidently
ujjder the impression that he was in
church, but otherwise in. a deep sleep.
A young girl given to sleep talking
was in the habit of imitating the vio
lin with her lips, giving a preliminary
tuning and scraping and flourishing
with the utmost fidelity. It puzzled
her physician a great deal until he
learned that when an infant the girl
lived in a room adjoining a fiddler, who
often performed upon his instrument
within her hearing.
An authority on microscopy states
that the hair of a woman can be dis
tinguished by its construction from that
of a man when examined through the
tnicroscope.EDITH VAN BUREN'S MISSIONARY EXPERIENCES ON THE KLONDIKE.
Miss Van Buren Is wealthy, comes from a good family and spends most of her tirr)e traveling about the world. Last spring she Werjt to the K'ondlKe to see the mining excitement. While there she thought she mlgjjt do something to help their
better natures, so she hired a big tent, engaged tJ)e services of a preacher and sent one of her servants out with a big bell to go among .the shacKs and tents and gather in trje rnlners to church. She herself attended to the hand organ and
ground out its incongruous tunes. The church was such a great success and the miners declared it was the very best that ever caroe to AlasKa.
Edith M. Var\ Burerv
From a Photograph by Vaughn & Keith.
WEST DAWSON CITY has
lost its only church. Not
for the want of a pastor,
nor, for the matter of that,
the congregation, but be
cause its patron saint, fold-
Ing her tent like the Arab, has fled and
left the field unoccupied save by the ir
reguiar visits of the Salvation Army
and the. Sisters of Mercy who come to
the tents. Miss Edith M. Van Buren
was the founder of this church, and
the edifice was her drawing-room tent.
N" towering steeple cr^wnedthis primi
tive house of worship, and' no bell
chimes roused the sleeping miners to a
sense of their moral obligations. Miss
Van Buivn's method of proselyting was
of a no-vel and effective sort and her
38 was phenomenal.
Last spring, accompanied by Mrs.
Hitchcock, widow of commander Hitch
if the United States navy, she ar
rived in San Francisco at the time
when the Klondike gold excitement
■was at its height. The ease and com
fort of modern travel paled before the
interesting hardships suggested by a
like journey, and so these tireless
wand-wre, solely on pleasure bent,
i the happy, hopeful caravan
bound for the northern El Dorado.
Miss Van Buren has just returned
from the Klondike city. She has
brought with her the memory of the
very merriest summer that she has ever
ki. '-wii. She has brought with her the
•if thrilling adventure and unusual
sights, a taste for wild Western civiliza
tion and the joy of having lived where
all good women receive the fealty paid
to queens — not by virtue of noble birth,
but by right of being good women. She
also brought with her a goodly number
of nuggets from a mine which she lo
and a great many photographs
and the experience of founding a Pres-
I an church in West Dawson City.
"You see," said Miss Van Buren,
"after we had established our perma
nent camp on the banks of the Yukon
we yearned for Sabbath occupation,
their heads out of their tents to find
and not wishing to cross the river
President Maso on the Present and Future of Cuba
This Is bis address to the American people and shows clearly the real attitude of the provisional government of Cuba on tfoe questions of annexation and independence.
PRESIDENT BARTOLOME MASO, President of the Provisional Government
of Cuba.
<¥>Rom a Pbotograpb*
every Sunday for the purpose of going
to church in Dawson City we just con
cluded to start a little church of our
own. Then, too, I had received a letter
from Mrs. Stanford just before my de
parture from San Francisco in which
she urged me to exert my influence for
the welfare of- the' miners, and I felt
stimulated by her good advice into
making an effort toward establishing
a Sunday home for the boys.
"I heard of a Presbyterian minister,
Rev. Mr. Dickey, who was without a
parish, and he "willingly consented to
minister to the flock; that is, if we
could furnish him with one.
"This seemed the most difficult task
of all, for we had been there long
enough to discover that the miners
were not in favor of early rising on
Sunday mornings, which was some
times due to their overworked week,
but most frequently to their overlate
Saturday night.
"Our drawing-room tent measured
seventy by ninety feet in length, and
though unlike a temple in point of
architecture, furnishing and decoration
it was well adapted to hold a good
sized audience. The walls of this taber
nacle were unadorned by sacred pic
tures, but lithographs of war heroes
were not lacking. Hobson, Dewey,
Schley and Sampson were conspicuous,
while President and Mrs. McKinley had
their places back of the pulpit under
a drapery of American and English
flags. The furniture of the pulpit con
sisted of a table and the only stool in
the camp. Chairs were at a premium
in Dawson City. The pews consisted of
pine boxes and rugs. These were
empty. How should we fill them? That
became our study.
"At last our servant offered to do the
proselyting for us, in a most unusual
manner. He grabbed the dinner bell,
and instead of ringing it in front of our
tent, he visited each camp in West
Dawson.
"Keeping time with the ding-dong
bell, he yelled 'Come to church! come
to church! come to church!' and In the
same breath he added, 'No collection!
Free! free! free!'
"Of course, the miners got up, stuck
out what all the racket was about, and
some of them promptly refused to go
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
"Thjere Were No Chairs 1q Camp so the Miners Brought Their Blankets and Lay Upon Tr;em. Spread Over the Ground,
While the Minister Preached. And in Between 1 Ground Out a Miscellaneous lot of Music or) the Hand Organ.
our heads, as if seeking their affinity
in the pastor's text — 'And he saw the
Spirit of God descending like a dove
upon him.'
"It did not require a vivid imagina
tion to associate this meeting with
Noah'-s ark. Every one seemed at
peace, and the services were the most
solemnly impressive that I have ever
witnessed. It seemed like God's church
and was so full of deep religious* feel
ing. .
"The parrot was the only irreverent
listener, and his cries of 'Cracker' and
'Coffee' were soon silenced by his
speedy removal After the minister left,
each Sunday by request the music-box
supplied the miners with operatic airs,
and I must truthfully say that this
class of music was more thoroughly
enjoyed by them than the sacred
hymns.
"During our two months' sojourn in
West Dawson City these meetings were
kept up. The interest in them grew,
and so did our congregation, until it
became the most popular church there.
There was certainly no pretense to
style in our house of worship and no
collection. Mrs. Hitchcock and I were
firm about this. We did not wish the
miners to think that we were trying
to 'do them,' and so each visitor was
informed of this when invited to come,
and had the satisfaction of feeling that
to be made purer in heart did not nec
essarily mean to be made poorer in
purse.
"Visitors came over from East Daw
son to enjoy our ideal church. The ser-
anywhere when they had to put on
their 'biled' shirts. Being informed
that 'biled' shirts were not necessary
adjuncts to our religious services, some
of them half way promised to come.
"Mrs. Hitchcock and I took up our
stations in the big tent beside the
music-box, which we brought with us
from San Francisco. We patiently
waiter] for the congregation to gather.
Our music-box had a repertoire rang
ing from 'Nearer, My God, to Thee,' to
'Cavalleria Rusticana.' We made the
most of this drawing card by keeping
the thing constantly wound up, and I
am satisfied that this music was the
principal feature In collecting our first
congregation.
"Upon leaving San Francisco for
Dawson we took with us three dozen
carrier doves, a canary bird, two dogs
and a parrot. The ensemble had all of
the appearance of a circus, and in this
resemblance we based our hopes for
success, for what heart of man could
ever resist a circus tent?
"The big canvas and the small music
proved too much for the sleeping miner.
He followed his curiosity to the flap
ping tent door, thrust his head in
quickly, and out again until he was
perfectly satisfied that it was safe to
enter. Then the parrot said 'Come in.'
They did, after a little while, and took
their places on the rugs or pine boxes.
"The service began with 'Rock of
Ages' from the music-box, 'Rock of
Ages' from the lusty Klondike throats,
and the flock of doves swept in through
the door and fluttered about and above
IN order that the real attitude of the provisional government of Cuba
might be thoroughly understood upon the questions of annexation or in
dependence, President Bartolome Maso has intrusted to George Reno,
special envoy between the Government of Cuba and the Government at Wash
ington, an address to the people of America, in which is clearly laid down
the views of himself and his Cabinet upon those topics which most vitally
concern the future of the island. It is the iirst and only address of Gen
eral Maso to the citizens of the United States, and as such it is of great in
terest and importance. It has not hitherto been published. President Maso
wrote it at the Government headquarters in La Esperanza, on September 26.
It was brought at once to America by Mr. Reno. The following is a close
translation of the original text, made by Mr. Reno himself:
Special to the Sunday Call.
STANDING in that unenviable po
sition, at the head of an unrecog
nized republic, I find myself en
compassed by grave difficulties
and burdened with responsibili
ties which a feeling of solemn duty
alone enables me to support. I have
the counsel of brave, intelligent men,
but we are all in political darkness. We
have hardly dared to take a step, lest it
conflict with the plans of the great and
generous nation which has so unselfish
ly made our freedom possible.
Not long before the signing of the
protocol General EmUio March, civil
and military governor of Puerto Prin
cipe, sent a military commission to us
urging that permission be given for his
forces, numbering 7000 men, together
with the troops of Holguin under Gen
eral Luque, to march across the prov
ince of Camaguey to the railroad sta
tion at Placetas, from which point they
were to take the railroad and join Gen
eral Blanco in Havana.
Permission to move across our terri
tory unmolested by Cuban troops was
asked, in consideration of which the
cities of Holguin and Puerto Principe
were to be evacuated and turned over
to us, the latter city to be used as the
seat of the provisional government.
Owing to our inability to communicate
with the American forces or to ascer
tain from the Secretary of War In
Washington whether such action on
our part would be in harmony with the
plans of the War Department, we were
compelled to refuse this permission,
notwithstanding our desire to occupy
the city of Puerto Principe for govern
ment purposes. From the moment that
America took the first step toward
making the liberty of this island possi
ble we have done all in. pur power to
restrain those elements which betrayed
a disposition to place obstacles in the
way of the military leaders of the
United States, and to keep in harmony
with the purpose of her administration.
Problems social, political and eco
nomical press upon us from all sides.
The starving cry for food, the naked
beg for clothes, the homeless look for
shelter, the sick and suffering: plead for
medicine and for succor; all look to us
for counsel and advice. Without funds
we are at present unable to relieve suf
fering, as all revenues from customs
and port duties are collected and held
by officials either of Spain or the
United States. Of the latter we make
no complaint, because we believe that
in the end a just account will be ren
dered to us. In a document issued by
the American authorities at Santiago
it is stated that the revenues collected
at the different -Cuban ports under the
control of the United States will be
used for the maintenance of the army
of occupation and for the payment of
those municipal officials who^will hold
office until the evacuation of the Span
iards.
The Spaniards, we are told, are to go
by December 1, or soon after. Then is
to come an American army of occupa
tion, some saying that it is to be 50,000
strong. It is but natural that we should
ask. Why is this great army sent to
Cuba? When the Spaniards are gone,
who is it going to fight? Surely not
the Cubans. Such a thought would be
monstrous. You have encouraged us,
you have freed us, you have fed us.
You will continue to advise, to guide
and protect us. We need your engi
neers, your miners and mechanics, your
school teachers, your settlers and your
capitalists. When the Spanish forces
evacuate Cuba there will be no more
use for soldiers here than there will be
In the State of New York.
God knows the U. S. troops are wel
come. Americans, armed or unarmed,
mon was a sweet hour of comfort ,an
I never expect to find its like again un
less I return to dear old Dawson. The
pastor worked gratuitously, and the
labor and worship were that of love.
Miss Van Buren comes of a very dis
tinguished family. Her grandfather,
Joseph Earl Sheffield, founded and en
dowed the Sheffield Scientific School at
New Haven, Conn., and bequeathed
$1,000,000 to Yale College. Her father,
the late General Thomas B. Van Buren,
came to California in that year of
years that the pioneer loves so remln
iscently, but he returned soon after and
spent most of his lifetime in diplomatic
service. He was United States Minis
ter to Japan, and died in San Francisco
in the year 1888. She is a niece of
William Walter Phelps, former Minis
ter to Germany, and grandniece
of the late President Martin Van
Buren. Miss Van Buren is a
cousin of John Addison Porter, pri
vate secretary to President McKinley,
and has had one of the most remark
able careers in the history of American
society belles. She has three times
made the circuit of the globe and has
been presented to every court in the
civilized world.
Miss Vaa Buren is of a figure divine
ly tall, and superbly she carries it. Her
eyes are blue, and she has that saving
sense of merriment, which, figuratively
speaking, sees the world through
"glasses green." Her crown of pre
maturely gray hair and love* of adven
ture constitute her heritage from the
Van Burens. Her larsre fortune, self
are our friends, and consequently they
are welcome to stay with us as long as
they choose. Our home is theirs. But
at present It is so demolished that it
Is difficult for us to entertain our guests
as we would like. Our own troops are
more than anxious to disband and at
tend to long-neglected fields. The mo
ment we can give to each man a cer
tilicate of indebtedness stating the
amount due him for his services in the
cause of liberty every Cuban soldier on
the island will gladly exchange the rifle
for a hoe and go to work. It will re
quire no argument, no persuasion. We
have had quite enough of war.
We want now the wealth and pros
perity that come with peace. It is our
desire to pay the Cuban army for its
Services as soon as possible, not be
cause liberty is not a sufficient reward,
but because the majority of our men
will be compelled to return to homes
that have been burned, to fields that
have run to weeds, to families that are
not only suffering for food, but are ab
solutely destitute of clothes with which
to cover their nakedness. The dis
charged soldier of Cuba has nothing
with which to start life but hope. To
day we can give him nothing but
which to till the
ground. The Span
iard, soldier or ci
vilian, who chooses
:to make his home
' in Cuba, is as wel
come as any one
else, and if he sees
fit to renounce his
allegiance to the
- mother country and
f take the oath of
fealty to Cuba he
will have a voice
and a vote In the government of the
island. This rule will apply to all
foreigners and is in accordance with
the principles of true democracy. It is
the purpose of the next Assembly at
Santa Cruz either to reinstate the pres
ent Government or elect a new provis
ional Government, which will have the
power to determine who may or may
not have the power to vote, and to call
for a general election in which all per
sons so entitled shall be given an op
portunity to vote without fear, preju
dice or restraint. The result of this
election will be the formation of a
"stable and satisfactory government"
Coat of Arms of the Prov
lional Government i
Cuba.
,dreliance and grace of manner have
made her a target for matrimonial en
thusiasts.
Since her return from Alaska she has
been stopping at the Palace Hotel, and
is the victim of unknown letter fiends.
She is daily besieged with letters from
unsuccessful prospectors.
"These are not ietters of love," said
Miss Van Buren, "not by any means.
A Klondiker has a more simple and
direct method of asking for a wife. It
is usually, 'Will you tie up with me?'
These letfers are propositions for a
•grub stake,' and generally begin, 'You
have make a rich strike up there and I
have had hard luck; you are rich and
I am 'poor and miserable.'" Then fol
lows a list of carefully itemized necessi
ties that the would-be recipient would
require for his Klondike outfit — clothes,
provisions and tools, and a desire to
hear from her by return mail. They
are not discouraged by her silence, and
frequently write two or three letters to
remind her that if she intends to aid
them she had better do so at once, be
fore winter sets in. They come by mail
and messengers, these mercenary notes,
and multiply in numbers and needs
day by day.
Miss Van Buren leaves for her home
in Englewood, N. J., the last of this
week, where she expects to make her
preparations for a trip to Manila. There
Is a deal of energy in this typical
American girl, and happier would be
the fate of the dons if they could but
know Miss Van Buren's resolution,
"Yo no quiero casar" (I do not wish to
marry). ANNABEL. LEE.
for the island of Cuba, to which the
United States is pledged.
The constitution that will be adopted
by the Assembly will be, as is the one
now in force, along the same lines as
that of the United States. Our compar
atively small population, together with
the limited area of the island, will nat
urally make some departures a matter
of necessity. To avoid the disturbance
to social and commercial life which is
liable to take place through too fre
quent recurrence of national elections,
a longer period for the term of the
presidency will probably be adopted.
In my opinion, six years would be a
better term for the chief executive of
Cuba. The election of such executive
by direct popular vote will probably be
preferable to the system in vogue in the
United States through its electoral col
lege.
It is the opinion of some of our
statesmen that our Congress should be
directly responsible to the people for
their acts, so that, in case there should
be an unavoidable division of opinion
on urgent matters, that body might be
dissolved and Its members sent back
to their constituents for re-election, as
is customary in the British Parliament.
In that way may be avoided those un
fortunate deadlocks which sometimes
take place in legislative bodies. It
might prove a salutary method of keep
ing our representatives within the lim
its prescribed by their platforms at the
time of their election. In this way also
the people themselves may be taught
to take a greater interest in national
affairs and to keep in closer touch with
their representatives at the Beat of
government.
The government of Cuba for the first
few years in many minor details will of
necessity be in the nature of a political
experiment. Errors will, no doubt, be
made, but none which will endanger
the interests of the body politic or b.e
not capable of immediate correction.
We do not claim to be infallible, but
we feel justified in placing almost un
limited confidence in the patriotism, In
tegrity and sober judgment of the great
majority of our people.
That we may be permitted to create
and maintain with our own resources
such a government is our only prayer.
What we want are railroads, tele
graph lines, public schools, sawmills,
machine shops, factories, better houses
and those sanitary conditions and com
forts which go hand in hand with mod
ern civilization. Our Island is capable
of yielding a wealth second to none In
"Come to Church! Come to Church! Coma
to Church! It won't cost you anything,' 1
shouted our servant; loudly ringing the
dinner-bell, as he made the rounds of
the tents.
the world. To the United States, which
has rendered this possible for us, we
owe a debt of everlasting gratitude.
Her people are as welcome as our own.
Her constitution, her institutions, po
litical and economical, have be^n and
will be our models and guides.
It is quite probable that in a few
years social and commercial interests
will induce Cuba to sue for admission
to the Union as a State. But under
standing and realizing as I do the pe
culiar temperament and condition of
our people, I cannot but think that an
nexation would be the most Inexpedi
ent and unwise at present. lam well
aware that a powerful alliance between
Spanish political and American finan
cial interests has been formed, and that
it is bringing all possible pressure to
bear upon, not only the Peace Commis
sion at Paris and the administration at
Washington, but upon the malcontents
of Cuba, to compel the immediate an
nexation of this island as a territory of
the United States. But a thorough
knowledge of the true state of affairs,
as well as of the wishes of ray people,
Jmp«ls me to state that if such a step is
forced upon us now it may long be re
gretted. It is far better to let the
grounds In the coffee cup settle before
offering it to the guest.
Independence absolute has been the
dream of our lives. Permit us to en
joy this before compelling us to enter
into even a more profitable or satisfac
tory state. We have accepted the as
sistance of the United States in driving
out the Spaniards as a noble and un
selfish act of brotherly love and hu
manity. To force annexation on us now
would sow in the minds of many the
seeds of suspicion and distrust. Spain
has for years declared that America
had no real sympathy for the Cuban,
that she cared only for his territory.
Do not let her say: "I told you so."
It is my prayer that the friendly re
lations between Cuba and the United
Stales may never be tainted with a
breath of suspicion. That they will
some time coalesce and become one.
politically, socially and commercially,
is inevitable.
SIGNATURE OF PRESIDENT -MASO.
19
120
GETTING BUGS TO BUGS.
Professor Koeberle relates hit extraordinary experiences I r> trying to discover parasites that Would destroy the cottony cushion scale, the horse fly, the Japanese beetle and other pests of farnjers
Expcrimeotlog With the Pests.
IM a modest little house In Oakland
lives Professor Albert Koerbele. He
is as retiring as his house, which
stands away from the street as far
as it can, and is surrounded by
vines and shrubs, some one of
which has the exact perfume of plum
blossoms, the first plum blossoms that
come in the East before all the snow
is gone.
Professor Koerbele has Just come
home from Mexico. He has been there
on a commission for the Hawaiian Gov
ernment. He knows as much about
scale as any man In the United States
and has one of the finest collections of
butterflies, scales, parasites and beetles
in the world.
"I did not do a great deal In Mexico
this time," he said. "Out there we
have only one species of banana. I
remembered that in Mexico was a very
fine red banana about a foot long. The
Hawaiians raise bananas to send to the
United States, so the Government
wanted me to get some better kinds.
"I have been lour months in Mexico
selecting jnany plants to grow in the
islands. Some of commercial value and
some ornamental."
There were dozens of pill boxes on
the table which, when opened, proved
to be tilled with specimens — bugs. One
crawled out of the open box and the
professor put it back as tenderly as a
cat puts a venturesome kitten back into
Its nest.
"They are my friends." He looked
around at the cases of dried insects.
"Since I was a little boy they have been
my pleasure. I had to work days, but
at night I would go out into the grass
and the woods and hunt for them. Sun
days I always spend In the woods; it
la my church."
As he spoke, the professor opened
boxes containing the most gorgeous
butterflies and beetles, glittering like
jewels.
In *7"eylon the men, as well as wo
men, wear the gorgeous beetles mount
ed in gold.
It was Professor Koerbele who, ten
years ago, found the vedalia, a lady
FIGHTING FOR LIFE ON MT. ACONCAGUA.
Edward Fitzgerald, the Famous Mountain Climber, Recounts His Thrilling Experiences
Wrjile Scaling the Higb«st PeaK in tlje Western World.
Special to the Sunday Call.
EDWARD A. FITZGERALD, the
most famouß mountain climber,
says that a mountain climber
faces all the perils of an
Arctic explorer, and one other.
In addition to the terrors of
Intense cold, Ice fields, snow bliz
zards, torrents and treacherous
crevasses which the Arctic traveler
must meet, a mountain climber is also
compelled to resist the fearful effects
of reduced air pressure. No man is
better fitted to tell of these difficulties
and perils than Mr. FitzGerald. A num
ber of years ago he traveled the "Atos
from end to end" with Sir Martin Con
way, In 1894-95 he explored the New
Zealand lps and gave his name to a
famous pass, hitherto undiscovered,
afterward writing a book on his adven
tures. Less than two years ago he ven
tured on a still more difficult feat, and
his party succeeded In reaching the
summit of Aconcagua, the highest
mountain In the western world, and
rivaling the peaks of the Himalayas.
Aconcagua, with its giant sister, Tu
pungato, rises from the backbone of
the South American continent, midway
between Argentina and Chile. Its sum
mit is nearly 23,000 feet above the level
of the sea, a height greater even than
aeronauts have commonly dared to
venture in balloons. It is not only in
accessible in altitude, but it is far from
the base of supplies in a wild, sparsely
settled country. Indeed, it took Mr.
FitzGerald «no less than two weeks of
diligent research and exploration to
discover where Aconcagua really was
and the best way of making the ascent.
The mountain had been attempted be
fore, but no explorer had been able to
get within thousands of feet of the
summit. In making his inquiries Mr.
FitzGerald met with many peculiar and
amusing difficulties, owing to tae dense
ignorance of the natives or their un
willingness to tell what they knew of
the great mountain. They assured him
that this peak was Aconcagua, that
that peak was Aconcagua, and they
finally declared that Aconcagua
reached bo high above the clouds that
no man might see the summit.
As might be expected, Mr. FitzGerald
is a man of astonishing vigor of .body
and determination :of < will. He is an
American by birth, althpysb, hl^fa.ther
bug which destroys the cottony cush
ion scale. Ten years ago the citrus in
dustry of California waa seriously
threatened. It seemed for a time that
all the oranges and lemons would be
annihilated by a small white scale
which sapped the tree and killed the
fruit. Eventually, too, the trees them
selves died.
Scientists from Washington were ex
perimenting to find something — any
thing to stop the ravages of this scale.
The trees were washed with solutions
sure to destroy the yellow-whitish
coarse dust under which the tiny fly
like scale lived.
The scale only laughed, If It had any
humor, and went on multiplying In the
orchards.
"Give me three years' time and my
expenses and 1 will destroy the scale,"
said Professor Koerbele, on offering his
services.
"You cannot do what we have not
done," said those in authority at Wash
ington.
But the fruit raisers said, "We want
something to kill the scale."
The result was a compromise, and
with little expense besides actual
railroad fares, Professor Koerbele
started for Australia.
"I had been in Africa and South
America and Mexico, but I had never
seen this particular scale," he ex
plained. "I had never been in Austra
lia. In its own country I knew this
scale had a parasite to destroy It, be
cause in all nature there never was and
never will be any insect which destroys
other insects or the vegetation to any
appreciable extent but will have its
corresponding deadly enemy. For every
destructive scale that grows a para
site to destroy it grows right along be
side It. Look at these different scales."
The professor brought out a box, to the
top of which were pinned bits of wood
or leaves, on which, were specimens of
scale.
"Do you see the very small holes in
the scale? These are the holes the
parasite made, for under every scale
the parasite to destroy it lays its eggs.
These hatch and before they fly away
eat most of the scale insects."
Knowing this fact. Professor Koer
bele set to work on his problem to de
was a British subject, and he has trav
eled wjth all the pertinacity of a genu
ine English wanderer. He is now only
27 years old, in the very heyday of
sturdy manhood, and he has won fame
as a hunter, fisher and athlete as well
as a climber. But in spite of all his
vigor and daring, he and his party of
trained Swiss mountaineers were near
ly defeated on the bleak slopes of
Aconcagua.
At their first ascent they did not suc
ceed in getting the" mule . train higher
than 14,000 feet, leaving a distance of
1 nearly 9000 feet, or a mile and three
fourths, to be traversed on ■ foot— 9ooo
feet' straight upward and several miles
by ,the. roundabout courses which they
were compelled to follow. The party
pressed upward from this base camp,
day after day, often driven back by the
cold and by exhaustion, but persistent
I in their attempts, until they were final
' ly successful in reaching the summit.
The .worst difficulties which they met
• were in breathing, in preparing food
and in sleeping. ..':.._-■ > ,\ :~
"At one of our high altitude camps,"
: said Mr. FitzGerald, "I undertook to
light a fire, but at this altitude It was
not an easy task. . We had to use quan
tities of paper and kindling and then
succeeded in getting only a faint blaze.
There was no way of | obtaining water
except by the . melting of snow or ice.
Mr,. Vines, my companion, went to col
lect the snow Just back of the tent,
while I gave myself to the exhausting
, work of blowing the smoldering wood
into a flame, filling my lungs with
smoke while they were craving oxygen.
I thought that Vines had been gone a
long time,' and upon looking up I saw
him perched on a narrow ledge, back of
the tent. Presently he arose with great
difficulty and came toward the. fire.
The tent was held down by numerous
guy-ropes fastened at the end with
stones, it being impossible to drive
stakes into the hard surface vof the
mountain. I watched -Vines : painfully
raise one ' leg over the , first rope, then
stop breathlessly, exhausted. Then he
lifted, his leg over the next . one and
,again paused to rest. And so he pro
ceeded until he reached the fire. yl. think
it must have taken him fully 10 minutes
to walk a dozen yards. ; Indeed, ,we had
difficulty in keeping the guy-ropes", of
our tent adjusted, owing -to - the - fact
that we could;? not lift •. our feet high
enough to get over them.
"We had brought the necessary light,
nourishing foods, such as are given to
invalids, In our commissary depart
ment, but frequently we could not eat
*¥£» J*HSs_ flux packs ;: contained *
THE SAH FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, yOYEMBEB 6, 1898.
stroy the orange pest. He went to
Australia, but had not money enough
to go Inland, so he went to work in the
Botanical Gardens of Sydney. Soon he
had saved up some money and theu
went inland and lived among the
"black fellows" for months.
He knew what trees the scale would
be sure to live on and the only trouble
was to find the tree.
He started a hatchery at once, and
tried breeding the different insects, so
as to study them.
At last he discovered the California,
scale, the orange pest. He watched It
to see what parasite would feed on it.
He discovered that It had more than
one enemy. Which one could best b«
taken to California was the problem.
Under his "house tree," for Professor
Koerbele lived just as the black na
tives do out of doors, he experimented.
His neighbors came and sat like black
statues, at a little distance, watching
everything. They became interested
and gave a great deal of assistance, for
the savage is a master of woodcraft.
But none of the parasites the pro
fessor discovered seemed to thrive well.
One day a big black bushman, who
had been sitting on his haunches, mo
tionless, as only a savage can sit, be
gan to lose some of his calm. As he
watched Professor Koerbele looking
into his hatchery, where a good many
of his best specimens were dead in spite
of his care, the black fellow became too
excited to keep quiet any longer.
"Boss, poor fellow me, poor fellow
me."
bottle of port wine mixed with egg, a
bottle of red wine, brandy, coffee and
kola biscuits, besides our instruments
and extra helmets, gloves and sweat
ers — about seventeen pounds to the
man. We found the port wine and egg
the most suitable for our use, although
we could not always keep even that on
our stomachs. We tried to heat cof
fee over a Russian furnace, in which
spirits of wine were burned, but we
nearly always found it difficult to get
the water to boil, and once the whole
furnace blew up with a terrific report,
sprinkling us with boiling spirits of
wine, and nearly blindiner us. Several
nights we went to bed sick, owing to
the impossibility of getting warm food.
Few people can appreciate the terrible
despondency which follows such an ex
perience.
"During the entire trip in the higher
altitude I suffered most acutely from
nausea, and from the inability to catch
my breath, my throat being so dry from
continued breathing through the
mouth that I was obliged very often
to cough. This would stop my breath
ing and end in an unpleasant fit of
choking. Even our most seasoned
guides were overcome frequently. One
night one of our Swiss porters, a pow
erful mountaineer named Loehmatter,
fell 111 with terrible nausea and faint
nees, and we had to let him suffer,
there being no way of relief.
"But eating . was only ; one '^ of i. our
troubles. - Bleeping: ■ was ' even. a greater,
difficulty. Our tent had af, peaked;
roof three and a | half feet fj from .-•, .: the
ground, and the floor ' was , securely
sewn to the sides," so as to prevent jthV
wind from getting under It. When all
of us were In It we were compelled to
lie close; . together, and . when one of us.
turned every man in the : ; party . was
awakened. The tent was air tight, and
before ; morning ' the r air < often 1 grew ' so
stuffy and foul that we could scarcely
, breathe, i and yet we dared not open, the
flap ' for fear of : the intense ! cold. ' An
other ; really \ serious difficulty ■ was the
roar of snoring which went up from the
sleepers. j A man could not get enough
oxygen by breathing through • the : nose,
and; when ;he was asleep ;he natuarally
allowed his mouth to drop ; . open. X: The
result was one prolonged and dread
ful snore, which kept us all ' awake by "
turns. During several nights Ido not
think I slept more than an hour or two,
and that : toward morning, when " . we
should have been \on the road upward.
Often when )we ■: " crawled 'i< out I in ', • the
morning the cold seemed absolutely un
endurable. > I -have seen our .' men ; J sit
£22.% SS&&3 like, cb4iqr.en; so djscour..
"Tes, you are a poor fellow."
"No this Ilk© Jesus Christman.**
He pointed excitedly to Professor
X.'s hat, a green-lined tile.
"Tes."
"No good you,** and he pointed con
temptuously to tl» dead bugs.
"You know 7" queried Professor
Koerbele.
•'You bet, heap you bet! Oh, bosa
eat. No good then.**
"Can you show me "bow eatr
"Poor fellow me, poor fellow me,
whined the native, eying the scientist s
hat longingly.
"Will some tobacco dor* Professor
Koerbele had no other hat and was a
good way from town. The black fellow
grinned to his ears.
"Good fellow you, good fellow you.
You follow me. I show you."
For nearly twenty miles he followed
the man. The bushman did not seem
to take any bearings or even watch
the sun. He knew what he was after,
however, and at the end of the trip he
pointed out a tree to the professor.
The "boss eat" had made the scale
very scarce, but it was there, and so
BROUGHT FROM EGYPT TO KILL THE
CUT-WORMS.
aged were they by the terrible rigor of
the climate and the Inability to sleep
or eat.
"While Mr. Vines and the guide were
making the attempt on the summit of
Aconcagua they encountered most ter
rible perils. r' ; > They were nearly. 22,500
feet above, the level of the sea. and they
were iso worn iby lack of sleep and loss
of food that they were in no mood to
cope with the difficulties : of the trail.
Vines told me , that , he ;. was oppressed
with' an I almost i irresistible desire : to
turn , and run < back, and when they
halted : they dared ,not i remain long in
one c place owing to the ; overpowering
; lassitude that seized upon their lower
linibs and numbed them so '. they -,' dis
trusted their ability to - return. ; Vines
finally devised the scheme of . resting
while standing. : He and the guides
spread -■ their legs ; wide -, apart, grasped
the top of their ice .axes, which were
firmly rested" on the ground in front,
and | leaned forward until their heads
rested on their hands. In this position
they t gasped violently ten or twelve
times, finally securing enough oxygen
to supply them for a few more steps.
It was « curious ; how ,< the " lack : of . air
seemed to affect their ability to move.
As i soon . as their lungs were well filled
the ■. sensibility < came back to \ their legs
and they were able to , walk again. ;;•
' "During one of the -trips I remained
behind, and when Vines and the guide
returned 5 that evening I ; could i hardly
recognize the two men, so .terribly worn
and exhausted did they look. Vines tot
tered and shook as if recovering from
a long ti\ of \ : . fever- His v beard ■ .; and
mustache wefe -a * mass of ice frozen
hard ,to . his ; helmet. -;• He did not notice
my greetings or congratulations;" he
did not answer when I asked him if he
reached the ] summit. ;He ■ crawled into
the tent, hardly having strength to pull
his sleeping : bag .- over his * , shoulders,
such was his -3£i)BkiJmMfiSsg
■- ■ : ■ : :■ ■ . ■■ / , ■ .» . ]f. - ■
In- Chrna horses are >■ mounted ' on : the
d*% .BW9
Strange Way Jira Whiclh California's
Tinny Frait Pests are Destroyed by Science.
wai the little red ladybug which wa*
the ancestor of those who came to Cali
fornia to settle.
It la an insignificant little bug to
look at, quite like the clean little thing
children hold in their hands while sing
ing to it to "Fly away home, your
house Is on fire, your children will
burn."
At last the professor came home
with the ladybug and all her family
patfked in wet moss. He got the
steward to put the box in the great
Icehouse of the ship along with the
green vegetables and other eatables.
It was two years from the time that
Professor Koerbele had said he could
kill the scale in three years.
At Washington he prepared a hatch
ery and bred new ladybugs to get
them acclimated before they were
turned loose in California orchards.
His boast was not a vain one, for cot
tony cushion scale has very nearly dis
appeared in California.
"Now I have been working for five
years for the Hawaiian Government.
The coffee plant scale took me to Ha
waii. The plant grew well, but mlc*>
scopic scale came on the stems and
sucked the sap so the berries fell off.
"The Government sent for me to come
to Honolulu and offered me a good
salary while I was hunting for a para
site to destroy this scale. I knew the
scale and had brought some specimens
of It back with other things from New
Caledonia. I had been out there and
got acquainted with a man, a convict,
who went about with a ball chained to
his foot and his right arm chained to
his waist I did not like to see him
in that condition. He was a man who
was well educated and a great natural
ist. He could have done splendid work,
for he was an observing man. To save
time I wrote to the convict in New
Caledonia and described the scale. He
had worked some with me. He found
the parasite and sent it to me in the
larvae state on ice.
"I bred a great many, and now the
raising of coffee is next to sugar in the
islands in importance. Last year they
exported $22,000 worth, where five years
ago there was scarcely enough for
home use and that was very poor/ 1
"Now about my beetles. I think they
are the most Interesting part of my
collection. They are not pretty to look
a,t no?"
The scientist's eyes brightened at his
boxes of black beetles. He looks a very
young man when he Is talking. Any
one who lives with nature keeps "the
dew of his youth."
SOME OF THE BUGS THAT ARE SAVING THE STATE OF CALIFORNIA MILLIONS
OF DOLLARS ANNUALLY BY KILLING FRUIT PESTS.
TRAGIC FATE OF A NIECE OF HOHENLOHE.
Married flgainst the Wishes of Her Royal Relatives and Misfortune Followed H«r
Daughter to a Suicide's End Irj Detroit.
Special to th« Sunday Call.
IN a garret situated in the poorer
quarter of the city of Detroit,
Mich., va» found on Tuesday, No
vember 1, the dead body of a mid
dle-aged woman. On a table by
her side was a letter In which the lady,
after declaring her intention of com
mitting suicide, divulged many Inter
esting and pitiful particulars of her
birth and life.
She had been most reserved In her
conduct toward her neighbors while an
occupant of the house, but some
thought she was of better birth than
her very ordinary situation would lead
one to believe. This opinion waa accen
tuated by her majestic appearance and
especially by the refinement and ele
gance of her manners. Nothing more
concerning her was known than that
her name was Amelia Sonnabend and
that she was a native of Germany.
The suspicions, however, of the
neighbors were verified by the contents
of the suicide's last testament
According to this document the de
ceased was a daughter of an eminent
German Princess and the niece of
Prince Clodwig Hohenlohe, the Im
perial Chancellor. The following par
ticulars of her birth and parentage are
furnished by a gentleman of this city,
who received them from the lips of the
suicide's mother:
The Princess Amelie Elizabeth was a
younger sister of Clodwig, Prince of
Hohenlohe-Schillingsfurst, Duke of
Ratibor and Corvey. As a young girl
she was very beautiful, and the charms
of her face and figure, combined with
the sunniest of characters, won her a
reputation which was not confined only
to the royal German courts.
As is the custom among the European
nobility the Princess was betrothed by
her parents, while yet very young, to
a certain Prince of Layn-Wittgenstein.
The sequel proves that the parents in
this case reckoned without regard of
the young lady's heart. As she grew
to the estate of young womanhood she
began to receive that education which
is considered essential to Buccess in
fashionable society.
Among her instructors was a certain
Richard Lauchert. a professor of art.
He was a man of most prepossessing
appearance, of unusual eloquence, com
bined with a suavity that one usually
attributes to the old cavaliers. Some
thing in him touched the girlish heart
of the young Princess. So eloquent
was her love that the professor could
not help but see that he had made
captive the heart of his fair and noble
pupil.
Not intimidated by the chasm that
is said to exlßt between blue and ple
beian blood Lauchert gave himself full
liberty to show that he, too, had been
smitten.
"Look at the heads of the beetles.
Every one has a shovel, you see. This .
big one I got in Egypt and the smaller
ones in Mexico."
The big one was nearly as large as
a hen's egg and black and hard. The
others were half the size and smaller.
"These beetles kill the cut worm and
the horned fly," he went on to explain.
"In Hawaii the cattle are driven mad
and to their death by a small pestifer
ous fly. A gentleman who has a range
of 72,000 acres and well stocked sent
for me.
" 'Can't you get rid of this fly?' he
asked.
"I studied the fly and watched its
habits. I found that its eggs were al
ways laid in fresh manure.
"Out in Egypt I spent hours watch
ing this big beetle. He would discover
some manure. Then he would some
how call his friends, for they would
come running. Then each would set
to work and roll up a ball bigger than
himself. He would push it along back
ward till he came to his hole, push it
in and then hurry back for more till
the last bit had been carried away and
buried. Thus they prepare the places
to lay their eggs and they breed all the
year.
"Now you see this exactly was what
I wanted. I went to Egypt and got my
beetles and turned them loose. Nearly
all the horned files are cleaned out of
Hawaii now because they have nothing
to lay their eggs in.'"
"And the cut worms?" I asked
"The cutworms Uave been so bad in
the islands that the people could raise
very few vegetables.
"I brought some toads from Mexico
and frogs from Egypt." The professor
laughed and I was sure there was
something funny connected with the
toads or frogs.
"You know the Hawaiians are very
simple and they had never been ac
customed to toads. They were terribly
afraid of them. The frogs, though, they
liked, because they sing so sweetly.
They are very fond of hearing the frogs
sing. They proved more useful for
their music though than to eat cut
worms. I tried the beetles and they
were much better. All beetles, though,
are not alike. There is the Japanese
beetle." He went to his pile of boxes
and took out one.
"Here is the Japanese beetle from his
eggs up. 'The beetles are eating all
the roses, the beetles have eaten all the
flowers, the beetles are killing the
young trees, the beetles are attacking
the sugar cane. Why don't you kill the
Fever has been imitated by swallow
ing tobacco, the tongue whitened by
chalk and th« cheeks heated by rub
bing. The appearance of ulcers is ob
tained by gluing a piece of the skin of,
a frog to the parts supposed to be af
fected and keeping it moist with red
dye and water. Genuine ones are cre
ated by the use of corrosives, and their
healing prevented by the application of
Irritants.
Making the nose bleed, pricking the
gums to show actual spitting of blood,
eating roughly powdered glass to pro
duce internal hemorrhage, making soap
pills for epileptic frothing at the mouth,
which was exerted by her relatives the
Princess finally resolved to wed the
plebeian. Thereby she sacrificed all
rights to name and title, to wealth and
lifelong friends for the humble position
of a wife of a poverty- harassed pro
fessor. On the last day of April of 1857
she becar -» Mrs. Lauchert.
Years v. poverty and distress fol
lowed her action. Her brother, Prince
Clodwig, who is one of the richest men
AMELIA SONNABEND, Daughter of a Ger
man Prince»s and Niece of Clodwig
Hohenlohe, Imperial Chancellor.
From a photograph.
in the whole of Germany, waa appealed
to in vain.
Children came to the pair, and among
these waß a daughter, Amelia, who was
born in 1858. It is she who died by her
own hand on these foreign Bhores.
It was a most unusual and interest
ing sight to the passers-by to see the
high-born mother wheeling her little
child about on the streets of the city of
Gotha, where the professor had taken
up his abode. Apparently there was
no difference between her and the com
mon folks that Jostled her.
In time the young Amelia grew up a
perfect image of her mother. She had
two brothers, one a lieutenant of the
Nineteenth Field Artillery, who is still
stationed at Erfurt, near Gotha, and
who now supports his widowed mother
on his meager pay; the other is a for
beetles r Every one- in nawaii com
plained to me.
"Now in Japan this beetle breeds only
twice a year, >ut in Hawaii it breeds
every six weeks. They were increasing
in Hawaii and destroying everything—
bugs. Insects and vegetation. They
were very ravenous and destructive.
"I watched those hungry beetles. I
said to myself. What can I do? Nothing
eats them and they eat everything. I
thought of it daytimes and dreamed
about beetles at night.
"Then I went to Japan. The beetles
come out at night. I, too, was out at
night. I was getting discouraged,
when one morning I carried a dead
beetle home. He had tiny red specks
on him. Next day in his joints came
a kind of cotton, and next day this cot
ton was green. I put a beetle in with
the dead one and I found he got the
red spots and was dead. I was too
glad to think, but I put in a handful
of beetles. They all got the tiny red
spots and died. I can show you one."
Under a microscope I could detect
tiny red spots.
"It is a fungus," continued th« pro
fessor in explanation. "We have never
heard of it before. Nothing has ever
been written of it and w© cannot re
produce it except in the one way. There
is a spore or Beed and it always kills
the beetles."
"Sort of a microbe?"
"That is Just what it ia. It produces
a disease which la always fatal to ths
beetles.
"Of course I took the dead beetles
back to Hawaii and inoculated live
ones, which I set free over the islands.
Soon dead beetles were everywhere.
Now the Japanese beetle is of little
consequence in Hawaii."
"How about the San Jose scale?"
"It can be destroyed. They have
parasites to kill It, but not enough.
They ought to breed the parasites
faster.
"Five years ago there were so many
that not much grew on the islands ex
cept sugar cane. I have not left one
enemy of vegetation in Hawaii* now."
HELEN GBAY.
"There's something decidedly original
about that Miss Le Claire, the new star,"
"Is that so? I hadn't noticed it."
"Then you are not very observing. She
doesn't claim that she belongs to air old
and aristocratic Southern family.-" .
Not long ago a Frenchman died, and a
clause in his will sets forth his desire to
be conveyed to his last resting place in
a motor car arranged as a hearse.
feigning insanity and lying rigid to
simulate catalepsy are tricks familiar
to prison officials.
Even doctors may sometimes be de
ceived by impostors, who display so
much ingenuity in the art of deception.
Those who gorge shellfish for the
sake of getting nettlerash. who put stuff
in their eyes to inflame them and even
thrust a needle down to the lids of the
eye to get a cataract furnish a few of
the forms of imposition resorted to at
times, either to evade punishment or to
escape military service. Such decep
tions are known to have been kept up
through fearful ordeals of torture with
ter cause.
and a continual source of pain to his
gray-haired mother.
In course of time Amelia was wooed
and won by a young actor, Ernest Son
nabend. The marriage occurred at
Hildburghausen, In Thuringia, a most
historic spot. Sonnabend was attached
to the theater of the Duke George of
Saxe-Meiningen, and was a young man
of most promising talent. Unfortu
nately, previous to his marriage he had
led the usual actor's life and had run
rather deeply Into debt. After his mar
riage, finding himself unable to satisfy
hia creditors, he resolved to escape
them by leaving the country. His wife,
Amelia, left her parents and her native
land with him, never again to see Its
beloved shores The young pair came
to New York, where they believed a
newer and happier life was In store for
them.
After battling with the language Son
nabend sought a position on the boards
at all the theaters of the metropolis,
but his efforts proved unavailing. Fi
nally he relinquished his favorite call
ing and sought to earn bread for him
self and wife by some other means.
He became a solicitor for German
books and periodicals and thereby
managed to exist. In 18D4 he died of
consumption at a pubiic hospital, leav
ing Amelia, his wife, and his three
daughters with hardly any means to
battle for themselves in a strange land
and among strange people. The unfor
tunate lady succeeded in living fr ira
hand to mouth up to the present year,
but misfortune upon misfortune over
whelmed her, and she determined to
end her life.
And so it is the body of a niece of one
of Germany's millionaires, the daughter
of a Princess of the bluest blood of the
empire, will be buried in the potter's
field and a wooden slab will be the
fragile depository of her sad life his
tory.
Last March, says La Nature, we no
ticed a memoir by Waltemath of Ham
burg, in which he ...vnounced the ex
istence of a second moon revolving
about the earth, and perhaps about the
first moon. This moon has been seen,
it was said, at Wiesbaden on Febru
ary 5 and seen in China by three Ger.
man officers, but names and dates were
not given, perhaps for good reason. It
was to pass again over the sun's disk
on July 30 or about that time. We do
not expect to hear of a serious obser
vation of this new celestial body But
this is not all.
The English Mechanic, for July 29.
tells us that a third moon, larger than
the second, should pass over the sun
also about July 30. We have to do, de
cidedly, with a whole crowd of luna
tics. We should not be surprised to
learn soon that, with a telescope of fee
ble power and a powerful imagination,
certain persons have seen the second
and third moons. Being in such a fair
way of discovery they may be able to
endow th« earth with "five satellites like
Jupiter, or with eight like Saturn. LetHENRY J. DECKER Trying to Win His Wager.
From a photograph by Fowzer.
BEGGIN"? is a profitable industry
if you go at it properly.
So says Henry J. Decker, who
it is to be presumed knows what
he is talking about. At any rate
Decker tried the plan and came out
several dollars ahead. He is now an
enthusiastic advocate of begging.
Decker is a well-known and well-to
do man-about town, ready at any time
to enter into a good joke and to make
a bet on anything.
In telling of his begging experience
Decker said:
"My brother-in-law is the possesor of
a fine hand-organ which he values very
highly, for it occupies a prominent
niche in his museum of old relics. It
was out of order and he asked me to
have it fixed. "While I was in the store
discussing its internal complaints with
the instrument mender a party of
friends sauntered in.
"Seeing me discussing the organ on
the sick list they bfgan having a good
deal of fun at my expense. They de
manded to know when I was going into
the organ-grinding business.
SOME months ago a famous
Oriental wrestler came to this
country and challenged any man
in America to throw him. He
went under the title of Ismalel
Yousouf, the "Terrible Turk."
and relied as much upon his ability to
frighten his opponent by his terrible
facial contortions a.; upon his knowl
edge of the art. After several encoun
ters with a number of our well-known
wrestlers he took passage for Europe on
the ill-fated steamer L>a Bourgogne,
which sank after a collision on the
banks of Newfoundland. Yousouf was
drowned, because, it was stated, he had
Incnmbered himself with a large belt
filled with gold coins.
Another Turkish wrestler has recent
ly come to this country to win fame
and American dollars. He is said to be
an undefeated champion in his own
land. His manager and backer, An
tonio Pierri. says that he defeated
Yousouf at Adrianupolis in 1893, in a ter
rible struggle which lasted four hours.
People who have seen Yousouf will re
call the Tieculiar way he leaned forward
and clawed the air with his baboon
like arms and gathered in his adversary
as does the spider the flies that come
within its web. But Yousouf could
not get his hands on Halil and hold
him there. Yet he tried; tried so hard
and valiantly that a great red blotch of
blood on the mat near the Sultan's win
dow in Turkey is still left as a stain
upon the record of Yousouf— -he who
went down with the ill-fated Bour
gogne with $SOOO in American gold
strapped to his waist.
The meeting between Tousouf and
Halil Is an odd story. It was at the
instigation of the Sultan that the two
great men met. Yousouf was the fa
vorite of his Majesty, and Halil Adali
was a carrier of pottery in the back
streets of Constantinople. Many of
the Sultan's friends had seen him bear
ing his load along the thoroughfares,
and it came to the ears of the ruler
that a mighty man of muscle was in
the city, and that he could lift a ton
and set it down again without breath
ing hard.
The Sultan, being weary of seeing
Tousouf cast wrestlers down» without
effort, sent for Halil. The two men
looked upon each other. Yousouf shook
his peanut-shaped head derisively and
strode away.
But the Sultan gave the sign for the
men to wrestle. Both stripped. The
two largest men in Turkey faced each
"After a time the topic of begging as
a profession came up. I maintained
that it was an easy and a profitable
case.
"One of the party wanted to bet me
520 that I couldn't go to the edge of
the sidewalk with my organ, put my
hat down, play a tune, and earn a dol
lar inside of aji hour.
"I snapped at his offer, for I thought
I kenw enough of human nature and
of begging as a profession here in San
Francisco to have a mortgage on that
twenty. Besides, I wanted to try the
novelty and have a new sensation.
"Inside of five minutes I was stand
ing on the edge of the sidewalk and
grinding out 'Trovatore' on that thing
of sound. Barring slipping a note now
and then, for, as I said before, the in
strument was on the sick list, it did
very well for a plea for pennies. Maybe
its jerky 'innards' lent an air of need
to the both of us.
"At any rate it started a chord of
sympathy in the crowd. It even touched
those callous, flinty-hearted, grinning
specimens of Darwinism who had sta
tioned themselves inside the musio
store to watch my artistic struggles to
other. The Sultan waived his nargala
stem and bade the giants engage.
Slowly they approached each other,
their long, active arms fanning the air
as they came nearer together. The
sneer still hovered around Yousouf's
lips. Halil smiled and bided his time.
Suddenly they locked, and Yousouf
threw his right arm under and over
Halil's neck to administer the strangle
hold. Whisk! Halil was free again.
Once more they crept unon each other,
and Yousouf embraced his foe with re
newed energy. There was a twist, a
loud smack, as Yousouf's hands slipped
off -again, and then a quick return.
Like mountains they crashed together
once more, and from Haiti's neck flew
his precious amulet, which Yousouf in
his rage had ripped from his oppo
nent's throat.
It rolled along the mat under the Sul
tan's window, and the smile went out of
Halil's eyes. If? was then that Yousouf
found he had met his match, for Halil,
with his arms open and his great chest
heaving, wrapped Yousouf around the
waist and, locking his arms behind him.
let forth all his strength. An ashen
wave swept up the body of Yousouf. his
eyes bulged and with a moan he sank
down as a torrent of blood gushed from
his set lips. Halil dropped the limp
form, and after picking up his amulet
salamed low before the Sultan. It was
enough. Yousouf was done for. Halil
became the_ Sultan's favorite.
Halil Adali does not prides himself so
much upon his great strength, which
was Yousouf's boast, but upon his skill.
Pie told me, through his manager, that
since victory over Yousouf five years
ago he has met and defeated every
wrestler of prominence in Turkey. His
record includes victories over Panali. a
giant of the Sultan's house guards,
whose back h a claims to have broken
in a public encounter; Aner Malcou
souf. a gigantic Armenian; Kara O
man, Felix Nola, Ibrahim, and Kara
Ahmet, all prominent wrestlers of the
palace. Adali was waiting for another
chance at the "Terrible Turk' when
news arrived of his untimely taking off.
Having conquered all rivals in his na
tive land ho was easily persuaded to
seek new fields in America.
Adali's special patron is Achmet
Pasha, a well known general in the
Ottoman army. This officer gave him
permission to leave Turkey for nine
months, after which time he must again
return to wrestle for the amusement of
the Pasha, or be cast into prison for
overstaying Ms furlough.
Adali wears his national costume and
is an extremely picturesque figure in
baggy blue breeches drawn tight round
the calves and ankles, a broad maroon
sash and short blue jacket. On his head
is perched the regular maroon fez sur
rounded by a multi-colored tur
ban, which he .wears .with a
THE SAN FRAN CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOYEMBEB 6, 1898.
GROUND A HAND ORGAN OH THE STREET
TO PROVE
That Begging as a Profession Pays.
Henry J. Decker, a well-known man about town, got Into c discussion with several friends over an
old question: "Does Begging Pay?" Mr. Decker said it did. A friend declared Just as stoutly
that It did not. To settle the dispute a wager was made, end Mr. Decker took his stand with
an organ on the pavement. Inside of an hour he had collected $4 50 and won his wager.
capture that twenty with a wheezy
hand organ.
"One of them came out and In a
melodramatic tone said: 'Poor fellow,
too bad, too bad. It's a sad sight to see
a man like you reduced to such pitiful
struggles to earn pennies. Where's
your monkey? He might earn more
than you at this business.'
"I took hie nickel, but I didn't say
anything. I felt confident I would have
my turn at the chaffing when the hour
was up.
" 'What's the matter with him?' asked
one bystander, as he reached into his
pocket foT a coin.
" 'Blind,' said one of the quizzers,
coming from the music store. .
" 'Deaf and dumb,' said another.
" 'Crippled,' suggested a third.
" 'Supporting several relatives and a
brood of children.' said a fourth. They
could chaff all right, but it forced them
to drop a few coins.
"The jingle of the coins and the ex
cuse for 'Trovatore' mingled their
notes, but the other bystanders evi
dently did not like the sound, for they
refrained from dropping any money. I
stopped rattling the coins and bent all
my energies toward making the organ
squeak.
" 'How are they coming? 1 called out
one of the boys from the music store*
" 'Slower than cold molasses running
up hill,' I replied. For, save the coins
the boys themselves had given me,
nary a penny jingled in the cup. My
arm begj.n to ache and I wished the
hour was up. I covertly glanced at a
clock near by. I had been there just
twenty minutes and had just 20 cents.
'"Hope was fast slipping away, when
I heard a voice pipe in childish treble:
'Oh, mamma; give the poor man a
nickel. He looks so tired.'
" 'Tired!' snapped the mother; 'he
THE "SULTAN'S LION" HAS COME TO THIS COUNTRY
Defeated 'The Terrible Turk" in the Orient, and Now He Has Challenged the Wrestlers
of America.
His
Wonderful
Feats
of
Strength
Have
Astonished
■ Scientists
• of
European
Countries.
ought not to be, grinding away at that
thing. Let him go to work.'
"They passed on and with them per*
ished my last hope. I succumbed to
that tired feeling.
"1 have heard Trovatore* many
times and in many climes. I have
heard It In Rome, in Vienna, in Paris,
In London. I have even enjoyed it at
the Tivoli. But until I stood on the
corner of Kearny and Sutter streets, in
the role of organ grinder, I never thor
oughly appreciated that there are times
when 'Trovatore* becomes unbearable.
"I used to believe that It was the best
of Verdi's operas. Now I think it is
the worst. In fact, I believe It is the
worst opera that was ever written. If
you don't believe it, grind it out on a
hand organ for an hour and be con
vinced.
"Time was when I liked tenor voices.
Time was when I thought the most
beautiful song for the tenor voice was
the dungeon song, 'Non te scordar dl
me.' Ino longer think so— l abomi
nate 'Trovatore,' I abominate tenors, I
abominate above all the detestable
strain, 'Non te scordar di me!'
"I consigned Verdi, 'Trovatore,' hand
organ and wagers to purgatory. Much
good'lt did me, for I sizzled in the sun
and gazed at 20 cents and ground that
Invention of the devil— a hand organ.
"The boys came out and jollied me
along. They invited me to a banquet,
the viands to be purchased with my
$20. Then they departed In a body for
liquid refreshments, leaving me to my
fate.
"I think I fell a dreaming, when I
suddenly heard a gentle voice say, 'My
good man, take this,' and a shining
quarter fell in the cup. She was a lit
tle old lady, and she peered at me over
her spectacles with a look of commis
eration. I felt like a rascal. 'How
have you come to this? You look re
spectable,' she asked.
"I was rattled. Perhaps because I
was not used to being called respecta
ble. I told her I had a wife and ten
children; then forgot and said I was
alone in the world and sick. So I had
to kill on* the wife and children. I for
get whether I burned them or con
signed them to a watery grave. In
fact, in the course of my remarks I
committed arson, murder, bigamy,
matricide, fratricide and all the other
'cides' on the list of crimes. My story
was so lucid that, as the old lady
walked off, I heard her say, 'Poor man,
he's crazy.' I had already come to
the conclusion that I was a blooming
Idiot, so her remark did not discon
cert me.
"Five cents, 10 cents, another and
yet another 5. My spirits rose 40 de
grees. I was really doing a thriving
business. It all came at once, and
when hope had wpII nigh entirely fled.
The old lady had been the mascot. 1
counted my hard earned money. Just
70 cents and there were only ten min
utes lacking of the stipulated hour.
Trade would have to be pretty brisk If
I was to win that $20.
"A young woman turned the corner.
She was a swapper looking girl, correct
as to collars, ties and cuffs. I eyed her
and failed to see in her any sign of a
prospective donator. My eye had al
ready become trained to the possibili
ties of the passers by.
sne naa a long string, at me ena or
which waddled a fat pug. I overlooked
the pug, thought there was no money
in him. And the pug overlooked me,
but the music seemed to strike his
fancy. He stood upon his hind legs
and commenced to antic in a manner
that recalled the Midway. ' Here, Pet;
stop,' said his mistress. But Pet
thought otherwise. He tugged at the
string and commenced anew the per
formance. The girl dropped the string
and took refuge in the musjc store. The
little fat poodle commenced anew the
canine 'hula hula.' The music was
not exactly appropriate, but the dog
did not seem to mind. Neither did the
crowd that collected. They helped him
out by whistling.
'T. have seen that dance many times,
and have never particularly admired it.
I do now. I consider it the finest dance
on earth.
"I have known many pug dogs. I
never thought much of them. I do now.
They're the finest dogs that ever hap
pened.
"While Pet was still dancing I passed
around the hat. Coins jingled merrily.
I elanced at the clock. The hour was
just up. I grabbed the dog. He dis
liked my interference and snarled and
snapped at me viciously. I did not
mind. He might have bitten off a fin
ger and I should have still been grate
ful to him. He had saved my money
and my self respect. For you hate to
make a fool of yourself and lose be
sides. Winning takes the edge off
the foolishness.
" 'Let him give us some said
some one. But I thought they had re
ceived enough for their money. So I
held on to the dog, who was doing the
Soroe of the CoQtributors to Decker's SilK Hat.
wiggle-wiggle to escape my clutch.
"The crowd eyed me wonderingly to
see what I was going to do next. I
disappeared into the music store as fast
as I could.
"I gave Pet back to his mistress. She
received him in stony silence. I tried
to explain, but she swept out of the
store without deigning to listen to me.
I bear her no malice. God love her
as the owner of 'Pet.'
"I felt pretty small when I looked at
the money and reflected that some of it
was taken from people who could ill
afford it. There was just four dollars
and forty-five cents in my headgear.
Pretty good for an hour's work, eh?
"What did I do with the money? I
collected that $20 on the spot and took
It home with me, and now it's d.oing
a certain charity ail the good it can.
At least I hope so. What tickles me,
though, is that I've convinced those
know-alls with $20 pieces to bet that
San Francisco Is a good field for an en
terprising and intelligent beggar. Four
dollars and a half in one hour is good
wages for such work."
In the rooms of the Society of Anti
quaries, Burlington House, may just
now be seen, says the St. James' Bud
get, some of the finds made last year
by the explorers on the site of the Ro
mano-British town of Calleva, in the
parish of Silchester, which is about ten
miles from Reading, England. The
archaeological value of the relics is
greats At Burlington House one sees
three venerable casks. Fifteen hun
dred years ago they held Italian wine.
Claims
to
Be Able
to Do
Things
That No
Man
Has
Ever Done
Before.
Some probes and other surgical instru
ments show that ancient Roman ideas
on the form of such things were very
like those of modern Englishmen. Then
there are a fine bronze necklet and an
eagle's head of the same metal from
the top of a Romano-British staff.
There are a few fragments of Samian
pottery. The value of these potsherds
lies in the clearness with which the
maker's name still appears on them.
There is a piece of imitation Samian
"marble" which formerly decorated a
mantel-piece. A stone jar. standing
conspicuously in the middle of the
room, is supposed to have been used a3
a store pot. It was found unbroken,
built into the wall <>f a house. The col
lection also includes well-preserved
portions of querns, fragments of flint
glass, pestles and mortars.
rakish tilt. His hair is cropped
snort. He is 6 feet 2 inches in
height and weighs 225 pounds when
in condition, though when I saw him he
was considerably above that figure, ow
ing tfl enforced idlenesss on board ship.
He has, however, secured training
quarters in a gymnasium and is rapidly
rounding into shape. His chest meas
urement is 47 inches, his waist 36 inches
and his 21 inches. The circum
ference of his neck is 19 inches, and he
measures 17^2 inches around the biceps.
Adali is a very good natured sort of a
fellow, and seems anxious to meet op
ponents. He has issued a challenge, of
fering to wrestle any one. He haa
brousrht money to America with him
and is ready to back himself for $1000.
He has come here to wrestle such
men as Jenkins and Roeber and any
one else who cares to take him at his
own game. With him js Antonio Pierri,
who escorted him from the land of tha
crescent, whence Pierri himself comes.
Already a match has been made with
Tom Jenkins, who is regarded as one of
America's best wrestlers. Jenkins is a
much smaller man than the Turk, but
is possessed of marvelous skill, and has
a sort of courage that not even the ter
rible Halil can choke out of him.
Leo C. Teller, Haiti's American man
ager, says he has had several private
exhibitions with Halil in the leading
role, and give 3it as his opinion that
there is no man living on this side of
the sea who can handle him at all.
"He is as quick as a cat," said Teller,
"and for vast and comprehensive vari
ety of tricks he Is a wonder. I doubt if
our American wrestlers know as many
deft movements as he does. I have
never witnessed such dexterity in a big
man in my life, and if he ever gets an,
opponent's head below his waist he will
make it so uncomfortable for him that
the unfortunate man finding himself in
that position will do some active work
trying to get out of it."
Halil has a marvelous appetite, and
eats six meals a day. He does not use
any sort of liquor, except beer, and
that in small quantities. He is an in
cessant cigarette smoker and drinks
about two gallons of lemonade a day.
His Sultan has promised him much
freedom of action and large gifts if he
comes back to Turkey with a clean
record.
Adali is a native of Adrianapolis and
is of a family the male members of
which have been famous wrestlers for
many generations. During the time
when the Sultan and his court are
away from Constantinople and Adali
is not required to be on duty he lives
at his country' villa, high up in the Bal
kan Mountains. I asked his manager
how many wives he had, for, contrary
to the teachings of the Koran, many
wealthy Mussulmans practice polyga
my.
"Only one (wife," was the reply. "I
told you he was a very sensible man,"
and I thought I detected the faintest
suggestion of* a twinkle in Pierri's eye
as he said this.
Adali has one son, a boy of 5, of
whom he is very fond, and whom he
intends to train to be a wrestler. Adali
wanted to bring the little fellow to
America with him, but was dissuaded
from doing so.
It is the custom in Turkey to call the
famous wrestlers by some special title
or nickname. Adali's is the "Sultan's
Lion."
He says that he is willing to meet
American wrestlers at any style, Greco-
Roman and catch-as-catch-can pre
ferred. Should he be successful in his
engagement here it is his intention to
make a tour of India. Many of the
nizams, rajahs and maharajahs of that
country keep wrestlers and strong men
just as is the custom in Turkey. Halil
thinks he could make lots of money and
have a pretty easy thing of it against
most of them. He may also make a
trip to Japan, where there are many
experts, for wrestling is the national
sport of the Land of the Chrysanth«
8BEB?
2122
GREATEST ELECTRIC POWER IN THE WEST
southero California's Electric Lght ar>d Trolley Power as It Will
Furr)isr;ed by the Eiggest Plant ir> the West. !
Section .of. Clause Spseck«ls'
Building Showing Floors and
One of the High Speed Ele
vators. »
N & DflY TiiiS ELEVATOR R.UNS fIS F^K AS ThlE TRAINS THAT GO f-'KOM SflN JrK^NCISCO TO SAC^AItNTO fIND 7f r<OM i>AN f^ANCiSCOSTO SANTA CRUZ— 9O MILE?,
Rivers of San Bernar-
dino Being Harnessed to
Control One of the Largest
Electric Plants in the Country.
POWER CARRIED EIGHTY MILES.
WITHIN the next two weeks
one of the greatest pieces of
electrical, engineering In the
United States will be In
working order In Southern
California. It is the very largest plant
at Its kind In the world, and so vast are
the works, so stupendous the undertak
ing, that it seems incomprehensible
how It was all accomplished.
To be brief, the turbulent Santa Ana
River has been harnessed. Miles of
tunnels have#been bored through solid
xock, gigantic dams have been built
and tons of electrical machinery hauled
into position over some of the rough
est mountain trails in the State. Small
towns have sprung into existence in a
dozen places. The mountain stillness
of ages has been broken, and now the
whir of turning wheels fills the air.
The result of all this work is that
Los Angeles, eighty miles away, will
be lighted with electricity and supplied
with all needed power for street car 9
and industries. Incidentally, light and
power will be distributed to all the
:owns and cities along the way. The
plant out in the mountains at the head
if the San Bernardino Valley will dc
.•clop about 10,000 horse power, and this
is all to be distributed among the sur
rounding valleys. And after doing all
this work the water then plunges on
and irrigates the fertile acres In
the valleys below.
To supply all the electricity necea
sary for a city of over 100,000 popula
tion in these days of electric lighting,
electric traveling and transportation,
and its almost limitless use in the mul
tiform industries of civilized life, is a
great undertaking, but that is what the
Southern California Power Company
has set out to do for Los Angeles. This
enterprise was conceived by Mr. H. H.
Sinclair, manager of the Redlands
Electric Light and Power Company,
about three years ago, and is the di
rect outcome of the success of that
company in supplying Colton and Riv
erside with electric light and power.
While in the quest of more power
for that almost wholly local enterprise
he decided that practicable and profit
able use could be made of all the flow
of the Santa Ana Canyon at the head
of the San Bernardino Valley, at a
point where it is joined by Bear Creek.
He filed upon the flow of both streams,
which averages about 5000 Inches of
water, and made it the basis of this
larger and more important electrical
project. Mr. Sinclair associated in it
Mr. Henry Fisher, the multi-million
aire who made Redlands his home at
about that time, and active steps were
at once taken to determine the practi
cability of the scheme from an engi
neering, electrical and business point
of view.
The most serious problem that had
to be settled, and upon which the busi
THE SAltf FRANCSICO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
ness success of the enterprise depend
ed, was the reduction of the loss in
transmission to a minimum.
The water, in order to secure the re
quisite fall, -must necessarily be carried
through mountains of solid granite
for a distance of four miles. The trial
test of the transmission of 33,000 volts
of electricity, having a working effi
ciency of 4000 horsepower, a distance of
eighty miles, Is a matter of vast impor
tance to the business and scientific
world. Thia is to be done with a loss
of only 10 per cent, and if entirely suc
cessful will be the greatest and most
practically important electrical
achievement to date.
The works of the Southern California
Power Company are*reached by driving
from Redlands. The power house is
about thirteen miles to the northeast.
Once in the canyon one sees enough to
make him forget the weariness result
ing from the incessant jolting of the
stage. On every hand is seen the water
developments that are the life of cer
tain portions of the valley below. Here
runs a well cemented ditch and there a
hugh wooden pressure pipe line carry
ing water up over a high bluff to thirsty
plains beyond. High up on the moun
tain side smooth white blazings show
the course of the Bear Valley Canal,
carrying water to far-away Alesandro.
Every few hundred feet is passed a
moss-grown spring and at one place
there spouts from a solid wall of gran
ite a stream of hot mineral water,
which falls into a basin below, in which
the weary traveler would fain take a
plunge. As the mountains become
more precipitous the canyon narrows,
and the stage crosses and recrosses the
Santa Ana River with the river surg
ing way up above the hubs. About
four miles of this and the power house
is reached, but with only a short stop
the journey is continued about four
miles farther to the terminus of the
mountain road. Between these two
points are four camps, where material
and tools are kept and where the hun
dreds of men employed on the flumes
and tunnels, far above the mountain
sides, eat and sleep. Some of the camps
contain half a dozen houses and havf»
the appearance of small villages. Then
at different vantage points are three
WRECKED On HAWAII IN 1829
Remarkable Story of AdVer\ hires /\rr\or\g the Natives by the
Only SurViVor of a Lost WKaler.
SALEM, Or., Nov. 4.— Horace Hol
den of this city is one of the
very first Americans who lived
In the Hawaiian Islands. Many
people put him first among all
white men who lived on any of the
Hawaiian group. Captain Cook ante
dated Mr. Holden forty-one years, but
Captain Cook never spent more than a
few weeks on either of his two visits in
the archipelago. The- story of the life
that Mr. Hc-lden led among his dusky
oaptora, the manner of his appearance
among the Hawaiians and his final es
cape from them are as interesting as
a chapter from "Robinson Crusoe" or
"Swiss Family Robinson."
Horace Holden is to-day a white
haired, feeble old gentleman. He has
lived quietly in Salem for thirty years.
But very few people who have met this
aged, quiet, modest man daily for years
on the streets here have had an Idea
what extraordinary experiences have
been his.
Mr. Holden was born In a little vil
lage in New Hampshire in June, 1810.
Q He is therefore over 88 years old. He
Be was a born sailor, and from his earliest
boyhood his dreams and aspirations
w#te all of the sea and life in strange
DAMMING A RIVER TO GET WATER POWER
cable hoists and one Incline railway,
used to carry men and material to the
line of operations. A ride in a bucket
up one of these cable hoists is pleasant
and exciting, but one needs good nerves
to travel 1300 feet in midair at an angle
of 45 or 60 degrees, especially when the
downward trip is made in about a min
ute. At other places are pumping sta
tions sending water above for the con
creting. One of these pumps is a hy
draulic ram, operated merely by the
force of the stream.
At a point in the canyon where tun
nel No. 1 opens the solid granite walls
are only 100 feet apart, while receding
back for several miles is an almost Hat
basin made by the junction of the two
valleys.
From the mouth of the first tunnel
to the pressure pipe line, which con
veys the water to the Pelton wheels in
the power-house, is a distance of four
miles, and the fall is only nine and
one-half feet to the mile. Of this three
and one-half miles is In eighteen tun
nels of varied length and the rest in a
few stretches of flumlng. The tunnels
are all four feet wide by six feet and
eight inches high. The roofs are
arched and where the formation of the
mountain is not sufficiently solid to
withstand the action of the water the
tunnels are lined with concrete a foot
in thickness. The sand which is liable
to wash into the tunnels is gotten rid
of by an immense sand box with two
compartments, which can be flushed
out alternately. It is located at the
end of the first tunnel. There is another
also at the end of the line so that not
a grain can reach the pressure pipes.
The power-house is a plain building,
130x40 feet in size, with a high steel
truss, corrugated iron roof. • The walls
are of concrete, two feet thick and be
pides supportjung the roof, hold up a
fifteen-ton traveling crane of the most
approved pattern. The power-house
and its furnishings do not strike one
Special to The Sunday Call.
lands across the broad ocean. One Oc
tober day in 1828, when he was 18, he
went on his first long voyage, sailing
on the famous old whaler the Mentor
out of the great port of New Bedford,
Mass.
The crew were all experienced whalers
and had been with the Mentor almost
from pole to pole in pursuit of wHale
oil and whalebone. Now they were
on. barked for a two years' voyage
around the Horn and up the north Pa
cific Coast. Young Holden eagerly ac
cepted the chance to see new parts of
the world. This was ten years before..
Richard Henry Dana sailed from New
Bedford and made the voyage so fa
mous his "Two Years Before the
Mast."
The? ship rounded the Horn in Janu
ary, 1829, and proceeded up the coast
toward the whaling fields in the north
Pacific. The voyage proceeded without
incident until one densely dark night,
May 21, 1529, the Mentor, while in a
terrific storm, was tossed upon a ledge,
which later was found to be an im
mense coral reef. The ship was
wrecked, everything on board was lost
and all the crew but two washed away
and drowned. In some unaccountable
way young Horace Holden and a fel
low sailor were carried to a bit of reef
Here Is an Elevator in the Claus
Spreckels Building That Runs Ninety
Miles a Day.
with their beauty, but they bespeak of
strength and permanence and the very
air seems to breathe of power.
To the right as you enter are three
small dynamos, called exciters, which
induce a current of electricity In the
magnets of the big dynamos, the first
step necessary to the generation of
electricity. The regular dynamos, four
in number, are set to the rear on the
opposite side. The machinery was
made after special designs prepared by
f). H. Ensign, by the General Electric
i "ornpany and the Pelton Water Wheel
L'ompany. Each complement of ma
chines is complete in itself, as each
dynamo Is driven by its own water
wheel, both being attached to the same
shaft. They rest on separate concrete
foundations, 16x20 feet, built up from
bedrock.
The generators are of an Improved
three-phase type, revolving field, ex
ternal armature, and each has a ca
pability of 1000 horsepower and gener
ates electricity at 750 volts. This is
conveyed to transformers, of which
there are twelve. In these machines a
wonderful transformation scene takes
place. The current of electricity enters
at 750 volts and comes out at 33,000
volts on a line of wire that has no con
nection with any dynamo. How is this
accomplished? Ask a^ electrician.
All the unscientific observer can say
is that in some mysterious way, in the
"step up" transformers, as they are
called, a secondary current of elec
tricity of high voltage is induced in an
entirely separate coil of wire by wind
ing it in close prorximity to a coil of
wire of lower voltage. The heat gen
erated in this transaction is so great
that a cold air blast is kept constantly
turned on the machine.
The electricity is now ready to be
sent on its way to Los Angeles. It has
a volume sufficient to do 4000 horse
power in work and as a horse-power
is denned as the force required to raise
16Vi tons one foot in one minute, one
can see that the power is capable of
moving many a ton of freight in the
electric cars of the southern metropolis.
The current also has a voltage of 33,000.
Voltage is explained as representing in
electricity what pressure does in water.
We know that the ordinary incan
descent system requires 110 volts, so
one would judge the voltage furnished
would light a great many homes in the
Ci>— of the Angels. Of course the
high pressure has to be changed before
distribution in Loa Angeles by "step
down" transformers, as it was changed
in the power house b^ the "step up"
process, but that Is another story.
projecting above the water. When day
light came the famished, drenched and
terrified men saw that they were with
in sight of land. All that day they
clung to the coral. At sunset a dozen
lons, canoe-like boats, paddled by
naked, yelling savages, came out to
Holden and his companion. The na
tives had seen the wreck and had come
out to look it over more closely.
The t% r o sailors were taken to one of
the islands of the Hawaiian group.
Ttie particular ißland Holden believes
was Hilo, from the descriptions he has
since r&ad of that island. Thousands
of the nude natives were on the shore
when the two white men were landed.
Great excitement prevailed, and the
news that there were two real, live
white men on the island was carried
to the tribes inland. For days Holden
and his companion were regarded with
intense timidity and curiosity. Great
throngs of native men and women, al
most as nude as on the day they were
born, would feel the flesh of the white
captives, pinch the white skin and
twirl the fine hair in their fingers to
see whether it was all natural. Chil
dren in droves viewed Holden and his
campanion from safe distances, and ran
screaming toward their mothers if the
white men moved toward them. The
greater part of the islanders gazed with
superstitious wonder, and in order to
make the captives like themselves they
tore the clothing from the young men
and left them to run naked. The young
Americans never went otherwise during
their long stay on the Hawaiian isl
and.
When the curiosity -rtlore away the
superstitious wonder of the natives hud
turned to contempt, because the white
men were not so agile at tree climbing
and enduring at aquatic feats us them
selves. They began a series of horri
ble abuses toward the poor captives.
For weeks and months Holden and
his companion never slept at the sam«
time. One would feign sleep, but keep
awake, fearing that a horrible fate was
near at hand for both of them. All
manner of tricks to worry and torment
the castaways were practiced. Stones
and missiles would be thrown at the
two men, and when they would run
and dodge and scramble out of range
as best they could, the Hawalians
would roll and scream with laughter.
It took weeks before Holden could eat
the food of the natives, but rather than
starve he became an adept at eating
raw mullet. His companion, however,
sickened and wasted away under the
treatment, and one day he was found
dead on the seashore, where he had
crawled to take a farewell look across
the waters.
Along with about 150 other slaves—
black-skinned men, who had been taken
in recent warfare on some adjacent isl
and— Holden was set at work in a taro
field, owned by a chief whom the white
man had been taught was his master.
The heat under the fierce tropic sun on
the interior of the island almost roasted
Holden. In vain he motioned to the
dusky boss (who sat in the shade near
at hand and watched the slaves work)
that he was suffering from the intense
heat, but the Hawaiian only grinned
derisively and ordered the white man
back to his task. In two days Hol
den's body was scorched and burned
to such a degree that it does not seem
any one could have suffered so and
lived. He was carried unconscious to
a spring and thrown in the shade of
palms. There the cool breezes of
the evening restored consciousness.
His master came and looked at him
and ordered women to attend him, but
they were so curious to observe the
agony of sunburn on a white man's
skin that they were only a source of
annoyance and petty torture.
When young Holden had been upon
the Hawaiian island for a period that
seemed to him to be about ten months—
for he had no means of gauging the
flight of time— the three chiefs that
seemed to have the most to do with
him decided that he should be tattooed
in order to be more like themselves and
so that he could never get away from
the tribe. Holden did not know what
was going to be done when he was
stretched out upon the grass by a dozen
powerful Kanakas and tied prone to
posts and trees.
In vain he tried to tell as best he
could in the new tongue that he would
serve his masters always and would
never murmur if he might be spared
the agony of wholesale tattooing. But
all his body, except the face, hands and
feet, was subjected to savage decora
tion! There were millions of pricks
into the flesh. One hideous design
alone on Holden's shoulders required
seven days of physical anguish and
tens of thousands of flesh punctures.
Every other day for several months the
tattooing of the white man proceeded.
When at length the agony and tor
ture of the tattooing was finished Hol
den would not have been recognized by
his own mother. He had long hair, a
prodigious growth of whiskers, his face
and hands were brown from the hot
sunshine, and he was a mass of tat
tooed designs from neck to feet.
Later, whon he had learned the lan
guage of his captors, he found that his
was the must elaborate case of tat
tooing known on the island for a gener
ation, and that he was then immune
from the petty cruelties of the kanakas.
When two years passed and Holden
saw there was no possible return to
civilization, he became more reconciled
to his life and almost popular with the
natives, and he no longer suspect
ed to hard work. He was counseled by
the chief of the island and he was
looked up to by the men generally. He
saw four distant sails in two years,
and when each sail faded from view
across the tossing blue of the Pacific he
resolved to abandon all* hope of ever
living a life other than that among the
island savages. He learned to fish and
swim as the natives did. He con
stantly declined marriage with the ka
naka girls, and he was kept busy man
ufacturing excuses for preferring to re
main single where boys and girls of
17 who were unmarried were curiosi
ties. Once he lay ill for weeks with a
dreadful fever. He was very near to
death. The natives, who then valued
his services. Wanted to keep him alive
and they ministered to him. in their
crude way and practiced superstitious
arts to drive the r-vil spirit out of him.
And again he recovered.
One day in the autumn several na
tives ran shouting to the chief that a
white man's ship was out at sea oft
the west coast. The whole settlement
was wild. Holden was indescribably
moved, as may well be imagined, at the
sight of a ship so near the coastline,
but he dared not show his emotions to
his watchful and suspicious captors.
Going down on the beach, Holden
saw several proas filling with ka
nakas, and, feigning indifference, got
Continued on Page Twenty-six.
Up and dowivtip
and down. All day
and part of th«
night, at. the speed
of express trains
go the elevators of
the Claus Spreck
ele building.
To see thesa
email cars of or
namental bronz**
flying between the
floors of the build
ing gives but a
faint idea of the
speed at which
they travel. How
ever, careful tab
is kept on the cars
so that every trip
is accounted for
and it is known to
an inch how much
each car travels in
a day, a week or a
month.
After all these
figures are aver
aged up it is shown
that a car travels
about 90 .miles a
day. That is in
both directions.
Forty-five miles up
und 45 miles down
just like traveling
in a circle. If all
this were stretched
put straight it
would be enough
to carry a passen
ger as far as
Stockton or Santa
Cruz.
But there are a
good many other
interesting and as
tonishing- facts
about these eleva
tors. The number
of trips made is as
tonishing.
During the
month of August
car No. 1 made
8160 trips; car No.
2, 14,062 trips; car
No. 3, 7955 trips.
Car No. 1 traveled
738.7 miles; car No.
t traveled 1294.3
miles: car No. 3
traveled 722.8 miles,
total miles trav
eled. 2755.8.
Daily average
car miles of travel,
including nights
and Sunday's serv
ice, 95.53.
In daily service
of busy hours from
0 a. m. to 6 p. m.,
No. 1 elevator
makes 30.7 trips
per hour; No. 2
makes 28.4 trips
per hour; No. 3
makes 30.5 trips
per hour, thereby
giving an elevator
service to every
floor an average of
40 seconds. No. 1
elevator in service
from 6:45 a. m. to
5:30 p. m.; No. 2
elevator in servioe
from 6:45 a. m. un
til night service is
over; No. 3 eleva
tor in service from
T:45 a. m. until 6:45
p. m. ; Sunday
service, one eleva
tor from 5:45 a. m.
until night service
is over.DISAPPEARED FOR 30 YEARS
WHEN r Henry Hazen Abbott
hurriedly left Pacheco In the
spring of 1869 with a bullet
fired by an irate husband
whizzing after him, and
failed to come back or send
■word of his whereabouts, everybody
ttvought he was dead, particularly as
a .lead body, identified --is his, was
picked up in the Sacramento River
about a fortnight afterward. The
was duly buried, and in course of time
the Abbott estate, amounting to some
$30,000, was distributed according to
law. '
Put everybody happened to be wrong.
In spite of the circumstantial evidence
that tended to show Abbott's demise.
for-the man is still alive, old and gray.
but yet hale and hearty. For thirty
years he has lived the life of a hermit
in the wilds of a Marin County redwood
forest.
Te fact that Abbott was alive was
accidentally discovered a short time
ago by a former neighbor, who hap- <
penedto be hunting in the vicinity of j
the old man's lonely cabin and recog
nized him. At first Abbott denied his
identity, but finally admitted the truth.
The story of Abbott's disappearance,
his immurement in the depths of the |
i : irest, his discovery and his reasons for
forsaking the world, makes one of the
strangest and most mysterious narra
tives in the annals of California.
The story the neighbors tell about '
Abbott is to the effect that thirty years
ago he was the Deputy County Sur- j
veyor of Contra Costa County. He got
into trouble and disappeared from his
home, leaving considerable valuable j
property, which in time was confiscated j
to the State.
For the greater part of thirty years
Abbott has lived in a hollow redwood
tree. His mode of life was very lonely
and for weeks and weeks h*) would not
B peak to a living being. His mode of |
living gained for him the name ot lne i
Crazy Man of L-agunitas Creek, mit
the old man cared naught for this; all
he wished was to be let alone. Ihe
way he had of loading himself down,
with a small arsenal when aggrieved
Bad the effect of securing him against
molestation of any kind, and be lived
until a few months ago in this primitive
fashion, earning a livelihood by cutting
wood with never a thought expressed;
about the property he abandoned.
The story of this man s life was first
told me by a friend. He was talking
with a companion one day. when tne
latter suddenly remarked: Do jou
know that I had a strange experience
to-day? I saw a man alive who died j
thirty years ago. That may seem ,
strange." but it is true. The man was
supposed to have been buried. I *M
e The°story which this friend then un
' folded was to the effect that about
thirty years ago he had lived In An
tioch Contra Costa County, and was
veil acquainted with the County Sur
r, James Abbott, and his brother,
Henry Hazen Abbott. The latter filled
the position of deputy to his brother
and was of a rather wild nature, though j
eVen th-n past middle age. One day a
man named Gilchrist went home, talked (
with his wife, then grabbed a revolver
and hunted up Abbott. Gilchrist shot
at Abbott while he was running away
and cut away part ut his ear. Abbott
never came back.
A few days after his disappearance
the body of a man was washed iioon
th» banks of the Sacramento Biver, and
Identified as that of Abbott. His funeral
was largely attended and from that day
to this none of those present has had
the last doubt that he is resting auietly
under the sod. What was the surprise
and bewilderment of the relator of the
tale to run across Abbott face to face
while hunting on the Lagunjtas Creek,
two miles Bouth of Camp Taylor. The
old fellow professed to l>^ glad to Be*
his acquaintance, and Baid he was Uc
norant of the fact that for thirty years j
everybody believed him dead and
buried. He chuckled on being told this
and remarked that he might be buried
but hf* was "lone; way from being dead,
nr.d would probably live to hear of the
death of many that thought him out of
the way."
I determined to see the old man in
person and learn his past history from
his own lips. I started for tho spot on
I,agunitas Creek described by the hun
ter and soon reached the wood-cutters'
fiimps. Sure enough there stood the
hollow stump, the stone fireplace and
the ruins of Abbott's shanty. It had
tvtly been torn down but a .short
period before in order to let the road
be constructed onward up the canyon.
Old "Steve" Steadman. the foreman or
"bops" of the Howard Shafter & Com-
Dany eßtate, came over from a shanty
where he was superintending some
"Know old Abbott?" he answered.
"Well, I guess I do. He has been hang
ing around these parts for nitch onto
thirty year. He only left here a few
months ago and went to work for Con
Murry, a mile the other side of Nl
casio.' He was one of the most trouble
some fellows I ever saw, and I opine
nobody is sorry he Is gone."
According to Bteadman's story Ab
bott first came to Marin County about
twenty-eight years ago and worked for
William Dixon, splitting pickets on
Millard's ranch near San Ceronimo.
After that he worked for the S. P. Tay
lor Paper Company and cut wood for
the old paper mill. For thirteen years
he worked at splitting pickets on the
Shafter estate. Until he left he lived
in the old cabin formed by the tree
Stump and a little timber.
•'I heard some few things about old
Abbott from a hunter here at one time."
Bteadman continued, "and told him
about the reports. At first he was
simply wild with rage and said it was
all a pack of lies, but I stuck to him
and gradually he got quieter and ad
mltted nearly all I had heard. He ad
mitted that he had left a lot of prop
erty in Antioch and Pacheco when he
left and said he didn't know what had
become of it and cared a sight
less.
"Yes," musingly added Steadman. in
conclusion, "the old man was a hard
nut, but he was the hardest worker for
a man 70 years old I ever run across
in all my tin)'--."
In Nicasio Abbott now lives in an old
weather-beaten mansion about which
ghosts seenflo glide. At every gust of
wind the clapboards and shingles rattle
and the dry weeds and dead grasses
whistle a mournful tune.
Abbott as he appeared on his own
doorstep is tall and slender, but a glance
sufficed to show that he was muscular
and hardy. His head was surmounted
by an old straw hat, in which a hole
had been filled with a rag. His face
was covered with a scanty gray beard,
which covered the sidt-s and grew
somewhat longer under the chin. An
old black shirt hung nearly to his knees
and his trousers were tucked into the
tops of his boots.
There was a piece gone from his left
ear, over which was an ugly gash.
For a long time the old man simply
answered questions of an ordinary na
fire. but at last he invited me into his
cabin while he made supper.
"Why did you leave Pacheco in 1869
Mr. Abbott?" I asked.
The small eyes gleamed a moment
and then his face changed until it was
as expressionless as a slate.
"So, you've heard that story, too?"
Uncle Sam Is His Share of the Great China Trade
He is preparing a big booK to give roercrjants valuable suggestions on the best way to capture the oriental market.
Special to The Sunday Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. s.— The
Yankees must invade China;
there is no longer any doubt
about it. However, the in
vasion will . be a peaceful
one, of a commercial nature, and in
volving no grab of territory. This Gov
ernment is determined that the United
States shall obtain a share of the trade
of the Middle Kingdom, for which four
great European powers are now con
tending. Accordingly, the Department
of State is on the point of publishing a
very important and elaborate docu
ment, taking the form of a volume of
800 pages, which shows just how this
result is to be accomplished. The book
will afford mighty interesting reading
for every merchant and manufacturer,
big or little, in this country.
No step will fail to be taken, no stone
left unturned, in the competition «or a
fair share of the trade of the 500,000.000
people It is not merely China, Rus
sian Siberia, Japan, Korea, Siam, For
,. the Philippines, Java, Borneo
and a multitude of islands, great and
small, constitute a vast field which has
been termed the "Pacific opportunity."
All Eastern Asia to-day is trembling
with the outcoming trend of progress,
and when once these uncounted hosts
realize that old conditions of sloth and
inaction must yield to the invasion of
new ideas, then the movement all along
the line will astonish the world. Those
countries which have prepared to con
trol the Aflatie trade will naturally
take the lead in the division of spoils,
while those who are laggards will be
forever relegated to the rear. Korea,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 18900.
he finally said, without looking up.
"Yes. Is it true?"
Again he relapsed into thought and
then buried his head in his hands.
"Is it true?" I asked again.
"Partly," he answered, after a long
pause. "My side of the story I have
never told."
Java and the Philippines have as many
accessible inhabitants as Africa, while
Slam has as numerous a population as
Australia and the lesser islands of the
Pacific.
A century hence the Chinese empire
will be gridironed with American rail
ways traversed by Yankee locomotives
drawing trains of cars built in United
States factories. These trains will carry
not only Oriental passengers, grown in
different to the sacrilege of running
over the graves of their ancestors, but
coal and iron from Chinese mines. The
mines will be controlled mostly by
American capital, and their machinery
will be of American make. There will
be other mines, too, of gold, silver, lead
and various other valuable metals and
minerals derivable from the bowels of
the earth. For, if the testimony of
many American experts and explorers
is worth anything, China embraces
some of the richest and most extensive
mineral .producing regions of the world.
Hitherto the development of China's
mineral resources has been studiously
disciiurngf d and opposed by the author
ities. The first thing required is per
mission to the people to avail them
selves freely of their untouched wealth
underground. The absurdity of the
present situation in this regard Is fairly
Illustrated by the fact that steamboats
at Ichang, iOOO miles inland on the
Yangtse River, are compelled to burn
costly imported Japanese coal, although
Ichang Is situated on the borders of
one of the richest coal fields In the
world. The coal deposits of that region
are bo remarkable as to arrest the at
tention of casual travelers, but the Gov
ernment will not allow them to be
worked. If these mines, with the in
cidental iron ores and petroleum
springs, were permitted to be exploited
there would be such a trade that the
available steamers and junks would
"Does anybody know It?"
"Not now." he answered, and after a
long pause he added, "She's dead."
Somehow this thought seemed to
rouse up the old man and he chuckled
to himself. Then he burst out laugh-
ing.
"What State were you born in?" I
hardly be able to carry it all.
A gold mining company was organ
ized in 1896 in this province (Szechuan)
by a Chinaman named Tung, who stud
ied mining in the United States. He got
the sanction of the Viceroy to buy ma
chinery, but the people petitioned the
latter official to stop the work. Samples
of gold from the mines had been shown
to the Viceroy and the petition was
not granted. Szechuan has a popula
tion nearly equal to that of Fra-nce and
an area about as great.
Shantung is described as one vast
mineral field. Gold, silver, copper, Iron,
lead, coal and even diamonds are found.
The gold mines have been worked by
California miners, but they had to
abandon the task, owing to the ob
structiveness of the native officials ten
years ago. It is expected that with the
advent of the locomotive in the near
future great activity will be shown in
exploiting gold, coal and other miner
als. Were this province under any other
rule it would be one of the greatest
mining sections in the world. It has
a population of 29,000,000— about the
same as that of Spain. This is one of
the northeastern provinces of China
proper, and through it runs the famous
Hoang-Ho or Yello%v River, known as
"China's Sorrow," by reason of the
destruction of millions of people by its
frequent overflows. In this province
China's two great sages, Confucius and
Meneius, were born.
Outschang, capital of Houpe, the
"Chicago of China," will soon be con
nected with Peking by rail, the road
being now under construction by a Bel
gian syndicate. This city has 1,500,000
inhabitants and is the central market
for about 70,000,000 people— a population
equal to that of the entire United
States. A point like this merely illus
trates the vastness of the possibilities
o£ China as a purchaser at American
asked.
"Vermont," he answered.
"You see it was this way," he began,
after a long pause. 'My brother and I
came to California about '55. Both of
us did well. He was County Surveyor
or' Contra Costa County and I was his
assistant.
••I'i.fir John, he died about 1863. The
next year I got married. Just why I
don't know, but we never got along.
Wife and I quarreled all the time.
Finally *he left me and I got a divorce.
"About 1567. I think it»was, I met a
Miss Troy, ns pretty a girl as ever
lived. She was everything to me and
1 was to her. As I was very successful
and had property I asked her to marry
me. 1 meant to do the right thing,
too."
As the old man became thoughtful
again, I asked:
"Did she accept you?"
"No; but you never can tell why a
woman does things. She threw me
over.
"I felt badly over it. I must have
become kind o' reckless. Anyhow, in
some way I got on good terms with a
Mrs. Oilchrist, a Spanish woman. Her
husband did not care a cent for her, so
she and I saw a great deal of each
goods. The very magnitude of the pop
ulation of the Oriental empire well nigh
exceeds the scope of the human mind
to realize. At least five times that of
this country — there has never been a
census of the "Central Flowery Land"—
the wants of its individual components
will grow rapidly with the development
of tho civilization which is to be forced
upon these people who have stood still
for thirty centuries. How strange it
seems, by the way, that so much of
the knowledge from which modern civ
ilization springs has been derived frum
the Chinese.
During the last few years, however,
China has undergone wonderful
changes. On every side in that country
one sees evidences of new-born ac
tivity and enterprise. The old-fash
ioned, conservative Chinaman with his
cry of "foreign devil," is being crowd
ed to the rear. One hears much talk of
railways, of mills of various kinds and
of enterprises of all sorts. The na
tives have suddenly become progres
sive; they want to learn about modern
inventions and scientific discoveries.
At Wei-hsien a Chinaman is engaged
in making bicycles. This genius is able
to turn out a fair wheel, but cannot
master the pneumatic tires. He solves
the problem by covering rope with
hides, coloring the leather to the
proper hue and fastening it to the rims
Of the wheels. The missionary, always
the pioneer of commerce and the mer
chants' most useful advance agent,
can now travel up and down the coun
try on his wheel, and the sight is so
common that it attracts no remark.
Just at present there is a reactionary
movement in China, but the Empress
Dowager has no more power to stem
the tide of progress in the Middle
Kingdom than had King Canute to
pause the progress of the waves. She
is a mere pebble on the beach, notwith
other. Of course I know It wasn't Just
right.
"Things went on this way for about
a year, when <me day I was surprised
to get a note frum Miss Troy. She was
willing to accept me for a husband.
"Of course I was willing. But what
could I do with Mrs. Gilchrist? I
thought of taking Miss Troy and going
away, but I was afraid. Then I made
up my mind and told Mrs. Gilchrist
that I was going to marry Miss Troy.
"She flew into a rage and threatened
to kill me on the spot. I guess she
would have done so if she had had any
kind of weapon. She ended the matter
by telling her husband. He shot at me
once, and then I got in behind a wall.
Guess he was afraid to come after me.
"It was then that I made up my mind
to become a hermit and quit the
world. I had all the world that I want
ed and was miserably tired of every
thing. The money and property that I
had in Pacheoo, some $30,000, was noth
ing to me, and I determined to disap
pear in the woods.
"From that time until a few days ago
I never heard a word about any of the
people in Pacheco. lam very glad they
thought I was dead. But it's all right
now. I have spent thousands of peace
ful and happj- days in the forest. All's
well that ends well. I have got more
out of the world during my thirty
years in this lonely forest than I ever
did out of the thirty years I spent in
cities and among the people of the
world." FRANK PERKINS.
OUT OF SIGHT.
The 300-pound man was doing his
best to get through the row of crowded
seats to the chair which his own cou
pon called for. Naturally he found dif
ficulty in making his way over all sorts
of humanity, and he had such a time
that nearly every one in the theater
stopped watching the play to look at
the performance in the audience.
Suddenly he stepped on the foot of a
small man who was trying to hide
himself behind a pair of opera-glasses.
"Demme, sir, can't you see my feet?"
expostulated the little man in a loud
whisper.
"Impossible, sir," replied the fat man,
stopping for an instant as he prepared
to sit down. "You've got your shoes
on."— Washington Post.
Minister — My little man, do you know
where bad boys go to?
Johnnie — Ma says they go In swim
ming when their mothers say they
mustn't. — Philadelphia North Ameri
can.
standing any impressions of her own
to the .contrary. Foreign influence ta
too much for her. Take a figure or
two for illustration. In 1890 there was
only one mill in China using foreign
machinery. In Shanghai alone to-day
there nre over 100 such mills, and scat
tered all over the empire tall chimney
stacks loom on the horizon. Iron mills',
paper mills, cotton mills, all sorts of
mills, are being created. In 1890 not a
steam vessel of any description was al
lowed to run In any waters except at
the treaty ports; now the rivers are
covered with small steamers and steam
launches. Telegraph lines run through
the most anti-foreign provinces. In
IS9O a high native official, who had
tried to establish a telegraph in the
Hunan Province, was obliged to flee for
his life, all of the apparatus and ma
terial being destroyed. To-day this
province is eagerly pushing forward
enterprises of all sorts; schools for
teaching English are found 1000 miles
from the coast, the electric light is
used, bicycles are common and the for
eigner is no longer stoned or reviled.
Of course, it is very necessary that
American dealers and manufacturers
shall know exactly what is demanded
by these markets, and information on
the subject is given in much detail by
the State Department book quoted. It
seems that the demand in China for
Yankee drillings and sheetings is rapid
ly growing. The Celestials want Amfri
can stoves, foodstuffs, small wares and
notions, clocks and watches, confec
tions, groceries, butter, locks of every
kind and hinges and fastenings for
doors and windows. They like our
canned vegetables and fruits, and our
condensed milk in tins Is to them a
positive dream. Into Shanghai alone
there were importpd during the last
twelve months more than 40,000 cans of
condensed milk.
There Is a market in China for many
millions of bushels of American wheat
and corn annually. The rich Chinese
prefer wheat and flour from the United
States to all other brands. Clocks,
watches and lamps from the United
States, and likewise our axes, are at
the top of the market. Scattered all
over the empire, in Chinese employ, are
Yankee engineers, mining experts ana
high-grade steelworkers. Indeed, Amer
ican influence in all branches of busi
ness is felt in China to-day as it never
was before. In l£9o China sold to the
United States $6,000,000 more worth of
products than she bought from this
country. Six years later her imports
from America had trebled, the balance
of trade in favor of the United States
being half a million gold dollars per
annum. From this statement it will
appear that we are already getting a
grip on the trade of China. And, by the
way. a Philadelphia firm has furnished
the locomotives for the Tientsin-Peking
railroad now in process of completion.
Already we are sending enormous
quantities of Hour and kerosene to
China. The Chinamen have a way of
refilling the empty American oil cans
with a wretched quality of stuff from
Russia or Sumatra, and this does the
trade damage. It is recommended by
the State Department that the oil pro
ducers in this country should take mea
sures to prevent this. They might es
tablish at a profit oil depots in China at
points suitable for distribution, and it
would be a good idea to give to each
considerable purchaser a cheap, non
combustible lamp. Many fires are
caused in Chinese cities by defective
lamps. It ought to be mentioned, inci
dentally, that experts in this country
do themselves much injury by sending
low-grade wines and "rotgut" whisky
to China. A Chinaman knows what
good whisky is, and the same remark
applies to wines.
In one respect the United States
holds a unique position in the view of
those Chinese officers and people who
know anything of the outside world.
More or less in dread of all the Euro
pean powers, they fear nothing from
us. We are known to be rich and
peaceful, and nothing we have done ex
cites suspicion in the Chinese mind.
We are regarded as friends, and in so
far as that is concerned what we have
to offer will be welcomed. But, as to
commercial methods in the Orient,
American merchants have a good deal
to learn. For one thing, they ought to
send agents with samples, and not
mere illustrated lists of goods and
prices.
All over the immense oceanic area
called Polynesia there are markets for
American goods. It is not a question
merely of the Philippines, but of a hun
dred other groups of islands. Samoa is
a promising field, and so likewise 1b
Fiji. The trade of Fiji to-day is second
in the Pacific only to that of the Ha
waiian Islands. Immense quantities
of kerosene are used in Polynesia, and
all of it comes from this country. Other
articles imported largely from the
United States into the scattered lands
of Oceanica are flour, canned and dried
fruits, canned fish, lobsters and oysters.
American textile fabrics, on the other
hand, are practically unknown in that
part of the world.
There is a great American opportun
ity in Siam, which is a much bigger
country than most folks realize. Larger
than Japan, it is the third independent
kingdom of Asia, having 8,000,000 in
habitants, with an area about equal to
that of Texas. The city of Bangkok
has a population of 600,000. However,
the market is p.eculiar, demanding
cheap things, without regard to qual
ity. Flour, canned goods, watches,
clocks, sewing machines and electrical
machinery are already largely imported
from America.
One suggestion offered is that one or
more vessels might be equipped as
floating expositions and sent to visit
various ports in China and elsewhere in
the Orient, in order to show the natives
samples of the various manufactures of
the United States. This would be a
convenient and comparatively cheap
method of bringing American products
before the expected consumers. Every
available scheme pointing to this end is
well worth considering, inasmuch as
this country is to be no longer a "her
mit nation," but has definitely decided
upon an entrance into rivalry with
European powers for the trade of the
world. RENE BACHE.
Wife— Who was that who called?
Husband— One of my tenants called
to pay m« his rent.
"Did he pay it?"
"Yes."
"Then, why do you look so gloomy?"
"He didn't pay a word about wanting
fifteen or twenty dollars' worth of re
pairs."
"What of It?"
"That shows that be'B going to
leave. ' '— Exchan are.
2324
The Matsers Gave No Sign of the Least Alarm and Continued What Was Apparently an Ordinary Conversation.
IT MAT be as well to confess at once that my Interest In Don Beltran
Descayno lay wholly in the fact that during the preceding month
I had become engaged to his Bister Bianca, Still, at the same time
It is due to myself to mention that until the day when it was my for
tune to assist in saving his life I had never consciously met him In
the flesh.
As a point of accurate history, when Bianca and I first became en
gaged Don Beltran's name was not very much in evidence, and although
as an active Carlist he would have been arrested and thrown Into prison
if any of the Royalist authorities could have laid hands upon him, there
was not at that time any hot pursuit upon his trail. Indeed, Don Ouido,
In his calm, dignified way, told me he believed his misguided son had
taken passage to Cuba, or one of the South American republics. But
when Beltran brought off his grand coup, which, as every one knows, was
within an ace of setting Don Carlos on the throne of Spain, then the
situation took a very sudden change. The party in power grasped the
fact that not only was Don Beltran In the country, but they woke up
also to the real dangerousness of him. The scare made them Quick to
act. They set a price of 10,000 pesetas on his head (which amounts to
Borne £400 English) and placarded Catalonia with notices that this sum
was payable on him whether delivered dead or alive.
The situation, too, so far as others were concerned, chanred also with
much abruptness. The Descayno family were requested officially to leave
their country seat among the almond gardens and the olive orchards in
the mountains near Montserrat and come down to the plain and take up
residence in Barcelona- They arrived there to find their palacio in the
Rhambla beset with spies night and day. All the family, all the friends
of the family even, were dogged by the agents of the Government where
ever rhey went; because, although old Don Descayno and his other son
•were notoriously loyal to the existing regime, it was felt that domestic
affection might do much (if it came to the pinch) toward sheltering the
rebel from the avenging laws of his country. As an Englishman. I re
sented all this espionage most intensely; as Spaniards, the Descaynos
accepted it with a shrug, as the natural and inevitable consequence of
having such a relative as Beltran belonging to them.
Even Bianca bowed to fate in this matter, and made me do so also.
"Querido," she said, when for the third time I had caught a seedy-looking
fellow in cloak and slo\ich hat dodging me about the city, and had con
fessed to thrashing him generously for his pains, "querido, for my sake
you must not do this. You will only make it worse for as. And besides,
they may think fit to expel you from the country if you persist. Spain
is passing through troublous times, Archie, and she hae to defend heself
as best she knows how. She has no time now to Invent new methods."
1 kißsed her on her mocking lips.
"You are not the worst off." said she. "Think of poor Isabel La Faz.
They spy on her even more closely than they do on you. Her very letters
are opened and read."
"What on earth should they meddle with Donna Isabel for?*' I asked
in huge surprise. "Has she invented a new cotillon figure, and are they
trying to pilfer it from her before the carnival? Or is It her domino they
are trying to discover the secret of, or "
"Peace, flippant one, Isabel may carry a laughing; face, but I think
she has an aching: heart Just now."
"Well, you ought to know," I said, "I suppose you're her biggest
friend."
"Her greatest girl friend, perhaps, Archie.**
"Oh, then there's a man in the case? I» he on© of those Carlist
ruffians?"
MATRIMONY VS. THE CLUB.
"Don't you think, James, that these lonely dinners at the club drive a number
of men to matrimony?"
"Maybe, sir; but not so many as matrimony drives to th* club!"— Punch,
THE MASKED BALL
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
"Archie, don't. But haven't you heard? Haven't you guessed? Oh,
my dear, your northern wits can sometimes be very dense!"
•" "I have heard nothing, querido; I have guessed less, and If you want
the reason,- here it is in a pistachio shell: since I have been In Barcelona
I have ears and eyes only for Bianca Descayno. Excepting her the city
has, for me, been peopled with lay figures only. Intlendez, aenorlta 1 ?"
"Pouf, a compliment."
"But ordinary truth, notwithstanding. Tell me, who Is the fair Isa
bella's flame?" EBZS&
She looked half frightenedly round the room, and then bending her
lips to my ear. was going to whisper. But she changed her mind, and
drawing herself up rather proudly, said: "No; why should I be ashamed
to speak of him, poor fellow, now that he is what you call in your English
Jargon 'under the weather?' She waved her pretty fingers toward a
half-length portrait on the wall. It showed me the handsomest man in
Eastern Spain, as he appeared to the painter a bare year before; a slim
young fellow of 25. with a laughing eye, a clean-cut mouth and nostrils,
and as dogged a chin as one would wish to find; a man who was bound
by nature to be something big. whether the line he took was straight
or crooked. "After all." she said, "he is my brother, and if I hate the
political cause he has adopted, I cannot say that I have ever changed in
my love for him." /-.:^
"And Donna Isabel, how does she stand toward him? Is she his
fiancee, do you mean?"
"I could not say that: all I know is that there is an understanding
between them, and all Barcelona knows this as well as I do It has
lasted ever since he was a lad home from university at Madrid, and she
was a school girl staying with me here during our convents holidays."
"But what do her people say to it now? From what I know of them
they are not likely to approve of Don Beltran's latest doings." *
"Ah, that is where the cruelty comes in. We girls in Spain are allowed
so little say in such matters. / Why, if you, Archie, had not found favor
in my father's eyes "
"I should have carried you off in spito of twenty fathers. So you mean
Ba ,K that Senor la Paz has made Donna Isabel give your brother up
t i , 0 fai pily nave renounced all connection with him, poor boy, and
Isabel was forced to write a letter saying that she had broken with him
irrevocably. But she wrote me another letter which— which "
Which said precisely the opposite, and which you took care should
be forwarded on to Don Beltran's hand. I'm afraid, sweetheart, that
you are a little bit of a Carlist yourself."
of ♦v, Ar £. hl £' II T > f°rbldf ° rbld >' ou cve /> to dream of such a thing. lam nothing
of the kind. But you know. dear. I dld-that is. I thought I ought to ft
,« ™?m? on . tnat . letter. Quite so. Any reasonable girl would have done
as much under the circumstances. And if you hadn't done it there Is,
liV?n k X h f a ™!. quite sufficient of the quixotic donkey about your
?»r«f fn t ,£ rother to ha made him come here to explain and square mat
pates (P - person ' and Probably get caught and earn el garrote for his
wll^^rhavrhim^aTus^" 1 "* ™ght. "You are Cruel " h * *«*' " l
very awkward scrape. he Carlists are quite strong enough t?i£k after"
SlrT&rea^can^rt^ "%£*"■ Wft thetr^oVn^mlVhes l^Sifno
Oh. said she. pinching my cheeck, • { 1 can guess what you mel!n.
The Fall of McManus,the Sport.
Being the Story of a Car Conductor of the McAllister-Street Car Line Who TooK to Playing the
Races and Ran rjls Capital of $100 Up to $100,000 and Attained Fame All Over the Circuit.
DURING the recent Btate Fair
race meeting at Sacramento the
bettors who crowded a poolroom
where overnight betting was In
progress one evening bumped el
bows with a man plainly almost
poorly clad, who frequented this haunt
of the small fry of the betting frater
nity. He was tall and of the conforma
tion described as "raw-boned," with
prominent cheekbones and a sandy
mustaohe. While the betting for the
races of the morrow was in progress
this fellow, after gazing long and wist
fully at the "odds" posted upon the
bookmakers' blackboard, reached into
his trousers pocket and drew forth a
single small gold piece. This he fondled
and looked at, as though hesitating to
risk it on the uncertainties of the rac
ing game, but finally the wager was
made and he stored away with great
care the ticket returned to him by the
knight of the chalk and chamois skin.
"What are you playing, Mac?" asked
a seedy-looking tout, as the pasteboard
was being tucked into a place of safety.
"St. Philip," was the reply.
"Is he 'good' now?" persisted the dis
penser of racetrack information.
"As 'good' as he ever was, but I sup
pose he'll fall down if he can't lose any
other way," was the gloomy response.
The man who h%d risked the 15 piece
so reluctantly was "Conductor" Mc-
Manus, two years ago one of the sensa
tions of the turf world. Starting with
a "shoestring" he had in one brief sea
son on the Eastern tracks won. upward
of $100,000 and become one of the heavi
est plungers who risk their coin on the
speed and endurance of equine gladia
tors.
The story of McManus' rise and fall
(for he appears to have reached the end
of his financial rope) is an interesting
one. Several year* ago he was a con
ductor on the McAllister street railway
in this city. At that time the old Bay
District racetrack was still In the
Now, Barcelona fn black cloaks with fed plush linings on parade over
the concrete pavement of the Rhambla, discussing politics, and Barcelona
dressed en fete In absurd costumes, and permeating the city during the
days of carnival, are two very different tribes of peopl©. Of the pair, the
latter Is very much the more to my taste. The Catalonlan Spaniard taken
au grand sorieux Is an augmentative person who would talk the hind leg
off Balaam's ass; he is bitter as an Irishman in politics, when he has any
opinions about them whatever; and he Is frequently the possessor of a
navaja with a ten-inch blade when he looks least dangerous. He uses
this last with energy upon the body of a person he objects to, and where
we colder folks of the North would be content with a drive of the flst
or merely a tongue load of ugly words, he leaves a corpse, or sets going a
very passable vendetta.
But Barcelona, though a business city and sober In Its ways, is never
theless at times quick to change, and when the carnival did come on dur
ing that year of my engagement to Bianca Descayno, one would have
thought that the people had been preparing for it ever since the year
before. All proceeded to enjoy themselves; the women reveled in a liberty
which was never theirs during all the rest of the twelve months.
The carnival divided Itself into many branches and catered for many
grades. The chestnut sellers had their suppers, and the factory hands
their great cachucha party, where guitars thrummed amid the cigarette
smoke for eighteen consecutive hours.
But there was one ball as far removed from all tne rest as the
Rhambla is above all the other streets of the city. It was given In el
teatro principal, and the only people who could obtain the entree were
those belonging to the set which considered Itself as the one really smart
n»t In Barcelona.
But the unrest of the political air had disturbed the serenity of even
the grandees that year, and they had elected that their carnival ball
should be bal masque In fancy dress. Think of it! Imagine the frivolity
of such a proceeding! But, then, of course, one must remember that they
rested serene In the knowledge that no person would be present outside
the social fence of their own set, and infinite precautions were taken to
guard that this should be so.
But precautions have' proved useless before when clever men have set
their wits to circumvent them, and as I know for a fact that one person
who was not an Invited guest danced at that ball, it stands to reason
that very possibly others slipped In as Well.
a The news first came to me in virtue of the fancy dress that I wore.
f had got myself up in the uniform of a private of carabineros— which 1b
the local equivalent of policeman — and I had had a tolerable deal of fun
out of it already, since a good many stewards and other people refused
to believe that I was not the real article, just masked for a freak. The
dance had been going on for some time and the theater was very hot.
In my heavy uniform I was nearly melted, and so as a bolero struck up
which was not in my line I strolled down some passages toward a door
way, so as to get a whiff of the draught.
A voice from one of the shadows outside said: "Well, amigro, h« is
there. We're certain of that now.".
I peered into the darkness and saw a bonaflde carablnero, who had
taken me for one of his corps. "Oh, is he?" said I, and was going to pass
on. He laid a hand on my sleeve. "You must go back," said he, and
stand as near the ball room as you are able. Then you can give help
when it is wanted. He is certain to resist when they try to capture
him. They say he is a very desperate blade; Indeed, he must be, or he
wouldn't be here to-night."
"Who Is this you are talking abont?" said I.
"Why, Don Beltran, to be sure," he answered, with a lift of surprise.
"I was only wondering," I said, "whether -it had been found out that
Don Beltran had got any friend Inside there besides himself. By the way,
what is his fanc"y dross?"
"We haven't been able to find out, but it is supposed that he is in
domino. However, unless we are forced to it, the arrest will not be made
Inside the theater. All these, people here are well disposed, and we do
not want to make a disturbance. So we shall ask all the gentlemen to
unmask' as they come out, and when they know the reason I do not think
any of them will refuse. That is, of course," the fellow added with a
chuckle, "no one will object except the man we want, although I dare
bet he'll have reasons enough to bring forward for not taking off his
mask."
I laughed also, and hoped my laugh was natural; and then I turned
to go back again Into the theater. "By the way," I said, "I suppose all
the other doors are guarded? There's no chance of his slipping away from
us quietly through some other outlet?"
"Oh, that's all right." said the carabinero. "There's a cordon all the
way round the place, and a guard on the roof as well. We've 200 men
here. We can't afford to miss a capture like this. What, going? Well,
buenos noches. amijro."
"Buenos," said I, and walked away.
in.
The bolero was over when I got back to the dancing floor, and th«
band was playing the opening bars of a waltz. Already a dozen grotesque
figures were spinning round over the slippery holland. The place was 8
blaze of light and a bewildering kaleidoscope of color. The floor of th«
theater had been turned into one vast level, and the maskers were mov
ing about the edges of this, or sitting in the boxes and circles or chatter
in* Jn the passages.
I knew it was hopeless to try and pick out Beltr&n Descajrcio by eye-
Bight alone.
Donna Isabel ia Paz was undoubtedly the person to go for, only th<
worst of it was I bad not so far recognised her. I had hunted for hei
previously, and without success. I have even asked Bianca to point hei
out to me, and she had only laughed, and bidden me play the game fairly
and find out for myself. So it was clearly useless to waste further tim<
in peering for Beltran's ladylove. I must nnd my own, and work back tc
him through (her. And I must lose no minutes over It either. Midnight
had chimed on the city clocks tw§ hours ago and at any time the much
wanted man might take it into his head to leave the ball room, and then,
with this unmasking order in force, the whole business would be finished
in a matter of seconds. From what I had heard of him, he was not the
fellow who under the circumstances would permit himself to be taken
alive. And besides, the reward expressly stipulated for that. He was
equally valuable dead or quick, so the carabineros were not likely to give
him a chance of shooting first if he showed signs of resistance.
I put my back to a stage box and scanned the house. The floor was
beginning to fill up. Dominos and quaint dressers, and beautiful dresses
whirled past me in the waltz, and the occupants of the circle and boxes
were either settling thpmsplvpp into chairs or were beginning to move
downstairs. What I was looking for was a black and yellow Carmen,
with a jet-black mask fringed ueep with let-black lace. It was a dis
tinctive costume, and easily seen, and as I had danced with its owner six
times that evening already, I may say I knew every fiber of it by heart.
Yet nowhere in all that whirl of color did the Carmen catch my eye.
I left the pillar of the stage box, and began to walk round the skirts
of the dancing floor, I suppose my manner must have been odd, for I re
member well that here and there the maskers turned and mocked at me.
But for that I cared nothing, pressing my way through the crowd and
the open spaces, everywhere peering through the eyeholes of my mask
for my Carmen, and nowhere seeing her.
Then of a sudden I remembered something. At dinner, before we came,
I had asserted to Bianca that I should know her under any disguise, and
she had pouted and said that was all very well now that I had seen her
frock. And then, a minute later, with a sudden ripple of laughter, she
eatd she had got a surprise for me later on in the evening. I had asked
her what it was. She would not say; told me I must find out for myself;
and then, with a lovely mutlne look, added that she hoped I should like it.
At the time I was quite content to be mystified, and made no attempt
to guess her secret. Now it came to me in a flash. She was going to
make me prove my words; she Intended to change her disguise; she wished
to test if my love was strong enough to see through it.
I could have wept with vexation; as it was I'm. afraid I cursed, and
set to pushing my way through and among the dancers like a dog in a
pheasant cover. I trod on toes and damaged lace. One Pierrette, whose
bare shoulder came in sharp contact with me, cried in annoyance; and
her partm-r, a white-chinned, white-masked Pierrot, gave me some sharp
words, and offered to assault me if we met outside. I pressed on without
retort. I saw a vivandiere Just ahead of me, whose back view was like
Bianca's, and I went and accosted her; and she (secure in her disguise)
snapped her fingers in my face and said el Senor Ingles had but very
small discernment.
"No, I am not Bianca," said she, "but because you flatter me much
by mistaking me for her, I'll give you a hint. Look for a cardinal
domino."
Of course! Idiot that I had been! She would not have had time to
change her Carmen's dress completely; she^had just slipped a light dom
ino over It; and her outward appearance would be altered entirely.
The room thinned, the music ended with a clash or sound, and the
dancers linked arms and the fans began to flutter. I roved my eyes about
height of Its glory. McManus' car ran
by the course and each afternoon he
carried from the city an eager and ex
pectant crowd, and as the sun sank in
the west collected fares for the return
trip of this same contingent, some of
whose members were coming back Ju
bilant over their day's winnings, while
the others were dejected and despond
ent. For years McManus had collected
tolls from these men and women, but
had taken little interest in them or their
gambling ventures. The dally tales of
winnings and losses at the track re
lated by his passengers fell upon un
heeding ears. In him the gambling
fever seemed never to have taken root,
and he did not even appear to possess
the curiosity to learn of the fortunes
or misfortunes of the regulars whom
ho was constantly oarrylng to and fro.
Whence came the notion no one
seems to know, but one afternoon when
the conduotor had a half-holiday he
determined to see for himself what was
behind the high fence which shut out
the racetrack's yelling crowds which
each afternoon his car had helped to
augment.
Conductor McManus visited the race
track. Knowing many of the patrons
of the old Bay District he was not lack
ing in "tips" and "stable information,"
and with the proverbial luck of the be
ginner he won several small bets, which
he was Induced by the "professors" of
the course to place.
He left the track elated over his suc
cess, and several weeks later^ when his
hours, probably at his own solicita
tion, were changed so as to give him
the afternoons off duty, he himself be
came one of the "regulars" who each
day journeyed to the racetrack to
wager their coin upon the "ponies."
It did not take the spies of the street
railway company long to discover that
this employe of the road was gambling
at the race track, nor did the superin
tendent of the line lose any time in ad
dressing a curt note to the conductor,
informing him that he must quit
gambling on the race track or look for
a position elsewhere. In his betting
ventures thus far McMamis had been
uniformly fortunate, and he at once de
cided to accept the alternative which
meant little toil and big money, in
preference to that which meant a dally
gTlnd for a stipend barely enough to
supply the necessities of life and leave
enough to clothe him decontly. He had
about $600 In the bank, and, withdraw
ing this, he entered upon the life of a
race track speculator.
That was in the spring of 1896.
Six months later the former conductor
could write his check for $60,000 and
have It honored. In a few months he
had become known as one of the big
gest operators on the turf, and it was
said that no man who followed the
races for a livlne carried as much ready
cash about with him as did McManus.
When he came back from the East
after his remarkably successful season,
It was not unusual for him to bring
forth from the depths of his pockets a
roll of bills containing $10,000, which he
woukl proceed to wager upon some
horse— or wager as much of it as the
bookmakers would accept.
The system by which he had won this
sum was a peculiar one. When he first
became interested in the races he had
decided that the reason so many per
sons "went broke" at the game was
that they sought to win too much— to
double and treble their money each
day. He reasoned that there could be
found 'daily at the race track betting
propositions that were almost absolute
certainties, if the bettors were only
willing to take the worst of It in the
matter of odds. Therefore, with his
$600 bank roll he embarked upon the
system which In a few short months
made Mm independently rich.
It is the gossip of sporting circles
that the "conductor" has lost the for
tune he won so easily; that hereafter
he must be classed among the poor
horse-owners who depend for the win
ning of an occasional purse for sus
tenance for themselves and their
thoroughbreds.
the great place and saw a hundred shades of red at every glance, A car
dinal domino, the vivandiere had said. Ah. there, sitting: In a box and
peeping roguishly at me from behind a curtain! Yes, that must be Bianca.
I waved my hand. A message started back from a ran. sent with an
accuracy which no one but a Spanish girl could manage. I signaled
"wait," and ran away to a staircase. There were two men with her In
the box, a Mephistopheles and a Zouave chattering and laughing. I can
not say that they seemed pleased with the addition to their number. But
I did not care much about that.
"Traidof," said she. rapping me over the knuckles with her fan.
The Zouate chuckled. "El Senor Ingles y Donna Bianca ; Mepnisto
laughed out a '-Mille perdons"; and then they both took themselves off
and shut the door of the box behind them.
"Cruel!" said Bianca, "you have spoilt sport. They would never nave
guessed if you had not spoken my name. Or is that you are jealous?
"My dear," said I, catching her small fingers and holding them tight,
"you must pull yourself together and be ready for a shock.
"What is It? Tell me auick."
"Your brother is here."
"Not Beltran?"
"Just Beltran. And his presence Is known. The carabineros are
watching for him outside. Now" Just point him out, and do you leave me
to do the rest. You must stay here where you are."
"I could not. Oh, I must come with you! And, Archie, how can I
point my brother out? I do not know how he is dressed."
"Of course not, querida. I'd forgotten that. But he will be with
Donna Isabel, don't you think, and as minutes are precious, if you told
me how she "
"She Is a Pierrette. I saw her dancing below there not a minute ago.
Oh, there she is, just opposite us, in that box! There is some one with
her, behind the curtain. Let us go to him at once. Dios! .s there no
way of savins: him?"
We went round, and entered the box opposite without knocking.
There was a Pierrot inside, who sprang to hiß feet, and slid a hand to
what was presumably a weapon inside the loose folds of his coat. The
Pierrette who was with him uttered a little cry at the sight of my uni
form, and then burled her face in her hands. Bianca hung a dead weight
on my arm, so that I thought she was going to faint. The Pierrot was th«
only cool one among us.
"Ah," said he, "you are the bungler who has run against me one*
before this evening, .out I did not ask you to bring your apology here,
eenor. Please go."
"Don Beltran." I said, "I believe it lies in my power to do you a
service. Your presence in this place is known to the police, and they
have made preparations to capture you."
I saw his black eyes blaze behind the mask.
"And may I ask, senor, who are you that you should Interest yourself
In the welfare of so humble a person as Don Beltran Descayno?"
"Merely the future husband of your sister. My name is Archie Cal
vert."
"Ah," he said, changing his tone, "I have heard of you. And this
lady is— "
My sweetheart took off her mask. "You!" he said, and drew her to
him and kissed her. "Mr. Calvert, please forgive my rudeness, and toll
us your news."
I gave It to him as pithily as possible, and he heard It unmoved, though
the Pierrette (who, of course, was Isabel la Paz) held his hand and sobbed
over it.
"Carrajo!" he said, vindictively. "I 1 wonder who betrayed me."
"You can think that out afterward," said I. "For the present what's
to be done next? I honestly say I don't know."
"Once outside," he said meditatively, "I should be all right, seeing
that they don't know my dress, and I have a carriage ready waiting. It
there were only some window, now "
"But there is not. They've every point guarded. There are 200 men In
and around the theater."
"Well," he said, "something must be done soon. It's past 3 o'clock,
and the room's beginning to thin. I think I had better go. Ta-ta, Bianca.
Goofl-by, Isabellita."
Miss La Paz put her hands upon his shoulders. "Oh, tell me, querldo,"
she cried, "what are you going to do?"
"Merely go to the door and brush my way out. Don't you fret. It
Will be all right. I shall get clear."
"No, no, no!" she cried, clinging to him. "They would kill you. I
know they would. You could not possibly get out that way. Let me
think — . No, you must be disguised.
"But lam disguised," said Descayno. "Who's to spot me?"
"They will make you unmask. Senor Calvert said so. They will make
all the men unmask."
"Good for the ladies, then," said he lightly. "But really, I will ask
you to excuse me now. I had much better be off before this crowd thins
more."
"No, no, no!" said Donna Isabel, holding him tight. "You cannot go as
you are. It would be suicide. We must change you. You must become a
woman."
"A fine Idea," he said, eagerly enough, "but could it be done?*'
"You shall have my clothes," said Bianca.
"My excellent little sister," said he, "your head doesn't reach my chin.
I should be nowhere in them."
Then I saw vivid blushes chasing themselves across the other perl's
neck, and I knew what she was thinking about. She was tall for her sex:
Don Beltran rather short for his,; and, as it wan. they were both of a
height. He also guessed her thoughts; I could see that, and did not In
tend her to make the sacrifice, because he plucked himself away from her
brusquely, and made for the door of the box.
But ehe cried out to him and insisted, and then before us all she loss
ened her white Pierrette's skirt, and let it slip to the floor. It was no time
for niceties. There was a man's life at stake.
Bianca and I stood in the middle of the box back to back, and the two
others stood in the two opposite angles and exchanged their clothes; and
when they had finished, I turned and saw Donna Isabel in the absurd
loose coat and pantaloons of the Pierrot. But it was no time for merri
ment then.
"Your shoes," she said, "we must exchange those, teo;" and stooped
to take off the pretty little white slippers with their dangling black pom
pons. But there he stopped her at once. "As If I could get into those ab
surdly tiny things!" said he. "Heaven send, though, that no one looks at
my feet."
"Or your head," said I, pointing to the white Pierrot's skull cap which
covered all his hair.
"Peste," he said, T4 fonrotten that."
But Miss la Pas was equal to the occasion. "It Is lucky," said she.
"that I hate to have powder on my own head"— and took off a wig. "So,
she said, fitting it on to his smooth sconce. "Now you should pass. How
lucky it is you are Bmooth faced."
"Well, you ought to be a Judge of that," he said, with an Impudent
smile, and took her in his arms and kissed her pretty, trembling lips forty
times before us both. "And now, Senor Calvert, your arm If you please.
We both masked and went out into the passageway. But Bianca
came with us and walked on her brother's unprotected side. I would not
have permitted this had I kn9wn, but it was too late to turn her back
then. There were crowds of maskers round us, and we were accosted on
every side. Indeed, one fellow (a Wellington, I think he intended himself
to be), boldly suggested that he should carry off one of my charges under
his own escort, and (funnily enough) it was the Pierrette to vhom he
made the offer. As a certificate of appearance the proposal cheered us
wonderfully.
There was no separating to go to the cloak rooms: the weather was too
warm to need wraps, and. with a thumping heart, I led the Pierrette and
the Carmen to, the entrance hall. The place swarmed with carabineros and
at the doorway we were stopped. A lieutenant in spectacles stood before
us and saluted.
§"The senor must kindly unmask," he said.
I protested loudly.
He shrugged his shoulders. "It Is an order," he said. "Myself, I can
not help It. ' ■—
I dragged my mask away with a gesture. "Perhaps," I said, "you are
now satisfied that I am not a thief. Do you wish those ladies to bar©
their faces to you also, or are we to be spared that rudeness?"
The fellow's cheek flushed. "Senor," he said, "It Is hardly right for
you to insult me. I am merely doing- my duty. HI! you outside there! v
Call the carriage of Don Guido Descayno. v " *
A heavy old coach lumbered up out of the darkness. I ushered my
charges onto the back seat and was going to follow myself. But Blanca
stopped me. "Oh, Archie," she said, "how stupid of me. . I have brought
away Donna Isabel's domino instead of my own. Do go and find her and
give it back. You can easily walk to the palacio after us.v
"Certainly," said I, and saying "home" to the cochero, went back into
the theater. And so it was in a cardinal domino with the hood drawn
over her brown unpowdered curls that Isabel la Paz went home that
night. The absurd Pierrot's dress never came to light, for though the
. domino was short, the pantaloons had somehow vanlsned from, sight
when she walked on my arm down the grand staircase, and all that was
to be seen beneath the cardinal folds were trim white-clocked stockings
of silk and the tiny high-heeled slippers with their dancing black pom
pons And whether Don Beltran claimed his property afterward I cannot
tell, because the pair of them are married now and he is under bonds not
to divulge secrets. .
♦v Bu really very little of the matter has ever come to light. It was only
the other day In the cafe of the Lion dOr that I met the spectacled lieu
tenant who had made me unmask— still a lieutenant by the way— and he
told me that to this day the Police of Barcelona do not know how Don
Beltran escaned them. "The fellow seemed to have vanished into thin
air senor," he said, in a tone of disgust, "and yet we knew that he was
Inside at one period of the evening. -I am sure I did my duty thoroughly
and you yourself Can bear witness how unpleasant it was. And yet
™«£ l.th * *Tih * 800 i? *? 2 me^ even J to this day. It is hard that a married
man with children should be denied promotion so long for such a cause "
E But I have told both Isabel and Bianca what the poor man said, and
I am sure that one or other of them will pull a string or two in his favor
t ha t see, we are all still on excellent termS although Bianca did marry
that fool from the embassy. .-
HIS SATANIC MAJESTY'S HOME QUARTERS. v
"~?fv^ < h °.,? ia^ b ! en anßr,a nBr , "♦ 'i" 1 * 6 ," and has been ; pointing out the devil's thla
and. the devil that for the last two hours)-An > that's the ; devil's punch bowl.
ye* , Ann^r. ■ . . -
• Tourlst-The devil seems to own a good deal of property about here; Pat!
~ Y Ji' r ! r . oi * n X" nn . er But ' loike most » v the other landlord*, he splnds
most ay his toime in London Punch. v" ' .^ ■BIG GAMES OF FAN-TAN.
Weird scenes around the gaming-tables When the Ghinese sailors, stripped to the
croWd around, and th? soldiers, missionaries, globe-trotters ar\d other traveler*
are tempted to take a hand at tables backed by big chests filled With gold and silver.
MUCH has been told of the "flush
times" on the Mississippi and
the big games at cards, where
a man would lose an estate or
win a fortune on a single trip
between Memphis and New
Orleans; also of the high gambling on
the Atlantic liners, which, in spite o-f
the efforts to suppress it, has been the
cause of many a tra§red5 r .
But little, however, has ever found
Its way into print about such incidents
on a voyage across the Pacific on the
big China steamers. They offer to
their patrons opportunities for observ
ing, or, if they choose, participating in
games that are about as unique and
Interesting as are to be seen anywhere
in the world. Square games, but sure
winners in the long run. Games that
run day and night; where you can play
anything from 5 cents to $5000 on a
single bet, and have a chance to bet
every two or three minutes all day and
all night through.
The games are owned and run by
Chinamen who are employed on the
chip. You can find nice quiet games
of whist or euchre and such going on
in the smoking-room, or even a game of
poker with a small ante and a moderate
limit, among friends, of course, for
there are no professional card players
on the Pacific liners except aa chance
passengers.
To see the real gambling you must
work your way through the mass of
almond-eyed Asiatics to the aft part of
the ship, where the Chinese crew,
kitchen and saloon men and coal
passers are quartered. There you will
find the game called fan-tan in full
blast.
There are other gambling games be
sides fan-tan go-ing on at times about
the after deck, but fan-tan is the great
and absorbing interest- for both play
ers and spectators, the spectators gen
erally becoming players sooner or later
if they look on long enough.
Fan-tan, like poker ">vith the Amer
icans, is the great game with the Chi
nese, both on sea and land. It is not
played with cards, but with buttons or
suchlike small things of uniform size.
On shipboard the layout is simple
and inexpensive; a table nearly breast
high, about two and a half by three
feet, on which is marked a sauare eight
or ten inches long on each side, a small
bowl full of common china or bone but
tons and a small stick about eighteen
inches long, slightly curved at one side.
Two men manage the game — the
counter or dealer, who stands on a box
or sits on a hi-h stool at one end of the
tabJ". and the cashier who stands near
him with a well filled pouch of silver
(Mexican dollars) and gold, English or
American, and a roll of paper money,
Japanese yen, American bills and Bank
of England notes. The Mexican dol
lar is the standard 'currency of the
game, though. Bets are at times made
and paid in any of the other moneys,
or in fractional pieces from one sen ud.
Near at hand is a well filled money
ch^st. always under the close watch of
one or more of the owners of the same
who may be off duty. From this well
filled chest the cashier may replenish
his pouch should fortune smile long
enough on some bold and heavy player.
Every deal generally leaves the game
more or less ahead after paying the
winners.
On a recent voyage on the steamer
China there were three games of fan
tan going night and day from the time
th" Golden Gate was left until Mele
Head, at the entrance to Yokohama
Bay. has turned.
The game that is owned and run by
the captain's "boy" and the saloon
men is said to carry $30,000 in its money
CHINESE IN BOND.
Trvjirvg Their Besc to Find a Hole ir\ the LaW
THE Pacific Mail dock looks de
serted these days, but housed
up aloft in the main building
are hundreds of Chinese. The
extraordinary employment of
the big China mail steamers for trans
port duty has sidetracked these "na
tive sons," "merchants," "travelers"
and "professional coolies," all struggling
to find a hole in the Chinese restriction
law and gain admission to this country.
Not only does the Pacific Mail Com
pany guard these "bonded Chinese"
with vigilant care, for It means a pay
ment of $500 if one of them escapes,
but a lynx-eyed Federal custom house
officer watches them night and day.
At the Joot of this stairway yester
day sat this customs officer in his a r m
chair; above was a crowd of curious
Chinese, packed like sardines in a tin.
.They were all striving downward
toward the forbidden land of promise,
where so many good American dollars
were to be won. Only the presence of
the man in uniform detained them.
"It's getting on supper time," he re
marked, as he waved them back,
"that's why they're so excited."
I soon understood the reason for all
the fuss, for Just then a couple of huge
trucks, propelled by stalwart men, ap
peared at the entrance to the dock.
More Chinese, emboldened by the re
tirement of the officer, emerged from
above, pigtailed heads peered surrep
titiously over the barrier; there was a
eubdued chorus of "heap good."
From a Mongolian point of view it
was undoubtedly "heap good." The
trucks were laden with huge baskets
of snow white rice, great tins of vege
table soup, hot and greasy, evil smell
ing fish of the kind which the China
man particularly delights in, and, to
wind up with, many cans of steaming
black tea. It was a fp;ist to win the
heart of an Oriental, though a Cau
casian would have turned from it in
disgust.
"The great thing," said Mr. Busse,
the restaurant keeper, who feeds all
Itese men by contract, "is to give them
chest, besideß having a large reserve
fund in bank at both ends of the run.
in San Francisco and in Hongkong.
This game is more largely patronized
by the cabin passengers than either of
the others, as the men are a little
cleaner looking, and it has the better
location— near the entrance to the nar
row, close and ill-smelling place where
they hold forth.
The second game la run by the coal
passers who are on duty four hours and
off eight. It is the next in location to
the first, and next in favor with the
passengers who may not find place at
the other table. This game has a fund
•of $22,000, besides a reserve in bank for
backing purposes.
The owners of the third game are
members of the crew, which from
boatswain down is made up entirely of
Chinamen. It has a fund of $18,000, and
also a reserve. This game is almost
exclusively patronized by the Chinese
employes and Asiatic steerage passen
gers. A white man could hardly stand
a long turn in the place where it is lo
cated, way back in the narrow passage
between the rows of bunks, which are
generally occupied by half naked, ill
smelling Chinese.
How do the people In the cabin come
in contact with these games bo far re
moved from their Quarters on the upper
decks ?
Easily and quickly enough. When
the land has faded from view and you
have got your things well arranged in
your cabin you are apt to take a stroll
about the ship. You see that there is
something which holds a crowd about
it, and naturally you seek to know
what it is. You may shrink away with
a kind of disgust at first, but sooner or
later, as time begins to hang on your
hands, you will go thaf way again and
eventually try a turn at what seems to
be and really is a simple and "square"
game. Once begun the chances are that
you will put in a little time every day
trying to add to what you may have
won or recoup what you have lost, and
then it is only a question of time when
the game will surely get your money,
for the percentage, of chance is in its
favor.
Or again you may be strolling the
deck or sitting in the saloon reading,
when your table boy will come up smil
ing with: "You see China game, 'fan
tan'? Ver nici, good. I show you."
Under his guidance you are taken di
rectly to the popular table, that of the
saloon boys. You may or may not try
it on the first visit, but however you
get tfhere, the result is the same.
A fan-tan game in full blast is full of
interest to the student of human nature
as well as the gambler. Around the
table is a most promiscuous crowd of
players and spectators, jammed in as
thick as they can stand, a preponder
ance, of course, of Chinamen, members
of the ship's company, some naked to
the waist, others with only an under
shirt and loose drawers, Chinese pas
sengers, who are generally numerous
and natural and inveterate gamesters,
and the not so many but the mucn
desired patrons from the cabin, who
are generally well supplied with money
and credit and much inclined to larger
betting.
■ Among these on a late trip was young
Lord , son of the Duke of , tour
ing the world. He made and lost with
little variation many a bet of five sov
ereigns nearly every day after he left
San Francisco. Then there was young
Dr. , from Cleveland, touring the
world with his young wife. He parted
with all his cash in hand and a large
sum that he borrowed from the purser
on his letter of rredit, in all 58000. He
had to cable from Yokohama for ad
ditional funds to continue his trip.
The dealer at his end of the table
turns the bowl full of buttons upside,
down on the table, and scraping away
with his stick all which are uncovered,
good rice. If the rice 1b of poor duality,
or is burned or not properly cooked,
there is sure to be a kick cominjr. I
have learned from experience what
they want."
There was no need to call for volun
teeers to carry the repast above. Scores
of Chinamen offered their services, and
baskets and tins were transferred in a
trice to the upper rooms.
It was curious to note the natural
eagerness of the Chinese to secure the
best portions. To the Western eye one
tin of rice was much the same as an
other, but the Mongolian has a better
way of Judging. Each Chinaman, as
he presented his ticket, tried 'surrepti
tiously to pick out the best mess. This
they did, not by looking at the food, but
by lifting the tins.
"They're great at hefting," remarked
the steward, "they can tell to an ounce
—No you don't, John; take the first
tin."
This to a Chinaman who was calmly
appropriating a prize lot from the back
of the pile.
"First come, first served, is the rule
here; they've got to take the dishes in
their order, or else we would have no
end of confusion."
At last every one was supplied with
his meal, and we were free to walk
through this human warren, threading
our way. as best we could, amid con
fused throngs of Chinamen. The place,
which forms a kind of mezzanine story
to the dock, was originally used as an
office by the Pacific Mail Company. It
has only one floor, and is not much big
ger than an ordinary four-roomed cot
tage. Yet, on tho day of my visit, no
less than 357 Chinamen, including two
women, were confined in this narrow
compass. There they were, squatting
on the floor, around boxes and bundles
of all kinds, each one shoveling in rice
with a pair of chopsticks. The rooms
are of all sizes and shapes. It 1b a per
fect honeycomb of small apartments,
and the mat-covered bunks rise in tiers
five or six high. Right up on top, close
to the ceiling. Chinamen in every
stage of deshabille were perched;
everywhere thre was a surfeit of hu
manity.
Yet, to do the Mongolian Justice, It
must be admitted that, in spite of the
overcrowding and insanitary condi
tions, the atmosphere was by no means
THE SAX FBA3TCISCO CALL, SXJKDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
signals for the beta to be mafle. He
seldom speaks. About the square be
fore him the various bets are placed.
When all Is ready he raises the cup,
Bets it aside and proceeds to scrape
away the buttons that It covered, four
at a time, until the last scrape, which
may have four, three, two or one but
ton. Now the cashier takea a hand.
To those who placed their money on the
side of the square next to the dealer,
No. 1, provided one button remained In
the last count, he pays them twice the
amount they bet. To those on No. 3,
Just opposite, he returns their bets.
They neither win nor lose. Everything
on numbers 8 and 4, to the right and
left of the square, loses. The same rule
obtains in the other squares when the
count ends in 2, 3 or 4.
Even an occasional missionary Is said
to have succumbed to the tedium of the
long and monotonous voyage and
wooed the heathen goddess fan
tan to his sorrow. Not always
bo, however. One reverend gen
tleman, with something of a spor
tive turn, found pitching quoits
(the only recreation available) a little
too tame on the fifth day out from
Honolulu, and longed for something
more exciting. So when the Chinese
waiter, who looked upon him simply
as a man, extended an invitation to see
the "ver' nice" fan-tan, he accepted.
He did not play the first time, but he
did go back and did play, at first los
ing nearly all his ready money. Then,
the "luck turning" In his favor, he won
some $450, which in Mexican money
made a rather unhandy parcel to con
ceal from his wife and two female co
workers who were voyaging with him.
He succeeded in doing so, however, un
til he got the purser to give him gold
for his silver. He might have had the
gold instead of eilver at first if he had
not been too secretive to let any one
know what he had won. Through the
purser the story got about the ship.
Such things, even for missionaries, ex
cite but little comment on an ocean
steamer.
Fan -tan on these steamers is sure to
win in the end, as many of the soldier
boys who went on the China to Manila
can testify, or the large increase in
the contents of the three strong boxes
might evidence. Most of the boys had
more or less pocket cash. The three
games are said to run without inter
mission throughout the voyage. Few
RAISES SNAKES TO EAT.
THERE are snake stories and snake
stories — this one differs from the
others in that it is true.
Down on the Colorado River, a
few miles below the Needles, on
the Arizona side, lives a man whose
steady diet consists of snakes. He is
not an Indian, nor an epicure, but Just
a plain American citizen by the name
of Carl Bond, who eats snakes because
he likes to do so, and more particularly
because they come handy. He lives in
a little old cabin made of cottonwood,
Scenes on tlpe Pacific Mail DocK Where Several HujQtfreji Chinese /^re J^eld "In Bopd,"
Passengers and Crew Rub
Elbows fn Their Zeal
to Play the Games.
that patronized them had a cent left
when they reached Manila, and many
of them had pledged their pay for sev
eral months ahead to get funds to play
the game when their own were ex
hausted.
with a queer sort of scaffold or trellis
built* near the door; and here In the
sunny season he dries his legless and
wingless game and bo hoards up pro
visions against a rainy day.
He Is a simple man and not at all
averse to talking about his gastronomic
specialty. Visit him and he will ex
plain the trellis and the mode of "jerk
ing" snakes and ask you to dinner to
boot.
Say to him: "Snakes! Why, you
don't eat snakes?" and be will smile
as amiably as though he had never
On« of the pan-fan Gardes In Full Blast on Board th« China Steanjer
heard the same exclamation a thou
sand times before.
"What do you eat?" he will ask by
way of argument. And when you say
beef, mutton, pork, veal and fowl he
will tell you that he has forgotten all
these grosser fleshes; that butcher
shops do not abound in his neighbor
hood; that snakes are easy to catch
and first-rate to eat.
"I used to eat frogs, long time ago,"
he will go on, "like the dudes in the
city, but soon as I once tasted snake
I said good-by to frogs. Why, now I
fatten my best snakes on frogs."
Then he will lead you around behind
the cabin to a large willow eagre full of
assorted serpentn writhing and hissing.
This Is where he fattens them. And
with a stick he will poke them into hiss
and action and show off their points as
a farmer would the points of his prize
swine.
"You see the river here," pointing a
finger, "is full of fine big frogs. When
ever I go on the hunt and catch a snake
that is not quite rine for killing. I bring
him home alive, throw him in a cage
and give him- some frogs for company.
Snakes all like frogs. I've seen one
snake get awr.y with six or seven life
sized frogs in a day. Of course the
snakes are a little shy at first, but hun
ger soon thaws them out. It would do
you good to see the wav they put those
bie hopping frogs out of sight. And the
more they eat the fatter they get. You
see a snake's ribs are about like 'a
beef's, they tell the condition. As soon
as the ribs ar well covered over, and
the skin smooth and shining I know
that my meat is ready. Besides snakes
are easier to handle when they're full
of frogs. They get a big bulge just back
of the head and will mope around like
ON THE MAIL POLK.
So That They Gar\ Cr«cp Into JKis Country.
so bad as might have been expected.
"We treat a Chinaman Just as if he
was a cheat of tea or a box of opium,"
said the inspector. "We hold him till
we get authority to set him free, and
th« company, meanwhile, is responsible
for his safe-keeping. If- a Chinaman
escapes, the Mail Company has to pay
a fine of $600, so you can understand
that It is careful"
There are men in this place who have
been detained for weeks and months
owing to some defects in their papers.
In one instance the term of imprison
ment was lengthened to over half a
year, yet this was an exceptional case.
On the whole the Chinamen seem
cheerful and happy. Their meal over,
they settle themselves down to gamble,
though heaven knows most of the poor
wretches have little enough to lose.
Dominoes, exactly like those used by
the Europeans, seem to be the favorite
sport, but there are many who prefer
the funny looking Chinese playing
cards, long and thtn, and covered with
all sortß of curious spots.
In one corner of the building, after
passing through a maze of narrow
rooms, we come upon a jealously
locked door. "The women's quarter,"
says the attendant, as he feels for his
key.
There are but two Chinese maidens
here now, and, squatted on their bunks,
they greet us with feminine coquetry.
Obviously they know their importance
and the difficulty which attends their
admission to Uncle Sam's land of gold.
Eve, a vivacious little thing, gnaws
smilingly at her apple, and poses for
the artist with the tatmost composure.
"Look, see," she cries, as he exhibits
the rough draft of her picture.
Eve chuckles with delight as she
gazes on the Bketch. "Me, mej' she
cries, and, her English being exhaust
ed, exchanges voluble Chinese comment
with her sister in captivity.
It must not be supposed, however,
though there are such a large number
of Chinese at the Mail dock hotel, that
there has been any great increase in
immigration of late. It simply hap
pens that there are no steamers in port,
and consequently the Chinese have to
be detained ashore. When a steamer
is in port the company prefers to keep
them on. boaxd a. vessel.
Big Chests Heaped With
v Gold and Silver. Are
■ Behind ■" the 1 ; Games. ;
a fat cat Bnakes are food enough tar
me. The lowest I ever got was lizards,
which alnt very delicate eating."
And then if you have been very pa
tient and interested, Mr. Bond will In
troduce you to the mysteries of the
cuisine.
First, he catches his snake by deftly
surrounding him with a hair hoop,
which tightens as it reaches the fat
tened neck. Holding him out at arm*
length, he speaks admiringly of his con
dition. A keen hatchet removes the
head, the body is hung up, and, still
wriggling, goes through the process of
dressing. After the disemboweling the
Bkin is cut in strips and peeled off as
the small boy peels the salmon.
Then comes the cooking. If It is a
roast he wants, Mr. Bond will place the
remains in the ashes, where they will
do to a turn in three hours; If a fry,
small pieces are in order, and no grease
Is needed in the pan. And all that is
left over goes into a fancy stew for th«
morrow.
Mr. Bond eats all sorts of snakes,
from the harmless garter to the deadly
rattler. "Only I'm careful about the
rattlers," he will say. "Sometimes they
bite themselves in the catching, and I
don't want any of that kind of indiges
tion."
A sermon defeats itself when it Is not—
shall we say?— hearable. So Anthony
Trollope says about books: "Of all the
needs a book has, the chief need 1b that It
be readable." Wilkie Collins has the same
thought. "Let me add that I never got
any good out of a book that did not in
terest me in the first instance."— Homl
letic Review.
B. B. Meredith, the chief of the Chi
nese bureau, Is of opinion that the
number of Chinese in the State Is
rapidly decreasing, "The annual de
partures," he said, "exceed the arrivals
by at least 2000. That is to say, if 6000
Chinamen leave in a year, only 4000 re-
turn. A little over twenty years ago
there were more than 60,000 Chinamen
in San Francisco alone. To-day there
are less than that number in the whole
State."
Mr. Meredith estimates the Chinese
population of California at about 56,500,
divided as follows: San Francisco,
25,000; Los Angeles, 4000; Sacramento,
3000; Stockton, 3000, and 20,000 in small
er towns and scattered over the coun
try. The application of the exclusion
law is now so stringent that it is ex
ceedingly difficult for a Chinaman to
get in fraudulently. The old tricks
have long since been exposed and the
statute gives no opening for new ones.
Since 1882 a strict record has been kept
of every departing Chinaman, and his
photograph preserved in the custontfr
archives. Consequently It is almost
impossible for a substitute to coast
back in his place. There is more troll*
ble, however, with the so-called native
sons, for they all claim to have be«n
born here before 1882, when there was
no registration of Chinese.
In these disputed cases the examina
tion may be a long and tedious one.
and may end by a resort to that fa
vorite legal device, a habeas corpus
writ. The attorney and the customs
officers fight it out, and meanwhile the
unfortunate subjects of the dispute are
imprisoned at the Mail dock, paying
their own board, and uncertain whether
they will not have also to pay for a re
turn ticket to China. ROgE . SOLEY>
"I don't like that Mamie . Btrawboara.
She looks sly." . -
"Yes, she does. She looks to me Ilk* a
flrl who would announce her engagement
o Hfero Hobson, and then write and ask
him how he dared start such an absurd
story. '—Cleveland Plain Dealer. ,
" "I > suppose golf - will - gradually dl» ' «vw
here, a* every other same has?' :, .. -- -
:-. "Possibly; but statistics show . It '■ is not
JUk^l* to dlfjqf 3&JSb^mV9*J**s
2526
SOCIETY.
SOCIETY is somewhat ham
pered Just at present by the
political net, which seems to
have spread itself all over
town and to have caught in
its meshes n>'>st of the male members
of the smart set.
T.i the masculine mind affairs social
pale into utter insignificance before
the all-absorbing question of politics.
The glorious weather, too, which, if
it continues much longer will leave us
without any winter season at all, con
tinues to lend a charm to out-of-door
Hports, and golf and tennis still be
guile in spite of town attractions.
All the feminine world seems to have
been sending out cards for reception
days to extend through the winter
months.
These receptions will take the form
of "small and earlies," and will be a
much more comfortable way of enter
taining than to give one large re
ception to which every one is invited.
This latter mode of entertainment, un
less one's house is especially adapted
for entertaining on a large scale, in
variably results in an uncomfortable
crush that Is satisfactory to no one.
One of the first of these receptions
was held Friday at the home of Mrs.
M. A. Kittle, on Steiner street, and will
be continued on Fridays in iSuvember.
Mrs. Charles H. Wood also received
her friends on the same day at her
home, 2016 California street, and will
continue to do so each Friday through
November.
Mrs. Blair and Miss Jennie Blair.
■who are at the Hotel Savoy, will re
ceive on Mondays, and Mrs. James A.
Robinson, at the Hotel Pleasanton, will
be at home Mondays in November and
January.
Mrs. ISmilie A. Trlpler has also sent
out cards for the first and third Mon
days in November* and February.
Mrs. C. F. Mulllns. whose daughter,
Miss Maud Mullins. will be one of. this
Benson's debutantes, hns issued cards
for the second and fourth Fridays in
November and January.
• * •
It will not be long before the debu
tantes will be coming to the fore. One
or two of them made their bow to the
gay world during the past week.
Notably Miss olive Holbrook, who
led the german with Edward H. Shel
don last Friday evening, when the Fri
day Fortnightly Club gave its opening
party.
Yesterday Miss Josephine Loughbor
ough was Introduced to society at a
very delightful matinee tea. which her
mother, Mrs. A. H. Loughborough.
gave at her residence on u'Farrell
street.
Those who assisted her in receiving
were: Mrs. William F. Whittier, Miss
Gertrude Carroll, Miss Therese Mor
gan, Miss Ethel Keeney. Miss Olive
Holbrook, Mis? Susan Blandlng and
Miss Kate Salisbury.
• • •
A few affairs have been announced
for the future, although, aside from the
luncheon which the West Borosis Club
will give on Wednesday at the Univer
sity Club, there is little on the calendar
for the present week.
The date of Miss Ethel Murphy's
wedding has been set for the 23rd of
November, and on Fridny evening, No
vember 18, Miss Josephine Loughbor
ough will give a large dinner party.
• ■ *
A quU-i WF-ddinptook place at the Man
hattan Hotel in New York City on
November 1. which is of in
terest to San Francisco. The bride was
Miss Hilda i "astle, third daughter of
the late Frederick L. Castle and sister
of Miss Eva Castle, Mrs. Charles D.
Farquarson, "Walter M. Castle, Albert
Castle and Arthur Castle of this city.
Through her beauty, accomplishments
and geniality she has been a favorite
with hf»r many friends h^re. The- groom
was Thomas L. Cunningham, who is
the representative of the Union Iron
Works In London. He holds a very re
sponsible position and is highly es
teemed. There were no attendants.
The bride's, mother gave her daughter
into the keeping of the groom. The
happy couple sailed the following day
on the steamship 3ritannlc for London,
where they will reside.
• • *
Mr. and Mrs. J. W. Dayan, whose
daughter. Miss Katherine Clemmons.
was lately married to Howard Gould
in New York, gave a reception in honor
of President and Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan at their home on University ave
nue, Palo Alto, Saturday evening, Oc
tober 29. The grounds and driveway
leading to the house were illuminated
with Japanese lanterns strung through
rows of palm trees. The front porch
was a mass of tropical plants, and the
interior a bower of flowers.
Mrs. Dayan wae assisted in receiving
by her daughter, Mrs. C. B. Overacker
of Oakland.
Refreshments were served by a num
ber of young society people of Palo
Alto.
Among those present were the fol
lowing: Dr. and Mrs. David Starr Jor
dan. Mrs. Leland Stanford, Mrs. Over
acker, T. H. Goodman, Mr. and Mrs.
J. A Hosmer, Professor and Mrs. F.
Sanford, Dr. C. H. Gilbert and wife,
Mr. and Mrs. E. C. Hughes, Mr. and
Mrs. J. S. Butler, Professor E. M.
Pease, Miss Butler, Miss Belle Butler,
Miss Mabplle V. Drake, Miss Be Del,
Miss Beatrice Hughes. Miss Wigle,
Miss Beatrice Wigle, Miss Edith Jor
dan, Miss Hosmer, Miss Gilman, Judge
G. G. Wlgle, Phil Gilman, Ed Gilman,
Frederick H. Drake, Rev. D. Charles
Gardner, Rev. and Mrs. Gaybill, Mrs.
Lothrop, Professor and Mrs. Murray,
Professor Newcomer, Mr. and Mrs. C.
H. (iilman.
• • •
Mrs. John X* Wholly and her little
daughter, who have been the guests
of Mrs. Eleanor Martin for the past
few weeks, left on Wednesday for
Southern California, where they will
make an extended stay.
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker gave an
elaborate dinner party last Wednesday
evening at their residence on California
street in honor of their guests, Mr. and
Mrs. Charles A. Chllds of New York
City. Covers were laid for twenty, and
the table decorations were in exquisite
taste. A string orchestra played
throughout the evening.
Those invited to meet Mr. and Mrs.
Chi Ids were: Mr. and Mrs. Clinton E.
Worden, Mr. and Mrs. John E. de Ruy
ter, Mr. and Mrs. William H. Crocker.
Prince and Princess Poniatowski, Mrs.
Brown, Miss Kate Clement, Miss Alice
Rutherford. Miss Emma Rutherford,
Irving M. Scott, J. A. Hart, George E.
Hall and Charles N. Felton Jr.
• * •
On Thursday afternoon Mrs. Samuel
G. Buckbee gave a charming matinee
tea at her residence, 1609 Sutter street,
complimentary to Mrs. G. A. Allen and
Miss Elizabeth Anderson of Vancouver
Barracks and Miss Merriam. daughter
of General Merriam, U. S. A.
Mrs. G. A. Allen and Miss Elizabeth
Anderson, daughter of Major General
Anderson, U. S. A., are at present the
guests of Mrs. I. B. Van Winkle, at her
residence, 2319 Scott street. They are
en route to Join their father, who is
stationed at Manila.
• • •
Mrs. Southard Hoffman and Miss Alice
Hoffman are at the Occidental Hotel, pre
paratory to departing on November 10 for
Honolulu, where they will spend the win
ter.
Mr. and Mrs. w. P. Harrington and the
Misses Harrington have taken the Ben
der residence at ISI2 Goiigh street for the
winter.
Mrs. D. A. Bender and Miss Ella Ben
dor will leave shortly for New York.
• • •
Miss Ethel Rodgers, who has been
spending the summer with her cousin.
Miss Juliette Williams, at San Rafael,
will soon return to her home in the East:
Mrs. B. Chandler Howard is at the Pal
ace Hotel for the winter.
Mrs. L. H. Clement and Mips Ethel
! Clement, who, since their return to Amer
i ica. have been visiting relatives in New
Hampshire, have started for home, and
will reach here about November 15. Miss
I Clement Is the young San Francisco girl
i who has been studying art in Paris and
i who won distinction there ciuite recently
1 by having a picture accepted by the
| salon. Not only was it accepted, but it
! was given a place of honor on the line.
Mr. and Mrs. D. Ernest Melliss left for
- New York City last week, whence they
i wii! shortly sail for Venezuela-
Mr, and Mrs. George C. Boardraan have
i been spending the past week in Southern
I California.
Mrs. E. J. McCutcheon left for the East
on Saturday last.
Lieutenant E. E. Benjamin, First In
fantry, U. S. A., is at the Presidio re
cuperating from fever contracted during
the Santiago campaign. He expects
i shortly to rejoin his regiment.
• • •
Mr. and Mrs. Frank D. Willey have
; moved from their home at 2115 California
Street to the Hotel Savoy for the winter.
Mrs. D. M. Delmas and Miss Delmas
; departed last week for the East and Eu-
rope.
'i'he engagement is announced of Colonel
Perrie Kewen, only son of the late Col
onel E. J. C. Kewen, and Miss Jones,
daughter of Major E. W. Jones of Los
Angeles.
An interesting engagement just an
nounced is that of Miss Abbie Clift,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. William Cliff,
and Irving Lundburg. Miss Clift is one
of the younger girls, and bright, popular
and pretty. Mr. l.undburg is in the San
Francisco National Bank. The wedding
is to take place on December .5. and is to
be a very elaborate affair. Miss Jean
Clift is to be maid of honor and Miss
Harriet Klttredge and Miss Grace Gorrill
bridesmaids.
•• • •
A reception in honor of the engage
ment of Miss Becky Rice and Jacob L.
Silbersteln will be held to-day at 1212 Bu
chanan street, from YJ. to 5 o'clock.
The Sun Francisco Conservatory of Mv- I
Bic, under the directorship of E. S. Bonelli.
will give a concert at Metropolitan Temple
Thursday morning, November 10. A
varied and attractive programme has
been arranged for the occasion.
Mr and Mrs. M. J. Newmark and Miss
Rose Newmark of Los Angeles are visit-
Ing Mrs. Newmark's parents at 1917
Franklin street.
A most pleasant surprise party was
given to George Siller at his home. 2X13
Blanding avenue, Alameda, last Satur
d:±\ evening, the event being the annl
versary of his twenty-first birthday. The
bouse was handsomely decorat'-d with
ferns and Chinese lanterns. The evening
was spent In music, Halloween games
and dancing.
Among those present wore: Mr. and
Mrs F A. Hardwick, Tillle I'eterson, .
Bertha Geopel, Florence Barr, Julia I
Minn. Mamie Winn, Annie Slegler, Lottie '
Spies. Hattie Heider, Bertha Siegler. \
Katie Meyer, Lena Bastlan, Adele Hei
der Annie Petry, Rosie Siegler, Sophie
Spies Josie Bibrian, Messrs. Louis
Schultz, Louis Siegler, Thomas Wil
liams • Henry Sousa, Charles Rocke, |
Arthur Larsen. Tom Morgan, Edward
Peck Tom Winn, Edward Parker, Wal
ter Lebrecht, Gus Petry, Sam Davis, C.
Bastian, Edward Gonzalea and George
Siegler. ( ( ,
The home of Chester M. Arthur at 1360
Buchanan etreet last Monday evening
was the scene of a Halloween reception,
tendered to a few intimate friends.
Among the guests were: The Misses
Edyth and Anne MacCrossen, Miss Edith
Dri'scoli, Miss I»aisy Swao.e, Miss Mubel
Ferries Miss Daisy Jeffries, Frank Mc-
Cormick, Carl JohnHon, Lieutenant T.
Jean Rosenberg, U. S. V., and C. Hill of
Larkspur.
Miss Mac Curley left on the 2d for
Providence, R. 1., to attend the wedding
of her cousin, which will take place in
that city November 9. Miss Curley in
tends remaining East until after the holi
days. , , ,
On Wednesday evening last J. N. Lyon
of Sonora was married to Miss Alice
Fitzgerald of Stent, Tuolumne County.
A delightful Halloween party was given
last -Monday evening at the home of Miss
Alzadia Morris. 1K:!7 Green street, to a
number of friends of the Fifty-first lowa,
Games, dancing and music were indulged
in until a late hour, when the guests par
took of a bounteous repast. Among the
invited guests were Mr. and Mrs. Cor
nelius Remsen Morris, Mrs. Caroline E.
Hildebrand, Gus Cook. Company F, Twen
tieth Kansas: <'arl March Gardner, Com
pany L, Fifty-first Iowa; Arthur Gard
ner," Company J., Fifty-first Iowa; Miss
Alzadia Morris, William Ernest Corris,
Miss Caroline Timer, Rudolph TJlmer,
Miss Nonle Jennings, Miss Delphine Jen
nings, Richard Rutherford, Company L,
Fifty-first Iowa: William Johnson, Com
pany L, Fifty-first Iowa; Frank C. Rey
nolds, Miss Marguerite Duffy. Lieutenant
Harry M. Gurren, Company D, First Cali
fornia, U. S. V.; Edward Bowes, Miss
Mary Cosgrlff and Harry Hall Cosgriff.
• • *
Mrs. Eli Lewelllng of San Lorenzo and
Mrs. Edward B. Young have issued cards
for a series of Informal receptions during
the month of November at 1700 Fell street.
The engagement reception of Dr. Ralph
J. Schlrman and Miss Hannah Edwards
will be held to-day, from 2 to 5, at 714
Buchanan street.
The engagement Is announced of Miss
Hattie Joseph to Louis Bernstein.
Mr. and Mrs. A. Rahwyler announce the
engagement of their daughter lilllle to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAT, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
Max Elselen. The wedding will take
place Wednesday, November 23.
• • *
Among the passengers who sailed on
the steamship Martposa for Honolulu and
Australia were:
Mrs. D. B. Abbey, W. C. Achl, S. T. Al
exander and wife. Miss Alexander. Miss
A. M. Alexander, Miss Martha M. Al
exander Miss Allen, W, Armstrong, Miss
Barnard, Mrs. J. Bradbury, C. Bussa,
Herbert Carr, Mrs. M. Carroll, Miss A.
Donnell, Mrs. F. G. Donnell, Miss M. Don
nell, M. Emory, Colonel Richard Evans,
Miss Foster, Mrs. W. M. Giffard. Miss
Giffard, F. L. Gordon and wife, John
Griffin. Mrs. T. J. Higgins, Mrs. Hough
and infant. Miss M. H. Laughlin, Miss M.
A. Laughlin. Charles H. Llndholm, C. H.
Mason, H. McQuarry, H. McVicker, wife
and child, Misa McVicker, L. "Morosco, J.
Morriss, Dr. B. S. Nichols, Miss Nance
O'Neil McKee Rankin. F. Robins, Mrs.
Ruland and two children. Dr. C. A. Rug
gles, wife and daughter, G. Schu
man and wife; H. Schussler and
wife, Charles W. Soule and wife,
H. Stanley, F. E. Steers and wife, L. R.
Stockwell, Miss Stockwell, Captain
Thomas G. Taylor, Miss B. V. Taylor,
Miss H. E. Taylor, Miss M. L. Taylor,
Mrs. E. K. Taussig, J. L. Torbert, Mrs.
C. Torbert. J. Trimble, T. Tuther, J.
Treweek, Paul de la Vergne and wife, H.
A. Weaver, J. Well, C. B. Wells and son,
G. N. Wllcox, Mrs. L. R. Williams, Mrs.
H. E. Winslow, O. Riedl. H. A. Banner,
W. Burns, Captain M. Cradock, James
Ferris. Mrs. Harriet Pryne and two chil
dren, R. 13. Cameron and wife, T. Chap
man, wife and child; Mrs. D. Conroy, N.
Green, G. Gunner&en and wife, J. Har
rington Jones, A. F. Musgrave, W. A.
Peairs, F. Pyle Jr., Mr. Reed Miss Ercel
Rogers, Miss V. K. Roper, Miss 0. M.
Roper. D. G. Sharp, Thomas Stephens, A.
E. Tankard, R. \V. Thurlow, R. N. Wells,
wife and child; Isaac E. Thalman.
* • •
The engagement is announced of Miss
Mete. Zelhißky. daughter of Mrs. Rosalie
Zelinsky, to Sol Charmach of Woodland:
The engagement is announced of Dr.
Ralph J. Sehirman to Miss Hannah Ed
wards, daughter of Mr. and Mrs. D. Kd
wards. They will receive Sunday, No
vember 6, from 2 to 5, at 714 Buchanan
street.
Ann' unccment Is made of the engage
ment of Miss Eullla M. Aycrs to Edward
F. Treadwell, both of this city. »
The German Ladies' Benevolent So
ciety, "Red Cross," will give a costume
carnival of all nations and cosmopolitan
gathering on Saturday evening, Novem
ber 12, at Saratoga Hall, 814 Geary street.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Lillle Ollnsky and Harry Kinspel of Ea
kersfield. They will recnvc at t'23 Octavia
street on November 13.
• * *
A gTand bazaar tor the benefit of the
St. Matthew's German Lutheran Church
will take place at Union Square Hall on
Wednesday. Thursday, Friday and Sat
urday, November 2. 3, 4 and 5, afternoons
and evenings. An interesting musical
programme has' been arranged for each
evening.
John C. Currier and family have re
turned from San Mateo. where they have
been spending the summer, and have
taken the residence 1804 Broadway.
» » •
A surprise party was tendered Mrs.
Leon de Roos at her new residence, 1046
Golden Gate avenue, on the evening of
the 30th.
The evening passed quickly amid a
round of mirth, song, speech and dancing.
Among those present we're: Mr. and Mrs.
George Davis, Mr.and Mrs. Harry Ankel.
Mr. and Mrs. John B. Mendes. Mr. and
Captain Joe Davis. Mrs. C. Cohen, Mrs.
Henry x^avis, Mrs. Ida Friedberg, Miss
Nettie Appleton, Miss Ray Ettllng, Miss
Ray Morris, Mrs. Ettling. Max Shlrpser,
Patsy Rosenblatt and Ralph Davis.
A reception was given recently to F. W.
Manning, a member of the late Captain
Richter's company, who has just returned
from Manila. Manning participated In
several engagements during the late war.
Among those present were: Mr. arid Mrs.
H. J. Manning, Mr. and Mrs. J. Eapan,
Mr. and Mrs. Ede Dally, Mrs. Nieman,
Mrs. Collins and John W. Manning.
A pleasant surprise party was Riven to
Miss Katie Grant at the residence of her
par-.-nts on Kansas street last Saturday
evening. Those present were: Mis« Ma
mie Hardiman, Miss B. Kelly, Miss Lillle
Will Try Again to Reach the North Pole
With a Balloon.
New Balloon Now Being Built to Follow Andree's Plan and Reach) the North Pole.
NOT discouraged by the fate of Andre*, who, living
or dead, has spent fifteen months In the unknown,
M. Souvlgny, the French aeronaut, whose name
Is a synonym for aerial adventure, will start for
the pole as soon as his great balloon, the Triumph,
is completed. The failure of Andree, far from discourag
ing this aeronaut, has only stimulated his zeal, and he is
preparing to win for France the palm reserved for him
who is bold enough to reach the pole.
M. Souvigny's project does not date from yesterday; it
was conceived in 1893. In that year he proposed the build
ing of a balloon upon lines that were at once accepted by
French scientists. Soon after there arose the Andree sen
sation, and it was decided to wait until the result of An
dree's trip had been seen. At the time the Swedish ex
plorer started off into the clouds/ with a theatrical wave
of his hand. M. Souvigny, who was among the spectators,
said aloud: "He will never come back; the conditions of
his balloon are not sufficient to parry the enormous risk
of a long voyage— such as the loss of gas, the deformation
of an airship and the ability to repair."
Long experience in aerial voyages and a scientific
knowledge of the different elements of a balloon are neces
sary for an expedition; and while Andree had neither one
nor the other of these. M. Souvigny possesses both. He
has made hundreds of trips and he at one time matched
any aeronaut in the world to make more ascensions
than he.
The balloon which he will construct Is very similar to
La France, built by Godard and Surcouf, although it dif
fers from it in certain essentials. It Is a balloon in which
a man might live forever, only coming to earth when he
wanted food which could not be killed in the air.
The balloon will cube 11,000 meters and its circumfer
ence will be 86 meters. It will be inflated with pure hydro
gen gas and it will have a lifting power of 12,000 kilo
grams, or 24,000 pounds. The 12,000 kilograms will be rep
resented by the weight of the balloon and the weight of
the crew, and also the provisions, the baggage, the en
gines for making gas and the ballast, which will be very
heavy.
When Andree went up he took no gas generator with
him, as he would not need it. He expected to return the
next day, or as he expressed it, "three days at the most."
He expected that he would reach the pole in twelve hours.
It was all very simple, but he reckoned without the wind.
Our local authority, Stephens, the balloon ascensionist,
.predicted at the time that Andree would never return, at
tributing the fact wholly to the lack of a gag generator.
Andree would inevitably descend, after which he must re
main on land, and live only as long as food lasted.
The length of time in which a balloon can soar over the
Dugan, Mies Aggie Gllmore, Miss Rosie
Chapdelaine, Miss Sadie Smith, Miss Ag
gie Chapdelaine, Miss Nelly Smith, Miss
Katie O'Connor, Miss Maggie Kelly, Miss
Katie Grant, Miss Eveleen Casey, Miss
I Annie Crowley, Miss Norah Crowe, Miss
! Nellie Grant, Miss Mollie O'Hara, Miss
j Genevieve Murphy, Miss Gwendolin
j Reilly, Mrs. J. Grant; William Cadogan,
Harry Dwyer, Walter Pendergast, Frank
| Chapdelaine, J. H. Gllmore. Frank Walsh,
I J. P. Hanavan, Ed Lucitt, Howard Thur
| ber William Shannon. Frank Brincke,
Andrew Schwooktr. Charles Schaeffer,
Otto Llebold, William Kelly, Harry La
riate, Otto Peterson, James Cook, Frank
I Grant, Robert Scott, A. Bacigalupi and
John Grant.
A very pleasant home party was given
on the night of October 29 at 1200 Larkln
street, the home of Mrs. Emelia Schultz,
in honor of the birthday of her daughter,
Miss Susia. The evening's entertainment
consisted of music and dancing until mid
i night, when an elaborate supper was
| served under a canvas roof in the yard,
where Japanese lanterns had been strung.
Those present were: Charles Soonnich
sen, Mr. and Mrs. D. K. Davis, the Misses
Mary and Ella Deasy, Sidney Chase, H.
R. Overndlck, H. F. Brinkman, J. Covon
ger. Fred Sprain, Miss Mamie Lessman,
J. N. Hayes. P. C. Marinl, Miss Jepsie
Mackey, Miss Emille Verme. Adolph
Ludeman, Mr. and Mrs. B. Giampaoll,
John A. Schaefer. Miss Eva Glampaoli,
D. Rouff, J. Davis, Yv . A. Solari, Miss
Susie Schultz. Mrs. G. B. Mackrett, Wal
ter Schultz, Miss Maude Bell, G. B. Mack
rett, Louis Schultz, Miss Mmie Bell, Wil
lie Overndlck, Mrs. Emelia Schultz, H. C.
Rohrs, Otto Schultz, Mr. and Mrs. Frien
holtz. Miss Bell Schwabenholder and the
Messrs. Al, Ed, Fritz and Charles Schultz.
A BUD'S
GOSSIP.
<Tp=x EAREST MARGTTERITE: Good
morning, Peg! We're awake and
J) have been all week. We rub our
})) — -y eyes and even pinch ourselves
to make sure it's not a dream.
For this wide-awake feeling is a new one
to all of us, we've been sleeping beauties
so long. But the Prince came with his
magic wand and wafted visions of teas,
luncheons, dinners and dances. We awoke
with a jump and have been on the jump
ever since.
I've had Just the sort of week that I
like. The more the merrier, for society
in somber hue pleases not mine eye. If
Dame Society 1% to hold me captive she
must not dangle me at the silken end of
Indolence. I want to be dragged hither
thither. helter-skelter, hurry-fluVry from
one amusement to another.
I cannot complain of this week. The
cup of enjoyment was full to overflowing.
It has been anything but "early to bed"
or "early to rise," and the result is a
thinness that is no- longer ethereal but
absolutely painful.
The first part of the week I spent in
Sausalito. There were eighteen of us, and
we had Mrs. Gregory's house. Mrs. Leon
ard Everjjtt chaperoned us— you probably
remember her as Mabel Estee. We
stayed two days and wished wd could
lengthten it out a week.
Grace Shaln was the life of the party.
She is her old Jolly self now that her
mother is well again. She played on the
banjo until her hand was black and blue
and tbe boys declared '.flat they "saiiK
off a lung." I can vouch that off the
key.
1 came home from Sriusallto exhausted,
but summoned up enough strength to go
to Mrs. Crocker's dinner on "Wednesday
erening. It was given in honor of Mr.
ami Mrs. Chllds. There were very few
tnere, but it was a very swell affa.fr.
There was a London atmosphere about
It, don't you know. After dinner we were
entertained by talent engaged for the oc
casion. The talent really didn't bother
iis any; we talked right through their
numbers. That is, all excepting Slgnor
polar seas Is governed by the impermeability of the silk
of the balloon. The gTeat captive balloon which will be
constructed by Souvlgny will be so varnished and finished
inside and out that it will not lose over 1 per cent a day
of gas, if as much. But he is calculating upon a daily
loss of 2 per cent, so as to be on the safe side. By lighten
ing the ballast the balloon can remain a great deal longer
in the air, and Souvigny expects to stay up forty days.
One unique feature of this balloon will be a smaller
balloon in the interior, which is to preserve th<* geometrical
form of the balloon. No matter how unsatisfactorily the
wind blows, the balloon will keep her shape. This will
make it possible to employ a regular' steering apparatus
in which th*re need be little allowance for deviation. It
is hardly possible that if the right course be taken the
ship will need to remain sixty days in the air, but the
inventor claims that he can easily make her float as long
as that.
Surrounding this big balloon will he twelve small bal
loons, which are to make up the loss of gas. These bal
loons can be filled by machinery so that each day an
amount equivalent to the exhausted air will be pumped
into the smaller balloons. According to this calculation
the air supply need never to give out, but M. Souvigny,
who realizes that the unexpected is apt to happen in bal
looning, calculates on the loss of a small percentage daily.
The entire stretch of unexplored regions around the pole
Is only 3300 kilometers, or 16G0 miles; and Souvigny cal
culates that with an ordinary wind they could traverse
the entire unexplored regions in a few weeks. They will
take with them a telecamera or telephoto, which takes
long-distance photographs with great accuracy.
There will be five in the crew besides the aeronaut.
These will consist of two second aeronauts, one chemical
meteorologist, one explorer who has navigated the polar
seas and knows his way from experience and one phy
sician who also knows his way in the polar seas. The
two latter will be appointee} by one of the Ministers of
Marine.
The money necessary for the building and equipping
of the balloon will be 500,000 francs or $100,000. This sum
is considered small for such a glorious work. His Mejesty,
King Oscar, very gladly gave Andree this sum for his
aerial adventure; and there are loyal Frenchmen witling
to give as much as that to place the crown of glory upon
the head of one of their country.
Souvigny fears delay owing to the slowness of the build
ers. He dreads the long time which must elapse before
his balloon can go up. He is eager to start, but his friends
console him by the thought that it would be more glorious
to wait until the Paris Exposition, when he could return
in triumph with the exposition at its height, and label the
great airship with the words, "Returned from the north
polel"
de Vriea' number. He Bang bo well that
one almost wished he would go on for
ever—like the babbling brook.
Thursday was the red-letter day of the
week. In the afternoon I went to an In
formal affair at Mrs. Buckbee'o. The
house was simply but beautifully deco
rated, and Mrs. Buckbee is always a
charming hostess. The guests of honor
were Mrs. Allen, Miss Anderson and Miss
Merriam of Vancouver Barracks.
Miss Merriam is the daughter of Gen
eral Merriam, and has a very pleasing
personality. Everybody talked "Ted,
white and blue," and we civilians quite
envied the others their military knowl
edge.
Thursday evening we were invited to a
hop at the Presidio, but, as we had an
other engagement we declined.
We went to Mr. Greenway's dinner at
the Bohemian Club. There were about
thirty guests, and we dined to the soft
tinkling of a mandolin and guitar or
chestra. It was Mr. Greenway's birth
day, and we all tried to guess his age.
He had not invited any disagreeable peo
ple whose memories went back far
enough to really know, so we all stood an
equal chance. We decided that he is
really on the sunny side of 50, looks 30
and feels half-past 16. We did not go to
dinner until half-past 8. and we did not
go home until "plenty after 12."
Friday night the Salisbury Cotillon
opened. Mabel went and said it was
a very pretty affair. Most of the girls
were there, and they all say Olive Hol
brook led off beautifully with Edward
Sheldon.
I did not go myself, as I had accepted
an invitation to 'a theater party. Law
rence Van Winkle was host, and Mrs.
Allen, Miss Anderson, Miss Merriam,
Mrs. Buckbee, Frederick Greenwood and
Ned Greenway completed the party.
Saturday was such a crammed, jammed
up day— like a merry-go-round. In the
afternoon Mabel and I helped Josie
Loughborough to receive. It was a very,
very pretty affair, and Josie looked like
a rose. Gertie Carroll, Thfrese Morgan,
Ethel Keeney, Olive Holbrook, Susie
Blanding and' Kate Salisbury did the act
with us. We had constant bulletins or
the happenings at the Cushion tea, for a
great many took in both.
I threw prudence to the four winds,
and subduing the inevitable tired feeling
that follows a tea, I werit to Mrs. de
Young's in the evening. Some of the
cushions were really exquisite. The tab
leaux were excellent. Mr. Houseman and
Dick Hotallngr arranged them. There
wt-re several ."cenes from the new Stan
ford calendur that were excellent. Car
rie Ayers, as the "little May field-girl,"
easily carried off the honors. Gertie For
man looked the stunning "Thanksgiving
girl," and Grace Giselman was perfect as
the "Good-by-Summer-Vacation girl."
Adelaide Dibble, Marie Wells. Rosalind
Bryant and India Scott posed for the
other tableaux and did beautifully.
But more anon. The "sleeping lady
from hush-a-by street" 'is knocking, and
mv eyelids heed her bidding. Lovingly,
FLORA McFLIMSEY.
WRECKED
ON HAWAII
(Continued From Page 22.)
into one with his chief. Everybody was
so excited over the visiting ship that no
attention was paid to Holden's sup
pressed eagerness and emotion.
The proas were paddled out two
miles toward the ship. Nearer than that
none of the savages dared go. Several
proas started back to the shore because
the kanakas in them were afraid of
capture. Holden vainly begged and en
treated the men with him to go nearer
the ship. But it was all that he could
do to keep them from starting back for
the shore. Finally he waved his hands,
halloed and whistled with his fingers
to draw attention from the ship. Twice
the kanakas in the proa were ready to
paddle back to the island and let the
ship go, but Holden begged them to
wait and get gifts from the rich white
men. ,
At last, after he had exhausted his
lung power he saw a yawl let down
from the ship's davits. It came cau
tiously within a quarter of a mile of
the proa, and Holden saw that the sail
ors had no idea they were looking at
a white man, for his hair and whiskers
were then like Samson's, and his flesh
was as dark as his kanaka associates.
As the yawl drew nearer Holden was
able to call in English to them, and he
says he almost swooned with delight to
hear his own tongue spoken in reply.
None of the kanakas who sat open
mouthed and wondering near him. un
derstood a word of English. "Come
nearer. I am a poor castaway sailor,
and I want you to save me from these
savages," he shouted.
"We don't want to be speared by
those devils in the canoe with you,"
one of the sailors returned.
Holden urged the men to come nearer
and make a sudden demonstration
against the savages, so that he could
escape to the boat, but they did not
want to risk their lives against poison
ed spears; besides, all sailors knew -the
frightful fate of Captain Cook and his
crew on the shore of the Sandwich Is
lands.
The ship signaled the yawl to im
mediately return. Holden knew the
signal. His heart beat fast and his
brain whirled. He realized that it was
then or never. He was doomed to a
lifetime of barbarism and slavery on
a lonely island if he let another minute
go unimproved. The kanakas were
restless and had laid down their spears
and taken up their paddles to go back
to shore.
"For God's sake, save me!" he
shouted.
"Swim to us and we will," was the
sailors' reply.
"But look at their spears."
"Dive and swim under water out of
snear range."
It was a desperate moment, but his
decision was made as quick as a flash.
"Hold up. I'll risk it anyhow," he
called to the sailors. He threw his head
baok and took a deep breath. A kan
aka saw the swelling chest and knew
what it meant. He shouted and jumped
to grasp Holden. But he was too late.
The Priest and The Politician.
Continued from Page Seventeen.
capacity for office, not his private char
acter."
"You like Mr. Phelan personally then,
Father?"
"I love all men In charity, said the
priest piously, "but I owe no man
friendship."
"I think," I said, still loyal to the
Mayor, "that he is an honest man."
"Do you?" asked Father Yorke, very
much as the Mayor himself said the
same thlngr in answer to very much
the same remark.
"Yes," I said, "and he certainly had
the improvement of the city at heart."
"He may have had it at heart," re
plied the priest, "but he did not carry
it in. his eye."
"No?"
"Art here seems to rise through suc
cessive eras of fountains," he contin
ued thoughtfully. "And A*s is long.
We began with the Cogswell era and
we are only as far along as the Jim
mie Phelan era now. Still I could
forgive him his fountains if he was the
right man otherwise. The trouble Is
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,_.,.^^...,.
! A GREAT OFFERING i
♦ . . OF. . -♦-
X ■V.A.I-.TJEIS :
X \^ •• I2ST -- . ♦
! NEwsiLKs \
"♦"_" . ' ■ ■ : i
: ..and.. 1
I DRESS GOODS! I
■ "4"
■♦■ — . • .
'-:; ■ : :
♦ The surprisingly low prices ruling are an X
X important attraction and we make it es- >
X pecially profitable for intending purchasers +
+ of STYLISH DRESS MATERIAL to visit these ♦
X departments THIS WEEK by offering a col- t
X lection of specials that are X
I Positively Unmatchable Bargains. I
:•'-.- SILK DEPARTMENT. ♦
-♦- ■ T
-♦- at TPZC 15 pieces BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, soft, heavy quality; good .
a t £ ZJ2 value for $1; will be sold at 75c a yard. ▼■ .
+ AT «rsc 3o pieces BLACK FIGURED AND BROCADED SATIN. latest t"
.a. -£ C? designs; good value for $1; will be sold at 75c a yard. ■ **"
+ AT *T«C6O pieces PLAIN AND CHANGEABLE TAFFETA SILK. llfht. \
4.' '£ ZJ medium and dark shades, finest Quality; will be sold at 750 a '-T;
Z_ %."?$:? yard. . :+ '
■t- >.;■.»■.;- : ■';? . ---■>■■■■ • '.v
4. at 9 1.00 80 pieces CHECKED PLAID AND STRIPED TAFFETA '
. - i SILK, all the latest designs : and colorings; good value for +
+ , _— . 25; will be sold at 51 a yard. - • ■ »
: BLACK DRESS GOODS. ■ /|
+. AT KC2O pieces 42-INCH FIGURED IRON FRAME ALPACA, extra "♦"
£* +Jr good value for $40c; will be sold at 25c a yard. 4-
■'4. AT KT/T|C2O pieces 46-INCH FINE ALL-WOOL ENGLISH SERGE; food +
Z3\J value for 75c; will be sold at 50c a yard. /-.Tv 4-
+ at ~7CS.CV> pieces 44-INCH FRENCH CREPONS; worth regular $133; "*"
. £ <mjr ' will be sold at "75c a yard. • ■♦-
♦ COLORED DRESS GOODS. I
■*■ >.
■¥ at ;2 pieces 36-INCH FANCY DRESS GOODS, in figured and ,
a ■ g£Z ZJ ■ fancy, weaves; good value for 50c a yard; will 'be offered at 25c "*"
J a yard. ~ ,- . - +
+.' AT 4K #.00 37 "pieces 52-INCH FINE ,ALL-"WOOL BROADCLOTH, lat- "♦"
■_T -. <39# est shades; worth $1 23 a yard; will be offered at $1 a yard. +
+ at TBSC 29 pieces 46-INCH FRENCH NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, now ♦
. £ZJ desirrns and weaves; worth $1 25 a yard; will be placed on sals +
"*" at 75c a yard. 4,
♦ I ft / Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / x
"*" K~r San Francisco. /
* * - " ; .-'. ~ ''./A.' ■ . - ■ ■ ,*' .. '. .'.'■■ - - ■■*...
Holden had his foot upon the gunwale
of the proa, and In a twinkling had
plunged beneath the water. Several
kanaka wildly hurled their spears af
ter him, but they were too excited to
I be accurate. Several others began pad
dling after him, but a gun fired at them
from the rowboat terrified them so they
dared not go nearer.
Meanwhile Holden was still under
water. The sailors stood up and
watched for his appearance above the
; surface. The kanakas in the proa stood
I gazing about with spears poised in
! their powerful right hands, ready to
! transfix the swimmer the second his
j head became visible. Still the white
man was under water. The sailors
were sure he had gone down to nla
grave in the ocean. They* had seen
wonderful feats of submarine swim
ming, but never anything like this.
At last, when Holden came up, he
I was out of range of the spearsmen.
For a few minutes he paddled slowly
about until he could breathe. Then he
yelled to the sailors in the rowboat.
They pulled toward him, and he wai
I hauled, exhausted and almost fainting.
into the boat. The kanakas in the
proa, seeing this, paddled swiftly to
shore.
Half dead with excitement and ex
haustion, young Holden was carried on
board the ship, which proved to be the
Britannia, in the English merchant eer
i vice. He was shorn of his locks and
! whiskers and soon became the pet of
i the forecastle. His stories of his ad
| ventures on the strange island always
had an audience. It was October 20,
1834, that he was taken aboard the
Britannia. It was the first calendar
day or month he had known for five
I and a half years. He went to L,intin,
China, on the Britannia, There he
shipped for Cadiz, Spain, and from
! there to New York. He reached New
■ Bedford early in the summer of 1835.
The story of his adventures in the
Sandwich Islands attracted attention
f'om the great daily newspapers in
| New Yi.rk and Boston in those days,
and William Cullen Bryant wrote sev
; eral editorials in the Evening Post on
i the pioneer survivor of early Hawaiian
savagery.
By Alice Rix.
he isn't big enough, and he feels so
much bigger than he is. But then there
are some birds that were born to ny
and some that were born to walk, ana
the poor fowl don't have the choos
""The Archbishop seems to favor Mr.
Phelan," I said.
Father Yorke winked takingly— not
a flippant, worldly wink, but one that
was born to his eye like the soft, sweet
brogue to his tongue, and he said:
"Why should I deny the Archbishop
a right to his own opinion when I am.
so fond of mine?"
"You know your enemies claim It IB
unchristian of you to express It."
"My enemies,", replied Father Yorke,
with the humorous twist at the cor
ner of his mou.h, "are not always just
to me."
"How are you going to answer tnem
on that point?"
"Do I have to answer them?
"Don't you like to answer them?"
"Faith. * then," said Father Yorke.
"and I do."POKE BONNETS
and
CHILDREN'S FROCKS
THE problem of selecting and
making children's outfits is usu
ally considered a very vexatious
one. It is if mothers are deter
mined to blindly follow the
. fashions and still wish to have
their little tots look childish. Dame
Fashion is kept so busy issuing decrees
as to what the world's wife shall wear,
that she never gets time to think of the
world's children. So the dressmakers cut
Crocks for children after the models worn
by their elders.
The result is that children look like
dwarfed adults. For clothes that are ar
tistic and in perfect harmony on nve-feet
live are incongruous on four feet. To
make a child's frock after the model of
an adult's, simply shortening the skirt, is
ruinous to the child's appearance. How
can all the trimmings and geegaws of a
woman's gown find a harmonious resting
place on a child's frock?
When purchasing the materials and
making the little gowns bear In mind that
"simplicity" is the watchword for a
child s frock. Then consider whether or
not it will be becoming, for too often
"anything is good enough for school," has
made a child the unnecessary butt of
ridicule for the rest of her schoolmates.
Mothers who have reached the happy
medium for their own gowns often go
to extremes as far as the children are
concerned. Either they overdress them
them to wear shabby ill-made
garments. It does not make a child con
ceited to dress her slmnly and prettily.
It floes make a child self-conscious to
dress her shabbily.
For school gowns, plaids in soft wool
are always pretty and serviceable. Those
displayed In the shops this autumn are
daintier than ever in their soft warm
tints. Those of green and blue with a lino
re always worn, ami
for school frocks are perhaps the most
serviceable.
Then there are the soft browns, with
a touch of yellow, red and green, that
are always so becoming- to a child with
fresh rosy skin.
These plaids are made up entirely of
themselves, or may be combined with a
plain color, as one may wish, and are
cut either bias or straight.
Black and white even checks are much
worn, as are those of red and black. The
latter are particularly pretty when trim
med with bands of black velvet ribbon
studded along the edges with tiny steel
nailbeads about on inch apart. The black
and white checks take on a jet nailhead
trimming with a satisfactory result.
Frocks trimmed with ribbon are unusu
ally pretty and effective. The ribbon
shows to good advantage on children's
clothes, as it has the youthful effect,
without which a child's frock is a dis
tinct failure. ,
Braids, both plain and fancy, are used
in plnin up-and-down and straight-around
effects, and many are applied in scroll de
sign. Velvet ribbons, are used both plain
and gathered, and some are applied with
fancy stitches in colored silks that har
monize with the gown.
Buttons are used in profusion. Those
of steel are particularly pretty. Little
fancy buckles with velvet ribbon are
used as the strapped trimming, and often
form the fastening of the waist.
The graded flounce is sometimes used
on the children's frocks. It is not really
pretty, even when the frock is new, for a
flounce to look well must at least touch
the floor if not train. Then it is bound to
sag where, the material runs bias after
very little wearing. These uneven dips
and curves are inevitable in all flounced
skirts, but they are- not as painfully ap
parent in a long- skirt. r.s they are In the.
child's' frock.'" A nVe-gx>red skirt is the
best model for a child's skirt. It may
be trimmed to simulate a graded flounce
with very good effect.
The blouse front still holds srood for
misses' and children's dresses, but Is not
made as baggy as a season ago and never
spreads at the waistline. The bloused
back is no longer used, and In its place
a slight fullness is held in at the middle
of the back at the waistline, but is held
taut from the neck down. *',
The little Eton and bolero jackets are
as much worn as ever, and surely noth
ing can be more jaunty and girlish. The
prettiest ones are cut away in front and
show a pretty full waist beneath, either
of silk or the same material as In the
dress. Some of the dressy jackets are
made of velvet and cut in small Van
dykes all around. Underneath is placed
an accordion or knife pleated . frill of
chiffon or silk that shows between the
Vandykes as well as a little beyond the
edge. Others are trimmed around the
edge with velvet ribbon or bands of
cream insertion. •
With children's collars the came style
holds good that is worn by grown-ups.
•They are marie plain and to fit the neck
snugly and no longer is the wide-spread
ing bow used. They may be fastened with
fancy claspa or buttons or a severe small
bow that plays no part as a fancy dec
oration. Turndown collars in all shapes
and sizes are much used, with the square
sailor back as the favorite.
The fashionable headgear for children
was never daintier or more picturesque
than this season. All little children wear
bonnets, and even girls as -old as 7 or 8
are seen in fascinating little pokes
trimmed with feathers and laces. White
is prettiest for very small children, and
bonnets of white velvet or satin are very
fetching. But they soil easily, and the
pokes are really very pretty in browns,
greens or reds, trimmed with the white
tips.
Older children wear large picture hats
that are a modification of the ones -that
were used last year. The crown is very
full and Tarn 6' Shanter shape,. and is
sometimes covered with a drape of softer
material. he brim is also very full and
between the crown and brim is sometimes
draped with folds of white satin ribbon,
which tie in front of the hat in a large
bow. With the bow may be fastened
white ostrich tips.* . .
Only very young children wear hats
with strings tied under the 'chin.
Time devoted to children, whether their
Tarn o' Shanter of Velvet and Plumes.
# * pKnrißflfggUE pox^g FKT?Hiy? FRO(?Kg Foil TO^ LiTTlj? oy^g. * *
■
personal appearance, mind, soul or body, ,
is never wasted. Like flowers they blos
som out wonderfully with a little care
ana attention. . ■. • . . . ; - .
— ♦
GOWN
TRIMMINGS.
FASHION does not trouble herself
about such details, but how 1b the
woman who has no maid to # get
into and out of the bodices, prin
cess polonaises and skirts that lace or
button at the back?
Chief among the novelties imported for
woman's wearing are gowns that close in
the manner mentioned. The graceful fig
ure will profit by this latest style, but it
is to be hoped that none but women with
graceful figures will attempt it.
The height of skirt elegance Is the one
that fits smooth over the hips, laces for
the length of the placket at the back
and flares out in fair fashion toward the
bottom. This would not be at all becom
ing to the woman with largo hips, for the
sudden hip-spring has gone entirely out
of style. If nature has endowed you with
hips that do not slope gradually, then
wear a skirt that Is filled a bit at the
back waist line. The very slender woman
in the one who will be able to wear the
new skirt best. If she has no hips, all
the better, for then the skillful modiste
will pad her skirt until there is the most
adorable of sloping curves. The same
way with the Princess gown. It is easy
enough to build up a too slender rlgure
but the too plump one must be content
with less extreme fashions.
There is great art in the putting on of
trimming. The best dressmakers and tail
ors study well their patrons' figures be
lore they put on a band straight or
curved. Phe trimming- running around
the figure robs the length and heightens
stoutness, while bands running up and
down make one look taller and slimmer
nately, thla Beacon there is great
variety in the styles of applying braids
embroideries and laces. While the little
curling arrangements of gauze or ribbon
frills may be spoken of a« really the lead
ing fancy, they have the knack'of making
the short, stout woman look too fussy and
overdressed. Study well your figure be
fore selecting the trimmings for your
frowns.
The tiniest bands of fur will edge the
gauzes of which the most beautiful even
ing- gowns are fashioned. As an example
of how really beautiful fur and gauze can
look in combination, one should Fee a re
cently finished pale pink silk muslin fig
ured all over with pink apple blossoms.
The long overskirt is finished with three
graduated rows of white satin ribbon, at
the very edge being a narrow row ef
sable. The underskirt is of pleated Hnk
muslin over pink silk. The fur trims the
decolletage and forms the shoulder straps
with great rosettes of white satin ribbon.
There is a belt of white satin ribbon with
long ends of the muslin. A spray of appie
blossoms will be worn in the blonde nair
of the pretty girl, to whom this attract
ively odd frock belongs. This very nota
ble blending of the blossoms of May and
the furs that properly belong to Decem
ber is almost poetic. The apple blossom
gown with its sable trimmings is really
"a poem of a gown."
TULLE TIES
WITH FUR.
THERE Js something- new in winter
time tics that I am certain will
catch the fancy of every girl who
likes novel and becoming things.
This is the ruff with long ties made of
chenille-dotted tulle and run with nar
row bands of fur. The ruff is made with
the fabric doubled and gathered so full
that it forms shells, just in the way the
chiffon ruffs have been made for some
seasons. The long ends are crossed by
the bands of fur, set on about four or
five inches apart?
The efff-ct is all very pretty. For exam
ple, there is a pink tulle tie, with black
dots, and on this Is put fine black fur,
or gable is very pretty. A blue tulle dot
ted with white has narrow strips of white
gwansdow. The fur is joined to the
tulle by a row of narrow spangled passe
menterie or velvet to match the dot. The
ruffs of black and white are really the
prettiest and most suitable for Street
wear, the light colored ones being de
signed for evening wear.
Slurt ties made of fur. are worn with
the tailor suits, but the build of the col
lars or capes and coats does not permit
of the wearing of fur ties, .so the fash
ionable tie is trie soft, fluffy one that will
go nicely inside the high, flaring though
not close-fitting collar. As has been noted
before, long scarfs of Brussels net and
lace will be much in evidence, the big
bows under the chin being most becom
inp.
it is a fact that the high, stiff collar
has wrought havoc to woman's neck. I
have been hopefully looking for fashion
to take one of those extreme moves and
tell us that all our gowns must have low,
turned-over collars, just Uke our mothers
used to wear, but there is no sign yet of
their coming. It is an encouraging fact
however, that collars, though high, Mre
not as stiff as steel. The stock of lac-e
or ribbon is quite modish, indeed. Even.
the velvet collars are surprisingly com
fortable.
There are no more bows at the back
of the collar or the sides. All bows, if
they are worn at all, come squarely un
der the chin. There are a great many
novelties In fichus, a particularly at-
Modeled Af:Br the Poo; of "LoriV Atd."
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 0, 18900.
tractive one is of satin, with a shaped
ruffle and long stolellke pleated ends.
This has a row of big rosettes o.f baby
ribbon set all around where the ruffle
joint; the rounded fichu. There is a quaint
air about the fichu that makes it en
trancingly becoming to the woman pos-
I of a pensive and picturesque
btauty.
M. Vivler, a Parisian dog tailor, has
just been interviewed by an English
newspaper. Asked whether there were
fashions In dogs' dresses, M. Vivier re
plied:
"Exactly as there are fashions for
The Newest Princess Evening Gown Falling in Long, Unbroken, Graceful Lines,
The leading model for evening and dinner gowns Is the princess.
There are other fetching? designs, but none Is bo highly approved of as the princess. It falls In long
lines, unbroken at the waist" by belt or seam. The curves must be perfect, without a scrap too much of
fullness, still without an air of skimpineas. This would spoil It" all. They are so cut that they fall in ample
folds, yet so disposed that they follow the figure and. do not flare out In the angular a»d aggressive way of
the "umbrella" skirt with Its six yards of width and frightful depth of velvet.
As the heavier fabrics hang beat in the princess one finds euch gowna mainly In satins and velvets.
There are heavier silks that make up beautifully In this style and some now poplins showing figures in silk
brocade.
The evening princesses are worn with either, lorig or short sleeves, while the necks are cut low. If the
sleeves are long they are usually made of unllned shirred gauze. The short puff, that is barely an excuse for
a sleeve, is approved by the woman who has a well shaped arm.
The princess Is an extreme departure from the beruffled gown that a short time ago was thought the
most entrancing. Ruffled fluffy styles belong more to the summer season. Elegance is iha rt«atr a bie key
note to the winter styles, and the princess model lends itself gracefully to this.
Dainty Frock Trimmed in Velvet Ribbon.
ladies and gentlemen. We follow the
ladies' fashions. Thus this winter what
will be mainly worn Is pearl gray and
a peculiar shade of green known as
'gros vert,' and our clothes for dogs
will be made in these colors as w r ell as
in the materials which may ultimately
be fixed upon by the great dressmakers
as 'the correct thing.' The fashions for
dogs are definitely settled upon in Oc
tober, after I have had time to go
around the big dressmakers' shops to
examine* the models for the coming
winter season and to see what is being
worn. Thus I have to ascertain whether
during the ensuing season the collars
Latest Coats for Children.
of ladies' Jackets will be turned down
or in the Medicis style. This year the
Medicis collar has been in great favor.
"Ready-made goods would be quite
useless for dogs," said M. Vivier, "'and
all our customers are dressed to meas
ure. See there," and he pointed t>< the
walls of his workshop,' against -which
numerous pieces of stout paper cut out
in weird forms were hanging on files,
"those are the patterns of our various
customers. Each dog— tfhat is to Bay,
each customer — has his own pattern.
We have to measure the length of his
back, then we go round his neck and
then round the loins*.
CALISTHENICS
as
AN AID TO BEAUTY
This department is for the benefit of all those who are interested in cos
metics arid the hygiene of proper living. Correspondence is cordially invited.
Ask as many questions as you like and sign any name that you choose. Ad
dress all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
THERE is nothing in the world so
Important when one starts out to
acquire physical loveliness as to
learn how to carry the body prop
erly. Health and grace, without
which beauty cannot exist, depend
upon the carriage of the body. Rounding
shoulders bring about narrow chests.
Narrow chests restrict the action of the
lungs, and weakness of the lungs pro
duces a tendency to stoop. And while
there is a popular belief that the line of
beauty is curved, this does not apply in
the case of one's spine, for the spine of
beauty, I assure you, is as straight as
the stern line of duty Is supposed to be.
So the very first thing to learn is to
stand erect. "Head up, shoulders back
and down, bust out and stomach in," is
a rule for standing and walking that can
not be improved upon.
However, to be erect it is not necessary
to sway so far back as to give beholders
an uncomfortable sensation that you are
In imminent danger of falling over back
ward and distributing your brains upon
the pavement.
If a woman stands correctly, a plumb
line dropped from a point marked by the
tip of her nose will meet at a point one
inch in front of her great toe.
The arms should be allowed free move
ment; in fact, should be so relaxed as to
fall In natural and graceful positions.
Distribute the weight equally upon
both feet. So many women have a habit
of standing upon one foot, thus causing
one hip to become higher than {,he other.
Turn the toes well out. To be "pigeon
toed" or "parrot-toed" may be considered
beautiful in the realm of the Mikado,
but the American maiden must "toe out."
When a child shows a tendency to stoop
and become round-shouldered, the best
way to correct the inclination is to place
a book upon her head and in each hand
a bucket containing equal amounts of
water, and make her walk the length of
the hall or yard several times daily with
out spilling the water or letting the book
fall. This will be rather a difficult feat
at first, but if persevered in will surely
result in a queenly carriage. I wish there
were military schools for girls as there
are for boys, where the teaching of how
to walk and breathe correctly is a part
of the curriculum.
I think women are beginning to give
greater attention to the laws of health
than they did a quarter of a century ago.
The improved feminine physique of the
present day, the athletic out-of-door life
that many of our girls indulge in ia evi
dence that they are beginning to realize
that pale fragility, that blow-away-at-a
breath look is not beautiful and that to
retain the full glory of their womanhood
they must kave health and strength.
Of course, there are public clubs and
gymnasiums here, where women can go
and exercise, but I wonder why none of
you girls have ever got up a private
gymnasium. That's a splenflid scheme,
girls. Doesn't some one of you happen
to have in her house an unused room,
or a large, airy attic, that could be used
for this purpose?
Invite only your most cherished friends
to join, secure the service of a competent
teacher of physical culture, and then
meet together once or twice a week and
swing clubs, twist overhand bars, vault,
tumble and perform on the trapeze. The
pleasure of the moment, cheerful com
panionship and laughter will add greatly
to the benefits erf this exercise, and my
word for it, after a time some of you will
be scarcely recognizable, your physical
development will be so marked and your
complexions so much brightened.
For the girl who cannot afford the lux
ury of a gymnasium, there are simple
calisthenics that can be performed at
home, without apparatus or aid of any
kind.
The following exercises, if indulged in
every day, will help wonderfully toward
arriving at that physical perfection that
so many women are striving for.
First of all then, take the correct stand
ing position described in the first part of
this talk. Now, take from ten to twelve
long, ' U H but slow inspirations of air,
breathing and exhaling through the nos
irii*.
Then describe a circular movement with
each arm fifteen times in succession. Ex
tend the arms forward, outward and up
ward, twenty times in succession. Take
eight or ten deep inspirations.
Execute a circular movement from the
waist, swaying the upper part of the body
slowly round, the hands resting on the
hips, twenty times.
Extend the leg as nearly at right an
gles with the body as possible, ten times
each side. Taxe eight or ten deep inspi
rations.
Extend and bend the foot fifteen times
each side; perform the gesture of reaping
or sawing twenty times; bend each knee
rapidly fifteen times; take eight or ten in
spirations.
Raise the arm swiftly and rapidly ten
times in succession; throw out both arms
simultaneously fifteen or twenty times;
take eight or ten deep inspirations.
Lie down flat upon the floor or upon the
bed with arms laid straight by the side,
then without changing in the least the
position of the legs and feet, raise the
trunk slowly to a sitting posture. After
a moment's rest, drop back again to a re
cumbent position and repeat ten times.
Bend the head forward and then back
ward gently ten times. Then move it
sideways, first one way and then the
other.
Never continue these exercises to the
point of exhaustion, or they will prove
injurious Instead of beneficial. For weak
ly girls the movements must be modified
or curtailed, and they must always stop
Poke Modeled After t{ie Peasants.
By Mme. Hygeia.
when tired. The room chosen for this ex
ercise should be airy and the dress light.
No corset or other tight garment must be
worn. As to the proper mode of breath
ing—well, 1 find I am at the end of my
space, and besides, "that's another
story."
y\r\sWers to Gorresporvdervts.
EVELEEN-I am quite sure this is the
first letter from you that has reached mo.
Am glad you wrote again. For the hol
lows in the shoulders massage with equal
parts of cocoa butter, lanolin and cocoa
nut oil melted together. Heat before ap
plying and massage every night for ten
or fifteen minutes. To increase flesh
cease worrying and get lots of sleep. Eat
Btarchy, fattening foods such as rice, but
ter, cereals, eggs, milk and game, tapioca,
sago, vermicelli, custard, cheese and salad
served with plenty of oil, but no vinegar.
Eat plenty of fruit; it is the best com
plexion medicine in the world, and if the
biliousness continues, get your druggist
to prepare some three-grain taraxacum
pills for you. Take one twice a day, aa
long as the system seems to require it.
Oatmeal la better than bran for whiten
ing the skin. Take some good oatmeal,
boil it in water for an hour, strain and
use the liquid to wash with night and
morning. Try this wash for the freckles:
Three grains borax, five drams rosewater,
five drams elder flower wuter. Apply im
mediately after coming in out of tho sun.
You cannot cleanse the body thoroughly
without the use of soap. If it is pure it
will not cause hair to grow. I am really
afraid to suggest anything to darken the
eyelashes. It is so dreadfully risky to
apply any sort of a lotion, for it is sure
to get into the eyes and weaken or injure
th-in. I am sorry. There! I believe
there is not a question left unanswered.
I regret that I could not giv» you an
answer in the "next Sunday's Call," as
you requested, but were I to reply in the
next issue to all the letters that "come to
me during the week I would have to
have an entire page all to myself.
CRADAVUS— I am quite certain that I
answered your first letter. Did you not
write to me over the name "Blossom R."?
The answer appeared in the Sunday Call
of September 18. I do not understand
Just what you mean by a "pink complex
ion." Most people are striving for a
white skin. I know of no way of mak
ing the hands small, nor can I tell you
of anything that will make any percepti
ble difference in their smoothness and
whiteness, after one application. There
is no way of making the fmgers taper,
except to put them into little thimble
shaped appliances that come for the pur
pose. To make the hair grow apply this
tonic to the sc;d;i every night: Oil of
sweet almonds, 30 grammes; essence of
rosemary, 30 grammes; oil of mace, 1
gramme. While using this tonic wash
the hair once a week with white castile
soap.
F. F. F.— Stop using the sage tea upon
the falling hair and use the following,
which is a splendid invigorator: Eight
ounces of cologne, one ounce tincture of
cantharides; one-half dram oil of English
lavender and one-half drum oil of rose
mary. Apply to the roots of the hair
once or twice a day, using a small sponge
for the purpose. Shampoo once a week.
To whiten and soften the .skin when bath
ing combine equal parts of shaved castile
soap, almond meal and powdered orris
root. Put into cheesecloth bags and use
in the bath. Or you can usa the almond
meal alone in the same way.
B. X.— Am very pleased that my p.dvice
has been of help to you. You might
try reducing the size of your hips by the
following exercises: Stand with the heels
close together and try and touch the floor
with the tips of the fingers without bend
ing the knees. Then lie flat upon the
back on the floor and raise the body to a
sitting posture. Repeat these exercises
ten or fifteen times each night. They
may help, but I rather think mechanical
massage is the only thing that will re
duce them. This can be had at some one
of the beauty shops.
A. A. B.— For answer to your question
about reducing size of abdomen and hips,
please read foregoing reply to B. K. I
think it very likely that the flushing and
nervousness, also the condition of your
skin, arise from a disordered digestion, al
though poor circulation may be the
cause. if from the former cause, you
must remedy that condition before you
can hope for immunity from facial
troubles. If poor circulation is the cause,
take plenty of exercise in the open air,
sleep in a well-ventilated room, eat nour
ishing food, take tepid baths and bathe
the feet in hot water before retiring for
the night. 1 do not prescribe tonics.
Bleaches which remove the cuticleentirely
are often very dangerous, as the main in
gredient is usually corrosive sublimate, a
deadly poison. So I prefer not to give
you a formula for anything that will re
move the outer skin. .Lemon juice is as
strong an acid as any one should ever
apply to the face. A little borax added
to it makes it more effective, as borax is
very whitening. Cold cream should al
ways be used after the lemon juice. As I
do not know the exact shade of your hair
nor the color you wish to make it I can
not tell you what to use on it. Sage tea,
made very strong, will darken lipht lijiir
slightly, but whether it would make th«»
shade you desire or not, I could not pay.
SCHOOLGIRL, — A pretty way fora
schoolgirl to dress her hair is to part it,
wave and loosely coil it away from the
temples. Then braid the back hair, turn
it up and fasten with one of the new
buckle pins.
Bonnet That Will Keep Little Ears Warm.
2728
Barnard's Colossal Figure of Pan
Is Successfully Cast.
THE colossal figure of Pan, by Mr.
George Grey Barnard, has been
successfully cast in bronze and
lies waiting the final burnishing at
the New York foundry — a metal
lurgical triumph. It is the first large
bronze to be cast entire, either in this
country or in Europe.
A corps of workmen was engaged for
eight months in preparing the mold,
•which was composed of 1700 pieces, and
weighed 54,650 pounds, or about twenty
seven tons. The amount of bronze used
was 6450 pounds. The alloy was made
of 90 per cent copper, 8 per cent tin and
2 per cent zinc. The composition was
melted in fifteen crucibles — seven of 750
pounds each and eight of 150. The fires
were started at 1 a. m. on August 22,
and at 5 p. m. the casting took place.
There was not a hitch in the proceed
ings, nor was there a flaw in the great
"Pan" when the gates were taken from
it and the huge body, with its support
ing knoll, was exposed to view. The
wood-god lies in a sportive yet indolent
attitude, resting on one arm with his
reed at his lips and his goat hoofs de
pending over the knoll on which he
rests. The figure measures 11 feet 4
Inches long and 6 feet 3 Inches wide.
Standing erect it would be 18 feet 6
inches high.
This "Pan" was origrinally intended
for a fountain figure to be placed in the
court yard of the Dakota Apartment
House, but the work was bo satisfac
tory that it was considered worthier of
a larger recognition than could come
from its proposed environment, and it
was accordingly presented to Central
Park. It was the gift of the late Alfred
Corning Clark, whose estate has so
liberally carried out the intentions of
its generous donor. The total cost of
the gift is as yet conjectural; much will
depend upon its erection and the pedes
tal used. Mr. Frank Presby, the agent
of the estate, is quoted as saying that
it will exceed $25,000. The casting alone
is said to have cost over $6000. The site
has not been definitely determined, but
it will probably be in the vicinity of
Seventy-fifth or Eighty-second street,
Kew York.
Mr. Barnard's exhibit at the Champ
de Mars, Paris, was a remarkable de
but. He was practically unknown. Even
his confreres at the Beaux Arts had lit
tle acquaintance with him or with his
■work. He had a studio somewhere —
few knew where — and he was "differ
ent" from the rest. At all events the
Champ de Mars jury seems to have
found his work "different." Here was
an unknown man sending eight pieces,
and here was a jury of artist-judges
who, as is related, applauded each
piece as it was received and assigned
en important and conspicuous place in
the main hall to the exhibit. The young
sculptor's work was free, vital and In
dividual — the translation of force into
expression. Upon this man, unknown
when the exhibition opened, the un
usual distinction — unusual because he
was a debutant — was conferred of an
election as associate of the Societe Na
tional de Beaux Arts.
During his student days in Paris he
had a large studio, over which was his
sleeping apartment. Wholly absorbed
in his work, he avoided making any so
cial ties. His impressions of types he
got hy walking the streets. In every
possible way he gave himself up to his
art impulses. It is related of him that
one night, when he was modeling "The
Two Natures," he arose In his sleep,
came down the long, irregular stair
ways and landings that led from his
sleeping apartment to his studio and
in a trance went to work on "The Two
Natures." There have been "dream
poems" and "dream pictures," but here
is a "dream sculpt."
Within a comparatively short time
after his debut he returned to this
country. He has his studio on the Fort
Washington boulevard. Mr. Barnard
has clung steadily to his ideals and has
refused important commissions rather
than feel obliged to hurry his work.
Among commissions which he has de
clined was one for ten colossal figures
for the Congressional Library in Wash
ington, which he was asked to execute
In ten months. "Bad art is worse than
bad food," -was his comment.
Mr. Barnard is a Pennsylvanian, but
ppent most his younger years near Chi
cago, whpre his father had a parish.
Before his fifteenth year he was suc
cessively a geologist, a taxidermist and
a jeweler's engraver. At ten he could
classify stones geologically. He then
took up taxidermy, and while still a
mere boy was elected taxidermist to the
Academy of Sciences in lowa. At the
FRATERNAL NEWS.
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Grand Secretary Shaw paid a visit last
■week to Winters and while there was a
truest at an entertainment and ball given
by the local lodge of Rebekahs. During
his visit he laid the foundation for a new
lodge of Odd Fellows in that place.
The sub-committee of the Jubilee Com
mittee has sent out circulars to all the
lodges for the purpose of ascertaining
from each which is preferred as to the
time for celebrating the anniversary of
the founding of the order in this State,
the 9th of September or the week in Oc
tober when the grand encampment will
hold its session. The next meeting of the
general committee will be huJd on the 16th
lnst.
Grand Scribe Barnes has turned the
manuscript of the iournal of the grand
encampment over to the printer. It will
be ready for distribution in a few days.
There are now twenty-nine inmates in
the Orphans' Home at Gilroy. The board
of officers will pay a visit to the home on
the 15th inst.
Mi.ss Mary J. Cope of Pleasanton has
tendered her services to the home to look
after the welfare of the children, intend
ing that it shall be a life work without
compensation. She says that she will de
vote her whole time to caring for the
moral and educational welfare of the chil
dren, assisting them in the study of the
lessons which are assigned to them in the
public school to which they are sent, giv
ing them such advice as a mother would
give. The kind offer will be accepted.
The entertainment and dance that was
given on the 2Sth of last month in aid of
the Friendship Fund of the General Re
lief Committee was well attended arM
was a most interesting affair.
California Rebekah Lodge will hold a
guessing party in its hall In Odd Fellows'
building on the 19th inst.
LOYAL REBEKAH'S PARTY.
The attendance at the Halloween party
given last Monday night by Loyal Re
bekah Lodge was very large and the pro
gramme presented was a very enjoyable
one. The several numbers were present
ed by Miss Ten Eyck, Miss Juliette Chan
dler, M. Anderson, Mrs. H. B. Cyrus,
Mrs. Armstrong, Mrs. Anderson and
others. Then followed a number of games
appropriate to the occasion and a ghost
dance, with the lights turned down. The
evening closed with a select programme
of dances.
To-morrow night the lodge will have an
open meeting.
MANCHESTER UNITY, O. F.
Last Tuesday night there was held in
Mission Opera Hall, under the auspices
of Mission Lodge and the other lodges of
Odd Fellows, Manchester Unity, an open
meeting for the purpose of making the
people of the Mission district familiar
with the history of the order and its
alms There was an audience that filled
same time he was employed as a let
terer and engraver in a Jewelry store,
and was beginning to experiment in
modeling. He made a bas-relief of his
little sister, which attracted enough at
tention to cause him to be sent to the
Chicago Art School. By executing two
busts he obtained money enough to go
to Paris, where he • remained twelve
years.
Mr. Barnard is now engaged on what
he considers to be his most important
work so far. It is to be a group of fif
teen figures, to be called "Primitive
Man," illustrating, as much of his other
work does, the relation of man to na
ture and his struggle in subjugating it
and molding it to his purposes. For
pastime he is carving a clock, fifteen
feet high, from an immense block of
rare wood, the whole, when finished, to
be decorated with carved illustrations
of the "Nibelungenlied."
Among his most noteworthy produc
tions, besides "The Two Natures" and
"Pan," are "Boy in Marble," "Walking
Man and Cain" and "Brotherly Love."
BOOKS
RECEIVED
Not content with the routine of busi
ness and the occasional production of a
book on hnance. Banker Clews has
stepped into the realm of fiction. The
the hall, and It was Instructed by good
speakers and entertained with many
musical and literary numbers. The com
mittee that had charge of the affair has
arranged for other meetings of a like
character In other parts of the city to be
held under the direction o-f other lodges.
At its meeting last week Mission Lodge
conferred the blue degree on eleven can
didates and initiated two applicants. Dr.
J. A. Born has been elected vice grand
of the lodge, which is progressing Wi.ll.
Golden Gate Lodge, at North Beach,
under the direction of F. J. Schott, the
new noble grand, has been doing effective
work recently, taking in new members at
each meeting.
THE ODD LADIES.
There are at this time in this city two
lodges of the Odd Ladies, the ladies' aux
iliary of the Manchester Unity, Odd Fel
lows. One is Golden Star Lodge, which
will be looked after in the future by Mis
sion Lodge, having recently taken quar
ters in that district.
ANCIENT ORDER WORKMEN.
Deputy Grand Master Workman Dan
forth has returned from a visit in the
southern part of the State, and he re
ports considerable activity in that dis
trict.
Folsom Lodge held an open meeting on
the 27th of last month and there was a
very large attendance. There was an ex
hibition of screen work and a lecture by
H. L. Lutrell, assisted by Special Deputy
Immes.
Liist Friday the lodge at Gait initiated
a class of seven candidates.
To-morrow the Capitol drill team will
initkite a number of candidates for the
lodge at Sacramento.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Silver Spray Lodge will give a compli
mentary literary and musical entertain
ment in Excelsior Hall on the night of the
loth inst.
Olive Branch Lodge of Los Gatos cele
brated its first anniversary by an old
clothes party, the chief attraction being
the rag-tag march by the members and
their escorts. The first prize was award
ed to Miss Hume and Mr. Gray. A ban
quet was served during intermission.
The apron and necktie party given by
Ivy Lodge last Wednesday was a great
success. In addition to the *dance there
was a fine programme in which the fol
lowing named took part: W. J. Oakes, E.
Donaldson, L. Holmes, Elsie Hilton, the
Sawyer sisters, Pauline Kessler, Hazel
Jounal, Maggie Bassett and Irene Holmes.
Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. Mayon vis
ited Violet Lodge last Friday and the fol
lowing day she went to Boulder Creek to
organize a new lodge there.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The entertainment committee of Golden
State Parlor recently, for the benefit of
friends, got up aa entertainment and pre
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
result is a story of love, finance and poli
tics that in a way is a curiosity.
As a work of art "Fortuna" cannot be
given a very high place. As a weaving
of romance around certain facts about
Wall street the work is very clever.
To a person desiring an insight into the
"behind the scenes" life of Wall street
and its habitues he can do no better than
read "Fortuna." Banker Clews ought to
know what he is writing about, and when
he states a thing to be a fact it can be
depended upon that it Is a fact. The story
is quite interesting, even though it leaves
little impression on the artißtio part of
our mind.
The characters of the story are first In
troduced on board an ocean liner return
ing from Liverpool. Miss Montague, a
beautiful young American girl, and the
owner of a fabulous fortune, is returning
to New York after an absence of several
years spent abroad, accompanied by her
uncle. General Montague, who is head of
py\N, by Qeorge Cjray Barnard. jKe Golossal Figure Has Just Beer\ Successfully Gut irv J^eW York #
the Wall street banking-house of Mon
tague Bros. & Co. The party also In
cludes an English nobleman and his sis
ter — who is chaperoned by an obliging
aunt— and a member of the French Cham
ber of Deputies, who are visiting Amer
ica for the llrst time. In addition to these
are two young men, members of the New
York Stock Exchange.
Miss Montague is the heroine of the
story, and in her desire to manage her
property, which is valued at fifty million
dollars, she finds it necessary to take up
the study of finance. In this she is ably
assisted by Messrs. Tremaine and Cald
well, the two young members of the Ex
change. A number of interesting dis
cussions follow, which also have their
amusing side, as the author has called
Into play various Wall street phrases,
common to the "street" but somewhat
confusing to the novice taking her first
lesson.
A STUDY OF A CHILD— By Louise
E. Hogan. This is one of the most in
sented a farce in which prominent mem
bers of the parlor took part. It was en
titled "The Boston Dip," and was an
amusing sketch. This was followed by a
short programme presented under the di
rection of the committee consisting of
Miss M. Ducker, Miss M. Teitjen, Mrß. C.
Day, Mrs. B. Denahey, and Miss L. Fah
renburgv
The members of San Miguel Parlor at
their last held meeting tendered a fare
well reception to Mrs. Thomas Eppriy,
one of the energetic members, who left
for Shasta a few days later. After the
close of the meeting the members and a
number of Invited guests had a general
good time, there being a programme of
music, songs, remarks and games. Miss
Isabella Reed, president of the parlor,
presided and furnished enjoyment for all.
The members will all miss Mrs. Enperly.
for she was a very lovable member of
Sna Miguel.
THE PRESIDENT RECEIVED.
The reception that was recently ten
dered by Woodland Parlor of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West to Mrs.
Lena H. Mills, the grand president, was
one of the most delightful affairs that
this parlor has even undertaken. It was
on the occasion of the officers' official
visit, and the work was exemplified to
demonstrate how well the officers were
familiar with It. The highly complimen
tary address of the grand officer was the
best evidence of the correctness of the
work. After the close of the meeting
there was a banquet at the Byrns' Ho
tel, where the dining room had been most
tastefully decorated, and after an excel
lent menu had been discussed there were
a number of toasts that were responded
to by the grand president, Miss Mac Cum
mins, Miss Gertrude McConnell, District
Deputy Mrs. H. E. Cftil President May
Dexter, and Miss Birdie Morris. A pleas
ant incident of the meeting in the par
lor was the presentation to the parlor
by Mrs. I. Lasky of a beautiful United
States flag, to be used in the ritualistic
work.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Buena has under consideration
a proportion to add, free of charge to
members, a physician, in addition to the
other benefits. This lodge is doing ex
ceedingly well, and the attendance at
meetings is large.
Liberty Lodge is experiencing a revival
of Interest.
Los Angeles Lodge received seven ap
plications this week. San Jose Lodge Ini
tiated fifteen members during October and
has sixteen applications on hand. This
lodge is growing so fast that it had to se
cure new quarters.
The Past Dictators' Association at its
last meeting laid out a line of work that
will result in great benefits to the order
in this State.
Out of 125 deaths last month, four oc
curred in California.
THE AMERICAN GUILD.
San Francisco Chapter at its last held
meeting initiated three candidates and
elected thre« applicants. There will be
several candidate 3 for initiation next
"Wednesday .night.
The chapter will give a high. Jinks un
teresting books of the year. The etory
told is a seven-years' diary of a child's
natural growth, showing how he learned
to talk, read, write, add, etc.. without di
rect teaching; and how, incidentally, the
cultivation of obedience, tryst, and other
necessary attributes of healthy growth In
childhood were influenced. The collection
of colored frontispieces, drawings, amd
cuttings, of which there are over five hun
dred, originated in the child's mind, as the
result of his activity. They are accom
panied by the child's explanations, and in
many instances are interesting and
thoughtful. There is quite an element of
fun throughout the book. The results of
the child's study at home, from an educa
tional standpoint, are given in the intro
duction, with sufficient clearness and au
thority to convince the most skeptical of
the practical value of child-study. But
this view of the study in question is not
the most prominent feature of the book.
The fascination of watching the gradual
unfolding of the llltle mind instantly
seizerf the reader, as the story is told so
simply, without suggesting any of the
hothouse methods so often producing the
hybrid. We have all noticed and been im
pressed, almost startled by unexpected
bits of intelligence, but no one has given
a complete and natural record of a child's
Inner life before. Harper Bros., publish
ers New York. Price $2 80. For sale by
A. M. Robertson.
BY THE WESTERN SEA— By Marshall
Ilsley. A neat volume of verse from the
pen of the well-known California writer
has just .appeared. Elder & Shepard, pub
lishers. Sun Francisco. Price, $1 50,
BONNIE MACKIRBY— By Laura Day
ton Fessenden. This is another readable
little book by the author of "A Colonial
Dame." Rand, McNally & Co., publish
ers, Chicago.
HOME ECONOMICS— By Maria Parloa.
A vaJuable addition to the rapidly in
creasing library of books on housekeep
ing. The Century Company, New York.
Price. $1 50.
UNDER DEWEY AT MANILA— By Ed
ward Stratemeyer. A story for boys,
founded on' our famous victory. Lee &
Shepard, publishers, Boston.
The lonf expected volume by Stopford A.
Brooke on "Knglish Literature. From the Be
ginning: to the Norman Conquest" will shortly
be published by the Macmlllan Company. This
Is the first volume of the series of which
Salntsbury's "Elizabethan Literature" and
Gosse's "English Literature In the Eighteenth
Century" are already so widely known.
der the direction of W. L. Pierce, master
of ceremonies, in the banquet hall of the
Native Sons' Hall on the night of Satur
day, the 12th inst.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
Golden Gate Council is still working
hard for first place in the order. At its
last held meeting five candidates were
inducted Into the mysteries and the. ap
plications of ten strangers were referred
to appropriate committees.
Last Tuesday night California Council
initiated five candidates, and under the
good of the order the meeting was enter
tained with addresses by Norman R. Ar
ter, president of Golden Gate Council; J.
W. Cuthbert, president of El Dorado
Council; G. S. Dodd, president of Tosemite
Council, and C. J. King. The quartet,
E. C. Boysen and R. Forster entertained
with musical selections. It was decided
to continue the $2 50 rate until February,
after which two teams were organized,
each to bring In the greatest number of
candidates within a stated period, the
winners to be banqueted by the losers.
During the evening those who brought in
the greatest number of members since last
September were awarded the prizes of
fered. A. A. Barry got the first. Presi
dent Van Orden the second and E. Gar
thorn the third. Whether dues shall be
paid monthly instead of quarterly will be
voted on December 6.
Deputy Bunting Is In Sacramento in the
interest of the order and will be absent
a few weeks.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Dr. G. W. Daywalt, court physician of
Court Aurora, left on the City of
Puebla for Manila as surgeon in charge
of the expedition.
Court Mineral, with forty-six charter
members, was instituted at Kinsman,
Ariz., by A. Orfila, P. H. C. R.
Court Sacramento gave an annual ball
at Turners' Hall on Thursday evening,
October 27. There were about two hun
dred couples present and a good time was
enjoyed by all. George H. Clark was the
floor manager, and great credit was due
to the committee for the success of the
ball. John J. Cordy, Grand Secretary,
and Jacob Label, proprietor of the Ameri
can Foresters' Review, were the special
guests of the evening.
Court El Dorado gave Its tenth semi
annual social and ball at Union-square
Hall Friday, October 28. The following
was the committee of arrangements:
William Buemann, Louis Bendewald,
Louis Krleger. Ph. J. Dlez, H. Schaffer.
Court Farallon No. 71 gave an enter
tainment and ball on Saturday evening,
October 29. at Murphy's Hall, Ocean
View. The following was the programme:
Cornet duet, Getchell sisters; vocal solo,
W. Ft. Scraggs; recitation. Miss M. Pele
gum; comic song, N. Chlstinen; vocal
solo, Mrs. Lenon; oration, John J. Cordy;
song. Misses Marian.
COMPANIONS OF THE F. OF A.
Diana Circle announces a prize box
party on the 17th inst. In the social hall
of the Alcazar.
The farce that was to have been pre
sented by Bobin Hood Circle last Wed
War as Depicted in the Magazines
and in the Publishers' Books
THE magazine reader will perhaps
be a little disappointed in this
month's periodicals. The articles
•which might be called good are
a little old to deserve the appella
tion now, and the rest of the
stuff Is hardly striking. Of pictures
there Is a deluge, most of them, how
ever, barely rising above mediocrity.
An engraving by Timothy Cole, how
ever, Is one of the most original pieces
of work that has appeared for a lent
time and serves ably as an offset to ■
great deal of "chic."
Richard Harding Davis,
who was one of the few
war correspondents to
follow the army from
Cuba to Porto Rico, and who was with
the advance from the time of landing un-
SCRIBNER'S.
til the close of hostilities, gives his im
pressions of "The Porto Rlcan Cam
paign" for the November Scribner's. He
pays high tribute to the generals and
troops who made the closing campaign of
the war seem more like a triumphal par
ade than an aggressive advance through
an enemy's country, and shows that both
regulars and volunteers did the work be
fore them in a way to satisfy the most
exacting military demand. The article
also gives a vivid and clear impression
of the country and people, and describes
many picturesque and amusing incidents
that give Mr. Davis' work so much hu
man interest. The illustrations, are all
from photographs. Charles Scribner's
Sons, New York.
The November Over
land is a most creditable
production in the way.
of a magazine. It is
highly Western in flavor and full of good
stories and good pictures. A notable ar
ticle Is on "The Emperor Maximilllan,"
THEOVERLAND. ',
nesday, has been postponed until next
month.
Inter Nos Circle has arranged for a
social to be given in the near future.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge No. 2 gave an entertain
ment and dance last Monday night. There
was an introductory address by R. W.
McGarvie, who in a concise way gave a
history of the order and its work. He
was followed by recitations by Dr. Terkel
son and Dr. Crawford, and songs and spe
cialties by others. It being the Hallow
een season, the hall was prodfusely dec
orated with pumpkins hollowed out and
turned into grotesque lanterns. A good
programme of dancee followed the enter
tainment and light refreshments and ice
cream were served.
The supreme treasurer having, by rea
son of Inability to attend to the duties of
the office, tendered her resignation, the
vacancy was filled by the appointment of
Mrs. A. Boehm of Pioneer Lodge. She
was installed by Supreme President Mrs.
McLane last Monday night. Next Tues
day night the new treasurer will enter
tain the members of Pioneer Lodge in
their hall.
Last Tuesday Pioneer Lodge initiated
several candidates.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
A new court of the Independent Order of
Foresters has been instituted in the Mis
sion district. It has been named Apollo
No. 3946. The officers installed for the
first term are W. W. Watson, C. D. ; Dr.
J. A. Born, C. P.; Roy A. Daniels, C. R.;
G. E. Daniels, V. C: G. A. Mauerhan. R.
S. ; Frederick L. Griffiths, F. S.; Harry E.
Snook. T.; J%.mes A. Wilson, P. C. R. ;
The court was instituted by E. A. Mack
a"hd F. W. Chapman, D. S. C. R.
Court Yerba Buena at its last held meet
ing decided to postpone its monthly social
evening until December. The court dur
ing the evening elected three candidates
and initiated two of them.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
D. T. Brown has been elected secretary
of Cooper Council, vice S. F. M. Mangan
resigned.
Past Supreme President J. J. McDade
and Supreme Delegates Dr. T. H. Morris,
J. Gallagher and John Lynch have re
turned. They report that th€ session was
an interesting one and that but few
material changes were made in the laws
of the order. The first three named on
their return visited the council in Wash
ington, D. C, and the last named visited
the one in Denver. At each place they
were well received and hospitably enter
tained.
Columbia Council will give an anni
versary banquet on the 22d inst.
GOLDEN GATE CAMP, W. O. W.
Last Monday Golden Gate Camp, Wood
men of the World, Initiated three candi
dates lr the presence of a large member
ship and visitors from all the local camps.
Tamalpais Camp, accompanied by Its
brass band, visited in a body, and tne
musicians contributed to the entertain
ment of all. There were solos by Messrs.
Miller, Tickner, Naylor and Dally, and
by Arthur Inkersley. The Overland Pub
lishing Company, San Francisco.
Frank Leslie's Pop
lar Monthly for No
vember is the Initial
number in the new
of this long-time
and improved form
favorite illustrated family magazine,
with a handsome cover in colors and
gold. Its price is reduced to 10 cents, $1
per ■ annum. This is unquestionably a
■wise : and popular move on the part of the
publishers; and the return of Mrs. Frank
Leslie to the editorship of the magazine
assures for it a future as brilliant as its
past has been prosperous.
The current (November) number of the
new Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly
makes good its promises in a splendid ta
ble of contents, which includes: An illus
trated symposium on "Greater America."
with contributions by Colonel A. K. Mc-
Clure. General Fitzhugh Lee and Sena
tors Chandler and Davis; "With Wheeler
NEW FRANK
LESLIE'S POPULAR
MONTHLY.
and Roosevelt at Santiago," by the Rev.
Peter Mac Queen; Clara Barton on "Red
Cross Work in Cuba."
The illustrators of this number include:
Albert Wenzell, S^ Werner. Ch. Grun
wald. Hugh M. Eaton, Frank Adams,
Florlan Peixotto and Walter Goltz.—
Frank Leslie's Publishing House, 141-143
Fifth avenue, New York.
in rorpeao tsoat
Service," in the Novem
ber number of Harper's
Magazine, Lieutenant J.
(J. Fremont, commanding the Portgr,
treats of the character and the value of
the service rendered by, the torpedo-boats
during the late Spanish-American war,
and gives striking instances of adventure
on the Porter, including a description of
the time that the Porter chased what was
supposed to be an enemy's ship, and did
not discover her mistake until the final
rush to torpedo was made when, just in
the nick of time, the identity 01 the ship
was recognized, and the order to cease
firing" was given. The illustrations of the
HARPER'S.
Head Adviser Richard Fahy explained his
plan for organization work. There were
also addresses by A. D. McLean, G. C.
Groezinger and M. Estes.
Last Wednesday the officers of Golden
Gate Camp visited San Francisco Camp,
when four candidates were initiated. Con
sul Commander C. W. Bell, on behalf of
Golden Gate Camp, presented the new
camp with its charter, handsomely
framed. The new camp now has eighty-
Bix members.
Three thousand invitations have been
issued for the entertainment to be given
by Golden Gate Camp on the 17th inst.
J. H. Greefklns, a prominent member of
this camp, is now in Manila as a private
in^Company H, First Colorado Volunteers.
WOODMEN OF THE WORLD.
A new camp was recently organized in
the Richmond District by M. Holder. Last
week the new camp was visited by Head
Adviser Richard Fahy and a delegation
of the members of the order. Manager
John Slack Patterson, who' was one of
the visitors, instructed the novices in the
mysteries of the Chopper's Oriental de
gree.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS.
Last Tuesday High Chief Ranger Boehm
visited Court Eureka, After the close of
the court there was a smoker, at which
Past High Chief Ranger H. Beaver pre
sided, and there was a general good time.
Last Wedneseday the high chief ranger
visited Court Sherwood Forest, and on
Thursday- night he was with Court Gar
fleld and Court Star of the West.
Court Sherwood Forest gave a pleasant
entertainment last Thursday night In
Foresters' Hall. The programme includ
ed an address by Chief Ranker W. F.
Gentle and specialties, vocalization and
recitations by Miss Rosa Gold. W. Hart,
Master Bloom, Miss B. Rattigan, W. J.
Dolan, Miss Gladys Williams. Professor
D'Arcy, James Guildea, and remarks by
John Henderson, W. M. Cannon. There
was also a sabre drill by Troop X of the
Fourth Cavalry.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Washington Circle visited Mizpah Cir
cle last Tuesday in its circle room, Oak
land. The same night the supreme treas
urer, secretary and right and left guides
paid a >isit to Pride of the Forest Circle
in the same city. After the visit these offi
cers, in company with members of the cir
cle went to Mizpah Circle and had a
pleasant visit, which was followed by a
banquet. „,, .
Eureka Circle initiated three candidates
at its last held meeting. Loyal circle
will initiate several at its next meeting.
Sherwood Circle celebrated its sixth an
niversary' by a grand ball last night.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The entire membership of the order in
this city has been notified to attend a
meeting on the 11th inst. in the hall of
Golden Gate Council for the purpose of
discussing a matter of great importance
tO The" first prize, awarded for the council
Initiating the greatest number of mem
bers-during the past year, was awarded
to lociai Council, and was presented, last
article are from drawings by H. Reiiter
dahl, and from a photograph of a Span
ish torpedo captured by the Porter. Other
leading features of Harper's Magazine for
November are: '"Bismarck," by Sydney
Whitman, with an engraving by E. Schla
ditz of a hitherto unpuDlished portrait;
"With the Fifth Corps," by Frederic
Remington, illustrated by the author;
The Century begins lta
new year with a bril
liant cover in color by
the well-known Parisian
poster artist, urasset, who made the
Napoleon poster for The Century. This
time he pictures Alexander the Great on
the famous Bucephalus. This is in con
nection with the magazine's new histori
cal serial on Alexander, written by Pro
fessor Benjamin Ide Wheeler, which witt
be one of the leading features for tha
coming year. The lessons from the career
of the Macedonian conqueror ar« of par
ticular interest in th^se aays of empire
making projects. Aside from the arch
aeological material that is pictured, tha
life is strikingly Illustrated by Castalgna
and Loeb. Captain Charles D. Sigsbe«
begins his "Personal Narrative of tha
Maine." This la the contribution of tha
commander of the battleship to The Cen
tury's new war series, which will includa
articles by most of the leading offlcera in
the land and naval operations In the re
cent war. Captain Slgsbee, In this paper,
gives for the first time, and in a full and
authoritative manner, the story of tha
ordering of the Maine to Havana, her ar
rival in the harbor, her reception by tha
Spanish officials, and the precautions that
were taken to guard her safety.
THE CENTURY.
r The complete novel In,
| the November lsaue or
iL.ipplncott'9 "A Triple
-Entanglement," oy
Mrs. Burton Harrison, has its scene*
mainly In Spain and England. The hero
Is an American, whose course of true lov«
does not by any means run smooth, but
leads him into safe harbor at last. The
taie is one of this favorite author's best,
and perhaps the longest which has ever
appeared in Lippincott's.
"Mercer's Best Shot." as described by
Joseph A. Altsheler, was a very remark
able shot indeed, at an enemy whose
Bhadow only could be seen. More vigor
of conception and description has seldom
been put into two pages.
J. Annoy Knox, in "The Petrified Leys,"
revives and amplifies the Irish legend of
Lough Neagh. "The Destroyer" li «n
allegory by i*aul R. Heyl.
LIPPINCOTT'S.
David Starr Jordan, th»
dtstingrulshed scientist and
Government commissioner
to Alaska, opens the No
vember Atlantic by grivlnsr
the results of his official experience ana
scientific observations of the many errors
of our management in Alaska, by which
the vast resources of that wonderful
country — furs, food fish, timber, mines,
etc.— have been and still are recklesalr
squandered, and wealth and property
needlessly thrown away by the nation;
and he sounds a much-needed note of
warning as to the probable results of the
administration of the prospective colonies
now ready to our hands should they bo
treated In the same wasteful, corrupt and
ruinous fashion.
ATLANTIC
MONTHLY.
The leading: features of th«
American Monthly Review
of Reviews for November
are: The editorial comment
on the State and Congres
sional campaigns (Illus
trated): an Illustrated account of the
work of the Y. M. C. A. In connection,
with the army and navy during the war
with Spain, by Albert Shaw; an artlclo
on "The Newspaper Correspondents In
the War," with numerous portraits; Mr.
Creelman's own story of his Santiago ad
ventures; "Ouida's" "Impeachment of
Modern Italy," with Slgnor Vecchla's re
ply; "The Nicaragua Canal In the Light
of Present Politics," by Professor L. M.
Keasbey; and "The Nicaragua Canal and
Our Commercial Interests, by Dr. Em
ory R. Johnson.
REVIEW
OF
REVIEWS.
7 In timeliness, ta r 1•t r
and posltlvenesa of quai-
I lty and Interest th»
- November number of Mc-
Clure's must be pronounced a rare maxa.-:
zlne. A character sketch of Colonel The
odore Roosevelt presents. In Its full plo-j
turesqueness, the personality of one of!
the most independent, original and force
ful of living: Americans. "The Inner
History of Admiral Sampson's Cam
paign," related mainly In hitherto un
published official dispatches, gives for the
first time the full and true story of the
finding and securing of Cervera's fleet.
"A True Story of the Fire Patrol," and
Mr. E. A. FitzGerald's account of his
own experiences in leading a party for.
the first time in human record to the
tops of the two highest mountain peaks
in the western hemisphere, and perhapa
the highest ever climbed, exhibit human,
power and endurance In their strongest,
most herioc manifestation.— The S. S. Mc-
Clure Co., New York.
McCLURE'S.
Outing for November is an
all alive number, wide in
Its scope and timely in its
subjects. The horse in tha
show ring, the football player on the grid
iron, the golfer in championships, the
tennis player at the nets, the yacht on the
storm-tossed bosom of old ocean, the
trapper in the woods, the athlete in his
Chicago home, the salmon, the deer and
the goose are only some of its varied con
tents by such well-known authorities as
"Walter Camp on football, J. Parmly Paret
on tennis, A. H. Godfrey on the horse, Ed
W. Sandys on rod ond gun, A. J. Kenealy
and E. L. H. McGinnls on yachting and
H. L. Fitz Patrick on golf.— Outin* Pub
lishing Company, New York.
OUTING.
Thursday night in Shasta Hall, N. 8. 8.,
by Grand Councilor Boehm.
Fairmount Council at its last held meet
ing initiated two candidates, and Evans
Council will initiate several strangers on
the 10th inst.
THE JUNIORS.
Abraham Lincoln Council has appointed
a committee to arrange a high jinks and
an entertainment, musical and literary.
The report of the treasurer of the coun
cil shows a healthy financial condition.
The ■council has nearly $1000 on hand. It
has a number of members on the
sick list and a number who are conva
lescent.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
The entertainment that was given last
week in Odd Fellows' Hall in aid of the
bureau of relief was well attended and
proved a great success.
The Dramatic O. of K. will have a pil
grimage to Los Angeles on the 19th inst..
and in Pythian Hall the mysteries of that
wonderful order will be explained to a
number of curious knights by George B.
Shaffer, the I. N.
The new lodge at French Gulch, Shasta
County, will be instituted by T. B. Dozier,
with more than fifty charter members.
Afte,r the election Grand Chancellor
Charles L. Patton will make a number of
official visitations.
The board of control of the endowment
rank has issued a circular in which, b.y
facts and figures, it shows that it is per
fectly solvent and assorts that the claims
of its enemies are entirely without foun
dation.
THE DRUIDS.
The grand officers paid an official visit
last week to Volta Grove and had tiie
work exemplified by the initiation of four
candidates. After the visit all went to a
rotiyserie, where a banquet was served.
Last Tuesday Aurora Grove Installed its
officers for the current term. N. Blanchi
is now noble arch and P. Bersottl record
ing secretary.
To-morrow night the grand officers will
pay a visit to Laurel, Templar, Norma
and Golden Star Groves, which are to
meet in joint session.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
California Hive at its meeting last
Wednesday night had a pleasant meeting,
initiated one candidate and received two*
applications.
During the evening Mrs. Levitt, tha
lady chaplain, tendered her resignation
as she is about to remove to Vallejo to be
absent for an indefinite period An im
promptu banquet was got up in her honor
and as a token of appreciation of her
services she was presented with a gold
emblem of the order.
This hive will give a party on the night
of next Wednesday in the Social Hall of
the Foresters' building.
ORDER OF PENDO.
Golden Gate Council No. 2 of the Order
of Pendo has arranged for a grand enter
tainment to be given to-morrow night in
the Social Hall of the Foresters' building.
There will be a programme of music
songs, recitations and specialties, and
then there will be dancing and refresh
ments.Blanche Bates as the Ibsen Missionary
Of the Woolly West.
The Frawleya say good-by to-night,
but not in "An Enemy to the King."
The ladies are crying for more Ibsen,
bo "A Doll's House" will be repeated
and Mr. Frawley will not leave us his
Impersonation of a romantic leading
man as a parting picture. Blanche
Bates, who night by night has gained
In popular favor, is now the theatrical
heroine of the hour. She had the au
dacious enterprls% to give an Ibsen
matinee; the public liked it, and she is
theirs, tighter than ever. Miss Bates
Is made of the right stuff; there are
blood and brains In her acting, and she
is not afraid to fail. The English
speaking women who have succeeded in
Ibsen parts are few; the English
spoken performances of Ibsen that
have been successes are, I believe, none.
It is a popular theatrical superstition,
based on cruel fact, that Englished
Ibsen and the box office do not balance
on tike opulent side. I don't believe that
Miss Bates dreamed of attracting an
audience as numerous as the one that
filled the Baldwin Friday afternoon;
and I don't beiieve that she was cock
sure of her own personal success in the
part of Nora. But she made the plunge
•with nerve, and, better still, with ar
tistic preparation; and in the minds of
thpse who take the drama seriously she
did wonders. Among the arch-Ibsenltes
(by the way, I think the Ibsenites have
conspired more than anybody else to
keep Ibsen from being popular) she
will be honored as the pioneer mission
ary of the woolly "West; and locally, if
she doesn't stop with the success of one
play, she will be regarded as an entire
institution of modern dramatic art. At
this rate it is only a question of time
when a street will be named after
Blanche Bates. Seriously, though, Miss
Bates not only acted a famous Ibsen
part with sanity and distinction, but
ghe gave us a production that w r as ad
mirable in nearly every detail. She
has broken the ice and there is no fur
ther reason why we should not have
an intelligent, human play now and
then, just as well as music of the bet
ter kind under the auspices of a sym
phony society.
• • •
Writing of symphonies reminds me
that the Symphony Society commences
a new season on the afternoon of the
17th inst.— this time in the Orpheum,
■where an audience of 1800 may be
housed without calling into service the
seats under the gallery. Fritz Scheel
■will lead and the personnel of the or
chestra will be practically the same as
last year. The only important changes
are the resignations of Messrs. Lisser,
Greenbaum and Zech from the direc
tory and the election to It of H. J. Stew
art, i understand that Mr. Stewart is
to be an advisory committee on music,
that he will supply the announcements
of programmes to the press, and that
incidentally he will ••manage" the in
spired but eccentric Scheel. But this
is not half enough work for a man of
Stewarts energy> "Why can"t he em
ploy a few odd hours in getting up the
analytical programmes that were al
together too amusing a feature of last :
season? But few musicians can write ;
stuff that is w«rth reading, and H. J. I
Stewart is one of them.
• • •
Another musician who can write—
■who for five years and more wrote the
music criticisms for the Chicago Tri
bune and is a front authority on music
and its history— is William Armstrong.
Mr. Armstrong went to England last
year with Nordlca and* lectured on
American and British song com
posers; now he Is here missionarying
the West. He talks Wednesday after
noon in the Columbia Theater on
American composers, with musical il
lustrations by Fritz Scheel and a sym
phony orchestra, and if you are search-
Ing for something unique, cultivated
and delightful I recommend Mr. Arm
strong's afternoon.
• • *
Ever since Mr. Zangwlll lectured on
___ AMUSEMENTS. AMUSEMENTS. I
BALDWIN! iS'?.?: "A Doll's House"
Gottlob, Marx & Co., Leaeees and Managers. 0 BLANCHE I3P-TES as Nora.
OEGIINNING MONDAY NIGHT.
MR. JACOB LITT PRESENTS ORANT STEWART'S SUCCESSFUL COMEDY,
p£~ . . MISTAKES : . IpTl
WILL '
THECOMEDY , , - - - — * — k w- » m | | ,
s t u h c e ce v s c s a R of I _ HAPPEN! . . laugh-
I •• • • I A great COMPANY, HEADED BY ' -1
CHARLES DICKSON AND HENRIETTA CROSMAN.
COMING WILLIAM GILLETTE IN "SECRET SE*RVICE."
COLUMBIA THEATER &%ZSZ?i.
Gottlob, Marx & Co.. Lessees and Managers. Matinee Saturday.
Fir^t Appearance in San Francisco s* x: . -
THE PEERLESS ' L^K9^L^
MAGICIAN uKl^^^i
X t LiL Alv pyMl
■ - Assisted by ; fff^/^
MRS. KELLAR. ■• MW^
Presenting a Series of Startling Illusions, So Weird and Inexplicable
As to Appear Almost Supernatural, Exploiting the
MYSTERIES OF THE MAHATMA PRIESTS OF INDIA.
Projection of the A»tral Body! Growing of the Orange Tree from Beed to Ripened Fruit,
which is distributed In the audience! Transforming Women Into Men! . Disintegration of
Human Beings,- whose Bodies Gradually Fade Away Into Thin Air. "The Mystery of
L'Hassa," a Hindoo Marvel. In which the Laws of Gravity are Defied! "The Princess
Karnak"; "The Great Simla Seance," exploiting all Modern Spiritualistic Deceptions!
GET RID OF YOUR WIFE INSTANTLY! g^'alSlTn o .^
The Mysteries of the Blue Rpom%S« p^aiiei
IWKELLAR NEVER WORKS ON DARKENED STAGES— EVERYTHING IN FULL
UQHT, WITHOUT SCREE SB. TRAPS •OR COVERS. . - "v^M !
By Ashton Stevens.
"The Drama" in New York th«
metropolitan critics have been g©
lng for him hot and heavy. Mr. Zang
wlll thinks that something besides art
dictates the modern play and its mod
ern manager and actor. He says In
this country what he has often said
before in London, and the New York
critics who are now roasting him seem
to take it that the entire lecture is new
and evolved for the special Insult of
New York. Here are some of Mr.
Zangrwiirs observations:
In the great old days two boards and a
passion made a drama; to-day it needs
two sticks and a wardrobe.
In London, when a play "by a new au
thor is introduced, he is usually part fin
ancier, or the manager Is part author.
The old Greek dramatists paid and
trained the actors; the English actors
pay and train their dramatists.
One epigram that will long be remem
bered and quoted is as to the "adapters"
of French plays: They steal their litera
ture from the French and leave out the
literature. They protect the morals of
audiences by legitimatizing the baatards
of French creation and translating the
Indecent Into unintelligible.
The modern aotor ignores mathematics
and believes the part greater than the
whole.
When I wbjU to amuee my servant girl
I send her to see a play that contains a
steam engine and a snowstorm. She can
see both by looking out of the window.
but it delights her to see them in thc
wrong place.
Biblical personages* are not allowed on
the stage except in oratorios — Elijah may
appear only in a dress suit.
• • •
Poor Edward Bell! He went the
pace, and now he is walking home. I
saw him the other night at the Comedy
Theater in "A Scrap of Paper," en
vironed by the Henderson company.
! and my heart went out to him in sym
pathy. Whatever sins Mr. Bell may
have committed against the Frawleys
and Los Angeles were, in my opinion,
expiated on the spot. The Henderson
company is such a liberal fifty cents'
worth of bad acting that it ought to at
tract attention even in San Francisco,
where you can buy lots of strange
things with that amount of money.
Certainly the Henderson company is
more than Mr. Bell deserved. And to
get it here, that is rubbing things in.
Helping the Hendersons ravage one
night stands is bad enough, but to be
compelled to lead them openly in San
Francisco where friends and enemies
abound— that is a terrible deal. Poor
Bell in his elegant overcoat of furs,
playing for all that is in him to the ac
companiment of a low-priced edition of
Maxine Elliot, and 'heavy" gentleman
with misfit voice and whiskers, Is one
of the saddest things ever seen in the
business. ASHTON STEVENS.
The Baldwin.
"Mistakes Will Happen," which opens j
an engagement cf two weeks at the Bald-S
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
■win Theater to-morrow night, tolls."' v.
merry, rollicking story, something of a
rarity In farcical comedies. It begins In
a quiet and orderly manner at the apart
ments of a Miss Dorothy Mayland, an
1 actress who has been secretly marri:-il
| to the leading man of the company. The
i name- of the theater at which they are
I playing is the Morality. The name has
■ nothing whatever to do with the play, but
the author. Grant Stewart, gets a good
! deal of genuine amusement in having the
; manager of the theater a rank opponent
|of the marriage compact. From the
I standpoint taken by the manager it be
j comes necessary for the young players
to keep their marriage secret. Hence
trouble and confusion arise when both
| are introduced into the household of the
! wealthy Hunter-Chasers. The earlier
i scenes of the play are along the strict
lines of light comedy.
The leading man. Tom Genowin, has
i also written a play that he wishes very
much to have placed upon the stage. Ho
finds upon meeting Mrs. Hunter-Chase
that she is imbued with the idea of be
coming an amateur actress and thinking
that it will give '•Vanity's Victim," the
play he has written, a production, he of
fers to coach her in the leading part. Hie
wife, Dorothy Mayland, on the other
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO,, Lessees and Managers,
00 D l l l ID PRICES- 150, 25c, 35c, 500
rllrlll flit ATTRACTIONS
1 Ul Ul-nll with the People. ;
TO-NIGHT! && L EX!
The Greatest Comedy Event of the, Season. -
• • "THOSE FUNNY • FOLKS," • -
MURRAY
...AND.*.
MACK
The. Famous Original -Irish Comedians, "In
_ :,-. Their latest Doings," ...
[INNIBAN'S
■ BALL
BSBBsllrlLiL
BIGGEST * am HT* ON
FARCE (T ZM *^ §
COMEDY o.V^.-TIW ,M. RECORD.
EXTRA!
SUNDAY NIGHT, ; NOV. 13.
William, Calder's Sterling Company In Harking
■-.-■*; -■'.■ t and > Barbours' :' - t
, ROMANTIC MILITARY -PI/AY, ,-- •'-*
"THE NORTHERN LIGHTS"
hand, thinks to do her husband a great
service by Interesting Hunter-Chase In
the play. In this she has no difficulty,
for the old humbug finds the actress a
most charming woman and very much to
his taste. The first act ends In a soene
in which both couples make an appoint
ment to consider the manuscript, and by
a singular fatality they are both for the
same day, hour and place. The action
of the second act takes place in the coach
house of the Hunter-Chases, and the
complications which follow the fact that
there are two sets of husbands and wives
trying to deceive on© another— one In the
loft, the other below, each feeling guilty
and jumping at every strange noise, yet
■retting more and more compromised — are
productive of a great deal of laughter
from the auditors.
The last act of th© comedy takes place
in the veatibuled hallway of a fashionable
boarding-house. Everything la settled
satisfactorily to everybody concerned ami
the audience has the satisfaction of
knowing that "Vanity's Victim" has
found an angel and will be produced at
last. Jacob Litt has made the production
and It is said to be a very elaborate one.
The company which he has gathered to
gether includes Charles Dlckson, Henri
etta Orosmnn, Nanette Comstock, Charles
Harbury. Carrie Behr, Edmund Law
rence, Adah Eckert, Ben Deane and
Franklin Garland.
Jhe Golumbia.
Kellar, the magician, appears at the
Columbia this week. The following is
said to be a simple statement of what
he did at Daly's Theater in New York
every night during nig four months' run
there last season:
The stage is open and clear from all
obstructions. There is one chair in the
; middle of the stage and directly above It
depends a big electric arc light. Aside
! from these, there ign't a scrap of furni
! ture or ornamentation of any kind. The
I stage is brilliantly lighted all the time,
Saa Francisco, Cal=, Estab. 1887
WALTER TO ORPHEUM CO., Proprietors.
....WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, NOVEMBER T....
STARS PROM OOMIO OPERA, THE LEGITIMATE AND VAUDEVILLE COMBINED IN A GREAT BILL.
Important Engagement of the Famous Qneen of Comic Opera,
M'^s PAULINE HALL
Rendering Popular Songs and Opsratlc Gems Made Famous by This Celebrated Artist.
Af/SS BEATRICE MORELAND,
Assisted by CHAS. M. BEA7, Presenting Mr. Goo. M. Cohan's Latest Comedy, "A GAME Of GOLF."
Entire New Aot by the World's Greatest Illusionist.
CARL HERTZ *«'»«* «r MLLE. D' ALTON
Presenting Their Sensational Illasion, "AEROLITHE," or the Mystery of the Air.
RAYMON MOORE. I NEWSBOYS' QUINTET
Entire Change of Songs. I In New Repertoire.
~fEARL ANDREWS. SELLS A YOUNG,
New Impersonations. Comedy Aerobati.
JOHN C. RICE AND SALLY COHEN
In a New Comedy Sketoh, "THE KLEPTOMANIACS," Introducing Dancas by Mr. Rice and Miss Colon
Return Engagement- THE BIQGRAPH /-With Entire Now Views.
MATINEE TO-DAY (Suntay)^^
. SPECIAL TUESDAY AFTERNOON, NO7EMBER 8, AT 2:80 P. M.,
MONSTER FAREWELL POPULAR HEINRICH'S RECITAL.
MR. MAX lEINRICH, Barytone ; MRS. MAX HE. NRIOH. Seprauo ; MISS JULIA HEINRICH, Contralto.
Popular Selections ! Popular Prices I 25c nd 60c. Seate Now n Sale at Orpheun Box Office.
ALCAZARJTHEATER.
TO-NIGHT I N - c * 6OODWIN ' B
IU-mUliil . "AMBITION."
YOU TO-MORROW NIOBT,
YOUR _..-- ■_
LAUGH BILL,.
i ii 10 Vl From the Garden "
YEAR ? .Theater, New York. ; .
i WiEDTIQS EKTHEMB a**,,v V fl v* ittEfIJUY SIHHT .
yet, in the full glare of the biff light.
Mr. Kellar takes his seat in the chair,
makes a few passes and commands his
body to dissolve into thin air. It grad
ually and slowly fades until the back of
the chair Is seen through his form. Fin
ally It disappears altogether, much as a
cloud of mist would be dissipated by the
morning sun. He doesn't walk off the
stage at all; he simply sits still and slow
ly vanishes. Then he sits in the same
chair and turn's himself Into Mrs. Kel
lar, who steps to the footlights aod
speaks to the audience.
Jhe California.
Murray and Mack, in "Flnnlgan s Ball,"
a farce comedy play, is at the California
Theater to-night and throughout the
weelfc Many new features have been
added to the skit since it was here be
fore. The cast includes Fred Wilson,
Len Delmore, Billy Barry Harry Hop
ping Fred de Voe, Frank W atters, Misses
Kittle Beck, Reine Gale, Fannie and
Male Trumbull. Mona Carrington,
Blanch* Creago and Kittle Hawthorne.
! Murray and Mack are the principal fun
] makers; their humor is as of old. Their
| burlesque glove contest is said to be ex
tremely ludicrous.
"Northern Lights," an army drama,
comes to the California on the 13th inst.
for two weeks.
Jhe TiVoli.
At the Tivoli next week four perform
ances will be devoted to the presentation
of "Girofle-Girofla" and four to "The Cir
cus Queen." The above mentioned operas
both scored big hits at this house, and j
many of the Tlvoli's patrons have evinced j
i a desire to witness them again. "The Cir
cus Queen" will ail be brightened by the ;
• addition of several new songs. The cast !
i of "Girofle-Glrofla" was said to be the :
I best ever seen in this city, and will no
! doubt receive a hearty welrome. Miss \
1 Anna Lichter will be heard in the title i
role on Monda"y and Friday evenings, and i
Miss Croix Wednesday and Sunday even- •
■ ings. Oscar Well's new opera, "Suzette," j
I is in rehearsal and will receive a careful
i performance at the hands of this splendid
OLYMPIA, cor a l23 y .
'.. America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FRffE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
ERN STARS.
THE NEW YORK FAVORITES,
Ii'LVEY and INMAN,
In Their Great Specialties. .
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK AND A GREAT
SENSATION. ' .
The Four Florencesl
>***Last APPEARANCE "- of
IRENE FRANKLIN.
H\- : ";/ ■ AT MATINEE TO-DAY. : ;
■ < AND A WONDERFUL SHOW.
1 - v Of Ten Great Acts.
XAXINKB SUJ&DAX. ADMJ^XON FREE.
iv.:v--:.-'--- -■-■■■■. <_'■... .;. ■■- :.= : ' _
company. Manager W. H. Leahy la ex
pected back from New York next weel
with a lot of the latest Eastern successes
|JeW Gomedy.
The railroad scene in the "Heart of
Chicago," which plays an engagement of
one week at the Comedy Theater, begin
ning to-morrow night, is loudly heralded.
If it is anything like what is promised it
is worth going to see. By means of a
skillful illusion a train apparently five
miles away is brought under a full head
of steam to the footlights. The train is
manned by live men. The scenery tells a
deal of the history ©< Chicag o fro, rathe
fire to the World's Fair. A capable com
pany is promised.
The y\!cazar.
i At the Alcazar this week a farce from
the French called "Dr. Bill" will be pre
sented by the stock company.
Dr Brown retired from his profession
when he took unto himself for a wife
Louisa Ferman. so as to keep her and
her parents in ignorance of the gay life
he had led in the past. His practice had
been largely among the society members
of the fair sex. The bride's father pro
tests against Brown remaining- in idle
ness, and unbeknown to him has printed
and distributed in the sporting part of
London several thousand cards advertis
ing his son-in-law's profession. Many of
these cards fall into the hands of Brown's
old admirers, who knew him only as "Dr.
Bill." Then the tenderloin patients flock
to him and the complications come faat
and furious.
J^orosco's.
The new attraction at Morosco's Grand
Opera House this week is a superb re
vival of David Belasco's dramatization of
Adolphe Belot's French novel. "The
Stranglers of Paris." ihe play has not
been seen in this city since it was pro
duced to enthusiastic audiences at the
Alcazar Theater by Lewis Morrison and
Gustavus Levick. Like all of the old
standard favorite dramas, it holds so
MOROSCO'S GRANDS
v altkr Mohosco, Sole Lessee and Mauajjei
WEEK OF NOVEMBER 7. 1898.
GRAND PRODUCTION
Of the Great French Melodrama.
Stranglers of Paris
A Panorama of the World's Gay Metropolis.
Exciting plot. Strong cast. Great scenes.
Seats on Sale at the Box Office
And Main Floor of the Emporium.
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats . . . 25 and 50c
Family Circle and Gallery , . 10c
MATINEES Saturday and Sunday
TIVOU OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestlno Krellng, Proprietor and Mgr.
LABT PERFORMANCE-TO-NIGHT
THE...
GRAND
DUCHESS.
Presented by the Leading Opera Organisation
of America.
Next Week — "GIROFLE-GIROFLA and
"CIRCUS QUEEN."
Coming— "SUZETTE."
Popular Prices 25c and 60a.
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, X«.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
OOTTLOB. MARX &CO.. Lessees and Managers.
to-nightTsunday.
last time.
The Highly Praised Production,
SOU/IING THE IA7IIND.
Tbe Great Sex Against Sex Drama,
MONDAY.
KELLAR, the Great Magician.
iNQLESIDE COURSINtt PARK."
NEXT SATUeDAHHO SUNDAY.
PUPPY AND OPEN STAKES.
ALL THE CRACK GREYHOUNDS
IN AMERICA WILL BE IN
THE RUNNING.
Take ar Mission-street car and it will' land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION— 2S cents. LADIES FREE.
much of Intense interest that it is always
sure of an enthusiastic welcome from the
audiences at the Grand. Mr. Brophy. aa
Jagon the strangler, will have a powerful
role calling for his best efforts. Miss At
wood will be the Mathilde of the cast, and
may be depended upon for a strong
dramatic impersonation. The play is in
seven acts and has a long cast. The
principa} scenes are the bridge over the
Seine and the prison pen of a convict
ship.
Jhe Orpheum.
Paulino Hall will appear at the Orpheum
this week in popular songs and operatic
selections. Several character songs she
will costume appropriately. Another card
is Beatrice Moreland, who attained con
siderable fame as a comedienne in the
Frohman company and later with Sol
Smith Russell, in "A Game of Golf," writ
ten by George M. Cohan, who is well
known to Orpheum patrons as a member
of the Four Cohans. John C. Rice and
Sally Oohen have a new comedy skit en
titled "The Kleptomaniacs," and Carl
Hertz, the magician, puts on an entirely
new act, Including his sensational illusion,
"Aerolithe," in which Mile, d' Alton
dances, pirouettes, turns somersaults, etc,
in midair. Raymon Moore has a new
repertoire and the Newsboys' quintet ap
pear in a new act.
Jhe Olvjmpia.
The Olympia Music Hall has Mulvey and
Inman, who were recently seen at the
Orpheum, in an entirely new act.
The Ghutes.
At the Chutes Free Theater the pro
gramme will be new from beginning to
end next week, and a lot of pood thins*
are promised. The bill will Include Durno,
a magician direct from New York, said
to be very clever; Marie Kellar. an oper
atic soprano, who studied under Marchesl;
Ed O'Connor, Irish comedian, and Mile,
Garnett, a Black-wire performer. Steinle
and Slmmen, a character singing: duo, will
introduce an original Philippine cake
walk.
A Musical Lecture
The ladies of the Chanrdng Auxiliary
announce a lecture to bA given by Mrs.
William Armstrong on "American Com
posers" at the Columbia Theater next
Thursday afternoon at 8 o'clock. Mrs.
Armstrong will be assisted by Fritz
Scheel and his symphony orchestra, and
among other compositions the "Gaelic"
symphony by Mrs. H. H. A. Beach, and
the "Indian" suite by B. A. MacDowell,
will be played. This will be the first
time that a lecture has ever been illus
trated with music, and as it is the first
big musical event of the season the house.
should be crowded.
Frarxk Mathieu's Benefit
Frank Math leu, the popular young San
Franciscan who recently adopted the
stage aa a profession, will be given a
benefit at the Native Sons' Hall next
Wednesday evening, prior to his going
on the road with the Frawleys. The pro
gramme will b« made up of musical num
bers by Miss Alice Ames, Miss Marie
Wilson, Frank Mitchell and George Mc-
Brlde, followed by the comedietta "My
Uncle's Will," participated in by Miss
Mabel Reed, Albert McKinnon and Mr.
Mathieu. The beneficiary will also give
Meredith's "Aux Italiens." Mr. Mathieu
has hundreds of friends in the city, and
the house will undoubtedly be packed.
B. J. Morgan, who has been playing
John Storm in "The Christian," 1b obliged
to return to his position in the New York
Lyceum Company, so Viola Allen's man
agers have engaged Joseph Haworth to
take his place, the change to go Into
effect November 22, when the company
plays at the Columbia Theater, Brooklyn.
Since we are to have Ibsen with
us it may be well to get used
to anti-Ibsenite criticism. The following
is written by William Winter:
"As to Mr. Ibsen— who is the most colos
sal bore of the century, whose plays have
invariably failed, at least in this country,
and some of those writings ("Ghosts,"
for example, and "Little Eyolf") are so
unclean in subject that the reading of
them almost causes physical nausea—
when people begin to talk about him as
an artist, and to descant on his 'moral
Intentions,' there is nothing more to be
said."
" AMTJSEMENTSL
COMEDY THEATER.
(Formerly the Popular Bush.)
"SOUVENIR" ;C/
Matinee To-Day— and this Evening*
LAST TIMES . :
"THE CRUS'TOF SOCIETY"
STARTING TO-MORROW (MONDAY)
NIGHT,
EVERY EVENING.
. Only Matinees Saturday and Sunday. f* ;
Lincoln he HEART
CARTER'S HUnill
Great ...Ol =? ..»
si**.* CHICAGO!
Production! UlilUnUUl
— -■ - - Elegant Special Scenery. ' '
ivatdpii Wonderful Mechanical D«-.
ANOTHER vices.
Mysterious Electrical Ef-
BIG fectB
MIU A Vivid Plctur* oi th» Great
SUCCESS! Qjp-p The MarYolous
Odd Approaching Train I
Introducing a Splendid LIB* of
HIGH-CLASS SPECIALTIES I
DDirEC Evening— l6c, 25e, 85c and 60c '
I JtVILCj Matinee— 26c to all parts. Gallery Uo.
- : Seats— Comedy Theater and Emporium.
' SUNDAY, NOV. 6. AT 1:80 P. M.
_, ALL THIS SHOW AND MORE. -y.
A THRILLING TIGHT-ROPE WALK. _
rl 1000 Feet Long. SOO Feat High. I
D BALLOON ASCENSION AND PAR- D .
Y^CHUTE JUMP: EDUCATED COCK- **■
' ATOOS; BALANCING LADDER: P.-
L WRESTLING MATCH; AERIAL
L CLOWN; BIRD ' AERONAUT; CON-
CERT; CORNET SOLO. J^
IV Admission 10c, no further charge; Q
1 • • children under S years free. . Take Ban _/ j
Cw Mateo electric cars. Mission. Valen- T
cia and Butter street lines transfer. No %
j,f liquor* sold In Glen Park. 1
RACING! RACING! RACING!
ii> -.: /■ •
CALIFORNIA CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99. beginning SATURDAY.
■ October 29, to November 12, inclusive* :;
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
Racing Monday, Tuesday, . Wednesday, Thurs- •
day. Friday and Saturday. - Rain or Shin*.
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY.
" Races Start at 2:15 p. m.,- Sharp. ' ". .
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
I*:S0, 1, 1:30, 2, ' 2:30 and 3 p. m.. connecting
with trains stopping at the entrance to the
Track.- Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave th« Track at 4:ls
and 4:*s"p. m. and Immediately after last rac«.
i THOS. H. WILLIAMS JR.. President.
K. B. MILROY. Secretary. • -
SUTROMBATHS.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 8. AT 2:80 P. . M.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES,
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND. , :
ADMISSION. 10C....1. ........ CHILDREN. ], So
Open dally from 7 a. m. to 6 p. ra. . ■ ' , ■ :
"rosenthal.
METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, '
fiVENiNG dec. as & AlTfigN^gftl. J»Oj*S
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker again.
Wheat dull. Barley higher.
Oats very strong. «c
Com and Rye unchanged.
Borne change In Beans.
Stocks of Hay sufficient.
Mustard and Alfalfa Seed higher.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Butter weak and dull.
Eggs continue firm.
Poultry In good supply.
Game quiet and easy.
Fresh Fruit unchanged.
Dried Fruit still dull.
Provisions unchanged.
Meat market as before,
Bank clearin<;:> show a gain.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were J15.025,
111. against J17.012.098 for the same week, lagt
rear.
INTERNAL REVENUE.
Internal revenue- collections In this district In j
October were |25«,747, against $158,759 for the i
tame month last year, For the first ten months :
»f the year they were $2,470,632, against $2,219,
,07 for the tame time last year, and included
1766,83 i» for beer. $617,396 for spirits, JISS ; Sa7 for
obacco and |357,521 for stamps.
STOCKS OF HAY.
The San Francisco Hay Association haa com
piled a statement of Hay in store in public
warehouses and in private barns on November
i showing the visible supply, and covering the
lounties that send their Hay to San Francisco
' narkets. The figures have been furnished by
ihe warehouse men or other recognized au-
Jiorlties at the various points.
Tons., Tone.
Uvermora 1.575 McAvoys . oMj
Altamont UOjAntioch *00
Pleasanton 4,200, Bio Vista 2.7aU
gunol I,(WO| Stockton 4.000
Hay wards 3, l<wj Woodland 1.000
Decoto 1,350) Marys 3,500
Irvington SiO Willows 350 j
Warm Springs... 400 Cliico 3.1»»J
Hilpitas 1,500 Horncut It 100
San Lorenzo • 280 Suisun 1,000
Mount Eden 400]Benlcla 500
fUvta 1,2501 VaJlejo ■'•■»'
Mountain View.. 3.i'oO;Napa Valley 11,000
Redwood 600, Reclamation 1.150
Belmont 400;PetaIuma 5,000
Menlo 500 Santa Rosa 1,500
Hayfleld 1,100 Sonoma 1,000
Hoi-Kan Hill 300 Ryde 1.000
San Martin 425 Walnut Grove.... 1.000
Hollister ."... 3, 2o>ij Clarksburg 1,000
Ires Pinos I.ooo. San Joaquin Val-
Salinas 800 ley 2.000
San Pablo 650 San Francisco... 10.000
Pinole •• MM Cotati I.SOO
Martinez 800 F.I \>rano 450
Concord 3-"" 1 - Qridley 1.5'»
Pacheco 400 Marln County.... 800
Lafayette 1.000 Santa CruzCoun-
IValnut Creek.... 1,100 ty 3.000
Knights Landing 3,500|
Danville 2.0001 Total 103,660
EASTERN MARKETS.
BRADSTREET'S FINANCIAL, REVIEW.
NEW T'~>RK. Nov. 5.— Bradstreefs Flnan
dal Review siiys:
Irregularity and dullness have again pre
«alled in The market this week. In Its early
■art the tune of speculation w;is depressed in
yrapathy with the disturbed state of the for
dgn markets and the fears of an Eurup»an
rar. Later on a mure pacific aspect of affairs
jid an improvement in the London market hud
ts effect here and was the apparent cause uf
he rallying tendency in prices which ma
.ppearance on Thursday. Some attention BM
•ir own elections iu-xt Tue»
ay, though the principal influence which they
.ppear to exert la to keep tbe public out of the
treet for the time being. So lar as events on
his side are concerned, the developments of
he week have been favorable. Railroad earn
ogs continue to make a g.xx* Impression and
he declaration of dividends on American Cot
on Oil common an.i on Glucose Sugar oom
vn are tak>-n as evidence of the progress be
ag made by large industrial corporations.
The bond market has been comparatively
cflve. Throughout the week stocks have ap
erently found purchasers at
rhile sellers have been mostly traders and
heir offerings short stock. The undertone of
he market has been good and the ease of
aoney has contributed largely to the indis
osition of holders to part with their securities.
»n Thursday the market developed strength
n preferential purchasing, and this was more
renounced in the early trading on Friday,
hough In the late part of the day prices re
<-ted from the highest.
A few specialties furnished a large share of
! arket's dealings. Sugar, Tobacco and
he newly intruduced Federal Steel stocks were
S fact the most prominent objects of atten
lon, Su*ar has been manipulated between
13% and 116' i, and the extent of the short
aterest in it mad» it apparently easy to cause
allies on the story of a possible trade war
ettlement. In Tobacco the manipulation by a
t>w pool was apparent, and the formation of
he new auxliinry. the Continental T
'ompany, furnished a reason for the rls» t"
14 in the American Company's shares. Later
n they reacted to 138%, but rallied asrain to
W. Federal Steel stocks have been active and
pemed to gain speculative favor. The cam
ion rose to SZ'i and the preferred to 76 T 4. The
nly other interesting feature of the market
'as a bear movement against the coal stocks
Vireign interrsts sold the Pacific stocks, but
bat group showed a disposition to rally easy.
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK", Nov. 6.— R. G. Dun & Co.'s
feekly Review of Tratle says:
Not even the election has disturbed business
r industries on the financial side this week.
Jthough many are doubtless -waiting the votes
efore borrowing the volume Of business
hrough clearing-houses Is 8.5 per cent larger
nan last year, and 1.50 per cent larger
San In 1892. While political doubts may count
or much they can only have prevented a
rowth of business, -which might have been
inch more than has been realized. Failure
•turns for October are curiously puzzling, be
ause while the small failures compare re
larkably well with those of previous years,
nd those of $100,000 or more in about two
girds of the business classes, there were large
»ilures in a few branches, not generally due
, present business conditions, which made the
ggregate $14,000,000, but neither the Sawyer
'oolen failures nor, others, excepting, perhaps,
ome in machinery and boots and shoes and
tather, indicates difficulties beyond those of
ac particular concerns failing.
Neither the volume of business nor the value
I manufactured products diminishes. While
tessemer pig Is Bold against the combination
t Pittsburg 10c lower, with other iron there
nd elsewhere steady, the general demand
rowds closeiy on the heels of production. Bil
■ts and steel prices, owing to prospects regard
ig combinations, are a shade lower and prices
f steel rails have been withdrawn because of
(p^rts that promise a single corporation . to
andle all the rail production, 1,800,000 to 2,000,-
M) tona yearly, but plates are supported by
eavy railroad demands at Chicago and at
"hlladelphia for shipyards, the bar mills are
rowded at all Western works .with steel pre
trred to iron, In spite of the new structural
rders. are very satisfactory and pipe works
t Chicago are far behind on deliveries, while
neets there are strong. London has hoisted
v speculative prices of tin and copper, but
jey closed at 18.15 c and 12% c here, with lead
<aker at 3.65 c and tin plate practically ' un
nanged.
Wool holders at Boston have discovered the
llslty of reports which they have long be
eved about the available stocks In this coun
•>- and have begun spiling largely at conces
lons said to be "several cents" per pound,
■he week's sales at the three chief markets
'ore 10,797.000 pounds, against 9.957,902 pounds
ist year and 18,561,600 pounds in 18S6. but only
215,000 pounds in 1892. The cheering fact is
tat the large. manufacturers are now buying,
•ith confidence that at some reduction in the
&st of material the business will pay.
Wheat exports continue very large, amount
ig to 4,693,588 bushels from Atlantic ports
our Included, against 3,297,538 last year and
029.838 from Pacific ports, against 1,592.252 last
ear, but the heavy exports have been much
lore than matched by Western receipts 'of
430,092 bushels, against 7.600.993 last year and
rices have not changed materially.
Corn roes abroad largely. 3.011,085 bushels
tiring the week, against 1,812.944 bushels last
tar, and prices are well held.
Failures for the week have been 199 in the
! nited States,- against 276 last year, and 2S In
anada, against 30 last ■ year.
BRADSTREETS REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Nov. Bradstreefs to-day
ays: Further quieting down of new busl
efts In iron and steel, the relapse Into dull
ess, though at steady prices, of - wheat con
fcquent upon the withdrawal of the excited
»reign demand and, some slight Increase of
olet In general trade, chiefly. at the.South, as
result of the approach of the ' elections, are
li features calling for special mention this
■eek. Among the more actively favorable
»atur<?B are the price steadiness displayed by
lost staple articles and the enlarged distrl
ution of staple ■ goods at many Westren and
outhern markets as the result of Improved
leather and removals of quarantines. | Con
rmatory of the ; quite favorable reports as , to
uneral trade during October : are ■ the returns
[ bank ' clearings for that month, and scat
rred reports as to the Increased business do-
IK at many centers in that month :as com
ived with one year ago.' - Export statistics of
rain too, are beginning to show that an ample
mis for the stories for heavy ' foreign buy
ing really existed, exports this week being the
heaviest on record. , . . „_
New business in Iron and steel has been
lighter than for weeks past and some shading
of quotations, particularly steel, is reported.
Export trade, however, is large and Increasing,
and mills are still well supplied with orders.
Important negotiations touching future prices
of steel rails are now in progress, quotations
are entirely withdrawn, and some reports are
that an Important consolidation, or at least
control of prices and output has been practi
cally agreed upon. "Wheat has been duller, put
steady on uncertainty as to possible foreign
political complications. oiiFettlns a heavy gain
In movement from producers. The current de
mand and output of flour has continued to
eoual and even exceed all previous records. An
encouraging feature is the continued active de
mand for domestic wools, largely at Boston,
and much of it at price concessions, with rather
more reported doing in cheap makes of wor
steds. Cotton has made another new low rec
ord on heavy crop movements, touching 5c for
November delivery at New York, but Improved
demand for export with the working of the
new print cloth restriction, have tended to firm
ness for the manufactured product.
Wheat. including flour, shipments for the
week aggregate 6.773,643 bushels, against 5.560,
991 bushels last week, 5.590,498 bushels in the
corresponding week of 1597. 3.472.976 bushels in
1596 2 566.567 in 1595 and 2.033.323 bushels In
1894. Since July 1 this year, the exports of
wheat aggregate 73.545,523 bushels against 83,
$74,092 bushels last year.
Business failures In the United States this
w- *■ number IS3 against 219 last week, 223 in
this week a year ago and in 1896, 260 in 1895,
and 241 in 1R94.
Business failures in the Dominion of Can
ada for the week number SI against 23 last
week. 34 in this week a year ago, 50 in 1896,
*9 <- 1895 and 40 in 1894.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN NEW YORK.
NKW YORK. Nov. s.— The Journal of Com
mence under date of November 4 says: Owing
to the slow deliveries of new crop California
raisins receivers find It difficult to make deliv
eries on order* taken some time ago, but they
and transportation people are said to be dotng
all they can to get goods to their destination
at the earliest possible moment. Current or
ders for loose are small, and we hear of noth
ing doing f"r forward delivery from the coast.
California London layers and clusters are in
demand, though the small supply restricts busi
ness. There continues an active demand for
seeded California raisins, and seeders are said
t" be far behind In their deliveries. The mar
lot is very linn. California Sultana and seed
less Muscats are in small compass and under
fair consuming demand, and prices have an
upward tendency. Valencia raisins are scarce
and firm, though we do not hear of much de
mand.
California prunes are unchanged. Large sizes
are in most demand but difficult to obtain.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
; Sterling Exchange, 60 days — J4 8314
Storing Exchange, sight — 457
i Sterling Cables — 4 Ss
New York Exchange, sight — i~v 2
; New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — jju
Mexican Dollars — 47^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market was dull and weak,
with a shrinkage in futures.
Spot Wheat— Shipping. $1 20®l 21&; milling,
$1 M«i®l 26 V
CALL BOARD SALES.
informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
4000 ctls, Jl 20%; 40.000. $1 21. May— $1 25.
Second session— May— 36.ooo ctls. $1 25; 4000
Jl 25%; 4000, $1 26%. December— 4ooo, Jl 21%;
6000. Jl 21-^s 12.000. $1 21%,
Regular morning session— December— 14,000
Ctlß, Jl 21%; SOOO, $1 21%. May— 4ooo, $1 25%;
S0"0. Jl 25%; 2000, $1 25%.
BARLEY The market continues to advance,
and Is stiff with a fair demand.
Feed. Jl 26y*@l 28%;. brewing, jl 35@1 40 per
etl.
CALL. BOARD SALES.
Informal session^ :1£ o'clock — No sales.
Second session No sales.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls
$1 30V4; 4000, 51 SOU: 2000. $1 SO.
OATS— The market Is stiff at the advance.'
though the higher prices tend to restrict trade.
fancy Feed, si 27Vs!gl 30 per etl; good to
choice, Jl 22%®1 25; common. $1 ITHi'gl 20; Sur
prise, $1 35'al 42%; ' Gray, $1 20<&l 22%; milling.
$1 - ■'■'■' 1 30 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 50 Black, $1 60
@1 75.
CORN— . -
Small rouna yellow. $1 15; Eastern large yel
low, $1 02Vi@l 05; white, $1 06; mixed, $1©
1024 per etl; California White, $1 05<81 07%.
California. $1 20&1 22V4; Eastern, $117%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is quoted at $1 75
per etl. ■ i.--
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers'
extras, $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lt>s; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour. $7; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal. $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25<&3 50; Buckwheat
Flour, $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat. $3 75; Farina,
?4 B0; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 85£6 25: tn sacks. $o 65@6 05- Pearl
Barley. $0; Split Paas, $4 25; Green Peas. $4 50
per 100 It>s.
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
As will be seen in another column the annual
estimate of the Hay Association gives the
stock on hand November 1 at 103,000 tons,
which Is about the normal for this time of the
year. Last year at this time it was about 80,
000 tons. The market is dull. In spite of greatly
reduced receipts and prices show no change
Feedstuff* stand the same.
BRAN— sls@l6 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS 1194*20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Rolled Barley, $27 per ton-
Oilcake Mral at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bing. J32@32 60; CocoaiXUt Cake. $24!y)20; Cotton
seed Meal, $2!Cj?3O per ton; Cornmeal, 123 'Mil
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24-325.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16@18 £0 for
good to choice and $14g'15 50 for lower grades
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat, $15@17 50 :
Oat. $14@15 50; Island Barley, $12 50@13 50- Al
falfa, $10/ jill; Stock, $U@U2; Clover, nominal
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
Timothy. $13 per ton.
STRAW— per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Mustard and Alfalfa Seed are quoted higher.
Reans show additional changes. Pinks are
steady. Pea are higher.
BEANS— Bay os, $1 90@2; Small Whites,
$2 lU&2 15: Larce Whites, $1 60(r{,l 75; Pinks,
tl 90<tf2 10; Reds, $3 26; Blackeye, $3 4&g'3 50;
Butters, nominal; Limas, $3 25@3 35; Pea, $2 10
@2 20; Red Kidneys. $2 25@2 40 per ctL
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $4 50 per ctl; Yel
low Mustard, $4 25; Flax. $2ig2 10; Canary
Seed, 2\i!&2«4c per Ib; Alfalfa. 7a7'sc; Rape,
ZWzl-2\c; Hemp, 2V 4 @3c; Timothy, s@stfc.
DRIED PEAS— $1 25@1 40; Green, $150
s*l 75 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
All markets under this head continue slug
gish at about th* same prices.
POTATOES— 3O@4Oc for Early Rose and 30@
45c for River Bur banks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
@$1 15; Oregon. 65c&$l; Sweet Potatoes, ' 50@
65c for nearby and «l 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— ZoiHuc per ctl; Pickle Unions. 35@
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Peas, 2%@3c; String
Beans. lV4@3c; Lima Beans, 50c@$l per sack;
Bay Squash, 40c; Green Peppers, 35@50c;
Cabbage. 40@"50c; Tomatoes. 35<g.60c: Garlic,
3c per lb; Green Okra, 2.'<(j6oc per box; Dried
Okra, 10c per Hi; Kstr Plant, 25@500 per box;
Marrowfat Squash, $10 per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12<- per Id in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16@18c;. granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, .. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
There was still some Eastern left on hand
at the close and more will be put in to-morrow.
Game !s easy, but prices show little change.
POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, Mo3to; live
Turkeys, \i<UV>c for Gobblers and ]4fc'lsc for
liens; tieetie. p»?r pair. $1 25(gl 50; Ooalinn, $1 25
Ijl 50: Ducks, $4@5 for old and $4<?i6 for
young: Hens. $4 50g5 50" Roosters, young, $4 50®
.'. 50; Roosters, old, $4i@4 50; Fryers, $4; Kroilers,
$3 50 for large, $3 for small; Pigeons, $1
per dozen for old and $1 50@l 75 for squabs.
GAME—
Quail, *1 Bo®l 7.'; Mallard, »4 50^5; Canvaa
back. $5®7; Bprtg, J3Tj3 50; Ta»l, $2 50; Widgeon,
JZ-/2 50; Bmßll Lnjrk, $2; English Snipe, $1 50;
Jack Snipe. $1; Gray Geese, $3: White Geese, $1
01 X; Brant, fl SS#l 7. r ,; Honkers. $4 50; Hare,
$1; Rabbits, $1 25'ijpl 50 for Cottontails and $1
for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
,Some dealers are quoting 4le for fine Eggs, ■
but they are the exception, not the rule. Com
mon Eggs go slowly.
. Butter continues demoralized and the. demand
is very poor. '', ■-£..
MUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, 21@22c; sec
onds. IS&2OC. , . ■ . •■• ■. . . ,
, Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
grades, 15®17V4c ■• is- .-
Pickled Goods— Firkin, l»@20c; pickled roll,
19<g"21c: creamery tub. nominal.
Eastern ; Butter— Ladle packed, . 16@16H0 , per
lb. Elgin. 22«22'.4c. . ; ,■-:- .
< CHEESE— mild new. 10@Ue; old, BVi@
9V4c: Cream Cheddar, lOQllc; Young America,
lO^iffllV; Eastern, *'.l2#l3c.
• EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 3;>^4oc per dozen; me
dium. Eggs. 30@34c; Eastern, 15@20c for ordi
nary and 23<325c for fancy. ■ .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There is little new to report. Supplies of all
kinds are ample for the demand. Citrus Fruits
ara weak. Win* Grapes are in light
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1893.
and poor, being soft and moldy. Melons are
neglected and nominal.
Strawberries, $2<tj3 per chest .for large and
for small.
Cantaloupes. 25@750 per crate; Nutmegs,
264550 c per box.
Huckleberries, 5@60 per Ib.
Quinces. 75c@tl per box.
Persimmons, 40c In single and 65®750 per box
In double layers.
Pomegranates, 50<JT75c per small box.
Cranberries, *7 50*58 per barrel for Eastern
and 12 25 per box for Coos Bayy
Ordinary Grapes, 25@5f>c per 6ox; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Wine Grapes, $20<jJ
25 per ton for Zlnfandel and $15@20 for com
mon kinds.
Raspberries. U<So par chest.
Apples, 35<$?60c for common, 7!j@Bse per box
for No. 1 and tWi 25 for choice.
Peare, 50c(Jjtl 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUITS — Oranges, $I@3 per
box; Lemons. $lig'2 for common and $2 f>o@
3 50 for good to choice; Mexican Limes, H®
4 GO; California Limes, 50c(u$l per small box:
Bananas. $1 60@2 per bunch; Pineapples, 43@5
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
Mail advices from New York say of Prunes:
"Prunes are steady, but no change in quota
tions is noted. The crop shortage creates some
discussion, but the effeot on the future is
uncertain. Well informed men th'nk there
will be little trouble In securing what supplies
are wanted, except in large sizes, which are
unobtainable at any price. Oregon will send
out about 14.000,000 pounds this season, ac
cording to late reports, most of which will be
shipped East. Small sizes predominate. Al
most no shipments have come from France,
though It was said that some effort would be
made by French growers to capture a portion
of the Eastern market, prices are too high
in France and too uncertain here to war
rant such a move."
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. 6>4<g:7c for 40-50" a,
s(&s^c for 50-GO's. 3\<g4c for 60-70' a. 3*£@3Hc for
70-80's, 2%@3c for s>o-SO - s, 2f2<4a for 90-100's
and l%c for 100-Uo's; Silver Prunes. 2\?<Qsc;
Peaches, 6@7*£c for good to choice, ihOfSc for
fancy and 104f12V4c for peeled; Apricots, 10®
12c for Royals and 12a 124 c for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, 7Vlv7Vfec; sun dried, 4®
4>*c; Black Figs, sacks, 2<jf2'4c; Plums, 4hi&
6c for pitted and l©lfec for unpltted; Nec
tarines, 6*570 for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and S@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3»4c for two-crown. 4>4c for three
crowi'. o^c for four-orown, fifg^^c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes. 2@2^jC.
NUTS— Chestnuts. SfflOc per lb; Walnuts, 6@
7c for hardshell. £if?9c for softshell; Almonds, 5
©6c for hardshell. 13c for softabell, 13^14c for
paper-shell; Peanuts, 4Si!iVic for Hasten and
4V»c for California; Cocoanuts, $4 "> n 'js.
'HONEY— Comb. 10911 c for bright and B©9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^i©
7c: light amber extracted, 6c; dark, s@sVsc
per lb
BEESWAX— 24(J?26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
The market for everything under this head
Is slow and prices show no change whatever.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 7%c per lb for
hfavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, 10% c
for extra light and 12'512%c for sugar cured;
Eastern Sugar-cured Hams, 10c; California,
Hams, 9@-9%c; Mess Beef. $10@10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $U<Sll 50; Family -Beef, $12®
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $IS<O
IS 50; mess, $15 50®16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 5% per lb
for compound and 6Al<?j7c for pure; palls, 7%c;
California tierces. 4si©sc4 s i©sc per lb for compound
and 6c for pure; half barrels, 6V4c; 10-lb tins,
7V 4 c: 5-lb tins, 7M>c.
COTTOLENE — Tierces. 5%'SC%c; packages
less tban 300 lbs— l-lb palls. 60 in a case. 9\c:
3-lb pails. 20 in a case. «He; 5-Ib palls. 12 In a
case. S'-io: 10-lb pails. 6 in a case, S%c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7 7 <iC: wooden buckets, 20
lbs net, B%c: fancy tubs. 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs. 7«4c
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is a fair Inquiry for Hops at the quo
tations. " Hides are easy and quiet. There Is
nothing new In Wool.
HIDES AND SKINS — Culls and brajids sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, 8c; Cow
hides, SlgS^c: Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 8c; Calf,
Sc; dry tildes, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
U@l3c; dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry calf, ITc;
Sheepskins, shearlings, ir>©'2sc each; short wool,
each; medium, 60£iS'X-; long wool, We@
$1 10 each; Horse Hides, salt, Jl 70@2 for large
and Jligl 50 for small; Colts. SDJjoOc; Hora*
Hides, dry, $1 So@l 75 for large and »l for
small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3Vi®3 ] ie per It);
No. 2, Z'-i'SZ\c: refined. 4%s4\c; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— IBBS clip. Southern Mountain, 7@loc:
free Northern, &@l2c. Spring clip— Southern
Mountain, 12 months', 9© lie; San .Toaquln and
Southern, 7 months', SiSlOc; Foothill and
Northern, free, 12@14c; Foothill and Northern,
defective, lPfil2c; Middle County. 13Tilt;o: Hum
boldt and Mendoclno, 14016 c; Nevada. 10@14c;
Eastern Oregon, 104r12c; Valley Oregon, 15®17c.
HOPS— IB9S crop, 12@15c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Previous prices rule. Supplies of all descrip
tions are ample for current needs and the de
mand about balances the supply.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
— First quality, 6Vic; choice. 7c; second
quality, SHfSCc; third quality, 4@6c.
VEAL— Large, sH@6Vfec; small, 6%©7% c
per tb.
MUTTON— 7@7%c; Ewes, 6%@7c
per It): i . ■>.-■':
LAMB— 7>4@Bc per It).
PORK— Live Hogs. 3V»iJ?3*io for large. 4@4»4c
for medium and 3%®3'4c for small; stock Hogs.
2@3c; dressed Hogs. ;v»-@6%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAttS — Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4T<iT) ! >o: Wool Bags, 26<325c: San
Quentin Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, lc, 5%c and
n«4c for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for
brown.
COAL— Wellington. $S per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seattle,
$6; Bryant. $6; Coos Bay. $5; Wall.send, $7 50;
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, $10 In bulk and $U 25
in sack*; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14,
Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
Gate. $7 60; Coke, $S per ton In bulk and $14
In sacks.
St'GAß— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine (/rushed, C%c; Powdered, fiHc; Candy
Granulated 565 6 i s c; Dry Granulated, "> l sc; Confec
tioners' A. 5M.-C; California A. u^c; Magnollu A.
5V»c: Extra C, sc; Golden C, 4%c; half-barrels,
\c more than barrels, and boxes Me more. No
order taken for less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent.
CANNED GOODS— Shipment of 17,046 cases
Fruit and 46, .'07 cases Salmon to London.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, November 5.
Flour, qr sks ... 9,074 I Hops, bales 356
Wheat, ctls 2,540|W001, bales 42
Barley, ctls 1,1801 Eggs, doz fi.270
Corn, ctls SOO^'eHs, bdls 4-i'J
Butter, ctls 12411 Ides, no 516
Cheese, ctls 35 Quicksilver, flak. 141
Beans, sks 3.39."i! Leather, rolls ... 12S
Potatoes, sks ... 4,49:;'Llme. bbls 61
Onions, sks K95 \ Lumber, ft 25,000
Middlings, sks .. 230 Wine, gals 108.200
Hay. tons lOSjSugar. sks ! ''
Straw, tons 70 : Raisins, bxs ViO
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... X, 63b j Potatoes, sks ... 1039
Wheat, ctls Z.43C 1 Middlings, sks .. 1.17*
Farley, ctls 1,440 Bran, sks 3,20"
Oats, ctls 220 Rye, ctls 425
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,896! 0at5, ctls 1,800
Wheat, ctls 10.400 Middlings, sks .. 100
Barley, ctls 4,000
For Additional Commercial and
Shipping See Page 14.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks closed the week very firm at
a general advance. ' Consolidated California
and Virginia touched $1 40. Ophlr 79 cents,"
Sierra Nevada 88 cents and the other stocks
were firm In proportion. The gain In these
shares during the week was the most pro
nounced for some time.
. The Belcher assessment falls delinquent in
board to-morrow. '-)■) ■ '
Local. securities were active. Hawaiian Com
mercial advanced to $54 25 and Giant Powder
to $57 U&
The Argonaut mine at Jackson, Amador
County, paid a dividend of $20,000 on October
26. This Is the ninth dividend.
Th* Boston and Montana Mining Company
will pay a dividend of $760,000 on the 21nt. mak
ing $1,900,000 this year and $9,125,000 from the
start.
The Moon Anchor mine of Colorado paid a
I dividend of $45,000 on the Ist. making $150,000
i this year and $251,000 to date.
The Republic mine of Washington will pay
a dividend of $30,000 on the loth.
Sales on the Bonl Exchange in October were
$274,720 in bonds, against $292,000 in October,
18S7. For the first ten months of the year they
were $3,133,420 in bonds, against $2,931,900 for
the same time last year. The sales of stocks
In October were 52,018 shares, against 21.224 in
October. 18U7, and for the first ten months of
the year 414,359 shares, against 242,653 In 1897.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY. Nov. 5—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask
U S Bonds— SF Q & E.... 85 85^4
4b quar c0up.. 112 112V4 San Fran 3 B>4
4s uar reg...11l 111% Stockton Gas.. 13 —
4s quar new. . .128^127^ Insurance—
3s quar coup.. 104^104% FlrenVs Fund.2O9H —
Miscellaneous Water Stocks—
Cal-st Cab 55.. 116 117 Contra Costa.. 53^ —
Cal El 6s 125 — IMarln Co 50 —
C C Wat 58...100>4— ISpring Valley. loo%loo%
Dup-st ex c... t- 98H BanK Stocks—
E L & P 65. .130 — Anglo-Cal .... S3 64V4
F&CI Ry 6s. 114 — Bank of Ca1.. 249 250
Geary-st R Cs. — 100 Cal SD & T.. — 100
HC & S JVis. — 110 First Nationl.2lo L"2O
LAI, Co 65.. — 100 Lon P & A....131'a —
Do gntd 6b.. 99 100V4 Mer ICxchange — 18
Market-st 65..128^ — Nev Nat 8...166 —
Do Ist M os. U4KII&K Savings Banks—
N C NGRy 7s. 108 — Ger S & L..1600 1630
N Ry Cal 65.. 113 114 lHum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 55.. 104% — Mutual Say. 35 *o
N P C R R 65. 103 - S F Say U.. 495 —
NPC R R 58.i00%101 3& L 50.... — »8
N gal R R ss. - _ Security S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55....108V4103% Union T C 0.1060. 1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126%— Street Railroads—
P&CI Rv 6s. — 107 California ....10? —
P & O 6s 112 — Geary * —
Powell-st 65...— 123 Market-st 53% —
Sac El Ry ss. 100 — Presidio 9 1°
S F & N P t.s.UOVI0 7 is Powder—
SlerraßCal 68.104H105V.6 8 .104H105V. California ....125 145
S Pof Ar 65.. 108 — E Dynamite... 86 95
S P Cal 65. ...mv— Giant Lon Co. 57U 57V4
SPC Is eg ss..iom— Vlgorlt 2% 3
S PBr 6s 115%1i6«, Miscellaneous—
S V Water 6s.Hß**ll9Vi Al Pac Assn.. 103^103%
S V Water 45.102>* — Ger Ld Wks..lfio —
S V W4s(3dm).loiH — Hana P C 0.... 17% 18
Stktn Gas 65.. 100 — H C & S Co.. 64 —
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 63% 64
Cent Gaelight.lo6 — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... gfc _ oceanic S Co. 60% 60^4
Mutual El Co. S 10* Pac A F A... IV4 —
Oakland Ga«.. 52% — pp a c C Bor Co. 105 10S
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 — par Paint Co. 7 »
Pao L Co i$ —
Morning Session.
40 Alaska Packers' Association 103 75 "
16 Fireman's Fund Insurance. .......210 00
10 Giant Powder Con .V.... ........ 57 00
110 do do 67 12%
25 do do ' a 3  57 00
20 S F Gas & Electric C 0..:... 85 25
140 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar...... 54 00
120 do do 64 12%
25 do do 54 25
86 HutchfnsGn S P Co 63 50
5 do do 63 62%
I 255 Han a Plantation ■Co 17 87%
i 50 do do b 10... 17 87%
151 Spring Valley Water 100 50
Street—
$10,000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds: 104 25
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning . Session.
10 Market-street Railway 54 00
15 do do 54 12%
IB do do ..' 54 25
100 Hana Plantation Co ......: 18 00
40 Giant Powder Con 57 00
15 8 F Gas & Electric Co 85 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the- San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: .
■- , Morning Session.
300 Andes .........:. 11 1000 Mexican .......' 25
500 Belcher 13 ' 100 Occidental 48
600 14 100Oph(r 77
600 Best & Belcher. 31500 78
100 32 900 79
100 Challenge 20 . 700 Potosi 17
400Chollar 1C 700 Savage 27
500 ....... ...17 300 Sierra Nevada..., 87
800 Con Cal & Va...l 40 ; 400 S3
300..... 1 351300 Union Con 27
400 Crown Point ... 14 500 Utah 07
200 Gould & Curry.. 26 1100 Yellow Jacket.. 23
300 Hale & Norcrs.l 10 500 25
100 Justice 06
Following were the sales In the Pacific StocK
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Alta 06 >00 Justice '05
700 Belcher 14 800 Mexican. 24
900' Best A Belcher. 31 »0 Ophlr 74
300 30 1100 75
! 700 32 »00 77
j 500 33 700.. „ 76
I 900 Bullion 07 200 78
400 Challenge Con.. 20 300 Potosi 10 j
I 200Chollar 15 NO 19
300 lb ?00 20
400- 17 «no Savage 26
i 200 Con Cal & Va.l 20 GOO 27
1400. 12." 150 Sierra Nevada... «4
; 300 ....1 27% 300 85
300 130 900 87
! 900 1 35 200 88
: 1100 140 1 50 Standard ISO
j 400 1 37% 500 Union Con 2S
I 50 Confidence 65 700 29
i 900 Gould & Curry.. 24 500 _.. 30
800 25 -,00 27
200 :'. 26 iiRO Yellow Jacket.. 25
100 Hale & Norcnr.l 00. .4-/- ,-
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATI'KDAT, Nov. 5—12 m.
Bid. Ask Hale & Norcrs.l 05 1 10
Bid. Ask. Julia 01 0i
Alpha 03 04 Justice Of. 06
Alta 05 u7 Kentuck 03 04
Andes 10 11 I-,ady Wash — 02
Belcher 15 16 Mexican 26 27
Benton Con ... — 07 Occidental 47 —
&e*t & Belcher 32 34 Ophlr 77 78
Bullion 07 PS, Overman 04 05
Caledonia 29 — Potori lv- 2"
Chollar IS 19. Savage 27 X
Challenge Con. 19 20 Scorpion 04 —
Confidence 60 62 ?eg Belcher ... 04 05
Con Cal & Va.l 30 1 J5 1 Sierra Nevada. 86 87
Con Imperial .. — 01 Silver Hill .... — 06
Crown Point .. 14 15 Syndicate 03 —
Con New York. — 01 Standard ISO —
Eureka Con ... — 35:1 nlon <on 2S< 30
Exchequer 01 OM'tah no W
Gould & Curry. 25 2S Yellow Jacket. 22 23
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks durtng the week:
Name of Stock.
I M. | T. I W. | T. i F. 1 8.
Alpha
Alta ...
Andes'.
Belcher '.—. —
Best & Belcher
Caledonia
Challenge i
Chollar
Con. Cal. & Va
03 03! 04 041 04 04
05 05 05 06 .... 06
10 09 1 11 11 10 11
14 12 13 14 12 16
24 25 2$ 30 26 33
28 2; 26 27 25 2»
161 151 14 17 16 20
12 111 13 14! 14 IS
93 S-ij 1101301 20 140
50 50 50! 56 50 61
11 09 11 12 12 IS
23 i 23 23 25 20 26
96 100 9811 00 1001 10
06 On C 5 061 Or. : 06
21 .20 221 23 22 26
62 65 6$ 73 67 79
05 03 04 03 03 04
41 41 50 46 4$ 4S
IS 15 16 15 15 20
09 1 19 20 21 22 2s>
75 1 75 II 60 1 80 1 $0 1 80
76; 76 80 821 77 88
25 23 25 27 24 30
06 07 06 07 061 07
23; 19 21 -1 i'<- 23
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
Ophlr
Overman ..]
Occidental
Pot
Havana ..
Standard
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
NEWS OF
THE MINES
Immediately after election Secretary
Sonntag of the California Miners' Asso
ciation will begin urging an espe
cially active Interest throughout the
State in the coming annual conven
tion which will convene In Native
Sons' Hall, San Francisco, on Mon
day, the 21st inst. Notices are being
sent out and full delegations are espe
cially wanted. There is much in the way
of legislation needed by the mining in
dustry, and the California Miners' Asso
ciation will exert a good deal of influence
over Congressional action at the coming
session.
"If we work in conjunction with other
mining States there is no question but we
will secure a Secretary of Mines and Min
ing in the Cabinet," writes Mr. Sonntag.
"It is no*w time that the county organiz
ations be called together for the election
of delegates and plans made for an im
portant session."
The following little story of a prospect
or and his luck is told by the Tuolumne
Independent: "You have all seen the
typical prospector and wanderer, the man
of uncouth appearance— overalls tucked
in a pair of heavy-soled boots, blue jump
er and slouch hat none too small. You
have also noted his heavily packed burro,
carrying blankets, pick, shovel, pan,
cooking utensils, with a small sack of
red beans, bacon and flour snugged safely
in a corner of the pack bags for his daily
menu.
"Such a man is John Li. Buckley. And
in conjunction we would say, besides be
ing a natural-born prospector, pure and
simple, he is a freak of nature. It is
John L.'s most innate desire to ostracize
himself from all civilization where never
man had trod before. Thus his wander
ing stops led him into the Big Oak Flat
district, where he happened on a large
blue slate belt running through that
country. In the early fifties this particu
lar property had been gophered in all
conceivable shapes and manners in (|uest
of gold, but never did the idea once enter
the mind of the miner to prospect the
slate. There is no quartz in sight — only a
blue slate vein twelve feet in width — and
gold. yes. Mr. Buckley found it. Num
erous cans filled with the slate show a
goodly quantity of the yellow stuff. It is
well to look to your slates."
One of the largest tunnels jn the county
Is now in progress at the Atlas mine on
Jackass Hill. A force of eighteen men are
employed in the construction of this tun
nel, which will be 2doo feet In length when
completed. The mouth is in Soldiers
Gulch, on the road leading to Robinsons
Ferry, and is run across the formation to
intersect the vein on the Atlas property.
The mine is a milling proposition, being
on the mother lode, and wns sold a short
time since by Terrence McArdle to a
Scotch company. — Tuolumne Independ
ent.
The Jumper Company Ip eking out Its
water supply by pumping back the water
after It passes through the mill and us
ing it again and again. By this means it is
hoped to keep the mill running steadily
In the future.— Jamestown Magnet.
During the period of quiet all of the
old mines have been thoroughly over
hauled at every point, and with resump
tion will be greater ore yielders than
ever before, many having also Increased
their reduction capacity; mining men
have had time to investigate other prop
erties, with the consequence that a num
ber of good claims are being rapidly
equlpped and will have stamps dropping
In the near future, while new hoists are
bobbing up in every direction. It Is very
easy therefore to see that Tulolumne's
production of gold in the year to come
will be heavier than during any like pe
riod of time since quartz mining became
an industry.— Sonora Democrat.
Water was turned Into the recon
structed ditch and flume from the Beak
Valley reservoir on Saturday. The Utica
works are rapidly assuming a busy as
pect, and as soon as the rains commence
everything will be running as of old.
The work of retimbering the shaft is go
ing on ranidly.— Calaveras Citizen.
The Ford Mining Company has decided
to erect at once a ten-stamp mill on its
property near San Andreas, Calaveras
County.
A prospecting tunnel over 2000 feet in
length, to develop water and gold placer
ground in Mazourka Canyon has been,
run by three or four local miners, with
no other canital than grub, mining tools
and energy. It Is in all the pluckiest
work that has ever been done In this
county, and from last reports the indi
cations are that the men will be reward
ed with fortunes.— lnyo Independent.
The Democratic .Banner of Sonora re
cords the following news of the progress
along that part of the mother lode:
"A large vein has recently been discov
ered at the Saxita Ysabel which is very
rich.
"A shaft 1000 feet in depth is about to be
sunk at the Maryatt-Gagnere, near Tut
tletown.
"Burlelgh drills have been put to work
in the Hazel Dell mine, near Soulsbyville.
Work in the tunnel to tap the group has
commenced.
"Forty thousand feet of lumber has
been enkaged for the Buchanan mine. It
is to tie used in reconstructing the old i
mill. A number of other improvements 1
of less importance are also to be made
in the near future.
"A hoist and pump are about to be
placed in position at the Mullen mine on
the Murphy ranch. They are to be oper
ated by a powerful steam engine. The
ledge is an immensely large one, and
many persons are of the opinion that it is
the famous Black Oak vein."
The continued operation of the Marshall
gravel mine, formerly known as the Union
League mine, is now a settled fact, 'i'ne
three Eastern speculators who visited San
Andreas last week at the instance of J. F.
Clapp have determined to prosecute the
work laid out and started by its present
managers. — Calaveras Citizen.
W. F. Detert, the owner of the Hoffman
Field tract, will probably begin develop
ment within the next year. It is probable
that two shafts will be put down simul
taneously on this property. Mining men
class it among the best undeveloped min
ing properties along the mother lode.
Should this property turn out as antici
pated, Jackson will become the foremost
mining camp in the State, and no doubt
attain a population of double its present
number.— Amador Republican.
The Gwin mine, though a little short of
water, is running day ami night, employ
ing sixty-five men all told. The hoist is
running by steam and will continue so
until water is more plentiful. The rock
has improved in value, and an additional
forty stamps is contemplated.— Calaveras
Citizen.
Yesterday the South Yuba Company
found it necessary to notify Superintend
ent McKinlay of the Providence mine at
this city that after Monday next and until
there is a good storm he can have only
enough water from the ditch to keep the
pumps going. The Champion mine can,
it is thought, be kept going with water
from the Excelsior ditch.— Nevada City
Transcript.
This is the busiest camp in the county
ami not one idle man can be found. Many
outsiders have come in lately and found
work at top wages.— Alleghany Corre
spondent Downieville Enterprise.
The receipts of quicksilver in San Fran-
CJsco the nrst eight months of the year
were lf>.S»3f> flasks, against 10.760 the same
time in 1897. The exports by sea during
this period were 42.77 flasks valued at $154,
956. against 3368 flasks valued at $120,619 in
1897.
The. current number of the Mining and
Scientific Press is the two-thousandth is
sue of that old journal. Its bulky volumes,
extending over nearly forty years, afford
an interesting record of the development
of the gold mining industry and especially
of the evolution of its process, s.
A rich strike was made in the Philadel
phia mine on Washington Hill, near
French Gulch, last Saturday. The prop
erty is owned by Walter Van Matre, Ed
King and Charles Fox.— Redding Search
light.
The Brown Bear Mining Company at
Dradwnod is making .thorough prepara
tions for the construction of the new tun
nel to tap the ore 1 ody at a great depth.
The running of a mile of tunnel is a big
undertaking, and to insure rapid progrlss
the company Is putting In a fine air-com
pressor plant for the operation of Bur
lelgh drills.— Redding Free Press.
The mining property at Quartz Valley
belonging- to K. H. Campbell has been
sold to A. C. Brokaw and A. F. McClaine,
both of Tacoma, Wash. The sale em
braces 2500 acres of placer ground, to
gether with all ditches and water rights
connected therewith. The purchase price
is said to be $50,000.— Redding Searchlight.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
Mlneola iTacoma Nov. 6
Chilkat Bumboldt Nov. 6
■Wellington I Departure Bay [Nov. 6
Homer [Newport jNov. 7
StateCaliforniajPortland . .Nov. 7
Proarreao Seattle [Nov. 1
Waahtenaw — [Tacoma [Nov. 8
1 Belglc 'China & Japan INov. S
Panama iNov. 8
Arcata Cooa May i.V>v. 5
Walla '.Valla... \i(tria & Puget Sound Nov. 8
North Fork .Humboldt Nov. 8
Pomona jHutnboldt Nov. 8
Curacao [Mexico [Nov. 9
Cleveland Tacom* |Nov. 9
Australia li noiulu ,Nov. a
Santa Rosa San Diego ;Nov. 9
Hen. W. Elder.. (Portland .Nov. 10
Siam jNnnalmrj [Nov. 10
Samoa HumbolJt (Nov. 10
Coo« May Newport {Nov. 11
Empire Coos Bay [Nov.tl
Del Norte Crescent City [Nov. 12
Columbia IPortlnnd INov. 13
Corona San Diego Nov. 13
tTmattlla Victoria .*;• Puget Sound ' Nov. 13
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I Destination. Sails. I Pier.
C. Nelson. ..|PuKet Sound.. Nov. 6, B am[Pler 8
Columbia ..iPortlund Nov. 6, 10 ami Pier 24
Queen j Vie & Put Scl. Nov. 7. 10 aniiPier 8
Corona ;San Diejro ,Nov. 7. 1! am, Pier 11
Chllkat [Humboldt Nov. 7, 2 pm.Pler 33
Arapulco ..iPanama Nov. is. 12 mPMSo
State of Call Portland Nov. 9, 10 am Pier 24
Orizaba 'Newport. Nov. 9. 9 amjPier 11
City at Hlo .rhmn.v JapaniNov. 10, 1 pmiPMSS
Arcata [Coo* Hay [Nov.lO, 10 ani'Pier 13
Pomona Humboldt Nov.lO. 2 pmiPier 9
Santa RosajSan Diego Nov. 11. 11 am f\pr 11
G. \V. Elder l'.rtlan.l Nov. 13, lOamiPier 24
Walla Wall Vlfl & I'gt EM. NOV. 12, 10 am, Pier 9
Cleveland ..(Pqget Boußd..[Nov. II
Coog Hay ...■Newport Nov .13. 9 ampler 11
Steamer.
Destination.
NOTICE TO MAELNEHS.
A branch of the United StatPS Hydrographlc
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without -">gard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, la hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon. 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each flay from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare liOr.nd, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error. If any, is published
In the morning papers the following day.
CHAS. P. AVELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. S. N.. In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 6.
Bun rises 6:43
Sun sets 5:05
Moon rises 11:GS p. m.
I
6:19
6:48
, w
0:13
11:31
12:36
3.
2.
4:19
s:"m
3.!
3.1
I 11=18)
i .1.2.
)H W
i 7:16
8:24
.9:22
10:1!)
11:15,
•».■:•<
1:38
2:19
3:00
i l.i
' I.'
i : - 2.1
i 2.;
•. 2.i
I — -
i :
8:
9::
4.8 1:27
4.!* 2:11
5.1 *:48
5.4| 3:23
1.7 4:13
2.'
Id
l.:
o.i
o.;
3.5
3.8
3.9
3.9
4.0
NOTE — In the above exposition of th» tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order" of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand col"umn gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
threv tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and thpn the number given 1b subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. 8. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., No
vember 5, 1898.
The time ball did not drop November 5 on
account of signals being Irregular.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired) U. S. N., in charge.
jagrpwyo intelligence.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. November B.
Stmr Jeanette, Ellis, 16 days from Fox Is
land.
Whai stmr V>m Baylies, Devell, 15 days from
Fox Island.
Stmr Alcazar, Carlson, 41 hours from Port
Los Angeles.
Stmr Elihu Thompson, Eagles, 3 days and 22
hotfrs from Seattle.
Stmr Corona, Debney, 60" hours from San
Di#go.
Stmr George Loomis. Bridgett, 35 hours from
Ventura. Alameda direct.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 18 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Stmr Aloha, Jorirenson, 15 hours from Albion,
via Point Arena 12 hours.
Hark Highland Light, Herbert, 12 days from
Seattle.
Schr Monterey, Beck, 16 hours from Bowens
Landing.
Scbr Vega, Rasmussen, 10 days from Port
Blakeley.
Schr C H Merchant, Olsen. 7 days from Grays
Harbor. . Oakland direct.
Schr Charles E Falk, Anderson. 10 days from
Port Blakeley.
CLEARED.
Saturday, November 5.
Stmr Pomona, Shea, Eureka; Goodall, Perk
ins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Green, Astoria; Oregon Rail
road and Navigation Co.
Stmr Charles Nelson, Anderson, Port Towns
end; E T Kruse.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 6.
Stmr Coos Bay, Gielow. San Pedro.
Stmr Empire, Nelson, Cocs Bay.
Stmr Fulton, Levinson. Portland.
Schr Una, Harklns. Astoria.
Schr Archie and Fontle. Johnansen, Stewarts
Point. '
Schr Five Brothers, Jensen, Ftshermens Bay.
Schr Roy Somers, Poiland, Port Gamble.
CHARTERS.
The Star of Russia. Morven and Vlmelra are
reported chartered for wheat from Portland to
Europe, 36s 3d.
The John Falmer loads lumber on the Sound
for Sydney. 37s 6d; St. Katherlne, coal on the
Sound for" Honolulu, and sugar thence for New
York; Star of Italy, lumber on the Sound tor
Australia.
The Poseidon loads wheat at Portland for Eu
rope, 33s Ski.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT ANGELES— In bay Nov 6— Bark Em
pire, from Chemainus, for Freemantle; schr
H D Bendixen, from Chemainus, for Sydney.
PORT TOWNSENP— In port Nov 6— Stmr
Walla Walla, for Pan Francisco; bktn J M
Griffith, from Taeoma, for San Francisco;
bark Vale of Doon, from Taeoma, for Shang
hai
PRATTLE— Arrived Nov 4— Schr J M Colraan.
from San Diego.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Nov 4— Ship In
vincible, h«nce Oct 23.
PORT H'DLOW— Arrived Nov s— Bktn Rob
ert Sudden, from Pnrt Townsend.
POUT BLAKELEY— Arrived Nov s— Chil ship
Star of Italy, from Honolulu; schr Marlon, frm
Ventura.
FOREIGN PORTS.
rr>TX>N— Arrived Nov 4— Stmr AUtanca, from
New York.
Sailed Nov 4 — Rtmr Finance, for New York.
SHANGHAI— Arrived Oct 2»— Nor stmr Tor
denskjoM. from \'ancouver.
Yokohama— Sailed Nov 5— Br stmr Olym
pia. fur Taeoma.
YOKOHAMA- Palled Vtrv s— Br stmr Cop
tic, for Pan Francisco, via Honolulu.
SYPNEY—Arrlved Nov 4— Bark Prussia, for
Port Blakelpy.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
j,^ Steamers leave Broadway
|Rh»_. wharf. San- Francisco:
1 ■MMBfc^ For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
' l*!^*^** 1^ Nov. 2. 7. 12. 17, 22, 27, Dec. 2.
' is* B§!3\s£* transfer at Seattle.
' JiK«3H l'"" Victoria. Vancouver (B.
} tHsaKs^lfis*? C ) Port Townsend. Seattle.
I r *&&'¥&} Tacoma. Kverett, Anacortes
V; . .; r^^^ffl and New Whatcom (Wash.). 10
a m , Nov. 2, 7. 12. 17, 22. 27,
Dec 2 and every fifth day thereafter, trans-
fer at Seattle to this company's steamers for
Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at Tacoma to N. P.
Rv at Vancouver to C. r. «>•
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 2 p. m. Nov.
5 10. 15. 20, 25. 30, Dec. 5, and every fifth day
tb For a "s an Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
cfvueo: Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo).
Gavlota" Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m., Nov. 1, 5, 9. 13 1,. 21. to. 29.
Dec " 3, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San DK» K o, ■topping only Ht Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara Port
F farir *? n-T% i?&£:\ u «-
everv fourth day thereafter.
#or Ensenada.-Ma dalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo Mazatlan. Altata." La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. 18th of every
m For h further Information obtain folder. .
The company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
""tIOKKT OFFIOK-4 New Montgomery
-trpet il'alace Hotel).
GQODALL. PERKINS et&B Gen Ast... o
uu 10 Market st.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class lncludina: Berths
InnC $8 Second Class and Meals.
George W. Elder sails Nov. 3, 12. 21. 30. ■ : -
Columbia sails Nov. 6. 15, 24, Dec. 1.
State of California sail* Nov. 9. 18, 27, Dec 6.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane, Butte.
Helena and all points In ' the Nortl»we«.
Through ticket* to all points East. /
K. C. WARD, General Agent. :
630 Market street.
GOODALU PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendent*.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS J-fptr
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday /jTO
at 1" i m.. from Pier 42, North «*w*^»
River foot of Morton street.
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 13
LA BRETAGNE Nov. 25
LA TOURAINE.. Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
First-class to • Havre $90 and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round ■ trip. Second class to
Havre $45 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO. Pacific Coast Agents, 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
fB 53 PanS 3 The S. 8. MOAN A
lSHlliL <al!ii vla Honolulu and
•Xl r """" w Auckland for Sydney
M .* — p^ Wednesday, November
§fJaflSnlDd L *" c to' COOLGAR-
C^ltailUllll/ DIE Australia and
(Q[||fi(|lilpCAPE TOWN. South
Wllipgi«l Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents.
114 Montgomery, st.
Freight office — 327 Market St., San Francisco.
BAY AifD BIVEB STEAMEB3.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
■ Steamer "Monticello."
Men.. Tn««.. wed.. Thurs. and Sat .....#
1:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Tknn.l
Fridays... «........l p. m. and 8:30 p. a.
Sundays 10:80 a. m. and I p. m.
Landing and ef flees— Mission Dock. PUr I
T»l»t)hon» Red £241.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO, Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Jose, 60c; round trip, 76c. ' Delightful Bay
Excursions. Alvlso and return. 7Sc Telepbona
Main 1350 ■
RAILROAD TBAVEZh
California
Limited
Santa re Route
Connecting Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at 5 P. M. every SUNDAY,
TUESDAY. FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
following Thursday. Saturday
and Tuesdav-Arrjvlnfir in New
York at 1 :3O P.M. Friday. Sunday
and Wednesday.
DINING CARS. BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train is in Addition to the Dally
Overland Express.
SAN FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE — 623 MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1531.
Oakland Offioe— Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe-201 J Street. ,:_
San Jose Offioe— 7 West Santa Clara ISt
RAILROAD TSAVBXb -'-
HOI ITIIKRN rACIMC COJIPAST.
. : (ricirio BYMTKM.)
Trill ne leu** i»n«* «r«" «lv«« to »»rrl»« ••
■;■-.-•.:■ MASf I'ItA.WW(«. \
 (Main Line. Foot of Markot Street) t - '
, ka vb — FROM Nov. 3. 1898. — : AaiUTJ
•6:OOa Nilea. San Jose and Way Stations... ;**}jj A
7:OOa Benioia, Suison and Sacramento.... IWi-ioa
7:OOa MarysTJlle. OroTille and Redding »ia _
Woodland »**»'
7:o* a ElmJra, Vacaville and Kumsey...... »«*«>r
7:30 a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. N»p», '
Calistoca aud Santa How* ........ 2.* p
8:OOa Atlantic Kri>re»s, Og<!rn and l'.tt»t.. »'■*»*
»i3t»A San .losr. Stock Urn. Valley Spring,
lone. Sacraiueuto, MRry»»ille,
Chioo, Tehama and Kv\ IJIutT.... *«•*'
8i8»a Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. •• Tt J?
•StaOA Milton ....•.....' • •7«*»*
9:0« a Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Merced ...
and Fresno lt:l»l«
OiOOa Frenuu, liakersHeld, Santa Ititrlmra,
Los ADgelea, Demiug, El Pnao, -_
New Orleans and KaM B:*3*
Fresno. MendoU, Tracy and Mar-
tloez.. ' •««*
1O:OOa Vallrj.i. Martinet and Way Stations 7i43r
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steumfrs.. ....... *|' :0 *»P» P
liOOr >'iies. Ban Jose and Way Stations ... * »•'*;»*
San Jose, ilt« and Way Stations ... I»: «»X
2:OOp Mies, Tracy, Menduta, Hanfurd and -
Visalia .....4 41ls *
LiTermore, San Jose, Nllesand Way -
Stations! *....... 11O:1SA
«iOOrM*rthier, Baa lUtiiou. Vallejo,
Napa. (!nllstoga, Xl Verano and
S»i!taUosa...... »» I **
4iOUp Bcnicla, VacuTll'.e, Woodland,
Knights landing. MarysTllle, Oro-
Tille audSHcmiiieiito l * ! A
4:!IOp wards, Mies and San Jose 7:40 A
S:OMp Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno,
Moj&Te, Santa liarbara and Los,
Angela. ' Bi4BA
SiOOp Santa Fa Route. Atlantic Kipress .
for Mnjare and Kast \ «i*3»
•;3i«»r "Pacinc Coast Limited," El Paso,
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St. ■ < •
Louis. Chicago an d Emit |6i4Br
St3Op Niles, San Jone, Tracy, Lathrop,
»Werc«d and Fresno
SißOr Stockton l«il»»
OiOUr Kiiropenn Mail, Ogdeu and Kast.... »: t.iA
•OiOttp Vallejo I*il»P
|7>OOp Vallejo, Port Costa and Way BU-
tions t»«43F
SiOUr Oregon Ki|irmn,HaorHmento, Marys-
Tllie, Keddlng, Portland, Puget
t Hound and Khaj gtl»A
SAN LKA.NKKO AMI lIAYWAUUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
I Melrone, Seminary Park, f
jt'^H K MUhbnrir, Klrahumt, ..S'iSt
i«'«»t K " n 1-0H.i.1n,, South San «?»^§*
iWool I^an.lro.FMudlllo, JS.J3*
iI2:<M»M ' Lorenzo, Cherry • .1:43p
il.-OOp »n.l ;. t ! «--* :
D:Ot>v llaynardn. (3:-15p
7:OOp i Runs through to Nile*. 7:45r
_J J t From Niles. 1.
~ CUAST IMVIsION (Narrow Uau*;e). '
(Foot of Market Street.)
SilSa NewarM>nterYille,San Jotie.Felton,
Boul der Santa Cruz and Way
Buttons sis#t
*Bll9p Newark, CentorTille, Sun Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Itoulder Or«ek.
Santa Cruz and Principal Way ■ --
Stations »lOisOa
4<l9p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos.. . 9:8Oa
♦1 t:49p Hnnters' Kxcurslon, San Jose and * .
Way Buttons t7:2Uf
i CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
torn SIR mSICISCO— root or Harlot Stntt 8)—
•7:18 9:10 II :00A.M. }l:JO *2:00 t3:03
•4:00 JB:OO •6:00 p.m.
rrom OiXUBD— Fool of Braid w»j.—«6:oo 8:00 10:00 A.M.
1 12:00 *1:00 12:00 i 3:00i 3:00 ti:00 "5:00 p.m.
" COAST DIVISION (ll road «ange).
' (Third and Towngend Sta.)
7sOOa San Jose and Way SUtinns (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) 1:30!
9:00 a Han Jose. Trus I'imm, Haute Cruz, '
'•■-■"?• Paolllc drove, Paso ltobles, Sau
Luis OliiHPo, Ouadaln|>H, Surf aud
Prlncijial Way StKtiniiß 4ilO(
l(il«A San .lose ami Way Stations •H:OO*
11<8Oa San Jose and Way Stations B>33a
*3:43rBan Mateo, Uedwood, Meulo Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lime,
Gilroy, Hollißter. Santa Cruz,
' Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
Oro.e •lO:S0*
■StS»pHaii.T<«4aiid Way Stations ••J:i»«/i
*4:lSp San .Tone and Principal Way Stations 11:454
*3rOOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6::13*
H:8«p San. lose and Principal Way .SUtious 5:30]
6:»Oi- San Jose and Way Stations 7:3»l
flI:4Sp San Joscaud Way Statlmi* 7:»Oi
A for Morning. - 1" for Afternoon,
•Hiuniays exeented. X Sundays only. ♦ Saturdays only
If Mondays and Thuredayg. §3atuTdays and Wednesdays
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESS3B
OH FBAHCISGO AND NORTH PACIFIS
RAILWAY COMPANY,
ttbaxmu Wmrrj, P©o* «l Market Sib
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7.3O. 9:00, 11:00 a. m.: 12:15,
' t:SO, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
I at 11:80 p. m. Saturday*— trip* at 1:54
and 11:30 p. m. , . ■ . -
SUNDAYS— 8:00. 8:S0t 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, !:*•. '
I 6:00, 6:20 p. m. /
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:60, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45.
j 1:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturday*— Extra trips at
1:56 and 6:35 p. m.
I SUNDAYS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40.
6:00. 6:26 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
tame schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16. —
Week Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. days. Destination. days. I Daya.
7:2oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am| B:4oam
1:80 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:10 pm 10:25 am
8:10pm 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm «:iapn>
Fulton, .
TJOam Windsor, 10:25 am
Healdsburs.
r '. i'-^'. f t Lytton,
Geyservllle, - •(.■
t:Sopm 8:00 am Cloverdale, 7:85 pm B:Hpm
. . Hopland and
T:Boam 8:00 am Uklah. 7:Sspm 6:JJpia
1:80 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Quern c villa. 7:35 pm
1:80 pm , . 6:22 pm
I:<oam 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am B:4oam
and
"S:lopm s:oopm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 8:23 pm
7:80 am 8:00 am - SebastopoL 10:40 am 10:25 am
8:30 pm 6:00 pm 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lylton Springs; at Gey-
servfUe for Ska'ggs Springs: at • Cloverdale for
the Geysers;- at Hopland for Duncan Springs,'
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda ' Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs ; at tTkiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs. Blu» Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake. Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley,
John Day's, Riverside. . Lierley's, BuckneU's.
Banhedrin Heights, HullvUle, Booneville. Orr**
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort . Bragg.
Westport, Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonville. Cum-
mlng' s. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates. round trip tickets to all polata
On Sundays round trip tickets to all polaui
beyond Ban Rafael at half rate*.
Ticket Offices, 660 Market St.. Chronicle bid*.
H. C. WHITING. _ H. X. RTAN,
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sanaa lito Ferry.
FROM SAN i'KA.NCiSLO TO MILL VALI.BT
AND SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS-« 7:20. '9:30, U:00 a. m.; n:4a,
8:45. 6:15, •6:00, 6:30 p. m. Rafael on Monday.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday.
Wednesdays and Saturday* at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— *S:OO. '10:00. »U:3O a. m.; ISM,
l: SvaJ*na marked • run to San Quentln. ■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5.-25. »6:35. 7:45. »»:30 a. m.l
•1220 2:20, TRIPS' on' Mondays, Wednesdays
EXTRA TRIPB on Mondays, Wednesdays
I^UN& 186r20I 8 6r20. I *& mnO:00.m nO:00. 11:56 a. «.,
n-15 '3:10, 4:40, 6:2 ° p. m. ' «, « .. "
•Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:46. 6:46. 7:55. 9:40 a. m.;
11^5 2:45, 3:50. 6:20 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesdays
" e d uffD U AYrsroo. 7: «a m m.: 12:08. I**. ,».
*M. •:» p- Through trains.
i 1-20 a. m. week days— Ca«adero and way sta'ns.
1:45 d. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
stations.
■:00 a. m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way sta' a.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. 10. 189 S. trains will run as follow »;
Bouth-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Pasaea*
ger. Sunday _-'-. Sunday ger.
Daily. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 9:25 am - Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm
11:10 am 12:50 pm ' Merced 12:50 pm 5:13 pm
12:40 pm 4:1.". pm Fresno 9:30 am 3:45 pm
1:38 pm 6:45 Hanford 7:45 am 2:40 pm
4:25pm 11:59 pm Bakersfteld 2:30 am. 12:10 pm
I:6* rm! 7:sopm Visalia' 6:4oarn[ 2:2opm
"Stopping at intermediate points as reauired.
Connections— At Stockton with . steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. dally,
i excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15 p. m.
dally. -■ .:■ . ■ •:• - : . ■ ...
For stage connections see cf flcia! time table
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office, 321 Mar*
ket street, San Francisco. ~
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Kerry.)
Leave; San Francisco, ■ commencing Sunday.
Sept. 11. 1898: •
Week Days— 9-.30 a. m. 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. lf:30 a. m., 1:15 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, 11. .
THOS. COOK & SON. Agents, 621 Mark*
street, San Francisco. \ . ■•*»■ ™""^ "\ f^ f (fi*i x*\ •■■ ■> <*^— *^*^\^ r*^ f^—l m^^K CV" 1 """I
PETER AND HIS
ELECTION CARDS
OF course it is all right to get all
the election cards that you can.
That means a great dt?al — when
you consider how many school
children and their younger
brothers and sisters there are to
collect them. If the school
children of San Francisco have an
average of one hundred cards each,
they have accumulated only six mil
lions of cards, which is why I '
encourage them to do something worth
talking about during the few remaining
days while the candidates are suffi
ciently full of hope to keep the printing
presses going and turning out their
names and portraits upon smooth and
clean cardboard — for mamma to pick
up and put in the fire after election.
I am writing this to tell you all about
the great scheme which Peter Nally
and his little sister Josephine had in
connection with election cards. They
lived in a little town which had one
candy and icecream store, one toy
store, dtill shop, one bicycle rink, one
livery stable, one millinery art room,
one dentistry — or place where the lit
tle children enjoy or hive a chance to
having their teeth i • ull c d after
they have spoiled them eating too much
candy. In short, the toi ill, in
the country, where every man. woman
and child is known by all the inhabi
tants and where fun and gossip run an
even race all the year thr
Slowville never had seen any election
cards until Susie Green brought home
n lot from San Francisco, where her
married sister lives in a frame house
and looks out of her parlor window
tipon a city grocery store which main
tains a watering trough for horses to
drink out of a? one of its proudest
boasts. The election cards showed the
country people that there were a lot
of officials in Sa:i Francisco. Susie
Green's father is a rich man and is
called the PQuire at the "town meet
ins," which shows that he is the leader
of many men and many minds. Mr.
Green looked the cards over and had a
town meeting held without delay for
the purpose of railing to the attention
of the people of Slowville how slow
they really were. There he made a
speech which was so convincing and
long — it took him an hour and a half
to got through the introduction— that
when he sat down it was voted to do
just what he said. This was to have a
set of inspectors, without salaries, to
keep the good old town straight. A
committee was named to prepare a list
of inspectors, whose duty it would be
PUZZLE— GUESS WhAT IS IN THE BARREL
to see that the people were not run
down by bicyclists on the one sidewalk,
two hundred feet long, which the town
boasted; that the milk should be pure;
that there should be no germs on the
molasses candy and Icecream; that the
rates for horses and carriages to let
should be satisfactory and such as
should Induce immigration from the
frost-bitten East; in fact, that there
should be enough regulations and reg
tilators to furnish honorary jobs for
enough persons to make a brave ap
pearance by the number of their names
upon Slowville's first issue of election
cards.
Peter Nally, being only 11 years
old, was not at the town meeting, but
his father was and told him all about
it. Hardly had Mr. Nally stopped talk
ing when little Peter slyly beckoned to
his sister Josephine to follow him
around the house to a big tree, where
they frequently met to plan mischief.
A great idea had suddenly taken root
and sprung up in Peter's mind, and Jo
sephine saw signs of something un
usual in his expression and she has
tened to follow him. Here is -what Peter
told her:
"Now, we want to keep all these of
fices in the family- -. : them.
mind— but we will have to work quietly
and as still as mice, and don't you ever
say a word or you will be sorry."
Josephine promised secrecy. "What
good will it do?" Bhe asked.
"Good! "ejaculated Peter withtheac
cent on the- word which showed his dis
gußt that Josephine should not see all
his great Bcheme all at once, "Do?
Why, don't you like candy ami buggy
rides and bicycle runs ami <!
ma like fine bonnets and Ice cream?
And don't you want to have us all
bosses of something? Bah! a girl '-an
never see a thing first off. When we
are all the inspectors we can get all
the candy and Ice cream and buggy
free. Just as Susie Green says that her
Bister's husband, who is a policeman,
does in San Francisco. I tell you that
would be great."
"Wouldn't that be like Hogging?"
asked Josephine timidly.
"Begging nothing— perkysites of of
fice, the policeman told Susie. I'll bet
that Susie's father thinks that he will
be elected to do all the inspecting and
that he will be the Poo-h-Bah of this
town, as Uncle Jim says. But he will
not — no. nitty, nit."
"Well," asked Josephine, who did not
see how this wa? to be brought about,
not knowing much about elections or
EDITED BY DAVID.M .WALKER
politics, except that when there is an
election both parties say that the time
to save the country has at last arrived
and that they are the ones to do the
saving, "how can 1 help?"
"There is no time to lose," answered
the crafty boy. "Get ma to let you go
to San Francisco to visit Cousin Nellie
next week. She will dv that easy, be
cause Cousin Nellie has offered to pay
your fare whenever you will come.
Leave the rest to me and say nothing
and it will all come out right."
Josephine felt like a conspirator when
she asked to be permitted to make the
visit, and her conscious gruilt made her
face so flushed that her mother saw
that something was the matter and
Bald:
"1 am afraid that you are going to
be sick, Josephine, for you look as if
you have a fever coming on, your face
is so red."
However, Josephine was permitted to
see Cousin Nellie. She was act
ing under instructions and she pre
vailed upon her mother to let her take
the largest valise in the house to carry
her clothes in. "Like as not," said
Peter, "Cousin Nellie will have a lot of
things to send to us and it will be well
for Josie to have room in the valise to
bring them."
Cousin Nellie's husband is a San
Francisco printer and has a large es
tablishment with a lot of men working
in it. Before Josephine started on her
return Jo-urney to Slowville, Cousin
Billie, the husband of Cousin Nellie,
gave her a large package, with instruc
tions not to open it, but to give it to
Peter and to say nothing about it.
Josephine carried out her instructions
to the letter. Peter smiled, gaily and
whispered the first time that they were
alone: "The scheme is working fine.
We are going to be elected sure — me
and pa, and you and ma, and oh, it will
be great I tell you."
Klectlon day arrived and proved that
Peter had guessed the ambition of
Squire Green out. The voting was done
at two places. At both there were reg
ular election cards on which was the
name of the Squire, who appeared to be
running for all the offices. Election day
was a holiday and all the school chil
dren were at the polls ready to see what
election cards they could get. No one
had any except Squire Green — or at
least none were visible excepting those
that he showed. He gave the cards out
proudly — they had his picture on them
— until they were all gone. This hap
pened early in the morning. The news
poon spread through th^se cards, that
the Squire had "bolted the ticket" and
that he wanted to fill all the offices
himself. There was much indisrnation
among the friends of all the young men
who had hoped to be the newly elected
officials. They held a meeting and
dosed the door. From some place of
concealment Peter crawled out and
began to hand to each of the young
men an election card which made them
all laugh. This was how it read:
Read this and hand it back to
Peter after the election, for he is
making a collection of election
cards.
For Inspector of Candy and
Icecream — Peter Nally.
For Inspector of Dolls and
Toys— Josephine Nally.
Millinery Inspector — Mrs.
Nally.
Inspector of everything else —
Peter Nally's Father.
Vote for us all— Peter Nally.
This was something so entirely new
that it took with the young men and
when they wont into the booths and
came out to tali to their friends it
was a foregone conclusion that Squire
Green was a beaten man and that his
scheme had failed. When the ballots
were counted that night the vote of
the town was found to be unanimous
for Peter Nally's ticket with the ex
ception of one ballot which, was cast
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALX., SUNDAY, NOYEMBEE 6, 18900.
for Squire Green. As the Squire had
been seen to vote there was no doubt
that he had voted for himself.
There was some question whether
l'eter Nally, Josephine Nally and Mrs.
Nally had been legally elected; but as
there were no salaries for the positions
into which they had been voted and as
the whole town laughed at the shrewd
ness of Peter — who insisted upon giving
full credit to Josephine for the ability
she had shown in holding her tongue
and keeping her secret — the Nally ticket
was duly declared to have been elected.
Squire Green was so chagrined that he
had nothing to say. There was not as
much inspecting to do as Peter had
expected, for the people of Slowville
were well behaved; neither was there
a chance for him and his family to live
on the fat of the land, as the phrase
goes, without paying anything for any
thing.
But the people of the town gave a
grand picnic in honor of Peter and he
and Josephine had so much candy,
cake and ice cream to eat. and ate so
much, that they were both sick for a
week. The Congressman from that
district freely predicts that Peter will
be a great politician and ia even will
ing to say that he thinks that "Peter
has a right smart chance to be Presi
dent of the United States some day if
he keeps on as smart as he has
started." Josephine and Josephine's
father and mother think that he is a
great boy — if not a great man, and his
father says that "the boy is father of
the man," which means that the boy
will often show by his actions early in
life what sort of a man he is going to
be.
Since the election Peter has traded
off the Nally family election cards for
all sorts of things that he has wanted—
a coaster, a top, some marbles, a foot
ball — and he has enough left to get him
a jackknife and a soldier cap, besides
enough "traders" to gather in all of
Squire Green's election cards.
D. H. W.
THE BIRTHDAY
BOX O/=" CANDY
HAPPY birthday," said papa, as
pretty little Del Moore tripped
into the dining-room on the
morning of her twelfth birth
day. The family, who were al
ready at the table, greeted her effus
ively, for she was the youngest child
and a pet. With a bright nod that in
cluded 'the entire company Del slipped
into her place, eying delightedly the
tf-mpting pile of presents at her plate.
Every one of them had to be opened be
fore she would touch any brpakfast,
consequently the morning meal was
greatly prolonged.
"You had better leave the unopened
ones until after breakfast." suggested
mamma, as Del leaned back in her chair
with a sigh of satisfaction, after look
ing thro-ugh nearly all.
"No, no, this is the very last one. and
I MUST see what it is," replied the lit
tle girl, adding, as she caught sight of
a smile on her father's face, "from
papa, I know." As the wrapper came
off her face fell. It was only a box of
candy!
"Don't you like it?" asked papa, with
a twinkle in his eye.
"Why, it is nothing but candy," re
plied Del, for papa always gave his
children something in the shape of jew
elry on their birthdays. It was a sad
disappointment! She had expected
something so much handsomer.
"Well, well, don't cry, little girl. Eat
your candy and content yourself with
3"our other presents," said papa, cheer
ily, amused at the disconsolate look on
his little daughter's face.
"I think it's a shame! You always
give the others something nice. Bess
got a ring, and Helen a bracelet for
their birthdays. I don't think it's fair
and I don't want the old candies. I can
get all I want of them every day:"
cried Del, bursting into tears. Papa
and the rest of the family looked grave
over this show of temper, but said
nothing, so Del continued:
"I had expected something really
pretty from you, papa. Mary," to the
little maid-of-all-work, who stood be
hind Mrs. Moore's chair, "you can take
this candy to your little brothers and
sisters. I don't want it."
"Sure, you wouldn't be givin* that to
me?" said Mary, eying the pretty box
lovingly.
"Certainly. I don't want any old
candy for my birthday," replied the
little lady.
THE LITTLE BUMPKINS SAIL FOR CALIFORNIA IN A WARSHIP OF THEIR OWN MAKE WHICH IS MOVED BY COW AND DONKEY FORCE.
"Del," said papa, sternly, "this is a
piece of folly. But if you repent of it
don't blame me."
'Repent of giving candy away? I
guess not," said Del, and nothing more
was said on the subject for several
days, during which time Del carried
herself with an injured air and scarcely
spoke to her father. On the third morn
ing, as the family were about to seat
themselves at the table, Mary came in,
saying:
"Here, Miss Del, is something I found
n^HE clustering roses, rich and swee;,
Threw down their petals at his feet
J- In sign of homage; but one thorn
His little sunburned hands have torn.
in the box of randy you gave me the
other day. We- was eatin' of the candy
over to my house Last ni^ht and I found
this in the bottom of the box. Your
papa must 'aye meant k for your birth
day," said the maid, holding out to Del
a beautiful little gold watch.
"What a beauty!" exclaimed the little
girl, snatching it up. "You did give me
something pretty after all, you dear old
papa. You put it there for a surprise,
didn't you? Thank you ever so much.
It is lovely!"
"I did mean it to surprise you," said
papa, gravely, "but when you gave up
the box of candy you gave up the
watch. Mary should be rewarded for
her honesty. So give her the watch,
Del."
"Oh, papa!"
"Oh, Mr. Moore!"
"You are too much spoiled, Del. You
have needed a lesaon for a long while,"
said papa; and Mary was forced, much
against her will, to take the watch,
while Del resolved, way down in her
heart, never to give away another
present. But when Christmas time
came around papa relented and, among
numerous other things, Del received a
far handsomer watch than the one she
had lost "From papa."
THE CLEVER
COLT PATSY
BY EVA SANDERSON.
SAN FELIPE.
PATSY is a small light brown colt,
about six months old. Perhaps
you would like to know how we
got her. If so, I will tell you.
Well, one day when I got home
from school I found my Bister Laura
in a state of great excitement. We
had a neighbor, Mr. Dunne by name,
and one of his mares died, leaving a colt
not three weeks old.
Mr. Dunne brought the colt down to
Laura in the morning and told her that
he would make her a present of it, pro
vided she would take good care of it
and feed It regularly every day. Laura
promised, and Mr. Dunne rode away.
Laura kept her promise faithfully,
and when Mr. Dunne again came t(*
visit us the colt was prancing about
quite gayly. Papa told us that when
the colt was about three years old if
we sold her we would get at least $50
for her, but Laura declared she would
never sell her pet.
One day when mamma went to the
schoolhouse to see the teacher Patsy
followed her to the school yard, into it
and up to the steps.
Of course, all the children wished to
go out and see Patsy, and, it being re
cess time, the teacher let them.
They had been playing with her a
very short time, when she suddenly
(IHH, Bee, you must forgot/ he said,
I While sunshine crowned his curly head,
w "When you came singingwith your wings
To say the roses, too, have stings."
darted through the crowd, making a
path through it.
Much more could be written about
Patsy, but I think that this is enough
for once.
MANNERS OF
THE COOPS.
BY GELItTT EURGESS.
(From St. Nichol»3.)
The Goops they lick their fingers,
And the Goops they lick their knives;
They spill their broth on the table-cloth;
6h, th#y lead untidy lives.
The Goops they talk while eating,
And loud and fast they chew.
Bo that is why I am glad that I
Am not a Ooop. Are you?
ELSIE ERASER
FOUND HER STORY
By MADGE CUNNINGHAM,
OAKLAND.
ELSIE Fraser had broken her
wheel again. I don't know how
many times she had broken it
before, but before there had al
ways been ready money to re
pair it with. This time it would cost
$10 to mend it and the money was not
forthcoming.
Elsie had earned her wheel herself,
and now she determined to earn enough
money to mend it. She was sure she
cnuld do it, but the problem was how.
Ten dollars is a good deal to earn when
you have to think first how to earn it.
She pondered on the subject for some
weeks and at last decided to write a
story.
There always seem to be topics In
plenty when you are reading short stor
ies, but some way when you try to
write one the topics all fly away. Elsie
tried very hard to think of one. At
last she began to write. It seemed
very interesting to her as she wrote,
but when she read what she had writ
ten it was not satisfactory at all.
Then she tried another subject and
made the story longer, but it proved
too tedious. In this way she wrote sev
eral stories, but with each she was dis
satisfied and at last became discour
aged.
One day, soon after Elsie had given
v.p story writing, Dick Fraser, her
brother, was missing from home at the
usual time after school. He had al
ways been prompt and this was very
puzzling. He had never even hinted at
running away. Mrs. Fraser, thinking
he would come home before dark, wait
ed until it was too late to do anything.
Supper time came and went and no
Dick appeared. Bedtime, still no Dick.
Bad news always flies like wildfire,
and all the neighbors soon knew of
Dick's disappearance and began to drop
in to show their sympathy.
Mr. Fraser did not come home until
the last boat left the city and did not
arrive until after 1 o'clock. When he
reached home everything was in con
fusion. Mrs. Fraser in hysterics, the
baby crying, and Elsie tired and wor
ried.
The baby stopped crying when she
saw her father and Elsie was sent to
bed. Mr. Fraser went to the police
station, where he found that another
boy, Roy Peterson, had also been
missed that afternoon and upon inves
tigating that he was one of Dick's
si h "''lmates. There were no accidents
to any boys recorded so he felt sure
they were safe, as both boys were old
enough to take care of themselves.
After this reassurance he went home
and went to bed.
At 6 he awoke and went to tell his
employer that he would be absent from
work that day. Then he went home
and got his breakfast. Mrs. Fraser,
tired out with her night's watch,
showed signs of giving out and Elsie
had to do most of the work. Mr. Fra
ser told them that his employer had
said that if nothing was missing the
boys would soon reappear.
"Leave 'em ayone an' dey'll come
home, waggin' der tails behine 'em,"
lispei the baby, but this wise saying
did not reassure any one In the least
that they would.
When the hunt began there were
dozens of clews. They sprang up in
every direction from this, that and the
next person — all perfectly probable, but
only a few proved of any value. One
boy said that Dick had told him he was
going to sea; another that he had seen
Dick and Roy 10-ding provisions on to
a wagon. All hat day and part of the
next night the fathers of the two boy»
searched in old barns, among the hills,
along the water front — in fact any
where it was possible for them to go.
They hunted in almost every place but
the right cne.
Another night passed fruitlessly. In
the morning an old Chinese workman
came to the Frasers to shingle the
barn. He was very fond of Dick. Mrs.
Fraser always spoke to him in "pidgin
English, " which he used.
"Toy," she said to him. "what you
think? My boy gone away?"
A puzzled look came into his face
and a long drawn "awe!" escaped him.
""When he go?" he asked.
"He go Thursday, Toy," said Mrs.
Fraser.
Toy put on one of his comical stares.
Then he said, "He go Thursday?
Thursday, Friday," counting on his
fingers. "Saturday, play. Sunday he
come back."
It was after school on Thursday.
Dick Fraser was standing on a cor
ner feeling very much at odds with
the world in general. He had been kept
after school and wasn't used to it. It
took up such a lot of time from play
when that happened.
He had come out with Roy Peterson,
who had the reputation of being the
worst boy in the school yard.
"Dick," said Roy, "I want to go some
place."
"Where do you want to go?" said
Dick.
"I'm going 1 to Stockton to visit my
grandfather on his ranch. Want to
come, too? We'll have to hurry up if
we catch the boat."
Now Dick had no idea how far Stock
ton was and thought he would be at
home by evening, and as he had never
been there he thought he would like to
go. So the two boys started. They
caught the quarter past 4 narrow
gauge train from Oakland to San Fran
cisco and thence took the steamer to
Stockton. ,
Everything combined to deceive Dick,
who had traveled very little, and it
was not until nightfall that he began
to have secret misgivings as to the cor
rectness of his calculations. For sup
per the cook gave the boys some sago
pudding, which Dick remarked '"tasted
like indiarubber," and he thought
with regret of his mother's nice dinners
at home and wished he hadn't come.
That night the boys had very little
sleep and toward morning the steamer
struck a fog bank and ran into the
mud several times. By the time they
reached Stockton the day was dawning
and they were quite unfit for the long
walk to the ranch between Lodi and
that town. However, they started.
After they had walked about a mile
Dick said, "Roy, I'm going home on the
first boat that leaves here."
"S'posen I won't let you?" said Roy.
"You haven't got any money."
"No, but I'll get some man to trust
me and I'll telephone right back to my
father," said Dick.
Now Roy was not nearly as bad a
boy as he was made out to be, and he
had begun to think that perhaps his
mother was -worrying about him, so he
said: "All right, we'll go back. Per
haps it is too long, anyway."
When they reached Stockton they
found that the next boat did not leave
until evening, so they had to amuse
themselves as best they could. All
that day they walked the streets, pick
ing up ciear wrappers, of which both
were making a collection, and doing
anything they could to occupy their
time.
That night the boys slept on the
cotton bales in the lower deck, and
wh-n they awoke they were iij the har
bor of San Francisco once more.
"When Toy saw Dick coming he called
out to Mrs. Fraser at the top of his
voice, "He come, he come," and when
Dick came into the back yard he said
to him, "You fader got whip dis long
inside fer you," stretching as far as ha
could reach with his arms. /
When Dick went irv- the house he
gave his mother a regular boy's bear
hug and said, "Anyway, I didn't run
away, and I'm so glad to get back."
When he had related the story of his
adventures, Elsie said, "It's the very
thing for my story."
"Yes." said Dick, "that's one reason
I went. I thought perhaps I could
find something for you to write about."
And Elsie wrote her story and to-day
is riding her wheel back and forth to
school, and what Is more. It looks better
than it ever did before.
3132
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
First Baptist Ourch, Eddy street,
Jones— Rev. E. A. wood*.
Mornin— "Burden Beartmr" *V*£°fT.
"Jesus an Imposter, or the Son of God.
Prelude, "Your Vote."
Emmanuel Baptist. Bartlett street, near
Twentr-tbird— Rev. J. O. Glb*on.
Morning— "Be Not Weary/' Evening—
■•The God and Father of Our Lord Je«u»
Christ." Barytone »olo, "Com* to Me,
by the pastor.
Hamilton Square Baptist. Poet street.
Bteiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— "Perex-una."
slah's Rod."
8t. Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets — Rev. William P.
Klrby.
Morning— High mass and sermon.
Ing— Vespers and benediction.
Even-
tit. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummin*.
Morning— High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
—Sermon and vespers.
St. Brendan's, Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
Morning— High mass and *ennon.
ing— Vespers.
Even-
St. Brigld's. Van Ness avenue and
way— Father CotUe.
lornlng— Sermon on the Gospel. E
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlatl, Alemanjr and
Croke streets— Saleslan Fathers.
Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
Casslnl. Evening — 1 o'clock, veaper*. *er-
mon and benediction.
St. Charles, Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
streets— Father Cummlngs.
Morning— High mass at 10:80 o'clock. Even-
ing — Vespers and sermon.
Bt. Dominic' s, Bush and Steiner
Rev. Plus Murphy.
Mcrnlng— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing— Rosary and procession In honor of
the Virgin.
Bt. Francis. Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue— Father Carraher.
Morning- -High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vesper*, sermon and
benediction.
All Hallows. Sixteenth I
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
Morning — High mass and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Vesper*.
Bt. Ignatius. Van Nees
street— Jesuit Fathers.
Morning — Sermon at the 10:30 o'clock mass
by Rev. Father Woods, S. J. Evening-
Sermon by Rev. Father Mahoney, 8. J.
St. James. Twenty-third and
streets— Father P. R. Lynch.
lorning— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening — Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
Bt Joseph's. Tenth street, near Howard-
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening — Vespers.
Bt. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergast,
V. G.
| Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. 3 p. m.
— Annual devotions of the Calvarlan So-
ciety. Evening— Vespers, benediction and
sermon.
Bt Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets— Paulist Fathers.
Morning— High mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Vespers, sermon and benediction.
St. Patrick's. Mission street, near Third-
Father Gray.
Morning — High mass and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespers, benediction
and sermon.
St. Paul's, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and Church ;
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
streets— Salesian Fathers.
Mernlng — Sermon In Italian by one of the
priests of the community. Evening 1 — Ser-
mon and vespers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near
fourth— Father P. S. Casey.
rning — Sermon on the Gospel. Evening —
'espers, benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father Nugent.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers and benediction.
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue— Father Coyle.
Morning — Sermon and high mass at 10:80
o'clock. Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
6C Teresa's. Tennessee and Butte streets-
Rev. P. C. O'Connell.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street, near
Stockton— Marist Fathem.
Mornlng— High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening-
Vespers and sermon.
Christian. Mission and '.
ev. F. S. Ford.
-"Righteousness by Faith." Even-
'e Shall Therefore Become Per-
ing-"
feet."
West Side Christian, Bush street.
Devlsadero — Rev. D. A. Russell.
Morning- — Services at 11 o'clock. Evening
— Sermon and Instruction by the rector.
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
(Morning — "Our Anchoring Hope." Evening
—"Brightness and Blessing Even In a
Begging Tour."
Bethlehem Congregational, Vermont street,
near Twenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "Be Careful of Nothing, etc."
Evening— "If the Righteous Scarcely Be
Saved, Where Shall the Ungoldly and the
Sinner Appear?"
jregatlonal. Seventh av
street— Rev. P. Coombe.
lornlng— Sermon by the Rev. S. W. Wiley.
Evening — Sermon y the Rev. John Thomp-
son. D.D.
Oltvet Congregational, Seventeenth
Noe streets— Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
j Morning— "Moral Energy."
llg-ous Zeal."
Evening— "Re-
First Congregational, Post
streets— P.ev. G. C. Adams.
and
Maaon
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock. Evening-
Song service of welcome to the rector.
Third Congregational, Fifteenth street.
Mission— Rev. William Racier.
Morning— "Saints and Sinners." Evening—
"The Colonial Policy of the United
States."
Plymouth Congregational, Post street, near
Webster— Rev. F. B. Cheringtoo.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Same.
Evening
Church of the Advent, Eleventh street.
Market— Rev. J. A. Emery.
Song service.
rector.
Evening —
Grace Episcopal, California and Stockton
streets— Rev. R. C. Foute.
Morning — Communion service at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Festival service, followed by
sermon.
St. Luke's, Van Ness avenue and Clay
street— Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning— Sermon and communion service.
Evening — Sermon and prayer service.
Bt. Cornelius Chapel. Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning — Special service for the soldiers.
Evening — Sermon and Instruction.
Bt. John the EvangeliBt, Fifteenth street,
near Valencia— Rev. E. B. Spalding.
Morning — Divine service and sermon at 11.
Evening — Sermon by the pastor.
Bt. Mary the Virgin, Union and Bteiner
streets— Rev. H. Parriso.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7: JO
o'clock; high mass and sermon at 11.
Evening — Evensong and sermon at 8.
St. Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
[ornlng— 11 o'clock, sermon by Rev. Charles
Hitchcock of San Rafael. Evening — Even-
song with sermon by the rector on the
coming election.
St. Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Flllmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
[ornlng— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by the
rector. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal. Bush and Gough streets
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
I Morning — Holy communion at 11 o'clock.
i Evening— Sermon and Instruction.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church.
Twelfth and Stevenson streets — Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning — "Our Manner of Life to Be
Worthy of the Gospel of Jesus Cnriat."
Evening— "Paul Before Felix." to be fol-
lowed by song service.
i Lutheran, Geary street,
r . E. Nelander.
Morning— "Bringing In the Sheaves." Even-
ing— "Heielclah."
California Street M. E. Church, California
and Brodenck streets— Frederic C. Lee.
Morning— "Darkness Rather Than Light."
Evening— "How to Vote and Who to Vot«
For."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church. Mis-
sion street, between Firth and Sixth— Rev.
C. E. Locke.
Morning — "Beginning at Jerusalem."
Evening— "Enemies of the Home, eto."
First M. E. Church, Powell and
lngton Streets— Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Waah-
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
— Song service and sermon.
Evening
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street — Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon, followed by religion* in-
struction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp streets — Rev. J. N. Beard.
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening
Same.
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home). Howari street, near Third— Rev.
3 A. B. Wilson.
Mornlng — Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
Ing — Sermon by the rector.
Potrero M. E. Church. Tennessee
streets— Rev. 1>. W. Chllsou.
Morning— Sabbath service at 11. Evening
— Sermon and Instruction at t o'clock by
the pastor.
Methodist, Fourth avenu
street— Rev. G. W. Beatty.
[orning— Service* at 11. Evening— Prayer
service, followed by sermon.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavla— Rev. C. R.
Rlddlck.
Morning — Sermon by the rector. Evening-
Same.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
■■ Morning — Sermon by the rector at 11 o'clock.
Evening — Sermon, followed by prayer ser-
vice.
Simpson Memorial M. E. Church, Hayes
and Buchanan streets — Rev. J. Stephens.
! Morning — Sermon by Rev. A. C. Bane, the
; evangelist. Evening— Sermon by same.
Starr King A. M. E. Zlon Church, Stockton
street, near Clay— Rev. F. Bruno.
Morning— Sermon and instruction by the
rector. Evening— Sermon and prayer ser-
vice.
Franklin Street Presbyterian. Fr
Vullejo streets — Rev. D. James.
sermon
f same.
by the rector.
Calvary Presbyterian. Geary and Powell
streets — Rev. J. Hemphlll.
Morning — Services at 11 o'clock.
Special, song service.
Evening—
First Presbyterian Church, Van Ness ave-
nue and Sacramento street— Rev. R, Mac-
kenzie.
Morning — Sermon by the rector at the 11
o'clock service; Sunday school at 12-45
Evening— Y. P. S. C. E. at 6:U; sermon at
7:30 by the pastor.
First United Presbyterian. Oolden Gate iMornine— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Even-
avenue and Polk street. I ing — Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez and
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-
nolds.
Morning — Sermon by Professor Thomas F.
Day.. D.D.. of San Ansel mo Seminary.
Evening— Some.
Trinity Presbyterian. Twenty-third
Capp streets — Rev. A. N. Carson.
and
Morning — Sermon and instruction by the
rector. Evening — Song service and sermon
by the rector.
lemorial Presbyterian, Eli
and Railroad avenue— Rev.
by the rector. Evening—
prayer service.
Even song
Mispah Presbyterian. Harrison street.
Fifth— Rev. F. A. Doane.
Morning— Divine service and sermon at 11
o'clock. Evening— Sermon and Instruction
by the rector.
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and
streets— Rev. P. R. Farrand.
lornmg — "Sacrament of the Lord's Sup-
f>er" ; reception of new members. Even-
ng— A grand temperance rally, address
by Mrs. Thomson, State Evangelist of
the W. C. T. U.
Btewart Memorial U. P. Church,
street, near Twenty-third— Rev.
Dugan.
Morning — "The Why Nots of Lite." Even-
ing— "Hearthstone Prayer."
Westminster Presbyterian, Pag* and Web-
ster street*— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— "A. Glorious Morning." Evening
—"The Only Man," followed by an evan-
gelistic service.
St John's Presbyterian, California and Oo-
tavia street*— Rev. R. Llddell.
ng— Sermon by the Rev. D. M. Gll-
Evenln*— «: 30 o'clock, meeting of
Christian Endeavor Society.
First Unitarian, Geary and
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
[ornlng— Sunday school at 10:30 o'clock; di-
vine service at 11. Evening:— There Is no
evening service In this church.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth
•treete— Rev. A. J. Well*
and
•"The Name We Win." Evening—
ou "Jonah," by the Rev. N. J. B.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 6, 1898.
_ . ),_ , KALE'S. " _' -_ .; ; •■•■;' .- [\
tend your name and address for our illustrated booklet, free. "Ye turkey, how to cook and bow to carve it," first edition 15,000. JJSIS&k
I m\9^ "fnrunrrl rmrrh " thafs {he order £ iven to the head of every
s>^ > Mr^\ lUlWdlll !!ldlU! ? dept. in these huge stores: the linen buyer
<^\jK>s| \ prepares for thanksgiving linen, and the fancy dept. shows new
jotm » neckwear, gloves and ribbons for the football enthusiasts: our
toy buyer is preparing for Xmas: every salesperson knows our stocks are now all in, and a great fall trade is
before us: next Thursday, Friday and Saturday our mid-autumn millinery opening takes place: new creations
after Parisian dictates:
thanksgiving means good table linen: housewives know flale's as "the linen house:"
linen
attractions: (awes.)
table damaak, unbleached; 69 AQr* xrA
lnahea wide, fine weave J **
bleached table damask, 6Z Inches
wide, all lln<>n, pure bleach, va- BA/i
riety patterns Uv/v
bleached table damask. extra 7C/.
heavy, 66 Inches wide, all linen C «Jw
Just in— 2oo damask table sets, hemstitched,
fine weave and pure white, one do*. 20-
inch napkins to match, three sizes,
S-4. 95. 10-4, 96. U-4. 96.T0 set.
better sets, hemstitched damask, at; linen.
latest designs, napkins, 20*4 inches square,
to match, two sizes,
8-10, 811 JSO set. l-11. 51 2. 80 set.
160 dos. damask napkins, bleached. CI
% size, per do* *P ■
fWe shall issue this week a little booklet.
"Te turkey, how to cook and how to carve
It"! write for one.)
S corset comfort and a perfect figure, three dollars! fiji^
\ we take pleasure in introducing a new corset. Hale's kld-flttlng, unbreakable corset tfves steady wear with * **y J& .
C/> i \^^ML^*"^f\ { daily satisfaction. It is Intended for ladies who are hard on corsets; it is covered with fine black sateen, silk *—^il^L
/ V Irwi — I flossed top and bottom, closely stripped with best watch spring steel. All steels are covered with canton flan- ~jM jjjffi.^^.
/y\ I tVJv&iZS*—* nel consequently it is not possible for them to push through top or bottom. Made In four lengths, C^l -„!- ME ;gi.
V 9 *\p\& 'P Jt Z*3!*\. short, medium, long and extra long; 4, sor 6 hook lengths ~ ** /c ' F uu T*P^% W
jr\ \ see our doll advt. in to=day's Bulletin: see the dolls! jfiyTm^
J \ VS. little things worth knowing, Just now, save you time and trouble ~^jp-E> "*j l^^^^af^^H
I \ >/ there are going to be thousands of orders pouring in to us from all overthe Pacific Coast for goods for Thanksgiving >v / feN |»
/ \ an( Xmas- write your orders plainly and on one side of your paper; write your full name and address very plain- >( W y^M
/ \ **^ iy. enclose the full amount of your order and add postage or freight. Club together and save freight; read our \. r- yw|
/ J\ i catalogue. You don't fully realize how easy shopping by mail is until you deal with. Hales. Above all. send or- N \tlylilf
937-939-941-943-945-947 Market Street. - *;'" • fs :
SERVICES THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.— Continued.
y. M. C A. Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets.
S p. m.— Inauguration of a course of spe-
cial lectures for young men, by the Rev.
James Curry, D.D. First topic, "What
About a Supreme Being? God or Atheism.
Which?"
Flnrt Church of Christ, Scientist. 22
street— The Bible and Science and
With Key to the Scriptures.
— ___ ____ — <$>
Morning— "Mortal* and Immortals." Even- <§>
Ing— "Hesekiah'i Prayer Answered. " <8>
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
By HENRY JAMES
Since the exigencies of politics have
chucked my department to a back
page, the impulse to cease writing has
been overcome with difficulty. To the
faithful friends who have followed
me here I am grateful, and express the
wavering hope that they have been
paid for their trouble.
• • a
To the most of the troops who came
here with the expectation of being sent
to Manila San Francisco has said fare
well. It was a farewell tinged with
regret. There was not when they
sailed the wild enthusiasm provoked
by the presence of war. The men went,
not to fight an enemy, but 'to the pro
saic duty which falls to troops in
the time of peace. When patriotism
was in the air, flags flying, the volun
teers looked upon as heroes and
welcomed as brothers, to start away
was an easy matter. There was an in
tensity of feeling which left scant op
portunity for repining. The latest
boys to go were not impelled by the
hope of doing valorous deeds. There
was drudgery ahead of them, not
glory, and yet they went without com
plaining and with cheers. The char
acteristic zest with which they set out
was as Indicative of high-grade citi
zenship as had been the rush and up
roar of the beginning. They went
with the good wishes and good will of
the city. In the months they were
here they behaved well. Individuals
had been guilty of indiscretion, but as a
body every, regiment had been a credit
to the State from which it came and
to the great country over which floats
the flag all were ready to defend. Even
the roystering observed should not be
too heavily charged against the sol
diers. They treated others better than
they were treated. Many of them
reached here poorly clad, shoeless, un
equipped. They were put in a camp
swept by winds, which brought death
from the ocean, where there was no
drainage, and illness was soon the
common portion. Many and many a
time were there details whose duty it
was to flre a volley over the grave of a
comrade. All were bitterly disap
pointed that instead of being hurried
to the front they were to be detained
in camp for an indefinite period. The
first payday was long in arriving. It
found the volunteers homesick, weary
of a new and strange routine, with the
glamour gone from military life. When
at last they got their money harpies
flocked about them. They were lured
Into deadfalls, robbed by men and
woman, plied with whisky unfit for use
in doctoring a sick horse. No wonder
there was an occasional disturbance. It
was natural enough that after having
been victimized the soldiers should
have visited some of the haunts of
crime and cleaned them out, with the
breaking of heads and furniture. The
ladies of the Red Cross were to the
volunteers from the start as minister
ing angels, and were appreciated. Of
ficers were received in the best homes
of the city, and lasting friendships
formed. Veterans of the Civil War, re
gardless of the side on which they
f ought, have here clasped bands and
| HALES.
domestic
features: laMc3
700 yards toweling, all linen, bleached, 16 ftr*
Inches wide, red border, yard VJw
100 do«. huck towels, fins weave, 15x38, f iX/—
fringed; each VJTW,
new flannelettes, In light and medium *9 'Xr*
colors, fancy stripes, checks and plaids C 2 w
1500 eheetß hemmed, for double beds,
good quality muslin, two-inch hem,
hand torn, dry Ironed, ready for use, A O/->
81x90 Inches "*v
800 pillow cases, large sis*. 60x88
Inches, good, quality muslin, .two-inch ff|/-»
hem; each lvfW
unbleached canton flannel. 80 Inches
wide, extra heavy quality, 20 yards to *7 r»
each customer, per yard €■ w
60 dor. damask towels,'' all linen, IS/.
knotted fringe, colored border, 20x41.. ltlv
160 do«. napkins. 18 Inches square,
suitable for restaurants— desirable *7^f*
for Increased trade coming— dozen * UV
drunk a toast to the stars and stripes.
Altogether the presence of the volun
teers has had an effect in promoting
fraternity, in binding sections, in let
ting the South say to the North,
"There is no line between us," and the
South respond, "We know it." People
had become accustomed to the canvas
city out toward the Golden Gate,
and with a feeling of sadness note
that it has vanished. They miss the
picturesque parades, the tramp of
armed men, the thunder of galloping
hoofs. And whenever sounds the
bugle note among the Presidio hills it
recalls to tender memory those who
have gone.
• • •
Among the poems of the year Is that
of Mrs. Rose-Soley, "How We Took
Khartoum." It was published first in
The Call and almost simultaneously in
the London Speaker, having since been
extensively copied. I make no pre
tense of being a critic able to analyze
a poem and give to each characteristic
phrase a technical name, but reading
verse which has the stamp of genius
I recognize the stamp. Mis. Rose-So
ley has been in this city for more than
a year, during which time she has done
much work of excellence both in poetry
and prose. There is hardly a proba
bility that she will receive much ap
preciation here, but there is no reason
in this circumstance why she should
feel discouraged.
• • •
VisaHa's local lyre got thrashed the
other day, but so far as may be Judged
its string was not busted during the
operation.
• • •
Professor Charles Eliot Norton Is a
traitor. It seems to me he is the most
despicable citizen who finds undeserved
shelter beneath the flag which most of
us respect, while others, if failing in
this particular, have the grace of
silence. Norton is an open-mouthed,
unthinking, wordy and noisome nuis
ance. He should be exiled. He is not
fit to have a country. Yet this verbose
and irritating creature, through his
connection *~ith Harvard, is able to se
cure an audience and his treasonable
rant is put upon the wires every time
he has a fresh spasm of disloyalty.
Occasionally It is a pleasure to analyze
the mistaken utterances of a man and
point out to him pleasantly the error
of his way. To argue with Norton or
about him would be a waste of time
and space. I would not even go to the
trouble to cite his childish flapdoodle
and refute It. There are plenty of sane
men with whom to enjoy contention.
• • •
An exchange remarks that there are
several thousand words In the English
language which have no rhymes to
them, and cites the fact to prove that
the poets, of whom he is a distin
guished one, have troubles of their
own. I withhold sympathy. In the
first place there are not several thou
sand words so blessedly constituted that
the rhymster cannot monkey with
them, and if there were there would
still remain more than he could put to
good use. A poem devoid of a central
thought win i.Jt appeal to the mind.
When the poet grabs a thought and
cannot find melody and lilt upon the
bosom of which to set It afloat let him
turn it over to somebody who is con
I * HALES.
little aids
to beauty :
1000 yards 18-inch silk mesh veiling, dotted and
plain. In fancy tuxedo and fishnet; colors
black, brown, navy, cream; also - 27-inch
silk veiling in tuxedo, mesh, with che-
nille dots; colors brown, • navy Iff/. V 'l
and cream r. *Ov J v
62 dozen ladies* all pure linen, embroidered,
scalloped lace and gage of hem- OAr.
stitched bordered handkerchief; each.. -*i VJW
ladles' frill blouse fronts with stock col-
lar, of shirred liberty silk, in nlle. white,
black, blue, lavender, pink and fir I Off,
mals; each tJ>»»^»O
2-clasp ladles' real french kid pique glove,
quirked fingers and 8-row embroidered backs;
colors black, tan, mode, brown, gray; enKlish
red. navy green, new blue, oxblood. <J? 1 tZf\
colors, 5% to 7 tf> l»*J\J
black, 5& to 7% - Pair
2-clasp pique, engllsh walking glove, C? 1
handsomely embroidered and quirked... <J> «
tent to writ* prose and sell it at space
rates.
• • •
Religious papers representing certain
sects are discussing with some anima
tion the custom of tithe-giving. There
seems to be a tendency to decry it, and
this tendency is worthy of encourage
ment. On the basis of devoting a cer
tain proportion of income to charity
and good works the burden will fall
upon thos<* whose incomes are small.
The rich would object to it on princi
ple. Let the amount to be exacted
from them assume the form of a. defi
nite tax, and to evade it would not be
regarded as a 6in, but an evidence of
financial acumen. People who feel like
giving will give, and those who don't
won't, and that's all there is to the
matter.
A current bit of newspaper gossip is
that a South African nabob is having
constructed a bicycle for which he will
pay $276,000. This he intends to pre
sent to his wife. Probably the story is
untrue, but if true, I hope the lady will
accept the wheel, get a divorce and
marry somebody whose brain pan is
not filled with mush.
• • •
Now that biographies of the Rev.
John Hall have ceased to float through
the daily prints, I would like to ask
what Christ and his disciples would
have done with the $50,000 income of
the late preacher. It interests me to
speculate how they would have fitted
their environment if with sandaled feet
they had strayed into the splendid edi
fice where rich men sat sedate while
their thoughts turned to the market,
and rich women bowed heads adorned
with the latest in millinery. I do not
think that, save for a divine prescience,
they would have known what sort of a
place they had struck. Certainly there
would not have been in the surround
ings any suggestion of meekness and
lowliness. It is the blessed privilege of
each to participate in such form of
worship as may to his own conscience
seem good. Perhaps there is warrant
for all the magnincence and flubdub. I
certainly do not venture to say it is
not the highest and best as it is the
most comfortable and stylish method
of offering praise and petition. Yet it
can hardly be believed that the flpher
men of old, wandering by the sea of
Galilee, and each touched with the gift
of prophecy, ever looked forwaiu >.o
seeing the gospel so beautifully staged.
It Is a pleasure to note that the
Searchlight of Redding has grown
away from a condition which it de
scribes as plsrnatic. I have not been
able to ascertain what this condition is
like, but evidently it is less satisfactory
than the one which has been reached,
and therefore congratulations are freely
tendered.
Perhaps if the editor of the Davis
ville Enterprise were to think again he
would not say this: "There are not
enough quiet, womanly women in our
country to-day to supply the demand
that exists for them, and the men are
compelled to take what there is, or go
without." lam not conscious of any
thrill of sympathy for the poor men
suffering for lack of worthy compan
ionship. In fact, it seems to me that
women in becoming wives run risks
even more serious than fall to the lot
of the male who, with fear and tremb
ling lest he draw a blank, permits him
self to be coaxed to the altar. If the
average wife is not better than the av
erage husband, more faithful to her
vows, more devoted to the home life in
which she becomes a central figure, my
study of human relationship has led to
wrong conclusions. When a man mar
ries, the likelihood is that he will get
somebody too good for him, and if he
is worrying about the possibility of
awarding his precious self to a woman
not deserving of the honor, let him
calm his fears. The woman alsc takes
chances. However, the Davlsville edi
tor may be in a measure excused. He
had been inspired to write by having
read of the females who wear belts
made of human skin.
• • •
Ac Eastern woman, who having wit-
I HALES.
here's notions
worth taking:
Trenton Safety Pin, with a shield; No. i,
2%c dozen; No. 2V 2 , 3c dozen; No. 3, 4c dozen.
Klrby Bead English Hairpin, plain and | (\{>
crimped, 3 papers for EVfW
Century Corset Shields, Nos. 2 and 8. pair.. 25c
Aluminum Thimbles, each le
Challenge Hooks and Eyes, of braes wire
and guaranteed not to rust, black or
white; Nos. 3 or 4, 2 doz on a card, for.. Be
Eagle Pins (none better), per paper 3c
Fancy Lisle Frilled Elastic, In plaids and
fancy mixtures, also plain colors, yard.. Be
Horn Bone Hairpins, 8 Inches long 200
Ladles' Stockinette Dress Bhields, No. »,
per pair 6o
New Manhattan Skirt Binding, per yard.. Bo
Ladles' Gored Satin Belt Hose Supporters,
with button clasp and frilled elastic,
pair 23e
Lenox Corset Steels, of clock spring steel,
with one Inch back protector, covered
with heavy black drill, each 4o
nessed a game of college football, was
so horrified that she changed h,er will
and cut out a legacy of $5000 Intended
for the Institution, was too severe. She
should have diverted the fund so as to
have It employed to equip a hospital.
• • •
Here is a gem. I have quoted from
the same singer before, but in this in
stance his Muse seems to have been
gingered up anew:
A RESTLESS CHAP.
Behold him as he struts about
With hands stuck In his pockets;
And note how his eyeballs do squirm
About within iheir sockets.
I cannot forbear calling attention to
the nicety of thought, construction and
phrase. The third line particularly Is
a thing of beauty and would be a joy
forever if one did not forget it sooner.
The poetry in the idea of eyeballs
which so squirm, gets into the soul.
They accomplish this squirming in
their own sockets, too, which is the
only seemly course. If they were, for
instance, to pop out on the floor and do
their squirming act there, they might
not only startle beholders, but get
stepped on and spoiled.
• • *
Now that the campaign is nearly over
there will be the possibility of speak
ing of the Examiner not as the sworn
enemy, but a journal to be admired. I
am glad that it has outlined the na
tional policy, so that the administration
can know what to do. The Examiner
has annexed Hawaii, undertaken the
building of a mighty navy, secured
strategic bases in the West Indies,
started Annapolis on the way toward
being a great university, contemplates
doing the same for West Point, and
intends to dig the Nicaragua canal.
These are not only large schemes, but
the modesty of their announcement by
the author and editor of them is
marked by a becoming modesty, for hs
controls larger type than he uses in
making it. There only remains tha
regret that the public is left In doubt
as to what the Examiner contemplates
doing with the Philippines, its instruc
tions to the Peace Commission, and
whether it will bounce Alger. Not only
is it modest, but sweetly mild. It has
permitted Shatter to stay in the army.
The running of the United States is
no inconsiderable task. Ido not join
In condemnation of the Examiner that
it should have allowed Europe to be
worried by a war cloud, and Vesuvius
to spout to the discomfort of the
worthy peasant and the cooking of his
ungarnered garden truck. No doubt
when the war cloud shall have van
ished, and the lava streams cooled, we
will learn that the Examiner did it all.
It is not the sort of sheet to be toot
ing its own horn in advance.
• • •
A writer In Good Health has had the
goodness to consider at much length
the stomach as a factor in evolution.
She remarks that primitive man lived
on raw fruits, nut's and simple grains,
and in this characteristic seems to find
something to admire. Primitive man is
also to be admired that a prehensile
tail enabled him to dangle from a limb.
It may be that we should envy the
state where he had advanced suffi
ciently to wear a breech clout on full
dress occasions. As a matter of fact,
primitive man ate what nature, unas
sisted, provided, simply because he had
not sense enough to prepare anything
else. For man to go back now to the
diet he endured while emerging from
monkeyhood would be as idiotic as for
him to climb a tree and chatter. I be
lieve that writers who tell other peo
ple what they should eat are guilty of
more absolute and Inexcusable silliness
than any other writers in the world.
Let them regale themselves on berries
or moss, craunch the succulent bark,
distend their inwards with the grass of
the field as another crank did; but why
can't they attend to their own business
and allow a person intellectually so
equipped that a monkey bill of fare
fails to appeal to him swallow In peace
that which suits him? The writer here
inbefore mentioned says primitive man
bad no tuberculosis, appendicitis, tootk
_ HALES.
introduce these to
Mr. Turkey:
Ivory handle, steel blade carvlnsr set.
three pieces, knife, fork and $4.50
Carving set of three pieces, satin - finish
handle, steel blade knife, CO OK
fork and steel ;.... t{>O»-4«>
Bone handle carving' set, steel blade, pol-
ished, three pieces, knife, fork <£ Q
and steel M ....... ....~...... tpO
Stag handle carving set, steel G?C% *7PZ
blade, three pieces tj>^s» C O
Russell's steel blade, bone han- <£ | PS A
die table knives In sets of 6..«J>I»OVr
1847 table knives, silver plated, (PI *7 EZ.
satin finish, set of 8 O I • C <*
Stag handle carving set. steel C*f CitS
blade, 2 pieces qliZO
Celluloid white handle table C?Q PZf\
knives and forks, set of 6.. tjjO»OVf
Celluloid white handled dessert fir 1 AA
knives, set of 6 tJ>l»cfvF
ache or any of the ilia which tend to
shorten life to-day. But he's dead, isn't
he? Possibly he expired of Joy at real
izing the perfection of his dietlc sys
[ tern, or of pain at the thought that
some time his posterity would assume
to break away from the regimen so sat
isfactory to a low-browed Simian fresh
from the jungle. As to the passing ills
this primitive pattern of gustatory
virtue may have suffered, I do not see
how the writer in Good Health knows.
The primitive chap, among the other
advantages vouchsafed him — and fully
as much to be grateful for as being able
to dine off nuts — had the joy of being
illiterate. Unless there happened to be
perpetuated the impression of his heel
in the mud, he neglected to leave any
record, and even this impression could
hardly be construed as a personal mem
orandum of his primitive emotions.
However, for the people who enjoy be
ing told what to eat, the person will
ing to tell them is a boon, j? or myself.
I have neVer happened to know any
of these theorists who were not erratio
and dyspeptic semi-lunatics, full of
aches and pangs as of fool notions.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
" THE CREDIT HO USE"
Six Stones High
HI |At/l>^v7jJ r ' ffn
A light and graceful
chair, mahogany finish,
upholstered seat. . It's a
parlor idea, f0r. . . . .....51 ,35
Everything that's new or good in !
metal beds, we have; our old standby,
in white enamel, brass trimmings, is a
"seller" at......... ... .................. $2.75
Time to think of Thanksgiving,
and turkey, and good things generally.
Time for a table ' to take . turkey ': oh.
Six-foot extension dining tab1e... 52.45
You can buy Christmas things now, .
while there is better chance for selec-
tion, and have them delivered any day.
Ladies' writing desk, solid 0ak...... J0
";\ CARPf T DEPARTMENT "\f.
Carloads of : carpets are in our new
annex^-the result of a- year's buying
of ,the best to be had. V Lots of light,
and more "room than - ever to show the ,
designs. You 1 can't have a : carpet
want we cannot meet.
. \ Free delivery, Oakland, AUmeda, Berktlty
M. FRIEDMAN d CO;
/ 233 to 237 Post St.. S. F. *a
• Open evenings ■■• Near Stockton