VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 47.
ADHERENTS OF CARLOS
WITH WEYLER'S FRIENDS
BACK HAVANA RIOTERS
The Royal House of Spain Trembles in the Shock of the
Contending Factions Fighting Fiercely About the
Throne of the Spanish Bourbons.
A birdseye view of Florida Straits, showing Key West with Fort Taylor in the left foreground— The Dry
Tortugas on the right, with the Cuban coast and Havana in the distance— Off Key West are the United States
war vessels Maine, Marblehead, Montgomery and Detroit, while off the Dry Tortugas are the New York, lowa,
Texas, Indiana and Massachusetts, which have come down for squadron-drill purposes. On either side of
Morro Castle is a Spanish war vessel patrolling the coast, with New York and New Orleans steamers inbound
for Havana
WEYLER CONSPIRES
WITH THE CARLISTS.
MADRID, Jan. lo.— lt has come to light that the recent riots In
Cuba are the outcome of a preconceived conspiracy worked from here,
the object beinjr t>> show that autonomy 1« unpopular, to turn out the
Liberal Government, and to restore General TVeyler to Cuba, with Ro-
Etobledo as Prime Minister. In case of intervention, which wag
counted upon as a possibility, the conspirators looked with equa
nimity on a disastrous national rising and the fall of the dynasty, with
the ("arlists arriving to restore order.
Senor Robledo, foiled, is now preparing an address to the Queen
Repent, to which he will attach his name, asking that the present
B hf called and giving as a reason the discontent evinced In
against autonomy and probably suggesting 1 a reactionary regime
and Genernl Wevler's return to Cuba.
In Governmental circled here, much h'>pe is based upon the United
States being favorable toward influencing the insurgents to pause in
their activity and give the Cubans a chance of saying whether or not
they wish for autonomy. The Government has staked its exi?'
iip^n the id^a that autonomy means peace and hopes that recent reve
lations of the opponents of autonomy will show they are the enemies
of America, as of the Liberal Spanish policy.
This evening thousands of cards are being circulated wherever peo
ple gather. The front picture shows General Weyler, covered with dec
orations and In full uniform, bearing the flag of Spain and an olive
branch, on which is inscribed the words, "Viva Weyler; retrato con sor
presa." The back Is apparently blank, but when held to the light it
shows the figure of Don Carlos on a magnificent charger, with the
words, "Dios Patria y Rey." This tells the whole tale.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Count
de Pen&losa was a passenger on
board the steamer La Gascogne
when she sailed to-day for
Havre. The Count, who came to
this country about two months
ago a* thf avowed ajrc-nt of Don
Carlos, pretender to the Spanish
throne, has spent the most of his
time while here in visiting arms
manufactories in the East. He
has frequently put forward the
prediction that within the year
Don Carlos will be the acknow
ledged King of Spain.
HAVANA, Jan. 15. — Havana to-day is
at least outwardly calm, after three
days of tumult and threatened conflict
between the populace, backed by the
suppressed sympathy of volunteers,
and Governor-General Blanco. At no
time during these trying days has
there been any indication of immediate
danger to the lives of Americans. Al
though I have been present at every
collision between the troops and the
people, I have not heard a single anti-
American outcry.
While the disorder has been persist
ent, the rioting has not been of a very
, violent type, as evidenced by the fact
-that no liven have beeß lost and but
• few persons wounded, an* the destrvc
tion of proptrty has been trifling. It
te tru« that the significance of the sit
uation lies In the fact that the violence
of the mob, unarmed as it has been,
The San Francisco Call
FROM KEY WEST TO HAVANA.
and at no time numerically formidable,
is beyond visible expression a protest
against General Blanco's rule and the
newly implanted autonomical regime,
which is prevalent not only among the
populace and the volunteers, but in the
army itself.
Although quiet now reigns, there is
only too great reason to fear that the
end has not yet come. What the Gov
ernment fully realizes is that the mob,
which could at any time have been dis
persed by a handful of police, by no
means represents the strength of the
movement. This is proved by the fact
that it has been deemed necessary to
draft fully 6000 regulars into the city
from the country, in addition to strong
bodies of Guardia Civlles and Order
PuMicos. and that since Wednesday
night Havana has been an armed
camp.
That the threatened conflict with the
volunteers has been averted is due, in
a great measure, to the firm attitude
and diplomacy of General Parrado, as
sistant captain-general ex offlcio, in
command of the volunteers.
Throughout the disturbances the ani
mating spirit of the mob has been en
thusiasm for General Weyler and a de
i mand for the vigorous prosecution of
: the war. Ott General IManco and thf
new government the foulest abuse and
the bitterest iniprecatlona have been
{ poured out. Officers of the volunteers
with whom I have talked make no ae.
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
cret of their determination to proceed
to .any length to force the resignation
or recall of General Blanco.
Bo fnr the army has remained loyal,
but there in no question that discon
tent with General Blanco is prevalent
In all ranks. The fact that the
eminent has released all the officers
concerned in th<* outbreak is r*>irrird"d
as an evidence of weakness. It is ru
mored to-day that an understanding
exists between the army and th<- volun
teers, and the latter are planning an
armed demonstration to-morrow with
the intention of compelling General
Blanco to take refuge on the cruiser
Alfonso XII.
La Lucha yesterday published a tele
gram, censored at the palace, statin*
i that General Lee had informed his
' Government that tranquility reljuned in
! Havana. I showed this to Genera]
j Lee. and he said he had never sent any
, such telegram. *
General Lee said that, while he did
not think the situation at present de
manded the presence of a warship, yet
he thought it was bo serious that he
dispatched three or four telegrams
daily to Washington describing the sit
uation.
General Lee Is also highly Indignant
at a telegram published in La Lucha.
purporting to come from Washington,
and stating that General Lee direct
ly offered the services of an American
warship for the protectirm of Spanish
lives and property, and that General
Blanco had said such aid was not re
quired. This telegram General Lee de
nounced as absolutely perverted.
•What 1 did do," said General Lee,
"was to send a message to the palace
that unless they gave me assurance
they were able to guarantee the lives
and property of Americans here during
the riots, I would cable for a warship,
and have one here pretty quick, too."
General Lee said he did not think the
disturbances were at an end.
AM ERIC AN INTERESTS
TO BE PROTECTED
BY THE PRESIDENT.
// Spain Cannot Hold Cuba Then McKinley
Will See Whether He Can Buy
the Island.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15— A Washing,
ton special to the Herald says: The
report received from Consul-General
Lee to-day was of the most reassuring
character as to the present condition
of affairs, as were also the cablegrams
received by Minister De Lome. But
notwithstanding the pacific character
of these reports, there is no denying
that thf authorities view the situation
with more or less concern. They do
ndt wish to do anything: tending to
hamper the Spanish authorities in their
efforts to push their autonomous pol
icy, but being doubtful of its success,
the President and his department
chiefs are doing everything which pru
dence dictates for a crisis if it comes.
The protection of Americans and
American interests is the keynote of
the general plan so far as interference
by the United Stm^s is concerned. Tf
war vessels are s -nt to Havana, the
authorities all declare that it will be
solely for the purpose of protecting
American interests. If conditions arise
showing the loss of Spain's control over
Cuba, it is the purpose of the President
to use peaceful m^ans of intervention
rather than forcible ones. An effort will
be made by diplomatic negotiations to
Induce Spain to i rant Independence to
the island through the means of pur
chase.
Assistant Secretary Roosevelt hns
been in consultation with Major Gen
eral Miles and Acting Secretary of War
Meiklejohn concerning plans for unity
of action by the army and navy in case
of emergency. Miles said to-day that
the War Department is neither asleep
nor unduly active The army is con
stantly kept in a high state of efficien
cy, and the troops at various posts are
ready for active service at an hour's
notice.
The battleship Texas sailed from New
York at 2 o'clock this afternoon to Join
the North Atlantic squadron. Admiral
Sicard has been granted permission by
Secretary Long to delay the sailing of
the squadron from Hampton Roads
until to-morrow in order that the
Texas may Join It off the Chesapeake
Capes.
AN INSURGENT GENERAL
KILLED BY HIS MEN
IN PINAR DEL RIO.
It /s Said Also That His Chief of Staff Has
Surrendered to the Spanish
Authorities.
HAVANA. Jan- 15.— A dispatch re
ceived from Spanish sources In Pinar
' del Rio says the insurgent Brigadier
General Perico Delgado has been kill
ed by his followers, and that his chief
, of staff, Louis Lopez Marlin, has sur
rendered to the Spanish authorities.
Senor Antonio Govin. the Cuban law
yer, who has been appointed Minister
of the Interior in the autonomous Cab
inet, arrived here to-day.
Captain General Blanco has issued a
circular ordering that each battalion of
infantry be strengthened by 125 men, to
be recruited in their respective locali
ties by the generals of divisions. These
; recruits will be obliged to serve nix
months, and will receive the same pay
ap the regular soldiers. The circular
also orders that the local guerrillas are
to double their numbers under the
same conditions us when organized.
A dippatch from San Juan de las
Yereas, province of Santa Clara, an
, nounces that the Insurgent leader, Lo
j-elo Cepero, a naturalised American
j citizen, has surrendered to the Spanish
autborites.
LILIUOKALANI
WRITES UPON
HER PEOPLE
LILIUOKALANI.
FIERCE FIGHT
WAGED AGAINST
JUDGE McKENNA
It Is Not Believed the Opposition
Can Muster Sufficient Strength
to Compass His Defeat.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— A special to
the Commercial Advertiser from
Washington says: A stout fight is
being made against the confirmation of
the nomination of Attorney-General
McKenna to be. Associate Justice of
the United States Supreme Court, but
It does not appear that the opponents
of the confirmation will be able to
muater a majority in the Senate. By
agreement reached yesterday a vote
will be taken next Friday and Mc-
Kenna's friends are confident that on
the ballot he will be confirmed easily.
The strongest opposition omes from
Western Senators. Mr. Allen of Neb
raska thus far has done almost all the
talking in executive session, and while
denouncing the assault on McKenna
because of his religion, has based his
criticism on the frequency with which
Mr. McKenna's decisions while he was
United States Circuit Judge were set
aside.
Attacks on McKenna because he
happens to be a Roman Catholic cut
no figure In the Senate. The only crit
icism which has any weight is that
brought forward by Senator Allen and
other Senators who have been Inform
ed that on the Pacific Slope the legal
NEWS OF THE DAY
Weather forecast for San Fran- , -
claco: Temporarily clear on Sunday,
with increasing cloudiness. ■•
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco ....46 decrees
Portland 48 degree* ■_:.!-
Los Angeles 62 degrees I .
Ban Diego 68 degrees - 
FIRST PAGE.
A Conspiracy of the Carlists. ■;«•
Fierce Fight on McKenna. .
Lllluokalanl'p New Book.- -
SECOND PAGE.
Counterfeiter Proud of His. Work.'
Baird Takes Up Life Anew.
Über Lynchers Tremble.
Accident End* a Bike Race.
THIRD PAGE.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Andrews' Slayer to Die.
General Booth In America.
Uncle Sam Needs Docks.
Scientists Talk of Controlling Sex.
FOURTH PAGE.
Relief Goes to Dawson.
Ran Francisco Hospital a Disgrace. ;
Money for the Army.
To Set Sailors Free.
Farmers Welcome the Rain.
Paradise nt Fort.Romle.
Charles M. Shortridge Dying.
FIFTH PAGE.
A Prisoner Who Would Not Escape. *
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Why t
Soldiers' Homes.
Summary of Currency Reform.
The Opposition to McKenna.
An Interesting Debate.
The Portable Stomach.
"With Entire Frankness." by Henry
James. .
SEVENTH PAGE.
A Question of Precedence.
Jubilee Work Progressing.
The Day in the Churches.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Germany's Demands of China.
British Will Fight for Africa.
Mr. Menoeal Explains. . :
Gold Standard in India.
France Close to Chaos.
Chile May Declare War/
German | Empress 111. , |
Thn Kra.ndal of Drevfna.
qualifications of the Attorney-General
were not regarded highly. It is said
that when Senator Morgan was In Cal
ifornia on hia way back from Hawaii
a few months ago he was informed
that three of the Pacific Slope Judges
were opposed to Mr. McKenna's con
firmation and that he has laid this be
fore the Senate.
The two California Senators are
giving McKenna earnest support, al
though Senator White differs from him
in politics. Senator Hoar, chairman of
the Judiciary Committee, also seems to
be greatly Interested In hastening the
vote and says the charges against Mc-
Kenna's legal Itnesa were quite dis
proved by the investigation of his
committee.
♦
COMMISSIONER HEPWORTH
REACHES CONSTANTINOPLE.
Copyright, I*9B. by James Oordon B-nnett.
CONSTANTINOPLE . Jan. 15.— "We have
just arrived here again after a most
fatiguing and even hazardous journey,
hut the latter part has been performed
under rather better conditions. We ex
pect to leave upon an early day.
GEORGE H. HEPWORTH.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
NINTH PAOE.
A Lady's View of the Water Front. <
TENTH: PAGE.
Lecture on Education.
Racing at Oakland.'-
ELEVENTH PAGE. . i.f/si".
Regent Relnsteln Scores Dr. Jordan.
Actors In a New Role.
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages rfnd Deaths.
FOURTEENTH . PAGE.
' The Call's Promise Fulfilled.
FIFTEENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay. .
SIXTEENTH PAGE.
News Along the .Water Front.
Palo Alto's New Hall. ■ V^\ 1
Danger of a Coal Famine.
Mrs. 1 ? Failure. . _
. SEVENTEENTH PAGE.
Living in an Inverted ' World.
EIGHTEENTHjfPAGE. p
.World's End as Fj^retold by Ad
ventlsts. i,* ■"■ / ■• . x > ■
NINETEENTH : PAGE. } . - \
Hunting. Wild Hogs on San Jcacjuirj \
• ■ • Lowlands.. ■ ■ . -gd
Mammoth's * Bones Found , in, Tvlare.
• .' TWENTIETH PAGE!. . -i~H
• "The White Cockade," a Story of
Bonnie Prince Charlie's Flight.
. I-;.' TWENTY-FIRST. PAGE. V
Last Stand of 1500 Desperate Chines* \
. . Pirates. v " ; ■ ■ • • i';-•>i ';-•>: "■■■■-•■ J : * •'.
TWENTY-SECOND PAGE. /■
Book Reviews. 5 ' '".•■/" -;■'. ; ■-> •
TWENTY-THIRD PAGE. *
Coiffures for 189S.;'»". • ■ ■ / ;. '
TWENTY-FOURTH *
Society. News. Y< \. ' ■•* . -i |^f" ■ '"-.:•• i _ 1 v' \
Mrs. William Astor*s Victory Over
• " New York Society. •""... |v■|■l -■, . -
TWENTY-FIFTH PAOE. ; ".
■ Fashions. % ■■[■:- :7'- h -V^'^ X* : ;f
, TWENTY-SIXTH PAGE. .
Children's Stories. " I/ - '
TWENTY-SEVENTH ! PAGE.
The Theaters." ..' i ■ 1- y . ' .
. i .• TWENTY-EIGHTH PAOE. 'i i ; r*
School and Fraternal News. . v
"> j TWENTY-NINTH " PAGE,
-" New Way of 'Disposing of the Dead. ' '
THIRTIETH PAGE.
Personal News From th« Coiurt. 1
THIRTY-FIRST.- PAGE). i
• • Commercial News. ■f- ''.'' S
THIRTY-SECOND PAGE. \ .
►' Mining, Whist and General New*.
> 6tn*ling Don for the Klondike.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
WRONGS 10
HAWAII BY
AMERICANS
Evil That Has Been
Done to the
Helpless.
Christianity as the New
"Votaries of the Faith
Regard It.
Missionaries Must Be Careful
to Live Uprightly Be
fore Converts.
HURT IN THEIR FAITH.
Evil Example That Often Turned th,«
Minds of the Natives
Astray.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Mass., Jan. 15.— The Call
correspondent to-day secured advance
proofs of Lilluokalani's new book,
"Hawaii's Story by Hawaii's Queen,"
to be published heve in Boston this sea
son. The following extracts are char
acteristic: "Many whose names might
be mentioned have been perfectly will
ing to wear the uniform of the crown,
to display their gilt lace and brass but
tons on state occasions, and to ride
richly caparisoned horses with shining
accouterments through our streets, and
as long as the missionary party chose
the men that were to be thus decked
r>ut, honored and exhibited, it was nev
er alleged that the Hawaiian kings lov
ed display, and sought pomp and fuss
and feathers. Yet what had nur earlier
monarchs ever dcme for the public
good? Individually, nothing. They
had acquiesced in the course laid down
for them by the missionaries.
"The government established by these
pious adventurers was the government
of the day. Those of their number who
were able to get into government serv
ice drew their salaries faithfully, and
spent or saved as they saw fit, but ob
served a truiy religious silence as to the
folly of spending money on public dis
plays. This is the more remarkable be
cause there were other ways, even
then, of securing treasury deficiencies.
I remember that when G. P. Judd, W
Richards and R. Armstrong were Cab
inet Ministers, a deficiency so inex
plicable occurred that the Cabinet was
required to resign immediately and to
one of the retiring members the popu
lar appellation, 'Kauka-Kcrpe-Kala •
subsequently adhered pretty tenacious
ly. I refrain from translating, as the
title is not of honor, but it still clings
to the family as an heirloom."
She mildly recalls the friendship
and favor extended by Paki, her ad
opted father, to Mr. Gilman, and her
sorrow that he should have explicit
belief in all the absurd and wicked
statements circulated by the mission
ary party against her own character
and that of her people. "Papers were
sent to me," she writes, "wherein Mr.
Gilman had repeated and vouched for
the truth of these abominable politi
cal scandals, and at first I could
scarcely credit it, for this man was
often at the house of my adoption and
showed great partiality for my society
when I was a young girl and he a
young man. He knew Paki and Konl,
a couple of the strictest mcrality,
whose household was organized on the
basis of the most regular family
habits and the most pious Christian
customs, and these had taken me from
my very birth under their parental
care.
"He further knew me as the foster
sister and daily compp-nion of Mrs.
Bernice Pauahl Bishop, where I was
ever under the kind care of her hus
band, ,Hon. Charles R. Bishop, a
couple whose principles of exalted
piety, whose love for all that Is good
and honorable and pure are too well
known to need at this moment tha
least praise from me, and whose pro
tection was ever and always surround
ing my earlier life. From their house
when I married I went directly to
that of my husband's mother, with
whom I lived to the day of her death,
not so very long ago."
She speaks with pleasure of the "gal
lant gentlemen, beautiful ladies and
fair young girls" who graced the re
ception given in her honor by Mrs.
L«e in Boston, but she sadly says:
"Although since my earliest remem
brance, I have been accustomed to cer
emonies and receptions, yet, even after
a winter's experience in Washington, it
is not easy for me to get over that
shrinking ga*e of strangers acquired
by years of retirement, eight months of
experience as a prisoner, and the hu
miliations of the time when I was un
der the supervision of Government
spies or custodians.
"It should be remembered in reading
this that nations newly converted to
; Christianity have an unpleasantly lit
j eral way of applying it, and when in
\ jured by a Christian suffer in their re
i ligious sensibilities. Also, they believe
I their Bibles,"
Tie Queen closes hQP boofe with, a sel«2
emn appeal to Americans, warning
them that Cod will judge them by their
behavior In her case, and i 1i 1 la evident
that she does not ■ chanlcally.
but a? earnestly as any Hebrew proph
.i. Mr. Cleveland's "splendid ability
and rare judgment and Lofty standards
of right" win ht r praise, and she found
Mr. M<Kin!ey "a most agreeable gen
.:>.. both In manner and words." -
Referring to public comment on her
WTiite House, she pays:
"Strangers h-.<- Iced that In no
•hi visited by thrm have
they found th< rules of etiquette so ex
actly laid down and bo persistently ob
; as In Honolulu, when the islands
under the monarchy. It is to be
ted, therefore, that I know what
is due to me; that further, as the wife
of the Governor of Oahu, as the Princess
:, and as the reigning sovereign,
it v.iis not necessary for me to take les
sons in the departments of social or
diplomatic etiquette before residing in
the rational capita] of the United
Siat. s or making and receiving visits
of any nature.
"Possibly, after being privately re
reived by an Empress-Queen, after oc
cupying a place of honor at the jubi
■ onies in Westminster Abbey.
•;t to luncheon by the
Duke of Edinburgh and sitting between
him and William of Prussia, and after
i foreign reception and a Queen's gar
den i. arty, the splendors of the White
T l"\ise mltrht not dismay the s^ui."
In her o\\ n fa
vor, after that of Inherited right, Is one
which should appeal sp >clally xo Amer
-. for it Is that her own people,
numbering 40,000, are In the majority,
American colony having but 3000
souls. This estimai
Bone Imported as laborers. The latest
1 In wa nans.
American
and mixed descent, 24,000 Japanese and
I
Lilii thinks that if the Kamo
hamehas, who permitted missionary
rule, wer fit to reign, she, who has
: ' od it.
has learned its wiles by suffering
them, ip much more lit.
WOULD IMPROVE
SHIPS' BATTERIES
Roosevelt Shows the Necessity
Of Putting in Rapid-
Fire Guns.
Wi-nkn'^ses of the Navy Shown by
Improvements Found Necessary
on the Chicago.
Ppp^al Pispatch to The Call.
Call « >fflce, EUggs House.
Washington Jan. 15.
Secretary °f the Navy Long sent a rec
ommendation to Congress to-day for an
appropriation of $50,000 for improvements
in the battery of the cruiser Chicago, and
accompanying it is a strong report of
evelt. in which
he p< : Bomeweaknesses of tht
navy. Mr. . Chicago is
being built at ■•■ Iderably greater
contract price, and
pay? the department will be inexcusable If
it tur new shi;. with
guns for her main battery. It will be
expensive to put four new guns aboard
the Chicago, but no more than
of th'- endture on r-nairs.
In the evtirit of war. if any disaster hap
pened to , ■■ ring to her
ttery, a heavy
responsib llty iv v ■'. rest on the Navy
Department for failing to ask for means
to meet its needs.
"T most earnestly wish we could," says
Roosevelt, "as soon ,-i S possible, with
draw from acth the cruisers fit
ted with slow fire . -mute
Bhips with rapi ; ries. At pr<
the real fighting efficiency of Bhips ilk
the Raleigh, the. Cincinnati, Marblehead,
Montgomery and Olympia, compared with
foreign vessels of the same nominal class,
stands high, while the reverse is th
of ships like the Baltimore, San Francisco
and Yorktown. I have just been talking
with Captain Cotton, who commanded the
Philadelphia when she lay side by side
of the Japanese cruiser Naniwa at Ha
waii. In the event of a fight the Nai
possibility of efficiency probably would
have been twice as great.
PASSING OF EL DORADO
COUNTY'S OLDEST PIONEER.
Samuel Kybusz, Who Saw Marshall's First
Gold at Fort Sutter, Is
Dead.
PLACERVILLE, Jan. IZ.— Samuel Ky
busz, the oldest pioneer resident of this
county, died this evening at Clarksville.
Hp came to th.^ State In 1847. He was
overseer at Fort Sutter when Marshall
returned from Colonu and exhibited the
go!a he had there discovered.
Judge A. W. Gray and Wife of Lemoore Celebrate the Sixty-Third
Anniversary of Their Wedding.
TULARE. Jan. 14.— Judge and Mrs.
A. W. Oray of have Just cele
brated the sixty-third anniversary of
tl.cir wedding at the home of their
daughter, Mrs. I. H. Ham of this city.
The sixtieth anniversary was celebrat
ed at their home in Lemoore, at wirich
time a family reunion was h"l<3.
A. W. Oray was born In Phonango
County. X. V., in ISIS, and is now X
years of aco. Mrs. Marenda Purdy
Gray Is a native of Pennsylvania, hav
ing been burn in AVayne County in
PROUD OF HIS
LITTLE MINT
Coiner Richardson Says
He Would Have Made
a Fortune.
Was Turning Out Dollars Rap
idly When Raided by the
Detectives.
Intends lo Plead Ouilty and Serve
Time In Prison for His
Offense.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
AUBURN, Jan. 15.— Richardson, the
counterfeiter, to-day waived trial be
fore Justice Wills and will remain In
the custody of the Sheriff here until
wanted by the Federal authorities.
When that time comes, it Is understood,
h^ will plead guilty to the charges pre
ferred against him by Special Agent
Harris and Detective Alter.
In az\ interview to-day Richardson
said he spent only two months in con
structing his pressing machine. He
ed proud of his invention and said
that with an apparatus such as he
had he could make a dollar a minute.
He could buy the sheet silver any
\\ h<'re at not more than •"'-.' cents an
ounce, thus leaving a handsome profit.
He was dating the coin? ls7:». The
special agent believes that some of the
• '."liars are in circulation in Ban Fran
cisco, but Richardson said he had not
as yet passed any.
When questioned as to why he went
Into the counterfeiting husiness, Rich
ardson had nothing to say. He appears
i.i In- a well-educated man. He was in
ihe War of the Rebellion and is a mem
ber of the Orand Army of the Repub
lic. Richardson said he had no con
federate, hut at one time there was a
man who shared his cabin, and it Is
believed he is now In the Mexican
mines.
CROWNED KING
MINES INVOLVED
Suit Brought by a Stockholder
for the Appointment of a
Receiver.
Accuses Directors of tho Company
of Gross Mismanagement and
Palpable Fraud.
Special Dlppatch to The Call.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., Jan. lfi.— A rcm
plaint of a rather urinations! character
was filed in the District Court here to
day in connection with the celebrated
mines In this county of the Crowned Kins
Mining Company, an Illinois corporation.
Suit was begun by Orrin F. Place, ownt-.r
of more than a third of the capital stock
of the company, against the company
also against N. C. Shekels, J. M. Taylor
and Reuben Wllkeson, w. T. Vaadever
and G. P. Harrington, formerly directors
of the company.
The complaint alleges that Shekels and
Harrington own and control nearly two
thirds of the stuck of the company: that
they have so mismanaged the affairs of
the company that the stock of plaintiff
is becoming worthless: that these, with
Other defendants alleged as th'ir I
cause! to be issued without authority >,r
consideration 27 ihares of treasury
stock, a part to Vandever and a part to
Herrington. worth $1 a share and par
value $10 a share, and that on this stock
over $27,000 In dividends has been paid to
Var.dever and the other defendants, mak
ing a fraud on the company.
The complaint further alleges that
Shekels and Herrington In ISM. while joint
superintendents of the company's proper
ty and being in control, had their salaries
fixed at $12i>0 a month to manage a ten
stamp mill and an average of thirty men.
besides $500 a month paid to mine fore
man, mill foreman, bookkeeper and aa
sayer.
Guilty of Jury Bribing.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 14.— A jury In
the I'nited States District Court this
evening returned a verdict of guilty In
the case of Edward Kilfeather, a well
known Democratic politician, and I. H.
Taffe, who have been on trial for jury
bribing. J. W. Walker. Indicted on the
fame charge- yesterday, pleaded guilty,
and C. S. I'.ratton several month!
confessed to acecpting a bribe from
Taffe.
ISIO. They were married in Funly
town, Pa., December 21, 1834, removing
later to Wisconsin, ami from tha
Nebraska in 1864. Mr. Gray was a
member f the first Territorial Legis
lature and also a member of the llrst
State Legislature of Nebraska in 1867.
With his family he removed to Califor
nia in 1876. and has since resided in Tu
lare and Kings counties.
Five children are living, one E. F.
Gray of Fremont, Nebr.; R. P. Gray of
Kings County and Mrs. G. W. CoOy,
TTTE SAX FT?AXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXrAEY 16, 1898.
BACK TO BEGIN
HIS LIFE ANEW
Madera Greets the Return
of W. F. Baird From
Folsom.
Friends Besiege the Home of
the Man Who Was Re
cently Paroled.
' \ _ -.-'--,
Willing to Extend a Helping Hand
and to Forget His Misdoings
of the Past.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MADERA, Jan. 15.— W. F. P.aird, who
was convicted in Fresno in 1593 on a
charge of forgery and committed to the
State's Prison at Folsoni in 1895 to
serve a Fix years' term, was paroled
last Wednesday by the prison directors,
and arrived in Madera lust night. *>n
his arrival he went directly t<> his
homo, at the corner of D and Fourth
streets, and has not as yet made his
appearance on the streets.
In spite of the fact that Kaird has
served a term in the pt:iit< ntiary. he
is by no means without friends. That
he has a great many sympathisers in
Madera Is amply evldenci •'. by the fact
that the Balrd residem • t - ■-<!:»>" was be
sieged by callers, all anxious to con
gratulate Mr. Balrd <m his having re
gained his liberty. The sympathy
which is being extended t" Baird is not
of the order that frequently pn
from the morbidly Inclined, or those
possessed of a natural Inclination to in
dulge in hero worship, but from a class
of people who believe he has amply
expiated the crime charged against
him. Kvt-r sine- BalnL's conviction
there have been many in Ifadera who
believe that he was more sinned against
than sinning.
A peculiar feature of thp rrime Im
puted to Mr. Balrd is that do one
lost a cent through th<- many forgeries
credited to him. Some ten or twelve
Indictments were found against him.
He was convicted on two chJirires. and
led from the decision of the
courts. The Supremo Court rev
one of tho cases, and. but for a tech
nicality, .would have reversed both of
them. Tt was v\>-<v. the decision affirm
ed by that court thai Balrd served his
time. All of the other Indictments
against him were dismissed, so thai h<
is now free from further prosecution
on the forgery charges and at liberty
to begin 111
OUTSHONE THE
SEELEY DINNER
Questionable Entertainment at
a Rich Youth's Summer
Home.
Society at an Eastern Resort Shocked
by the Arrest of One of : ■'
Its Leaders.
Special PV«patrh to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 15.— There was the big
gest kind of a sensation in the most ex
clusive society circles of Gloucester and
Salem to-day when Albert S. Cofßn, a
very prominent and wealthy young: blood,
was arrested on charges which shocked
the two cities. He is accused of main
taining a nuisance at his summer home
at Wheelers Point, a fashionable sum
mer resort near Gloucester.
For some time there have been well
defined rumors regarding the perform
ances held there, and a Salem newspaper
demanded that Coffin be prosecuted, but
nobody thought that this brilliant young
society leader would actually be arrest
ed. Acting upon the Information forced
upon him. however. District Atttorney
White brought the evidence to the Grand
Jury, and as a result c.'tnn was to-day
arrested on a capias. He will be ar
raigned on Monday. Many prominent
club men and swells arc trembling for
fear they will have to stand exposure
also, and 'several have hastily left the
city.
Gossips say that Coffin's dinners bid
fair to outshine the famous Seeley din
' ncr in all respects which made that one
notorious. •.:
Tuolumne County's Sheriff.
POXORA. Jan. 15.— The Hn-ml c.f Super
visors has appointed K. ].. Price, fdrmer
ly a deputy, v Sheriff of Tuolumne Coun
ty, vice T. M. Fanoey, deceased. M. H
Walsh will be Under Sin riff.
also of Kings County: Mrs. I. H. Ham
of Tular.' City and JudK»- W
Gray of Visalia. The latter has
Judge of the Superior Court of Tulare
County for many years, and is one o:
ih>- foremost jurists of the State.
•Mr. and ftfra. Cray are among the
best known and most respected people
of this vicinity. Mr. Gray is a retired
farmer, spending the later yars of his
life in managing the accumulations of
years. The couple are still vigorous
and strong, and their friends are hop
ing they may live to celebrate the gold
en anniversary of their marriage.
HAS NAMES OF
MANY LYNCHERS
Douglas County's Grand
Jury Will Return
Indictments.
Threats of the Mob Leaders
Believed to Have Fallen
on Deaf Ears.
It Is Certain That Relatives of Über
Will Not Assist in th©
Prosecution.
Special Dlsratoh to The Call.
CARSON, Jan. 15.— Before the close
of another week it will be known
whether the members of the mob that
lynched Murderer iber are to be
brought to trial for their participation
in the brutal tragedy. The feeling
throughout the Carson valley is that,
despite the whispered warnings of pos
sible trouble for the jurors, they will
attempt to bring each of the lynchers
to justice, and they undoubtedly have
the names of most of the party.
It requires twelve votes out of the
seventeen of the jury to indict the
lynchers cf Über. There is every lndi
catton that the grand jurors are not in
sympathy with the lynchers, and are
making a full investigation of the case.
There is .no doubt that every possible
pressure is being brought to bear on
the jury to prevent an indictment. If
the lynch. -is can get six men to vote
against the indictment they are safe.
Tin re is only one man on the jury who
is regarded as a sympathizer with the
lynch<
Ev< rything is being closely watched
by the people of Genoa, ami as lung as
the jury Bends for important witness
es ami keeps investigating it will be
regarded as evidence that It means
business. It has now the name of an
other wurnan who helped make the
masks, and she will be called to tell
for whom she made them. Already the
jury knows the balnea of nearly ev
ery participant in the lynching.
The argument the friends crt the
lynchers are now making is that the
trial of s<- many people l"<>r a criminal
offense will be a great source of ex
pense to the county and bankrupt It.
This talk la having considerable weight
with a certain class of people.
There has been considerable talk ol
a suit against the county of Douglas
by the relative! of TJber, but it is n«*w
quite certain there wijl be nothing of
the sort. When Über was lynched his
v.>s in the East wrote to Alf.
Charts, h:s attorney, for full particu
lars. The attorney busied himself in
the case a good deal, and, &a Über's
unrle was quite wealthy, it was sup
i that momy would be spent lav
ishly to bring the offenders to justice
in criminal suits and civil suits for
damages. As soon as the relatives as-
Ined that civil suits would enst
money they concluded that they
in no hurry to bring them. Here
are pome extracts from the letter r»»
eelved from Otter's sister by his attor
ney, mention of which was made in
The Call to-day:
"The Lord has's'oved me from all
feeling against them. There ■• is no
thought in my •'heart of that kind. The
Lord has filled Jmy soul with love and
good will to everybody, and I can pray
for these fellows" who murdered my
brother. Please read Matt. 5: 44, Ro
mans. 1. 19. 20, 21. I will admit that I
do not know very much. See Ist Co
rinthian?. 1: 27."
In another letter the attorney Is ad
vised to read the tracts sent him by
I hers slater, and look for his reward
in heaven for the legal services already
done for Vber.
DRIED FRUIT
IS GETTING SCARCE
California Farmers Have No
Great Stock of Any Kind
on Hand.
Result Will Bo That Whnt Ta in the
Market Will Bring Good
Prices.
itch to The Tall.
NEW YORK, Jar.. lE.— Tbfl Journal of
prints the following: In a cir
cular Issued to-day Hartwlg & Bennett
pay: "Never before has the dried fruit
situation at this ■iBSWI of the year had
as bright nn outlook for the coming trade
ns it has at the present time. The de
mand is pood, exceptionally so for Janu
ary, and. what is more astonishing, the
stock i.s very "light, and no one Seems to
realise It: from Information that we get
from our representatives In California
(and we have that State pretty well
covered) there is very little left, if any
thing. In the fruit line out there. This is
an unusual state of affairs in that sec
tion of tbe country, as the ranchers, as
a rule. In previous years, have held back
their product for higher prices, and they
would not sell when they had an oppor
tunity, hut -would wait until about now,
when they would be induced to consign
it to Eastern markets to have it given
away regardless of values and to the
detriment of jobbers here who were car
rying stock they had given up their good
money for. This created the wrong kind
of competition that they have had to
meet, as this class of shipments art- sold
to any one regardless of quantity, and at
prices that were less than market value.
Hut this cannot be continued now, and
the Jobbers need not have any fear from
that source, for the Simple reason, ns
stated above, that the Western market
is pretty well cleaned up, and besides,
ever since December 1 the Pacific •
has had s large pilgrimage of buyers
from Eastern cities looking for snaps,
but one and all found that prices are and
have been ruling here ;it lower figures
than on the Pacific Coast. This state of
affairs still continues, and it will be
taken advantage of."
— ♦
DAMAGING EVIDENCE
AGAINST LUETGERT.
Direct Testimony on the Part of the State
Against the Alleged Wife-Slayer
Is Finished.
CHICAGO, Jan. 14.— Direct testimony
on the part of the State against Adolph
L. Luetgert, the alleged wife-murderer,
was finished to-day after 19S hours in
court. Dr. Dorsey was the last witness,
and his cross-examination' by Attorney
Harmon resulted disastrously to the do
fensc, the sausage-maker's lawyer bring
ing out emphatic reiterations ■of matter
material to the State's case. ■- -, - . . .'
Wften Dr. Dorsey finished Mr. Harmon
asked that the State put Louis Luetgert
on the stand, his- contention being: that
his name was back of the indictment.
State's Attorney McEwen replied that
when, as a lawyer, he produced ! a wit
ness, he vouched. for . his truthfulness,
and, as he. could not vouch for. the In
tegrity of Louis Luetgert. he declined to
put him on the stand..  . .
The court apreed with 'the prosecution,
and then notified Mr. Harmon that he
must be .ready ■ to- proceed to-morrow
morning.
ACCIDENT ENDS
THEIR CONTEST
Cyclist Taylore Injured
in a Bad Spill at
Philadelphia.
Was Leading Starbuck by a Lap
in Their Twenty-Mile
Race.
The Frenchman's Right Shcmlder Dis
located and His Left Knee
Wrenched.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 13.— The
tw.-nty mile paced race between
Edouard Taylore. the French middle
distance champion, and J. Frank Star
buck of this city, at Saengcr Hall to
night, was spoiled by an unfortunate
accident to Taylore. The accident oc
curred on the sixth mile, Taylore at
that time having gained a lead of a lap.
which, at Saensc-r Hal!, is one-tenth of
a mile. On the next lap the tandem
team took him at a terrific clip around
the tureen-shaped course.
As the foreigner turned into the home
stretch the spill took place. Taj
wheel dashed up the incline toward the
outside of the track, and the machine
and rider brought up against a post,
the win-el being smashed completely,
and Taylore rebounding and falling c-n
the track. He mana.K- ij to get out of
the road just as Starbuck and his pac
ers cam.- tearing around the turn, or
otherwise more men might have been
hurt. Taylor., was not seriously injur
ed. His right shoulder was thrown out
of place, and his left knee was wrench
ed.
While the rare lasted Taylore im
pressed the 8600 spectators with his
ability. many comparing him with
Jimmy Michael. Starbuck, too, rode
in splendid form, as his time of 10:28 1-2
for five miles shows.
Taylor.- pot the lead at the start and
for the first mile it was a regular pro
ceseton. Then the foreigner began to
draw away. At the end ,f the>-seeond
mile Taylore was almost a lap to the
good, and when the mishap occurred
he was over ;t lap ahead. After that
Starbuck reeled off mile .-ifter mile at
a steady clip, merely covering the
twenty miles necessary to secure first
money.
The one mile international pursuit
race was won by Lamberjack and Gou
goltz, the French team. Time, 2:03 4-5.
GILBERT DEFEATS ELLIOT.
In a Drizzling Rain the Crack Marksmen
Contest for Supremacy.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Fred Gilbert of
Spirit Lake, lowa, defeated J. A. R. El-
Hot, the wing shot from Kansas City, in
a 100-bird match at thirty yards for the
Dupont championship trophy and $100 a
side to-day at Dexter Park. L. 1., by a
score of 06 to SI. The match was shot
In a drizzling rain that did not deter two
hundred sportsmen from wading more
than a half mile in yellow mud to see the
contest. EUiot was a Blight favorite be
fore the start, but after the first twenty
five pigeons had left the trap? every in
dication pointed to a victory for Gilbert.
In the first quarter of the journe^ El-
Hot, who was lirst at the traps, missed
his third and eighth.- In his second
string he missed his twentieth. His third
quarter of the match recorded three
misses'— his seventeenth, twentieth and
twenty-fourth— while in the last twenty
five he failed to stop his fourth, ninth
and twentieth. The last two fell dyad
out of bounds.
Gilbert missed his tenth and twenty
fourth birds in his first twenty-flve. They
dropped dead out of bounds. He shot
his second string straight, missed his
fifteenth in the third quarter and then
shot straight until his twenty-second In
.-I String, a grand total Of Skills.
SPORTS AT LOS ANGELES.
Drawings for the Next Coursing Stakes in
the Southern City.
LOfl ANGELES, Jan. 15.— The drawing
of dogs for Sunday's coursing matches at
Agricultural Park took place this even
ing. There will be an eight dog puppy
race, and a twenty-eight dog consola
tion race, besides two match races.
There will also be a five-mile race be
tween Hackney's thoroughbred Prince
Hooker and a tandem bicycle ridden by
Palmer and Lacey. On the Sunday and
Monday following th*>re will he a sixty
four dog race for a $200 purse. Following
Is the full list of the drawings for Sun
day's races:
BapUl X stake -Rlalto and Rattler; Lady
Agnes and Rowdy'; Bpeedy Girl and
rface; Uncle Tom and Maid of Erin.
Consolation stake— Palo Alto and True
Blue; Cyclone and Butte; Jack II and A.
Guy; (.'handler and Jumbo; Sailor Boy
and Fritz: Monte and Tiger; Humboldt
and Poker Davis; Qypay nr.d White
Chief; Frisco and Lemo; Beauty and
George Lavigne; Ham •'■'■••^ Oscar: Jack
I and Flora; Bounce and Hetty Green;
Klondike and Genera!.
The following match race? wero made:
Flying Jib. Mondaj < • nlng, best two
in three, for $60 purse; Trip, formerly
Doncaster, Monday morning, best three
in five, purse $lw).
At the drawing hold by the Southern
California Coursing t'lub to-night the fol
lowing dogs were drawn for a twenty
eight dog stake to bo run on the grounds
of the club near Sunny Slope Sunday
next: Prince-Hiack Beauty and Juliet-
Dan C: Pope-Snooze and Our Sld-Reli
ance; Sharkey-Peachie and An:-
Punch; Corbett-lSea Hur and B H and
B-Sailor Girl and Tip-Downing: Jack
Dempsey-Silk Jean and Sir Walter Scott-
Speedwell; Queen J-Santlago and Inno
cent Daisy-The Devil and John Mitchell-
Molile.
FALLS FROM AN ENGINE.
Brakeman Soland of Oakland Loses His Life
at Suisun Depot.
BUIBUN, Jan. 15.— Ed Solund. a brake
man on a freight train en route fron
Oakland to flarrTTlinto. was killed at
Sulsun depot About 3 o'clock this morn
NEW TO-DAY.
A good winter
Medicine is Hood's
Sarsaparilla. It
Keeps the blood
Warm, rich and pure
It builds up the
System, wards off
Colds, pneumonia,
Bronchitis, fevers
And the grip.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Cures rheumatism,
Neuralgia, d\-spepsia,
Scrofula and that '
Tired feeling.
NEW TO-DAY.
>OOOOOOOOOOOGQOO©O©Q©QOX)OCK^
THE THIRD WEEK L
OF OUR A
GREAT JANUARY SALE
COMMENCES WITH ?l
IMMENSE BARGAINS!
TO-MORROW! 8
350 pieces OUTING FLANNELS, in light and medium colors, choice Cln §
patterns, regular 10c quality. On Sale at U4u g
200 dozen WHITE TURKISH TOWELS, good quality] large ftf| n 8
size, regular value $3 a dozen. On Sale at ZUU Each g
250 dozen extra large size HEMMED HUCK TOWELS, 25x43, 8
in plain and colored borders, good value at $4 dozen. On OCn Q
Sale at ZOU Each Q
101 0 cases large size CALIFORNIA WHITE WOOL BLAN- «
KETS, bound with silk ribbon, reaular value $5 pair. OQ *
On Sale at Jl*fO A Pair O
5 cases extra large size CALIFORNIA WHITE WOOL BLAN- 0r rfl Q
KETS, in diffetent color borders, reguiar value $7. On Sale at $VIUU Q
EXTRA SPECIAL. X
EMBROIDERIES ! EMBROIDERIES I I
For this week we place on sale a special purchase of 4000 pieces of Q
Embroideries (slightly imperfect) at ALMOST ONE-HALF THEIR VALUE Q
SEE SHO\A/ WINDOVA/S.
ing. When the train was slowly pulling
Into the yard Soland. who was standing
in the gangway on the right side of the
locomotive, missed his footing near the |
southern end of the depot. The train was
stopped soon as possible after the en
gineer surmised that an accident had oc
curred. The body was found near the
main line, the head mangled to a Jelly
and both arms broken. Deputy Coroner
Maynard held an inquest this afu-rnoon
and a verdict of accidental (Hath was re
turned. Soland resided in Oakland and
was about 30 years of age.
BESTS THE AUSTRALIAN.
Jack Banner Wins His Go With Billy
Smith.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— Jack Bonner of
Philadelphia and Australian Billy Smith
met for six rounds In the gymnasium of
the Chicago Athletic Club to-night.
George Siler, who acted as referee, gave
the fight to Bonner in the third round,
Bonner had the better of it throughout,
knocking Smith down' twice in the first,
round, once In the second and three
times In the third.
Jimmy Murphy of Chicago met George
Kerwin, the club - champion, for six
rounds. The decision was given to Ker
win, he having knocked Murphy down
repeatedly.
♦
Schaefer the Favorite.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— Ives and Catton
will face each other in the initial game
nf the hadicap billiard tournament to
commence on Monday evening at Cen
"Fire is a good serv- I "\ "T~ 9 "N I
ant but a bad master. 11
Yes, that is true, but how r^ —^ —^
much fire have you got to
make your servant of? -^ -*- -*- " * ■
Mighty little is the truth, is it not? All the vim has
left you, and there is not much else to care for. You
can get that vim back. You can get that fire back,
and " Hudyan " will do it for you. You, with the
knowledge that you have that you are puny — that you
are a weakling and not a man, yes, YOU — go on from
day to day hoping that some miracle will save you. Do
not waste another moment dreaming that way.
You have got to help yourself or you will never be
saved. "Hudyan" will save you. "Hunyan" will
bring back the health and the strength that you once
had. Would it not be common sense to give it the
chance? Do you — yes, YOU — know that it has
saved thousands of men from utter depletion of their
manliness ? There is truth in this. Ask what it has **
done. Come up to the institute if you can. No
cent's worth of charge for information or advice.
Are you bothered with scaly spots, with swelling In the
throat or with Falling hair? That means blood taint. Do
not neglect it. Taken in ttone blood taint is easy to cure. »
The "00-day blood cure" works wonders. Will you ask what
it has done for others? No cost in the world to you.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
Stockton, Market id Ellis Sts,
San Francisco.
This is your day. Write for free circulars about " Hud-
ynn " and the (Jreat "30-day blood cure." Do not wait. 'Write
now. No cost to you, except a stamp.
DDTTGUITG FOR ba ßbers. bak- ;
DnUull ILO e!s . bootblacks, bath- :
houaea, billlard-tubles.
iirewers. boi kblnders, canily-makora, cannera, j
dyers, flourmtlls. foundrle.i, laundries, paper- ;
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-r^ofers. tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush .Manut'e- turcrn.GOO SacramcntoSt. I
tral Music Hall. Of the five entries Ives
and Schaefe? each play 400 points to 260
for Cat ton, Spinks and Sutton. Schaefer
is a slight favorite in the betting. Sut
ton is the local favorite for third place.
Racing in Heavy Going.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. 13.— The track
to-day was very heavy.
Si* furl' ings. Belling, Treophia won. Se
dan second, Hano Hello third. Time, 1:20%.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling, Wil
son won. Amateur second, Caddie C third.
Time, 1:27%.
One mile and a quarter, selling. ABC
won. Royal Choice second. Nannie L's
Sist r third. Tim.'. 2:18%.
81 ( furlongs, handicap, Sligo won, Gath
!. Balkllne third. Time. 1:18.
t ne mile. Lakeview Palace won. Na
Nay, second. Arrezzo third. Time. 1:50.
One mile selling, Domingo won. Jam
boree second. Jim Flood third. Time, 1:51.
RELATIONS OF CHILE
AND ARGENTINA.
At Present There Seems No Probability of a
War Over the Dispute as to the \
Boundary Question.
Copyright. IS3B. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES. Jan. 14.— The Gov
ernment of Argentina does not attach
any importance to rumors from Chilo
about the boundary question. Public
opinion here is calm. Nobody believes
there is a possibility of war.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
j^-EAKNY AND WASHINGTON STS.-RE-
■ moiioietl and renovated. KING. WARD &
Tr . European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50day.
$5 to $S week. $S to $30 month. Free baths;
hot and cold water every room: flre nates la
every room; elevator runs all night.ORGANIZED
TO MEDDLE
IN POLITICS
Aim of Los Angeles'
League for Better
Government.
Conducted in the Interest
of a Trio of Cor
porations.
Its Mission to Antagonize the
Regular Republicans of
the City.
GANG RULE ITS POLICY.
Membership Hns Fallen From Four
Thousand to Lees Than Two
Hundred.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
cloak of a l.ame which appeals strong
ly to every fair-minded and patriotic
citizen, the League for Better City
Government in Los Angeles has und
ertaken to do things that would have
brought down the severest condemna
tion upon any organization that had
not succeeded in deluding the general
public as this has done. Organized
ostensibly for the purpose of bringing
about better conditions in Los An
geles, its name is now used for the
self-advancement of certain individ
uals in the interest of a few corpora
tions and as a means of splitting the
Republican party in the interests of the
local Democracy.
The movement for better city govern
ment was instituted under the aus
pices of the league about eighteen
months ago. Its membership increased
rapidly, and Just before the munici
pal election hfld in December of 1896
there were more than 4000 names on
■ mbership roll
The manner in which the league con
ducted its campaign in this election and
the manner in which the league affairs
were handled by a certain small clique
which represents corporation interests,
the • newspaper combination
of Lop Angeles and the concentrated
antagonism to the regular Republican
party has caused the membership to
fall off to such an extent that there are
not to-day more than 200 members in
good standing, and possibly less than
half that number.
Under the bylaws adopted by the
league's affairs are controlled by a
board of directors, consisting of twen
ty-three members. This board is now
constituted as follows: S. A. Butler,
Harry Chandler. O. P. Clark. H. J.
Fleishman. T. E. Gibbon, J. M. Grif
fith, Bttrt Eates Howard, Lee A. Mc-
Connell, D. M. McGarry, Robert Mc-
Ciarvin. Octavius Morgan. M. H. New
, . William Pridman, Ferd. K. Rule,
■Alfred Stern, W. L. Valentine, J. V.
Warhtel. G. 11. Wadleigh, T. S. Wads
worth. I. A. Weid, M. Welsh, J. R.
N< wberry and W. D. Woolwine.
Because The Call, in connection with
its investigations regarding the School
B"ard scandal, has been giving all the
facts and giving them fairly as they
develop, it has aroused the league to
a childish and impotent antagonism of
this journal. It was not so much that
The Call published unprejudiced re
ports of the sessions of the Hoard of
Education which was hearing the
Webb case, but the fact that this paper
called attention to the felonious action
of another member of the Hoard of Ed
ucation, who is also a member of the
league, that caused the league by for
mal resolutions to pet up a howl
against The Call in unison with the
yelping and barking of the three news
papers — the Times, the Herald and the
Express — that run the paper, or are
run by the league's inner clique.
At a cowardly secret session a hand
ful of men — a bare quorum of the board
of directors of the league — passed a
pet of resolutions which has not one
fair or truthful statement in it, and
which smacks strongly of the charac
teristic whinings of a hypocrite ex
posed. These resolutions are as fol
lows:
Resolved, That we call the attention of
the business m. ■ . of this
city to the treatment which the E
B^urd scandal is receiving in thi
Francisco Call, a newspaper which pro
fesses to be friendly to this section, and
which has some circulation in this city,
but which has persistently misrepresent
ed th< dvantage of the
forces at work for municipal inform and
to the detriment of this city.
Re= .• the League for Better
City Government, an organization which
has for its object a business administra
tion of the city';- affairs, without .regard
to party, hereby emphatically condemns
the San Francisco Call for Its impudent
<1 baseless attacks on respectable citi
i us and its attempted defense of boo
dlers.
At the meeting at which these reso
lutions were passed there were present
cut of the twenty-ihree-dlrectors here
tofore named only eight, as follows: S.
A- Butler, Lee A. Connell, Robert Mc-
Garvin, W. L. Valentine, J. V. Wachtel,
G. EL Wadleigrh, T. S. Wadsworth and
W. D. Woolwine. These men repre
sented in spirit if not in fact- those
persons and interests which have been
forcing the prosecution against Walter
L. Webb, against whom no adverse tes-
timony has been brought out except
that given by two self-confessed per
jurers. These same persons and inter
ests have Bet th-ir forces to the work
to shield and protect J. H. Braly, a
member of the Board of Education, a
member of the League for Better City
Government and the president of the
Southern California Savings Bank.
This attitude of defense on behalf of
Braly has been assumed in the face of
documentary evidence of an incontro
vertible character that has been shown
t" >-xist against Braly, and which
shows him to have been guilts' of a.
felonious act and to have involved his
ba:;k in transactions frbidden by law
in order to protect savings bank de
positors.
Among the eight members present
and participating in the star chamber
proceedings of last Tuesday night will
be noticed the name of W. I). Wool
wine Mr. Woolwine is the ca-hier of
the Southern California Savings Bank,
of which Mr. Braiy is president.
A brief history of the League for
Better City O.jvprnmoin throws con
siderable light upon the ulterior ends
for which it was organized and in
interests it is and has been used.
• It. was incubated and hatched in the
\Lx>s Angelas Chamber of Commerce by
C. D. Willard. then secretary of that
body and now manager of "the Los
Angeles Express. WiUard was also a
member of the first board of directors
elected aftf-r the league was inr.. r j>M
rated, in May of last year. Among the
other directors elected at this time
was L. E. Mosher. who is the first lieu
tenant of H. d. Otis in the manage
ment of the Times. "While Mr. Wil
lard's name does not aopear in the
present board of directors of the
league, he is still one of its most ac
tive spirits. In tho existing: board o f ,
directors the Times Is represented by
Harry Chandler a son-in-lay.- of H. O.
• Mis. and the superintendent of the cir
culation of the Times, whilf the Her
ald newspaper is represented by T. K.
Gibbon.
In both the o-ld board and in the new
the three corporations which are look
ed upon by the taxpayers of this city
as being m"st Inimical to thoir Inter
ests are well and numerously repre
sented. Th^e corporations are the Loa
Angeles City Water Company, the Loa
Angeles Lighting Company and the Los
Angeles Electric Company. Incidental
ly, th<- significant fact may be noted
that nearly every officer of the water
company was a vice-president at the
mass meeting held in this city under
the auspices of the Leapue for i
city Government in reference to the
School Hoard scandal.
Another significant fact in reference
to the league is that four of its leading
spirits— T. EL Gibbon. (". D. Wiliard,
Henry W. O'Melveny and Charles For
man — are Democrats, while most of the
other prominent men in the leapue are
what are known as "Otis Republicans."
The Otis wing of the Republican
party of this sectjon of the State is but
a very small minority. What local
strength it has lies in this city. In
the interior Otis men are nearly as
scarce as hen's teeth. It is the unquali
fied opinion of the Republicans allied
with the regular organization of that
party that the league Is nothing more
than an instrument to be used by this
unholy alliance of Democrats and
pseudo Republicans to disintegrate the
local Republican party and to bring
victory to the local Democratic ticket.
It is asserted that with the city pnv
ernment in control of Democrats it
would be a comparatively easy thing
to secure control of the c«unty offices.
Among the best citizens of the city
the opinion is freely expressed that if
a league ticket is elected and such a
tit k< t would be energetically supported
by the syndicated press, consisting of
the Times, Herald and Express— the
people would be delivered over to the
mercies of the three corporations pre
viously named.
There is no question but that there
are still a large number of disinterest
ed and well meaning citizen? who are
members of the league, but this class !
of people has been withdrawing more
and more rapidly as it became more \
and more apparent that the league was j
a delusion and a snare, and that the
good people In It were simply being
used as figureheads to subserve the
vicious ends of the conspirators who
instituted, who have shaped the course
of and now absolutely control the mis
named league for better city gov
ernment.
WHISKY URGED
HIM TO SHOOT
An Intoxicated Man's Reckless
Handling of a Shotgun
at Fresno.
Fires Seven Charges Through the
Walls of His House Before Ho
Is Restrained.
Fp^lal Dispatch to Th' Call.
FRESNO. Jan. 15.— F. C. Cretser, while
drunk early yesterday morning, proceed
ed to shoot his house to- pieces. With a
No. 10 shotgun he fired seven shots
through the dwelling, tearing big holes in
portions of the house and shooting the
doors down. The tiring attracted all th«
neighbors in the vicinity of his home, at
3320 Fresno street. When the shooting
had ceased they gathered around the
house, thinking that a tragedy had been
committed, as Cretser was known to have
had trouble with his wife at different
times. Finally several men ventured in
and found Cretser, his brother and a
third man named Erigelbretson lying in a
room in a half-drunken stupor.
It was almost a miracle that the freak
of the drunken man had not resulted in
the loss of several lives, as a charge of
the shot entered the home of William
Shepp. across the street. Some of the
shot fell on the roof, while one charge
entered through a window of a room, but
had spent its force.
All three of the men In the house were
arrested this morning by Constable Shaw.
It was learned that i Creston had been
deserted by his wife a few days ago. and
he proceeded to drown his sorrow. While
under the influence of whisky he deter
mined to shoot their home full of holes.
He succeeded well in his undertaking.
The three men were charged with disturb
ing the peace.
PRINCE COLLONNA TO WED
A BEAUTIFUL HEIRESS.
Fell in Love With a Photograph of Miss
Moran and Now Society Reports
That They Are Engaged.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15— A Richmond dip
patch to tho Herald says: It is rumored
in society here that Prir.ee Fabian Col
lonna of Paris is engaged to a beautiful
Virginia heiress, Miss Eleanor I;
Moran. The Prince recently dedicated a
poem to Miss Moran. nn«l it was pub
lished In Paris. Miss Moran, with her
s;sii-r arid mother, will sail fur Europe in
the sfirin«. it is said, to mc-t th-- Prince.
Prince Collonna is said to be a trie
several of Mrs. Morarra ft nd th«
story is that be f'-ll in lov« with ;i ;
graph of the Southern beauty and asked
permission to dedicate :i poem to her,
which was granted by the mother. Soci
ety now declares that the two hav<- be
come engaged. It is well known that Miss
Moran is an heiress. She !s a famous
beauty and was a reigninp belle at White
Sulphur Springs, Narragansett and other
watering places.
CLAY'S YOUNG WIFE
IS WALKING HOME.
No One Would Lend Her a Horse Because
They Were Afraid of the Vengeance
of Her Brother Clell.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15— A Valley View.
Ky.. special to the Herald says: General
C.-issius M. Clay's wife. Dora. start<-<! t'>
walk to Whitehall, his home, this after
noon. She tried all the morning to get a
horse, but nobody would lend or hire one
to her for fear of her brother, Clell. v. t: .
shot at her yesurday. The gtrl \v.>i»t bit
terly when all her neighbors refused to
aid her, but Boon dried her tears and Bald
she would walk the distance, no m
how bad the n >:<.ils Were.
General Clay learned <>f her latest trou
ble with her brother about noon and said
he was not surprised. He feared Clell
Richardson would kill hr-r. He Bays Rich
ardson h;us used her money and kept her
under the influonee of drugs untji her
mind has bocom<> unsettled. Richardson,
it is said, still threatens to kill Dora and
his brothers if th<>y interfere with him.
CORITA TEMPLE INSTITUTED.
Organization of Rathbone Sisters Formed
at Santa Rosa.
SAXTA ROSA, Jan. in.— Past Grand
Chief Mrs. Lily Samuels of Oakland in
stituted rortta Temple of Rathbone Sis
ters at Hahman Hall this evening. The
temple has 100 charter members— the larg
est list in the State. The decree work was
done by the Oakland team. Many prom
inent members of Calanthe Tomple of
Oakland and the East Oakland temple
were present. The affair closed with a
banrjuet.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
DEATH FOR
THE SLAYER
OF ANDREWS
Winters Found Guilty
by a Redwood
City Jury.
First Degree Murder With
No Recommendation
©f Clemency.
Unanimous Verdict Reached
on the Taking of the
First Ballot.
FORSAKEN BY HIS NERVE.
The Convicted Man Checked In an
Excited Attempt to Revile His
Ex posers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 15.— "Guilty
of murder In the first degree."
Such whs the verdict rendered this
afternoon by the Jury impaneled tn
try Harry Winters for the murder of
Charles A. Andrews in the Grand
Hotel at Baden last November.
When the case was given to the Jury
it was evident to every one present in
the courtroom that the twelve men
would certainly convict the prisoner,
but it was thought, after the Jury had
retired, that imprisonment for life
would be the punishment, instead
of death.
During the short time the Jury were
deliberating the defendant appeared
nervous and excited, and a Deputy
Sheriff was at his side continually.
When the foreman announced the ver
dict Winters Jumped to his feet and
began to address the Jury, but was
silenced by the court and Sheriff. He ,
looked pale and haggard.
When court adjourned yesterday af
ternoon Winters was on the stand.
This morning Attorney Nagle further
questioned him with respect to the
clothes he wore on the 16th and 17th
<j{ November. A number of people at
Baden who identified him said he wore
a black Fedora hat. He denied this
morning that he ever wore such a hat,
and denied that the hat found in the
hall of the Grand Hotel was his. He
said that on the 16th he wore a stiff
Derby hat and on the morning of the
17th he changed it for a light slouch
hat given to him by James L.. Xagle,
the brother of his attorney. He did
not have a blue Melton overcoat on
the day he was in Baden, as testified
to by Witness Hi ley.
Upon cross-examination it was
Shown clearly that his whole story
given In direct examination was fabri
cation. He made many contradictory
statements, which greatly prejudiced
his case. He admitted that he knew
Raymond and knew him well, but that
he was acquainted with him under the
name of Samuel Moore.
His acquaintance with Raymond
dated back a number of years, and as
Raymond has been confined in State's
Prison for a long period and until very
recently, it must be that the acquaint
anceship was formed there. He ad
tnitted that he had been convicted of a
felony, but of what felony the court
would not permit to be shown. His
appearance and every action betoken the
criminal. Especially was this notice
able yesterday, when he was shown th~
revolver taken from him in the Grand
Hotel and the one taken from Ray
mond on the morning of the 17th. when
he was captured. He took them and
handled them as no one could who was
iv*t very familiar with such weapons.
He gave it as his opinion that pistols
■uch as those could be purchased for
$1 90 each.
James L. Xagle was called as a wit
ness for defendant. He identified a
hat shown him, and testified that he
gave it to Winters on the 17th of No
vember. He had given the defendant
the suit of clothes he was wearing.
Winters, he Bald, had been doing odd
Jobs about the office for him for some
time past, and he had seen him every
day from the 17th to the 24th of No
vember, on which latter date he was
arrested. On the 17th he noticed noth
ing unusual in the appearance of Win
ters. He bore no marks of a confUd of
any kind such as would have attract
ed his attention.
This completed the defendant's case,
and in rebuttal District AtUrrney
Walker called John Nelson, who testi
fied that he was night watchman at
the Salvation Army quarters on New
Montgomery street in San Francisco.
Tic said ho know Winters, and had seen
him at the Salvation Army pla;e on
several occasions, thus contradicting
Winters, who said he was never there
! before the nipht of the 16th of Novem
■ ber. He further testified that he had
p°en him there with Raymond, alias
Moore,, and also with a man by the
name of Willett. Willett is wanted for
: this same murder, and for his arrest a
reward of ?2~>Q has been offered.
Constable PescteUo was called In re
! buttai and testified that soon after the
crime had been committed he went to
San Francisro and stationed himself
!at the entrance to the building in
which Mr. Hagle had his office. He
; took this position about 7:30 o'clock la
the morninp and remained there all
; day, with the exception of about an
hour fur lunch, for four or five days
watching for Winters, but saw him
: only one- in all that time.
At U:M the District Attorney began
his opening argument to the Jury, fin
ishing at noon. At 1 o'clock Attorney
Nagle spoke in behalf of the defendant
and was followed by the closing argu
ment from the District Attorney. The
court then instructed th^ Jury and at
2:90 o'clock it retired. While' the jury
was out the defendant tried to appear
unconcerned, but tailed utterly. And
when the Jury returned he half started
from his scat, seeming to expect the
worst. The Jury was out only about
twenty-flve minutes before it reached
Its verdict. But two ballots were cast,
and each of these was unanimous The
first ballot was as to whether the de
f. odant was guilty or not guilty, and
the second was as to the punishment
to be inflicted. The result was mur
der in the first degree, without fixing
the punishment. This means that un
less the Supreme Court grants a new
trial Winters will be hanged for the
murder of C. A. Andrews.
When the foreman had announced
the verdict Winters Jumped to his feet
and addressed the Jurors. He said:
"Gentlemen of the Jury. T don't blame
you for what you have done, but T do
blame these liars, perjurers, bribers
and murderers."
BOOTH IS
AGAIN IN
AMERICA
The Arrival of the
General in New
York.
Will Make an Extended
Tour in Canada and
This Country.
Plans to Meet His Son Balling
ton and His Sick
Wife.
TALKS OF HIS CHILDREN.
Great Good Will Result From the
Visit of the Chief of the Sal
vation Army.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
,NKW YORK. Jan. IK.— General
Booth, the hond of the Salvation Army,
reached this city to-day on board the
steamer St. Paul from Southampton.
In honor of his visit to America twelve
new shelters for the homeless poor and
three new rescue homes for women will
be simultaneously opened In the coun
try. The general, now in his sixty
ninth year, made his first trip to this
country in 1894, holding 200 meetings
within three months. Since then the
army shows an increase of member
ship of 2438. The colonization scheme,
the pet project of General Booth, will
be pushed during his stay.
The general was met down the bay
by Commander Booth-Tucker. On the
pier a large delegation of headquarters
Salvationists were awaiting their
chief, and he was given a warm re
ception.
"The general." said Commander
Booth-Tucker, "will stay at my house
in Pordham until Monday, when he
will leave for Canada, where he will be
met by his daughter, Miss Eva Booth,
who Is in charge of the Salvation Army
there. He will remain three weeks in
Canada, inspecting the work of the
army, and will then return to the
United States. He will begin his Amer
ican tour <>n February 1" In Washing
ton. After that he will visit Pittsburg,
<'<.lumbus. Cincinnati. St. Louis, Kan
sas city, Denver, L»s Angeles. San
Francisco, Portland, Seattle and Spo
kane at which last place he will be on
March 17. The general then will cross
again over into Canada and visit Vic
toria Vancouver and Winnipeg. On
March 19 he will be in Minneapolis and
Bl Paul. From March 20 to 21 he will
be in Chicago. From then until April
14 he will visit successively Cleveland,
Buffalo. Boston and Philadelphia. Gen
eral Booth will conclude his American
visit with a series of meetings and
! demonstrations in New York from
April 14 to 19. On April 20 he will sail
for England.
"General Booth's idea is not alone to
look over the work and progress of the
Salvation Army in the United States
and Canada, but in traveling through
these countries he will confer with a
number of the citizens of th» leading
cities concerning his schemes fcr the
assistance of the poor. He will inspect
ami sugest Improvement* in tho social
institutions which we have established
in this country, which now have ac
commodation for 4000 persons."
I Miring the day General Booth made
a >l>'tailed statement of his plans to the
newspaper reporters. Incidentally, he
si.<-k.> of his relations with his son. Bal
' llngton Booth. Upon this subject he
Bald that full explanations of the cause
of separation were given at the time
of the disagreement, and to these he
was unable to add anything.
"As to the present condition rrf my
daughter-in-law," he went on, "I have
I already expressed n.y deep sympathy
with my son, both by cable and by let
' ter. With respect to the causes that
have led up to this illness. I am to
tally in the dark. Commander Booth-
Tucker and my daughter, the Consul.
', have, I believe, already denied all
i blameworthiness on th«> part of the
leaders of the Salvation Army here for
this painful affliction
"Of my daughter, who is known to
every Christian throughout the length
and breadth of the world, I net-<l not
s.iy anything, while my long and inti
, mate acquaintance with Commander
Booth-Tucker and personal knowledge
' of th^ honorable career he has sacri
ficed in the Indian service to become a
worker with mo. gave me the highest
confidence in th<* wisdom of his admin
istration and the oorrect&ess of all
' statements he may have made on this
i or any other phase of the subject.
"A great deal of curiosity has been
' manifested, I am Informed, as to
\ whether I am going to have an inter
■ view with my son. To that I reply
that I have already asked for an inter
view on th» occasion of my present
■ visit. Whether it will be granted to
me in the form I have asked for— that
! is, without the Interference of any
other person — remain" to be seen."
Commander Balllngton Booth, of the
i Volunteers of America, was asked If he
would be willing to meet his father. H
said: "Most assuredly. I will meet
my father under the following condi
tions* which have been drawn by the
\ Rev. Josiah Strong:
"First— That there shall he arranged
an interview between General William
Booth and Commander Ralllngt.m
Booth at as early a date as possible.
"Second— That th»>y meet not In
their official capacity but as father and
. son.
'■Third— That Rev. Joslah Strong of
the Evangelical Society be invited to
be present as a witness, and that Dr.
Strong shall give th« result of such an
interview to the public."
SUED BY A MOTHER.
Oakland Woman Accused of Obtaining
Property Fraudulently.
SANTA CRtJZ. -Inn. ir> -Suit was
brought to-day by Catherine Gallagher
of Watson ville against her daughter,
Jane Klee of Oakland, to set aside a <I< >ed
to property valued at $27,000. Two years
ago Mrs. Gallagher executed a deed to
her daughter, with the understanding
that It was not to be recorded until after
her death. This was done so as to aviod
probate proceedings. The deed was
kept in a tin box in the bank. It was
agreed that neither should remove it
unless the other one was present.
A few days ago Mrs. Gallagher was
surprised to learn that the d»'e<i had been
recorded. She charges that the defend
ant surreptitiously removed the deed
from the box without her consent. The
plaintiff's entire Income i» derived from
the property.
HAMPERED
BY A LACK
OF DOCKS
How the Navy "Would
Fare in Case of
War.
Urgent Need of Better
Facilities Cannot Be
Overlooked.
Construction and Rapairs That
Should Not B© Longer
Delayed.
STARTLING FACTS STATED.
Only On« Dry-Dock on the Pacific
Coast Which Would Hold a
Largo Battleship.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. lo.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: In the event of war ope
rations the United States navy would
be seriously hampered by a lack of
docks; this is particularly true of
the North Atlantic squadron. Secre
tary Long- declares that the most urg
ent need of the navy is an increase of
docking facilities. Of eleven Govern
ment docks — nine on the Atlantic and
two on the Pacific Coast — three were
designed to accommodate battle-ships
of the first class, one at New York, one
at Port Royal, S. C, and one at Brem
erton, Washington, on Puget Sound.
Civil Engineer M. T. Endicott, who
returned to-day from the Brooklyn
navy-yard, where he has been in con
sultation with Naval Constructor
Bowles in regard to making repairs to
dry dock No. 3, informed Secretary
LK>ng that there is grave danger that
the key wall will give way. It is not
believed that the dock will be ready
for service until the entrance has been
rebuilt, and at least six months and
probably longer will be required to do
this. There is not only an insufficiency
of water at the entrance to Port Royal
dry dock, but the cross section of the
dock is too small to admit battle-ships
with bilge keels.
There is only one dock on the Pacific
Coast of sufficient size to dock modern
battle-ships. This is on Puget Sound,
900 miles from San Francisco. Ac
oesa to it is through a narrow channel
twenty miles long, onf side of which is
in possession of a foreign Government.
The battle-ships Indiana and Massa
chusetts were docked some months ago,
the former at Halifax and the latter
in dry dock No. 3, just before the
Brooklyn structure developed the de
fects. It is recognized by Naval au
thorities that Great Britain in
case of war would not per
mit United States men-of-war to
Use Canadian or English docks, and
this Government would consequently he
thrown on its own resources. At the
present time the department has been ;
Informed that the hulls of the battle- ; (
ships lowa. Indiana and Massachusetts j ,
art- foul and their speed has been ma- ; '.
terially decreased. Even should Xaval }
Constriu-tor liowles be successful in '
makinp repairs, some of the officials of
the department say that the dry dock
might be found to he too weak to ac
commodate a ship of 11,000 tons dis
plae.-nvnt. One of th» se pentlemen
pointed out to-day that the dry dock is
built on soil of a quicksand character, j
"Constant driving of sheet piling." he
said, "has undoubtedly resulted in
loosening the soil. You will recall that
•>n January 7 the earth back of the
winp wall on the easterly side of the '.
dock settled, carrying; with it the crane
tracks. Water and fine sand entered j
the pit between the caisson and the
tarn, and the flow finally resulted in a
cave-in. That illustrates the weakness
of the dock. The department will not
trust one of its costly battleships in a
structure of this character until small
er vessels sufficiently strong to stand
tumblinK about have tested its
strenpth."
When T saw Mr. Kndicott to-day he
declined to discuss the Brooklyn dry
dock question, but from another official
who knows what Mr. Kndicott did
while at the navy yard. I learned that
his Investigation shows that there is
; prave danger of the collapse of the en
tire entrance to the dock.
In his reports to the Senate and
House Naval Committee, Secretary
i Lone urped that docks be constructed
at Boston, Portsmouth, N. H.. and
Marc Island. Cat.; that dry-dock No.
i 2 at the New York navy-yard be fitted
with a concrete entrance ami widened
sufficiently to accommodate our larpest
battleships; that the present timber
dry-dock at Leneu* 1 Island be widened
and provided with a concrete entrance.
and that at Norfolk dry-dock be j
1 lengthened 150 feet, which will enable
j it to accommodate all except the very \
'■■ largest ships. A sub-committee of the I
i House Nnval Committee i«s considering ;
the naval appropriation Mil, and the
! Recretciry believes that the sub-com
mittee nnd committee, recognizing the
Imperative needs of docks, will make
provision for their construction, as he
I recommended.
SHOT BY HER SON.
Accident That May Cause the Death of a
Phatnix Woman.
PHOENIX. Ariz.. Jan. 15.— Mrs. J. C.
Rigdon. nped H years, is dying at her
home, four miles east of Phoenix, from
the efforts of a gunshot wound accident
ally received through the carelessness of
her 12-year-old son. The lad was clean
' Ing his shotgun this evening, finishing by
loadlng the weapon wtt'n duck shot. One
of the hammers whs tripped in some way,
| and the load was discharged into his
i mother's knee, she being distant but three
feet. Attending physicians say that the
wound Is fatal, more through the shock
received than the loss of blood that en
s'i^'l before medical assistance could be :
secured.
SUGAR AND WOOL IMPORTS.
Interesting Advance Reports Made by the
Bureau of Statistics.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The advance j
reports of the Bureau of Statistics show i
that during December last the imports of >
wool at the three leading ports amount
ed to 17.765.246 pounds, valued at $1,508,974.
This is an increase as compared with the
December returns for 1896 for the name }
ports of over 7,600.000 pounds and $880,000 !
in valuation.
The sugar imports at Boston. New
York, Philadelphia. Baltimore and San
Francisco during December last, exclu
sive of Hawaiian sugar (free), amounted
to 100.132.14S pounds, valued at 51, 923.793.
Tills is a decrease over November IV.C
of about 23,275,000 pounds.
DR. SCHENK'S
DISCOVERY
DISCUSSED
Attention Given Laws
Regulating the
Sexes.
Professors Speak of Some
Experiments Made
With. Insects.
Food an Important Factor
in Determining the
Problem.
CASE OF THE BEES CITED.
Starvation Known to Have Produced
Males and Good Feeding
Females.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 15.— Dr. Schenk's re
cently announced discovery of the law
regulating the sexos has been received
with a great deal of attention at Har
vard, especially among the biologists,
who lo<,-k upon the theory with kindly
eyes, being of the opinion that the doc
tor is possibly right. In the meantime,
the professors are discussing the sub
ject with much interest.
Professor C. B. Davenport of the de
partment says on the subject: "It is
probably possible to control the sexes.
Experiments have been made with in
sects, butterflies and even other groups,
with more or less success. There haa
been a theory prevalent for some time
that the sex can be determined by the
amount of nutrition taken by the moth
er during the embryonic stage. The
idea that excessive feeding may fix the
sex is in consequence nothing new,
Hnd the idea was the foundation of
(ieddes and Thomson's 'Evolution of
Sex.'
"The problem of sex revolves about
the idea as to whether the sex is deter
mined before fertilization, during it or
after fertilization. The general belief
hns been that it was determined subse
quently, and that the food of the moth
er had some influence in the deter
mination. Dr. Schenk's theory then is
new only in regard to the method he
employed, and, as he does not say what
that method is, I cannot be expected to
make any extended remarks upon it.
But he may be on the right trark. It
is quite possible that he has solved the
question."
Professor Parker has the following to
say: "The trouble about this whole
matter of the determination of the sex
is that very little is authoritatively
known on the subject. There have been
many experiments upon insects in
which starvation brought on males, and
feeding resulted in females. Undoubt
edly food has much to do with sex, but
it is not the only thing, and any the
ory depending upon that al«me is one
sided and does not answer every case.
The case of bees which is so often cit
ed, it must be remembered, is a fer
tilization. The difficulty with this the
ory of Dr. Schenk is it explains a cer
tain number of cases, but not all of
them. A good theory of sex will in
clude every kind of stimulus which is
known to- influence sex at all. By stim
ulus I mean natural cause. This stim
ulus may be made up of factors, in
some cases it may be fertilization, in
others it may be fond. In short. I
think that feeding is one of the factors,
but not the only one."
Dr. Henry P. Bowditoh of the Har
vard Medical School said: "I have
made this prcblem of ?ex a study at
one time, and Dr. Schenk has at dif
ferent times sent me copies of some of
his papers. From what has been pub
lished of the solution which Dr. Schenk
has found I am able to say very little,
still I see no reason why some law
should not be found which will deter
mine the sex of a child. It is a great
problem, and the man who- solves it
will gain everlasting fame."
Lord Doug/as of Hawick.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Lord Douglas of
Hawick, eldest, son of the Marquis of
Queensberry, was a passenger on the
American line steamer St. Paul, which
arrived here to-day from Southampton.
He la on his way to Sauli Ste. Marie.
Canada, where he will stay for six
months at least, with Lady Douglas and
his two children. Lord Doug-las has con
siderahle property interests there.
NEW TO-DAY.
J|Q___BHL 1 n , v v."T;:
*-^ ■!■— — ■—^— ■— I" 1U of a ten-story
I window
* ~j g jf |j~ \[ — you'd natu-
t— »7 ■ •}! — ' — ]! — "■*"}!" "~ rally say he
■ jff_ f^ /  * • ** UCdu
.^JC. jfytT C^>^-^ I'" perhaps he
_ )L— -I p^^Vs^ is and then
J 1 again, per-
m m ay save
ts^£ /id/SS^ in s that win
let him down
/tr^^f '^KB easy, so he
\ s'iy 88 may be sound
y>»^ and well to-
"V- morrow. You
never know what may save a man who
seems to be as good as dead.
Many a man who seemed to be dying of
consumption, and whom the doctors pro-
nounced just as good as dead, has got we"
and strong and hearty again by usip_- or.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. This
wonderful medicine has shown the doctors
that consumption isn't always a fatal dis-
ease. It can be cured if you get at the
germs of it in the blood and clear them out
♦ u -..ou£hly. That is what this " Discovery"
does. It makes new blood, — healthy blood.
The germs of consumption can't exist in
healthy blood. They simply let go their
hold and are carried out of the system ;
then the new blood builds up new tissue,
new flesh, new power, new life. It carries
vitality to the lungs, the bronchial tubes and
every other part of the body.
It cures people after cod liver oil has
failed, because their digestive organs are
too weak to digest fat-foods. The " Discov-
ery " makes the digestion strong.
For thin and pale and emaciated people
there is no flesh-builder in the world to
compare with it. It doesn't make flabby
fat, but hard, healthy flesh. It builds nerve-
power and force and endurance. It is never
safe to pronounce any one " dying of con-
sumption," or any other wasting disease,
until this marvelous "Discovery" has been
given a fair trial.
Dr. Pierces thousand-page illustrated
book, "The People's Common Sense Med-
ical Adviser "will be sent free paper-bound
for the cost of mailing only, 21 one-cent
stamps. Cloth-bound, 10 stamps extra.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce, Buffalo, N. Y. -V
NEW TO-DAY.
What it's going to cost you to
go to the Klondike.
To keep the chill off the body
we have the very best of outfits.
To feed the inner man we have
the very best of Groceries and
Provisions.
What you want to wear on
the feet — only the most depend-
able kind of footwear.
What you want to wear on
the head — we have the very
latest and most approved and
warm, comfortable headwear.
The prices of these goods will
prove a veritable surprise;
they're all contained in our
folder, and for
YOUR NAME AND
ADDRESS
WE WILL IN RETURN
SEND YOU THIS
FOLDER.
We have already outfitted .sev-
eral large parties going to
Alaska. They were people who
shopped from place to place, wise
ones, but we captured the prize —
we got the orders. Prices, Qual-
ity and Assortment got them for
us.
We have devoted an entire
floor, covering a space of 14,70;)
square feet. Our name for ster-
ling value-giving stands back of
every garment.
' THE
WEEKLY
CJILL
It Publishes the Cream of th«
"3 News or the Week an/
2 MANY ATTRACTIVE AND
cJ ORIGINAL FEATURES.
A it IS THE BEST'Wfc-EKLV
__* PAPRR ON THE
PACIFIC COAST
s\~ / "
°^ The 6est \ /Mining
°} lei-g raphic \S dews That
&£ Service on /'\ Is Accurate
ex The Coast / \& up to data
>^ —
->x Not a Line of it Sensational
c/ or Faky, and Nut a Line of
it Dry or Uninteresting.
O( Bright, Clean, A Champion of
_l Thoughtful. Irutb.
4 _o_ _ =
©/ A CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPEB
Jj ALL THf. TIME.
2 IT ADVOCATES SENT PY
J HOME MAIL, v«^t
©< UvDISTi«FS A YLC
; ; ; '
n. HALL'S REINVWORATOR
*iwT""p^y Five hundred reward for any caja
fis*- BsaSgare cannot cure. This secret remedy
a DR. losses In 24 hours, cured
Ti\e hundred reward for any caj«
f'.ops all losses In 24 hours, cured
«S fe^a Emissions, Impotency, Varicocele,
TjFi TilT! Gonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures.
fjVIJ *V J' 1 " 1 - 1 Manhood and all wasting ef-
Sfivi S* fects of -abuse or excesses. Sent
cfhgffrtaa* sealed IS bottle; 3 l>.->tth-s. $i; guar
Itocure. Address HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE, 855 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also
for sale at 1 073 » 2 Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
s ■ —
Q visit DR. JORDAN'S G««t
fmm Museum of Anatomy
l^^V IC6I JIAS2IT ST. let. 6th 4 7th, S. T. C«L
I * M The Larjeitof Its kind in tt>e World.
l<Has?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
i VT^VH Hk Conaulutiea free. Write for Cook
vl I of Carriage.
* ** MAI LEO FREE.
34
PLACES UNFIT
FOR THE SICK
San Francisco's Hospital
and Pesthouse Are
Condemned.
State Health Board Says They
•Should Be Removed as
Disgraceful.
Woodland Physician Found Respon
sible for a Recent Diphtheria
Epidemic.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. lo.— The State
Board of Health held a meeting here
this evening. The board resolved that
the City Hospital and Pesthouse in Elan
Francisco are unsanitary, find in evfry
respect unfit for the retention of the
sick, and should be rondemnfi and re
moved as disgraceful.
The action of the San Francisco
Board of Supervisors in authorizing a
garbage incineration plant was com
mended.
A communication was read from Dr.
M. Gardner, medical director of the
Southern Pacific Company, announcing
that cars were now disinfected on en
tering the State from the South. The
quarantine on vessels coming from
Mexican ports was raised, there being
no infectious diseases at these ports.
A report had been made that the
Stockton Asylum, with 1500 patients,
had only fourteen cases of consump
tion, while the Southern California
asylum, with less than 500 patients, re
ported fifty cases, besides several
doubtful ones.
Dr. Henderson, who had been investi
gating the spread of diphtheria at
Woodland, reported that at least one
physician there had failed to report
diphtheria rases, and ha i in a nu
of pronounced cases reported them to
be tonsilitis and membranous croup.
As the cases had not been quarantined
the disease had spread. He ordered
that tonsilitis cases be quarantined,
and the spread of the disease was
checked.
Dr. Crowley v.-ns authorized to attend
the meeting and quarterly cente
.of the National Board of Health fit De
troit and then go to Washington and
confer with th« Secretary of Agricul
ture In regard to quarantining against
spl»n°t!^ fever in cattle.
Many cases of leprosy having: ap
peared recently in this State Dr. Morse
•was authorized to po to the Hawaiian
Islands and study the disease and th<*
best methods of treating it and report
thereon.
The next meeting of the board will
be held the second Saturday in Feb
ruary In San Francis.-".
NEW FRENCH EMBASSADOR
IS DULY PRESENTED.
Diplomats Arrayed in Full Uniform Present
an Imposing Spectacle at the
White House.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 15.— The new
French Errbassador. Jules Cambon. was
presented to President IfcKlnley to-day
at 11 o'clock. The presentation was per
formed by Secretary Sherman, who did
not receive the Embassador at the State
Department, according to the usual cus
tom, but met him at the White 0
M. Cambon was accompanied by Paul Le
faivre, who has been the Charge of the
embassy since the departure of M. Pate
notre, and also three other members of
the embassy staff, all arrayed in full
uniform and making p.n impressive spec
tacle on the hn : the White
House. The party . .ed in the
red parlor by the President. The speeches
were a little out of the ordinary run of
commonplaces, from the fact that they
breathed on both sidrs an attachment
growing out of the ancl'-nt alliance of the
United States nnd France.
TERRIBLE SUICIDE OF
BOOKKEEPER GREEN LEAF.
Jumps From the Sixteenth Floor of the
Masonic Temple and His Body Is
Mangled to a Pulp.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— Alfred C. Green
leaf, a bookkeeper, committed suicide to
day by jumping from the sixteenth floor
of the Masonic Temple. Greenleaf had
been out of employment for some time,
and, becoming despondent, decided to
make way with himself. His first attempt
was raado In the Chamber of Commerce
building, where he was caught in th(* act
of jumping over the railing from the
twelfth floor to the rotunda, and »•
from the buildlnp. He then went to the
Masonic Temple, ascended to the six
teenth floor, climbed upon the railing and
jumped off into the rotunda. His body
struck a marble landing on the third
floor, shattered a slab two inches thick,
and landed on the balcony of the second
floor. The body was reduced to a miTu
pulp. Greenleaf's fall was witnessed by
scores of people in the rotunda.
STANDARD OF TEA.
Work of the Board of Experts in Session at
New York.
NEW YORK. Jan. 13.— The United
States Board of Tea Experts, which has
been holding executive sessions in this
city for the purpose of considering and
adopting standards to govern the im
portation of teas for the ensuing year,
announced to-day that four of the eigh
teen standards to be adopted had been
decided upon. The standards adopted are
practically those of last year, and govern
the importation of Japanese leas, in the
schedule of standards they are known as
Japan tea. Japan dried; Japan tea. sun
dried: Japan tea, basket find and Japan
tea, dust or farmings. In the first three
the condition is made that the maximum
percentage of dust or farmings must not
exceed 4 per cent, when slfte<' through
a No. 30 sieve made of brass wire No. 31.
The board has yet to determine fourteen
standards. The board announces that no
especial effort will he made to raise the
standard of last season.
PRESIDENT CHANDLER
LAUGHED AT THE RUMOR.
Declares That the Postal Telegraph and
Cable Company Will Not Be Absorbed
by the Western Union.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.-A report was !
circulated in this and other cities last
right to the effect that the Western
Union Telegraph Company had absorbed
the Commercial Cable and Postal Tele
graph Company. Albert C. Chandler, i
president of the Postal Telegraph and \
Cable Company, laughed when he heard j
the rumor. He said that there was abso- i
lutely no truth in It and it had no foun
dation whatever.
Better Than Klondike.
"Wnntc".— Parties with from $500 to 110,000 to
oontrol pale or manufacture of patent to hitch
and unhitch horsea without getting out of the
vehicle. Prevents runaway*. Profit on sales.
$50,000 yearly. No canvassing. New York and
Illinois sold. Call at once and get choice of
territory. I. B. Snell, rm. 137. L!ck Hou»e,
Montgomery, near Market, Ban Francisco, Cal.
RELIEF GOES
TO DAWSON CITY
No Movement Yet to Stop
the Proposed Govern
ment Expedition.
Uncie Sam Wants Official Ad
vices as to the Condition
Of Minei*s.
Canadian Officials Sny They Will
Keep Food Trains Moviny Until
Spring Opens.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
\rw Y< >RK, Jan. ir>.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
"The Government relief expedition will
be sent to the Yukon region unless of
ficial advices direct from Dawson
should |ved announcing that the
miners are amply supplied with food."
This statement was made to me to
nitrht i>y Acting Secretary lfieklejohn.
Mr. Mieklejohn states that there is no
truth in the report that the Govern
ment Will postpone the date of the de
parture of the expedition.
"We have only hearsay Information
from Dawson City in regard to the sit
uation." he said. "Major Hucker <>f
the Fourth Cavalry telegraphed yes
terday that miners coming from Daw
son City had reported that there was
ample food there, and this information
is in line with the statements these
miners have made upon their arrival
at cities on the Pacific Coast."
Mr. Mieklejohn is making an earnest
effort to pet an official statement in re
pa rd to the condition of miners in the
Yukon region. He telegraphed to
day to the Canadian authorities ask
ing them if they had any official In
formation, receiving this reply from
Minister Seftou to-night:
"My reports Indicate no immediate
danger of starvation at Dawson, t>ut
there is a great necessity for provi
sions being distributed between Tort
Selkirk and Bkaguay at various |
I believe the Ice has formed all the way
through now. Our provisions are being
pushed down by bones and dogs. I
intend to keep supplies moving unti the
water opens in the spring, to avoid any
possibility of disaster."
Another of the old New York pilot
boats has found a new career, and it
lies in an expedition to the Klondike.
Her name is the Actala, of ninety-two
tons, which has just been pun -
by C. C. McCarthy, recently first
of the steamer St&rbuck of San Fran
clscq, who is fitting her out for a voy
age to the Klondike around the Horn.
She will be commanded by her owner,
and will have a crew of six men. Ten
ngers are also to be taken along,
among v h<>ni are three women. Cap
tain McCarthy expects to sail about
January 20. The Actala was originally
buiit for a pleasure craft, and was first
owned by W. F. Weld of Boston, in
whose possession she remained for
some years before she became a. pilot
boat of the Sandy Hook lleet.
IS OUT OF WORK.
Sorry Plight of a Young Calif ornian Stranded
at Dawson City.
SAN RAFAEL, Jan. 15.— Word has at j
last been received from the party of i
three young men who left here last
year during the Klondike excitement to ;
search for gold in the frozen north. The
expedition "was composed of EC. C Kirk,
L. Emerson and C. Bergesen, all well
known here. Their object was to es- i
tablish a paper in Dawson City, but
the press and type were deserted and
left on the trail while the party pressed
• in. Backing the young men
some of the best-known people in San
Rafael. Rumors that the party bad
perished in the snow -were current, but
a letter received by James H. Wilklns,
of San Rafael yesterday, although tell
ing of hardship and suffering, is en
couraging to the extent of informing
th^ir friends that they are still alive.
Following is the letter in part:
DAWSON CITY, N. w. T.. Nov. 21.
Mr, Wllkins: i wrote you some days
.'ip.i about our arrival here — how the boys
abandoned the printing outfit at I
and how we were unable to prooure pro
visions here. Kirk and Bergcaen are
working a lay and are securing provis
ions. Sy practicing the most ritd'l econ
omy I can pull through until the Ural
boat arrives, I hope, liut I want to get
• f this country before I starve to
death, for unless I can raise the D
me out on the first I \y be
lieve 1 shall newer get out. • • • 1
have been up ai.d down the gulch look
ing for work and can . abso
lutely none. There Is not employment
fur one-fourth of the people here, and
will be none; it's a case f eat your grub
and Starve unless you can get out. Over
a thousand men will have to risk their
lives in getting out this winter or starve.
NtN >t a pound for salo in either
The country is all right if you have
E!ent\* of provisions and money. If you
aye not it would be better if you were
in Hades, l feel that i am In great
peril and I ask you for God's sake to help
me out. I'll be the most contented kid
in California when I get hack, and I'll
repay every cent you have put on me.
• • • I wish I had taken your advice
and remained where I was. but if you
will help me out of this city Of famine
I'll work my hands to the bone ir
, service. The trip has benefited me and
I am in perfect health.
Advise all you know to stay out of
i here, unless they have a thousand dol
! lars and a thousand pounds of grub.
I remain yours, L. EMERSON.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
Monthly Statement Showing Trade Condi-
tions of the United States.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 13.— The monthly
statement of exports and imports issued
by the Bureau of Statistics shows that
the exports of domestic merchandise for
December last amounted to J123.151.743, an
i!.f-re;ise as compared with December,
1896, of over $6,000,0u0. For the twelve
months the Increase was over $93,000,000.
The imports of merchadise during De
cember last amounted to $51,514,733, of
which $34,184,580 was free of duty. This is
a falling r.ff In the dutiable merchandise
of over t&JU#>ftOO. For the twelve months
the Increase was about $54,500,000. The
gold exports for December last amounted
to $i7:-S.. r >3B, and the imports to $2.11').<j13.
For the twelve months there was a de
crease in the exports of $23,873,087, and a
decrease in the imports of $71,481,781.
The exports of silver during the last
month aggregated $5,800,271, and the im
ports $1,083 162.
The year's figures show a decrease In
the silver exports of $4,711,062, and 1057.527
in the imports.
/Catherine Grey Seriously 111.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— Kalherino Or«y, '
the San Francisco actress, Is seriously ill
In the Hotel San Remo. The hotel at- j
tachefi and her physicians will say Both- I
Ing 1 about the nature of her complaint, j
Miss Grey had a leadinp female role in j
company No. 2of "The First Born." She <
made her first su< ceaa in New York as
Helen Kerry in "Shore Acres," on the
original production of that piece.
Parchment used on the best banjos
is mtde from wolfskin.
TITE SAX FUAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXFAEY 16, 189 S.
APPROPRIATION
FOR THE ARMY
Two Hours' Debate on the
Bill by Members of
the House.
An Increase in the Amount
Asked Due to the Im
proved Service.
1
Euiogies on the Life and Public Serv
ice of the Late Representative
Milliken.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 15.
The House devoted two hours to gen
eral debate on the army appropriation
bill and the remainder of the day to
eulogizing the life and public service
of the late Representative Seth W.
Milliken of Maine, who served for four
teen years in the lower branch of Con
gress.
Immediately after the reading of the
journal Star (P.) of Nebraska rose to a
question of privilege to deny a publi
cation in a local paper that he had act
i attorney in the pension case of
Jackson \v. Cheney. As a Rep:
tative he said he had Interested him
self in the case, but he bad never acted
as an attorney in his life.
On motion of I.anham (D.) of T
a bill was passed authorising the Pres
ident to appoint an additional District
Judge for the northern district of
Texas. It was explained that Judge
r, now Judge Of the district, was
utterly Incapacitated from his duties.
The House then went Into commit
tee of the whole and took up the army
appropriation bill. The bill, as Chair
man Hull of the Military Committee
explained, carried 123.185,990. or $:
751 less than the estimates and $.">■;. 74>;
in excess of the law for the current
year. The increase in the pay of the
army was dv-- to the fact that the army
was nearer its maximum strength than
heretofore. A new provision in the bill
required the payment of troops by the
paymaster in person.
The general debate on the bill was
desultory and not confined to the sub
tnatter dealt with by the bill.
Henry (D.) "f Texas took occasfc
•denounce Secretary Gage's funding
Bcheme,
Terry (D.) <>' Arkansas made S'>me
ut the pi • tariff.
and (Gainer • i.i '. > of
the claim of the publishing ho
the Methodist Episcopal Church South.
A: I ..'dock f was sus;>
to give the members an opportunity to
pay tribute to the memory <>f the late
tentative Milllken of Maine.
Speaker Reed occupied the chair dur
ing the delivering '>:' tie- eulogies.
Those who spoke were: Burleigh
(R i ■'{ Maine, who succeeded Milli
ken; Dlngley (R.) o? Maine. p..utelle
<X i of Maine, Dinsmore <D.l of Ar
kansas. Skinner (I>. ) of N"rth Caro
lina, Mer er < X."> Of Nebraska. Hil
born <X.) of California, Hicks <R.) of
Pennsylvania and Little (D.) of Ar
kansas.
At 3.2r> p. m.. as a further mark of
respect, the House adjourned.
FUNDS WERE LOOTED
BY MANAGER REINECKE
Career of Dishonesty Revealed by the Fail-
ure of the Kentucky Trust Company,
an 0/d Corporation.
LOUISVILLE. Jan. ir> — The assign
ment of the Kentucky Trust Company to
the Columbia Finance and Trust Compa
ny was filed this afternoon. The UabiH
,; • - : Th<»
• : by Reinecke,
who was allowed to manage all its af
fairs. Reinecke was here thirty-flve
and had the confidence of all his
countrymen. He spoke six lans .
and was a splendid musician. He was the
Italian • Consul here and is allegi
baVe appropriated much of the money
that was Intrusted to him to remit to the
old country. He has a brother who is ;i
musical composer of note In Oem
He is married and has relatives In Cin
cinnati.
HIS BETROTHED
WAITS IN VAIN
Strange Disappearance of John
Sweetnam, Late of
Novato.
Departed Without Having o-cupied
a House Which He Had Just
Purchased.
Special Plspatrh to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL. .lan. 15.— Tn a little
homo in Boston. Mass., there Is a heart
broken maiden who Is anxiously await
ing tidings of John Sweetnam of Novato,
a dairying town thirteen miles from here.
In Bedford. Mass, there is a brother,
George EL Sweetnam, who also is await
ing knowledge of whether his brother is
living or not. Sweetnam's disapt>earance
Is one of the mysteries of the little town
of Novato, and interest has been revived
by developments which leaked out to
day.
In August of last year John Sweetnam
purchased some land in Novato with the
purpose of making the place his home.
Sweetnam then drove to Petaluma, where
he mortgaged his property for $450 and
proceeded with the money to buy lumber
for a boose. Tin- lumber was paid for
and delivered and Sweetnam had money
lejt— about $100, it is suld. Soon after he
returned he hitched his horse to his cart
and without a word to any one drove
away. From that day the people of
Novato have not set eyes upon him.
Constable Devoto took the. east* in
charge, and has been energetic Jn his ef
forts to trace Sweetnam. Devotq learned
that Sweetnam, after leaving Novato, had
gone to Angel Island, where he has ■
trunk. Letters were found there that led
to the discovery of his sweetheart ami
brother in the East. Sweetnam had left
Angel Island and from there dropped out
of sight. It is possible that he may have
become deranged and was sent to an
asylum. Constable Devoto will ascertain
by inquiry if such is the case, but the
prospects of finding him in any of the
State's institution is slight.
George H. Sweetnam. the brother of the
missing man. has written t.» Devoto ask
ing for information and appealing tr> thf
authorities to locate his brother, if he still
lives. His address is Bedford, Mass., or
246 Devonshire street. Boston.
in th<- letter from the jrotmg •woman
she pleads that something may be done
on the part of the authorities or others to
learn the whereabouts of her betrothed.
Estate of M- F Wlndel.
The estate of Henri Frederick Wlndel
has been appraised at 558,589 49. The es
tat" consists of personal property solely.
The last ■will of George Scharetg was
filed for probate yesterday. The estate,
consisting of personal property, the value
of whirh is unknown, is bequeathed to
the widow of the decedent.
SEAMEN ARE
NOT SLAVES
Repeal of a Statute Mak
ing Them Such Is
Urged.
Andrew Furuseth's Mission to
Washington Will Be
Successful.
Imprisonment of a Sailor for Viola
tion of a Civil Contract a Relic
of Barbarism.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 15.
Captain Thomas Wallace of San
Francisco is at th»- Kljcks House. He
is here to attend the convention of
masters and pilots, which meets n^xt
week. Andrew Furuseth of San Fran
cisco is also here and will urge the re
peal of the T'nited States statute
which provides the penalty of imprison
ment for seamen who leave their ships
In harbor and refuse to carry out their
sailing contracts.
It will he recalled that the United
States Supreihq r<>urt in the Arago
i-'d that this statute (passed
in 1790t is sril] in force and Is constitu
tional. Therefore, the only remedy for
• is to have this odious stat
ute repealed. Mr. Furuseth contends,
with reason, that the imprisonment of
a sallt r for violation of a civil contract
Is ;i species of slave lab^r and is a
relic of barbarism.
He says the fugitive slave law of
R*aS based <>n this same statute,
which was never repealed, but should
be He justly contends that there is
no more reason for imprisoning a
sailor who violates a civil contract
than a land-lubber laborer who does
likewise.
A bill for its repeal will be urjfed by
Maguire in the House and Perkins in
the Senate. The seamen will also urpe
the passage of a bill requiring the
"bridge officers" of vessels, first.
ond and third mates, to be licensed;
also a bill requiring that for neglect of
giving pr ils or orders pilots
and officers of -hall be tried
and convicted by .i board of three in
stead of a single inspector before their
license is revoked.
A HOME RULE
CHARTER ONLY
Dr. J. H. Stallard Gives His
Views on Organic
Law Making.
No One Man Power, No Civil Serlvce
System, but a Constructive Non-
Administratiyo Document
Dr. J. 11. Stallard lectured in the Me
chanics' Institute last night on a "Home
Rule Charter.' He prefaced his remarks
by giving his experience of twenty-five
years In London, where he had been con
nected win the great problem of muni
cipal government. The English system of
conducting city affairs was contrasted
with that of the American as he found it.
Statistics from the various leading
American cities were referred to, which
went to show that v. , are far behind
our English cousins in the manner of
running large municipalities. Figures
from the Auditor's reports of this city
were quoted to show the woeful extrav
agance of our system.
In 1889 and 181*0 the total in salaries
alone was $2,274,293. This was increased
during the seven following years, until
In 1896 and 1897 it had grown to $3,173.391— a
difference of $$99,0'.i8, or at the rate of
$128,444 a year. The various Commission
ers' departments were shown up to be
nothing but places especially created for
political time-servers who owe their al
legiance to the political bosses. The
greatest of all of the many evils was
pointed out to be the License Ofnee.
where the salaries had Increased from
$2* .729 in •■'.< and 1"." to $40,721 in 1596 and
1597, without any perceptible increase in
the revenues; yet there was $11,992 ex
pended for salaries alone. Other offices
were cited also to show the rottenness of
our present system of city government.
He advocated the idea that a charter
for the people should be framed and
adopted upon the principle of a railroad
board of directors.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Senator Perkins Interested in the Transpor-
tation of Goods in Bond Through British
an/ American Territory to Dawson.
WASHINGTON. Jan. 10.-Senator P. r
klns w.is ;it th«- Treasury Department this
morning and s.iw Commissioner of Xavl- j
gation Chamberlain relative to the trans
portation of goods in bon<l Cor British
territory through American territory to I
Dawson City. This Is not only to Include
the transportation of relief supplies for
the Klondike, but is Intended to apply
to the. transportation of all goods Into
that country. The visit of Canadian
Minister of the Interior Sefton was made
fur this purpose Senator Perkins was
given to understand at the Treasury De
partment that there would be no diffi
culty about the transportation of goods
in bond to Dawson and that the regula
tions would be Issued during the lirst
part or' next week, probably on Monday.
As the goods are to be shipped from Van
couver (British territory* through Ameri
< an territory into Dawson City, inspectors
or surveyors of customs will be appointed
to supervise this transportation of (funds
in bond from St. Michaels up the Yukon,
• uptne and Stickeen rivers.
i'< nsions have been granted as follows:
California: original --James A. Morri
son. Pan Diego. $10; .Tames N. Qettys,
Stockton. JR. Original widows, etc.—
Martha J. Case. San Francisco. $8; Mary
Havens. Pasadena. JS. Minors of Owen
Byrnes. Hut-tm vista. $12.
Oregon: Original— Da r. ford R. Odell,
Portland. J*; Patrick Murphy Coles Val
ley. $y Increase— Arthur Bridges. Marsh-
Beld, V t<. US. original widows, etc.—
Sarah V. Reickarda, Baker City, $8.
Washington: original widows, etc.—
Sciota CabansU, Seattle. $12.
Superintendent of the Mint l>ach was
at the Treasury Department to-day and
made a protest* against, any reduction of
wages of San Francisco Mint employes.
Mrs. M.Kenna and Miss Marie Mc-
Kenna have issued cards for a reception
on Tuesday at f> o'clock. When Miss
Marie will make her debut.
Senator Perkins and Representative
Barham have recommended the reap
pointment of F. J. Thompson as receiver
of the land office at Eureka, Cal.
Robber Irwin Arraigned.
SAN JOSE, Jan. Isaac Irwln, alias
Marvin, who robbed and nearly killed E.
A. Brown last Saturday morning, was ar
raigned before Justice Gass to-day on a
charge of grand larceny. His examina
tion was set for January 18, with bail
fixed at $.?000. An additional charge of as
sault with intent to commit murder will
be placed against Irwtn. . The whole of
the $200 taken was recovered.
RAIN WELCOMED
BY THE FARMER
Light Showers Fall in
Several Sections of
the State.
More Are Needed to Give, an
Impetus to Grain and
Fruit Crops.
Extent of the Damage by the Recent
Froats in Los Angeled
County.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— Rain began
falling in San Jose and vicinity this
morning and continued at intervals
until evening. In all .10 of an inch
fell. The farmers are pleased because
the indications point to another down
pour. Several inches more of rain is
needed to meet the demands of the
soil. A few more rains, and the Santa
t'ktra Valley will be assured of large
crops, both of fruit and grain.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— There was
a short shower of light rain here this
afternoon, which probably pleased the
farmers. The continued frosts and
cold weather, it is said, are keeping
back the grain, which will not make
much headway until a warmer speil
comes on. No complaints of a lack of
moisture are heard here. The crops
are in a state of statu quo, so to speak.
The grain is all In the ground, awaiting
only warm weather, with occasional
rains, to show rapid growth. There
are no reports of injury to crops in
this section from drought or other
causes, but they are retarded and held
back by cold weather. As soon as the
conditions change, the growing crops
will come right along.
The County Horticultural Commis
sioners report the chief damage of the
week's frost to have occurred in the
neighborhood of Downey and Rivera.
Many of thr- orchards there suffered se
verely, fruit and young trees being
frozen in many instances. The da:
occurred in streaks, following the ex
treme lowlands and gulches. Lemons
were also injured. Fruit insp
have condemned a quantity of frosted
oranges offered in open market in this
city. The damage to trees and fruit oc
curred only on lands unfit for citrus
cultivation. The high foothill orchards
.■•!•■ not affected by the touch of low
temperature.
STOCKTON. Jan. 15.— The rainfall
to-day was very light, and had no ef
p outlo -k. The farmers
have generally finished plowing and
are awaiting heavy falls of rain, hut
no damage is feared from the delayed
downpours, and tlvre is no present fear
of a dry season, for it is remembered
that last year there was very little
rain until February and then it came
too fast and crops suffered for late
rains In the spring. It is the late rains
that make crops, and farmers feel no
anxiety until the spring opens. While
the winter rains hold off the indications
are good for late spring rains, and
these make the farmers glad. The acre
age in this county will be larger than
for many ypars. and from the present
outl<-..,k the crops will be abundant.
The rainfall in Southern California
during the week was sufficient in most
cases for general farm work. Plowing
and seeding has started afresh and
there is general confidence of a full
crop. Early sown grain is doing well
and pasturage has revived. The total
rainfall for the season is 3.77 inches.
The indications are for more rain dur
ing the next twenty-four hours. The
maximum temperature to-day was 62
degrees, minimum temperature 40 de
-
BAN DTEOO, Jan. 15.— The late rain
has removed all present danger of the
grain prop failing. The acreage is much
r than last year. Early in the sea
son immense tracts were sown to grain,
which is already well advanced. This
is notably tho case in the Santa Maria.
Xl Cajon, Poway, Kscondido and D?l
Mar districts, in all of which an in
■ed acreage has been planted.
Since the last storm farmers have been
busy sowing more grain. The weather
is clear here to-night.
WHEAT MEN ARE
RATHER ANXIOUS
Watching for the Storm Which
Is Traveling Interior
ward.
More Rain Will Fall Throughout the
Coast According to Pre
dictions.
The wh*at men throughout San Joa
qutn Valley are watching anxiously for
the storm which Is traveling in that di
rection according to the reports of Fore
cast Official Hammon. It will mean con
siderable to the growers there if a heavy
rain should fall within the next few days.
The storm is slowly advancing toward
the Interior, and in the mean time more
rain is expected to fall along the coast
during the next twenty-four hours! The
forecast during to-day states that South
ern California will have rain as well as
the northern portions. The summary
states that the storm that was hovering
over Vancouver Island has divided, a por
tion advancing eastward and the other
traveling toward Oregon, thence south
through Nevada,
Cloudy weather still continues in San
I.vis Obispo County, accompanied by
southerly winds, as far south as Bakers
rl-ii). The Sacramento Valley has been
visited by the recent downpour, and snow
has been reported at Imnsmuir. It is re
ported that the temperature has risen all
o\er the coast, especially noticeable in
portions of Nevada.
The peculiar shape and wide area of the
storm movement accounts to a certain
extent for its slow progress.
SOMNAMBULIST LIES DOWN
IN SNOW TO SLEEP.
Thinly Clad He Walks From a Train and Is
Found When Near to His
Death.
LOS ANGET.ES. Jan. 15.— Ouster Mc-
Kay, the IS-year-old son of Mr. and Mrs.
Jamos L. McKay of Oakland, came with
in fifteen minutes of being frozen to
death at Tehachapl on Thursday morn
ing. The young man is subject to som
nambulism and while en route to the
City of Mexico with his mother he left
the train at Tehachapi. clad only In his
underclothes. The train proceeded on its
way and after young McKay had. while
■ound nsleep, wandered about In the snow
for a while he lay down and started on
his slumber of death. A railway man on
his way stumbled over his snow-covered
body and took the young fellow to the
depot, where medical aid was summoned.
It took hard work to brinj the boy to
consciousness.
PARADISE FOR
THE POOR MAX
Booth-Tucker Talks of the
Salvation Colony at
Soledad.
Returning to New York He Is
Enthusiastic Over the
Project.
Unstinted in His Praise for the Many
Kindnesses or Landlord
C. F. Romie.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15.— Commander
Booth-Tucker has just returned from
a visit to his newly founded colony at
Soledad. Cal., of which he speaks en
thusiastically. It is a poor man's par
adise, he declares.
"To Northern and Eastern people,"
he said to-day, "the idea of opening our
homestead colony on January 5 might
not have seemed wise, but out there It
appeared quite a natural thing. The
people of the valley declare that the
clouds have been held up by the pray
ers of Salvationists till they could get
the roofs on thirty neat cottages that
dot their 500-acre tract of land. And,
curiously enough, just as we took the
i train to leave, the clouds spread them
| selves over the valley. Mr. C. F. Ro
| mie Is a fine type of the hospitable
California^, and he has placed at our
disposal what is generally admitted to
be one of the choicest spots in the val
ley. Innumerable have been the kind
nesses of our sympathetic landlord.
More than 2000 trees for ornament and
shade await transplanting. An irri
gation plant is to be purchased for our
use and paid for in easy installments.
The land itself is sold at a ' reduced
price and in time payments. "
"And the colonists, what sort of peo
ple are they?"
"Well, they were the pick of 400 fam
ilies numbering 2000 persons, who had
applied, mostly living in San Francis
co. Ninety per cent of the applicants
had had more or less experience, hav
ing drifted to the city, and being anx
ious for an opportunity of getting bark
into the country. All of the selected
families were able-bodied agricultu
rists. For three months past they had
been attending weekly colonist meet
ings, at which Professors Hilgard and
Jaffa and a Salvationist graduate of
the Agricultural College had been giv
ing lectures on a variety of farming
I'subjects."
Library Association of Central California.
At the annual election of the Library
Associatlon of Central California, held
last night in the rooms of the San Fran
cisco Teachers' Club. Mercantile Library
building, the following officers were fleet
ed for the ensuingyear: President, Gi
T. Clark, librarian San Francisco Pub
lic Library: vice-president, A. M. Jellt-
Sin, librarian Mechanics" Institute; sec
retary. F. J. Teggart. .-lssistant librarian
Stanford I'niversity: treasurer, Miss Em
ily I. Wode, San Francisco Public Li
brary.
The total number'of gypsies In Hun
gary is estimated at 185,000.
"'" : NEW TO-DAY.
HlTi^W>ionixPECTS GREAT VALUE \
FREE
Will Surely Be Doomed to Disappointment.
HE WHO OFFERS GREAT VALUE
FREE
Usually Deceives Those Who Seek It.
EXPERIMENTS $ M \<A DELAYS
HAZARDOUS. iff^liLi DANGEROUS.
DOCTOR SWEANY, r
Established 15 Years
ATT ■ .'
737 MARKET STREET.
WASTING AND WEAKENING DISEASES IN MEN.
VAITVfi MAV If you are suffering from early indiscretions, excesses or unnatural
lUtnU lUALI losses, which rob the blood of its richness and the body of its ani-
mating Influences, which enfeebles the constitution, weakens the brain and finally
results in impotency, paralysis and insanity; if you are tormented with unnatural
lust or morbid fear; if your days are passed with distressing thoughts of your
disease and your nights with frightful dreams and unrefreshing sleep; if your
memory is failing, if you are bashful and unfit for business or marriage; if you
have purple spots before the eyes and a wandering mind; if you have all or any of
these symptoms, you are suffering from Seminal Weakness and its kindred ailments.
Do not be deluded with the false hop.? that Nature will come to your relief, but
bravely cast aside all shame and lay your case before Doctor Sweany. His experi-
ence in treating such diseases has been world-wide. His success in effecting- cures
almost phenomenal. He has cured thousands of others and he can cure you.
WFIY R4flk^~ unmistakable sign of diseased kidneys. Does your back ache?
IT CAR u.-lvlw Do you have sediment or brick-dust deposit? Have you weakness
of the sexual organs, partial or total impotency? Have you emissions at night or
unnatural losses? These symptoms mean to y.ou Diabetes or Bright's Disease, and, if
neglected, a premature grave.
PRIVATE DISFASFS — Gonorrnea ' Gleet, Stricture and Syphilis positively and for-
YinifAfci pfHydrocele, Piles, Fistula, weak organs; Stricture, Swellings and Ten-
» .•iniWuvLL.Lr derness of the Glands treated with unfailing success.
PIIPTIIPF New Method. Sure cure, painless treatment, no knife, no detention from
ivtii lunti work, no experiment. A positive, and permanent cure.
LADIES Wlll receive careful and special treatment for all their many ailments.
Doctor Sweany has thousands of testimonials on file, but none are published or
exposed. If you want references before coming to the office there are living wit-
nesses all around you in the city and country. Ask the businss men, the manufac-
turers, the merchants, the lawyers, laborers, farmers and literary people who have
been cured by him, after having struggled in vain for years against the ravages of
disease. * °
WRITE If yoU llve °?V of the oity and cannot call, and get the Doctor's opinion of
ITHIIL yol]r case and hls advlcei which wm be fflven free of COBl A valuable book
eveo- D^r!o°n o^aSoaUo^.^ Address. all the or S ans and their diseases, sent free to >
F. L SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Gal;
"When ordering please refer to advertisement in "The Call."
NO HOPE FOR
HIS RECOVERY
Charles M. Shortridge
Dying at Gilroy Hot
Springs.
Physicians Announce Their
Belief That the End Is
Near.
Heart Trouble Responsible for the
Condition of the Stricken
Man.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 15.— Charles M.
Shortridge, editor and proprietor of the
San Jose Mercury, is critically ill at
Gilroy Hot Spring* and his physicians
have little hope of his recovery. Mr.
Shortridge has had several severe at
tacks of heart trouble recently, and in
the latter part of December was taken
to the springs in the hope that the
mountain air and mineral baths would
benefit him. Some improvement re
sulted and he was contemplating re
turning to San Jose, but new compli
cations set in and yesterday his con
dition became alarming. There has
been no Improvement since.
Charles M. Shortridge became much
worse yesterday, and is now dangerous-
ly ill. " His physicians expect the end
to come within the next twenty-four
hours. Mrs. Shortridge and daughter,
accompanied by Dr. Curnow, the fam
ily physician, of San Jose, arrived at
Gilroy to-day. >
PROPOSED ANNEXATION
OF JAMAICA TO CANADA.
MONTREAL, Quebec, Jan. 15.— W. Bi
Chapman, a well-known capitalist of Ja
maica, In an interview to-day, stated
that the party in favor of the annexa
tion of the island to Canada has grown
to great strength and that definite meas<
ures are on foot to secure the union. It
is the intention to unite all the British
possessions in the Western Hemisphere
into one dominion, and Chapman says
definite encouragement has been offered
by the British Government.
'While this may bo to the advantage of
the empire, Canadian politicians are pro
testing vigorously against boing har
nessed with such incompatible int.
The differences, they say. b.-tween prov
inces now in the confederation are suf
ficiently rampant to justify opposition.
Some years ago a delegation from Ja
maica broached the subject of union to
the Canadian Parliament, but the pro
lect was overwhelmingly defeated. The
present party intends to appeal to the
British Government and is sanguine of
success. The leaders here claim that if
the scheme goes through all the strength
will be taken from the confederation and
stilt-- that Canada will resist it by all
possible means.
Charge Withdrawn-
Frederick S. Adams Jr. of Oakland was
not arrested on the warrant issued from
Judge Conlan's court Friday at the in
stance of R. D. Hagerty of Golden Gate
Villa. Adams' brother called upon Ha
gerty Friday night and paid the bill,
amounting: to 1428. The warrant was ac
cordingly withdrawn yesterday.HIS PRISONER
STAID BY HIM
A Condemned Man With
a Drunken Keeper
Behaved Well.
C. E. Mast and Wee Tung's
Remarkable Journey to
San Quentin.
Sheriff*-- <~ffi< > '* Attache Suspended Tor
w Month— The Chinese In "Hoo
doo Cell."
C. B. Mast, a keeper In the Sheriff's
ofno\ looked upon the Tine when It
vas carmiro in the ouo last Brlday,
and in consequence has been "laid off"
for a week. Ordinarily not much at
tention would have been paid to so
common an occurrence, but on this
particular occasion Mast was under
the influence while taktnjc a Chinese
under sentence of death by hanging to
San Quentin and ran grave risks of the
escape Of his char.cc.
Mast was s^nt t>> San Quentin with
Wee Tung:, the Chinese who murdered
his uncle because he "talkee too
muchee." in his care, on Friday morn
inp. On his way from the Sheriff's of
flcp to the County Jail he m"t a friend
and the two had several drinks. The
liquor had taken no perceptible c-ffect
when he reached th° jail, otherwise
Chief Jailer Sattler would not have in
trusted the condemned Chinese to his
custody. But when the keeper and the
condemned man got aboard the ferry
boat the fact that Mast had been
drinking too much was clearly in evi
dence.
It is asserted that Mast went to sleep
on the train and left the Chinese to
amuse himself as best he might, and
that at Green Brae station he was
awakened by ML Herzoer. a San Rafael
merchant. Anyway, the sight of a
drunken man taking a prisoner to the
State Prison, handcuffed though he
was, attracted considerable attention
and a deal of unfavorable comment.
Warden Hale happened to be on the
same boat and train that conveyed
Mast and Wee Tung to their destina
tion, and kept an eye on their actions.
As soon ns he reached Pan Quentin he
immediate ly ti lephoned Sheriff Whelan
that Mast was intoxicated, but that the
prisoner had been safely jailed. When
Mast came back to make his report he
for a month.
Deputy Sheriff Clack stated last
x that Mast has the reputation
ng a sober, reliable man, and that
he himself believed the keeper would
not have drunk anything at all if he
had not met a particular friend whom
he had not seen for a long time. This,
st, la what the suspended keeper
told ("'lack. Mast also denied that he
had gone to sleep on the train.
Tung was placed in the "hoodoo cell"
in Murderers' Row, and will expiate his
crime on the same gallows as did Dur
rant. on March 8. It is said that
every man confined in the "hoodoo cell"
has met his death on the gallows — there
being not a single rase to be quoted
where the courts or the Governor have
ped in to interfere with the ukase
of the law. p
A BANQUET TO
CYCLER STRATTON
"Will Depart To-Morrow to
Take Up His Residence
in Chicago.
President Adams Appoints a New
Rosd-Book Committee-Wheel
Merchants In Town.
George H. Stratton, of the Olympic Club
Wheelmen, who has been a prominent
factor in the C3'cling circles of this State
for many years past, was banqueted last
by his fit-How wheelmen of the
• I•■ inonico's. Mr. Strat
t"n leaves for Chicago to-morrow night
and will make hid headquarters there
fter.
!':■• ■>:■:■ Qt Adams of the C. A. C. C. has
■ the following as a road bqpk
committee for 1898: A. G. McFarland. R.
M. Welch, V. D. Dnboce, T. J. Wlnslow.
J. L. Ma :■!• , J!. L>. Bent and S. C. Scov
t-rn.
J. J. B. Argent! has been added to the
mmittee.
I' 1 : Me popular tire exponent,
arrivi-d from the East Friday night, ac
hy his wife.
An: the road racing and rec
ords committee of the C. A. C. C. will
■ <1 next Tuesday night, to formulate
new rules for the annual 100-mile relay
1
'J'lit- baseball pames schr-duled for to
d;iy htwitlk the various cycling clubs will
rot likely be postponed unless it. rains
this morning. The Velodrome prounds
are sandy and dry up quickly. The first
game will I).- '-niled sharp at noon.
L. H. Stephen ami L. C. Hickok,
prominent in ih<- wheel trade at T>'i3 An
reles, arc i;i the city, Mr. Hiokok be
lli s way East L. C. Bryce of Peta
hima Is also in town.
Tho Olympic Cyclers have plootpr 1 the
following officers: President. T. B. M. -
Ginnls: vice-president, Rudolph Schleu
ter; secretary, Wallace S. Taylor; treas
urer. 7"r.-:nk O. O'Kano: captain. Greorfre
fhristenson; directors. James W. OofT
rorh. Charles F. Morel, X. Hewston and
J. A. Fitsgibbon.
Frank W. Fuller, of the Olympic Who^l
men, has gone to New York on a busl-
I rip.
■ ♦ ■
DEBATE PRELIMINARY MELD.
BerKeley Students Wf}o Want to
Compete for the Carnot Medal.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15.— Six university
debat< rs entered the preliminaries for the
t medal debate last night at Stiles
Hall. H. A. Overstreet, the winner of
irnot medal last year, presided, and
Professors C. C. Plehn. Alexis F. I,ange
and K. C. Babcock aided a« judges. There
were six • ts— C. W Bufford. R.
C. Daniels, Rem Hutchinson, C. F Kim
ball. C. K. Osborne and L. W. Teaby.
Daniels, Hutchinson and Osborne were
n to enter the finals, where they will
have to m< • <"l;irk. Arthur Dan
um. Charles K. b ry«-r and A. 1...
Mark, wli^i previously 'lualififfl for the
The debate will be held In Berk
eley on February tL Stanford's repre-
A. 15. Morgan. A. H. Suzzallo
Miss Anna Strunsky— were selected
last term.
New Gold Mining Company.
The Spanish Bar Qold Mining Company
incorporate] yesterday with a capital
stock of 160.000. The directors arf>: John
Hay. nr;74 Sf vf-nteenth street ; H. J. Grauer
holz. 24H Mission street; W. T. Robinson,
Mokelumne mil; John Dalsley. 3374 Sev
enteenth street, and Joseph Klein, V.<U
Btookioi: str»«-t.
A False Report.
Tli Furniture Journal pays furniture
business is dull. Thoy did not visit the
freal furniture sale at Pattosien Co.s,
ixteenth and Mission streets. By one
peep they will learn this bit store Is
doJutf the trade of the city. •
THE EMPORIUM.
/ * jj Xv? he com P leted inventory shows many surplus lines, Sale of Men's
Wint^ftderWeaP. Kibbon broken lots and odds and ends still unsold. During the Jersey Ribbed Underwear.
TylllL^rt^Bl^^a rv^«^» gal^g aI^ Sales we close our eyes to former J erse Y Underwear*
/Tl*^\i\^ ~.tr*A Qsaif^*' Thousands of prices and Current Values on this accumulation of desirable The stock-taking has disclosed these surplus lines, upon
ijrlOaKS aiMS aUlß^^ Syteavy aii? winter merchandise and quote prices that we know will which we guarantee tile saving of 25C to $I -°° per garment
ii^«4«9Aods^Silks^ Silk. Satin and rlp^ir th f *»& at once - Beiow o rA on] y a few ° f the h ™- Men's Jersey Ribbed All-Wool Underwear— <h ■» r\r»
rfe^O^Aß^ferbd^^^llliS^ Gros Grain R?b- 5 < g ?^ ? V hUn " finely finished-reg. value 51.25 per garment-now *I.UU
l/rf^SWtW*^* *-"" IW bons, choice color- dreds of mighty money-Saving Chances. Men's Sanitary Australian Wool Jersey Ribbed <£ t 1R
■ ■ \ IBP • I • » in ? s » including _ f , jx i .4 . wri. th i . lL » ... < Underwear— regular value $i.3oper garment— now 4> > »^O
H^llk^HrilPrßl^ninOS^ cream, cardinal, Delorme s wcndertul painting;, Th: Blacksmith, will be on Men's Lambs' Wool Jersey Ribbed Under- * < 1P -
I B^lL!iy?^m US BSHC27iB« «^*-^ pink, orange, green exhibition only a tew days long; — do not miss t. ; e last opportunity wear— value at $2.c0 per garment— now 4>>.ZO
—-^^i^^ # - 0 fii^,^^.^*^* and 40 other to s:c this masterpiece. It is undoubtedly one 01 the finest modern Men's Extra Fine Jersey Ribbed Worsted Un-
pTß^B^^^il^ri^ Sk f*@^S' I*/3JlßO6&*''1 * / 3JlBO6&*'' th?fn?inwiif<r paintings in the world. Fre: view in our art room, second flocr. derwear, in blue and tan shades— regular value &--\ -yrr
BXilllß^l ViWVI ■^••^ r **—- ■ uicioiKiwioj ,_ r 52.50 per garment— now J?4.*£>J
T(7_^ #a - fairy prices" Arthur Salvini, the renowned Italian Opera tenor, JUSt Men's Jersey Ribbed Union Suits— * < rr\
* Ribbons- Tl, mm now £ %£££?£ jHHl sing at the Concert neXt SatUl " '^^^^"•"^^"iS
©8 J «■**» S tf» * No. 7, IV inch, was IS yard. n0w.... -jc d3y evening, Ja " Uary 22 us 1 UnirJar.'
(&Wl : A*> r» I£> ~> Nl " 9. ijJ inch.! was ,ie yard, n0w.... 9c IZZIZZIZIZ^IZZI^ W °° l Underwear '
tH I IIl^?t/l fitC' No. 12. 2 inch, was iSc yard, now 10c ■
T3 *-^isr— v No. 16, 2' inch, was 23c yard, now-.. 15c "P^*.««r« rZi-v/^/4ci T-Ji~"U. /^l>,«« CilT « *-• — -^
II I :^i^?^^ no. 221 , mch, was ,6c yard, now 2o c Uress .Lroods. High-Uass bilks. Furniture and Carpet Bargains*
I ILllw^B*^ zzzn==zz: The after-stock-taking sale of We group into two great lots the ~ j r , r •v j
l\ X/&£^3 • Dress Goods means that all the very finest of our Novelty Silks Correctly constructed, finely finished
yfcKwT) BfflHh&.ifflS'^ Great Embroidery Sale choice, pretty fabrics, which you that were $ 1. 50 to 53.50 per yard. Furniture — prices to immediately close all
'^'VJT'"™ l_jrr"C>» and others nave admired, are re- and offer you the choice this week surplus lines. We can Save yOU 30 to $O
Crte*^«S^l^rßir»^^i Continues Another Week, duced in prices out of ail propor- at $1.25 and $1.50. We could not per cent on Furniture now.
HUll 112 i'Vll 1? r :: tion to their real value to take renew our stocks of these Silks at Tv •.' .  ■
Z^T —- „ The deslgns entirely new and made them away. It's a chance to get ' anything near our present selling n J ree ss P ecla . ls in , Hanging
¥*&** <*W~'i'<P'* on test quality of cambric-edges cut out the cheapest stylish gown you ever prices. ' Cabinets, convenient to keep little -j-^Aa,, IMrVH-^1
i LlC^LLi' ready for us. had . Fo F r example: F At $1.25. things m, they are just like the MmM IKn^L
,ift i rh T«n Tnn^RTi^H Fi<ri,r»ri vts*. : t . d ii C T • J( picture on the side and while the '/Tft uM */j si IT/. M |O\
e n,^ brlc Y ; d ?c,fo^' P^ v^ n . eh ."... widt . -5c *|jaiS:g.^Siaras: vJSWJgS^, s KSw ra i. is quantities on hand « they win 111 l ■ w-mn
Cambric EJ ? in gs i 2&i 2 & to \ti inch« wid^S dVf- 7 , worth 75 c a yard-now rtduc.i to ,5- | combinations-thcy have beer, up to $2.50 be sold for OC. an( J $2.75 fiPli» ( I! X til U
ferent styles. Your choke per yard / ? d per yard. A *s'-5O- -HandJomeMahogany-Finished f| fifP'i *==? ff /\_ )
Cambric Edgings-3 to 6 inches wiJe-verv tn * hI 52 ,. 1nC^ "r7" r 7- iv -, n S nS 3 ! At $1.50. Handsome Mahogany-Finished i;li''- 'rP™!
choice-4osty.es to select from. Per yard HOc f^f^M^ti^S^ High-ch.s French Novell Silk-new Bedroom Set of 7 Pieces, consist- U^ffi X HSWI .
Cambric Edgings-^ to 9 inches wide-beautiful worm 75c a >aru now reduced to cjq ■ choice designs and exouisite color com- j n , o f Bed Bureau Washstand • to&Tl '' ■ »JUtesJ!.(l
Sp=c d a| P p"crr.^^^J™*..^l.f..^ d :.... T . h .! 12k 3ZHZZZ S^ot.^a'yar'd. 1 " S " kS mat SmaH Stand, 2 Cha^ and 1 ' **' MIM I Htt
Cambric Edgings— 3?^ to q^ inches wide— 27 styes WT» "LJ • * - * Rocker, in design like picture, for n^g? <ltii l ri IH f % ! i
that are entirely new an actuai.y worth 25c a yard, j> W lllter OOSiery ' " the very low price <£")£ J£ fs^^^ % X I^= 4
fM and Underwear. . Two Bargains in La- of^-i;//W7 w »,ii^2 fc^ail gE
Clearing the Waists. A 'eTitimate Clearance Sale of the sur- dies' Kid Gloves. piano-polished. need , Couch? 1.. J^^^S
v-<itai.iii^ tii^ vv aioto* plus Underw-ar and Hosiery stocks— Two Do you need a Couch? f,^ y ; rJ."^v-v\< ' == T^^T^fi W -
r, items from this week's offerings by which At 50r Pair Thn<:p in th»» nictnrp o rP rpaularlv r-^--' 1 -" <? ~ '?/2l\£££r
"Too many waists! Too many waists ! y||^e^^^£||u|s Ladies , R£* K^ Pto^ in sizes | t in^^ r Vh ey a l^gS
Sell them! Reduce them! Never mind the udie.- Union Suits-Heavy Australian v S^tw?^ SaS e^-VuaS good cover; stout springs with i^M^^^^%)
rn^t! them out 1" That i<^ th- wiv Wool-they button across the shoulder, je"^" get thIS week $1 and Si-2 5 quah clipper edges. They are not cheap RS^?TB^BB^JmS
cost! Clear tnem out! mat is tne Way and seams are a! , CoVC red-na rural gray ' " ;;;" Z s °^ couches- they will last— l^^S^J^S^^S^
the buyer is talking now. Here are prices zJ^TJ* \f\^-t^ r^T 22 %% 25f the social ri " this «< 1?^ mmmmO&
that will doit— must do it: takineVk-s ?J— . A , 95c Pa ; r week ••• 4>> >♦-£->
A x- . ll s d c«h^- ?S? hS^ e d^bte Ladies' Three PatentCi.Jp Kid Gloves, CarD2tS and Ru?S
Fancy 75c and $1 Sateen in, 3* C *^ Z SJ «iS3 h^SS^ £1 1« with the very latest two-tone embroidery V^arpeiS ana I^UgS.
fmm Waists now 4OC U hr i? £e^^ c ?pa" Xfter S-' ° -Rloves that are regularlysold here good A fortunate purchase nor long since placed us In posses-
JJ'WM =>^»^v irregular price 75c a pair. After- 50c value at 51.25 a pair. Reduced since sion of 500 rolls of Tapestry Brussels Carpet, with borders
V SB $1 and Si 2? Fast Black 70 stock ' takln prices. v^ stock-taking to 95c to match. Bought in the ordinary way these goods would
■ Sateen Waists, lmed ' now.. 79C ====== B= SF || e^b.S^'ii^^em'^is^ek o^ 65c
/^V*^^^>cr\_ Assorted Plaid $1.75 Cf 1C Tine L.UrtaUlS Orbtood, English Red, -Black L The Finest Quality Axminster Rugs size 9xl2 feet, those
IBmlWBl Waistsn ° w $1 ZJ at Half Price. -n,- , „ STJ^STZ? * t nat regularly sell at $30 each, many lovely designs 4 / .00
feW/^^ WalStSnoW t 1{ p j "to choose from, this week at tne ver y special price of $1 6-
IP 3*3 * \^^wi\ Assorted Lined Wool <£ < qq zzzzz=z=izziiz
Mm&V W "^-^'Sl Plaid $3 Waists n0w.... 4> l^/O About 300 pairs of handsome T , . T f ' Y 7 «
pffl^-WfcrJ»i# y a ..,„, L:lce curtain?— in many cases Table Linens Lingerie, Infants Wear
. WKktfi4^^£ Dl As , S0 , rted V,'" ed W°olW ° 01 *? d^ only one or two pairs of a pattern 1 aDiC menS * r 1 S*. t ,-,,«.
Plaid $3.50 Waists now^^J left— in Brussels Antique Lace, j The big store will make a new | LiOrSetS and Millinery*
V^/ \^\ Assorted 57.50, $8. 50 &< A ~ir lrish Point « Point d E s P rit and record in value-giving in the Linen 50c for Ladies' Gown, heavy muslin, 4 rows of Inser-
/////// J '\ and $10 Silk Waists now 4>4*/t) otner beautiful effects— Curtains Department this week— the After- tion, reduced from 75c.
■ ' ■ " that were $6 and $7 a pair to- Stock-Taking offerings cannot be 75c for Tennis Gown, double yoked and heavy flannel-
SILK VELOUR PLUSH CAPE, fur <*"> m morrow and until sold, matched in quality and prices. We ette, pearl buttons, reduced from $1.25.
trimmed, fancy lining, was $ 4 , now. . . . $2.50 Q0 ' have selected these two from a A, , ace and for r T u e ffl n e nl s C JSSSr t<^l
BROCADED BLACK SILK AND a I hundred equally as good bargains. ,Rom, rom 51.75.
SATIN SKIRTS, were $10, n0w,.,/... $5.50 Do you need a Couch Cover ? | .fnen-ictSly WSr^i embr^ery-d^d yle^embToidery
===== Odd Portieres at greatly reduced :™J S^j^oJTXft^S? WMZXMS on n ° ck and sleeves, reduced from 4 ° C
Manaolfn«; 2nd Gifft^C prices to close. Stock-Taking prices OOC m^WftiZj, Infants' Mittens, all colors, 15c.
IVXctllUUllllb d-IIU VJUltarS* ~ ■ . A »h wn ,nrt,rh v thr..n ar Wl^Vjsl^3L3P^ Children's Mittens, all colors, 25c,
oABSSMSaf.— — LadieZNeckwear. M§*|EtZilZi- '
American-made A\ando in— beautifully finished— wiv»vvwa» After-Sfock- Taking prices $1— fjT %T, \V and 35c. o«-i
exquisite tone — atomy „. /......„.; "...?. S6 00 ea h T ' xo specials for io -™"™ and until. Att laking prices.... — /r r Jr.; \J\ Children's Eiderdown Coats, in ' •
30 imported Guitars that we can recomm n1 in quantities on hand are sold. . i»»Ltsi^ak * / *l»^ colors, 51.50.
every way— on sale to-morrow morning at.. S3 50 each Black Liberty Silk Neck Ruches with t T -1-7 * 1 , 1 feE^V^/v^fS" Children's Empire Jackets 55.00, r«-
doling" free lessons v ith wry Guitar, -Banjo and Man- silk ribbon enJs-imported to sell f- O fIOUSe UmiShin^S and Wl^-W*^ dUC CnHdTen $ ' 7sßiack7 sBiack Cashmere Dresses,
doUn sold. ' iJ " f or g5g 5c — DOW 3UC » Children's Black Cashmere Dresses,
A few Swiss Music Boxes left from the holiday stork* ' Empire Scarfs of wash Bobinet or Gk^WarP tL. ' sizes 4to 14, reduced from $3.50 to 52.00.
will be closed out at one-quarter original prices X Point d'Esprit net, extra wide, 2* yards VJUt&bWarC |,«W ,_ C . Corsets-No. 0204, black) $2.00,
Sheet Music Department carries all the new and nonu- long, pleated or lace ends, on sale s;r| Four very special of- No. 533, ecru S2i No. 540, black, $2.50.
lar Music at money-saving prices. pp at OUC <p«?*s^^^ ferings for Monday and 'Bustles and Pads— all kinds, all colors.
Pianist in attendance will play any piece you d*sire so ■ /jjWa^"^^T^7»Tuesday— some large Royal Duchess Corsets, without peer, all lengths, all
that you may know what you are buying. " ijtm */fT|l m / r cc!ucti.ins (rcm San style waist, all style busts, best materials and workman-
' ' — CrrnCPrV SoCCials i\M I f I{I I II HP', Francisco's always ship, prices from $1.50 to 57.50.
Ssn 'P f . :: , r ,-; c -. / c "D 4. Ct. -r> v-nwv»t ' w^twittio. y^ [L-rrzrJJ / lowest prices. Handsome fitting-rooms and good fitters at your servtct,
IJd " 1 rd-nciSCO S oest Onoe oargains. These extraordinary special t *3^S&%^ 100 Puritan Oil Sole gents Royal Duchess Corsets.
Shoe-clearing now. Here are five lots that will interest prices are for Monday and Tuesday ifr***2Es2i*^ Stoves— like picture— \ T\7T;tti«««.Tr T\i>*m*+«irn>*y*
money-savers that cannot be duplicated in value and pri" only-see the bulletin in the Gro- iIS^S (no better oil stove j Millinery Department
LOT i-' Our Pride '' Ladies' Seal California made eery display windows of each day's h^^- i-ft| made) Will be old i Our millinery buyer leaves for Paris this week, and will
absolutely damp proof— pretty, stylish shapes- sn^riiU n j the direct ornrerv /; a -t ili for Monday and lues- personally make exclusive selections for customers who de-
instead of the usual $4.50, our regular *4 I specials. Use the direct grocery tele- day, if quantity lasts ~. sire him to do so. We offer the following bargains:
P"cc... 6 $3.50 Phone South 59. that long, each- ~y c M2^~^^^ 350 Felt Hats— Reduced from 75c, 85c and $1, to *q
LOT 2 ~^-L°^lS^ toe- Special Monday and Tuesday '^r^^^Nickei.^^lJ^ cI sFeirsToVt-back'sanors\"*b^5 FeirsToVt-back'sanors\"*b^ C
of the usual $2.50, our price........ ._. $ J .95 Only. Stefsad Ks-'hkhlv ,^^=^^ br ° Wn ' grCe " a " d fed> Were 95C ' nn ° W "
%rfi Ob l^s.., - Lot 3— Ladies' Fine Box Calf I *r» Best Fresh Kanch Eggs, /■*/- polished— set of threes ;^^?W; ============.
. sJMmk(\ r — >,^ // i /»7l Shoes— heavy sole military per dozen On Monday and o^*^__j^f x•"• • HT • «
&iWiL W 111 ® // /i heel-new K'ondiketoe-a great Schepp's Fancy Shredded Co- Tuesday 0n1y... OZC I! »^==stf^ Lmm£S 1 nmmillgS.
5 -J* <i*\ nfl I lf>* winter shoe— instead of the i f oa , nut ' Ilb mcka^es 'egu- /■**% c s=e!mc =o^ ImitnMon Cut Glass Coslngout balance of winter stock of D:ess Trimmings at
t V /tK B / usual J2. 50, our price <t f j* JT , P^Ka b es, regu- 27r I^3^ Crystal Vases-spe- Closing out balance of winter stock of Dress Trimmings at
'T^B 6l"« ' m' 4>|,4^ lar ' 28c, each ... . . . "0" /$k J dally made for large a fraction of original prices. As a sample of the bargains at
1 Y : \ *$M ' WJ] Lot 4-Misses* and Children's KiJ or i Crosse & Blackwell s Pickles— mSc<Z\ bouquets - tall and the trimming and lining counters these
; ILl\l ] \A A^d ■ Cloth Coin or Square Toe Bu? [ P>nt bottles — gherkins— mixed— V«f^B>l graceful . 10 inches ; «wo items J^
r* —^\^_ •NJ \^^S^ ton Shoes— instead of Jr. 50 and chow— onions and walnuts, -3/^ itSß^^wHa^ h| n ; 3 inches wiJeJ— • <v . ,-. »  *sga> v
1 <K^h *2, our prices: 5 nQ regularly --r bottle.. OUC •MK^%**K\ I ula i pnce 48 r On _,P Pieces of best quality Cotton Moreen W^rVA
'! BaHias^rA '' ». r i ci 7.;c i 7.; o . ft nl , „ ??,I yOl c 4 t>- L \II%WBA Monday and')-) Skirt Lining— black, gray. tan, brown . X<\ VIVV
f «- —^Q Wl sL,; O^ C ? 5 C C ■ Golden ■ Rule Sand or Kitchen >l.?S®k||!l Tuesday 0n1y... 22c and navy. Alter - Stock -4 p- v . ""S^^/W N^V\\\
wMV^ ssse^3m i'zes 11 to 2 si.ls Soap— regularly 4c each— £1 00 '^^Pfelw' American Pressed Taking Price IDC a V** r^ * /'§ iTw\\\*r~\ '
, f/l JII fWIW, Lots-Men's French Calf Shoes will be 35 for <4>J__ ' Crystal Win; Glasses 6 doz;n Black Mohair Braid and Silk / >ii&f#=4 ]L ,
'"'gMfflWVi- 1- '/ I r M/ W/j ■ Goodyrar welt— Kanirarrr l f ~ xr- I ■ r i- 7 , --^^/itWv m pretty (ie^pn. For Cord Drape Ornaments, in variety of ' $™' 'f^tyLJkdJfitl
' W^<\ Wf, Y,le toe-instead of?? op (Satisfaction guaranteed Or K&JW Monday and Tii^day I patterns- worth douLMe the After-stock- {fe^f , L^
A'^bO^X icr^S^ P the usual f 4 , our price? 1.98 j your tnonei refunded). <^&? °?. l L'.. s . e l°.L 6 ;" \5 C si a 2 in and rices ~" now $I '°°' $I^2 each - V^S^-
Complete Outfits for Kfiondike Prospectors.
SPEEDY HOUNDS
RUN IN THE RAIN
Lively Coursing at Ingleside
and Favorites on
Top.
Short- Enders Land but Six Times
In a Fifty - Dog
Entry.
Between six and eight hundred en
thusiasts braved the downpourtng rain
y.-sti rday afternoon and journeyed out
to Inglesido to watch the coursing of
the greyhounds. Of the number, too.
not a few were of the gentler sex. The
stake was an all-age open event and
embraced in the entry some or the most
TIIE SAX FRAXCISCO CAT.Ii, STJXBAT, JAXUAUT 16, 1898.
THE EMPORIUM.
brilliant performances known to the
slips.
The first brace were loosed after the
elusive hare shortly after 1 p. m. The
rain was descending in solid columns
j and the field was like a sward of soggy
velvet. But there was no lack of en
thusiasm. Crowded beneath the sh>i
i tering grand stand the several hundred
present gave vent to their opinions and
backed them with a vivacity that no
rain could dampen. With two excep
tions all the dogs nominated were sent
j to the slips and one of these absentees
was due to accident Incurred in train
ing. The latter was the San Jose
flyer, owned by Henry Spring.
Taken throughout the talent had
matter* well in hand. The entry in
cluded fifty hounds and the run down
therefore embniod twenty-five runs.
Of these tin- favorites landed nine
teen.
But there was a solid fall or two i
when the six short enders raised a flag. ,
j The first came with the contest be- j
I tween Vigilant and Premier. .VlgUant j
THE EMPORIUM.
was deemed a "pipe" and sold at 5 to
2. Scarcely a hundred feet from the '
slips he lost sight of the hare, and al
though he regained It within perhaps
two seconds, he was thereafter a sub
ject for. the ladle.
Fleetwood next put out the slight fa
vorite Wayfarer (who should not have
ruled a favorite), and Carlotta sent j
Cliffette, a 5 to 3 shot, back to her ken
nels. This was Carlotta's first ap- !
pearance on the Coast. Then White
Chief turned down his flag to the short- i
ender. Black Prince. These the talent
could stand and stand smilingly.
But the closing courses of the day
rather hit the- heavier players in the |
stereotyped solar plexus. St. Lawrence ;
was the surest thing outside death,
taxes and tides and sold over. Flash
light at 6to 2 and even better. As
The Call had previously tipped, St.
Lawrence was In the game for a very
few seconds. Flashlight ran all around
him.
Then the run down closed with Sky
ball Belling over Nelly B at the same j
odds as before, and Nelly B outworked j
him Badly; In justice to Skyball, how- J
THE EMPORIUM.
ever, it must be said that he was not
by any means in form, being almost
without training and much too heavy.
The running in detail was as follows:
Run-down of all-age stakes — J. Grace's
Lass ■ ■' Gowrie beat Scott & Glassen's Dr.
Norman; T. Butler's Sus'e beat M. Tit
nan's Belle of Moscow: J. Murnane's
Valley Maid ran a bye: J. R. Dlekson's
Premier beat J. Sexsmith's Vieilant: .T.
Byrne'? Seminole beat Ryan & Ryan's
Lanky Bob; M. Roger's Sly Boy beat R.
M. Wymaa'a Faultless Beauty; Larkey
& Rock's Myrtle beat R. Anderson's Dia
mond Dick; Kay & Tram's Diana beat
Gibson k Bater*s Molly Brown; J.
Quane's Fireman beat D. Hooper's Beau
Brummel; Dillon & Rlley's Granuale bent
Scott & Glassen's Garden City; O. Pin
to's Hercules beat W. E. Thompson's
Victor; J. Dean's Moondyne beat D.
Shannon's Systematic: J. McCormick's
White Lily beat Kay ft Trant's Leonora;
Kny & Trants Eclipse beat M. Micha
lik's Fireball: M. Murphy's Tod Sloane
boat J. Farley's Snowbird: C. .V. Dew
laney's Fleetwood beat J. Perigo's "Way
farer; Butt & Frank's Count of Monte
Cristo lost a bye to Snowbird (Donald
absent); J. McCormick's Duke of Oak
Grove beat J. Boyle's Big Buck; Kay &
Trant's Carlotta beat W. Shields' Cllf
fette; J. McConnlck/s Black. Prince beat
THE EMPORIUM.
J. Seprgerson's "White Chief; Kay &
Trant's Sylvia beat M. Michallk's Doug
lass; J. Dean's Connemara beat F. P.
McQuinn's Fair Rosalind; I. Carney's I
Nelly Daley beat J. Boyle's Counterfeit;
J. Humane' Flashlight beat J. Kerri
gan's St. Lawrence; J. Byrne's Nelly 11
beat Cronin & McDonald's Skyball.
The best liked candidates for their first- ■
runs to-day are I .ass o' -Cowrie, Valley
Maid, Semlnole, Diana. Granuale. Moon- j
dyne, White Lily, Fleet wood, Duke of
Oak Grove, Black Prince, Connemara |
Flashlight, and Nolly 15 runs. a bye.
■ ♦ » ,
SHE WILL GO INTO EXILE.
Annie Piggott Agrees to Leave }
the City to Escape Prose
cution.
Annie Plgjrott. the notorious pickpocket, i
must go into exile in some foreign land !
or suffer prosecution and possible convlc- i
tion on a charge of vagrancy Annie was ;
up before Judge Cook yesterday morning, |
and when her case was called Attorney j
Leonard, who represented the accused. |
stated that his client was ready to leave j
tbo city in order, to eacfips prosecution i
THE EMPORIUM.
If her case was dropped from the calen
dar. The court remarked ttv'it the city
•would profit by her departureXand agreed
to allow her until the sailing of the next
steamer for Honolulu to perfect her ar
rangements for self-imposed banishment.
Her case, in the meantime, will be placed
on the reserve calendar and in the event
of her return she will be prosecuted.
BALL-PLAYERS MAY GO.
Splendid Offers Have Beet) Made
to the Leading Teams to Jour
ney to Los Angeles.
D. J. Alhuga. manager and lessee of
Fiesta Park, Los Angeles, is in the city
in the interest of his new venture, and
has nearly completed arrangements to
have the Gilt Edges, California Markets,
Santa Cruz and a lew more of the larger
teams visit Los Angeles during the pres
ent season.
He say? the Los Angeles team has been
reorganized and strengthened ;>.nd is fit
to cope with any of thr> visitors. Ever
since the fine showing made by the team
from the citrus belt two years ago, base
ball has enjoyed great popularity and he
is confident that visiting teams wiU b«
vreU received.
56
SUNDAY IAN UARY 16, rSgS
JOHN D. SFRECKELS, Proprietor.
Add:- - mmumcations to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. p.
Telephone Main k<6S.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson streo
Telephone Main 3574.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAY! 15
served by carriers In this city and surrounding town*
for 15 cents a weeK- By mail $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by malt. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 008 Broadway
Fnstcrn Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE. Room ISS, World Buildlnft
WASHINGTON D. C. OFFICE Ri££B Houue
C. C. CAKLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, •orner Clay:
cpeo until 9:30 o'docK- 339 hayes street; open until
9:30 o'ciocK. 621 MoAlllster street; open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 LarKin street; open until 9:30 o'clock
6W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9o'clocK- 2518 Mission street: opeo until 9 oclocK.
106 Eleventh St.; open until 9 o'clocK. 1505 Pol K street
cpeo until 930 o'clccK- NW. corner Twenty-second
end Kentucky streets; open untU 9 o'clock.
AMUSEMENTS.
Falrtwin— " The Man From Mexico."
California— "A XUht in New York."
Alcazar— "Esmeralda. "
Morocco's— "The Plunder."
Tivoll — "Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— Thalia German-Hebrew Open Company.
Oberon— Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
The Chutes— Cnimiita and Vaudeville-
J-ybeck Cycle Skating Rink— Optical Illusions.
Central Park— BasebalL
California Jockt-y Chib, Oakland Raceirack— Races to-morrow
AUCTION SALES.
By Killlp A- Co.— Tuesday, Jauuary 13, Horses, at corner Van
KeM avenue ana Market am., at 10 o'clock. '
THE PORTABLE STOMACH
THE report that some doctor abroad had de
prived a patient of a troublesome stomach has
begun to have the inevitable elTect. Every
doctor seems t<- want to do the same thing and is
in quest of a stomach for which the owner has no
strongly marked alTcction. Twice has the opera
tion been essayed in this country, and twice has the
patient died, but in each instance, it is gratifying to
note, not until admiring science had pronounced the
operation successful. Here arises a point of some
delicacy. What constitutes success? The mere re
moval of an internal organ can scarcely be thus
characterized, for Jack the Ripper never fell short
of accomplishing this when he set out to do it, and
any butcher could take a cleaver and achieve the
same feat. If the purpose of eliminating the stom
ach from the human economy is to cure the ache of
it without regard to the longevity of the original
proprietor, of course the creation of a vacuum mid
way of the mortal frame is sufficient token that suc
cess has crowned the efforts of the operator, and
whether the frame collapse is a collateral consider
ation of but incidental moment. That the medical
world and the sure-enough world fail to agree is
due to a difrerence in the point of view. The first
estimates an operation by the joy of making it, and
the second clings to an old theory that some con
sideration ought to be given to the effect upon the
subject who contributes to the affair his mortal
parts.
SOLDIERS' HOMES.
REPORTS from Washington are to the effect
that strong prepare has been brought to bear
upon Congress to transfer the management of
national homes lor disabled volunteer soldiers from
the present control to that of the War Department.
It is asserted by the advocates of the change that the
present management of the homes is expensive and
cumbersome and that there would be a gain of both
efficiency and economy by the transfer.
The effect of the proposed movement would be
to take the homes for disabled volunteer soldiers
from the control of officers who, like the inmates,
were volunteers, and place them under that of a
bureau created fur the purpose in the War Depart
ment, where the management would be in the hands
of officers of the regular army. It would revive the
old strife between the volunteer and the West Point
graduate, and it is by no means certain the expected
benefits would accrue.
According to statistics compiled by Andrew J.
Smith, governor of the Pacific Coast national homes
for disabled volunteer soldiers, the argument for
economy is on the side of the present management
r?ther than on that of the reformers. Figures taken
for the three fiscal years ending June 30, tßq6, show
the average cost of maintenance per capita in the
soldicr=' homes to have been $118 2R. while the re
ports of the inspector-general, U. S. A., show the
average cost of maintenance per cap!ta at the regu
lar army soldiers' home at Washington to have
been ?2ni 11.
While the comparison with the Soldiers' Home
at Washington is hardly a fair test of the compara
tive merits of volunteer and regular army adminis
tration, inasmuch as the home and its grounds at
the capital are show place? and are kept like a park
and a summer home for the President, nevertheless
the showing made for the management of the vol
unteer homes is sufficiently excellent to throw the
burden 6i proof upon those who maintain there
would be greater economy under the control of a
War Department bureau.
On general principles the management of the na
tional homes f<>r disabled volunteer soldiers should
be left as it is in the hands of their former comrades
in arms. The War Department has enough to do with
out creating a new bureau of service for it to per
form. There may be reforms needed in the exist
ing management, for no management is perfect, but
such as are requisite can be obtained just as well
without making the radical change proposed.
Investigation of the reason that trolley cars are
fenderless may win for members of the Grand Jury
the approval of their own conscience?, but it will
not equip a single car with a fender. The Southern
Pacific does not care whether or not it kills people,
nor does it wince under the occasional rebuke of the
Coroner. The only way to reform it will be to make
it pay roundly for a few of its homicides, or if by
chance the trolley were to catch a Vining or two
the effect would be salutary.
Sir Charles Fairlie-Cunningham fell in love with
i chorus-girl who did not reciprocate, and so he has
comforted himself by blowing out his brains. The
girl probably feels herself a participant in the com
fort thus created.
The child-wife of childish old General Clay would
confer upon this country a considerable boon by the
. aimplo act ot iumj?iu& inter a well* " s^-
WHY ?
CERTAIN members of the Prison Board
seem to be punishing themselves with the de
lusion that The Call has a malicious or polit
ic. il grievance against them; that its exposure of the
glaring and inexcusable subversion of the Ostrom
law has a sinister and shrouded motive to injure, to
blemish willfully, their individual good name.
Nothing in intent could be further removed from
the purpose of the inquiries made as to the manage
ment of the San Quentin jutemill and the disposal
of its product.
Let there be no plausible misunderstanding of the
interest of The Call in this matter. It was privately
informed of illegal transactions which received the
approval of the board, and urgently requested to de
fend the law. The informant of The Call is a reput
able citizen of the State; indeed an officer of the lnw
himself, to whom the conspiracy of violations of the
Ostrom act was brought home in his capacity as a
public servitor.
After a painstaking investigation covering a pe
riod of two weeks, the mismanagement of the prison
iuiebag product, and the reckless juggling with the
statutory restrictions supposed to govern its sale,
were so plainly proved that The Call felt in duty
bound to place the subject, in its various phases, be
fore the people. It has been prompted by no desire
to create sensation or defame public officials.
Evidently the Prison Directors have a mistaken
notion as to their duties and powers. It is no suffi
cient apology for their actions that they, and not
Senator Ostrom, devised the statute of 1893. This
they assert. Why they should have drafted a law
and urged its enactment only to violate its provi
- in detail and condemn it in their report of ißg6
is not explained.
Selling sacks to middlemen and favored commis
sion houses might have been a prudent expedient in
1897 ii the process of such sales inured to the benefit
of those whom the law should forefend.
An unprejudiced review of the situation will sat
isfy any tyro in business affairs thai the boar.!
conscious in the early spring of 1897 that a prosper
ous year was promised to the farmers, that grain
sacks would be in full demand and that the Calcutta
"Big Five" were particularly and peculiarly inter
ested in advancing the prices.
The speedy exhaustion of the San Quentin sur
plus for future delivery and the subsequent fixation
of price by the board at a higher point than was
pegged for the surplus sales facilitated the upward
movement. As if this were not going far enough in the
wrong direction, the board on March 20, before the
sack surplusage had been delivered and paid for,
and while the Calcutta middlemen were dealing ac
tively in future deliveries, raised the price to $5 40
per hundred, a rate in excess of reigning Calcutta
quotations.
If any sound business principle actuated the
Prison Board in this course it has not been pre
sented to the attention of The Call. The inflated
price into which the board seem to have blown a
goodly quantity of what the epigrammatic Emory
Storrs described as "east wind" was fixed by them
in the current products of the mill. Their own ex
pert accountant shows that the average cost of that
product was $4 24 per hundred. The law distinctly
restrains the board from fixing a price in excess of
1 cent per bag above cost. They marked bags up 16
cents per hundred above cost figures.
Why?
AN INTERESTING DEBATE.
RARELY does the Congressional Record con
tain anything of interest to the general
reader. Even when debates are liveliest in
Congress the Record manages by eliminations to
make them appear of that kind of decorum which is
always dull. Sometimes, however, it has the good
luck to get out a live issue, and that luck attended
it in the publication of the number containing the
discussion in the House on the civil service law on
January 7.
Mr. Gillett of Massachusetts, a warm supporter of
the mugwump system of civil service, cited the ad
ministration of the House of Representatives it
self as an evidence of the evil results of leaving the
selection of officials to party patronage. "We have,"
he said, "more employes, we pay them higher sal
aries, we have poorer service than under any other
system." Dropping into poetry, he described the
way to success iv getting on the payroll of the
House as follows:
"It lies through two swing doors, swung to.
The attendance is always full.
Some by the door marked 'Push' get through,
And the rest by the door marked 'Pull.' "
That scored one for the civil service examination
side, but the other party got their innings when Mr.
Paris pointed out thai ability to pass an examination
does not imply ability to perform good executive
service. Robert Ingersoll, he said, could pass an
examination in theology, but that would not fit him
to serve as pastor in an orthodox church. On the
other hand, a man who could not pass an examina
tion in the simplest matters might have the exact
capacity for the work required of him. To prove that
he told the story of a man in his city who had suc
cessfully managed a large mercantile business and
acquired therein a fortune, but who, being
selected to take an inventory of a stock of goods,
wrote "sox" for socks, and when his attention was
called to it as an error changed it by writing
"soxes."
Mr. Mahany made a good speech and won ap
plause in maintenance of the theory that ability to
get an office is a sufficient evidence of ability to fill
it, and that examinations are a waste of time. He
laid it down as an axiom that "any man is capable
of administering any job he can get." Carrying his
argument to its logical and supreme conclusion, he
declared, "It is the greatest glory of our Govern
ment that almost any man you meet on the street
is capable of being Chief Magistrate of the United
Stales, and if capable of wielding that high power
is certainly capable of administering a subordinate
office."
Mr. Kerr showed the absurdity of the examina
tion system by citing some of the questions candi
dates had to answer. Two of these are as follows:
Two-thirds of seven-ninths of what number is a half
of eight and two-fifths divided by fourteen and
seven-tenths less fourteen and two-sevenths? A
man weighing seventy-two pounds runs with a ve
locity of six against a standing but not resisting man
whose weight is ninety-six pounds. What is the re
sult?
Taken altogether it was a good debate, and even
if not instructive to future generations was at any
rate calculated to add to the gayety of nations.
No ship is to be sent to Havana, but if the Spanish
go so far as to invade Washington and charge on
the Senate with fixed bayonets there will be a pro-
THE SAX FKAXCTSCO CALL, SUXDAT, JAXTJAIIY 10, 1898,
THE OPPOSITION TO McKENNA.
BY the discussion in the Senate on Friday the
public is made aware of the nature and extent
of the opposition to the confirmation of At
torney-General McKenna as Justice of the Supreme
Court, and his friends may congratulate him on the
showing. During the debate he had the support of
the strong men of the Senate, and Tiis opponents
could do no more than postpone the confirmation
for a week.
Senator Allen, who spoke for the opponents of
Mr. McKenna, disclaimed any knowledge of the
truth of such charges as have been made against
him. He, however, read over all the protests that
have been sent to Washington from this coast and
asked time to investigate them. He laid stress upon
the assertion made in some of these that the At
torney-General lacks the legal attainments necessary
to an aspirant for the Supreme bench, and also em
phasized the report that large corporations have
been instrumental in procuring the nomination.
Such being the sum and substance of the charges
of the opposition, it did not take the friends of Mr.
McKenna long to dispose of them. Senator Hoar,
speaking as chairman of the Judiciary Committee,
stated that the committee has investigated all the
charges and found there is no truth in them. The
greater number of the charges, he said, had been
made for the American Protective Association, and
as they had been founded solely upon the fact that
Mr. McKenna is a Catholic by religion, they had
not been deemed worthy of serious consideration.
From the tone of the discussion which followed it
is evident a large majority of the Senators took the
same view as the Judiciary Committee. No Senator
undertook to maintain the truth or even the ap
proximate accuracy of the charges. Senator Allen
himself disavowed the championship ot them. They
were treated as unworthy of consideration and
served no purpose other than that of giving to the
friends of Mr. McKenna a welcome opportunity to
refute them in open Senate and dispose of them once
and for all.
It is gratifying that both the Senators from Cali
fornia cordially supported the candidacy of their
follow Californian. Senator White, though a Dem
ocrat and opposed in politics to Mr. McKenna, bore
witness to the fact that he is an honorable man, a
competent lawyer, a just jurist, and declared he
would vote fur his confirmation. Senator Perkins
was equally vigorous in refuting the charges of the
opposition and very pertinently pointed out that
Judge McKcnna's record on the circuit bench suffi
ciently attests his fitness for promotion to the higher
ofiice to which he has been nominated.
The whole course of the fight against McKenna
has been a new illustration of the old spirit of an
tagonism and jealousy that in the past has defeated
the aspirations of so many Californians and kept
the State from holding a rightful prestige at Wash
ington. Fortunately this case has not resulted as
those of the past. A new era has dawned for the
people of this coast. Mean and unfounded charges
urged by petty spite to prevent the advancement of
honorable men are now treated here as in Washing
ton as unworthy of serious consideration.
A SUMMARY OF CURRENGY REFORM
THERE are ten different kinds of currency cir
culating in this country and authorized by its
laws. These are gold coins, silver dollars, sub
sidiary silver coins, gold certificates, silver certifi
cates, United States notes, currency certificates,
treasury notes of 1890 and national bank notes.
It will be seen that al! of these originate in Fed
eial authority, and there seems room for question
ing the necessity for so many kinds of money com
ing from the same source. Putting all metallic
money in one group and placing with it such paper
currency as is merely representative of metal like
the silver certificate, the tendency of legislation
would seem to be wise when it aims at one single
kind of paper currency, safeguarded In its issue, se
cure in its redemption and uniform In its value in
all parts of the country.
The report of the Volunteer Monetary Commis
sion aims at this simplifying of the currency. Its de
liberations were directed to the presentation of a
plai> that will:
1. Remove all doubts about our standard of value.
2. Give the United States the best credit of any
nation.
y Purge our currency system of features shown
1 y experience to be weak and dangerous.
4. Provide a paper currency convertible into gold
and therefore equal to gold at all times and in all
places adequate in volume to the needs of business,
with a quality of growth and elasticity enabling its
automatic adjustment to variations in demand and
capable of distribution throughout the country as
want and use may demand.
5. To so utilize existing silver dollars as to main
tain their parity with gold without imposing undue
burdens on the treasury.
6. To avoid injurious contraction of the cur
rency.
7. To avoid issue of interest bearing bonds except
in case of unlooked-for emergency, but to author
ize their issue when necessary to preserve the na
tional credit.
8. To so separate public and private credit that
weakness in the former may not destroy the latter.
It is expected that if the system recommended t>y
the commission be enacted into law we will secure
stability of standard, two kinds of currency, metal
lic and paper, of equal value and each good a3 gold.
The paper will be a bank issue, as well secured as the
present national bank note, and its permanence will
not be affected by the final payment of the national
debt, and, therefore, the disappearance of United
States bonds now required as security for the bank
notes. The greenbacks and treasury notes will grad
ually disappear without perceptible increase in the
bonded debt and without contracting the volume of
currency. The new national banking system will be
unrestricted and banks with $25,000 capital may be
formed.
In this feature the West has a special interest.
The function of a bank is to distribute the surplus
capital of the country and put it as a loan fund with
in reach of men who must use their credit in their
business. A proper distribution of this loan fund
will avert frequently the necessity of mortgaging
land and will give a readier and cheaper use of credit
than now.
In this State it will be found especially useful to
organize banks on $25,000 capital in the sections
where money is needed in handling the fruit crop,
and the new law, if properly made use of, would in
terpose protection between the producer and the
commission man in a form very useful to the pro
ducer.
The courts have given a notorious pickpocket the
privilege of "leaving town," but if the police have
any idea that she will leave town their faith is sweet
and childlike. .
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
A good friend counsels me that this
column does not contain enough sun
shine. Possibly she is correct, or it
may be that she overestimates the util
ity of the solar ray. My effort thus
far has been less in the direction of
getting sunshine in than in keeping
moonshine out. If my friend, bound by
a sense of duty to r»-ad such casual
and fleeting comment as here recorded,
And herself thereby plunged in gloom,
I hope she will not blame me. My aim
is not to hang a Bomber curtain
athwart the orb of day. but to main
tain a safe and dignified position mid
way between the joke and obituary de
partments.
France has reason for feeling
cheered. The baby has come into fash
ion again. The statistician whose Joy
it has been to figure out the time when
the mewling of the French Infant
would be but a Messed memory, can
turn his valuable attention elsewhere.
In 1595 deaths in that country exceeded
births by 17.813. and in 1596 the births
exceeded deaths by 94,000. Speculation
aa to reasons for this burst of patriot
ism are a little out of my line, but I
would be pleased to hear from" a! com
petent authority, and more than will
ing to surrender to his solution of the
problem all the space he might need.
Complaint is often heard that the
Salvation Army and kindred organiza
tions make a noise. This will be con
ceded by thoughtful persons to have
some basis in fact. But it must not be
forgotten that noise is a lons way from
I being all they make. They make many
a man better thm. they find him. make
life bright again for many a woman to
whose deeps of despair silked and
satined piety could not reach even If
it wanted tQ, B desire of which I have
not had the happiness to observe any
Indication. Th-- subtle connection be
tween the hammering of a bass drum
and the awakening "f a conscience I
confess myself unable to grasp. It
does not readily :i- -ear why the prom-
I lse of eternal life gathers force by be
ing shouted from under the shadow of
a waving l!ag. There is nothing tend
ing fo show that tamborines were
tinkling when the sermon on the
mount fell from lip^ inspired of love
and tenderness. Yet these truths do
not change the circumstance that the
uniformed and vociferous enthusiasts
lift the fallen, comfort the mourner.
| Let them do it in their own way. They
I at the worst are not the only offenders
|of the ear. There Is ever the whistle
and the belL The brass band emerges
from a dive at nightfall to murder
I melody and lure the chump. The cheap
show rents a street car, fills it with
blare and turns it loose upon the peo
ple. The faker cries his worthless
wares undisturbed by remorse or by
police. If a silence seems desirable the
soldiers marching over the cobbles be
cause they want to do good and are
doing good are the Inst who should be
required to lay aside the implements
of discord.
The latest Knpliahman to give his
impressions of this country after a
long and patient investigation covering
nearly two days uses the term "New
Yorkeress." To follow him to his con
clusions, or Indeed to follow him be
yond this offense, were a -waste of time.
There Is a prohibition paper across
the bay which takes especial delight
In accusing the city dallies of bribery.
Not only is it addicted to this offense,
but it insists on printing a picture of
Henry B. French. To the latter affront
I object. The French style of whiskers
Is not prepossessing: the French way
of reeking with goodness rind hanging
out a sign to call attention to it has a
tendency to pall, and recollection of the
manner in which French got mixed up
in Normal School matters reminds me
that all that glitters is not necessarily
a good imitation of gold.
It is impossible to regard the un
tamed and unfendered trolley-car with
favor. The manner in which it darts
upon the Innocent citizen and sends
him in irregular sections to the Morgue
is bound to create hostile prejudice.
Even the pedestrian has a sort of right
to live, provided he is agile enough to
dodge. Yet it is with a thrill of ad
miration I learn that the trolley has
run down a beer wagon. Heretofore
the beer wagon has been regarded as
Invincible. It has been conceded the
kingship of v the thoroughfare, and the
multitude has either scurried from it
or been sorry. But the beer wagon
has met its master. It has often puz
zled people who happened to think of
it why the beer wagon has not been
adopted as an engine of war. No char
lot with glittering blades protruding Im
politely from the hub has ever pursued
the tenor of its way or mowed down the
populace with a more cheerful Best.
Now it has lost its prentige. Instead of
being a thing of terror it is a vulgar
vehicle for the transference of kegs,
and instead of being the boss of the
road would on meeting a trolley-ear
take Its axle between its wheels and
run.
It la not surprising to observe that
another "model" young man has gone
away and that a large sum of his em
ployer's money is keeping him com
pany. When a young man gets this
adjective fastened to him he must
either do something like this or violate
precedent. There is no young man who
deserves so ill of the world as to be re
garded as a "model." In fact, there is
no line of conduct he may pursue that
can Justify the placing upon him of
the handicap constituted by the ridi
ulous title. The youth unfortunate
enough to be pointed out as a pattern
Is apt to be one of two things. Either he
Is a rogue in disguise or a Miss Nancy
with too little brains to assume a dis
guise. In each case the plan of not
imitating him has much to commend
it. If the natural Impulse to be honest,
industrious and decent la not sufficient
to govern a life the sooner the police
become cognizant of the matter the
better. When one has been taught to
look up to and emulate the example of
a certain "mod"l" and the model sud
denly lights out for Canada, embarrass
ment is certain to rise. The exact point
at which a "model" ceases to be this
and becomes a horrible example is dif-
Iflcult to define. If the rising genera
tion must have a "model" by all moans
let it choose one who is dead and had
the fortune to die without being found
out.
In a recent number of the Examiner
was printed a picture of an electric
sword in action. It would appear from
the spirited Illustration that a soldier
i , equipped .with, on© of thesd remarjsa.-.,
By HENRY JAMES.
ble weapons has a battery on his per
son. He touches the enemy with the
gleaming blade, at the same time
pressing a button. This gives the ene
my a dose of electricity which takes the
form of a stellar display, and has the
effect of paralyzing. After the enemy
has been knocked cold he may be dis
patched at leisure, or perhaps deprived
of an ear in token of having got the
worst of it. There could hardly be a
better scheme unless it be hypnotism.
To hypnotize a whole army would be
as practicable, more effective, and
there would be an absence of the awful
danger that the battery, getting
beyond control, might burn a hole in
the uniform of the swordsman.
It !■ with a feeling of the utmost
friendliness, not unmixed with awe.
that I venture to speak of Parson Da
vis. As there may be more than one
Parson Davis, it is necessary to speci
fy that these few remarks apply to him
of Oakland. This Davis is a source of
endless pleasure. His presence causes
a smile to flit across the face of nature.
If it were possible to imagine a fat
beam of sunshine wearing a plug hat
he would be it. Some have found fault
because Davis occasionally thinks he is
a circus, they affirming that he is only
a clown, which is clearly an under es
timate He is the circus, ringmaster,
bandwagon, dog under the same, case
of performing monkeys, and all the side
shows, as well as the concert-now
about-to-take-place. In other words,
and to abandon figurative speech, Da
vis is a daisy. Erring persons prone
to rudeness might call him a nilu. He
can sing, dance, lecture, act, strike
more poses than a contortionist, has
good taste in ties, gives first class spir
itual advice, wears his hair wide and
long, entertains his friends and an ex
alted opinion of Davis. That's enough
for any Oakland salary. I am unable
to credit the rumor that at San Quen
tin he was observed to swing a bottle
above his head, a rumor which has
■ 1 him a high grade of mental an
guish. Nor do I believe that if he did
swing a bottle it contained a liquid
more exhilarating than ginger ale. He
was over there with a gang known as
the Examiner push. When he went to
the condemned cell to snatch a brand
from the burnine, what if he was
merely a disguised reporter under con
tract to describe the process at space
rates? It is not for the worldly to lay
down a course for the professionally
righteous. He may have had a laud
able purpose. The gang by which he
was surrounded was godless to a de
gree. No finer material ever fired evan
gelistic zeal. The Examiner prize fight
era were fierce and clamorous. When
he found them not amenable to exhor
tation, perhaps he felt an impulse to
bring them by carnal means to a state
of grace. In this way the swinging of
a bottle could easily be excused, and
had he brought it down upon the pate
of the unregenerate could even be
praised, though the ginger ale had been
sacrificed. Whether the Rev. Mr. Davis
acquired $50,000 worth of the high grade
mental anguish hereinbefore men
tioned, is of course a matter not to be
passed upon by me, but at any rate he
has the satisfaction of knowing that
he emerged from the scrimmage with
his halo polished to a new luster, hi?
dazzling hat only subtly askew, and
his self esteem without spot nr blemish.
Now that his conerreeation have seen
fit to uphold him, far be it from me to
call attention to the fact that the con
gregation had the joy of being absent
while their pastor was on exhibition
with a rabble of co-Avorkers at the
prison.
When an attorney named Terry, per
forming the sacred rites of his calling
before Judge Daingerfield. dashed a
glass of water Into the face of the op
position, he was warned from the
bench that he was in contempt. So
far as Is learned this closed the epi
sode. Simply to be told that one is
in contempt, one knowing this in ad
vance, does not seem to constitute a
strong restraining influence. If Terry
had been sent to jail the effort of spec
tators to avoid sharing in the contempt
would have been less arduous.
For many months the Examiner has
boon coddling 1 the parents of a mur
derer who has now passed from the
scene. The coddling appertained par
ticularly to the mother. This woman's
picture has been printed times ■without
number, always making: her young and
comely, while — it is no possible reflec
tion upon her to say it — she is neither.
Money has been lavished on the fam
ily. Different members of it have been
paid for the portrayal of emotions far
better not described. Any trash the
murderer himself might choose to
scribble was seized upon with the avid
ity displayed by a buzzard winging its
happy way to carrion feast. Re
porters capable of doing pood work
have been trained to be maudlin, tear
ful, slobbery. Tn vain the public re
volted against indecency long drawn
out. To so much as to make known
in general terms the protracted and
disgusting programme adhered to
would be offensive to morals. But
there was a purpose behind it all. The
giant Intelligence which pilots the Ex
aminer thought that at the last it
would get a confession from the mur
derer. With this end in view it scat
tered money freely, hired men and
women to camp by the condemned,
ever hoping for a startling climax. At
the end its emissaries swarmed,,
buzzed, flew in eccentric circles. They
indulged in pugilism, hysteria, rant,
rot. They brought a minister of the
gospel to the scene and at their be
hest he disgraced his high calling.
And the result of it all was that they
did not get a particle of information
which representatives of any other pa
per failed to get, though the Examiner
did publish much no respectable jour
nal would have given room. In brief,
It started out to cover Itself with tbe
peculiar glory it love* and succeeded
in covering itself with odium. The Ex
aminer strikes me as the hog of news
paperdom, its nose for news a snout
seeking garbage, as its four feet the
trough. Among the pleasures vouch
safed some of us who work in the field
of journalism is that of not being con
nected with a sheet so gross that its
existence casts a shadow over the
honor of the craft. Such Is th.> ethical
side. The practical side is that thou
sands of dollars and much hiffh-prlced
talent have been thrown away. I trust
this circumstance will prOTf pl«*stnf
to Mr. Hearst. If he wants to h.i\e his
paper here a thing of booty and a jay
forever I can assure htm thnt he is not
likely to be disappointed.
"AL A. D." write* to know why It is
that while much is being done to stop
adulteration of food, liquor is being
sold in such form that it destroys the
stomach and turns it into ulcers. I
will overlook the point that the in
quirer spells liquor in the free and easy
faßhion thus, "licker," and answer
frankly that I don't know. I did not
even know that this awful thing was
being done. If any saloon keeper haa
played such a trick on M. A. D. he can
not be blamed for feeling just as he
does about it. Still, there Is a remedy.
Mad can change his drinks. Or if hi 3
stomach has been fooled to the point
of ulceration he can have that organ
snipped out with a surgical pruning
knife, and thus have a joke on the
wicked purveyor of stimulants. With
no stomach to be destroyed nor to har
bor ulcers, he could swallow anything
short of burning brimstone and laugh
at the dispenser thereof, particularly
if he had told him to 'put it on the
slate."
'Twas Griffiths of Ohio.
By his fair fame lie swore
That Hanna'd tried to bribe him.
Whereat he tvax-ed sore; t
And every one for milea around
Could hear the Griffiths roar.
•Twas Griffiths of Ohio,
He had a faithful wife.
Who eaid they couldn't buy him,
You bet (quoth she) your life:
So then arose with noise renewed
The sound of party strife.
But Griffiths nf Ohio,
Judged by the thins? you did,
I reach the sad conclusion
That Hanna raised his bid;
Tet trust to your discretion
To keep the figure hid.
I cannot refrain from saying that
some of the best writing in connection
with the Durrant case was from the
pen of Miriam Michelson. Yet Miss
Michelson was at no time required to
dance attendance on the assassin nor
any of his tribe. She did not deal with
the terrible scenes of which he was the
central figure, nor indulge In tearful
exclamations. Her work was In the
nature of a study of the broader ques
tions involved, and she brought to
their treatment keen perception, a fine
faculty of analysis and a broad men
tal grasp. In addition to all these she
possesses a most happy and incisive
faculty of expression.
Far to the Klondike's frozen wilds, where
roams the polar bear,
Rich nuggets hide deep under ground and frost
rides in the air;
One day there went an aged bard to write him
■what he saw,
And getting chilled he quick made haste be
side a stove to thaw.
Alas'. Alack! when he got thawed, oh! awful
thing to hear.
He realized with pang most keen that he had
sloughed an ear.
Yet this is not the worst to tell; the bard Is
coming home;
All chances are when he arrives he'll straight
wuy slough a pome.
Last -week I felt an impulse to write
something harsh about the Durrants.
Thiit the editor drew a long mark
through it did not seem to me then the
part of wisdom. I am willing to con
cede now that he was right, and to
wager that this statement will receive
his smiling approval. That the father
and mother both had done much to for
feit sympathy nobody who was at San
Quentin during the last hours of the
son would think of denying, and yet
human judgment is apt to be unduly
harsh. I came back from the scene of
the murderer's death, with its sordid
preliminaries and its ghastly after
math, certain that the fatal rope would
be for sale and the body go to the high
est bidder. It did not occur to me that
the Durrants would rise to the height
of trying to respect the last wishes of
the law's victim. They seem to have
done this, and their efforts met an op
position hard to understand, brutal I
am sure and senseless I am inclined to
believe. The idea that a body, inert,
lifeless, the malign spirit that had ani
mated it gone, could not be reduced
to innocuous ash without desecrating
the place of flame, strikes me as silly
to a point almost grotesque. The con
sideration shown the assassin while he
was living was too great by far. The
shame heaped upon the broken and
empty shell of clay taken from the
scaffold of justice was equally without
excuse. The crude old plan of leav
ing the bones of the hanged clanking
Ih chains at the roadside is shocking,
but it is the same idea that denied to
Theodore Durrant's body the embrace
of the grave, tho embrace in which all
lie equal, and would have kept it from
the purifying fire, where secrets defy
the prying eyes of science.
"ITALIAN MISSSION."
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: Under
this heading there appeared in your paper
of Friday, Jan. 7. an article which was
calculated to mislead. The burden of the
article was that it was intended to estab
lish an Italian mission in connection with
St. P.eter's Protestant Episcopal Church,
on the corner of Stockton and Filbert
streets.
While it is true that the matter has
been talked of at various times, it is en
tirely untrue that any definite plans are
now being formed for undertaking this
work; and. furthermore, no definite plan
could ever be formulated without the ac
tive co-operation of the rector and vestry
of the parish with the Bishop of the dio
cese. I desire, therefore, to say that the
Bishop' the Woman's Auxiliary and tho (
rector and vestry of St. Peters have ab
solutely no idea now of doing- any such
thing. MARPON D. WILSON,
Rector of St. Peter's Church.
San Francisco, Jan. 15,.1595- ;
« ♦ ■ —
"E. H. Black, painter. 120 Eddy St. •
■ ♦ •
Gal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.'
' Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau {Allen s), 010 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
During the leisure recently forced on
him by impaired health the Pope has
been revising his Latin verses, which will
shortly appear under the title "Carmina
Novlsslma." . ' _ ,
For throat, lung troubles. Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome St.*
Captain John Biddle, Corps of Engin
eers, r. S. A., has been named by tho
Secretary of War, on recommendation of
the chief engineer, as a delegate from
thi' T'nited States to the eighth Inter
national Congress of Navigation, to bo
held in Brussels In July, 189 S.
NEW TO-DAY.
15 Minutes
Sufficient
to make most de-
licious tea biscuit
with Royal Baking
Powder.THIS DAY AT THE CHURCHES.
Church of the Advent, Eleventh near
Market.
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett near
Twenty-third.
First Baptist, Eddy street near Jones.
German Baptist, Seventeenth and De
hon streets.
Holy Cross, Eddy and Scott.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush and Du
pont.
St. Boniface, Golden Gate and Jones.
St. Dominic's, Steiner and Bush.
St. Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and
. Shot-well. •
St. Francis. Vallejo and Montgomery
avenue.
St. Ignatius, Van Ness and Hayes.
St. Joseph's, Tenth and Howard.
St. Mary's. California and Dupont.
♦ St. Mary's Cathedral, O'Farrell and
Van Ness.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Fillmore and Du
pqnt.
St. Patrick's, Mission near Third.
First Christian, Twelfth and Howard.
■ West Side Christian, Bush near De
visadero.
► Bethlehem Congregational, Twenty
fourth and Vermont.
- Bethany Church, Bartlett near
>- Twenty-fifth.
>- First Congregational, Post and Ma
<- son.
► ■ Olivet Congregational, Seventeenth
►• and Noe.
►• Plymouth Congregational, Post and
>■ Webster.
►
► Richmond Congregational, Seventh
«- avenue and Clement street.
r- Third Congregational, Fifteenth and
► Mission.
►• St. Luke's, Van Ness and Clay.
►
V St. Mary the- Virgin, Steiner and
►■ Union.
►■ First English Lutheran, Geary near
V Gough.
► First New Jerusalem, O'Farrell near
»- Fillmore.
f Central Methodist, Mission near S«v
♦- enth.
*■
f
♦- Epworth M. E., Church and Twenty
♦- sixth.
♦- First M. EL, Powell and Washington.
4
4-
♦- Fifteenth-avenue M. E., Fifteenth
4- Avenue South and P street.
♦- Grace M. E., Twenty-first and Capp.
f
► Potrero, Tennessee near Solano.
♦■
4- Richmond Methodist, Fifth avenue
4- near Pt. Lobos.
4
♦■ Simpson Memorial, Hayes and Bu
♦■ chanan.
♦■
4- Trinity, Sixteenth and Noe.
♦-
4
♦■ Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and
4- Powell.
4
4- First Presbyterian, Van Ness and
♦ Sacramento.
4- Holly Park, California and Lizzie.
4
4- Howard Presbyterian, Oak and Baker.
♦
♦ Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth
4- and Railroad avenues.
4- Stewart Memorial, Guerrero near
•♦■ Twenty-third.
♦- Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
4- and Capp.
4- Westminster Presbyterian, Webster
4- and Page.
4- First Unitarian, Geary and Franklin.
4- Second Unitarian, Twentieth and
♦ Capp. . / :
4- Bush-street Synagogue.
4- First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223
4- Sutter.
4- Reorganized Church of Jesus Christ,
4- 997 Market.
4- Salvation Army, 24 Turk.
4- Volunteers of America, 769 Market.
4- Y. W. C. A., 1221 O'Farrell.
■4- Y. M. C. A., Mason and Ellis.
■4-
AN OLD STORY
RESUSCITATED
The Ancient Tale of Squabbling
Dancing Classes Dis
cussed Anew.
Spicy Evidence of How a Society
Bud Is Launched Upon the
Fashionable World.
Tf the longevity of a news story is evi
dence of Its unusual excellence, then the
story of the squabbling dancing classes
(published In The Call of November 13)
must have been, in the language foreign
to "swell" dancing classes, a "corker."
The yellow journal tooK the story yester
day morning, retold It. discussed It with
NEW TO-DAY.
THE
JEWELER
23 YEARS
IN ONE SPOT.
Headquarters for
18-Karat Gold
Wedding Rings,
UNDER THE
CLAUS SPRECKELS
BUILDING,
Rev. J. A. Emery.
Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Rev. E. A. Woods.
Rev. H. L. Dietz.
Father McGinty.
Marist Fathers.
Franciscan Fathers.
Dominican Fathers.
Father Cummings.
Father Carraher.
Jesuit Fathers.
Father Scanlan.
Paullst Fathers.
Father Dempsey, Father Hannigan.
Salesian Fathers.
Father Kane.
Rev. F. S. Ford.
Rev. W. A. Gardner.
Rev. W. H. Tubbs.
Rev. W. C. Pond.
Rev. George C. Adams.
Rev. H. T. Shepherd.
Rev. F. B. Cherlngton.
Rer. P. Coombe.
Rev. William Rader.
Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Rev. E. J. Van Deernln.
Rev. E. Nelandor.
Rev. D. V. Bowen.
Rev. Charles Edward Locke.
Rev. W. M. "Woodward.
Rev. W. S. Urmy.
Rev. H. Pearce.
Rev. J. N. Beard.
Rev. D. W. Chllson.
Rev. A. Anderson.
Rev. J. Stephens.
Rev. H. W. Peck.
Rev. J. Hemphlll.
Rev. Robert Mackenzie.
Rev. R. W. Reynolds.
Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Rev. H. N. Bevier.
Rev. W. E. Dugan.
Rev. A- N. Carson.
Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Rev. Horatio Stebblns.
Rev. A. J. Wells.
Rabbi Myers.
The Bible and Science and Health.
with Key to Scriptures.
C. A. Parkin.
Major Frank Robinson.
i' Lieutenant Rogers.
Christian Workers.
R. C. Morgan.
evident relish and confined the fight to
the stanch old parent of all the classes—
the Fortnightly— and to Its latest off- :
I spring, the Terpslchoreans. Like a gro
j tesque Bhadow, the portly form of Green
| way hovered in the background, with an ;
"I neither palliate nor deny" air, sort of
casting oil upon the troubled waters. The
I ancient tale retold has, however, one
atoning feature. Mrs. Wells, mother of
Marie Wells, debutante, has come to the
front, makes the fight a more or less
personal one between herself and Mrs.
Monroe Salisbury, the organizer of the
Fortnightly, and offers much spicy matter
In evidence.
According to Mrs. Wells, Miss Marie
has, previous to this season— the season
that has witnessed her u-nfold her dainty
petals and bloom from a shrinking hud
to a full-blown belle— been a prominent
member of the Fortnightlys, and always
j attended their dances. But this season
: all that has been changeu; and thereby
hangs a not uninteresting tale of "cash
ambrosial cash."
Said Mrs. Wells: "Wo have always been
i good friends of Mrs. Salisbury. My hus
, band and she were boy and girl friends,
i and they have always called each other
'Kate' and 'George.'
"Mrs. Salisbury knew Marie was to
come out this season, and she said all
sorts of nice things about the child to
Mr. Wells. She said Marie would get on
wonderfully in society if she could only
i be brought out under proper auspices—
I that because I am not a society woman.
Mr. Wells' only reply was that he had no
ambition to see his daughter a belle, but
was quite Batisfled that she should be
Just such a care-free, happy, good little
I girl as she is.
"Mrs. Salisbury, however. Insisted so
I that Mr. Wells spoke to me rather won
: derlngly of her persistence. But finally
j there came from the lady a request for
I a loan.
"Mrs. Salisbury wanted $3000 very badly,
! and she asked Mr. Wells for it. Mr.
| Wells told her he really couldn't spare
j the money, as he expected a call from
| his Mexican mines that would take all
! his ready cash. Mrs. Salisbury s;<id if
j Mr. Wells wanted to he could* get the
I money for her from a certain capitalist,
; and when Mr. Wells declined she was
very angry.
"We thought no more about the mat
j ter. Marif signed nway all her germans
[ for the season, never once dreaming that
sho was to Tff; left out of the Fortnightly.
"But her invitation never camp. At
first the child thought it an oversight,
but when our friend Mr. Colin Smith,
1 who knows Mrs. Salisbury very well,
asked her about Marie. Mrs. Salisbury
said that Marie had been very rude to
! her.
"Mr. Smith said he doubted Marie being
' that sort of girl, and Mrs. Salisbury said
: she had been so rude as not to calf upon
j her for a year.
"Now, none of us care at all about
| this. I've been a very happy woman and
I never in society! Mario stems to enjoy
\ it, though, but she has any amount of
I beaus and attentions and Invitations, and
| she is as gay and busy and happy as any
girl could find time to be."
And Mrs. Salisbury— the center round
: which all goseip revolves, the organizer
I and mainstay of the Fortnightlys. has
i not one word to fs;iy. She treats the mat
! ter with a dignified, silent contempt, evi
dently assuming that her position needs
i no explanation.
To Wear a Star
Seven policemen were sworn In yester
day to 1111 vacancies caused by the re
| cent retirements and promotions. They
were: Arthur H. Fowle, 27 years of age,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
Evening, "Choir Night."
Morning, "God's Love in Christ."
Evening, "Throwing Stones."
Evening, "Is Infidelity a Success?"
Morning. "Preparation for the Recep
tion of Salvation." Evening, "Re
pentance."
Morning. Gospel of the Day. Evening,
Vespers and Benediction.
Morning, Feast of the Holy Name of
Jesus.
Morning;. Second Sunday after Epiph
any. Evening, Vespers and Bene
diction.
Morninp. Gospel of the Day. Evening,
Wspers and Benediction.
Morning, Gospel of the Day. Evening,
Vespers and Benediction.
Morning 1 , Gospel for the Second Sun
day after the Epiphany. Evening,
Benediction.
Morning, Sermon by the Archbishop.
Evening, Sermon by Father Ma
honey.
Morning, Sermon by the pastor. Even
ing, Benediction.
Morning, Mass, celebrated by Father
Thomas J. O'Connell. and the ser
mon preached by Father Torke.
Morning. Gospel of the Day. Evening,
Vespers and Benediction.
Morning. "The Holy Name." Even
ing, Benediction.
Morning, "Jesus." Evening, Benedic
tion and Vespers.
Morning, "The Truth Will Make Tou
Fr.c" Evening, "When Will You
I >>->-ide?"
Morning. "God's Thoughts of Me."
Evening, Sermon by Dr. J. H. Gar
rison of St. Louis, Ma
Morning. "The Fruits of the Spirit."
Evening, "Th« Sign? of the Times."
Morning. "Ecce Homo." Evening,
"The Struggle and the Victory."
Morning. "Immortality." Evening,
"Rejoice, o Young Man."
Morning. "Vision of Christ." Evening,
"Condition <>f Peace."
Morning. "Sacredness 01" Common
Life." Evening, "Solomon, the Young
Man With Advantages."
Morning, "living by Every Word of
God." Evening. "The Method and
Might of the Y. P. S. C. E."
Morning. "The Spirits in Prison, or
the Intermediate State."
Morning, "The Christian In Relation
to Amusements."
Morning. The Light of the World."
Evening. "Faith."
Morning. "The Bridal Scene at Oana."
Evening, "The Eloquent Silence of
Jesus."
Morning, "Be of Good Cheer." No
evening service.
Morning, "r*a«>t Thy Bread Upon the
Waters." Evening, "The Souls Sigh
for God," followed by revival ser
vice.
Morning, Special sermon. Evening,
"Failures and Their Causes."
Morning, Preaching by the pastor.
Evening, "Letting Christ Have His
Way."
Morning. Pastor's sermon. Evening,
■ study.
Morning, "Following Jesus." Evening,
"Saved at Once."
Morning, "Rivers in the Desert."
Evening, THiwliig.ii Prevented."
Morning, Sermon by Rev. J. Anderson.
Evening, "The Bible the World's
Text H<-ok."
Morning, Dr. W. w. rase will preach.
Evening. "The Miracles of Christ
Surpassed."
Morning. Sermon by the pastor. Even
lng, "Using of the 'Individual Cup'
for Communion Service."
Morning, Communion service. Even
ing, "Christ, the Healer of Moral
Disea
Morning. Sermon by Mr. Jenks. Even-
Ing. S- rmon by Dr. Mackenzie.
Morning and eventing, Revival ser
vices.
Morning. Major Hilton will speak.
Evening, Revival service.
Morning. "A Memorial." Evening,
"Afterwards."
Morning. "Perpetual Youth in Hea
ven." Evening, "The Cry of That
Parent's Heart for the Child."
Morning, "Elements of True Man
hood.* Evening, "The Needed Pre
paration."
Morning, "The Heroism of Missions."
Evening, "Life, a Drama."
Morning, Communion service.
Morning, Communion service. Even
ing. Praise service.
8 p. m.. "Is Judaism a Kitchen Re
ligion?"
Morning, "Beginning of Jesus' Public
Ministry of Preaching and Healing."
Morning. Special preaching. Evening
The Gospel as Taught by Christ.
Morning. Opening 01 Christ's Mission
Evening, Song service.
Morning and evening. Song service.
3 p. m., Special meeting for young wo
men.
3 p. m., "The Story of a Specialist."
born !n Boston, and a grainweigner by
occupation; Edward Nolan. 29 San Fran
cisco, collector; John Vl*. Davids. 23 San
Francisco, painter; Peter S. Chappelle
27. San Francisco, special officer; Joseph
I- eld Jr., 22, San Francisco, clerk as-
IRELAND'S REPRESENTATION IN THE PARADE.
signed to Company A; Christopher T.
Merchant, 22. San Francisco, butcher, as
signed to Company D. and John'KeJly
. 29. Ireland, laborer, assigned to Company
I B. Sergeant Cook has been transferred
to the harbor district, and Ser)
Kan takes his place at the Central sta-
I tion.
» ♦ ■
. Divorce Suit piled.
I,ettio V. Ward has commenced suit
j against her husband. Arthur V. Ward,
f'>r a divorce. As a cause of action the
plaintiff allege* failure to provide.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
JUBILEE WORK
IS PROGRESSING
The Wild West Show
a Feature of the
Celebration.
Many School Children Will
Take Part in the
Procession.
There Was a Marked Increase. Yes
terday in the Subscription*
to the Fund.
Among the many attractive features
to be presented during the latter part
of Jubilee week will be the Wild West
Shc/w at Central Park. Applications to
enter the contests are being received
from all sections of the State, and the
Jubilee parade committee expects to
see a large representation from among
the cowboys and vaqueros employed on
the cattle ranges of Miller & Lux, Hag
pin <fc Tevis, Jefferson <1. James, Jesse
D. Carr and other large raisers of cat
tle. Among the unruly ho-rses the
horsemen will have to handle is "Jack
the Ripper," an animal with a record
of having killed one i lan in addition
to maiming others. "Buck" Eldridge,
a "bronco buster" from Arizona, has
aßked as a special favor that he be giv
en an opportunity of riding and en
deavoring to tame "Jack the Ripper."
The Indiana who are to participate in
the show will bring their tepees and
erect them in Central Park. The con
dition of the weather will not interfere
with them or the others who will take
part in the Wild West Show, for rain
or shine they will carry out their part
of the programme
The school children who will take
part in the parade under the leader
ship of George S. Miehling, will have
Harley Prior, Robert Sax.- and Lester
Hammersmith, as aids; Walter Much,
Harvey P. Grady and Harry Wiester.
majors, followed t>y sixteen companies
of boys. Masters Kingsley and Dewey
will act as trumpeters. Mrs. Gertrude
v. Connelly and Miss Caroline Beck
with have i n Belected as majors, to
lead seven companies of school girls.
The Mount Tamalpaia Military Acad
emy of San Rafael wil turn cut forty
eight men In gray uniform. <;»••■:
Sage of the Fifth Regiment of Artillery
of the r. B. .V will tx □ commas I
sisit-d by Lieutenants T. H. Bair, A. w.
Poster and A. M. Hard and Captain W.
J. li
Th.- parade committee met yesterday
afternoon, and decided that the ten
floats being ;■■ inder th>> direc
tion of ih" committee be distributed
throughout the procession in the fol
lowing historical sequence: Aborglnes,
Spanish Navigators, Missions. the
Raising of the Plug ■ y of <l<>)<\.
Immigration, Agriculture, Horticulture,
Arts and B 8 Co Prancisco,
William ( ;. !■ md James W.
Kentsell have ted to repre
sent the Exempt Plre Company as aids
on the staff of Grand Marshal Morse.
The T'ni"n ! ub sent In a
subscription of 150 yesterday to the
Jubilee fund. Th>- subscriptions for the
day amounted to 1840, r, iking a grand
t'.tal of fIMMM O[ The Jub
ilee committee expecM that fr<<rn pres
ent indications the subscriptions tn the
fund will amount t<- fully $:'o,ooo before
next Saturday niirht.
Thp committee has now In contem
platlon ;i same ■■? polo, to hf> played at
Ho some morning during Jubi
lee w.*-k. In the event of the game
being arranged, it is probable that the
contesting teams v. ill be from Hurling
ame and Riverside.
The work of jn- paring for the min
ing fair at the Pavilion is progressing
rapidly. The directors m>'t yosterday
afternoon, and decided to have the
rafters <>f the Pavilion eov.-r»>d with
blue cloth, dotted with silver stars.
SO as to resemble the sky. The build
ing will be lighted by gas instead of
electricity, as by that meaii?, In addi
tion to light, there will be heat.
The Native Sons' commlttt-e, appoint
ed to act in conjunction with the Gol
den Jubilee committee. m<n last night,
D. C. Martin in the chair.
The sub-committee on parade was
instructed to meet with th* Jubilee pa
rade committee to-day to arrange for
the assignment of the Native Sons' par
ltrrs to places in the procession.
Communications v. •••<• read by Secre
tary R. W. Martlaml, from Wisteria
Parlor No. 127 of AlTarado, ESden Par
lor Xo. IIS of Hay wards, Mayfleld l';ir
inr Km. im, Athens Parlor Xo. ISf of
Woodland, !.' irlor Xo. 61 of
San Luis ObtSDO, Precita Parlor N<>. is;
"f Ban Francisco, Redwood City Par
lor No. 66, and South San Francisco
Parlor No. 157. to the effect that the
members intended taking part in the
parade ;i week from next Monday.
John H. Grady. one of the committee
of the Native Sons on the Jubilee com
mittee, stated that fully 10,000 men
would be in the parade, and he ex
horted the representatives present to
urge upon their respective parlors the
necessity of having all the members
join In the procession.
Governor Budd yesterday issued the
following proclamation declaring Jan
uary 24 a legal holiday:
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— 1t is con
templated that the fiftieth anniversary
of the discovery of gold in California
be celebrated on the twenty-fourth day
of January, A. D. IS9S. Recognizing
the significance of that event, and the
Influence which that discovery has ex
enised upon the destinies of California,
and the history of the world, and hav
ing been thereunto requested, I, James
H. liurld. Governor of California, do
hereby proclaim and appoint Monday.
January 24. A. D. l^ps, a legal holi
day. In witness whereof. I have here
unto set my hand, and caused the
great seal of th<* State of California to
be hereunto affixed, this 10th day of
January, A. D. 1S?8.
JAMES H. BUDD. Governor.
Fresno County is preparing to make
an exhibit of her products at the Gold
en Jubilee which will be highly cred
itable to that county. A splendid dis
play of raisins and dri^rl and citrus
fruit will be made, and the matter of
] collecting the exhibit is now being en
ergetically pushed. Messrs. Nourse,
Butler and Hermann of the Chamber
of Commerce of Fresno, who were ap
pointed to get up the exhibit, appeared
before the Board of Supervisors of that
county yesterday, and asked that Horti
cultural Commissioner Marshall be per
! mitted to visit Pan Francisco and re
main in charge of the Fresno County
exhibit during the five w^eks of the
, Golden Jubilee. The Chamber of Com
merce will bear all the expense of his
stay. The Hoard of Supervisors grant
ed the request unanimously.
Mr. Marshall will call" upon the
growers throughout Fresno County and
i collect exhibits, in addition to "those
which hnvp already l.wn pnrmisc<L The
intention is to make the Fresno County
display a striking one at the Jubilee,
and Mr. Marshall will work with that
j end in view. The Chamber of Com-
I merce Is enthusiastic In the matt* r of
i making a notable exhibit, and is work
ing hard to have the county well rep
resented.
One of the most elaborate floats
which will appear in the parade will be
that which will be presented in the
Celtic Division. A committee con
sisting of Colonel T. H. Barry, Frank
I Conklin and P. H. McOinney "have se
lected a design which will picture the
history of Ireland. The float will rep
resent one of the famous round towers
of the ancient isle. This will be pre
f^nt.-d In glistening granite covered
with moss and ivy from Ireland. A wolf
dog. indigenous to that country, will be
a prominent figure. Th.> four prov
inces. Ulster. Munster, Connaught and
Leinster, will ),.• presented by four liv
ing figures. In addition to this thirty
two young ladies borne in the float will
represent the counties of that country.
On the sides th* r.> will be twelve shields
on which will be depleted the charac
teiifttlcs of the most noted heroes in
Irish history. Tn addition to this an
Irish harpist will be sented on the
f the mountain In the r^ar of the
tower, and will play national selections
during th>- parade. Several waterfalls
realistically arranged will add color to
the whole scene.
An invitation was extended last
night to Rrigadfer-Oeneral If. W. Mul
ler, commanding the S. rond Brigade.
X. O. C, of Fresno, asking him and
his staff and command to parade in
this city on Jubilee day. Tf it is Im
possible to secure th*» attendance of all
the companies of the Second Brigade,
General Muller and the officers con
nected with his personal staff will prob
ably be present.
CRIMINALS SENTENCED.
The Davis Brothers Get Seven
Years for Attempted Robbery
of the Mails.
Yesterday was sentence day In the
United States District Court, and Judge
de Haven pronounced judgment upon four
criminals. The first to stand up was
Charles B. "White, a Stockton man, who
got into trouble by advertising an unlaw
ful medicine through the mails. He was
sentenced to pay a fine of 1300, or In de
fault to be imprisoned in the Alameda
County Jail until the fine should have
been paid.
James N. and Edgar L. Davis, the
brothers who tried to rob a mail coach
near Wllllts. In Mendocino County, last
Christmas night, were sentenced to seven
years' imprisonment with hard labor In
the San Quentin penitentiary. The sen
tence was light because it was their first
offense and because they saved the Gov
ernment the expense of a trial by plead
ing guilty.
Stephen Rosenbaum. alias Pinkey, one
of the notorious Rogers gang of counter
feiters, was sentenced to pay a fine of
?100 and to be imprisoned with hard labor
in the San Quentln penitentiary for
eighteen months.
The Greatest City lr> the World.
The aeeond Blustratod lecture in the
special course before the members of the
YounK Men's Christian Association and
their friends will be given at the Asso
ciation Auditorium, Mason and Ellis
streets next Tuesday evening hy Rev.
Alfred Kummer. his subject will be
•The Greatest City In the World." and
will be illustrated by 100 beautiful dis
solving views. These lectures are not
exclusively tor members of the <nstitu
tion; the public will be admitted
NEW TO-DAY.
THE IRALDWIN
CI LQ THIERS
HATTERS, FURNISHERS,
924-930 Market Street, San Francisco.
i C Days More of the
S ifaffiv B# M 9 w 818 w I w V a 111 V
19 Creditors Consolidation Clash.
No house in all Frisco dare offer you such bargains as wo have positively
given you the last week. Thousands of pleased purchasers will verify this state-
ment. Our finest Suits and Overcoats went at ridiculous figures. Men's Stanley
Shirts at 5 cents, our bargain counter of Kats at 10c, and Underwear tables were,
needless to say, swarmed with customers. Such ideas of selling seasonable
dependable wearables have never been known in this city before. This is stock,
taking time. Many broken lots will find places on tables designed for clearing
'em away fast. Some are not quoted to-day. Others you'll find below are here
In large assortment. The six trade-bringers for Monday and Tuesday are :
MEN'S SUITS. BOYS' SUITS.
CREDITORS' CONSOL- AGES 4 to 14.
IDATION CLASH CREDITORS' CONSOLIDA-
FOR MONDAY AND TION CLASH FOR MON-
TUESDAY ONLY. DAY AND TUESD\Y""J^
Over TOO MEN'S OLAY|«|A A f ONLY. TE A
WO RSTED BACK VI Jh Over 300 BOYS' NEAT AND Ifl I.
SUITS, elegantly tail-Jfc | .jj STYLISH SUITS; good lUU
ored and litted toyourVWlvW I material, strongly made for
form perfectly, all school or dress wear The Suit
sizes 34 to 44 The Sult CENTER AISLE. EXTREME REAR.
CENTER AISLE. FRONT. -~ —
■ MEN'S HATS.
ROYS' HATS. CREDITORS' CONSOLIDA-
UUIC> ■!/-». I *-*• TTON CLASH FOR MON-
Over 1000 BOYS' FEDORA DAY AND TUESDAY
HATS in different colors; Ag% ONLY. a■«
good hats fur felt lined and 111 A Over 1000 good stylish DER-°JU ft
trimmed with silk, worth 118 I. BY HATS; the shapes are /T 8
$1: Creditors' Consolidation IwU correct, ami absolutely^* V U
Clash for MONDAY AND nothing wrong with these
TUESDAY ONLY Each goods but the price -.. Each
LEFT AISLE. EXTREME REAR. LEFT AISLE. CENTER.
CIICDFMT»FJ?Q iNtwlv WEAR*
©UOKCnULKO. CREDITORS' CONSOLIDA-
The kind that win in the TION CLASH FOR MON-
stretch; over EBB pair 22 DAY AND TUESDAY
STRAND MEN'S SUS- if% ONLY. i-
PENDERS, in elegant de- IMO We've gathered together fa ft,
sign and very durable. I II- some great ties for your _l|_
Creditors' Consolidation Iww choosing; the early buyers V U
Clash MONDAY AND will reap the benefit of
TUESDAY ONLY The Pair choice patterns and designs Each
RIGHT AISLE. NEAR ENTRANCE. i RIGHT AISLE, NR. WRAPPING DESK
We desire to state that during this phenomenal sale each and every cus-
tomer—man or boy— will receive the same courteous treatment that is accorded
them at anytime, and which has made our store famous. There is no urging to
buy. and obliging sales people are always willing to serve you courteously.
M TT I STORE OPEN EVENINGS.
our prompt at- g mam BbP ■■■a^BKBHMHHiHB
tention and be kssßß^BP^l
'filled as fast as ljn^\ || IT !ji T O O
received and in \ \ I | j m\ P feJ
pare being used \ Jp
SI HATTERS, FURNISHERS,
benefits of an iiriiitiiOj runnionLiig,
& 1S 924-930 Market St., San Francisco,
A FINE POINT
OF DIPLOMACY
Vice - President Hobart
Takes Precedence
of Pauncefote.
Thus the Comity of Nations Is
Preserved and All Js
Harmony.
British Government Does Not Hesi
tat» to Come to the Rescue of
Washington Society.
Epec'.al Dlscatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, d. C, Jan. 15.
Washington society is tranquil again,
having settled a momentous question of
social precedence. The British Gov
ernment has decided that the Vice-
President of the United States takes
precedence over the British Embassa
dor, and Sir Julian Pauncefote has, un
der Its instructions, made the first call
on Vice-President Hobart, which the
latter has returned.
The question was raised by Sir Ju- i
Han, under the last administration,
when Vice-President Stevenson good '
naturedly waived his claim of preced
ence, but Vice-President Hobart did not
feel that it was right for him to do so i
and so refused to call upon Sir Julian
Pauncefote until the latter should call !
upon him.
As the dispute, although compara
tively unimportant, was liable to make
some friction at official functions. Pres
ident McKinley wrote, unofficially, to
Embassador Hay, with the approval of
Vice-President Hobart, asking him to
sound the British foreign office on the
subject, with the understanding that
whatever it decided would be accepted
by the United States.
Colonel Hay did so and replied that
the British Government accorded the
precedence to the Vice-President, and
that was quickly followed last week
by Sir Julian's formal call on Vice-
President Hobart.
Thus ends a controversy which has
made infinite talk in official and social
circles, although it has not figured
much in the newspapers.
Wlllian) H Cod Kin's Will.
William H. Godkin's last will vas filed |
ARE YOU GOING TO THE KLONDIKE?
If Your Equipment Is Thorough You Prob
ably Hove Your "Winchester."
It is a fart beyond question that the rush to
the Klondike from this on will be something
tremendous. This la proven by Inquiry at any
of the "flttinpr out" places of the country.
They will also inform you, it you ask, that
one thing that is as necessary as clothing- is a
trusty Winchester. It may not be alone re
quired for protection, but will also be found
valuable for "food hunting." If you need a
rifle for any purpose whatever or want to know
about them, send your name and address on a
postal card to the Winchester Repeating Arms
Co., New Haven, Conn., or 418 Market St., San
Francisco, and they will send you a catalogue
of 182 pages, absolutely free.
for probate yesterday. The sisters of tha
testator, Mary J., Charlotte L. and
Evelyn A. Godkin. are bequeathed his
real estate in San Francisco, ana-a
and share alike. The residue of the prop
erty is given to the widow of the de
cedent, Ellen Godkin. The value of the
estate is unknown.
BLACK DRESS SKIRTS. I
We have on hand a large sur- la
plus stock of fine Stylish Dress B
Skirts. We will offer same at ||
marked reductions prior to stock- £3
taking. M
Handsome Silk Dress Skirts at 1
$7.00, I
Formerly sold 110.00. N
Elegant English Serge Dress |
Skirts at $5.00, |
Formerly sold 87.50. t|
Novelty Mohair Dress Skirts at |
$3.50, I
Regular value J5.00 Q
Special — 100 High Novelty Dress 1
Skirts, I
Formerly $15.00 to 820.00 each, R
Offered Now $10.00 each. 1
BLACK SERGES. I
46-inch All-Wool Serge 50c yard. i
48=inch Cheviot Serge 69c yard. 1
50=inch English Serge 75c yard. I
All Magnificent Values. I
THE BLACK GOODS HOUSE I
1106 Market Street, |j
Near Mason and Turk Sts. g
140
SMITH PREMIER _ _
S. F. Public Schools 44
Heald's Business College 35
Southern Pacific Company 34
Western Union Telegraph 18
Smith's Cash Store 9
USED EVERYWHERE.
TYPEWRITERS RENTED
Write for Art Catalogue.
L&M. ALEXANDERS CO.
General Agents,
110 Montgomery St.
Jt£iMj^^ Loan Wanted.
soo°o ° f ° r 2 y eara
*Sj^^^VF®S at 8 per cent. So-
4uNm||HhJmmMhh^ ourity is ample and
< ™BJfsotKMßjßiy>ypCa^ borrower a business
78
IMPORTANT EVENTS IN FOREIGN LANDS.
GERMANY
YET MAKES
DEMANDS
Seeks a Ninety-Nine
Years' Lease of
Kiaochau.
Also Insists Upon the
Right to Build Railroads
and Work Mines.
An Indemnity of Two Hundred
Thousand Taels Is Also
Required.
CHINA UNDER PRESSURE.
Enormous Concessions Sought Upon
Pretext of Reparation for the Mur
der of Missionaries.
Special Dispatch, to The Call.
PEKING, Jan 15.— Germany has de
manded a ninety-nine-year lease of
Kiaochau and a large area surrounding.
China offers to lease the bay and shores
only for fifty years. Here the matter
rf-sts. The Germans insist on the
right to build railroads and work mines
"whenever they wi*h.
It is reported that a railroad from
Kiaochau to Binan Fu has been agreed
to, the Germans acquiring mining
rights for a mile on each Bide of the
line and the Chinese to be admitted as
shareholders. Germany has ren
her demand for an indemnity of 200,000
taels for the erection of a cathedral,
and for compensation to the
en-.ount of several thousand taels for
the relatives of the murdered mission
aries.
EMPEROR WILLIAM
TWICE INTERVIEWS THE
RUSSIAN EMBASSADOR
There Is Yet Uncertainty and Uneasiness as
to Japan's Future Steps Regard
ing China and Korea.
BERLIN, Jan. 15.— Twice during the
past week Emperor William called
unannounced at the Russian Embassy
and had long conversations with
Count yon Osten-Sacken, the Russian
Embassador. It Is learned on good
authority that the conversations were,
solely on the far Eastern question. The
Emperor La uncertain as to Japan's
future steps in regard to China and
Korea, and Count yon Osten-Sacken,
on the strength of recent St. Peters
burg information, was able to en
lighten his Majesty fully on the sub
ject.
The entente with Russia, continues
undisturbed. The Czar in a lengthy
personal letter explained to Emperor
William Bhartly after the seizure of
Port Arthur Russia's Intentions and
plans regarding Manchuria and North
China.
' A correspondent learns that the
■whole of Trane-Caucasia, including
the big province of Turkestan, will
shortly be placed under th« control of
to Governor-General, probably a lius-
Eian Grand Duke, who will have prac
tically unlimited military administra
tive power. It is believed that by such
a measure the welfare of the popula
tion of 25.000,000 eouls, inhabiting a
territory separated from the central
Government by thousands of miles,
can better be assured. The changed
relations between China and Germany
are strikincly shown in the fact that
the new Chinese Ambassador, who has
just arrived, is accredited to Berlin
only, and not to several courts as
heretofore, and his corps of secretaries
and attaches has been increased from
six to thirty.
Tho existing commercial treaty with
China will be retained, although in an
interview with a correspondent the
Embassador, Guehlnan, said: "By the
desire of both countries some modifi
cations will be negotiated. Generally
Breaking-, Germany is satisfied with
the old treaty, but she desires certain
improvements in regard to the admis
sion of German iron ware, lamps, no
tions, etc., while China wishes better
terms in regard to the duty on teas."
The Embassador is delighted with
hi? reception by Baron yon Bulow, the
Minister for Foreign Affairs, which
has confirmed the statement that the
relations between China and Germany
are excellent. notwithstanding the
seizure of Kiauch.-iu Bay.
The Colonial Office is preparing a
civil administration for Kiaochau, and
the German Consul, Stebel, at Shang
hai, is organizing a provisional ad
ministration. The. first reports are
anxiously awaited. It is intended that
the customs and internal service offi
cials at Kiaochau • shall be Germans
versed in both Chinese and English, so
that the commercial interests of the
port may be better protected.
The bill asking for appropriations
for the expenses of the Chinese expe
dition cannot be presented until the
next Reichstag meets.
SWINDLING SCHEMES OF
AMERICANS IN MEXICO.
Many Arrests Being Made and United
States Officials Will Aid in Breaking
Up the Confidence Gang.
CITY OF MEXICO. Jan. 15.-John I
Eads, accused of complicity in the swin
dling operations here In which Francke '
of Chicago was victimized to the amount j
of 530.000, was arrested to-day at Tlantl- j
topalpam, State of Vera Cruz, and four I
detectives have pone to bring him to this
city. Other arrests are Impending. The j
case has created a great sensation, and
the United States official* here support
the Government In breaking up the gang :
of bold American ! confidence operators,
the whole extent of whose operations will
not be known until the case comes to
trial.
Guarantee Funds Must Be Paid.
BERLIN. Jan. 15.— Suits to enforce pay
ment of the guarantee funds of the de
funct Berlin Exposition of 1896 have be
gun. The first ninety-five subscribers
have been condemned to pay the amount
of their subscriptions, with costs.
*
Porte Negotiating a Loan.
CONSTANTINOPLE:. Jan. 13. - The
Porte, It is announced, is negotiating a
loan of £1,500,000 with London bankers at
4 per cent, to be used for naval purposes.
FRENCH FORCES
PENETRATE TO
BAHR-GHAZAL
Fear of War Will Not Stop Great
Britain prom Attempting to
Drive Out Invaders.
LONDON. Jn..15. — Temporarily overshadowed, the movements of the
French on the upper Nile are again becoming unpleasantly prominent
to those who Imagined that' England had undisputed claims upon
those regions. It is immaterial to discuss the exact whereabouts of
the French expeditions. It suffices that, according to the bulk of evi
dence, they have penetrated to Bahr-Ghazal, the most fertile province
of the Egyptian Soudan, with the distinct mandate of their Govern
ment.
If this is true and the declarations of successive British Cabinets
mean anything, M. Hanotaux has brought about a casus belli. Thus
far M. Hanotaux seems to have the advantage; but the game is dan
gerous. Fear of war with France will not stop Great Britain from re
covering the whole Egyptian Soudan and driving out any French ex
peditions which may be found there when, in the opinio-n of Marquis
of Salisbury, the proper time has arrived.
In th<^ meantime. Prince Henry of Orleans Is fitting out at Marseilles
and evidently with the approval of the Government an armed expedi
tion to subdue the Equatorial provinces which the Negus presented,
claiming they had belonged to Abyssinia In prehistoric times; but in
reality these provinces are identical with those Great Britain is Reek
ing to restore to Egypt. So, perhaps, there is some truth in the story
that the activity of the British is due to the Egyptian intelligence de
partment learning that the French Abyssinian troops have reached
Fashoda; that King Menelik is preparing reinforcements with the in
tention of following up this success, and that a common policy, which
is morally supported by Russia, unites France and Abyssinia.
There are persistent repoTts of grave troubles threatening Persia.
The Shah's sovereignty has always been shaky, and it la now affirmed
to be rapidly slipping away from his grasp. Indeed, the situation at
Teheran is described as being so precarious that a crfup d'etat may
be precipitated at any moment. Probably the murder of Greaves, the
English telegraph operator, and the outbreak at Mekran are connect
ed with the tendency to revolt in Persia.
It is believed in well-informed circles that the dispatch of Indian
troops to the Persian Gulf is due to general unrest.
The news that Sir William Lockhart, the commander of the British
forces on the Indian frontier, has postponed his journey homeward. In
the expectation of a settlement with the Afridls, who are seemingly de-
F-irous o-f submitting, points to the early conclusion of the most serious
of the quartet of "little wars" in which Great Britain is engaged, and
which will probably absorb the whole of the budget surplus.
MR. MENOCAL`S
EXPLANATION
Tells of the Construction
of the Big Brooklyn
Drydock.
Was Not Present When the
Faulty Work Was
Done.
Upon Bec-elpt of the Order the Civil
Engineer Will ReUirn to Face
Charges.
rlgtot MW. by Jam*s Gordon Bennett.
PANAMA, Jan. 15.— The Herald's cor
respondent with the Nicaraguan Canal
Commission cables from the Granada:
The first knowledge of the order to Civ
il En^'in-f-r Menocal to return to the
United States in connection with the
faulty construction of dry-dock No. 3 at
the Brooklyn Navy Yard was given to
the commission and Mr. Menocal by the
Herald correspondent this morning, and
caused much surprise. Pending the re
ceipt of orders Mr. Menocal will con
tinue with the commission, and will re
turn at once on their receipt. His
place will be taken by some engineer
familiar -with the canal line, probably
H. C. Miller, now between Greytown
and Ochoa. Mr. Menocal said to me:
"I have no doubt as to the outcome.
I was the supervisor, but had several
assistants, and could not personally
s;h ervise all the work day and ntght.
The drilling was done in very treach
erous land, and the leak resulted prob
ably from this work. It could not
have been foreseen. The contractor is
an honest man. After the work was
completed and successfully tested, and
he had been paid and the contract can
celed and the leak occurred, he wrote
to the Navy Department offering to
repair the damage."
Mr. Menocal's explanation •will ho
that he was inspecting the work at Key
West when the work was done which
resulted in the leak.
NICARAGUA CANAL
COMMISSION AT MANAGUA.
Conveyed in a Special Train Sent by Presi-
dent Zelaya and Given a Great
Ovation Upon Arrival.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua. Jan. IS.— Rear
Admiral J. G. Walker, head of tlfe Nic
aragua Canal Commission; Civil Engin
eer A. G. Menocal, and the other mem
bers of the commission arrived here to
day from Granada, by a special train sent
by President Zelaya. The party was In
Charge of Senor Munoz, Minister of the
Interior. The visitors were escorted from
Granada by United States Consul PauJ
Wit-sfke, Rudolph "Wiiser, the agent of
the canal company, and T. L. Morgan of
Alabama. They were met at the railway
station by the judges of the Supreme
Court, Cabinet ministers, members of the
National Congress, the military band and
many citizens.
The National Palace and the principal
Btreets of the city are decorated In their
honor. All are woll.
BRAZIL WILL SELL
HER NEW WARSHIP.
Advices From Rio Janeiro Indicate Tfia
Vessels Being Constructed in Ger
many Will Be Disposed Of.
Copyright, IS9R. by Jam's Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Jan. 15.— The Her-
ald's correspondent In Rio Janeiro tste
graphs that It is believed there that
Brazil will sell the new warships now In
course of instruction in Germany-
Bismarck's Health Improves.
RERUN, Jan. 15.— Prince Binmarck is
steadily Improving In health. He is again
good-humored and has expressed approv
al of the seizure of Kiaochau Bay in a
letter tn the Grand Dukes of Weimar and
Mecklenburg.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 189 S.
INDIA AND THE
GOLD STANDARD
A Speech on Finances
Made by Sir James
Westland.
Great Advance In Prosperity
Makes the Prospects Far
Brighter.
LJi-i.^ters of the Past "Year Have Been
Followed by a Most Bountiful
Harvest.
Epe-lal Dispatch to The Call.
CALCUTTA, Jan. 15.— Sir Jamea
"Westland, the Finance Minister of the
Council, at yesterday:* meeting of that
body, made a speech in which he said
he was unable to give a final reply to
the question of the Introduction of a
gold standard. One thing was clear,
he continued — a gre"at advance had
been made in the direction contemplat
ed by the authors of the policy of 1593,
namely, the gold standard would be
come possible. Many obscure points
had been determined by actual experi
ence. The disasters of 1597 had been
followed by a bountiful harvest, and
lh" renewal of the trade discussions of
last autumn had prepared the public
and official opinion in England for the
possible necessity of the. gold standard,
which might involve the actual diver
sion for Indian purposes of a certain
amount of gold fro-m the general avail
able stock.
The speaker said also that he was
fully alive to the grave commercial
bearings of the subject, adding that if
the legislation of ]S'.*3 had not been in
troduced exchange might have dropped
to nine pence, and the present situa
tion might have been far worse.
NEW WAGE SCHEDULES IN
NEW ENGLAND COTTON-MILLS.
More Than Fifty Large Corporations Put
the Proposed Reductions Into
Effect.
BOSTON. Jan. 15.— The operatives In
over half a huldred cotton mills in the
New England States ceased to be paid
under the old schedule of prlds when
they left their work to-day. On Monday
morning the general policy of the manu
facturers to reduce wages will be in ef
fect in nearly every mill center in the
vix States. The reduction will then be
come operative in tho cotton mills of
New Bedford. Lawell, Pawtucket and
Blackstono Valley, in Rhode Island and
in the States of Maine and New Hamp
shire.
Ths Fall River Mills, with the excep
tion of three corporations, rut wages
earlier In the month, as did also the
Amoskeng Company of Manchester and
the mills in Salem and a number of
smaller plnces.
N<w Be.lford continues to be the storm
center. The Indications to-night aro that
all tho cotton mills in that city will be
silent for some tlmo to come, the em
ployes having decided almost unanimous
ly not to go X<) work under the lower
wage schedule. The attempts of the
State Board of Arbitration to bring
about a compromise have failed and
there is little chance that the request of
the City Council of New Bedford that
the reduction be postponed one wetk
will have tho desired effect.
ASSIGNS HIS INTEREST.
New Move by the Contestant of the Late
Edward Barron's Will.
SAN JOSE. Jan. 15.— A petition has been
filed In the Probate Court by which
George E. Barron. the contestant of tho
Will of the late millionaire Edward Bar
ron. has assigned his interest In the es
tate to William C. Spencer to secure the
payment of a JSOOO loan. UnleM the loan
is paid by a specified time Spencer is
riven the option to forecl">e on Barren's
Interest and sell the same to secure the
payment of the Indebtedness. Previous
assignments tr> the amount of about
J2O/XW have been made.
VIOLENCE
AND CHAOS
ARE AHEAD
All France Growing
in a Hysterical
State.
How the English View
the Scandals of the
Army.
Riotous Proceedings in Paris
May Culminate Seri
ously.
SLANDER RUNS RAMPANT.
Duels Have Resulted and ■ .flonMer
Manifestation Is Proposed for
To- Day.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 15.— The new phase
Into which the Dreyfus case has en
tered is a distinct advance. The era
of secret courts-martial Is over and a
civil and public court will have to in
vestigate Emile Zola's charges of per
sistent distortion of Justice. The be
havior of military authorities in "burk
ing" the inquiry casts the gravest re
flections upon the oft-asserted honor of
the French army, which has shown an
Obstinate determination to stick to
gether, right or wrong. Outside of
France all Europe believes Dreyfus is
the victim of a conspiracy and the
prosecution of Zola has broadened the
question, for the whole French army is
now virtually placed on trial.
The gravity of the situation is en
hanced because the wh tie i t France is
in a staie of growing hysterical ex
citement. Temporarily the republic is
generally supported throughout the
country, but history shows that simi
lar hysteria has frequently led to vio
lence and chaos. When Trance is able
to analyze the situation and should the
suspicious prove that th-- honor of the
army is really affected, the conse
quences to the republic might bo of the
most seri >us description. The Panama
scandals have litical life and
the law courts have been discredited;
therefore, if respect for the army must
also be - red, the desire to
Chang* ti, ;nent may be lrre
ble, in which case the temptation
for the leaders to divert the attention
of the country to a foreign war will be
well nigh Irresistible. Hence, the deep
E ran© 'a neighbors.
For the moment the intense excite
ment will probably find an outlet in the
renewal of the presented dur
ing th>- lost days of Boulangism. Hot
altercatii :is in the streets, leading to
assaults, . ■ . at; the police are
guarding the houses of prominent
Dreyfusians, and it is Impossible to
the arn-sts will end.
Slander and denunciation are so ram
pant that the authorities are taking
;i i :■: ■ caution to prevent th
lumniated from taking the law Into
their own hands. Duels have already
result'-,'. \ monster manifestation is
preparing in Paris for Sunday. Alleg
edly it is anti-Dreyfusian. Really it is
anti-S ■ 1 unless prohibited it is
! serious riots may be the se
quel.
Influenza has penetrated to the Sacred
College si Home; but few cardinals are
exempt and the condition of Mgrs. Pa
rorhl. Agllardl. Orgelia and Mertel is
grave. The Pope thus far has es
caped.
An envm-nt person, who was lunch-
Iriß recently with Mr. Gladstone, asked
him what was the greatest danger
threatening Great Britain. Was it
Prance, Germany, Russia or America?
"None of them." was the reply of the
great Ergp.-h statesman. "The only
danger 1 foresee hi from the trades
unions and their attendant strikes."
The health of ex-Empress Eugenic is
disquieting. Her rheumatism grows
worse, and she is unable to cross a
Unassisted. However, it is hoped
her stay on the Riviera will recruit her
health.
The death of "Lewis Carroll" (the
Rev. C. H. Hodgson), author of "Alice
in Wonderland." has cause, l the great
est regret In all parts ,>f Great Britain.
The pnp. rs are full of reminiscences of
his many stories, plowing how intense
was his love f«-r children and how uni
versal hi* shyness and dignity to oth
ers. "Lewis Carroll" was very partic
ular as to his personal appearance. His
alert figure and general vigor conveyed
th" impression that he was much
younger than C>'<. He never wore an
overcoat in his life, and continued to
take long constitutionals to the end.
The deceased was staying with his sis
ter at Gullford when he died.
The sa'es of horses of Lord "William
Reresford (who is unable to continue
hunting) nt Tattersall's Monday
brought out a large attendance of hunt-
Ing men from all parts of the country,
and fetched a total of 2352 guineas, in
cluding 710 guineas for a magnificent
hunter. Lord Arravale. who won the
national hunt cup at Punchestown In
ISSfi.
The Spectator devotes a leading: arti
cle to Mrs. Hearst's plan for the T"ni
versity of California, which it pro
nounces, nn Its face, to be a "grand
B< her Hnpr one of those famous
competitions In Italy, wherrln Brunel
leschi and Michael Angelo participat
ed."
"There Is," the Spectator says, "thp
making or marring of a magnificent
idea in the project."
Apropos of this, the Spectator dis
courses at length c-n the striking con
trasts in America, "where ro many
m<»n of wealth, whose money has been
derived from coal, iron or railways, are
nut governed merely by utilitarian con
dition* ivhen they end<uv the public
with their surplus wealth." and adds,
"this Is a sign of the idealism which
Lowell said lay hidden In the Ameri
can character."
Employer Will Not Give In.
MANCHESTER. Jan. 15.— Interest In
the engim-ers' strike has shifted to the at
titude of the employers. They are dis
1 to stand out for a complete victory
and say the withdrawal "f the demand
for f'-rty- eight hours' work a week does
not end the difference. They still Insist
upon complete control of their works and
will effect a reconciliation only on the
terms outlined at the last conference.
WAR CLOUDS
HANGING OVER
TWO NATIONS
Old Boundary Dispute Raided Up
in Chile and InteQse Bitter-
Qess flgaiost Argentina
hjas Been groused.
*• VALPARAISO, Jan. 15. — "War clouds are hanging low over Chile S3
% and Argentina. The old boundary dispute has been raked up by the '&
Z2 press of Chile, and intense bitterness against Argentina has been ?•
li aroused. This bitterness has extended to the Chamber of Deputies *2
12 of Chile, and during the week that body has held several secret ses- *•
Z2 siors to discuss Chile's foreign relations. The last secret session was ?2
Si hela i st night. I am informed on good authority that at the session *2
88 of the Chamber it was decided to give to the Government full power to **
?» place the country on a war basis, to make ready for defensive and of- ?2
*• tensive operations. Zl
*. Wild rumors are flying to-day in Valparaiso and Santiago. Some 12
*• of these rumors seem to be well founded; others are entirely without *•
'2 reason. One rumor which has gained credence is that the Chilean ZS
Z2 Government has sent an ultimatum to Argentina demanding the re- Z2
Si tirement of the Boundary Commissioner, Senor Moreno, within eight %
*• days. I Investigated this rumor as far as was possible, and it Is of- *•
% n'cially denied by persons In position to know the facts. . ?•
8S8S8888888388S2S88888!S%%;«%!g8gS!8*SS8*S;3*S88?2!8K%".
ILLNESS OF
THE EMPRESS
It Causes Court Festivities
to Be Held in Abey
ance.
However, She Is Expected to
Appear at William's Birth
day Fete.
Austria and Germany Are Now Will
ing to Confer Upon Abolishing
Sugar Bounties.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, Jan. 25.— Owing to the slow
recovery of the Empress, whose physi
cian has forbidden all exertion, the
programme of the season's court fes
tivities has not been drawn up. The
great court, usually held in the middle
of January, In the hall of the Knights,
in the castle, has been abandoned. It is
hoped the Empress will be strong
enough to attend the fete upon the oc
casion of the Emperor's birthday, Jan
uary 27, In which case several large
balls and receptions will follow, finish
ing with the Hard! eras Ball on Feb
ruary 22 The King of Saxony, the two
Saxon princes, the King of Wurtem
burg the Grand Duke and Grand
Duchess of Hesse, the hereditary
Prince and Princess of Baden will be
among the guests at the Emperor's
birthday fete.
Austria and Germany have intimated
their willingness to attend the proposed
conference at Brussels to discuss the
abolition of sugar bounties. France is
also showing an inclination to join, so
an early meeting is probable.
The export of sugar to the United
States has suffered enormously through
the Dingley tariff. In fact, it has al
most stopped. During the last quar
ter of 1597 only $27,000 worth of sugar
was. shipped from Hamburg, the prin
cipal sugar port of Germany.
The first social function attended by
Prince Hohenlohe. the Imperial Chan
cellor, since the death of his wife, was
the reception of United States Embas
sador Andrew D. White on Tuesday.
The Prince was among the first arriv
als, and remained in conversation with
his host and hostess for half an hour,
although his physicians advised him
not to go; but the Chancellor said he
felt it to be his duty to go. The fact
has excited general comment in diplo
matic and official circles. ':_ (
A sensational drama, "Der Kocnig.
by Richard Voss, dealing with the life
and suicide of crazy King Louis of Ba
varia, will be presented for the first
time at the Berlin Schiller Theater
within a week or two. The matter has
been the subject of diplomatic repre
sentations upon the part of Bavaria,
whose officials were told there was no
law to stop the performance. The Ba
varian representative at Berlin is deep
ly offended at the refusal, and has re
ported the matter to Munich.
At the Instance of the Navy Depart
ment, a pamphlet has been issued, ad
dressed to the Hebrew Reichstag elec
tors, who are mostly followers of Heir
Richter, exhorting them to- vote for a
: larger navy, as "Palestine, by Its aid.
could be turned into a new Germany"
for them.
The Agrarian press has started a
campaign against American win- A
higher duty on American wines is de
manded, on the ground that these
wines, especially those from California,
are directly competing with German
wines in the latter's market.
The Deutsche "Weln Zeitung, 'organ
of the German vintners, asserts that
there is no such competition, as, ac
cording to the publication, the Califor
nia wines, with their greater percent
age of alcohol and acids, compete in
Germany only with Spanish, Italian
and South of France wines.
Floods on the Spanish Frontier.
LONDON*. Jan. 15.— A special dispatch
from Paris says that the continuance of
heavy rains on the Spanish frontier has
done much damage. In the district of
Perplgnan the River Tot overflowed,
flooding the country for miles. The low
lying villages have been evacuated and
relief parties are relieving the household
era In boats.
Afridis Are Again Active.
LONDON*. Jan. l. r ..— The Earl of Elgin,
Viceroy of India has wired the Govern
ment that the Zakka-Khel Afridis have
reoccupied Khyber Pan and that the cut
ting of wires and firing upon escorts have
recommenced.
Kicked by a Vicious Horse.
MILL, VALLEY. Jan. 15.— George Morse
was kicked and trampled upon by a horse
owned by Constable J. F. Maher here to
day, and received severe injuries. The
young man went Into the stall where the
horse was feeding, and the animal threw
him (lawn and kicked him ranaatedlv.
Morse's injuries are severe, but it is
thought he will recover.
LONG DISTANCE SPARRING
AFTER THE SENATORIAL FIGHT.
Dougherty Declares That Because He Is a
Bolter Kurtz Should Not Remain in
the National Committee.
CTNTIX.YATi. Jan. 15.— The Oommer- !
cial-Trihune's special from Columbus
Bays: Tin- newspaper sparring between 1
Harry Daugherty, chairman of the Re- !
■n State Central Committee, and ■
Charley Kurtz, the Ohio member of the!
Republican National Committee, is about!
all there is left of the senatorial contest. .
They i . ht at long range in !
the local i ra Each belligerent
is Interviewed In this evening's p
Kurtz nays his tiisreajx General
Grosvenor, declares his intention to stay
upon the National Committee In s]
herty, and issues a comprehensive
nge to the world at largo, and to
:• ifaiitiii's friends in particular. It
Is a chai I -tie Kurtz interview
he discloses some very unsavory politi
cal history. Mr. Daugherty tella Mr
Kurtz that boltiner Republicans should
not hold membership on the National
Republican Committee, and while pro
g the most profound regard for Mr
Kurtz as an American citizen Mr
•.trty Intimates his intention of
pursuing Mr. Kurtz politically for the
good of the par;;..
DEATH OF WEISS FORNEY,
THE WELL-KNOWN EDITOR.
After a Long Illness From Paralysis the
Veteran Wrixer Passes Away at
the Age of Seventy-One.
HARRISBT'RG. Pa., Jan. 13.— Weiss
Forney, a well-known retired editor, died
at his residence in this city this evening,
a long illness from paralysis, aged
71 years.
Mr. Forney was a Douglas Democrat
• the war, but he quarrtl~d with
Buchanan and his efforts powerfully
strengthened the Republican party f^V
truggle of 1860. He was afterward
:' Mr. Lincoln's most powerful sup
rs. He established Forney's Press
and was an author of note aside from his
editorial work. He was born In 1817.
WHY SENATOR PERKINS
IS OPPOSED TO WITH ROW.
Delaying Action on the Santa Clara Post
mastership Because of a
Protest.
"WASHINGTON", Jan. Per
kins says it is a mistake to suppose that
he is going to oppose the nomination of
Postmasters recommended by Congress
man Loud and nominated by the Presi
dent. It is true, he said to-night, that
he had ask. <! the Senate Committee to
postpone consideration of the nomination
of A. A. "Wit brow as Postmaster at Santa
Clara, but he received a request from
twenty citizens of that city asking that
the nomination be not considered until
their protest could roach here by mail.
He does not intend to oppose the con
firmation of Dawson as Inspector of
Dru^s at San Francisco. This nomina
tion will likely be confirmed next week
THROWS POWDER INTO A STOVE.
Child Causes an Explosion and Receives
Probably Fatal Burns.
PETAT/TMA, Jan. 13.— Add Carr, the
ir>-year-old daughter of Thomas Carr of
Oakland, while visiting her grandparents,
Mr. and Mrs. Mark Carr of Perms Grove!
near this city, found a powder flask con
taining a half pound of powder this aft
;i. She threw it into the fire. Th«
explosion blew the stove to pieces broke
the windows In the house and set'flre to
the clothing- of the child, who ran to the
barn, where the grandparents extin
guished the flames, being severely
burned themselves. The child's burns
may prove fatal.
. NEW TO-DAY.
,^^^S| ■ GUARANTEES
f^^fe'aH® That the cost of treatment to effect a
cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
<^j~s<^gfc- : ceed the prices named below, including
vt? \yJ§^W& a " medicines.
v<<^^^^ If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh $20 00 I Piles $20 00! Kidney Diseases $-><■> no
Rheumatism 20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Sciatica «n m
Neuralgia 20 00 • Skin Diseases 20 00 Nervous" "bebllitv on m
Cancer 100 00 Diabetes •...25 00 Syphilis eouuy W
Fistula 30 Of) Ulcers (chronic) 40 00 j Varicocele "'""■ ""mm
Asthma 25 00 Bladder Diseases 20 00 Stricture ™™
Gravel „.... 20 00 Bronchitis 20 00 Rupture M
Consumption. Ist stage 30 00 i Epilepsy or Fits 30 00 Los* of Manhood ™ m
Tapeworm 20 00 Diseases, of Liv«- 20 00 Gonorrhoea ?n m
Dropsy 30 00 Goitre or Thick Neck. 30 00 i Gleet }- 2?
Dyspepsia 13 00 ' Salt Rheum 25 00 ProstatiV f>Vs«nV»o iX x£
Deafness 30 00 Brighfs Disease... 40 00 I Tumor" 0 .^ISOW to*4» 00
Those who are un.ible to pay the above prices will receive services free of chir*-*
I«o matter what your Disease or Affliction raav be nor of how lone manrin,,. «1~ ,„ " »w • . ,
of these EMINENT CANADIAN PHYSICIANS, as 1 : COSTS VOII Nnrn m? plßlm
TIIK XKITKAUZIJiG SYSTEM OF THE \T " a boon m ? # ?? L G<
a? it does away with the taktnr of poisonous mineral remeaies ou to suffering humanity
lnl^^,m!v'^^^^':ii^^^:;^ Bt:;lßeUilnd We '' k *»>*■"*» indiscretion and excess
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, Cor - 1a s n'francisco, cal,
- ■;■-:-'
FRANCE AND
HER METHODS
OF INQUIRY
The Notarious Drey
fus Case Is Still
Dragging.
Secret Trials Do Not Meet
With the Public Ap
proval.
Even the Conservative Papere
Take a Hand in Ridiculing
the Government.
ZOLA'S TURN COMES NEXT
Famous Letter of the Novelist F«n»»
the Flames of the Celebraed *
Army Scandal.
Copyright. IS?S, by James Gordon Bennett.
PARIS, Jan. 15.— Naturally enough, M.
Zola's letter and the Esterhazy case
that made him write it form the roast
beef o-f the papers just now. The
sweeping nature of Zola's accusations
has, if anything, caused them to be re
ceived with rather less belief than they
might have been expected to command.
In the army of a country where every
man has been, is, or will be a soldier
there must necessarily be some black
sheep, but from that to the wholesale
discrediting of officers who have form
ed two co-urt-martials is a long step.
At the same time much satisfaction
has been expressed that with Zola's
prosecution the affair must be dragged
into full daylight. This, however, is by
no means certain. The code specially
permits the trial in camera of cases
that may be prejudicial to public mor
als or safety. The question is, will the
trial of Zola for writing his now fa
mous letter and of Clemenceau's new
journal, Aurore, for publishing it, come
under the head of such cases?- I have
talked with individuals in very varying
■•s of life about this point, and the
consensus of opinion is that, although
the Government would probably prefer
to judge cases in camera, it will not
dare to- do it.
Public opinion which in a large meas
ure is uneasily concerned with the pos
sibility of justice having miscarried in
the Dreyfus matter, would be danger
ously excited should the popular nov
elist be tried behind closed doors for
what is after v.l only a bieach of the
press law. F.ven the conservative and
semi-official Temps admits that what is
troubling and scandalizing the public^
is the methoa uf investigation revealed by»
recent cases. The people, it says, recol-r
U'ct under what strange conditions the
domiciliary visit was made to the
apartment of Colonel Picquart; they
have seen Major Eaterhazy accuse this
same Colonel Plcquart with having
broken into the house like a burglar.
These things have been said and relat
ed as quite simple and natural, as
though such things were still done by
other hands and with the same liber
ty. That is what ought to- appear enor
mous to the public conscience, and
which, in fact, will appear as such
upon the day when, meditating after
the emotion of a moment, it takes ac
count of the methods employed in cer
tain administration — methods which
are immediately covered by the sacred
mantle of national defenses.
The Figaro, which has adopted a
more conservative attitude of late, this
morning: devotes its leading- article to
what it calls, in semi-humorous vein,
"the new inquisition." This has been
re-established, it says gayly, in a
modified form, though the decree will
not appear in the official gazette, as
the Government wishes to wasi: its
hands of it. Nevertheless, it goes on.
the inquisition, banished by law, has
taken refuge in our customsand to spy
on one another is one of the first arti
cles in the French catheclist. Even in
th^ smallest hamlet of Prance, says the
writer, A. Claveau, there is mutual sur
veillance, which is one of the most del
icate forms of modern solidarity. Tl.»w
ever. the new inquisition has this su
periority over the old one. It d*>es not
burn its victims: it dishonors them.
The now regulation of the United
States for the importation of sealskin
garments bids fair to- utterly ruin that
Industry both upon this side of the At
lantic as well as in America, here be
cause a larger part of the trade is done
with American customers, and In Amer
ica, because Paris imposes its styie^
and fashions 1n this as in most othe^
departments of dress upon the whole
w-irld. It is consequently claimed here
that when Americans can no longer
have sealskin garments made in Paris
they will then do without them alto
gether, and will turn their patronage
toward other kinds of furs.A DAY ON THE WATER FRONT.
A DAY ON TTTK WATER FRONT.
I have always had an Immense r<
for the v.. rter. He is the
person who discourses technically ah^ut
things nautJ al. He knows the difference
.. and a barkentlm
tween a ship ai ' " :■■
alludes to ' Boats without
femlnli - he calls everybody
he nn
A very little of this 1 knew before I
accompanied the great man one day last
■week upon his beat. Bui my admiration
for the lore of the water front reporter
grew steadily all the way from the Mail
doi k up to Melggs wharf, and back
again; so that 1 shall have to revise my
original opinion of him. How in the
namo of all that's salty he manages to
pick up the information on all the mul
titudinous marine matters that make up
his department is one of tho mysteries.
Ho knows tho captain on this boat bound
Looking From the Upper Deck of the
?r Far Into the Hold Be'ow.
for Honolulu; the mi I t E
■
m of. r on
•t just arri Is his
made,
r to 1
onl old
has r<M a -
I
• • • * »
Al 1 ■
r • •
I
> •-• hose
and the ro
ff lands is that fas
•••. I'd m.ikr- the 0'
i water front r porter. I mipht
hip of the
I man en my b!6ck, or for the honor
I that mipht be mino in boy
t >>on = t of intimacy with the
■ ■ dally exer< s the hoi
• • \";ne house. I'.nt all the
h energies
to the water front re
■. For llm I'd fag. For him I'd
heart I'd
that sine* i - which I
r<! anticipate his every wish.
ful if he noticed me as I should I>e
to disappear did his briny lord
ropil lous.
For the water front reporter holds the
key to living- stories, tales whose charm
Is greater than the Arabian Nights and
Robinson Crusoe put together. True, in
the course of the years of experience that
make him the glorious being he Is, the
vrater front has lost Its poetry to him.
But, If you're a boy. you've stores of
romance safely concealed in the depths of
a nature that pretends to gruff, prosaic
disillusion. Let but the genius of the
boy give the opportunity; boyhood will
do the rest.
• « » • •
Tf you're bo unfortunate as rr.» to be a
hoy. • 'rmit will not have quite
rm. It will lack t! ■•
ponal possibility b, for inst
might give it v. •
cent fickleness to in;
moment a Scandinav
and the n^xt a Scotch capl hat; In
an hour ctianging i ; and dea
wlth all the speed and facility
. 'v-flream.
But it is not only to youth that the
I of the bay are so attra< ■■
rationality under the sun. every type, of
: n nature, all the evldenc I
] i.s a cosmopolitan city, i.
. along the mil. -U. against
which the i -hips lie. close, load-
Ing and unloading.
••• • •
On board the Beljnc the Chinese Bailors
anda are scrubbing industrl
-■■ ■ .
vr<- for Australia. Rather superior look
. these, in their dark
Fhirts and trousers. We wal
them loading I I the reft
■ !gs and lambs and sides of '■< efi
with the giblet appurtenances, enough to
an army. Here's a Chinese boy,
who works steadily handing one butch
ered innocent after the other to his com
:. In the refrigi rator beyond. He
wears a peculiar woolen cap, turned up
helmetwise on the Bide, and his tntelli
■ watches < very move of
the men working with him, while he
up a steady clang of Chinese ex
hortation that orally testifies to the
business going on aboard.
Far back— l believe the water front re
rs call It "aft"— a group of about
twenty Chinese are huddled. They have
come over on the Beigic and have b. en
detained because of Uncle Sam's insistent
fussiness about certificates. If their cases
ere not decided by Saturday they will be
transferred to some other vessel.
"And who pays for their board in the
meantime," I asked the inspector, who
v.iis surrounded by a chattering crowd of
■!als.
"The Chinese themselves," he an
sw'-red. "More than that, they put up a
horid to pay their passage back should
they be refused admittance to this glo
rious land of ours."
Think of what it m«>ans to a Chinese
laborer to earn enough money to pay
his passage both ways from China here
and back; of what the contingent fund
must be to pay his expenses should he be
detained. Think of the voyage in the
Btern of the Belgic, where these men are
permitted to make a Chinatown for
themselves in one great room, where
they nlttiß hammocks and cook and eat.
And think, too, that all thin on the
chance only of their gaining admission
here.
Tin.' world's not so old after all when
the name i.f America stlH holds such
promise an to Induce men to sacrlfl
much, often merely to meet disappoint
ment.
The prettiest sight on board the Belgic
is Leo Toy Wan. You should see her as
she leans fr<>;:i the upper berth In a
stateroom, which she shares with two
other Chinese girls, one of whom, in a
green blouse and durk blue, wide trousers.
- a long pipe.
But Lee Toy Wan, with her soft, pale
face, her tiny brown hands, a purple silk
handkerchief knotted about her throat,
long, blue, enameled earrings depending
from her pretty ears. Is unlike these
others. She is very young, this Chinese
girl. There Is a babyish gracfousness in
her expression as she leans forward to
answer the inspector's questions. Her
voice is gentle and soft, and lacks that
strident ring that "Whan Choy Fa's Can
ton accents have.
Whan Choy Fa is a shrewish little
maiden; pretty too, but not with the in
nocent grace of Lee Toy Wan. \
Pa and r Chinese n!rl sat
tailor-wise in a lower berth of another
stateroom. In front, on the floor,
their embroidered shoes, one pair ot
which wa- upon a heel In tl •
middle of the sole, so that l&adean
Choy should be high and dry above the
■ cks or muddy streets— should she
be so fortunato as to be permitted to
land.
In olden days, before American expe
rience matched Oriental shrewdn-ss.
same guileless-iocking heels were
packed with opium, and every Celestial
belle walked down the gangplank with a
tiny dowry beneath her small, whlte
stoctdnged I
Whan Choy Fa was suspicious. In an
swer to the inspector's query she would
only repeat, in a nasal sing-song, with
much movement of jaws:
"Whan Choy Fa! Whan Choy Fa!"
Of that mucb , but this
n girl was not going to risk any
thing by further speech. AH her cau
tion was : • rter's note
book. She had been well drilled and she
' ' H In her ■ T.ik^
r little Celestial tiger cat she snatched
back, from the inspector's hand, the
piece of white lir.en she was embr
ing for a sock— part of ln-r trou
perhaps, for the first of her mv.' :
here.
Just now all Whan Choy Fa's desires,
all her hopes, {ill her wishes, tend .
direction— toward San Francisco's China
town. And ju. • ; Ity of
the thing— all l^->? Toy Wan craves is to
go back.
"Not land! Xot land!" she repeated
.'• childish voice in answer to the
tor's Question. "Go home. Go
bac k!"
♦ was the burden of her little Chl-
And could you have seen tho
pretty little thing, with her ingratiating,
child- her readiness to ts
. • ::dly, to wavegJier delicate little
k f:i <\m;a!>W? bridging of th..*
lingual distance that separated us, j
have longed for the p ■■-.-. i ! this
little girl luck to the Interior vt
China whence Bhe came.
• » » • •
Across on t 1 : ie of the dock
ley is laying in a cargo
of wine for the East. Barrels and barrels
ilting here to be put on
board, while on the other aide sniks upon
tral Americas coffee lie
■
r the calls of the men, the stamp
the hideous rattling
'.hug-chug of the donkey engine, the
m of the steam. You can put your
of the country's arteries
here p.nd fee! the strong, healthful, busy
beat of the commercial pulse.
%Ye walk along the front past the
schooner Bella of Florence. The air is
Groups of Laborers Smoked Contentedly Beneath Unobtrusive Signs.
sweet with the smell of the fresh lum
ber which la being taken from the flat
bottomed boat, All around the place is
strewn with the yellow planks. Th<
unloading for hours, and yet
sharp, short picks which
lift out one layer of planks only to lay
bare another covering. Bella of Florence
has been up north. Her nam*- signifies
nothing of her home or destination.
Here's the Crompton, a great square
rigged English ship. She has. brought
coke up from th? colonies. And opposite
lies the Progreso, a steam collier. Both
of them are unloading, and the place is
black with lumps of shining coal and
burned out porous coke and sifted black
dust for the blacksmith's forge.
Such a dirty Progressori One would al
most believe that the boat knew that
this is almost its last opportunity for be
ing good and dirty. The Prdgressor, like
other adventurers, has caught the Klon
dike fever. She intends to put off this
grimy black coat of hers, don respectable
garments, have her deck built up like the
Excelsior's, and, then ho, for the gold
fields! , Instead of coal, the Progressor
will carry fortune-hunters and gold. O,
the scorn this new passenger ship will
feel for its old companions in the colliery
business!
One gets- a wonderful picture by. looking
THE SAX FRANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
down from the upper deck far Into the
hold below. Down, down at the bottom
of this wooden shaft three men are work
ing shoveling the coal into the great Iron
baskets which swoop down empty from
the tall Iron cranes and go groaningly full
aloft, to be turned upside down and pent
flying: down again Into the bowels of the
■hip:
Look at these three. They wear high
boots, trousers and brown flannel smocks,
with gre.at arm-holes and deep-cut necks.
Their face* are bo black and grimy you'd
hardly take them for white men, and the
great muscles of their bare arms and
their powerful shoulders are becoming
coated more and more thickly with the
stifling black dust. They look like poor,
ineffectual pigmies laboring down there
to reduce that mighty black mountain of
coal.
"What are they paid?" I asked the gen
ius of the water I
"Twenty cents an hours," he replies.
Ugh! It makes one think of Daudet's
"Jack." And yet these men have air and
light— such as It Is.
The two words heard oftenest on the
water front the day T spent there were
Klondike and Alarm
Every boat th.it wasn't bound for the
Klondike must have been sorrowful and
envious, so completely was It out of the
swim. Hero's one ship after the other
fitted up for northern trade. And
the reason of these early large shipments
of coal and lumber is also told in the
word Klondike; for the dealers In the
north know that if they do not send down
their cargoes before the spring rush to
the great Alaskan prold mines begins,
there will be no ships at their disposal.
\s to the Alameda, everybody on the
water front was Inquiring about her. from
Marshal Baldwin, waiting on Meiprgs
wharf for the Australian criminal who
never came, to the crowd of relatives and
fri^rds strain!! yes and their
tempers, while they waited.
* • • • •
Further tip n round Telegraph Hill way
the North Bend Is being repaired. Her
captain thought ho didn't need any one
to bring him into port, and the North
Bend smashed upon Point Diablo, and
The crn^l rorks, they gored her sides.
Like the herns of an angry bull.
Look at the keel torn away, the grea*
timbered sides ground and splintered and
softened until the bruised patches on the
poor ship's hull look like pieces of rotten
rope. When you stand on the dry dock
and look op to this majestic vessel, you'll
realize the power of wind and waves and
sunken rocks. Fancy a great bulk like
this hurled against Diablo and ground
and ground upon the rocks! There's
romance in the sea, but there's danger
and death there, too.
Put the North Bend, cradled on the dry
dock, with the merry tap of the ham
mers sounding against her sides, with the
old calkljig pried out and I
filled anew with oakum, has already for
■ Point I'iablo. If the old ship
dreams, n? she lies there, it is of oih.-r
trips, to the north and Klondike, again.
• • • • •
- Henry P.. Hyde, the largest
American ship in the bay Just now. And
there's La Madeleine from Peru, the only
ntatlre in this marhv
-,vn below the pier's edge lies
the poor little Katie S., a drudge of boats,
humble. Insignificant toller she, laden
with iron. Phe looks humiliated and
abashed and ill-at-ease there among the
i_- w irld.
The ■'.. whose red-sweatered
mate- is overseeing the l< ndiri? of pr
- and sand to be used for mortar.
Is bound up the const. So is the SCOW
bus out there en the br.y, lying
stli! and motionless, waiting f
to turn, laden with bricks which make a
■ '-'lor against •he •
white water, the white cold skies and
the long. Film black lines of the masts.
Her crew la below eating lunch and the
only living thing above is a great, gen
ial Newfoundland dog, who waves bis
great tail In amiable salutation as we
go by on a little launch.
We pass a host of saucy little tugs, and
the great authority on this floating cos
mopolitan city explains to me the signifi
cance of red stacks and black stacks and
yellow stacks.
There's the Othmarschen from Hamburg
and further on the condemned Kuroka,
shamefacedly nosing- Into the shore, 7T.-r<«
come the English ships; or rather theyap-
poar to come. It Is we who go by on
tho launch. Fine ships, these English
ones, big and shapely and well-named.
There's the Marlborough Hill from Liver
pool and the Primrose Hill and the
Roderick Dhu, which possesses the most
picturesque figure-head In all the harbor.
We sail scornfully by the ferry slips.
What romance attaches to a trip across
the bay, or even to the river steamers
that go as far as Stockton? They're too
petty, too near. They lose woefully in
comparison with the associations that
crowd upon these, traveled, haughty dis
tant relatives of theirs. "
On either side of Melpps wharf hang
fishing lines, left to thems.lws to see
what they, unaided, can do in beguiling
the wily smelt. Here's where the boya
go crabbing, and their baskets are con
tinually being hauled up and let down
with a splash again.
over there to tho northeast He threo
pmall schooners. The one at the end is
the Central Pacific. Now, although the
name Is imposing, this poor, declasse boat
i by those who go down
to tl..- sea. in ships without a guffaw. It
I that the Central Pacific is
sessed by «n old preacher, who in turn is
possessed with the desire to save water
front souls — sadly in need of saving, no
doubt. All about the bay, the good old
fellow goes preaching to those who will
llpten. Ho get* up as far as Stockton.
I believe, always preaching the word and
praying for the wicked ones. Be It under
stood that it Is not the piety of the
her which provokes laughter, but
hIR original methods of Bail construction.
At n r ;y into, he offends against a.l rules
Of cunvHfl-hoisting. and the hugest Joke
on the front Is to try to classify this
meek little Central Pacific, according to
the changes her erratic owner makes In
her appearance.
••• • •
W> walked down from Melggs wharf
along tho sea wall, through the grain
sheds. Th« Wp.Ha Walla had come down
the night before from the north and the
sheds wore piled with pale gray-brown
sacks of wheat, darker tan sacks of beans
and white sacks of the Oregon flour that
excels ours, so they say.
The Kilmory was filling her hold with
the Walla Walla's grain. The Kilmory
comes frae Glasgo 1 . She belongs to a
t'.rm that christens all Its ships Kil
something or other. The Kllbrannan is
the Kllmory's own sister.
"Where -re you going?" I asked the
Scotch mate.
He leaned over the side, a soft cap
pulled over his tawny brows, a short
In bis mouth.
"truth Africa," he said, with just the
agreeable shade of a burr.
"Al d then?"
"The colonies, perhaps. Or back here,
who know?? Anywhere but home."
\\c climbed up the Kilmory's brightly
painted side, and the Kllmory's home-
The 0!d Fisherman Sat Mending His
Tnple Net.
stok mate. Who has made no friends In
"Frisco" and doesn't like th» place, told
us (as w<> watched the grain being put in
the hoMY I ■ pack frozen m^at In
the Australian arid New Zealand ships.
"Ev'rry earreass of them tied In a cal
ico sheet and coverred with frrost. On'
it might be a hot day, on' on deck you'd
be sweltering, while down there"— he
pointed to the hold— "ye'd see the men
clapping their arms aboot, trrying to get
warrni."
• • • •
On down toward town again, through
the grain sheds, untenantcd save for the
myriads of sparrows, ■ho keep up a
ceaseless twittering In the dark rafters;
a paean of praise, doubtless, to God for
a grr- harvest, r\r.d to man for gather-
Ing the wheat and providentially ripping
up a bap or two. Past groups of labor
ers now, contentedly smoking their aft
er-lunch clay pipes, beneath unobtrusive
prohibitive signs.
• • • • •
Ti-r-'s Flsherman'i wharf. You'd know
it before you saw it, for your senso of
would forewarn you. But it's
worth peeing— the most picturesque sight
I the hay.
All the Jaunty fishinc: pmaoks are lying
bobbing upon the wave* In the rectangu
lar apace Inclosed by the pier. Their
sails are 1 furled, hut tho diagonal lines of
tall, slanted masts show clear
against the sky. which is blue, now that
the sun is higher.
This red-shirted. blriok-mustached f>l
low baa a whole boatload of shad and
iirht up in the Sacramen
to. Be and tho sunburned boy who helps
him. load basket after basket full of the
fish, their pills red -with blood; and the
merchant in v' I above on the
wharf hauls up the catch. The other
are covered thicK with silver her
ring. There are flounders, too, and up
on the wharf great sacks full of
drowned and smothered mudhens.
Wntch young Italia. He's Interesting.
A baby about 4 years old, with a warm
tinted face and drirk eyes nnd clothes
his mother made, of course. What tailor
could turn out Irousei ■ such as these,
guaranteed to b<« of the snme width top
and bottom? The little fellow slings a
birds over his stout round nrm.
and marches off to do his share toward
supplying Sun Franrlpco's housewives
with r, wretched looking, un
tried birds.
Two others or his kind, a few years
older are rolling hoops in the market
where no one expose* his wares,
Incidentally. These two are smoking- ci
garettes. Thoy wear upon their heads
crocheted red caps like their fathers'.
One has rubber boots and the other
:1 '-"■ he < in bandy keep upon his
feet. Their clothes are beyond descrip
tion and yet with an absurd resemblance
to those the fishermen outside wear.
Up on the long aide of the rectangle the
red-brown nets lie drying in the Fun.
Look at this old follow, who sits mending
his triple net. lie wears a great sealskin
cap like a Russian's kaftan, but with
an absurd filnglf. mangy fur tassel hang
ing down In front. li!s rubber boots
reach nearly to the thigh. What trousers
one may ?<>f> am of the latest rough ma
terial milady wi .us, green, tttfted. Where
outside of a dry-goods store did he get
" Ills shirt is of bluish green and
his cont Is dark blue. He has a mustache
enough for Tartarln and a smile as
gentle as a child's. He weaves his bone
Shuttle in and out, using the toe of his
great boot to hold the net taut.
Hero is a swarthy-farod artist pains
takingly painting a slender line of dark
blue, on Ills loved Savoia. There is a
Tarn o' Shantered Slavonian painting the
bottom of the Heformo the most shriek
ing of scarlets, while above there Is blue
and white. There Is the Garibaldi lying
keel up In the sin. Here are the Rosetta,
the Lucia and all the rest of the pretty
Itnlinn names.
This is really loungers' Wharf. It's a
place to lie and dream, and. if others in
sist upon working, why. to watch them
work. The men lie outstretched against
the sides of their boats, their pipes be
tween their teeth, their eyes narrowed
partly through sheer physical comfort,
partly by way of tribute to the glancing,
Ehining waters of the bay.
Look In this door and see what a beau
tiful effect the sun produces, shining In
black bars through the deep blue smoke.
You can barely see the faces of the men
beyond. They are tanning their nets
with oak bark, and the great caldror.s
beneath which the fires crackle are sim
mering and scenting the air.
••• • •
"The Alameda! The Alameda!"
A tug goes whUzlng by, men turn their
steps toward the dock, the loungers leave
the fishermen and the smotherers— they
can't be rnlled hunters -to haggle over
the fi»h and tho bird*.
But to the naked ere the Alamerta 1b
not yet visible.
Carts upon carts block the way. These
are unloading roal from the Vanoourer
and the Toscmittu The GHpsy has
hroueht down potatoes. On the Mauna
Ala the pumps ar<» at work, three men on
each siil«. thHr muscular, aotlvfl figures
bending now thin way. now that, while
th<* water pours out from the ship's p!<l<\
Here's the 8. K. Castle, h°r decks redo
lent with tobacco she Is taking down to
the Sandwich Islands. There are bales
of hay, too, and dissected earrings.
Down in her hold the grain bags go spin
ning. They are marked "ITana." And at
sight of that word the whole busy water
front vanishes and the eye of one's mind
sees that beautiful bay. the high moun
tain of the dead Hawaiian kings, the
great cane plantation, and the tall Dane,
the manager, whoso hospitality was truly
Hawaiian.
••• • •
The Alameda sailed In serene and
splendid. Her entrance -was like a stage
entrance that has been fittingly led up to.
For just nn hour In the history of Ban
Frnncisco's shipping she was to be lead- i
ing lady. On she came stars and stripes i
and pennant flying, gray-bearded cap- !
tain and pilot aloft, passengers on deck
and an Interested crowd on shore.
And just at the critical moment a
■tupld :'at-br>ttnmed scow swung
her broad n«se np.iinst the ocean steam
er's side, and the glory of that striking
entrance was forever marred. The Ala
meda had to stop and wait while the
fussy little tup. the Governor M.irkham,
blushing cardinal red with vexation,
and stage fright threw a mpe to the
scow and tugged and pulled and towed
her out of the way. Then the Alameda
really docked.
The saloon passengers are as unlnterest
nig as saloon passengers usually are.
Rut over on the steerage side were five
men bound for— Klondike, of course.
Come clear from Australia and New Zea
land to go to the new gold mines. One
of them, a Cornishman. with a short,
black-gray beard, a stout, sturdy fellow,
whose brown coat was too short in the
sleeves. Another, a Cockney, blonde,
facetious, with a pipe between his teeth
and a laughing word on his lips.
"What the deuce do they want? Do
you know?" drawled one.
"T f bow through y'r loggage, (Jon't you
know," replied his companion.
But Tnole Sam only wanted to asmm
himself that none of th^? p foreigners was
coming io America without the prescribed
|l ' Wneo the commissioner called out,
"American citizens first!" Jock turned
laughingly to his companion, and said:
"Try it. me boy; keep your tongue
closed. They'll think you a Yankee?"
}?ut the Ftoor.ipe waited patiently, sub
mitting, as is the w»nt of steerage, to
rules and regulations the saloon escapes.
D the Alameda Is deserted. A news
paper correspondent who has been half
way around the -world and back again,
a Honolulu merchant and an adven
turous doctor of medicine, tall, lanky,
spectacled, wearing go!f stockinsrs and ab
surd low shoe?, knee trousers and canvas
coat. This man soueht the Adamless
Eden and, like other enthusiasts, !>
rontent with little— th" profit on a
rifle and a small copra plantation in
Fiji.
They all leave, and ,ne Alameda be
rnnu-s one of many— a has-been and a
to-be of ships, like all the other waiting
vessels. Before her passengers ar
leased from the customs officers, the bales
of wool are being wheeled out from her
hold. The English sovereigns are on their
way Dp tn the mint, where they will be
rnme. more than three-quarters of a mil
lion of American dollars. The ski:
- from Australia, the tin, the New
Zealand flax, and the copra from Apia,
arp all being hauled out from their hid
ing place, ami pQed on the dock.
And soon the show Is over. The ship
lies quietly bobbins: at the dock, as she
will lie ruminating and resting fur the
short interval that elapses between runa.
• • • • •
<"^r.e comes blinking back into the world
r.s though he had been away from Pan
Francisco the actual time it would take
to go about and see all these foreign
people and things; to have been In China
with Lee Toy Wan; In Glasgow with the
Kllmory's mate; in Hawaii with the
cook's boy on the S. N*. Castle; to have
been where those great shining lumps of
clean coal and shalo come from; to go
with this immense quantity of c
goods and condensed milk and bread
stuffs to the Orient.- where they are pre
paring for war— in short to have been
everywhere and to have tasted life in all
Its varied aspects.
The town looks commonplace. The peo
ple who sit opposite you In the street
cars are' ordinary, Insignificant. Down
along the water's edge another day of
romance is preparing. Here in the town,
thn monotonous, old round Is to be gone
over again. Down there men have char
acter and individuality. Here they are
patterned all on one model. On the
water's edge there 1? color and there are
picturesque differences. In town, man's
highest ambition, sartorlally, at least, is
to look as nnich like his neighbor as his
personal peculiarities and his tailor will
permit. MM MAM MICHELBON.
PERPLEXITY OVER
THE CITY'S DEAD
The Closing of the Cemetery
Brings About Its Dis
advantages.
The Chinese Will Purchase a Tract
of Land In San Mateo County for
a Temporary Resting-Placo.
Notwithstanding the loner notice given
by the Supervisors that the City Cexne
would be closed for all interments
on and after the tirst of the present rear,
nothing has been dona by those societies
and the undertakers having the responsi
bility of providing a final resting place
for the indigent dead. The same condi
tion of affairs has existed with the Chi
nese. They, as well as the other?, per
mitted tiSM to slip by without making
any provisions for the future, until th<>y
found themselves in the rapacity of beg
gars, so to speak, asking f.>r an exten
sion of time, which the Supervisors gra
ciously granted them.
The time now being extended to the
first of April, steps will be taken by the
Chinese to procure a tract of fifteen acre*
in San Mateo County for a temporary
resting place for their dead.
Within a few days a meeting of the
six Chinese companies will be held and
a lawyer will be deputed to proceed to
San Mateo and make the necessary ar
rangements with the County Board of
Supervisors for the privilege of locating
a cemetery in that county. This step has
been decided on by the Chinese who are
fully cognizant of the popular prejudice
evinced against them as a race. Of this
prejudice they have had experience in the
]>;ist. as the superintendent of the City
Cemetery, while admitting all other
corpses to a grave in the city's burying
ground at $1. has charged the Chinese
?L> El, and the undertaker who has the
contract for the burying of the city's in
digent dead had a wholesale contract at
$3u a month, irrespective of the number
of interments. A similar figure has been
charged the Chinese for exhuming the
bodies of their dead. This the Mongolians
characterize as discrimination against
their race even unto death, and resur
rection. To avoid this it is proposed to
own a cemetery of theft" own where they '
■will not- be subject to this discrimination
ami extra charge. v:
The number of deaths and exhumations
average fifty every month of the Chinese,
which, to -the superlntendpnt, la quite an i
Item, together with his other perquisites,
all of which will be lost to the favored
politician who pot this job as a reward ;
for services rendered to the political boss.
The condition of the Western Addition
Undertakers who fipured ho low on the ■
contract as to bury all the indigent dead
at M each Is rot so favorablo from a
financial point of view, as no conditions
were made with the city about a place |
for the Interments: this was their lookout ]
when they made their bid. They pave a
bond of $COOO for the faithful performance
of their contract and they must live up '
to it. It is their duty to rind a place for :
the city's dead irrespective of price.
The other societies having the privilege
of the City Cemetery will be likewise
compelled to find interment ground on
and after the first of next April, as the !
Supervisors are determined to grant no
further extensions.
THE RUSH HAS BEGUN.
No Spare Birtbs or) steamers
Bound for the Yukon.
The move of Alaska prospectors to the
north has already set In. Not only do the
merchants of the city report that they
are feeling substantial benefits from the
purchase of outfits and supplies for the
Alaska trip, but the transportation corn
ponies are already forced to admit that
carrying capacity of freight and
passengers i- c being taxed to the utmost,
t the problem That confronts them
next summer becomes more and more
IS. The "Walla Walla will sail this
morning, with every berth taken, and
nearly all of her passengers are bound
for Dyea and Skaguay. At least one
half of this number have been frequent
visitors at the Alaska Trade Bureau and
have made a close study of the facts and
Object lessons which were presented to
them at the ferry building. It Is report
it the Pacific Coast Steamship
Company has enpntred a large part of its
accommrvd.itions fur some time ahead
and i« daily receiving requests by tele
graph to hold berths. The Pacific Steam
ng Company's vessel Excelsior will
sail on Monday for Dyea, Skaguay and
Orca, Tt Is reported that she had offers
for more freight and passengers than
her capacity allowed.
Inquiries by mall were more numerous
yesterday than on any other day. As
an indication of the amount of mail
which the Alaska Trade Committee Is
sending: out every day it is Interesting- to
note that its bill for postago stamps
alone averages Jfi a day. "Word was re
ceived from a man who has been travel
ing through Arizona for the last few
weeks who says that parties of miners
are being organized in nearly every camp
In the Territory, and for the most part
prospective Klondikers will leave early
for th« north, so as to take advantage of
the trail over the ice which has been
broken by the miners who are cominsr
out to the coast. Other requests by mail
ar.d personal applications for specit'.c in
formation and general literature is re
ceived dally from almost every Ptate In
the Union, and shows n steady increase
from week to week. The record of the
bureau shows that the inquiries from
outside the city are assuming a relative
ly greater Importance as contrasted with
the local demand.
Civil Service Examination.
On January 29 a civil service examina
tion for the position of stenographer In
the office of the Collector of Internal
Revenue will be held in the same office.
Applications must be on file before the
close of business on January 21.
NEW TO-DAY.
GRATIFYINGJRESULTS.
INTERESTING EXPERIMENTS WITH THE
NEW STOMACH REMEDY.
Not a Patent Medicine, but a Safe Cure
for All Forms of Indigestion.
The results of. recent investigation
have established b«yond question the
great value cf the new preparation for
indigestion ami stomach troubles: it is
composed of the digestive acids, pepsin,
bismuth, Golden Seal and similar stom-
achics, prepared in th^ form of 20-gram
lozenges, pleasant to the taste, conven-
to carry when traveling, harmless
to the most delicate stomact) and prob-
ably th" safest, most effectual cur" yet
discovered for indigestion, sour stom-
ach, loss of appetite and flesh, nausea,
sk-k headaches, palpitation of the* heart
and the many symptoms arising from
imperfect digestion of food. They cure
because they cause the fond to be
promptly and thoroughly digested be-
fore it has time to sour, ferment antf
poison the blood and nervous system.
:• six thousand people in the State
of Michigan alone in 1894 were cured of
stomach troubles by Stuart's Dyspep-
sia Tablets.
Full sized packages may be found at
all druggists at 50c, or sent by mall on
r-veipt of price from Stuart Co., Mar-
Bhall, Mich. Send for free book on
stomach diseases.
f POSITIVELY
I LAST WEEK.
1 BEFORE" NEXT ' SATURDAY |
$ We shall entirely clear out all §
I CARPET REMNANTS
j At These Extraordinary Prices. |
I Tapestry - - 38c per Yard \
| Moquette - ■ 53c per Yard I
$ Body Brnssels, 59c per Yard \
i Wilton Velvets, 60c per Yard j
I Axminster - 60c per Yard j
I THIS SALE ENDS 6P. M. SATURDAY. j
I LOOK IN OUR WINDOWS. f
I A. MACKAY & SON, j
i Furniture, Carpets, Upholstery, !
l i 715 MARKET ST. \
up vi ■an mill m if" wmjii.i^ ■„, ,__■ n imi *
Jot ol^toto®!^
El>Tr3 CREAM BAT.M is a positive euro.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 50
cents at Drn?e!*t» or by mail ; samples 10c by malL
ELY BKOT.'I 66 Wr.rrrn St., New York City.
IDC ACCESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
fi.lSl.lMir ln * titml - v - f " lr »NVISIBLETL'UECu«Uiom
t " BJ * ■■ help when nil else Alls, as glasaen help eyes.
B<'ir-ailJti»tinar. No Pain. Whispers heard, -endtoCOCC
I. llitcvxtw.. 60S B'ihj, S.V., tor Book anil l"roo£s net
NEW TO-DAY.
H /Q ENTERPRISE H /Q
I.IU HEATER I,IU
n °
(I) t^SSnS^r *^
I
Gives more heat for amount of oil con-
sumed than any other heater.
"MONEY BACK" IF a t tory. 1s *
Myers Heater -- $2.49.
Largest Variety Heaters In the City.
EVEET KIND AT CUT PRICES.
HEATERS FROM 990 AND UPWARD.
pnmiTAHQ 813 MARKET ST.
UUI FLll Of BAN FRANCISCO
Catalogues Free.
AT AUCTION
—BY—
SHAINWALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
: Salesroom— and 120 Montgomery street.
Mills Building.
PROBATE SALE
TUESDAY,
Tuesday January 23, 1898,
At 12 O'clock, Noon.
By order of Public Administra-
tor A. C. FREESE, Esq.
REFEREE PARTITION SALE.
W. L. Harper, Referee.
Nos. 21S to 220 Ritch street, wi>rt line, 200
I feet south of Bryant street; 10 flats; rents $33;
lot 60x73 feet. .
ESTATE OF ELLEN SLOAN.
Broadway Corner.
P. E. corner Jones and Broadway; lot 41
feet, with two frame tenements; grand mas
view; flats on this property would pay well,
ESTATE OF DANEL ERISCOLL.
Mission and Thirtieth Sis., Extension
Lot.
"West line Clinton avenue.' 300 feet south of
Berkshire street; lot 25x100; close to San Mateo
• electric line.
ESTATE OF E. S. MATHEWS.
Precita Valley Lot.
South line Prospect place. 230:9 feet west of
i Columbia place; lot 30x150 feet to Mary street.
ESTATE OF TIMOTHY I. GIBLIN, Decease!
B. K. corner Clay anrl Leavenworth streets;
', lots 35:6x100 feet: No. 1"22 Leavenworth street. 1
NOB. 1329-1331 Clay street; covered with sub-
stantial t'.iree-story buildings, two stores and
five flats: solid foundation; excavated base-
ment; total rents, $!"• 50.
ESTATE OF MARTIN DOUBHERTY.
Ripley Place Dwelling.
North line Ripley place, 225 feet east of Fol-
«om street: lot 50x100 feet, with two-story
house of 4 rooms. n
ESTATE OF BRIDGET HEM
People's Homestead.
Lot No. 9. block No. 11. Silver avenue, near
Railroad avenue: lot 25*75 feet.
ESTATE OFITc. BOMEY.
Southside Lot.
East line Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 feet
south of "J" street; lot 150x120 feet: six lots
Outside Land Block No. 742; good chance for a
< speculation.
ESTATE OF JOHN S. LITTLE.
Sutter-St. Building Lot.
North line Sutter street. 137:6 feet W. of Scott
street: lot 30:6 2-3x164:1 feet; street work done
■ and accepted: Sutter street cars pass; grand lot
I for tUt) or residence.
ESTATE OF JOHN TRAPP.
Twenty-fourth Street Residence.
No. 2771 Twenty-fourth street, 3. line. 40 feet
east of York street: two-story bay-window
i house of 8 rooms and bath; street paved and
accepted; Howard street cars pass the door;
lot 40x100 feet.
ESTATE OF ELIZABETH KELLY.
Mission Cottages.
Nos. 66 and 68 Merrltt street, N. line. 38.37
feet E. of Rose street; lot 60.76x65.24 and 70
i feet- 2 cottages. 3 rooms each: rents 512; street
! macadam; close to Eighteenth street electric
line.
SPEAR-STREET WATER LOT.
Lot N. E. line Spear street. 188:4 feet N. W.
from Folsom street; 1 block from water front;
splendid lot to Improve; would pay good In-
come.
ESTATE OF MARY LARKIN FLIP.
:-£;-'. v ! Valencia-St. Investment.
Nos. E2l and 521*4 Valencia street, east line,
i 315 feet north of Seventeenth street: lot 82x70
j feet; store end two flats of 5 rooms each; rent*
, |50; street paved and accepted.
ESTATE OF AMANDA DALLAS."
Polk-St. Income Property.
Nos. 21.92 1 .9- #> 19U-219 V£ - Polk street, west Un?. 41
I feet south of Fulton street: lot 24x52!4 feet:
i three flats of 6 rooms and bath each: rents ISO;
j this property has a great future: close to Mar-
I ket street and the New City Hall.
ESTATE OF LUCILLE HELEN WIELAND.
Elegant Residence Property.
' Northeast comer California and Webster
! streets: lot 40x132:6 feet, also lot adjoining,
! north line California street. 30x132:6 feet; street
: work all done and accepted by the city.
ESTATE OF MARY S. BRYARLY.
Perry St. Income Property. - . •
No. 218 Perry street, between Fourth, an.l
! Fifth streets, Harrison and Bryant; good two-
story house of V rooms; rents $15; lot 25x80
feet.
ESTATE OF OWEN CLEMENTS.
Richmond Lot.
Fast line Eighth avenue. 73 feet south of Cle<-
i ment street: lot 25x120 feet; street sewered and
! macadamized; on line Park branch Sutro elec-
tric road. - • . ■•.
City Land Association.
Lots 27. *£ 29 and 30 on Ford street, block
i No. 11; each lot 25x100 feet; close to Ingleslde
* City Land Association.
Lot 27. block No. 4, Montieello street; lot 25
* | xIQO feet; close to Ingleside track.
People's Homestead.
! Lots 14. 15. 16 and 34, block No. 9. on Sweeney
| . and Hale streets; each lot 25x75 feet.
1 People** Homestead. . ;
i i Lot 26, block No. 4, Gaven street, near Kins;
', 1 lot 25x7i feet.
910
SATSUMA MADE
A GREAT RUN
Defeated Colonel Wheeler
for the McLaughlin
Selling Stake.
Clayton's Stirrups Broke and
Caspar Easily Downed
Rubicon.
Gray's Poor Ride Astride Buck Masste
Gavo the Owners' Handicap
to May W.
The inclemency of the weather did
not keep people away from the races
yesterday. The card was a gilt-edged
one. and almost as many turf patrons
Journeyed over the bay to Oakland
track as have been seen there under |
more propitious circumstances. An
owners' handicap and two stake events j
were the special attractions. Dr. Row
ell's more than useful chestnut horse.
Satsuma, took the McLaughlin selling
stake in very fast time, and Caspar, the j
fast son of St. Andrew, defeated Kubi- ;
con for the Reliance Club Handicap.;
A broken stirrup possibly contributed I
to the latter's downfall. The owners' j
handicap wont to the fast Montana
mare. May W, with the Eastern crack, j
Buck Massie. at her heels. Three fa- !
vorites reached the wire in front.
Of the six starters for the McLaugh
lin selling stake, at one mile and a six
teenth, Colonel Wheeler, with 104
pounds, and Thorpe in the saddle, was
considered the most eligible, and was
a consistent 3-to-2 choice throughout j
the betting. Just before post time
there was a stiff play on Satsuma,
against which throes were obtainable.
Garland Barr. King William. Tom
Cromwell and Buckwa were considered
outclassed in the going. Oarland Barr j
undoubtedly worked the defeat of the
favorite. Chasing out in front with
him he had the Colonel a trit'.e groggy
something over a furlong from the
wire. Jones then made his ride with
Satsuma, and Conley. astride Garland
Barr, very condescendingly let him r-x
tricate himself from the pocket he was'
in. and. although Thorpe made a dcs- j
perate effort to hold the lead, was beat
en somewhat handily by a npck. in the j
f.ipt time of 1:48%. The value of the:
stake to th>- winner was 1950.
It was a very slim fiVM that went to :
the post in the Reliance Club Handi- i
cap. over seven furlongs, worth $700 to
the first horse. Rubicon was asked to j
pick up 1-4 pounds, and everybody was ,
congratulating Tommy Griffin on hit- j
ting up with such soft company. The
big chestnut horse, with Lonny Clay
ton in the saddle, was backed down 6 to !
R to 4 to r>. Caspar and Colonel Dan,
the Burrs <ft Waterhouse pair, receded !
in the hettinpr from 3 to 5 to evens. It
was a two-horse race to the head of the
stretch, Caspar and Rubicon running;
head and head. Turning the her.d for j
home, Rubicon made a very wide turn, j
loßir.s: several lentrths, and, hugging the
rail, Caspar won as he pleased. Col. |
Dan even came along, beating the fa
vorite for the place.
The cause of the first choice's miser
able ending was quickly made appar- !
ent. At the h<=>ad of the stretch nnc of
Clayton's stirrups hroke. and as h<> was
pulling up the other one served him
likewise.
J. X. Murphy's Buck Massie opened
an 8 to 5 favorite for the owners' hand
icap with his 88 pounds up. but the
supply was more than adequate to the
demand and 11 to 5 was procurable
later on. Th« big play was mad» on
May W, forcing her odds down from
threes to 9 to n. The Montana mare
took a commanding load at the first
turn and though Buck was coming fast
at the end, ho was beaten a scant
length. Double Quick ran w«=ll to the
etreteh, where he tired badly.
The 2 to 1 favorite, Colonial Dame. In i
the opening five and a half furlong ;
scramble was pounds the best of the
eleven starters, and though O'Connor
could not assist her much, she came on i
In the stretch and led out El Morn and |
Elldad at the wire. The former made '
most of the running and appears to |
fancy the heavy going. La Maroma '
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track — Slxtv-slxth day
of the Winter Meeting. Saturday. January 15. 1898. Weather
rainy. Track very muddy.
0.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; three- year-olds; purse. PMl
Torses.
:. !:
no.
417 Colonial Dame 107' <!
417 Kl Moro 112! 4
2S2 Klirin<1 1121 l
(429) I>a Maroma 107! S
... Chihuahua 10?! 7
399 Prince Tyrant 1121 5
... Scintillate K'7'io
379 Oui»en HIazes 167 1
417 Miss Alice 107! 9
307 Toto 107!ll
431 Dr. Bernaya 991 2
7 h
1 1
2 14
I 1
F. 14
I '1
S 1
9 2
4 h
10 1
11
5 2
1 2
2 h
3 4
7 4
4 Vi
5 14
9 2
6 I
10 4
11
1 h 'O'Connor .... 3
2 4 iMorse 6
5 ? |rv>nley 4
4 2 iHennessy .... I 3
6 2 Thorpe 3
6 1 C. Sloan 10
7 h <;ray 8
8 4 Spencer 12
9 2 McNIchols ... 10
10 2 .McDonald ... 15
11 I.T. Woods .... 30
2
12
8
9-2
C
6
20
20
20
15
60
Time, 1:10.
ing.
Winner, D. Gideon's b. f. by Faverdale-Stately. Good ■tart
Won drlv-
441.
SECOND RA' K -Six furlongs; selling; three-year-olds; purse. JVC.
..i
%m.
384 Good Friend 105 2
(410) Sorrow 105 1
413 Catawba 107 j
(417) Al Koran 110 4
417 Lee Kylo 1071 6
411 Castake 1051 5
429 Ballister lor, 8
424 Tenrlca 108! 7
1 4 .
2 m
6 1
4 7
7 h
8 '4 ■
«254
8 :
1 2
3 1%
6 8
4 8%
7 1
2 4
« 4
8
12*
8 1%
5 S
4 2
6 24
2 h
8
7%
1 n jConley
2 2 Thorpe
5 n IMcNichols ...
4 8 ISpencer
6 2 I McDonald ...
6 20 ! Stevens
7 114 'O'Connor
s H. Brown ...
4 9-2
4-5 9-10
7 6
10 7
60 30
20 20
30 60
40 60
1
Time. 1:16. Winner. J. Whltten's
•. f. by Eolus-Ruth.
Good start.
Won driving.
442.
THIRD RACE— One mile; owners' handicap; three-year-olds and upward; purse,
'oraefl.
.m.
(419) May W. 4 H ?,
168 Buck MaRBie. 6 88i 1
418 Double Quirk, 6.... t " 2
421 Sir Dilkp. E S-; 1 4
41s Pajil Qrlggs. 4 . .
1 3
2 2
.3 34
4 h
5
1 24
3 8
2 h
6
4 4
1 34
3 10
2 n
5
4 14
1 34
2 n
3 12
I
4 n
1 1
2 15
a 10
4 6
6
J. Woods ....
Gray
' O'Connor ....
Downs
Holmea
3 2
8-5 11-5
2 13-5
10 v.,
12 15
;ne. 1:42. 1
Inner, i>.
start.
all out.
A.A*\ FOURTH RACE— One and a sixteenth
T"t"O» Stakes; purse. $1250.
• Index. Hordes. Weight. St. V*xa.. Vita. %r
miles;
m. Str
all
r.
ages;
Fin. I
Mclaughlin
Jockeys. JC
Selling
Op. CI.
414 Satsuma. « Ill] 3
(414> Colonel Wheeler, 4.104! 4
(42K) Garland Barr. 5 V<3 2
432 King William. 6.... 103 1
3M Tom Cromwell, t>...V v .i i
<p>7) Burkwa. a !■.. g
8 8
1 h
2 4
4 2
6
8 24
1 h
2 14
4 8
6
5 h
3 24
2 I
1 h
. 4 (5
6 6%
6
s 24
2 2
1 h
4 (
I 3
6
In IK. Jones
2 4 Thorpe
3 15 IConley
4 25 IH. Brown ...
6 3 C. Sloan
8^ IClayton
S 8
3-1! 8-2
10 8
20 60
8 25
Time, 1:48%. Winrvr, Dr. H. E. Rowell's ch. h. by MacDuff- Albertha. Fair start. Won
AA± fifth
ages; the Reliance Club Handicap; purse.
... CasparT 4 110! 1
425 Colonel Dan. 3 K 3
f418) Rubicon, a 1*4 2
428 Paso Tempo. S N 4
1 tt
3 1%
2 4
4
35*
3 5
i h ;
i
2 8
3 8
1 ns
4
1 h
3 10
2 7
4
1 2 Thorpe
2 1 Woods
3 100 Clayton
4 [McKlchols ...
8-5 1
• •
«-B 4-5
20 100
• Coupled with Caspar.
Tim£ 1:29. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse-s b. h. by Imp. 6t. Andrew-Culslne. Good
44J» SIXTH RAi'E-One and a sixteenth miles; BeuingTlhTe^year-oTds and upward-
; Belling;
420 O»rlc II. 4 106) 3
430 Song and Dance, a.l'T6' 6
<391) Yankee Doodle, 5..109| 2
366 Elano, 6 ps 5
433 t*na Colorado, a 98i 1
388 MlB3 Ruth. 8 861 4
1 n
6 iib
2%
6
4 4
3 2%
11
5 1
2 2
4 h
3 h
6
1 1
2 ns
4 4
»*:
6 2
6
1 2
3 1%
4 1%
2 h
5 2
I
1 S
2 2
3 4
4 S
6 n
6
9
?r ,
3 2
5 5
2 3
10 8
3 4
30 20
hols'!.'!!
1:61. Winner. Burns tt Waterhouse's *>- h by B«n All-Shasta. Good star*
Wan
finished a good fourth.
Tom Ryan cut one loose in the slx
| furlong sprint. He started the Eolus
! filly. Good Friend, and with 9 to 2 about
i her In the betting led throughout, beat
i Ing the 9 to 10 favorite. Sorrow. haJf
! a length. The weakly ridden Al Ko-
I ran was headed out the last Jump for
I the show by Catawba. The latter, in
terfered with at the start, ran a spank
ing good race.
The final mile and a sixteenth run
decided under selling conditions, was
:an easy thing for Osrlc 11, backed
; down from threes to 2 to 1 favoritism.
He was In front from the first jump
and headed Song and Dance past the
judges by eight lengths. Yankee Doo
dle, a contender most of the route, fln-
I ished in the show.
IN RICHMOND DISTRICT.
The Improvement Club Elects
Officers and Passes Reso
lutions.
The Richmond District Improvement
Association elected the following officers
at Its meeting Wednesday evening, Jan
uary 12: President. Charles 11. Hubbs (re
elected), for one year: vice presidents,
S. I*. Dnrbee. E. P. E. Troy. Charles Su
tro: secretary, J. G. Maloney (re-elected
eighth consecutive term); treasurer. E.
If. Van Frank; sergeant at arms. 11. V.
t'ase; executive committee, C. H. Hubbs,
(Jeorge Semken, E. P. E. Troy. Dr. F. B.
Petrie. S. D. Darbee, Charles F. Mueller,
James Fitzgerald, \V. Somers, J. T. Mel
nert and J. G. Maloney; delegates to As
mciated Improvement Clubs, Charles H.
Hubbs, E. P. E. Troy, J. T. Meinert,
James Fitzgerald, J. G. Maloney; com
mittee or, charter, etc.. J. G. Maloney, E.
P. E. Troy, James Fitzgerald.
The executive committee reported that
the district west ot Central avenue and
Laurel Hill Cemetery and north of Point:
Lobos avenue has Btarted t.h»- year with
splendid promise, and among the actual
improvements :i.«w going on are the fol
lowing: California Btreet, from Central
avenue to First, will soon be completed, |
paved, etc.. and will certainly be the main ;
artery to Richmond, and will soon have
an electric railroad. The property be
tween Lake street and the Presidio on
the heights lately occupied as> a vegeta
ble garden is being graded, streets laid
out. "macadamized, etc. This is one of
the most beautiful building sites in th-»
district. Preparation* for building a |
block of residences on Sixth avenue, be- I
tween California and Lake streets, are,
completed, and work begun. On Second, i
Third and all avenues parallel new '
houses are to be built immediately, as !
the contracts have been let. As the dts
trict Is well lighted good fire and police |
protection has been furnished. Its fu- j
ture is assured, and the coming boom in j
property is already being felt. The open- j
in? up "of California street and its fine!
grrade and location will make it the great
business street of Richmond.
The following resolutions were passed: '
Whereas. The Board of Supervisors of this
city and county did. on June S. ISS7. by reso
lution declare that as the City Cemetery
burials were dangerous to life and detrimental
to the public health, that the same be pro
hibited, and notice was given through the pub
lic press, and that from and after Jan. 1. IS9R.
all burials in that cemetery should cease; and.
Whereas. Ample time for procuring new sites
has been given to the Chinese and others,
who now ask for a continuance In the matter
of rinsing: the same, that they may still lonirer
on public property '•ontlnue their bone-scraping
and dlsease-spreadlner rites to the detriment
of improvements and Imperiling the health of
our citizens; be it
Resolved, That we petition the Honorable
the Board of Supervisors to refuse any con
tinuance, as under the law they have the
power, and ask them to assist us in this matter
and discontinue the buryine In said cemetery
and abate this nuisance. "That the pretense
of the Chinese and others ar<» frivolous," and
done merely to further use thfs city property
for gain, and to the menace of our citizens.
A TEST CASE.
Can a Chlrjese Merchant Turn La
borer ar)d Remain In This
Country?
Kg Pak Tan fame to this port from
China a short time ago on a "merchant's
certificate" and wns allowed to land. He
has been gathered in again and ■will run
the risk of being deported, for he has been
found by Federal officers performing
manual labor as a fisherman at a Chi
nese fishinp camp on the bay shore be
tween MHlbrae and Burlingame. Thmc
other Chinese were found without regis
tration certificates, but they said that the
papers were in their rooms in this city.
They were detained ponding an investi
gation.
There Is a question whether a Chinese
merchant admitted to this country aa
such, who afterward becomes a laborer,
is er.titlr-d to remain here, and It is tho
intention of the Federal officials to test
the matter in the courts.
Federal lnforrr>atlons.
United States Attorney Foot* filed yo!«
terday in the United States District
Court Informations agralnst Sam Lee and
Hong On, chnrglnj? them with receiving
cigars on which the tax was unpaid.
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure never falls;
try it; 25c. For sale by all druggists. •
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, STTSTDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
HIGH SCHOOL
EDUCATION
Professor Brown Speaks
of Its History and
Problems.
The First of a Series of Studies
in Secondary Educa
tion.
Will Be the Field of a Great Ed
ucational Reorgani
zation.
BERKELEY, Jan. 15.— Professor El
mer E. Brown of the department of
pedagogy of the State University be
gan to-day a series of "Studies in Sec
ondary Education," which will be given
on Saturday mornings during the com
ing term. Two regular recitation pe
riods, from 10:20 to 11:15, and from 11:15
to 12:10 will be devoted to the course.
Professor Brown proposes to devote the i
first hour to the history of secondary j
education and the closing hour to the '
study of practical problems. In his
opening remarks this morning Profes- j
Bor Brown Baid:
B ndary education occupies a some
what critical position in education in:
■ il. The difficulties that are se.-:i
in California are difficulties which have \
appeared before and elsewhere, but we
have in California ;i comparatively
■ educational system— a respon
body of teachers and a public
which la perfectly willing to give edu
nal experiments a fair trial.
re are narrow views on secondary
education and there are broad views—
there are narrow views which nrn
broad and there are broad views which
are superficial, a reorganisation is
coming in secondary education, and in
this reorganisation the university must
take a prominent part.
When we have in California a truly
ted form of secondary education
we will have, l think, a perfected form
ication In general, bo closely does
education come in contact
with primary education "ii th»- one hand
and university education <>n the other.
A study of the Bubjeci of secondary
ition should Include, broadly, two
ts— a history iry educa
tion in America and a Study of hi^h
school curricula ami discussion of
the more important questions sup.
od. As a basis of study of the latter
subject the famous "Report of the Com
mittee of Ten." mad- in 1893, will be
•■' ith sonn- car»'.
hist< ry of secondary education
divides naturally Into three j.. riods:
The "grammar sch ;. h.-gin
ning with the early days of colonisation
and earning down to the R I nary
War; the academy period, lasting from
the tlm«' of the Revolution down to
about 1840; in this period come the plo
reformers, Horace
. Edward Barnard and t li • - i r eon
id lastly the high school
1, which extends from !M-i down
• ■ lent Tim.-. The names applted
■ed upon the
iary schools which
then flourished- the old "grammar
the academy and the pr-
high schools.
Th- - I the Atlantic seaboard
alone witnessed the rise and develop
"f tt..- "grammar" school; th.>
my flourished in that part of
the United Bts of the Missis
sippi >R1 vex; w.-st of the Mississippi the
hlph school h;is i.. . n the prevailing
type. The "grammar school" is now
forever gone. The academy, while no
ir the prevailing type, holds s
and will hoid a permanent p
in education: th.- high school, however,
a( present occupies by far the most Im
portant pla
"grammar schools" of England
mate successors of the
la of the monasteries and
drals. The grammar schools ..f
the Tudor period had the medieval
.Mic characteristics plus the im
: t Influence of the te
st. Paul's School in London, « stab
lished by Collet, is of especial Interest
type of th- early English "gram
mar" school. "Charge the malsters
that they teach always that is best,"
< oiiot's instruction In regard to
the curriculum of the school, and if in
the srand plan for the new University
Hfornia provision Is mad- f.,r the
•-tment of pedagogy, T would have
words of Collet graven above the
entrance.
Passing to a consideration of modern
questions of secondary education. Pro
fessor Brown dwelt ui>r.:i the various
views taken of the «ulijeot of educa
tion. "The modern educational or ped
apoeical view," he said, "is comins to
he. In addition to a psychological view,
a social view as weU. It adapts edu
cation not to the mere requirements of
the various branches of study, but to
the needs of the student of many and
various subjects."
FRIENDS OF THE CHILDREN.
TY)e Annual Election of the Call-
forr)ia Society.
The annual election of t !ir> vice-presi
dents and directors of the California Bo
dety for the Prevention of Cruel!
Children was h.-id Wednesday at the
rooms of the organization, a 1 ?2?. Powell
street. Previous to the election 6
tary ParneU made his report, which
shows the work of the society for the
past twelve months. The magnitude of
the work can op.lv be appreciated from
the following facts and figures:
Complaints received. 1235: Investigated, 1070
number of children Involved. 21G6: prosecutions'
119; convictions, 67; dismissals. 52; children re
lieved. 1035; placed In institutions, 354; placed
In families, IS6; returned to parents or guar
dlans, 326; people to whom advice or informa
tion -was given not Included in above. M
persons and families visited In making inves
tigations, 1293; visits to the Superior Court
156; to Police Court. 71: to City Prison, 120
citations served, 107; subpoenas served, IS6
petitions for appointment of guardian filed
64; wards of the society heard from. 123; vis-
NEW TO-DAY.
••EUREKA— have found it!"
2** D ow Ridiculous !
L v^r^^^w^ ' s see a business man fumbling
J /^vi^l' among his papers with a cigar or
f */^ Cw&P X.. tobacco in his mouth. He cannot
-y^. *• -v, \tfgr > siJTlßßi^^^L see - ne cannot hear, he can-
iF&ml ilSi not thuik - 'He is stunned
JW'R y nicotine anJ nis cental
Ml SIImiP ed? 65 are slowly blunting
ffliill JSiyillfl: wn '' e he nervously sucks
JEfk MJHiSiHi or chews away! the sit-
■^wßWmm JBlw^w ation would be laughable
l*dl|M«Pwy^ if it were not pitiful. His
j^^t j jH©^ /^"^^ business capital— health
hVu^u^>^ yf^J^ r j an d money are slowly Jf^f^T
oozingaway and clearer r?^«ffl
A  o t ing the advantage. ■EJBgjK
But Don't Stop TobaCCO SUDDENLY and wrench W^^!-|
the nerves, permanently injuring them, take iSiilP!
An absolute and kindly vegetable cure for the ;p>gc»M^fejggg&Tn %^^^t
tobacco habit, a kindly antidote for tobacco U WJLf flf Ww T*§*jßff|
poison. Use the tobacco you require and 1 lyfl fml SI ilfs3§|?|a
take BACOCURO.it will notify you when to j. wJL " L%.JjB
stop by removing the desire. IT GENTLY Mj^JgWnPWl V^ST
»!•• a MrltlMi Oaar«otop to tarr prmurallj any lvi jS fajt ji f4 I ran JS^&f
with tbrrit l^iirt. orrt-iand tl>» near?. SUc. or f1 i In, HJI \ipl I I HkliTOl ±J£h£?r
three boxn (puarantrrd carr) (1.(0. Drsf^ltts, ar jj£WS|Lg4.j Vr
KCUnx CHUIUL AXD BSTO. CO.t LA CEOSSt. Wl*. ■■^■^^■■■^^■ B
Ited. 86: called at office, 54; cases referred to
Associated Charities, 78; other benevolent so
cieties, 66.
Children were placed In the following Insti
tutions: St. Joseph's Youths' Directory. 35;
Boys' and Girls Aid Society, 22; Roman
catholic Orphan Asylum. 4; St. Joseph's Infant
Asylum, 28; Protestant Orphan Asylum. 2;
Sheltering Home (Oakland). 3; Ijadles' Pro
tection and Relief Society, 51; Bishop Armi
tage, 14 Whittier, 5: Home for Feeble- Minded.
4; Children's Hospital. 20; Indus-trial School
(Macdalen Asylum), 34: Girls' Training Home.
JO; Girls' Directory. 16; Maria Kip Orphanage,
i; Boys' Training Home. 14: Florence Critten
ton Home. 3; County Hospital, 7; Infant's Shel
ter, 13; other asylums, 57.
The election resulted In selecting the
following for vice-presidents and board
of directors:
Vice Presidents— A. B. McCreary. Lloyd
Tevls. James B. Haggin. Alvlnza Hay ward.
D. O. Mills. Oliver Eldrldge. William F.
Whittle--. P. B. Cornwall. Hy 1.. Dodge, F. A.
Hihn. George C. Perkins, John P. Jackson.
Alexander Boyd. Lev! Strauss, John D. Thorn
son, Thomas Mage«, I. H. Bwe*ney, W. B.
Bourne, William M. Pierson, John R. Spring.
Hoard of Directors— Charles Sonntag, Gilbert
Palache. George a. Newhall, B. I*. Flint, I. T.
MlUiken, A. Roman, J. K. Bhoobert, John F.
Merrill, L. F. Monteagle and C. M. Volkman.
On next Tuesday the new directors
will meet and elect their president and
appoint the secretary and assistant sec
retary for the ensuing year. In all prob
ability Charles Sonntag will be re-elected
to the presidency and Colonel Parnell
and Mrs. Prescott will be reappointed
to th..' places they have filled so well
during their incumbency.
THRE MOON DOES IT.
The Chinese New Year a Day
Fixed by an Unerring
Time Keeper.
According to the Chinese calendar,
which is regulated by the moon, there
is no such thing as a difference of opin
ion by the Mongolians regarding the
date of the first of the year, save and
except what is now thrown in by the
newly appointed Consul who has taken
it upon himself to change the date. At
this interference with time and tide the
wis- ones in Chinatown simply laugh.
They point to the fact that the new
moon, which governs their months,
comes on the 21st of this month, and
nothing that the Consul or any other
man may say or do can change that
event. Consequently the New Year
will be celebrated on that day. By
the Chinese way of computing time
they have, as we have, sixty-two moons
every five years. This gives them an
extra month every three years and a
little over which they divide to suit
their new years, always making it a
point to have the year commence on
the birth of the moon. This year the
birth of the twelfth moon is down on
the calendar for the 21st, and that set
tles It. Next year, however, will be
a long one with them and their n> -w
year will run into the middle of Feb
ruary.
The Chinese months vary from
twenty-nine to thirty days, hut never
more or less.
They laugh at the Consul's way of
reckoning dates, and Pimply say that
If he be correct th<- Chinese New Year
In China commences by right on the
2fHh. Inasmuch as the Eastern time is
ahead of the San Francisco time by at
least one day. Consequently Friday.
the 21st, will see Chinatown painted
red, unless the Chief of Police wills it
otherwise.
SAYS HE STRUCK HIM.
Joseph Gumpcr Mak.es Serious
Charges Against Policeroar)
Hutchins.
Joseph Gumpor. a janitor, visited police
headquarters last night and made a com
plaint against Officer Hutchins. whom he
accused of assaulting him without provo
cation. According to Gumper's story he
Wta standing In a grocery store at A'al
lejo and Kearny struts, last night, when
b >■•> :-.k woman who had made Home
slanderous remarks about him entered.
Ho proceeded to "call her down." as he
Bed it, and finally threatened to
"slap her face" if she continued to slan
der him.
Sh>- at once left the place, and notified
Hutchins. A few minutes lat<-r !.
the Store, and walking: up t<> Gum
per, s'ruck him in the face with h;
hand.
•inp furt her violence at his hands,
Gumper left the store and subsequently
went • dquarters, wh< :•
gave his vefsion <>f th>- assault. H.
claims that the police officer is prejudiced
t him and that li> never ml ISC I
an opportunity to annoy him.
Last Friday nieht, he claims, Hutchins
M'»m<l him up <>n Kearny ptreet anil
searched him for a revolver. He intends
t<> Die written charpes apainst the officer
at the next meeting of the Police Com
missioners.
CONVICTS SENT TO PRISON.
Several Burglars ar)d a Would-Be
Murderer Sent Across the
Bay.
Harry Baldwin, who made a murderous
assault upon Nat If. Wall, a barkeeper
la William Abbott's Grant-avenue saloon,
a short time ajro. was sentenced to two
years' Imprisonment in Fotsom by Judge
Cook vc Bterday morning. In passing sen
tence the court remarked that If it wore
m>t fur such places aa Abbott's, Depart
ment l- i if the Superior Court would be
allowed considerably more leisure.
ll< nry Jameson, who forced an entrance
house at IT. Minna street and was
found pin'ity <>i" burglary in thf tirst
. «;i^ sentenced to (If teen years In
Ban Quentin by Judge Dunne. John Cul
len, convicted <>f burglary In the second
degree, was sentenced to San Quentin for
eighteen months. James I-. Sheehan, con
■ .11 two charges of burglary, was
sentenced t.. spend thf next ten years of
his life in San Quentin. L»are Tick was
placed away In the County Jail for
ninety days for an assnult.
Insolvent Business Men.
John T. Powers, a restaurant-keeper,
has been declared Insolvent. His liabill
mount to $1218, and his assets $500.
J. E. Gabriel, who conducted a confec
tionery store at 104 Eddy street, has been
adjudged Insolvent. His liabilities amount
to about $400.
NEW TO-DAY.
CtftiM Pi
AND A J&JSTeNE;-
preparation which Mme. Sarah
Bernhardt claims is "the only
dentifrice of international repu-
tation." She ought to know,
having used Sozodont for > jars
and found it in nearly every city
of importance in the world.
HALL & RUCKEL
NEW YORK Proprietors LONDON
A sample of Soiodont and Sozoderma Soap
Jj3 for the postage, three cents. .ftj
84 CANCERS CURED
S^^. state of California.
f^^^_ C sr^^County of San Fran-
¥ .^k^ J^\ M** J' taco — Dr. S. R. i
V V j£ Chamley of 719 Mar- '
V I ]P^flM^P^t-ir<v'^ ket -street personally
3 1 /^^i^SSd^Q^^ appeared before me !
Bj^Bwi -'> and swears that he \
fcjKft^'^y^''^^^^ has cured eighty-four
[ *p3sr?^"* l^!\iv^ * cancers during the '
yt-iir of IS'J7. Some i
'^M^t^^^^i were cure.i free an.i
taj^B^BHO^^^^ others were charged
,« from J2.". to 5-'')o. Ac- j
- '-: t<> size. He I
ft i**^ *^2jP^ jg i% '■ '■ ■ ' swears that ha
a. \Jf wL-^' V V l:: ' s refused as many i
~' VV — t l^ Vij^»- -^ more cases, as they ' j
were too far advanced to warrant a cure. He
swears his cash receipts Cor the year are $5200, i
with a balance of. over $1000 due. lie sends free 1
a 75-page book on cancers and tumors cured
Without knife or pain. No pay until cured.
S. P.. CIIAMLEY, M. D.
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this 31st i
day of December. 1837. A. J. HENRY.
! Notary Public.
DR. MEYERS & co.
731 MARKET STREET.
i These Eminent Specialists have devoted half
a lifetime to the cure of all ■flftifla
WEAKNESS AND DISEASES OF MEN
Dr. Meyers & Co. have bo much confidence In ;
; their wonderful methods and remedies that '
I they make this offer to all who come to their I
I office:
NOT A DOLLAR NEED BE PAID
UNTIL CURED.
Dr. Meyers & Co. make a specialty of.
troubles and ailments which have been badly
treated and have become chronic and danger- ■
ous.
! V% i • I
STRICTLY RELIABLE.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE FREE
At office or by letter. If you cannot visit the
city write for symptom list and private book
for men. All correspondence confidential.
08. MEYERS & CO.
Specialists for Men of the
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
Hours— Evenings. 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
An Instrument of Torture.
Is a truss made on the plan of the above, with
a heavy steel or iron band, as you well know
if you have been in the habit of wearing one.
Throw it away!
Why will you continue wearing such an In-
strument of torture when we can furnish you
a most efficient truss without any Iron hoops
or steel springs about It, and one which may
be worn With ease and comfort NIGHT and
DAY ?
As for CURES, "DR. PIERCE' B PATENT
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS" has accom-
plished THOUSANDS! It is an ELECTRIC
truss: the only genuine and successful one ever
Invented and has been sold for the past
TWENTY-TWO years. If ruptured it will pay
you to investijeate at once. Consultation free.
Trusses fitted without extra charge. Call, or
send 2c In stamps for our New Hook on Rup-
ture. This book also describes our New Ap-
pliances for Piles, Varicose Veins, etc. Ad-
M \;>ETIC ELASTIC TRUSS COMPANY,
701 Sacramento St.. cor. Kearny. San Francisco.
CLOSE ONE EYE and then THE OTHER
IF you CANNOT SEE EQUALLY WELL BOTH NEAR
AND FAR CALL AND SEE US. •
OPTICIANS -photo^suSlies
&, Jcientihc Instruments i/
vfC* 642 Market St. -7'f
UNDuCHROiMCIt BUILDING^
!TIS WELL TO KNOW
BORROW mSnEY SLfSKSr
FROM US ..... Qi\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
*£ILiI-iS BXJIT_iIDINGI-,
CHAS. PAtIE. President.
HOWARD E. WRIGHT;
Secretary ami Manager.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
DOC MARKET ST.. OPP. PALACE
UOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 903
Valencia street. Telephone. "Church" 15.
i^P^DEWEY,STRONG &Co.>!ffV
(1 ZE&IM TS I *)
X^/330MARKETSt!s"VS^
Weak Men and Women
SHOULD USE DAMIANA BITTERS, THE
(Treat Mexican Remedy; gives health and
I strength to the sexual organs.
NEW TO-DAY.
AUDITOR'S QUARTERLY REPORT
Office of the City and County Auditor,
San Francisco. December 31, 1897.
To the Honorable the Board of Supervisors.
Gentlemen: I have the honor to submit. In
accordance with law, my quarterly report for
the fiscal year 1597-98. quarter ending the 31st
day of December. 1897. Very respectfully,
WM. BRODERICK, Auditor.
DEMANDS AUDITED.
GENERAL FUND.
Advertising $1,361 55
Almshouse expenses 29.13617
Assessment and military roll 8,14r25
Burial of indigent dead 952 00
City and County Attorney's contin-
gent expenses 91 45
City Receiving Hospital 3,480 12
Coroner's expenses 724 85
County Jail No. 2 13.647 46
County Jail No. 3 .... v 10.596 45
Examining insane persons 1.280 00
Expert Street Committee 600 00
Finance Committee's expenses
(Board of Supervisors) 1,404 50
Fire alarm and police telegraph
(extension and repairs) 2.52000
Fire alarm apparatus (reconstruc-
tion and repairs) 2,523 73
Fire Department apparatus 36,926 42
Fire Department material 9.780 25
Fire Department, running expenses. 5,035 85
Fire Department, relief of disabled
firemen 175 00
Fire Department, leave of absence.. 4,33$ 65
Fire Department, pensions 2,802 50
Fish and Game Warden 661 65
Gas Inspector's expenses 608 75
Grand Jury expenses 564 95
Health Department expenses 23,325 13
Health Department, smallpox hos-
pital 1,014 16
Health Department, expenses Jails
and prisons 44102
Health Department, quarantine ex-
penses 1,890 32
Hospital expenses 30,566 68
Horse keeping (sheriff's van) 250 00
Interment of deceased ex-Union sol-
, diers 750 00
Judgments 4,042 25
Justice's clerk and assistant ......... 1,660 00
Jury and witness fees 12,446 00
Jury expenses in criminal cases 276 00
Law library expenses 1,200 75
I License Collector's blanks, tags and ,
numbers 882 15
Mayor's contingent expenses 600 00
Mayor's typewriter 240 00
Money raid in error and refunded 975 00
, Police Department, rents and repairs
» of stations 2,454 14
Police, mounted 1,63. > 86
Police patrol expenses 10,629 91
Police telegraph 1,857 42
Prisoners, subsistence of 13.584 60
Public buildings, fuel 2 289 95
Public buildings, furniture and re-
pairs 277 31
Public buildings, lighting 14.728 47
Recorder* 8 newspapers 200
; Registration and election expenses.. 9,331 69
Repairs to County Jail No. 1 367 90
Special counsel 1.000 00
Urgent necessity 7,071 31
Water for municipal purposes 9&889 79
Witnesses' expenses 1,56110
j Salaries of city and county officers 185,075 57
; Salaries of Police Department 176,393 26
Salaries of Fire Department 98,182 10
| Salaries of fire alarm and police tele-
! graph 2,025 00
Court orders, miscellaneous 394 00
J Court orders, paid by Treasurer.... 14 935 87
1 . I
Total $569,100 26 !
SCHOOL FUND.
Advertising j 5003
Apparatus 544 63
goo, 1 " 7,556 10!
* uel • 1,909 40
Furniture 11,920 38
Incidentals 753 .-.-
Lights , .... , 2,506 92
Manual training 849 62 i
Mission High School 18,381 88
Permanent improvements 9143 90'
I/^ trl^" ' 58 08
Printing 1.398 20
! ™ enta , 1,409 50
Repairs 26,304 OS
Salaries of teachers 24! 186 96
Salaries of officers 2,497 60
Salaries of janitors ' 13*.662 00
Salaries of shops I*Bo7 -
Stationery 2*. 438 73
Supplies 6,980 77
Telegraph service 139 43 ;
Water ;;;;;;;;; 3150
Total $353,560 60
SPECIAL FEE FUND.
City and cpunty officers' salaries $18 249 93
Printing transcripts on appeal • '774 00
Publishing law and motion calendar 600 00
I Stationery, printing, blanks, etc.... 7.97139
Bookbinding 85 50
Total t 27 6SO 8'
STREET DEPARTMENT FUND '
Accepted streets . - $59.383 95
Cleaning streets and sewers 49,441 25 !
Public squares and Improvements.. 14462 59
Repairs of streets In front of city
property 1,896 43
Repairs of county roads 6 479 66 1
Sweeping and cleaning streets 47*715 41 :
Total $179,379 29!
SUNDRY FUNDS.
Pisinterment fund $ 600 00
Duplicate tax fund 204 S7
Exempt firemen's relief fund 2.992 00
Library fund 7 554 62
New City Hall fund 26*134 95
Overpayment personal property
taxes fund 1,896 83
Park improvement fund 66,327 75
Police contingent fund 1.040 05
Police relief and pension fund 7 749 27
Pound fee fund 3CO 00
Public building fund 21 130 75
Street light fund 133 627 41
Teachers' Institute fund ' 335 30
Unapportioned fee fund 425 00
Interest Accounts
Dupont street widening bonds $20.895 00
Park Improvement bonds 7,380 00
Sinking funds —
Park improvement bonds, 1*72-73 $50.000 00
Dupont street widening bonds 1,000 0
Total $339,584 00
RECAPITULATION OF DEMANDS AUD-
ITED.
General fund $869 100 26
School fund ' 353.560 60
I Special fee fund 27,680 Si
Street Department fund 179,379 29
Sundry funds 339)554 00
Total $1,769.304 97
DEMANDS OUTSTANDING DECEMBER
31, 1897.
General fund $283,662 28
l>isinterment fund 200 00
Duplicate tax fund 77 18
Exempt firemen's relief fund 896 00
Free Public Library fund 44 7.".
New City Hall fund 92S 42
' Nineteenth street extension fund 6 87
Park improvement fund 8,797 09
Police relief and pension fund 119 50
I School fund, ($3,026 77: less demand
No. 3732. canceled Nov. 4, 1597,
i $125) 2.90177
Public building fund 250 00
Special fee fund 6,649 70
Street Department fund 1,496 15
Street light fund . 26,892 09
Teachers' Institute fund 303 00
Total $333,324 80
PROOF.
i Demands outstanding Sept. 30. 1597.. $481,859 SO
Demands audited during quarter 1,769,304 97
Total ; $2,251,164 77
Demands paid during quarter $1,917.714 97
Demands outstanding Deo. 31, 1897.. 333,324 SO
Demand on School fund No. 3732,
canceled Nov. 4, 1897 125 00
Total $2,251,164 77
TREASURER'S ACCOUNT.
Receipts during quarter ending December 31
1897, at credit of the following funds and ac-
counts:
... GENERAL FUND.
From. taxes $1,520,870 16
Fines and forfeitures. Police Court,
Department No. 1 • 1.412 25
Fines and forfeitures, Police Court,
Department No. 2 1522 60
Fines and forfeitures. Police Court,
Department No. 3 .' 3 29125
Fines and forfeitures. Police Court,
Department No. 4 1495 no
Fines and forfeitures, Superior Court '562 00
Health Office receipts 88 50
Licenses, city and county 95 569 00
Licenses, municipal 2**039 00
Quarantine fees ."..". '3-3 50
Rents of city and county property..'. **65 CO
Sale of property by the Mayor 65 73
Sheriff, for subsistence of U. S. pris-
oners • E44 00
From City and County .Attorney,
costs for satisfaction of Judgment.. 10 00
Total $1,647,606 91
SPECIAL FEE FUND.
From Auditor ...'. $ 14 00
Clerk of Justices' Court 6 661 75
Coroner ' 130
County Clerk 13.954 75
License Collector 8,58100
Recorder s 110 SO
Sheriff 2,400 47
Tax Collector 217 g§
Total $39.942 03
' DISINTERMENT FUND.
From removal permits • 1.740 00
LIBRARY FUND.
From taxes $35.24135
Fines 275 00
Total $32.516 35
NEW CITY HALL FUND.
From taxes $ 24 97
PARK IMPROVEMENT FUND.
From taxes . $126. 40
Proceeds of children quarters 250 00
Rent of boat hSuse 150 00
Sale of old material 259 15
Park and Ocean Railroad Co 100 00
Fines 75 00
Total $127 671 55
POLICE RELIEF AND PENSION FUND.
From contribution of officers $ 3*354 00
Fines of officers . 210 00
Fines and forfeitures in Police
COUrtS /.. . 105500
Money refunded 12976
Total $ 4,748 70
NEW TO-DAY.
ROBINSON BEQUEST INTEREST FUND.
From interest received ♦ l,o?o 00
SCHOOL FUND.
From taxes • * 3 ?°' ( 99
Rents Lincoln School lots 11,491 10
Rents sundry school lots ...". 2.990 00
Tuition fees of non-resident pupiis.. 43» 00
To a i -... $335,554 09
STREET DEPARTMENT FUND.
From taxes $308.679 9$
Licenses on vehicles , 5.156 25
Two per cent gross earnings on
street railways ,i>? »
Sale of old material 12 1 »3
From Superintendent of Streets, cer- _
tified copy of assessments ° oo
Total • $315,07129
STREET LIGHT FUND.
From taxes $185,722 20
TEACHERS' INSTITUTE FUND.
From fees '. $ 76 00
INTEREST ACCOUNTS.
City Hall construction bonds, from
taxes .X ••• $ 3.628 97
Park improvement bonds, from taxes 9.820 43
Total '..... 13,449 40
SINKING FUNDS.
Park improvement bonds, 1872-73,
from taxes 1 OS
Park improvement bonds, ' 1874-75,
from taxes 336 29
Interest received 7125
City Hall construction bonds, from
taxes . 17,93175
Total $23,340 47
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
From taxes $1,089.037 43
Poll taxes 1,595 10
City and county, for Whittier Re- .
form School 1,310 40
Ci*y and county, for Preston School
of Industry 1.464 48
Collateral inheritance tax 26,854 53
Redemption of property sold to State 3,373 61
Total * $1,123,635 55
RECAPITULATION OF RECEIPTS.
General fund $1,647.606 91
Special fee fund 39,942 03
School fund 335.554 09
Street Department fund 315,071 29
Sundry funds 390. 64
State of California $1,123,635 55.
Total $3,852.697 51
Payments during quarter ending December
31, 1897, at debit of the following funds and ac«
counts:
Disinterment fund $ 600 00
Duplicate tax fund 189 92
Exempt firemen's relief fund 3,028 50
General fund 1.000,216 81
Library fund 8.319 64
New City Hall fund 26,134 95.
Park improvement fund 74.864 OS
Police contingent fund 1,040 05
Police relief and pension fund 7,839 27
Pound fee fund 300 00
Public building fund 20,880 75
School fund 353,488 59
Street light fund 106,735 33
Special fee fund 27,633 43
Street Department fund 204,314 34
Teachers' Institute fund 22 50
TTnepportioned fee fund .♦ 875 00
Overpayment personal property
taxes fund 1,896 83
State of California 1,279,756 02
Interest Accounts —
Dupont street widening bonds 20,895 00
Park improvement bonds 7.350 00
Sinking funds —
Dur-ont street widening bonds 1.000 00
Park improvement bonds, 1872-73.... 50,000 00
Total $3,197,470 99
Cash on hand December 31, 1897, at credit
of the following funds and accounts:
General fund $643,507 98
Special fee fund 11,399 SS
School fund , 122,347 93
Public building fund 59.60118
Street Department fund 163.023 49
Park improvement fund 075 23
New City Hall fund 69,107 05
Library fund 35,62174
Street light fund 100,169 89
Police contingent fund 669 73
Police relief and pension fund 11.577 08
Pound fee fund 225 00
Disinterment fund 2',SftO 00
Exempt firemen's relief fund 2,018 45
Teachers' Institute fund 2,390 99
Duplicate tax fund 11,157 77
Potrero avenue extension fund 37192
Nineteenth street extension fund 246 77
Overpayment personal property
taxes fund , 6,621 11
1 Robinson bequest fund 50 00
Robinson bequest interest fund 1,595 00
Pacific Railroad Interest tax account 35 00
Coupons, school bonds 1874 30 00
: Coupons, park improvement bonds... 6,816 91
! Coupons, House of Correction bonds 35 00
Coupons, City Hall construction
; bonds 6,193 80
Coupons, Dupont St. widening bonds 46,759 13
Sinking fund, park improvement
bonds. 1872-73 2,750 08
Sinking fund. park Improvement . . ■•
bonds. 1874-75..'.....: ' 9,514 65
Sinking fund. City Hall construe-
. tion bonds 28,628 19
I Slnkine fund, Dupont street widen-
ing bonds 13,060 43
State of California T62 43
| Total $1,398,278 85
i Balance — Cash on hand Sept. 30, 1897 $743,052 33
Receipts during quarter 3,852,697 51
\ Total $4,595,749 84
Payments during quarter 3.197,47 99
| Cash on hand Dec. 31, 1597 1,398,278 85
j Total J $4,595,749 84
LOANS FROM SINKING FUNDS OUT-
STANDING.
I Sinking fund, park improvement
bonds, 1874-75 $ 72.900
TRANSFERS.
! From General Fund
To account with Assessor $83,087 68
I To exempt firemen's relief fund... 4.000 00
To police relief and pension fund.. 5,738 75
To pound fee fund 300 00
i From Unapportloned Fee Fund
To general fund 97 00
To special fee fund 10,425 53
To disinterment fund 50 00
From Park Improvement Fund —
To account with Assessor 7,488 14
From Police Relief and Pension Fund —
To general fund ; 12,000 00
From Disinterment Fund—
To general fund 2,300 03
From Account with Assessor
To school fund 84,166 25
To Street Department fund 32,892 41
To library fund 3,434 83
To duplicate tax fund 35 43
To street light fund 19,790 04
To coupons, park improvement
bonds 1,046 37
To coupons. City Hail construc-
tion bonds 886 "ft
To sinking fund, park improve-
ment bonds, 1574-75 568 63)
To sinking fund. City Hall con-
struction bonds ;.... ' 1.910 78
To State of California 116,010 uS
From Sinking Fund, Park Improve-
ment Bonds, 1874-75 —
To school fund 100,000 OH
From Special Fee Fund —
To general fund 15,000 00;
! From State of California—
To account with Assessor 10 68.
STATE OF CALIFORNIA.
Cash on hand Sept. 30, 1897 $40,883 03
! Taxes received during quarter: From
| Tax Collector, 51.059.037 42; from
Assessor, $116,010 5S 1,205, 04S 00
Poll taxes received during quarter.. 1,595 10
' Maintenance of juveniles at Whittier
Reform School 1,310 40
Maintenance of Juveniles at Preston
School of Industry 1.484 48
Collateral inheritance tax 26,854 58
Redemptions of property sold to
State 8,373 61
Total $1,280,529 18
Amount Transferred —
To account of Assessor, $10 66; paid
State Treasurer, $1,279,756 02 1.279,766 88
Balance on hand December 31. 1897 $ 762 43
****************************
I PERFECTION . : .PREVAILS s
! CUISINE 1 SERVICE I
* —IN THE— *
I LADIES' GRILL*
! %* PALACE. %
* Direct Entrance from Market Street. *
a-**************************.*,
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY, •
/ OFFICE.
1004 Market '1,
"I Sear Powell.
j Telephone, Sou.tli 4 SO.
s. YOUNG, OLD OR MIDDLE-AGED MEN
Suffering from the effects of youthful errors or
premature decay should send ■ £„;• my book of
100 pages, . which explains all the P«cr6ta.
Mailed free securely sealed In plain wrapper.
Address 320 N. Isth st., Phlla.Pa. j
DR. LOBB, 320 N. 15th st., Phlla, Pa.A VIGNETTE OF OLD BOHEMIA.
REINSTEIN
REPRIMANDS
DR. JORDAN
; Rebuke Administered
'■}[ to the President of
■{■■■'. Stanford.
Regents Deplore the Con
troversy and Soften
the Asperities.
Committee Reports in Favor of
Creating a College of Com
merce at Berkeley.
SPECIAL SESSION HELD.
Future of the University Discussed.
Governor Budd and Judge
Waymire Attend.
Repents In special session at the
Mark Hopkins Institute yesterday dis
cussed the future of the university, di
gressing from the main subject at In
tervals to discuss David Starr Jordan,
president of Stanford University. The
Governor was present and enlivened
the session with a few original re
marks. Judge "Waymire was on hand,
but as he did not get there in time to
answer to the roll call his activity
cnuld not be ciassfd as pernicious.
Major Harney, Harbor Commissioner,
Professor Moses and Attorney Mhoon
were interested listeners. The regents
attending were: Phelps (presiding),
Rodgers, Hallidi^, Martin, Denicke,
"Wallace, Mrs. Hearst, Slack, President
Kellogg, John E. Budd, Governor
Budd, Reinstein, Marye, Chase, Foote
and Waymire.
Regent Arthur Rodgers presented a
report from the committee appointed
to consider a resolution providing for
the establishment of a college of com
merce in the university. The report Is
signed by Messis. Rodgers, Hallidie
and Marye. It is an elaborate paper,
reviewing the success of commercial
colleges in Europe and setting forth
the great gains achieved by commer
cial instruction in Germany. Concern-
Ing colleges of this character the re
port says:
There are probably sixty commercial
high schools In the German empire, ten
in France and JBtlgium and fifteen in the
Austrian empire and Italy- Some of tntst
were founded over a hundred years age
Lut most of them since our university
opened.
The/ have grown according to the en
lightened commercial spirit of their re
spective communities. It is said that not
one of over a thousand graduates of these
schools in Franco has abandoned his
chosen career and that about 18 per cent
of these graduates are devotiner them
selves to foreign commerce. The growth
of German internal commerce, and
especially of German foreign commerce,
during the last decade or two has been
unparalleled, probably, in the history of
commerce. During that time her ad
vanced commercial schools have been the
most numerous and have taught more
pupils than those of the rest of the world.
They have learned every language, and
have gone forth as successful mission
aries of German trade into all countries.
The success oi the advanced commercial
education in Germany has excited alarm
in Great Britain, and various methods of
ring like training have been under
outUned very recently. Japan
has established a successful school alter
the general plan of the European schools
mentioned. In the United States there
are a ff-w similar schools of recent estab
lishment. About fifteen years ago the
Wharton School of Finance and Economy
was established in the University of
Pennsylvania. The president of the Uni
versity of Chicago has recently announced
a prospective department in that institu
tion, with aims and methods similar to
those of the "Wharton School, to be cai.ed
a College of Commerce and Politics.
To Bum up the experience of other com
THERE is many a good story told
of poor Charley Reed, flan Fran
clpcos "plain comedian," who
from the time he commenced to
Play minor parts at the old Bella
onion until the day of his death,
when his name had become fa
mous throughout the length and
breadth of the United States, hold the
affection of tho people of thlß city a no
other actor, man or woman, over pos
sessed it.
Millie Collier, who is now playing nt
one of the local theaters, wns Reed's
side - partner in the old days, and
tney constituted a pair that were
hard to beat, whether you found
t..em on the stage or off. Reed wns
always filled with the ambition to Rhine
in some occupation other than that of
acting, and the one dream of his life
was to become a barkeeper and to be
known as a mixer of drinks who had no
equal. He often spoke to his chum Col
lier of the happiness the realization of
this dream would bring to him. and when
he coud get Willie into some quiet cor
ner he would hold forth for hours
on his peculiar ability to distinguish
himself as a dispenser of the fragrant
iulep and the seductive cocktail. So one
Fourth of July night, after the show at
which they were then playing at the
California Theater had concluded, the
pair of them floated into a saloon on
Koarny street, and Reed, addressing the
proprietor of the place, said: "Levy, Col
lier and myself have been discussing
your place and have come to the <•• in
clusion that if we threw all the poor
drinks you have piven us into th<
there wouldn't be shrimp sober enough
In the city to go into a respectable salad.
Now, suppose you and your brother get
out from behind the bar and let <
and myself get In and show you how to
run things. We have some pretty loud
cats on, so all we need in order to make
our appearance all risht is a couple of
aprons and your diamond studs."
Levy and his brother accordingly got
out. while Collier and Reed installed
themselves between the mahogany and
the glass and waited for customers to
come in.
The first to appear was an old gentle
man, who came in and. Laying down a
dollar on the bar, asked Collier to plve
him some green chartreuse. "Th
not in my department," .said Collier; "my
boy here." pointing to Re^d. "will at
tend to you." The customer accordingly
moved to the other end of the bar and re
peated his request to Charley.
"Green chartreuse?" said Charley.
"This is the Fourth of July— not St.
Patrick's day. What you want is fire
water." The stranger mildly protested,
but on being told that he would either
munlties: Advanced commercial training
corresponding to our college work has
been developed independently of univers
ity work. It has developed upon the de
mands of practical men. It has made
successful business men and has kept
them at their career.
An outline of the course of study,
embracing- forty-eight subjects, is con
tained in the report of 'the committee.
It is recommended that one professor of
commerce should be chosen. It is
further reoommei.ded: "And the great
est care should be exercised to secure
a vigorous, practical, tactful and dis
tinguished professor, whose success in
similar work elsewhere would assure
the most favorable organization and
beginning of the new college."
The prospective advantages of the
proposed college are set forth in these
terms:
Aside from this duty and the general
policy which require the organisation of
a college of commerce our situation and
our development urgently demand it.
Hitherto California has been la
by mountain, desert and sea- and with a
climate and valuable resources— from the
rest of the world, and specially from
the great markets of the Atlantic; and
our people have been engrossed with ox
plotting and experimenting upon the re
sources of this new ami strange terri
tory. We have reached that point in
knowledge and improved methods where
our production Is far beyond the con
sumption of our own people, and capable
of vast expansion even under present
conditions. Speaking broadly we have
the population of Paris with the avail
able natural resources of France.
Wo must reach the markets of the
world with the least cost and lessen the
expenses of Internal trade.
Hitherto our chief markets have b^en
in the West, the Atlantic States ami
Europe, and we have been virtually ob
livious to the Pacific Ocean, which in
vites us to the greatest commercial con
quest of all time. The events occurring
In the Northwestern and Norhtea<u<rn
Pacific portend marvelous commercial
expansion. In the prospective struggle
for this commerce we of this coast and
country have opportunities through geo
graphy and resource more favorable than
any other people of our civilization.
In this connection we doem it proper to
quote from the letter of Regent Edward
Tompkins in 1*72. donating property to
this board to support the Agasslz pro
fessorship of Oriental languages and lit
erature: "The business between Califor
nia and Asia is already very great. Its
future is beyond any estimate that thr>
most sanguine would daro to makf>. The
child is now born that will see the com
merce of the Pacific greater than that
of the Atlantic."
It is therefore of the utmost conse
quence for California, that the means
shall be provided to instruct our young
men preparing for lives of business ar
tivity in the. languages and literature of
Hasten) Asia.
In conclusion, the committee recom
mends:
First — The adoption of the reso
lution that a college of commerce
be established in the University
of California.
Second — That fhs president of
the university be authorized to
recommend to the board a nomi
nee as professor in this college
with such titles as may hereafter
be adopted.
The report was ordered printed.
Regent Reinstein read a carefully
prepared and able address in which he
reviewed the university of the past
and sketched a future for the institu
tion, full of honorable achievement. At
tention wan called to some remarks re
cently made by David Starr Jordan,
; president of Stanford University. In
this style Mr. Reinstein commented on
the language ascribed to Dr. Jordan:
"And, here, too, where sit other cx
i offjcio regents, whose duties are con
nected with the spread of knowledge
through the State, should be resented
and answered such false and slander
! ous charges against the State as those
! recently made by President David Starr
j Jordan. Speaking of California, he
I publicly proclaimed that 'no other
! State on receiving a gift proceeds at
j once to tax it out of existence' — mean
i Ing thereby that California does — an
I absolute untruth — and the more repre
1 hensible in the hint that the State was
not only an ingrate, but stabbed its
| donors in the back.
" "Other civilized States,' Dr. Jordan
i said, 'meet the generous giver half way
i and double his gifts. California plun
j ders his donation as soon as his back
!is turned.' These charges are the less
' Justifiable from one in his position,
1 from one whose few years in this State
j have brought him more notoriety and
' profit than he had obtained before in
all the years of his life, and who has
not sojourned sufficiently in this State
to appreciate the character of her
people.
" 'No man,' said Burke, 'can frame an
indictment against a people;' and it is
high time that at least so prominent
a citizen should cease to charge that
all of the people of the State plunder,
where he would not dream of saying
TITE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SFXDAY, JAXUAEY IG, 189 S.
get that or a bounce he decided to accept
the straight drink which Reed had set
before him. He waited some time for hl«
change and then paid to Reed: "I think
you must have made a mistake. I laid
down a dollar here and feu have given
me nothing back."
"It would have been a mistake If T had
given you anything back," paid Reed.
"What do you take this place for— a
bank? Get out nf here!" The Btranger
daggered hack and then turning quickly
fled into the night.
Then a man came In who wanted pom*
Iron bitters, and was told he had better
go to Dunham, Carrlgan Co., where ho
would find hardware of all kinds.
A Mexican, who demanded a cocktail
of Collier, was provided with a glass of
Fte.am beer, and upon protesting wan In
formed that he wa« color blind and did
not know what he was drinking, and the
Oermun who wanted a pousso cafe was
directed to a barber sign in the alley
around the corner.
By this time the tip had gone quietly
along the street that there was some
thing doing in the Mirror, and customers
began to flock in by the score. They de
manded everything, from Ice water to
champagne and from pony brandy to a
demi tasse, but they never found the
gentlemen behind the bar at a loss. Reed
attended to the straight drinks and re
ferred all those who called for some
thing in the mixed line to his partner,
With the remark that he was a poor,
plain young man, trying to get on in the
world and that he did not want to be
come acquainted with all the Intricacies
of sin at so early an age, but that Col
lier was lost to all hope and could mix
anything from mortar to his lines.
Col Her, with an afTable smile, would at
tend to all those who were thus passed
Op tn him. and the price of a drink was
whatever the man laid on the counter.
The run of business continued way into
the sma' wee hours of the morning, when
the two actors, becoming tired (if their
fun, took off their aprons and went home.
A couple of days afterward Levy,
meeting Collier on the street, said. "Wil
lie, what did you do with those people
that came into my place the other night?
I have had two fights, and it has cost
me $20 worth of drinks to square myself
with the number of people who have
come in looking for trouble since you and
Reed tei Sed liar."
"Oh, nothing." said Collier. "You see,
when I went in there that night I had a
large package of assafetida in my
porket that I was taking home to doc
tor my dog with, and fearing that your
customers might think that they were
not getting the worth of their money I
Just threw a little of it Into each drink
that I mixed."
under similar circumstances that one
of them steals. And such a criticism
is made by such a man of such a
State. California needs no defense;
but for the benefit of those who, like
President Jordan, are not 'native and to
the manner born' let us say that oft
told as is the story of her greatness it
cannot be too often reiterated."
Judge Wallace admired the noble
sentiments and lofty eloquence of Re
gent Reinstein's paper, but he feared
that its force would be weakened by
retaining the allusion to President Jor
dan. He hoped that all reference to
President Jordan would be excluded be
fore the document was printed.
Arthur Kodgers maintained the samo
opinion. He remarked: "I regret
that any citizen of the Rtat^ should
be referred to as President Jordan was
in this paper."
Regent Foote regretted that so dis
tinguished an address should go out
nith this one blemish. H*> trusted that
Mr. Reinstein would eliminate the per
sonalities—thesp flings at a distinguish
ed gentleman at the head of a rival in
stitution.
Oovernor Budd. who had b<*en a quiet
listener until this stage of the proceed
ings. Joined in the discussion. He re
marked:
"I did not hear the particular lan
guage in Mr. Reinstein's address to
which reference is made, but if it is
true it should not be excluded from the
printed document. If it is true it
should stand and not be excluded be
cause it applies to the president of the
Stanford University. It strikes me
that regents are becoming exquisitely
sensitive all at once. I am president
of this Board of Regents and Governor
of this State, yet a communication was
sent to a professor in th<» university
and read here by the president of that
institution, in which my conduct as
chief executive was criticized because I
vetoed a forestry appropriation. I saw
no regent rise to reprimand the presi
dent of the nniversity for reflecting on
the Governor of the State and the pre
sident of the board. 1 think the Gov
ernor of California Is entitled to as
much respect as the -resident of Stan
ford University. Criticism made by
strangers on the constitution, laws and
people of the Slate may be properly re
sented."
Regent Foote mentioned that tho at
tack which Professor Hayne made on
the Governor at a recent session of the
board was Immediately resented by the
regents.
The Governor replied: "I do not re
fer to Professor Hayne. He apolo
gized in manly fashion. I refer to a
communication addressed to Professor
Hilgard which was sent here and read.
Now as regards President Jordan, I
have a very high opinion of his ability.
In my judgment ho is a great educator
who has done much for this State, and
by reflex action a great deal for our
State university."
The silence which followed th«» last
suggestion was prolonged and oppres
sive. "When it was broken the board
decided to recommend that Mr. Rein
stein revise his address. Then it was
agreed that 5000 copies should be print
ed at the expense of the printing com
mittee, which consists of Governor
P.udd and Regents Rodgers and Den
icke. Regent Hallidie offered to chip
In his share of the expense, but the
committee did not accept his offer.
During the special session Rogont
Phelps, without leaving his post of
duty as presiding officer, got a. resolu
tion adopted which fixes th^ compen
sation of Professor Schaeberlo. acting
dlr.otor of Lick Observatory from Jan
uary 1 the same as that allowed to the
director.
At the suggestion of Judge Wallace
the board invited the Chief of the Fire
! Department to inspect the Mark Hop
kins Institute and report on the dan
gers of fire.
Steps were taken to Increase the
amount of insurance on the building.
Attorney Mhonn will inform the bnard
if insurance can be legally effect •<!.
Regent John K. TJudd is anxious that
some of the professors in the service
of the State should remain at Berk
eley during the vacation period in ordf»r
to gratify rural school teachers who ;iro
craving higher education. He fancied
that some of the professors could stay
there during the summer months and
impart knowledge to the teachers. The
subject was referred to the Academic
Council.
Mysterious Disappearance.
Mrs. D'Arcy. a lodgingr-houae kfoper nt
97 r Howard strct last night Invoked the
aid of the police in finding Stephen Ket
ter, one of hpr roomers. Ketter left th««
house on January 4, and has not been
seen since.
Mrs. D'Arcy fears that something has
happened htm. He Is described as being
about 40 years of ape. five fpet eight
inches in height, and weighs about 170
pounds.
He has dark hair and a pray mustache.
When he disappeared froir ihe lodging
house he wore a gray suit of clothes and
a soft hat.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
Harris Laming, U. S. N., is at the Occi
dental.
J. L. Daprey, a ptook raiser of Winters,
is a guest at the Kuss.
Sidney Newell, a leading lawyer of
Stockton, is at the Grand.
J. Donald Payne, a larpe mining man
of Colorado, Is at the California.
D. G. Wright, a leading manufacturer
of St. Louis, is at tne Occidental.
E. C. Purcell, a Leaddl* citizen of
Omaha, is staying at the California with
his wife.
State Senator J;>rm-p MoCudden of Xapa
County is at the Baldwin with his
daughter.
Will Milestone.
assistant manag
er of the Occi
dental Hotel news
stand, is of few
years and still
fewer inches, but
he knows how to
} ASNEAKTHIEF \
* WHIPPED. !
♦ !
tnke care of himself r^nd all that belongs
to him. Yesterday bh he was attending
to the sale of papers he noticed a rather
well-dressed man of about 40 years of ape
who seemed to be taking considerable in
terest in a new rubber coat Milestone had
hanginK over the back of a chair Inside
the counter. "Will paid no further thought
to the fellow until, having occasion to go
into the office of the hotel on an errand,
he returned just in time to see the
stranger emerge from behind the counter
with the coat over his arm. Milestone
■aM never a word, hut his good right arm
shot out and his fist catching the fellow
under th»"> chin sent him down the three
steps that lead into the billiard room,
where he landed in a heap, picking hlm
nelf up Just at the right moment to re
ccivo a left and go under an adjacent bil
liard table. He crawled out and made off
as quickly as his legs would let him,
while Milestone went back to his stand
with his recovered property on his arm.
Milestone, who is very popular with the
guests of the hotel, is the son of the cap
tain of the quarantine boat.
Charles Meyer, commonly known as the
"1 Hide's Friend," is at the Palace on his
yearly trip to the coast.
C. F. Montgomery and wife ar; at the
NEW TO-DAY.
9 f
£09 *^Sp!ssiJ£& RECEPTION
MARKET -51^ M0 " No "'
lltnilU^A ;jr wg, % \ * Extracted PI AAn
-rrr-riil/jk . lil FILLED -- rLUUD
TEETH HI& -M CROWNED
QHT 1 Lit 11 1 vyr^jXS* |^ Bridgework
WITHOUT PAIN. BUILDING.
We MnvFn from the
have ItlvF V JLIU 900 block
to 809 Market St., Flood Build-
ing, cor. 4th and Market.
Owing to the .necessity of more room and better accommodations WE HAVE MOVED.
Our prices are Just the same, however. Don't make a mistake, should other dentists ad-
vertise from our old location, and go there, as there Is but one ELECTRO-DENTAL
CLINIC In this city. No students or inexperienced men to do your work. We guarantee
all work and the mast courteous treatment, with prices less than one-half given you by any
first-class dentists In the city.
PRICES:
FULL SET OF TEETH for .'..54.60 up! SILVER FILLING 25c Up
GOLD CROWNS, 22k ;. 150 up GOLD FILLING 7.ic up
BRIDGE WORK, per T00th............ 3.60 upIICLEANING TEETH We up
By leaving your order for Teeth In the morning you can get them the same day.
No charge for Extracting Teeth when plates are ordered.
Work done as well at night as by tiaylight by the modern electrical devices used here.
Lady attendant. A physician always in attendance.
• DON'T FORGET THE NUMBER— BO 9 MARKET ST., COR. FOURTH.
Office hour*— 9 a. m. to 10 p. m. : Sundays— 9 to 12 m. ■ '■'■'■ :
JDtt. TV E. STRONG-.
Occidental. Mr. Montgomery is the pro
prietor and editor of the Antioch Ledger.
R. E. Cooper, a big wool merchant of
Victoria. B. C. is visiting the city, ac
companied by Mrs. Cooper. They are
staying at the Grand.
\V. Hi Bancroft. W. S. Anderson. "R. C.
Cnlvin and "W. H. Remington, four promi
nent railroad men from Salt Lake City,
are registered at the Palace.
J. H. Gibson, a celebrated lawyer of
New York, and F. L. Richmond, who is
connected with the cable roads of Port
land, Or., are registered at the Palace.
"Life lsamlgh
ty serious matter
to the strange lit
tle peoplewho in
habit the inhos
pitable shores of
the frozen pea
;; FILIAL LOVE "
♦ IN
!! THE ARCTIC. I!
4 ♦
*••••••••••••• -which stretches
away to the northward of Bering Straits."
said an old Arctic traveler In the office of
the Occidental yesterday. "The bare ne
cessities of life are to be had only with
great difficulty, so there Is no opportun
ity to indulge in .the luxury of social
drones. The natives take a very prac
tical view of the situation, and when a
man or woman gets too ( old to be of ser
vice as a bread winner they think the
easiest way to settle the matter Is to kill '.
the useless person. The affair Is taken as i
a matter of course by all parties to the '•
transaction, Including the one to be killed.
Mr. Chuck-a-L.uck, residing at Point
Hope, after due deliberation concludes
that his parents have about reached the
end of their string and informs them of
the fact, adding that he will attend to j
their case the following Friday. He then |
sends a note to his friend at Icy Cape as ;
follows: 'Dear Friend: I have decided
to kill my beloved parents next Friday,
and will be glad to have you join the fes
tivities. Strangulation will be the meth
od employed. It is rather slow, but I de
cided to use it as I think the ensuing con
tortions will afford much amusement to j
the children who will be present.' His
friend harnesses up the dogs and drives
down, and the old people are passed on to
a better and happier life in the manner
mentioned."
Rev. Frank Thompson, chnnlain of the
navy, is registered at the California.
E. C. Apperson, a well known cattle
man of Santa Clara, is at the Lick.
B. C Carroll, a loading 1 attorney of
Stockton, is a guest at the Grand.
Captain Thomas Couch, a large mine
owner of Montana, is staying at the Pal
ace.
W. T>. Penr.ycook of Vallojo, G. M.
Francis of N:*pa and A. F. Lemour of
Pnnta Rosa, three prominent newspaper
men of the Statf. are in the city. They
are Rtaying at the Occidental.
A. R. Wise, one of the foremost citi
zens of Sacramento, Is at the California
with his wife.
Frank Kelly, a prominent merchant of
Chicago, is at the Palace, accompanied
by his family.
F. A. Boole, a big lumber man of San
er, is staying at the Grand for a few
days.
E. 8. de Goylerhan came up to tho city
from Lop Angeles. He Is at the Palace.
R. 'Rerriir. Cnmmls*i''m< : >r of Insanity,
Is rocistorod at the Lick from Napa.
John Raggln, tho owner of numerous
Htapro lines in Calnvcrns County, has
come down to the city from San Andreas
and is at the Grand.
John Bwett, the School Trustee, Is at
the Lick from Monterey.
It. 11. N*. Crossin, a well known phy
sician of San Jose, is at the California.
THE GAS QUESTION.
The Matter Brought Up Before the
Street Light Committee.
The question of the quality of gas fur
nished to the citizens of San Francisco
'■"fore the Street Light Committee
of the Board of Supervisors again yester-
day.
President Crockett of the gas company
objected to certain statements made in
the public prints regarding the quality of
gas furnished by his concern, and said
that while London gas. as had been
stated, was made from coal. it was not
nearly no powerful as the gas furnished
to San Francisco, and that the ratepayers
of this city demand a high-power illu
minant.
It was decided to take the matter up
again next week, and in the meantime
tests of the gas will be arranged for.
Park; Music.
The following programme will be ren
dered by the Park band to-day: Over
ture, "Fra Diavolo" (Auber) ; waltz. "Xl
Capltan" (Sousa); airs from "Tho Mas
cot" (Audran); "Schubert's Serenade"
(Si'hubtrrt). William Forner; fantasia,
"The Ooldbeetles' Soiree" (KHng); over
ture, "William Tell" (Rossini); piccolo
solo, "Fantasia" (Briccialdi>: "The Cele
brated Mlnuett" (Paderewaki); descrip
tive piece, "A Hunt in the Black Forest"'
(Voelker); "Flirtation March" (A. O.
Duncan).
More BlaoKets Needed.
Dr. SussdorfT, superintendent of the
Jity and County Hospital, has appealed
to the Board of Health for a larger
supply of blankets for the uso of the pa
tionts in his institution. He says that
during the recent cold snap there has
been much FunVrinK amonj? the patients
because of tho lack of adequate covering,
Uld thiit MO pnirs of blankets, as
well as other bod coverings, nre needed
at once. The matter will be called to the
attention of the Board of Health at its
next meeting.
NEW TO-DAY.
BLACK DRESS GOODS!
Special January Reduction Sale
On Monday, January 17, we place on sale the
following numbers of new and seasonable BLACK
GOODS at astonishingly low prices.
J±t sOc Yard
54 pieces ALL-WOOL TWINE SUITING AND CHEVIOTS
Good Value for $1 Yard.
J±t 75c Ystrd.
25 pieces 46-INCH PIEROLLA CLOTH,
Good Value for $1.25 Yard.
J±t $1.50 Yard.
18 pieces NOVELTY CREPON,
Worth $2 Yard.
45 HIGH-GRADE NOVELTY SUITS, formerly $3O & $35,
Reduced to $20 and $22.50.
500 REMNANTS, 2 to 6 yards, at HALF PRICE.
COUNTRY ORDERS SOLICITED.
CITY OF PARIS DRY GOODS COMPANY,
SE. Corner Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F.,
UNION SQUARE.
THE ENGLISH AND GERMAN
EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
731 MARKET ST.,
Are the acknowledged friends of the afflicted end the
relentless foes of Catarrh, Consumption and
all Chronic Diseases.
ESTABLISHED TWENTY-FIVE YEARS— A LONG
RECORD OF MARVELOUS CURES.
Staff of the English and German Expert
Specialists.
Incorporated under the laws of California for
Two Hundred and Fifty Thousand Dollars.
(Tv r You can intrust your case In the hands
of the English and German Expert Specialists
| with the assurance that they will do all for
j you that can he done by human skill. •
j E7" The combined knowledge and experience
of five graduated doctors who have b»en actu-
j ally engaged in the practice of medicine from
: ten to twenty-five years is of untold value to
! the afflicted.
! IT?" This all-important service is guaranteed
t"> those who peek the superior treatment and
: remedies of the English and German Expert
i Specialists, without any extra charge.
CfITARRH $5 f\ MONTH.
No Other Charge. All Medicines Free.
BOOK FOR WOMEN Sent Free and
BOOK FOR MEN Sealed by Mail.
Sufferers who cannot pee the doctors, in per-
son should write for symptom blanks.
CONSULTATION AND ADVICE Always
Free at Office or by Mail.
Correspondence solicited. All letters confi-
dential. No printing on our envelopes.
THE ENGLISH AMD GEHMAH~EXPERT SPECIALISTS,
73IMARKET STREET.
Hours— Evanlngs, 7-S; Sundays, 9-11.
EAILKOAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 13:35.
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
■ at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:58
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:30. 11:00 a, m.; 1:30, 3:39
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
BAN RAFAEL TO SA_* FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— «:IO. 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m.;
12:45. 3:40, 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— trip*
at 1:55 p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40. 11:10 a. m. 1:40. 3:46.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and SchuetMn Park
same schedule as above.
Leave in effect Arrive
San Francisco. Oct 24, San Franclsca
Week | Sun- Tv-.^Uinn i Sun- ! Week
Days. ! days. Destination day 9. | daya .
7:30 a.m. 8:00 a.m. | 'Novato. 10:40 a.m. S:4oa.m.
3:30 p.m. : 9:80 a.m. I Petaluma. 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. I ":3op.m.| 6:28 p.m.
~ ~ I Fulton.
7:30 a.m. ! Windsor. j 10:25 a.m.
Healdsburg,
Lytton.
Geyberviile,
8:30 p.m. 8:00a.m. I Cloverdale. j 7:35 p.m. «:23r>.m. .
j lHopland and i
7 :80 a.m. 11 8 :00a.m. I Uk.lah. | 7:35p.t5. <l:Wp.m.
7:a)a.mTj 1 1 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllle. 7 :35 p.m. i
8:80 p.m. I I . ( »:»p.m.
7 :30a.m. 8 :00 a.m. Sonoma |10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
and
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Ellen. | 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7 :30 a.m. 18 :00a.m.l c-haatr^nol |10:40a.m.;i0:25a.mT
S :3op.m. |s :oop.m. 1 aepaatcpoi. [ 7:35 p -m- | T:.-.'p.m.
■ Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs: at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Clov«rdale for the Geysers s at Hopland for
Highland Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Si. ings, Saratoga S»Jiin^<j, B!u» Lakea.
Laurel Dell I.akc. Upper Lake, Porno. Potter
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Llerley's Buck-
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
cell's, Sanhedrln Heights. HullvUle, BooneviUe.
Orr's Hot Springs, ' Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal.
- Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all polnti
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcla
building.
A. W. FOSTER. R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. >Agt.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From Ban Francisco. Commencing September
19, ISM.
WEEK DAYS. >i." ■* *v
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »9:30.
11:30 a. m. ; *1:45. 3:45. *S:l5, 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. *10:00,
•11:30 a. m. »1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS.
1:16 a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fol
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco ■ Commencing Nov.
13. 1897.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. ; 1:45 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:15 p. m.
Special trips can be arranged to:- by applying
to THOS. COOK & SON. 621 Market St.. San
Francisco, or telephoning Tavern o£ Tamalpala.
BAJXBOAD TRAVEL.
HOITUKKN I-At'IFJU lOMPAST.
(PACIFIC SYSTEM.)
Trnlna it'n«i> ixntl i»r«' clu«> to Arrive at
san rKAN«:iJ«:o.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
leave — Fk.'.m January I. 1393. — ARRIYK
""•6:00a, Niles, Sau Jose and Way Stationa... »8:43 a.
7:00 a. Uor.taa, Suisun and Sacramento. . . . 10:45 a
7:OOa Marysville, Orotilleaud Redding via
Woodland 5«45p
7:00 a VacavUio and Runesey 8:43 p
7:30 a Martinez, SanUumon.Vallejo. Kapa,
Calistoga and Santa Ilosa 0:1 5p
»;OOa Atlantic Expreaa, Ogilen and l'Ust... 8:43p
• :HUa Xiles, Sun .lose, .StocHou, lone,
Sacramento, Maryaville, Cliico,
TehunaandßedliluiT ■*«!»?
•StSOA Peters, Milton and Oakdlle »7:15p
OiO«»a New Orleans JOxprecs, Merced, Ray-
mond, KreaiKi, liakersllolil, Santa
Barbara, !,->s Angeles, Deming,
El Paso. New Orleans and East. 6«4»F
9:00 a. Vall.jo, Martinez. .Merced and
Fresno l«:13p
•l:OOr Sacramento liiver Steanieni »U:<»Op
l:OOr NUe», San Joso acd Way Stations.. JB:I3a
I>3op Martinez and Way Stations 7:45p
X:O0r Lireimore, JUendota, Hanford and
Visalla 4:15p
LiTermore, San Jose, Nile* »nd Way
Stations J10:10a
•iiftOi- Martinez, San lUmon, Vullojo,
Nam, Calistoga, 1.1 Vcrauo and
S»iit:i Vtom »iI3 A
*:•»!■ Benicia, Vacavillo, Woo ill and,
,r-;c Kuighta L;:ii-iii:g, MaryaviUe, '>!■>-
tlllo and .Sucrmneiito 10:43 a
4t3op NUes, San Joae, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:15p
4:30p LatUrop, Modesto, Merced, Barendav
Fresno, Mcjavo (for Rai;daburg),
Santa Barbara and I.ns An,.ies. . 7:4.1 a
4:»op Santa Xi- Jionte, Atlanta l'^xprosa
forMojtiTu and K»st 6:43
«[s:3op '■ Suuset Limited." Los Angeles El
Taso, Fort Worth, Little Itock, St.
Lcuis, Chicago and Bast §1O:15a.
«irji3wp " Saosct Limited Annex," El Paso.
New Orleans and Eatt §I0:I3a,
6:0« - Kurupean Mail, (>b l( ii and I kat.... tt:4^A
6:W»r H:iyr. .,1.1,., Nili-siind KanJoße 7:45 a
JS:O«i'Yallejo t~:43p
S:O«>i' Ort-Kon I:xi>ip.ss, Hiicr«ineut.i>, Marys-
vilio. Iteildine, Portland, L'lttfel
| S.iiiii.l and r::.st 8:1 « A
SAM 1.1.A.M)1i() AMI lIAVU.VKUS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1*6:00.0 f 7?lbA
H:»»k Melrose. Seminary Park, t»»:l.'iA
loJSUa K1tc1,...,r,. Elmliont, $&&
■ I1:OOa San lifan<!i-», South San 12:45p
JI8:0 .°. M I^andro, Kstudillo, |Jjt»?
iaVob'p I Lorenzo, Cherry ■< t1:4.~»p
4:00p , (.>:ir>p
5:00p I »» d O:l.}p
Bi3op | llayuiirils. 7:43p
7:»Op I i } »:4rii.
8:OOp i-Runsi -Runs through to Niles. ,R : i^ r
0:00p 1 , From Niles I0:50p
ttll:l3p.) tllromJ " les - 1 ttia:OOP
COAST I>IYI*ION (Surroir (Jangc):
(Foot of Market Street.)
■ :13a Newark, Cfiitev\ill«,Mnn.l()Bo,l'el ton,
JJonldcr Creek, Cruz and Way
Stations si»«p
•»»S3r Newark, Ctnitcrtllle, San .lose, New
Alniadeii, Felton, UouUler Creek,
Santa (Ana i.nd Principal Way
Stations M©:so*
4!l3i' Newark, San .lose and Los Gatos... - 0:20 a
■ fll>4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
I ■ Way SUtions ;7;gQp
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Tna SAS mNCISCO— foot of Market Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. 1:00 "2:00 J3:O!J
•1:00 t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
' Tnm 04SLISD— Foot Brßro»d*aj.— "6:oo "8:00 10:00a.U.
U2--00 «1:QO t2:00 «3:00 ti:CO -3.C3i'.m.
CO A Sl' VISION (BroaiMiauge).
| (Tliird nnd Townsend Sts.) .
G:ssa Han Jose ami Way Stations (New
Alniadeii Wednesdays only) 6«53a
9iooa San Jose, 'I'rt « l'iims, Suuta- Cruz,
Pacilic (iiove. Paso Itobles, Sau
Ltiln OUlipo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way S! iil.ii. 1,3 4:15p
I«:4O.\ San Jose and Way Stations ««*:«)0a
I1:»Oa San Jose and Way Stations S:a3A
*2:3orSan Mateo, Redwood, Meulo Park,
Santa Clara, San Jose, Oilroy,
Hollister, .Smita Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami Pncilic (ir0ve...... «IO:4O\
•»xlsp San Jose and Principal Way Stations *9:OO A
•4:lsi> San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:45*
*3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations l:SOp
5:30r San Jose and Principal Way Stations fS:3Op
6:30p San Jose and Way Stations 7:2«p
t11:45p San Joseimd Way Stations 7:20p
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Sundays excepteil. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only,
ft Monday. Thursday ami Saturday nights oulj.
% Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wednesdays and Saturdays.
H^SiWaS&j CALIFORNIA*
LIMITED.
S^fjjffifl SAN FRANCISCO
jWTWiJMBJI CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at .Market-
street Ferry.
San Francisco Ticket Office — Market st..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 2ol J st.
The Best Railway— San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.?0 p. m.,
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louis 7:o*
a. m. Fridays and Mondays: arrive Chicago
b:43 a. m.. Fridays and Mondays.
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars auJ Pullman Palaes
Sleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passenger*
only, but no extra charge Is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRESS, leaving dally at
4:30 p. m., carries Pullraan Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cira on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas City
for all points East.
New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that interests by its varied and
beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
nous dining-rooms. .
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQULN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
1 From September 10. 1897, trains will rua as
follows: -
Southbound. j •. Northbound ,~
Passcn- 'Mixed «*.,.<„„„ i Mixed I Passen-
ger Sunday tatlon3 - Sunday per
Dally. Exe'p'td; ;—; — ] Exe'p'td' Daily.
j 7:20 a.m. j 9:00 a.m. Stockton' 3:45 p.m. | 5:40 p.m.
a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:60 p.m. [■ 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. 3:50 p.m. Fresno } J:iB)a.nM 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m.iHanford | .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m. 6:45 p.m. Visalia | 6:10 a.m.! 12:40 p.m.
Stopping at Intermediate po Inta when required.
i "Connections— At Stockton with steamboats o£
C. N. & I. Co., leaving San . Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Merced wltU
stages to and from Sneillngs, Coulter etc. ;
also with stage from Hornltos, Marlposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madert*
dera.
1112
SAN FRAISCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streeti, open
until 12 o'clock evt ry nlsht in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— L 27 Montgomery street.
corner Clny; open until 9:30 o'clock.
339 Hayes street; open until 9.30 o'clock.
gU McAllister street ; open until 9:80 p. ts.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets;
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
2SIS Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
XW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
GRACE M. E. Church, corner Twenty-first and
Capp streets— J. N. Heard, D.l>., pastor.
Preaching at 11 a. m. by the pastor: Sunday
school at 12:45 p. m. ; class and consecration
meeting at 6:3" p. m.. James Renwlck.
leader: preaching by the pastor at 7:30 i> m.
All are cordially invited Beats free. Regu-
lar midweek prayer-meeting Wednesday, at
7:30 p in.
FIRST Baptist Church, E'l<!y St., near Jones—
Preaching at 11 a m. and 7::S" p. m. by E. A.
Is, D-D, Morning (subject, -one Man
With T\\ N .: ' in the evening l»r.
\it the (Kth in a oours> of
Subject: "Is lufldelity a
Succee - nday-school at 12:30 p. m.
Chrtw ivor meetings at fi:3o p. m.
Salili Pixley Hall, at 9.30
l m. Washington-square Sunday-school.
Union st., at 9:30 a. m. Bethesda Bnnaay-
echool. Howiir.i st . at 3 p. m. Midweek
prayer and praise service, Wednesday, at 7:45
p. m.
PLYMOUTH Congregational church. Post st.,
near Webster Services to-day at 11 a. m.
and 7:30 p. m. Sunday-school at 9:30 a. m.
Rev. F. n. Cherington, PI)., pastor, will
preach morning and evening. Subject In
morning, "Sacredness or t-ommon Life." In
the evening the first In the following series
of sermons to young people: January 16,
"Solomon, the young man with advantages";
January 23. "Esther, the young woman with
advantages": January SO, "Timothy, the
young man with' mt a>lvantacs" , February
6, "Ruth, the young woman without advan-
tages." The public cordially invited.
FIRST Congregational Church, corner of Post
and Mason str.'- - teorgS C Adams.
D.D., pastor. w:\: preach morning and even-
ing. Morning service, ll o'clock; theme, "Im-
mortality;" evening service. 7:30 o'clock,
theme. Rejol c, O Young Man" (a sermon
■jng mcn>. This pastor's bible clnss md
after morning ser-
vice; Y. }'. S. '". i: . (80 p. m. Samuel I>.
Mayer, organist and choir mister.
CALVARY Presbyterian Church, cor. G.'ary
and Powell sts -Rev. John Hemphlll, D.D.,
■ Services at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
p. in . "" 'hrist, the heaior of Moral
.«.?s." Music n in.. "Festival Te
Deum," William R. ''hatiman: "Offertory."
contralto solo. Mrs. Sedgley Reynolds. Music
p. m., "Juhiiate Pen" < T » ». Gerrlsh; "Offer-
tory." o: Sweetly Breathe the Lyres Above."
Rowe Shelley, soprano solo and quartet. All
are cordially Invited.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, cor. Van Ness
aye. and Sacrami - Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie. D.D., pastor: Rer. Edwin H. Jenks.
Co-pastor Dr. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. m. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m.
Sunday-school at 12:4". p. m. Y. P. s. c E.
Bt 6:15 p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday
at 1 p. m. All are welcome.
SIMPSON Men; rial Methodist Episcopal
Church, ccrr.er Hayes and Buchanan sts -
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence, 3W>
Haipht st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:30
p. m. Rev. W. W. Ca.«e, D.D., will preach
:n the morning. Topic of pastor's t-r-rmon in
the evening, 'The Miracles of Christ Sur-
Sunday school at 12:30 p. m. C. B.
Perkins, superintendent. Epworth League
meeting at 6:3n p. m. Prayer meeting.
!->sday evening at 7:4;. o'clock. The public
cordially invited to all the services of this
ch.ir-h S»ats free. Ushers in att-r.dance.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st.. between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles E 'ward Locke, pastor, will preach.
Class meeting at S:3O and 12:10. Morning ser-
mon at 11 o'clock. Subject, "Cast Thy Hread
Upon the Waters." Evening subject, at 7:30,
"The - for •;■ .i. ' followed by evan-
gellstV servii es. Sunday school at i p. m.
Mr. Roila V. Watt, superintendent. Chris-
tian Endeavor Societies at 8:16. All seats
free. This Is a people's church. Cordial In-
vitatlona cxi ,il!. Revival services
every evening this week except Saturday,
conducted by the pastor, and each afternoon
ex^e; ' M : la] and Saturday.
THE Rev. Dr B. S. Crybr of Wes'tmlnster
Presbyterian church will conduct the usual
weekly services of the Mission to Israel So-
ciety in Cambrian Hall. 1133 Mission st.. bet.
nth and Eiirhth. on Tuesday. 18th inst.,
at 7:45 p. m. The public are cordially in-
vited. Seats free.
FIRST New Jerusalem Church fSwedenbor-
gian). O'Farrell si., bet. Wetisier and Fill-
more— The pastor. Rev. D. V. Howen, will
preach at 11 a. m. Subject, "Re of Good
Cheer." No evening service. Sabbath-school
at 10 a. m. All seats free and lli^ public
cordially invited. Free Swedenbori;ian libra-
ry. Reading meeting every Tuesday evening
at 7:45 p. m.
FIRST Church of Christ. Scientist, i
k, 223 Sutter St., bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible less ins; sub-
ject. "Beginning of Jesus' Public Ministry of
Preaching and Healing." Sunday-school for
-hildren at the same hour. "Science and
Health" study Thursday at 8 p. m. All are
welcome.
THE Second Unitarian Church, cor. Twei
and Capp sts— A. J. Wells, pastor. Mr.
Wells will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m.
Seats are free Sunday-school at 5:45 a. m.
Unity Club Tuesday at S p. m. Entrance on
Capp st. Pastor's residence, 524 Valencia st.
[ATION Auditorium. Mason and Ellis
Ets — Grand union mass-meeting to-day (Sun-
day) at 3 o'clock. Address by Mr. rt. C.
Morgan, editor of the London Christian.
Purl"'-!, "The Story Of a Specialist." Special
music, in which the Ladles' Junior quartet of
the First Baptist Church will assist. Seats
free and all are invited to attend, both men
an 1 women. Next Inesday evening Dr.
Kummer will give an illustrated lecture on
"Th« Greatest City of the World," which is
pure to be of much Interest.
MR. R. C. MORGAN, editor of the "Chris-
tian." of London. England, will preach In
Gospe! Hall. 16 Mason st., on Tuesday even-
Ing at 8 o'clock. Don't fail to hear him.
Revival services in the same hall every night.
All are welcome.
Profess. >i: ): r. Lloyd win preach this
Sunday! ever.inir. at th.- Cambrian Hall, at
o'clock. The Eryrl quartet will render
son:e sacred music pot up specially for the
occasion. All are invlt.-d.
BAN FRANCISCO Theosophical Society, 819
Market rt. Lecture to-night. "A Law-gov-
erned Universe," by Dr. Anderson. Subject
Tuesday nUht. "The Doctrine of the Heart."
THB Theoßi phical B --iety— Free public lecture
every Sunday r-vrnlne nt 8 o'clock in Portola
Kail. Native Sons' building. 414 Mason streft.
To-nieht, . Knowledge.*' by C P.
NeOaon. Lodge meftin^s every Wednesday
evening. Class for beginners every Thursday
at 3 p. m.
SINOAV MEIVriXJS.
SOCIETY Progressive Spiritualists, El Dorado
Hall, Alcazar building, O'Farrell Bt.. near
Powell— Sunday evening, January 16. Song
itvipc. 7.30 sharp. Mrs. It. 8. Llllie of Bos-
*on will lecture and Mrs. J. J. Whitney will
answer written questions and give spirit
messaecp. Admission, !■'< cents.
DR. COONLEY, Blate writer and clairvoyant;
stance to-night. 90S Market; phenomena
ppirit ph'tographs on your own handker-
chief; wonderful music; tests in clairvoy-
ance. 2.-.c.
OAKLAND Psychical Society. FYaternal Hall
\\'nshlngton St.. 7:30; Mme. Florence Mon-
tague will anßwer written and mental ques-
tions; also read psychometrically.
TFPT developing circle. 2 p m. an< s g p m .
test meeting. If>c. (Q McAllister st. Stltts
Nita, Mrs Evans, Meakln, Hargrave, Han-
non and others.
DR. RINES- spiritual society. 909 Market if
11, free; 2 and S p. m . l"c; Mrs. fiealoy Rats
Heusmann. Dr. Carpenter. Dr. Hanson. Dr
?f)l Arlington st.
THOSE Interested in the Thomas Payne me-
morial call 125 Oak st. Monday evening
January 17.
SOCIALIST meetings. Sunday evening* Pyth-
ian Hail, '.">'.< Market »t. Free lecture- free
debate.
AT 122% Oak st., every Saturday evening
■ MRS. COLBY holds' a circle; sittings dally
M.Mi: YOUNG'S test circle to-night. 10c; con-
vincing test. 605 McAllister; fine music.
MRS.' ELSIE REYNOLDS. materializing
, teance Sunday evening. 227 Sixth st.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN. test medium, gives
ings daily at 320 McAllister st.
NICELY furnished flat of 4 rooms; $100 cash
required. 402! i Geary st.
997 MARKET. 6 p. m.. grand spiritual seance"
mi-:-- WREXX: fr>--.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Union Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company. 222 Market St.. San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY. January 25. 1898. at 11:30
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such othe?
business as may come before the meeting. '
J. OB. GUNN, Secretary.
Office. 222 Market st.. San Francisco, Cal.
January +3. IS«S. ; ■
DIVIDEND. NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 51 (forty cents per share), of
the Hutchlnscm Sugar Plantation Co.. will be
payable at the office or the company, 327
Market St., on and after THURSDAY, Jan-
uary 20, 1898. Transfer booHs will close on
Friday, January 14, 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m
E. H. SHELDON. BecreW. J
Mll.llM. NOTICES.
K. R. B. attention— Business of the JT j^
utmost importance WEDNESDAY B \^7y'
EVENING, 19th inst. » ~*A
PRESIDENT. C^aa
"A NICHT Wl" Burns"— The St. . ws.
Andrew's Society will give an en- CJV KM V
tertalnment and dance in honor XjjvXvjt
of the 139 th anniversary of the birth •*-*«*
of "Scotland's bard." ROBERT BURNS, in
Scottish. Hall. 105 Larkin st . TUESDAY
EVENING, January 25. Songs, readings,
etc., from the works of the poet by first-
class artists. A eulogy on Barns by one of
San Francisco's well known speakers.
JAMES S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BAJ LINO ILL. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be held at the office of the com-
pany, 327 Market St., San Francisco, Cal..
on Friday, the 21st day of January. UM, at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose
of electing a board of directors to serve for
the ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will close on MONDAY,
January 10. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. 11 SHELDON. Secretary.
DUTCH Mining and Milling Company— The
regular annual meeting of the stockholders
of the Dutch Mining and Milling Company
will be held at the office of th'« company,
which office is now temporarily situate at
No. 319 California street. City and County of
San Francisco, State of California, on MON-
DAY, the 17th day of January, ISSS, at the
hour of two o'clock p. m. or. said day for the
purpose of electing a board of directors for
the ensuing year, and also for the transaction
of such other business as may be brought be-
fore the meeting. Transfer books close Tues-
day. January nth. 1898. at 3 o'clock p. m.
GEORGE! W. GERHARD. Secretary.
Dated San Francisco. January 6th. 1898.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Sansome St., room 15,
San Francisco, at S o'clock on THURSDAY,
January 20, 1898, to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such other business as may coma before
the meeting. J. C. WINANS. Secy.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out remnants of curtains,
dress goods, shoes, corsets, hosiery, under-
wear, bedspreads, towels, laces. linings,
trimming, veilings, etc., very cheap at Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
MRS. DR. FISH, rm. 3. IMA Grant aye.: elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths: unrivaled.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24. Flood build-
Ing, cor. Fourth st.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the in-
stitution on HalKht st. from July 1. 1597. to
Jan. 1. 189S: Rachel Crossley. 12 years; Neva
Crossley. 10 years: Eva Crossley, 2 years;
Etta Llthgow. 13 years: Sophie Bemler. 13'«.
years: Emma Shnebrldge. 11 years: Emellne
Burket. 5 years: Hilda Burket. 2 years: Lou-
Isa Pott?. 7 years: Minnie Potts. 4 years: Jes-
sie Potts. 3 years.; Delma Cottrell, 8 years:
Lillie Borkman. 7 years: Annie Peterson, 13
years; Mabel Peterson, 3 years; Frank Mc-
i Kean. 2 years: Edward Burket, 9 years; Fred-
: crick Berket, 8 years; Carl F. Berg, 11
i years; David Cottrell, 10 years; George Bock-
' man. S years; Albert H. Smith, 4 years.
ABANDONED children in St. Josephs Infant
Asylum from July 1, ISS6. to December 31.
1597: John Carey. 4 years; Frank Carey, 5
years; August Collins, 3 years: Walt'r Con-
nolly, 4 years: Eddie Fallon. f. years; Alice
Fallon. 3 years; Josle Stack. 5 years; Mary
Stack. 3 years; John Sullivan, 5 years; Frank
Sullivan. S years: Edith Gallagher, h yearn;
Hell Gallagher, 4 yean
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st..*room 6; te!. 5580.
MME. HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and j
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 50 up.
239 Third St.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary St.. room 11.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic massage
treatments; alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
FOR Double-end boat, 24x5:6; all com-
plete: $7.",. MRS. VOGEL. 110S Kentucky st.,
near Eighteenth.
SITUATIONS WANTKO— KKMAL.B.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress and
chambermaid desires situation: good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sinter st.
YOUNG lady, graduate of the Commercial !
Section of the Mission High School (also
perfectly acquainted with the German lan-
guage), desires position In office. Address
641 Dolores st.
FIRST- seamstress desires position In
family; good cutter and fitter; no objection
to country. Address box 579, Call office.
GIRL wants a position for general housework.
! Call or address 3363 Twenty-sixth st. MR.
; HUNT.
WANTED— Gentlemen's washing and mend-
ing nicely done. 519 Eddy Bt.
| YOUNG Spanish lady would like a situation
to do second work. Inquire at 1036 Pacific.
YOUNG lady. Industrious and economical,
would like situation as managing house-
; keeper; best of references. C. box CO, Call.
REFINED lady with girl of 12. desires position
as housekeeper, or will try anything honest.
| Address or call, MRS. D.. 1133 Mission st.
WANTED— House or chamber work In return
for room rent. Address box 608. Call office.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home. Box 611. Call.
YOUNG woman wants work a few hours a
day; house work or chamber- work. Address
box 604, Call.
1 ELDERLY American woman wants a situa-
tion; is a good plain cook; city or country.
Call or address W/k Seventh st.
COMPETENT woman wishes work by the day.
810 OTarrell st.
COMPETENT woman with girl 7 years old
wants eteady place; take full charge of
house; cook for men; references. Call at
Brooklyn Hotel.
! SCANDINAVIAN widow, speaks English, has
two small children, desires situation In small
family; nominal wages only If good home.
! Box 368, Call office. .
WANTED— By an American woman, work 1b
B small family; a good home more an object
than large wages. Address Box 595, Call.
YOUNG German woman wants work I
day at washing and housecleaning. 73i Na-
toma st., rear.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do
general housework or as housekeeper- good
plain cook. MRS. JANNTCH, 72i* Natuma St..
t.rar Ninth St.
WANTED— By an American woman, UK- H,
position a* housekeeper. Address MRS p:
A. KNAPP, Oakland Postoffioe.
COMPETENT Kir! wishes situation to do cook-
Ing or general housework; no postal. 5
Ewing Place, off Laguna, between Sutter
and Post.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In families to sew;
75c per day. 121 Shotwell Ft., off Sixteenth.
SWEDISH girl wishes position as cook; city!
or country. Address box fios. Call office.
COMPETENT Swedish girl desire Htnatton to
do cooking and housework in American fam-
ily; wages $25. Call Monday, Ul McAllister.
MIDDLE-AGED lady and daughte7~l7>. to-
gether, wl?h positions on ranch. Apply or
address 3.".« Third St.. upstairs
HOUSEWORK Of any kind by the dny; flrst-
elass laundress; by day or month; references.
1».7 Larkln st.
CAPABUB woman wants work either by the
<!:■>• or week, o r will take home g<nllemen - s
washing. Apply 6 McCormlck place, bet
Larkin and Hyde «ts.
BY an experienced, teacher, position as visit-
ing teacher from ft until 2; English and
music; best of references In both. Address
Teacher. t2l Capp st.
YOUNG lady desires position as cashier or
companion to elderly lauy; references. Ad-
dress box 670, Call office.
AS companion and assist in household dntiei
by refined English woman; husband going to
Alaska; salary not so much object .'is ■■ im-
portable home. A. L., box 567. Call office.
WANTED— By middle-aged woman, a nltua-
tion to do light housekeeping; no washing
and no children; good plain cook; wages 110
Ad lress box 575, Call office.
SWEDISH girl wants situation to do gnneral
housework. Please call at 3 Pfelffer St., bet.
Dupont and Stockton, Francisco and < 'hestnut.
WANTED— By reliable woman, general work
In family; good cook and laundress. Please
call IHttj Market st . near Ninth.
TOT7NG English lndy wishes situation as
housekeeper; city or country. Address 1020
Market St., room 10.
RKSPBCTABUE rlrl desire* situation '"to do
j-nnoral housework and cooking-; no postals
Apply 3Or>6 Twenty-fifth st., near Harrison.
YOUNG woman wants full charm of invalid
or infant. Call at 2gQ5 Sixteenth.
WANTED— Position as cash or counter girl
Apply 2010 Central aye.
YOUNG woman of refinement and education
wishes position as companion to elderly or
Invalid lady, or as companion-governess to
delicate child. Address box =.«(!. Call office.
j RESPECTABLE Swedish w^na^ w~ith o^i
child would like a Fituation in small family.
Please cat! Nt Potrero. :.23 Conn.- t: -ut st. "
SIT( ATION wanted by a competent woman to
take care of an Invalid: ran furnish good
references. Apply at 1218 Mission st
EXPERIENCED French girl wishes situation:
flrst-claas cook or housekeeper; city or
k country; best references. 1378 Bacrameato.
TIIE SAX FRANCISCO CAIX, BUKDAY, JA^sTAEY 16, 1898
SITI'AI »IS'S XV BTTED— Con tinned.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
nituntion as housekeeper; city or short dis-
tanco in country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 A
Eddy St.
YOUNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
Bl MONTGOMERY, cor Ciay^Open until 9:10
o'clock; branch offlce of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
UTVATIOJU WANTED- MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years: help;
tel. Wain 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 040 Clay st.
JAPANESE employment offlce; work day, hour
or evening. 122% O'Farrell st. ; tel. Davis 605.
CHINESK and Japanese Employment office;
best help. 414H OFarrell. Tel E. 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Offlce —
Best help. 30 Geary st. Tel. Grant 56.
HI'NTER & CO.. Chinese tn<l Jnpanese emp.
Offlee «M% California St.; taL Main «1.
YOUNG man (Krigllsh) wants Fituatton on
gentleman's coantry place; care of horse. OOW
and garden and generally useful; references.
H i Call offlce.
HOTEL clerk; fine appearance height six feet;
will accept any position with chance for ad-
•m. Tit on merit. Address box "V 2." V 2. Call.
GARDENER— A Brst-claas gardener, with gond
references, wishes a steady situation. Ad-
dress Gardener, Ih.x BM, Call office.
GERMAN, har.l worker. handy with tools,
wishes work of any kind; good references;
low wages. Box 598, Call office.
GARIiENER— Young man. employed In pri-
vate family, wishes to make change end of
month. Box 14. Call offlce.
CARPENTER; good mechanic; good Jobber;
work $1 60 per day; must have work. Ad-
dress 40S Gough st.
BAKER on cake and bread; country prefer-
red. New Atlantic Hotel. 209 Montgomery
Rye.
YOUNG man Just from the East wants posi-
tion of any kind. Address box 588. Call offlc«.
S -Graduate I'liila. College Of Ph.; M;
single; Germ.: seeks posit, as mangr >>r
preset lp. clerk: best of ret. Bos ML Call.
I want good commission for Australia;
smart hustl-r and well known there manu-
facturers answer quick. )fox fi'«i. Call office.
YOUNG man of ability wants employment for
board anil small salary: is ;i practical book-
keeper; will accept any employment; gr>od
references. Boa IS7, Berkeley.
YOUNG boy U yean old would like to work.
ise call at 211 Minna st.. downstairs.
YOUNG man. graduate of business college, d<»-
- situation in an office ..r store; under-
stands li« kkieping: fair penman. sjn-aks
Italian. M. MAGGINL Preacott House
EXPERIENCED business man with horse and
buggy wants position with wholesale house
In Alameda County: small salary and com-
mission: best of references. S., box 9, Call
Office. Oakland. j
MAN thoroughly experienced In general mer-
chandise, hotel and liquor business, ordi-
nary bookkeeper, wants salaried position In
Alaska. P. H. S . 435 Thirteenth st.
YOUNG man with some command of stenog-
raphy would like employment, not to con-
flict with evening school; salary nominal.
Address R.. 1123 Sutter st.
WANTED— By lumber salesman and yardman,
situation in country yard or sawmill: Cali-
fornia references. J. C. GIBSON. 126 Ellis st.
YOUNG Frenchman wishes position on French
newspaper: is expert compositor. Address
E. A., 7 John st.
SITUATION wanted by practical man as fore-
man, vineyard and general farm work. Box
571, Call Office.
YOUNG man wants work of any kind: handy
with tools; experience In plumbing. E. A.
NIELS* . CSO'i Minna st.
SITUATION wanted— Job compositor or fore-
man printing office; competent: 16 years' ex-
perience: city or country. W. B. POWELL,
care Occidental Hotel, city.
BOILER maker with first-class references: also
blacksmith capable of tempering all kinds of
tools, wishes position In mines; any place.
Box ECt Call office.
GARDENER; single: thoroughly competent In
all branches gardening and greenhouse work.
first-class references; would like position
with private family. Box 553. Call office.
JAPANESE first-class butler wants place In
city or country: best reference. Address HO
YOSHIKADO. 121 Halght st.
FIRST-CLASS waiter, Japanese, wants place
In city or country; best reference. Address
K. HASHINO. 121 Halght st.
YOUNG married man of good habits, refer-
ences, desires position: good around horses;
not afraid of work: In private family or any-
where. Box C2O. Call.
839 HAVES ST.-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third eC, near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 60 per night:
13 60 to |B per week; convenient and respect-
able: free bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamond*. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
FEMALE lIEL.F WASTED.
WAITRESS, south. $20; waitress, country ho-
tel, north, $22 M); waitress. Fresno, $20; 2
waitresses, same country hotel, $20: 4 res-
; taurant waitresses, city. $3; 2 chambermaids
and wilt. $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
LADIES to address envelopes, circulars and
write for us nt home. Reply with self-ad-
dressed stamped envelope. Peerless Co., South
Bend, Ind.
10 YOUNG women who live home for light
work, $10 a month and board; call early
Monday. C. R. HANSEN * CO.. in& Geary.
2 EXPERIENCED Ironers for first-class hotel
laundry, south: reduced fare: $25 and found.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. ICS Geary St.
WOMAN with a child to go to Nevada on
ranch, see party here; cook, private family,
country, $25; lady speaking North German as
companion to lady, country; wom^n and glrla
for housework, country. MI'RRAT &
READY, leading emp lfc'ts.. Ot-tM <'lay St.
GOOD plain cook and general housework in
small family: Prot.-stant preferred; see lady
hen? Monday morning. MISS CIXL.E.V, BB
Suiter Bt.
WANTED— Lady readers to tell us what Is the
longest verse in the UIMe. If you can tell us
In what chapter It Is we will give you a
prize of Hot. If more than one pel sun nn-
■ correctly, we win divido cash squally.
With your answer send 10 cunts for our new
library of 12 complete \» u i<n. a grand prize i n
th«mse]ves. Address K'-ystone Book Co
111! Area st., Philadelphia. Pa.
WAX" ' r.-llahle girl for second work;
small family; suburb. Address box Rt, Call.
NURSES call and register. San Francisco
Nurses' Directory. Bush st.
EXPERIENCED drapery sewers wanted. Ad-
dr.-ss box EM, Call office.
WANTED— Apprentice by Mme. Carolyna Pur-
cell. ]«30 Howard St.
WANTED— Competent girl for general house-
work. German preferred. Address 2126 Brod-
erick st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; steady work,
gOI •! wages. Ml Mission Bt.
COMPETENT girl: cooking and general house-
vork: small family: references. Apply 9 to
12 a. m. SR. cor Franklin and Gearv sts.
COMPETENT girl: general housework; S
n.i'iltr; JIT.; Monday. 9 to 12; references re-
qulred. v\2 Bcott st.
QERMAN girl or middle-aged woman for light
housework, r.7 Third.
GIRL to assist In housework; not too young- 3
in family: wages US; call after 11 620^ Hayes.
DRESSMAKERS and all Interested In
making call and see our school; learn the
celebrated McDowell system of dresscuttlng
and r»t positions fr.-«>; stylish dressmaking
and millinery thoroughly taught; the Mc-
Dowill is the most successful school went of
Chicago: this la the school that received all
the gold medals nn-1 diplomas; easy pay-
ments; unlimited lessons; patterns cut. 26c
up. The McDowell Dressmaking and Milli-
nery School, 103 Post st.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 26c up to fl B.
Ml Mission St.. bet. First and Second.
I LADIES' shoes, solelng, 3£c. men's shoes, sole-
liik. 50c.; all repairing done at half the usual
price. ESI Mission s€. bet. Ist and 2d
WANTED— » pirls. Herman or Swedish, for
Jeneral housework and take care of chll-
ren: references required. Call 1020 Leaven-
worth »t., n^ar WaHhlngton.
WANTED— Lady stenographer who writes a
plain hand; wng.-n |tf a month. Address B.
l: H.. i,,x i 74, Call office.
PED a n-ot girl for general housework
at San Mateo; wages »15. Apply at 30» Sacra-
mento Ft.
WANTED— OId German preferred, general
housework; small family: wages fU- refer-
ences required. SIEVERS. 1401 A Scott st.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. THE
BRENNER-ULMAN CO.. 17-19 Battery st.
I DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. Ill* Market
st ; monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient
i THE McDoveU Dressmaking ami Millinery
School Is the beet ptaoa t . l»nrn: M.-<-hanics r
Fair dlplor-.a; patterns ctit 2ic up. 10S Post.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting 6chooi,~U)7B Mar-
kev St.; a perfect fit guaranteed wltUout try-
Ids on; call and b« coovlaced.
lIU WANTED— Continued.
WANTED — Experienced operators on men's
fancy flannel and white shirts: also a lim-
ited number to sew on buttons: will also
tako a few inexperienced for instruction.
Standard Khirt Factory, cor. Gough and
Grove sts.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry: low tnt.-r«^-t. Dads Hnrr:s. 15 Grant ay.
615 LARKIN— Branch office of the Call. Sub^
_scrlptlons aid want ads taken.
MALE HELP WAITED.
HEAD and second cook, country hotel; see
party here Monday morning; UM. C. H.
HANSEN *c CO., IM Geary st.
MARKER ar.rt distributor, country hotel laun-
dry. IM ;in 1 f.iuml; re,lu.-.-.l fare. C. R.
HANSEN .\ CO., 108 Geary st
M TTJBMAKBRS, s and 10c ;i tie; good timber;
board, Jl". a month; tools advanced. C. R.
HANSEN a CO., MS Geary st.
60 ITALIANS to cut 10,000 cords 0f. 4-foot wood
by contract; $1 a cortl; virgin timber: good
SSti tools and advanced. C. R. HAN-
S> N CO., Wt (Jeary st.
' NI'IN.WTAX woodeboppers; new camp;
'■ " ■ ' . tools
■nd grub c. R. HANBKN & CO.
1 ■ear) st.
WANTED Mil .md women to work at home:
I pay ?S to $16 p<>r week for making crayon
jmrtraits: new patent meth.vl: any one who
can read or write can do th ■ w..rk. at home,
in spare time, iiaf or evening: send for par-
ticulars at once. H. A. GRIPP. German Ar-
tist. Tyrone. Pa.
UPPER leather cutter on men's kip work.
Apply Monday morning. D. R. WHNT-
WORTH. West Berkeley.
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on
platen and cylinder work; quick, careful,
conscientious and reliable. Address, giving
references, etc.. box 580. Call.
WANTED— Tn Kn to HlIo Hawaii; good gen-
eral tinsmith who understands running pipe;
steady work for year: wages $18 week; refer-
ences required. Apply 654 Mission st.
WANTED— Active office b^y. 15 years old;
references H Supreme Court building. 9
o Clock a. m. Monday.
BLACKSMIT I 'or large shop; 2 fires: low
r. -in to gopj n , an . p^n Hn ,i l>evisa<lero sts.
WAITER nml dinner waiter wanted at 425
_ Geary St.; , all ' a n ,
CANVASSERS, m;i!e and female, for articles
used in every household; can make $2 to $5
daily. Boa 603, cc a !l office.
BRIGHT boy, H I good references;
Monday. ?> a. m. 124 Post st.
WANTED— A mar. competent to instruct and
rintend In the manufacture of knitted
I \ • . Call • •
WANTKD— Party to r,,r< tot .itrl train several
dogs for Alaska. Box 6>L Catt.
FT'R cutter. Carson Glove Co., SB Market st.
lUUiSHT. strong N.y about 16 to learn trade.
Address Boa SM cc n 11.
CIVIL Berne* Government positions; w> ques-
tions and answers free Address HUGHES
PREPARATION, Washington, D. C
WORK at home furnishe.l people Of either sex
at BOOd wnjjes. For full Information address
I-abadie Art Company. Kalamaaoo, Mich.
DISHWASHER wanted. 1192 Oak st.
PARTNER for employment business; expe-
rience unnecessary; small capital required,
llox 610. Call office.
Another lot of men's shoes;
slightly damased; at less than one-
fuirth their valu<-: from 2r.c to $2 30. 562
Mission St., bet. First and Second sis.
SHOEMAKERS to set men's calf appers, II;
r best American, $1 50
BHIRLET, 921 Howar
WANTED- M ir. • Amer-
ican • V.VJ Market St.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps, United .States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their Intention to become such; must
be of Rood character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween .'■ feet 5 inches and c feet In height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruitlnK office, 20 Ellis st.. San Francisco. Cal.
WANTED— Doctor for medicine company.
must have diplomas and iwtnre. TVrfte with
full particulars |.. J • « I 'I.IVKR, Grand Cen-
tral I • • kton, Cal.
WANTED-Oood general blacksmith; must
haw «:.«. Box C, Call, l«th nnd Mission Fts.
JAPANKSK Information Bureau: ch-lf-e help
furtiist...i :■ \ room t; 1 my 78S.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low lnt--rest. I'm-!.- Harris. 1". Grant ay.
WANTED — An experienced city salesman.
■^nstone Wine Company, 331 Ellis st.
E. SIMON wints 100 men to get r- -tie aeaf
or wine, lc; t»-st frre lunch. 643 Clay »t.
ROSEDAI.K House. Ml Kills— Roome 25c to SI
ni«ht; U to i* week; hot and cold baths.
BAILORS ar. l ordinary aeamen wanted at
LANE'S. s<hi Davis St., near Jackson.
MEN 8 aolelrig. 60c; >adi<*s p , 40o: while you
wait. 63S Market: branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS" Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. r: lIS. gee 32. Grant aye.
4 MARKET st -Branch office of The Call;
want adu and suhscriotions taken.
416 LARKIN- H ranch office of The Call; want
ads and wulsc: lpttons taken.
SINGLE rooma 10c and 15c night. 76c and SI
week. Llndeli House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learr I irbet trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College. 138 u Eighth.
ELCHO House. s<av» Market Ft -Rooms tOc.
26c to & X- DlKht: SI tn S2 week.
ROOMS. 16c to 7f.c per night: 60c to »1 60 per
week Oriental. 255 Prumm st.
WANTED— At Montana Booea, 764>* Mission;
men to take rooms; 10c. 15c and 2So per
night; 60c. Sue and SI per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency. 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme H ,use. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room: Sic a night: SI a week.
WANTED— I^i borers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; ISO largt
rooms; ?Cc per night: SI to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: M rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
free 'bus and hßtrgnce to and from th« f»rrr
AUEHTI WAMTBO.
MORE territory left for Perfection Burner:
consumes kerospne: $8 to $12 day: company
manufacturing sold 658 dozen one day. Paci-
fic Supply Company, room S2. Flood Building.
AGKNTS WANTED Mci w al borne:
salary or <•. n:rriissi.in guaranteed: Ju-t out:
write o'H.-k for Information: N-trin work at
once. Mutual Mfg., 12*> Chambers st . N. T.
WANTED AgenU of either •%» at rooa
Clam I ultdlne. ( it\-. to start out In
t'mn on h k . i -oposltlon
PARTNKHS WASTED.
PARTNER with 88.4 M ensh: manufacturing
Klondike . rr u t ,ar>su!e: orders on
hand for I.', XiO capsules 989 Howard. DR.
CON PORT
FlHMTlhi: WA.TED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion ct. : tel. Mint 1«1.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery st. : highest prices paid Tel. DaviH 71.
ROOMS AVAVI'ED.
WANTED— 3 furnished hooaekeeplag rooms; 8
Mocka of ''iill hiiii.iing. Box M*i Call office.
WANTED— A family ■■• two desires S sunny
unfurnished rooms for housekeeping in pri-
vate family in Western Addition; reasonable
rent: will be permanent; write particulars.
Address T., Ikix r.S3. Call office.
UOAKDI.NO "WANTED.
YOUNO lady wishes room and board: state
terms. Address Ikix 5S. r .. Call office.
HOUSES WANTED.
WHY lose money by having your houses, stores
or flats vacant, when they ian be quickly
ranted by HENDERSON REALTY CO. (pub-
Hsherß of Weekly Real Estate Register) ?
Give us a trial. Satisfaction guaranteed.
HENDERSON REALTY C0..405C McAllister.
— wa>tk»-mim::i.la>k<)i r.
WE buy all klnds^f"^ond-riand~?oors7Ttoves.
etc JAMES -i if in. 1123 Market st. .
SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealskins.
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
ON furniture, pianos: no removal: lowest rates;
no com. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7, City Hall Sqre.
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scale? tools, etc..
bought and wold. J. Livingston. 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold, stiver, ca*t-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third.
KIHMMHi: FOII SALE.
THE furnitura complete of a mom cottage
set res for housekeeping; also several well.-
bred Japanene pug dogs; everything goes at
a bargain to a cash buyer; premises to let.
Inquire at 448 Bryant st.
539 - HATES Branch ' office of 'a a* CaUL
' SubscrlpUoßs and ads taken.
PEIISOSALS.
MAN of 60. with some means, wishes a wife
similarly situated. Address W., box 1, Call
Office, Oakland.
LADIES— My monthly regulator never falls;
trial box. 10 cents. MRS. B. ROWAN, Mil-
waukee, Wig.
HENRY— Please call at~~bakery corner La-
guna st.
DR. CON DORY'S
Klondike condensed -food capsules. Price.
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules $90. Address
DR. V. CONDORY.
SS9 Howard St.
ONLY the best of expert artista employed here;
fine work for Be; food switches, $1; finest,
best quality, $3 50; extra heavy. Ions;, $5:
open Sundays from 9 tv 12 a. m. Q. LKDE-
RKR. in Stockton st.
FRENCHcooklng lessons: MRS. M. ERIKSON.
714 Leaven worth; W. 1.. 3-5; dat., 3-5; Tu., 8-10
QUTNONIA hair tonic; a preparation unsur-
_passf-.i; Be •; LEDBRER, ill Stockton st.
RAO carpets wove to order and for sale: also
chenille- wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer in
carpet twine. In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. OEO. MATTHEW, TO Fifth. Oakland
FIRST-CLABB buatnem heap. West
'■.■ast Publishing Co., 14 McAllister, room 20.
NKW ni"th:><!: massage and electric treatments
for nervousness, general debility, etc.; h'.urs
■ 0. MRS. JOHNSON, SI4H Os*ry st.
ALASKA We weh to Inform Intending Klnn-
dlkers that we have the larnewt an i
criii-lete Ftock of Arctic fur clothing and na-
tive boots, ma.le by the BsuuUnaujc ot the
Arctic f'lrr-le. STABENS & FRIEDMAN, 257-
_J69^Paciflc st.
ADVICE free; divorce lawß specialty: private;
no fee without success; collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
PROF. J. OREVEN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own conoert at
T. M C. A. Hall, on January 26. IS9S. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss 1,
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR. M. AL-
BERT. high lyric tenor.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse;
baths; g»-u;ne masvage; bwr-dish move.Tient;
ladleg. gents. 906 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
Sati Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N BP.I'NT. 535 Clay st.. S. F.
BIG outdoor stereoptlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments In living light: promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO . 114) Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third st.. nr. Market: M 0 rooms.
l?c to $1 CO per nicht: $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
114— Suit to order- samples: try one. NEU-
HAtS *CO tailors. 115 Ke*rny St.
CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
BRANCH office of The Call. Ifi7 Ninth St.—
wart ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MHK. DR. WELCH. 2115 Rush
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
T.FMOS. 1117 Market rtr. bet 7th »nd *th.
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
t: up: dresses made over. « Eddy Kt.. rm. S*.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. I>R. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life; fh- will show jroo how to overcome
enemies, remove family troubles, restore
affections; unites the separated, recOT-
lost, pti>lrn or burled property; locates
treasures, Tn:n*»rals: tells y< v:r entire life,
nt and fut\ir»-. while in a perfect
tranw. Hours 10 a m. x ■< .'■ p, m. : perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mail S«>nd statnu
rcular with special terms. MRS. DR. F
IRK, rms. 2f, & 26. UN Market, opp. Sth.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader. b-,rn double veil and second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 50c:
gents $1 ; palm. A clalrv. ; sit. $1 50. 12« Turk.
REMOVED Mmc T-enerr.ar tells fortunes by
planets; prd'M "74" steamer on island. BU
Sixth, r'.'in 6.
JUST arrive,; from New York City, medium
and card-reader: present, past, future. 765
<-t st.. r.">m 2.
ARRIVED MME DAVIS, remarkable clalr-
■t. card-reader, test medium; fee 23c.
Farretl st.
MTPS PEARL lIARRISox; card-reader and
nirignrtlc I Oesury, paflw 2 and ?..
Mis- MELVINA Sl.at: Mk bostness
matters: satisfaction guaranteed. 797 Mission.
MME SODAN. Scotch seeresn. card-reader and
T'almlst. 619 Eddy. 9 to R P. M.
RAY FAlR— Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post st.. room 2.
MISfl EDNA V GRANT, mind reader and
I'almlst. 131 Taylor St., room 3.
MIS? MTRANDA. mind reader, electro mag-
netic treatment*. !12C Market st.. room ?.l.
MMX WOODS! mind reader, card reader, mag-
netic charms. 207 Post st., room S.
MME MOREAU, test medium, clairvoyant,
card rea.'.er: 2Sc up. 73 Fourth St.. upstairs.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12s Bewntli st.. second floor.
SATISFACTION o r no pay. irn Mission, above
Eighth, front parlor. Face cream free.
[ME MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
nt 1104 Mission st., room 10."
MISS LOLA M. STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 22." Mason, suite 1-2.
MM I AMIE. medium, card reader and mag-
netic healer; charms. 122 Pod st., room 10
MME. ZINELLA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12. 110 fJrnnt aye.
MMF. LINDEN, retained card reader and mag-
netist; charms. 12S Fourth, room 23.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist: read-
ings tie this week: satisfaction gar'td. 26 6th.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 92iu Mission *?.. opp. Mint.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice- names given: 250 up. S Fourth st.
MME. HANSEN, palmist, card-writer; past.
pr. sent and f-iture. Be. 14S Sixth, room 5.
MRS SHAFFER, test and business medium;
slttlnps dally. 123-;.. Sixth Ft., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pn>-
'^«i"n: never fulls: advice: help. 929 Post.
SriIKTIALISM.
A. M. FRANCIS. Independent slate-writer; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve. lIS Haight st.
MME. MAYO STEERS. 112H Oak; circles
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thurs. 2 P.M.; 25c; readings 11.
MRS. HOBKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tues., I p. m . 25c; readings. $L 214 Franklin.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
mnurai ami advice 218 Stockton «t.
CARPET CLEAMSO.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
Si 1 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 353-57 Tehama st. ; tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Sth St.. B. GRANT. Tel. Jessie Ml.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. J.
M QUEEN. 453 Stevenson; tel. S. 225.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co.. 420 Butter
tel. Main. 394. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, 3c: laying. 3c; rug samples free;
tel Jessie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new
23 Tenth: tel. South 36. Mackintosh * Co.
J. E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 14th i
st.: Cleaning He a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works. 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25, 30. 3.". 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES.
10. 15, 20. 25. 35, 40 per pound.
SPICES.
10. 15. 20. 25. 40 per can
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP. TO
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES.
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES.
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES.
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO
Stores Everywhere.
storage::
AT low ,™ — Furniture, carpets, pianos"
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOON AN, 1017 to 1053
Mission st.. above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances made; fireproof building F W
ZEHFUBS. «1» Mission sU Tel. Mint 1523.
MUSICAL INSTHL -WESTS.
ANY person having use for a piano need not
do without when good instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3, $4, $5. $6, *;, X iv.
$10; handsome scarf and wood beat stool in-
cluded ;tio charge for cartage. Pureahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHEKMAN. CLAY & CO.. Steinway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
L'l.'i'i 'RE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us. Why? L'ecause we buy only in
carlo::d lots, pay cpsh for everything and
give the purchaser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SOX, 16 to 20
O'Farrell st.. Curtaz block.
CONOVER, slightly used, $3."0.
Steinway, slightly used. Jl'T".
Chickerlng, second hnnd, $190.
Large stock, lowest prices, rent. Installment
The F. W. PPENOER CO., 033 Market st.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous Hain^ Bros., Hush *
Gerts and Bollerman. \VM C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. I. Ban< r >ft & Co., 321 Post.
FOR sale Kroegcr upright piano; 7-; octave:
slightly used; guaranteed for 3V4 years: no
inable offer refused. 2574 Twenty-second.
KEEFFE'S. lf!21 Van Ness aye., 3 fine up-
rifrhts. little used, sacrificed; Schubert.
Sf>inway and Decker Bros.
DECKER .V.- Si>X pianos are always satisfac-
tory. G»t low prices from Mauvals Music
Co.. 763 Market st.
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mauiy, Ncwby, Evans,
Brlggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 30S, 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
Immense reduction for ca?h or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE, 735 Market st.
A fine piano sacrificed for cash; see it this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It Room 12 Flood building.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sso: fire large upright: sacrificed for cash.
1361 Folsom St.. corner Tenth.
*40 piano; splendid instrument; great sacri-
fice. llSli, Mission st.
BARGAIN- Nice upright cheap. SCHMITZ. 18
McAllister St.. near Hibernia Bank.
HORNTTNG'S new style pianos; most perfect,
brilliant, powerful ton<\ 21fi Post st.
KINGSBURT (1R97 model) is the piano you
want. J. HARRY PCOTT. 526 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MT'LI.ER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos; new scale: new styles.
KOHLER A- CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HE ALP'S Business College, 24 Post. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil & mining engineering, pur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc. ; 20 teach-
ers day and eve. sessions; catalogue mailed.
ATRES' Business College. 325 Montgomery St.;
Individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc. ; life scholar-
ship, $,"0; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing. me<-h -iiiy, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. l'« 4. VAN HER NAILLEN, $33 Market.
ACCOMPLISHED English woman offers to
teach French and music In exchange for a
home with a family; highest references. 1206
Polk st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room 572. S", Market st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 50c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
YOUNG man desires to study KngHsh pri-
vately or in class; state terms. Address box
560. Call office.
BPAIfISH. dally lessons. $3 per month: 4 to 9
p. m. T. M. C. A. building, room 10.
PIANO taught in 6 months: new. quick method-
s 2 H month. 71.7 1 . .x EM, Call office.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
monthly. PROF. OASTALDI. 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar: day. night: $5 nn. i r,n4 Market, op. Sth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand ar.d type-
writing; terms reasonable. 10UA Post St.
SAN FRANCISCO Business Coiieee. 1236 Mar-
ket st : 124 positions in *9*i: 103 in '97.
LTJDLT7M School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. P2S Slitter St.
PROF. M. KOLANDER. teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 935 Market st., off Mason.
VOICE culture, piano Paris graduate: French.
Spß.nl Fh: new classes: $2 mo. 108 Taylor st.
MTSS GAMBLE'S dancing school: adultß' class
Saturdays 8 P. M. 317 Devlsadero st.
FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities: teachers
wanted now, 420 Parrott building.
OT'ITAR. mandolin, piano and vocal lessons;
J3 month. Mnrv Westhaus. 39 Fl'th pt.
MEDICAL.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause restored at once; safe
ard surp »t any time; kind sympathy and
aid: instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement:
best earn and privacy: for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
reflating pills and capsules. Jl. MRS. DR.
W VETH. 91S Post St.. near Larkin.
ALL of Dr Poulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects: taken In time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; price jl 50 per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultation on all
ppecisi diseases free. WALLER TIROS.. 33
Grant aye . S. F. A caution — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
hay™ flatted; no instruments used: many
years" experience: every case guaranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable: flrst-ckiss pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 112« Market St.. over Owl Drugstore.
SI RE cure, wkfll others fail: no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what catMf: restore In 1 day: never fails: con-
sultation free: en n be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. "IS Kenrny. Orders by tele.
A LOON to wlv* and mothers— Pegyro; prlc*
Jl 50. RICHARDS & CO.. 4f»6 Clay st. : send
le stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing C,^.. r.SI X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ailment;
maternity home: best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr. Schuck's self-euro, jr.. 401 Van Ness.
ALPE.'.fs French pills, a boon to ladies with
♦er.i.-i •» tr->.l'es; no danger: safe, .ur- IS SO;
sxprew C. O. D. ; don't delay until f» late'
OSCOOD BROS., Coast Appn^. Oakland Cal
LADIES. Chlchestftr's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best; safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c. stamps, for particulars
"Relief for Ladles," letter by return mail- at
druggists. Chichester Chemical Co Phlla'
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. S ■ aryst now
lioi Market: ft male complaints and diseases
of the eye permanently cur»d or no charge-
treatment by mall; inclose stamp
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; Irregularities restored without fail-
low fees: specific female pills, $1 so dr'
SMITH, 1508 Market St.; Ito 4? : 7 to Bp. m
DRS K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood
skin or private distaste, B Mason st.. S. F.
I^ x^ r %'s lei^';I e i^' ; ***»>*• safe -">-
STERILITY rutel by Mr-. Dr. Sattler gradu
ate midwife. ITJ9 I-owell st. : t -I. red *™
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bust St.: confine^
ment at home, 10_days, $20. Tel. Green 581
H HA LTHY child for adoptl-m vrs ttr"
_FX:XKFT. 1411? Eighth st Alameila
HORSES.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, soid
or exchanged : cheap storage: 40 horses- must
fell. T. P. NEWELL. 1801 Mission cor. ?4th:
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
£ at3-,0-ha t3 -,o- h^ r 'f? 8 = Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, .--27 Sixth st., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
50 " KAr> , of . horses suitable for any business
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET st. — Branch office of The vail-
want :iils nnd subscriptions taken
WAGOIta AXD CARRIAGES.
NO-HAND grocery," bakery delivery
OS, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons Luk-
gics and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and \ alencla sts.
TOT buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-spring delivery wagon. 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash <,r installments: 1 fine top and open
I'UCicy: nls > 1 hark. tH Harris. »n st.
1«7 NINTH st— Branch office of Th« Call;
"')ns.-rliitl>ns anil want n.'- tnkon
SEWING MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, sold-
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing; lowest rates. 206 Fourth et.
BUSINESS CHANCES.
$12W^\VOOD. coal, feed store; good bargain.
$700— Saloon, best location in city.
$1700— Cor. grocery and bar: Western Addition.
$350— Coal oil route: well established.
$125— Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON Jt WINN. 777_ Market^ st^_
$250— oUd-ESTA BLIS HED taiior shop; clears
$125 month; will take lot. DECKER, 1020
Market st.
HOTEL for pale, in a thriving town, within
one hour's Journey of the city; containing 50
rooms bath etc. : modern brick building on
low lease; new furniture for sale: low price;
easy terms; good paying trade: bar about $20
per day. Apply to EASTON. ELDKIDGE &
CO., 63S Market St.
PAHTNER wanted for general merchandise
and auction business in a prosperous mining
community; big returns already proven, war-
ranting Increase of capital. Call or address
room 2. Crocker building-.
NEWSPAPER and Job printing establishment
for 6ale; established 14 years: fine cylinder
press. Jobber; gas power and plenty of ma-
terial. Address P. O. box 327. Los GatOß. ' al.
SEVEN acre fruit ranch for rent: stock and
improvements for sale; everything complete
for poultry raising. Peralta aye., end of
Hopkir..-: st.. Diamond, FruitvaJe.
VALUABLE patent for sale or exchange; in
us.- an.! Indorsed by V. 8. Government and
o'hers; little money required to run it. Ad-
dress box 592, Call office.
PATENTS.
SMITH & OKBORV, Registered Patent
Agents, established 1562. 319 Pine St., San
Francisco.
OLD established stationery, notion and book-
store; good living for small investment. Call
or address H. 1503 Park St., Alameda.
GOOD-PAYINQ. $45 per day. restaurant In the
best business part of San Francisco, for sale;
reasonable. C. 8., box 697, Call office.
FOR SALE— Good paying bakery in one of the
bpst locations In this city. Inquire at M.
GETZ & CO., 561 Mission.
WANTED— An Al tenant to lease a flrst-claas
hotel, centrally located; furniture for sale.
Box 689, Call office.
BOOK, stationery and cigar store. $2"0 less
than invoice. Address W., Branch Call of-
fice. 615 Larkin St.
CANDY-STORE: Market St.; receipts $300 per
month; offer wanted. DECKER, 1020 Market.
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: must ba
Bold by February 1. Address box 605, Call.
HALF interest in hand laundry, situated in
country town. Address box 587. Call office.
$550 BT'YS the best equipped and paying res-
taurant In city; no trifters. 402V4 Geary St.
AT a sacrifice — Best saloon location, business
and stock; call and see. 441 Bush St.
RESTAURANT for sale at your own prloe if
sold this week. 43 Third St.
WANT a buyer for passenger and freight ves-
sel. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
$60— GOOD branch bakery and laundry, furni-
ture included, oil Laguna st.
>RUGSTORE doing a good business; sick-
ness cause of sale. E. E. BUNCE, SOS
Broadway. Oakland.
$400— CARPENTER shop and shooting gallery;
bargain. CURRAN. & CO.. 30 Kearny st.
VLOON; half price; going to Klondike.
CURRAN A CO., 30 Kearny st.
ELEGANTLY fitted saloon, southwest corner
Twenty-first and Valencia sts. : a bargain to
a qui,-k cash buyer. Inquire of McDONALD,
25 Davis St., between S and 10 a. m.
GOODWILL of old-established furniture busi-
ness and a well-selected stock for sale cheap.
Inquire room 416, Safe Deposit building.
FOR sale— Whole or part Interest in profitable
business. Box 572, Call office.
; : nglishmnn with above sum wants to
Join another with same amount to start some
kind business at Dyea or Skaguay. PAYNE,
box 565. this office.
PI- AY the races on our new system: $60 a week
on $100 capital: no charges uniess successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6, 810 Market St., S. F.
FATING office business to be sold at half In-
ventory; owner g'.ing away. Union Manu-
facturing Company, 1020 Market st.. robin 1.
WANTED— Partner with $300 cash: pood busi-
ness; must be willing to go to Chicago: Inves-
tigate. ROBERT BENJAMIN, 111 Ellis, city.
FOR sale— First-class country merchant tailor-
ing establishment: good bargain for a cash
buyer. Apply REIPS BROS., 24 Sutter st
FOR SALE— Stationery and book store; fine
location: good bargain. N. A., box 11, Call
office. Oakland.
WANTED— Goodwill of country saloon ; state
price: no agents. Box Ml. Call office.
$3 ! >0 — CIGAR and news stand in railroad sta-
tion. S.. box 10, Call office, Oakland.
Restanrant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth st
WANTED— Capable lady mannger; some cap-
ital; rare chance. MHS. A., box ?37, Call.
$1100— BAKERY and confectionery in the best
part of city; store trade daily $19 to 3C2;
Sundays $3.". to (40; outside trade 9 to 11;
without wagon route. Apply Call Office.
GENTLKMAN partner, commission business
in the country. 1015 Market, rm, 17, 2d floor.
PARTNER— Stock in hand invoices over $30,000;
trade big: too large for one. to handle; man
more than cash wanted. Box 543. Call office.
FOR sale — Flower store, doing fine business;
good reason for selling; established 4 years;
low rent. For further particulars address
box 521. Call office.
DOWNTOWN notion-store, located in the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
long lease at low rent; price $5000; principals
only; good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Week./
Call, sent to any address in th« United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. Dostags
free.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
?SS« MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
taken for The Call.
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds jew-
elry: tow interest. T'ncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
or at 133 Third st.. Portland, Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
ORE to let. cor. Oak and^Franklln; suit-
ablfl for any business. 15 Grant aye.
ICECREAM parlor and candy-store; account
of death: bargain. P34 Valencia.
557 MONTQOMERT. cor. Clay— Open until 9-80
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
ALA'KA ENTERPRISES.
DETERMINED men wanted for Alaska gold
fields— A company of 25 able-bodied, good and
responsible men. Including the captain, is
formed to go to a certain location in Alaska,
where gold Is known to exist !n abundance.
The party to consist chiefly of mechanics,
blacksmiths and carpenters and one engineer
for the steam launch. A deposit of $500 is
required.
This deposit includes a two-years' supply
of provisions, all mining tools required, an
equal share in the vessel and steam launch
and an equal share in the mining returns.
The above deposit will defray all expenses
for two years, excepting clothing, whkh will
have to be furnished by each individual. For
further particulars apply to
8180, NEWMAN A IKENT.ERG.
Cor. Polk and California sts.
ALASKA Caisson Mining and Trading
pany; office No. 37 Crocker building, S. F. —
The company proposes river mining for gold
In Yukon River by means of a superior in-
vention, to establish sawmills and machine
shops and work with great profit in other ill-
rectlons. Call t r write; full particulars.
Shares. *in.
LODGING HOlVtfS FOR SAI-E.
I 100- ROOM house: hne corner $7000
17-room house on r.>st st jgn<)
24-mom house near Call office , =,iO
M rooms, line corner " -jfj/y)
6 rooms, new flat, corner .'." 400
| 39 rooms, corner, the very best ". "000
I 14 rooms, on O'Farrell St., only ' 6">o
m hotel, only " ,-o,^
11 rooms, on Market, part offices.'. ..'..'."'" ggg
ISO-room house, must sell -' -^
14 roomr, on Golden Gate aye., rent $46" " cr,i)
12 rooms, central, good furniture "50
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth
WINSTON A CO
j No. M€ MARKET STREET
i RELIABLE BROKERS.
15 rooms. $400 cash, balance payments jsno
:21 r.>.,!ns, rent $6. r >; elegant: bargain foO
7.2 rooms, must be sold; sickness 71)0
a rooms, near Market st. : bargain 425
;s rooms, rent $;.<>: house full rao
32 rooms, corner, oniy "' 9^
F«>R sale— LoJgi'.ig-house. 21 rooms, on Larkln
Ft., near City Hall; rent $60; free water- will
be fold this week at half, value. Inquire 127
First st. H "'
FOR sale-Lodging and boarding house- pav-
ing well; best location; low rent; 43 rooms-
good furniture; price $4000; $2500 cash $1500 In
ur. Inquire of MR. a. S. honel 3'o
Sutter st.: no agents.
32 .» ? ms ~ Market st : nicely furnished; rent
CM per room: clears $500 per month: one-
nnir casn: balance 1 per cent w vr ttt
BOM. 13« Market st. M ' EL "
FOR sal^— Furniture. 21 rooms: transient- sac-
rifice; cash; sickness. » Stockton st. ?
M h«"^t:ir, C 7l COrner Eighth-Newliy~furnishe<l
bay window room; $1 a week. t
FOR SALE— Coso Lodging-house. 411 San-, TV RE -* 1 ' ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO., ~~-~
REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
• 11 Montgomery street.
FOURTEENTH-STREET BARGAIN.
$550— Lot 28:9x101:3; only 4 blocks from Mar-
. ket St.; street sewered and macadamized.
FOLSOM-STREET LOT.
$500— 37:6x*.0; on line of electric road; this Is
a real snap.
SUNNYSIDE. ;:;
. $300 — Cozy cottage of 4 rooms and bath; rents
$96 per annum; 25x112:6; owner a non-resident
and very anxious to sell.
UNIVERSITY MOUND.
$1400— A bargain; cottage of 6 rooms and
bath, laundry, etc.: stable: 70x100; handy to
Ban Bruno road cars.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS LOTS.
$75 per foot; Ashbury st. ; nice residence lots
any size; 106:3 feet deep.
BY ORDER OF ABSENTEE OWNER.
$2700— Near Valencia and Market sts. ; nice 2- ;
story bay- window house of 5 rooms and bath !
. a:. . lot.
; GOOD BUSINESS CORNER.
14000— Corner near Valencia and 23d ets.; sub-
stantial building in store an.i 4 i ma and flat ;
of 7 rooms and bath; rents $360 per annum; '
29x75; always rented.
WESTERN ADDITION RESIDENCE AT A
BARGAIN.
$5000— 2-story bay-window residence of 6 rooms
and bath; 15x125; marine views.
ANOTHER GOOD INVESTMENT.
$5500— Folsom St.; 3-story house of 12 rooms
and bath; could be converted Into 3 flats at
very little expense; 15x80; good renting local-
6PLENDID INVESTMENT.
$0500— Oak st. and Lily aye.; substantial
building of 2 flats of 6 and 5 rooms and bath
• each, and cottage of 4 rooms and bath; rents
$576 per annum; 25x120; 2 frontages; both
streets acccepted; this is a splendid invest-
ment.
MODERN FLATS, VERT CHEAP.
$6600 — Leavenworth st. ; 2 handsome flats of
6 and 5 rooms and bath each: rents $52 60 per
month; 27:6x107 .6, this is a gilt-edged down-
town Investment.
A NICE HOME.
$8000 — Fine residence on the sunny side of
Geary st., containing 11 rooms and bath; brick
foundation, etc; rents $Ga per month; 2~ fix
137 .*.
BUSINESS -CORNER ON VALENCIA ST.
$I<\ ooo— -Corner lot. 6PxSO; best block on Va-
lencia Bt. , splendid location for stores and
hotel or flats; this price is very low.
AN ELEGANT RESIDENCE.
$10,000— Devlsadero St.: elegant grounds; nice
modern 2-story house of 9 rooms, bath. etc. ;
61:6x110; this place must be seen to be ap- :
predated.
AN ELEGANT HOME.
$10.250^ — Pine St.; an elegant 2-Btory modern
residence of 12 rooms and bath; nice lawn and
garden; very fashionable neighborhood; 37:6 x
137:6.
WESTERN ADDITION INVESTMENT.
$11, 000— Waller st. and Laussatt aye.; 4 flne
modern flats and cottage; rents $996 per an-
num; 2 lots; double frontage.
PACIFIC HEIGHTS MANSION.
$11,300 — An cleg-ant modern residence of 13
rooßis, etc.; beautiful grounds; large lot, 37:10 x
127:5^,; the most fashionable part of Pacific
Heights.
SUTTER-ST. BUSINESS PROPERTY.
$12,300 — Several blocks east of Van Ness aye.;
substantial 3-story building In store and 23
rooms, rent $870 per annum.
ELEGANT MANSION— BARGAIN.
$12,760 — House c - to build; elegant
mansion of 10 rooms, attic rooms, basement, etc. ;
modern in every particular; parlors, hall and
dining-room finished in natural wood: one of
thu finest houses in the city; 60x122:6; beautiful
grounds; Is to be sacrificed on account of the
owner being a non-resident.
A SPLENDID WESTERN ADDITION COR-
NER INVESTMENT.
|15,000— Rents $1500 per annum; 4 substantial
2 sti ry and basement houses of S rooms and
bath each; brick foundation; all modern im-
ments; both streets accepted, j7x<-2.6;
::i location.
Call and obtain one of our Real Estate
-.8, which contains a list of properties
for sale In all parts of the city.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
$13 PER FOOT.
Homestead near 24th iMlssion). 25x125; 60 feet
at same rate; street work all done.
$27 PER FOOT.
North side 25th, near Noe; 55x114 feet; street
macadamized.
$35 PER FOOT.
<>n?t cor. Sanchez and Jersey; street
work done; 33x75 feet.
$45 PER FOOT.
Presidio Heights; marine view; Yallejo, near
Broderlck; 2ix137:6.
If 6 PER FOOT.
Twenty-fourth, near Vlcksburg; fine business
lot.
$80 PER FOOT.
Clay, near Spruce; any size; marine view.
$100 PER FOOT.
7 beautiful building lots on Pacific Heights,
with marine view; special inducements to
party who will build; the cheapest lots on the
heights.
r> h<r bargains. Call and get descriptions
■ lees. McAFF.E BROTHERS,
'ntgomery st., San Francisco, Ca.l.
E. W. HAWKINS,
Dealer in Real Estate, Mortgages, Loans
and Insurance.
11 Montgomery street (Lick House Block>.
Eddy st, near Scott. 2 flats of 5 and 6
nd bath: size 2.".xir,7.ij.
i Mi -.. :■ lern hi use; choice location;
rear entrance to Golden Gate Park; desirable
m and bath.
-Minna, between Fourth and Fifth sts;
rents s:2.
P-.itter. near Fillmore; rents $S7 50;
flats, <5 ar..'. 7 rooms.
Cheapest lot on Ninth St.; offer wanted;
e!ze. 26x100.
IHtiO— Ashbury Heights; cheap building lots;
size, 25xS0.
13100— Perry, near Fourth. 3 flats: separate
entrance; brick foundation: rent $30; size. 25xS0.
12200— Pretty modern cottage; Tenth aye, near
California St.; 5 rooms and bath; size. 25x120.
— New Bats, adjacent to Golden Gate
Park; modern improvements; 5 and 6 rooms;
very sunny; decided bargain.
Apply to E. V.-. HAWKINS. 11 Montgomery.
BIG value in real estate at
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
Loans, 6 to 6Ms per cent: Insurance, etc
$155,000 — grand Investment; pays six
per cent net for 10 years.
$130,000— Corner; brick building; rents $S00;
one tenant.
$125,000— Business property; gilt edge; one ten-
ant: rent $700.
■ $100,000— Corner; 75 feet; with new Improve-
ments: near Orpheum; for secured tenants;
rents $700.
|99,000 — Market St., near Baldwin: two fronts.
$110.000— 60x120 feet; within block of Tlvoll.
$75,000 — Corner. 200x137.6. on Leavenworth st;
partly Improved; rents $500.
$35,000— Corner, 220x100, vicinity Mission and
Sixteenth.
HOW— Elegant 7-room residence on Geary st.
$2300 — 4 flats; rents $32.
A. M. SPECK & CO.
IMPROVED.
$25,000— Rents $212 per month: choice business
property: stores and flats: Sixth St.; always
rented :7St!>o.
Mal-» offer: 222." Jackson «t., bet. Buchanan
and "Webster; lot 25:3x127:6; no reasonable of-
<■«-.- refused.
Reduced from rroon to {5750— Elegant modern
residence; 1711 Post st., bet. Buchanan and
Webster; 10 rooms and bath; mortgage $3500;
must be sold; 26x137:4.
UNIMPROVED. ...,.-.«>-
s3soo— Clayton, near "Waller; 45x100; cheapest
let in the panhandle.
$1000—16 lots near 24tb and "Omtro.
DAVID STERN & RONS.
Real Estate Agents, 20 Montgomery st.
ASHBURY HEIGHTS— ;
Artistic colonial home. Just completed; 121
Frederick St., near Anhbury ft.; 8 rooms,
bath: beautifully frescoed and finished: en-
tirely modern and not of conventional order:
ft very select neighborhood : price $C 500:
Halgbt-st. cars, transfer to Masonic aye., and
pass the house.
$2."0— D0 you want a good lot and a cheap one?
The cheapest in the district. One graded,
sewered and macadamized. Then buy this
one on Moultrle. nenr Kurene, one block
from Cortland aye. and school. McEWEN
PROS., US Montgomery st.
j --c.- 5 rooms: bath:
Twnty-thlr'l. near Chattanooga : f-asy terms,
K. E. AtTBRY <t CO., 2245 Mission fit., be-
tween Ki»rhteenth and Nineteenth.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, bnsement: lot 3^x49: on
• h Pt.. one block from cars; $12M.
GEORGE PATTERSON- * CO.. 17M Market
BTTY a lot— What better investment? For tl
down and ?l a week we will sell you the
choice of 30 lots near Golden Gate Park; only
1100 each. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery Ft. V-.jf , j
$."0 and upward -F!u!ld!ng lots close to car
lines; $r, monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
*F>o down and $13 ?Z monthly will buy a new
t-room and bath eottafre. convenient to cars:
pood neighborhood; 5 already sold. JACOB
HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
SMALL payment down: balance equal to rent;
new modern B-room and bath cottage, porce-
lain tubs, 2 mantels: lot 25x118: all moder*
Improvements; i Work from electric road: «,
bargain. JACOB HEYMAX, 11 Mrmtgomer/.
CITY KEAL ESTATE.
MApiSOX^&nsijßKJi7 ReafTssU^ Agents";
established 1S58; 626 Market Et.
irJ^n raj business Investments, from $40,000 to
for partlculir SVS V : nt ° Wn Property ; call at office j
,* Ele .? a nt" residence, 7 rooms and bath;
lot 34:10x117; on west side Howard, near 21th.
Grand corner— Van Ness aye. and McAllister i
Ft.; 109x120, with improvements; must bs sold. ;
F }?- L very low— Only J5500 for 2 large flats :
on Webster st., near Sacramento; 25x90:6.
I Down-town investment— St., between
Montgomery and Kearny; 3-story building; lot
| 34:1x112:6; make an offer.
$13,000— Land alone worth the money; Bush, :
, near Deviaadero; lot 103:Cx137:6.
To . close an estate— Southwest comer Six-
teenth and Hardy sts.; store and flats; renting
for *1»; lot 30x85; price 17500; make offer.
$4500— Bush st., near Devlsadero; 7 rooms and ]
I bath; lot 23x137:6.
$."500— Shotwell st., near Twenty-third; 3 flats;
j well rented; In perfect condition; lot 25x97:6.
_ $2700— Church st., near Twenty-first; cottage
o rooms and bath; lot 26x120.
$2500— Prospect place, near Sacramento; rents
$28 per month; lot 30xUi.
House and large stable; Twenty-fifth
St., near Douglass; lot 50x114.
$1050— Cottage and lot, 326 Virginia aye., near
Mission St.; large lot.
$3000— Rents $24; Perry St., near 4th; lot 25x80.
$3500— Rents $36 per month; Clementina st.,
near Third; lot SxW.
Handsome new cottage of 6 rooms and bath:
convenient to Castro-st. cable; all modern con-
veniences; elegant bathroom, pantry, large
i closets; a perfect gem: $3250; easy terms can
I j be arranged; call at office.
i :/;.. •
, We have a large list of cottages at less than
cost that must be sold for benefit of loan asso-
! ciations; call at office for permit to inspect.'
UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on Haight and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
] $7500— 10th. bet. Sanchez and Nor; 50x103:6.
Corner, only $225U; California and Locust sts.;
: 37:6x107:7.
$4000— Golden Gate aye.. near Broderick St.;
33:4x137:6.
Residence: corner lot: NE cor. of Bush and
Lyon pts.; 25x100; price $3000; make offer.
Near corner Leavenworth and Sacramento;
37:6x78:11; elegant local for Bats; $25'K).
$3000— Corner Lombard an.l Octavia: 46:6x100.
$2750— Clay st., near Spruce; 27:6x127:5.
$2000— :5 th St., west of Diamond; i>»xll4.
$1900— st., near Webster; 25x100.
JlSoo— Golden Gate aw., nr. Central; 25x100.
$1250— Sixteenth St.. near Castro: 25x100.
$1000 — Fourth aye., near Point Lobos; 25x120.
$900 — California St., near Twelfth Rye. , 25x100.
MADISON & BURKE, 026 Market st.
JOHN PFORR, 529 Montgomery St.,
■
$15,500— Fine McAlllster-st. property: rent
w; 2 flats opstalrs and lar^e
lot: best business
* : •; •.. near B» cBS; old
Unprtn < • J37.
Jl'v 1 property; rent
fl7»; 2 stores below and lairs.
Kor sale— At a -
splendid corner, 24th a-
24th ht on Noe; 24th st bitumlnl_ed.
I ■
rooms, near Bteiner and Pine sts.; first-rate in-
veatmi
rent $co,
4 flats of 4 and C rooms; lot :>x"...'"> feet to rear
Etreet; un Geary Bt., !.^-.-ir 1
At a reduction t" $6150; rent $47; a business
property; fine 3-story bouse on (i.ary st..
•
nd two separate llats upstairs; paying
uver i per cent.
• business corner,
paying good rent, and improve to
j
Reduced to $8500 froi ' Howard st..
near Oth; 2 2-story mil basement bouses of b
: .:. I b.uh each; I I
' Fronting on the Panhandle Park:
lovely house of G rooms and bath;
82400— Rents $25; double flat ■•: 4 and E
and bath, nr. (Hh and Bryant sts.; n
bc-tter in the city.
1 inly a lew days more and the chance I
that fin» property • -t by
225 feet back to 2d aye. and 200 feet on Zd aye.,
•m If.th and lnth sts., with the 12 ele-
gant flats and factory will be withdrawn.
Reduced to $4000 from $C 000; 2-story ar.d base-
ment briclc house on a principal street 4 .
from Market st.: 25x80; rent >
$1100— Cottage on the Potrevo and lot -
on installments very cheap.
At $1« 1. t 24x1 •■•t. on 17th street, a few
doors west from : ■ et, with a stable
-NIMPR4 >VED.
! Pine ft. i.^ar I.\ :i; lot 30:5x87:6;
for buildi:.. rr .uniiing.
X ■■•' st.. near Thirtieth. 30x112.
c corner lot on Fillmore
Voe St.. near Thirtirth; Lit 36:6x75.
SOL. GETZ & BROTHER.
Roor "A," First Floor, Crocker Building.
HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK LOTS.
$100, $150 to $250— Level lots to build on. near
Mission st. electric cars: only $5 monthly
- SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
SUNSET HEIGHTS LOTS. : "
! $3iO, $400, $150 to $Sso— Graded lots and
streets: splendid view of lark: $25 down and
j $10 monthly. SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
$■100. $450 to $Soo— Choicest building lots In
I Richmond: perfect bargains; buy now: easy
Installments. SOI, GETZ & BROTHER
-Corner 25x120; splendid 4-room cottage
and basement; on Fifteenth aye., near Clement
; st. ; easy terms.
Call for . Maps and Diagrams.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER,
CROCKER BUILDING.
j SNAPS'. ~~~ ~
i snaps:
chas. J. campbell & co.,
224 Montgomery st.
■Real Estate Auctioned Free.
! $15.00— 25:4 foot front; Natoma, near 14th;
: street work done, v . :
Cheapest lets in the Mission; Capp St.,
: near 19th; streets bitumlnlsed.
$3250— Northeast corner, 26x100: Ashbury -St.,
near Panhandle: street bituminized.
$4000— Must be sold; elegant, new modern res-
idence; 7 rooms: Eddy st.
$6000 — Two elegant, new modern flats of 6 and
7 rooms; rent $45.
$3800 — Down-town bargain; 12-room house;
Bush, near Mason: rent $50.
$40,000— Remarkable bargain: 4th st., near
1 Market; CO foot front; rent $210.
BUY A LOT ~~
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $3 A MONTH.
As a special offering we will sell a few of the
J choicest lots in the Heyman Tract for
$300 EACH, • . $300 EACH.
Lots are finely situated, commanding grand
| view of. the city. '
. They are. level and ready to build on. Buy
now; they will soon be gone.
i Take Mission st. cars; transfer to 22d st.
i cars; ride to Hoffman aye. Ask for Jas. A.
Cotter. He will show you around.
JACOB HEYMAN.
j 11 Montgomery st:. Owner.
C. C. BEMIP.
KEAL ESTATE AND LAND AGENT.
324 MONTGOMERY ST.
FOR SALE.
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh sts. ; clote to electric road.
$5000— Good corner for store; must be sold;
lot 62:4x60 feet.
$67"0 — ,r>0x127:6, r >0xl27:6 feet on Jackson St., overlook-
ing the Preeldlo and bay.
EO-vara on Pago st.; panhandle of park.
$300— Choice building lota north Of, park.
Bargain— Southwest cut. Fifth aye. and C
St.; 109x95 feet.
$700 CASH, balanc* In monthly installments,
will buy the most attractive home built this
year; Twenty-fifth st.. near Church; lot 25:11
X 114; nicely arranged 2-ntory residence of 8
rooms, bath, etc.; best plumbing: handl
decorated walls; no expense has been I]
the houaa must be sf-en to be appreciated.
BALDWIN fr HOWELL, 10 Montgomery st.
STOP paying rent. Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying:
rent and owning your own home Is worthy of
a great struggle.
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled. fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front, all mod-
ern Improvements up to date: must be seen to
be appreciated: $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Cortland are. and
Mission St., to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m. ; take Mlssion-st. cars to Cortland ay.
BOUSE, i rooms; barn. 2 cows and chicken-
house. 745 Minnesota St., near Twentieth.
MM WILL biMld 4-room cottage complete:
will call GEO. M. SALSBURY, builder. 621
X et.. Sunset District.
CHOICE business property: northwest corner
Mission and Spear Rts. ; 45:10x117:6: mu»t be
disposed of. Apply H. SCHWERIN. 546 Clay.
ON Lyon at., between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye., a new, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed. ' and laundry.
4-RM. cottage and lot, $1500; l block from Mis-
sion cars; $16 monthly. BABIH, 413 Kearny.
PixOi'ERTV. 1O iXC A.ti .
RENTING Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TUKTON,
1209 Broadway, Oakland.
11400— EQUITY room cottage and lot for
acreage or good business. 908 Eagle aye.,
Alameda.
37 ROOMS: city corner; house full. 472 Eighth
St.. .Oakland.  ... r£ ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SI'XDAY, JANUARY 10, 1898.
CRT RBAIi ESTATE.
BALDWIN A HOWKLL,
RKAL EBTATB AGENTS.
Rayes -:.. near r-irw;r -irw; lot 27:Cx120.
running through to Linden aye.; Improvements
- Oats on Linden aye., renting for
nt $t ma St., near sixth: lot
25x75, with a 1-story building containing store
r'.its above i acb.
it., in-iir Halgbt; a flats of 4
aii'l 5 i
*77. r.ir .'i . near Flllm i m tiats
of C and 7 n oms, l.^t:;. etc.; euc!. .
rent. $• :
Franklin St., n^.u- Hayes; lot $5x197 :< I
3 flats of E roams anii hath each; stable in rear
for 13 horses; n-nts $7y; mortgage of *>XK> can
remai:
Rent *774 per year; always rented:
choice Investment on I Third
an.'. Fourth .-t.s.; lot bas iw :'ays a
it and bound to increase
■ lue.
$50 »— Kent $ISO per annum: lot 33:9x5«; 2-story
building. More and Hats above: land alone
worth the price asked: near Fourth anil Bryant.
$425i>— Rented low at MS: I flats and 2-ntory
house in rear. 4-4-4 nnd 3 rooms: Pacific st.
corner, near Taylor: steadily rented.
$3500 — Offer wanted: Essex St.. near Folsom
St.; lot 50xS7:C, with 2-story house of 9 rooms.
ATTENTION, TEAMSTEKS.
$6000— Webster Ft., near Hayes; comfortable
2-Ftory house of 9 rooms and bath; big lot. 37:6
x 137:6; large stable and wagon-house; list the
plac» for a man who keeps several horses.
BALDWIN & Hi WELL,
10 Montgomery st.
SOME CHEAP LOTS—
J2KOO — cheap corner Hayes and Clayton sts.;
25x106:3.
$lw i X> each— Terms $50 cash, balance $10
monthly; cheapest lots In Richmond; Third
aye., bet. California and Clement ts.
$1475 each— Frederick st. (sunny side), bet.
Slinkier and Cole; nice surroundings; l block
to the Park: only a few left.
$2175— Sunny side of McAllister St.. near
Baker; r?,x!37:fi.
$5000— Oak st., near Broderick; 50x137:6; will
subdivide.
$32."0— DevlsaiWo st., near McAllister: 25x100.
51125 each— Street accepted; Lombard St., near
Goujth; 2 lots, each 2."x137:0.
J77'Xi— Ptnnyan St.. near Oak; 50x100.
$2600— Shnwler St., near Page; lot 27:6x100;
street accepted.
$?00— A bargain; Jackson St., near Cherry;
25xlM; easy terms.
$1750 each — Sacramento St., near Walnut; 25x
100 each; easy terms; street bitumlnlzed.
$41. "O— Pacific aye., near Baker St.; 27:6x127:6.
$'i. r ,oo— McAllister St., near Scott; 34x100.
$2."oo— Baker St.; near Broadway; lot 00x70.
$1000 each— Bay st., near Van Ness aye.; 25x
1ST:«.
j;ooo— Van Ness aye.. near Francisco st. ;
25x100.
Corner of Van Ness aye. and Bay st.;
37:Gxl'iO.
Washington st., near Cherry; 43:6^ix
1I":SU. BALDWIN & HOWELL.
'■'•■■-- 10 Montgomery st.
COI \IHV tsJBAIi KSTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN A CO .
DAVID BUSH, Manager Country Pept.
14 M< >NTG< iMERT BT.
$5 per miles east of Llv-
; Corral i> ut 30
acres nearly lev . • hilly.
n arid
barn.
$0 per n<-r.' 800 acres nesj . Mon-
terey 1 jood Stock and dairy ranch;
well for
$1200—23 acres near Martinez: good vine- |
yard, family orchard, grain and sugar beet
j land; pood improvements.
; $1650—143 acres near St. Kolena, Napa Co.; j
I olives- and family orchard; mineral spring; i
I good improvements.
$2000 — 10 acres at Los Gatos ; all out In i
I prunes, apricots and peaches: no house.
$:. r .O0 — 12 acres near Brighton, Sacramento i
County: 20 acres In vineyards; 10 acres In :
orchard: balance Rrain and alfalfa land;
house, barn and chicken houses: 4 windmills; j
a preat bargain: will exchange.
Kxchanpe— l7 acres all out in orchard Just
outside of the town limits of Haywards; fine
Improvements; a profitable income place.
Call or send for our new circular.
SWEENY RANI ~ '
NEAR REDWOOD CUT. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
Wo will subdivide the celebrated ranch -of
the late Miles I>. Swejny In tracts of 1&0 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, jrrain and vege-
tables; plenty of water; this property imme- j
diately ndjoins Redwood City and is only one j
i hour's ride from Ban Fran'. suitable for
I small home farms; prices below all former '
quotations and ur>on unusually easy terms.
For particular* call or address
EASTON. ELDRIOGE A CO.,
6-TS Market St.. San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to rai-slns; decld-uus
fruits and vegetables: we have a few choice
1 subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each in U»o \ w-
hall & WIiM trnct, which we offrr at extremely
low prices and on very easy terms; small cash
payment; balance monthly; one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRID IE A CO..
C3S Market ft.. San Franclscc
Or WOOSTEU & WHITTON,
7 West S.ir.ta Clara St.. San Jose.
FOR SALT: or In exchange for fruit land—
• Furniture and lease of M-room hotel on
Michigan are.. Chicago, 111.; walking- dis-
tance from, business center: everything In
pood order and d ins a profitable business;
price *::.on. Inquire BURNHAM & MARSH
CO., C2B Market St., opp. Palace Hotel.
$950 — Another barmln; SO acre* near High-
land Spring*, Lake Co.: all tillable land; 15
acres bearing orchard; good house, barn and
other improvements.
$1000 cash — 10 acres near town. Lake Co.;
hlehly Improved; new e-roon house, com-
pletely furnished: barn nnd outbuildings; 2
horses, cow and all farming tools. C F.
MOORE, 535 Market St., room 4.
, $7."0— k0 ACRES good land near Creston; orch-
ard, barn. etc.
$ICOO— SO acres, Sonoma County; house, barn,
tools. etc.
$3000 40 acres, well Improved, near Los Gatoa.
I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery st.
fruit ranch in full bearing: near
■ •use, barn; wll
Call.
j:. DOWN, 'Z monthly, no inWest. for five in.
acre tracts near Auburn. Placer Co.: ov.-r 7V>
- sold. JACOB HETMAN, 11 Montgom-
ery St.
A VERT eomplei mtry T>n\
of nil classes of farming property for
V idy c\ Slaven, th< the old
i:r'U in X ALSIP &
CO.. Mills building, San Francisco.
20 ACRES prunes; Santa Clara Valley; near
station: none better: term - easy; good bar-
gain. J. T. DUNN, lOCS Claus Spreckels bid*.
FOR Up-to-date home ranch, 40 acr»s;
level, fertile; fine overflowing artesian wells:
dry season not feared; houses, barns, etc.: IS
in all; fine shade trees for poultry; lovely lit-
tle variety orchard; near station; fronts on
rallrdnd; near sugar bept mill, 4 miles from
Irvington; price reduced; 33 miles from San
Francisco. Address box- 4.".7. "Call office.
$3500— Ranch. 93 acres: Improved: house of 4
• rooms; new barn; Implements; 50 acres fruit
and grain, balance good rolling pasture: 3
miles from Santa Cruz, on county road; $2000
cash; balance easy terms; exchange for San
Francisco property. Inquire 78 Rausch st.
FOR sale — Small orchard near Antloch; trees
4 and C years old; house, barn, chicken-
houses, etc.: bargain; owner going East: one-
third cash: balance 1 and 2 years. W. M.
ELSOM, 1346 Market st.
HOUSE of '.' r'x-ms; modern; yard l.Vi by 2"0
f'-et ; greenhouse plants, good water, stable
and chicken yard: also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain Call nt th;s office.
; BT7TS a (-room corner frame house In
Santa Maria, Cal., with 3 connected lota, 71
xlf4 feet: flower garden, fruit tree* and good
barn; will trade for City lortglng-h"ii«.. r
chicken ranch. Inquire It. BENJAMIN. 11l
Fills Ft., city.
ANY "ne wanting a small ranrh. for grazing
purposes, nr a moderate sized orchard, part-
ly Improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. f'laus Spreckels building
FOR sale — Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list Of cheap land free. • M M
GRIFFIN*. Cottonwood, Shasta County. Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town: improved: easy
terms: hlfo 4 to 1? a<-re r>i*ce«< on 8 and 11
years' credit. D H. TWIST,, Sonoma City:
,r.rv Mf» r *»v »t rat MwrVet «t,. P. F.
PROPERTY WANTED. ! '
WANTED — To buy or rent Improved ranches:
give us full particulars. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. €02 Market.
LOST.
LOST— Chamois bag. containing reviving
locket, breastpin. 3 rings, 2 pair earrings (1
black topaz, other rhinestone), 1 Mexican
dollar, gold key and steel thimble: .ill me-
mentos. Kinder leave at this office and re-
ceive $10 reward.
-Llewellyn setter. 1 year o'd. Return to
2021 California St., receive reward.
LOST— A small link chain bracelet: gold. Re-
turn 13C2A Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST— Monday, ladles' opal ring; reward.
Return to 2905 Sixteenth st.
BUNCH of keys, Wednesday; reward. 203
Sixth st. *<'-.-.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Loan Society " San Francisco: No. 192,-
. 705. The finder will please return to bank.
IX>ST— A pass-book with the Hlbernia Savings
and Lean Society of San Francisco, in the
name of EDWARD H. GEIB, No. 204. &3.
The finder will please return to bank.
BRING old gold and Fllver to me and get cash
for it. UNCLE HARRIS. la Grant aye.
" TVI-KWIlITlir. S.
REMINGTON No. 8: fine order; $25; sample
■cnt. BCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKMX'J REAL ESTATE.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 BROADWAY. COR. EIGHTH STREET.
SPECIAL BARGAINS,
RARE OPPORTUNITIES.
$7000 — Beautiful modern home on Jackson st. :
a sunny corner; new house of 8 roomw and all
Improvements: one of the" prettiest homes in
the city: lot 40x100; fine lawn and rose bushes
in abundance: cost owner $10,000; a bargain for
the home-seeker.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth st.
$s<MM>— Fine 2-story residence and lot SsxlSO,
en Harrison st., north of Fourteenth: house in
excellent condition; finest residence district in
Oakland; owner would take one-half In a nice
cottage; balance cash.
WILLIAM J. DINGEE.
901 Broadway, cor. Eighth st.
$3000— Eight acres, within 10 minutes' walk
of terminus of Piedmont electric line; a fine
place for suburban home; fine soil; will grow
anything; excellent pis to raise :.<:.
try: short walk to nchoolhouse; located on
main county road; a fine bargain for the right
man. WILLIAM J. DING]
?01 Broadway, cor. Eighth st. .
*6 000 ACRF*S' '
.v'-Ki:>' :
A Magnificent Cattle Range.
A Magnificent Cattle Range.
Flanking Capay Valley, the well-known early
I fruit center In Yolo County. We offer for sale
1 five separate adjoining cattle or sheep ranches,
aggregating 21,. c .SO acres of land. To be sold as
' a whole or singly at from $2 25 to $4 per acre.
These ranches — eso all the necessary re-
quisites for a grand cattle or sheep range, hav-
j ing well-watered, open .ml timbered lands,
growing In abundance the natural grasses.
: Not having been pastured for a year or two
; they are In tine condition. They were taken
In for the mortgage by the Bank of Wood-
i lar.d. and are offered at less than the foreclos-
ure price.
This bank also controls some of the best
; Fruit and Grain lands In Capay Valley and
! In other desirable locations In the State, which
we are orft-ring at very low prices.
FROM J2 00 to $40 00 PER ACRE.
Call or send and get a catalogue of these
lands with pricelist.
Me A FEE BROS..
10S Montgomery st.. Ran Francisco, Cal.
In Subdivisions! ! " In Subdivisions! !
At Assessed Value! ' At Assessed Value! !
A grand opportunity. We offer for sal* f>ooo
acres • f the estate of Sarah Blake (deceased)
In subdivisions at exactly the County Asses-
sor's valuation. There Is no better land in the
State for » • •
GRAIN. FRUIT. VEGETABLES AND AL-
FALFA.
It lies en the M«<ree.l River on the line of
the proposed Merced and Yrsemlte Valley Rail-
r.-.i 1, and has unsurpassed possibilities for sup*
plying the great mountain and Yosemite Val-
! ley trade with fruit, vegetables and dairy pro-
duce.
In 1 s/ard, at prices of
■:■
Wr:t>- irs to
EE nnnp.,
108 Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal
■ X KING. 902
nd; trade or sell.
:n rall-
h wanted. C X
KIN Oakland.
200 acres Monterey Co.: good home place with
fruit, all ytock and tools; $6000 to trade. C.
K. KING, 902 Broadway, Oakland.
$12..'00— HOTEL for sale or trade in one of the
l>est towns in the State: 55 rooms: bar and
billiard room: gas house and other build-
Ings, etc.: insured for 5.V.00; now rented $75
month: doing a good business: no other hotel
in place; is a (rood property nnd will bear In-
vestigatlon. A.l. lres* ALDEN-GARFLELD
CO., i>P2 Broadway.
Bltvale: a snap: worth
ALDEN-GARFIELD
80 ACRE ranch; level: 30 acres in fruit and
vines: good buildings; going p.t $3200; also
new house of S rooms; best location in Oak-
land: must b»* sold. E. K. BUNCE, &08
Broadway. Oak'.nnd, Cal.
HERE 1 for a horne — G
m cottage and good stable;
trail (23 ? •■aj'h.
P. KERN
■
$4?/) will build a three-room eottnge. with lot
50x125, in the Alvin tract, near Fruitvale; $25
down, $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN. 11
Montgomery st
IT'S not too late; If yiu come at once you can
buy a cottage, cabin ard lot for $150. $10
cash. $3 monthly: I $75 lot. well worth »'"■
$5 cash, $5 monthly.; streets all graded. anm*
iracadnmized: fin* school ar.d I electric-car
lines n»ar: cllmnt*. noil and situation very
best. H. Z. JONES, owner of the Allendale
tract. East Dal- lard 4"< Ninth St., bet.
Broadway and Washington. Oakland: car-
riage free.
hath, cemented
basement, etc.: near Grove st. : lot 50x160:
plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring: ;
Ftreet work complete; price $3500: terms to i
Fuit. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED,
Mannser. 1070 Broadway. Oakland. -,>;
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA HEAL ESTATK.
JUST like paying rent.
li^O — Colonial cottage. 4 rooms and bath.
$lv>o— Handsome cottage near station.
$32CO— House of I rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
$29.%0— Colonial cottage. « rooms: fine grounds. I
MARCUSE. & REMMEL. Bay st. station
abroad gauge), Alanvla: XX Market St., San ;
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
CHE A TEST and best In America— The \V»*klV
Call, pent ;o any address In the United States
pr r^Tn^r, nne vesr tnr J! M. rx>«t*r» fr~»
BERKELEY HEAL ESTATE.
TUTS Is a snap— New P-room house, nil mod- '
crn conveniences. $3riofl; $300 cash, balance '
monthly: also a "-room 2-story house, mod-
ern. I3I50: J2<V) cash, bnlnnc* 'monthly. See
owner and property at 14!" Spniee st.. North
Berkeley, or C. P. KERN. 1010 Broadway.
Oaklnni.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate: 2d
& M mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate In probate, 1 1 f *» insurance, goods in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval morttraires and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN. 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alnmeda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions:, no delays .1.
NAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, abo'i Sixth:
tel South 14. 4. ,-;
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Ptore, MS Market ft. ; tel. Green 204.
WE loan on real estate at 6 and 64 per cent:
also on second mortgages; llf«* Insurance and
real estate In probate: any sum. Manhattan
Ix>an Co., r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission: lowest Interest: part payments
received; money quick and confidential. 1170
Market Ft., room 63.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth Ft., upstairs; strictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121: established IS6S.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland: no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up-
private party. BONF.LLI. 4f.2 Geary at.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission: low
rates; private. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum on real estate and estates In pro-
bate. HILL & CO., 14 McAllister, rm 64.
ANY sum. is' or Id mortgajrea, estates In pro-
bat", etc. Room J nt California st.
lowest rates; Ist and M mortg :
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery.
md country: siny sum: I.=t ail 2d mort-
naa- ' •'•' MtTRPHT. fi2s Mkt st.
On pianos. furniture: no removal: lowest
ratnc; n<> cm ; private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 ON life Insurance policies; low Inter-
est. JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 33.1 Pine st. •
10 SIN 13' Moat reliable piace to borrow
mom !*! * nnd Jewhy.
A TVEKK'S new* for 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
MOXEV WANTED.
WANTED— A mortgage loan of JB5OO on first-
class brick corner property In Olvmpla.
Washington. Apply to R. O. OAKLEY. 11
Montgomery st.
~ KIXAXCIAI*.
c,( .in mine— have for sale a first-class min-
ing proi>erty In Central Oregon: free milling
ore :averaK« value over $10 per ton: 500 feet of
work and largre amount of ore blocked out;
price. $15,000. which is half the actual values
In stßht; principals only apply. CHUItCH &
TETEK. Mills Building.
CHANCE of a One-fourth interest of-
f erred In valuable gold mine; fully equipped;
mill, etc.; $100,000 invested; owner embar-
rassed: must have $10,000 immediately. Ad-
dress Quickness, box 612. Call office.
5 BOAS, 330 Montgomery St.— Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
LOANS en real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rates. Mr A FEE BROS.. 10S Montgomery st-
HOUSES TO LET. {
JACKSON, 1313. between Larkln and Polk— |
7 rooms and bath; larjre yard; rent reduced. ,
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do (
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off easily you can ret best terms of Amer- s
ican Investors' Co., if Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HO WELL, 10 Montgomery. j
11 ROOMS. 2 baths, laundry, yard. etc.. $35. I
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Tar* aye.. off 12th st.
TWENTY-SIXTH. 4116— Whole or part of |
house, 7 rooms; modern; yard. j
FOR rent cheap to responsible parties—
furnished hfiupe; 9 room* and bath and lovely
Karden: call between hours of 1 and ?. o'clock: ,
rofer^nces required. JOE E. ENRIGHT, 19 |
EnFt San Fernando «t.. fan Jose. Cat,
FURNISHED HOUSES. -. V
SUNNY corner flat. 4 rooms, furnished for I
housekeeping: cheap rent to responsible ten- !
ant. Apply MADISON & BURKE. 626 Mar-
ket st.
COTTAGES TO LET.
COTTAGE. 1313 Baker: 5 rooms: stable. S :
stalls. Apply MADISON & BURKE. j
ELLIS, 1705. nr. Steiner— Nicely renovated 6
rooms; bath: modern; water free, $17.
NEW 4. b and 7 r.: $10. $13 and $20; or will sell.
$:■> to $I.*<J cash; bal. same as rent, 646
i Market st.
$7. $8 and $'.< cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply >4 ! l Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st.
CHERRY. 109 — Nice sunny cottage, furnished '
or unfurnished; 7 rooms, bath, basement and
garden. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye.. marble '
shop.
SUNNY cottape. 7 rooms and bath: 1 block
from park: all modern improvements; marina
view. 2517 McAllister st.
FLATS TO LET. .
» J^_,- IJ^^. ,-,„,- r ■ j-l/-^^^^.
123 — MODERN, sunny flat: electricity; open I
plumbing, furnace; 7 rooms. 15 Belvedere St.,
or apply SO3 Butter St.. room 43.
CHERRY, 111— Flat, 3 rooms, bath; basement;
back garden; $12. Apply 120 Golden Gate aye.
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on sunny side of
Clementina st., bet. First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
EIGHTEENTH. 4555 A. near Hattie — Sunny
flats, 4 and 9 rooms and bath, $10 and $13.
ELEGANT corner flat, . 6 rooms and bath;
modem Improvements. 730 Devlsadero st.,
corner Fulton.
1725 GREEN, near Octavia, 7 rooms and bath;
large yard and basement.
TWO sunny flats, fi and 7 rooms: 3 furnished
r M»ma; alnfle; en su!t->. UM Hai«ht. cor. Lyon.
LOWER fluf of 4 sunny rooms, 172 Hawthorne
Bt-. nenr Harrison.
UPPER sunny corner flat. 7 rooms; rent low.
a«e st.
4 ANI> (•room flats: some with pardens: sun-
ny: attractive view, on Twelfth st. and
Glen Park aye.: Jl2. $!3. $14. $1S an<'
DEMPSTER, 36 Glen Park aye. off Twelfth
POUR rooma and tuth. 223 laurel aye., bet.
Turk :ir. ! Eddy, off Van Ness aye.; rent
rr.h.
NEW upper modern 9-room flat; bath; only
S2O ."0. l?.i'< I. yon, near Fulton.
NEW modern flat: Just completed: latest Im- I
provements. S2S Lombard St., cor. Jones.
ALL OVER TOWN |
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A J2S nice cottages and flats on Geary St.. nr.
Polk. SPECK CO., 602 Market st.
FINE, (funny flat, 5 rooms and bath. 2134
O'Farrell st.
663 PINE St.— 3 flats of 3, 4 and 6 rooms; bath:
nice location. ->v: '
FLAT of 7 rooms and bnth, $17.
Flat of 4 rooms and bath. $10.
Flat of 3 furnished rooms. $8.
Key at 4499 Seventeenth st.
TWENTY-THIRD. 3723— Pleasant flat In good '
condition; 5 rooms and bath.
$I^— FLAT. 4 rooms: bnth. 129 Ash St.. bet.
Van Ness, Polk. McAllister and Fulton.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT. 414. near Twenty-flth— Flat. S
rooms, sink room and bath: all sunny: nicely i
furnished; .hot water supplied: rent $15.
BRANNAN, 422 — Two large sunny rooms to let;
rent M per month.
CAPP, 614—2 sunny rooms; furnished for house-
kepjMnir; also single rooms.
EDDY. 427 — Two or three rooms furnished
complete for housekeeping: large yard.
El. I.I?. 618 — sunny front rooms furnished for |
housekeeping: private family: rent moderate, i
FIRST. 2S— 3 r.l. » front rooms, completely fur-
nished for housekeeping. $12.
FOLSOM, 10S6U — Nice front room; sunny bay-
windows: $7 per month; back parlor suit-
able for light housekeeping. $7.
GOLDEN GATE AYE.. 404—3 sunny front
rooms: complete housekeeping; $23; also un-
furnished rooms.
; GOLDEN GATE, 730— Large sunny room;
housekeeping or board; prate or stove.
GROVE. 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished 3-room suites; with gas stove.
HARRIETT, IS — 2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; J3.
HARRISON, Furnished rooms for house-
keeping.
HOWARD. 821 Housekeeping rooms: single, $7
I and IS per month; suites. $12: other rooms.
i HOWARD, 504— Nicely furnished sunny house-
keeping room; gas and bath; cheap.
i JESSIE, Housekeeping rooms, furnished
] or unfurnished; single and double rooms.
' MISSION 947 — Two large front rooms and
kitchen: also others, cheap.
MINNA. 459— Large front room nicely fur-
nlshed: light housekeeping.
MISSION, 561. near Second— B sonny rooms:
furnished complete for Mbusekeeplng; also' 2
" sunny back rooms.
MISSION, 1219 — Furnished housekeeping rooms.
O'FARRELL. — One to five unfurnished
rooms and bathroom; reasonable. ; ; -;
POLK. 1K43. corner Clay— large, nicely fur-
nished front rooms: housekeeping: $13.
POWELL. 503. near Sutter— Sunny parlor floor,
light housekeeping.
HITCH, 20. near Folsom— 2 nice front rooms
with grate; suitable for man and wife or 2
gentlemen.
RITCH, 21—2 sunny housekeeping rooms; $3
month: 3 rooms, furnished, $S month.
SEVENTH. 553—2 furnished housekeeping
rooms; $6.
SIXTH. 119 A— S or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19— $10, 6 nice sunny rooms,
Including bath: also $7 80, 4 good rooms.
TEIIAMA, 717-Nic* runny room for house-
keeping, with stove. $4. .
TENTH, 124— Sunny rooms; kitchen; gas stove;
parlor: reasonable.
TWENTY-FOURTH. 3404, near Valencia— Two
sunny front rooms furnished for housekeep-
ing; $10.
VALENCIA. 1139. near Twenty-third— 2 well
furnished housekeeping rooms: sunny; bath;
sink: rent 111. . ;__
VAN NESS AYE.. 817. cor. Ellis st.— Sunny
- front housekeeping, $1*: also unfurnished.
WEBSTER, 711—2 or 3 large sunny rooms; fur-
' nished or unfurnished; rent cheap. '-..'•
MONET loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET.
BUSH. 614— Nice sunny single furnished room:
$8.
BUSH. 2528—2 sunny front rooms, furnished for
light housekeeping; no children.
CALIFORNIA, 1520— Pleasant parlor, suitable
for two people. .
EDDY. 309— Nicely furnished sunny rooms;
private family: rent reasonable.
SHERMAN Apartment House., 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
ELLIS. 618— Sunny front rooms, en suit* or
single, with board, $20.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished rooms
to let.
FIFTH, 314— 57 week; large, sunny furnished
room; closet; bath; private., '".;'■
AUSTRIA HOUSE, 246 Fourth— Sunny front
rooms, single, double and housekeeping.
GEA-tIY. 402 — Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
GEARY, 518— Elegant sunny housekeeping
rooms, complete; also double, single; rea-
sonable. .
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—1 or 2 well-fur-
nished sunny rooms, with kitchen, for light
housekeeping, with gas cookstove and free
use of telephone. .
HOWARD. Tl4— Large, sunny front parlor; also
single room*; rent reasonable.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
.
HOWARD. V.T., St. Davids— lo9 rooms; suiter;
single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
JESSIE, H'l — Rear of Mint; a neat, sunny room
f. r une or two; % and IS.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect ; terms reasonable.
LARK IN. 2214— Large sunny bay-windaw
room: furnished; grate; one or two gentle-
men: references required.
MARTHA place, t, south of Geary, above Ma-
i son— Large sunny ruom for lor 2; terms rea-
I sonable.
; MCALLISTER. 14— Fine large studios, class-
rooms, offices. $S per month up; suites, $14.
i MINNA, 2S— Furnished rooms to let, 73c and Jl
per week.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 7SI Mission: select family
rooming house; Jl 50 to $6 per week.
MISSION/, 1310— Sonny front alcove room for
two.
MISSION, 1775. near Fourteenth— 4 unfurnished
■■ s; bath and stationary tubs.
i NINTH, 13(i'* — One large room; also one small,
, snmny room.
, —
i'i'TAVIA. £21—3 sunny unfrunished rooms; en-
tire upper flat; rent reasonable.
O' FARRELL. 41S— 2 unfurnished rooms: $8 per
month.
POLK, 2703—5 partly furnished rooms. $7.
I POST. 2406— Sunny furnished room In private
i family: use of kitchen, or board of desired;
(heap to desirable party.
POWELL, 123— Good furnished suite of rooms
to rent by the day, week or month.
■ POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished;
fults and single; also office rooms.
K'.-s. i:t Single furnished room, $4 month,
Jl w«>ek; closet; gentleman.
I OHANP SOTTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates: families.
SEVENTH. 142— Furnished suites and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL. prop.
| SIXTH. IS«— Large sunny nicely furnished
bay-window room; grate; $3.
j STOCKTON. 17. European— Elegant rooms:
I I suite or single: day, week or month; baths;
| I hot and cold water; transient; elevator.
STMNER. 2V., near Howard and Eighth—
Sunny front room; private family; no other
roomers.
SITTER. 514— Nicely fumlihed sunny front
suite: bay-window; first floor.
TENTH, 111, near Turk-Large sunny front
• •;.
TENTH. 120-Sunny bedroom with closet and
gas: $5.
TI'RK, 543— Nice sunny room; running water,
grate, *as and bath; JIO.
TWELFTH, D":>— 2 large sunny furnished rooms,
single arxl double, for gentlemen. $5 and $7.
lINGTON, 502— Why pay carfare and use
extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms, JS;
also 2 for $6.
WILLIAM. Mff, off Geary, bet Taylor and
Jonas -Sunny Cvi i m.
FURNISHED alcove rooms, large or small,
for iady. gentleman or couple; central loca-
tion; home comforts. Address b>x MO, Call.
Fl'.i 'NT and back parlor in a private family;
located In central part of the city: cars pass
door: rent JlO per mo. Address box 541, this
office.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
600 B1 irds printad $1; 25 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 724 v» Market st.
615 LARK IN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Suhncrlptions and want ads taken.
UOARDI.\G AM) ROOMS
WIDOW would like an elderly gentleman to
board: terms reasonable. Address L. L..
2526 Mission St.
LADY having an elegant home in a very se-
lect neighborhood desires to accommodate a
few fain lies: superior board: rooms large
and sunny; references. Address box 55 .Ca11.
EDDY, — Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 60.
FELL, 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional; parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOM. 511— Swedish private boarding, with :
room. $4 to $.*> per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY; beautiful grounds; ta- j
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyd«. cor. Eddy.
SOS van NESS —Newly furnished sunny !
rooms: good board; terms moderate.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AMERICAN lady living In one of the healthi-
est locations in Pan Rafael will take chil- '
dren of good family to board; best of care i
and training. Address W. A. V., box 652,
San Rafael.
WANTED— ChiId to board: best of care; terms i
reasonable. 1034 McAllister.
YOUNG woman wishes full charge of Infant: '
references. 2805 Sixteenth st. .
STORES TO LET.
TO LET— Stores and lodging houses of the I
Lincoln School property, southeast corner
Market and Fifth sts. A. J. RICH & CO., j
Real Estate Agents. 112 Montgomery st.
STORE— Waller, near Schrader; suitable for
dressmaking, bakery, tailor, etc.; near park.
Inquire at 669 Schrader.
STORE and rooms for grocery or bakery; fix-
tures. Corner Page and Laguna sts.
TO let— Shop and stable. 3241 M: Sixteenth st.,
near Dolores.
STORE and 6 rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store; cheap. Cor. Twenty-
seventh nnd Alabama.
OFFICES TO LET.
SUTTER, 717, near Taylor— For office and resi-
dence; S rooms; very choice; investigate.
2 BAY-WINDOW suites, 2, S rooms, nicely fur-
nished: suitable offices; reasonable. 321 Fills.
218 SANSOME St., now occupied by W; Loaiza
& Co. ASHTON, 411 Montgomery st.
FOH~SALE— MISCELLANEOUS^
ALASKA— Gasoline launch: 33 feet long: Just
the boat for Yukon River. S. FORBES, 215
Bush st.
ST. BERNARD and black French poodle pups.
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
ing out kennels. 405 Frederick st.
LADIES* solitaire diamond pin; price $30;
worth $60. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant aye.
FRESH milch cow and/calf; also 2-wheeled
cart. 935 Elizabeth st.
FINE saloon front, embossed stained glass,
nickel plate, very cheap. 1166 Mission, st.
FOR BALE— 2-horse express business; cheap.
428 Church St., near Seventeenth.
FINE large bearskin for sale cheap. 443 Guer-
rero st.
TYPEWRITER; latest Improved; used very lit-
tle. Box 556, Call office.
FOR SALE— on Bonanza Creek, near
Dawson; rare opportunity for a fortune.
Room 6. seventh floor. Mills building.
THOROUGHBRED Newfoundland pup, female,
$6. 1613 Twelfth avenue, Oakland.
Al PEDIGREE Irish setters: hard-time prices.
Glenmore Kennels, 2041 Linden St., Oakland.
FOR SALE — One 2000-egg Incubator: perfect
hatcher. Address FRANK ADDLEMIRE,
Tracy, Cal. ■
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber washstands, cheap. HI'F-
SCHMIDT, 523 OoMen Gate live.
STREET roller.. 2:tx2 feet, as -good as new.
cost $60: will sell for $30. 11l Van Ness aye.,
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
size*: half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F. I
GRAPHOPHONER. FlO: Records, $3 per do*.;
i Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupi, 933-946 Mrkt.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hana
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-band. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st.,. above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc..
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE— Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. . ■..-„;
SECOND-HAND, dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, *ha?tinsr. laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO.. 527 Mission at.
ATTORNEYS AT LAV. "
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free— Private law matters; moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE, . 103 Larkin st.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. 027 Market st.
■ PHYSIC LANS.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL. office and residence,
1208 Market: diseases of women a specialty.
DENTISTS.
L. A. TEAOI'E. A. Cane and F. Teague. re-
moved to Call building, fith floor, mis. ' ■ 7
FULL pet of teeth, $5; painless extraction: s.-e
out combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; fillings r.Oo, crowns
It B0; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
AN" VROOM electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; n,i s>hock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full set of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings. 20c up: gold crowns, $3 60 up: yuir
teeth put In without a plate: open evenings.
907 Market st.. cor. Sixth; 'Phone Jes?ie 896.
CTDLTJW }\\: rket. nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates are made;
old plates made over like new: teeth from $S
per set; extracting ."'ie: gas given.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of rainless extraction and
patentee of Improvi .1 bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O' Farrell.
NEW York dentist?— Plntr? $.i up; silver fill-
Ings. 2oc up: gold fillings. 7"c up; plates
mended. $1 up: painlpps extraction. 50c: all
work wnrranted. 989 Mission. SE. cor. Sth.
*S— FX'LL «et of teeth: ko: kept In
repair; extracting free: filling?. 50c; crowns.
$3 50. Paciilc Dental Parlors, 18 Third st.
W. C. HARDING. M. D.. 600 Sutter St.. cor.
: : tfl. Main 5575; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. 3.
W. KEY, IS2O Market st.
SFT or teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
TOXTNG, 1841 Polk Ft.
COI.TON D»ritft] Association. SO6 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
C 27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want nJ* taken.
TO LEASE.
OLD Y. M. C. A. building, 232 Sutter St.. to
rent for long term of lease. Apply to H. J.
M'COY. Mason nnil ElMs s>ta
MARRIAGE LICENSES
R. J. N/olan and Florence 'Fltzmaurlce, 40-87.
Michael Lynch and Mary Murray. 60 — 88.
M. T. Maloney nnd Maggie M. Quill. 2S— 2O.
M. A. Brown and Hel^n R. Hopkins, 37—23.
i" J. Ptemlok an.l Minnie C. Cotter. 2S-24
"William Friedman and Cecelia Isaacs. 46—45.
"BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHr
Birth, marriage and df-ath notices sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must b»
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ASHTON— Near Callrtoga, January S, 1595, to
th<« wife of Frank Ashton, a daughter.
P.YHNE— Tn this city, January 9. IS9B, to the
wife of Matthew Byrne, a daughter.
BTTitNESS— In thin city, December 26, IS9T, to
the wife of R. D. Burners, a daughter.
CROSETT— In this city, January 15, 1898, to the
wife .if J. H. Crosett, a son.
rOOARTT— In this city January 1"». I 1.:*,I 1 .:*, to
•ho wife of John J. Fogarty, a daughter.
HERGET— In th!s city. January 10, 1808, to the
■ of fins Ht-rget. tw!n daughters.
HERMLE In Lincoln, January 5,. 1898, to the
wife of Theo Hermle, a daughter.
HITCHINSON— In Auburn. January 10, IS9B.
•he wife of E. A. Hutehinson, a son.
KOENITZER— January i the wife of
Otto Koenltzer, a daughter.
LOPEZ— In this city. January X IS9B, to the
wiic of Frank Lopes, a daughter.
McKEXZIE— In Martinez, January 12, 1898, to
thr wife of A. B. McKenzle. h son.
MKI'HAM- In thi? city. January 4, IS3R, to the
wife of jr. HRrry Mepharn. a daughter.
MINDERMAX— In this city. January 5, 1898,
to the wife of 11. Minderman, a daughter.
MEYERS— In Alameda. January 13, 1898, to
the wife of Henry H. Meyers, a daughter.
PETERSEN-In St Helena, January 11, IS3S,
to the wife of M. J. Petersen, a daughter.
SEABURY— January 1, 1898, to the wife of
Thomas H. Seabury. a daughter.
STREETER— In Alameda. January 13. 189S, to
the wife of Frank W - son.
TEAGUE— In Salinas City, January 13. IS9B, to
the wife of J. E. Tcague, a son.
MARRIED.
DOWNFP— MEYERDERKS— In this city. Janu-
ary 12. ISM, by the Rev. E. A.Woods. D.D., Al-
bert W. Dowses and Etta L. Meyerderks,
b..th of fan Francisco.
DUNSTON— HAX.LIKER— In Auburn. January
". by J. H. WUHa, J. I.. Frank Dun-
ston and Lena HalHker.
HARRIS— ROCK— In Oakland. Cal.. January
■ . at the home of the bride, by tho
Rev. I. 8. riiapman, Isadoro Harris of San
Francisco and Maude H. Rock.
LEVIN— BLOCH— In this city. January 9. IS9S,
by the Rev H. Ranpanlnnn. Morris Levin and
Paulina BlOCh, both Of S:m Frai:
POND— HALL— In th's city, January 12. lSrn, at
St. Stephen's Church, by the Rev. E. J.
Lion, Edwin Percy Pond and Hattie May
Hall.
ROTH— THATCHER— In Spokane, Wash. No-
vember 7. IS!<7. by the lli>v. P. Cool, Frank
L. Roth and Maude M. Thatcher.
DIED.
Hello, Vinrent I Leary, Catherine
Bloomlngdale, Sarah McDevltt, Philip
Boylan, Margaret Mullen. Mr?. Elizabeth
Burtin. Misa L. Oswald, .!• hn
I.lias •-. Violet L.
Chamberlin. J. B. Podd, Frsnk W.
Clark, Laura B. Parker, Henry E.
Q >:. Bernard Reed, William
Harris, Henry Shafter, Harriet A.
Heron, Cornelius F. Shaw. Mr?. M. J.
Hepburn, John W, . Treder, oiga A.
Jackson. Mrs. S. M. A. Travis. Nellie
Jacobs, Jacob ; Ver Mehr, Antoinette
Jonea, Belle Wall, Thomas H.
Lank, Lorinda D. I Yates. Kate
BELLO— In this city, January 14. 1898, Vin-
cent, dearly beloved husband of Sabina Rello.
and father of Joseph. Vincent, Gussie. Helen,
Annie and George Bello. a native of Italy,
aged 69 years and 3 months.
[T7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock." from the parlors of
H. F. Suhr & Co., 1209 Mission street, near
Eighth. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
BLOOMINGDALE-In this city, January 14,
IS9S, Sarah, relict of the late E. Blooming-dale,
beloved mother of Mrs. G. H. Selig, Victoria,
B. C Mrs. G. A. Kline anrt Freada, Bertha
and Josle Bloomlngdale, and sister of Mrs.
B. Lehman, a native of Germany, aged 63
years and 14 days.
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, fmm her late resi-
dence, 1515 Gough ftreet. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by special train from Third
and Townsend streets at 2:30 o'clock.
BOYLAN— In ths city. January 14, IS9B. Mar-
garet, relict of Bernard Boylan, and beloved
mother Of Bernard, James. Maßfrie, Mary,
Julia and the late Matthew Boylan, a na-
tive of County Clare, Ireland, acred 60 years.
(CT'Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, x Auburn street, off Jackson, be-
tween Mason and Taylor, thence to St. Fran-
cis Church, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her boul.
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cerretey.
BI'RTIN— In this city. January 15, IS9?. Miss
L. Burtin, a native of England, aged 68
years.
CHAMBERLIN— In Auburn, January 10, 1898,
J. B. Chamberlin. a native of New York,
aged 67 years 2 months and 6 days.
CLARK— In this city. January 13, 1898, Laura
15.. beloved daughter of Sarah Clark of
Chlco, a native of Missouri, aged 37 years.
COHN— In this city. January 13, IS9S, Elias.
beloved husband of Susie Cohn. and father of
Mrs. Henry Jnckson and Max. Leo. Celia,
Herman and Nathan Cohn, a native of Exln,
Prussia, aged 63 years.
(CT'Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Sun-
day), at 10 o'clock, at his late residence. 419
Van Ne?s nvenue. Interment Hills of Eter-
nity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Third and Townsend streets.
A. O. U. W.— To the officers and members of
Valley Lodge No. 30. A. O. U. W. : You are
kindly Ir.v!te3 to attend the funeral of our
late brother, E. Cohn. I. W. By order
JOHK F. CLOVER. M. W.
THOMAS H. LORD. Recorder.
GOST— In this city, January 14. IS9B, Bernard,
beloved husband of Rosalie Gost, and step-
father of Mrs. O. A. Lutren, Mrs. J. Seiwerd
and F. Roux, late Of Co! ma. a native of
Caen. France, aged SS years and 4 months.
(TXFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his son, F. Roux, 1003 Montgomery ave-
nue. Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
HARRIS— Henry, beloved son of Mr. and Mrs.
M. G. Harris, and brother of Mrs. Hertz-
berg and Samuel. Louis, Minnie and Ben
Harris, a native of San Francisco, aged 34
years.
iTTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) from his late residence, 1210 Bu-
chanan street. Interment Salem Cemetery,
San Mateo County, by train at Third and
Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock. Services
will be held in the house at 10 o'clock.
HEPBTjRN— In this city. January 15. 189$.
John v. Hepburn of Chicago, a native of
Canada, aXed 46 years 11 months and 10
days. (Chicago papers please copy.)
|C7"The remains will be sent to Chicago for
interment.
HERON— In this city. January 15. IS3B. Cor-
nelius Francis, dearly beloved son of Michael
and Nellie Heron, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 3 years and 6 months.
m?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to atfnd the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
the parents. 316 Golden Gate avenue. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
JACKSON— Li this city, January 13, IS9B, Mrs.
1314
B. M. A. .Tncks n. mother of Mrs. George Met-
calf and Samuel. William. John nnd George
Jackson, a native of England, aged 76 years
and " months
tnT The funeral services will be held
this day (Sunday), at 1 o'clock, at Uw-
The remains can be rlewed at the
residence of h*>r dau*ht.?r. Mrs. Ceorpe Met-
calf 41S G<>ary street, until Saturday even-
ing.
JACOBS— In this city. January 13 1898. Jacob,
dearly beloved husband of Sarah Jacobs, and
father of Jake and Joe Jacobs. Mrs. B. Ja-
cobs and Al Jacobs, a native of Strassburg.
Prussia, aged 73 years. 'New York papers
please copy.)
ETFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from hie late resi-
dence, 1615 Post rtreet Interment New Salem
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
JONES—I n this city. January 14. 1898. Belle.
b°loved wife of William F. .Tones, mother of
Annie. Mamie Belle, Rosie and Willie Jones,
daughter of Aaron nrvl Rosie Bramwell. and
sister of Mrs. P. H. Maloney and Aaron. Ro-
se and Robert BramwelU a native of San
Francisco, aged 37 years 3 months and 1.
days. ,
tCTFriends and acquaintances are respect*
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10:3il o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 325 Filbert street, between Kearnj ana
Montgomery, thence to st Francis Church,
where a requiem hich mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of h»r soul, commenc-
ing at 11 o'clock. Interment Holy cross
Cemetery.
LANK— In this city. January 13 189 S. Lorlnda
D., beloved wife of S. J. Lank, a native of
- Nova Scotia iTuro papers pi ease copy.)
[CTTrienUp and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the .amlly resi-
dence. 138 Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Ma-
sonic Cemetery.
LEART— In Port Costa, January 13, 1?98. Cath-
erine Leary. beloved mother of Dennis
L«ary of Port Costa, and Timothy, Daniel
and Julia Leary of San Fmnclsco. a native
of the parish of Inchigeela, County Cork. Ire-
land, aged 65 years.
(T?"Fr!end« and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), upon the arrival of the 9:20 boat.
Oakland ferry, thence to St. Patrick's
Church, Mission street, for services, at 10
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MeDF.VITT— In this city. January 15. IS9R.
Philip, beloved husband of Bridget McDevltt.
and brother of Mrs. Annie Conroy and Officer
Thomas Meehan. a native of Moville. County
Doneiral. Ireland, aged 50 years.
tC7"Friends and acnualntances are respect-
fully Invited to attpnd the funeral to-morrow
Monday), nt P-SO o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 11 F"<",eral street. t*">rce to St. Fren-
dnn'e Church, corner of Fremont and Har-
rlpnn Ftr»et*. where a requiem mass will be
held for the retype of his soul, commencing
nt 9 o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme-
tery.
T. of A.— To the officers and members of
Court Aurora No. 2. F. of A.: You are re-
quested to attend the funeral of our late
brother. P. McPevitt. from his late r»sl-
,Vr.ce 34 NatOTra street, tomorrow (Mon-
day), at B:30 o'clock. By .>p J ."- of
F. J. McDEVTTT, Chief Ranger.
MT'LLEN— In Oakland. January 15. 1898. Mrs.
Elizabeth Mullen, beloved mother of Mrs.
Mary A. Ames and Mr?. Sirah J. Denny, a
native nt New York. aged 76 years 2 months
and 21 days.
OSWALD— In Auburn. January 12. ISS^. John
Oswald, a native of Germany aged 72 years.
FATtKF.R— Tn Per.ryn. January 12, 189& Henry
Elon Parker, a native of Ohio, aped 63 years
6 months and 7 days.
PIERCE— In this city. January 18. IS9B. Violet
L beloved daughter of George H. and R. P.
Pierce, a native of California, aged 3 years
and 10 months.
PODD— In this city. January 14. W. Frank
William, beloved son of Ar.nle and Frank R.
Podd, a native of San Francisco, aged IS
years 9 months and 17 day?.
rr^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend th* funeral this day
(Sunday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the residence
of his parents. 722 Valencia street. Interment
Laurel Hill Cemetery.
RTETV- In this city. January 14 I«9S. William
Reed, a native of Ireland, aged 73 years.
SKAFTER— In this city. January 14. IS? 1 :. Har-
riet A., wife of General William R. Shafter.
U. S. A., a native of Rome, N. T., aged 5"
year* and 9 months
C^Frlend? are respectfully Invited to at-
tend th» funeral service? this day (Sun-
day), at 2 o'clock, at Fort Mascn. Interment
National Cemetery. Presidio.
CHAW- Salinas, January 12. 1898, Mrs. M.
T. Shaw, beloved mother of Charles R. and
Edward J. Shaw, a native of Louisiana, aged
B years.
E3Triends and acquaintances are respect-
"ully Invited to attend the funeral this day
Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of "Porter ft White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
TRAVIS— In Astoria. Ore.. January 15. ISSB,
Nellie, dearly beloved wife of Frank Travis,
and beloved daughter of James and the late
Ji hannafa Hnrrineton.
TRF.PF.R— In this city. January I^. 1898, Ol*a
Amanda Trader, rir-arly beloved daughter of
Otti and L<vi'*e D-lcke. ar.d sister of Mrs
Opcar VenltlSCh, Mrs. pr. <; Mlei Of Den-
ver nnd Henry and Arthur Treder. a native
nf O=hk^sh. Wls., aef-d C 6 years 10 months
find 17 dl
VER MEHR- In Kin.err.an. Ariz., January 12.
1*95. Antoinette R.. wife of Alfred de It.
Ver Mehr. ard daughter of the late lU>n.
Charles V. and Ellen M. Ptuart. a native of
Fan Francisco.
[7 Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral this dr.y (Sunday), at ?:>>
o'clock, from the residence of Judge J. M.
Seawe'.l. 421 Baker street.
WALL— In this city, January 15. 1898, Thomas
H.. beloved husband of All Wall, a native
of Ireland, aped CO years.
TATEP— In this city, January 13. IS9S. Kate
Tates, beloved daughter of Mr?. Hannah
Kees'ne. and mother of Jessel. Algernon.
Aubrey and Edomion Tates, a native of San
Francisco, aced 4? years.
ETFriemls are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day Sunday), at 10
o'clock, from the residence of Mrs. Rose
Levy. 2381 Clay street. Interment Home of
Peace Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train from
Th ; and Townsend ■•■■■•-
I"""" ".McAVOY GALLAGH ft"" i'
FUNERAL DIRECTORS k EMBALMERS I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp Lincoln School. g
Telephone. South 80. _____
F L GUXTZ. H. XV. GAXTXER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funeral Directors & Embalmcps.
8 and 10 CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 4G2. ___^
JAS. EXGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBALMERS.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van New aye., near Market St., San
FYanclsco. Telephone 80. 156.
Estab. 185 S. Tel. South 47.
CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for the use
cf oui patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
RELA ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
J. Fred and Rose Schlinpman to Eleanora K.
Stone (wife of. Charles Hi. lot- on N line of
Green street, 163 : C Eof Devisadero, E 6:4 by X
137:6; $10.
San FranciFco Ravines I'nlon to Helen F.
Solomons (wife of Lucius L.), lot on SW corner
of- Chestnut a.nd KroUerick streets. S 275. "W
112:6, N 137:6. W 181:6, N 137:-;, E 275; $10.
William W. and Carrie F. Rednall to Reason
B. Beall. lot on B line of Liberty street. 280 W
of Church, W 25 by B 1H $10.
William T. and Mary A Phelps to Charles F.
Blandtn. all interest In following, lot on S
line of Geary street, 80:5 W of K<>arny. S 50:0%,
SW :',MI" 7 v. N 205, h. 60. N -". W 2<J. NT 50. E
155:6, B 74:€. W 30. B 3. X 50:6, X 77:6. E 156:6:
also lasehold In lot on BE corner of Geary and
Dupont streets, E M, S GO, X 20, B 20. \V 60,
>: 70, 77 leases :;■"'•. 7S leases '•»•. and 142, also
property In outside counties; $5.
Lemenda B. i'eabody (widow of W. F. ) to
California Title. Insurance and Trust Co.. lot
on BW line Fifth street, 115 SE of Folsom. SE
25 by SW 75; $1.
Estate William F. Peabody (by V. P. Deer-
Ing, administrator) to same, same; $5400.
Emanuel Lewis to A. J. Lachman. lot on E
corner Mission -street and Brazil avenue, BE
163:6, XE 200. XW 100. SW 126, NW 83:6. SW
75, block 2, Excelsior Homestead; $10.
piameda County.
Edward P. and Emma P. Flint to Helen P.
Lyman. lot on NE line of Mobs avenue, 410-30
N\v of Walsworth. MB 140. N\V >.<.!.:. s\v HO,
BE 60 to beginning, being lot 1, block B, Flint
tract No. 4, to correct 446 d 266, Oakland: gift.
Myron T. and Marlon B. Holcomb to E. A.
Heron, lot on N line of Eleventh street, 180 E
of Oak. X 40 by N 100, block 166, Oakland; $10.
Mary H. and I. M. Wentworth to V. D.
Moody, lot on \v line of Locksley avenue. 248
S of Clifton street, S 30 by \V 100. being the S
23 feet of lot 19 and N 15 feet of lot 20. Locks
ley square, Oakland Annex; HO.
Frederic)] W. McCann to Florence M. Me-
Cann, lot on E line of Wheeler street. 200 N of
Ashby avenue, N 50 by E 125, being lot 6, block
A, Suburban tract, Berkeley; $10.
Edward K. Taylor, E. M. and Jennie A.
Smith to Mary F. Dawson. lot on N line of
Eagle avenue, 13*- : 1 W of Willow street, \V 34:7
by N 150, block 13, lands adjacent to Encinal.
Alameda: $10.
Sarah Humphrey to Omar J. Humphrey, lot
on N line of San Jose avenue, 400 W of
Twenty-first street. W CO by X 160, being lot
1, block M. property Pioneer Homestead Asso
ciation, Alamcda; $10. ■ ■ .
Andrew J. and Sophia M. Snyder to Nina
"Watson, lot on N line of Snyder avenue, 175 W
of San 'Pablo avenue, W 60 by N 118:5, lots 2
and 8. block A, 178 map at subdivision of : lot
1 and S half of lot 2, corrected map Snyder
Homestead Tract, Berkeley; $10.
Lizzie M. Ferrler to Eureka Oil Works (a
corporation), undivided half Interest In lot SW
corner Third and Bristol streets, W 108 by . S
100, block S9. Tract B. Berkeley Land and
Township Improvement Association, Berkeley:
i $10.
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was an Insignificant decline in min
ing stocks again yesterday under the usual
dull business. These securities change very
little nowadays.
The million and Challenge assessments fall
delinquent in board to-morrow, and the Scor
pion delinquent sale takes place also.
I An Official telegram received at the Consoll
: dated California and Virginia office yesterday
stated that the ore output of the mine last
week amounted to sir tons, of the average as
say value of $51 K.
; The Hongkong and Shanghai Banking Corpo
' ration has declared a regular half yearly divi
dend of £1 r ,:; per .-hare, which is at th»
rate of about 20 per cent per annum on the par
! value of the stock. There has been $1,000,000
added to the reserve and $300,000 has been car
ried forward.
Highest prices of stock* during the. week:
Nanie~of~Stock."~~ J M.j T. |W.I T. I F. \ S.
Alpha I 07! 071 07! M "7 07
Alta 121 12 12 II IS 13
j Andes ; 12 12 12 121 11 1 1!
Belcher 371 41 i SRI » V 37
Best & Belcher 47 471 45i frf)l 45! 45
Bullion '.... 03 03 04! 04' 0"!
Caledonia !.-...!....! 1C!....i....
I Challenge 24! 24! 20! 21! ?" 2'"'
! Chollar 27! 271 25 1 M 24 O.
Con. ''al. & Va 1 20; i 1511 2011 2011 1511 15
: Confidence j "M SO; 80 7*. 7:,
I Crown Point : 24! 27 2f, 27 271 26
I Gould & Curry 34 33! 321 S.II 33! 32
I Hale * Norcross 1 30 1 2511 2511 30 1 BD 25
i Mexican 241 24 24 25! 231 21
Ophir I Rfi 5Si S3 l S7I 6«! 55
Overman 11! 12! 091 11 111 11
Occidental 1 3^l 2S!I 3' 1 4111 50! 145
; Potosi '■ 321 331 31 32 32 Si
Savage I 18 161 1«, 19 151 17
Peg. Belcher 07! 07 07 06 (6 07
Standard 140 1 3511 41 1 4011 40
Sierra Nevada ! 6Ri 67 F«i «0| F7 ! R9
' ITnlon 851 34 331 S«l S«i I*
1 Utah 101 09 081 09 09 OS
I Yellow Jacket 84! 34 35 35, 32 33
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session — 9:30.
St ••jy.stacr 7 issa 001 500 Con New York.. 01
IT sepuvooz 100 Gould & Curry. 31
! ft bjiv 005 F.on Julia 02
; 200 Chollar 23 3W Sierra Nev .... 67
! 50 Con Cal & Va..l 15 100 Union Con 35
: 500 Con Imperial .. 01 ! 200 Yellow Jacket.. 31
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo:3o.
j 300 Alpha 05 1 300 Gould & Curry 33
300 ita 13.800 32
3no Best & Belchr.. 46 400 Justice 33
500 Bullion 14 i 200 Mexican 22
1000 Challenge Con. 20 ; EOO Opnlr E6
1500 21 500 Overman 11
60*1 Chollar 22 300 Sierra Nev 66
SCO 23,900 , 59
250 Con Cal & Va.. IHi7OO Union Con 35
300 Crown Point .. 2.'. 200 Yellow Jacket .. 31
500 Hale & Norcrs.l 30 1
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY, Jan. 15—12 m.
! Alpha Con 07 09 i Julia 01 —
Alta 12 13 Justice 32 34
Andes 11 12 j Kentuck 05 06
Belcher 35 37 Mexican 21 22
Best & Belchr. 45 4S Occidental . 145 —
Bullion 03 04 Ophir D sf«
Caledonia — 20 Overman 11 12
Chollar 22 23 : Potosl 31 83
Con Cal & Va.l 10 115 Savage 16 17
; Challenge Con. 20 21 : Seg Belchr 06 07
Con Imperial . 01 02 ! Scorpion — 05
I Confidence 7.". — i Sierra Nev 59 SO
! Crown Point . . 26 27 \ Sliver Hill .... 03 04
I Con New York. 01 02 j Standard 140 —
] Eureka Con .. 25 — ! Union Con .... 3" 36
! Gould & Curry. 32 3" T"tah 08 10
Hale & Norcrs.l 2") I 30 ' Yellow Jacket. 31 32
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Jan. 15—10:30 a. m.
Bid. Asked I Bid. Asked
U S Lionds— Oakland Gas.. 55^i —
: 4s quar c0up.. 114 115U Pac Gas Im.. 934 —
4s quar res. .112 — Pac LCo 55*; 56<4
4s ouar new ..125 — S F G & K. :■: \ 954
Miscellaneous— San Fran 3U ZH
i Cal-st Cab F.f.112'4 — Stockton lias. 14»i —
I Cal El L 65.12« i Insurance—
C C Wat 55. .100 — Flrem's Fnd..lSs —
Dup-st ex c. — 95% Bank Stocks—
ELft P 65.. 129 — Anglo-Cal .... 56H —
F& Co Ryfis.llfi — Bank of Ca1. .2474 —
Geary-st R s=. — 101 Cal SD & T.. 99 101
jH C .<> fl 5»4..102 107 First Nat .. IK 205
2, AL Co is.. — 100 Lon P & A....129U —
Do gntd 6s. P9i,4lolVi Mer Exchnge. 12 —
Market-st 15. .138 — Nev Nat B 150 —
Do Ist Mss.ll3*ill4U Savings Banks-
Nat Yin (S lsts — 100 Ger S & L..1473 1620
NCg Ry 75.. MHIOI Hum S * L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..10)5i» — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal 55.. 102 — s F Say U.. 475 —
KPC Ry 6s. 10414 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC Ry 6s. !>9*i — Security Sv. 250 —
Oak Gas 55.. .104 — Union T *"o. '50 —
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 112 Street Railroad—
:Om Ry to....UBHUa California ....108 110**
p*O ny 6s.no us Geary . 40 — '
P» CH Rv6s.lOS 10"> Market-st . . . . 52^ 53
Powell-st 15...1U%12E Oak SL& H. — —
Reno WL6L.. — 105 Presidio 7 —
j Sac ElecßySs. — 100 Powder—
ISF &N P 55.104'5,10r.' ! 4 California .... 9*141071*
1 S I' of A- Is. — 102 R Dynamite .. K5 "M "
! S P Cal 65....109U110 Giant Con Co 17% 38
i SPC i«;t eg ss. tSHlfla Vlgorlt .... , 36i3 6 i 3-»
I S P Hr t0. ...in) 109^ M'-celianeoua
s V Wat 65..ll r -Vi — A an Awn.. W4IOO
I B V Wat 4s 1021, — Ger L<l Wks.loo _
Ptrrk Gar. 65.. 100 — HC & S Co.. M% 31
Water— Hutch S P Co. tl% 42^i
Contra Costa. 50 6"i~ Me Ex Ai«n.. SO —
Mnrin t-n ....SO - Vat Yin Co .. — V.i
Spring Val ...lOO^IOOH Oc s Co 34H 35
Gas A Ele«ftrlc- ; Pac A F Al.. 1 2%
c«»nt Gaslight. %'i — Pac Bo C 0... ?3 —
Capital Gas... — — par Paint Co. 6% —
M E L C 0.... 15' ii 13%
MORNING SESSION— IO:*O.
70 Oian Powder Con 3.500
5 Hutchlnaon S P Co 41 5714
R5 tlo do "42 00
75 Pacific Gas Imp $375
5 Pacific Lighting 55 00
11 Pacific Coapt Coast Borax 93 00
$".nno Park and Cliff House Bonds, a 30.. 109 00
105 8 I" Gas and Electric 9* 25
65 Spring Valley Water 100 37*4
" do do 100 2"
425 Visorlt. Powder 375
25 S tr^ t _ *• : 3 3714
Street— °*
3.", First National Rank 200 00
10 L 1' and A Hank 130 00
25 Market-street Railway 5275
LAST TRIBUTE OF RESPECT.
Regains of Ex-Sergeant Gideon
Thompson Laid at Rest.
The funeral of ex-Sergeant of Police
Gideon Thompson was held from his late
residence, Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets, to St. Joffli's Episcopal Church,
thence to the Odd Fellows' Cem
etery, yesterday afternoon. At the
church the police choir sans: sweetly,
■•(..>, the Seal of Death Is Breaking."
"Still. Still With Thee." and "Nearer Mv
God, to Thee." '
Captain Spillane was In command of an
escort of twenty-four men. and 1 Chief
Lees and a large number of members of
the deptartment and other friends were
present to pay a last tribute of respect
to the memory of the deceased, who dur
ing- his life was held in high esteem by
his brother officers and all who knew
him. Ihe floral offerings were also nu
merous and chaste.
« ♦ .
Kertdal Arraigned.
J. B. Kendal. alias K*>rby. the counter
feiter, was arraigned In Judge Conlan's
court yostprday on three rharpes When
asked by the Judpp if he would be ready
to proceed on Monday he innocently re
plied: "Yes, your Honor. I'll try and be
here. '
» ♦ ■
Nay .Furnish a Clew.
MlrhnH McCarran, who was robbed of
JS(i<> and a Ffdora hat on Thursday even
ins:, mrplßlnwi to the police yesterday
that his assailant attacked him not at 25C
Minna street but at th<> corner of Fourth
and Minna streets. This may furnish the
police with a clew.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 15.
Stmr Arcata. Hughes. 63 hours from Coos
Bay; pass and mdse. to O C * N Co.
SAILED.
Saturday. January 15.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, Fort Bragg.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SAN DlEGO— Arrived Jan Schr Rnby A
Cousins, from Redondo.
Sailed Jan — V S stmr Alert, for San Juan
del Sur; Hr ship Roby.
FORT BRAGG-Salled Jan 15— Stmr Tllla
mook, for San Francisco..
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
AMSTERDAM— SaiIed Jan 15— Stmr Amster
dam, for New York. . ■•■ ■
i QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Au
l ranla, from New York for Llverpoool.
IMPORTATIONS.. . . ,
COOS BAT— Arcata -539 bxs 1 bbl apples.
1 bx mdse. 4 bales flannel, 3 bxs 1 keg butter,
14 C 8 eggs, 10 cs cheese, S2 »kH potatoes, 1 box
shoes, 2 bxs specimens. 11 ■ pcs hardwood, 425
tons coal, I pkgs express.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Arcata— Pacific Transfer Co; Garcia &
Magßlni; Bandon Woolen-mill*: Erlanger &
Gallnßcr; Thomas Loughran; Marshall Teg
gart & Co; Hilmer. BredhofT & Bchul2; Dalton
Bros; M V Detels; Hunt. Hatch A- Co: Immtl
& Co; McDonouKh * Runyo«; Wells, Fargo &
Co; Cahn, Nickelsburg & Co.
THE SAy FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANITABY 16, 1898.
EVERY PROMISE
WAS FULFILLED
The New Era Edition of
The Call Failed in No
Particular.
I Affidavits Proving That Good
Faith Was Kept With
All.
— — — _ ___ __ /
There Was Nothing Yellow About
Either the Paper or Its
Circulation.
In these days when yellow fakers
flourish In the fields of Journalism and
contest with legitimate newspapers the
right to live there Is so much fraud
committed in the name of Journalistic
: enterprise that the public is often skep
tical and Incredulous of the honesty of
any newspaper that undertakes the ac
j complishment of an enterprise of more
I than ordinary, magnitude.
So many newspapers have at one
time or another announced the publi
cation of some enormous edition, and
SUPREME COURT
ON SHARP DEALS
A Very Pointed 'Decision Ren
dered in a Los Angeles
Land Case.
It Places a Well - Known Real
Estate Agent In a Bad
Box.
The Supreme Court has laid down a lit
the law which Is likely to have a good
effect upon a certain kind of land job
then defaulted either in the issue of the
stated number of copies, or else in the
circulation of them, that all such edi
tions are now watched with suspicion.
Even when the edition Is issued hy a
paper of such high repute for honesty
that no one doubts the fulfillment of
every promise made in the prospectus,
there is always some faker or enemy
in journalism ready to suggest the
doubt. It has therefore become neces
sary for even the most worthy and
honorable newspapers to give proof to
the public of the absolute performance
of every promise made in the issuing
of editions of that kind.
The Call rejoices that but few per
sons or papers have ever <-xpressed a
doubt that th^- New Era Edition of 3",0.
000 copies was printed, published and
circulated exactly as promised. This
evidence of public confidence is grat
ifying. XeverthHeps we feel that
some positive testimony of the per
formance of trw- promise should be
given and therefore we publish the fol
lowing affidavits:
We invite close scrutiny of the state
ments made: C. H. Crocker, general
manager of the H. P. Crocker Company,
certifies that his rnmpany made and
delivered to The Call 354,500 covers for
the New Era Edition. W. B. Hin
chllffe, foreman of the pressroom, cer
tifies that he printed 354.500 copies of
the edition and delivered them to the
mailing department. W. N. Donald
son, superintendent of the mailing de
partment, certifies that he distributed
through the United States postofflce,
Wells Fargo and Company's express,
and the carriers In this city before De
cember 30. 18P7. 354.500 copies of the edi
tion, all of them properly addressed to
Individuals.
Every promise made in the prospec
tus of the New Era Edition was ful
filled. Read the affidavits.
hers, known as real estate agents, who
are not particular in their business meth
ods. The matter under consideration
grew out of a land deal in Los Angeles.
; fc. J. Bryant, who was a well and favor
ably known real estate dealer in that
<lty. was indicted for defrauding and
Cheating Harriot E. Hoxie out of $50 on
a land deal. According to the charge he
Induced her to part with her money by
Belling and a— lgnlng to her two promis
sory notes, ma. !.■ to him by Emma A.
Lewis, together with a mortgage on two
i lots to secure the payment thereof.
Bryant, in order to Induce the woman to
j purchase, represented that the mortgaged
property was good tillable land and of a
j value more than sufficient to cover the
The Soft Glow of the Tea Rose
is acquired by ladies who use Pozzoni's
Complexion Powbkk. Try it.
amount of the notes; and to satisfy her
he took her out into the country and
showed her two pieces of land, but the
lots were not those described in the mort
gage, as afterward shown. In this lay
the charge of obtaining money by false
pretenses, for the woman took up the
notes and paid over the money.
To the Indictment Bryant demurred,
and wus sustained by the Superior Court,
contending that the fraudulent represen
tation charged In the indictment related
solely to the property, and did not come
under the statute, as the mortgage was
only a security for the payment of the
note and it was not charged that the
maker of the note was unable to pay the
same or that the note had not been paid.
The District Attorney appealed from tho
order sustaining the demurrer. The Su
preme Court did not sustain the lower
court in its construction of the law.
NO KNIFE USED!
Mr. Bradensteln, 1912 Fillmore street,
states that he saw Dr. Chamley, 719
Market street, remove and cure a can
cer of the whole breast on his sister
in-law without any pain. The lady
weighed only M pounds, and did not
lose 5 pounds during the whole treat
ment. She was confined three months
later and had a healthy child.
Dr. Chamley's treatment is the mild
est and most wonderful ever known. He
sends a 75-page book free on cancers
and tumors cured without knife or
pain. •
WILL CORBETT
CONQUER FITZ ?
What Will Happen if These
Fistic Exponents Meet
Again ?■
Good Reason to Believe That Our
Jim Will Be Champion
Once More.
The lovers of fistic art are now bus
ily engaged in discussing the prospective
meeting of the two heavy fellows, for
that event would appear to be an as
sured fact judging from late develop
ments in that controversy. Although
Fitz is somewhat dilatory about entang
ling himself in another conflict with a
man whom ho has once defeated. still
he no doubt will finally succumb to the
matures of C'orbett if for no other rea
son than that he will soon "need the
money." and he can make more by this
match than any other. It is more than
probable that their war of words. In
which they are now forcibly indulging, is
but a preliminary to the more important
battle that is to come. Who knows but
this agitation between them is carried on
for the purpose of creating interest in the
affair and to assure its financial success?
Both men have their devoted admirers,
but it seems to be the consensus of opin
ion that our Jim will be the victor in
the return engagement and thus redeem
hi- lost prestige.
Professor Walter "Watson, who Is com
petent to talk on the subject, is ni^st
emphatic lp his expression of opin
ion that Corbett will win the next time
and advnnces the theory that this should
be the outcome because experience is the
best teacher, and the defeated gladiator
has thoroughly learned his sa<l lesson. In
his ('arson light with Fitzsimmons t 'orbett
was trained entirely too Ane on account
of too much hard work on the last two
days of his training. He is Inclined to
be somewhat vain of his physical accom
plishments, and the day before the great
struggle he aired them for the edification
of some Eastern friends connected with
the New York Athletic < - luh, and thus
over-exertM himself to nn alarming ex
tent. Again hf» overdid his outdoor ex«»r
i is»» and tn that way left his strength
on the road Instead of taking it In the
ring with him. In his fight with Sharkey
he made the grave mistake of not train
ing at all. and with Fitzslmmons he com
mitted the opposite •■rr'>r of training too
much. It wr\s a fatal proceeding in the
second case and came very near being so
In the first The consequence was that
his blows lacked steam and he was un
able to finish VUz in the sixth round,
as he wotiid have done had he used bet
ter judgment in his training prepara
tions.
Another reason for his defeat can be
ascribed to <'orhett not sizing: Kifz up
-My. He labored under the Impres
sion that the latter was a hard hitter
hut not particularly clever in the boxing
line, and he. therefore, was exceedingly
wnrv and cautious in the opening rounds.
He f"un«i <>ut. however, very shortly, thai
he should have pin ss.'.l again and lust
the other way. for he discovered that his
antagonist developed extranrdli ary fistic
ability as the rounds proceeded but his
bl iwi were not very powerful ones, and
all but the one that did the business were
Ineffective, as Corbett's appearance after
the contest Indicated.
Th- ■• seems to he abundant reason for
bellevine now that Corbett Is aware of his
rival's deficiencies that he will, with the
wisdom born of experience, take advant
age of the bitter lesson he has learned.
and It Is plausible to suppose that he wfil
be In the proper condition to make the
fleht of his lif«. and be again proclaimed
champion of the world.
TO SAVE WORDEN'S LIFE.
Building Trades Council Has Sent
a Petition to Governor
Budd.
At the last meeting of the Building
Trades Council a committee was appoint
ed to take special action on the Worden
case and consider what further steps
could be taken In behalf of the con
demned man. The committee, after due |
consideration, drew up the following peti- !
tion, which will at once be forwarded to !
Governor Budd:
Hall of Building Trades Council. 915H
Market street.
To His Excellency. Governor James H.
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDS IT FREE.
A Never Failing Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUX MANLINESS QUICKLY REPLACES THE
WORM OUT NERVES AND VIGOR.
When a man's strength and vigor Is
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous DebWity. Emissions,
Lame Back and the ' various other
troubles of Sexual Weakness, until It
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But providential
inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
or old, who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may have
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and vigor of
youth. Now. when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because I want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could
they but get such a remedy as the one
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get. are
worth a fortune to some men, and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178
Masonic Temple, Kalamazoo, Mich.,
: and the information will be mailed in a
I plain, sealed envelope.
lash
Budd, Sacramento, Cal. Dear Sir: The
Building Trades Council of San Francisco,
in regular meeting assembled, respect
fully prny your Excellency t". in your
official capacity, exercise in behalf of S.
D. Worden executive clemency. The
Building Trades Council feels that at this
time the honor of the State and liberty
of the people and the faithful adminis
tration of true justice Is at stake. We,
your petitioners, further feel ami have
heretofore demonstrated, but apparently
to no purpose, that the decree of the
court was a most unjust one. that the
man was irresponsible and in a fair trial
before a fair jury of his peers could
never have been convicted of capital of
fense, of which an ignominious death at
the hands of the executioner is the pen
alty.
We therefore appeal to you as an up
right man who loves Justice to use your
prerogative in behalf of this man. not
only in consideration of the individual's
life' at stake, hut for the upholding of
several principles of our land which en
title all to enjoy the priceless boon of
life, liberty and' pursuit of happiness.
J. W. FOSE,
W. PAOE.
M. C. HBNCKEN,
GEORGE J. CROSSLET,
Committee.
A YOUNG WOMAN'S RIGHTS
An Interesting Supreme Court De-
cision in the Dittrich-
Gobey Case.
Mrs. Mary E. Dlttrich was formerly the
wife of Frank Gobey. he of Welsh rare
bit and cocktail fame on Sutter street.
In 1880 the couple were divorced and the
custody of their minor child, Camille,
was vested in the maternal parent. In
1893 the divorced parties entered into a
contract, under which Gobey was to
have charge of the child's education and
bear all of the expenses of traveling,
clothing, etc., until she should have,
reached her eighteenth year. At the ex
piration of that time Gobey agreed to
restore Camille to her mother, free of
expense, and for any failure to do so
should be, under the contract, liable for
$1000 as liquidated damages.
The child became IS years of age in
September. 1532. Her father offered to
aliow her to return to her mother, but
the young lady had a mind of her own
and expressly refused to go. The mother
mad" a formal demand, but Gobey
failed to comply and afterward died.
The executor of the estate is Jess*
bey, and against him Mrs. Dittrich, the
mother, began an action to recover the
SlmiO as penalty for a breach of contract.
The executor won.
Justice Garoutte sustains the judg
ment of the lower court. He holds the
contract was that the father should af
ford the facilities for the daughter to re
turn to her mother at the time stated
and could not be construed as uncondi
tional, for to attempt to force the young
lady to return to her mother would be \o
infringe upon the former's rights, she
having attained her majority. There was
no reason to suppose that the contract
was alternative— to return the girl to her
mother at the time specified or pay $1000.
Asthma, bronchitis, cum jruaranfd. Dr. Gor
din> Sanitarium. 514 Pine. nr. Kearny, S.F.. Cal
The Story of a Specialist.
R. C. Morgan, editor of the London
Christian, will deliver an address at the
Young Men's Christian Association Audi
torium. Mason and Bills streets, this
afternoon at ?, o'clock, and his subject
will he "The Story of a Specialist." Mr.
Morgan, has a world-wide reputation as
an editor and philanthropist. atul his
paper has the largest circulation of any
religious paper published He .n on a
brief visit to America, ami this will be his
only public address in San Francisi
be leaves for the south on Tuesday \t
rvice to-day the ladies' junior quar
• the First Baptist church will si:;^
! elections. The meeting will he
"pen to the public and p.H are invited
both men and women.
United States Grand Jury,
The United States Grand Jury held a
regular session last Friday and adjourn
ed until next Tuesday without making
any report. The statement in a morning
paper yesterday that ex-Collector Well
burn had been indicted is untrue.
NEW TO-DAY.
METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY. FIRST-CLASS WORK.
The Largest and Best Equipped Dental Offices on This Coast.
J £Y§M/ly If ie v need attention, ma
fj£h^^j^s2/ be filled or extracted at
W^SfcW/ 7 our offices PAINLESSLY.
We will giT« $SOO if we cannot perform any ordinary extraction without pain. We hart
Specialists in every department.
GOLD FILLINGS from ........ 75 C — NO PAIN
SILVER FILLINGS from ------- 25c— NO PAIN
CLEANING TEETH from 50c.
PLATES, warranted to fit, from ------ $5.00
Remember, we have one of the best plate-workers on the Pacific Coast. No charge for extracting teeth
when plates are ordered. Order your plates in the morning and get them same day.
TEETH WITHOUT PLATES, per tooth - - from $3.50
GOLD CROWNS, 22-k -- from $3.50
Hours— 9 to 6:30 and 7:30 to 10. ALL WORK WARRANTED.
Sundays till 4. . METROPOLITAN DENTAL PARLORS
(Opp. Phelan Monument) 927 Market Stroet— 927
U ILL ! ~^
I U I y&m Ml / /
A Colorado Editor says ot Ripans Tabules:
— _____
" For heartburn, dizziness and headache I have
never found the equal of
R-l-P-A-N-S Tabules
And other members of my family use them for
various ills with excellent results. I cannot afford
to keep house nor run a print shop without
them, nor do I believe any one else can afford
, not to use them. They are a wonder."^^
WHERE GO THE
HORSE WHEN DEAD
Used for Food to Stimulate the
Hen to Bring Forth the
Egg-
Consideration of Scientific Phases of
a Question Which Appeals to
the Intellectual Stomach.
_
The chicken is not a particular sort of
bird as to its diet. It Will eat anything
of a size to find room in its elastic crop.
! This circumstance, however, gets a little
ahead of the story.
1 It is a recognized fact in science that
the same element enters into the composi
tion of many different organisms. For in
stance, that which is a portion of a cow
| one season might be recognized some oth
er season as a blade of grass, a flower, a
mushroom, a toad, or be traced to a posi
tion in some human body. On second
i thought, these commonplace reflections
! are ahead of the story, too.
To get down to stern realities, there
was a curiosity to know what became of
dead horses. In the natural course of
events more or less dead horses are cer
tain to accumulate, unless there be steps
taken to remove them. There was a time
when the deceased equine was incinerat
ed. He was reduced to ashes along with
the other evidences of civilization. Sud
denly he ceased to appear. Either tho
horse had quit dying, or a new use had
been found for him. • It was learned that
the dogs out at the coursing track had
been induced to regard him as edible, and
that properly cooked he answered the
purpose of soup, entree, roast and des
sert. But the owners of the dogs did not
indorse this view, and one market for
dead horse became stagnant. Yet the
horse that had laid down the burden of
life failed to appear at the .old haunts.
The experts of the dumps were puzzled.
Among those whose love for investiga
tion led them to look into this matter was
a veterinary surgeon. Others might be
deluded, but he knew that horses occa
sionally rested from their labors. He as
certained a few things: When a horse has
ceased to be useful to the extent of giv
ing up the ghost, it is Idle to suppose that
he vanishes into thin air. He couldn't do
it. No; the custom is to ship n!m to Pet
1 aluma or some other point at which the
chicken Is the staff of life, and utilize him
as feed. Before shipment he la cut to
convenient size. After shipment he is cut
\ to bits, and by the subtile scheme of na
i ture converted into eggs and broilers.
The question arises, and here there shall
I be no attempt to answer it. whether an
egg composed of the constituent parts of
what was dead horse is worthy the public
confidence. Perhaps the spavined, swee
nied. wind-broken horse, the horse that
lies down In harness and expires, may
appear again in the form of eggs and bo
wholesome. Possibly the secret processes
of nature may enable the tender chicken
to burst from Its shell untainted of th«
dead horse from which it sprang. Human
judgment is weak and the human stom
ach is subject to qualms. Yet when hu
| man Judgment declares that horse meat,
i the same havin»r become horse meat by
, malady, is not fit to form the nucleus n'f
generations of chickens yet unborn, tho
human stomach Indorses The verdict, and
: seems to have some excuse for being pos
'■ itive about it.
A Sovereign RemcHv.
Dr. Parker's C'ougrh Cure. 1 dope wll! stop
cough; never fails; 2".c: all drujrrrista. •
Lecture by Professor Grlggs.
Edward Howard Gripps. professor of
ethics at Stanford University, will five
a course of three lectures at the Unita
rian church, corner of Fourteenth and
Castro streets, Oakland, Sunday eVen-
Inga at 7:30. as follows: January 16. "The
Spiritual Functions of Modern Poetry":
January 23. "The Philosophy of Tenny
son January 30, "Browning's Interpre
tation of Life."ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
FIGHT FOR
HILL'S LIFE
To Be Renewed as Soon
as Sentence Is
Passed.
The Order Frotn Washington
Has Not Yet Been
Received.
Grer.t Increase of Interest in the
Efforts to Obtain n Com
mutation.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
9 -v Broadway, Jan. 15.
Benjamin Hill is more fortunate than
"was his late companion in San Quen
tln, who died protesting his innocence.
In one case the court on one occasion
wag so anxious to expedite justice that
it did not wait for remittiturs from
"Washington, but went ahead on the
strength of telegraphic information.
In the case of Hill the conditions are
reversed. Forty-five days have passed
since the Supreme Court of the United
States decided that there was no merit
in his appeal to that tribunal, and so
Oakland's Murderer-Evangelist, About Whose Remittitur There Is
No Hurry.
Drcwo From His Picture In the Rogues' Gallery.
far nothing has been heard of it. Hill
expe< ■ id to this coun
ty to hear another day set for bis
the day the belfry murders
were 1 xpiated, but lie has not yet been
distur:
Deputy District Attorney Greene said
to-day that nothing had been heard of
the order from Washington, although
it should have come, under ordinary
olrcumstances, in about thirty days.
As soon as it arrives th»- District At
torney will ask th>- court to set a day
for the repaselng of sentence.
As soon as the day of execution is set
NO FOOTBALL COLORS
TIED TO CROSSES.
Rev. Marshall Law, the Rector-Editor, Uses
Some Critical Vitriol.
OAKLAND, Jan. I",.— The question of whether girls should sing In Epis
copal churches has long been a debatable point among Episcopal clergynu-n.
Rev. Marshal I>aw. rector of the Church of the Advent. Issued to-day a crit
icism of the festival of the San Francisco and Oakland Vested Choir Asso
ciation, and incidentally he said much to stir up his brother rectors. Rev
Floyd J. Mynard, rector of St. Johns, where the festival was held, was asked
for an opinion regarding: the criticism published In Choir and Nave, and
readily gave it.
The ideas of the two rectors are subjoined:
Key. J-loyd J. Mynard says:
The excellent work of the five choirs of
vested -men and boys in the festival held
on "Wednesday evening last 1 has. received
most enthusiastic commendation from
many who composed the congregation of
"800" In the "little church" of.. St. John's.
Oakland. There are. in fact, no evidences
Of anything but complete satisfaction, **-
cept on the part of the Choir ami N
critic at large. But" even its strictures
may be -accounted for on the ground -of
"offensive partisanship."
Perhaps the excellent work, was more
distracting to the critic than was the
director's baton to the boys /whose- eyes
were so "glued to the scores'.' as to make
them "utterly oblivious" of the director's
presence. But quite as likely the Choir
and Nave failed to appreciate the fact
that the 200 men and boys were singing
as men ar«d boys, and not as men and
women. This fact Influenced the choice
of music and the rendering of it. The
"tuneful" jingle of lighter music' was
lacking from deliberate choice. For it
was substituted the less operatic but
more sober and worshipful music' es
pecially adapted to choirs composed of
men and boys. From that standpoint the
selections were most admirable, and "all
the singing was true to pitch and excel
lent in time where the time moved
straight ahead." which was continuously.
We are sorry that in future we must
qualify our hitherto high opinion of the
musical ability back of. the ' Choir and
Nave, since it advises remedying defects
in boy sopranos by adding women so
pranos. That any musician should at
tempt to combine two things so utterly
different is past understanding.
The management sympathized with the
Choir and Nave In its reverence ,for "the
Cross of Christ— the flag of heaven"— as
was shown by their care that not a sin
gle cross should have a ribbon upon It.
The colors of the different choirs were
tied to the standards upon which the
crosses were borne.
The service Wednesday evening was a
sample of a service rendered by men, and.
Do>B. The "association" has no quarrel '
with those who prefer other choirs and
other music, but is satisfied in the opin
ion that the service in question deserved .
commendation for body, heartiness, power ■
ana worehlpfulneas
all the efforts that have heretofore
been made to obtain clemency from
Governor Budd will be renewed, and
all the pressure possible will be bnmght
to bear to save the murderer's life.
Attorneys Chapman and Bradley, as
sisted by W. W. Poote, have already
done much work, and have stated their
determination to go ahead and not
cease till a reprieve or the gallows
makes further efforts useless.
Every few days Hill writes to sime
of the prisoners in the County Jail
with whom he is acquainted, and his
letters are all in the nature of sermons.
The murderer expresses perfect indif
ference regarding his fate, and says
that he has no desire to live, except to
convert others. There will be some
monster petition presented to the Gov
ernor as soon as Hill has been resen
tenced.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, Jan. IT..— Two Interesting
additions nave been made to the Univer
sity library. One is a volume ..f German
i by Theodore Klrchoff of San Fran
cisco, and tbe other is a uniquely bound
copy of "The Missions ( .f California."
author, Miss Laura Bride Powers,
is a student at the University.
The Berkeley Cotillon Club will hold its
seoond cotillon at Snattuck Hall next
Wednesday < venlng. Brockway Metcalf
and Miss Juliet Garber will lead thi
man.
Rev. 11. C. Minfon will preach at the
First Presbyterian Church to-morrow
morning on "The Supreme Criminal."
C. Demetrak, J. T gather, .:. Berry. C,
H. Brynstein and a number of other
Berkeleyans are organising a KHndike
party. They have charterer! a 190-ton
•ner. In which they will nail for the
north aboul tl c 15th of nrxt mo
Property Meld Too High
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— value placed
upon various pieces of property by its
owners has lost for this city the paint
manufacturing works of W. P. Fuller &
Co.. for "which a lease has just been made
at Baden. The tracts just back of the
California Cotton Mills, and at the toot
of Market street, were under considera-
but the company refused to pay
from 12000 to 16000 per "acre, as it was ex
nt. Charles R. Root, the com
pany's (jakiatiii manager, said to-da; I
if this city had made the company the
offer Baden did the works would have
been erected here.
Recommeod M. H- De Young.
OAKLAND, Jan. 16.— The Board of
Trade of this city has forwarded tu. each
representative in Congress from this
a set of resolutions urging the ap
pointment of M. if. de Young as the
representative of the T'nited States at the
Worlds Exposition, to be held in Paris
in 19
Rev. Marshal L.aw says:
The fifth festival of the Vested Choir
Association of San Francisco and vicin
ity occurred in St. John's. Oakland, last
Wednesday evening, and was a great
success as a whole.-. It was attended by
some 800 people, packing the little church
-to the Street* The choirs represented
j wore St. Mark's, Berkeley; Christ. Ala
! meda; St. John's. Oakland." and St.
Luke's and St., John's In this city— five in
all. with some 180 voices. It was'supple
st mented .'most' tellingly by the Saturday
■ Morning orchestra- of the;city, composed
or ladies and gentlemen, all dressed In
civil garb. -, . . -. ' • .
The association- by standing resolution
Ik dead opposed to vested lady, choristers,
• yet were they inconsistent enough to
! have lady members of an orchestra scat-
I tered among them •' in -stylish millinery
: and natty suits. The bass and tenor
: were good, strong, true to pitch and
lusty lunged. The, alto was indifferent
and with the soprano needed a few good
lady choristers to make the musical ren
derings measure up to the possibilities of
the poorly chosen music. We say poorly
chosen, for the selections were not good:
They were not tuneful, and were sung
with no satisfactory shading of time ana
power, as a good mixed choir could have
executed them, notwithstanding the baton
of. the director waved and gyrated before
the eyes of boys glued to the scores and
utterly oblivious of his presence. This
association of choirs, or any choir, can
be taught to depend upon the organ for
all these things far better than upon a
distracting and distracted leader's baton.
The processional crosses,' some of them,
were tied with ribbons suggestive of foot
ball colors, which were a blemish to the
procession and the sacred reverence due
the cross of. Christ— the "Flag/ of Heav
en." All of the singing was true to pitch
' and excellent In time when v the time
moved straight ahead. St. Paul's, Oak
land, Is dropped because Brother Richie
, allows ladles to sing In his evening serv- j
ices. • ..'••-.■
Although Christ Church, Alameda, has
a "fine ladles' contingent, the rector is i
crafty enough to keep , them out of the !
Sunday services as yet, so he Is still per
mitted to be In the "association." though
he totters on a precipice and may go over
at any time. (We do not sympathize with
Rector Richie, rather we congratulate
him on his nerve.) ■
THE SAX FKAyCISCO CAIX, SQT>AT. JXSTUA&Y 16, 1898.
NO HEAVEN
FOR HOBOS
Contra Costa's Sheriff Is
Praised for His
Rock Pile.
Grand Jury Urges That It Be
Made a Permanent
Institution.
! Alameda County, Across the Line, Is
the Trainp«' Paradise of
the Pacific.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
yos Broadway, Jan. 15.
'Work!" said Sheriff Veale of Contra
! Costa, and immediately the hubos seat
ftnd have not returned.
The travelers whose arrest and keep
and the attendant fees are Items that
bore great holes In the county's
, finances, have decided that Contra
Costa is no place for a decent tramo.
Every tramp arrested there has to do
:a certain amount of roca>breakinß and
this of course is hard v oTk, A? the
result of one year's experience it is
j noted thnt the county saved last month,
In comparison, 1618; The Qrand Jury
has just complimented the plan and
recommended that the rook pile be
made a permanent institution.
In ISS6, in November, there were 114
hobos in Contra Costa County Jail.
That was tho month before the estab
lishment of the pile. Last November
Comparison of the Tramp Question in Two Bay Counties.
ther<» ■were but forty, a decrease of
seventy-four. These tramps usually
get five days in jail, which means a dol
lar a head for food, and it costs on an
average J7 to arrest and pay the Jus
tice's fee. In many cases there Is
heavy mileage. The amount saved to
th<- county almost pays the salary of
the Sheriff.
In Alameda County things are dif
ferent. The tramps are merely ordered
into confinement and Sheriff White has
to care for them, and has no authority
t<> Bet them to work. The amount of
money required to arrest and convict
them provides salaries for a small
army of deputy constables and Sheriffs,
and the Grand Juries have ceased to
take notice of the matter. A few days
ago the Grand Jury did express an
opinion on the amount of money given
annually by the Supervisors to lndi
gents without much investigation and
with no return.
In this county there ar« several
tramps who call at the jail and stay
awhile just bo often. One of these ho
bos, G. Harris "Williams, an artist, is a
"regular," and each time he does come
he leaves some souvenirs of his visit.
He once drew a series of pictures show
ing what n. good time a tramp has 'n
this neighborhood compared with the
rest of the Union, and his annual tour
always includes an engagement in Ala
meda County.
Contra Costa's example Js to be
brought to the attention of the Grand
Jury now in session in this county.
OPPOSITION GAS COMPANY.
Baldwin Gaslight Coropany Has
piled Articles of Incorporation
With the County Glerk..
A new gaslight company, organised for
the purpose of manufacturing and selling
illuminating and heating gas, filed articles
of Incorporation with the County Clerk
yesterday. The name of the corporation
is the Baldwin Gaslight Company. It has
■ capital stock of $in»i.nn<i. of which jso.ooo
has been subscribed. The directors are:
Marcus Stone, Charles 1.. Asher. Frank
Pauson. Joseph Najihtnly. A. IE. Brooke
Ridley and Charles L. Aekerman.
SERIOUS COLLISION.
One Man Injured In a Srrjash Up
of Two Cars on the Leona
heights Railroad.
ALAMEDA, Jan. 15.— There was a col
lision on the California Railway, or Le
ona Heights llnr. this morninp, which re
sulted in considerable damage to two
care, painful injuries to Isaac N. Chap
man, the well-known civil enginef-r, and
a narrow escape for the motormer«.
A passenger-car was going along at a
good rate of speed at a point just beyond
Talcotfs dairy, in Fruitvale, and just as
it rounded a sharp curve a car loaded
with rock from the quarries in the hill
came thundering down from the oppo
site direction. The cars were close to
gether when the motormen saw each
other, and there was no opportunity to
cut off- the electricity or put on the
brakes. The motenHan on the passen
ger-car jumped for his life and the con
ductor followed suit. Mr. Chapman was
inside thi car and had no opportunity to
move i >•- f < •i • the collision occurred.
The cars came together with a terrific
crash and were bally wrecked. Mr.
Chapman was cut and bruised quite pain
fully, bat no bones were broken, and h«
will soon be at'le to be out. The engineer
of the rock car saved himself by Jump
ing off also Just as the collision was
about to take place. lioth enrs were
smashed, the puiNiinr-car getting tln-
Worst of it. The riK'k <-ar ran an
and lifted it off the trucks, crushing the
woodwork for some <1 stance,
nation has been k:v.--: of how the two
cars imp)" ■•■ running In opposite
directions at the same time on tin
track in a part of the rev". which
abounds with dangerous curves.
TRANSFERS HIS INTEREST.
William T. Phelps Claires to Be the
heir of Thomas rj- Blythe.
An echo of the famous Blythe case ap
peared in the Recorder's office yesterday
wiu-n William J Phelps recorded a deed
of all his Interest in the estate to Charles
K. Blandln.
Phelps claims to be the lawful heir of
Thomas H. Blythe, and conveys to Bian
din ali of his interest in the Blythe block
on Market street, as weu as his alii-yed
at In mines and lands in Canada,
California and Mexico.
Consideration named is $.",. and the
transfer purporti ra be absolute.
NEW POSTMASTER.
Information prom Washington
That T. W. Leydecker Is to
Be Appointed.
ALAMEDA, Jan. Positive informa
tion was received here to-day from
Washington that the appointment of
Postmaster at Alameda was to be given
to T. V>\ Leydecker, and that the nomi
nation would be made by the President
in a few days. The information comes
from such a source that its authenticity
cannot be doubted.
The contest for thla position has been
a warm and prolonged one. Originally
wen eight candidates, Including
Mr. ! i: T> Randlett, Dr. J. T.
McLean, M. L. Culver, M. 8. Taylor, <;.
Bew, J. W. Jackson and T. G. Danlells.
The real contest, however, has been 1>»-
tween Mr. Leydecker and Mr. Randlett.
]t was understood that Mr. llilborn had
promised Leydrcker the position in re
turn for political servii ra rendered, and
!-,•■ made the recommendation some time
ago. As soon as he did this tho temper
organizations of this city formu
lated a protest against tho appointment
on th>> ground that ho had been a saloon
keeper in the city und was still believed
t" be interested in the sale of liquor.
This protest was numerously signed, and
was forwarded to Washington. It 1* be
lieved that this wa-» the reason for the
lonK delay in making the selection, ns it
been several months since Hilborn
re. .immended Leydecker for the ;
tly Leydecker's friends circula!><! a
counter protest, in which they recited
the business abUlt] of their candidate,
his life-long service as a Republican and
his good record as a member of the
Hoard of Trustees of this city. It was
only a week ago that this wascirculated,
and received the signatures of a good
number of business men.
Mr. Leydecker is ih years nM, and was
born in Hanover, Germany, in 1543. Ho
came to this country when he was 14
years of age. and remained In New York
City for three years. Then he came to
California, where he has remained since.
He was for years a resident of this city,
and in 1893 was elected City Trustee,
holding that position for four years and
making a good record. For many years
he waa one of the proprietors of a saloon
at the corner of Clay and East streets
hi San Francisco, but sold out his inter
est som» time ago. Mr. Leydecker is
well-known as a pigeon-fancier and
breeder of homing pigeons. It is prob
able that Charles Marston will be ap
pointed by him as dt-puty.
RELIANCE BOXING CARNIVAL
Several Good Events Scheduled
by the Club for Monday Night.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— The Reliance Club
has arranged a fine boxing carnival for
next Monday evening. The affair is one
of the club's popular "gentlemen's
nights," but the programme is of unusual
merit. There will be two preliminary
three-round bouts.
The eight-round contests will be be-
Tony Williams (Reliance ciu>
Fred ltaynard of Sin Francisco; Qeorge
Baker of Denver and Jack IfclCahon of
I San Francisco; Billy de Coursey of Los
] Angeles and Marty McCuo of New York
men have been tried out. Som-- of
■ them have attained more than a local
repute ;is first-class boxers.
A large delegation from San Francisco
i is seeking tickets, being especially anx
ious to see McCue and De Coursey come
j together. Special seating arrangements
have been made ar.d a splendid night's
1 Fport is assured.
! Visit From ParK Superintendent McLaren
OAKLAND. Jan. I',. -John McLaren
superintendent of Gold.-n Gate Park San
Francisco, was in the city to-day and
drove over the proposed park site, known
as the Adams tract. He said: "I wish
that I could have the honor of laying out
this land for a park. It Is aimosi a park
now. with these magnificent oaks and
the view of the lake through the tr.v?
It would make an ideal spot for a park
Its soil is excellent, as Is evidono <1 by
the growth of trees. The situation la
well adapted, and the topography is
varied enough for a magnificent park "
They Refuse to Serve.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— Several of the
physicians who have qualified as ex
aminers for the Insane patients for the
city have notified Keeper Keating that he
need no longer call upon them to serve in
such c£if«rs. This Btep is taken because
of the Interpretation of the new
law, whereby examiners are not allowed
xcept In eases of commitment. This
!h.-y claim is an imposition upon their
time ami talents, and until a different
construction is placed upon the law they
will refuse to serve.
Two New Theaters Cootemplated.
OAKLAND, J:m 15.— F. R. Porter In In
teresting himself in the erection of a
theater on the ground ad joining the
<Vntr;il Bank buiidins on Broadway. It
is the property of the Realty Syndicate.
He claims that F. M. Smith looks upon
t with approbation, and he is
now working to secure enough capital to
make it a certainty. The cnrner of Thir
- and Franklin sm-ets is also men-,
tioned as a site for another new- t>
This Is the property of D. V. Moody,
and at present there is a livery stable
th< re. It is to be known as the Grand
Central. The plans are completed, and
Frank W. Stecham expects to man
age It.
Cross Towo Car Line.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15.— The application
of the Realty Syndicate for a franchise
mi Eighth street, between Grove and
Broadway, was recommended for pas
sage by the Btreol Railway Committee
last evening. This will, if passed, allow
the ( .ire nf the company to run from
Fruitv;ile aver.ii- Oakland with
out transfer. The compai •■« to
remove the track from <;i"\-
tween Eighth i i ts, if
this m w line is allowed.
No Verdict In the Shell Mound Mystery
OAKLAND." Jan. 15.— The Coroner's
jury in the case of J. H. Raeside, who
was found lying dead on the track at
Shell Mound lark Friday morning, did
not reach a verdict to-night. Th« case
has pone over till Monday night in order
to permit of . further inquiry . into the
cause of Itaeside's death, there being
more than a suspicion that he met with
foul play before the Berkeley local struck
and mangled his body.
Willie Andrews Gone figaln.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. —Willie
tin- -6-year-old lad who ran away from
h'>me list November and attempted sui
cide In 8 ■ . ■ is missing from his
home again. At the time his absenc
first noticed IIS was also missed by Wil
■ ! 1i i> though! thai both
er. His home is on Th
where his parents, brother and
sister live.
No Churc*) Services.
OAKLAND, Jan. 15. Th :ice of
diphtheria in '. Hate vicinity <>f
t!i-- Union stri yterlan <'hnr«-h
: the church trustees to ••
in dispense with the n-sular church
'\-t'\\ and Wednesday evening.
In the meantime the building will be
thoroughly renovated and all of the regu
lar services will be hi Id ■ week lvnce.
TRIED THE GAS ROUTE.
Mrs. May Miller of Liverrr>orc Tries
to Corr>rr)it Suicide and pails. \
AL.AMEDA, Jan. i.ate last night
two police officers found a woman in the
narrow-gauge depot at Park street. She
had closed the door and then turned on
the gas,. manifestly with suicidal intent.
The officers turned her out of the place,
pave her a warning and let her go. She
left, but soon after went to the Park
Hotel and applied for ft. room, which was
given her. There she gave her name as
Mrs. Mary Miller of Livermore. Eany
this morning a young man who lives at
the- hotel smelled gas, and at once gave
the alarm. An investigation showed that
It came from the room occupied by Mrs.
Miller. The door was forced" open and
she was discovered lying on the bed in
an unconscious condition, and with a
handkerchief tied tightly about her neck,
almost strangling her. A physician was
at once summoned, and after working
some time over her, consciousness was
restored and she was declared out of dan
ger. It was found that she had tried to
mop up the crack under the door with
a heavy shawl, but had not succeeded in
doing so completely, which allowed the gas
to escape and thus frustrated her design.
After she recovered she was questioned,
but would give no explanation of the rea
son for her attempt at self-murder. She
said she lived in Livermore and came up
yesterday to visit some friends in San
Francisco. She had some business at an
Oakland bank to-day, she said', and that
caused her to remain on this side of the
bay. • Further than this she would say
nothing. _',■■:
A message from T.ivermore received late
this afternoon says that no such person
is known there .and that if she belongs
in that town she must have given a.
wrong name.
Juvenile Whisky Thieves.
AL.AMEDA, Jan. Four small boys
were arrested yesterday evening for
stealing a demijohn of whisky from a de
livery wagon belonging to. a liquor store
while the driver was leaving some Roods
at the back door of a house on Morton
street. Their names were L,. Trethaway.
D. Profumo, 11. Lyon and P. liver. They
pleaded guilty tn the charge of petty lar
ceny this morning before Justice Morris,
who, after giving them a severe lecture,
fined them $3 each and let them go. They
are believed to be the same boys who
stolo a demijohn of vinegar from the
same wagon In the same locality last
week. Neither the whisky nor the vine
gar was recovered. The boys are of re
spectable parents. ,
Alameda Notes.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 15— Mrs. Elisabeth O.
Bannlsi»-r. formerly of this city, mother
of Alfred Bannister the civil engineer,
died In J?ini?hamton. N. V.. on Wei
day evening. She lived in this city lor
many years.
The Firemen's Exempt Relief Fund has
filed an application with the City Trus
■ »r a further appropriation of money.
The Kncinal Recreation Club aim
a picked nine of well-known players will
play a frame nf baseball to-morrow morn
ing at Recreation Park.
LECTURES ON LITERATURE.
A Series by Members of the Uni
versity English Department.
BERKELEY. Jan. 15.— A series of
Monday afternoon lectures by members
of the English department will be given
at 3:45 every Monday during the coming
torm. The subjects and speakers for the
various dates are aa follows:
February 7 and 14— "Scott and Coler
idge," a comparison with reference to
the objective and subjective modes In
outline. Professor Thomas P. Sanford.
February 21- "The Influence of Mollere
Upon Congreve and Sheridan," Professor
L. D. Syle.
February 2& — "The Advantages and the
Desirability of an Endowed Theater,"
Professor L. D. Syle.
March 7 and 14— "The Old English
Treatment of Bible Subjects," Professor
Alexis F. Lance.
March 21— "The Study of Flctioa."
March 28 — "*The Works of George Mere
dith." Professor William l>Mlam Armes.
April 4 and O— "The E?iglish Essay r-
Its Development and Some of Its
Types." Professor C. B. Bradley.
April IS and 2f>— "Some Phases of Ten
nyson'a LJfb and Art." Walter M. Hart.
May 2— "The Art of Debating," Martin
C. Flaherty.
GOT THIRTY DAYS.
Esther Niles. Wife of a Saloon-
Keeper, Sent to Jail for
StealiQg Eggs.
Esther Nilps. the wife of a saloon
keeper at Eighth and Xatoma streets..
was . sentenced to thirty days in the
County Jail by Judge Low yesterday on
a charge of petty Larceny. She was ac
cused of stealing fourteen eggs' from the
stomiof lleinrich Huckfeldt. Eighth and
Howard streets, on Wednesday last.
Her • defense was that she bought a
dozen eggs from a grocer on Jessie street
and on her; .way home she went into
Huckfeidt's saloon, to have a -glass of
beer In a friendly, way. She denied steal
ing the eggs, but could not explain sat
isfactorily why she had fourteen instead
of twelve, Huckfeldt. swore he saw her
take the eggs.- ami when searched they
were found hidden inside her dress.
SHE DEMANDS SUPPORT.
Atrs. Lulu V. Bothir) Has Sued Her
Husband for Maintenance.
| Lulu V. UotWn has commenced suit
apainst her husVind, J. C. Bothin, to
compel him to pay her ■ reasonable sum
each month for the support of herself
and child, Lulu V. Bothin. She also asks
that the defendant bo restrained by In
unction from interfering with her at the
family residence, 715 Pierce street.
In her complaint Mrs. Bothin alleges
that In December of last year her hus
band willfully deserted and abandoned
her, and since that time has neglected
to contribute to her support. She claims
that he enjoys a monthly Income of $200,
ami she is entitled to support. At the
present time the complainant states that
by reason of serious injuries she is un
able to move from, her bed, but, notwith
standing this fact, she claims that unless
restrained her husband will remove the
furniture from, her home and dispose
of It. i '■- ■ ' '
REGULAR ARMY NOTES
How Lieutenant-Colonel A. E.
Bates Became a Military
Attache.
A Reason Why the Light Bsttter'ies of
Artillery Did Not Make
Better Scores.
Major Edward B. Moseley of the med
iral department has been granted leave
Of absence for fifteen days.
Two of the officers of the Department
of California have been selected as mil
itary attache, one to go to the United
States Embassy at London, England,
and the other to go to the United
States Embassy at Paris, France. One
of the fortunate individuals is Lieuten
ant Colonel Alfred "E. Bates, deputy
paymasler general, chief paymaster on
the staff of Brigadier General Shafter,
v.lm has been selected for the embassy
in London. Lieutenant Colonel Bates,
while still a youth in Monroe, Mich.,
was the companion of the late George
A. < 'aster, who in after years became
distinguished as an Indian fighter, and
of George Spalding, whose father's
farm adjoined that of Bates, Sr. One
day young Bates fell into the Basin
Paver and was rescued by young Spald
ing. When the war of the rebellion
broke out young Spalding, who had
grown to manhood, organized the old
Smith Guard to- go to the front with
the Fourth Michigan Volunteers, and
one of the first to answer the call was
young Bates. After he had served as
a private a few months he was appoint
ed a cadet to the United States Mili
tary Academy at West Point. He grad
uated, and in 1565 just as the war was
closing he was commissioned a second
lieutenant of cavalry and served on the
frontier until 1569. During that time
he gained an enviable reputation for
his conduct in fighting Indians. In 1875
he was assigned to the paymaster's de
partment, and on January 7 of last year
he assumed the duties of paymaster
genera] In the Department of Califor
nia. Some time ago he was granted
leave of absence and went to Wash
ington. D. C where he waited on Gen
eral George Ppaldmsr. his old command
er in the Fourth Michigan, now a Rep
resentative fmm Michigan, and told
him that he wanted t<r go to the em
bassy at London as military attache.
Congressman Spalding told him he
would do whnt he could for him, and
in a short time he secured the appoint
ment for him. notwithstanding that
there wore a number of other army of
ficers who were well recommended and
desired the billet. The wife of Lieuten
ant Colonel Bates was a niece and th»
adopted daughter of the late Edwin D.
Morgan, the New York banker, and she
inherited a good portion of his millions.
Mrs. Bates and her two daughters will
accompany the lieutenant colonel to
his new station, and as the family has
large means It is more than likely that
they will entertain on an extensive
scale.
Captain Alexander Rodgers of Trnnp
X, Fourth Cavalry, stationed at the
Presidio, ia the other fortunate soldier
who will go to Paris. He has held his
commission as captain since February,
1887, Is a man of fine education, speaks
the French language fluently and Is
well qualified for the position he has
been chosen to fill. The captain will
remain with his company until the Ist
of February, when he will make ar
rangements to take his departure for
his future home.
The recent target practice by the
heavy batteries of the Third Regiment
of Artillery developed seventy-three
first-class gunners, thirty-two of the
second class and twenty-three of the
third class, besides nineteen specialists,
one at communication and eighteen at
instruments and range tables. This is
a total of 147 out of 192 competitors.
The results of the target practice by
the light batteries of the Third Artil
lery at Redwood City some time ago
was not up to the standard that the
department expected, but that was not
the fault of the men, but of the ammu
nition. The shells that were used as
NEW TO-DAY
CiSUMFTiI
To the Editor : I have an absolute C u^e for
CONSUMPTION and all Bronchial, Throat and
Lung Troubles, and all conditions of Wasting
Away. By its timely use thousands of apparent-
ly hopeless cases have been permanent l\ cured
op proof-positive am I of its power to cure, I
£!'l seed FREE to anyone afflicted, THREE
tfOl lLfc-b of mvNewiy Discovered Remedies,
upon receipt of Express and Postoffice address.
Always sincerely yours,
T. A. SLOCUM, M.C.. ,8* Pearl St.. Ne~ York
When writing the Doctor, pl»»8« mention this paper
ransre-flnders were pood, and good
work was done with them, but it was
with the shrapnel, that with which the
most execution is done, that the fault
was found. The shrapnel were issued
in 1894, but the walls were so thin that
they could not stand the force of the
discharge and exploded between the
point of discharge and the object aim
ed at, which was a number of dummies
representing a company of forty-five
men in columns of four in line. Taking
as a criterion the number of hits made
and the number of dummies disabled
with the shrapnel that proved effective,
it Is probable that the batteries would
have doubled their scores. The prac
tice developed the fact that the kind
of ammunition furnished in that year
cannot b*j depended upon, but it is
claimed that since then better shrap
nels have been issued.
It is announced that there will be
a grand field day at the Presidio on
either the 26th or 2Sth inst. and that on
one of those days there will be a grand
review.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
X Richardson. Tmckee | J C Owens, Ohio
Capt McCulloch, Alain J A Pierson. Cleveland
II J McKennon, 8 Mat C D Haywarda cm
*' C Farwell .Wash C H Hickok. Chicago
* D Bryan, Redding /. Dawyer, Florida
li Bennett, Nlles M !■: Anderson. San* Js
11 Johnson, A lambda ,'J Kipling, Victoria
P B Beaty, I*"!I *" ! Ang |W !'! ' Silt - - Portland
A Storm, Boston JK Dooly, Washington
J Peterson. Wash J DooJy, Washington -
R Protern, Seattle W Manion. Wash
G Shrader. San Diego A steam. Seattle ■
Mrs M Hanson. Cal JW.O Thompson, .\>v
B Pierce. Grizzly Biff I: Thompson, Nevada
T Har.s.,n, OrLly Biff !I! P JlcCleave Peta
C Hansen Grizzly mif Bale, Kealdsbur*
Mrs M" Thompson, Cal S M Keanon. St Hel
J \V \\ ells, Fresno c Glenn, Spokane
« Lesane, Dawson . j >• Blundell Spokane
T A Fowler. Dawson J Goode, Stockton
T Summers, Bishop Miss W Hensliaw. Cal
W Hanson, Bacto .T M Hawley, Stocktn
PPO Donnell, Austral;. l A Peacock San Raf
J A Cheesor. Chicago ij I, Dupray? Winters
V {'■ •I• I ' i ; rliy - Re " ' A W Hopkins, Wintrs
A A\ Hopkins. Woodld W S young San Jo«=e
M Potter. Coulterville |\V Han fry Sltka
s£r« A Meyer A c, Oal ;r. I. Hubbkrd, Sta Ro»
AYA V JJ { T Maller - Santa RsjW L Jones. Koss-statn
v <> D i vls V n> , Portl(l F Helling, Victoria
B Shephard. Dixon I
NEW WESTERN' HOTEL:
O Benson. Dixon IJ G Smith. Victoria
J rirennan, Oak.lale ,XJ Fernleaf, Cal
J T Power*. San Jose is Peterson, Saratoga
J Maxwell. Fresno |J W Newman, Neb
nj Davidson. irkiah C Nolan. Stockton
c M CoakUy. Petalum M Salisbury. Sacto
•I Howard. Davisviile J Black. Sissons
E .; gawaon *= w. Cal M 0 St me, Menlo Prk
Mrs II \\ heeler. Portld F Ellis. Los Banoa
Mrs Lewis, Seattle IP Cook, Ban Jose \
C Covert, Men ;
BALDWIN HOTEL.
Mrs S J Hill. Minn \\ D Davis, Pinole
J Buckllss, Minn F E McMillan. Ogd<!&
J -Adams. Olema h Dlmmick, Vallejo
M I. Meyers. Or j Reidy. Vallejo
I J Mills. .N v s Emerson, N V
Airs I J, Sills, N V ! 3 E Stoters, N V
A Wetzstein. Butte | Miss B Meyers, Stktn
Mrs YVetzsteln, Butte A E Carpenter, Stktn
D.l Alhergo, 1. An« Mrs V, Davis, Oal
.1 McCudden, Vallejo I D Warren, S Barbara
Miss McCudden, Valjoiß M Barker, S Jose '
M Blum. Vacaville i c V Clark. S Jose •
.1 N Henry, Sacto M Frank, Chicago
Mrs J N Henry. Facto! L Cohen, Chicago'
LICK HOUSE.
J M Fulweller, «;i! C G fates, L Ang
C E Burnham, Sacto [H Lafrance, S Jose
Mrs <; Howe, Grass VlB Timmons, S Jose
F Treskow, P Costa Jo M Kellogg. c a !
W Holldorft & v. Cal }F A Davidson, Cal
A caminetti, Jackson H 1, Carson & w.Mont
Miss Hanlon, NY J Hoover, Spokane
H Todd, Oakland | \V p Nelson, 111
W H McMinn. 3 Jose i E C Apperson.S Clara
Mrs J C Manly, Cal j.! Costa, Downieville
W W Seaman. Sacto i I*. Snell &w, Fla
J H Logan, 8 Cruz C A Barker, S Jose .
J H Schufpert, Napa L H Smith & w. Cal
N G Kittle, cal i: Barcar, Vacaville
GRAND HOTEL.
R W Sloan, Sit Lake n C Carroll, Stcktn
J F Condon, Verdi , H Gardner, Crockett
.1 Bennett * W, Cal Miss Burton, Stocktn
W E Mack. Chlco ; G II Peck Jr. L Ang
F Sanford. Vallejo C Madden, N V
F Golley, Omaha tDr Kent, Sonora
T E Clark, Visalla J Rageie & w.SAndrs
ii Savage & w, SJose A Mlchaelts, N V
P Cooper &w, Vlctra Mrs W Badden. Stfrd
Miss X Barrett. N V Miss P.adden. Stnfrd
G Locke & w, Sacto Mis* Phillips. Stnfrd
J Bonte & W. Londn H Booze, Oakdale ■
G Gasklll & w, Cal I
PALACE HOTEL.
H C Melone. Brkley A G Gassen, LosAng
J Bonner, Sacto . I 1" S Prentlss, Cleveld
W B Jones, . Boston I<> C Pockins. Rodeo
Louis Stern, NY I L W Fox. Los Ang
P Vaciter. Mont .Charles Meyer, N V
Mrs B O'Neil. Mont \ F Richmond. Portlnd
XV A Farlsh. Denver,; M Frank, Cheyenne
F J Carolan.BurlngTn; W Bancroft. Sit Lke
J A Wilson. Los Ang, W Anderson, Sit Lke
J J Brennan, Chlcgo | E Calvin., Salt Lake
Mrs J Gibson, L Ang: W Remington. SltLk
W Robinson. X V i L A Smith. Stanford
H C Pocktns, X J i Mrs Palmer, Stanfrd
Miss Pockins. N J "
In Germany, when the vote of the
jury stands six against six, a prisoner
is acquitted. A vote of seven against
five leaves the decision to the court,
and in a vote of eight against four the
prisoner is convicted.
NEW TO-DAY.
FOR
GRIP
AH Colds are tainted
with Grip when Grip prevail^
"Seventy-seven" breaks up
Grip and Colds that hang on.
During treatment and re-
covery the vitality is sustained
by the tonic properties of "77;"
you come out cured, strong and
vigorous; not a Grip wreck.
A 25c vial leads to a Dollar flask.
At druggists or sent on receipt of price.
Ask for Dr. Humphreys' Specific Manual of
all Diseases ut your Druggists or Mailed free.
Humphreys' Medicine Company, Xew York.
SENT FREE TO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne, Ind. It
| cured so many mon who had battled for
| years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
i any form of sexual weakness resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss or
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home.
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location giving strength
and development just where it is needed.
It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute suc-
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute, 193 First National Bank
Building, Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that
you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
is desirous of reaching that great class
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weaknesg when the
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample,
carefully sealed In a plain package so
that its recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Reader* art
requested to write without delay.
1516
CREDITORS
ASK FOR
THEIR OWN
Mrs. Elise Kohler
Fails for the Sum
of $300,000.
Sacrifices Everything to
pay Those Whom
She Owes.
Bad Business of a Wine Com
pany the Cause
of It.
ASSUMES HUSBAND'S DEBT.
At Last Pressed for Money Sha Asks
ilia Court for Insolvency
Papers.
Mrs. Elise Kohler, the sole surviv
ing- partner in the copartnership firm
of Kohler & Frohling, wine merchants,
has been declared insolvent by Judge
Belcher. Mrs. Kohler, in her voluntary
application to be declared insolvent,
scheduled her liabilities at $333,173 41,
but to offset this vast indebtedness she
has in her possession property valued
at $323, 12, and a judgment of $34,
891 20 against the Southern Pacific
Company for damages to the Nadeau
Winery, near Los Angeles, which be
longed to Kohler & Frohling, the dam
age having resulted from alleged neg
ligent construction of a railroad bridge
near the winery. The case is now on
appeal to the Supreme Court, and in
the event of that tribunal sustaining
the judgment of the lower court it will
be placed among the assets. This will
allow a complete settlement of the in
solvent's liabilities and leave a margin
of $25,452 91.
In her application to be declared in
solvent Mrs. Kohier states that for
some time prior to the Jst of January,
1895, the - . . ol Kohler
a.- Frohling Ing of Elise Kohler,
Charies Kohler and Hans li. Kohler,
carried on business In this city and
here. On the Ist of January, 1895,
Charles Kohler died, and the tirm was
thereupon dissolved. The liquidation
of the affairs of the partnership were
tnitted to Elise Kohler, and on the
13th of August, 1895, she purchased
from Hans H. Kohler his interest In
the firm, and in consequence is the
sole surviving partner. As the surviv
ing parti -imed the liabilities
of the firm, and now surrenders all her
estate and effects for the benefit of her
■ ■ >rs.
H'-r liabilities are scheduled as fol
lows: Herman Bohrmann, Mannheim,
any, 145,480 L 5; estate of August
F. Brecht. Philadelphia, $25,464 79; Wil
liam Schoelgens, Philadelphia, (5161 54;
J. Hobe, San Fraiv
76; P. F. Marx, Napa, $20,520 4^ ;
estate of C. M. Gerichten, San Francis
co, $15,592 82; Mary Smith and John
Kelleher, San Francisco, $3051 92; Han
nah Kelleher, San Francisco, S2IM .14;
Kate M. Ryan, San Francisco, $lSl":l Sl " : ■"■4.
j. < ;. Wall, Aiameda, $10,355 53; Adolph
Sommer, East Cambridge, Mass.. $15,
. George West, Stockton, $:;i^uo 15;
- E. i>avis. San Francisco, $1047 69;
Wells, Fargo & Co., San Francisco,
16 15; Anna L. Bauer, $3101 98; es
■ f Henry Hagen, Napa, 113.454 04;
Lulu Van Bergen. San Francisco,
$2476 79; Emma ii. Bertheau, San
Francisco, $9811 20; Caroline Kohler,
San Francisco, $516 15; Minna Roeder*
Rostock, Germany, $1303. With the ex
ception of the last Qve on the schedule,
which Indebt* dness was incurred
through open accounts, the liabilities
are in the form of promissory notes Is
sued by the flnn of Kohler & Fronting.
The assets consist oi personal proper
ty only. Four thousand, one hundred
and seventy shares of the capital stock
of the California Wine Association, val
ued at $312,825, which is pledged to
Wells, Farga & Co.'s Bank to secure
th<- payment of a promissory note o*
$150,000, is the largest item among the
assets. The regaining assets, how
are considered just as secure, and
a full payment of the firm's liabilities
v.ill result.
Mrs. Koh'iPr is the widow of Charles
Kohler, who in life was the senior part
ner of the old firm of Kohler. Frohling
&• Co. At the death of her husband she
and her sons, Charles and Hans, tried
to carry on the business, but it did not
: r. Two years ago Charles died
from poison, and it was sa.i at th-- time
that, he committed suicide, but this
theory was scouted by the young man's
frier, dp.
Max TWtheun. th» son-in-law of Mrs.
K<rhler. who is acting as her advisor in
the affair, pave an explanation as to
the cause of her insolvency yesterday
afternoon. He said that the entire
trouble was due to a large debt that
her husband I^ft at his death, and
which she was compelled to assume.
"At the death of the elder Kohler,"
said Mr. Bertheun. "who was the chW
partner in the firm of Kohler & Froh
llng, his wife assumed th^ management
of the firm. At hi? death the entire in
debtedness of Mr. Kohler amounted to
the erttirmnus sum • which Mrs.
Kohler was obligated to ray when she
assumed the management.
"Shortly aft or she took charge of the
business affairs of the wine establish
ment the California Wine Association
offered to buy the business, being of
fered as payment for the entire stock
rrf the Kohler & Frnhling wine vaults
4OQ,orii shares in that corporation. She
readily accepted the offer and transfer
red her entire stock over to the asso
ciation, receiving as before agreed up
on. 400,000 shares of stock In ex
chanjre.
"At the time this transfer was made
the California Wine Association was
paying- large dividends on its stock, and
it was through the hope of paying her
husband's debts with these dividends
that Mrs. Kohler was prompted into
Joining' the then lucrative concern.
"Business affairs in the new house,"
said Mr. Bertheun, "prospered extra
ordinarily well for many years, and
Mrs. Kohler received large dividends on
her stock, which she devoted to the
payment of her creditors. During the
past year, however, business has been
on the decline, and in consequence the
cessation of dividends was declared
necessary to the existence of the as
sociation.
"With this decline in business came
disappointment to the hopes of Mrs.
Kohler, and also the Increased demsind
for money on the part of her creditors,
who-, seeing ih;ii she v.-is unable to pay
them th*-- dividend money, demanded
immediate payment, urn!, threatening
the unfortunate woman with suit un
less she made Immediate payment to
them for the amount of their respective
bills against the old iirm of Kohler &
Frohling.
"This she was unable to do, and
PALO ALTO'S SOCIAL HALL
A Beautiful Structure Which Is to Be Erected Near the Leland Stanford Jr. University for the Use
of Fraternal Societies,
THE NEW BUILDING AS 3T WILL APPEAR WHEN COMPLETED,
Contracts were let yesterday for a new hall for assemblies and meetings of fraternal organizations, to 1 fl at one* in Palo Alto, near the site of the
Leland Stanford Jr. University, and corresponding In style of architecture to the university buildings. The n» w hall is 5( by ?2 feet and stands on the corner of
University avenue and Bryant street. It Is to be of brk-k. two stories high, with strength of foundations sufficient for another story when required. The frater
nal hall will be occupied by the Masons, Foresters, Knights of Pythias and Workmen and for private and college BOdals. The '-dst will be $10,000 as It stands and
the furnishings much more. The lower floors will be let for stores. Samuel Newsom of this city is tls- •• The property will be owned by the citizens,
most of whom have subscribed for stock.
pressed by the creditors for money, she
took the last step in her business ca
reer and applied for papers of insolv
ency. In all these years, from the
first day Mrs. Kohler joined the asso
ciation until she applied for Insolvency
papers," said her son-in-law, "she has
done her utmost to pay the indebted
ness, even going so far as to sacrifice
her personal property and everything,
in fact, of any value that she poss
in order to satisfy the demands of her
unreasonable creditors. She, in fact,
parted with everything but her inter
est in the wine association, and this
she clung to as long as she could. The
time for the payment of her debts,
however, was drawing near and the
dividends in the wine association were
already discontinued thereby compell
ing Mrs. Kohler to make her last sacri
fice in the interest of the creditors.
"She, however, hesitated long before
doing so, but at last, under advise
ment, she applied to Judge Helcher for
the necessary Insolvency papers, stat
ins that she was financially bankrupt
and turning her interest in the wine as
sociation over to the courts to be sold
in the Interest of her creditors. This
stock is valued at $1 a share and if its
disposal realizes this sum the total
amount of money received for th<
tire stock will amount to $400. 000. which
will more than pay the claims against
her."
The discontinuance of dividends which
compelled Mrs. Kohler to dispose of her
stock in the wine association was
caused by a disagreement between th<
wine producers and the makers and the
uncertainty of the prices that this trou
ble caused in the market.
WILL BE KINGS
OF PURGATORY
A New Side Degree That Will
Be Given by the Pythians
in February.
The New Organization Will Meet
but Once a Year for
Business.
A new organization, with the abbre
viated name of I. O. K. of 1., which
means Infernal Order of Kings of Pur
gatory, was brought into life last night
in Pythian Castle.
The moetlng for the institution of this
new auxiliary degree of the Knights of
Pythias was presi<?<-<] ovrr by George W.
Momeith, who stated to the n^r
tlves of the several local lodges of Pyth
ians that the idea of such a body had its
origin in Golden City Lodge, The Idea
was fully explained and discussed, and
the organization was effected by the
choice of a committee that will r-jnirt
the names of officers at the next meeting.
It is proposed that I. O. K. of I. Bhail
hold a session on the 19th of February
of each year, the anniversary of the
foundation of the order of Pythlans. N*<>
one shall be eligible to membership but
members of the Order of Knights of
Pythias, but the degrees <>f the new or
der, which will be several in number, may
be conferred on any member of non-Pyth
lans, who will be permitted to apply for
the privilege of becoming Inducted into
the several mysteries, on the recommen
dation of members.
The ritual that has been prepared with
great care is. It Is said by those who have
perused it, one of the most Interesting of
any side degree that han ever been pre
sented. The candidates will be given an
Insight into the workings of some secret
societies, which will make th<*m feel at
times somewhat startled, but the les
sons they will learn will b" most in
structive. The paraphernalia necessary
for the carrying out of the degrees and
tho uniforms to be worn by the kings of
purgatory, namely, the sublime king and
his four imps, it is said will be very fine.
At the meeting held last night commit
tees were appointed to carry out the ob
jects of the organization and to make
preliminary arrangements for the con
ferring of the degrees on the 19th of next
month.
Another feature will be the selection of
a queen fr.r the day of the celebration.
Each lodge will be permitted to BUKKesi
one lady; then a vote will be taken. The
one receiving the highest will be the.
queen, and the four next highest will be
her mauls.
Champagne.
Moet & Chandnn has the proud dis
tinction of occupying the second place
in our Champagne table for the first
time in the annals of the trade. The
brand has not only moved up in posi
tion, but the importations have in
creased in 1897, as compared with the
previous year, over 12Vs per cent, which
is a larger ratio of increase than that
made by any of the other prominent
brands. In addition to this. Moet &
Chandnn was selected during the year
as the only wine served ;.t some of the
ultra-fashionable entertainments given
in this city. The fame of the win- has
traveled from coast to coast, and its
quality has endeared It alike to the
connoisseur and occasional drinker
Bonforfs Wine Circular.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
FARES WILL
BE DOUBLED
The Old Puget Sound and
Portland Rates to Be
Restored.
With the Sailing of the Walla
Walla the Rate War Comes
to an End.
U. S. Marshal Baldwin Waited in the
Rain AH Day for the Steamer
Peru.
The rate war between San Francisco
and Puget Sound ports and San Fran
cisco and the Columbia River is over.
Fares will go back to the old figures
on the 20th inst., both by rail and
steamer. The first steamer to go out
under the new schedule will be the
Umatilla, leaving here on the 21st inst.
for Puget Sound, while the State of
California will follow her two days later
on the Portland route. The Walla
Walla which sails to-day Is the last
steamer to go out under the cut-rate
rule and In consequence there was not a
spare berth on her.
The cut rates between here and Port
land are $5 and $2 50, and those be
tween here and the Sound an> $8 and
Jl. Commencing with the 20th inst. the
rates to Portland will be $V 2 and $v
whilf those to Puget Sound will be Jl">
and $S. This is simply a return t.. th'
rates that were in force before the rat>
war i>e^an two years ago. Many <d
the passengers on the Walla Walla an;
bound for the Klondike and will con
nect with the steamer Corona at B*
attle for Dyea and Skaguay.
It was a most disagreeable day r.n
the water front yesterday. At the
north end it blew pretty hard and the
revenue cutter Hartley had to move
away from her mooring at M
wharf. At 6 a. m. it was fogg\
calm at the heads; at i a ii. i< w, t s
foggy and blowing eight miles an hour
from the southeast; at noon it was
foggy and blowing ten miles an hour
from the southeast, while at 3 p. m. it
was "thick" and blowing twelve miles
ar. hour from the northeast. The sad
den change in the wind was against
the anxiously expected ntrwnynr Peru
and the watchers at Melggg wharf were
correspondingly disappointed. Among
those who waited all day for the
steamer were United States Marshal
Barry Baldwin and two of his dcpu
tK-s, the Japanese Consul, the Hawaiian
Consul and several others who had
friends aboard the Incoming steamer.
Th<- Hawaiian Consul was ther- of
course to meet President Dole of Ha
waii, but the Japanese Consul was
there for a different purpose. He wants
Nagao Kamejiro, a Japanese forger,
who made his mark In Yokohama and
then escaped with over 15.000 yen. The
extent of his forgeries is not known,
but they are said to be double the
amount he got away with. Besides
the Japanese the Marshal was also on
the lookout for Dr Herbert who is
wanted in New Ztaland tor murder.
The latter fugitive left the steamer Al
ameda at Honolulu, bu* is expected
to "nrai> «>n her? on 'b" PertL
The Kritish torpedo destroyer Spar
rowhawk and the cruiser Phaeton must
have caught it ofT the Columbia River
on their way to Esquimau. They
came from Pan Diego here flying, l.ut
left for the Sound in the face of a pre
dicted south storm. It tr>,.k th>-n 'hr-..
days to reach Tatoosh. which ik «low
run for such fast vessels.
WILL HAVE GOOD JURIES.
Superior Court to Be Purged of
Professional Jurymer) by a
New SysterT),
The various departments of the Superior
Court will be surged of "professional
jurymen." This has b-en definitely de
cided upon by the Judges on the Superior
bench, anil a system is nearlng comple
tion by which only men of good characn-r
and more than embryonic ideas of jus
tice will be allowed to sit on juries, bota
criminal and civil.
The Great Register of last yenr Is at
present being carefully run over, and
when an available Juryman Is found a
blue pencil mark Is run through his name.
In this way r)\o |urym n are m
copy of the mai
in the hands of each .■■ . ■ ■ In future
years it may I :rui ;i vast
amount of labor will be Bayed In the
drawing of Juries. ■ has been hinted
many men who ha
stilly selected as juryn ■ ■ b rye wee* in
and week out, solely .or the
the accompanying remuneration. In or
i'.-r tc. !..• >. ■; icted to sei ury, they
■ know anything ni ■> I when
questioned, and". In i re sel
dom challenged. In tuis way they become
k!,'iwn as "professional lurymen," but
th-ir way wHI be a difficult
the new list is read) lor us--. Over 9GOO
jurymen sit In vari
durinp the period of \ ear, and quite a
number <.f them ma'K«- their livi: .
following tl tlon, which frequent
ly results in Injustice to litigants.
MARK HOPKINS INSTITUTE.
School of Design in a Prosperous
Condition— New Classes
Created.
The School of F the Ban Fran-
Ctoco Art ."> is in ;i prosperous
condition. At th. . »\ nf th>- s ad
Of thi u.:
ejjjht pup! ■ -.. thirty In
the night I fifteen in the Sat
urday A nifjlit liffl class fur
ugurated at the beginning
of :!ie present t>-rm. Instruction In
drawing from the nude is Imparted t.>
the pupils. The life class for men Is a
separate dep rtm< nt *>r ej
iln O r Eli prw
to the Mark Hopkins Institute of Art
valuable marine views painted by B.
Walters of 1. verpool, England.
JOHN W. HEPBURN
PASSES AWAY
He Was Well Known in Busi
ness and Political
Life.
Had Extensive Mining Interests In
Calaveras and Amador
Counties.
John W. Hepburn, a prominent citizen
of Chicago, died at the Occidental Hotel
yesterday morning at 8:35 o'clock. Mr.
Hepburn had been in ill-health f«r sev
era! months, and about six weeks ago
his wife brought him down to the Occi
i dental Hotel from Jackson, where he has
i large mining interests.
1 >r. Kerr has been in almost constant
attendance upon him, but be gradually
l last Tuesday morning
suffered a stroke of apoplexy, which ren
dered Mm unconscious; during the last
four days his lif.- baa been maintained
by oxygen Introduced Into his lungs by
rubber tub Saturday morning na
ture refused ■• be longer aided and the
great struggle for life ended; he died
peacefully and without pain, in the pms
ence of his wife, Mary J. Hepburn, and
pome Chicago friends. The remains will
be embalmed By Gray, ihe undertaker,
and will be taken back to Rockford, near
Chicago, the early home of Mr. Hep
burn, for interment.
John W. Hepburn for many years has
been one of the best known men In Chi
cago; he was horn near Toronto, Canada,
forty-six years »k". but baa t n In ac
tive business md political life in Chicago
for tl>>- past twenty years; seTersJ years
•• was ,-. prominent member of the
Chicago Board of Trade, and i>">st and
made many fort I
About a y.:, r ami a half ago Mr. Hep
burn '.".nie to California and ii:-.
largely in the gold mines of Amador and
Calaveraa counties, beinK the sole
owner of the l.ell Wether mine at
Jackson, which he has developed for the
past year and in which ho has invested
about J40.1V10.
FOR THE TEXAS RAILROADS
The Southern Pacific Company
pinds That h|orT)e MaQufac-
tures Are the Best.
The Pacific Rolling Mills in Sacramento
have just completed a shipment of ancle
bars, bolts and spikes for the Texas roads
of the Southern Pacific Company and are
now at work on another larpe order for
more of the same sort of manufactures
recently given them by the same com
pany.
These orders are of Interest inasmuch
as they show that the Pacific Coast is
gradually asserting itself and entering a
held in which Eastern States have here
tofore reigned supreme.
Formerly all material of this nature
was contracted for- and furnished by
Pennsylvania firms and the order just
Oiled is the first one of its kind on the
Coast.
H. .1. Small, Superintendent of Motive
Power for the Southern Pacific, has r<>
ceived ten new Pullman day coaches and
• rdei ■ ■! from the
of varney & Smith of Dayton. O. They
(tr " '" be fifty-four feet In ienpth. with
high back seats, and will be furnished
with Pinch gas.
They will be run in through trains, dis
placing the old coaches now In use.
A COAI FAMINE
IS THREATENED
There Is Now a Scarcity
of Fuel in the Local
Market.
Every Coal-Laden Vessel Ar
riving in Port Met With a
Long Line of Carts.
Prospects Not Very Encouraging fc£
an Immediate Increase in
the Supply.
There is a scarcity of coal in the
market, and coal dealers are far behind
in filling the orders for their customers.
Early yesterday morning the steamer
Empire arrived in the port with a cargo
of about COO tons, and she was met at
the wharf with a string of coal carts
that reached nearly six blocks. The
coal dealers were notified the day be
fore that the vessel was to arrive dur
ing the night, and that she would com
mence discharging at daylight. Al
most as soon as the notices were re
ceived carts were sent to the dock to
wait the arrival of the vessel. The first
of trie string of carts was at the bunk
ers fully twelve hours before it was
known the vessel would commence to
discharge, and all night long the line
grew. The coal was hauled away as
soon as it came out of the hatches, and
by dark last night the market was, as
far as the big bunkers at the wharves
are concerned, as bare as before the
Empire came into port.
The recent bad weather along the
coast has held coal-laden vessels back,
and the supplies for the past month
have not been as great as desired, and
then the recent cool spell greatly In
creased the consumption of the supply
then on hand, until now there is little
coal of any kind to be had. The pros
pects for a supply for Immediate uses
are not very encouraging. The total
amount of foreign and Eastern coal
that can possibly arrive here in the
next sixty days from all sources foots
up less than 47.000 tons. The consump
tion of the city and vicinity depending
on this port for its fuel supply will be
fully 240.000 tons. It means that a big
draft will have to be made on the out
put of Seattle, British Columbia and
1 Iff Vaii Vroom Elcctro = !§§
I 6EO.W KLEISER, {J en | a J p ar | ofs# 1
Wit ' n'n q ' " Uwlllttl idriirlo§ \hi
WW/ UiUiOi • $&&
Wm/i OUT The Best and Most Dif- j^|
'^WMll £-♦ {«• ficu lt Crown and Bridge Mil
|||p ; j opSCialtlCS Work— Work That We >g|ip
f]J|pr3s Guarantee— at Such Moderate Prices that |||^|
tp^fj Every One Can Have Perfect Teeth. ; :SfeS
W§ QQ7 MARKET STREET,
'^3^ __.„. _ COR. SIXTH. TEL.— JESSIE 1695. vlt^
'&~£*y Gold Fillings 75e cp J*t>^
Amalgam Fillings. .. j^^SSsx r .. n .„„„;„,,.
r ]p?W 25c up 5 - C P cn « T enmg»
Js/ Cleaning Teeth 50c np jSH tUI 10 ociock - '^3
P/ Bridgework. per tooth i*^St x Suniay.. 9to 12. «v^
\*M $3.50 .MMjM W^BB^ " German and \W
WJBI, Sold Crown, 22-K . . . sij^^H §^§BH^ob\ French spoken. ,\H
\-j3g $3. 50 up £Sk ■•'^t>^^a\ Ten skilled op-
j*£r No oharge for extract- . .Th erators Lady H
NEW TO-DAY.
DiljulAL DiiJuXj
OF FIIsTE
On MONDAY, January 17th, and
following dags, we will place on
sale 35 CASES BEST QUALITY
WHITE and COLORED WOOL
BLANKETS that we have just pur-
chased from the Golden Gate Woolen
Manufacturing Company this city,
•
These Blankets are in all the different
sizes, Theu come in white from 66x80 inches
to 90x90 inches, The colored are from 51
pounds to 102 pounds in weight, Theu are all
PURE WOOL, Most of them are made from
IMPORTED AUSTRALIAN WOOL, and the en-
tire lot will he offered hu us fullu 15 cer cent
less than the present cost to manufacture,
See exhibition of above Blankets
in our show windows, with sizes,
weights and prices marked on each
quality.
TELEPHONE QRANT 124.
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
Coop Ray. The coal can possibly be
had at those points, but the question
now is will th-re be enough vessels dis
engaged from the Klondike rush to*car
ry It In sufficiently larpe quantities to
B supply in the market to meet
all emergencies.
W HIST TOURNAMENT ENDED
Pacific Coast Association Elects
Offcers — Winners in the
final Events.
The Pacific Coast Association nf "Whist
Players dosed its fourth annual tourna
ment last nlgbi and the whole affair was
n marlcably successful and exceedingly
w. n managed. At the morning's busf
meetlng of the conTentlon the foi
i'iwiiifr off) ■ elected: President,
P. J. Tormey of San Francisco (r<
ed); vice-president, I>. W. Harrier of Val
t. mi (reelected); treasurer, (•'. Ji. Atwater
taluma; recording secretary, \\. 11.
Hotallng of San Francisco (reelected).;
corresponding Secretary! M'"*- J. D. Bby
kland; directors. Mrs. George E.
Messrs. George M. Mott, H. Payot,
A. 1.. Harris, P.'Jaynes, B. C. Hum
phreys. Mrs. A. ].. Moore, who are hold
overs, and 1.. Therkelsen and John n.
Suit.:], who were newly elected.
The HMenut trophy was won by the
team composed of J. A. Thompson, cap
tain, Beverly Letcher, Thomas M. Rey
nolds and Jus<;>h <;. Cox, representing
thr Mill Valley Club, by threp tricks. It
will bo hold by the winning club subject
to challenge under the rules adopted by
jodation.
The winners of the match for club pairs
Mr. Haley :tl id Miss Brown OI the
Trist Duplicate Club.
Bxtra prixes and souvenirs were award
ed to the successfu] contestants, and the
convention adjourned to meet next yea:-.
Nearly TO.ono tons of cork are needed
for the bottled beer and aerated waters
consumed annually in Great Britain.
NEW TO-DAY.
for LADIES only
Ail my NEW STYLES of JACKETS,
SUITS, CAPES, SILK SKIRTS, WAISTS,
FUR CAPES, COLLARETTES marked
down
/2/ 2 Price.
Ladies must remember that all my
old stock was sold last year in my big
sale. Nothing now but
NEW STYLES.
NO OTHER house In town can com-
pare with the finish, quality and fit of
my Garments.
IiENDINE J4-PRICE SALE.
ARMAND GAILLEAU
48 Geary St., corner Grant Aye.
Furniture,
Carpets,
Bedding!
"SORRY THEY MISSED US."
CASH or
LITTLE4T-A.TIME PAYMENTS.
J.NOONAN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
fIBOVE SIXTH ST. .
Telephone, South 14. Open Evenings.
fENNYROYAL P!LLS
ENNYROVAL PSLLS
■^tX " r| C<"»' »n<l Onlj Genuine. >T
""A'ii- -Z- 7 '\ich " "* D ' E * " k jK\.
la r^\jM boxe »-»«»'o<> »itii tlae ribbon. T«t«W
■Pi *^ *^n» other. fttfutt dangtraa* tubktuZ >5^
I L. flFtionaand imit-ttiona. At I)ruggi«t«, or
C«q ISi « I ,JJ n C?,' or J1*"10111*".J 1 *" 10111 *". t»stlmonl«l-, «c 4EIGHT DAYS
IN AN
INVERTED WORLD
TO live for over a week with on^
eye entirely excluded from light
and with the other to
through a tube set to b
which turn upside down every
object upon which you gaze,
■which turn upon the wrong end the
■whole worM about you ■ it to
appear that everyone with whom you
talk is standing upon his head, to con
tinue this for Buch a period that the
mind becomes lost to the old arra
ment cf thi gs and accepts the ;:
the normal, such an ex; ■ 'iring
the transition, would c
crazy, but it has i
upon George M. Sti
psychology of the urlveraity at Berke
ley, who has lately subjected himself
to such an experience.
The professor ■ . [ Jn this ■
experiment for the pun testing
a theory of the science hioh
holds that in order for Th mind to
graep the posith n <.f an object as an
upright it is n Bsary | mina
to Invert the Image of !'; when the
Image is projected from the eye the
mind gets the idea of it being in the
position in which it actually is, but in
order t-> gel thai Idea, a. [.art of the
process of the eye's operations is to
turn the object upside down, so that
the Image j n the retina is Inverted.
The purpose <>f Professor Strattnn's
investigation was to combat this the
ory of science and to show that the
mind's acceptance of the positions of
things depends upon relations of
space, touch and the locations of other
objects. That it Is entirely possible to
perceive upright positions and accord
our movements to their locations In
space by going through the world with
all objects appearing in exactly the
position that their images stand in the
retina of the eye. It was to prove this,
to show that one could come to accom
modate himself to an upside down
world, could live in it, work through it
and not suffer Inconvenience from the
topsyturvyy turvy aspect of things, that Pro
fessor Stratton endured his curious or
deal.
Throughout he carefully noted his
sensations, analyzed his own conduct,
the tendency of his will, the sugges
tions of his mind ai a copious
diary of his f-xj which he
transmitted to an Eastern specialist
mapazine devoted to psychological sci
ence. Advance sheets of the contribu
tion showing it to be forty-five napes
long have reached the professor at his
home in Berkeley.
The professor arranged a mask to
wear over his face, with a set of
lenses fitting both eyes. It was found,
however, that this contrivance could
not be used. At a short distance from
the unobEtructc-d eyes their lines of
sight converge and both eyes receive
the same impression of the one object.
But the professor's tubes were about
four inches long:, and their projection
Interfered with this coalescence of the
retinal lines, so that there were set up
distlncr. imapes of the . objects seen.
Headache supervened after these dual
tubes had been worn but a few min
utes, and thfs increased in severity as
the hours wore on, until it ultimately
became unedurable and the left tube
with its lens was taken out of the
mask, leaving only the right one re
maining.
THE CALL Sunday Edition
The left eye was then carefully ban
1 with soft black cloths, the mask
was adjusted with its single tub
so worn during the waking hoi:
th-> eight days' experiment. Th
r has ma I I sts, the fir?t be
ing one of two days, being half of the
first day. the whole of the second
a part of the third day, the resu
which wei . a paper read
■•;;r before the Psychological C ■•
at Munich; I i and pro
d, 'T eight-d ■ I I warn made
at Berkeley. In both tests the mask
was worn all day and removed at ni^ht,
the eyes being closed while the re
was taking place, wh»r upon a
■as adjusted. During the
tesi the professor remained en
tirely within doors, but while the
ond waa In proern-ss he spent much of
the time In the open air. accompa
guide who directed him when he
me confused or was inclined to go
The round, clear field of vision which
the till." allowed him was a compass of
45 degrees, or less than half the range
of sight of one unobstructed eye, which
is 110 degrees. This limit of' his field
of observation precluded the professor
from seeing any part of his body ex
cept the lower portion of the trunk and
limbs, 'and the lower halves of his
arms. These members, as soon as the
mask was justed, became strnngoly
inverted.. The left hand, seemed the
right hand and vice versa; the feel
were reversed and the legs, instead of
leading upward and toward him, were
directed downward and out of the field
of his vision. His chest seemed to be
a cavity, his throat and head a -<'oid.
He lowered his head to reflect where
• ' 'he fire heated his scnlp
and caused him to Instinctively place
his hand on the top of it; as he did
so he licoamp happily conscious that It
was still there.
i The room was upside down. All ob
jects and utensils upon the floor seemed
to stick against the celling and to defy
the laws of gravitation. The flames
■of the wood fire in the fireplace. In
stead of leaping upward, seemed to be
an inverted cone of yellow blase, fall
ing from the ceiling to the floor. Things
did not seem real; the results of sight
appeared illusory, as though they were
the distorted representations of real
things which were in some way con
cealed by them. Wherever he looked
the arrangement was the same Con
fusion seized the professor. Cautious
ly he approached a rocking chair. Con
fusion again; instead of nearing it he
was leaving it! Tie must needs pro
! ceed backward with acute concentra
! tion of mind and careful- calculation.
Presently he reached it, turned his eye
tube from it while, he felt its seat to
assure himself it was there and right
side up: then with a sigh of relief he
sank Into it, rocked back,', when, lo!
instead of moving downward and for
ward with the motion toward the fire
' as he sat facing it. It seemed he was
moving upward and backward, while
the backward rock threatened to tum
ble him headlong in front. Nowhere
was there comfort and It was with the
utmost difficulty that the professor
could remain | seated and yield himself
to his reflections.  . .^t^ : .'
As he did so, however, he meditated
SAX FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
STRANGE EXPERIENCE OF PROFESSOR STRATTON OF THE UNIVERSITY OF CALIFORNIA
For the purpose of ascertaining a few scientific facts, Professor Stratton, curator of the department of psychology at the State University, subjected himself to
an ordeal such as few men would be willing to pass through. With a lens fastened in front of his eyes he tried to live his usual life for eight days. This lens
turned the world upside down as far as appearances went, and with these strange, uncanny surroundings Professor Stratton had his being for over a week. His
experience was a most trying one, but he lived through it and found out a few things of great scientific importance.
11 •.-> «o «n *- • m • »- m- ao ao •? ■ • •• • ♦ • • »? »r •? f,' • • • • •) »J 10 *!|3 15 RU Id m I! t3 ri: «> m n n m •■> *■ • > ■ • a■> •-■ «r •- •-! «i an mn mr> «r> «o mr, «.-. •- «~ ••>•-> »~ •-> •■•> »^ mr* mr, • » •/-, m^ •-% «~ «~ -
that what disturbed him was not the I
things he saw, but the things he re- j
membered. The visual arrangement of j
objects clashed with the Images in his j
mind of their arrangement Impressed
by past experience. He tried to feel]
that as soon as he could banish his j
mental adjustment of objects, supplant j
them with the new order Of things, he i
would no longer suffer those qualms ■
and surprises which now visited him. j
T us composed, he arose to seek the !
It* .n which surrounds the house. All {
movements of his limbs were exceed
ing awkward. Only when the action
was regardless of what he saw, and un- :
der the guidance of touch or memory,
as when one moves in the dark. could
his walking or movements of the hand
be performed with reasonable security
and directness. Otherwise the process
was a series of attempts and correc
tions. The limbs started In the oppo
site direction from the one really de
sired. "When I saw an object r;.-ar one
of my hands," he says, "and wis!
grasp it with that hand, the other hand
was the one I moved. The mistake was
then seen, and by trial, observation
and correction, the desired movement
at last brought about."
Finally reaching the lawn, the pro
r surveyed th*- trees growing out
of the sky, noted that the firmament
h.'id become ceiled with cement In long
sidewalk Btreaks, and observed, I
he looked ahead of him that I
ver a blue vault brushed
with golden sunlight, but which h
•■!. Suddenly some one picked up
:l stone and threw it. The pr^"
saw it leave the thrower's hand, re
marked the direction it was bring sent
and anticipated the sound of its falling
on his left. Whack! It struck the Bide
of the house on his right; the proi
quickly looked around and then
the Btructure, stuck against the g
sky, its contents held within it by a
massive peaked nnd shingled bottom.
During the early (lays i t the • ■■
it ions the professor hud
were that the field was Inverted. As
on, h< i'.\ ev< r, he ame 1
that the trouble whs not In his sur
roundings bul In himself; that he was
ted. "If the attention was direct
ed mainly Inward." he says,
fa \\>-vc- viewed in indirect at ten -
■ 1 clearly to be Inverted.
But when on the other hand full atten
tion was given t<. the outer ol
these frequently seemed to be in nor
posltlon, and whatever was of ab
normality seemed to lie In mysHf, as
If head find shoulders were Inverted
and I were viewing objects from that
position, as boys sometimes do from
between their l^gs; at other times the
Inversion seen* d to be confined to the
face and eyes alone."
Hut after the second day the situa
tion began to improve. Much of the
confusion which attended the early
stages of tii<> experiment had pnnscd
away and the condition was no longer
a strain upon the nerves. The pr
sor was even able to walk abroad and
enjoy the physical delights presented
In this strange aspect of thr scenery.
Commensurate with this change,
or images of adjustment In the normal
faded away, and were replaced by th>
inverted order. When places or objects
were recalled, they did not recur in the
old adjustments, but in the new. If a
<halr was Bought about the room, the
imagination did not fancy jt in n Mor
mal position, to be shocked when it was
found upside down: the memory took
hold of it as inverted and when the eye
caught it there was harmony within
tlu' mind when the actual fitted the jm-
With all this came Internal peace
and composure. The professor had
turned his world end for end and he
was comfortably living in it.
At night he slept well and though the
' Inhabitant! <>f his dream* di<l not
sn:iift) around for him on their heads,
for his mental workings in s
still to project upon the normal plan.-.
when he ji\v..k>- the position of objects
I instantly took <,n the Inverted form
I and caused him no discomfort thereby.
And so walkinp up and down the
; town in a passive contemplative way,
j at evening writing the sum of his day's
i experiences in a strangely hieropiyph
ical chlrography upon a paper pad
I turned upside down, po the professor
j wore on these days. At last came the
I final hour set to close the period of his
experiment. He had come to look up
on his round p'>rt h"]e upse( view of
j the world as being altogether proper
! and rational. It felt apreeable to him.
he was comfortable when lookinp out
upon it, when, alas! the puide slipped
out the lenses and left the black tube
sticking there without glasses, and,
presto! all was turned about again.
This wan the normal, regular old world
he looked upon now, but how changed!
rhe In 'us.- sat there Hat on the ground
md would not turn bottom upward for
Taught. The trees grew stubbornly In
he unmoving earth, despite the pr
eellng that It was all wrong, that
tumid be growing downward: and
there was that fire cracking away in
that ; had <'>me down
From the ceiling and now lay provok
inciy below his Held of vision while It
■ imht to b.- above.
Th>> entire scene swam before him. as
had Km l ie first put on
:h-- lenses. VerUgd seised the experi
menter, confusion returned: h^ grew
El* 77 C SyS A Instantly Relieved
UsfaClflA And Speedily Cured By
Distressing Skin Humors \UHvlllct
ECZEMA WORST KIND ECZEMA FIVE YEARS ECZEMA SEVEN YEARS 1 BABY'SAWFULHUMOR
-»: d r,.-s-,:-;::r- '"irSSHi- 9 *a KL%srKir tss.rs.ms sr
Not Able to See Unable One a Skin Specialist. Would Drive Him Mad. Under Opiates.
To Slcgd fop Weeks —
From Severe Pain. Friends (who had been Cured) TRIFn ruTiriißA RFMFniES Thought Ear Would Slough Off
From Severe Pain. Say "Try Cuticura Remedies" ™ ED 'J™ ™"^. "w" w E p 1 , p .rf Evefy Known Remedy Tried,
c- a n~Z~^~* d 1 Does So Without Faith. And Was Completely Cured. Physicians Skill Baffled.
Friends Could Not Recognize To Great Surprise Not a Trace or Pimple *
Face So Swollen and Hideous. Change in Three Weeks; Now Completely Cured For Three Years. Mo ther Distracted Tried the
Thrift rwtnr<s Onuirf Cuticura Remedies. Noticed
1 nice wuuiuia vuuiu I hare been an Intense sufferer of that awful I teas afflictedwith Eczema for seven years, Rpfipf in One Wepk
Not RcIiPVP dreaded, and everlasting disease, Kczema, for and my scalp was in a bad state. I had a bad neilßl ill WHO VVCCh.
lwl ncllCYCl five years. I tried everyone's advice in modi back, three inches of which was covered with
cines, beside four doctors, among which was ! a dry scab with a moisture underneath. The DCDCCPT PIIDC IW TlWfl liniiTUQ
______ .-.__.._ one of our specialists in skin diseases, with : itching was so bad I thought it would drive rtnrtu I UUiiC IH llf U mUrl Ino
CURED IN TWO WEEKS no improvement at all, and from tune to niPm ad. I can't explain my feelings. I tried
time setting mo almost frantic with dreadful all remedies I was told of, but could not get "j. cu/ncM CT&TrMriuT
BY itching. At last, after numerous persuasions cured, until I was advised to try CrmcußA .* ** awu«l>l &lfti Lintmi.
from friends (whom your medicines cured kesiedies. I took five bottles of Resolvent.
PIITIOIinA nriimirr completely) I gate myself op to (cticcra five cakes of Soap, and five boxes of Cm- When my little daughter. May, was elgh-
11 1 i l lnu nriVlrlllrN Remedies, expecting them to result as all crRA salve, and to my surprise, I trait com- teen months old, her head and face broke
uw I lUUlin llkinuuibVi previous ones. To my great and agreeable phtely cured. That is three years ago, and out in one solid mass of bleeding sores, and
surprise I found a wonderful change in three \ nave not ha d a r j m ple on my head or body one of her ears was so affected, that the doo-
t >,*« ,<»-,»^ —ifv, o «.» «f p,,, m , „» weeks, and after using three bottles of COW- i nce . You can use this as a testimonial if tor thought at one time that it would slough
I have suffered with a case of Eczema of  HA kf^.i vkn r. and one box of Cuticura Y ou wish. C. LONG, - off. Her suffering was intense, getting no
the worst kind, my race and neck down to my Salve. I found myself completely cured. April 12, 1897. 325 Wilton Aye., Toronto, Can. rest at all, unless under the influence of opi-
shoulders were one inflammation, was not Feb. 20, 18a7 * <■£<>. A. LOU F. j'hila., ra. ateB . The physician tried every known rem-
able to see out of my eyes for quite a while. ..a.-.,., OSMMiIIOCAOC CP7CMI CDOM DIDTU t&^*«&^:™*™%£&
and was unable to sleep for weeks, on account ft Wl* 1 1 \a I 111 '?i\r II \ I- rli/rIVIQ ml IIS I 11 1 HI II to get worse all the time. Distracted with
of the severe pain, which nearly drove me in- H1 1 IU L UJVIII UIULnUL 1-Ul-L.lfin lllUlll UIIIIII her condition, I did not, know what to do,
"T My ,T,??' lll " k ,rV w °'' e ° ! '^ Suffered UntSd7^"ny Two Years nt , ZT7T\ ... « n^™™* ! i l ™cZS e *l°&SX2Z's£
:™:.''Tr^:;i:n;,,/r»t;™;:;^ Itching and BurL| Terrible. Baby was soim BMb All Over
not have known me, only on account of my Had tO Give Up Work Entirely. Gave Up, and Thought She Before the first week I noticed that the Httl»
, , , ,  „ ' J ! ki r\ .1 i_ *% j sufferer was beginning to get relief. I admin-
clothes and carrying myself. The torture i nc * an * R p i: p f :n: n First ADDlication Never Could D 6 Cured. istered the Resolvent inwardly, when I
and intense pain I endured all that time, '"irniiT ai da DCMrmce — ; bathed her with the Soap , and used the Oint-
nnwnmior thit thr™ «r« «« mnnr .i,ipi.i.« OF l/UIH-»UriA li ClYi tUI to. •..•■_«» ■• -»- \ki i l ment freely, and in less than two months my
no wonder that there are so many B«ic»des. Wnrk pp u || v Cured in 2 Months Entirely Cured in TWO Weeks by little darling was entirely cured and well, ans
Three doctors, of good practice, at different At WOrK, Uliy I/Urea in 4 IVIOninS piiTIPIIRA RFMFTHFQ she got as fat as a little pig. It is now over
times were attending me, and not one of 1 was afflicted with a terrible malignant U ll^Unrt nC.IVIC.UICO two years since that happy event took place,
them could relieve me of my pain, swelling, g^-f^S^^^P^P^'^ After All Else Failed. bS eTerMfurEeT %£%?&s! 2JTSS
and blotches. I p.vo all B p. A friend advised ; " marks whatever are to be seen *>?<* the
me to try ( iTicriiA Remedies. I did and |,iob,i poison, and through them I spent May Cuticura be known the world over effects. \ou are at liberty to use this as you
was made a new man. hundreds of dollars trying to get relief. for the good It has done mv baby. From the fee fit, and I will gladly answer any and all
Mv first bottle of Cnirrnt. n^rrrv. All the time L was suffering untold agony, time she was born she had Eczema. When inquiries made to me with reference to the
Sly first bottle of CrrrictmA Resolvent an.l ftnally had to give np work entirelj . Like she was six months old we commenced doc- above stated facts. MRS. JAMES MELTON,
was taken on I «b. 18, 1897, also Cuticura a s h,king person, I grasped at ever>thing I saw toring her, but she only got worse, until she Oct. 20, 1897. 5 Hatden St., Atlanta, Qa.
(ointment) and Cuticura Soap. There was advertised. The burning, itching fix I was in was a solid scab all over. We had given up, Witness, J. G. Ahkrn. ;.:•-.*
immediately a great ekmnot mv shoulders and was onl y »KK«ivated by every effort to relieve and thought she never could be cured, until
„ . ,„„,,„„. ,„  '.n^snouniersana n CirricUKA rbmkdisr were suggested. one day I read of Cuticura Remedies and Georgia. Fulton Couimr.
necK turning to tneir natural color. The warm bath of Citticura Soap, anoint- decided to try them. I got one cake of Soap, In person appeared before me, Edgar H.
I used a total of three bottles or Cuticura ing with Cuticura, and the use of the Rnoi>- one bottle of Resolvent, and a tin of Oint- Orr, a Justice of the Peace in and for the 1028
Resolvent, four boxes Cuticura (ointment vent, seemed to start the cowl work from the ment, and gave them to her carefully as District, <;. M.. state and county aforesaid,
tlirPci-iUifirn c , *-i j flrst, and I experienced a soothing relief not- directed, and in tun weeks she was entirely J. G.Ahern, who being duly sworn, deposeth
uireccaKCBon.irriri,RAboAP,and my friends withstanding my intense pain. I Improved cured, and is now as tine and clear as any and saith, that the above testimonial is, to his
and one of the doctors are surprised, and right along, and in less than two months Iwat mother could want to see. I owe her life to best knowledge and belief, true in every
asked who cured me, and I tell them auicklv a ™ e to be U P and at "'" '< anil continued to Cuticura. and I feel I cannot give it enough detail. J. (i. AHERN.
r . T _. TT _ rtD , !>_.„ -.„..,„ » *' ,-..,.*. improve daily till 1 was entirely cured, sound praise, for I want to let all mothers know Sworn to and subscribed before me. this
t.uncußA kemedies. J. \ . KAt KA, \ :ln ,| we n. -with not a .111771 on my body anywhere, what it has done for us. MRS. W. R. FAIR, Oct. 20th, 1897. EDGAR H. ORB, Justice of th«
March 1, 1897. 33 Schole St., Brooklyn, N. T. M.B.BABTIKN, 156 W. Hunter St., Atlanta, Ga Nov. 25, ISM. 1127 S. Main St., S. Bend, Ind. Peace.
INSTANT RELIEF RID niQTPFQ^IMP lIIIRAfIR^
■Warm baths with Cuticura Soap, gentle applications of Cuticura (ointment), the great skin cure, and mild doses of Cuticura Resolvent, ; greatest
of blood purifiers and humor cores, afford instant relief, permit rest and sleep, and point to a speedy and permanent cure of the most torturing,
disfiguring, itching, burning, bleeding, scaly, and crusted skin, scalp, and blood humors, with loss of hair, when all else fails.
Sold throughout the world. Potter Drug and Chem.Cobf., Sole Props., Boston, British depot: F. Newbebt & Sons, London. 49- Send lor *< How to Core Every Skin Disease," fir**,
sick at the stomach, while perspiration
1 his brow, lie looked upon the
and it Bloped upward away from
him. The windows were altogether too
high in th.- positions in which they
He staggered to the door; with
which hand should he seize the knob!
rejected his ritrht. alas! he had
: hold of the wrong door. He lo
cated the proper one by a familiar
sound of the metal lock. He lifted his
foot to place it upon a rising Btep;
down it came and he drove forward,
the elusive step was a foot away. "A
really serious disturbance was set üb." !
says the professor, who began to get
frightened at thoughts of the possible
permanency of his disordered vision.
Quickly he removed the mask, took the
cloths from his imprisoned left eye.
when, ah! the light entering it pi<
it like hot needles; copimis tears im
mediately suffused it. The light was
too painful to be endured. The profes
sor repaired to a darkened room, ad
: black n.-tting in front of the eye.
and gradually coaxed it Into usefulness
by subjecting it fur periods to low de
grees of light, varying higher as the
day wore on. But it was an entire day
and a part of the following before that
right eye came to be satisfied with
things which were sitting on their bot
toms, nor ceased to desire to view them
as being hung from aloft.
But as a result of his experiment the
professor claims to have established
the position he sought to attest. "The
difficulty of seeing things upright by
means of upright retinal images," he
says, "seems to consist solely in the re
sistance offered by the long-establish
•■•l previous experience. There is cer
tainly no peculiar inherent difficulty
arisinsr from the new conditions18
END OF THE WORLD IS NEAR, SAY THE SEVENTH DAY ADVENTISTS
$> «>
$> Although going regular"! y about ♦
• their business, the Seventh Day ♦
<> Adventlsts live in momentary <S>
€> expectation of the end of the ♦
♦ world. "I expect to see it In the $>
<$> flesh," said a prominent mem- ♦
<?* ber of the Oakland church a few <?>
♦ days ago, and he but voiced tho «$>
<€> sentiments of the whole congre- <$>
♦ gation. The awful day may come ♦
<$* to-morrow; it may not come for ♦
<& years, but the Adventists feel ♦
<S> that it Is their duty to be pre- O
•S> pared. Following is a state- <?>
♦ ment on this subject by Elder ♦
«• Wllcox of Oakland. <»
<?■ <?>
THE end of the world Is assuredly
close at hand. There can be no
question ahout this, for a chair,
of biblical prophecies leads dl
rectiy to this conclusion- There are
thirteen different lines of prophecies al
ready fulfilled, or in process of ful
fillment, -which present at least a score
of special features, the existence of
which no honest person can fleny.
Among these are the increase of riches,
and knowledge, and disease; the wax
ing old of the earth as evidenced by
earthquakes, cyclones, failures of crops
and the like; the rise of all kinds of
relig-ious deceptions; the great decline.
of faith in things spiritual, and th<*
great increase of scoffers; the wide
spread expectation of, and prepara
tions for, war between the powerful
nations of the earth. A?I these are Jn
disputable facts, and were plainly fore
told in the books of James, Isaiah,
Habakkuk, Daniel, Revelation and
others. We are told that these things
and many more, which are occurring
all around us now, were to occur "in
The Great and Good
Things Women Are Doing.
MISS MARY CHAKKIKG WiSTBR
has been appointed a member of the
Philadelphia Board of Public Kdu
cation. She was especially indorsed
by the Civic Club, of which she 1b an ac
tive and highly valued member.
A young Xv>v York newspaper woman
has been trying as an example and help ,
to poor working girls to live on $3 a week. !
Having succeeded only in going hungry, i
she now declares that living on such a j
sum is utterly impossible, which Is i
BcarceJy an encouraging thought for the
thousands of girls who are able to earn
no more.
Miss Lennic Abshire lived for seventy
two years in the mountains of Eastern
Kentucky, and then suddenly determined
to learn to read and write. She reported
as a pupil at the primary school nearest
her home and studied diligently for three
terms, eleven months In all, and then
retired to private life again with enough
education to make the remainder of her
days happy.
Mrs. E. W. Cole of Nashville is the
owner of one of the largest and loveliest
rose gardens in America. She cuts over
2CX» roses every day and gives them away
to hospitals, schools, "shut ins" and her
friends.
The Teachers* Annuity Aid and Pen
sion Fund Association of Philadelphia
had nearl) MO. fl
Chestnut-street National Bank and
Trust Company, which recently closed
its doors.
Tho Woman's Club of Chicago during
isr<7 received 54231 S7 from the girls and
boys cf tho* public schools "f that city.
for the purpose at supplying warm
clothing to poor school children.
Minnesota has opo;i*d a St;ito School
of Agriculture for women, with accom
modations for sixty pupils.
Dr. Freda Lippert is physician for the
new Girls 1 High Schorl i:i Now York.
She occupies the chair of physiology and
also attends to the physical well-being of
the young women under her car ■.
A St. I..ouis girl, who committed the
indiscretion of marrying at tho apre of
If,, wants to continue her studies in the
public schools, but has been denied the
privilege by the school board. There is
a decided difference of opinion among
tho citizens as to the board's position in
the matter.
Th« Malnn branch of the Women's
Christian Temperance Union has sent a
formal protest to the Governor against
(be reapnblntment of Judge Enoch
FcHler of the Supreme bench, alleging
that ho Is moraliy unfit to occupy that
position. The Judge Is one of the most
eminent Jurists in New England, and in
tends making a hitter fight against his
feminine antagonists.
Miss Phoebe Cousins has almost re
covered from her recent illness, and is
preparing lectures on Cuba and Hawaii.
She believes Cuba's belligerency should
1,.. recognized, but Is opposed to the an
nexation of Hawaii.
< 'v. r a q : or-nt ury .■;. ■ :
W. I><c> and l-i'
he-arts in I I i<\ j. lisapi
without any explanation Jus! before tho
wedding 1 , but Miss Mnssoy remained truo
to his memory Last week !.•■■' reap
peared and called upon her, and aa
as a license could be obtained the two
were married and started off on their
long-delayed wedding journey.
Mrs. Allie M. Day is physician and sur
geon of the Lake County (Indiana) Hos
pital and Asylum. She Is a graduate of
the Central College of Indianapolis and
the first woman ever appointed in her
State to such a position as the one which
she is now filling: most satisfactorily..
Ethel Evans Smith, a little 8-year-old
daughter of the Quaker City, shows a re
markable talent for free-hand drawing,
in which she has. received no instruction
whatever, In a recent drawing contest
she submitted a design so beautiful in
conception and execution that, although
the contest was only intended for boys,
the judges cave her a special prize and
placed her work on. public exhibition.
Lady Henry Somerset has given the
town of Reigate. England, sufficient land
for the erection of ten alnmhouses. One
of the conditions of the gift is that no
less than throe women shall always be
members of the almshouse board of gov
ernors.
Kisa EschoTssohn. recently appointed to
the professorship of civil law at
the University of Upsala, is the second
woman professor <>f university rank In
Sweden. Tho into Sonya Ko^alevsky was
appointed professor of math*
the University of Stockholm in
A recent official report shows that there
j are in Germany three women emp
j as chimney-sweeps, thirty-five as slaters,
, seven as gunsmiths, 147 aa coppersmiths,
; 179 as farriers and nailers. 109 r.s mi
| >: K lit as St..: . cutters und 2000 In mart,:.-,
■ quarries.
Miss Leonora Jackson, the Chicago girl
i who won tho Ifendelssohn annuity prizo
j at the Berlin High School for music. Is
I deemed 1,-. Maestro Joachin th<- most
marvelous violinist, ho ever has taught.
Miss McLean of Glasgow has given a
fund for mission work among the dwarfs
of the Camaroons district, v>"est Africa.
and the work of evangelisation is fairly
begun.
j There is still living in quiet retirement
THE SAX FKAXCTSCO CALL, STTNDATT, JANUARY 10, 1898.
In a pretty villa near Aberdeen a daugh
1 >gg. the Ettrick Bhepherd.
The lady, now well over I .
clear recollection of her
gifted father, for she WM only an
of 4 years or so when "the shepherd"
Qeßrudenell-Brace, daugh
ter of the liarqoia ot Allesbury, •.
to sail her own yacht, and has appli
: : a for a mi
■- The board refvaea to examine
• la a woman.
Mrs. Humphry Ward received I
f<->r "Robert EHsmere," ~ : • ■
and "Marceila." J76.00C
■ady" and
'''■str.'li. 1
A pension has l.r. f . n granted t
widow of Knud Knudaen, ;i soldier In the
war, the back pay of which aggre
gates over Mow. The man was i native
of Norway and his wife has always re
sided there.
CURIOUS TELEGRAPHIC
MISUNDERSTANDING
As long as privnte telegrams can
only be transmitted from one person
to another at the rate of halfpenny
per word, so long will senders Bcheme
for the saving of wordß, and at the
same time risk misunderstandings,
some serious, some laughable.
A couple of friends were staying re
cently at Ballator. in Scotland, and
were to bo joined on a particular Sun
day afternoon, fur th^ afternoon onJy,
by two others from Aberdeen. In t lie
the afternoon, however, tho rain
poured down plteously at Rallater and
a wire was sent to Aberdeen Informing
the pleasure-seekers of the state (<t af
fairs and asking if they int. tided to
come. The reply sent was: "Certainly
not. Raining cats and dogs here."
Unfortunately this was read. "Cer
tainly. Not raining cats and dogs
h« re," and the result was that two
miserable beings, drenched to the skin,
sauntered wearily about Ballator sta
tion for hours and hours till there
were no more trains that nipht, when
home was sought and temper freely
exhibited.
Another story told of Aberdeen is
that there was a gentleman, well
known there of the name of Saint.
Any telegrams addressed "Saint. Aber
deen," would have found him. But on>
time the name of another Scottish
town was substituted for Aberdeen in
this brief address, and tho telegraphic
authorities at the receiving end were
puzzled. They at once returned the
message over the wires with the inti
mation and instruction, "No Saints
here. Try Aberdeen."
A well-known art dealer once exhibit
ed some of his treasures at an exhibi
tion at Manchester, and desiring the
return of one of them be wired,
"Please sm.l panel, t >n by eißlu, Ve
nus and Adonis— Litchfield." The
message Mas not in tho least und.-r
■
quently returned to the postoffice with
a note ti» that eft
came to the conclusion that the last
portion of the wire was an ad I
and sent it on to the city of Lltchfleld,
ring .-in early, reply as foU
"N*i. such nrm .-'.s Venus and A
known at LltchfieUL Try Manches
ter!"
It i- well known that press tele
prams are sent to newspapers at
groatly reduced rates nd are deliv
ered on large sheets of tissue paper,
technically called "flimsy," about 100
words appearing on each sheet. Tele
graph operators, knowing the skill of
sub-editors, abbreviate freely, such
contractions as "biz" (business , "rhg"
(right hon. gentleman), and others of
a like kind being regularly used, while
new ones are Invented as necessity
arises. On one occasion the late John
Bright was making a speech on an ed
ucational topic, which was being tele
graphed to the press, and found it nec
essary to frequently make use of the
word "children." "Chn" being the un
derstood abbreviation for "chairman,"
the telegraph clerk could discover no
means of shortening the word, but at
length became tired of writing it in
full and put "kids" instead, trusting
to the sub-editor to make it right. Un
accountably, however, the sub-editor
passed it, and when the paper came
out Mr. Bright, to the astonishment of
his admirers, was represented as hav
ing spoken of "the dear little kids."
A pupil was on one occasion intro
duced into the sub-editorial depart
ment of a provincial newspaper and
wasocoaslonally intrusted with the fill
ing in of the "nf's" and "the'.s" in the
condensed telegrams, one time in the
absence of his chief a Press Associa
tion telegram came with the text of an
official dit-patch from the commanding
officer of a British expedition, which
was being carried out at that time, la
which it was announced among the
casualties that a private soldier had
been killed. When official Information
of this character is comunicated the
regimental number of the victim is pre
fixed to his name, and so the news in
this case would be sent something like
this: "Casualties. Killed. MB7, Pr
South." The budding Journalist, know
ing nothing of these things and be
lieving that news of alarming import
ance had arrived, carefully "subbed"
it, knocking out Prtrate Bouthi name
as unneej;sary, and then went it to the
composing-room headed, "Terrible
Rritish Catastrophe — SOS" Soldiers
Killed." Fortunately fur the reputa
of the paper the compositor's sus
picions were aroused and the error
remedied in time.
There is a tradition of Nottingham
journalism which .1. Id Barrle, who
:i his career on the Nottingham
in one of his
bly this is the ori
gin of the present shape of
the tradition, though old pressmen say
it has foundation in fact. A sub
• legram which i
"Zulus have taken Umbrage; KnKlish
d to retreat." A capital l*
thrt w him off his guard and he b
»'<l the map tn vain fot the Uml
which had been captured. Pressed tor
time, however, ho let it go, and on the
contents placard n*-xt morning there
duly appeared the remarkable lines,
"Latest News of th<^ War — Capture of
Umbragre by the Zulus!"
ROMANTIC COURTSHIP
IN FAR JAPAN.
Japan is a long way off, and this
charming story of how courtships are
carried on among the elite of the so
ciety of the land of the rising sun has
not been confirmed by travelers, yet it
is pretty enough to lie true.
In certain districts in houses wherein
reside one or more daughters of a mar
riageable age an empty flower-pot of
an ornamental character is encircled
by a ring and suspended from the win
dow Or veranda by three light chains.
The Juliots of Japan are, of onurs",
attractive, ami the Rompos as anxious
as those of other lands. But instead of
serenades by moonlight and other deli
cate ways of making an Impfeaslon it
is etiquette ¥>r the Japanese lorer t<>
approach the dwelling of his lady I
lr.g some choice plant in his % hnnd.
which he boldly, but. let us hop.:;, rever
ently, ]■!■ ceeda t' plant In the empty
vase. This takes place at a time when
he is fully assured that both mother
and daughter are at home, neither of
whom, of course, is at all conscious
xh:it the young man is taking such a
liberty with the Bower-pot outside their
window. This act of placing a pretty
plant in the empty flower-pot Is equiva
lent to a formal proposal to the young
lady who dwells within.
The youthful gardener, having set
tlad his plant to his mind, retires, and
the lady is tree to act aa she pi
If he is the right man she takes every
care of his gift, waters it and tends
it carefully with her own hands, that
all the world may see the donor is ac
cepted as a suitor.
the last days" — "in the time of the end,"
and therefore we feel sure that the
time of Jesus' Becond coming Is very
near, "even at the doors."
The coming 1 of Christ Is to be an no
tual and literal coming in the flesh, as
he was caught up into heaven after his
resurrection. He will appear in the
clouds accompanied by his angels, and
the righteous, both the living and
dead, will go with him to heaven, while
the wicked will perish at the sight of
his glory and brightness. The heaven
which we look forward to is not sim
ply a state or condition, but is a re
ality, a blessed abode wherein the elect
will live and reign with our Redeemer
for 1000 years before their return to
earth. It may be on one of the pla
nets, or perhaps — and this seems to
some of us more likely — on the glorious
sun itself, the center of our solar sys
tem. Wherever it Is, however, it is
a certainty, a place of "many man
sion?," where the righteous shall be
especially blessed by the personal pres
ence of him through whom they are
redeemed.
For 1000 years the earth will lie des
olate and forsaken, and the wicked,
who rejected the Saviour while thoy
had the opportunity to obtain his
grace, will wait in a dreamless sleep
their final judgment At the exnira
ti"n of this period of the Lord and his
people will descend to earth and the
doomed shall be summoned to their ac
counting, after which they are to be ut
terly consumed by fire from heaven,
which is also to burn and purify this
whole earth, and make it fit for the oc
cupancy of the great family of God
which is to live in happiness and glory
inexpressible forever.
We do not believe Jn an everlasting:
hell of fire and brimstone, but we do
believe in an utter blotting out and de-
Btructlon of the wicked. Every chance
is given them in this life, and they are
If You Cannot Sleep
at Night Read This
THE necessity of regular sleep for
the maintenance of good health
h;is long been recognized by ob
servant minds. The Impossibility of
sleep at Will, however determined one
may be, brings on ii state Of painful
n< rvinisn ■ ss. Physical and moral sen
sibility becomes exaggerated. The sub
ject gets restless, impatient and >x
dted. He is tormented by an unceas
ing need of motion or action, but there
is very little energy in him. He is
particularly accessible to morbid in
fluences and predisposed to adynamic
forms of sickness, according to the
New York Herald.
This summary of the evil effects of
insomnia holds good whatever the form
It may take — whether deep comes only
after a long period of cerebral excite
ment, or, on the contrary, is broken
after an Insufficient interval of repose,
or Bleep is constantly broken, the re
sults are exactly the same.
But if apyretic Insomnia baa i>ad ef
fects on the organism, the absence of
sleep is infinitely more painful in the
case of patients stricken with fever.
H< nee the physician called in must de
vote all his energies to find a remedy,
v. ich must in each' case be preceded
by a study of the original cause of the
trouble.
It is correct to say that besides the
insomnia Cue to abuse of coffee, tea or
alcohol, the sleeplessness due to chlor
osis, anaemia, arteri-sclerosis or ex
treme pain, there is a whole category
of essential insomnia, so called be
cause its cause is unknown. For all
these varieties of sleeplessness, and
more particularly for the one last
named, the remedies used, with differ
ent results, are: Opium, chloral, hy
oseyamus, Indian cannabis and a num
ber of other hypnotics.
Having teed with the aid of these
drugs to cure a case of persistent in
somnia following upon a carriage ac
cident. Dr. Learned had recourse, in
sheer despair, to the following rather
complicated treatment, which had the
desired effects:
The principle of this method is to
tire out the muscular system by a ser
ies of exercises carried out in bed. The
patient first of all stiffens himself out
on his bed, then raises his head half
free agents as far a. \h* acceptance or
rejection of God's mercy is concerned.
There can bo no repentance or forgive
nop.a after death; our record is kept
faithfully, and by that we are judged.
Our people do not set a precise date
for the ending 1 of the world, for the rea
son that we believe the Bible to be
true and wo are told therein that "the
day and the hour knoweth no man."
The definite prophecy made by William
Miller was based on a miscalculation
and a misconstruction of certain scrip
tural terms. He expected that the
world was to come to an end in 1844.
but that was in reality only the end
of definite prophetic time — the end of
Christ's priestly ministrations In hea
ven, and the beginning or the work of
investigative judgment. "While we do
not attempt to even approximate the
"great and terrible day of the L,ord,"
we are still .sure that It is so near that
some of those who were living in 1^43-44
will be living witnesses of the L,ord's
coming, and will go with him. with
out passing through death, to the New
Jerusalem. This brings the time very
near, but it is best that we should not
know its exact limit. One thing is
certain — the general ■war which is to
precede the end will not take place un
til God's work, the spreading of the
gospel in all nations, is done, but events
follow each other rapidly, and there
are no obstacles in the way of ap
pointed things. Whether it be to-day,
or to-morrow, or years from now, it is
our duty to be prepared and to help
to prepare others, and to do what good
we can to the poor and suffering. Hav
ing done our duty the swiftly approach
ing end of worldly things will have for
us no terrors, but will be full of ineffa
ble joy and gladness.
Statement of Elder Milton C. Wil
cox of the Oakland Seventh Day Ad
ventist Church.
Editor "Signs of the Times. "
an inch, breathing slowly and deeply,
ab.»ut eight times a minute, and counts
his breaths.
At about the twentieth inspiration
the li. ooing fatigued, is allowed
to fall inch, and the patient, still re
maining stiff, raises his right leg and
lets it fall when tired, alternating with
the left leg.
When the muscles are not employed
for these exercises, they must be tensed
in stiffening out the body. The patient
also must raise his body, supporting
himself on the back of his head and
his heels.
Then turning on the right side, the
sufferer begins the whole series above
mentioned and does the same on his
left side.
It will thus be seen that eight suc
cessive positions are taken, involving
constant muscular exertion. The
author adds: "If sleep does not come
after the first cycle of movements,
then they must be repated till it
does."
Mr. Learned must be congratulated
on having codified and scientifically
regulated the time and movements of
what we may call "the art of turning
in bed." But I must admit that I have
no great confidence in the soporific
value of his process.
The retort may be that it succeeded
in his case. At any rate, it is harm
less, and that is in itself a reason for
trying it.
STILL UNKNOWN.
F. Litchfield, a well-known art-deal
er, exhibited some panels of old tapes
try at the Manchester Jubilee Exhibi
tim. says Household Words. Wanting
one of the panels returned for some
reason he telegraphed: "Please send
panel by ten— Venus and Adon
is— I.itchfkld."
The departmental head o* the exhi
bition was away, and his ' clerk re
tnmed the message to the postofflce as
"Not understandable." The postof
fke people, struck with a bright idea,
then transmitted the telegram to th»
city of L,..chfield, and received the fol
lowing reply:
"No such firm as Venus & Adonis
known here. Try Manchester."HUNTING WILD HOGS ON THE SAN JOAQUIN VALLEY LOWLANDS.
Narrow Escape of
a Young Hunter
From a Vicious
"Tusker."
FOR years past a select lot of i
knowing- hunters have been hav
ing exciting Bport knocking wild
hogs in certain sections of the
Ban Joaquin River bottoms. It
Isn't every day though that the ven
turesome hunters are almost killed by
the cornered hogs. Thnt fate, however,
nearly befell William Douglass last
week. If .Tim Pope, with a trusty Win-
Chester, hadn't been standing near by ;
Douglass wouldn't be telling the exclt- \
ing story he dors about the old "tusk- .
er" that' had him down in a rush.
The country they hunted in is wild
and densely covered with an almost
Impenetrable tangle of vines, low brush
and occasional trees. All old residents
tilong the lower San Joaquin valley
know just such territory along the
bottom lands where the water over
flows In the spring. Hundreds of wild
hogs inhabit some of them.
It was in just such a jungle, near
Lathrop, where young Douglass went
to bag some wild hogs, and it was in
"thin same jungle that "Old Man" Ty-
Bon hid after killing Deputy Sheriff
Buzzfll on Thanksgiving eve, 1595. To
this wilderness of willows and under
brush Williams and Schlagel fled last
September after attempting to wreck
and rob the south-bound New Orleans
express.
Nearly every traveler in California
knows of Lathrop, in the banner wheat
county of this State, but very few of
the passengers who dine at the station
dally know that less than five miles
away there is this wild spot where boar
hunting can be followed that is every
bit as exciting as the famous hunts in
India, There can be no "pig sticking,"
to be sure, for the hunter who wishes
to. bay a wild porker in the San Joa
quin underbrush must rely on his rifle
and enough nerve and strength to
carry him on hands and knees beneath
the network of vines and buches.
The land thereabout abounds in
coons, and coon-hunting is a favorite
pastime with the sportsmen of San
Joaquin County. Occasionally when
running down one of these ring-tailed
despoilers of hen roosts the hunters
run across one of the droves of wild
hogs that sometimes venture out into
the open places on the river bottom.
The hunters, however, rarely venture
into the thickets on the old Trahern
ranch and in the underbrush, where
the wild hogs root out a living. It is a
dangerous venture unless one is pre
1 to meet a roving vicious old
"Tusker." Williams, the train-wrecker,
now serving a life sentence in the Fol
som State Prison, knew this wild sec
tion well, and told the authorities that
he crawled all night long through this
: on the evening of the Morano
hold-up. He was looking for a hiding
place where it would take the officers
him, and he was in just
the right ttmtry to find such a
place. H« might still be at large had
not hunger and curiosity forced him to
leave the haunts of the wild lmgs.
"Those robbers will have plenty of
hop meat to keep them alive." was
what a number of old-timers said when
T the train-wreckers had
irush. Tin's Is what fireij
hunters v itte a i]<-siro to possess a pair
of wild boar's tusks.
pe aii'i T had hoard," saM Doug
las, in telling his adventure, "that there
■ were lots of wild hogs in the i i
' brush n^ar the river. I heard this
story when I first came to the country,
bxit paid no attention to it, for when
ever I had a chance-to go hunting I
went after ducks or doves. After Thf
newspapers printed so mu<-h about that
%Villiams and Sehlaerel affair, and told
of the wild country they were supposed
TO BRING ABOUT THE BANISHMENT OF WORRY AND CARE.
<*"T"\ HEODORE F. REWARD of New
York is the man who is trying to
bring about the banishment of
worry and care. Already there
are five "Don't Worry" circles in
this city, to say nothing of others
throughout the country, and more are
being formed.
So now all you have to do is to buy
a copy of Mr. Seward's little book,
"Don't Worry; the Scientific Law of
Happiness," join one of the circles and
gpend the remainder of your existence
■without a single thought of the mor
row, what you shall eat or what you
Bhall drink, or wherewithal you shall
be clothed. The secret of happiness
ehall be yours. If you are a tailor, and
your patrons forget to pay their bills,
you will learn to get along without
worrying about it. And if, as a con
sequence of the forget fulness of your
patrons, you are unable to meet your
own obligations, you must get your
creditors to join a "Don't Worry" cir
cle, and then you will be all right.
The movement had its inception in
Mr. Seward's little book, and since the
first circle was formed, last Novem
QUEER FREAKS OF WIND STORMS.
The wind in a frolic sometimes pro
duces very curious and unexpeete<
results, even in Britain, where storm
have not the violence of those exper
enced in tropical countries.
Borne tim£ ago a landowner in Lan
arkshire possessed a very fine fores
of venerable and sturdy trees, i
■which he was inordinately prout
Time after time an enterprising wood
merchant made him tempting offer
for the timber, and as often his offer
■were repulsed with scorn. But prid
goeth before a fall, and one stormy
night a mighty wind swept over the
district, and when morning came, in-
Btead of the stately forest, the aston
ished landlord beheld only a tangled
mass of trunks, branches, and roots
mixed up in inextricable confusion.
This was bad, but there was worse
to come. Thinking to make the best
of matters, the owner resorted to the
wood-merchant and offered him the
timber on his own terms. Picture his
Ishment and- chagrin to lind that
the merchant now refused to accept
If even as a gift, as the cost of clear
ing the ground from the effects of the
etorm would far exceed the value of
the wood.
The same storm produced a still
more surprising effect on a neighbor
ing estate, where a path, about twen
ty or thirty yards wide, was entirely
cleared of trees, while those on each
side .stood unharmed.
But the queerest pranks of -wind are
played in towns. Recently a severe
wind swept over one of our large
cities, and did considerable damage to
many <>f the buildings. In one in
stance, a stark of chimneys crashed
through the roof of a house, and, fall
ing immediately in front of a bed,
wailed in the inmates so securely that,
! WAS DOWN AND DRAWING MY KNIFE WHEN ThjE VISCIOUS BRUTE MADE A GOUGE AT ME.
to be in. I suggest tn— that's
»n mi" it totm
and see if we could get one of those
wild boars. Jim is always ready for
anything of that kind and has a fine
Winchester to help him out. i had no
gun, so T borrowed a single-barrel
magazine shotgun, like that crack shot
of the Reliance Club uses in breaking
ocks. We fitted ou< for .■<
days' stay, and hired a skiff to go up
ber, it has taken definite shape and is
being given serious consideration by
a great many persons. One of the
most prominent advocates is th«-
E. Walpole v. ector
James 1 Church. Circle X". - will
next Friday evening in the library of
the church, and th" principal topic will
be the relation of worry to he;Uth.
An Emerson ciub has to be
counted as Circle X". 5. giving as its
11 that transcendentalism is
"don't worry*" reduced to pra
Judge Rufua 1.. '''.wing was one of the
leading spirits in the organization of
Circle No. 3. The word organization,
however, is objected to by the mem
bers, as there is really no government,
no officers, no dues, and nothing to
worry about. The members simply
meet at stated intervals, and practice
together the art of r.ot worrying.
"The meetings really tak- the form
of an Intercha ' Mr.
Stewart recently told. "There is
usually a topic for discussion, b-aring
some relation to the movement, after
whirh those present tell each other In
they are mak
ing In abstaining from worry."
Mr. Seward himself looks as though
he had never had a care in the world,
I though unhurt, they had to remain
prisoners till dug out by their aston-
Ished neighbors.
A Bomewhat similar accident once
led to very peculiar effects in the As-
Blze Court at Worcester. A stack of
'■ chimneys fell through the roof of the
Nisi Priua f'ourt and put an effectual
Stop to the business fur the time be
ing. The Judge 'Mr. Justice Wilmot)
w;-s unhurt, but four out of the five
I barristers present were injured,
I though not fatally.
One of them, a Mr. Aston, with
great presence of mind, slipped under
the table and escaped unharmed, while
[ another, Mr. Ifgreton, was jammed in
; by the rubbish and had to be dug out.
Less fortunate than the legal lumin
aries, the crier of the court and five
; others were killed, while many people
were Injured in the mad rush to get
out of the falling building.
The most interesting result, how
ever, (hat ever followed a great storm
i is that which still stands and defies
; the force of the elements at Plymouth.
j The great* breakwater was originally
planned with the seaward face laid j
oit at a Blope of one in three. When
the work was well advanced, a storm
displaced a large portion of the work,
find altered the slope to one in five!
The engineers, not profiting by the
lesson, again altered it to its former
Slope, and again some years later
Nature, in the form of a furious
storm, reduced it to one in five. This
time the lesson was not without its
1 duo effect, and to this day the great
breakwater remains a lasting testi
mony to the engineering skill of the
forces of Nature.
The tobacco raised in Beloochistan
Is exceedingly strong and cannot be
smoked by any but the most vigorous
white men. The natives do not ap
pear to be affected by it.
TIIE SAN FTCAXCISCO CATX, SrXDAT, JA\T T AEY 16, 1898.
as far as i in City. 1 did not i
know much about the couptry, but
Jim had live,] in the county all his life
and knew the lay of the land.
"When we reached San Joaquin <"ity
it was <-arly in the afternoon, and Jim
Inquired i; there were a::y woodchop
. amps near by. Just as soon as
rned in what direction w >u!d
ne v. c started for it. Maybe
don't think it was work getting tl
and T don't believe ho would know how
,; anything if lie wanted
i... !!■■ is a littl>- man, with ••.
which fairly exudes benevolence, i- r 1
nature and peace of mind. I >
might h;r i a mod
t the « 'i potl ■■ lios
kindly old gentlemen who .
much of life's sunshine about with
them.
The founder of this erusnd> against
brain exhaustion and nervous prostra
BONES OF A MASTODON
FOUND IN TULARE COUNTY.
AT VARIOUS times in the history of California the
fOBSfI remains of extinct mammals have been ex
humed by the farmer's plow or the miner's )ii<k.
but probably the most satisfactory specimens that
have ever been found on \J\>- Pacific Coast are those
recently brought to light by some ranchers in Kings
County.
A short time ago, while J. H. Hertford and J. W. Har
ris were plowing on the former's ranch near the mouth of
the Tule River, some three miles cast from the waters <>f
Tttlaxe Lake and twenty-three miles southeast <>f Han
ford, the plowshare suddenly struck some hard substance
at a depth Of some four or live inches beneath the surface
which Investigation ■bowed to be the bones of ■ masto
don. The men at once began to excavate, and in a short
time succeeded in uncovering some score or more of the
di fi"» rent parts of the mammoth skeleton. Some of the
largest bones were brought to Hanford for examination,
and local paleontologists pronounced them as unquestion
That's the toughest country 1 ever ex
]>•■<■; to travel through. There is noth
ing but tangled willows, blackberry
- and underbrush,
and you hare to crawl on the ground
or climb over it or cut your way
through. It was nearly night when w«
r>'.'t< h.-d the clearing where the wood
chopper's cabin is. No on<- >■. -.li 1 ;
fmd it in ten years without proper di
rectlonp.
tlon with which New York is so sorely
afflicted, is a cousin of form* r 8
tary of State William H. Seword. He
is a musician by profession, and un
til recently taught music in the T»
era" College. He has long devoted his
- !■ nee, and in
l<>\ organised the Brotherhood of
Christian I'nity.
"The motto of that society," said Mr.
Reward, "is "Love your neighbor and
respect his beliefs.' Its object is to
ably the bones of the noted mastodons of the Quarter-
nary age. ■ . . '..
Most plentiful among the bones on exhibition are the
vertebrae. In order to pive some definite idea of the size
of these bones, a horse's vertebrae is placed by the side of
those of the mastodon in the cut. The former can be
easily passed through the opening for the spinal cord in
the backbone of the latter.
Perhaps the most Interesting of the fossil remains is
the huge tcoth. This tooth is in a perfect state of preser
vation, showing very plainly the transverse ridges of en
amel crossing the tooth and uniting with each other in
pain at the Bides <>f the tooth, inclosing an elongated area
of dentine, while between these areas and continuous with
the exterior of the tooth is a lay r of cement, character
istics peculiar to the teeth of these extinct proboscideans.
The tooth is ten Inches long, seven inches wide, and
weighs ten and one-half pounds. The great weight is due
to the tooth's being petrified
"The woodchopper routed us out at
4 o'cldck :.■ \! morning to gel outside
bacon and a t^al duck
: made us eat a
as breakfast, for, as he put
it, "if you don'l feel full you'll never
have the sand to hunt long in that
brush. You'll need it before you get
\v. were mighty glad after
ward that we fed well, for when we
struck the brush we found that it took
draw people into closer sympathy. The
don't worry movement is refllly an out
growth r.-f that. It is a Study of relig
ious truth from the scientific and prac
tical side. This truth, when really un
derstood, relieves the mind from anx
iety and worry, and thus the move
ment perpetuates itself."
Mr. Seward claims that Americans
above all others are slaves to the wor
rying habit— that it is a national vice,
a disease which he calls Americanitis.
nearly an hour to go a mile.
"It must have been fully three hours
■ we got a sign of a wild hog.
Jim caught a glimpse of him in a bit
of clearing. We crawled through the
tangled blackberry vines in front and
good view of him. He was an old
just like the pictures you have
Near him was a sow and three
fairly grown pigs. They were too far
off for a good dead shot, so we moved
Tf worry can be conquered nearly all !
the passions that destroy our happiness
will disappear.
"The habit of worrying cannot be
ov.r.ome," says Mr. Seward in his |
book. "Don't Worry," "without res
olute and persevering effort. But with !
such effort the habit certainly can be
mastered. If the following suggestions
are intelligently observed the habit will
lose its power, and quietness and!
pea^p will tak^ the place of the fever
isfa anxiety, the undercurrent of rest
lesa feeling which robs the human heart
of its natural happiness and raises the
question so often heard, whether life is
really worth the living."
He then proceeds to lay down rules
for guidance as follows:
1. Consider what must be Involved In ;
the. truth that God is infinite and that \
you are a part of his plan.
2. Memorize some of the scripture i
promises and recall them when the ;
temptation to worry returns.
3. Cultivate a spirit of gratitude for
daily mercies.
4. Realize worrying as an enemy
which destroys your happiness.
5. Realize that it can be cured by per
sistent effort.
BIG PRICES PAID FOR BOOKS.
The question as to the highest price
ever paid for a single book is one which
has long interested bibliomaniacs— people
who are not in any way to be con
founded with bibliophiles. The biblio
maniac is merely a collector— somewould
rail him a prank— who looks upon a book
as, he would upon a piece of blue china,
a thins to be valued only for its rarity,
and not for its contents. The bibliophile,
on the other hand, is a reader, a man
who looks between the covers, but is
not, as a rule, rich, and therefore the
records of phenomenal prices have little
to say of him. In the world of biblio
maniacs the prince is Bernard Quaritch
of Piccadilly, the famous London book
seller, who for years has bought and
Bold the highest priced editions. Time
was when Quaritch. starting as a re
tail bookseller on his own account, was
willing to sell a volume for the humble
sum of 8 cents, but to-day, nous avons
change tout cela. Quaritch's catalogue,
just issued, is in itself an expensive af
fair, ranging in price from $1 25 to $5,
according to the style of printing and
pet-up. A glance at the volume shows
that Quaritch nowadays does not deal in
cheap editions. The lowest priced book
on his list is a folio copy of Cicero,
printed in Venice, for which he asks
only $70. From this sum the prices range
up to 526.250 for a copy of the Psalter
ium Latinum, on vellum. This is said to
be the second book ever printed with a
date. The year is that of 1459, and the
magnificent typography of the work,
combined with its age, gives it this al
most fictitious value. But Quaritch, ac
customed to handling big figures, does
not think the sum at all excessive. Next
on his list, at a price of $25,000, comes a
still older Bible, the famous Bihlia Lat
ina, or Mazarin Bible, dated 1454-66, the
first book ever produced by typog-
raphy.
Doubtless the history of this volume
The Savage Brute
Knocked Over in
the Nick of
Time
about to get a little nearer. I went to
the left and Jim to the right.
"The old rascal must have scented us
for he lifted his snout and started for
the brush directly in front of where I
was standing. I stepped out and
in the excitement shot too soon, for he
was over seventy-five yards off. The
shot never touched him and he made
straight for me.
"I did not think there was any dan
ger, for I knew all I had to do to get
another and a better shot was to pump
another cartridge into the magazine.
I tried to work the gun. The cartridge
stuck. I pumped it for all it was worth
but it would not budge.
"I was on one kneee using every
muscle to dislodge the shell and the
boar was coming head on like a lim
ited express.
"I saw he'd reach me before I could
Jump anywhere for safety, so I
clubbed the gun and made a
pmash at him. But I slipped on the
soggy ground and he was at me when
I heard Jim's Winchester crack. The
boar looked as big as an elephant to
me for an instant. I'm sure his tusks
looked larger than a mastodon's.
"He was right over me, and one of
his tusks grazed my duck coat as Jim
caught him between the shoulders. I
laid flat on the ground, reaching for
my knife, as the boar toppled over.
"That's the closest shave I ever had.
Catch me fooling with those magazine
shotguns any more. 'Trombone,' that's
what the crack Reliance man calls
himself, may break biuerocks with
them, but I'll take a rifle and a 44
caliber Colt's besides when I go after
wild hogs again.
"What we should have had waß a
lot of good dogs. Then there would
have been a pretty fight. I'll bet that
old boar would have made it warm for
the best dogs in the country.
"When Jim fired the boar fell directly
across my body, and I couldn't get out
from under him till Jim ran up and
helped to roll the big brute over. He
did not look quite so big when he was
stretched out as he did when standing
over me with his head ready for a
gouge, but he was a vicious looking
rascal just the same. We each have
one of the big tusks as souvenirs of
that fight.
"On the way home we bowled over
another. An old sow and two pigs
were rooting acorns under an oak.
This time we had a 'cinch,' for we were
right on them, and while I put a load
of buckshot into one of the pigs Jim
caught the sow right under the left
shoulder. Then o\ir troubles began
again. How to get them out through
the brush was the next question. We
finally decided to take the pig and let
the old woodchopper take the sow out
if he wanted her.
"That night we had a feast In his
cabin. He dressed the pis, difl the
cooking and w<=> d'd the rest. I tell you
we were hungry."
Several other hunters are contem
plating a trip into the bottoms for a
boar hunt, but they intend to take
along several good coon dogs to see
what sort of a fight one of the big
boars will make.
Oscar Marshall of the Stockton po
lice force is an old~time market hunter,
ITe declares that there are hundreds
of wild hogs along that portion of the
San Joaquin west and south of the rail
road bridge. He hunted there over
twenty years rigo, and at that time it
was a common thing for the market
hunters to knock over a wild hog when
they wanted fresh pork.
It Is estimated that 400,000 larks ar«
sold yearly for food at the Leadenhall
Market, London.
6. Attack it definitely as something: to
be overcome.
7. Realize that it never has done and
never can do the least good. It wastes
vitality and impairs the mental facul
ties.
8. Help and comfort your neighbors.
9. Forgive your enemies and conquer
your aversions.
10. Induce others to join the Don't
Worry movement.
Mr. Seward's earnestness is shown in
a later work on the subject, which haa
not yet appeared. "A don't worry cir
cle," he says, "may be large or small.
Any family may agree to resolve itself
into a don't worry circle, and many ar«
doing so. On the other hand, mem
bers need not even live in the same
place. There is one circle of three
members, two of whom live In New
York and the third in Michigan. They
study the scientific principles of the
subject and help each other by corre
spondence. Usually members live in
the same town and have regular meet-
ings."
It has been suggested that school
teachers form circles and that the prin
ciple be applied to their work in th«
schoolroom.
justifies the enormous price Quarltoh
sets upon it. It was among the earliest
products of Guttenberg, who Is one of
the persons credited with the Invention
of the art of printing from movable
types. This is a vexed question, but the
Bible itself is undoubtedly authentic, it
having obtained its name through the
accidental discovery of a copy by De
Beere in Cardinal Mazarih's library at
Paris. Probably this is the Syston Park
copy which Quaritch purchased some
years ago. At the famous Brayton Ives
sale, held in New York in immense
excitement was created by the purchase
of another specimen of this rare work
for $14,800. A contemporaneous ac
count of the sale says: "The circum
stances under which this copy was pur
chased, its acknowledged rarity, the
various surmises -concerning its value
and the report that it was about to re
turn to England, gave special import
ance to the sale. Although it has six
teen leaves in fac-simile, its condition,
height, purity of vellum, its illuminated
letters, have given it a world-wide repu
tation. The story of it is brief. Mr.
Brindiy bought it in Europe. At his sale
in :w the late Mr. Hamilton Cole pur
chased it for JSOOO, Mr. Ives at that
time being the next highest bidder.
When the Syston Park copy, badly
cropped, was purchased by Air. Quar
itch for $17,500 and offered to Mr. Ives at
a small advance he immediately decided
to purchase Mr. Cole's copy."
Whether even this enormous sum was
the highest ever paid for a book is ques
tionable, for a French authority claims
that $50,000 was given by the German
Government for a missal presented by
Pope Leo X to King Henry VIII of Eng
land, along with a parchment confer
ring on that sovereign the right of as
suming the title of Defender of the
Faith, ever since borne by British sov
ereigns.
1920
THE WHITE COCKADE.
A Story of the Escape of Bonnie Prince Charley.
SINCE, in the opinion of all reason
able men, no further attempt Is
lik. iy to be made to place one of
family <>n the throne of
Great Britain, at least by force of
arms, i can now, without prejudice
to r:r. v one tell the Btory of the stranj?e
adventure which brought me face to face
for the 1 1 last lime with <""harles
Edward Stuart, commonly known as the
young Prei i ■
Late In the afternoon of September 22,
1750, I received the following letter:
"Dear Friend— By the time this is
placed in your hands 1 shall be at sea
on my way to Antwerp. It is all over.
Under the name of John Douglas the
Prince has been In London for nearly a
week and nothing has come of It. There
is no prospect of a rising. Gentlemen of
quality and influence, however devoted to
the Prince, have no mind to risk their
lives and estates by marching on London
unless supported by a strong body of
regular troops, believing that exile, or
more probably the scaffold, would be the
sure and certain end of any such rash
undertaking. To speak the plain truth,
1 am much of that way of thinking my
self, and. having wife and child, will not
draw my sword until 1 perceive some fair
prospect of success.
"I write to warn you of that which con
cerns you nearly. The other day the
Prince came unexpectedly to a party at
Lady Primrose's, great!} to 'the conster
nation of her ladyship and of most of her
guests. Indeed, he met with but a cold
reception from any but your betrothed.
Miss Kate Gordon, and her cousin, An
drew Macintyre, who were both present.
"Miss Gordon went down on her knee
before them .-ill and kissed his hand. It
was very bravely done and moved him
greatly, but. indeed, it was scarcely pru
dent. Macintyre followed her example
and I heard him whisper to th*> Prince
that if his royal highness would deign to
honor his poor house with a visit this
evening (ye 22d) he would meet with a
very different kind of welcome. Learn
ing that Miss Gordon would be present
the Prince consented.
"Now, a word in your ear. This Macin
tyre is not to be trusted. I have Infor
mation from a sure source that he is a
spy in the pay of the Government, and
that the man with one eye, the odious
creature, Donald Fraser, who follows
him about like a shadow, is. if possible,
a more Infamous wretch than him*
"The house Is in a lonely situation and
I am convinced that these scoundrels aro
concocting some plot to betray the Prince
and are making use of Miss Gordon's
grace and beauty and well-known devo*
tlon to the Jacobite cause to entice him
Into a trap. I tried to give the Prince a
hint of this, but ho listened to me coldly,
and indeed of late he has become noto
riously Impatient of advice from his best
and truest friends.
"That Miss Gordon should be made an
accomplice in this. villainous scheme will
I know, be hateful to you, and I doubt
not you will do what lies in your power
to prevent it. Yours most faithfully
"MATTHEW FIELDING."
My Hood boiled as I road his letter.
I was no friend to the Stuarts, and, In
d little whether the Pretender
was taken or not; but that Kate should
he involved i n this infamous plot was In
describably painful to me, and i -
lutr-iy determined that Bhe never should
be if word or act of mine could prevent
Yet it was no very pleasant task for
me to Interfere In tho matter, for there
had already been a sharp quarrel be
tween Kate and myself with regard to
this Macintyre and her passionate de
votion to the cause of the unhappy
Stuarts. She was an orphan and Mac
lntyre. being her cousin, had undertaken
to act as her guardian, a piece, of pre
sumption which I bitterly resented, for
I had good reason to believe that he
hated me and meant, by fair means or
foul, to supplant me In Kate's affections,
and win her and her small fortune for
himself. But he had been out with the
Highlanders in 45, and . the courage be
had then displayed and his hypocritical
professions of attachment to the prince
cast a glamor about him In the eyes of
a young and romantic girl. Nothing I
could say would induce her to put an
end to their friendship, and we had
finally parted with bitter words on both
sides.
But Fielding's letter drove my anger
to the winds. Come of it what Would I
was resolved to go boldly to Macintyre'a
house, and insist upon her leaving it at
once. I would escort her to the lodgings
of my aunt, Lady Chester, who would, I
knew, receive her gladly.
So I buckled on my sword, procured a
coach and drove quickly to Macintyri 'c
house, which lay some distance from the
city. Within 200 or 300 yards of the gate
I alighted, and, leaving the coach hidden
in a lane near the road, walked forward
by myself.
In spite of my antipathy to Macintyre.
• I confess there had been moments when
I could scarcely believe him capable of
the infamy of which Fielding had ac
cused him; but. when in the gathering
dusk I reached the gate in a high stone
wall which encircled the spacious gar
den, all my doubts vanished at tho sight
of the isolated house, the lighted win
dows of which were hardly Visible
through the thick foliage of the trees
that surrounded It on all sides. No cry
for help would be heard beyond the
walls. The victim once Inside that lone
ly building, and sword or bullet might
do its work and none be the wiser.
. My heart beat quickly as l passed
through the gate. Such a man as Mac
lntyre was not unlikely to clutch at any
means of getting rid of a dangerous
rival, and I knew well that I carried
my life in my hands. I thought I
might be refused admittance, but the
gate Stood wide open, and no one ap
peared or challenged me. But that
brought me- little comfort. It Is ever
an easy matter to enter a trap. It Is
when you seek to leave it that the dif
ficulties begin.
Still I went doggedly on, though, as I
.approached the house. I was confident
that I could hear a faint rustling In the
bushes to right and left, as though in
visible spies were stealthily dogging my
footsteps. Then a thing happened that
confirmed my worst suspicions. The door
suddenly opened and was swiftly shut
again, but not before I caught a glimpse
of two or three figures slipping hurriedly
Inside. hat could these things mean if
they did not Indicate treachery and foul
play"
I am not ashamed to say that my limbs
trembled and the cold sweat stood on my
forehead, as. after a moment's hesita
tion. 1 set my teeth, and, stepping quick
ly forward, knocked at the door. It was
NARROWEST BUILDING LOT IN THE WORLD
If you were to go to New York, and
were to be shown about the plan
a native, one of the wonders of the
city pointed out to you no doubt would
be the famous four-foot lot on which
a capitalist there has built him a resi
e. You would duly marvel at the
Sise of the city where such close quar
ters had beoome rairnsssi ji. You would
return to San Francisco and preach
sermons from such nnd such a text.
You would measure off the distance on
your table. You Would calculate the
length of your trunk, and Wonder what
possible use a human being could have
for such a narrow strip of land. And
ail the while you would very likely be
Ignorant of the fact that in San Fran
ciscn there are no less than twenty res
idence and business lots under four
feet in width, and that the narrow .-st
frontage in the world is on our own
Mission street.
San Francisco boßsts the narrowest
business or residence frontage in the
world. Away out on Mission street,
between Twenty-first and Twenty
eecond, is a lot owned by the German
Savings and Loan' Society. It has a
BY JAMES WORKMAN.
opened by a " man with a very evil
and Forbidding countenance and but one
eye. He was no other than Donald Fra
s=er, the detestable parasite of Andrew
Macintyre, against whom my good friend
Fielding had particularly warned me. It
might have been fancy, but it seemed to
me that his greenish gray eye sparkled
with a kind of malignant triumph at the
sight of me I think a spider might so
regard the fly that ventured innocently
among the meshes of bis web.
Yet he readily made way for me to en
ter, and went at my request to tell Kate
that I wished to speak to her. He was
gone some time, and I was sure that he
was informing Maclntyre of my presence
before carrying the message. to Kate. It
would have surprised me little had I been
refused speech with her; but presently I
could hear her fresh, girlish voice, high
and sweet and clear, singing "The White
Cockade.
I'll pell my rock. 111 sell my reel.
My rippling ku.me and spinning wheel.
To buy mysel a tartan plaid,
A broadsword, dirk, and whit* cockade.
Oh. he s a ranting roving blade!
Oh. he s a brisk and bonnlQ lad!
Betide what may. my heart Is glad
To »♦-»• my lad wl' his white cockade.
. She sang it defiantly as she came down
thf wide staircase, a flush on her brave
young face, her eyes shining with a kind
of passionate enthusiasm, the sweetest
maid, it seemed to me In all broad Eng
land, and to my mind, nt that moment
the foollshest. She seemed like a reck
less child playing with {ire. and I could
have snatched away the white oo^ade
she wore at her breast and crushed it
beneath my heel.
Yet as- she came nearer I was con
vinced that she was but playing a part
for more than once I noticed her glance
apprehensively about her. and I felt her
hand tremble as I clasped it in mine
Yet even at , that , moment, in a position
as I believed, of imminent peril, m"
heart leaped with Joy to perceive that
all trace of the coldness that had been
for some time between us had passed
Steed t a o n see h mV Bhe Was unfel *»^'.v re
"This is a pleasure I did not antici
pate, she said, in a formal voice, and
with a slight side glance at Fraser who
stood again leering beside the 'door.
Will you come this way. if you please"
She led the way upstairs, and I fol
owed her into a sitting room brilliantly
lighted with wax candles as though for
the reception of a distinguished guest
I closed the door behind me and was
about to speak to her. when she laid her
finger on her , lips, and, taking one of
■ the candles, looked beneath the table
and behind the couch and even opened
the door of an empty cupboard and
glanced hurriedly Insiae. She was very
pale, and the candle trembled in her
hand as she ■ returned it to Its place
Then she suddenly sank into a chair
covering her face with her hands and
broke Into stifled sobs. a
"Why Kate." said J. "this is not like
you. What is the matter?"
frontage of only one-thirtieth of an
inch, and is eighty feet deep. It faces
the east.
The ratcroseepte size of such a lot as
this can best be shown by comparison.
Let us suppose, for Instance, that your
two neighbors were to plant steel pil
lars, one upon each corner of the ad
jacent property, leaving a slit between
them the exact width of the lot. You
might readily set two of your calling
cards upright upon the land between;
but you could not make it three, with
out springing the pillars. You might
Insert a pfa between them, but there
would be no room for the head to pass
in. The blade of your pocket-knife
would ;.., bably be much too wide for
the aperture. With a piece of board
a foot square you would have lumber
sufficient for a fence three hundred and
sixty feet in height, were you to
up the (jan. There Is no possible way
by which a bank could be built upon
the property, for the thinnest coin we
have— the ten-cent piece— is too thick
by a third to enter edgewise the slit be
tween the pillars.
Almost any man could afford to own
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXFAIH' 10, 1898,
HE PARRIED THE VISCIOUS LUNGE I MADE AT HIM.
"Indeed, I— l scarce know, Frank," she
faltered, raising her pale face and smil
ing faintly through her tears. "it is
very and childish of me, but I— l
am fright* Andrew and his mother
are out, and all the servants havV been
sent away, and I have been alone in tho
house for hours, with no one to speak to
but the odious wretch, Donald Fraser
— — and I pot nervous and began to
think I could hear strange noises, -whis
perings at the door, and footsteps on
the stairs, until I was quite sure there
were strange til. 11 in th<* house. I
thought one might be in the cupboard
there, watching us and listening to all
we said. I think it must have been
fancy. If not, what can it all mean?"
"I fear there Is no doubt of what it
means, Kate," said I.. "and the time ha-=
come to speak plainly. I have learned
that to-night the, young Pretender.
Charles Stuart. Is coming here. I see
you have tricked yourself out in all
your finery, with the white cockade on
your breast to meet him. Oh, Kate, you
foolish . child, can't you see that this
vile man, this- glib, plausible, double
faced spy and traitor, Andrew Maein
tyre. Is using your pretty face and in
nocent enthusiasm to lure the unfortu
nate young Prince into ■ trap."
In spite of her white face and startled
eyes she did not exhibit the anger and
Incredulity I had expected. Was it pos
sible that she had already begun to dis
trust Maclntyre?
"Oh, Frank," she exclaimed despair
ingly, "surely this cannot bo true. I
have thought of late he was growing
lukewarm, that his zeal for the cause
had cooled, but he could not be capable
of such treachery as this— indeed he
could not. I cannot believe it."
Nevertheless. I could see that in her
heart she did believe it.
"The man is a spy." I said im
patiently. "I have It from a sure source
and there can be BO doubt about it
Moreover, there are men lurking in the
garden and about the house; I heard
them rustling among the bushes and saw
them slinking through the door. They
are here to seize the Prince, and we are
powerless to prevent them. No one will
believe in your Innocence If you are
present when the Prince la taken, and if
you do not wish your name to become
Infamous you must come away this
minute. I have a coach waiting arid will
take you to my aunt. Lady Chester I
will bribe Fraser to let us pass before
your cousin returns, or, if necessary
run him through the body and trust to
escape in the darkness."
She wrung her hands In agony
"Oh." she cried, "that I who would
give my life to save the Prince should
have been tricked by this base wretch
into betraying him! Oh, this man, this
man: i did not think such men liveu in
the world." ,; r '*
"Come, come," I said Impatiently "we
are wasting time and there Is noi
nient to !np% Your cousin may
any moment. We must go at on .
a lot of this size, even on Market
street, or on Broadway la X-\v York;
for you could pay at the rate of
per front foot and still purcha.sc the lot
for $10.
But this Mission-street lot is not the
only lilliputian in San Francisco, al
though the next narrowest lot has a
frontage thirty times as -wide. The next
narrowest real estate property in the
city has a frontage of one inch.- So
narrow is it that its owners abandoned
it away back in the .'oO's. As there
is no ay by which a man can get a
foothold on it,, so to speak, it stands
to-day, ownerless and forsaken. A
squatter would find it exceedingly dif
ficult to prove residence upon .1 plat of
ground only one inch in width. The
tract is 133 feet In length, and is lo
cated on the north side of Pacific
avenue, between Lyon and Baker
streets. "
On the south side of Oreen street,
between Dupnnt and Koarny. lies n lot
not enough wider than the Pacifie
avenuo property to make :i great <\^a\
of difference to Its owner, and yet it is
half again as wide. It is 82 feet long
Prince to bis I
'•without making one
to warn him? i do It.
■■■: Indeed, I do it. l should
myself ever after
ward. J must do what I can to
■ <nd I know you will h< In me,
• You will help me. Frank, will
■
-Now, what was I to do? As T have
said, l was no Jacobite. To Interfere in
the matter was against both my princi
ples and my Interest. If it became known
that I had
■ ivern
ment and ruin my career if I did
risk my neck. Bui yet— ah, well, what
heart could listen to the
■ wl.rn moved
by the b1« lit of that Innocent child's
■juiv. ring with pain and shame, and
gazing be
hingly into his. I may have been
vliai you will." but 1 could
not do it. God knows that, however fool
ish 1 may have thought her In the past,
I lov< rl Infinitely more, if that
for her fidelity to the un
it.- Prince in his hour of need
w well that it was a desperate busi
md like t- . for both of us.
.ir It ended.
we think of any plan that has th"
will do what I
p you, Kate," I answi
"but for my part I can see. no way but
and that is to intercept him I
he reaches the bouse. For God's sake
u"t out of this vile place. T:
.h< kee me. It reeks of treachery. «
■ur cloak, and
"Hurt," - :;. 1 suddenly.
the silence that fo heard
•-. a loud knock
and then the trampling of feet and the
sound of voices In the Hall. Kate sprang
• which commanded a partial
all, and, opening it cau
tiously. lo< I
"Is it the Prince?" I asked breathlessly
She turned and closed the door and
the wall white and trem
bling-.
"No," she faltered. # Ut Is Andrew
Macintyre with half a doz'-n strange men
rse, brutal-looking wretches with
Is and pistols. «>. Prank, what is
of you? He hates you H,>
• to-day. Me threatened what
he would do to volt if I did not jrive you
up. Fr.is. r will tell him you are here.
:• they may kill you. Hush! I
tl the stairs. Tie Is com
niust hide -somewhere—
in the cupboard— quick, get
upboardL"
"But Fraser will tell him I am here."
nstulated.
"Perhaps r.ot," she exclaimed, push
i her excltemi • i the
f the cupboard. "They
friondly as rlvy appear to he. Quick—
ding reluctantly to her entreaties,
i inp the door slight
r ro that I might see whai p
Then she sat down at a harpsichord, and
by 1> 2 inches in wi.lth. Dr. Bearles pay
Upon this piece Of property.
Out on Seventeenth street, on : thN
north side, between Dolores and
Guerrero, Isaac v. Dcnniston owns i
lot 1 foot 4% Inches in width. There Is
room on this lot for an oil well or i.
lumber yard.
1.. Altschul owns a lot 1 foot 11 Inches
wide on the north side of Pacific ave
nue, between Lyon and Baker. John
Center owns, a corner lot 2 feet by 290
feet in size, being the northwest cor
ner of Treat avenue and Sixteenth.
The city owns. the adjoining property.
Until Mr. Center erects his warehouses
upon this land it is an easy matter to
■ten entirely over his grain fields as
with 10-league'd strides, leaving no
bootmarks. There are two other lots
as narrow as 2 feet In width, one being
on Mission street, between Twentieth
and Twenty-first, and owned by E. F.
and T. L. Harvey, and one on Filbert,
between Mason and Powell, owned by
the Palace Bathing Company.
Of lots between 2 and 3 feet in width
tht»re are 3 in the city. One of them,
2 feet 2% Inches in width, is owned by
began to sing a rollicking Jacobite bal
lad, as gayly and gallantly as if the
Prince had been present with all the
clans around him.
I swear by the moon and stars so bright,
An.l sun that glances early.
If I had twenty-thousand lives,
I d Kle them a' for Charlie.
We'll o'er the water, we'll o'er the sea.
we'll o'er the water to Charlie;
Come weal, come woe, we'll gather and go,
And live or die wi' Charlie.
She was still singing when the. door
opened and Andrew Maeintyre came In.
I fully expected to see him followed by
his gang of hired ruffians, eager to cut
my throat, but he was alone, and, to
my astonishment, did not appear to sus
pect my presence. ■!•• was a. handsome
fallow, tall and well built, though I
never liked tho oast of his features, bis
thin, cruel lips anil cold blue eyes.
"Ah, Kate," -aid lie, and I fancied I
could detect a faint sneer in the tones
of his voice. "I thought I heard you
singing. Upon my soul, your voice
sends the blood dancing through my
veins. 'Tis more inspiriting than a bugle
call. If you would ride at the head of
the troops singing your battle songs,
with the white cockade on your breast,
the king would Boon enjoy his own again.
With your voice to lead him to victory,
who would not live or die with Charlie?"
His eyes dwelt on her with a look that
made me grind my teeth and grip the
hilt of my sword. I would have given
all I possessed to spring forward and
settle the matter with the cold steel,
but I knew that with a shout he could
bring his cutthroats upon me. and my
death would leave Kate defenseless in
his hands.
Kate was ever quick witted and ready
of speech, but the sure knowledge of hla
treachery, and the tragic situation in
which she was placed, seemed to freeze
the words on her lips. She bent her
white face over the harpsichord and I
paw her fingers trembling as they wan
dered over the keys. I think 'twas the
bitterest moment of my life. I could
neither get her away from the house nor
warn the Prince. I was not. I think, de
void of courage, and enjoyed some repu
tation as a swordsman, and yet I was
absolutely helpless, i could do nothing
that was not utterly reckless and fool
hardy, and stood there grinding my teeth
in impotent fury while this loathsome
spy and traitor made love to my be
trothed. .
Macintyre glanced at the clock.
"Some few minutes to the- hour at
which his royal highness promised to be
here," he continued in the same tone of
subdued mockery. "Let us have another
song. Kate. Let us have something to
stir the blood, something about the gath
ering of the clans and the fluttering of
the kilts; tile flash of the broadswords
and the skirl of the pipes. 'Twill raise
the Prince's spirit if he hears you. He
was dashed by the coldness with which
he was received at Lady Primrose's. We
must give him a heartier reception to
night."
I think from the malicious twinkle in
his eyes that he knew she suspected him.
and was playing with her as a cat with
a mouse. Her cheeks flushed and I
thought she was about to give an angry
reply: but, with an effort, she controlled
herself and began to play a spirited pr«
hide. But at that moment he held up his
hand.
"Hush" he said. "I hear voices at the
door. I think he must have arrived"
He turned away and stepped hurriedly
to the window. In a moment Kate was
on her feet, darted an appealing look at
me. pointed to him and rushed to the
door. I was in the room, sword in hand
before she reached it. But I was no
r. W. Smith, and fas Van New avenue
rty, bointc situated between Lor
n and Greenwich, on the east side
't the avenue: one of them, 2 feet 6
Inchea in width, is owned by D Bearlea
uaa is located on the south aide of
. between Dupont and Kearny
t 11 inches wide, rnni
ioutn from Church lane, opposite Do
- Htsslon, and is owned by II s
Korland. Any one of these lots would
t>- wide enough to bnry a man in
Two lots are exactly 3 feet wide
■ ° - 1 "' Bt liai was one of them
■;1 on the east side of Brooks
street between Geary and Market;
and the other is a lot owned by W. H
Brooks, betas the northeast corner of
Fieldir.gr and Stockton.
Loner years apo, before the ape of
steel construction, the southwest cor
ner of Lyon and Vallejo was owned by
parties whose names are unknown
Believing that their lot, in width a tri
fle over 3 feet, would never be of value,
they abandoned it. To-day it is a val
uable piece of property, although a
full foot less in width than the famous
New York narrow lot.
quicker than he. 1 saw the gleam of his
eyes and Bash of his Bword before I was
half way across the room. He parried
the savage lunge I made at him and
leaping aside with the agility of a eat
rushed utter Kate. Through the door
and alone the passage she went like a
deer, be close on her heel* and I close on
his. When she reached the stairs she
seemed to fly down them, and beyond her
I caught ■ of the Prince Step
ping Into the hall.
"(;•> back," she cried, "go back. You
are betray. -d. Go back."
But she was too late. Clang went the
heavy door, out from the adjoining
rooms sprang half a dozen men with
: swords, itinl there in the mid'lle
of the hall, SUITOU
with the sobbing girl at his
I like a rat in ;i trap, stood Prince
Chari
Whig as I was, T cannot describe the
sick reeling of pity and shame that
overwhelmed me at the Bight 'Twould
have been » fitting death for the hero
YOUNGEST ACROBAT IN AMERICA.
The youngest acrobat In the world is in San Francisco. His name Is
Philip Paulinetti, and his age a little less than 4 years. He is the son of
Peter Paulinetti, of Paulinetti and Piquo, the team of acrobats recently
at the Orpheum. With this fact in mind, it is not to be wondered at that
Philip is a trained athlete, for his father is one of the best in his line that
have ever appeared before an Orpheum audience- Some day Peter will
go the way of all athletes, and Philip bids fair to become a worthy suc
cessor.
When only 2 years of age, Philip could perform a surprising number
of tricks, in fact he could at that early age puzzle many of his elders in
the same line of business. He now performs with ease and grace "hand
stands," "plaunches." -"trapeze swings." "head balances," "hand bal
ances," and no end of tricks on the horizontal bars and r'ngs. One would
hardly suspect, at first glance, that Philip possessed the physical develop
ment beyond his years, fo*r he only looks the rosy, healthy youngster that
he is. nothing more.> But see him stripped and ready for work and he is
another sort of a "man." His muscular development is something won
derful for one so young. He is fond of showing what he can do and
takes particular delight in displaying his agility on the bars or in'doine
hand stands and balances. He has a muscular development or the arm,
unusual in a child of his age. Moreover, he is proud of it and when bid!
den will double up his tiny fists and harden his biceps with the pride of a
Sandow. One of his feats is to stand on his hands, with feet braced
fo S r ai q n une th a S^ Urne" f? #^£ SemblanCe °*
nlng^lrrnd^on^trs %£& ™ ggs *• J* **»'
One advantage which he has over other acrobats is that T? danseuse '
necessity, have to carry a lot of trappings aW with hi f doe f not « °
his "act." He wants no better horizontal bar on which to ln , order -to do
cane held in his father's hands. Around this he win *l, t Perfo / m than a
attempt many of the clever tricks that he^ see. hi! t IX / iSt dnd turn and
bring him rounds of applause in approval do, and that
of Prestonnans and Falkirk to die sword
In hand on the battlefield; but it was
heartbreaking to see him betrayed and
trapped by the scurvy crew of spies
and traitors. And still keener was ray
pity for the innocent child who was
sobbing at his feet, crushed with shame
that her devotion to his cause should .4
have been made the bait to lure him to 1
th He S ßt?«3 d perfectly still pale and with
flashing eyes, but without a trace of
"\Vell Mr. Macintyre," said he. "this
Is a strange welcome. May I beg you to
inform ml what I am to understand by
ÜBrouchtU Broucht face to face with the man he
had betrayed even Macintyre lost his
nerve7though he tried to brazen it out.
"You may understand—" he began,
and then his eyes fell and he looked
moodily at the floor. "I think the situa
tion explains itself." he said gloomily.
The Prince drew himself up and looked
at Macintyre with unutterable scorn and
"%*s& indeed," said he. "I have had
to do with spies and traitors before but
never with one who invited me to his
house as a guest in order to betray me.
But this time, thank God, you have
overestimated your cunning and my
simplicity. You fool, do you suppose
that I have walked blindfolded into your
?lumsv trap? Look around you.
Almost before I realized what had
taken place 1 saw Macintyre turn wn te
and heard the sword drop clattering
from his nerveless fingers, while his ac
complices glanced round about seeking
a way of escape. All eyes had been
fixed on the Prince, so that the men
who now stood sword in hand at every
door and at the head of every passage
had come upon us unheard and unseen.
At a glance I recognized the races 01
several well-known Jacobite gentlemen
both Englishmen and Highlanders, and
I saw at once that Macintyre had been
cleverly caught in his own trap, en
tangled in the very meshes of the web
he had spun to entrap the Prince.
These were the men who had lurked In
the garden, who had stealthily entered
the house, and the author of this plot
within a plot— Donald Fraser— who had
betrayed the betrayer, was now leering
triumphantly at Macintyre from his
post behind the door. Macintyre caught
a glimpse of his grinning face, and his
eyes gleamed with diabolical fury.
"You hound," he exclaimed, this is
your work."
"Yes." said the Prince coolly, "you for
get what most of your kind would do -■
well to remember, that it is as easy to set ;
a spy upon a spy as upon an honest man,
and much easier to tlnd those who will
betray him. I pretended to fall into your
trap in order to trap you, lest good
friends of mine should suffer in future
by your treachery. It would be but bare
justice to hang every man of you, but
your lives shall be spared for the present
if you instantly lay down your arms.
Take their weapons, gentlemen."
The conspirators were so thoroughly
cowed that they gave up their arms with
out a struggle. In the meantime Kate
had whispered a few words to the Prince,
and he beckoned me toward him.
"I find that I owe you a debt of grati
tude for your conduct this night," he
said graciously, "and I sincerely trust
that at some future time it may lie with
in my power to repay you."
Then he turned to Kate.
"As for such loyalty as yours, Miss
Gordon," he said, "a poor exile has no
fitting reward. Nay v I think the only re
ward I can give you is to release you
from further service to a race so unfor
tunate as mine. Pardon me."
He took the white cockade from her
breast and handed It to me.
"See." he continued, "I give it into the
keeping of your future husband, and I
pray that you will not wear it again un
less he himself pins it upon your breast.
My errand here is accomplished, and to
night I leave London. Sloth and avarice
have eaten away the loyalty of those
who should have nocked to my standard.
They wish to save their estates and will
not thrust their own heads into danger,
though they would be willing enough
that the poor Highland lads should leave
their bones on another Culloden moor.
But I will have no more useless blood
shed, please God, and so sail for France
till better times. Farewell."
Kate could not speak for the sobs that
choked her, and I— well. I feel no shame
at the confession— knelt and kissed his
hand with tears in my eyes. 'Twas the
last we ever saw of Prince Charlie, the
bravest and most unfortunate of all the
Stuarts.
Toward Macintyre and his accomplices •
he behaved with his usual clemency.
They were released when it was too late
for them to Interfere with his departure.
•I have still the white -cockade Kate
wore on her breast that night, but I
think even she has lost all desire to
wear it again; for if what we hear of [
the once gallant Prince be true, his best ;
friends might wish that he had died at S
the head of his brave Highlanders on '0
Culloden moor.HOW 500 WERE
CAPTURED AND
BEHEADED.
IN the skirmish which took place
last month between the Germans
and Chinese at Kiaochau the dis
3 patches state that among: the kill
_£_ ed was a scarred Chinese who sub
sequently turned out to be a for
mer pirate chief, one of the lead
ers of the terrible band that* was wiped
out by the British in l>>f>o. He was
known as Lun Tai. Although he was
most notorious and has had a price set
on his head for years he managed to
elude the European coast guards until
his accidental death in the recent skir
mish that ended in the German marines
seizing the important post.
Captain George E. Jackson, who
served in the campaign that wiped out
the last famous stronghold of the pi
rates, remembers Lun Tai well and the
prominent figure he cut In the Inces
sant assaults on English commerce in
the China seas. It was one of Lun
Tai's bold raids that led to a combina
tion the English war vessels
and the Chinese regular soldiers for a
i action against the murderous
pirates. Efforts were made at the
•o capture Lun Tai, for he was
known to be the head, front and brains
of the most tricky, most daring and
most heartless gang of pirates that
bs merchants along
the Chinese main. After the famous
engagement of the pirates' stronghold
the dead were all carefully examined,
but Lun Tai, the fox, was not among
Months afterward it transpired
that Just before the trap was sprung
that penned the pirates within the
small bay before their mud forts Lun
Tai had received warning from som<> of
the very Chinese that the British had
sent forward as snies.
Of that three days' stubborn fight
with the cornered pirates, of their d^s
struggles to escape when
hummed in and of the execution of
about 400 survivors afterward by the
Chinese authorities, Captain Jackson
tells as follows:
"Lun Tai was the cleverest and blg
: are-devil among that punk-smell
ing, gong-beating crew of heathen
devils. They killed and plundered from
sheer delight in such work. Many's the
crew they smothered bet
decks with their pestilential stinkpots,
iany*s the poor fellow that has
saved himself a worse death by simply
jumping 1 overboard to drown. Jim Moss
did that, but he came out all right, if
he wag nearly dead for a time, and it
was his <-scape, I guess, that led to the
ttack on Lun Tai and his fiends,
rstand that all of them that
led up were directly under
Tai. There were some 1500
last stand in their junks and
ti ir mud forts.
ne of a lot of Independ
ent freebooters th;:t we cornered there,
but he was the one ■•■<■ were most anx
ious to l.ury under the ruins of tin ir
nd junks.
. ilif' daily papers
n and the
Bharp air of this season of th
•
up all
tlon. v.
the ne itches
and •  . ... ,. ;i ij
hunted for him in that fight, 1 wdn
if That old f ■ ■ i) kill.'d
hamming.
■ c ['d ac
■
ation that he
that last flghl with the pi
■ have bi then. They
th to J^in the ■
c to 1
the Black [f he
did tl tight sight
of him in Tonquln.
about this way: IJ. M.
on which I was an officer,
: Mp ;'t
WTchoul any loss of life
■ ■
i unks
': • nuance of
of darkness
and r eh sailir
i ■ tured oui
lid ewoop down and ioot
them.
"As we were p fl jd a big bounty for
pvery Junk captured, money and cham
LAST STAND OF 1500 DESPERATE CHINESE PIRATES
pagne were more plentiful than hard
tack. According to my log book it was
on April 2.*, just after we had finished
dinner and were singing 'Easy, My
Man, Easy.' that a chines.' fishing
boat slid alongside of us. The crew
save us to understand that they had
a 'while devil' very sick on board.
We lowered the ropes. The sick man
appeared at first Bight to be dead, h
waa only after the Bhip Burgeon had
worked over him for hours that he
could tell us the Btrange circumstances
that had thrown him into the hands of
the Chinese fishermen.
"Emaciated and changed through his
sufferings we hardly recognized him
as a Mr. Moss, who but a few days be
fore had left Hongkong in a brig load
ed with valuahl-- m< rchandise, bound
"SHOOT THAT FELLOW IN THE MASTHEAD!" ORDERED THE CAPTAIN. THEN WE ALL JUMPED FOR THE JUNK-
for Japan. The brig was manned with
sixteen as good sailors as ever climbed
the ropes, and we knew that it was a
case <>f 'pirates.'
"The cunning devils, as usual, had
waited until the brig waa well out of
Hongkong and Just off Ninepin Rocks.
On the mastheads of the Junks the pi
rates had stationed men with baskets
filled with stinkpots, a chemical com
position of suffocating properties
which they put into bags, light with a
fuse and throw on the decks of th<
sels they are attacking. The chemical
gases that arise kill any one who in
hales them.
"< )ne by one the sailors fell as the
pirates rained the stinkpots on th>
deck of the brig. Moss, the supercargo,
was the only one who had not f
He seemed to be protected by ume
special providence. With a last look
at his dead companions, he leaped Into
the water, preferring death in that
way. In an instant the pirates saw
him. Yelling with rage, they thn-w
their spears at him. Just then a v.
hove in sight, and without waiting to
loot the brig the pirates hoisted sail
and disappeared as suddenly as they
had come.
'Moss was a strong swimmer, and
though he was badly wounded, by
■ human efforts he managed to
make th<=> seven miles to Ninepin Rocks.
Near there he was picked up by the
Chinese fisherman. He fell uncon
scious as soon as they laid hands on
him.
'When Mosb told his story our com- i
mander, with a mighty thump on the !
said: 'This kind of work by
those devils must stop right here. !
We've j-'"t to dear this part of the seas
of them:' And without more ado he
ed up the officers and beeran out- '
lining plans for a vigorous campaign
-t the sea, v bberm,
rlj next morning we set off to
hunt up thp brig and her sixteen dead
sailors. The brutality about it all had
irmarks of Lun Tai'p work. We
came upon her toward noon. What a
fearful sight it was! I wish I could
blot it out forever. The blood-stnin.-d
decks and the sailors lying in heaps or I
side by side.
"Well, we took the brig back to port
and- burled the boys with prayers that
straight from the heart. We
pretty well cut up from Hence j
been through, T>m standing by
their graves we'd made up our minds
to sal] Op to Pirates' Hay and wipe
every one of the miserable rases Is from
O< th<- eai Ih.
ir Pearl, was of too heavy
draught to us.- againsi the pirates'
junks, which i Into very
shallow water, but lying alongaid
us In the harbor were three gunb
the Firm, the Haughty and
We held another discussion
and <';ipt;>in John Bortaiae asked the
men whether they would go up in the i
thi"" gunboats and fight 'until there
v. -isn't ■ pig-tailed pirate !.-ft.' fou
should have heard th" 'Ay, aye, sir!" ;
It woke half of Hongkong up. That
was the last "aye, aye' Of some of the
poor fellows.
"The Pearl, commanding the squad
ron, with the three gunboats
sailed up I •■ . Th%re Captain
Borlalse saw the mayor, Taa Tai, who
assured him that he was as anxious ;us
•ne were to Bee the pirates exterminat
ed, but ' what can I do?' he said. 'I
have no boats. That pig Lun Tai j
laughs at me. But I tell you. You fur- i
THE SAX FRANCISCO C ALT,, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, IS9B.
nish the boats and I will furnish the
men on land, and you must promise to
catch Lun Tai alive fnr me so 1 can
chop off his head and hang it on the
wall.'
"So he stnt out his spies, who re
turned with a description of the pi
rates' stronghold, which was twenty
five miles to the northwest of Bwatow.
it consisted of several fortifications,
mud forts, and breastworks, armed
with odds and ods of cannon, bought,
stolen and looted.
"Tas Tai, according to his promise.
placed a large force of Chinese regu
lars in the pass of the hills back of the
pirates' stronghold, so that those at
tempting to escape that way could be
captured.
"I know now that one of these spies
sent out by Tas Tai warned that okd
fox, Lun Tai. of the trap we wer.> pre
paring for him. But
th*-n. and \v< s*-t about drawing tl
so as to capture every one of those
pirates. The ton en on the
boats numbered about 500 m-n all told.
"The bour the land forces set out to
blockade the hills back of the ;
nest we sailed up the coast to blockade
the entrance of the bay and k
the junks.
The sun was just rising as we ap
proached the buy. six miles to the
southeast the Pearl bad to remain at
anchor, the water was so shalk.-w.
"The pirates wcm ready f.., .
thirty junks of all sizes flying innu
merable nags set up a deafening
ing of gongs. They clanged them at
THE FIVE HUNDRED PIRATES WERE ALL LED OUT ON THE PLAIN AND BEHEADED.
a tremendous rate, for this it waa be
lieved would insure them success.
"We were prepared for their first
assault with the deadly stinkpots. A
pirate at the junk's masthead lifted
one, but before II could be thrown we
at them with a stream of boiling
water. Again and again they attempt
hurl them, always to be met by
the hot water which put out the fuse
and mad" the stinkpot harmless. At
;. they saw the fruitlessness of
it. and, yelling and cursing like de
mons, they poured a savage fire on us
from the earthworks on shore and
showered tn<* sringals from the junks.
We got at them hot and heavy, and for
a time it was give and take, hot work,
too, for th^-y fnr outnumbered us and
fought like madmen. All day long the
contest raged, but our superior arms
at hist began to tell. At nightfall we
I'.ith r.-st>-<l and reorganized. They
were fierce and res. | we knew
it wag going to be a light to the finish
lay with no quarter. They threw
thousand of gay-colored scraps of pa
;•• r into i 1i 1 a rite *-yen more sa
cred than the ringing of the gonf
show the Bplrii that animated
them.
'At br.-ak of day we wore at it again.
FT"w the rascals fought! They hurled
their spears and gurgals with the
strength of demons. v>'V a time it
! a bit ticklish for us. They
bt so stubbornly I began to think
would'nt quit till every man Jack
of them was cut to i - Twice men
standing n^xt to me f>-l! wounded.
Once I heard some one say "My God!'
and I saw the man back of me trying
awkwardly to pull the trigger of his
gun. and for the first tirr.e he noticed
that three of his fingers were shot
away.
"\re realized that defeat meant some
horrible death, and we fought desper
ately to escape it.
"According to my log book we finally
drove those pirates who escaped from
the disabled junks onto the shore. We
lost ten men and several more were
mortally wounded. As near as we could
make out not more than 500 pirates
ever reached the shore.
"On the third morning, under cover
of constant firing from the gunboats,
we lowered launches armed with ma
rines and made for the shore on the
right, thus flanking the pirates, who
expecting us to land in front
where they had strewn 'crowsfeet' for
our hem-lit. These 'crowsfeet' consist
of six pointed highly seasoned pieces of
bamb >o, sharper than a needle's point,
capable of penetrating the toughest
leather arid inflicting torturous wounds
on th»> feet. Had w« not escaped this
trap the day would undoubtedly have
gone against us.
• We were now about evenly matched
in numbers, and the pirates were still
as determined to win as we were, but
their smail swords and iron headed
spears were their only weapons.
"It was now a hand to hand fight.
The pirates called into play every cun
ning trick at their command. I jumped
over a seemingly dead pirate only to
reel -with a sharp thrust from his spear
in my side. Undoubtedly he would
have killed me before I could have
turned, for I never suspected the trick,
but a marine several paces behind us
saw his act and bayoneted the wily
fellow before he could jab me again.
"When neither cunning tricks nor the
absolute disregard of death could keep
them they began to give way in
bunches and, well nigh exhausted our
selves, we drove them from their stock
ade and up the hills. That was shov
ing them out of the frying pan into the
fire, for on the brow of the hill the Chi
nese regulars were drawn up waiting
for them.
"But our own •work was not over. Our
wounded had to be carried to the gun
boats and then every vestige of the
stronghold of the pirates had to be de
stroyed. In razing their fortifications
our first lieutenant set fire to a house.
He did not know gunpowder was stored
in it. He was blown clear over seve
ral houses. He landed in a pond of
water and except for a bad burning es
caped all right. We took all the flags
and gongs in sight and then sank all
the junks.
"A big reward had been offered for
Lun Tai, dead or alive, but as I said
before, we did not catch him. When
we boarded our own vessels we had
hopes that the Chinese regulars would
capture him. Under orders of their
major they- were specially anxious to
catch the cunning villain.
"We got back to the harbor of Swa
tow in time to see the captured pirate?
marched in, all dragging heavy chains;
they were battered, ragged and covered
with blood, they looked the fighting
devils they were.
"Tas Tai, the Mayor, summoned all
the inhabitants of his district on the
plain before the town and all the cap
tured pirates, about 450. were beheaded
as a warning to all sea robbers.
"I never expect to see such a scene
again.
"Men chosen for the purpose gath
ered up the severed heads of the pi
rates, and placed them at equal dis
tances around the walls of Swatow,
where they hung for three days. It
was horrible, but from that time pi
rates ceased their depredations in that
locality.
"Tas Tai ought to have been satisfied,
but he was not. After looking at the
long rows of heads upon the walls he
declared that he would rather have
L:in Tai's head than all the others put
together. He was fearful that that
scheming marauder would raid Swa
tow and take a terrible vengeance, and
he begged our officers to give him the
protection of the gunboats for some
weeks. But Lun Tai kept away.
I guess the quick and clean
work we made of that pirate strong
hold was a wholesome lesson to him,
as it certainly was to the migratory
pirates who before that used to period
ically raid that region. We never saw
his ugly face again anywhere near
Hongkong, and T guess the rumor was
true that he and his junk full of dare
devils drifted Tonquinward in search
of booty.
"Tf the Germans nailed him by acci
dent or otherwise in Kiaochau they
hr.ye done a work that every merchant
on tho coast of China wanted to see
dune many years ago."
GREAT LONDON FIRES.
Ever since the "Great Fire" of 1666
London has been the scene of many
terrible conflagrations, and It is not
going too far to state that it is owing
to her well-equipped and efficient fire
brigade, with its sixty-one stations
spread over the Metropolitan area, that
she has not been visited with a similar
catastrophe. That historic fire de
stroyed some eighty-eight churches
and 13.200 houses, burning old St.
Paul's, the Royal Exchange, the custom
house, and other notable buildings.
A glance from that period down
ward till the last great fire which has
Just occurred in the neighborhood of
Aldersgate street, many memorable
HOW LUN TAI,
THE WILY ONE,
ESCAPED,
outbreaks are recorded. The great
Tooley street fire probably stands pre
eminent. It broke out at Cotton's
Wharf on June 22, IS6I, and continued
burning for a month. Mr. Braidwood,
the then chief of the Metropolitan Fire
Brigade, was killed by some falling
debris, and some other twenty persons
lost their lives. The damage was es
timated at more than £2,000,000.
On New Year's Day, 186$, another
riverside fire broke out at St. Kathar
ine's docks. This was not got under
control without much difficulty, though,
fortunately, no lives were lost. Her
Majesty's Theater was burned on De
cember 6, 1867, and the Oxford Music
Hall suffered the same fate some two
months later.
The year 1882 has been described as
"the year of fires." During this period
the flre brigade had their hands full,
and they had to tackle no fewer than
seven conflagrations which threatened
to be of a serious nature. The Wood
street fire which broke out on Decem
ber 18 was probably the biggest of all.
It burned for torty-eight hours, in
which time property to the value of
more than two million pounds sterling
was destroyed. Whiteley's in West
bourne Grove was the scene of two
fires, one occurring on November 17,
involving a destruction of £100,000
worth of property, and the other,
which broke out on Boxing Day, also
did great havoc. Two theaters were
destroyed in this year, the Philhar
monic Theater at Islington in Septem
ber, and the Alhambra Theater on De
cember 11, at which latter three per
sons lost their lives. On the 17th of
the same month St. John's Church,
Forest Hill, was totally destroyed.
Others could be mentioned, but the
foregoing show what the fire brigade
had to face in that "year of fires."
The next great outbreak was the
famous Paternoster Row fire, which oc
curred on April 2, 1884. The fire spread
with great rapidity, and those who wit
nessed it will remember how the dome
of St. Paul's was brilliantly illumin
ated. More than a dozen warehouses
were destroyed, including the extensive
premises of Faudel and Phillip, Wil
liams, and Smith Brothers.
A fire which occurred in the early
morning of April 24. 1885. at 194 Union
street, Borough, and known as the
"'Borough fire," is rendered memorable
through the heroic conduct of a serv
ant girl. This brave young woman
saved the lives of her master's three
children, but was dreadfully burned
in doing so. She died three days later.
She was literally besieged with letter
and telegrams of inquiry and condol
ence from all parts of the United
Kingdom, one coming from the Queen
and another from the Princess of
Wales. It is believed she received more
than 3000 such letters.
Three memorable outbreaks occurred
in 1889; the Milton street fire, on May 6,
doing damage to the extent of £250,
000; the Charterhouse Square fire; and
the Forest Gate Industrial School sad
catastrophe, at which twenty lads lost
their lives.
The Queen Victoria street fire, which
broke out on December 30. 1890, differed
from all those that preceded it. The
weather was of Arctic severity, and
the firemen became incased from hel
mets to boots in coats of glass-like
mail, the sprays from the nozzles
quick' y turning to ice. Captain Shaw
looked like a veritable Santa Claus go
ing about with thousands of icicles
clinging to his hair and beard. Next
morning the ruins presented a most
picturesque appearance, being coated
with millions of icicles. Following
close on this fire was the St. Mary
Axe outbreak of July, 1893. when dam
age was done to the extent of a quar
ter of a million sterling.
Nickel is a modern metal. It was not
in use nor known of till 1715. It has
now largely taken the place of silver
in plated ware, and as an alloy with
steel it is superior to any other metal,
for it is r.ot only non-corrodible itself.
but it transfers the same quality to
steel; even when combined as low as 5
per cent it prevents oxidation.
2122
NEW BOOKS
AN AMERICAN POET.
THE POEMS AND PROSE SKETCHES
JAMES WHITCOMB ill LEV—Vol
ume I. Neighborly Poems and Dialect
Sketches. Bcrlbners. New York.
t*m t MERICAX readers need no lntro
f I ductlon to James Whltcomb Rlley,
f I recognized on both sides of the At
y^ I iantic as the foremost writer of
X that dialect verse which in the
United States embodies the hu
mor, pathos and tragedy of rural Hfe.
In the final article of the volume
before us the author, in strong, terse
English, vindicates the new school of
literature and insists on the necessity
for a reverent, scholarly treatment of
dialect. But the best vindication is to be
found in his own poems, which appeal to
universal humanity while expressing the
yearnings of those suns of the evil who
cry with him—
I want plane facts and I want plane
words,
Of the good • M-fashlor-ed ways.
When speech runs free as the songs of
birds
Way back in the early days.
In those early days speech must have
been not only as free but as musical as
bird song, if we are to Judge by Mr. Ri
ley, who sings like another Burns the
poetry and grace of farm life. Could
anything be nrnre enticing than the pic
ture brought before us in '"Wortermelon
Time"? Has the glory of the field ever
been sung more sweetly than in "The
Clover"—
And T pray to Him still for the strength
when I die.
To go out in the clover and tell It good
by.
And lovingly nestle my face in its bloom
"While my soul slips away on a breath of
perfume.
Or, again, ha? the pens* of loss ever
been more :'■;:■:• r'' - expressed than in the
dirge for "Little Haly"—
"There's sorrow in the wavin' leaves of
all the apple t-
And sorrow in the harvest sheaves, and
sorrow in the br<
And sorrow in the twitter of the swal
lers 'round the shed :
And all the song hrr redblrd sings Is
'Little Haly's dead.' "
But Mr. Riley's humor lies very close
to his pathos; he has a fellow-feeling for
the fiddler whose "playln's only mld
dlin'," but who loves his instrument with
the passion of a born artist, for
From her strings across her middle to
the screechin' keys above —
From her "apern." over "bridge," and to
the ribbon round her throat.
She's a wooin*, cooin' pigeon, singing
"Love me," ev'ry note.
And there is a sly touch worthy of old
Lafontalne in the parable of the Tree
Toad, who has been "hollerin' " all day
for rain:
But I fetched her— O I fetched her
Cause a little while ago.
As I kind o' set.
With one eye .shet.
And a singin' soft and low,
A voice drapped down on my fevered
brain.
A-sayin*. "Ef you'll Jest hush I'll rain."
Perhaps Mr. Riley's refined mastery of
dialect Is most fully shown in his prose,
and the one sketch in this volume, "An
Old Settler's Story," is, in its way, an
admirable piece of literary workman
ship. Led on by unaffected style, homely
language and illustrative detail, the
reader unexpectedly lives through a vil
lage tragedy, while the accompanying
undercurrent of unsatisfied romance is
Indicated in a few subtle touches. In this,
the first complete edition of the author's
works, Messrs. Scribner will include, the
contents of the two volumes formerly
published under the titles of "An Old
Sweetheart of Mine" and "Old-fashioned
Roses." The present volume opens v.iih
a quaintly graceful salutation to Benja
min F. Johnson, the "Hoosier author,"
in whose personality Mr. Rlley at first
merged his own. A life-like portrait
also deserves mention.
POETRY WORTH READING.
THE CHILDREN OF THE NIGHT— By
Edwin Arlington Koblnson. Boston:
Richard G. Badger & Co. Price $1 20.
Mr. Robinson's poetry is far superior
to much that is foisted upon the public
to-day. His verse is not the whining of a
sickly poetaster, neither is it so full of
egoism as to be merely a rhymed record
of his own moods, a word picture of an
unpleasing personality. The trouble with
the majority of our minor poets is that
they chirrup about themselves and their
little sorrows instead of singing about
God's sunshine, the world nnd the joy?
and griefs of their fellows. Mr. Robinson
appears to be an exception to this rule,
as his verse is decidedly healthy, and,
except in a few places, metrical and
even. The sonnets are particularly good
pieces of workmanship, and the thought
contained in them is on a far higher
plane than that of the average I
writer. One of the best of these is worth
reprinting:
Oh for a poet— for a beacon bright
To rift this changeless glimmer of
dead gray;
To spirit back the muses, long astray,
And flush Parnassus with a newer light;
To put these little sonnet men to flight
Who fashion, In a shrewd, mechanic
way,
Songs without soul?, that flicker for a
day,
To vanish in irrevocable night.
What does it mean, this barren age of
ours?
Here art- the men, the women and the
flowers.
The seasons, and the sunsets, as be
fore.
What does it mean? Shall not one bard
arise
To wrench one banner from the western
skies.
And mark it with his name for ever
more?
. LIFE ON THE ROAD.
; TALES OF THE REAL GIPSY— By Paul
Kester. New York: Doubleday & Mc-
Clure Company. For sale by Payot,
ITpham & Co. .!-.'•_
These tales of the road and open coun
try, of the van, tent and eampfire. strike
an entirely new note in literature. The
wild, free gypsy life as it really exists
among the 5.000,000 or more of those Ish
maelites now wandering over the face
of the globe, their picturesque, open-air
independence, their Isolated, unchanging
government and language, their romance,
deceit, loyalty, pride and intensity of
feeling are depicted by or.c who has
studied them closely while temporarily
traveling and living with them. The
•I
JOMES WHITCOMB RILEY.
stories are dramatic and vivid and per
vaded throughout by an "out-of-doors"
quality that is as healthful and Invigor
ating as it is unique.
MARK TWAIN'S LATEST.
FOLLOWING Tin: EQUATOR— By Mark
Twain. Hartford Conn.: The American
Company. John J. NV-whegin, agent for
the Pacific Coast. Price, doth-, $4.
That wit, like pood wine, improves with
ape, is made dearfy manifest by Mark
Twain's latest story, "Following the
Equator." The humor in this new vol
ume is, if anything:, even k- ener than
that which appeared in this popular
writer's books when he was a quarter
of a century younger. The writer's style
Is also decidedly more even.
Mark Twain is as much an American
institution as the cin -us and the peanut
vender. Two generations have laughed
with him, and others will continue to do
so as long as the English language is
spoken. His humor is spontaneous and
<lean; its quality, like that of mercy, is
never strained.
To those who cannot afford the luxury
of traveling nround the globe, this book
can safely be recommended as a substi
tute. Moreover, by taking this route, the
globe-trotter will see all the sights and
will not have to put up with' the insults
of overbearing custom-house officials.
The i.n sent work consists of over 700
pag< i and is profusely illustrated by such
well-known artists as Frost, Dan Beard,
T. Fogarty and F. K. Seinur.
ANOTHER GLOBE-TROTTER.
ISLANDS OF THE SOUTHERN SEAS—
j'.y Michael Myers Shoemaker, v. p.
Putnam's Sons, New York.
It seems a pity that Mr. Shoemaker
should have taken the trouble to write,
and Messrs. Putnam to publish, this
elaborately got up volume. In all that
concerns the printer and binder the book
is nn admirable specimen of its class,
find numerous finely executed illustra
tions are scattered through Its pages.
The only trouble is that the globe-trot
ting business has been overdone; every
body nowadays has traveled, and every
1 nii r"».v.> -C l\i\-I> v. m.(S\jxji I^JUJJJj l xjj.\- a , CJ -£X-L1 UJIIVI XXJ J-Oi/O.
I other person has Inflicted on ft long-suf- !
i ferine public an account of their voyag
j Ing. There Is no room for mediocrity in
| thM direction, and It is only nuch men as
Murk Twain who may be allowed to write
; of the ordinary tourist routes with im
punity.
The author takes us acroM the Pacific.
t" Honolulu, thence to BaoMMtandao on to
New Zealand. Australia 1 and Java. Though j
his style in pleasant MiOttCU, and hie In- ]
formation fairly cornet, there is noth- 1
Ins; new in it all, and the element of per-
sonal adventure being lacking. th« book
is tame reading. Any cyclopedia or geo
graphical handbook will furnish much
more concisely and accurately the infor
mation Mr. Shoemaker gives after a cur-
sory survey of a country. He spent, for
instance, exactly two hours in Hamoa,
and yet he gives us a chapter on this
most interesting group. The frontispiece
is a finely engraved picture of Steven
son's tomb.
HISTORY IN POPULAR FORM.
THE STORY OF MARIE-ANTOINETTE
—By Anna L. Bicknell. New York: The
Century Company. Price $3.
Miss BtckneU's "Life in the Tullerles
Under the Second Empire" marked her
out hs a writer capable of retelling in
popular form the pathf-tic story of M.iri<-
Antoinette, one of the most unfortunate
characters In history. The daughter of
ih<' Kmporor of Austria, wedded at 15 to
the Dauphin. Qucon of France in her
nineteenth year— if ever career opened
.uspiciously it -was that of this beautiful
woman. Yet history records no sadder
or more tragic fate than that which lay
in store for her. The happiness ot the
early years of her reljrn Rave way to mis
ery, humiliation and physical Buffering,
followed by violent death. The lights and
shadows of thin unhappy life are vividly
brought out in Mis.s Bicknell's fluent nar
rative, and one lays down the book with
the feeling that he hns been an eye
witness of the gayeties and griefs of the
;ourt of Iy.uiis XVI.
It is a happy circumstance that Mme.
I.' bran flourished contemporane
ously with Marie-Antoinette, for h.r
charming portraits of the Queen and
other members of the court circle add
greatly to the embellishment of a vol
ume which, even without them, would be
one of the handsomest of the year.
TWO NEW PAPER COVERS.
THE FREEDOM <>F HENRY MEKE-
I'YTll Bj M Hamilton. "MISS
PROVIDENCE," by I'.-mthea Girard.
New Y.rk: I.1 '. Applet on A Co. For
sal'- by l 'ox.-y. Price B0 cents each.
The first of tl I Is tho old. old
story of a woman d< r admira
tion. "At one time she got plenty of it.
She saw it slipping away from h>T, and
as meu receded she advanced, till she
went too far." The Immediate conse
quences of that fatal step was !•. divorce
and all that it implies in England, when
the plot t.f the story is laid. Several inci
dents of secondary Importance are work
ed out t-) a satisfactory conclusion, and
tory is entertainingly written.
"Miss Providence" Is a romance of a
vi-ry popular order, wherein a man's
i youthful lapses turn evidence against
him as he is about to be married, and
tr< iiMe with his fiancee, The story
. s from England to Australia, and
(ns the usual amount of ny
making and match making and ends with
, the reconciliation of the to
SOCIALISM CRITICIZED.
INDUSTRIAL FREEDOM— By David
KlacGregor Means. New York: I>. Ap
pletoo iV Co. For sale by Doxey. Price
$l ».
It is the aim of the author In this essay
t" shew that no good can come of the
numerous socialistic schemes for improv
ine the present condition of the poor. He
considers the existing method of distrih
| uting the products of human activity by
moans of the wages system, and seeks to
demonstrate that it tends to establish
•working people in a state of Independence
rather than subjection; to promote "in
dustrial freedom" and not to produce "in
dustrial slavery." lie shows how inti
mately the welfare of workmen is con
nected with that of their employers, and
how the attempts to diminish the wealth
of corporations may diminish the fund
of capital out of which the wages of
workmen are paid. Change may be
brought about by compulsory measures,
but such methods are seldom beneficial
or lasting and hence the failure of social
ism.
FOR SOCIETY'S SERVICE.
OI'R SOCIETY BLT T E BOOK. Charles G.
Hoafc Ban Frai;< ■:>•
This is the tenth yearly edition of this
Mil handbook of information
aboni San Francisco and the people who
live in it. An alphabetically arranged list
>.f all the people who are anybody (that
Is, from a social point <>f view, worth
knowing*) is given, together with their
• lays of reception, etc. Then
is ■ mi. ft directory, list of dub
members, permanent hotel resident?;,
members of the press, and much other in
formation of value. The book is clearly
printed and handsomely bound, and Is
issued at the price of $5.
BOOKS FOR JUVENILES.
WASHINGTON'S YOUNG AIDS— By Ev
erett T. Tomlinson. "THE BEACH
I'ATROL"- By William Drysdale. Bos
ton: W. A. Wilde & Co. Price $1 50
each.
The first of these two volumes is the
third in the "War of the Revolution"
. of which the others wore "Three
Colonial Boys" and "Three Young Con
tinentals." In it Dr. Tomlinson drawl i
graphic and stirring pen picture of the
actual conditions which existed during
the early part of tho revolution, includ
j ing accounts of life on the prison ships
1 and in the prison houses of New York,
j the tempting of the Hessians and the
i end of Pafan and his band. Such a story
1 canuot fuil to appeal to a large number
of young Americans, as It will both inter
est and instruct them in matters not usu
ally dealt with in school histories.
Th<* second volume is the third of the
'•Brain and Brawn " series, the preceding
ones being "The Young Reporter" and
"The Fast Mail." A young lad gets a po
sition in the life-saving service, en
counters numerous dangers and exciting
adventures and is finally well rewarded
for his bravery and integrity.
Both books are substantially bound and
contain numerous striking illustrations.
SERMON STORIES— By the Rev. L. A.
Banks. New York: Funk & Wagnall*
Company. Price $1.
In his "Sermon Stories for Boys and
Girls" the author has mastered the prob
lem of presenting great truths to chil
dren in a pleasant and at the same time
impressive manner. Strong character
lessons are interwoven with captivating
stories, and the little ones are trained
While being amused. Simple sketches of
animal life, features of nature and events
of daily occurrence convey helpful mes
sages. The work is a cnaracter guide
book which should of assistance to
mothers, teachers and pastors.
HARPER'S ROUND TABLE FOR 1597-
For sale by a. M. Robertson.
Fortunate Indeed will be the youngster
Into whose hands falls the bound volume
of Harper's Round Table for 1897. The
book contains enough fiction to keep him
busy during the greater part of 1898. In
glancing over the contents one notices
that the majority of the stories are not
only amusing but also instructive, and
that they are selected with the idea of
strengthening in the hearts of the young
readers a love of country, healthy out-of
door sports, mechanical invention and
travel. The contents are most varied.
There are stories about our own war of
the rebellion and about the war in Cuba;
stories of adventure with Indians, sav
ages and wild beasts, battles by land and
by sea and stories about every country
on the face of the globe. Among the
, contributors one fees the names of nearly
all those who occupy prominent positions
in literary circles to-day, and the Jllus
os are the work of the most com
petent artists in their line.
TRIE TO HIS HOME— By Hezekiah
Butterworth. New York: P. Appleton
A Co. Price SI 50. _ , ,
SIX TOAD? WON— By S. K. Crockett.
New rork: Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany. Price Ji SO.
Tho first of tbeac tales is the seventh
volume of the "Creator* of Liberty"
srri.-s of honks of historical fiction, baaed
for the most r-'irt on real events— the
purpose l-inpr to acquaint young readers
with the biographies of pnut men in an
•ainiiiK manner. The present work
is devoted to Benjamin Franklin, and his
PROM THE ORIGINAL MANUSCRIPT.
COURTESY CHARLES SCRIBNER S SONS.
life Is graphical' y described from Its !
commencement to its close. In the text
will be found the recital of how he sur
mounted every obstacle in his path ami.
although of humble origin, became one
of the greatest m-n of the age. The nar
rative also Includes the most interesting
and picturesque episodes in Franklin's
home life and is just the thing to place
in the hands of boy or girl.
The second story has been looked for
ward to f«>r some time past. It Is a
companion tale to "Sweetheart Travel- i
ers." and Is dedicated to "OM Boys, j
Young Boys, Oood Hoys, Bad Boys, Big
Little Hoys. Cow Boys and Tom
: " It should therefore n^t go beg
ging for readers, in it am related the
numerous adventures at home and school
of "ne Hugh John Smith, a lad whoso
father owned several farms on the bor
derland between England nnd Scotland.
Blaster Smith is i pugnacious individual,
of the kind likely to appear heroic in tho
eyes of boys of his own age. A few el
derly personages enter into the tale, but
it is dominated by the younger element
from beginning to end. The charming
illustrations by Gordon Browne are fully
in keeping with the movement of the nar
rative.
SMALL TALK A LA MODE.
It is permissible to wonder who reads
the guidebooks to conversation and eti
quette which arc turned out by arbiters
of fashion every year. Then must be a
demand on the part of people who are
seriously in quest of enlightenment; for.
although these works are occasionally
amusing to the general reader, they can
not depend mainly on his patronage.
Moreover, they are not written by the
practltionera of "comic copy"; they have
■a gravity of tone which bfeflts the social
importance of the theme; and they are
distinguished, as a rule, by Intimate
knowledge of the usages of "society." It
is this knowledge which produces the ef
fect of unconscious satire. A new volume
called "The Art of Conversing" has no
literary merit; the author does not pos
sess even an elementary sense of humor;
and yet we have a picture of life which
might almost be described as more subtle
and searching in its irony than the "Book
of Snobs." The vapid Inanity of what
passes for conversation in polite circles.
the small subterfuges of the social mis
cellany which Is "at home," gives dinners
anddances and runsdownlntothecountry
for a couple of days, could not be better
portrayed by a consummate artist. In one
of Mr. Pinoro's farces some of the dra
matis pirsonae are driven by a tire in
the dead of the night to the house of a
neighbor; and la the morning one of the
refugees, with a broken ornament under
her arm. plaintively remarks, "How awk
ward it is to break a bust in th«- h.»use of
a comparative stranger!" This agony
of etiquette must be tho dread "f every
■erlotu ■tadettt Of '"The Art of Convers
ing." He "T ihe h doomed to spend much
of the day, and iiot a little of the night,
among comparative strangers; for peo
ple "in siH-i,ty" rarely have the iim«' or
mcllaatlmi to know one another well, and
tho whole scheme of Intercourse depends
upon the exchange of the smallest Ideas
in the thinnest of verbal artifices.
Lack of intelligence, says our author
blandly, Is the chief reason why "society*'
finds conversaton so difficult. Apparently
there are people who need to be told
that a certain kind of address should be
met with "Really!" "Indeed!" and "Oh,,
yes!" You might suppose that any talk
ing animal above the intelligence of a
parrot would make these valuable ob
servations spontaneously; but it is clear
that, without a course of study, many
ladies "in society" will find them-
speechless. Take the case of a hostess
in a new house receiving a ceremonious
call from a neighbor. You might think
that she would start upon the tempera
ture by Instinct. People have discussed
the heat and cold for so many genera
tions that even a baby lisping its first
syllable ought not to be considered a
prodigy if it were to hazard this entranc
ing subject to another baby at their first
meeting. But the hostess will probably
be dumb unless she has pondered the
text-book, which gives her this inspir
ing lead: "I am afraid you find it rather
warm here; perhaps you would like to
sit a little way from the fire?" Why
should not every visitor and every lady
"at home" be openly armed with copies
of "The Art of Conversing,'" like tour
ists with Baedeker, and begin the con
versation with. "Let me see; what is the
dialogue for this act? Oh, here we are—
page 33"? This frankness would rub off
the edges of strangeness and kindle any
spark of humor that by rare chance
happened to be handy and combustible.
But this would never do "in society."
that wilderness where the natives dwell
In shuddering dread of "vulgarity."
There may be confidences in the drawing
room about the milliner, though the
hostess may not say, "Whore did you
get that hat?" because the phrase might
be reminiscent to somebody of a comic
song. But no self-respecting woman
could confess that her innocent commen
taries on the weather were laboriously
modeled on "^The Art of Conversing."
A certain 'sprinkling of science may
season your small talk. The oracle has
thoughtfully recognized the X rays. "I
am very much interested in hearing
about the rays. I had my hand put under
: them. The bones appeared to be enor
! mously large. Why was that, do you
! think?" This question is said to "put
an almost ready reply into the
mouth of the companion of the moment."
The bewildering student may wonder
] what it is. If the "bones" are feminine
he ought to reply that the X rays are ev
| idently capable of malicious exaggera
tion. But even if this obvious compli
ment came to hand "ready-made" would
it not be regarded by the lady as a trans
gression of the rules of the game? She
might be tempted to retort, "You are for
| getting the copy-book!"
i LONDON'S FORTY INMORTALS.
The London Academy has made up a
list of Forty Immortals, selected with
one exception from the ranks of British
authors, upon which it invites criticism
and suggestions. The list is as follows:
John Ruskln I W. E. Lecky
Puke of Argyll I Bishop Stubbs
John Morley i Andrew Lang
Sir G. O. Trevelyan Edmund Gosse
K. D. Blackmore . Francis Thompson
Rudyard Kipling Austin Dobson
T">r. Salmon '■■ W. S. Gilbert
W. P. Ker j Herbert Spencer
Bishop Crelghton George Meredith
W. E. Henley ■ James Bryce
H. D Tralll j George Macdonald
Mrs Humphry "Ward : R. C. Jebb
Henry James Dr. J. A. H. Murray
A W. Plnero B. R. Gardiner
W. K. Gladstone ' Rev. Adian Gas-juet
A. C Swinburne , William Archer
Thomas Hardy Mrs M-vnell
Leslie Stephen « «■ *«*«
Aubrey de Vere J. M Barrle
W. W. Skeat "Lewis Carroll.
The Academy also announces "that
arrangements are now in progress by
which in connection with the Academy
of Letters a book of signal merit shall
be 'crowned 1 each year. The author of
the work will receive an award from
this journal of 100 guineas. We have
also in contemplation the 'crowning* of
a book each year by an author of
younger reputation, to whom we shall
make an award of 50 guineas."
Punch has been having some fun
with the Academy's Forty Immortals,
as witness the following letters there
anent:" .
The Summit, Hlndhead.
Dear Mr. Punch:
"The mountain sheep are sweeter.
But the valley sheep are fatter."
You follow me? Yours, till Pisgah.
GR-NT ALL-N.
At the Sign of the Aerial Triplets.
Sir: Man is a bestial, if necessary,
blot upon creation. Could I and similar
matrons have our way, he should be
soundly smacked. Sexual Jealousy, I
take it, has kept my name from this
arbitrary list- Yet I* have just written
"The Beth Book in the World"! It is not
for me to say who has written the necth
beth. Yours indignantly,
S-R-H GR-ND.
P. S.— l exempt you. Mr. Punch, from
the spanking assertion with which my
letter opens.
Care of Clio, Parnassus.
Dear Mr. Punch: I am glad to observe
my name among the Forty. I do not,
however, altogether subscribe to the
other thirty-nine articles. Yours skep
tically. " W. E. H. L-CKY.
The Morgue. Paris.
Sir Punch— Mister: Hope deferred— as
, vs— makes the core bilious. Here
they will not have me at any price, try
all I will. But you, you have the nose
line for merit. Albeit, in effect, not of
Anglo-Saxon provenance, I am traveler.
T have made the grand voyage of the
See there, then, I speak the
English. O yes! Alright. Agree, etc.
EM-L-Z-L-.
A COURTING CALL.
Him:
He dressed himself from top to toe
Tor give the kites' fashion.
Ho give his boots an extra glow.
His dickey glistened like the snow,
lie slicked his hair exactly so.
An' all ter indicate "his passion."
He tied his hull three tics afore
He kep' the one on that he wore.
Her!
All afternoon she laid abed
Ter make her features brighter.
She tried on ev'ry geoun she hefl.
She rasped her nails until they bled,
A dozen times she fuzzed her head.
And put on stuff to make her whiter
An' fussed till sh'd a-cried, she said,
But that 'Id make her eyes so red.
• •
Them!
They sot together in the dark
•Ithout a light, excep 1 their spark
An' neither could have told or guessed
\\ hat way the other iin was dressecL
Mr. Robert Parr's next book will be en
titled "Mediaeval Tales."
Lieutenant Peary's book on Us various
expeditions is expected to appear in Feb-
Houghton. Mifflln A Co. will soon issue
a new novel by Virna Woods of Sacra
mento.
The title of J. M. Barries forthcoming
novel, a sequel to "Sentimental Tummy"
Is called "Celebrated Tommy."
Mr Baring-Gould will publish shortly
Bladys of the Slewpony," a romance of
the close of the last century.
The detective stories in which Sherlock
Holmes figures so prominently hay.
strung into a drama by Dr. Conan Doyle.
Henry Holt & Co. report the thirty
first thousand for '"The Prisoner of
Zenda." and the thirty-seventh for the
"Honorable Peter Stirling."
Dodd, Mead & Co. announce a book of
children's stories, by the late Dr. Henry
Drummond. The book will bear the
somewhat curious title of "The Monkey
That Would Not Kill "
The publishing season that is just clos
ing has been a prolific one. the number of
new books issued up to the end of last
month being just under 2000, of which
WHEN THE GREEN GITS BACK IN THE TREES
In spring, when the green gits back in
the trees,
And the sun comes out and stays,
And yer boots pulls on wtth a good tight
squeeze,
And you think of yer barefoot days:
When you "ort" to work and you want
to not.
And you and yer wife agrees
It's time to spade tip the garden lot,
When the green gits back in the trees-
Well! work is the least of my ldoes
Whon the green, you know, gits back
in the trees.
When the green gits back in the trees,
and bees
Is a-buzzin' aroun' agin
In that kind of a lazy go-as-you-please
Old gait they bum roun 1 in:
When the groun's all bald where the
hay-rick stood,
And the crick's riz. and the breeze
Coaxes the bloom in the old dogwood,
Ar.d the green gits back In the trees—
I like, as I say. in sich scenes as
thf>se.
The time when the green gits back In
the trees.
When the whole tail-feathers of winter
time
Ts all pulled out and gone!
And the sap it thaws and begins to climb.
And the swet it starts out on
A feller's forred, a-prettin' down
At the old spring on hi? knee*—
I kindo' like jest a-loaferln' roun"
When the green gits back in the trees-
Jest a-potterin' roun' as I — durn —
please —
When the green, you know, gits back
in the trees!
—James Whitcomb Riley.
one-quarter were novels. Probably by the
end of the year these figures will be in
creased by nearly one-half.
Archibald Forbes' "Life of Louis Napo
leon" will be published early next year
by the Messrs. Chat to. The volume will
be profusely illustrated.
An effort Is to bo made to adapt for tho
stage W. W. Jacob's delightful book of
sea stories, "Many Cargoes." The one
thing that is to be said for this scheme
is that there will be plenty of characters
to select from. Where the unity of action
is to be found is another matter.
Mr. Henry S. Pancoast has followed
up his recent "Introduction to English
Literature"' by a similar work on Ameri
can literature, where he intends to show
the close relation of both countries in
the matter of letters. The work will be
puhlished shortly by Henry Holt & Co.
A new book of stories by Pavid Starr
Jordan is announced for early publication.
President Jordan is a capital story-teller.
and this new volume is to be a book of
queer stories told by children; selected,
corrected and illustrated by children. It
is to be called "The Book of Knight and
Barbara."
"Sixty and Six" is the unique tlt!« of
a collection of "Chips From Literary
Workshops," Issued by the New Amster
dam Book Company and edited by Will
M. Clemens. The selections cover the
whole literary field, from the humorous
to the tragic, the book being bound In
a handsome "poster cover," emblemati
cal of the art of the day. Price, 75 cents.
It is announced by the Frederick A.
Stokes Company that it will issue the
earlier books of John Oliver Hobbs (Mrs.
Craigie) in a single volume. Hitherto
"Some Emotions and a Moral," "The
Sinner's Comedy." "A Study in Tempta
tions" and "A Bundle of Life" have only
appeared in small separate editions. To
gether they will form a volume about the
size of "The School for Saints."
The third and fourth volumes of "Gos
sip of the Century" are announced for
early publication by the Macmilian Com
pany, under the title of "Social Hours
With Celebrities," by the late Mrs. W.
Pitt Byrne. These two volumes are ed
ited by the author's sister. Miss R. H.
Busk, and contain sixty-six illustrations,
whose range from Renan to Zola, and
from Louis Philippe to Cartouche, gives
some idea of the scope of the text.
People interested in the lumber indus
try of California, redwood especially, will
find much interesting information in a
handsome souvenir prepared by Mr.
Gray of the firm of Gray & Mitchell,
lumber dealers of this city. The lumber
is traced from the forest to the mills,
and the treatment it receives is de
scribed by one who is not only convers
ant with the handling of timber, but is
also a writer of no mean ability and de
scriptive power. Numerous beautiful
half-tones are scattered throughout the
book.
Fifteen of the choicest poems in Stev
enson's "A Child's Garden of Verses"
have been set to music by William Arms
Fisher, and the booklet has ban pub
lished by the Oliver Ditson Company of
Boston and New York. The dedication
is a veritable poem in prose, and reads
as follows: "To the singing children >>.v.<\
those who love tlu-m; to those wl ■•••
bairns are only 'Dream Children. 1 and
to all who, in spite of time, have kept
the child heart." The songs will un
doubtedly become popular.
The success of Paul — aurence Dun
bar's poems is not to be gainsaid. Al
though the book has been published but
a short while, Dodd. Mead <£ Co., the
publishers, announce that the fourth
thousand is nearly exhausted. This book
by the young negro poet has probably
attained a wider circulation than falls
to the lot of most of the better known
poets of the day. We understand that,
not content with his work in verse. Mr.
Dunbar is at present engaged in writing
a novel, which is to be issued shortly.
It is described as a reahs..c picture of
liie in a email Ohio town, in which
State, it will be remembered, Dunbar
was born and educated.
It is announced, as though it wore of im
portance to any one, that Ira Nelson Mor
ris, sun of a Chicago millionaire pork
r, has abandoned literature to enter
his father's firm. "A million men can
wrtte books," declared the elder Morris,
"but few have the opportunity my son
-; to become great in the business
world. A book is read by few; a large
commercial or manufacturing- enterprise,
well conducted, is a Messing to the world
at large." Wise elder Morris! There are
Indeed more people who eat than road.
When he says that a honk la read by few
he speaks by the card, for I will venture
to say thai his son's Look. "With the
Trade Winds: a Jaunt in Venezuela and
the West tndies," was read by very few.
Mr. Morris Jr. stay..! In literature long
enough to find out that there is more
money In pork-paektng. To work in the
line of one's sympathies is its own re
ward. Very often it has no other; but
there are those who prefer the joys of
literature, unremunerative though they
may be, to the emoluments of the pack
ing-hous*FASHIONABLE COIFURES FOR `98
MO longer neefl the round faced
young woman puff her hair well
out at the sid^s and adapt a coif
fure that makes her countenance
assume the proportions of a full
moon Just because It is the prevailing
fashion. For many seasons past this was
■what she was expected to do. Now a
change has taken place. There are coif
fures this season of IS9S for almost every
type of woman. And each one bears the
Ftamp of tho latest fashion. Of course,
they all have a few characteristics in
common, but never before in the history
of hairdres?inp bus t'.i^re been bo many
varied styles in vogue at the same time.
Just when the pompadour -was at the
height of Its dignified glory Cleo Merode
came to town and ears were suddenly
hidden from the vulgar view. For a time
the Merode coifure was the rage. But
Bow the fashionable girl is threatened
with a greater calamity. It is rumored
that the old-fashioned waterfall Is com
ing back. Daguerreotypes are being stud
ied and false hair has suddenly gone up In
price. In London the waterfall of forty
years ago Is the acknowledged coiffure of
the season. It is here, too, in New York,
but so far in a somewhat idealised fash
ion. In the new waterfall there Is an ab
sence of the Btralght, severe parting. The
entire head is covered with a mass of un
tfulatlnc waves. They ripple over the
forehead and fall carelessly over the
ears. The chignon at the back is not so
large as it was when the fashionable
girl's grandmother wore it. But It's Just
the same shape and it's covered with a
net, and there are curls to add to Its
Quaintness. Yearß ago the waterfall was
always accompanied by two rather long
1 f*\ RBAT are the Roentgen rays,
I " but greater, Bay those who know
I ,_. her, Is a 'certain Frenchwoman
II of Narbonne. The Roentgen
x — y * rays enable us to see through
wood and flesh, but they are
powerless against metals. Yet this wo
man of Narbonne, we are told, can not
only read a letter wrapped in a me tall
wrapper, but can read it when It Is at
■ a great distance away from her.
Dr. Ferroul discovered this marvelous
woman. The doctor, who was some
years ago a socialist Deputy In Paris,
recently settled down at Narbonne and
determined to devote all his leisure to
the study of occultism. So* he tried his
hand at turning tables and, like bo
jnany others, strove to obtain messages
ftrom the dead by means of Planchette
and spirit rapping. His success was not
marked in any direction until one day
he became acquainted with a woman
, who possessed the strange faculty of
• "reading letters through opaque
•bodies.''
The doctor was amazed. He tested
the woman several times, and in no In
stance did she fail to read the letter
correctly.
Then he sat down and sent word of
his wonderful discovery to a friend of
I his, Dr. Grasset, professor of medicine
at the University of Montpellier. The
latter, who is well known in Paris as a
eavant of great merit, was at first
wholly incredulous, but finally prom
ised to test the woman's power in his
own way. First, however, he went to
Narbonne and had a long conference
•with Ferroul, after which he returned
to Montpellier and wrote the folowlng
4 words on a half sheet of paper:
"The deep sky reflects our tears in
its stars, for we weep this evening at
. Reeling that we live too much."
Over these words he wrote in one line
three words, one in Russian, another in
[G«rman and the third in tne Greek lan
romantic looking curls. They were worn
at the left side, or one was allowed to
fall over each shoulder, according to the
caprice of the fair wearer. The new
curls are shorter. They are bobbing, ap
parently energetic, curls and do not sug
gest the sentimental curl of the
fashioned waterfall in the least. They
are worn tucked under the new chignon.
Just at the left side. With this new wat
t-rfall the hair is either brushed back in
pompadour fashion or it is parted at the
left side and a ourl or two is allowed to
fall over the forehead. This parting the
hair on the left side is one of the chief
novelties in the coiffures for IS9B. It look«
particularly well when worn with the
fashionable hats of the season, which
have Invariably a flarine brim at the left
side. The best hairdressers par that
women with low foreheads will wear the
hair a la pompadour throughout the win
ter. The pompadour Is made high or low,
•waved or plain, according to the way It
is most becoming to the individual wear
er. On the other hand, the fashionable
girl whose forehead Is broad and high
may feel she Is equally up to date if she
allows a curl or two to rest upon her in
tellectual brow. But here are a few im
portant facts they must both bear In
mind: Plain straight locks are out of
fashion. No matter the arrangement of
the coiffure every hair must be waved.
Ears at least must be partially hidden.
Broad effects are greatly in vogue and
puffs and curls are everywhere.
The hair Is arranged very low on the
neck for street wear, and the chignon
HERE IS A WOMAN WITH EYES LIKE X RAYS
guage, and then he added a final line I
containing the word "Montpelller" and j
the date of the month. This paper he j
folded in two, with the writing- on the i
inside, and then he covered it entirely
with a sheet of tinfoil, such as is used
for chocolate. This he turned down
at the edges and he then slipped the
whole into an ordinary envelope, which
he tightly fastened with gum. Finally,
as Dr. Ferroul had warned him that ,
string sometimes interfered with his I
subject's reading powers, he fastened j
the envelope with a safety pin, which j
pierced in such a manner that it formed
a sort of padlock, and, this being done,
the pin was embedded in a ma.<^s of
black sealing wax, which was stamped
with Dr. Grasset's coat of arms.
To this sealed envelope Dr. Grasset
attached his card, with a few words,
and then he placed the document in a
large envelope and sent it by mail to
Dr. Ferroul at Narbonne. Two days
later he received the following letter
from Dr. Ferroul:
"Mon cher maitre: —
"When your letter reached me this j
morning my subject was not at hand, j
I opened the first cover containing the ;
envelope and found your card. Hay- i
Ing some visits to make, I decided to !
bring my subject to my house at about j
4 o'clock and I called at her house to
leave word.
"When I told her what I wanted her
to do she expressed a desire to make
the reading at once. Your envelope, !
sealed with black wax, had been placed i
Inside its big envelope on my desk, and j
THE SAX FTiAXOISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JAXTJAHT 16, 1898.
Is the pronounced fashion. Nets are
much worn. For evening wear all the
coiffures are extremely high. Puffs are
used In great profusion, and the hair is
twisted and colled in many curious up
standing loops. The simple coiffure for
oither street or evening wear has gone
entirely out of fasl'>n. Not only are the
coiffures themselves elaborate, but the
my subject's house Is distant at least '
300 meters from mine.
"As we leaned against a table I
passed my hands over my subject's
eyes and this Is what she told me with- ;
out having seen your envelope:
" 'You have torn the envelope.'
" 'Yes, but the letter to be read Is In
side In another closed envelope.'
" 'The one with the large black seal?'
" 'Y«>s; read.'
" 'There la some silver paper. • • •
Here is what there Is: 'The deep sky
reflects our tears In Its stars, for we
weep at feeling that we live too much.' j
" 'Then there are letters like this.' i
CRhe showed me with her finger tips D. I
E. X.)
" "Then there is a short name that I i
don't know.' (In what sense are we
to take this?)
"Then she read the word Montpelller
and the date on your letter.
"There, cher maitre, is the report of i
the experiment, which lasted at most !
a minute and a half. lam returning
you your envelope with my letter.
Yours, DR. FERROUL."
Dr. Grasset was exceedingly sur
prised when he received this letter. To
him. indeed, the story savored of the
supernatural. The sealed envelope was
once more in his possession; there was
not the slightest evidence that it had
been tampered with, and yet this
strange woman had read the entire
contents with the exception of the few
words in Greek, Russian and German.
Are we to conclude from this experi
ment that reading through opaque bod
in lL b lvii
n iffiS. li/fWH/fH Ml P
klire .
from Which
Ifi
inililliDl JlvuttlLM
MI
les belongs to the domain of possibility?
Wonderful, if true, and yet not as won
derful as the fact that the reading in
this instnnce was done at a considera
ble distance. The subject not merely
read the words that were inside the
closed and sealed envelope, but she did
so at a time when the envelope was 300 |
meters away from her and when there i
were between her and It such solid ob
jects as her own house and Dr. Ferroul's
house.
Clear, however, as the facts were. Dr.
Grassot was still half afraid of being
mystified and therefore he submitted
the sealed envelope to the members of
the Academy of Sciences and Letters of
Montpellier, and, by opening it in their
presence, satisfied them that the en
velope had not been tampered with.
The members were as puzzled as Dr.
Grasset, and at once decided to make
a new experiment. Consequently a
committee was appointed for this "pur
pose, and it was agreed that the "mem
bers thereof should not know thf con
tents of the envelope and, while on
their way to Narbonne should not let it
for a moment out of their possession.
As to the result of this last experiment,
nothing has yet been made public.
ICELAND EIDER DUCKS.
Good "Words: All accounts I have
read about elder ducks say that nests
are robbed of their down twice, the
duck supplying it each time from her
ornaments which decorate them are
many and wondrous to behold. So many
ornaments are worn in the neweßt even
ing coiftures that there is danger of this
hairdressing becoming a rival of the
much-talked-of theater hat. Aigrettes
are all the fashion. Some of them match
in color the costume with which they are
worn; others are combined with a tiny
own body, and the third time the
drake gives hia white down, and this
is allowed to remain; but I was told
by farmers In Iceland that now they
never take the down until the little
ones are hatched. It has been found
that the birds thrive better and In
crease faster when they are allowed
to live as nature meant them to do.
So now the poor mothers are no long
er obliged to strip themselves of all
their down to refurnish their de
i spoiled nests. Some times if the
; quantity is very great a little may be
■ taken, but enough must be left to
cover the eggs when the duck leaves
her nest foor food.
A writer upon Iceland, in speaking
of a visit to one of the Isafjord farms,
write:
"On the coast was a wall, built of
large stones Just above high-water
level, about three feet high and of
considerable thickness at the bottom.
On both sides of it alternate stones
had been left out, so as to form a
series of square compartments for
the ducks to make their nests in. Al
most every compartment was occu
pied, and as we walked along the
shore a line of ducks flew out, one
after another. The house was a mar
vel. The earthen walls that surround
it and the window embrasures were
occupied with ducks. On the ground
ostrich tip, and then there are the very
costly hair ornaments of aigrette and
diamond pin together. One of these lat
ter ornaments seen recently showed a
small gold comb gleaming with diamonds,
while towering above the glistening gems
was a feathery black aigrette, powdered
with bits of rhinestones, which looked
like dewdrops in the sun. But the
aigrette is by no means the only orna
ment of the hour. My lady of fashion
strings her hair with jewels if she can
afford it. Jeweled chains encircle her
groups of dainty puffs. Jeweled pins
hold her willful locks of hair at the back
in place and Jeweled combs of all sizes
add to the beauty of her coiffure. For
hair decoration mock jewels produce just
as pleasing an effect as gems of the first
water. Borne of the latest coiffures, when
ready for the dance or the opera, are
decorated with four side combs, a strinsr
of Jewels, a Jeweled pin and a jeweled
pompadour comb. The airy gauze butter
fly is another favorite ornament for the
hair, and Mercury wings are still in
fashion. Pert lltlo bows of accordion
pleated ribbon may now be bought at the
shops with a hairpin attached. They
give a pretty touch to a girlish coiffure.
Tiaras of velvet are another fad of the
hour. They are generally studded with
mock gems, and to a tall, regal-looking
girl they are apt to be most becoming.
The coquettish girl always finds room to
tuck a rose In her hair, and she does
not need to be told how to do it. Both
coarse and fine nets are worn with the
new chignon, and a few which are sell-
Ing at an exorbitantly high price have
bits of Jewels caught here and there in
their meshes. The woman whose crown-
the house was fringed with ducks. On
the turf slopes of the roof we could
see duck 3, and ducks sat on the
scraper."
About 10,000 pounds of elder down
are gathered annually in Iceland, 7000
pounds being exported to foreign
countries. Formerly the peasants
used to receive over 21 shillings a
pound, but the price has now fallen
to half that amount. The peasants
seldom receive money, and are obliged
to barter their down for merchandise,
at the little settlements at the fjords.
A pound and a half of down is enough
to fill an ordinary bed puff. These
very comfortable articles are found in
the guest room of every Icelandic
farm, however poor and small it may
be. After a long, hard day in the sad
dle the traveler longs for warmth and
shelter. These little guest rooms have
never had a fire in them, and, built as
they are on the ground, there is a
dreadful chill in them. Once tucked
away in bed, however, and well cov
ered with the down puff, a delightful
sense of comfort follows, and tired
bones lose their pains and stiffness.
HER MEMORY SYSTEM.
"Talking of memory sytems," said
the suburbanite on the accommodation
train, "I can't for the life of me see
Ing glory Is not as thick and luxuriant as
she might wish need not be discouraged
■when she reads of these elaborate coif
fures, for she may buy a chignon ready
made which no 0110 could possibly detect
from hor own. and in these days of mod
ern civilization there are even bargain
days in puffs and curls.
It behooves every woman to give spe
cial attention to the care of her hair In
these days of waved and decorated coif
fures. If the hair is to be kept strong
and healthy the effect of the curling
iron must be counteracted. A daily mas
sage of the scalp will do much toward
strengthening and beautifying the ap
pearance of the hair. Brushing every
night and morning is a good stimulant.
As many as a hundred strokes a day
should be given. In case the hair is fall
ing out, rub the scalp twice a week with
a solution of brandy and salt; once every
three weeks at least the hair should be
shampooed. For this purpose nothing is
better than an egg shampoo, using both
yelk and white. This will strengthen
the growth of the hair ' and. If used
faithfully, free the scalp of dandruff. The
egg shampoo is to be highly recommend
ed. The yelk of the egg acts like a tonic
to the scalp. It supplies it with the
necessary Iron and sulphur to keep it in
a. healthy condition. The white of the
egg furnishes an alkali, and this, com-
blned -with the oil of the hair, makes a
soapy substance better for cleaning pur
poses than any soap in the market. After
the shampoo special care must be given
to the drying of the hair if neuralgia is
to be avoided. The hair should be rubbed
thoroughly with a warm towel and then
given a sun bath if possible.
how a man who Is unable to remem
ber one thing Is helped by having to
remember two. If I tie a string around
my finger I must recall the purpose of
wearing It — which I never can do. If
I must always think of rain when I
want to carry an umbrella, I have dou
ble work. Now, my wife wanted me to
remember something to-day and she
gave me a word to say over to myself.
And I've forgotten the word."
"Pooh. It's easy enough to remem
ber things if you give your mind to it,"
said another suburbanite. "My wife
told me to be sure to order some — now
what the mischief was it? Soap?
Blueing? Well, that's funny. I thought
I would be sure to remember!"
He plunged his hands into his over
coat pockets to cover his chagrin, and
pulled out of one a rough bit of scant
ling, with a memorandum in lead pen
cil attached.
"Well, I vow! My wife must have
stuck that thing in there. Oh yes, I
see. It was a load of kindling she
wanted me to order. But one could
hardly be expected to remember a
thing like that."
"I wish I could find a reminder of
what I am to get as easy as you did,
but my wTfe doesn't believe in giving a
sample to help out a poor memory.
Hello, old fellow, how's that?"
He had pulled a little rubber shoe
out of his pocket and was regarding it
with loving eyes.
"Sammy's overshoe, by all that's
queer! And here is something inside.
'Length, five inches.' Bless her little
heart, I'd have forgotten all about
them if it hadn't been for this mem
ory lesson. There's something In Uia
system after all."
2324
MRS. WILLIAM ASTOR'S TRIUMPH OVER NEW YORK SOCIETY.
/ITuiN the week tm greatest.
\ S triumph ever known in the
* J history of New York society
has been achieved by Mrs.
William Astor.
She is said to have rein
stated her beloved daughter Augusta
In fashionable society.
And not only has she persuaded fash
lon to apaln receive and acknowledge
her daughter, but she has succeeded in
paining for that recognition the seal
and approval of the church.
The most famous prelate of the most
most famous church of New York City
Signified by Ins presence on the auspic
ious occasion that the past is to be
blotted out.
Augusta Astor is the third daughter
of Mr. and Mrs. William Astor. It is
rumored that she was ever the favorite
daughter of her mother. At the ape of
19, when her stately mother was at the
zeinth of her power as a society queen,
the daintily lovely young girl— the pret
tiest of the Astor dauphters— was for
mally presented to the exclusive circles
of Xew York's society.
She stepped into society from the
most strict and careful surroundir.ps.
The mother of the heiress to a pood
ihare of William Astor's millions was
a lady of the old regime, and had the
ideas of her class as to the education of
a young girl.
Everybody predicted the greatest pos
sible success for a girl born under so
many lucky stars.
With lvr beauty and accomplish
ments, backed by her mother's un
bounded prestige and her father's lim
itless wealth, a great marriage was
THE past week has been marked
by an unusual preparation for
brilliant affairs to come. Num
berless invitations for el)
entertainments were 'issued, and
between times the entertainers rested or
discussed the promising outlook at small
"at homes." luncheons and dinners.
Invitations are now out for the wed
ding Of Miss Mac Miller and Marshall
Hale to be celebrated at St. I
Church on Wednesday evening. January
19- for the Borel Hall, on the evening of
January 20; for the Cinderella dance,
Wednesday evening, January 26, and the
sichorean dance, Wednesday, Febru-
Umisual attention is being devoted to
the Murphy fancy dress cotillon on Fri
day, February 4, at the Palace Hotel.
The very latest topic of Interest is the
dinner dance to be given by Mrs W.
F Whlttter at her elegant home on Jack
son street on Thursday evening, Febru
ary 3 One hundred Invitations have
been sent out for the entertainment.
The regular meeting of the popu.ar and
fashionable Friday Fortnightly was held
on Friday evening at Lunt s Hall. AlDj rt
Russell, witli Miss Kate Salisbury for his
partner, led, assisted by B. H. Sheldon.
In the first Bel were: Miss LUlie Follis,
Miss Fanny Baldwin, Miss Edna Hop
kins Miss Caro Crockett. Miss Muriel
Atherton. Miss Marg ret Salisbury, Miss
Mary Kip, Miss Romie Wallace, Miss
Berriice Drown, Miss Alice Spragu<
Florence Stone, Miss Linda Cadwallader.
Miss Freeborn, Miss Susie Blandlng and
Mi: Florence Josselyn.
Mrs L. L. Baker entertained a party
of sixteen at supper at her home on
Franklin street on Friday evening, after
the meeting of the Kortnightlys.
Jhevj're Engaged.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Flora Abraham and H. Aronson.
The engagement of Miss Rosie Pearl
and Charies Rubenstein is announced.
The engagement is announced of Miss
Clara E. McConnell. daughter of ex-Sen
ator and Mrs. McConnell of Nevada, to
David Milroy of this city.
The engagement is announced of Miss
S F.tta Graves of Stockton and H. 11.
Welsh of New York.
Mr and Mrs. G. Hamburger announce
the engag'-ment of their daughter Stella
to Harry Marks. They will receive Sun
day, January So. from 2 to 5 p. m., at 1433
Buchanan street.
The engagement Is announced of M. Z.
King of Los Alamos to Miss Ray Morris,
daughter of Mr. and Mrs. K. Morris.
Wedding Bells.
The marriage of Mathilda M. Gregory
to Herman Shainwald took place at
noon on Tuesday at the residence of the
bride, 2012 Broadway, in the presence of
the relatives of tho contracting parties,
the Rev. c A. Buck bee performing the
ceremony. The couple immediately left
for a short trip to the Bouthern part of
the State, and on their return will reside
temporarily at 2012 Broadway Mrs.
Shainwald will be at-home Wednesdays
after February L
An exceedingly pretty wedding was
celebrated at Sacred Heart Church on
Wednesday evening, when Miss Sarah
Kelly and James J. Cronin were joined In
the "ho!y bonds of wedlock by tht- Rev.
Father "Flood. The bridal party entered
the sacred edifice and marched down tho
aisle following the ushers, Charles
Drury and Thomas Grennan. The bridal
procession was led by the maid of honor.
Miss Theresa Kelly, sister of the bride.
The bride was charmingly attired In a
costume of white tulle over white pati:i.
trimmed with orange blossoms. At tho
altar the groom, attended by his best
man, Joseph Laib, met the bridal party.
During the ceremony Matt Grennan
rendered the beautiful solo, "Oh
Promise Me," on the cornet in a most
effective manner. After the ceremony the
bridal party and the Invited guests were
driven to the home of the bride at £13
Fell street, where a reception followed
Et which nearly 200 friends of the con
tracting parties were present. Mr. and
Mrß. Cronin will spend their honeymoon
In Lob Angeles and will be gone two or
confidently predicted for Augusta A?
tor.
All the eligible men in society were
soon at the feet of the debutante. She
might have thrown \h<> handkerchief in
any direction and a ri<>zt<n slaves would
have rushed to pick it up.
Society was thunderstruck when Au
gusta Astor made her choice of a hus
band.
J. CVileman Drayton of Philadelphia
was a praduate of Princeton, quiet, stu
dious, reticent. He had inherited little
In life save an ancestral line. His peo
ple had always been members of ex
clusive society both in New York and
Philadelphia.
Young Prayton, unaided by great
wealth, extraordinary attractions of
face and figure, or fascinating man
ners, carried off the richest girl In New
York society in the very teeth of gal
lants in every way better equipped than
he for such a conti
Aupusta As; or was the opposite of
Coleman Drayton in every respect. She
was fair, he was dark. She was pretty,
he was plain. She was vivacious am!
fond of society, he was taciturn and
preferred domestic Beclusion.
But they were marri> il.
Th" Draytons went to housekeeping
i Fifth avenue, a house belonging
to the bride's father. For a time they
lived happily together.
Coleman Draytbn carM nothing for
society, nothii g for the theater, the
■ balls, dinners and th«? vari
ous functions of fashionable life. His
- were his friends.
His wife, as was perfectly natural to
the daughter of probably the most bril
liant society woman New York has
ever Been, cared intensely for the round
of pleasure pursued by fashionable
people. The very functions that so
SOCIETY
three weeks. On their return they will
reside in San Franc;:
Ciub parties.
The "I*. B. O." Club entertained a
number of its f rii-mls on N> w 7ear*l
at a "Fanners' Dance," given at the
residence of Miss Baxter on'
nwortb street. It wi -1 af
fair, as all of the guests as well a
members of the dub v
In fanners' attire. When the party
were all gathered togei to have a
flashlight picture taken of the group In
their grotesque costumes it made quite :
an amusing Bpectacle. The dancing pro
gramme included many old-time d
which have i< -n^ been i . but
which furnished great amusement for !
the guests.
The decorations, which were attended
to by the young ladies of the club, were
profuse and artistic. The parlors wen
massed with evergreen*, red berries and
palms, and large bunch* b of holly ber
.nd misth-toe depended from the
lighted chandeliers, la the center of tin
was a large bunch of red carna
tions tied with an immense bow of red
satin ribbon.
Dancing was suspended at midnight,
when an elaborate supper was enj
after which dancing and games were re
: until 2 a. m. Ed Baxter acted as
master. Among I ■ ni were:
Miss Bi'xti-r, Miss Mitchell, Miss
Miss Soulo, Miss Poultney, Miss
MaoDermott, Miss Howell, Mi.
Turbeville, Miss Smith, Miss Metrovlch,
Miss Thompson, Miss Rothschild,
Verdenai and Ed Baxti r,
.\. Keech, James O'Kane, B. QUm'ore,
Judge Bykes, F. W. Blanch, Al Smith, j
1.. L. Stevens, I. Decker, Karl de Verne
and George de \'e: i
The regular monthly entertainment and
dance of the Native Sons of Vermont
was held on Friday evening at Odd Fel-
I lows' Hall. The usual large find fashlbn
able audience i attends
popular affairs was present. The
I gramme, an excellent mediy of popular
by the Colum
any, was much enjoyed.
At a regular meeting of iho County
1 Leitrim Social Club held at Wolfs Hall
last evening the following offlcers were
Installed: President, P. M. McGushin;
vice-president, J. H. Dolan; recording
etary, M. J. Moran; financial
tary, Thomas Rooney; treasurer, 1 >; t r i i • -i
Tweedle; sergeant-at-arms, Thomas
Horan. A magnificent gold watch and
chain and diamond locket were presented
■to ihe retirii ent, Robert J.
I O'Reilly. I. M. McGusbin, In making the
presentation on ■ paid
an eloquent tribute to /»iis predecessor,
who occupied the chair of that flourish
ing club for the past seven years.
The California Society of the Sona of
the American Revolution held their an
nual meeting Tuesday evening*. January
11, and elected the following officers:
lent, Colonel J. C. Currier; senior
vice-president, Hon. Horace D
! .lunior vice-president, W. M. Bunkffl
retary, Edwin Bonnoll: treasurer,
Charles H. Warner: registrar. Colonel A.
S. Hubbard; marshal. T. A. Perkins;
board of managers— General S. W. Back
us, E. K. Head, R. Vandercook, Captain
! Charles A. Sumner, Charles D. Haven.
M. L. Requa.
A gold badge was voted the retiring
! president, Sidney M. Smith.
A resolution to have a banquet on Feb
ruary 22 was adopted.
Notwithstanding the Inclemency of the
weather Odd F«-llow«' Hall was packed
to the doors Thursday evening. January
8, the occasion being the ninth musk-ale
and hop of the McKenzie Musical So
ciety. The following excellent pro
: gramme was presented and thoroughly
I enjoyed by an appreciative aud
j "Lost Chord," arranged by McKenzie
! (SulMvnn). McKenzlo Musical S
! comic selections, Sheriff Richard I. Whe
i lan; (a) "Santa Lucia" (in Italian), (b)
j Hawaiian song, "Aloha Oe" <H. ft. H.
; Liliuokalani), McKensle Musical Society;
! "Love Me Evermore" (McKenzie), .Miss
I Anneta George; "Move t'p, Jnhr.son."
coon song (Cole), by general request, M 5-
Kenzie Musical Society; "Our National
; Guard," arranged by McKenzie from
I "Social Highwayman March," McKenzie
j Musical Society; (a) "Where Would I
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANTXABY 16, IS9B.
bored her studious husband were her
- ht.
Husband and wife slowly drifted
apart- Imperceptibly at first, th<-is
manifestly.
In 1886 Mr. Drayton decided to re
move his wife from the diversions and
entertainment of city life. He pur
d a place at Bernaxdville, N. J.
Mrs. Drayton vu suddenly taken
from the environments to which she
had always 1 a accustomed and
transplanted to the dreary confines of
bucolic • ' ' Tier husband wai
leal She was alone; she
was young and longed for diversion
and excitement.
Now loomed upon her horizon n
shadow no bipger than a man's hand,
lint destined to grow and assume pro
portions bo gigantic aa to dark* i
whole life. The Draytona had a neigh
bor, youne, athletic and lively—Hal
lett Alsopp Borrowe. Young Boi
came family, was a Columbia
man, had self-assurance and a certain
amount of swapper. II- and Mrs.
Drayt n t-. •■ 'ii became friends. Gossip
was rife with their names, and ill-na
tured rumors came to the ears of Mrs.
Drayton's husb
Scene succeeded scene In that quiet
Jersey home. Criminations and accu
sations were a matter of daily occur
Be" (Zollner), (b) "Bold Fisherman"
(Jenks), male chorus, McKenzie Musical
Society; (a) "Open Thy Window" (Grjeg),
(in "Swanee River" (Foster), lai
, Miss Anneta George, (In
Miss Kit! j U - . ml so- i
prano: Miss Linda Welisch, lirst alto;
Miss Mabel Buyer, second alto; "Q
of the Night" (Torry), Miss Minnie low.
ell; "Winter Lullaby." arranged by Mc-
Kenzie (Dv Koven), McKenzie Mv
; "My Darling" (Tostl), J. 11.I 1 .
Grodjens; "Miserere Bcei .' "Trova
(Verdi), Miss A. George and !■".
Baun
The Filbert Club gave their fourth an
ball at Washington Square Hall last
Saturday evening, January 8. The affair
. Ided success. The ball was
handsomely decorated, tho principal col
ors being red. white and blue.
grand march was le.i by the j't Bid
K. Lyons, and Miss Nellie O'Brien. L.
y^ii.'ig and William Jeffries distri
the souvenirs. Midnight witnessed t Im
parting of the guests, who had l
the evening most delightfully.
< 'lie of the m< fui affairs yet
held by the Winter Cotillon was that giv
en on Friday evening last at Lunt's Hall.
It was the second assembly of th<
n and nearly the entire mem
b. rship were in attendance. George E.
Bennett led, assisted by the following
couples in the leading set: Dr. B
O'Connel and Miss Matie C. Hart, H. T.
Frost and Miss Mabel Church. C. A. Ju
dah and Miss Sadie Gardiner, Hugo Phil
lips and Miss Walsh, J. W. White and
Miss Mcßoyie, .1. M. Fletcher and Miss
Mac Miller, .1. M. Thomson and Miss Lil
lie, P. A. I'mtnp and Miss Beveridge. The
■ .- preceding and following the ger
r:i in was under the management of Rob
ert T. Legge. The next assembly of this
i i .:. will be on February 4.
The third grand annual reception and
■ • U I PCh Social ( "lub was
held on Saturday evening, January 1. in
Hewes Hall, at 997 Market street. Music
■ • ! i by the Monarch S
Club Hand, and dancing continued until
midnight.
Home Qatherings.
A very enjoyable and genuine surprise
was tendered Mr. and Mrs. Thomas M.
Dugan on Tuesday evening last at the
residence of Mr. and Mrs. P. Hogan,
1 1717 Hyde street. The young couple, who
are here on their honeymoon, were mar
ried in Los Angeles on the 29th ult.
Music and recitations occupied the ear
ly part or the evening, and at 10:39 a de
• renade, under the able direc
tion of Kmil Paultssen, was given. The
lans, after playing several appro
priate pieces, Including a wedding march,
were Invited Inside and furnished music
for the rest of the evening.
At midnight refreshments were served
and toasts offered.
Among those who aided In making the
surprise a success '■were: Mr. and Mr*, P.
Hogan, Mrs. E. Dugan, Mrs. A. W.
Evans, Ml— Fannie. Loretta and May
Hogan, Messrs. Emil Paulfssen . and
George Gardes; Miss Stella Pldgeon.
Mr. and" Mrs. A. J. Kasten entertained
a party on New Year's tvo at their resi
dence, 137',:: Fourteenth street. In honor
of their daughter. Miss Eunice Kasten.
The participants in the pleasant affair
were: Miss Carrie Senk. bubs Annie Tan
nian; Miss Kate Tannlan, Miss Norlne
Flahaven. Miss Margaret Sinclair, Miss
Lillian lnvy.-r, Miss Gertrude Stltts, Miss
Maze Daniels, Miss Lulu Lurch, Miss
Lillian Ford. Miss Alberta Gilbert, Miss
Mac Ward. Miss Ellis, Miss Gussle Jack
s'']!. Miss Lotty Kasten, Miss Eunice
Kasten, Thomas B. Hlllard, George A.
Brown, Francis M. Duncan. "William F.
Britt. J. Edward Brltt. F. E. Foote, H.
Zahn, 11. A. Malson, F. P. Scully, F. C.
Miller, R. Lyons, A. Wood, P. A. Dun
worth, George Cheeney. Charles Nounan,
Fred Swan, Mr. and Mrs. A. J. Kasten.
On Saturday evening, January .11,
Thomas F. Croon and Gus Castagnetto
Jointly celebrated the anniversary of their
birth at the home of Mrs. M. Bellew, 23
Glover street. Among those present were:
Mips Kittle Duffy. Mr. and Mrs. Eugene
Sullivan, Miss Mac Wilson, Mrs. M. liel
lew. Misses Lizzie and Frances Devlne,
Miss Lizzie McGahan. Mies Tessie Rock.
Miss Mollie Martin. Miss Wllhelmina Ben
son. Miss Henrietta Mr-ad, Mrs. Santiago
Silva, Miss Addle Silva, Miss Zclla Bour
quln. Miss Minnie Campbell, Miss Ella
Estes, Miss Eva Donovan. Thomas F.
rence. Rumor had a hundred tongu°s,
and It soon became bout In so
ciety that the Drayt as. were getting
on badly indeed.
>Ut this time Mrs. Drayton left
lvr husband's house in Bernardsville,
.•tit to her father's home at
Rhinebeck, where she remained
era! weeks. Mrs. Astor was greatly
perturbed at this step and lost no time
in trying to bring the Draytons to
gether.
A peace was at last patched up and
after spending a few weeks together
in New York the Draytoas sailed for
England, taking their four chi
with them. They took apartments in
London for the season, where they
lived nominally together. But Mr.
1 >rayton. it Is said, I
this time with Icy reserve. He Bpent
as little time as possible with her,
r accompanied her to any public
■ of amu- r assisted her
in the performance of her social obli
ns.
The next chapter in this story hinges
on the a] of Hallett Alsopp
Borrowe in London.
■ morning two countries rang with
a wretched Btory. A woman's name
was on .very Bcai dal loving lip In New
York and London. A husband
d the friend of his wif»- to light
Croon, r.us Castagnetto. S. Brlzzolarl,
Dave Stapleton. V< rnal Stone, Herman T.
Schmidt, James AY. Merrill. C. Solceda,
Professor P. PiccirlHo, Theodore Nodorer,
Dan Gulick. 2 >
A pleasant reception was tendered to
Nicholas de Martini Sunday evening at
the residence of his father, 1133 Pacitic
street, prior to his departure for the
mines.
The evening was agreeably spent in
music, after which a light repast was
served. Many toasts were offered. Among
those present were: Miss Julia Castiglini,
Mies Llllle Hi innlni, Miss Kathj Salmon,
Miss Josie de Martini. Mrs. Baldo | i. Mrs.
William 11. Kennedy. Mr. and Mrs. Lou
Anderson. Mr. and Mrs. William Brown,
Emilio Glanninl, Joseph Castiglinl.
A surprise party was tendered to Mr.
and Mrs. Newman .'it their residence.
Twenty-first and Harrison streets, Thurs
day evening. The parlors were beauti
fully decorated with ferns and evergreens.
The evening was spent in games and
dancing. Among those present were:
Mr. and Mr.«. A. Newman. Mr. and Mrs.
James McManus; Mr. and Mrs. Horace
Jackson; Mr. and Mrs. Philip Palllen, Mr.
and Mrs. Captain Taylor. Mr. and Mrs.
Jacobson. Mi.*s Maggie McManus, Annie
Lally.- Kim. Murphy, Oracle Jackson,
Mac Murphy. Josie Murphy, Annie Lahey,
Mary Ann McCarthy.
Mr. and Mrs. i ■:. A. Rathbun gave, a din
ner party on Now Year's evening at their
residence, W2 Wood street, Oakland, in
honor of Miss Christine P. Wilson. The
dining-room was tastefully decor
with holly berries and Bowers of the sea
son. Some excellent music, songs and
recitations were rendered by «'. C Her
bert and Findlay Campbell. Among those
present were: Mrs. Ira Porter. Mr. and
Mrs. Herman Hofrman. Mrs. Bell, Miss
Bell, J. Sinclair, Conrad Bell and Mr.
M oiler.
Dr. Henry Trask gave a dinner party
on Sunday to a number of friends at the
private boarding house of Mrs. C. Shirck,
I street. Campbell. Among
Mis. Ira Porter, Mr. and
Herman Hoffman, Mrs. Bell. M -
. J. Sinclair, Conrad Bell and Mr.
cr.
. H-nry Tr.nsk pave a dinnrr party
. to a number of friends at the
.- bOUM cf Mr.-. •
l'nyt. street.
A very enjoyable surprise party was
given to Mr. and Mrs. Hansen at their
residence, y3O York street, on Saturday
evening, January 8. Music, dancing and
games were the principal features of the
evening. Supper was served at mid
night. Among those present were: Mr.
and Mrs. llansen, Mr. and Mrs. Mitchell,
Mr. and Mrs. Smith. Mr. and Mrs. Smith,
Mr. and Mrs. Borree, Mr. and Mrs. Wil
son, Mr. and Mrs. Windt. Mr. and Mrs.
Heller, Mr. and Mrs. Matklns. Miss J.
McAdams. Miss A. Keller, Miss M.
Mitchell, Miss C. Sorensen. Miss M. Bur
ress. Miss M. Hegernund, Miss a. Peetze,
Miss N. Wilson, Miss A. Nansen, Miss 11.
Keller, Miss A. Lorenze.
A very pleasant New Year party was
given Miss Lillio Johnson Saturday
evening, January S, at her residence, 824
Lombard street. A delightful evening
was spent singing, dancing and playing
games. Delicate ■ refreshments were
ins;, January s, at b< r resl ;
ibard street. A delightful evening
spent sliiKinc, dan<'inK and playing
refreshments were
served between the dances. Among those
present were: Miss Annie Boyson, Miss
Helen Furs; Miss Annie Adams, Mis 3
Carrie Ulmer, Miss Marie Kugulberg,
Miss Ethel Day, Miss Caroline Wriner,
Miss Hattie Baker, Miss Doris Huer,
Miss Lfllie Johnson, Eddie Boyson, Er
nest Furst, Mr. Plambeck. Mr. Fitzger
ald, Leo McMahon, Mr. Albert Grey, Mr.
Kugulberg.
A very enjoyable musicale was given by
Miss Emma McKee at her residence, 260
Elizabeth street, on Thursday evening, at
which she was ably assisted by >cr young
pupils. The house was beautifully dec
orated with ferns and evergreens for the
occasion. The following programme was
presented: Piano solo. Miss May Ken
nard; vocal solo. Miss Annie McKee;
piano solo. Miss Emma Wittkopp; piano
solo. Miss Llllle McKee; vocal solo. Miss
Lizzie Chesney; guitar «010. James R. was
tented: Piano solo, Miss May
1; vocal soli.. Miss Annie McK.ee;
10 5., i,,, mss Bmma Wittkopp
. Miss Ltllle McKce; vocal
lie I'hesiu-N-: guitar solo. James i:
Kee; vocal solo. Miss Kate Sheridan; vo
cal solo, Tom W. McKee; piano solo, John
S. McKee; vocal duet. Mrs. -anes Mc-
Kee and Miss Emma McKee; piano solo,
Miss Mac McNellL
A most enjoyable party was tendered to
Miss Jessica Nuner of San Andreas by
Miss Lena Gordon on Sunday evening at
her home, 654 Minna street. Those present
were: Miss Jessica Nuner, Miss Lena Gor
don. Miss Theresa Goldmver. Miss Hat
tie Jarvis, Miss May McGrath, Mi«s Kato
Reynolds, Miss Tessie Fitzgerald, Miss
Mollie Gordon. Miss Amy Crouch, Miss
Birdie Fitzgerald, Miss Gertrude Haskell,
Miss Maud Clayton. Miss Stella Gordon.
Ia: Kitty &j.anley. Captain Vest. Frank
Miss Theresa Goldmver, Miss Hnt-
Tarvis, Miss May McOrath, Miss Kate
nolds. M.ss T.'ssie Fit«gerald,
lie Gordon. Miss Amy Crouch, Mis.s
lie Fitzg.-rald. Miss Gertrude Haskell,
- Maud Clayton, Miss Stella G
3 Kitty Baanley, Captain Vest. Frank
Filler. George Ahrens. Lieutenant v .larles
[i.id. Charlie T. Granz. Bert Adams,
Harry Clarkson. Dan Leavitt. Professor
D. Crow, Charlie Nlcnols of Chicago,
Tommy Kelley, Dr. Haydn Mozart Sim
mons, Professor Al Johnson and Will
Tucker.
A very pleasant surprise party was ten
dered to Mr. and Mrs. Georg-e Hanson, at
their residence, 930 York street, last Sat
urday evening. January 8. Music, singing
and dancing were the features of the
evening. A delicious supper was served
at midnight. Those present were Mr. and
him. The friend retorted with an ex-
After an Interminable amount of
bluster and bravado and babbling:,
which reflected no credit on any man
cted with the afi'air, all the par
ties concerned hurried bark to this
country, with th-^ exception of the
woman In the case.
In June, 1894, < "ieman Drayton sued
tlvorce from his wife on statutory
grounds. Six months later Mrs. Dray
ton brought a cross suit on the ground
esertlon.
The Aston are famous for shrewd
ness. While Coleman Drayton
dawdled his wife was busy. B
- suit rould come to trial and
while he hid only put in a general de
nial of his wife's charges, Mr?. 1 »ray
ushed hers, went to the witness
stand and recited the history of her
matrimonial troubles In a manner to
the sympathy of the court.
Mrs. Drayton won her suit. Mr.
■ in was .'-cored by the Chancellor
of N< ••'■ Jersey for allowing his suit to
go by default.
During all these dreadful episodes
Mrs. Drayton's mother stood by her as
• •nly a mother ran. Firmly believing
In her daughter's Innocence. Mrs. As
tor h 1 and supported her un
der these trying circumstances. And
Mrs. George Hanson. Mr. and Mrs. Con
rad Keller, Mr. mid Mrs. H. Mitchell. Mr.
and Mrs. Sam Smith, Mr. and Mrs. C
Wilson, Mr. and Mrs. George Nielson,
Mr. and Mrs. Samuel Wind, Mr. and Mrs.
Peter Schmidt, Mr. and Mrs. F. Watkins,
Mrs. S. T;i\lor.
A dance was eriven by the gentlemen to
the ladles of the Lenox, K2S Sutter street,
on the evening of January 8.
Del Monte.
DEL. MONTE, Jan. 15.— The hotel Is
quite full for this season, and, notwith
standing; the stormy weather of the past
week, the guests are enjoying much out
of door sport. Charles F. Knapp, who,
with his wife, is wintering here, is the
leading spirit in all pleasures of an
athletic character, and, wh,at with golf
and wheeling and shooting, succeeds in
enthusing all those about him. Mrs.
Knapp is also an expert golfer, and prob
ably the best player among the. ladies
here. ■ : -
There is fine duck shooting In this
neighborhood, and the visitors hero seem
to doubly enjoy the sport now that the
NEW TO-DAY.
■ ■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■■ ■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-
"Too much/—"a ltogether too much stock"— "how on earth are
we going to find room for what is coming?" That is the cry from
every department— that is the situation that faces us. To furnish
relief we are offering to buyers some great wholesale-price induce-
ments. We believe we mention below the right things and the right
prices for this week. They are Silk Stitched Linen Doilies, Scarfs,
Center Pieces and Tea Cloths, stamped with a great variety of pat-
terns, in the following sizes and at prices reduced one=third:
9x9— 3oc ; 11x11, 35c ; 16x16, 55c ; 22x22, 75c ; 30x30, $1.25; 35x36, $1.75;
18x36,81.05; 18x45, $1.25; 18x54, $1.50; 18x72, $2.00.
Stamped Honlton Doilies and Scarf s— Doilies, BxB— lsc; Scarfs, 18x45— 51.00.
l-javing the only Underwear Factory on trje Pacific
Coast, we are unusually well prepared to supply Heavy
KLONDIKE Underwear, Hosiery and Sweaters.
125-127=129-131 KEARNY STREET.
■
■
not only has Mrs. Drayton's mother be
lieved in her, but she has from the first
thunder-clap of disclosure been deter
mined to re-establish her daughter on
an enviable social footing.
John Jacob Astor has also stood by
his sister loyally. When her father cut
her off in his will her brother came for
ward at once and generously bo?; I
a million upon Mrs. Draytim. Fr. T.i
start to finish of this remarkable story
young Mr. Astor has apparently been
the only man amons the lot who takes
toward women that attitude of chiv-
airy and devotion for -which Americans
are noted.
For several years Mrs. Dray ton has
lived abroad, quietly and unostenta
tiously, biding: her time. She has
known what was her mother's dearest
ambition, and comprehending perfect
ly the amazing tact, patience and dip
lomacy back of it, has been quite con
tent to leave her future in Mrs. Astor's
hands.
Last summer Mrs. Astor made the
first attempt to carry society by storm
for her daughter. Mrs. Drayton visit
ed her mother at Newport and was
seen constantly driving with Mrs. As
tor.
It was well understood in Newport
society that any one who tabooed Mrs.
Drayton would be persona non grata
to the lady who has so long wielded
the scepter of leadership.
But Bociety was shy.
Mrs. Drayton was not received with
open arms in Newport. Mrs. Astor
gave a superb luncheon, to which the
"howling swells" were invited. Seve
ral people went, not knowing they were
to meet Mrs. Drayton.
It Ifl said that many were very In
dignant when they discovered that the
lady was receiving with her mother. In
deed it is even whispered that one or
air is full of frost. Fine specimens of
mallard and teal and a few canvasbacks
have been brought in during the week by
the enthusiastic sportsmen.
Thursday mnrniiiß & coaching party
consisting of Mrs. David Davis and the
Misses Davis of Oakland, 11. C. Perkins
and Miss G. W. Perkins of Morristown.
New Jersey, Miss Claire Whitmoyer ot
Pasadena find L. R Waller ot Blooms
burs Pa., went h round the v :
drive to the old Carmel Mission. The.
day was tine and bracingly cold, and the.
entire drive was greatly enjoyed by all.
This was the first coaching party of the
Dew year. _
The Raymond excursion from Boston
that is expected to arrive here about the
2>th will mark the real beginning of the
annual inllux of Eastern winter tourists,
although there have been many Eastern
people here for the pnst two months.
The orchestra will probably come down
from San Francisco before the close of
January to remain permanently.
Some of the past week's arrivals are:
Howard W. Bray, John Hammom
sco; Mrs. I. M. Camp, ■ :
New York; George H. Corey, San I
- E. Faw, Mrs. Samuel Bess
Miss Smith. San Francisco; B. J. Thomp
son and wife, New Westminster, B. C;
two very Important people left sudden
ly and in great anger.
Mrs. Astor was manifestly convinced
that the hour had not struck for her
gr.-at cefup. So this modern feminine'
Napoleon accepted tho repulse grace
fully and fell back with small loss.
But she was not conquered. Invin
cible and skillful, she at once set about
her plans for another campaign. Never
did she falter In her determination;
never did she lay down her weapons.
On December 17, 1897. Mrs. Astor's
forces were strengthened. Mrs. Cole-
man Drayton was married in St. Co
lumbia's Church, London, to George
Haig, a wealthy whisky merchant
Not more than thirty people were
present, but all fashionable and fam
ous. After a wedding trip to Paris
and Nice Mr. *and Mrs. Haig came to
New York.
Mrs. Astor decided that it was now
time to move on the enemy's works.
With masterly generalship she planned
a superb dinner for her daughter and
her new son-in-law.
To this dinner were bidden the most
exclusive of the inner circle of that so
ciety over which Mrs. Astor holds
sway.
P.ut it remained for Mrs. Astor to
forever settle her daughter's place in
her world through the tacit indorse
ment which unquestionably was given
to Mrs. Ha!g*B rentree, not alone by
the presence of the Bishop of the Dio
cese of New York, but also by that
of his wife.
So last week with music and flowers
and golden plate and glittering crystal,
wiU ripples of melodious laughter ami
soft murmurs of congratulation, with
all the gentle arts of peace, and with
out the sound of a single gun, Mrs.
Astor captured society for her daugh
ter, Mrs. Augusta Haig of London.
F. A. Pattee and wife, Los Angeles; Mrs.
J. J. Fouk, Rushville, Ind. ; Mrs. Simp
kins, San Francisco; Mrs. Kobert 1..
m, Biirilnpame; H. M. Van Dems
and Wife, Portland, Or.; R. C. McCor
mick and wife. Seattle; Mr. and Mrs. <'.
F. Spauldinp, East Orange, N. T. . Mr.
and Mrs. Herman Stanwood, San Fran
cisco; Thomas McNeely and wife, British
Columbia; Mrs. Horace L. Hill, Master
Horace T^. Hill San Francisco; Mrs. R.
H. Passmore, Minneapolis; Issac H. May
er and wife, Chicago; H. C. Perkins, New
.T<-rs.-y: Mrs. David Davis. Miss Sarah
Davis, Miss Davis. Oakland; Miss G. TV.
Perkins, Morristown, New Jersey; Miss
Ti. Claire Whitmoyer, Pasadena; L. E.
Waller, Bloomsburg, Pa.
Goronado.
CORONADO . t p-t^ 15.— Mrs. Perkins,
wife of Lleuter.-ii; Commander Perkins
of the IT. S. S. Monadnock, has returned
to again make her home at the hotel.
\V. I*. Kiee, a prominent business man
of Somerville, Mass., arrived on the 10th.
Continued on Page Twenty-five.SENORITA LAURA LOPEZ
The Woman Bull Fighter of Spain Is Now
Thrilling the People of Venezuela,.
SENORITA LAURA LOPEZhas
left Seville, Spain, to kill the
great, fierce bulls of Venezuela,
officiated the other day at
the Circo, before a tremendous
crowd, and the grace and fin
ish of her performance put to
shame the efforts of her male rivals.
Such an exhibition of woman's pluck
and skill Caracas had never before -wit
nessed. She is the idol of the hour.
Arriving: shortly after 3 o'clock, -we
had found ourselves among the first
who were clamorously anxious to gain
admission. Frantic efforts to reach the
box office, in which we were finally suc
cessful, secured us seats upon the
shady side of the arena at a cost of
bolivares each (about SO cents).
"We were seated at the left of the box
of the President and of the stand of
the National Military Band, which is
situated just above and in the rear of
the President's box. As fast as human
ity could crush Itself into a given space,
"the all" of Caracas Beemed beehiving
Into this palace of pastime. The grand
circle, which I learned stated 7000, was
quickly filled, and soon a surging mass
of humanity was struggling for the
I in the aisles and in. the
passages in the rear of the auditorium.
Our early arrival enabled us to thor
oughly appreciate the costumes of the
'. ere now rapidly filling
the boxes, and whose somber robes in
the early portion of the day had chal
lenged our more serious admiration.
The military band, which had now
arrived, saluted the assembled multi
tude with the national hymn. The ar
rival of each woman, attired in a rich
Parisian robe, as she took her seat In
a box, was greeted with rounds of ap
plause and approbation by the other
spectators, who by this time were thor
oughly in the amusement spirit. The
arrival of the Governor and party, who
occupied the box of the President, was
hailed with a salute from the band.
Promptly at 4 o'clock, at a signal
from the Governor, the trumpets of the
herald sounded. Two massive •
leading Into the arena were thrown
open as by magic, and the famous band
of Spanish bull fighters made a i
entrance, amid the deafening applause
of more than 8000 admirers, which com
\- drowned the salute of the mili
tary band.
A moment later the smiling: face of
a proud and haughty senorita "f
Spain was se<>n in the The
mighty roar of "Laura! Laura Lopez!"
Fho.ik the edifice to its foundai
she was, the heroine of the hour,
the idol of the populace, in the center
of an escort of picadors of as pood
material as romes from sunny Spain.
The names of P ronl and B
is in all parts of the world
the pastime of bull fighting is
practiced.
One more the bugle of the herald
Founded, and from somewhere a larp^
red bull came trotting into the ai
ornamented with a •
He Btood for a moment in the center of
SOCIETY.
Continued from Page Twenty-four.
accompanied by Mrs. Rice and children,
and will pass a few weeks here.
Mrs. Whiting, wife of Captain W. H.
Whiting of the U. S. S. Monadnock, ac
companied by her child and maid, ar
rived on the Queen on Sunday and will
pass the remainder of the season at Hotel
del Coronado.
Bemi-weekly rabbit chases on North
Island are a feature of this season's en
tertainment at tho beach.
Another golf contest will take place
here on Saturday.
Mr. and Mrs. Albert Madlener are out
from Chicago.
Mr. and Mrs. Richard H. Parker are
down from San Rafael.
Ex-Governor John P. Altgeld of Illinois
■was here for a few days this week;
Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Shaw, Chicago, are
at Coronado for another visit.
Carlton C. Crane and Herbert Fleish
hacker were San Francisco visitors here
over Sunday.
P. McG. Mcßean, San Francisco, has
been passing a few days here.
William L. Davis. Denver, Is again at.
the hotel, where his family are resident
guests.
Clay pigeon shooting is a popular sport
B.t Coronado this season.
H. Hayden Sands. New York, and Her
bert L,. Smith. Philadelphia, were out for
a four days' hunting and fishing expedi
tion with Captain Dunne the past week.
Their trip t< rminted with' a visit to the
Coronado Islands, from whence they re
turned with a boat load of fish.
Miss Flora Keithley has arrived from
Missouri to make her home with her
brother. Rev. George E. Kelthley of Gra
ham Memorial Church.
E. A. Cooper Is down from San Fran
cisco. '■" ■■-■■■
Torrey Everett Is a tourist from Coun
cil Bluffs. :-;•■■'-•
R. F. Allen, San Francisco, is regis
tered here.
Mr. and Mrs. Marion Conn, San Fran
cisco, spent Sunday at the hotel.
The guests assembled in the hotel par
lors on Wednesday evening to listen to
May Cook-Sharpe, a talented pianist, and
L. V. Pease, basso. It was one of the
■pleasantest musicals of the season.
C. L. Hopkins. San Francisco, regis
tered here last week.
T. W. Tetley, an experienced English
golfer, is coaching a number of Coronado
players.
Mrs. D. X.. Charlton arid Miss Delia
Pluger, Portland, Oregon, have been vis
iting here.
Miss Gammell and maid. .Newport, R.
1., and Miss Livingstone, New York, are
occupying a suite here. ' - V
J B. Shapleigh, Boston, and Dr. and
Mrs. A. L. Shapleigh, China, are recent
arrivals. _ .
Mr. and Mrs. A. T. Rowe, Roxbury,
Mass.; are visiting Coronado.
Lieutenant C. P. Elliot, U. S. A., has
again leased a residence on the Beach for
his family this year.
Miss Wetherbee of Fall River, Mass.,
has joined the Misses Dunham of Oak
land at the hotel. _•_ ■■ _1' -:-• ,
L. Rodman Smith, Rochester, N. V., is
a guest here.
Garner Turnbull, Baltimore, wan the
guest of Mrs. John C. Healy at her cot
tage on the Beach during the holidays.
W. O. Carpenter, a prominent Chicago
an, arrived during the week accompan
ied by Mi Carpenter and will pass the
winter here as usual.
Frank B. King was a recent visitor
from San Francisco..
T. 8. Lippy, one of the successful Klon
dike miners, is here from Seattle, accom
panied by Mrs. Lippy.
Mr. and Mrs. J. F. "Wetherbeo of Boa
ton are passing some time at the hotel.
Mr. and Mrs. R. D. Burnham, child and
maid an; tourists here from Campaign,
111.
Pawtucket, R. 1., is represented by Mr.
and Mrs. James Smith and Ilulda Cha3«
Smith.
H. D. Pillsbury and Miss E. R. Pills
bury are down from San Francisco, ac
companied by Miss E. Taylor of .Boston.
J. J. Brennan of Chicago Is staying
here.
Weddir\g ir\ Sacramsrvto.
BACRAMENTO, Jan. 15.— At the resi
dence of the bride's parents, 720 O street,
at 3 p. m. on December 25, William S.
Harbin and Sadie J. Maybery were united
In marriage, the Rev. Mr. Mir-l officiat
ing. Miss Daisy Maybery was bridesmaid
and Walter Franz best man. Only im
mediate members of both families were
present. The groom is a well-known
young man, doing business on X street.
the arena with eyes like balls i»f fire,
and with head elevated, quivering in
every nerve and fiber. Suddenly, amid
the thunder of applause, the "toro"
sighted the tantalizing object of a bright
colored cloak waved Invitingly for the
challenge. With a roar and lowering
his head, h<=> charged upon his ci
me dexterous picador quickly st
I as the now thoroughly en
: animal passed, he beheld another
was equally as adroit in avoid
ing his charge. The third had a very
ipe. and the multitude I
ly called for Potoco and the "bai
illas, and this gaudily attired Individ
ual at once pi | himself |
the enraged animal. The bull lost
time in charging: his new ;
only to receive the band^rillas in his i
neck.
Grasping the red mantle of a near- i
by picador, Potoco boldly advancd to
The bride is a daughter of Major C M
Maybery, the well-known military man
£i\ 7r\ % WOfl / lln dinner the young cou
ple left for the metropolis, where their
honeymoon was spent. On tl
w . Jear-a i
iffiKSLVSr! 11 * resldence ot Mr - ««
lr\ the Future.
The "Jolly Twelve" has sent out Invita
tions for a fourth anniversary party at
January S {s Uare Hallf Tuesda y evening.
'"The Cotillon of -PS" wfll give their In
itial party at Assembly Hall. 1412 Polk
: ->^, January 19
Following are the names of the
Robert Schord. R. E Tracv
W. Leathe. ft,
B. . Joseph P. I.avin
Haven. A. Ferguson. L. Goggir.s',
M. E. Schord, C. C. Niedlcher
personals.
Bessie Armer is visiting In Los
es.
Mrs. M. Oppenhelmer win receive the
first Monday and Miss Sadie Oppenheim
er the third Monday of each month at
the Hotel Miramar.
Adolphe Roos and his son, George H.
Roos, have left for the East, where they
will visit the large manufacturing cities.
Mrs. I. S. Green, formerly of 237 Sec
ond avenue, will be pleased to see her
friends at her new residence, 2623 Pine
street.
]>-.-. Agnes Hinspll has returned after
ing two years traveling through
out the East and British Colum)
Mr. and Mrs. L, B . n.j family
have moved from ItJIS Geary street to
1715 Ellis.
Dr. and Mrs. Herbert R. Smith are oc
■ g the flat of Mr. a W. G.
'/. Igler ai 1681 Page street during th
ter'fl absei i East Mr. and Mrs.
Zeigler left on Tuesday for New York,
taking In Cleveland, 0.. en route. '
l »r. Tillie Dittenhoefer has returned to
her home in this city, after having at
lectures of the different cllnlc-3
in the :
Mr. and Mrs. B. Frank Priest, who
were married in Santa Monica, Southern
California, on Wedi iarv B,
havo taken up tlnir home at 1618 Clay
street, a* ar Hyde, this city, ■
will be at their fri
January 15. Mr
most charming
and popular young ladies. Mr. Prli
a well-known and po n ifacturers'
agent in the wholesale '-.immunity.
RED CROSS FOUNDER
DYING IN POVERTY.
In Heiden workhouse, In the canton of
Appenzell, Switzerland, Henry Dunnant,
the founder of the International Red
Cross Society, Is passing the closing
hours of his useful life. His mind Is
impaired, and symptoms of insanity
have appeared, so that It Js doubtful
whether he will ever know that it was
to him that the International Medical
Congress, held at Moscow a few weeks
ago, unanimously awarded Its prize as
to "the man who has done the greatest
service to humanity and medicine In
the present age."
Some years ago an announcement of
Dunnant's destitute condition aroused
universal astonishment and painful
surprise, which were only set •■<■'
when a statement was published to the
that the Dowager Empress of j
Russia had settled upon him an annu
ity sufficiently large to enable him to
end his days in comfort and peace, j
Unfortunately these good intentions of i
the <"/-arina do not appear to have ma- j
tefialixed, or else the money which sh<*
intended for the founder of the .Red i
Cross has been diverted and misappro- J
priated by those intrusted with Its
transmission. This often happens in
Russia, and it is the exception rather
than the rule when a gift from any
member of the imperial house reaches j
its destination. — New York Tribune.
"Thou art fair, but thou art false,"
she sadly said. Then she laid her
blonde hair on the dressing-table.
TITE SAX FTCAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANTTARY IC>, IR9B.
within a few feet <>f the then Ftatlon
nry hull and nlowly shook the scarlet
mantle before his eyrs. Again charg
ing him, the bull received the cold Steel
to the very hilt between his shoulders,
and fell dead before his victor.
It had been a "lung thrust," and did
net meet the perfect approbation of the
audience. While pome cheered others
hissed. The band struck up a lively
piece and the dead bull was dr.
from the arena hurriediy by a pair of
mules, gorgeously caparisoned with
bright colored harness and curious
bra:^s mountings. Again the trumpet
sounded, and the second bull appeared
in the arena. This animal proved too
tame, and at the demand of the audi
ence was driven from the sc
The introduction of Senorita I.aura
Lopez as an espada was th.- event of
the occasion. All those 'who doubted
her ability to kill the large African bull
LATEST THINGS IN LINGERIE
LATEST THINGS IN LINGERIE.
IN days gone by our grandn: ■■•
to be satisfied with plain hems
and tucks In their underclothing, lit-
tle dreaming that two succeeding
generations would bring about a i
lution. to the effect that undercloth
or, as the French say, "lingerie"— w-uld
te of the most Importani I
thi- nineteenth century pin's ward
To some women the chemise is the
most important of undergarments,
while others never wear it. The latter
substitute the corset cover and short
underskirt. Never was there a more
elaborate display of chemises, however.
The newest styles are called the Dl
rectoire and Empire.
Th» Dire<-toire is square necked, with
f"ur bands of lace ins-Ttinu across the
front and a double frill illlng
the shoulders. An ample fu
of material Is gathered in at the
and hack. <in the bottom <>ftf t • i < » che
mise is a lace frill, while dell
'■.ilmcd ribbons are used in little I
front and back at the corners of the
yoke as finishing touches.
The Empire Is nit round necked, and
has a single frill of lace all around the
top; also at the arm hoi.'s. The body
or waist part, which sriv.-s it th» I
of Empire, is made <»f shirring and lace
I Is drawn in by a i
where ii j"ins the skirt portii n. The
bottom of the chemise 1= finished by a
deep rutlie inserting, and is lv.»- trim
med.
In the matter of corset covers the
French style is becoming very gener
ally adopted. It is made In one piece,
and the ribbons are so inserted around
the edge than It can be drawn together
at the bust. They are trimmed with
lace, inserting the ribbon to suit the
taste.' The other corset cover has sim
ply the double frill of lace around the
neck, and is made tight-fitting to the
form. Another Is made entirely of
lace and ribbons, lace inserting and
ribbon being used alternately. This cor
set coyer reaches to the moderately
low-cue neck and out over the Bhoul
HINTS FOR BUSY HOUSEWIVES
THE wise housekeeper Is the one who
is ever on the alert for the I
tions which shall help t.. make the
wheels of her house run smoothly.
To wash a glass from which milk has
been poured plunge first into cold
water before putting it into warm. The
same rule holds good with egg cups
or spoons from which eggs have been
eaten.
The quality of water may be tested |
by putting about a pint into a clear
glass bottle with a stopper. Add to
it a few grains of white lump sugar,
and expose the bottle in a light, warm
room for ten days. If the water then
has a thick or discolored appearance
it is impure and not fit for drinking
purposes. It is unwise to allow drink
ing water to run through lead pipes.
When fastening a glove always but
ton the second button first. This re
moves the strain from the wrist button.
Never pull at the finger ends when re
moving gloves. Draw them wrong side
out from, the wrist, and allow them to
remain until thoroughly cooled before
turning them again. Do not roll gloves
into a ball; always spread them out flat j
and draw the fingers into shape. Dark
gloves have the effect of diminishing
while light ones increase the apparent
size of the hand.
Coffee stains may be removed from
table linen by pouring boiling water
over the stained portions. Subsequent
washings in clear warm water with a
good laundry soap will completely
which had been specially imported for 1
this exhibition were pleasantly disap
pointed. She advanced to the center
of the arena. A hush ■till as death
fell over the multitude. All expected
that somi violent action was to take
place and many feared that her abil- !
ity to kill was wanting. I glanced at
her just as the crowd commenced to
call her name, and I noticed her face
blanched before the ordeal. Neverthe
less she showed no signs of fear as she
walked to the center of the arena and !
calmly awaited the first charge -* the
calmly awaited the flirst charge of the
bull. Armed only with a bright col- ;
ored cloak she advanced toward him
with a firm step. He charged the rag j
and she dexterously dodged his on- |
slaught.
This action brought forth a round of
applause and a call for the banderillas.
A male admirer handed down two
beautiful ones. They were taken to her
by Potoco, who, bowing to her as he
presented them, had just time to get a
short distance away before the bull
charged again, and received both ban- i
derillas well back in the neck, delivered
with great coolness and precision from
the hands of the woman.
Then the bull tore about the arena,
scattering the picadorea like partridges.
Running to the side, Laura Lopez re
ceived her sword and scarlet mantle
and was again on the aggressive. There
was a short space of silence as she
slowly raised her sword, the bull charg
ing as she did so straight for the cloth.
Her aim was true, but her strength
lacking. Although the flesh was pierc
ed the sword was wrenched from her
hands and carried several feet by the
bull in the wound she had inflicted be
fore it fell to the ground and was re
covered. Wild with delight at this sec
ond act the crowd fairly rained hats '
to the arm holes. It buttons up
the front with tiny pearl buttons and
. • • : ' mi of i
Twi ibrlc, lao 5 pet
■ ■
craft ' tie lower French flounce.
I by square tabs of lai
les, it has the usual un
derskirt ruffle of lace. The larper ruf
. red on the upp< r port
the skirt and finished by a small pip
ing of cambric.
The second skirt Is the more elabor
ate. The upper part of th French
llounce is a sequence of narrowed tucks,
.finished at the bottom with points
made of inserting: of laco, cambric
strips ami lace ruffling. The usual un
derskirt gives the offset to this piece
of lingerie, also©
The yoke nightdress has a wide band
of lace insertion starting at each shoul
der scam, which extends down to the
waist lino, where the body is drawn in
by a gathering string. A full fall of
lace surrounds the neck and cascades
down the front. The sleeves are shirred
at the elbows and tied by ribbons, while
the wrists end in ruffles of lace.
The second nightdress is of the sur
plus order, having a yoke of crosspieces
of lace inserting and cambric. Begin
ning at the shoulders a flounce of lace
extends in surplice fashion to the waist
line, where there is a bow of ribbon.
The sleeves of this pown are cut in a
surplice manner, and are edged by- full
■
in neckwear for ladi< • seve
ral ■>
fichus bid hi "h favor again. <>ne style
aiting of whit
illk, frayed at the edges, which is
to I"- thrown over the yh><-.
any dress front or chemisette which
may be d-sir- d, and ■ afln< d a I
waist with a fancy pin. The m
fichu i^i made of mousseltne
pale lemon color, atnd with
white In^e. It may bp w^rn in pur
fishion with either hi; T h or low
nefck, and I I ;ing to all
fa' .-s.
The propont rage for Roman neck
scarfs will continue through the winter
The payer the stripes the more popular
they seem to be.
eradicate the stains. Fruit stains may
i"- removed In the same way while
are fresh; if, howev< r. tin y are of
long standing soak them in sour milk
tor a day or two, then lay them on the
grass in the sun, having previously
■! some salt upon the spots; in a
oouple of hours the linen may i,
brought In, washed, scalded and hung
out to dry as free from Mernish as
when it was new. Ink stains may be
removed by the application of salts of
lemon, or salt and lemon juice, and ex
posure to the hot sun.
Dampen a very large and coarse
sponge and hang it by a cord in the in
f the window at the top. Sprinkle
it thoroughly with clover, !!ax or mus
tard seed, and very soon you will have
a pretty round mass of green. ]<>•.•}>
the window open as much as poa
and the sponge very wet. Should th<i^>
If any pare spots when the seeds be
gtn to Sprout, snrinkle the s;
analn. so that it may be altogether hid-.
den when the growth is completed. An
other novelty is a mat of >:i;..ss made
by cutting a pieco of liannel the ■
a largo, deep plate, placing it therein.
covering it with water and sprinkling
it In the same manner as the sponge,
it on a sunny window seat,
moisten frequently, and you will have
a pretty piece of green to gladden your
eyes.
If the garments to be mended are of
wool, take patches from woollen knit
goods or flannel, and instead of thread
and canes into the arena in their ex
citem . An they faced, and this
. all waited in breathless
th rushed. The sword
Irlven well home, the brute stag
gered, fell and waa immediately given
eath blow by a stroke back of the
head .with a dagger in the hands of a
picador. Bouquets ,hats and canes
covered the arena. Senorita Lopez
vanished In the confusion. The bull
fight was over.
It w::s 9 o'clock in the evening when
hed the theater. Directing my
attention tart to the ocenpanta of the
s, Imagine my surprise to see seat
ed In one of them the heroine of the
bull fight. There was Laura Lopez, the
r of a throng of admirers. She
had doffed the picturesque masculine
costume of velvet, gold and lace of the
"prima espada" which had won her so
much admiration In th>-> arena, and was
now attired in a magnificent creation.
I met her later at the hotel. On the
•wall of h"r room swung the sword
which earlier in the day she had used
so fearlessly and dexterously in the
arena. Turning to the smiling face erf
its fair owner, I was perplexed to con
found the one with th<> ether. A more
critical examination of the sword and
I observed engraved upon the blade,
near the hilt, the name "Laura Lopez,
Seville, Spain." observing that I was
reading the inscription, sh^ hastened to
remark that this sword had been pre
i t'< her at the time she had killed
her first "toro," in her native city, Se
ville.
"Then to-day was not your debut in
' I asked.
"Yes, on American soil." she replied.
Senorita Lopez is barely SO. She Is well
formed and muscular, and necessarily
as agile as a cat. Her face betrays no
brutal instincts. All Caracas insists
that she is beautiful.
us? fme woollen yarn to sew with.
When putting a patch on undergar
hosiery, cat away all Bhreda
' rt» that very thin
it the hole; then cut the hole
I)Ut ' ' rst-worn parts
to the linn. Btrong goods. Place tho
patch smoothly "ver th<- hole on the
wrong side of the garment, with the
prair. of tho patch cornerwise — that is,
\xith til.- threads of the patch running
•da; tht-n baste
it In place and cross-stitch down the
turn, and fasten the edge of
■ ' | itch either by cross
;■ carefully with short,
tltches, or by felling. A
put <m In this way will neither be
n<>r pull.
is spilled upon the kitchen
stove throw a handful of salt upon it.
and it win prevent any disagreeable
odor from arisli g. If you use an oil or
■ a box of sand near at
hand In case of an Sand will
-•■uish burning oil when water will
only increase the flames. inally
put si In your kitchen
; will not be annoyed by
clinkers. (.'loan your brooms and
liru 1 -- 1 : - i .-- 1 c washing in stroner
nia water, dipping them In and
out of the water until they seem clean.
Then dry .'is quickly as possible.
lr has been asserted by some scien
tists that the bead of the bed should
be placed to the north, so that the po
lar current may strike vertically
through the body toward the feet;
others advocate a very low pillow, al
lowing the nock to remain unbent.
Many people, however, prefer a more
upright attitude during sleep, and
from Insomnia even
r as to have the spring mattress
slightly elevated at the top, so as to
form a low Inclined plane. The correct
position to assume while seeking fMeep
is on the right side. espe* tally after
be breathing should be done
through tl ■nd the mouth kept
shut if possible.
Delicate laces or finely embroidered
i handkerchiefs should never he
to the laundry nor placed in the
family wash, b 1 carefully by
their owners. Place the soiled pikers
of lace in a bowlful of warm suds made
from v.r soap, and allow
them to remain over night; the next
morning squeeze each piece dry in your
hands, and place them in another bowl
uds; move them about, gently
squeeze them as free from the suds as
: and rinse them in clear warm
water. Take a tablespoonful of white
gum-arabic and dissolve it in a pint of
boiling water, and when it is almost
cool dip the lace or handkerchiefs in it;
Iry, shake gently and spread
them upon a piece of glass, flattening
out all the leaves and embroidered
When they are quite dry re
e them from the glass.
To prevent the wick <>f a candle from
smoldering hold it higher than the
mouth When blowing it out, and blow
upward. If lamp wicks are soaked
thoroughly in vinegar before being
used they will not smoke.
Two ounces of spirits of camphor,
two ounces of ammonia, a cup and a
half of sea salt and two cups of alco
hol form a good se&Silve with which to
the body when one is
fatigued. POUT these ingredients into a
quart botilo and fill it with boiling
water. This sedative la exceedingly
soothing and restful, and soon Induces
p if the person imme
diately lies down.
Select a large, wfde-rnouthed stone
y>v. and fill it to the depth of four
Inches with slaked lime: then fill the
jar with deal water, shako once or
twice and allow it to Stand for twenty
four hours; then strain through a piece
of cheesecl< th. i'eiir into a bottle, cork
and set away in a cool place until need
ed. You may continue to pour water in
the jar and proceed as before until all
the lime has been absorbed.
When overcome by bodily fatigue or
exhausted by brafn labor no stimulant,
lied, serves so well the purpose of
hment and rest, both bodily and
mentally, as milk. When heated as hot
■ • can readily take it it may be
sipped slowly from a tumbler, and as it
ily digested one feels very soon its
NEW TO-DAY.
-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■-■
Another Great Bargain Week I
■ ' Q
A I~TI OTTT3 ' 2
-"- ■*• *— ' -t^* ■'■ f Q
SACRIFICE SALE :
OF . • ■
I
Goods Delayed in Transit I
In presenting a few examples of the STRIKING BAR- ■
GAINS with which we open the second week of our Great n
Sacrifice Sale of the Immense shipment of goods delated In B
transit we cannot too stronglu emphasize the fact that OUR i
OFFERINGS ARE NOT THE ORDINARY OUT-OF-SEASON T
CLEARANCE SALE GOODS, hut NEW, FRESH, CLEAN, UP- J
TO-DATE PRODUCTIONS from the best manufacturers, ■
which have been MARKED REGARDLESS OF SACRIFICE ■
TO FORCE THEM OUT IMMEDIATELY ?
■
CLOAK DEPARTMENT ! I
0
LADIES' TAN MIXED COVERT CLOTH JACKETS, fly fronts, CQ j=Z(\ |
star collar, regular value $5. SALE PRICE * ' 6i " u m
LADIES' JACKETS In two-tone Boucle Cloth, fly fronts, star col- I
lar, silk cord ornament in front, regular value $7 50. SALE CO OCt ■
PRICE : <PO.€7tJ |
LADIES' JACKETS In Tan Kerseys and Coverts or Black or T
Blue Boucle Cloths, fly fronts, new collars, regular value 59 CA QR ±
SALE PRICE €J>-|-»€7O ■
LADIES' RUSSIAN BLOUSE JACKETS In Bouclo or Covert m
Cloth, velvet piped collar and belt, regular value $9. SALE <CPt Aft T
PRICE €ptr»\J\J I
LADIES' TAN KERSEY CLOTH JACKETS, dark and light !
shade, fly fronts, half silk lined, star collar, triple silk cord or- Gi*7 £\f\ ■
nament on front, regular value $12. SALE PRICE ....: * »kj\j |
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, silk lined, richly braided, fur edging on CO JLHZ W
collar and fronts, regular value $7 50. SALE PRICE t?O«^TCJ ;
LADIES' BLACK ASTRAKHAN CLOTH CAPES, lined with |
silk serge, collar and fronts edged with marten fur, regular <JiQ KA n
value $0. SALE PRICE OO.OU ■
LADIES' PLUSH CAPES, lined with silk serge, elaborately bead- B
ed fronts and collar edged with Thibet fur, regular value $9. Cr « CkPZ I
SALE PRICE «I>^-«O«J g
LADIES' NOVELTY SUITS in two-tone effects, blouse waists '
lined, boned and trimmed with silk revers, collar and cuffs of ™
silk to match, skirts lined and velvet bound, regular value $9. <£ » OK I
SALE PRICE tJ>Tr»*JO ■
LADIES' FIGURED S~ILK DRESS SKIRTS in assorted patterns. )-
full width, double lined and bound, regular value $8 50. SALE Crcr r\r\ '
PRICE ?><t).UU B
; , I
ff^ 3 See Chronicle and Examiner for bargains from other departments. H
— — — — — 1
s
{/{/ Murphy Building:. f \ {/[/ Murphy Building', J ■
Market anil Jones Streets. Market anA Jones Streets. 4"
beneficial effects. Few persons real
ize the stimulating qualities of this
simple beverage.
The density of eggs decreases as they
grow old. If a new-laid egg is placed
in a pint of water into which two
ounces of salt are dissolved it will im
mediately fall to the bottom. One laid
the previous day will float a short dis
tanco from the bottom. An egg three
days old will remain half way down the
vessel containing the liquid, and a still
older one will float on top. The surface
of fresh eggs is like lime, that of stale
eggs has a glossy appearance.
If you have a Btrip of fine fur and
know not what else to do with it, work
it in as a vest to your best street gown,
or a pair of cuffs, as fur cuffs and
vests are counted as very smart. It
takes a long purse to afford a whole
fur Jacket, but a smart little vest, col
lars and cuffs are luxuries within
reach of the many.
A subdued shade of peacock blue,
plum color and olive green, with black,
of course, are announced as the colors
under which flesh seems least ostenta
tious, while WedgAvood blue, pale
gray and almost any shade of red are
to be avoided sedulously. Mauve and
the higher tints of green are the two
colors that, in decoration about the
throat and shoulders are especially
helpful in diminishing the effect of
flesh.
There Is perhaps no other city in the
world which spends as much money
on little, useless frivolities as Paris.
There are no women in the world who
surround, smother and burden them
selves with the amount or number of
toilet accessories as the French
women. A stranger walking through
one of the big department stores like
the Bon Marche will be struck forcibly
with this fact. They will see there a
thousand gaudy— l nearly said tawdry
— things, the use of half of which they
cannot even divine. They are all color
and paste and feathers and rags, silks
and fringe and linen and lace, mock
jewels and brushes and combs and po
mades, perfumes and savons and pow
ders "and braids, until the head turns
giddy and the heart sick with the
sights and the sounds.
If a woman undertook to make prac- I
tlcal use of all these devices, from her |
bath out to the putting on of the last j
scrap of lace or knot of ribbon, she !
would be obliged to give up all her
time to it and would need several
maids besides. She would have no time
left for the cultivation of her mind,
or for earning a living:, par example,
say nothing of having Christmas days
and other days to give to making j
others happy.
To begin with the morning ablu
tions. There are at least a aozen sorts
of washrags of different web and
weave, for various times of day and
for the separate members of the body.
Then the decoctions to be put Auto the
water are practically limitless — chemi
cals to make it soft, antiseptics, bags
of medicinal herbs, powders and per
fumes. Afterward come a line of po
made? and perfumes and rice powders,
etc. For the hair, for the teeth, for
the feet and for the hands there are
special and branch treatments, each
a master treatise in itself and requir
ing a kit of tools and an expert work
man.
The French woman has more kinds
of combs and crimpers and hair orna
ments for her hair than her American
cousin has ever dreamed of. These
things form a display in the big shops
worthy of space at the exposition of
1900.
Under the general head of collars
and neck ornaments comes a list of
articles long enough to fill a catalogue.
It is, in fact, in her neck ornaments
especially that the French woman can
always be distinguished wherever she
is. And if a man here were in doubt
what to buy a woman for a Christmas
present he could safely buy some one
of the thousand concoctions of ribbons
and silk and lace and not make a mis
take, that Is, if the woman was
French. The American woman doesn't
take so kindly, especially at first, to
.Marie Antoinette fichus, collarettes of
accordion-plaited silk and fluffy af
fairs of ribbon and lace. She wears her
street gowns plain, with perhaps a
brocade at the throat or a plain linen
collar and a bow. And her matinee
gowns are made with fancy collars, so
she has no need for these extra chemi
zettes of lace which slip and slide from
place to place.
A French woman always wears a bit
of lace linked about her throat some
where. If it is not in her dress she
will put it inside the collar of her
cloak or cape, with a bright piece of
ribbon or velvet. Just now feather
boas of all colors, real or imaginary,
are being much worn. A color to
match the dress or the hat is consid
ered chic. They are worn long or
short, generally in accordance with
the pocketbook of the owner.
WOMAN'S WORLD.
Mrs. Vinnie Roam Hoxie enjoys the
enviable reputation of pre-eminence
among women sculptors of this coun
try. Her statues of Lincoln and Far
ragut will always be treasured by the
Ainf-rir-an people as of priceless value.
Sini" h*T marriage Mrs. Hoxie has not
modeled for money, but only for sweet
charity's sake.
The press women of Louisiana are
generously recognized by their brothers
of the fourth estate. At the annual
meeting of the New Orleans Press Club,
recently held, it was voted to admit
women to membership.
Miss Minnie Powers of Lockport,
N. V., is eight feet in height, lackingone
inch. She Is the tallest woman in the
United States, and is handsome in
spite of her abnormal proportions.
Mrs. Jennie June Croly, known all over
the United States as a writer and
worker in woman's clubs, has been ap
pointed an inspector of public schools
for a term of five years by Mayor
Strong of New York.
Miss Harriet M. Kent is State secre
tary of the Liberal party of Pennsyl
vania, the first woman to hold such
office in that State.
Mrs. Louisa Sebru of Fayette, Mo., is
said to bt? the oldest representative of
the postal service in this country. She
held office in 1812.
The beautiful home where Mrs. Jes
sie Benton Fremont resides was pre
sented to her by the ladies of Los An
geles as a token of their tender regard.
Congress, also, in recognition of Gen
eral Fremont's valued services, has
granted her a pension of $2000 a year.
The Empress Eugenic has always
carefully preserved a small piece of her
wedding dress and orange-blossom
wreath. Her wedding ring, as is the
custom in France, is made in two por
tions which close together \ tightly.
■\Yhen unjointed, on one is found the
name of the bride, on the other the
name of the bridegroom.
Ellen Nussey. a lifelong and dearly
beloved friend of Charlotte Bronte, has
just died in England at the age of 83.
She is supposed to have been the orig
inal of Caroline Helstone in the novel
• of "Shirley."
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J.Xoonan, 1017-1023 Mission.
2526
CRUISE OF THE CALIFORNIA.
XSynopsls of rr<Tf-<l,nK chapters: Binnie has
been carried off, a captive, by the chief of
the Skull Hunters. Kemona, the Austra
lian "bashman," who was one of the crew
of the yacht California, is following Bin
nie, at a safe distance, hoping to rescue
him. At the same time the California, hav
ing on board a native enemy of the chief
- of the Skull Hunters as a guide. Is on the
•way to carry war into the country of the
Skull Hunters, which lies along the banks
. of the Marwise River and in the Skull
- Mountains.]
CHAPTER XII.
"Faster," said the chief of the Skull
Hunters.
At the v.-ord his black followers
quickened their pace into a dog trot,
•dragging their captive with them.
31nnie was fastened by a stout thong
(to a native chief, who had been treach
erously made a prisoner by Grhoor
■Ghee-Tee. Th<--«.- two were at the head
of a long line of prisoners who were
tied together tun by two. Slaves of
Ghoor-Ghee-Tee beat them with rods
to hasten their steps.
All night they had marched through
a dease forest, wading thr>'Ugh streams,
climbing over the trunks of fallen
and o-ver bouldt-rs, falling often in the
darkness, but ever urged on by the
voice of Ghoor-Ghee-Tee and by the
Mows dealt by the slaves. Tmringit all
not a cry was uttered by any of the
eavage captives. PJinnie was as brave
and stoical as they and gained the
favor of the native chi^f, to whom he
"was tied, by helping him to rise when
he had fallen and one of his feet was
fast between r<-<'ks. For this Binnie
Teceived several blows because he
stopped, but he bore them without
flinching.
Often, as they crossed streams, they
■wakened crocodiles that were Bleeping
in the mud. once a crocodile snapped
Its Jaws close to Binnie, but the spear
of a slave was thrust into the monster's
throat with the speed of a flash. Pois
onous Berpents were surprised in the
forest and crawler] away hissing. Still
•the march was kept on. Now the Skull
Hunters and the prisoners reached the
Fummit of a hill and the slaves beat,
the prisoners until they ran at the top
of their speed. The night was almost
gone. Ahead was an open, rolling
plain. Ghoor-Ghee-Tee wished to cross
this and enter the forest that lay be
yond before day, for he feared that the
■white men might be pursuing and see
his party in the open.
There was no white man near. But
as Ghoor-Ghee-Tee came into the open
a blaok man nimbly climbed a tall tree
that stood beside the newly made trail
and. screened by the branches, looked
■with keen eyes, in silence, across the
plain. Kemona was counting the sav
ages. There were between fifty and
sixty, including the savage prisoners
and Binnie. The captors and captives
•were about evenly divided.
"Good." said Kemona, "it will not be
a desperate chance to rescue Binnie if
the other prisoners will fight. Let me
Bee how my arsenal gets along."
He drew to view a big war club,
■with which, on the cruise of the Cali
fornia, he had amused himself, hollow
ing It out in places and neatly fitting
hack the outside, so- that the club seem
od to be solid. From the secret places
he drew forth four revolvers, which he
carefully examined.
"They are all ricrht," he said, "and
so is the ammunition. Two pistols for
Binnie and two for Kemona and plenty
of cartridges for that party. But how
is my knife?" Kemona gave another
BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
proof of his Ingenuity by unscrewing
the small end of the club and pulling
out a long knife that had a blade like
a razor's edge.
"It Is all right," said Kemona, "the
knife will cut the ropes and may come
handy for other use. We are not as
helpless as we seem, although there are
only two of us. Now, I will just take a
little nap in this tree and not show my-
S'-lf." i^i saying, the Australian fas
tened his precious club to a "branch,
picked out two limbs to lie upon and
slept until the sun was far toward the
close of the day.
\\'h*-n Kemona again started to fol
low the trail he ran across the open
plain like a deer. Plunging into the
f<-r< st on the other side, he still made
rapid headway. No Mohawk Indian
could have traced his game more cer
tainly, when chasing bears or wolves,
than Kemona now showed. He was
never at a loss. Mile after mile he ran,
and he looked pleased, for he knew that
while (;hnor-i;hee-Tee might run all
one night and the next day, he must
stop that nieht somewhere.
"So to-night." he said. "I will save
Binnie or all will be lost."
Just at dark Kemrma came to a
broad, swift stream, which Ghoor-Ghee-
T"e and his slaves and captives had
crossed.
"This ptrpnm," said Kemona, "flows
to the ICarwise. I will take my chance
floating down with it."
With his sharp knife he vigorously
attacked a log- which lay near the edge
nf thr> Btream and soon hollowed out
the middle (ft it so that It would se
curely h<ild his war dub and its con
tents. Then he Found some bet'i lei
and ground nuts, which he ate eager
ly, fur he was very hungry. He finish
ed his meal with a drink of water from
the stream and then lay down and
waited until darkness came. He th^n
pushed his log- out from the bank and
drifted down with the stream.
Faster and faster ran the water Rnd
Kemona thouerht that he was ap
proaching rapids. Another stream
joined with the one on which he was
floating and the two made quite a
river. The roar of rushing water? came
to Kemona's ears.
"Not rapids, but a waterfall," he
muttered to himself.
"With great difficulty he managed to
reach one bank of the river, where the
stream sharply turned. At once he
hauled his log up on the bank and be
iran to look about. The dull sound of
the falling water told him that the
waterfall was high. He could feel the
earth trembl<- under his feet.
"Through the forest then," he paid.
He found out that the foresi could
not be penetrated. Thorn bushes of
great size, armed with spikes as dan
gerous as bayonets, stood close to
gether up and down th« river banks
for miles and made a barrier through
which nothing but a snake could pass.
To leap an unknown waterfall in the
dark! Possibly to be torn to pieces on
sharp jagged stones, amid the rushing
Und strangling waters! Perhaps, after
all, to be able to safely pass over the
waterfall and the dizzy whirlpool be
low, only to be disabled in sight if the
camp where Binnie was, and so unable
to rescue him after all! Be it to the
credit of Kemona that this thought
troubled him more than the danger.
('limbing a tree close to the edge of
the river Kemona saw that which de
cided him to go on, whatever the peril
might be.
THE BUMPKINS RIDING TO A HOT FINISH ON THE BACKS OF THE PARK DONKEYS.
THE SAN FBAJNCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, J A .XT' ART 16, 1899.
Far below gleamed the light of a
camp fire. Around it were dancing
dusky savages, waving clubs and a<t-
Ing ferociously. Had Ghoor-Ghee-Tee
brought his captives here to kill them
and take possession of their skulls":
Was Blnnie In immediate danger? Be
low was the roaring river, breaking
•white and threatening on the bowlders
in its course. Above the sound of the
river was the booming of the waterfall,
rising like the noise of a great battle
( f artillery. Hut not one instant more
Kemona hesitated.
The river waves raced by Kemona
like white-maned war horses as he
once more plunged in with his log. The
dusky forest trees on the river banks
looked like huge, black giants and
seemed to rush madly by as the water
bore him on faster and faster. The
log struck v with terrific force against
bowlders, whirled dizzily around and
around, and then swept on again like
a doomed ship going into the breakers.
Such shocks nearly stunned the Aus
tralian, but he held on. Other logs
i by him. grazing his feet and
hands and threatening to strike him off
ititn the water; the bowlders tore his
lirsh. Faithful through all he held on
and disdained to try to swim ashore
and save himself. He -would get to
; Binnie or die.
The thundor of the waterfall grew
deafening. The log glided ov<
stretch of smooth, glistening water
and th^n gave a fearful, sickening
leap down, down, down, surrounded
by flying, blindine foam, down — seem
ingly to the middle of the earth. A
black Bpot ir the whirlpool below th*>
mierhty fall darted here and there, was
raised on hi- ' waves and sank below
them. Finally, throutrh a channel
strewn with rocks, the black spot was
floated Into smooth water below. It
drifted rapidly down past the camp
of the savages. It was the lop with
Kemona, weak and half drowned,
clinging desperately to it.
An hour's rest on shore and Kemo
na was himself again. Taking in hand
his war club he walked carefully to
ward the camp
"Now to rescue Binnie," he said to
himself. It must be done to-night.
c cannot be more dan
gerous than th^ waterfall. D. H. \V.
(To be Continued.)
SURPRISED
BY A BABY.
Jehnnie Is a dear little boy who has
\ t'.ir rf his four short years of
life out on a big ranch with his father
and mother. There has always been a
Chinese servant in the kitchen to help
his mother, and one or two men about
to help h:s father, but there have never
been any neighbors to come in and be
sociable evenings, and Johnnie has bad
no little boys and girls to play with
at all. When he was three years old
one of the men who worked for his
father before, came back, and brought
With him a pretty puppy with black,
curly hair and big bro-wn eyes, and
gave him to the lonely littl" boy, and
from that moment Johnnie and Star —
for that was the name that he gave
his pct — became almost inseparable.
Star grew much faster than his small
master did, and was soon so- large that
lUld not manage him at all except
by coaxing (which is really the best
way to manage anyone when you come
to think of it), but the two were the
very best of friends, and were together
almost every moment of the time that
Johnnie was awake. Indeed, when, in
the long, hot summer days the little
boy, tired with play and with running
about, would fall asleep in the shade
of the porch, he was pretty sun- to
have Star's shaggy side for a pillow,
and Star's eyes would come open with
a snap, and he would growl most sav
agely, if anyone came near to disturb
their mutual slumbers.
The big dog had been Johnnies con
stant companion and playmate and
faithful friend for a whole long twelve
month when some news came from the
Fast that made the grown people of
the family very happy indeed. John
nies aunt, Annie, wrote to them say
ing that her husband and she had de
cided to come to California and take
up a near-by claim which Johnnies
father had written them about. John
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER
nies mamma was so pleased when she
read the letter that she cried, but
there was something in it that she ,ij,i
not understand, for her sister said that
she was going to bring a "surprise"
«l<>ng with her which she was sure
would delight them all; and what that
surprise was to be kept them busy
guessing, until the time actually came
for Johnnies father to take the big
ranch wagon and go down to the near
est town after the new-comers.
It took him a whole day to po and
another to come back. and. because of
the load that he broupht, the coming-
KEMONA, TO SAVE BINNIE'S LIFE, MAKES A FEARFUL PLUNGE OVER A WATERFALL
UPON A LOG.
back day was a very long one indeed,
so long that although Johnnie tried his
bent to keep awake, ha fell asleep and
never knew a thing about his visitors
until the next morning. Then, when
he came in from his usual morning run
with Star, the door of the Fitting-room,
which had been turned into a bedroom
for the time being* was open and a
strange young man and woman called
him inside and kissed him and praised
Star until Johnnie thought that an
uncle and aunt were very nice things
to have indeed.
Presently his mother and father came
In, too, and then as Johnnie sat in his
aunt's lap it occurred to him to ask
about that wonderful something about
which he had been puzzling his curly
head for weeks.
Everybody laughed when he asked
the timid question, but his aunt put
him down and went over to the bed.
She took a bundle out of it and came
and sat down again and began to un
wrap it, while Star and Johnnie stood
and watched her with silent curiosity.
And such a queer thing as it was which
she uncovered! Johnnie was a pretty
brave little boy for his size, but he had
never in his life seen anything which
looked to him quite so mysteriously
dreadful.
It was a queer, shapeless, alive thing,
with a lumpy body and bits of short
arms, and a long white skirt which
apparently covered long, limp legs
which reached clear to the floor. It
had a big, white, bald head and flaring
ears, and black eyes, and no neck at
all, and instead of teeth it had a terri
fying show of empty red gums. It was
a "surprise" in truth, for poor Johnnie
had never seen anything of the kind in
all his lifp, and he had not the slight
est idea that it was a baby — and a very
nice little baby, too — which his aunt
was showing him.
He was so frightened that he Just
stood and stared until the strange
creature suddenly wrinkled up its face,
shut its eyes tight and turning a deep
crimson opened its empty mnuth wide
and began to scream with all its might.
And then what do you suppose John
nit- and Star did? Star growled and
put his tall between his legs, and then
he and Johnnie, who was too alarmed
to think of anything but hiding, went
under the bed together and stayed
there, too. until the baby stopped cry
ing and Johnnies mamma made him
understand that it was a dear fittle
ctmsin that his aunt had brought him,
and that everybody looked like that
when they were tiny babies.
BERKELEY BOYS A'GYPSYING.
Over In Berkeley are three or four
small boys, the oldest of whom is 10,
who have actually built a house and
are attempting to cook their own
meals, or some of them. Their menu
takes in steaks, mushes, rice and per
haps other articles of food. These
they prepare in good style, at a brick
furnace, just outside of their house,
and their meals are eaten in the house
with genuine relish.
The house is provided with only one
room. It has a window and a door.
The roof is rain-proof. Many a person
has less comfortable rooms than these
little boys have made for their own
THE LITTLE SAN DIEGO MAID.
A little San Diego maid whose years were scarcely four
Played where the nectared flowers, In vases fine, held honeyed store.
Sweet as a linnet's summer song was the dear maiden's voice
As to bird, bee and drowsy air she sang of childish joys,
"Dear bee," she sang, "I wish that I could live in flowers like you;
And have for friend the mignonette and sip the scented dew.
You have a bagpipe, too, to play. You are a lucky bee.
To feast and sing all day is sweet. Could Ido that— ah, me!** f
While sang the maid, a honey bee, like to a Corsair bold
Assailing all the floral crew, bespoiled them of their gold.
Then, cruising zigzag, steered his course to where the pinks in shoala
Of garden bloom — a roseate reef of coral raised their bolls.
Then went my little maid and said: "Oh, bee, you are my friend,
So let us play together now; you be a child — pretend."
She seized the bee! His rapier thrust was followed by a cry —
"You naughty, cruel little thing! I be a bee? Oh— h— h, my!"
use. Younger builders and cooks are
not In all California.
TALE OF THREE BROTHERS.
Robert, Richard and Ray were three
brothers. One day they found them
selves in a great garden, passing
through a gateway of flowers, with
laughter such as belongs only to youth*
to reach the garden. Just within the
shadow of the gateway they met a
lady, who said that her name was Des
tiny, and that she had come to direct
them upon their paths through the gar
den.
"Only a little way on," said the lady,
"you will find the gifts that I have
placed there for you. Take them and
go upon your ways as bravely as you
can."
*he lady then told the brothers to
stand side by side, Ray in the middle
and Robert and Richard on either side.
"March!" she said.
The three brothers found that their
paths led farther and farther apart.
They called aloud, from time to time,
words of brotherly love and good cheer
until their voices were lost by distance.
Then, separately, they went their ways
in silence.
Robert found his prize first — an ap
ple of solid gold. He plucked it gladly.
Richard next found his prize — a scar
let plume, to lead him to fame. With
this Richard marched on with swelling
pride. Ray's pathway soon grew poor
and mean. The trees shriveled up, the
flowers dried and sparkling springs of
water ceased to flow. He came to a
wretched little house. In it was a
package upon which was his name and
the inscription. "The Solace of Want."
He opened the package and found in
it only a poor, ragged coat. Ray put
on the coat with a sigh and moved on.
Robert's path soon led him into a !
great and wealthy city. There he was \
welcomed. There, after a time, he en
tered into a rich mansion, which con
tained many pictures, which was car
peted with satin and in which were
dishes and vessels of pure gold. Here
Robert lived many years, and he mar
ried the daughter of a great prince, j
who brought him much money. But
he was never happy, for the apple of
gold always urged him on, and naught
of peace or rest had he.
A CLOCK PUZZLE.
The clock struck one! A mouse ana a rat
Were playing under an old straw hat.
They heard the machinery clucking: and wheezing:,
And the dust from the clock case set both of them sneezing.
In the clock they ran, aid the old clock door
Shut with a slam that Joggled the floor.
Then the springs, cogs and hammers, as if In mad spite.
Hit the rat and the mouse from the left and the right.
Little boy, little girl, now please guess — Just for fun —
Ifvthe crazy old clock then struck two, or struck one!
Richard placed his plume in his hat.
His pathway led up a steep mountain,
above which eagles screamed, as they
wheeled in dizzy circles. On the sum
mit of the mounatin Richard looked
around. He saw sunny valleys below
him. in which were growing crops, vil
lages and cities, schoolhouses and
churches, and the people in the valleys
all seemed to be friendly and happy.
Richard paused not, but placed a
trumpet to his lips and blew a long,
resounding blast. The sound was heard
in the valleys and the effect was magi
cal. People dropped their rakes and
pruning knives in the fields and or
chards. Those in the cities gathered
into armies and soon, upon a wide
plain, a glittering host was assembled.
Bands of music were there; squadrons
of horsemen, with shining swords in
their hands: hundreds of cannons and
thousands of men with guns in their
hands.
Over the multitude waved flags. The
soldiers cheered as Richard, riding a
black horse and wearing a gay uniform,
came among them. He was known al
ready as the great general who had
called the soldiers together and at his
command great battles were to be
fought and won, that he might gain
fame.
At the head of his army Richard
drove in a whirlwind of dust, through
towns and cities which had been set
on fire by the torches of his soldiery;
and he heard, on all sides, the shrieks
and curses of those who had been
brought to woe and ruin by him.
In his greatest battle there rode up
toward Richard, from the ranks of the
enemy, a gray-haired horseman, who
looked so like Richard that the soldiers
murmured as they saw him. RoTTert
and the gray-haired horseman fought.
At last Richard struck down his an
tagonist, who rolled in the dust and
was trampled under the iron hoofs of
his own horse.
Then and there, in sight of his
own soldiers, while cheers were in the
air and artillery thundered, Richard
broke his sword in two and rode from
the field of battle, with bowed head,
and sobbing, for the gray-haired
horseman whom he had struck down
was his father.
Ray wandered along ways that were
strewn with thorns. Rich men and
rich women and even the children of
the rich laughed at the ragged coat
and at the wearer, but Ray would not
take It off. Poor men and ■women and
poor children heard with joy of his
coming. He found gold, only to scat
ter it, with generous hands, among the
needy. He sat by the bedside of the
sick. He spoke gentle words of com
fort to those in sorrow.
Every day he prized his rapped coat.
He had found a writing in one of the
pockets and so had learned the secret
of it. Every day he grew braver, more
patient and more loving. "While he was
very sorry for all who were in trouble,
he was still happy, for destiny had
given him the coat of love to wear as
a garment.
He envied no one. And, as for fight
ing any one for the sake of fame, that
was impossible for him.
After very many days the three
brothers met once more. Robert and
Richard had anxious looks and often
sighed. Only Ray could smile as joy
ously as they had all smiled when
they began their journey together.
Robert still clung to his apple of gold
and Richard valued his plume. But
Ray tore his coat Into three pieces,
gave each of his brothers one, saving
the poorest piece for himself. He had
grown into the habit of loving so that
he could spare a part of the coat.
Of course this is a fable. The gar
den is the world. They who journey
through it loving their fellows can
smile in poverty, while the envious
and the ambitious are never satisfied,
even when they have much.
An old beggar, who used to frequent
the doors of one of the principal
churches of Rome, died lately. He was
found to be possessed of £37,000. which
he had left by a properly drawn-up
will to his three children, who were
completely ignorant of their father's
wealth-WILLIE COLLIER'S
MAN FROM MEXICO,
AND OTHER PERSONS.
The man who will not laugh at Wil
lie Collier in "The Man from Mexico"
has no soul. I admit there is some
thing to think about in the fact that
our one serious playhouse has been* for
weeks, and will !><> for weeks more, giv
en over to the pleasures of the ha-ha;
lut if anything: will reconcile the crav
ing playgoer to this siege of farce it is
a pood farce and a good farce-actor —
fuch as. we have now at the Baldwin.
I put my admiration of "The Man from
Mexico" to the test— l went to see him
twice within the week; and the second
time, as the first, I laughed myself al
most into tears. There are some comic
Shows that drive the critics to kind
words. He laughs, realizing that he
Who laughs leaves criticism behind, and
then he sits him dr-wn at his desk and
apologizes for having had a good time —
says he hasn't much idea what It was
all about, but it was certainly quick
and funny, and he and everybody else
laughed, and if you have any taste for
this sort of entertainment, and are not
too exacting, it will divert you, too,
maybe.
The beauty of Willie Collier and this
farce is that a man may enjoy them
till he aches, build panegyrics columns
high to their comic charms, and still
preserve unsoiled conscience and un
humbled pride.
• • •
I would not belittle the Importance
of Farce, which is one of the immor
tal parts of the theater, but nowadays
most which passes for that is entirely
something less. "The Man from Mex
ico." I should say, is a farce. It does
rot ele\ate its class, as Oscar Wilde's
elegant exaggerations do; nor devote
Jtself as industriously to a deliberate
scheme of action as do some of the
pieces that are made in France. It is a
very difficult piece to place. You might
Bay its p^h^mr" Is more conversational
than Bituatlonai. because the actual in
cident is limited, and the most of the
time taken up with vagrom dialogue.
There are to be reckoned with, on the
ether hand, those verbal situations
which are the direct outcome of the
seemingly irrespective dialogue, and
which play such an important part in
the comic interest. It is difficult even
to place the authorship of the piece. I
have the word of several playgoers
that the basis of the plot has long since
terved in French and in English farces,
and an honest man, who knows, tells
me that the ludicrous climax r r f the
prison scene is not written by Dv
S'.uchet at all, but is solely the inven
tion of Collier. I said last week that
it would be a hard matter to determine
where Dv Pouchet's work ends and
Collier's begins. Still, I cannot see Mr.
Collier to the point where he even ef
faces Dv Souchet's name from the pro
gramme.
• • •
However, the parentage of "The Man
from -Mexico" is not a vital question.
It is the piece in performance that we
pure applauding, and Mr. Collier attends
ito it that he is all of that, and the
/world is gayer because of him. I doubt
if there is any one, even among his
associate actors, whrr grudges him a
single line, or a single moment of the
center of the stage. The part of Ben
ba Fitzhugh is so written that he
must be the play. There is no alter
native—it is Collier or nothing. The
star is not unconscious of his central
ization, and, moreover, he knows how
to get the fullest value from his back
ground. His scheme of acting his own
part is the best and the only one feasi-
ble to this fare». He la seemingly un
aware of his audience and his own com
icality, or as n^-ar it as a man can be,
while throwing off gags and puns and
catch lines at the rate of a dozen to
the minutn. In more legitimate farce,
•where there are no gag lines, an actor,
to be funny, has only to present a se
rious countenance to the circum
stances which overwhelm him; but the
backbone of this piece is verbal play
and a touch too much c-f unconscious-
ness would Buggest a comedian in a
trance. What Mr. Collier does is to
give to the part as much legitimacy
as it will stand for, and not a bit more,
lie is deliberately quiet and repressed;
he presents fin the first act) the ap
pearance of a respectable, red-headed,
suburban person, with an arch taste in
clothes: he has an anxious, worried
look accented by spectacles — and out of
this modest picture and gentle demean
or whirls a perpetual cyclone of Amer
ican gags. The lncongruousness of it
points the fun. And then he makes a
tremendous effect of the contrast be
tween himself and the rest of the com-
pany. He is all earnestness and repose;
Hey Hey play in the loud, hustling key of
conventional farce-comedy. He never
goes into the painful details of any
j .k>\ or anything else; he relies on the
subtleness of suggestion; he is perfect
in the imsjness of the part. By a sin
gle glance at the revolver, the where-
abouts of which we have forgotten early
in the act, he gives the suspense to.
makes Inevitable, that convulsing cli
max of the prison scene. Willie Collier
Is a womlorful little farce-actor. I hope
nothing will ever turn his head or in
duce him to become a comedian.
* • *
Mr. rv,Hjf>r has done po much for the
second act I wonder that he doesn't
do something for the finale of the first,
which is n«.w the one limp situation In
the piece.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR-- S ;3 .
This Sunday 2>Tiglvt,
VERY LAST TIME OF
ESMERALDA
To-Morrow
Monday Euenlng . ■'■
A DOUBLE BILL.
At 8:15 Promptly, Mr. Frederick Pauldlnir'B
Original Pathetic Play.
" -A. IMIAJSrS LOVE ! "
j- At 9 Sharp Prepare to Laugh,
fAt !' Sharp Prepare to Laug-h.
V DION BOUCICAULT'S
Roaring Farce
" FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
Prices.. 15c, 25c, 350, 50c
BY ASHTON STEVENS.
Dan Mason must not be included in
the general background of "The Kan
From Mexico." An actor who can be
funny through a German dialect in this
end of the century is preposterously
clever.
• • •
What I hope will stand without a ri
val as the worst record of 1898 is Nellie
McHenry's vaudeville farce. "A Night
in New York," which is now playing at
the California. It ought to be in a tent
for men only.
• • •
This is to me from "A Symphony
Subscriber":
I have been reading your remarks in
The Call about the symphony concerts
and the people who attend them, and I
judge you to be a fussy old gentleman
with no particular love for my sex. For
permit me to explain I am a woman,
one of those who go to the symphony
concerts, not because "they think it is the
nice thing to go." but because they find
delight in good music, and who do hap
pen to know "the difference between
Schumann and Bousa." Now, you have
criticized, in your sarcastic style, the
women who have kept on their hats at
these concerts. Will you kindly explain
why they should take them off? The high
hat ordinance was enforced to give all
persons an equal view of the stage. What
is there to see at the symphony concerts?
A lot of men in modern clothes and a lot
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
Jp^Z2^ §AN pRANCISCO. CAL. estab.lBB7.
GVJSTfW/ WALTER, Director-General.
Week Commencing Monday, January flr-~!s!inFJSBSt!t W o*i. D ,
Return From Their Triumphal Coast Tour for Positively One Week Only Prior to Their
Eastern Engagements and Thence Homeward Bound to Their Native Land,
THE MUSICAL SENSATION OF THE CENTURY, OUBTAV WALTER'S IMPORTATION,
THE KNABEN-KAPELLE
HUNGARIAN BOYS' MILITARY BAND.
40 Little Natural-Born, Musicians. New and Popular Selections.
r->l^p AN Pi F"l AAP"E> In Their Original Specialty.
l\»vL nliU LUVILr\ " A RUBE'S VISIT TO CHINATOWN."
CARTER DE HAVEN, PROF, GALLANDO,
Diminutive Comedian. \ ■' Lightning Clay Modeler.
. HIGH-CLASS INSTRUMENTAL DUETISTS.
Direct &..-KNIGHT ASTON- W ffi ggS'*
PAULO & DIKA, BARNEY & RUSSELL,
Eccentric Vocalists. . I Novelty Character Artists.
Last Week of the Legitimate Star D/| T" D f /~\ E7 SUPPORTED BY
Jr/A i /T IK* EZ ALT HAMPTON and J. F. WHITBECK.
In Their Dainty Playlet— 'A NEW YEAR'S DREAM."
mATINEE TO-DAY, SUNDAY, JANUARY l<sth.
Last Appearance of Musioal Dale, Elinoro Sisters, La Petite Lund, Farnum
Brothers, Kitty Mitchell, Mile. RombeUo and the BALLET SPECTACLE.
PARQUET, any seat, 25c ! BALCONY IOc; CHILDREN lOc, any part.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
of instruments. You don't really suppose
anybody cares about looking at the front
elevation of a trombone, do you? Or at
the man at the other end of it, either.
And besides the esthetic side of it thore
is a good practical reason why we should
keep our hats on. The Tlvoll is not
warmed fur the symphony concerts, and
the dressing rooms are not light. <l. Are
we to t;ik»- o!T our hats at tho risk of
getting bad colds? And, having taken
thim ofT. how are we going to get tht-m
on again?
I had not. I admit, considered man
and his trombone from "A Bymphony
Subscriber*" point of view, but the
cold Tlvoll struck us all hard last
Thursday afternoon. I wished that
fussy old gentlemen might wear their
hats, too. The symphony management
will havo to hold out pome warmer in
ducement than the law before people
will part with any of their ciothes in
that temperature.
ASHTOX STEVENS.
Baldwin.
To-night and for another week Willie
Collier in "The Man From Mexico"
will fill the auditorium and the box of-,
floe of the Baldwin Theater.
The next engagement on the books
is that of '"The Girl From Paris.'' ;i
gingery operatic farce that attained
to tremendous vogue in New York hist
season. The piece has a record of 1000
performances at the Duke of York's
Theater, London.
TiVoli.
The Tivoli production of "Brian
Boru," an Irish romantic opera, com-
[■•■p. d by Julian
Edwards and writ
ten by Stanislaus
Strange, promises
t" be as much an
event in this sea
son as the excel
lent production of
"Shamus O'Brien"
was in las t. To
properly present
the work the Tivoli
management has
secured all the
or i ginal scenery.
flrthur Donaldson.
models and costume plates. Arthur
Donaldson has been brought out from
the East to play the title role, and
Thomas C Leary will appear as
• O'Ham, in which part he was promi
nently identifW'l with the success of
th>- piece on the road last season.
As told before, the score is hardiy as
ambitious as that of "Shamus," al
though it is written heavily and in the
modern mode. A peculiar feature of
the music is the number of quotations
from well-known songs and operas
that are employed in the orchestra
tion. The vocal music is more directly
melodic than that of "Shamus"— it was
perhaps for this Mason thai "Rrian
Boru" was, of tli*" two open the bet
ter liked by the public of Ne* York.
At all events it waa I last
in, and we may thank the Tivoli'a
enterprise for the chance of hearing It.
This is the author's ari;um» nt :
The action of the first . , ■dace
In the Wicklow hills, at tl ning of
ntury. The i-
Spirit of Ireland, with her train
Inlght ami summon Brian Boru and
• Elan . his henchm warn
mii-r <>f his tate ai ..ut to
him how ti> reach thf throne of [reiand.
To the latter they give ■ magic Addta and
■how liim how to save his master in the
hour of need. Brian is beloved by Erina,
ster of O'Connor, oni of his most
loyal chiefs. The Bngilsh Princess ki
frida, trios to win him by her wiles, and
of her bel • totum, the
monk, « isw.iiii. O'D
brother, is also desirous of securing the
throne of Ireland. The fit - with
• pting the flag of [relai ■
taking oath to set his dear country free.
The second ad takes ua to the English
luartera In Dublin Castle, ah is
roysteiing and feasting. The Bngltoh set
a trap to imprison Brian, but O'Hara
plays liis manic fiddle, all are entr
in dance, during which Brian escapi
The first scene of the third n<t Is In thf
Forest near Dublin. Here the true-hearted
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
T> /L/ J~' *&/*-„ / " TONIGHT and
Q&czut/urMicSticalfz „,, next week
II la?? r THE BIGGEST OF
|i PERFORMANCE^ B/C SUCCESSES!
WILLIE COLLIER,
The Quaintest of Quaint Comedians, In
THE MAN FROM MEXICO
Mis /absolute LAUGHS. Ti-i/3knr»<^ JtXlV_^jn 1 .
AVALANCHE OF LAUGHS, ■ Ml /^ ■ r v'^- ir » * •
PRICES— A good Reserved Scat on the lower floor, $1 ; Balcony, 50c and 75c.
Special Matinee Prices.
Last Performance Next Saturday Niglvt.
MONDAY, JANUARY 24 THE GIRL FROM PARIS
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mas. Ernestine Kkei.ixg. Proprietor 4 Manager
TONIGHT— LAST TIME
Of Our Holiday Spectacle,
"MOTHER GOOSE!"
New Songs, Dances and Specialties.
TO-MORROW EVENING,
A Musical Event
" BRI A.3ST BORU !"
A Romantic Irish Op*ra.
First Appearance of
ARTHUR DONALDSON. Barytone. •
CHARLES CHARTERS, Character Comedian.
Popular Prices 25c orjd 50c
CENTRAL PARK— BASEBALL.
TO-DAY SUNDAY 1 P. M.
"Hot Time at the Old Grounds."
SANTA CRUZ.
( Beachcomber*. )
BUSHNELL ALERTS.
Admission 25 cents
Irish women, led by Mona, resolved to
help their fathers, husbands and brothers. J
O'Donovan, who has secured, through El- I
frida's machinations, the shamrock ring, !
the badge of kinship, tells them Brian is
a traitor; but is unbelieved. Brian enters
upon the scene and leads his devoted fol
lowers against th.- English, who are en- '
camped near St. Patrick's Church, over
looking Dublin Bay. Erina is a prisoner,
tied to the flagstaff. She is freed by the
good-hearted, fat Fiizstephen, a Fal
stnffian knight of the period. Brian and
his followers arrive on the scene, subju
gate the English, and Brian Boru is pro
claimed King of Ireland.
California.
And now we are to have our oppor
tunity to laugh at the latest farcical
garment from the
workshop <>f that
t tailor, John
J. MeNally, a fool
ish playwright, who
has many times in
the past hid us
lauph with him.
The comedy in
question is "Court
ed Into Court," and
.it <■• lines to us < )
X v as a five
months' run at the
John C. Rice.
Bijou Theater In New York last win
ter.
The story of "Courted Into Court"
will not tax any one to a great extent.
It is written around tho love affairs of
a successful actress who is wooed and
won by the s<>n of a millionaire. His
parents . bjecting to the alliance,
the y.'in 1 in the di
vorce court, where it la settled by a
rvative Judge, who patches up an
amiablo trace.
The company -which Messrs. Rich &
Harris have selected for the presenta
tion of "Courted [nto Court" is above
the ■• ' ' iluding as it <li>es Marie
■
Kruger, J"hn <;. Sparks, James F. Cal
lahan, Damon Lyon, Harry Ertheller,
John Frees, John C. Sorg, May Duryea,
Clare Palma, Sally Cohen, Blanche Ve
and Marion
Bri«:ht"ii.
Mi- r and Mr. Rice are es
tablished Institutions In New York, but
this is their Brat
visit t'> California.
Numerous Bonga
and - a will
punctuate the pre
ition. There
are half a d
t■ < say
"Tench,
Irish and character
songs.
Marie Dressier.
Alcazar.
They will Five a double bill at the
Alcazar this week, consisting of the
fl rat performance
of :i pathetic
curtain-raiser 1> y
Ick Pauiding
entitled "A Mans
Love," in which the
author, Frank De
nithorne, and Chaa,
Bates will appear.
and "Forbidden
Fruit," one of the
many sporty come
dies, written by the
Gertrude Foster.
late Dion Roucicault.
part of the story of "Forbidden
Fruit" Is not unlike th;it of the lmmnr
tal aona*, "After the BalL" The two
erring husbands go to the Cremorne
to dine, expecting to meet there two
lively ladies ol the Gaiety world. While
waiting for their fair companions, one
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manner.
Last Two Performances of 'THE PLUSOIB."
Commencing To-Morrow, January 17,
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
Drama, -
THE BLUE and the GRM'V.
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. The
Acme Ov.artet in War and Camp Sonss. A
Strong Cast. ' New Scenic ami Mechanical
Effect*. Evening Prices, 10c, 25c and 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
CHIQUITA !
Cuba's Atom! The smallest Woman on Earth,
la Positively the
MARVEL OF THE «GE I
Daily Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening..
RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all, including Vaudeville.
, Children sc.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
Th« 'ihall.i Gorman-Hebrew On»ra Company,
FRIDAY AND SUNDAY NIGHTS, January
14 and 16. "EZRA. THE WANDERING JEW,"
Dramatic Opera In ♦ acts, by Professor La-
telner. Box office open dally from 10 a. m. to
5 p. m.
of the husbands hears the sound of his
Wife's voice coming from a neighboring
box, which he enters and finds there i
with her — only her long-lost brother.
Soon after this the Gaiety girls arrive,
aiul there are many complications be
fore the happy lie is hit upon, and all
ends discreetly.
Wright Huntington and Wallace Shaw
will play the parts of the naughty hus
bands, Frank Denithorne will be the '
hmg-lost brother. Miss Klngsley the
Gaiety girl and Miss Foster and Mrs.
B"tes the trusting wives.
Morosco's.
The late unpleasantness will be cele
brated at Morosco's this week by a
melodrama called
"The Blue and the
Gray." Inside the
smoke, powder and
pageant runs the
story of a young
Northern captain
and a beautiful
Southern girl. Her
father has been cap
tured and condemn
ed to death. She ap
peals to the hero,
who loves her de-
Maude Edna Hall.
votedly, but, true to his duty, refuses
to interfere. Through a train of Mor
osco circumstances the prisoner es
capes, to bring death and disaster to
the Yankee camp. The hero's life is
spared only on condition that during
the father's life he and the heroine
shall neither see nor communicate
with one another. The gallant captain
becomes blind during the war, and five
years later, miserable and mortgaged,
!■ discovered by the heroine. Her
father, now being dead, she is honora
bly able to devote heart and fortune to
the comfort of what is left of the hero.
All the Morocco favorites are in the
cast, and as the play offers some big
scenic opportunities a characteristic
performance may be looked for.
Orpheum.
The Orpheum announces several Im
portant changes in its bill for this week.
Five new acts will
go on, and two re
turn engagements
Rill be played. The
new people include
Rice and Elmer, who
are said to do ex
ceptionally clever
work on the hori
zontal bars; Al
mont and Dumont.
high-class musical
specialists, in solog
Mile. Dlka.
and duets on a variety of musical in
struments; Carter de Haven, the
diminutive comedian, who has recently
made such a success in the East. Mas
ter de Haven is but ten years of age,
but is said to take rank as an artist
rather than as a boy prodigy.
The novelty of the bill is Professor
Gallando, clay modeler, who is
said to excel anything of the
kind that has yet appeared at
the Orpheuni. Knight Aston, a
tenor robusto, has been Imported from
Australia by Gustav Walter for the
Orpheum circuit and a tour of the East.
The boys" Hungarian military band,
which recently played such a success
ful engagements at the Orpheum, have
Tieen brought back for a farewell week,
when they will leave for the East en
route to Europe. The hold-overs in
clude Patrice, supported by Alf Hamp
■ ton, and J. F. Whftheck. Barney and
I Russell and Paulo and Dlka.
Olvjmpia.
The Olympia. at the corner of Mason
and Eddy streets, will open next Sat
night with a number of Eastern
musical and vaudeville attractions.
The house is being refurnished and ela
borately decorated. During the com
ing week arrangements will be com
l to thoroughly heat the house
with the Idea of making it one of the
most comfortable theaters In the city.
Kir -liner's ladies' orchestra is now en
route from the East, and a number of
vaudeville attractions are being ar
ranged for.
Chutes.
Chlquita, the "Cuban Atom," con
tinues to be the sensation at the
Chutes. This week's tyll includes, be
sides Chiquita, the militia quartet,
Marlon and James, coster singers, Ce
cil Hendricks, contortion dancer, the
cycling Martells and new chuteoscopic
views.
Oberon.
The Cosmopolitan Orchestra will
have a new and popular programme
for the new week.
Jrmitvj's Organ Inauguration.
The new organ in Trinity Church,
built by the Hook & Hastings Co. of
Boston, will be inaugurated on Wed
nesday evening, January 19. when Dr.
H. J. Stewart, organist of Trinity, will
perform the following programme:
Sonata in D minor (Guilmant): com
munion, in F (Orison); fantasia and
fugue in ('• minor (Rach); benediction
nuptiale, toccata, in G (JDubote); polo
naise, in A (Chopin): air, with varia
tions iLcmmens); "Schiller," march
(Meyerbeer).
Daiy and Shakespeare.
The following is written by the dra
matic critic of the London Weekly
Sun, Rnd tells its own story:
Having a desire to produce "Katherlne
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
GafycrnuiJ&aM I 2X3%™. lltl |7
fRIEOLfINOEB COTTIOB6C-us«iS6«*«M» MIhNDAI L\fcMl>G, /rtlll ill
"PLEASE MARRY ME, IT WON'T TAKE LONG."
RICH AND HARRIS'
Big, Buoyant, Billowy, Brilliant, Ebullient Bundle of Laughter,
COURTED INTO COURT.
BY JOHN T. McNALLY.
THE I^borate Comedy | introducing
perfect Production MARIE DRESSLER,
MOST DELIGHTFUL Extant. JOHN C. RICE
fllU3l irresistible Extant. \ JOHN C, RICE
AND TWENTY OTHER FARCEURS.
IT SCINTILLATES IN WIT. IT BUBBLES WITH MELODY.
Join the Throngs and Hear the Songs. ;^
"Whoop De Dooden Do." "Ram-a-Jara, I Want That Man." '_ "Bon Jour, Monsieur."
"I Ain't Obliged to Stand No Nigger Fooltn'." "Mamie Reilly." "If That Ain't Win-
ning a Home. I Don't Know." "Why I Became a Sailor." "Ma Lulu." "I'm the
Daughter of the Leader of the Band." "The Swellest Thing in Town," and "O'Dooley's
• First Five O'clock Tea."
COMING— "WHAT HAPPENED TO JONES."
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
TO-NIGHT (SUNDAY)— LAST TIME—
JOLLY NELLIE McHENRY
In Her Brilliant Comedy,
f\ NIGHT IN NEW YORK I
MONDAY— "COURTED INTO COURT."
GENUINE
CORBETT-FITZSIHMONS CONTEST
Reproduced at fvv;
873 MARKET STREET,
OPPOSITE POWELL,
As follows: 1, 7 and 10:45 p. m.. preliminar-
leo, first and second rounds; 2 and 7:45 p. m.,
third, fourth and fifth rounds; 3 and S:?0 p. m.,
sixth, seventh and eighth rounds; 4 and 9:15 p.
m.. ninth, tenth and eleventh rounds; 5, 10
and 11:30 p. m., twelfth, thirteenth, fourteenth
and knock-out.
The only city In the world where any part of
this great fight was ever reproduced for this
price of
ADMISSION, 1O CENTS.
ORF R O N O'FARRELL STREET.
UDLnUIN Near Stockton.
Grand Concert Every Evening by
CARL MARTENS
And tne
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
and Petruchio," knowing that West End
audiences had had no chance of seeing
Miss Ada Rehan and being desirous of
making his production as artistically
notable ns possible, Mr. Tree invited the
charming American actress to appear
with him at Her Majesty's. The terms
have not been hitherto divulged, bvit I
believe I am betraying no confidence In
Raying that Miss Rehan was offered a
salary of £ioo a week for a play lasting
some fifty minutes.
His offer was declined, ostensibly on
the ground that other arrangements had
been entered into which would preclude
Miss Rehan from appearing in London
after the conclusion of her engagement
at Islington. To the ordinary unohser
vant playgoer the attitude of Mr. Tree
would suggest chivalry and an unselfish
love of artistic excellence; but how false
that conclusion would be is seen from Mr.
Daly's expression of opinion, reserved
until he is once more in America.
"I could not have considered it pos
sible." says Mr. Daly, "that Mr. Tree
would send me such an unmanagerial,
coolly insulting proposition as to separate
Miss Rehan from her companions and
ask her to descend to play in an emascu
lated version of Shakespeare's play, af
ter she had established her renown in
the production in which she is dlntin
guished."
It is indeed news that an offer to star
at the finest theater in London at a very
remunerative salary, and backed by a
singularly efficient company, is to be
construed into a "coolly insulting propo-
Bition."
\\ hen Sir Henry Irving placed the
Lyceum, with himself, Miss Terry and
the whole resources of the theater at the
command of Edwin Booth, after the lat
ter had failed at the Princess with his
own company, we all applauded— and
rightly so— the generosity of the pro
ceeding.
Must we then be instructed on these
matters by a gentleman whose principle
in "William Archer's words, is that
"Shakespeare may think himself hick?
if he gets his words spoken at all, and
must not be too particular as to who
happens to speak them"; who tacked or
the epilogue from '-Henry VIII" to "The
Two Gentlemen of Verona"; who threat
ened us with a production of the two
parts of "Henry IV" jumbled into one
and whose version of "The School for
Scandal" was bowdlerised to the point of
the ridiculous.
Odds and Ends.
"Sherlock Holmes" Is being dramatized
In London.
Those Interminable croakers who are
always telling us how much opera is
loved on the Continent, where "opera is
patronized for art's sake." will be glad
to hear that the actual loss on the Paris
Grand Opera for five years (less the sub
vention.) is 4,500,000 francs.
Naughty Anna Held and a vaudeville
organization that includes in Its perform
ance "The Cat and the Cherub" are on
the road that leads to San Francisco.
May Irwin presented to every member
of ne »" company an extra week's salary
as a Christmas gift.
Brahms was once in his favorite bier
haus in Vienna with a friend. He said
to the landlord, "Bring me a bottle of
your best." The landlord returned,
"Here is wine, as much better than other
wine as Brahms' music is than other
music." Brahms looked at the label with
his near-sighted eyes, and said "Put it
away; give us a bottle of Bach."
San Francisco is included in this year's
tour of Ysaye.
The reports that come from Rome
about the poet, novelist, dramatist and
industrious self-advertiser, Annunzio, are
bewildering. With the help of "capital"
and royalty, he is about to realize a
poet's dream and build a temple of dra
matic art. with which trade and commero
shall have nothing to do. He has lus
had one new play, "A Spring Mornini
Dream," acted, and another, "The Dear!
City," is in rehearsal In Paris and Rome.
Two other new plays, "Iron" and
"Laura," are finished in manuscript. He
is writing, simultaneously, five new nov-
I els, each one taking the name of a flower.
At the same time his genius is devoting
I itself to the composition of three mys
teries— "Persephone," "Adonis" and "Or-
I pheus."
In Boston the Ammergauan Passion
Play is being: projected by the cinemato
graph. It will be exhibited in Augustin
Daly's New York Theater during the
Lenten season.
The new Sardou play, which is about
to be produced in Paris, deals with the
history of Louis XVII, and is called
"Pamela la Marchande de Frivolites."
Both Napoleon and Josephine are of the
characters, and Mme. Rejane and a little
12-year-old actress are prominent in the
cast.
The latest and wildest enterprise in the
show business is credited to Henry B.
Clifford, a Chicago manager, wno is
going to send an dpera company of 125
around the v.-orld. giving performances
in a large canvas tent.
A new role for Miss Rehan will be Gil
berte in "Frou-Frou," which play Mr.
Daly is soon to present.
When William Archer's Invaluable rec
ord of "The Theatrical World In 1897"
shortly make its appearance it will have
a preface by Sydney Grundy.
Miss Anna Daly, a young actress of
this city, now playing with Modjeska,
has been praised by the Eastern crit
ics for her Phoebe in "As You Like It,"
and Margaret Curl in "Mary Stuart."'
The Musicians' Club of San Francisco
encourages musical composition by of
fering a gold, a silver and a bronze
medal for the three relatively best
compositions of chamber music that
have not been previously published or
publicly performed. Edward A. Mac-
Dovell and Xaver Scharwenka will
pass on the merits of the music. Full
particulars of the competition may be
had of Julius Weber, secretary of the •
Musicians' Club.
RACING! RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. 18 f .>7-'.<S. R.-srinninsr MONDAY
January 10 to January 8, Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY,
THURBDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACKS H DAY.
RACES BTART AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP.
Ferry Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30, 1:00, 1:30. IKX), 2:30 and 3 P. M.,
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the Track at 4:13
and 4:4b P. M., and immediately after the last
'^THOMAS H. WILLIAMS X R., President.
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK,
Howard st., between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Opticttl Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
Open dally from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m.; 2 to 4:tO
p. m.; 7 to in p. m. General Admission. 10c;
Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladies' Skates, Free.
2728
Teachers and Schools
of California
THE Tompkins Observation School
of Oakland has been so desig
nated because some three years
ago it was given over by the
Board of Education to the direc
tion of the Pedagogical Department of
the State University. Of this depart
ment Dr. Elmer E. Brown is head, and
Professors Bailey and Dresalar are as
sociates.
The purpose of this change vu to
revise from time to time the course of
Btudy In the Tompkins School, and to
make from month to month a personal
study of the child in his home and
school relations. This Echool is graded,
the ages of the pupils range from
sto 15. Moreover, it is the only public
school in Oakland which contains a
kindergai I
Dr. Bailey has at present the most
immediate connection with the insti
. and In conjunction with the
principal, Edwin Markham, is direct
ing the curriculum and work in the
i as far as the University interest
: With the aid of all the
teachers Dr. Bailey has just completed
a revision of the course of study which
will be put In operation this month.
This will differ from the general work
in the i of Oakland in pos
sessing a more systematic outline of
nature study and a more carefully ar
1 course in literature.
The latti the introduction
of the myth, the fairy tale and the
Bible story into the first, second and
third grades. These r.:v- followed in the
A-fourth with the relation by the
teacher of the story of the "Iliad." In
the B-fourth grade the story of the
"Odyssey" Is told, while in the A-fifth
the pupils read in class the "Iliad."
In the B-fifth they also read the
"Odyssey" in class and then the stories
of chivalry and the Arthurian legends.
Illustrating tho Christian ideal of the
h^ro, are taken up in the A and
B sixth grades. The aim of all this
study is to produce ethical results by
way of comparison. Tn the seventh
grade there follows American litera
ture — the poems of "Hiawatha" and
"Evaner^line" and Hawthorne tales.
For the t-iehth grade The course of
?t -.:■!>- will probably include some suit
able play of Shakespeare, such as "The
Tempest," or "As You Like Tt," or
"Shylock." This gives the pupils a
taste of the great masters of thought
rind feeling in the world.
The work of the past three years in
the Tompkins School, thanks to the
careful supervision of Dr. Bailey and
Principal Markhara. has produced
highly beneficial results. The effect of
this literature study on the characters
of the children has proven exceedingly
ring in every way.
"I feel," said Mr. Markham, "that
FRATERNAL NEWS
The Installation of the officer* of King Solo
mon Chapter last Thursday night In Franklin
Hall was. it is admitted by all. one of the
most charming of the several ceremonies of the
kind that have been held In this city during
the present term. The hall was decorated with
beautiful flowers and from the center radiated
garlands representing the five colors of the
order, producing an effect that la not often
•Been In an Eastern Star hall. There were j
present many friends of the chapter, for the j
Installation was public, and there were also
present representatives of all the local chap
ters and pome from Oakland and Alameda.
The officers Installed were Mrs. Val Schmidt,
worthy matron, and all the officers who so
faithfully filled the offices during the previous
term while the chapter was under dispensa
tion, and the Installing officer was Mrs. Maria
A. Pierce, past matron of Oak Leaf Chapter, i
who performed the entire work without book,
the only officer who has done so this term In i
this city, and that added much to the lm
pressiveness of the ceremony. She was assisted
by Grand Secretary Kate S. Willats as grand
marshal and James Bestor Merrltt, P. O. P.,
as chaplain, each of whom performed the part
assigned In a most admirable manner, par
ticularly the grand marshal. The music for
the evening was furnished by the King Solo
mon Quartet, with Miss Doud, accompanist, |
and assisted by Miss A. W. Hobe. who ren- ]
dered appropriate music In that exqul6lta man
ner that in the past has won for her so much
commendation. At the close of the ceremonies
there were addresses by Mrs. Mary E. Part
ridge, M. W. G. M. ; Mrs. A. D. Wilson. P. G.
M., and other visitors, and then there was the
presentation of a basket of beautiful roses to
the outgoing and Incoming worthy matron, the
presentation of a bunch of Bermuda lilies to ;
the Installing officer and congratulations to the
officers. Among notables present were: Mrs.
Theresa J. Merwln. . grand organist: Mrs. Helen
May Patterson, grand Esther; Mrs. Lizzie
Ward well. P. G. T. ; Mrs. Elizabeth Wetjen,
matron of Harmony Chapter; Mrs. C. C. Dow,
matron of Ivy Chapter; Mrs. Rose Klpert, P.
M W. of Beulah Chapter; James A. Wilson,
patron of Mission Chapter; Miss Wlllats,
matron of Golden Gate Chapter; Mr. Danlles,
past patron of Oak Leaf Chapter, and Mr?.
Cora A. Merritt. past matron of the same
chapter. Chapter at Its last held meeting,
Harmony Chapter at Its last held meeting.
at which there was a pood attendance, decided
to have In future, at the close of each meet-
Ing a short literary programme and a light
collation and coffee. The first meeting under
the new order will be held next Friday.
Among many visitors ,who were present was
Mrs. Schmidt, matron of King Solomon
Chapter. I ' ' . . . ■
Last Tuesday night the members of Ivy
Chapter, after the close of business, adjourned
to the lower hall, where there was a game of
progressive euchre, in which the honors were
carried oft by Grand Esther Mrs. H. M. Patter
eon and Worthy Patron Charles L. Patton. The
chapter was during the evening- visited by
members from all the local chapters and some
from Pacific Grove and altogether all spent a
pleasant evening. The chapter elected two
candidates and there will be Initiation at the
next session.
Mountain Fern Chapter of Georgetown, El
Dorado County, has Installed the following
officers for the ourrent term;. Sarah M. Jack
eon, W. M.; George C. Itau, W. P. ; Eliza J.
Murrlsh, A. M. ; Rose G. Frederick, S. ; SalltQ
B. Armstrong, T.; Emm* A. he Beoui, Cj
this course of work is at present th'»
1 . si available means of reaching ami
educating the higher moral nature of
the child, it has given the teacher a
higher ideal which she can place before
hildren and thus bring home con
crete lessons."
The nature study is conducted in
much the same way. In each depart
ment, from the kindergarten, where
Mrs. Coady doea such «p!endid work.
up through all the grades, there are in
each separate collections of specimens
— herbariums, stuffed and live animals,
EDWIN MARKHAM, Principal of the ToropK'ns Observation School.
fishes, plants and minerals. It is hoped
that some day in the near future all
these collections, which are largely the*
work of the pupils, may bu gathered
Into one general museum for the use
of the entire school. By close study
of these objects at first hand, both In
school and in the field, the children ac
quire a sympathetic feeling for nature
and a love for it, instead of simply
viewing the specimens in an analytical
or coldly scientific manner.
ON THE
BLACKBOARD.
Carl H. Nielsen has recently been ap
pointed Superintendent of Schools In
Sonoma County In place of A. W. Da
vis, who was elected secretary of th^
Alice Bennett. A. C. : W. S. Hlckman. M.: : '
Dorn Crawford. W. ; JamM F. Walk, »cntln«l: i
Cora A*. Hpuoer. Adahj Minnie H. Eppn, Ruth;
Bailie ft. Armstrong, Either; Rust* W. Cur
tlp, Martha! Kiln M. Ran, Eleota: Thomas
MurrtPh. chaplain, end B.J Fu*!o W. Curtis,
organist.
The death of Mr?. Georgia Ann* MRtfleld.
pant worthy grand matron, who wn» one of the
tnoet charming women who erer held that
offloa. a member of Southern Star Chapter, ■
died In Mexico on the Nth of December, while
OB a visit th»>n» with her daughter. i
The proceedings of the recent Grand Chap
ter are being distributed.
ORDER OF THE AMARANTH. !
The following officers of Crescent Court of |
the Order of the Amaranth w«re installed with I
appropriate ceremonies last Wednesday night:
Addle Xl Ballou, royal matron: George "W.
I Drew, royal patron;. Frank Marston. associate
royal patron; Mrs. E. C. Malgren, honored as
sociate matron: George Wllcoxson. honored
treasurer; Miss L. M. Malgren, honored secre
tary; Jennie Graves, honored conductress;
Minnie Jelllnek, honored associate conductress;
George L. Darling, honored chaplain; Hattle
A. Haskell. honored warder; Henry M. Owen,
honored herald: Maude •Terwllllger, Lady I
Truth; Lizzie Coleman, . Lady Faith; Parah
Lambert. Lady Wisdom; Florence Perkins,
Lady Charity: Mary- S. Munns. marshal In the !
east: Virginia LanKley.- marshal in the went;
I Wllke* C. Madden, sentinel, and Nellie A.
\ Darling, organist. ■
THE ODD FELLOWS.
Franco Amerlcalne Lodge gave an Installa
tion banquet and dance in Odd Fellows" Hall
last night.
Reports from all th» encampment* show an
increase in that branch of the order.
The officers of Wlldey Encampment will be
.Installed on Thursday next in Mission Masonic
1 Hall.
The 'quarterly meeting of the veterans will
■ be held on the last day of this month.
S. Regensberger, retiring noble grand of Bay
1 City Lodge, and also Incoming noble grand,
having been re-elected for the third success
ive term, was recently presented a beautiful
Jewel.
Edgar J. Joseph of Eartside Lodge No. 225 of
Los Angeles has purchased a life membership
In the home at Thermallto.
THE REBEKAHS.
California Rebekaji Lodge No. 1 will on j
next Saturday evening Install all Its officers j
; In public in Welcome Hall, Odd Fellows' build-
I ing.
The board of trustees of the Orphans' Home
•will meet on Wednesday at Gllroy to mark
the progress that has been made and direct
the future of the home.
The following officers of Oriental Rebekah ;
Lodge were Installed: Mrs. Anna M. Purnlng,
assisted by Rose Mother, grand marshal; Ab
ble A. Ewlng. N. G. ; Lena E. Jarvls. V. G. ;
> May Morgan. S. ; Annie M. Forbes, F. P.;
George R. Meyerdecker. T. ; Etta M. Coburn.
P. G. : Elizabeth Shaw, chaplain. The ap
pointed officers were also Installed. During the i
evening Mrs. Shaw was, on behalf of the lodge,
presented a beautiful jewel.
ANCIENT ORDER UNITED WORKMEN.
Last Tuesday night the officers of Unity
i Lodge were publicly installed In Laurel Hall.
EblaU' build!!*.?. In the presence of a number '
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, SI7XDAY, JANDARY IC, 1898.
Board of Regents of the. State Univer
sity.
• * •
Franklin School boasts a freak In the
writing- line. David Minims of 3 Harri
son street, who is 11 years old, though
he can write In the ordinary way, finds
It much easier to hold his pencil in his
left hand, and beginning- at the top of
the page on the right side, forms his
letters upside down. .
• • •
Alexander B. Coffey has resigned
from the editorship of the educational
department on the Overland, and Mrs.
May L. Cheney, formerly private secre
tary to President Kellogg of the State
University, has been selected to nil the
vacancy.
• • •
The Beard of Trustee? of the Sar. Di
et" State Normal School will meet In
tii.it city on the 20th of this mmth to
consider plan? for the erection <>f the
new Normal School building. The Idea
of the board is to call for plans of such
a building costing In the neighborhood
of $100,000, <>f which only onr- section,
not to excoeti $35,000, will be erect
the present time. The board !s unanl
monsly of the opinion that the build
ing should not exceed two stories in
height. State Superintendent Black in
of the opinion that such should be the
case with every school building, at
least where there is plenty of land.
of the friends of the members by District Dep
uty A. W. Tuggey. after which there was v
programme that Included: Recitation. Frank
J. Murasky; violin solo. Miss Hunt, accompa
nied by Mr. Hunt on the piano; comic selec
i tions. Miss Christine Daley; barytone solo,
]:. Lowry, and an address by William Henry
Barnes, past grand master workman. There
wa» also a dance. The following are the of
ficers Install^ for the ensuing term: A. W.
Tugfey. P. M. W.; C. W. Peck. M. W.; John
M. Hyland, F. : 11. J. Trowbrldgo. O. : Robert
C. Ross, G. : Mortle Levy, I. W. ; F. Stenberg.
O. W. *;.,.-;
After the inotallatlon of the officers of Spar
tan Lodge, Past Grand Master Workman Ed
win Danforth. on behalf of the lodge, pre
sented Joseph Michaels, the retiring master
workman, a valuable gold watch and chain In
appreciation of his efforts on behalf of the
lodge during his term. The presentation was
followed by a programme of. speeches and
song.
The following officers of Terha Puena Lodge
were Installed last Friday night by Z. T.
Whltton. D.D-: J. hn Nelson. P. M. . R. E.
Slvas, M. W. ; R. E. Romer, F. : J. B. Clifford.
O. : Frank E. Bain. G. ; W. E. Bain. I. W. :
Thomas Gannon, O. W., and J. D. Shaler. T.
The lodge was visited by a delegation from
Franklin Lodge, and after the ceremony was at
an end the members and visitors were enter
tained with a programme of song, music and
speech. Retiring Master Nelson was presented
a fine badge.
Franklin Lodge has completed all its arrange
ments for the open meeting and social to he
given on the evening of next Friday. In Laurel
Hall, Shlels* building.
Deputy W. F. McN'aughton Installed the fol
lowing officers of Memorial Lodge last Mon
day: L. Borenson, P. W. M.; Benjamin Ran
dall, M. W.* Peter Waterdoll. F. : John Slater.
O.; C. Maskow. O. ; N. J. Staud. I. W., and P.
E. McCarthy. O. W.
District Deputy A. W. Tug-gey on last Thurs
day, with the assistance of Past Grand Master
Workman Danforth and other grand officer*.
lln«talh*d the officers of Park Lodge, and the
event was followed by a banquet and a social
hour.
South Berkeley Lodge Initiated two can
didates at Its last held meeting and then In
stalled its officers for the current term. The
officers of Hearts of Oak Lodge were publicly
Installed last Wednesday, and after addresses
by the grand master workman, the grand
receiver riri<l Past Grand Master Barnes, there
wax a choice musical programme and a ban
quet. The officers or Oak Leaf Lodge were In
stalled at • the last ■ held mating. William
Cogan Is the master workman. Ijxst Tues
day the officers of Alameda Lodge were Install
ed, and on Thursday those of Pacific Lodge
were Installed, the ceremony being conducted
by C. R. Haawell, D.D.
The Pacific drill team 1 will take part In the
contest before the Grand Lodge. Police Ser
geant W. J. Peterson . Is captain of the team
and is drilling It.
Keystone, Oak Leaf and Upchurch Lodgea
will hold Joint memorial services on Tuesday
next. - -• ■■-
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Star of El Dorado Lodge has been Instituted
by Past Grand Chief of Honor Mrs. Kate 8.
Poland at El Dorado. She was assisted by
Charles H. Dutton' as past grand chief of
honor and F. S. Poland as grand usher. A
social hour followed the Installation.
Lodge No. H was Instituted at Healdsburg
by Mrs. M. Pinkham. D. D. O. C. of H. Mount
Hamilton Lndce at San Jone and Oak Loaf
Lodge at Oakdale were Instituted last Thurs
day, the former by Mrs. J. Fuller, D. D.. and
the latter by Mrs. Klla Grossman, D. D.
The membership of the order ha» doubled
In the past Fix months.
1 The officers of Ivy Lodge were Installed last
Wednesday and the banners of the new ritual
were used for the first time.
THE NATIVE PONS.
Stanford Parlor Is making arrangements for
a grand subscription ball to be given in Na
tive Sons' Hall on the 2lßt of February.
On account or the illness of District Deputy
McCreery. Deputy Heverin on last Wednes
day Installed the officers of Alcalde Parlor and
those of Presidio Parlor last night.
. Cards are out for the installation party to be
given by Preclta Parlor in Mannerbund Hall
next Friday.
Olympus Parlor gave 1U annual reception In
The Southern California Teachers*
Association will convene in March in
Lofl Angeles. The star attraction will
be Superintendent J. M. Greenwood of
Kansas City, who is president of the
N. E. A. President Greeley has ar
ranged for eleven round tables, and
has invited a number of prominent ed
ucators who have signified their inten
tion and willingness to take part there
in.—Western Journal of Education.
» • «
The Western Publishing House has
lately issued Pollard's Speller, ;:nd it ia
being well received throughout the
Unit* The spelling used is
that adopted by the X. itional Teachers'
Association.
• • •
The Superior Court has finally set
tled the title to the location of th~ Shu
Diego Normal s.-hoo! on University
H-iu-hts, San Diego. Among the names
most prominently mentioned in connec
tion with the principalshlp are Freder
ick P.urk of Clark University, Hugh J.
Baldwin of National City, T. 11. Kirk
n Bernardino and C. T. Meredith
•if Los Angeles. — Western Journal of
Education.
• • •
Mrs. Tallinn TTinmnn Shuey, teacher
in Sheridan, Placer County, has writ
ten a volume of poems and a very in
teresting novel entitled "David of
Juniper Gulch. 1
• • •
Miss Jennie A. Beardsley of Fresno
was recently elected principal of Craf
ton School, Redlands, in place of J. C.
Condlt, resigned. In the same school
Professor McPherron has been employ
ed as special music teacher, and is do-
Ing excellent work.
• • •
At the last regular session of the
Boe.rd of Education in San Rafael cer
tificates were granted as follows: Mr.
N. B. Countryman, a high school certi
ficate on a diploma from Ann Arbor
University; Miss Etta McOue, a high
school certificate on a diploma from
the State University; Miss Mary Sea
born, a grammar grade certificate
from Solans; Miss Florence Boynton
of Belvedere, a grammar grade on the
same from Fresno Misa Adelaide B.
Latham, form- leno Valley, a
grammar grade on a normal school di
ploma, and Miss Carrie B. Seaborn of
Mill Valley, a grammar grade on
grammar prade from Contra Costa.
The papers of th^ recent graduation
examination i:-. c county were
■ i by the board and the following
were found to have attained the re
quired standing:
Novato — Gertrude Hayden, Jennie
WHAT PRESIDENT CHILDS THINKS OF INCREASING OUR
NORMAL SCHOOLS.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 1, 1898.
Editor San Francisco Call : Your recent editorial, "A Plethora cf Normal Schools," will,
[ think, receive the indorsement of all who have given this subject much attention. California
loes not need at present more than three rormal schools. The one about to be established in San
Okgo is uncal ed for, and w:ll be, to a censiderab'e extent, a waste of public money. Three
r.ormal schools, well supported by the State, wi I do all the work needed in the training of
'eachers, and very much better work than five or six poorly equipped schools can possibly do.
In the three 1 -rge towns of Los Angeles, San Jose and Chico, in which the three State
Normal schools are located, :ivi g is comparatively cheap — much cheaper than in smalkr towns
isking for normal schools. Parents will not gain iinancially, then, by establishing mor^ scho:ls
irarer home. Students in these large towns have educational advantages outside cf the normal
>chcols that are invaluable.
No other State in proportion to its population is expending so much money for State insti
tutions ani commissions. Aboish some of these commissions, consolidate some cf the State
institutions and enlarge existing State buildings instead of building new ones in ether places.
Taxpayers are justly demanding that our State expenses be greatly reduced.
V. H. CHILDS,
President State Teach rs* Association.
Devlsadero Hall last Wednesday, and It wai
attended by a large number of people.
Grand Trustee Cutler of Eureka came to this
city last week and as a member of the vlßlt-
InR board called on Han Francisco, Glen Ellen
and Sonoma i arlors last week, and next Tues
day he Will visit Stanford Parlor. On Thurs
day he will p> to Banta K 'sa and he will visit
I'rroltß Parlor on Friday.
The gran! . fleers will visit Oakland Parlor
n*xt Wedr.ps.lay, when the officer" will be In
stalled, and there will be a grand banquet.
THE NATIVE DAUGHTERS.
The ofSeen Of ?an Jose Parlor were Installed
last Saturday by District Deputy Zmudowskl
In the preserve of a large number of the mem
■rshlp.
I>n the afternoon and evening of the 25th
Irißt. the Native Daughters will hold a recep
tion in the main hall of the Native Sons'
building.
The officer? of Alta Parlor were Installed by
District Deputy T>r. Mary J Campbell, assisted
by Grand Treasurer Miss Lizzie Douglas* aa
grand marshal Mrs. Cor&aUa A. Miller, the
retiring president, was presented a pair of dia
mond earrings, and beautiful flowers wm
given to Man Meyer*, the Incoming' president.
Amonp • rot were: MtM Lily <^> f.etch
ling. founder of the order: Past Grand Pre«l
d»»nts Mrs TlUmaa, Him TWtalooa an.! Miss
Wllklns. Crand President Mrs. B. W. Conrad
and representatives of Minerva. Puena Vista.
Sans Souci. La Estrella, Orlnda. Oro Fino. Fre
mont. Golden Stnte. Tos^mlt". Mend^cino and
other parlor*. There was dancing after the
ceremony and refreshments were served during
THE AMERICAN OCTLD.
The recently elected officer* of San Fran
cisco Chapter of the American Guild were In
stalled last Tuesday night by R. W. McQarvle.
supreme depu'y covprnor for California. In the
pr— II IIP or quite a Inrge membership. The re
port of I *nHon showed that the chap
ter during the past year made a remarkable ln
erease and that It starts the new year entirely
free fr<->m d*bt and with prospects of a good
Increase In memher«htp In the near future.
The Supreme Chapter, located In Richmond.
Va.. recently made some slight changes In the
constitution nnd laws, which It Is believed will
do much to alvance the on'or. Initiation fees
have hern abolished and rates for young mem
h"r* hare been reduced In order to make them
ni"r<» equitable.
San Francisco Chapter, -which on the night
of Installation met for the first time In Balboa
Hall. Native Sons* building, appointed a com
mittee to make arrangements for the proper
celebration of Its anniversary, which will fall
on the first week In March.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
I I>ast Tuesday night the officers of Golden
| Gate Council who are to serve for the cur
rent term were Installed by Deputy J. N.
| Bunting, assisted by J. 'R. McOufflck of Cal-
I fomla Council as usher. From the remarks of
! President Norman R. Alter, who was chosen
i to serve for another term, the council will
during the present term strive hard to forge
ahead and to take a position in the front rank.
As an earnest of what the "council through
its chief officer announced, it that night Ini
tiated seven candidates. After the ceremonies
of the evening the council's now quartet, com
posed-of C. Shnll.~nh*rg. Pr K. I. Taylor. C.
1 F. Heywo<,.] and C. H. Hasty, rendered sev
eral choice selections. Speaker W. A. Wallls,
Cord Wetien and .1 Semarlu told amusing
stories and Mr. Glrard favored with a vocal
selection. The council Is preparing for an en
tertainment on Washington's birthday.
The officers of Pacific Council were Installed
by President Hastings of the cabinet In the
presence of a good number of the membership
last week. At the close of the meeting Speaker
.1. O. Menzles Introduced the "Snowball
Team." that furnished Rood darky music: A.
M Head gave a comic and a pathetic recita
tion, and others helped to make the evening a
pleaßant one. Th» council will not. during the
year, give a grand entertainment, but will
have an open meeting after the close of busi
i ness each month.
THE EXKMPT FIRKMEN.
At the annual reunion of the Exempt Fire
Company, held last Monday night. ex-Judge
Robert Ferral. in an eloquent address deliv
ered, in which he paid a well deserved tribute
to those old -Irenvn who did bo much for the
benefit of the city in days pone by. rave some
very interesting figures about the company. He
said that the total number of firemen who be
came exempt between 1330 and ISCG was 1231.
this number being exclusive of those who
served less than five years In the volunteer
department. The company, he said, at one
time had £28 names op Its - membership? roll,
made up of the 1291 who were eligible. . During
th« thirty years of lt» existence the company
has burled more than 400 ex-firemen, 320 re
FIRST AMERICAN PUBLIC SCHOOL IN CALIFORNIA.
In December, 1848, the first American public school in California, which had been originally opened In the previous
April by Mr. Marsten, but was closed during the gold excitement of the summer and autumn, reopened and flourished In
the first public school building in the State. This was situated on Portsmouth Square, fronting on Clay street, and was
called the Public Institute. In the same building also, there being as yet no church, Protestant religious worship was con
ducted regularly every Sunday by a minister named T. D. Hunt, whose salary was paid by general subscription.
This old building was also the assembly-room of all the early gatherings of the OJd Fellows, and served as a hall
for all social, political and military meetings. Some years later it became a Court House under Judge Almond, then
degraded to a police station, and was finally demolished In the early fifties.
V. Oliver, Grace Erhart.
Lincoln— V. C. Mathl, Alfred W.
Smith.
Tomales— Nellie Clark. Edith Guay,
Nellie McPhilllps. Kate Trainor.
Chileno Valley — Arthur Frasler,
Americo Bloom.
« • •
The Teachers' Mutual Aid Society of
San Francisco held its regular semi
annual business meeting on January
14.
elfrned or were dropped from the roll for non
payment "f dues and others have died, and
now the memb»n«rilp Is but 94. nearly half of
which are infirm. As near as can be ascer
tained, of th»- I^l eligible* but 30S are alive.
The speaker then said: "Notwithstanding the
Kreat services rendered by this body of men,
they never received any recognition from the
municipality except the lease of the Exempts'
h"use for a period of fifty years, and It «
until the Legislature of 1595. that authorized
the Supervisors to set aside a sum nnt exceed
ing IU.MI for the relief of aged and Infirm
firemen who became Exempts, that they re
ceived any pecuniary aid. There are now
sixty-two old firemen who are receivine a
monthly pittance from this allowance, and <">ut
out of this but twelve are members of the Ex-
Mnpt Fir" Company.
"The averapf ;i(tf of those who are receiving
alii Is «9 v.-ars. The pittance alluded to has,
however, been the means of keeping a num
ber of old firemen out of the Almshouse an.l
saving many of them from a pauper's grave."
Calling attention to the banquet he said: "The
cost of this and other banquets the Exempts
have given of late years has n.>t come out of
this fund, but the expenses were met by mem
* the company and the wines have al
wayi been furnished by A. P. Hotallng, him
self an old fireman, who has always refused
to accept pay for the same."
INDEPENDENT FORESTER?.
The officer* of Court Yerba Buena were In
stalled last Tuesday and the work was done
In a very impressive manner. The officers for
the term are: J. W. Keller. P. C R. ; A. H.
Boialn. C. R : Louis Metter. V. C. R. : Ben I.
Salomon. R. S. : L. Ballurt. F. S. : Emll Pe
trosckl. T.; Walter I. A very. P. W.j P. J. Me-
Cabe J. \V. : John Koshnltzkl, S. B. ; U
I.tphthody. chaplain: Dr. H. M. Beck, physi-
Th<> officers of Court Endeavor were Installed
by Chief Deputy Ben I. Salomon on "Wednes
day niuht, those of Court Mission on Thurs
day night Rnd those of Court Golden Era on
| Friday nleht.
liiph Chief Ranger McElfresh will be here
during February and be In the city about a
week. The week of his stay will be a jubilee
IMM and on eseh night some court will be In
I session to welcome him. As yet the pro-
I gramme has not been fully decided upon, but
1 the indications are that the week will be an
; Interesting one In the annals of the order in
; this pnrt of the jurisdiction.
The officers of Court Southern Heights at
South San Francisco will be installed next
Tuesday nltrht.
Th* officers of Court Monterey were tn
'■ stalled last Wednesday by Deputy High Chief
, Ranger William Kay. assisted by J. K. Oliver.
* The new chief ranger Is A. Garriek.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
The recently elected officer* of Court Sutro
Heights were installed last Friday night by
Deputy Samuel L. Waller, assisted by P. Liv
ingston, P. C. R. The new officers of the
court are men well versed In the needs of the
and of the court in particular, and they.
together with the membership, which is corn
p. set of active and energetic young men. will
(1 • much during the current term to advance
the court, raise the numerical strength of the
court and keep up Its high standard.
I Miring the evening there was the Installation
of two candidates, and Junior 'Woodward Hugo
B. Anher. who was present during the cere
mony, stated at its close that he had come
with the view to Instruct the court In the new
work, hut to his surrrise he had discovered
that the court's officers did not need instruc
tion, bat hnd. In fact. Instructed him in the
exempllflcntlon of the ritual. Deputy Waller
«»lso made some pleasant congratulatory re
marks.
Frank Powers, chief ranger: "William Bell,
recording secretary, and other officers of Court
Rnnita were installed recently by District
Deputy Chapo. with the usual ceremonies of
the order. Last Monday this court rare a
social that was attended by a large number of
people, and the programme of dance provided
was very much enjoyed by all present.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST. F. O. A.
Last Thursday night Grand Chief Companion
Mrs. Emma Harrington. Grand Marshal Mrs.
Mary Connell and others paid a visit to Pride
of Columbia Circle, and on Friday night they
visited Villains Belle Circle.
Inter No* Circle had a pleasant meeting last
Wednesday night and after the transaction of
the business before It there was a social hour
that was productive of much enjoyment. This
circle Is at work preparing for its basket so
cial, to be given In the latter part of the
.current month. , . ,
Robin Hood Circle on Thursday night last
save a chrysanthemum party In the Alcazar
Social Hall, and th» number of people who at
tended and enjoyed the dances that were ar
ranged for the evening, was a very flattering
evidence of the popularity of the oirole. The
affair was a decided success and the commit
tee that arranged it was thanked for its ef
forts to entertain all present.
THE CHOSEN FRIENDS.
The officers of Sunset Council were Installed
FROM AN OLO PRINT.
The Public. School Teachc-rs 1 Annu
ity and Retirement S '' San
Francisco was organized for the pur
poses set forth in its constitution:
"First— To secure the passage of
proper amendments to the present law
known as 'The School Teachers' Annu
ity and Retirement act.'
"Second— To create funds for carry
ing out the provisions of che act."
This society numbers at present
about 500 members, and holds its an
last week by Deputy F. A. Taylor. On last
Tuesday the same officer Installed the officers
of Concord Council, and after the ceremonies
there was a banquet In a neighboring restaur
ant.
Last Tuesday M Marks, councilor, and J.
M. Morale, recording secretary, and the other
officers of America Council were Installed by
Deputy Goldberg. The Fame night Grand
Councilor Boehm and Grand Recorder WalliE
Installed the officers of Benicla Council at
Benicia. after which there was a banquet In
honor of the visiting officer?.
Last night the officers of Pacific Council were
Installed by Deputy Taylor and Grand Coun
cilor Bi.ehm.
Last night Grand Recorder "Wallis and Su
preme Vice Councilor Hutton Installed the of
ficers of the council at Belmont, and when
the business of installation was over, the vis
iting grand officers were guests of honor at a
banquet.
Last Thursday night Social Council held an
open meeting, at which there were present a
number of the friends of the members, who
were entertained with a very pleasant pro
gramme of music, literary efforts and dancing.
Next Tuesday Past Supreme Councilor Ar
nold and Grand Recorder Wallls will visit San
Jose for the purpose or' Installing the officers
of Garden City Council in public. The ' event
will be followed by a social hour.
Next Wednesday District Deputy A. O.
Baker will install the officers of Washington
Council. The same evening the members of
Germanla Council will give a social in Alca
zar Social Hall. ,
Next Thursday Grand Councilor Boehm and
Grand Recorder Wallis will visit Dixon for the
purpose of Installing the officers of Solano
Council.
The officers of Berkeley Council will be in
stalled on the 22.1 lnst. by District Deputy
Mrs. M. C. Dean.
N^xt Thursday Social Council will give a
card party to members of the order and
friends.
KNIGHTS OF PYTHIAS.
Grand Chancellor Grant will visit Golden
Seal Ixxlgre on Tuesday, Gait Lodge on the
19th. Vesper Lodge on the 20th. Rathbone Lodge
on the 21st and Amador Lodge on the 23d.
H. Schaffner, G. K. of R. and S.. will re
sume his lectures on the laws of the order be
fore Unity Lodge next Thursday.
Zerin Kapl Lodge will. (toon make a pilgrim
age to Benlcia. when tryos from that place,
Vallejo. Suisun, Rio Vista, Dlxon, Vacaville,
Davlsvllle, Woodland and other places will be
Inducted Into the mysteries of the order.
Next Tuesday Mars Lodge will celebrate Its
anniversary by a banquet. The same night
South San Francisco Lodge will entertain, and
on the following night Laurel Lodge will give
an entertainment and dance to its friends.
Last Wednesday Bay City Lodge conferred
the Knight rank in long form for the first
time, and did the work admirably.
Lomr>oc Lodge, during the last term, had a
net gain of twenty-six. T. M. Blythe of Red
lands instituted Highlands Lodge at the place
of that name last Monday. Redlands Lodge
reports a gain of thirty during the past term.
Ocean Wave Lodge will be instituted at Long
Beach. Los Angeles, on th« 22d lnst.
The officers of Monterey Lodge, of which Al
dishing Is the. new chancellor, were Installed
at the last meeting of the lodge.
RATHBOWE PISTERS.
The following offlcera of San Francisco Tem
ple No. 11 were on last Thursday Installed
for the current term by Dcra Lelsen, D. P.
G. C. assisted by Mrs. Annie Terry, Q. S.. and
Mrs. Grace Bray. G. M. Mrs. Florence Wear.
P. C. : Mrs. Ida M. Brook. M. E. C. : Mrs. S. P.
Daggett, B. S. ; Mrs. Ida Mecredy. E. J. : Miss
May Dunn, manager; Mrs. Emma Schofleld.
M. of R. and C. : Mrs. Ada E. Xercuire, M. of
F. : Mrs. Jessie Marshall, P. of T. ; Mrs. Dora
Lelsen, G. of O. T. After the Installation
there was a banquet, after which there was .i
dance, the ladles belnr: Joined by the member
ship 3f Unity and Golden Gate "Lodges of the
Knights of Pythias.
IMPROVED ORDER OF REP [
There was a public raisins: up of the elective
chiefs of Modoc Tribe In the Fraternal hall of
the Red Men's building last Thursday nlKht.
and the beautiful ceremony was Witnessed by
an audience that crowded the hall to Its ut
most capacity. The new chiefs are: If. Stev
ens. S. ; V. de Marals, 8. B. : H. .1. Hoay, J.
S. ; I. J. Chapman, P.; U. A. Lewis, C. of R. :
P. L. Bliss. C. of \V.. and F. B. Jones, K. of
W. The ceremony wan by 11. 11. Cole, D. D.,
assisted by an able corps .of jcrent chief*.
After the ceremony, which was One «f Iho brat
carried out that has ever been n<-ii..-,i lttVfti
order, there mi a ball, that was koi«t «v> un
til It was time to tuk--> the lu»t ru»r. nmt tt \vu»
a decided success. The credit of Ihl* very ad
mirably conducted affair Is duo |.i li, i. fiooy,
O. Mattson, J. R. Rockman. H. >■."-■■.:. and 1.
J. Chapman, the committee on ;u i.m jemima*.
Wlnr.ebagro Tribe -wan Instituted to mom,"
mento on the Sth lnst. in the pr«H«no« of Urcat
nual election In November of each
and its regular meetings on the
third Friday of each school month.
The dues of the society are $1 per year.
At the last annual meeting Joseph
O'Connor was elected president, Miss
Cleveland vice-president, L. A. Jordan
re-elected secretary and Mr. McCarty
treasurer.
The following is a quotation from re
cent circulars sent out to members of
the society:
•'The present law provides that 25 per
cent of all contributions shall be set
apart as a permanent fund, and that
these payments into this fund shall
continue until they amount to $50,000,
after which time the earnings of the
permanent fund shali go to swell the
annuity fund proper.
"It has been evident from the incep
tion that the contributions from teach
ers and the share of absence money
allowed by the law will ultimately
prove insufneent to pay the specified
$50 per month to annuitants.
"In order to increase the annuity and
retirement fund it has been decided to
hold a monster festival and bazaar,
such as has been done in other cities,
about Thanksgiving of the present
year, in which the teachers and public
school children will be asked to take
part.
"It has been thought that many ex
cellent features of a bazaar might be
secured through the sewing, cooking
and manual training departments. In
the way of keeping down expenses, it
was proposed to have a children's or
chestra.
This bazaar will probably be held in
the Mechanics' Pavilion. Of the com
mittee on ways and means Joseph
O'Connor is chairman and Miss A. B.
Gavigan of the Clement Grammar
School is secretary. A second commit
tee, composed of Miss Jessie Smith,
Miss Gavigan and Mrs. Pray, was re
cently appointed to learn why the rest
of the teachers in the department do
not join the society, which has such
worthy objects in view. *■
I— " ■ I
Chief of Records Burgman, Great Junior Saga
more Wilson. Deputy Gordon, Past Great
Pafhem Pponcer and visitors from Oisumnea,
Red Cloud and Red Jacket tribes. Of the
sixty-nine who petitioned for the new trlbs,
fifty-seven were present and adopted, after
which there wap a banquet. H. J. Winters Is
the sachem of thp new tribe.
The chiefs of Tecumseh Tribe were raised up
last week after the tribe had adopted a pale
face and received a rod man by card.
J. P. Magiilre, retiring sachem of Bald Eagle
Tribe, was last week presented a beautiful
ring as a tok»n of the tribe's appreciation of
his services.
Manzanita Tribe on last Wednesday night
presented a magnificent emblematic badge to
Rudolph Horber. the retiring sachem, Henri- A.
ChaiP. P. G. S.. making the presentation on
behalf of the tribe.
KNIGHTS AND LADIES OF HONOR.
Buy City Lodge of the Knights and Ladies of
Honor has issued cards of Invitation for the
installation of it? officers and for an enter
tainment to be given in Red Men's Hall on the
evening of Monday, the 24th. The commutes
promises a first class programme, and an
nounces that no one who attends will be under
any cxi
Grand Protector Mrs. Belle W. Conrad haa
announced the following visits: Gol'len Rule
Lodge. January 27; Martha Lodge, »th; West
End Lodge. February 1; Magnolia Lodge, 2d;
Pacific Lodge. Sth: Bay City Lodge. 14th: Em
pire Lodge. ISth. and Aurora Lodge. March 21.
Grand Deputy Mrs. D. J. Kaplan Insalled the
officers of Golden Rule I^odge last week.
Terba Bu?na Lo.lge will give its sixth an
nual masque carnival In Germania Hall. Pan
Jose, on Friday, the 2Sth inst. This lodge In
stalled Its officers last week. J. E. O'Connor
is the protector.
DEGREE OF POCAHONTAS.
Pocahontas Council No. S at Its last hell
meeting had Its chiefs raised by District Dep
uty Laurlne Tilley. After the work had been
performed In a very acceptable manner, a light
repast was served to the mcmbere and visitor*
from all tne councils in this portion of the res
ervation. Then followed dancing, that was kept
up for some time.
A report from Angels shows that Cherokee
Council at that place Is doing 1 remarkably well
Started about six months ago with thirty-nnefc
members. it has nearly doubled its member-™
ship, and has now six applications on file.
THE JUNIOR ORDER.
The State councilor left this morning for the
southern part of the State to make official
visits in company with Vice Councilor Bellin
ger. On the 17th they will visit John Adams
Cooncfl in I.cs Angeles, the next day t'nlv.-r
■. Council in the same city: on the l!>th
San Diego CoqncU: Hancock Council In Los
Angeles on the 20th; Union Council in the
same city on the 21st. and on the 2M they
will attend a meeting of the State h. .ard of
officers. The State councilor will return on
the 2tth.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR,
After the Installation of the officers of Yexba
Pufnn Ixvls-e !;iHt Monday, Arthur Logan, the
retirin.tr past dictator, was presented a gold
watch or. behalf of the lod^e.
The officers of Liberty L.xlfre were Installed
by Deputy Summers. The officers of Anchor
Lodre were publicly Installed en Monday and
twenty applications were received, after which
there was a social. The officers of Golden
State Lodge were installed by Deputy McPher
son on Tuesday.
Last Wednesday the (rrand trustees met and
formulated plans for the advancement of the
order for the coming year and - then visited,
Occidental Lodge to witness the installation of
officers.
Fortuna Lodge was visited last Thursday by
Grand Dictator Archibald, Grand Dictator
Thomson. 'Irani Reporter Johnstone and Dis
trict Deputl Summers. Gnrthorne and Faulds,
and during the ening the officers of the
loiisre were Installed by Deputy Faulds,
Grand Truste Mac lonald, for twelve years
chief engineer of. the Edison Electric Light
Company, has acoopted a position offered him
by the Hawaiian Sugar Company and In a few
days will leave for the islands.
■; !'.;: DRUIDS,
District Deputy A. Olmo en last Monday tn^
stltuted Giordano Grove at Bisson with forty*
nine members. . .
g Last Tuesday Aurora Grove received two ap-.
plications and conferred the first degree, This "^
grove Is arranging for its first anniversary ball, f
to be given in Mission Parlor Hall on March
5, This will be an Invitation affair to mem
bers of the order only, This la one of tha
prosperous groves of the city,
A largo number of the members of San Fran-*
olsca Grove on last Tuesday attended the fu
neral of the late Mrs, John Duesdom, wife of
I th« nobla arch of tno grove,HERE IS A MEW METHOD OF DISPOSING OF THE DEAD.
AT last science has awakened
need of a more m
and li
disposing of the dead th
burial in the ground. F
the question of this di
of humanity's mortal remains has at
tracted the attention 1 of learned men of
all countries, but without a bo
any more I iry than cremation.
Now, however, a body of scientists
have invented a plan that, it is
claimed, will dissipate much of the
gloom of death and abolish the bar
baric custom of interment. They pro
pose to build huge mausoleums in the
suburban districts of New York that
will, be "homes for the dead" — build
ings fashioned after the pattern of
great palaces, and as artistically and
commodiously arranged inside as any
library. To these sumptuous quarters
the future dead of New York will be
taken and placed in handsome private
rooms, where they will be subjected
to a simple yet effective process that
will preserve or "mummify" them for
all time to come. Years after a per
son is dead his or her friends may
drive up to the magnificent building,
through it.« flowered lawns, and by
simp!;, entering one of Its scores of pri
vate apartments gaze upon the life
like form and features of the departed,
whose remains lie there as if in sleep.
Reese Carpenter, an official of a large
nearby cemetery, pronounces the new
method an admirable one. He says
that by it the bodies of the dead can
be preserved intact for an Indefinite
period of time — forever if desired —
that it will take from future funerals
and last ceremonies all their most har
rowing features, and will enable rela
tives and friends to participate in the
rites without detriment to their own
health, as is now so often the case. It
will make it impossible, he says, for a
person to be buried alive.
When a body is taken to the pro
posed mausoleum it will Immediately
GIRLS'
BACHELOR
CLUBS.
IF you wish t<-> see a group of pretty,
vivacious, intelligent and thoroughly
Independent nineteenth century
maidens, of a true American type,
Just stop long enough at Cape May.
New Jersey, to catch a glimpse of
the Bachelor Maids' Club, an associa
tion of twelve charming marriageable
young women, who have banded to
gether to protect themselves from the
wiles of unworthy members of the other
ccx.
The members of the club are the
Misses Lillian Miller, . Marion Hand.
Harriet Hall, Louisa Bush, Edna
Bailey, Beble Uoak, Emma Ewing, Lot
tie Hughes, Ethel Kennedy, Louisa
Whitney, Louisa Miller and Florence
Whitney. The organization has only
three officers — Miss Lillian Miller, pres
ident; Miss Marlon Hand, vice-presi
dent, and Miss Harriet Hall, secretary
and treasurer.
While the duties of the president are
somewhat exacting, in consequence of
the grave responsibilities imposed upon
her, the functions of the treasurer are
not especially burdensome. The presi
dent ia supposed to know the inward
life and yearning of each member of
the fraternity, and to give kindly ad
vfee in all matters affecting the dig
nity, character and loyalty of the or
ganization.
The perpetuation of celibacy Is not
contemplated, as every member is in
favor of marriage, but it must be a
marrlntre of the idea! standard Bet by
the club. Accordingly the twelve young
m«n somewhere In "this broad world
who would willingly marry these
twelve winsome misses must throw
away their vices and prepare them-
Belves to answer some questions like
these:
Do you drink, or smoke, or chew, or
wear a silk hat in summer with a blue
serge *uit, or lie in bed in the morn-
Ing while your father shovels coal into
the heater, or give expression to wicked
words when y<ni strike your thumb
with a hammer?
Do you earn enough to support a
wife? Can you see a flower store with
out being directed to it. Do you write
lov* letters with a p«n<-il? How many
cousins of the feminine gender have
you. What becomes of your temper
when you lose your collar "button ? Do
you ride a iast year's wheel? Are you
fond of ice cream and soda water and
poetry? Above all, do you sympathize
with the members of the Bachelor
Maids' Club in their efforts to promote
happy marriages?
Should these queßtlonß be answered
satisfactorily the ideal man may get
the number of votee necessary to make
him happy for the balajice of his life.
be placed in a specially prepared sep
ulchre, made ready to receive it This
sepulchre is a little larger than an or
dinary coffin, and the body is placed
in It prone. At the head of the sepul
chre is a small hole to which is at
tached a tube, through which by
means of a fan wheel a current of dry
chemicalized air is gently driven over
the remains, escaping through a sim
ilar hole near the feet. Prior to enter
ing the sepulchre the air passes
through an i pen vat of sulphuric acid.
The chemical action of the acid upon
the air removes all moisture from it.
After leaving the coffin or sepulchre
the air passes through a hot furnace
and returns to the outer world through
a tall chimney. The furnace kills any
infectious germs which the air might
have .aught up in passing through the
coffin. The body is subjected to the
dry air process for thirty days. Then
the current is stopped, the tubes are
removed and the body is in a state of
preservation in which, it is claimed, it
will remain for centuries. The features
do not alter in the least, nor does the
skin discolor. The latter, it la said, at
tains a white, marble!;: appearance,
and the flesh becomes hard and firm.
While the process reduces the weight
of the body, it does not seem to re
duce its bulk.
The first experiments v.N-re
upon the bodies of animals. In th
of even a pig, despite the thl
its cuticle, the ■ ■ ,-,,.
cess i
tion <-f r? • [ n niri"
- Ihe pig UilJ
from twenty-two poundi I
a half pounds, although it remained to
all outside appearances as plum] I
rotund ris at first. This -
particularly interesting ■ n account
of the dissection that followed th'
pletion of the process. The effect of
desiccation upon the tissues were as
certained; Interstices were left where
the fatty matter had been, and the dry-
Ing of the muscular and fibrous tissues
had changed the interior of the sub
ject to a cellular and sponeelike struc
ture.
It tak*-s a brave young fellow, howev
er, to face th<> three i petty
the club, and unless he b> j well - ■
in diplomacy he i? likely to Care the
for tho encounter.
.As yet no constitution or bylaw? have
been adopted, but the inflexible rules
prevailing make it obligatory upon the
live bridegroom to
go undpr probation for one year. At
be to to appear be
fore a board of examiners, consisting
of s< • bers, exclusive of th-- one
whose hand he is seeking, to undergo
MYSTERIOUS TOMB OF GENGIS-KHAN.
Standing in a Lonely Place in the Wilds of Thibet It Has Been Guarded for Six Hundred Years by the
Descendants of the King.
M. BONIN.
SOME six hundred miles west of
Peking, the Tartar capital of the
Chinese empire, under the great
bend of the Hoang Ho, or Yellow
River, in the country of the Ordos. ;
a strange people hitherto but little j
known, stands the tomb of the once j
mighty Mongol conqueror, Ghengis
Khan.
The spot was visited some months
ago by the famous French explorer, M.
Banin, in the course of his remarkable
Journey from Tonking across the up
per valleys of the Yangtse Kiang and
Hoang Ho to Aurga, in Southeastern
THE SAX FHAXCISCO (ALT., SUNDAY, JAM'AUV 10, I,Si)S.
Experiments wre then tried
m bodies, with the same satisfac
f these b<
•t a man who weighed 164 pounds'
ned continually for a ■
months after having b
I I- the treatment, and •
of that time the ski- lored
in the slightest, it was as white
• although dry nnd : when
touched had a feeling somewhat
•r. The face and features u-r.
as p-rfect as when the man died.
Prom this and other tests scientists
claim that dislocation by this method
will preserve a body from all ti
another rigid examination as to his
purposes and ambitions in life. if he
passes this trying ordeal he has no
further trouble to- fear.
It frequently happens that the care
fully groomed and industrious young
men of the wave swept city are asked
to attend informal receptions and
musicales, and the promptness with
which they pen a reply to the daintily
perfumed card of invitation is sufficient
evidence in itself of the high esteem
in which the Bachelor Maids' Club is
held.
Siberia. Besides traveling over more
than 1000 miles <>f entirely new r
through regions heretofore almost un
ki!<>\vn to the outside world, If. Banin
WAS ;ili!<.- to achieve the distinction <if
belnp the first European ever received
by the Ordos and allowed to visit the
■acred spot where rest the remains of
the great Tartar chieftain.
The place Is calied "Etjin Karo,"
"The Palace of the Lord." and lies
about eighty miles south of the city
of Khoukou Khoto, on the Hoang Ho,
down the valley of which the explorer's
route laid.
decomposition and transform it into a
condition in which it will main an in
definite length of time. In this climate
moisture is not regained in sufficient
quantity to reinaugurate decay.
The architectural design of the pro
posed mausoleum is very elaborate. The
building is to be surrounded by lawns
and Sower bordered drives, and If the
intentions of the men who are to erect
it are carried out it will, to a visitor,
appear very much like one of our great
public museums or libraries. Nowhere
will there be any semblance of mourn
ing or anything to Indicate the pres
ence of death. t
It was foreign to the purpose of the
dub t>- attract the an- ntion of Lhi
■ide world when II a Its
eventful career at th ■ • gum
much pul
uiv»-n to its unique methods th;.
evi i-y mall brings n letter bub
bling ov< r with lo' of its
■ ; of it la
me from entire
strangers, who naively . that
they are waiting to marry fust such
girts ;is the Ba< helor Maidit.
of men, who.
THE TOMB OF GENGIS-KAHN.
The Ordos arc a strange people,
transplanted by an accident, as it
were, from another land to a place not
of their* own choosing. They are the
• ndants of the Tartar hordes
whom Ohengis Khan was leading
i from the wilds of Mongolia to the as
sault of the Creat Wall of China, when
h<- was assassinated at th" instigation
of his third wife, "Ragha Etjin," "The
little Sultana."
Here at "Etjin Karo," where he died,
I far from his seat of power at Samar
! cand, his remains were placed in 1227,
j under the care ot his Immediate fol
lowers, the soldiers of his body guard.
On entering the great building the
visitor will And himself in ;i beautifully
hall, not unlike the main
halls .. hot"ls. The walls will
be frescoed, not with with scenes of
sorrow or images recalling unpleasant
• with bright, rich and de
and at the end of the
hall wil ■ a spacious and beautifully
arrai rvatory. ( >n either side
of the hall doors will open into ;
tion and retiring rooms, and elevators,
as in a modern hotel, will take visitors
to the Boon above." Here, as well as
on the mai:i floors, doors will open into
private rooms, and in these rooms the
priding themselves upon their good
looks, the photographers' art
sisi them In th.ir mute eloquence.
Photographs come from everywhere,
from Maine to Texas, but, like th
ters, they an 1 consigned to the tiames.
Miss Marion Hand, th vice-president,
received son.,, days ago a loving epis
tle from a self-styled young farmer in
far-away Oregon, who begged \"
iy for her He was profuse in
his indorsement of the principles of the
md prayed that permission might
!■•• grant) 1 to Miss Hand to answer his
To this day the descendants of his
body guard keep constant watch over
the tomb, ever expecting his awaken
ing to a new and grander career of
conquest, as predicted by the Mongol
legends.
Under a huge canopy or tent of white
felt rests Urn coffin of pure silver con
taining all that remains of the "Great
Khar.." BeaMe it la his saddle of gold,
his two-bladed sword and his bow with
his arrows, planted feather up in the
ground. The Ordos revere him as a
god, and recognize no other. Their
chief, the King of Djoungar, Is his
thirty-seventh and last direct male de
scendant. He lives with his five wives
"mummified" remains will be found in
placid
To render premature burial — or, more
properly, premature desiccation — lm
ble, as Boon as a body is placed
in the sepulcher an electrical apparatus
is adjusted to it, so that the slightest
movement of limb or muscle will start
an alarm in the chief watcher's room
and also in the office, which will con
tinue ringing for hours or until the
body is visited. A specially devised in
dicator will direct the attention of the
dlan to the particular sepulcher
In which the movement has taken
place. In addition to this a custodian
communication. Thus far the club has
refused to vote up<">n the question, and
th.> probabilities are that the lovesick
farmer w!!1 be denied the realization of
his supplication.
CLUB BROKEN UP BY A MARRIAGE.
CHICAGO, Jan. 16.— The coming mar-
Miss Minnie Olson, presitU-nt
of the Anti-Marrlacr? Chip' Vlub of Ev T
anston, will break up the club. It was
formed three months at,'" by ten popu
lar society girls of the suburb, who had
NIECE OF THE KING OF DJOUNGAR.
and his niece, the nearest to him in the
line of descent, in a wonderful palace
built of bricks that wore trans-,
on the backs of camels across the wide
desert.
In this loneiy place far out in the
desert from where any people would
choose an abiding place these people
have lived for nearly seven hundred
yeirs, generation after generation,
with no other object than to guard the
slumbers of him whose career was, as
they believe, but interrupted for a
time, expecting him to arise and again
lead them on and finish the great work
he began in directing the destiny of the
nations of the world.
will regularly visit each sepulchre.
The entire cost of desiccating a body
and giving it a permanent resting place
in this masoleum will be but $70. Pri
vate rooms will, of course, cost more,
just as do suites of rooms in a hotel,
and the rich man who desires such an
expensive apartment for the sepulcher
of himself and his entire family will be
charged accordingly, and he may lav
ish as much money for decoration and
rearrangement as he desires.
The estimated cost of the first mau
soleum to be built is somewhat over
$300,000, exclusive of land, and it will
accommodate 15,000 bodies.
THE
FASHIONABLE
FAD
grown weary of the society of the
sterner sex.
Articles of confederation were drawn
up forbidding any of the members to
marry within five years. There were
eight charter members, and Miss Olson
was the leading spirit in drafting the
bylaws and bringing about a perma
nent organization. The other members
of the club say the ideals of the club
will now be scoffed at to such an ex
tent that it will go to pieces.
The "coming-out" event of the club
was celebrated at Kinsley's in Septem
ber, and Miss Olson says the "closing
up" event will probably take place Just
before her marriage. c- ,;.:;■
Miss Olson says that, besides herself,
already two of those who with all so
lemnity took an oath, to remain single
for at least five years have become en
gaged, and that the announcements
■will soon be made.
A SCHEME OF THE GIRLS.
BOSTON, Jan. — Three enthusias
tic anti-marriage clubs have just been
organized here by young marriageable
women. Officers have been elected,
and the strangest rules against mar
riage have been formulated and signed
by the charter members.
Miss Beatrice Chase, president of the
biggest and most enthusiastic club, the
Miles Standish Anti-Marriage Club, on
being asked about the cause of this
new movement among the sex, replied
frankly:
"Haven't you noticed yet that girls
who get up these anti-marriage clubs
and are the most enthusiastic in sup
porting them are always among the
very first to get married? Well, we
want to be at the very head of this pro
cession that is marching toward the al
tar. Do. you knew any better way
than the anti-marriage club?"
■ ♦ »
An American gentleman, residing in
Berlin, taught a little German boy the
simple stanzas, "Ding-dong bell" and
"Twinkle, twinkle, little star." On be
ing asked to write the words of these
poems, as he thought they were
spelled, the boy produced the follow
ing, according to the Home Guard:
Dinn, dann, bell, Pussls In wl well,
Hupurterlnn, llttell Ranr.i tmien.
Hutuckeraut littell Tamml Truat
Wardarnortlbeu was tat
v/Yy .Tudraun Purpussslkat.
. Twlnke!, TwUkel, Ilttell star,
Hauelwander wad Juar,
 . Ababa* wl woel bo hel
Leikeldolrmnnn In wl*kl.
. «■ » _
Very satisfactory . trials have been
■ recently made of a lifeboat made of
i pumice stone, which it was found
i would remain afloat. with a load, even
j when full of water. * .-'
2930
Personal News from along the Coast
THE i week has been an unusually
quie; among Pacific Coast people.
I? i- . sua! calm following the hol
iday season. Among those mentioned
are a large number who are preparing
for a trip to the Klondike as soon as
the weather permits. A larger than
usual number of marriages are re
ported.
Auburr..
James and Maggie Eheridan of Butcher
Ranch were In Auburn Wednesday.
Miss Juliet Sander spent Sunday with friends
at Col fax.
Mrs. Guy Walsh has returned from a visit
to Calaveras County.
Mrs. J. F. Uodee returned from a visit to
Lincoln Tuesday. Phe was accompanied by
her father. E. J. Sparks.
Ivan H. Purker of Colfax wie called to Au
burn Thursday by the death of his father,
which occurred at Penryn Wednesday.
Mrs. E. W. Tabor of Escondido. CaJ.. 1«
visiting her sons. B. P. and A. R. Tabor.
Mrs A. F Merrick of Santa Rosa is visit
ing her mother. Mrs. R. S. Futhey.
Mrs Vi J Strain ar.d Mrs. O. F. Rtoodley
of MarysvTlle were called to Auburn this week
by the death of their father, J. B. Ohamber
lin.
Cards are out announcing the approaching
nuptials of Miss Genevieve Klder, one of Au
burn's most popular daughters, and George
Pickson, a rhilmad conductor running out of
Sacramento. Weddins. January 16.
The following out-of-town people were here
during the week: W. Wiles. J. 9. Mariner,
Lincoln: William Rea. Forest Hill; R. H.
Capp. Rocklln; J. F. Brown, Colfax: E. G.
Herman and J. B. Hayford, Gold Run; A.
Dlxon, Michigan Bluff.
Bakersfield.
Mrs M A. Duncan and daughter, sister and
nir-ce of S. Wlble. left tor their home In
Quincy. ill . Bunday.
Justice Charles Lee of Tehachapi was in
:his week.
The Woman's Club enjoyed a most pleas
ant musical programme January- 10. taken
from the operas of Relimi and \ errti.
under the manusen-.ent of Mrs. I. O. Bachel
der of Kern.
Mi's Bertha Cattle of San Jose has re
1 to her school at Mountain View,
r F. S. Rice departed [or Kansas Frl
rinuary 7. to The bedside of his dying
Charles Whlttaker of Kern and Miss Ethel
Wallace of White P.iver were married in Kern
January .-.-Thursday. Mr. Whlttaker is one
of Kern's most promising business men.
J w Hunsaker of San Francisco and G. H.
Btewart and H. Mead, of Los Angeles were
In Bakers" I business last week
Judge T. A Wells and wife are back to
Bakersftcld after an absence of several months.
'v?-~ W J. Bennett r:»s returned from a
F , x weeks' visit to her sister In San Francisco.
The MNf-'S Ernestine and Lou Cougnran. of
Fresno, are visiting Mrs C L. white.
Wiley Smith and Miss H. Elizabeth Mann
■were married at th» M. E. church in Bakers
field Wednesday evening. January 12, Rev.
Mr. Libby ofnclatirpr.
Andrew Silver and Miss Addle Jasper were
mH.rrlefl at the residence or the bride's rar
rr .« on Seventeenth street. Sunday evening,
January 10- ~.
us] Richards and wife, of San Diego, ars
in town.
Glovterdale.
Rev J T. Shurtleff. rector of the Episcopal
church at Auburn. Placer County, spent the
■week with his family here, returning t nday.
Miss Selene Menlhan, a student at the State ;
Normal, San Jose, returned to her stud..-_-s
Mrs J J. Doherty of San Francisco Is vis- i
iting Mrs. W. C. Weeks.
Mrs. B. C. Winston of Pacific Grove is vis
iting at the residence of Rev. F. W. Lloyd.
C. A. Thilo spent most of the week looking
after his business interests In the metropolis.
F. P. Conner was in San Francisco this week
perfecting arrangements for a trip to the
Klondike next month.
Winfie! ■'. Harper, well known in newspaper ;
circles throughout Oregon and Washington, is
Boiournir.g here for a few days.
Miss Anna Domine returned to her studies at
the San Jose Conservatory of Music Saturday.
this week.
Three of our churches were without pastors
last Sunday because of sickness. Rev. F. W.
Crook Episcopal, was dangerously ill with
pneumonia. Rev. H. B. Banham. Congrega
tional, suffered a severe attack from too close
contact with poison oak and Rev. D. Bauer.
Methodist Episcopal South, is suffering, from a
badly sprained ankle. At this date all are
convalescent find will soon be able to resume
their different charges.
Ellis P. Passmore, after a six months ab
■once In Griswold. la., has returned to Clover
dale.
Ghico.
Miss M. Webster of San Francisco Is visit
ing friends in Chico.
J. F Young and family are here from Ash
land. Or. ,
Miss Fannie Branch of Auburn, who has
been visiting Mrs. Frank Englund. has re
turned to her home.
Sterling Campbell has left here for Putter
County, where he will reside In the future.
O. W. F. Johnson, brother of Charles C.
Johnson, of Chlco, accompanied by his wife,
is in Chico. Mr. Johnson has just returned
from Dawson City, S. W. T.
Mr. and Mrs. Silberstein are in San Fran
ctsco on a visit. - _■ ■
Mrs Charles Faulkner. Miss Esther Faulk
ner and Louis Faulkner left this week for San
Francisco, where ?hey will spend the remain
der of the winter.
Golusa.
Mr?. Richard Bayne of Ran Francisco Is here
riPitlng her parents on the east side.
Mr?. Junge J. B. Moore is visiting her chil
dren at Sa< ramento.
Alex Miller, an old ar.d highly respectable
citizen of West CMusa, died here Wednesday.
I>r an'! Mrs. H .lloway have returned from
Royal !=priTKs. This will be their future home.
L. A. Eichler of this place has started a
car 11 ", the Enterprise, at I)avisville.
J P Taylor, who owned the Arbuckle Trans
cript has started another paper at that place,
to be called the New Era. His old paper was
moved here ar.d Is in th« old Herald office.
Tim Pooling of Maxwell was In town the
flrPt of the week
Mrs. J. L. Jackson left for a short trip below
the first of the week.
The wife an>! 1 ii 1111 111 1 •=> daughter of the former
raptrr of the I'hrlstlan Church here. Rev. E.
T. Nesbitt, carr.e up this week for a visit to old
friends.
John Annoad of Afton was here Monday.
M'ss Edna Hankins and Judson Hankins left
en the train Tuesday, the young lady returning
to the San Jose Normal and the young man
to his business In San Francisco. They hud
spent the holidays with their parents, being
trie "hlldren of Town Trustee A. J. Hankins.
Miss Meldrom Potter, niece of Town Marshal
Fcoggins. returned to her hame at Seattle early
In the week, after a holitfny visit to her uncle
and family.
W. B. >*.c Jarnatt and '"'harles de St. Maurice
have been out to Indian Valley on business.
Mlsa Meta Mason has returned from San
Francisco.
H. K. Stah! left Monday 'or San Jose.
Fresno.
County Surveyor Koxie visited San Francisco
this v. •
W. H. Pavis of Sanger was in town laat
Tuesdny.
W. H. McKenzle returned from San Fran
cisco yesterday.
Return Roberts and wife came down from
Madura Tuesday nicht.
Henry Krohn. proprietor of the hotel at
Coarse Gold. 1? visiting W. C. Guard.
Attorney George E. Church went to Los An
geles last Thursday on business.
Dr. W. J. Davy of San Jose Is visiting his
brother-in-law. Walter Shoemaker, of this city.
A. T. Johns, owning extensive mining Inter
ests in Calaveras County, arrived from Oak
land lost Tuesday. '
C. W. Brant, special correspondent of Wash
ington Life, is visiting Fresno.
William Wallace and F. A. Boole of the San
der Lumber Company were In Fresno the first
of the wee-, ( .
William T. Sesnon. Deputy Secretary of State.
Is here from Sacramento looking after his in
terests. , •
Attorney Frank H. Short returned last Mon
day from Los Angeles.
Division Superintendent A. D. Sehindler of
the Valley Road, accompanied by D. Ruther
ford, master mechanic, and R. Craig, road
master, made a tour of inspection of the road
last Sunday. ,
Cjrass Valley.
JII?s Lillie .Curidy of Sierra City is visiting
relntives her*".
"William Avpr ha* gone to San Francisco
on business and pleasure.
Miss r<ar! Thomas ha* returned to Berke
ley to resume her studies at the State Uni
versity. • !.; .-.".J;.. • :
James Mulroy has left for Seattle.
Miss Kate Sullivan of Virginia City Is here
on a visit.
Charles Hooker' en.l wife have returned from
their -wedding trip.
Mrp. .T. A O'Connor of San Francisco is a
rues* of Mlsc M- ttle Shoemaker.
Joseph H. Smith has left. for the Klondike.
Rlcharrt Frobers. on whom an operation vu
performed for appendicitiK. -!• recovering.
lire.- George W. Hill has gone to San ■ Fran
cipoo to be at the bedside of her grand
daug-nter. Mlsb Bpppie, who Is 111 there. ■
Mrs. T. E. Hyde and Mis« Cora B. Hyd« of
Santa Cms are visiting their relatives, Key. I
E. R. Willis and family
Mrs. Wllllsm G. Hobby and daughter are
visiting San Francisco.
D. B Marwlck has gone to San Francisco
on mining business.
Qilrovj.
Miss Angellne Princevalle has returned from
Redwood City to reside at her home in pi'rojr
Miss Emily Wilson spent the week wlln
friends In Oa'Klnnc.
Mrs. Frank Stalnford has returned from fcan
Francisco. _ . .
Guy Van Schalck and Thomas Clark have
resumed their studies at the University of
Mrs R* Cobb Is spending several weeks with
her sister. Mrs. R. R Hall, in San *»•*
Mr and Kirn. Sterritt of Walla Walla,
Wash., recent guests of the Gays, have gone
to Oakland. . .
Mrs. J. Ricketts has returned from a visit to
eMlsse Mlss n Sndie Lundy of San Jose Is the guest
° Mr , c George Rnop Of the Gilroy Hot Springs
baa returned from a visit to Pan Francisco.
lflssef Grace and Be«!e Hnorer have r«
«,,^.«fl their studies at Stanford University.
Jlarvford.
Mrs. L Nathan 1b In San Francisco on a
" Mrs.V B. Self has rone to Denver. Colo., on
* Misses Edith Ross and Clara Viney have re
turned to th-lr studies at the San Jose Nor
mal School.
Mm. Charles Balrd and children, who have
been visiting here, left for San Francisco last
week, en route for their home In Reno, Nev.
Mrs. J. M Camp is here from San Jose for
a short stay.
Ed Calloway, who has been spending his
vacation with his sister. Mrs. J. Worswlck.
has returned to San Francisco. ___-. _.
Mrs. L. Wilson and Mrs. E. C Wright of
San Francisco, who have been the guests of
Mr. and Mrs. J. E. Rawlins. have returned
home. _ , m ,
Rev. C. S. Llnsley was In Bakersfleld last
E Courtney of Danville. Ind.. who haa been
on a vlstt here, has returned home.
IfbM F.lla Mc.lunkln. who has been 111 for
some time, has recovered.
Ha\j Wards.
Miss N. Thomas of Madrone. Santa Clara
County, was \isitlng Miss X. Smalley.
Miss M. Farrell of Petaluma has been vis
iting relatives here.
Charles Raver, who has been working In
San Francisco for the past two months, has
returned home on account of sickness
Miss Rosa (Cast of San Francisco has been
visiting relatives here.
Miss B. Robinson of Garden City. Orange
'■ linty, has been here on a visit to her sister.
Mrs. J. D. Smalley.
F. I. Lemos was rusticating at Halfmoon
Mrs H Rice and daughter. Miss Hattie,
who have hern seriously ill. are now conva
lescent.
A Thhoff and son. Charles, will leave shortly
for Klondike.
William Owen was brought back from the
German Hospital. San Francisco. He Is still
In a critical condition.
Miss H. Johnson has returned to San Fran
cisco after a few days' visit to relatives here
O. Variant" was up from San Leandro re
newing Id acquaintances.
lrv>ir\gtor\.
Miss M. McCarthy I«ft for San Francisco
Mr. and Mrs.' S. W. Durham of Illinois are
visiting the Durham family.
Mr find Mj-s. <;. A. Bahl have moved Into
the cottage lately occupied by George Eaton.
P. Bowman of Decoto Is visiting with J. M.
Professor Phipps will leave for Dawson next
week.
LaUeport.
Miss Rue Alley of Upper Lake has moved to
town for the winter.
Miss Jennie McElroy has returned to I klah
after a month's visit with her parents. Cap
tain ami Mrs. William McElroy of this place.
Mr and Mrs. G. F. Watson have returned
from a visit to their son in San Francisco.
Mrs. E. H. Gurley. accompanied by her sons.
' John and Paul, visited friends in Uklah the j
first (if the week.
M. Mayfield of St. Louis. Mo.. Is visiting nil |
• wife and daughter for a few weeks.
Miss Jennie Renfro was up from Kelßeyville
i the first of the week on a visit to relatives.
Mr. and Mrs. J. B. Ferguson returned to
their home in Stockton Sunday. They have
been the guests of Mr. and Mrs. Thomas Keat-
I ley during the holidays.
"Commodore" .Tones left for San Francisco
! Monday for I month's visit
| Charles Bacon is visiting relatives in the
cfty
i Mr. and Mrs. W. T. Raggatt and daughter of
San Francisco were here this week.
Mr and Mr*. George Paly returned Tuesday
from their wedding trip. They spent most of
the time In the bay cities.
: Frank Blngham of Reno, Nev.. arrived her* ,
this week and Is the guest of his brother
' 'h axles.
Dallas Posten of Mlddletown was here this
week on business.
.
Lodi.
Mrs. William Corbin has been 111 this week. ,
George Beckman. a farmer near town. Is on ;
the sick list.
Rev. George Greenwell preached In (Salt last
Sunday.
Mrs. R. J- Ivory made a business trip to
Stockton the first of the week.
James Pope, wife and children have been ]
visiting with Stockton relatives.
Miss Claire Clark has returned to her home
after successfully completing a business course
In the Parker Institute. Stockton.
A farmer named Patrick will leave here in a
few days for the Klondike.
Byron Vickory has left for Fresno . County,
where he will work for the railroad.
' R. M. RusHill left Thursday for a short visit
In Pan Francisco.
B B Pettit. P. C. of Maddox Post, G. A. R..
, ! of Oakland, was in town Wednesday and
, Thursday,
i I >. H. Acker and wife of Jamestown are In
town with relatives.
[ P W. Sollars. an old resident, died at his
home here last Monday after a painful Illn.
. caused by carieer. He was burled Wednesday
, at Clements, his old home
i Lewis Mason and Mis* Buena T>unlgan were
married at the home of the bride's parents
! i near town Wednesday. A host of friends wish
the young couple many years of wedded life.
jY|&r\jsVille.
Mn«. O. F. Lee, formerly cf this city, has
| decided to make San Francisco her perma
nent home.
J. A. Evan» was here from Gridley to at
i tend the funeral of his brother-in-law, O. P.
Houah.
Miss Belle Housh arrived from San Fran :
dflOO to attend the funeral of her father,'
George P. Housh, who died of pneumonia
! Wednesday.
i The following members of the Marysv'.lle
Athletic Club were In Wheatland to attend the
funeral Of Clyde Man well, the young man
who was fatally Injured In the New Tear's
day football Fame, played unoer the auspices
of the club: Eugene Boyd. F. W. Buttleman.
Will (yiirien, Charles Hampton, C. Learmont,
Frank Llpp, Ed O'Brien. W. H. Carlln and
A P. I-Irp
Miss Anna White has rone to Auburn to
! vlf-it relatives.
H. O. Comstock of Los Angeles la the guem
of Professor H. W. Wills.
KIM BOM F.lurnenthal of San Francisco Is
riflitfßg her Flster here.
Miss Albean Roddan of Wheatland Is attend
ing school here.
Mr« Paulino Horming and daughter, Mrs.
I Glare Oler. of Oakland, visited here.
Dr. Minerva S'-haw of Bacramento was the
1 guest of ttM Misses Swain.
Mr*. M. Stoodley left for Auburn In re
sponse to a message announcing the serious
Illness of her father.
Mrs Man Dow and rhild are the guesta of
; her mother. Mrs. S. E. Inlow.
Mrs. M. Harney and Miss Kate O'Connor are
home from the bay.
Frank Curry and Miss Neva Ripley, both of
this city, were married at the residence of the
brlile'B parents. Mr. and Mrs C. J. Ripley,
[ M< r.il.'ty evening. They have gone to San Fran
i cieco to spend the honey mmm
Mrs. M. Tjlvrer and daughter, Margaret, were
In San Francisco to attend the funeral of a
relative.
Thomas Holme* of Hook Farm. Butter Coun
ty, is very ill with pneumonia.
Chris Hovlx and Polk Simmons wwre quite HI
with pneumonia.
Miss Sedonla Knorsa and Mlaa Julia Lopez
are visiting In Sacramento.
' Miss Annie Berg and Miss Annie Sullivan
here returned to San Joee Normal School.
J^ionterevj.
J, R. Kennedy Is at home from an extended
jnurney In the East.
Mrs H. E. Dodge Is vlsUlog HolliMer
frlendp.
Miss L. Benrv. who has been spending her
vacation with her parents, has returned to
Stanford University.
Captain Thomas O. Lambert, president of
the Monterey Mill and Lumber Company, Is
out again after a long and severe Illness.
Miss Leila Perry has returned from Oak
land and San Francisco, In which cities she
has spent the past six week*.
William Kay. editor of the Monterey New
Bru, ha* been appointed Ptate deputy hlch
chief ranger of the Independent Order of For
esters.
Mrs. Byron C. Winston hae gone to riover
dale to visit her daughter, Mrs. F. W. Lloyd.
J. 11. Pcoste of St. Louis. Mo., la In town
this week.
THE SA^ FTCAXCISCO CAIX, STTSDAT, JAXTJART 16, 1898.
Miss N. M. Steele. Miss Madeleine Lewis
and Miss Ruth R. Burrltt came up from Paso
Roble* this week and are staying at El Car
nielo Hotel.
Rev. A. C. Bane, a Methodist evangelist who
has recently located here, left Friday fur Pasa
dena, where he will conduct a series of re
ligious meetings.
Mr. and Mrs S. J. Durham are here from
Illinois for the winter. They are the guests
of Judge and Mrs. J. R. Patrick
Miss Clara Beighle and Miss Alice Neigh
bor, who spent the Christmas holidays In Pa
cific Grove, have returned to their work In
the Deaconesses' Training-school In San Fran-
CIFCO.
Rev. W. W. Case. PP.. presiding elder nf
this district, was In town Tuesday and
Wednesday holding quarterly conference in
the M. E. Church.
Miss Evelyn Nesbttt of Victoria. B. C. Id
spending a month with Mr. and Mrs. Charles
J. Martin and daughter at Vista d^l Mar.
Rev C S. Fackenthal left this week for
Princeton. N. J., where he will take charge
of a church.
J"ler\lo Park.
Mr. and Mrs. W. A. Poyle, who were united
in marriaire here Wednesday, are spending
their honeymoon at Snn Refael
Miss A. Ha«'hmeistHr of San Francisco is
on a visit to the Misses Kugeler.
Mary Ptnnton has returned to San Francisco.
M. O'Riordan Is spending his vacation at San
Jose.
Father Cooper of San Mateo spent a portion
of the week here.
Mrs. James Carroll of San Franoisco was
the guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. J-
Malnn«y. during the week.
J. Lenehan of Pan Jose was here Bunday
calling on friends.
Mrs. Strong and daughter have gone to Pes
eadero for a few days.
J. O'Hara. a Shasta County miner. Is visit
ing his niece. Miss 1.,. Wooster.
JVlerccd.
S. S. Burg, who has been In San Francisco
during December visiting his family and
friends. Is with us acaln.
W. B. King, who left Merced last July for
Dawson, Alaska, returned Saturday, after hav
ing- spent the summer there. He relates some
thrilling experiences on his trip, going and re
turning, and keeps his townsmen well enter
tained.
E. D. Morgan, president of the Merced Se
curity Savings Bank for the oast three rears
md until very recently, departed for San Fran
cisco, his future home. Wednesday.
Miss Henrietta Gagliardo. who had been vis
iting- the family of O. Garibaldi, returned to
San Franeisen on Tuesday, expecting to return
in the near future.
Mrs. J. A. Jacobs returned to Tracy Tues
day, after a visit with the family of W. 11.
Turner, an uncle.
j^eVada Gitvj.
L. Lubeek and family have returned to Pan
Fram ■
Assistant Postmaster Kltts Is laid up with
rheumatism and malaria.
Miss Maude Landsburg has returned from a
visit to her parents at Relief Hill. •
Mrs. A. Aird is recovering from a severe
attack <>f rheump.tism.
>Nt F. M. Mnnson of the Pl»rra
quartz mine of Sierra County wns here
Wednesday with his wife, en r>ute from Chi
cago to DownleTille, where the couple will
reFlde.
Mr and Mrs. A. Baruh have returned from
Ban Francisco.
Mrs A I'arode of Sierra City is the guest
of her sister. Mr= G Overman.
Mrs. J. Tred^nnick has gone to Jackson.
Amndnr County, on a visit
Mrs M E. tVadsworth, who has been here
vls't'ng her son, Bdltor Wads Worth, of the
Herald, returned Thursday to San Frai
Mrs M 1) Cooley ■•line down Thursday fr m
the German mine near Washing-
Pasadena.
Captnln J. A Olmstead of the Ninth U, P.
Cavalry of I lowa, and wife, are
spending the winter in Pasadena.
HOD F M Fontaine left Tuesday for For
est Pines en route for Washington where, by
requ'^t of Senator J. C. Burroughs, he will be
present at early debm.-- of C [r. Fon
taine sails from New fork in June for France
Mr. and Mrs A I> Hanca of Piqua, 0.. and
Mrs 0. P. Adams of UtiCft. X V . are among
late arrivals at Hotel Green for the winter.
Petaluma.
Mrs. William Hill returned to Petaluma the
parly part of the week with her son. Will X
Hill, who has been In Arizona for his health
for some time past.
Mr and Mrs. William Bourke returned from
the city Wednesday, the latter somewhat im
proved in heu!t!i
J H mer Fritch came up to attend the
sportsman's rev-;
Mrs. Easton Mills of Paso Robles. Mrs.
Field of Cloverdale, Miss Zabala of Salinas.
Mrs. D. Sinshcimer. Misses Fannie and Aman
da Blake of Pan Luis Oblspo, and C. Stone of
San Francisco were here this week to attend
the Singley-Blake nuptials.
George P. McNear spent several days In
Stockton this week.
.1 1' Currier Of Ban Francisco was here this
week to visit the silk fa
On Wednesday afternoon last Mrs. S. J. Hop
kins and daughter, Mrs. W. II Zartman. gave
an "at home." at which the great number of
lady guests were entertained with games and
cards. The handsome rooms were tastefully
decorated and the affair was a most enjoyable
I one. Mrs. Frank Llppltt and Mrs. George K.
i Lovejoy were the prize winners. In the evening
Mr. and Mr? Hopkins" were again the hosts,
! entertaining the Indies' Whist Club at its
regular cession, as well as a number of In
vited guests. Railroad casino was the fea
ture of the evening, the prizes being won by
' Mrs. W. H. Zartman. Mrs. F. K. Lippltt.
Frank Zartman and J. 1., Camm. Mrs. Carom
■ winning the booby. After a delicious supper
! the guests adjourned till the next meeting of
I the club.
Wednesday last at the home of Mr. and Mrs
James E. Slngley a very pretty wedding I
place at high noon, when their daught- -
Kittle, and James R Blake of San Luis Ohls
po were united in marriage, the ceremony h.'-
Ing per'ormed l.y the ReT. F:ith»r deary Of St.
WOMEN ARE WEARING LIVE TURTLES AS CHARMS
Vincent's Church. The house was prettily
dvorated with flowers and the happy pair
ucre the recipients of many handsome gifts.
Amid a shuwer of rice Mr. and Mrs. Blake
left on the afternoon train for Southern Cal
ifornia.
J^edWood Gity.
Attorney George W. Fox Is confined to his
home by sickness.
Charles Robinson, formerly baggage man at
this place, lias been sent to Volta. where he Is
madt? station agent.
Mrs. R. Fuller-ton of San Francisco visited
relatives and Triends here for a few days at
the beginning of the week.
Aln..:i ami Miss Mary Casson were
married in San Francisco on Wednesday. They
will make -heir future home here.
Henry Brocker, agvd 70 yearn, died at the
residence of J. K. G. Winkler at Woodslde on
Saturday last.
M Redxn nd met with a painful accident at
Belmont Wednesday morning. A freight car
ran over one of hin feet, crushing two of his
Great Chief of Records C. F. Burgman paid
Motamora Tribe. Imp. O. R. M.. a visit on
nijrht last.
The Hoinnshead boys have almost com
pleted ariangements for their trip to the Klon
dike gold fields. Jerry Hollinshead has a valu
able claim in that region.
3. L. Edwards was removed to the German
Hospital in San Francisco on Wednesday.
Mis* Annie Had- of San Francisco Is visit-
Ing Miss Annie Murphy.
District Deputy W. \V. Brown Installed the
officers of Bay "View Lodge, I. O. O. F., on
Wednesday evening.
Redding.
Miss Ella Wlnsell returned on Tuesday from
Willows, where she visited relatives.
Leonard W. Coleman of the staff of the
Mountain Copper Company epent Tuesday in
Redding.
W. I". Taylor, manager of the 8. P. Taylor
Paper Company of San Franci6co, was here
'ay.
Mrs G. Retnhaus of French Gulch accom
panied her sister, Mrs. C. C. McCray, to her
home in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. F. E. Wilson of Iron Moun
tain ar>> visiting In San Francisco
Mr. and Mrs. James Young and daughter,
Eva, have -r turned from a brief visit to Chlco.
Mrs. 11. '■llneschmidt has recovered from &
severe Illness.
The ltflirs Grace and Pollle Satton, who
spent the holiday season with Mrs. O. M.
Fisher, returned Thursday to their home at
Maxwell.
Mrs Maud Outenrelth of Delta is visiting
Mrs. E. .Tow.
Mips Hat tie Van Matre of I.ewlston. Trinity
County, was here Thursdny on her way home
from an exten.W visit to San Francisco.
Fed Bluff.
Mrs. Rolla Fuller and Mrs. J. D. Keyes have
returned from Henleyville
Mar-.- 11.. we1l is visiting In Redding.
I>r. Chester Tea?s has located at Keswick.
Judge Ellison has returned from Redding.
T M Bby and family have returned to their
home In Sacramento.
Snafford returned Friday
intu Rosa.
I" O. lennte and wife have returned to
Sacramento.
Itn < '-a Parrish of Idaho Is visiting her
mother. ICrs. Elizabeth Howell. 1n Reddln*.
Mr. and Mrs. Frank Merrill went to Corning
Wedn«
G. H. Chase was a visitor In Corning this
week.
T. J. Brady and Bert Smith were down from
Redding Sunday.
A. O. White of Cotton wood is vlstlng
in Oakland.
Miss .Mire Chipman returned from St. John
Saturday.
Colonel C. A. Garter was down from R»dding
Sunday.
C B. Aahnrst returned to Kirkwood Sunday.
|f| H j«nnle Fi»h went to Corning Sunday.
Erwtn Wentl has resumed his studies at
Heald's Business College.
ral Chipman returned to San Francisco
Sunday morning.
l;.v W X Qothrie and wife are visiting
relatives In Grass Valley.
md Mrs. P. H. Raglln of I^wrey were
In town Bunday.
Dr. Bentley. presiding elder of the M. K.
Church, arrived here Monday morning to hold
quarterly conference.
Sarvta Barbara.
Mr and Mrs. John H. Louderman find Mr
an] Mrs. James A. Louderman of St. Louis
are here to spend the winter. This Is the thir
teenth season that these parties have spent
In .-ar.tu Barbara
Messrs. H. Hunnewell. K. H. Jaffray and
C. H. Douslaps have left for Guadalupe Lake
for a ten-day outing.
William Cowlea and Yfillard T. Barton of
Fan Francisco «re ..—tin* the works of the
Alcatraz Hltmn Company at Gavlota.
Mr and Mrs. Peter •■ ok of Jollet, 111., rel
ntlves of Mr. and Mrs. Solon Smith, are here
on a visit nnd will spend the winter on the
Pnclflc Coast. ,_
Mr. McFarlnn of Washington. D. C. Is a
pu->st at th* r.iddlnus House, and will make
Santa. Barbara his future home.
Miss Mabel Kirk of San Bernardino Is spend
ing the winter here.
K. R. Stevens, formerly of Santa Barbara,
and at one time proprietor of the New Morris
II 'Vise, Is here visiting his mother.
Nathan Bents, who has been in New York
for a number of weeks, has returned to his
home in this city. ."> 1\-
Mrs. E. If. « Wheeler and daughter of New
London. Conn., have arrived here and will
spend the winter, the guest of Mrs. Charles
Woodbrldge.
J. W. Bproul. who has been visiting his
father. William Sproul, has returned to Los
Angelps.
Mark Bradley, who has been In Lompoc for
pome time, has returned to Santa Barbara.
Miss Etnel Doulton of Mlramar has re
turned from her visit to Ventura.
Santa Ar\a.
Miss Florence Taylor of Los Angeles was
the guest of Mr. and Mrs. Gilbert H. Judd
• lays last week.
.1 Wiley Harris and family, until recently
resldents of Los Angeles, have removed to this
city. Mr. HaTris has associated himself with
the Oraricf County Title Company.
Mr. and Mrs. Horace Cutter and daughter,
Miss Beatrli-. were Ku^pts at the home of Mr.
and Mrs. .1 s U;.-f> of Tustln last -week.
W. C. Thompson, a mining man of Gold
Creek. Nev.. Is visiting his brother. T. S.
Butler, of this city.
Mr. and Mrs. Leo Hlrschfeld were guests
of Herman Harris last week. The couple are
on their bridal tour and left for Hanford.
where Mr. Hirschfeld is in business.
T S. Wllcox, superintendent of a large stone
quarry at Kai?ota. Minn.. Is here on a visit
with O. M. Robbins and family.
David Mitchell, superintendent of the Ari
zona Sandstone Company's quarry at Flagstaff,
wai in town la.^t week.
Mr. and Mrs .1 !: Lew's of Grand Rapids.
Mich., are visiting Mr. Lewis' mother, at the
home of J. E. Ttllotson.
T. H. Tracy and wife of Needles visited
friends in this city last week.
Santa Clara.
Mr. and Mrs. George Dunn are visiting In
San Francisco.
Miss Bessie Woodhams Is entertaining the
Misses Van Buren of New York City.
Mr S. Nelson and family have returned to
San Francisco after a six months' sojourn
here.
Miss Childs of San Luis Oblspo Is the guest
of the Misses Poralta.
Mr F W. Bray returned from Tuolumne
County after a six weeks' visit.
Mr. and Mrs. M. Beattle are visiting In
Fresno.
Miss Emma Chambers has been the guest
of Miss Katie Schaefer.
Mrs. D. Henderson has returned from a trip
to San Francisco.
Captain and Mrs. Ransom have left for a
several days' vlstt to San Francisco.
Mr. William H. Kelm of San Francisco Is
visiting Mr Xuttman.
Miss Bertha Roll is spending a vacation at
Belmont.
Rev. (;. R. Dodson of the Unitarian church
of Alameda has been visiting his father. Dr.
B. M. Podson.
L. W. Fox of Alaska was the guest of Judge
Bond on Wednesday.
Sar\ Luis Obispo.
Miss Olive Wright Is visiting relatives in
Alameda.
Henry Brunner, a San Francisco banker, la
in this city on business.
Warren M. John has been elected chief of
the San Luis Oblapo fire department, vice E.
M. Payne, who has gone to New York Cljy.
Miss Reine Wei ll returned this week from a
visit to relatives in San Francisco.
Mrs. F. S. Finney and daughter. Miss Edna.
have returned from a visit with Mrs. S. Clev
enger in Arroyo Grande.
Joe Righetti of Arroyo Grande has gone to
San Francisco to attend a business college.
Mrs. W. L. Roger* of San Francisco is the
guest of her parents, Mr. and Mrs. S. W.
Wilson.
Mr. and Mrs. Levl Love have returned to
their home at Hanford after a pleasant visit
with friends in Arroyo Grande.
Mrs. Hazzard Gragg is visiting relatives in
Santa Cruz.
Mrs. Laura Robinson of Amador County Is
the guest of her sister. Mrs. J. Foster of Tem
plet, .n.
Miss Call!* Sloan Is visiting friends in Ar
royo Grande.
Miss Stella Dana Is the guest of friends In
Sun Jose.
Miss Susie Spurlock fo Ventura was the guest
of Mrs. W. H. Fischer the first of the week.
Fred Keller has gone to Salinas.
Misses Fannie and Amanda Blake left Sunday
on a visit to San Francisco.
Miss Josie Kallmeyer is the guest of her
uncle. George Pollard, in San Jose.
M. R. de la Guerra and F. W. Cook have
returned from Los Anpeles. •'■- •-;> ■•■•■[■■ ■■■-'
District Deputy Philip Kaetzel of Cambria
Installed the officers In the Odd Fellows' Lodge
at San Luis Saturday evening.
St. Helena.
H. J. Chlnn spent a few days the first of the
week In the metropolis.
Miss Pearl BwantoD of Santa Cruz returned
borne Tuesday after a visit with Miss Susie
Smith.
Percy Whitton returned home Tuesday from
a visit with his father in Sonars.
Miss Mabel Ward returned home Monday
after an extended stay with friends In Crockett.
Marshal Johnson la quite 111 at his home on
Main street.
c. Carpy was up from San Francisco a few
days this week.
.1 L. Bellani of San Francisco spent the first
of the week in St. Helena with his brother.
Mr. and Mrs. W. J. Wllmar of Colfax,
Wash., who have been visiting their daughter.
Mrs. J. S. Noble, returned home Wednesday.
Miss Kittle Wldger Of this place accompanied
them and will probably make that place her
home.
Mrs. L.' F. Smith and children returned to
their home In Santa Cruz Tuesday afternoon.
Edgar B. Dawson returned to his studies at
Stanford University Tuesday.
F. C. Hoffman returned to Trinity County
Monday to resume his duties at his mining
claim.
M. Levy of San Francisco spent Sunday with
his sister. Mrs. Nathan I>auter.
Last week a young couple eloped from Chiles
Valley and their whereabouts was unknown
until "they returned this week from Portland,
Or. The pair. Tabor Russell and Lena Bur
bank, were married at that place and have
now settled down near their old home.
R. M. Kiper. T. N. Mount and Mr Alexander
of Napa attended an installation and banquet
given by the Knights of Pythias here Wednes
day evening.
Sa!ir\as.
Rev. and Mrs. C. P. Faw of this city are
visiting their dauchter. Mrs. J. T. Massen
jrlll. In Gonzales. From there they go to Oak
land and thence to their old home In Tennes
i".. A Flnld. superintendent of the erection
of the superstructure at the Ppre>-kels sugar
factory. Is in San Franclso" on business.
Mrs' Mabel, wife of Councilman T. S Ma
bel, has returned fr. >m San Leandro, where
she has been for several weeks visiting her
Bister. Mrs. P.uvnie.
D. «'arr. nephew of Hon. Jesse T>.
Carr, who has been visiting In Salinas for
several weeks, has returned to his home In
Berkeley.
■ ". Clough. Public Administrator of Mer
er,l Count/, who has been visiting his brother.
C W. Clough. editor of the Evening Demo
crat In this city, has returned to his home in
Merced. .
H. A. Van Hyning. a prominent citizen of
Santa Margarita, is the guest of C. R. Ester
brook in this city.
A C Buceldee. M. V. Malarln. Fred Hanna
and "Harry Kent all of Monterey, are visiting
relatives in this city.
Samuel Donati. president of the Cayucos
Bank , is in Sr.linas as the guest of his
nt-phew, V. L. Donati.
Miss Jean Alexander, who has been the
guest of Mrs. A. L. McCandless for the past
fortnight, has returned to her home in San
j, .<=.».
Miss Jessie Williams, who has been visit
ing her parents, Mr. and Mrs. W. C. Wil
liams in this city, has returned to Santa
Crux.
L. H. Garrlgus and wife, who have been
visiting friends in San Francisco and Mrs.
GarrißUs' brother-in-law. Captain Birlem, at
San Quentin, have returned home.
Sarvta jßosa.
Mrs. Mark L. McDonald and her daughter.
Miss Mab. started on Thursday for Yuma.
Ariz., wher- they will spend the winter with
Stuart McDonald, who is in poor health.
Mabelton. their home here, has l-eon closed
and Colonel McDonald will make his home in
San Francisco until they return.
R. Maury Sims came up from San Fran
cisco on Wednesday evening and is spending
a few days here.
Mrs. M. L. Welch, who formerly Mved in
this city. Is visiting friends here.
Klm Rena Patton of San Francisco Is vis
iting her sister. Mrs. Isador Labell.
The Rev. C. N. Goulder of Petaluma was the
guest of Mr. and Mrs. Will P. Swarer on
Thursday.
Miss May Cooper. Miss Jessie Stump of this
city, and Mrs. Brown of Cazadero. left Thurs
day morning for Los Angeles on a visit.
Miss Willie C. Flnley has entered Mills Col
lege.
Sarv Jose.
Mrs. N. Q. Argues entertained a party of
young friends with a coaching party to Sara
toga Wednesday evening. Her guests were:
Misses Veva and May Burrel, Lollta MoGeoghe
gan md Mabel Argues and Messrs. Al Eaton,
Henderson, Noteware and Clement Argues.
Mr:-. H. Mayo Newhall Spring Is In the East
ern SS'ates for the winter.
Mrs. Louis Scheller and daughter, who have
been guosts of Mrs. Edward McLauerhlln. re
turned to their Los Angeles home Friday.
Mrs. William P. Dougherty was in San Fran
cisco Tuesday.
Miss Edith Clementine Murgotten and Rob
ert B. Richards were married Wednesday
afternoon at the home of the bride's parents.
A lHrge party of friends wish them success and
happiness.
Professor and Mrs. R. H. Trlpp of New York
are Staying with Mrs. Cochrane at 216 South
Second street.
H. C. I^ewis has returned after a ten days'
visit to his mother at Santa Cruz.
Miss Nonie R. Mlnahan Is home after a fort
night's visit to friends in Visalia.
John Wood of Decatnr. 111., who has spent
sp\ era! months In San Jose, has returned to
his Eastern home. He will return in the spring
and locate here.
Xx -Supervisor Greenlnger has returned from
a visit to his son and daughter at Tuma. Ariz.
Miss Carrie Stevens-Walter is visiting ».t
Danville. Contra Oista County.
Mrs. Clara Roiiguet and little daughter, who
have been visiting Mrs. L. B. Hr.back, have re
turned to their home In Los Angeles.
Suisurv
Assemblyman and Mrs. Alden Anderson re
turned last Sunday from a two weeks' stay at
I.os Angeles.
William Pierce, one of the large land-owners
of Suisun Valley, is spending a month at Hon
olulu.
Richard and Fred Rush returned to Stan
ford University Tuesday morning.
lira. A. J. Buckles left for Muncie. Ind.,
Monday evening via the southern route. She
will remain in the East about two months.
Miss Pauline M'Xutt has returned from a
two weeks' visit In Oakland.
Mrs A. 1.. Reed of Kings City is here for
a short stay.
Mr?. H. Barker and child of Portland. Or.,
are the guests of Mr. and Mrß. Walter Sewell.
Miss < "rrr.se, ;> recent graduate of the State
University at Berkeley, has been elected a
teacher in Armijo High School.
Sonoma.
T. Burris and J. H. Pelpp were called to
Santa Rosa last week to serve as grand jurors.
liankver I">. Burris of Traver. Tulare County,
was in town several days last week.
Mrs. F.yi n . is« of San Francisco visited H.
Hartin last Sunday.
Mrs. R. J. Keogh has returned to San Fran
cisco, after visiting her daughter. Mrs. H. H.
Granice.
Sacramento.
Mr. and Mrs. John Kromer held a reception
hist Saturday evening at their residence at
2117 J street.
Mrs Eva Vaughn and daughter. Nellie, of
Merced, have returned to their home after hav
ing snent the holidays with Mrs. Nellie K.
Vnughn of this city.
Mrs. Emma Parker, formerly of Sacramento,
who was recently married to Jesse Sutten of
R. billing. Shasta County, has taken up her
rosnienoe with her husband in Anderson.
Miss Nellie \ Harris is visiting her brother,
Newton Harris, In Los Angeles.
Mrs. I: of. Wright and niece. Miss DeLong,
have returned from Pacific Grove after an ab
sence of several months.
Mr. and Mrs. Colonel Hamilton entertained
the participants In the last Conn and Kidder
concert at their beautiful home on J street last
Friday evening.
Robert M Brown of Plymouth and Miss Ret
ta E Phillips of this city were united in mar
rinse last Sunday in this city at the residence
of the bride's parents. IVO9 Fourteenth street.
I >r. Metcalf and bride have returned from
their wedding tour and have taken up their
winter residence at the home of Mr. and Mrs.
John I. atcOord at IXN N street.
Mrs. M C Price of Cedar Rapids, la., Mrs.
M. J. Easterly of Olln. la., and Mrs. J. J.
■ Surger of Reserve. Kan., are visiting their
Mrs. Adna Phelps, at her home, 12"S
th street.
Ellis W. Jones of Florin and Miss Susie Ha
den of Sacramento were united in marriage
at the home of the bride's parents last Thurs
day. They will In the future reside in Florin.
Fancy having a turtle clawing its
cold, clammy way about your breast,
neck and head! Well, it's surely no.
worse than a lizard or a beetle, and is
more of an ornament, by reason of the
Jeweler's art. The fad hasn't reached
New York yet. but it may be expected
at any time. In Paris jeweled tortoises
are quite the rage, and New York is
usually not far behind Paris. So we
may look for an invasion of the ugly
little creatures any day.
Isn't it strange that a woman who
will go Into hysterics over the sight of
a poor, inoffensive, scared little mouse
will nurture these other specimens of
the lower animal life?
The pet turtles are very small, about
thirty millimetres In lentrth, according
to the Parisian standard. The shells
are covered with an ornament of fili
gree gold, in which are set as many
gems as the owner 1 may wish.
Mrs. D. A. Lindley and family will spend
the winter at th»- home of Mrs. Wnlter With
erhee in Los Angeles.
Mrs. Charles A. X.-ale has returned to n«r
home In Sacramento after a month's visit with
li.-r parents in Alamoda < iiunty.
Miss Crnriule Jewett, eldest daughter of Rev.
Dr. Jewett of Oakland, has returned to h>.>r
home after a few days' visit at the residence
Of her uncle. William Dwinelle, of this city.
The marriage of Howard R. Martin, secre
tary of the Sacramento Athletic Club, find
Miss Gertrude O'Nell of San Kafael has been
announced.
Miss Blanche Van Husen has returned after
a month's visit in San Francisco.
There was a most enjoyable whist party
given a* the residence of Mr. and Mrs. John
L. McCord last Friday eveninp. Beautiful
souvenirs of the occasion were distributed uid
consisted of handsomely decorated score cards.
Julare.
Mr. and Mrs. George W. Wright have re
moved to Oakdale. Mr. Wright has long been
engineer on the Vlsalla and Ttilare railroad.
J L Bnchelfler has taken Wright's place here.
Mr and Mrs. F. 8. Ward havfl returned,
from Pan Jose, where they spent the holiday
season.
W. A. Snyder and William Manuel have left
for Daweon City.
Rev. C. 8. Lilnsley of Hanford spent Mon
day in Tulare.
W. H. Hunt and Miss Ella Cheatam were
quietly married Tuesday evening at 6 o'clock.
They are at home to friends at their cozy
cottage on H street.
Rev J Nicholas of Sonora will remove wtth
his family to Tulare February' t He will
preach at Hanford and Tulare.
Mrs. P. F. Roche ie In receipt of a letter
from her brother. Sol Rogers, who is at
Juneau. Sol has unearthed a rich quartz
ledge, and his prospects for a fortune ar«
bright.
Rev. W. P. Williams, formerly of Tulare.
now rector of St. Paul's church at Oregon
City, Or., will leave with his family for New
York City some time in March.
Ventura.
Miss Georgie "Walton is vlßlting in San Fran
cisco.
So Is Mrs. Henry I). Levy.
Mr. and Mrs. H,enry C. Johns have returned
from their bridal tour of Southern California.
Miss Kdna Chrisman has gone to Lob An
geles.
Miss Mildred Forsythe of Banning: is here.
Mrs. S. M. Bruoks Is visiting In Kan Luis
Obispo.
Miss Grace Bruns has returned home, after
spending the holidays In Ban Francisco.
Miss Virginia Moriarity has returned from
San Jose and Palo Alto.
Miss Stephens has returned home, after an
extended visit in Pasadena and Los Angeles
Mr. and Mrs. IScßrlnly have returned home
fnm Northern California.
Pr. A. Or°na of Santa Barbara Is here.
Hon. J. C. Daly is here.
W, S. Dunshee is In Santa Barbara.
M. C. Farris has gone to Arizona.
T. W. Hiving has returned from Los An-
Ml?s Nettie Bard, daughter of Dr. C. L. Bard,
Is visiting relatives in Lrs Angeles.
John Barnard is in £>akland.
Mr. and Mrs. Mesick of Edina, Mo., will pass
the winter in this city.
Visalia.
Miss Grace Morey of Oakland Is spending
some time here with relatives.
Phil M. Baler, a prominent fruit grower of
this place, has decided to start for the Klon
dike early In February. lie will Join a small
party of Kan Francisco men.
Mrs. A. F. Baker has returned from a visit
of several months with relatives in Pennsyl
vania.
Jo P. Carroll is here from Randsburg oircu
lating among old acquaintances.
Mrs. F. R. Kellenberg gave a pleasant party
one night this week to Miss Grace Kendrlck
of Pittsfleld, 111., and a number of her young
friends.
Frank Craycroft. son of the Mayor of Fres
no, spent a few days here with relatives.
Mrs. Mattie Coffee, who has been visiting
her brother and family, has returned to her
, home at Modesto.
Mrs Caspar Van Loan has gone to San Jose
to visit friends.
Miss Annie May Bell has returned to the
Stanford University to resume her studies in
the sophomore class.
Watsor\v>ille.
! Ex-Street Commissioner Enos has returned
1 from San LeandZO, where he has been resid
i Ing the past year.
Miss Blanche Martin Is over from San Jose
on a visit to relatives.
The golden wedding anniversary of Mr. and
Mr?. Benjamin Bardue, formerly of this city,
i was celebrated at San Jose last week.
Mrs. J. M. Chancy was called to Rocklin this
i week by the serious illness of a sister.
Mrs. Henry Wiley gave a dinner party Sun
day afternoon at her home on Third Street In
honor of Mr. and Mrs. J. Waugaman of Bakers-
I field.
Miss Josie Allen is home from a visit to her
• sister. Mrs. James Burke, in San Francisco.
Mr. and Mrs. Lee Shideler are in Oregon,
j called there by the illness of Mr. Shideler'a
mother.
Mr. and Mrs. James Waters were In San
Jose last week to attend the Bardue golden
wedding.
1.. Banbom has returned from a two months'
visit to Southern California.
Editor Clough of Salinas and his brother. A.
G. Clough of Merced, visited relatives here this
week.
Mrs. W. T>. Frazier and Mrs. W. H. Hack
about were visitors to Salinas this week.
Woodlar\d.
Mrs. G. M. Miller of Grand Island 1b In this
city.
John Johlfrom and wife, Mrs. T. H. Prentiss
and Mrs. Smith Scott were arrivals from Sac
ramento last week.
T. C. Poeekman of Slssons. ex-warden at the
! Folsom prison and a former resident of this
city, was an arrival Monday.
Mr. and Mrs. Israel Jones and Miss Annie
i Bull of Bfottsrille, Nev., are the guests of Mr.
and Mrs. ImiiKan.
Miss Nora Andrews has returned from Dixon,
Mrs 8. M. Griggs went to San Francisco
Sunday.
Pr. Martin and N. J. Parker visited Sacra
mento Monday.
F. E. Baker and wife were arrivals from
Redding Sunday afternoon.
Misses Ella Armstrong:. Mabel Abbott, Ger
trude Noe and Pollie Hopkins returned to the
State Normal School Monday.
Arizona.
W. C. Greene of Bisbee has gone on a cattld
i buying trip to Sor.ora, Mexi.-,,.
Dr. A. G. Rounseville has returned to his
home In "Williams after a protracted visit to
Chicago.
William Fraker and son, recently from Colo
rado, have determined to locate at Yuma,
where they have been for some til
J. T. Owens of Safford has commenced a new
business enterprise at Thatcher.
C. M. Shannon, who is associated with Jesse
R. Grant >>f San Diego, Cal., will build a
smelter at Clifton.
C. G. Vnderhill, general manager of. the Bis:
Bug onyx mines, is visiting in Phoenix, but ■
will return to Prescott in a few days.
United States Attorney E. E. Ellinwood has
returned from his visit to Washington and is
now in Phoenix.
Simon J. Murphy of Detroit, one of the
heaviest owners of the Santa Fe, Preseott and
Phoenix Railroad, arrived in Phoenix Tuesday
and took rooms at the Adams Hotel, where he
will remain for some time.
Dr. R. S. Knode of Omaha is spending the
winter in Phoenix at the Adams Hotel.
Attorney A. R. English, wife and child have
arrived at Phoenix from Tombstone and will
remain at the capital several days.
Judge Owen T. Rouse of Solomonvllle and
Tucson is a guest at the Commercial Hotel in
Phoenix.
Attorney O. W. "Wright and Judge George R.
Davis of Tucson arrived at ■ Phoenix early In
the week to attend the session of the Supreme
Court.
fJeW J lex 'CO.
Hon. A. M. Bergere and family, late of Las
Lunas. have gone to Santa Fe. where they
intend to make their home hereafter.
Col. "W. T. Donovan has been spending a
few days in Coyote canyon superintending ths I
work on his mine.
The several gentlemen composing the Ter
ritorial Board of Equalization are adjourning
at the capital this week.
Mrs. J. L. Luthey and children have return
ed from a visit to friends in Topeka.
D. C. Hobart of Silver City spent a few'
I days in Albuquerque visiting friends during
I tho last week. '•
Miss Zilla- Weidner. who is visiting in lowa
and was reported very seriously ill. is said
to be improving rapidly.
Colonel Henry Carpenter, one of the pio
neers of this section of New Mexico, is laid
up with an attack of pneumonia.
Judge L. S. Trimble came in from his Ti-
I Jeras canyon ranch a few days since, and
! will spend the winter in town.
Con C. Lucid, the baseball player, who was
I Injured in the wreck at Emporia last Octo
ber, has sued the Atchlson. Topaka and Santa
Fe Railway Company for $5000 damages
Dr. S. Aubrißht, Mayor of Albuquerque, is
endeavoring to Interest the physicians of the
country at large in a movement for the es
tablishment of a sanitarium on a large scale
for connumpUve patients at some point in cen
tral New Mexico.
John Jarviu has gone to Southern California
and expects to be away four or five week*
Judge W. E. Kelly of Socorro spent several
days In Albuquerque during the past week.COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SniM\RY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver weaker.
t Wheat futures firmer.
„ Barley advancing steadily.
c Oats and Corn steady.
\ " ' Hay unsettled. -Feedstuff unchanged.
.-. '•„ Lima and colored Beans firm.
"'. :! Coal market strong.
; ' New prices for Codfish.
".". ' -'Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
'. . BuTnmer Vegetables firm.
; . Butter and Errs about the same.
■ * Eastern Poultry arriving freely again.
• ' °. Game in good supply.
No change in fruits.
. "•'! • Prunes wanted In the East.
Provisions firm.
•••"•' Wool, Hops and* Hides quiet.
• . " Beef unsettled. Pork steady.
. Twenty-five failures last week.
Shipment of $340,000 to China,
THE GOVERNMENT CASH BOX.
„-•' United States Treasurer Ellis H. Roberts re
; ports 'the amounts of money on hand at the
close of December as follows:
Gold coin $101,910,176
• Go ; I bullion 45,53i',0G0
■ Silver dollars 894,327,043
o Small silver coin 10.67M99
Silver -bullion 302.254.73G
• „ *
- Total specie J704.7G0.920
••United States notes 84,200,0*3
• Treasury notes of IS9O 2,904, Z\\
• Go ; certificates 1,070,41.0
" Silver ..certificates 11,229,912
L. Currency- certificates 1,240,000
'Rational Panic notes 6.ISC.SS7
Minor coin, »-tc 1.056.7 M
Deposits In national banks 45,1-_.7:T
'Miscellaneous 29 53
'**
°'\ Total -1561.iai.171
\ 111 Found numbers there was a gain of $15,
000,000' in the Government vaults during the
month of December, of which over $3.000.(X>0
•was' In gold bullion, $1,400,000 in standard dol
lars, $1,000,000 in currency certificates and $11,
400,000 In deposits in national banks.
.NATIONAL RECEIPTS AND EXPENDI
TURES.
At the end of the first half of the fiscal year
the Government account compares as follows:
1596 1597
Customs $ 67.V2U652 $62,825,021
Internal revenue 77.7:1.742 85.415.204
Miscellaneous 11.964.150 59,437.350
Totals $157,507,604 $207,700,575
The expenditures for the same interval com
pare as follows:
Civil J 53.500.474 $ 55!498>42
Civil 168,600,474 $ .-^.,49«.9«
War 27,501.746 11.738
Navy 17.459.075 17,16. r ..w:>
Indians 6,181.151 4,945.737
Pensions 71.^39,105 76,453,319
Interest 15.758.443 19.100.530
Totals ...$193,410,000 $208,204,211
The railroad payments have reduced the
deficit for the half-year to $440,000. It whs
nearly $25,000,000 in 18M.
FAILURES LAST WEEK.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 23
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 17 for the previous week, and 31 for
the corresponding week of 1897. The failures
for the past week are divided among the trades
as follows: One furniture company, 1 liquors,
1 oil driller, 1 upholsterer, 1 ladies' underwear.
1 bakery, 2 grocers, 1 millwright, 2 general
stores. 1 fruits, i boots and shoes, 1 dairy, \
commission produce. 1 blacksmith, 1 varieties. .
1 gunsmith, 1 hotel and saloon, 1 carpenter
and builder, 1 cigars, 1 confectioner}', 1 un- j
dertaking company
GOLD CERTIFICATES IN CIRCULATION.
The Government coin certificates In circula
tion December 31 were a? follows:
1596. 1837.
Gold $ 57,5<7,'439 $ 36.557.653
Silver 3.*.6,6.%5.500 376,C3f>,r.92
Treasury M.171.::21 103.;, j
Totals 714.460 $516,697.21*
There was a net gain of nearly $2,000,000. in
this form of pap;r money in circulation In th.»
month of December. Compared with the close I
of lSi'6, the net pain is nearly $3S, 000.000. :
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $17,114,
4SS. against $15,334,837 for the Fame week last
year.
TREASURE SHIPMENT.
The Belglc took out a treasure list of $340.- j
000, consisting of $133,000 in Silver bullion. $198,- |
{00 in Mexican dollars. $300 in gold coin, and I
I-SOOO in Peruvian soles. ;
KXPLANATION-
The arrow flies with the wind. Th» top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the days; those underneath it, if any. the
amount <■:' rainfall, of melted Know In inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve .hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points ■•: equal
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted linen, equal
temperature. The wind "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by. cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
flret appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high in the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable:
but when the "low" is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is Im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the CalK
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
<120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
San Francisco. Cal., Jan. 1" IS9S, " p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those or the same late
last season:
"■': li Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.10 1G.70 22.59
Red Bluff 0.24 6.50 12.00
Sacramento 0.12 5.16 7.19
Fen Francisco 0.25 fi.oo 11.11
ff 1"1 "* 6 ? '' 0.00 2.22 4 M
Pan Luis Obiapo 0.00 2 40 1.78
Los Angeles 0.00 3 ~r, 8 44
San Diego 0.00 g v C.67
T " ma 4- 0.00 LOG 4.76
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 47;
minimum. 43; mean. 4.".
WEATHER CONDITION'S AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen during the past 24
hours over Utah and Nevada nnd risen along
the coast of Northern California.
The temperature has remained nearly sta
tionary on the Pacific Cc«st.
Rain has fallen generally over the Pacific
Coast north of San Francisco.
a maximum wind velocity of 20 .miles per
hour from the south is reported at Carson
Fan's >now baa fallen at Baker CJty and Idaho
Forecasts made at Ran Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. January 16, 1838:
Northern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather, with showers in the northern portion
bunday night: northerly, changing to south
easterly winds.
Southern California— Cloudy and unsettled
weather Sunday; westerly winds.
Nevada— Cloudy Sunday, with snow ■in ' the
mountains.
Utah— Cloudy Sunday: probably mow.
Arizona — Fair Sunday; continued cold
weatnc-r.
San Francisco and vir!nlt#-Tprriporftrllj
clear Sunday, with increasing ctoudlneM Smf
daylight; northerly, Changing to southeasterly
Special report fro Mount Tamalpais, taken
Derature m CloUtlj : northeast, 2 « miles; ter
n perature, 35; maximum. 40; rainfall. 0.51.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NKW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Jan. IS.— stock market was i
subjected to a rather drastic liquidation of
speculative holdings to-day In continuation of
the movement of yesterday. The selling was ,
due to a feeling that it was safer to take
profits at the present level than to retain I
holdings over Sunday. The situation at Ha
vana was the motive of the selling. There is
no assurance felt that there mi.; not be a sud- '
den development of a dangerous situation there
which would necessitate the Immediate meas
ures by the United States naval forces to pro
tect the Interests of American residents in Ha
vana. Reports on this score were somewhat
aggravated by the persistent selling of houses
with Washington connections. This was
taken to reflect a feeling of apprehension in
official circles. Of course the professional |
traders were ready to turn sellers without ,
further inducement on the general principle ;
that 'prices so down much more easily an.l
quietly than they go p. The bear attack
was vigorous and effective and margins being
wiped out In many case* holdings were thrown
over to save loss* - thus adding to the weak
en of short lines put out earlier Indicated the |
bear selling. Nearly every active stock on the ,
list was at one time a point or over below last
night's close. To-day's and yesterday's re
actions in the stock market put an end to a
period of strength an.l activity earlier in the
week which was regarded as giving good
promis-e of the usually expected old January
boom in prices. Only those stock* which
peered extreme advances early In the week
have thing leu to show for it. the general
level of th- market being decidedly lower than
at last Saturday's close. The llrmness with
! whit h the mark' withstood the effect of the
. first news of the Havana rioting of Thursday
led to the hope in the minus of the bulls
that the power for evil of the Cuban question
: had been tested to the full. But the mar- ;
ket was sustained on Thursday only by the j
striking strength displayed by the Vandw
bllts. New York Central and Lake Shore ris
i ing about four points each on reports that new
plans were In contemplation for operations
looking to reduced cost and increased dividends ■
on the stocks. The amount of the trading on
a practical stationary market <>n Thursday
might have served .is a warning of what would
have happened had the sustaining force been j
I withdrawn. It was soon an obvious fact that
heavy realising was In prog-re— all the Wees
side by side with the active strength <>: special
! slock*. The special points ot vantage which
i the strength of the market held early In the
j week were Northern Pacific stocks and Union
Pacific and Its various affiliated and connect
ing lines, the source of strength being the
assurance of the continuance of Union Pacific's
old outlet to the Pacific Coast. Northern Pa
cilic and the Union Pavlflc group also enjoyed
the benefit of anticipations or a large Klon
dike business in the spring. Another source .it
strength to Northern Pacific was the decision
of the Interstate Commerce committee to con
tinue the suspension of the long and short
haul clause in cases where rales Were i:. com
petition with Canadian lines.
Sugar Was persistently weak. Its decline
I has been attributed to the declared purposes of
the directors to retain the surplus for con
; tlnpency, and professional traders have taken
! a gloomy but uniform view of what these con
| tingencles might be. The pendency of the
I Hawaiian annexation treaty In the Senate is
i unfavorable to Sugar, as annexation would
! allow Hawaiian refined sugar to come in free.
| The industrial list generally has been heavy
! during the week. A feature has been the large
I buying for investment account of gilt-edged
] stocks. To-day's bank statement indicates
j that the expected replenishment of the money
market has been accomplished, and insignifi
cant weakening of foreign exchange indicates
that the seasonable outgo of gold
is likely not to occur on account
of . the heavy trade balance in our
j favor. The item of loan expansion does not
| indicate a very active demand for money, but
In the last few days offerings of commercial
I paper were reported to be in large volume
Bidding for choice grades has also been suffi
ciently active to affect a lowering of rates.
, The market for railway bonds has been very
active all week and record prices have been
; reached for many high graOe Issues. The Is
sues of the Union Pacific group have been
; conspicuous and strong, showing advances
ranging up to 6 points. Seattle. Lake Shore
and Eastern firsts trust receipts rose at one
time -" per cent, but lost a part of the gain.
Total -ales. $23,200,000.
United States twos and the old fours coupon
are *~ higher bid and the new fours '>, higher.
Total sales of stocks to-day were 277,500
! shares, hiding: Atchison preferred 4180, C.
j and O. 3815. Burlington 15.K20, L. and N. 4760,
j Manhattan ii 810, Metropolitan Street Railway
3350. Hawaiian Commercial Company 3000, New
York Central 14.1fi7. Missouri Pacific 5420,
Northern Pacific 7103, do preferred 12.3C0. Rock
Island S<>4o, St. Paul 17,760. Tobacco SSGO. Chi
cago Great Western MBT. 'People's Gas 5530,
j Sugar 54,120, Western Union 4254.
MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. Close: Money on
call steady. 3 per cent.
Prime mercantile paper, 3?j4 per cent.
Sterling exchange heavy, with actual busi
ness In bankers' Mils at $4 84% for demand and
$4 S2%'£4 S2 *i for sixty days.
Posted rate?. $4 !n3<i<4 53% and $4 85%<8>4 S6;
commercial bills. Si B; silver certificate* 57%<??
68%e; bar silver, ET%C; Mexican dollars, 46c;
State bonds, dull; railroad bunds, steady; Gov
ernment bonds, steady.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 12% St P & Om .... 71
Do pref 29 T n ' Ho rref US
Bait & Ohio 12%' St p m & m.... 121
Can Pacific 17 So Pacific 21
Can Southern ... 63 ISo Railway f%
Cent Pacific 11% Do pref 30= t
Ches & Ohio .... 21" T. A: Pac 11%
Chi & Alton .... 165 Union Pac 30-*
c H& Q 99 D P D & '1... 8%.
Chi & E 111 .... 55 Wahafh 7%
C CC & St L.. 33% Do ,>ref l«\
Do pref 80 Wheel & L E.... 2?*
Del & Hud 11l Do pref 12%
Del L & W 151 Express Companies—
Deo & R 0 11 Adame Ex 158
I"1 pref 46% American Ex ... US
Do Ist j>ref .... 38 I United States .. 40
Ft Wayne 163 Wells Fargo 112
Gt Nor pref — 132 Miscellaneous—
Hocking Val .... a*.; A Cot Oil 21%
Illinois Cent 106% . bo pr.-f 75%
Lake ' Erie & XV.. 16 Amn Spirits . 7%
Do t'ref 71 >* Do pref 18
Lake Shore 178 Am Tobacca R9
Louis & Nash .. fS% Do pref 116
Manhattan L ... lir.'. People's Gas ... J>6
M-t St Ry 132% ! Cons Gas 17«%
Mich Cent '.. 104 Com Cab Co .... 170
Minn & St L.... 24% Col P & 1r0n.... 24
Do Ist pref .... IS Do pref 70
Mo Pacific 33% Gen Elec 34
Mob & Ohio .... 19 ! Illinois Steel ... 48
Mo X & T 12% Laclcde Gas ... 1- .
Do pref 34% Lead 3f>%
Chi Ind & L 9% Do rrrf 106
Do pref 31 Nat Lin Oil .... IR
X .1 Cent 94% Or Imp Co 21%
N V Cent 111% Pacific Mall .... 30%
N T Chi & St L. 13% Pullman Pal .... 175
Lo Ist pref .... 65 Silver Cert 57%
Do m pref ... v 36 -Stan & T...... 3%
Nor West 14 Sugar ISfiH
No Amer Co .... 4% Do pref ....112
No Pacific 24%' T C & Iron ...... 25%
Do pref c.V» U S Leather .... 6%
Ontario & W.... .15% Do pref ........ 634
Or It & Nay .... 41 U S Rubber ..... 15%
Or Short Line ...20% Do pref 63%
Plttsburg 168 West Union 90%
Reading 21% C & N W ...... 121%
Do Ist pref....- 50% Do prof 164%
Rock Inland 8?% St L & 8 W 4
St L 4 8 F i% I).) pret 9%
Do Ist pref .... 56% ROW 22
Do !d pref .... 25% Do pref £8%
St Paul 94% Haw Com Co .... SO%
Do pref 144%|Chl G W 14%
CLOSING BONDS.
D 8 new 4* rag.. 128% IN J C 5* 111%
Do coup 12!i'.|,|n Carolina 6s ... 123
L 8 4s 112% 00 4n 101%
Do coup 114% No Pac lsts .... in
Do 2ds 100 Do 3s 62%
T" Sss re US',* Do 4s S7
Do 6s coup .... 114% N V C & S L 4?. 106%
District 8 66« ... 116 Nor & W fix .... 123
Ala class a .... 107 Northwstrn cons. 145
Do ' : 107 Do deb Ss 117%
lJ ° C 100 o Nay lsts 114
Do Currency .. 100 O Nay 4s 94%
Atchison 4s 91 O 8 Line 6s tr.. 124%
«° ■iJ <» 59% O s Line is tr.. 47%
Can Bo Ids 10$% O Imp lsts tr .. IK
C« N Ptr 55.... R5% DO 6* tr M
C ■ Ohio is 114 Pacific 6s of 65.. 103%
CH & D 4%5.... 104% Reading 4s .... 83%
i' .'-• R <; lsts ... 108% r a w iKts .... 83%
D & R G 4s floats L & I M C Ss.. 80%
£ Tent, Ms .... i«fi«4 l&8 f a ts. 117%
Erie Gen 4s .... 71 St P Con 140
FW & D lsts tr. 73 St C& P lsts.. 119%
Gen Elec .'is .... 100% no is 116 "
<; h& S a 65.. 105 s Carolina non-f. %
Do 2ds 101 Bo Ry is . . 92%
II & T C Is .... 109% Stan R & T 65.. 60%
Do con Cs 106 Tonn new set 3s. 89
lowa •' lsts 100 TA-P L G lsts. 99%
Kan P Con tr... 93% Do rg 2ds .... 29%
X P Ist D tr--.. 112 Union Pae Ists .. 103%
La new eons 45.. 101 IT pD & G lsts.. 53
L .<:- N I'ni 45... s.; Wab Ist 5s 108%.
Missouri 6s 100 • Do MS 82%
M K& T 2ds M W Shore 4s 104%
: Do 4s 87% Va Centuries ... 63%
N V Cent lsts .. 116% | Do deferred ... 3%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20|Ontarlo 2 60
Crown Point 2U|Ophlr 00
Con CM & Va.. 1 00 Plymouth OS
Deadwood 12; Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 28 Do pref 900
Hale & Norcrs... 1 \:, Sierra Nev M
Homestake 37 00 ' Standard 130
Iron Silver ...... 38 Union Con .jo
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 25
1 BOSTON.
BOSTON, Jan. Atchleon 12%. Bell Tele
phone 270, C. B. and Q. »9. Mexican .Central
6%, Oregon Short Line 20%, B. and M. 151%.
B. and B. 23%. ..,- — : ? v£
THE SAX FRAXCTSCO CALL, SUXDAY, JANUARY 16, 1898.
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 15— The Evening Poßt's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quieter 10-day. Americans
were rather dull on New. York prlcep. but with
a flrni undertone here. KnKllsh rails wrre
good on the collapse of the strike. Mor* jrold
will ga to Argentina next week.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NKW TOR3C Jan. 13.— FLOUR— Receipts.
IT.'.'T.'. Ibis; exports, 5355 bbls. l)ull and barely
!>K-ady on choice grades. City mill patents,
city mill clears. $6 3663 40; Minne
sota i -'; lakers, $4 20@* 50: win
ter Btraits. $1 4 | I H winter extras, $2 40@3 90:
winter low grades. $2 :•
WHEAT— Receipts, 37,000 bu: exports, 93,070
bu. "Spot steady; No. 2 red, $1 Ol'i. Options
opened firm on unexpectedly higher cables, ad
vanced on local covering and foreign buying,
eased off a little under realising, but finally
closed steady at %<g%c net advance; No, - red
January,- 99%@99%c. closed W%c; May, 92 1-16^'
92 G-16c, closed 92 l 4c
HOPS— Steady; State. im crop. «3>6c; 1830
crop, 7@9c: 1537 crop, lGiglSc: Pacific Coast.
IS9O crop, 4®Sc; UN crop. 7©&c; ISS7 crop. 16
@18c.
WOOL— Steady; fleece. 27631 c.
COFFEE— Options closed dull at 5 points net
decline. Sales, 2500 bags, including March, $5 70.
Spot Rio, dull; No. 7 invoice, 6Vic; No. 7 job
bing, 6',4c; mild, quiet; Cordova, L »'?ilo^■.
SUGAR— IIaw. steady; fair refining. 3*»c:
centrifugal, SS test, 4y»c; refined, quiet; mould
A. .''.•', standard A. sVie: Confectioners' A.
5V»c; cut loaf, He; crushed. i%e; powdered,
5 7-lflc; granulated, .'.',•■ : cubes, 5 7-16 c.
BUTTED Receipts, 7244 pkgs. Quiet; West
ern creamery, 14V4iZJ2Oc; Elgin*, 20c; factory,
llffir.c.
EGGS— Receipts, 1595 pk|rs. Steady: State
and Pennsylvania, 225?23c: Westerns, 20iJf22c.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PIGIRON— DuII; southern, $9 75311 2. <; north
ern. $11 51 312.
COPPER brokers'. JlO S7ft.
LEAD— Quiet; brokers', $3 55.
TIN PLATES— Quiet.
DRIED FRT-ITS.
NKW YORK. Jan. 15— California Dried
lulet.
EVAPORATED APPt£S— Oonunon, I . .
prime wire tray. | dried prim>-
PRUNES
APRICOTB Royal, 7O*lic; Mo.^rpark, fliffllc.
PEACHEB— Unpeeled, 7f<ili)c; peeled. 12Q20c.
CHICAGJ GRAIN MARKET
I CHICAGO, Jan. Wheat was surprisingly
, strong when contrasted with the weak feeling
that prevailed at }he close yesterday. First
transactions In May were at from 90%$}90>&c.
I against 9O@9QV4c the previous afternoon, and
in about half an hour It was able to be sold
; or a second or two at >\ Calls for tike
day had been sold at M^fcC, but It was said
most of these privileges had been bought up
by people who were short as a safeguard
against the possible eccentricities of an er
ratic market. The Liverpool market closed
from %i\ to %d higher than It did yesterday.
This was somewhat of a surprise to traders,
many of whom had sold short yesterday in
anticipation of a decline here to-day, and
caused considerable covering. Liverpool re
ported spot wheat wen 1 , and 2d lower for Cali
fornia, with sellers of Argentine wheat at 3d
per quarter lower than it was offered Friday.
The closing cables showed some recovery from
the previous day's heavy decline, and that
j tended to strengthen the hands of the bulls.
I Paris showed a rise of 60 centimes in January
! flour and 20 centimes In March-June. Bus!
' ness was at no time very heavy. While trad
ing still continues to be done chiefly for May
I delivery, there is a general disposition to work
! clear of it and transfer speculative dealing's
i into July, the proportion of trade in which Is
I growing daily. After the early advance In May
to 90fiC the offerings somewhat exceeded the
I demand, and the price sagged to between 90V*
i and 90^ic, but I it good support at that and
closed SO'ic bid.
! Business in corn was exceptionally dull, and
! merely of a scalping character. May closed
, He lower.
Of.ts were duller. If possible, than corn. May
dosed a shade lower.
Provisions were dull and easier. At the clos*
May pork was .",i lower and May lard and
ribs each -'_•■■ lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Wheat No. 2—
January 914 91U HU 91"
May !":- 80% W% Po> :
July SO»i So*» tiO^B 80i<
Corn No. 2—
Januar>- 2«% 2C% 26' i Mil
,May 21>'<, r.' 1 , 2«*i 29
July 30>4 30% 30H 10*
Oats No. 2—
May 23% »* 23% 23*1
July 22>, 22'» 22H 22*1
Mess Pork, per bbl—
January 9 20
May .." 9 4:>, 9 42'j 9 32 !4 35
Lard, per 100 TT>9—
January 4 65 4 65 4 624 4 es
May 4 77V4 4 >0 I ::■■; 4 75
July 4 V, 4 85 4 £2V» 4 «5
Short Rlbß, per 100 !t>8 —
January 4 65
May 4 70 4 724 4 65 4 "'i
Cash quotations were as follws: Flour, dull.
! Winter patents. $4 50@4 SO; straights, $4 ISO
4 40; spring, specials, $r. 2.".'./ r > 33; do patents,
$4 40<i?4 70; straights. $4«4 30; bakers'. $3 W<l
3 80; No. 2 spring wheat, B<%c; No. 3 spring
wheat, 75fj<;3c: No. 2 red, 91 7 *!fiC<2 : Sie: No. 2
corn, 2S\Ti27c; No. 2 oats, 22% c; No. 3 white,
f. o. b.. 24ff24%c; No. 2 rye. 44% c: No. 2 bar-
I ley. f. o. b., 2«i39c: N«. 1 flaxseed. ■%\ ]9tTl 24;
prime timothy seed, $2 ',''*. mess pork, per bbl
I f!> 2<VS9 2."-: Lard, per inn lbs. $4 62%«j4 (*,; short
i ril^j sides <lonae>. $4 45<fJ4 70; dry salted shoul
ders <l>oxed), $4 7335; shnrt clear sides (boxed),
J4 7SGS; whisky, distillers' finished goods, per
: gal, $1 19; sugars, cut loaf, 6.14 c; granulated,
S.Cle.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, bbls 1.0.0*0 24.000
Wheat, hu 5.C00 10.000
Corn, bu 215,000 166.000
Oats, bu 231.000 103,000
Rye. hu 8.000
Barley, bu 54,000 22,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady. Creameries, 14<J»19c;
dairies, ll<g'l7c; cheese, quiet, B®B%c; eggs,
steady, fresh. 20c
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shlpmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 209.7C0 21,840
Duluth £5,171 61S
Milwaukee 30,550 ...:...
Chicago 49.703 21.057
Toledo 3.197 H.OOO
St. Louis 14,000 25,000
Detroit .6.486 10.944
Kansas City 29,000 65,500
Totals 335.367 150.109
Tidewater—
Boston 3.267 11,017
New York 37.000 93,070
Philadelphia 12,796 464
Baltimore 40,004 7fi.000
New Orleans 120,000
Totals 93.067 300,551
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— Jan. Mar.
Opening 60 00 fi r,\
Closing
Flour— . ■ ,-■ ■■ •'- -; .
Opening 2S 35 27 45
Closing ;
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FTURES.
Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 72% 7 «9% 64%
Closing ..^^j^. ....
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 15.— CATTLE— There were no
changes from yesterday's prices for the few
hundred head offered ■ for pale. The market
this week closes firm for good cattle And lower
for the poorest. ~ Liberal receipts are expected
for next week and a moderate reaction In
prices would cause no surprise. - - '•
HOGS — Sold at an extreme range of $3 40©
3 70. chiefly at 13 ts®3 66, and the bulk of the
pigs Bold at $3 S')fj3 55. As compared with a
week ago, prices were 2%fi?sc higher. At the
close the best hogs sold at $3 62%ft"S 65.
SHEEP— Prices for sheep and lambs were
firm on the basis of S2 KOI for a few Inferior
sheep, up to $4 25^4 50 for good to choice
Hooks, fed Westerns being salable nt $3 50fj>
4 50. Yearlings were In demand st $4 5004 75
nnrt lambs at $4 50$ i"i 05, feeding lambs selling
at jr./ 10.
Receipts— 300; Hogs, 17,000; Sheep,
5000.
DENVER.
DENVER. Colo., Jan. 15.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts. 600. Market steady to firm. Beef steers,
$3 25©>4 10; cows, $203 25: bulls, stags, etc., $2
01; calves, $4£5 75; atockers and feeders, $3 40
($4.
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market firm. Light
packers, $3 40®3 50; heavy, $3 3.'<!j3 45; mixed,
$3 «©J 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 300, for local packers. No
quotations. ':■.,;
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Jan. 15.— CATTLE— Receipts,
200. Market unchanged; only retail trade.
HOGS— Receipts. 9000. Market steady to
strong and active. Bulk of sales, %i 45©4 50;
heavies. $4 40(5 4 62%; packers. $3 42Sii3 C 2%;
mixed. S3 40<&S 60: lights. $3 35©3 50; yorkers,
»3 45«3 50: pigs, $s 2:*r. 52%.
SHEEP— Receipts, 1000. Market firm. Lambs,
94 209E 50; muttons, $3 K#4 40.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Neb., Jan. 13.— CATTLE— Receipts,
1500. Quiet: Me lower. Native beef steers, $3 70
«ii M; Western steer*, $3 6094 40: Texas steer*.
$3<f;3 60; cows and heifers. $31/3 70; canners,- $2
Si 2 80; stockers and feeders. 13 60®4 60; calves
tWi; bulls and stags. $2 2593 50.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500. Market a shade lower.
Heavy. V- 40«i3 M: mixed, $3 4583 50; light, $3 50
©3 SO; bulk. $.1 44M8 50.
SHEEP— Receipts, 3.'i». Market strong. Fair
to choice natives. 13 704(4 40; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 <v^i4 25; common and stock sheen
$3©3 80; lambs. 14*5 5 R.
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK. Jan. 15.— The Financier earn:
The New York banks have made a new record
In the matter of loan*, the total of $810 992 600
at the close of the week being: the highest ever
reported. Dep sits also are above any figure
jsly made. Turing the first tWi
of the present year the gain In deposits has
b?en ri6,600,000, while I'uns have expanded only
• . 00. In view of this fact the eaae in
money rates does not apt ear strange, arkl if
the banks- cont<r.ue to gain Jrom the Interior
.v.-r <tu< taflons will follow.
The wlthdra mt deposits, how
ever, may steady the situation, The banks
irained during the pe*t week J.*.2ii9.30j in cash.
?. . - • • < lold is now
coming in this direction from Canada, the past
ten days' rceipts having approximated $«:.(>.
000. The increase In deposits was $C,"20.400.
while loans are unly J1.21j.700 lieavier. The ex
reserve in consequence expanded $3,074,000
and stands at $25,968,771 This is only half
as large as reported one year ajro. but in view
of the fact that remittances are now becom
ln>? larger, an Increase Bay be expected from
week to week. In the changes made during
the week the operations seem to have been con
• th«> iarK-r Imnks. Th>- deposits of the
Hr.nover, the National Park and the National
City Hanks are i7.r«K'.ooo larger than the pre
vln'.is week. Whether this Is due to special
tlons carir.ot be definitely stated, but it
shows that the r^malnirg banks have less
in lmnd than at the close of January
S. The factors that led to the g-aln in cash,
however, are rather well defined and they may
•her institutions having
larije country connections from this time on. As
it week the enormous interior
m< v.-ment at this season forces down m i,-y
Lad compels csnitsl to seek better rates
abroad- In other words. It leads to gold -x-
But the anomaly Is now presented of
our Idle Money being Invested In foreign ex
change on this Bide of the water. Europe is
n..w usin*; at le.-^t $".0,000,000 American money
la Urn foreign < ! r deferred oredlts, and unless
rates abroad • r >' '""' level there r<>
no prosper t of this sum being immediately
reducwi. S.i sensitive, li< wever. Is the situa
nce tlie United States became the dom
inant power In the international market that
: .dit can be expanded or reduced at will.
<■lea.rini.-s Indicate that a much larger vol
ume of money than usual will be needed t his
year tv properly cure for the business being
done.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Jan. 15.— The following reports of
the London an* Liverpool markets, dated to
day, have been received:
Consols. 112 13-168112 15-16; Sliver. 26%;
French Rentes. 103f loctg'lOSf 17Hc.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 15.— WHEAT— Firm; No.
1 standard California Wheat. S6d; cargoes off
coast, buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on
passage, buyers and sellers opart; Liverpool
Wheat, No 1 California. 7s Sd^7s lOd; Wheat
In Paris, steady; Flour In Paris, steady.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-S2d.
"■.:.': CLOSE.
WHEAT— pot. firm: No. 2 red Western win
ter. 7s M; No. 1 red Northern spring, 7s 7>4d.
CORN-7-Spot. firm: American mixed new,
2s !d; American mixed old, 3s 3Vid. Futures,
steady; January. 3s 2%d; February. 3s 2d ;
March. 3s 2d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull. 9s 6d.
HOPS- At London, Pacific Coast, firm; 4.15s
65.55.
EXPORTS AND IMPORTS.
NEW TORK. Jan. 15.— The exports of specie
from the port of New York for the week
amounted to $524,040 in gold and $573,585 in
silver. The imports were: Gold. $225.!>65; sil
ver. $0,460; dry goods. $2,422,030; general mer
chandise. $4.149.143.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. Exchanges, $222,
037; balances, $53,930. .
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET .
PORTLAND. Or. Jan. 15.— WHEAT— Dull
and lower. 70c being the ruling quotation for
Walla Walla, with blue stem in no demand at
72fi 73c.
Cleared— British ship r.iklinr for St. Nazalre.
France, with 100,892 bushels of Wheat; British
hark Dundee for Queenstown, with 109.967 bush
els of Wheat.
Total Wheat shipments since January 1.
1.135.267 bushels.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 15.— WHEAT— No. 1
blue stem, 7"c; No. 1 club, 63c.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exrhanre. 60 days — $4 5354
New York Exchange, sight — •■' 17: .
Sterling Cables •— 4 «0 "
New York Exchange, telegraphic — 20
Fine Sliver, per ounce — • 571$
Silver Ore and Bullion — 571,,
Mexican Dollars 47 47>
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Mine Mlnnche takes for r.axt
London :••".. 4.".4 ids , vul I ; - •; Invernelll,
for fork. :?..544 ctls. at
Futures were firmer, but there was no change
in spot prices. Trade was .lull in actual grain,
but there was a *o<*l tnirtnes* on call.
Tidewater quotationa ar»> as follows: $1 37',
fee No 1, $1 Js\ for Choice and $1 40®l 40 per
ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL, BOARD SALES. '
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— May— looo ctls,
$1 83 V. 10.000, $1 35* i; IS.OOO, $1 &%; 18,000,
n 3.v,. •-;.•
Second Session— May— ctls. $1 35%; 2000.
II SST».
Regular Morning Session— May— ctls.
$1 38»i: 2000. ♦1 2KVi: 44.000. $1 36' i: 24.000. $1 36}»;
50.C00. $1 S<! T i; 2000. $1 S7: 56.000, $1 3C*i.
BARLEY— The market continues to advance,
and both Fee.l and Brewing are higher and
very firm, with good demand.
Feed. S24<gSse for dark to good, and 9T»*o#Ji
for choice; Brewing, $1 1001 15 for No. 1 and
$1 02Vaf}l 05 per ctl for dark Coast.
CAM, K"AHI> BALER
Informal Session— 9:l3 o'clock— May— 2ooo ctls,
844 c.
Second BeMiofi May— sooo ctls. S.*.c.
Reg :lar Morning Session— May— £ooo •>, S6c:
WOO, 86Hc.
OATS— There was no further change yester
day, Trade was dull, as usual on Saturday.
Fancy Feed. SI 20Q1 25 per ctl; good to
choice. $1 15<ffl ITVi; common. $1 i<vf?l IJU'
Surprise. II 25<81 35: Red. $1 30© 1 40; Gray.
SI 12H-JM 17H: Milling. Jl rVi?tl :"i: Black,
for seed. $1 2501 to. Clipped Oats sell at fig
2 per ton over the raw product »
. CORN— I he situation is unchanged.
Small Round Yellow. MV-cfffSl i>er ctl- Lures
Yellow. 97Vi4?9<;?ic: White. "jtOifjSSc.
RYE— sl 02H«M 05.
BUCKWHEAT— »I 60^1 75 per ctl.
FbTR AND MILLSTI'FFa
FLOUR— Net cash prices are: Family extras.
$4 T-604 65; Bakers' extras. 14 30<84 40 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks ar» as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $5 per 100 n>s: Rye Flour. $: 50 per 100:
Rice Flcur. $5 "5; Cornmeal, {4 25; extra cream
do, $3: Oatmeal, $2 60; Oat Groats. $4: Hom
in v. $.1 lOOS JO; Buckwheat Flour. $3 25013 50;
Cracked Wheat. $3 13; Farina. U 60; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Onts (bhls). $5 '0®
6 90; In packs. $3 75; Penrl Barley. $4; Split
Peas. $3 60; Green dc. $1 25 per 100 lbs.
hat and rnaißiuFn
Th« seesawing of th* little falls of rain we
are having at present keep* the Hay market
unsettled, but the feeling Is firm, and if the
phowers do not amount to more than they have
thus far there will be a further advance. " Feed
stuffs ranee about the same, except Rolled
Barley, which Is higher. '
BRAN— Jl- m per ton.
MirjJOLINOS— S2O 50©24 60.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed' Barley, J2IS2J . per
ten; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $28 50929 SO
jobbing. *30; Cocoanut Cake. $19220; Cotton
seed Meal. ?2^ff3o per ton.
HAY— (Ex-car In round lots)— Whent, $13 SO
ff7l<i per ton: Wheat and Oat. $131715; Oat
$12??14; Barley. $12®13 BO; : compressed. $13 yvrj
16 50; Alfalfa. $10 50@ll 60; stock. $10®n 50
' lover. $10^12 per ton. " ■
STRAW— 3O®4Sc per bale.
BEANS AND BEED3.
Lima eßans are quoted a fraction higher.
Colored sorts are firm, but unchanged.
BEANS — Bay os, J2 >0^IJ; Small Whites
$1 25(ffl 40; Largo Whites. '$1 20@l 35; Pinks.
$1 R0&1 W; Reds, Jl 50Q1 70; i Blackeye. $2 2o<Hi
2 50; Butters, $1 40©l 50; Llmas, $1 6501 75'
Pea. 51 26©1 40 per ctl. • - ...*.'
SEEDS— Brawn Mustard. J.I per rtl: T>llow
Mustard. $2^2 50; Flax. $1 90<32; Canary Peed
/ :i2 : i < c per lb: Alfalfa, 2i»«o; Rape. 2Q:%c;
Hemp, '3c; Timothy. 5V4c
DRIED PEAS— Niles. « 25; Green. Jl 2oa
1 40 per ctl. •
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
String Beans are scarce and In demand. The
other Summer 'Vegetables are firm. . There Is
no chanße in Potatoes Or Onions.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose. «o<ff7oc; River Reds.
45@50c; River Burbanks. tOMfc; Oregon Bur
banks, tSOigSOe; Eallnas Hurbanks. 75c«m-
Su.-tt Potatoes. Me per ctl for Rivers and
60tf?75c for Morced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
'-"•*° |*r Hi.
ONIONS— 50 per <tl; cut Onions, $1 50@
2 per sack.
VK. M~TAPr.FP-Matrf.wfat Squash. $1fX312
per ton: Hubbard Sauash. $10^12 per ton; Dried
Peppers, r>@6c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
bage. 60®75c per ctl; Carrots, 25©60 c per sack:
Garlic. .t<TS'>j'- per lb: Asparagus, 10©15 c per lb
for small and 20(ff3Oc for large.
Los Angeles Green Peas, B@7c: String Beans,
— : Tomatoe*. 2SJ?7Sc: (Jreen Peppers. 20.- pfr
lb; Summer Squash. 12'.4c: Egg Plant. 16 per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Ear tern sold at $5 for Hens and
young Roosters, M CO for Fryers and $1 for
Broilers. There will be at least three cars
during the coming week.
Arrivals of Game are sufficient for the de
mand and the market Is quiet.
POULTRY^-
Llve Turkeys, 10@lle for Gobblers and inutile
for Hens; dressed Turkey , H©i2Hc per rb;
Geese, per pair. $1 25Q1 75; Ducks, - $4 6Off6;
Htm, $3 CHI'S."; Roaster*, young, $4 5005: do old
J3 50(04; Fryers, Jl 60<T4 75; Broilers, $4 25©4 go
for large and J3Q4 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@J
per dozen for young and SI for old.
GAME— Quail, per doas, $1 ; Mallard, $3; Can
va>back. $3 SO; Sprig. $175; Teal. "Jl; Widgeon.
$125: .Small Ducks. T-Sc'SJl: Gray Geese. $2 SO;
White, $1; Brant." SI SO: Honkers, $4; English
Snipe. *2; Jack Snipe. $1: Hare. $1; Rabbits,
$1 2i@l £0 for Cottontails and 75c@Sl for email.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
There was no further decline In Butter or
Errs, but both are easy, and still lower
prices are expected.
BUTTKR—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries, 2S@27c; sec
onds. 24@25c.
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 23<©24c; lower grades,
2iiiL"- M : c per n«.
Eastern Butter— Creamery. 22Vi@24c; ladle
packed, 17*i©21c per Ib.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 11@HU C ; com
mon to good, 8@10c; Cream Cheddar, 10011 c;
Young America. m4®l2V4c; Western. ll@12c;
Eastern. 12%@13«.c per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 23©25 c per dozen; store
Eggs. .19@22%c. ;
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples are very dull and In ample supply.
Oranges. Lemons and Limes are also lr. suffi
cient stock and quiet.
DiXIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries, $7@S per bbl; Coos Bay. SI 600
2 per box.
Apples. 25<g'40c per box for common, 50c®Jl
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy;
Lady Apples. 50c«i:$l for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $i ZZ@
2 2:.: Seedlings. 50c4?tl 25; Mandarins, $i@i 50:
Grape Fruit, US fW per box; Lemons, sOco
$1 for common and $1 25ff?l 75 for good to
choice; Mexican Limes, $196 per box; Cali
fornia Limes In small boxes. 30®75c; liananas,
II 25(32 25 per bunch; Pineapples, S3@4 per
dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
Telegrams from New York report a good de
mand for Prunes there, and though the crop of
last year was the largest ever raised on this
coast there will probably be no left-over stock
of any consequence when the new crop comes
forward. The other fruits are quiet as a rule.
Prunes, carload lots, 3*i©4%c for 40-50' 3' 4
3%c tor 50-60's, 2*iS3\ic for 60-70' s. 2ii©2«ic for
70-»0s. l*i®2>.ic for SO-90's, lV;©l?ic for 90-100' »;
Peaches. 3©4V4c; fancy. i#t%e; peeled. 10a
12\»c; ApricotK, sfiCc for Royals and 7-i ■>,- for
good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples
S'-,i(7c; sun-dried. 4S4Hc; black Figs, in sacks.
2@2',4c; plums, 4\i#4*ic for pitted and letUc
for unpittel; bleached Plums, s@sHc; Nec
tarines, 4i>sc for prime to fancy; Pears, 2S»@
4Hc for quarters and 33?5%c for halves, accord
ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— New Itaislns. 2>4@3e for two
crown. 4c for three-crown, 5c for four-crcwn.
6Hc for Seedless Sultanas and fl 10(gl 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes. 2%c.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotnhle at KCfiOc per
lb; Walnuts, s®Cc for hardshell and C©"c
for softshell: Almonds. JVifl^He for hardshell,
6{j6c for softshell 1 and 7SBc for paper-shell;
Peanuts, 4'< i.'V for Eastprn and 4 1 ,4 for Cali
fornia; Pecans, 6l4<frSc: Filberts. B^j@loc: Bra
zil Nuts. S@9c per Kb: Cocoanuts. $4 Co@s per
100.
HONEY— New Comb. B@loc for bright and 5@
"c for lower grades; new water- white ex
tracted. 4<4©sc; light amber extracted, 3%@4i-4c
per lb.
BEESWAX— ?3ii2Sc per TV
PROVISIONS.
The Alaskan demand Is figuring more or less
and keeps the market from stagnation. For
ward figures are very firm, and dealers are ex
acting full prices for future delivery.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. Si.o per n» for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for light. lOViu
for extra light and 1.0 for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams. 10U©llc: California
Hams. ■.■\i'.>- ■_••■. Mess Beef, IS 50 per bbl : extra
mess do. J9 £0; family do. $11012; salt Pork.
JBgB 50; extra prime Pork. 19 50: extra clear.
$16; mess. $14 50; Smoked Beer. HV-'SilL'^c per
n>.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at st£c per Tb
for compound and to for pure: pails, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces, (c per Tb for compound and la
for pure: half-bbls, 6'ic: 10-n> tins, 7c; do 5-Tb.
"He per lt>.
' COTTOL^NE— Tierces. r.v4<ff«Hc: packages.
lens than 100 rbs— l-ro palls, f/i In a case. STj,c;
J-Tb pails. 20 In a ense, 8»4c: r,-Tb palls. 12 in a
case, S»4c: ln-Tb palls, 6 In a case. BHc; 50-Tb
tins, ore or two In a case. 7Hc: wooden buck
et-. ?n rr>s net. 7"»r: fancy tubs. SO Tbs net, 7%c;
i half-bbls. about 110 rbs. 7V.c per Ib.
HinES. TALLOW, wool AND HOPS.
AH markets under this heal are In pretty
bape, though business Is rathi-r quiet on
the whole.
A New York commercial paper of the 10th
«ays: The steady advance in hides and the
lightness of the supply give MM ground to
th« predictions of importers that prices this
yeor will rival th"so of 1895. The present high
prices are accounted for by the fact that the
supply of raw material in every mart of the
world Is unprecedented!? small. The stock of
dry hides in Oral hands here aggregates 13.000.
It consists of 1.i.000 Orinocns. 2300 Cordova.
Buenos Ayres, etc.: 8400 Central Americans,
Ecuador, etc.: 7COO Puerto •••■il... La Guayra.
etc.: MOO Bogota, Savanilla, etc.. and 5000
Mexican*. The receipts last week amounted to
62.762 hides.
HIDE* AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
at 1<- under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
UXi-lOHc per Hi; medium. 9c: light. 9c; Cow
hides. !-o''>v-: Stags, 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf,
lie: dry Hides, 1O; culls and brands. 13c: dry
Kip and Veal, 14gi:,c: 'try Calf. lS»i2oc: culls.
legiTc; Goatskins. 2'"-^r!7u.c each: Kids, s@loe:
Deerskins, good summer. 25©50 c per lb: me
dium, Me; winter, 10c: Sheepskins, shearlings.
JOWSOc each: short wool. 401?7Oc each; medium.
70^;*^: long wools. 90cfT$l 30 ench.
TALLOW— No 1 rendered. 3^3Vic per n>; No.
?. 2iS?2Uc; refined. Be: Crease. 2JT2HC.
WOOL— Fall Middle counties— free. 10«3
Be; do defective. lO^llc: Fan Joaquln. defec
tive. 7ft9c: Southern Mountain. 901 lc: free
Northern. 12«?13c: do defective. 9®tlc: Hum
hnlrtt and Mendoclno. I.l«nr>c: Eastern Oregon.
lOISc: Valley Oregon. 16<S13c.
HOPS— OId crop. 2ffJfic for ponr to fair and 8
®10c for good: new crop. ll^lSc per lb.
GENERAL MFRCHANPISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, !<<9S delivery.
&%£C«;c: Wool Bags. 27@30c.
COAL— Wellington. $8; New Wellington. $3;
Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle. »5 50;
Bryant. $5 50; Coos Buy. $1 75; Wdlsend. $7 00;
Cumberland, 1.14 DO in bulk and $16 in sack«;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. *15; Cannel. it
per ton; Hock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $7 60: Coke, 113 per ton in bulk and
115 In (tacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been six arrivals of coal from Brit
ish Columbia, with 20.523 tons; three from
Washington, 9000 tons; one from Australia. 3772
tons; one from Oregon, 1142 tons; total. 34.743
tons. Notwithstanding the generous deliveries
this week, yet there is an exceptional scarcity
of all grades suitable for domestic uses; Well
ington, Seattle and Coo* Hay shipments have
all been taken out of first hands into the re
taller? yards. Our protracted spell of frosty
weather baa largely Increased the consump
tion for house purposes. If our Coast coal pro
ducers should see tit to take advantage of the
preeent condition of our fuel market they couid
very readily mark up prices, and housekeepers
would be the sufferers. Steam coals arc in fair
supply, and no change of values new! be feared
for the present, as large consumers are so
licited to make contracts nt current rates, mi.i
do not appear to be very anxious buyers. if
■we do not have some general rains shortly, to
induce grain carriers to seek this port for the
next season's crop, there will assuredly be a
stiffening in coal freights. The total amount
of foreign and Eastern coals that can possibly
arrive h«-re in the next sixty days from all
sources, foots up less than 47.000 tons: as our
ronsumption within that time will be fully
210.CC0 tons. It can readily be computed what
n draft we will make on the output of Seattle
and British Columbia. With four firms con
trolling 90 per cent of our local fuel supplies
from' • mi. Coast, It can be seen how easily a
coalition could be effected to establish uniform
VT.lues."-' ■* i-_i -_ " •
PACIFIC CODFISH— Union Fish Com
pany quotes as follows:
nundles. per lb., S^ic; cases, selected, per
Hi , 4' H • cases. imitation Eastern, per lb..
4%0: boneless, per lb . 6c; strip*. "Norway."
per lb., Vi ■; strips. "Narrow Gauge." per lb.,
5%c; ■tripe, ' "Silver King." per lb., 6'ic;
blocks, "Clipper." per IK. sc: blocks. "Ori
ental." per In.. B%c; blocks, "Seabright," per
lb . 6\r; tablets. "Crown Brand." per lb..
TV^c middles, "Golden State." per lb.. 6»Jc:
middles. "White Seal." per dot., 4 c; desic
cated. "Gilt Edge." per do*., SOc; pickled cod.
barrels, each, $8; pickled cod. half barrels,
each. $4 SO. ; '--il '-'■-■'
• SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 6*ic: Powdered, 6Hc: Dry
Granulated. s\c: Confectioners' A. . r %c: Mag
nolia A. s*»e: Extra C. EVic: Golden C. 5Hc;
Candy Granulated. 6%c: California A. 6V40 per
lb; half-bbls hie more than barrels,' and boxes
He more.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
The Beef market la hinging largely on the
weather at .the moment. Dealers say that a
good rain would depress prices, while dry
weather would cause an advance. There Is no
change In Pork or Mutton. .
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows: , ■ ■, ■• .
BKl3F— First quality. «\i&ic; second do, 6%0
to; thlid do. 4©sc per lb.
VEAL— Large,' E#te: small, B^c p«r lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. 6«?7c; ewes, 6c per Tb.
LAMB — Spring, nominal. •
PORK— I/I Hogs, S\WS t for large and
3%#TSHe for small and 3H^3H<* for medium;
■Oft Hogs, 2«4©3^c; dressed do. ES5%e per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday, January 15. '
Flour, qr ska ... 8.910 Wool, bales .'.... 100
Wheat, ctis ..;. 31.695 Chicory, bbls.... 22
Barley, ctls .... ' 2.580 Leather, rolls .. 104
Oats, ctls ...... 100 Wine, gals 77,450
Com. ctls 3." j ßrandy, gals ... 4.500
Butter, ctls 91 1 Eggs, doi 1,180
Cheese, ctls .... 243 Powder, cs 17
Beans, sks Ml ■ Hides, no ....... ].'.."
Potatoes, ska .... 3,911 Quicksilver, flsk. 53
Onions, sks ' 22 Raisins, bxs .... 140
Bran, sks 455 Pelts, bdla 133
Middlings, sks .. 135
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 10.DS3I Onions, sks 903
Wheat, ctls 6,260 Bran, sks 1,240
Oats, ctls 660 Flaxseed. sks ... 1.37?
Potatoes, ska .. 4,ls»S; Shorts, sks 1,800
WANTED A SECOND CATCH.
There once lived a man and his wife
at St. Ann's, the only town of the isl
and of Alderney, and the pair were
not on the best of terms.
One fine morning the man was miss
ing and nothing was heard of him for
a fortnight. The wife pretended to be
in great distress, so much so that when
his body was found in a small bay sur
rounded by rocks at low water no one
liked to tell her — more especially as the
finding was accompanied with what
they thought would shock her dread
fully, for when the poor fellow was
pulled out of the water a great quan
tity of small conger eels fell on the
sands from his body; the fact was, he
was full of them!
At last a friend undertook to break
the intelligence and receive the widow's
instructions.
This he did, not omitting to men
tlon the eels.
The story told, he asked what were
her wishes, as he was anxious, to- ;
gether with the rest of her friends, to
obey her orders.
The widow removed her handker
chief from her eyes and murmured out
in the Channel Island Anglo-Norman
tongue:
"Send home the eels and set him
again; I am very fond of eels!" — Spare
Moments.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Ptkamlk.
I From | Dt r «
China and Jaoan Jan 16
Coqullle River JaD 16
(iraj'B Harbor Jan 16
Departure Bay Jan IB
Tacoma....- -. Jan It;
Humooldt Bay Jan Hi
Nanaimo Jan 17
Orepon ports Jan 17
1 HumbOicu Bay •... Jan 17
■ r. scent City Jan 17
San Dleg«.. . .inn 17
Victoria St. Puaret Sna ... Jan 17
Honolulu Jan lit
Newport Jan I>J
Portiana Jan 20
Seattle.: Jan 20
Panama ijan 20
munooidt Jan 21
San Dlesro | Jan 21
Victoria and Pupet Sound Jan 33
Coos Bay Jan 23
Coos Bay Jan 23
Peru !
f|. 1111!. .
icnnle
Del Norte !
iVciSiiiirtou
Mackinaw......
A'ocott
*an Jose
\ Blanchard... ■
Pomona '
Crescent City..
>nntr» Kosa ...
['m:iH]l;i ... .
\ustralla
3OOC Bay
State 01 '.i:..
Willamette ..
Solon
North Fork
Jueen .... ;..
31 ty Puebia.. ..
Arcnta
[T. . . .«
floiner
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Stbamer. I Destination"
Sails.
A'alla Wlla Vie * P Sound' Jan IC. » am | Pier U
Czarina.... Coos Bay Jan 17.10 am Pier 8
Somer Newport, Jan 17. » am Pier 11
Kxcelslor.. Alaska Jan 17. 12 MJPier23
Thllkat — Bel Rivor Jan 17. s» am Pier 13
Arcata Coon Bay lan 18. 10 am Pier 13
Columbia.. Portland Jan 18.10 am Pier 24
'it.vofs.vii Panama Jan IS. 12 m pm SS
(Veeoti Hambldt Bay. Jan 18, 4 pm! Pier IS
','■ : Norte..] Gray Harbor! Jan 19. 12 m Pier 2
Santa Rosa' San these Jan 18, 11 am Pier 11
>escemC.|CreßcentCity.jJan P. 3 pm Pier —
Pomona.... i HumblUt Bay. Jan 19. 2 rv Pier 9
\ Blaiichnli Yaquiuaßay.. Jan 19. 9 am! Pier 13
Sooa Bay . . I Newport ran ?1. am Pirn- 11
[TmsUlla... |Vlo SndiJah .1. 9 am | Pier 9
State of C.ii Portland Jan 2:i, JO am Put 24
Dueen ISanDlegro las -■•;.)! am Pier 11
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Bur»«y.
Ttm.'s and Heights of High and Low
Wau-ts at Tort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by GUlcial Au
thority or the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide it the same at both places.
JANfART- IS9B.
I J lm(> feel T! '"- reel Tl '"" Feet ! Tlme Feet
?. H \VI L Wi JH W [JTW
MS .■.:!<; 5.S 12:Hl ii.. 7723 3.5 11 -85 Tf
17 «:06l 5.7 1:88 O.Oi 8:54 37
L W ii \v L W h'w ""
18 0:41 3.1 7:04 5.9 ■_>::>•; 0.5 9:59 in
19! l:« 8.2 8:(tt 6.1 3:31 -0.9 10:50 4';,
•A», 2:43 i 3.2 6: Ml f,.2l 4:2tl -1.1 n:n :3 3 4.5
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are Riven In the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the d.iv. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Purvey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractive from the
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrography
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison an,] reference, and the latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mare
Island. Cal.
ice stating whether tnp time ball was
dropped on time or prlvlnar the error. If any. Is 1
published the same .lay by the afternoon pa- |
[■•■is, and by the morning papers tho following ;
day. W. S. HUGHES,
Lieutenant. U. S. N.. in charge.
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrvgraphtc Office. U. S. N , Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco. January
it, a
Tne time ball on Telegraph Hill was
dropped exactly at noon to-day —I. c., at noon ;
of the 12vth meridian, or exactly at S p. m., ',
Greenwich time. W. S. HUGHES.
LU-uUnuntU. 3. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE
ARRIVED.
Saturday, January 15. j
Ptmr Homer, .lessen, 70 hours from Newport '
and way ports; pass and mdse, to Goodall, I
Perkins & Co.
Stmr Columbia, Conway, 62 hours from |
Portland, via Astoria ■UVj hours; pass and i
mdse. to O It & N Co.
Schr Reliance, Christiansen, 30 hours from j
Timber Cove; 65 cds wood, to R A Gllbride &
Co.
Sohr Alice Cooke, Penhallow, 23 days from
Honolulu: 21.694 bags sugar, to Williams, Dl- •
mond & Co.
Schr Laura Pike, Johnson, 4 days from Eu- 1
reka; lumber, to ('has Nelson.
CLEARED. *
Saturday, January 15. j
Stmr Homer, Jessen, Newport; Goodall. Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Walla Walla. Gage, Victoria and Port ;
Townsend; Goodall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork. ■ Bash, Kureka, Chas Nel
son.
Br' str Belglc, Rinder, Yokohama and Hong
kong; O & O 8 S Co.
Haw atmr San Mateo, Fletcher, Comox; Pao i
Imp Co.
Ital bark Orlente, Cacace, Queenstown; Geo
W M. Near.
Schr Falcon, Llndolm, Tahiti; J Wlghtman
Jr.
BAILED.
Saturday, January 15.
Stmr Queen, Debney, San Diego, etc.
Stmr Jewel, Madsen. Caspar.
Stmr Washtenaw, Crosscut), Tacoma. •
Stmr President, Nelson, Yaqulna Bay.
Stmr Empire. Nelson. Coos Bay.
Hr stmr Belglc, Kinder, Yokohama & Hong- I
kong.
Stmr Alcazar, Gunderson.
Stmr Point Arena. Hanson, Mendoclno.
Stmr Scotia. Johnson.
Fr bark Reine Blanche. Gourlo, East Lon- ;
don. • ■"■-. ■ --
Schr Beulah. Mitchell.
Schr Nevelty. Rosendal, Wlllapa Harbor.
Schr Neptune, Estvold. Grays Harbar. t
Pchr Sacramento, Crangle. Coos Bay.
Si iir Twilight. Hansen, Grays Harbor.
Schr Albion. Grunnell.
S-hr Ivy. Brown, Everett. •-". ••---■-•;•;
Bohr Western Home, Nllsson. Coos Bay.
Schr Corinthian, Kurth. Point Arena.
Schr Bender Brothers, Wetsel. Bowens Land- !
ing.
Schr Viking, Peterson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Occidental. Brandt. Eureka.
CHARTERS.
The British ship Errol loads lumber at Hast
ings' Mills for Cork, 80s; Lutona. lumber on
the Sound for Guayaquil; Luclle, mdse at '
Seattle for Alaska; Poltalloch. wheat at Port- i
land for Europe. I4s M; Sprlngburn, same Voy
age, 25s— both prior to arrival.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 15—10 p. m.— Weather
cloudy; wind NE; velocity 20 miles.
SPOKEN.
Dec 10—53 S 88 W. Br ship Clan Galbralth.fm
Liverpool for San Francisco, and not as before" '
reported.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
TATOOSH- Passed Jan 13— Br stmr Bristol '
hence 12 for Nanalmo.
NEW WHATCOM-Salled Jan I.V- Schr Glen- I
, dale, for San Francisco; bktn Retriever, for ;
'. San Diego.
FORT BRAGG— Sailed Jan 16— Schr Barbara :
Hernster. for Port Harford.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Jan 15— Ship Lucile, for '
Alaska.
! Arrived Jan Stmr Wilamette, hence Jan
I 11: stmr Signal, from Astoria.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 16— Stmr Greenwood, I
for San Francisco.
TACOMA— Sailed Jan 15— Ship Columbia, for ;
j San Francisco.
EVREKA— SaiIed Jan 15— Schr Jessie Minor,
for Snn Francisco.
Arrived Jan 15— Schr John A, hence Jan 11.
TATOt >SH— Passed Jan l:V-Shlp Columbia,
for San Francisco; schr Vega, from Port
Blukuk-y. for San Francisco.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Jan lo— Schr Mabel
Gra\ . for Dur»-ka.
ASTORlA— Arrived Jan I">— Stmr State of
California, hence Jan 13.
Ballad Jan 15— Br bark Aethelberht, for Cape
Town: schr Sequoia, for Pan Francisco.
BVERETT— Sailed Jan 15— ScUr Queen,* for
sco.
BAT— la port Jan 15— Bark Alex
McNeil, frr.m Seattle for San Francisco.
PORT TOW NSEND— Arrived Jan 15— Schr
W m Renton, from San P
F<>RT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Rival.
in 14.
Balled Jan 15— Schr Barbara Hernater, for
San Francisco*
REDONDO— Arrived Jan 15— Stmr Lacuna,
from Eun ka.
BOWENS I- A NI> IX C- Arrived Jan 14-Schj
Monterey, hence Jan 13.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TAT.CAHrANMV-Sailed Nov 29-Shlp Wm J
; Rotch, for San Francisco.
BUENOS AYRES— Arrived Dec &— Br bark
j Ensena-ia, from Port Gamble.
| PANAMA— Arrived Jan I— Stmr San Juan,
hence Dec 2. 2— Stmr Costa Rica, fm Cham
perlco.
SYl'XEY— Arrived — Br stmr Aorangi, from
. Vancouver.
'•"l.ON— Sailed Jan 14— Stmr Finance, for
Nt-w York.
PANAMA— SaiIed Pec 30— Stmr Colon, for
San Francisco: stmr Starbuck. for Acapulco.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 15— Stmr Werra.for
Genoa; stmr I-a Qoacogne, for Havre, .»t.mr
Umbria, for Liverpool; nmr I'atria, for Ham
burg; stmr Furaessta, for U*asvow; stmr Sco
tia, for Marseilles.
SOUTHAMPTON— BaiIed Jan 15— Stmr St
Louis, for New York.
HAVRE— Sailed Jan IS— Stmr La Cham
pagne, for New York.
IMPORTATIONS.
PORTLAND AND ASTORIA— Per Columbia
— 3SOO nks potatoes, 906 sks onions, 4oQO bdls 1
car shocks. 2087 sks shorts, 2391 qr-sks 1193 hf
sks 1932 gunnies (lour, 4508 sks wheat, 735 sks
oats, 4 bales bearskins, 339 lulls aides, 10,236 ft
lumber. 131 fit oysters, 245 <-s salmon, 1240 ska
bran, 372 sks flax, 1000 sks fiaxseed.
NEWPORT— Per Homer— 36 sks peanuts, 30
cs eggs.
Bast San Pedro— l bx tinware. 1 sk tent, 1 bx
crackers, 1 bx hardware , 3 bdis hardware, * sk
bacon, 2 sks dry fruit. 1 sk beans,' 3 boxes
canned goods. 1 bx coffee, 1 sk rope, 2 sks C
meal, 4 sks flour, 1 sk dry vegetables, 6 bxs
lemons, 10 bxs orangos, 2 bxs butter.
San Pedro— 6' bxs orange, 825 sks corn, 950
sks barley, 435 cs canned M corn. 1 cs 7 bxs
K'im. 20 cs personal effects, 3 bxs scales, 1 C 3
china, 1 wheel, 1 bx dry goods.
Hueneme — 1 tank.
Ventura — 1 ea catsup. 1 cs cheese, 21 sacks
chilies, 45 bxs lemons, 219 bxs oranges.
Santa Barbara — sks walnuts, 33 bxs lemons.
6 bxs oranges.
Goleta— l2 bbls whale oil, 4 sks whale bone.
Gaviota— B hides, 1 bx butter, 24 sks craw
fish.
P ■:• Harford— B bxs butter. 19 cs eggs, 12
bxs raisins, is sks dry fruit, 3 dr calves, 4 bxs
fish, 249 sks beans.
Cayneoa— l bx hardware. » cs eggs, 21»4 bxs
butter. 1 coop chickens, 11 dr calves, 1 bx dr
chickens.
San Simeon — 8 cs eggs, 26 bxs butter. 35 dr
rnlves, 3 bdls hides, 4 pkgs harness, 6 flasks
quicksilver, 1 wheel.
Monterey — 1 bx groceries.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Columbia— Wolf & Sons; D W Hatch; H
Heckman & Co; J H Cain & Co; Moore Fer-
Etison .V- Co; 1» X Allison A <'; z Jaggar; D
M Bollman; Erlanger & Gallnger: J Everding
.v Co; .1 F English; Dalton Bros; )l Dutard; 0
R Stevens >v Co; .M.I • 'nougli & Runyon; Otis,
McAllister & Co; Standard Oil Co; 1" Hlllena
& Co; M P Deteis & Co; C J Leiflt i- Co; A \V
Clements; Co*y Mer Co; T V "Williams; Ep
{■intfor & Co: Bray's Sons A Co; Anspacher
Bros; Kittle & Co; Geo Morrow ft Co; Harris
& Jones; Allen & HiKgins: Metlen & Uel>
hardt; Herman Waldeck; S Strauss; Bissinger
,'>: ■■•; Clatsop Mill Co; J B Conn & Co; His
ben .v Bergen; II Lev! .<. Co; «' Carlson A Co;
Dart.cc & Immel; M Wanner; II Smith; A S
Smith; Fosarty & Parker.
Per Homer— W C Wo S ■ Pairymen's
Union; P Steil; Astoria Commercial Oo; Cutter
<t Mosely; A Gerberding <fe Co; Standard Oil
In. A T Bolton: Woods, Maiili-r A Co; New
ton Bros; A J P-rnndenstein: Ftayland EbtM; H
H Hogan; Simpson, Hack <fc Co; II X Emerson
Mitchell & Qoodall; Mlnak-jr & Wel
banks; <;ray it Barbieri; H J Shinn; X C
Keane; X* Baronl .vc Co; Itaj:an-SwtßS Colony:
Wetmore Bros: J Evancovic*b & Co; .1 M
Bione .<• Co; H F Ailen: WheaXon, Breon & c D ;
A Paladini; Amer I'nl.n Fish <".>: J B Inßug
lia; Hilmcr, Bredhofl ;>; Schulz; H N Tilden &
<"o: Witsd A Baker: Weliman. Peck <S- Co;
Hills Bros; Russ, Early A Co; Norton. Teller
Mi' Nason .v Cc; VxMarshall A Reimers;
C E Whitney A Co; s Levy .v- Co; Chas Jacob
■ o; II Kirchmann R CD; Western Meat
• tz I^ros & Co; P Gusmani: Q Camilloni
A Co; Brlancer & Galinser; Standard OH Co;
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson: W Wwss; O B
Smith A Co; I> I>e Bernard] A CO! F T'rl &
Co; Woodward & Bennett: Weils. Fargo <: Co;
Brigham. Hopjie & Co: Bisslneer & Co; Dodge,
Sweeney & Co; Hooker & CO; -tontgomeTy &
Co; H Meyer: Redington & Co; Baker & Ham
ilton; E Cook.
OCEAN TBAVEIi.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf «fe*H-
San Francisco, as follows: sEssSSE
For ports in Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1, 8, 11. IS.
21. 28, 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), »
a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11, 16, 21, 26. 31. and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry.. and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona, 2 p. m.. Jan. 1, 5, 10, 14, IS, 22, 2«, SI.
Feb. 4, S. 12. 16, 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon. C*-
yucos>. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo). Gavl-
oto, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme, San
Pedro,- East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a.m.. Jan. 1, 5, 9. 13, 17, 21. 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter. . ...
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m.. Jan. 3, 7, 11, 15, 19, 23, 27. 31. and every
fourth day thereafter. ■;.,-■
For Ensenada, . Magdalena Bay, San Jos« del
Cabo, Mazatlan,' Altata, La Pax, Santa Ro-
salia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. i and
id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of galilnsr.
TICKET OFFICE— Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agta. .
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF •*•"* First Class Including Berth
r^ntr $2.50 2cl Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. IS
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent
GOODALL. PERKINS & % MarkCt "reet.
Superintendents.
fflSPJHlßiil SS - Australia.
l&flfgir for HONOLULU only
L *j£** SBa * Tuesday, Jan. 25, at
S -^— 7«» v * P. m. special party
SfMlNllD<J "The S.S. ALAMEDA
GMCaillJlliy gang vla HONOL.C-
(O(TIRfIfZy~ LIT an.l AUCKLAND
VWIIipUJU^- for - SYDNEY. Thurs-
day, Feb. 8, at 2 p. m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS A BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqae.
French Line to Havre.
Company Pier (new), M North j,^*^.
River, foot of 3 'orton st. Travelers <209"5>
by this line avoid both transit by irsVi'Jimn«
English' railway and the discomfort of crossing
I the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class $160,
second class $116. -. : ;
; LA BRETAGNE December 11. 10 a. m.
i LA GASCOONE December 18, 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE December 25, 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE January 1. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE January 8, 10 a. m
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent.
No. 3. Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FT7GAZI & CO.. Agents. 5 Montgomery
' aye.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. m. Daily.
FREIGHT RB.CEIVKL> UP TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and giv-
ing through freight rates to all points 00 tht
i Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT, CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Main 805 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVMARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer " JV.onticello."
• Mon.. Tucs.. Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:45 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. in.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 3.
Telephone Green 3SI.
j ' ~
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso loaves Pier 1 dally (Sunday*
■ excepted) at 10 a. m. Alviao dally (Saturdays
1 exceptcd) at C p. m. ■ Freight and Passenger*.
Fare between- San Francisco and Alviso. Suo:
: to San Jose. 75c. • Clay street. Pier 1. 41 Nort*
j First street. San Jose.
3132
BRISK TRADE
IN BIG DOGS
Men Who Are Going to
the Klondike Are the
Purchasers.
Ranchers and Residents on
the Mission Road Are the
Victims.
■Warrants Out for the Arrest of John
Hlggins and James Flynn for
Stealing the Canines.
John Hlgrgins and James Flynn, two
young men living near the Five-mile
House, Mission road, have developed
a new industry, which has so far
proved very profitable.
Mo6t of the ranchers and residents
In the surrounding districts own or
rather owned valuable dugs, principally
of the St. Bernard and Newfoundland
breeds. Recently the .1"- T s have been
disappearing, until now there is
scarcely a large dog in the neighbor
hood.
The police were notified, and the
mounted squad were instructed by Cap
tain Glllen to find nut the mystery of
the disappearance of the canines. Cor
poral Shanahan was not long in solv
ing the problem, and yesterday he
took one of the victims. A. Schuts, 42
Palmer street, to Judge Joachimsen's
court, to swear to a complaint charging
Higgins and Flynn with grand larceny.
Shanahan found that all the dogs had
been stolen by Higglna and Flynn
and sold to men who intend to leave
for the Klondike gold fields. The prin
cipal purchasers were, according to
Shanahan, James Brownlle, a barten
der on Larkin and Fulton streets, and
James B. Wingate, a druggist now em
ployed in a store on Market street. It
is said that Brownlie and Wingate have
between them bought between twenty
live and thirty dogs.
Schutz also obtained a search war
rant for the recovery of his dog, which
Is a Newfoundland, valued at $100. It
was stolen from him on January S.
Search warrants will also be sworn
out by the other men who have lost
dogs, and a lively time is expected
when they are all recovered and taken
to the City Prison till the cases are
disposed of.
Higgins and Flynn piled their trade
during the hours of the night. They
usually had a tempting piece of meat
with them and get the dogs to follow
them without making a noise. The dogs
would be taken into tne city under
cover of darkness and sold. The price
paid for the dogs is not known, but.
assuming it was $20 each, Higgins and
Flynn did a rattling business.
Unity Alliance.
Unity Alliance No. 14. S. P. A. of A.,
has elected the following officers for the
current year: P. D. Mullaney, P.; W. 11.
Donovan, Sr. V. P.; Daniel L. Callaghan
Jr. V. P.; E. P. Hunt. S.; M. J. Con
nelly. F. ?.: An'lrpw Meehan, C. S_; John
J. Donepan. T.; Thomas Watson, con
ductor; William O'tjinnnr, S. at A.; J. J.
Egan, O. G.; John Hennessy, William
Mul.vln, J. J. Connelly, trustees; John
Burns, F. P. Hunt, J. J. Ponegan. M. J.
Connelly and W. 11. Donovan, delegates
to State council.
Division No. 2, (\. O. H-
Division No. 2 of the Ancient Order of Hi
bernians has adopted a resolution to be pre
sented for ratification by all Celtic organiza
tions It opposes the promulKatlon of a treaty
of arbitration between the United States and
Kngland.
NEWS OF THE MINES.
New Railroads for Mines
and New Mines for
Railroads.
Boom In Southern Califor
nia—Two Tales of Great
Placer Finds.
It looks as though the Mother Lode is
to be reached before a great while by
another railroad line which will give a
large mining region that new impetus
•which transportation facilities, bringing
cheapness and convenience to every
phase of mining life and operation, can
give in a greater degree than anything
else. The Stockton and Tuolumne Rail
road Company, though composed mainly
of women and so far managed by an
able and active woman, seems to have
good prospects of getting a real railroad
running from tidewater to Summersvllle
on the East belt in Tuolumne County.
A committee of twelve citisens has
been organized to Becure subscrip
tions to stock in the county and
Mrs. Annie Hikert of Jamestown, the
hustling organizer and president of the
company, declares that capital for the
enterprise is waitinß m Stockton, San
Francisco and elsewhere. Whether this
road is built or Dot a number of branch
railroads will thread various parts of
the mining region of the Btate in
the near future and every one will
bring a transformation in the way
of quickened development, Increas
ed population and increase of mining
prosperity and production.
The Stockton and Tuolumne road, if
built, will go through Copperopolla and
will likely tiring about, a resumption of
copper mining in that rich copper re
gion. When the leading copper mine
there closed down it cost $3 to haul the
matte to the railroad at Milton and $2 to
get it to Stockton. <'oke cost as much to
get in. A rate on matte of $1 from «'o[>
peropolis to tidewater might !><• expect
ed to result from the building of this
road. The line would cross the mother
lode near the Rawhide, Tarantula ami
other large mines and reach a group
of rich mines on the Bast Kelt. Sonora
would be. reached and i),<- cost of trans
portation and production would be de
creased over a large mineral area in the
county. With this and the Sierra rail
road reaching It, Tuolumne would make
large strides.
TWO TALES OF RJCII PLATER
STRIKES IN CALIFORNIA.
The week has afforded two Interesting
tales of "strikes" by placer miners In
California worth noting amid the Klon
dike craze. Although quarts mining is
the field in which the great future fl<
velopment of California gold mining will
be reached, and while rich finds I:: quartz
lodes are of almost daily occuri
throughout the State, the placer deposits
will yield hundreds of millions in the fu
ture, and new developments are constant
reminders that cv tn placer mining is not
"played out" in California- ' >ne ,»f these
finds is a "drift" deposit up north in N« -
vada County, and the other is .t placer
•worked by a dry washer away down on
the desert in San Bernardino County.
The finding of another tl' 'i pectJon of
puried ancient river 'b.T.-ei is thus de
scribed by the Nevada Daily Transcript:
"A remarkably rich lead of blue gravel
has been found on Clifford B. Calkins'
eighty-acre Tract of patented ground at
the foot of Belby Plat, a mile w.-st of
north of town. The dirt pays from ten
to fifty cents a pan, and the gold is very
coarse.
"The strike was made on New Tear's
day. Young Mr. Calkins and his father
HALE BROS.
2tH ~-^ — -> — - >^>->-v O o 000 <=> Ota H, *£ Sm CJ ? ■»*■ *■»»■■£»■ H pßifi^SuKaSmset \ B J F"t '" ~~^
: - I Wa 1 'Wm WLitlAKArMwn e>AjLjQo ||||]^^ Ww^MP
j -W ®i 8 3 Swifter selling as the sale goes on. Hundreds of items ~/y v^ , 3
S 1 „,»■_ S^ r^r* 6Jt3Bfi3 crowded out. We've taken a few to give a hint. 'Tis hard to f^^^^^W^^^^j/f/Ifw^^^^i 2
E .I^^^P^l^^^^^^!^^^^ 0 keep from saving at such saving times as these. |Sil|j§^ ''■' ' '.^^^^^.J]]^^^-^!"^!!!!-' "idlllllliiil^S 3
SZ ouooo Qo i- ouocoQO 0 ®@®®(S)®®® ■ J^jtfMM Jf£*) J^fV --•
E THE WAY WE CLEAR IN 1 '""h^.FRyTnD UNDERWEAR nn M ail V^^ ®^ (f^^
ix^n/mrc>^rfr^Cr HOSIEKY AINU LJINDkKWtAK. Orders ___^£^ J^i^l^j^
n Plll/Ylri^ 1 ILO» A snappy list, chock full of honest money-savin truthfulness. Chock Filled '. ... , i J^^^^Sc^fSr Winr^ '— ! 'ffTT7TTT T g^^' \^H:
i/V/nil^VJ » a'^rv^* - fun of sjJV-'fagtjon, wear and goodness. Never mind about the profits. rillCU .- jh jjjijj>^ *> J l' ; ! | /'• iFffPHiP^i-v \»
: •£= A budget of bargains to tickle the purse of economy-seekers. Every one a money- Clearance isn't for that. . _ If Mll^V^llllKH^fci ! i''ij^H^_ iM =^
g saver. Every one a snap - " ISoTton 1%%. a t c ra I SSS^SKu. I ' Received J^T
B '—^ Good. thick, wan* n7"~ Our beau^l » T , P cs- "Gents' | com b , mj !,«s£- Gen^ .nforce^ b,^ £- In Time. :i^^^^| fi r J^B^--£fc:
EH..vr m^ fl n e oTthrcSo e n SStg » «W^ Sly H'! t c^t Onj C ~ ::; - TEfe^SmniiXlthM' -^
EgKTI Se^TeS^a 5c *>-"— -ir _____ _i To^se^l^. . I -~fi; g^k^Li hh r H B iS THE WAY WE CLEAR IN 3
«^- leader : Y a rd — ; : I Good Strong Cordu- | — — -■ Int WAY WE CLEAR IN . — i <•
€*— v -- 1: Our $3&0 and 14 lines, 3 _„ roy lubbe d Stock- :An odd lot of Silk- . =^
I«. \i- w-,,1 nunlitv Turkey, O c c-i so gl@|| Chil- iS«^ 12; c Gents* pound SAirts, very „ DRESS GOODS. I
g ?Sle £CS'-rS*33 2oc - lB^ *$£ .. i 2' C l& rirSVl 4Q DRESS GOODS.
S= Snmask ...-v an ; uu the or- ZUC — — |p_J«- In the lot I Pair H o.c SdSiSSS'*^ »- ■<- . ilirt , &%?£s&s£ 49C No wonder Clearance Sale draws crowds and great stocks dwindle to notMn__e M =3
•_ _dinar> bargain , 1 Kale's Great $3 Portieres, — ' _•_ - --— i get a Tsc garment for Each No wonder we're busy! 'Tis saving time. 'Tis clearing time. The time of speedy _2
~Z .. rlWeOtai We nnl «5.00 S^tc Som! Ho^ur^ular'^ gl»h neck.- long. ' selling prices and special bargain snaps. _^
£- Towellnft i<°* zooavzltlV™ full IA/- Tapestry 3 H yards by 50 inches. 5 *4-<>'> - Q . German in-.,-rtation. o'nTf; nS T ,\T ~
E DTshee oTfwekr^w^etfw,^! lOC jPorticres to from: the h 4__ H«™«orf . Lnd.cS' -Borne of our best style 3 You can buy any of our 3
Uisnes j m the linen department.. Yard I lot to be closed a LssJtf be, dee,. lv^ rnn Vcklb quality,- crochet neck lyt *>* A and qualities of 75c and SI »>O $1 50 Fancy Pierola Suit- =S
£ Cambric Fine Soft Cambric-an Improvement on bed luxury-softer than nu.U, 8c | Ho~ Igf Q sc »nd |£ T, 1 4dC SU^ j^^^^JgSOC |^ Sstt-e^y^s a^..^ $ 00 3
£ plw 45x36 inches, eaelly worth ay. > Special to Introduce 1 ^. e ;..f. i f. c . 3 .. a ... t . ~ PaTr — Pur c wooTm odd'lSt & ° m£ items; to be closed out.. | Yard Su.tinfcs (This^la an elegant ♦l^ -^
Cases I . — — — -— - of Saxony i i a— . —^
:SI : ,r',, a<^ ie . s ' Sea l'2 l< ' S3 i Ladies' Vests and Pants the i Extra Heavy ' Fancy Rep Your choice of our $1 and 13
A BOOM IN BLANKETS. hSf SSB! S^#^S BrSf"]:H 7 . c & sp«;:s 1
•^ /A UV/V-TiTl 11> IL^ »-a A 1 » m. a-». ■ -v_^« Hoss , a W earable lO' f welip pants are pink. ! (\Ck r Silks j this season. all good col- iOC Suitings (EVery yard new this COC ~T*
Manufacturers' Seconds. Slightly damaged, but just as warm and long-lived. We | gggSj^;;.?. \ 4& a e r gK c^ej °llSh '° rS: tO do- Yura ? EeaS ° n) Yard =3!
I snapped up thlslot in a jiffy-paid spot cash. KeMl share our bargain with you. See window z^r^ THE WAY WE CLEAR IN MILLINERY GOODS. I Broken lots of our $1 25 k. r^iwh 1 Mohair* SumnLl 0 i
£ REG^' 4 r TE = tß^t B^ R l^SS^: THE WAY WE CLEAR IN MILLINERY GOODS. F ancy \£%Bk»M%£ &M Fffi&i? LfT **^ 3
£ SSSSSS^S^J?^ A veritaHe storm of .uick-sale pricelets.' Every reduction guaranteed. JS^pSfS $j^ Mo™* S£^t^"are 55C
the finest fleece, to boom tne blanket -*- si lKhtly defective, to close Pair JETTED FEATHER AIG- ] FEATHER WINGS. FEATHER lany of the three 10ta.... Yard ' H^Z — •
; ?*— fale RETTEP. FEATHER WINGS AIGRETTES AND- FANCY ~ 1| Anything you like in our "*g
; t£Z AND COQUE FEATHERS A GILT AND JEWELED AIG- ! Here's a hummer! Rep- 1 75, "Oc Fancy Wool Curls, 38 —«
s»>- miscellaneous assortment. Pt/-» RETTES— Worth «0c and 50c Of?/-> 51. 75 and'u'ar $1 To and $2 Fancy! wml inches wide, for "IS
5^ T t,t .v wort! 15c and Me each. On Ot The. entire lot to go with^-OC $2.00 Silks, in all the latest q>l-25 ,-,„.' <V»*e have stated reduc- :ptr|f» -^
,bw_ REGULAR $5 WHITE WOOL BLAN- These blankets are "seconds." In the best the tables at Each clearance Each Silica patterns; swept into! "Pi Curls tlons as they are. We OVfV -^
g- KETS— T6xS6 Inches, pure wool, an factories all blankets produced are Inspected clearance sale at I Yard l I I ask you to investigate.) Yard r^S
\ZZ elegant blanket for J5; on account «0.65 gj expert. The slightest defect bars a SMALL JET CROWNS-Here's (-<, -^
;♦— of slight defects 2S pairs will be '«*— blanket from the first class. THESE ARE JETTED AIGRETTEP-A mixed IQI r a snap, reduced from 3oc, 15c OC r^[
' JTI closed' out at * alr DEFECTIVE— & re "seconds." lot of 25c and S.'.c lines to Dt " ™'V and 50 each to Each T»T TUT pi|r>\/ m~p A ' r W A AT\ — •
S^: rushed out by clearance at... Each (Come early for these.) | fl£^ IS LJ V 13 /\ £*. J\ rV IV • -^
B r^ts-I!x j 4 Sl^cTu^me^sufe: extra large - blankets- ' Clearance in the Cloak Department thin g S c num ance flash of nimble clearin2 Tsricelets< The kind that sell Bndfflak * 3
E SflErtblE^ b^nd^an^ele 6 : . 4 . 2 5 St 0^! $«»» "for ofher^cioa^wln "t??^?' ■«'*■*•*••«•' 24 Sheet, of Writing Paper, m*. to match  .....4o box
»= gant $S blanket; slightly defective; to *"+ ket. heavy silk ribbon bound, white. *O — We must have room, tor other ctoaki, will PC in soon. 24 Sheets of Crane . Famous Dislan! Linen Paper for 12cwpackasa =S
•»— close ■ Pair slightly imperfect; to dose lair ._ -- — -_— . ——^^ 25 Heavy C ream Envelopes, for clearance 5c package =—
S= - " . Dt . i Thibet fur around Black or Navy] ; Good Playing Cards with Convex Corners, for clearance To pack -^
■ sg- |* IC n j collar ami down A Walking Jack"ts. Genuine Imperial Shoe Dressing, for ladies 9c bottle ZZ^
■»— Plush j f ront> elegantly cm l •JjT'' 50 l\eat hl^' n collar. Vi silk Fine Medicated Toilet Paper, in big packages 3 l-3o package 312
fc: OCFANS OF NOTIONS. tu|)ts isSKqiSsfiScSj ''V . Jacket '•' IK-°° The Celebrated Wool Soap for sale at Hales • • 4o cake — *
•I- V/Vl-inil\J V/I AlV^ * IVIIV* __^ A_riatty_little affair.. I • Each Z^
i s,x The Mites of Prices on these ood are mere for alities. ?= - §^P -««- SSI " Th Way We Clear Out Embroideries. 3
SIX THOUSAND SPOOLS OF | r^ii«T " hu : ' Brnided braid on front, back * US
mtz BASTING COTTON— Good, strong CHILDREN'S HANDKERCHIEFS— C% r> 7. ° „« Jdeal rape for every- *ff»-OO Beaver ami sleeves, blue or! I A merry selling to clear the stocks.
«»»— basting cotton, regularly sold for CZ r Pretty colored and hemmed borders, -<£W v»ip<. B day winter wear. * V v. Jackets black, as neat anri j i*T.SO _„.„ r>A«n»>Tr< rvppnmn>v /- ,.,„,.,,„ rnrp PVTO A mFPV^iu. -S
*— 20c dozen, to rush the clearance we OW 2SO dozen, to go at Each Clearing price Each " a -« c «-» perfect as a jacket v < FINE CAMBRIC EMBROIDERY— CT^, IIUIII EDGE EMBROIDERY— B^i 1^
•£= will sell a dozen spools for Dozen ■ i i can be :..:.! Each Guipure edge. 2to 3 inches wide; *Jy to 6 inches wide; 30 pretty patterns -^j
i X — ! — this is an extra quality. To close.. Yard 1 make choosing easy; these are typ- \A r> ~*^?
•- lollies' Black Fig- Two-toned Bouclej _ . leal clearance sale bargains. To iTrv I^s
g"~ . nred M hair Skirts, Capes with Thibet We call particular attention to the quality. close Yard -*»
\ y~* ,V .. . _ , . IV^h^;^ i rich i lined tl and Ladies* fur around collar and GUIPURE EDGE EMBROIDERY— 2 hi 13
, «»— v . , - Mh • -ly lined aril Boucle <lown frnnt. I i GI'IPI'RE EDGE KMBROIDERT— 24 IS
**"- nK>--^ \ - V Sir"- \ "l__- fl > i '*'^' L "'"HrH r 00m^^^' 1* —<\ c, . " i bound with velvet, a <^l-5O Canea sateen lined, a styl- | tCT.OO to 4 Inches wide, an elegant pattern Or* -«*
s^ t7V^\^" X,^>v l :: -'3n^!£i!_Jr3'^-'Z"'^re^ 'N_>r<.^<^^ Skirts W ell-made. well-fit- '♦ "T" »!«=» |sh little carment. i«TO assortment of the 12Vsc kind. To t/C , We call your careful attention to the values "2
s^- "~\i\ "/ //XV wT*~^ *^'^S-J^^^r'-^^ J^^> >( 2 1 !^ _^sr I ting garment ; Each Clearing price I Each ; close Yard jin Blankets quoted in this advertisement. ZZg
2Z /^^^^^/^^^^^V^^ A /^ &'~\'~/* l^Jl T^IL Til -C Cl« * In our ore is increased this week. We have arranged with, one of
V *t<rt \\_ S\_^\*'\&r'W V \\r I IIG I |63,51ir6 Ol OllODDlflB[ the most prominent manufacturers of food articles to make a display
•El » « ss> ; " :~".?' ffßl*" ' rr O of food products in our store and serve an attractive luncheon free
£ 937-939-941-943-945 Market Street. to our lady patrons. You can rest and refresh yourself, if fatigued, without leaving the store. 3
and brother had been working the claim
steadily since August 14. They had run
216 feet of main tunnel and had upraised
;<.!.<l drifted In various directions for
ral hundred feet more, searching for the
blue lead supposed to ll< ement
Hill, but which has heretofore never been
found in that part of the country.
"After a conference <>n the last day of
the year they decided to work ;i few
days longer. Next morning an impulse
s. :z«.-<! one of them to X" Into an uj
ten feet above the tunnel and drift west
erly. He had guni; but four feet when
he struck a rim carrying a thin layer of
genuine blue gravel and pitching to the
west. Since then t!.> rim-rock of the
new-found lead lia.s been broken through
at various points for a distance of forty
feet and found to be uniform and regu
lar. Every foot of it pr< spects splendid
' ly, 10 cents to the pan being the poorest
so far. it extends almost parallel
with and several feet above th<' tunnel,
and the owners are satisfied that they
have half a mile on the channel.
'■Arrangements ■will now be made for
the thorough and systematic working of i
the claim. The eider (>'"■■ has been a
gravel miner In that locality sino
and he regards the find as o
best ever made on or above Belby Flat.
: which was a veritable Golconda to the
pioneer placer miners. A number of oth
er old-time gravel miners have visi t*••!t *••!
the claim in the last few days, and they
say they have (seen nothing so good for
tlirty years or more.
"Pot many years past the search for
this deposit has been carried on by pros
pector after prospector, and without
avail till now. Tens of thousands of
dollars have been spent In sinking and
!in running tunmls and cuts. One shaft
was sunk a great distance into the ridge
some three decades ago -- 1 • i<li < l struck a
I bo'ilder twenty or mnro feet across the
top. Here the shaft sinkers quit In dis
trust. Had they put an Incline down past
the boulder a few feet they would have
found what they wanted, for the boulder
lies just over the .channel, as the last
f< w days have proven to the present
; owners. Such is thf» irony of the gold
| hunter's fate very often."
The San I-iernardlno Times-Index
i matches some of th< [ the Klon
dike thus:
"I-ouls Curtis, Dick Donahue and W.
i R. Radenburger an- three partners doing
j business in the Virginia Dale District,
and last evening the first two named
came in with $370f> in gold dust and nug
gets as the result of less than two
months' work. And yet people will rush
to Alaska and endure all kinds of hard
ships jn the search for gold in the Icy
north when untold wealth is to be had at
our very doors. The claims from which
the gold was taken have only b^en lo
cated a little over six weeks, and ar»
called the "Rough and Ready' find
'Klondike. 1 They are situated in the
Virginia Dale District, and are placer
i claims, being worked with dry washers.
The largest nugget taken out Is worth
$JK *4, and many others of smaller sizes
were found. Ofttlmes the miners took
I out $972 per week while only two of them
: were working."
THE MOST RELIABLE BBTOCATS OF
ALASKA'S G< >L,D V\i> fDTJCT.
The Alaska Mining Record gives the
; following estimate Of the Alaskan gold
; product of 1897, including the American
: portion of the Yukon Valley:
'"'Die output of the mines of Alaska
is extremely difficult of estimation. The
vastness of the mining territory, the mi
! gratory characteristic of its population
and the entire absence of reports and
statistics from a great part of the small
er camps render it a difficult matter to
arrive at a statement approximately cor
rect except by .artful study and watch
ful attention • detail. Tl i
lowing estimate is believed to !
nearly correct as possible, and still rep-
I ts. fully, yet conservatively, the
production of gold in Alaska during the
past season:
"Xowell Gold Mining Company, 50
stamps, 1275,000; Berners Ray Mining and
Milling Company, 40 Stamps, $200 000;
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALT>, SUNDAY, JAXTTAKT 16, 1898.
HALE BROS.
Alaska Treadwell Gold Mining Company, '
24-i stamps, and Alaska Mexican Gold
Mining Company, 120 stamps, $1.4"
Alaska Juneau Gold Mining Company.
TS, stamps, $120,000; the Jualin Mining
Company, l r > stamps, $7f>. i ' | o'i; Ebner Gold
Mining Company, ]" stamps, $65,000;
Alaska "Willoughby Gold Mining Com
pany, 10 stamps, not in opera;
Mine. Norton Sound. 10 stamps, $.''.0,000;
Raid Eagle Mining Company, 4 stamps.
$250,000; Alaska. Commercial Comyany, 46
stamps, $600,000; Portland Alaska Gold
Mining Company, If> stamps. $20,000; Au
rora Borealis Gold Mining Company,
E stamps. Just started; the Sum
Hum Chief (Jold Mining Company, 5
stamps, just started; total output of
quartz mines. $3,035,000; Lituya Bay pla
cer mines. 120,000; Cook Inlet placer
mines. $260,000; Birch Creek district, Vn
kon mines, $800,000; other Yukon dis
tricts, $700,000; from various districts
throughout the territory, not named in
the above. $S0,000; total output. $4,865,000.
"This Is but a slight Increase over the
output of last year. "While the quartz
production Is considerably greater than
that of 189S, It will be noticed that th.>
placer output, which was greatest in
Rirch Creek district lnst year, is consid
erably smaller owing to the abandon
ment of that district by many who
Joined the Klondike rush."
N'< iTEP.
During the week the ditches of the
South Yi;ba Canal Company in Nevada
f'ounty froze near th< I j»dwatera and
the Champion and Providence mines
■ treed t i close down temporarily.
Yuba County is arranging a mining
fair exhibit, which will occupy a Bpace
V.i by 20 feet.
Two Napa girls, Misses Josephine and
Ion! Rider, have bought the Yellow | :■,*.-•
of Texas mine for $2500, and will develop
the property.
Thp following correspondence of the El
Dorado Republican from East Diamond
Springs, El Dorado County, Is typical of
.'.ange that has come over a large
proportion of the small mining towns of
the State: "Rip Van Winklf.who camped
In this neighborhood twenty years ago
and put the whole community as well as
himself to sleep, has awakened. Ra
il from this long slumber, with re
newed vigor and energy our people are
going to see if the dreams and visions
which visited them during that long rest
cannot be realized. Half a dozen mines
or more are In full blast, some already
milling their ore; others sinking, drifting
or excavating, and the whole system of
ledges from Webber Creek to th" Cosum
!!• s is undergoing a thorough prospect
ing."
An old channel of the Sacramento
River near Reading, 70 feet higher than
the present channel, is being sii<
fully worked at several points, mainly by
drifting. From one claim on this old
channel $16.0p0 was taken In two years.
The old channel crosses the present one
several times, and can be traced as far
■ ello.
• Keswick, Shasta ■ County, the ' town
about the Mountain Copper Company's
smelter, will in a few days have a new
electric light plant ready for operation.
I Fifteen saloons help attest the prosperity
of this camp.
The excitement following wild news
paper reports ,of riches on the Yaqui
River, Mexico, has petered out and dis
gusted rushers are still returning. One
of the latest notes of them is the follow
ing In the Tombstone Prospector: "A
party of men arrived at Nogales the other
day. They had traversed almost the en
tire length of the Taqui River in search
of placer ground, and although they
struck color everywhere, they found no
placor gold in paying quantities.* Thus
warnings should be constantly sent out
which should not be lost to those who
have the Yaqui gold fever."
It is stated that 215 cars of or** a day
are being shipped from Butte by the Ana
conda Mining Company to Its smelter at
Anaconda. This means about 8000 tons
every twenty-four hours. ' . /
The annual special mining edition of
the Alaska Mining Record, published at
Juneau, comes to hand , with an unusual
degree of excellence and interest. An ex
tensive review of the vast and undevel
oped quartz deposits of Southern Alaska
is followed by descriptions of the large
HALE BROS.
quartz min< I now helns successfully oper
ator! and : • half-tone Illustrations are
ttered throughout the pa^es. The
rir)K s of ;■■ Yukon River basin >>n the
American described nt consider
able length, aa la the town of Juneau, the
Alaskan metropolis. A larire and accur
ate map of .-ka is one of the features
of the edition.
How Southern Callforolan Mines Are
Coming to the Front.
The mining districts of Southern Cali
fornia will probably show an Increase
of gold production of not far from $1,000.
000. as compared with iso<'>. During the
year a groat amount of development has
gone on, and many new mines will be
producing this year. There is now more
prospecting going on all over the deserts
and in Ban Diego County than has ever
been known. More capital Is seeking in
vestment than ever before. Bales of de
veloped mines and of promising claims
are reported almost daily. Many of the
investors are Eastern men, but there, as
elsewhere throughout the State, Califor
nians are eagerly looking about them for
gold properties. A number of mills and j
cyanide plants have been erected or ar
ranged for during the past few months.
It is estimated that there is $14,000,000
Invested in the gold mines south of Teha
chapi, with I stamps dropping and
about mi employed. The number of
mines located is about 3SOO, and perhaps
2500 are being actively worked or devel- >
oped. Yet as truly as of any other part
of the State can II be said that tho de
velopment of, the gold, resources has
hardly begun. During the year hundreds
of valuable finds have been made, and
in scores of claims on which develop
ment has proceeded "strikes" have been
made. The greatest activity has been
seen in the Randsburg district, which
will now enjoy a second growth with the
completion of Its railroad; but the Vir
ginia Dale, Perris. Pannlmint and other
districts scattered over the great arid
gold-producing territory are likewise see
ing the beginnings of greatness.
Southern California has as much to
gain from the coming Mining Fair at San
Francisco as any other part of .the State,
yet there has been no extensive and or
ganized movement to show to the many
thousand! who will attend the exposi
tion the opportunities which Southern
California offers to gold seekers, the pos
sibilities of Us great hidden wealth, Its
peculiar attractions to prospectors, and
the chances for investment there. South
ern California knows how to advertise
and has well learned the value of it. and
now comes a chance to advertise its min
eral resources and fruits. The southern
counties should match the mother lode
region with the magnificence, pictur
esquenest and allurements of its display
at the Mechanics" Pavilion.
A weekly record of all the mining prog
ress In the counties of Ban Diego, San
Bernardino. Riverside and Kern would
require a large amount of space. During
the past week the arrival from Chicago
of C. W. L<Jller and S. C. Good of the
Monroe Mining and Milling Company has
brought to prominent notice the proper
ties in the Virginia Dale district, which
this company has bought and propose to
develop on a large scale. There are four
claims yet undeveloped, but showing a
wide ledge giving high assays and the
promise of a bonanza. Tile company also
has two properties in the Chuckawalla
Mountains, in which shafts of about 50
feet show a line ledge of ore about six
feet wide. The company promises to be
gin extensive development at once.
The development of tin- desert gold.re
sources is of course hampered by lack of
water, of milling facilities, transporta
j tion, etc., but these aids, along with elec-
I trie power and special processes adapted
I to the ores and the mining conditions,
will rapidly Increase from now on. A few
days ago a tew custom mill was started
at Johannesburg, and now the San Ber
nardino Times-Index reports that a 40
stamp custom stamp miii and a cyanide
: plant will be erected at once at Bars tow,
i giving prospectors and claim owners with
small capital a chance to work their
properties.
The Lone Star Mining Company, with
a capital of $1,000,000, was organized at
Ontario last week to work the Lone Star
■ and Yankee Doodle mines.
HALE BROS.
WHIST
The fourth annual meeting of the Pacific
Const Whist Association has pone Into history.
The news columns of The Call have Riven a
very pood account of what has transpired.
The president of the association received a
great many congratulatory letters from the
great masters of the Kamt% which no doubt will
be read with great interest by the whist-lov
lng public. The first Is from Miss Kate
Wheelock, known throughout the world as the
Whist Queen. It is as follows:
BOSTON, Jan. 7 IS9S.
P. J. Tormey, President P. C. W. A.— Dear
Mr. Tormey: Your Invitation to be present
to your fourth annual meeting of the Pacific
Coast Whist Association, to he held In your
city January 14 and 15, 1898, Just received, and
again 1 felt the same regret as in past ses
sions and for the same reason— the distance
alone Is the reason.
Hut I do send you all my best wishes for a
successful feathering. And certainly Bin you
wrre the first to conceive the Idea of having
association!*, and Since many in the East have
followed out your idea with great success,
you ought to feel proud of the fact that it
started from the Pacific Coast and in your
pity. May the best whist win In the. wish of
your sincere friend, KATE WHEELOCK.
WMISTERS FROM OREGON.
The Portland Club of Portland. Or., was
represented at the whist convention by the
president of the North Pacific Whint Asso
ciation, 1.. Therkleson, which club was ad
mitted as a member of the Pacific Coast
Whist Association. Mr. Therkleson was ac
companied by Judge 1,. T. Barm, E. C. John
son and Mr. Sweeny, the team who visited
San Francisco in August last and carried oft
the Payot trophy. .
DOES IT CONSTITUTE A REVOKE?
A very unusual and Interesting question hns
be^n submitted for our opinion. It arose the
other evefilßC in a match game In the rooms
of The Trist Doplicate wTUsi Club:
East dealt nnd turn»-.l qoeen Of spades; Booth
Icails a tmall diamoad, which is won by East.
.•a'is to of spades (trumps) and holds
the trick, then switches to ■ dub, which is
won by North, an,l North Immediately comes
through Bast with » spade ttrump); Bast
.i diamond; South plaj West.
att-r hesitating ■ little, in s surprised way
asks. 'Wli.it are trumps?" Asking the ques
to m fee nml correct his fr
ror; North and Bouth rlalm a revoke, fful
claims, under law 88, that he has the right
to :i-k. "What the trump suit Is" at v;
during the pla> of s deal.
«'ll; OPINION.
If we were a reJStee or umpire in a mntrh
and this question came up just ns It did In
W, ws w'uM allow ii revoke, as we In
terpret the law povernins: revokes.
l^iv. 2S— The second paragraph reads: "A
renounce in error may be corrected by the
player making it before the trick In "which it
occurs has teen turned and quitted, unless
either he or his partner, whether in his right
turn or otherwise, has led or played to the
following trick, unless his partner has asked
whether or not he has any of the suit re
ll' uncr>d."
Questions asked at a whist table by a player,
undor the strict letter of the unwritten law,
should be addressed to the partner, and are
answerable only by him. This being the case,
the t|U»-stlon asked was to all Intents and pur
poses asking the partner. "Whether or not he
had any of the suit renounced?" -Under the
laws of duplicate whist, as adopted- by the
last Congress, a player has the right to pre
vent his partner from committing any irreg
ularity . except this one thing, "Renouncing
in error."
t, asking this question at this partlcu
- ins partner, the dealer, that
th" trump suit, and the turneii
..■ knew was still i: n|>la> t-<t. an.l 1
saj estab ,-oke. The words
•king tliis questloa do not fit the
the law governing such oases, ex
l'iit tho spirit * •
THE PAYOT TROPriY IN OREGON.
The Fayot trophy 1b soinf? the rounds in Ore
gon. When tho crack team of the Trist Club,
composed of Q. M. Steams, Lieutenant Le
selne, Richard Nixon and S. P. Heuston, won
f HALE BROS.
so easily from the Portland "Whist Club It was
generally supposed they would hang on to It
for some time. But Judge L. T. Barm. captain
of a mixed team from the Oregon Roail Club,
composed of Mr. and Mrs. Carroll Hughes,
Miss Sallie Beck and himself, Bent in a chal
lenge and New Year's eve was selected for the
contest. The match consisted of forty-eight
deals and resulted in a victory for Judge
Harln's team by a gain of six tricks. The
Indies are members of the Kate Wheelock
Club of Portland and it Is not to be wondered
.it that they could play equal with the men.
THE PLAY CALLED Th|E "fIL-
BANY LEAD."
Mr. John T. Mitchell, the author of two of
the greatest works on duplicate whist that
have ever been published, is the whist editor
of the Times-Herald of Chicago. "When John
cracks a nut one is sure to get some good meat
out of it.
Under the heading of "The Albany T^ad"
he says: "The play first described, which la
at present used as a call through the honor,
was formerly used to show a holding of three
card suits, and has been variously known as
the Milwaukee lead, the Albany lead, the Syra
cuse lead, the Pottsvtlle lead, etc. Whenever
it struck 'a new place it was usually considered
that it originated there, and was so christened.
The number of places whose name it bears is
the best proof of the extent of Its inroads
among the whist players, and yet while it re
tains its popularity for some little time In each
of its birthplaces. It soon proves so disastrous
to those who have adopted it that they are glad
to let it go quietly and without public cere
mony, and when it is born again in another
community the whist players of the previous
birthplace have no heart to dispute Its pa
ternity. The above is only another way of pay-
Ing that the play cannot be recommended.
Ptill. the hardest duty gi regulation whist
player has to perform Is to lead from four
trumps when the remainder of his hand con
sistsof three three-card suits. The only Other way
out of the difficulty is to lead the bottom of
one of the three-card suits, provided It is
headed by the ace. king or queen, with prefer
ence In the order named, and If you have not
anything as good as that, abide by the rule
and blame the game If It loses."
TABLES FOR CLUB PAIRS.
Whist Editor C«ll: For the purpose of fUHner
certain traps in duplicate play T have recently
soni^ calculations which It till to be Of
ruffielent general Importance to justify dis
pemi nation.
The scheme for progressive duplicate for
pairs suggested by Professor "SVhitfield and
published by Mr. Mitchell in his late work at
pases 67 and 6S only goes as far as ten tables.
This I* inadequate for large clubs, and I have
extended it to Include sixteen tables, involving
the play of thirty-one trays, as many as can
conveniently be played in one evening.
The players move In the same order. I. c..
the highest player plays against the lowest,
the next highest against the next lowest, etc.,
the first round, and on the subsequent rounds
each pair takes the place of the next lower.
No. 1 remaining stationary alt evening. ■ In
the original assignment of pair numbers the
north and south pair* are the same number
as the tables at which they sit; the east and
west pairs are the difference between that
number and the one greater than the number
of pairs in play, it will be observed that the
north and south pairs move to,ward the first
table, and the east, and west pairs move
away from the first table.
The essential difference between this sys
tem andllowell's system Is that here the play
ers move regularly and the trays do not. while
in his plan the trays move regularly and the
players do not.
The extensions will be sent to all clubs de
siring same free. H..H. HOTAL.ING.
MIDWINTER MEETING OF THE
A. W. L.
Oor whist editor Will leave Tuesday next for
Buffalo, N". V.. whsrs the midwinter meeting
Whist League takes place.
It will be held at the Hotel [roquois. The
only contest of note that will take place at
this meetiner will be for the A. W. L. chal
lenge trophy. The business of this meeting is
to adopt a programme of play for the comlnK
whist congress to be held in Boston In July
HALE BROS.
next. We will be absent about a month and If
any iittle thing happens in our whist depart
ment charge it up to the editor's whist en
thusiasm.
WhjIST TALLY CARDS.
The card or whist committee in the Trlst
Duplicate Whist club say that the latest In
novations in whist circles are beautifully
bound booklets for whist engagements, with
a place to record the score, date played, etc.,
and whist tally cards, elegantly gotten up In
the form or a small book, the outside cover
prettily and appropriately hand painted, with a
ling folding leaf inside to record the score of
the game from one to thirty deals.
NEW TO-DAY.
}?-«-«-»-»-« C(-O-«-«-r«-»
■ . T
» "THE CREDIT HOUSE." »
I Six Stories High. ]
Vt _____ _______ _^_____^_ Q
I fi ' „ . -t\ i T
I Fe5S I
1T I I) X I
ff c*"e *" if t *?
jft Solid Oak, brace arm »
cane seat Dining Chair. /-. A
1 For this week only . . 03C T
Solid Oak or Mahogany-finish Divan A
{ full spring seat, spring edge, uphol X
I stored in brocatelle $4.8. i 1
& Large Chiffonier, 5 drawers, hat box »
A and large mirror ..$6.7."> A
T Solid Oak Cobbler-Seat Rocker $1.75 1
T CARPET DEP'T. T
I Art Squares, 9x9 ft.; big enough for T
§: an ordinary room -. $3.50 V
I £ Some choice Carpetings for the New »
!J. Year — bigger, variety greater. J.
1 M. FRIEDMAN & CO. 3
J. 233-235-237 Post Street. I
130-132-134 Morton Street. V
X Near Stockton. Open Evenings. A
Rad way's Ready Relief for Sprains, Bruise*.
Sore Muscles Cramps. Burns. Sunburns. BaliT
i ache. Headache, Toothache, Rheumatism. Neu-
■ V? f^ a< mba^?; Internally for all Bowel
( Pains. Colic, /diarrhoea. Dysentery, Cholera
: Morbus and Sickness. Nausea, etc. All drug!-