VOLUME LXXXIV.— NO. 148.
"THIRTY THOUSAND DOLLARS, OR SUBMIT TO MY MALIGNITY."— W. R.
HEARST.
FRANCE'S MINISTERS
COMPELLED TO RETIRE
Cabinet Resigns.
Fail to Secure
a Tote of Con
fidence.
PARIS, Oct. 25.— Very few persons
have thought of Fashoda to-day.
There has been more immediate
ly exciting matter on hand. All
the afternoon the center of the
town has been in a ferment. Favorite
Deputies have been wildly cheered, and
unpopular ones franctlcally howled
down. About 150 arrests have been
made. It is not yet quite clear how
many persons have been injured.
Among them, at any rate, are three po
lice agents.
Several mild charges of cavalry have
been made. The crowd so far as pos
sible has been kept on the move or
broken up by police cuirassiers and
mounted municipal guards.
Hundreds of copies of a strongly re
visionist paper have been piled up and
burned as an expression of disap
proval.
While this tumult was being dealt
with in the street a sort of Donnybrook
fair was going on in the Chamber of
Deputies. Dreyfus was naturally the
cause. Deputies hurled insults about
with impartial recklessness, and in the
midst of an indescribable hubbub Gen
eral Chanoine, Minister of War, re
signed his portfolio.
This was a bolt from the blue. Every
body supposed he was in favor of re
vision of the Dreyfus case, seeing he
remained Minister of War in the Cab
inet that had decided upon it. His de
claration then that he was of the same
opinion as his predecessors about the
affair came as a complete surprise.
The Chamber of Deputies then ad
journed to give the minority time to
consult as to steps to be taken. When
It reassembled the Brieson Ministry was
quickly added to the list of those that
have been.
One thing: was made very clear to
day—that is the affection in which the
army Is held by the people. Every-
The San Francisco Call
THE HOLD-UP.
DAYS OF BOULANGISM \
RETURNING IN FRANCE
LONDON, Oct. 26.— The Paris
correspondent of the Times says:
The days of Boulangism are re
turning without a Floquet to
draw the sword against a fac
tious general and without a con
testant to make him cross the
frontier. The country has been
overturned on a mere pretext by
those defying authority while
pretending to defend it and who
fomented agitation and almost
terror. In the Rue Royale the
rioters tried to overturn a car
riage containing three Americans,
with cries of "Down with the
Jews."
Evidently the taste for street
demonstrations Is reviving and
perhaps on Thursday, when the
Court of Cassation will meet,
there will be a renewal of the up
roar.
It looks as though M. Brisson
gave up in disgust a position
which yielded neither pleasure
nor greatness. Nobody has any
idea who will succeed him unless,
perhaps, M. Faure knows, for he
is alleged to have instigated the
overthrow of the Cabinet.
where the troops were greeted with
cheering, and everywhere willing obe
dience was paid to their instructions to
keep moving. There is also a notable
relaxation in public feeling to-night
from the tension of the last few
months. At the same time every one is
asking what next. Is this the end or
only the beginning?
MOBS IN STREETS
AND TUMULT IN TI-|E
CHAMBER OF DEPUTIES
PARIS, Oct. 25.— Strong bodies of po
lice were stationed in the neighborhood
of the Palais Bourbon and the Place
de la Concorde to-day to prevent the
projected demonstrations at the open
ing of the Chamber of Deputies. The
French Cabinet met this morning and
the Minister of Marine, M. Lockroy,
announced that he would shortly intro
duce a scheme for the administration
SAN FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1898.
Mobs Hold Sway
and Battle With
Guards and
Police.
and financial reorganization of the
navy.
A meeting of Progressives and Re
publicans decided not to support the
Government's Internal policy, but to
uphold to the fullest extent Its foreign
policy.
There was considerable disorder
about the approaches of the Palais de
Bourbon when MM. Deroulede, Mllle
voye and other Deputies arrived, ac
companied by a crowd of supporters.
Members of the League of Patriots,
who were crossing the Place de la Con
corde, shouted "Vive I'Armee!" and the
Republican Guards were obliged to
clear a passage. A conflict with the
police ensued, in which a number of
Anti-Semites attacked and injured a
commissary of police with loaded canes.
The ringleader, M. Guerin, president
of the Antl-Semltlc League, was ar
rested.
When M. Drumont, the Anti-Semitic
leader, arrived there were further dis
turbances, with cries of "Down with
the Jews!" and cheering for France. A
detachment of cuirassiers charged and
dispersed the mob and several more
arrests were made.
The session of the Chamber of Depu
ties had no sooner opened that M.
Deroulede made a violent attack upon
the Minister of War, General Cha
noine, whereupon the latter arose and
explained the conditions under which
he accepted the portfolio. In so doing
he declared that he was of the same
opinion as his predecessors, referring
to the question of reopening the Drey
fus case, a remark which was greeted
with cheers and protests, the uproar
lasting five minutes.
When General Chanolne was able to
resume speaking he asserted that he
was the guardian of the honor of the
army, and concluded with saying an
grily:
"I place in your hands the trust I re
ceived and I tender my resignation in
this tribune."
The announcement was received with
loud cheering.
General Chanoine then left the
Chamber of Deputies and the Premier,
M. Brisson, ascended the tribune. There
he was greeted with shouts of "Re
sign!" while the Leftists cheered him
lustily.
SCENE OF THE DISTURBANCES IN PORIS.
The Place de la Concorde was crowded yesterday with excited members of the League of Patriots, who shouted "Vive l'Armee," while the Antfc
Semetic League also turned out, its members crying "Down with the Jews." All this was due to the opening of the Chamber of Deputies,
and the throngs in the streets had several encounters vith the police.
THE PRICE PAID.
"I HAVE BOUGHT YOU. YOU MUST STAY BOUGHT."—
C. P. HUNTINGTON.
M. Brisson said that General Chano
ine's declaration was a complete sur
prise to him, as the general had been
present at the meeting which decided
to submit the documents in the Drey
fus case tc the Court of Cassation.
The general, M. Brisson continued, did
not then raise any objection.
Continuing, the Premier said that the
Government was fully determined to
uphold the civil power against the
military, and he asked for a suspen
sion of the business of the Chamber,
which was granted.
After the Chamber of Deputies had
resumed business at 5 o'clock. M. Bris
son announced that the "irregular res
ignation" of General Chanoine had been
accepted, and that his successor ad in
terim would be appointed this evening.
The Premier, then proposed that the
Chamber adjourn until Thursday next.
and he concluded his re-marks with re
affirming the supremacy of the civil
power.
After attempts on the part of
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
various Deputies to discuss the alleged
military plots, the insults to the army,
etc., their remarks being punctuated
with interruptions and cheers. M.
Ilibot. in behalf of his friends, includ
ing M. Meline, approved M. Brisson's
statement, and added:
"We have every confidence in the
army, and do not wish to see it attack
ed. All Republicans are united on «his
subject."
M. Demahy then proposed a resolu
tion calling upon the Government \o2
end the campaign of insult against the
army, but M. Brisson refused to accept
it.
M. Cavaignac, the former Minister cf
War, then rushed to the tribune raid
demanded an immediate discussion of
the resolution. lie was greeted with
hostile shouts, including "Sabre, ' "For
gery." "Razor," which caused a great
uproar. The shouting of the word "Ra
zor" was an allusion to the suicide of
the late Colonel Henry, who is said to
have cut his throat in his cell at the
Fortress of Mont Valerien, after con
fessing to having forged one of the
Dreyfus documents, though it has since
bull claimed the razor with which the
deed was committed was not found in
the cell of the deceased.
M. Brisson then accepted the order of
the day, proposed by M. Ribot, affirm
ing the supremacy of the civil over the
military power.
Several of the Deputies attempted to
pp.ak, but their voices were drowned
in ih» up/oar which filled the Cham
ber.
The order of the day was adopted by
a vote of 259 ayes to 2 noes.
An amendment proposed by M. Ber
ger, censuring the Government " for
not causing the honor of the army to
be respected," was lost By 274 to 261
Votes.
M. Demahy then proposed a resolu
tion calling upon the Government to
"end the campaign of insult against the
army."
The president refused to accept the
motion, however, and a/vote was taken
on it, amid so much confusion that
scrutiny was demanded. Later this
showed that the Government was de-
feated by a vote of 296 to 243.
After the resolt of the scrutiny had
been announced M. Berteau moved a
vote of confidence in M. Brisson, which
was rejected by a vote of 286 to 254.
Whe% this vote was declared the Min
istors left the Chamber.
After the Ministers had withdrawn
the Chamber adopted, amid cries of
'•Down with the Jews," the order of the
day, combining the motions of M. Ri
bot and M. Demahy by a vote of 460
to 28.
A fresh tumult was aroused by the
declaration of M. Deboudrey d'Asson,
Deputy for the Arrondissement of Los
Sables d'Olonne, in the Department of
Vendee, that all the Ministers except
General Chanoine ought to be im
peached.
The Chamber adjourned to Novem
ber 4.
The Senate, after a brief session, ad
journed.
After the Chamber adjourned 10,000
people sang the "Marseillaise" around a
bonfire mad of the Dreyfus paper, "Les
Drifts de l'Homme" (the right of man).
All the stores In the neighborhood were
closed in anticipation of rioting. The
cuirassiers, assisted by the mounted
republican guards, succeeded in driv
ing back another . crowd which was
shouting "Spit upon Brisson."
As this dispatch is sent a big crowd
is gathering and organizing a mani
festation in front of the military club.
By 4 o'clock In the afternoon about
150 arrests had been made. The crowds
continually augmented until the
vicinity of the Chamber of Deputies
was black with people cheerinjc Gen
eral Chanoine and the army.
The cuirassiers had the greatest diffi
culty in clearing a way around the
Madeline and the Rue Royale. There
were many encounters between the
people and the police.
It is the general impression amonjr ;
the Deputies that President Faure will
invite Alexander E. Ribot to form a
Cabinet.
This evening detachments of muni
cipal guards, cuirassiers and police are
massed at the various approaches to
the palace of the Elysee for fear of dis
turbances.
M. lirisson went to the Elysee at 7
o'clock.
President Faure has signed the ap
pointment of M. Lockroy, Minister of
Marine, in the retiring Cabinet, as Min
ister of "War ad interim.
While accepting the resignation of
the Ministry M. Faure begged M. Bris
son and his colleagues to continue to
act until the formation of the new
Cabinet.
DEMONSTRATIONS
{3ND COLLISIONS
WITH THE POLICE
PARIS, Oct. 26, 1 a, m.— About mid
night a mob of members of the Patri
otic League smashed the windows and
glass staircase of a shop whose owner is
said to be a Jew, at the corner of Rue
Aber and the Rue Scribe.
The vigilance committee of the So
cialist party issued to-night a mani
festo condemning the action of General
Chanoine and denouncing the "make
believe republicans who have strangled
debate in the Chamber and created a
crisis."
The committee has decided to organ
ize all the socialists and revolutionary
republican forces in the country against
"military and clerical reaction." M.
Faure has issued no statement to-night,
but he will consult this morning with
the Senate and Chamber of Deputies.
After the adjournment of the Cham
ber of Deputies there was intense ex
citement followed by street demonstra
tions.
At many points the boulevard became
almost impassable and there were
numerous collisions between the dem
onstrators and the police.
Only with the utmost difficulty was
a semblance of order preserved, and in
many cases it was necessary for the
cuirassiers to clear the streets.
COLLISION OF THE
ROYALISTS AND
THE REPUBLICANS
PARIS, Oct. 25.-About 10 o'clock a
band of youthful royalists formed in
front of the Military Club, and, after
cheering for the army, marched, pre
ceded by the tricolor, toward the of
firos of the Soleil and the Gaulois,
singing, "C'Est Gammale, que'ell nos
Faut." (We need Gammele, we must
have Gammele ) Gammele 1b a nick
name for the Duke of Orleans and the
reference to the story that the Duke,
when entering the army, expressed the
desire to eat from the gammele or soup
bowl of a private.
On arriving at the boulevard this
demonstration, which had grown to
several thousands, met a rival repub
lican organization. A violent collision
took place and the republicans cap
tured the royalist flag, which increased
the tumult.
MINISTERS RETIRE
TO AVOID THE GREAT
STREET DISTURBANCES
PARIS, Oct. 26.— General Chanolne Is
tbe fifth Minister of War who has de
clared himself absolutely convinced of
the guilt of Dreyfus, and the third who
resigned on that account. His totally
inexplicable and unexpected act was
the chief sensation of the day. He dealt
a veritable coup de jarnac to the Cabi
net, and precipitated a new strueele
between the military and naval author
ities.
Yesterday (Tuesday) was the first
time General Chanoine ever sat on the
Ministerial bench, and his colleagues
knowing that he was unacustomed to
the tricks of oratorical efforts, such as
M. Deroulede indulged in, tried vainly
to prevent his ascending the tribunal.
He spoke briefly, with painful incoher
ence, and then literally bolted from the
chamber.
The scenes that followed were almost
indescribable. When M. Brisson ap
peared in the tribunal he was greeted
with insults and imprecations from all
sides. But he stood his ground calmly.
A lady who was leaving the gallery
after the adjournment, on being asked
by a Deputy how she enjoyed it all, re
plied, •'lmmense. Wasn't it delirious?
So much better than the Comedie Fran
caise."
"Yes," replied the Deputy, "and this
is only the beginning."
It Is said that President Faure de
clined to receive General Chanoine
when the latter called at the Elysee af
ter bolting the chamber.
M. Faure sent out word that he could
only receive Chanoine's resignation
through M. Brisson.
In a subsequent interview between
if. Faure and M. Brisson, it was agreed
that the Portfolio of War could cnlv
be entrusted to a civilian in order to
assert the subordination of military au
thorities.
Even now it is difficult to state clear- t
ly why the Ministry resigned, but there
is a general belief that it was in order )
to avoid, if possible, serious street dem
onstrations fomented by Messrs. De
roulede and Drumont, who have been j
the heroes of the night's proceedings.
Altogether some 250 arrests have been
made. Nothine is now heard about
Fashoda, but it is regarded as extreme
ly probable that the Cabinet crisis will
be utilized to put M. Hanotaux back in
the Foreign Office. M. Meline is also
mentioned as a possible new Premier
to succeed the retiring Brisson, who
has succeeded himself.
UNION PACIFIC ROAD"
IN A STRANGE MUDDLE 1
Claims of Sixty Millions of Dollars
Against Assets of Four
Millions.
WASHINGTON, Oc-t. 25.— The Govern
ment directors of the Union Pacific hand
ed in their annual report to-day. Proceed
ings have been Instituted against the
Union Pacific by the Department of Jus
tice for allowing: the United States the
sum of $6,588,900, together with interest
on the J12.591.900 from April 1, 1897, to
February 12. 1898. and also interest on
$6,688,900 from February 16, IS9S. The value \
of the assets in the hands of the receiv
ers of the Union Pacific Railroad In the
suit against the company and others, in
which Oliver Ames and others are com
plainants, which are not covered by any
I specific lien or incumbranee, and which
■ are available for the payment or part I
! payment of the general obligations of the
I Union Pacific Railroad Company which
I remain unsatisfied, is not exactly kno'vn.
but the directors say they are informed
such assets exceed $4,600,000 In amount, j
The amount of the claims wnlcb have i
been presented and which claim right of
! participation In the assets approximate
i $80, 000, 01)0. ■
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Patents for the Inventive and Addi
tional Pensions.
"WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Patents have
been issued as follows: California— Mark
Brilliant. San Francisco, folding sofa bed:
Henry M. Brittan, San Francisco, rope
grip and propelling device; Leonard W.
Dexter, San Jose, nail holder and starter,
Benjamin F. Ellis, Berkeley, construction
of tubes and cylinders; Robert L. Huff
man, Santa Ana. check row corn planter;
Willie C. Keithly, San Francisco, insula
tor and hanger for electric railways;
Park C. Mabury, San Jose, grass catcher
for lawn mower; Frank L. Martenette,
Chlco, carburetter; John W. T. Morris,
Summerland, door-knob attachment and
lock; John W. Pitts, Hueneme, wave mo
tor; Martin L. Rupp. Fresno, tray turn
er; John Shepard, Aptos, automatic stock
feeding device; Josiah H. L. Tuck. Sun
Francisco, apparatus for softening and ex
cavating frozen earth, and Franz O. Win
quist and E. Olsson, Oakland, water
cycle.
Pensions have been granted as follows:
California: Original— Hiram Smith. Stock
ton, $8; Jacob Conlpy, Vallelo, $G; William
H. Howard, Soldiers' Home, Los Angeles,
$6; Andrew J. Sheldon. Spanish Ranch,
$8, special October 17; Judson Craker,
Oakland. $8. Increase — James H. Egan,
San Francisco, $8 to $V). Reissue ana in
crease—Edwin A. Parker, Soldiers' Home,
Los Angeles, $6 to $10. Original— Jacob
Duschar, father. Anaheim, $12.
Oregon: Original— Foster L. Heft, Gold
Hill, $12. Additional— George B. Hentch
croft, North Yamhtll, $6 to $8. Original
widows— Elizabeth Simler, Dayton, $8.
Washington: Original— William L. C.
Atkinson, Orting, $8; Daniel Yeck, Cath
lamet, $8. Mexican war widows— Olive B.
Munks, Fidalgo, $8.
TWO MEN SHOT BY
A MOB IN GEORGIA
Both Were Implicated in the Murder
of Mrs. Atkinson in South.
Carolina.
AUGUSTA, Ga.,Oct. After a Coro
ner's Inquest, during which Jim Mackle
and Luther ! Sullivan implicated each
other in the murder of Mrs. B. O. Atkin
son at the Republican Church, Edgelield
County, in South Carolina, both, men
were shot to death to-night by the en
raged people in the neighborhood in which
the murdered woman lived. The assassin
fired at her from the roadside late at
night while she and her husband were re
turning from Augusta to their home.
/ •
SPANISH CABINET CBI3IS.
Believed the Queen Regent and Sa-
gasta Cannot Prevent It.
Special cable to The Call and the New York
Herald. Copyrighted. 1898, by James Gor
don Bennett.
MADRID, Oct. 25.— 1n spite of all ef
forts of the Queen Regent, a ministerial
crisis seems imminent. Already there 'a
talk of an interim Ministry under Veja
de Armijo, President of the Chamber of
Deputies, until neace is concluded. The
other alternative is General Polavieja,
but Sagasta is wonderfully clever in is
suing successfully from a difficult situ
ation, and has not thrown up the sponge
vet -
ANTI-SALOON MEN BLOWN UP.'
Dastardly Attempt at Murder in a
Michigan Town.
MARQUETTE, Mich., Oct. 25.— An at
tempt apparently was made at 1:10 a. m.
to murder James Pendill, an enthusiastic
anti-saloon man, and, incidentally, his en
tire family, by blowing up the house with
dynamite. The charge was not heavy
enough to wreck the house. Pendill and
his family escaped. There is no clew to
the identity of the culprit.
THREE SPANISH NOTES.
Posting the American Commissioners
in Havana.
HAVANA, Oct. 25.— T0-day the Spanish
commission delivered three notes to the
American Commissioners, one contain
ing the information that the steamer
Notre Dame dv Salute and Montevideo
sailed this afternoon for Gibara to em
bark the Spanish forces of Holguln, and
another pointing out that articles sold
by auction at the arsenal are for the most
part only old cannon, not fit to be used
in war and sold to bo utilized as bronze.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1898.
COAST DEFENSES
AND WATERWAYS
Annual Report of the
Chief of Engineers.
WHAT THE WAR HAS SHOWN
VALUE OF SHORE BATTERIES
AND SUBMARINE MINES.
Appropriations Recommended for the
Improvement of Pacific
Coast Rivers and
Harbors.
WASHINGT-N, Oct. 25.— The annual
report of Brigadier General John M.
Wilson, chief of engineers, U. S. A., has
been made to the Secretary of War. In
consequence of the war with Spain that
portion of the report relating to fortifi
cations is most interesting. Upon this
point General Wilson says:
During the fiscal year projects of per
manent seacoast defenses were prepared
and approved by the Secretary of War
for Port Royal, S. C, St. Johns River,
Fla., Tampa, Fla. , and Sabine Pass,
Texas, making thirty localities in the
United States for which projects of per
manent defenses have thus far been ap
proved under the general scheme pro
posed in ISSG by the Endicott board. At
the close of the fiscal year the construc
tion of permanent modern defensive
works was in progress in 250 localities.
In consequence of the war with Spain
and the possibilities of hostile attacks up
on our coasts, urgent and pressing de
mands were made by Senators, Represen
tatives and local business men for the
immediate erection of seacoast batteries
at numerous points not contemplated in
the general scheme of national defense.
In the absence of any available modern
armament the Secretary ot War directed
the immediate construction of temporary
batteries, mounting ukl style armament
and siege guns for the -defense of a num
ber of exposed localities, including some
which are embraced in the national
scheme of defense.
While no hostile attacks were made upon
our sea coasts during the war with Spain,
the operations of the American fleet on
the coasts of Cuba and Porto Rico have
amply demonstrated the value of coast
defenses, including shore batteries and
submarine mines, in resisting naval at
tacks. One other important deduction
may also be drawn from the results of
the war, namely, the great value and effi
ciency of the rapid-fire gun. It is gratify
ing to report that not only have a consid
erable number of these rapid-fire guns
been mounted during the year, but that
provision ha* been made for the manu
facture and placing of a large additional
number.
Existing projects for seacoast defenses
contemplate the emplacement of about
800 heav;. guns of S, 1", 12 and 16 inches,
about TOO rapid-fire guns of various cali
bers, and about 1000 mortars. These fig
ures are subject to slight changes. The
estimated approximate cost of the engi
neers' work included with the installa
tion of this work is $55,000,000.
Detailed estimates for next year's
river and harbor work include the fol
lowing work on the Pacific Coast:
San Diego Harbor, $S0.OO0; Deepwater
Harbor, San Pedro Bay, $400,000; San Luis
Obiapo Harbor, $70,000; Oakland Harbor,
3133.000; Sacramento and Feather rivers,
$25,000; Humboldt Harbor, $143,115; Coquille
BLver. Or., $40,000; Coos Bay and harbor,
$lto,ooo- Siuslaw River, Or., $30,000; Ta
•juina Bay, $40,000; Tillamook Bay, $25,000;
Canal at the Cascades, Columbia River,
$100,000; Columbia and Lower Willamette
River, below Portland. $150,000; Columbia
River, below Tongue Point. $40,000; Grays
Harbor, Wash.. $500,000; Puget Sound, $25.
000; Everett Harbor. Wash., $50,000; Swlno
mish Slough, Wash., $25,000.
BOSS PEA'S GANG
STILL A MENACE
Voters Will Be at Its
Mercy.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— "Jim" Rea's
handiwork is plainly discernible in the
appointment of the list of election offi
cers made by the Board of Supervisors
yesterday, and it now looks as though
the voters of this cit" will be given an
other exhibition of the disreputable tac
tics that characterized the gang's vic
tory at the Republican primaries.
With only a few exceptions the same
inspectors, judges and clerks have been
named. At the primaries respectable
citizens were deprived of their votes,
and ballot-box stuffing and the grossest
frauds were perpetrated. All the toughs
and hoodlums in the city were out in
force working at the polls and the peo
ple who refused to vote the gang ticket
were jostled and insulted.
These same election officers have been
put in the polling places again, and Rea
and the Mackenzies will make the most
of the advantage. The officers of the
primary election were appointed by the
Republican County Central Committee
at the request of Rea. Now the Board
of Supervisors have named the same
men, and it is presumed Boss Rea dic
tated the list. The Democrats appoint
ed are friendly to Rea.
In the country precincts the election
officers are of a better class than in the
city. The gang cannot get men in these
places to do their dirty work, and con
sequently fair elections are held. But
the gang has taken steps to cut down
any majority obtained In the country,
and anything will be resorted to in the
city to gain a big vote.
There are seventy-two precincts in
the county, and, as each precinct has
an election board of eight, there are 576
election officers in the county. This
gives the gang quite an army of work
ers. Each of these officers will average
at least $10 for his work, so hen; is
a corruption fund of $5760. There may
be a few anti-gang men among them,
but it is safe to wa?»r the number will
not equal twenty-five.
By law the Democrats are entitled
to one-half the officers, but, as year af
ter year the lists they have submitted
to the Supervisors have been ignored,
they consider themselves fortunate to
get any kind of a Democrat on the
board this year.
The Good Government League and
other reform forces are taking step* to
head off the wholesale perpetration of
the grossest of frauds on election day.
Watchers are to be appointed at all the
polls, and those discovered at the
slightest fraud will be prosecuted.
Now that Boss Rea has been convicted,
the people are satisfied that the min
ions of the boss and Mackenzie are not
exempt from punishment. The election
of James H. Campbell as District At
torney is assured, and with this gentle
man in office evil-doers will get their
Just deserts. Rea has controlled that
office for the past four years, and any
attempt to punish gangsters has been
quashed. The Good Government Leairue
has raised a fund especially for the
prosecution of ballot-box stuffers and
other perpetrators of election frauds,
and the methods employed by the gang
to intimidate voters and carry the Re
publican primaries will not be toler
ated.
EPISCOPALIANS
END THEIR WORK
Close of The Triennial
Council of 1898.
MUCH BUSINESS TRANSACTED
COMPLETE REVISION OF THE
CONSTITUTION EFFECTED.
Pastoral Read at the Closing Services
Reviewing the Past and Present
Condition of tha-
Church. ,
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGT-N.'Oct. 25.— After a ses
sion of three weeks the Episcopal Tri
ennial Council of 1898 came to an end
to-night. Probably never before at one
convention has the council transacted
more business than at this meeting, or
of so much vital importance to the
church. The work accomplished in
cluded a complete revision of the con
stitution with many important amend
ments, also the adoption of a number of
amendments, most of them of a minor
character, to the canons.
The new constitution will have to be
ratified by the next succeeding con
vention, three years hence, before it
becomes operative. A matter which has
received the earnest attention of the
council has been the question of church
unity, upon which an amendment to the
constitution was adopted. A readjust
ment has been made of the boundary
lines of the missionary districts in the
West and Northwestern parts of the
United States; a new diocese in India
has been created; six missionary bish
ops elected, one for the church of Bra
zil and discussions held bearing on the
extension of church work in Cuba,
Porto Rico and the Philippines. The
failure of the proposed caxion on mar
riage and divorce caused considerable
surprise, but this has been left to a
committee of thirteen members to pre
pare a report to be made public nine
months before the next convention.
To-night both houses, sitting in joint
session, brought the convention to a
close with devotional exercises and thi
reading of the pastoral letter. The ser
vice was a most impressive one, the
bishops appearing in their full robes of
office.
Rev. Morgan Dix of New York read
the opening service, Bishop Gailor the
pastoral; Bishop Doane made the clos
ing prayer and Bishop Whipple pro
nounced the benediction.
The pastoral recounts briefly the
work done by the council, asks that
Whitsunday, the seventh semi-centen
nial anniversary of the book of com
mon prayer, be observed in the
churches, hails "with satisfaction the
wonderful harmony with which this
general convention, by the adoption of
an amendment to our constitution, has
without weakening the use or lowering
the value of the; prayer book, opened
the way toward training congregations
of Christians unused to our liturgical
forms, to accustom themselves by pro
cesses of education to approach and
desire them," says that "we are glad
that while insisting upon the choice of
keeping the public school system of
education free from political intrigue
or denominational intrusion to urge all
the more that it must be complemented
and consecrated by the more careful
and definite training in religious truth
in the family and in the Sunday
schools, in the church schools and col
leges, and in the careful teaching of the
clergy of the church"; recognizes the
earnest and effective work of the vari
ous organizations of the church ' and
calls attention to the fact that the list
of communicants has grown 10 per cent
in the last three years and that the
contributions during that time exceeded
those of the preceding period by $150,
114.
"We dare not face the future without
a recognition of the fact that the
church needs the stirring up of the
mills of the faithful to the plenteous
bringing forth of the fruit of good
works, of the giving of their substance
and themselves for their master's
work."
SEEKS TO CLOSE
THE POOLROOMS
H. H. Noble of Sausalito
Complains.
Special Dispatch to Tile Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Oct. 25.— H. H. Noble,
a well-known citizen of Sausalito, has
evidently arrived at the conclusion that
he can force Harrison and Harvey to
cease conducting poolrooms in that
town. By his attorneys, A. J. Treat
and C. L. Burnell, he filed a complaint
with County Clerk Bonneau to-day,
asking that the poolrooms be sup
pressed by law as detrimental to his
business and property Interests.
The documents filed are two in num
ber. The first complaint is directed
against W. H. Harrison, Charles For
rest et al. The second deals with Joe
Harvey, M. T. Bareiros et al.
Noble states that he owns certain
property situated within 150 feet of
where Harrison's business is conducted
in the Buffalo Hotel and within 380 feet
of where Harvey runs a poolroom at
19 and 21 Water street. He alleges that
both "maintain public gaming places
where money is wagered and which
premises are frequented by an idle,
vicious, dissolute, vagrant and criminal
class of persons."
These places he claims are rented by
Forrest and Bareiros with full knowl
edge of the use to which they are put.
For the reason that he believes them
to be a nuisance to th>; public peace and
comfort and that they are injuring and
will further injure in the future his
property interests Noble petitions the
court that Harrison and Harvey be re
strained from carrying on a business
which is a "nuisance," and that Forrest
and Bareiros be enjoined from renting
or leasing their property in future for
any similar games.
Death of a Veteran Printer.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— James Went
worth Osgood. aged 83 years, died in this
city to-day. When a young man he work
ed on the Boston Transcript. Later he
moved to Columbus, Ohio, and published
books and afterward to Vandalia, 111.,
where he set up the first power press run
in Illinois.
"The Dead Body,'' by H. O. Wells,
author of ' The War of the Worlds/
in next Sunday's Call.
YELLOW ABUSE
HAS NO EFFECT
Hon. W. M. Cutter Will
Be State Senator.
NOT A RAILROAD MOUTHPIECE
POPULAR IN YUBA, YOLO AND
SJTTEB-.
Evidence of the Esteem in Which the
Gentleman Is Held Among
All Classes in His
I District.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MARYSVILLE, Oct. 25.— The edi
torial attack in the Examiner of Octo
ber 20 on Hon W. M. Cutter, the Re
publican nominee for the Senate from
this district, has attracted very little
attention here. In this Senatorial Dis
trict — which comprises the counties of
Tuba, Sutter and Yolo— there is but
scanty reference to the railroad in the
present campaign as little or no anti
railroad sentiment exists among the
W. M, Cutter, Candidate for
State Senator and the 0b-
Ject of a Vituperative Attack
Jdu the Examiner.
people. Mr. Cutter is in Yolo County
this week making his canvass among
the voters and it is difficult to com
municate with him in regard to the
Examiner's strictures. His personal
and political friends, however, indig
nantly deny the assertion that he is a
"railroad mouthpiece," and say that no
representative in the Legislature has
ever shown more independence of char
acter or been governed more entirely
by his own convictions.
The best evidence of the high regard
in which Air. Cutter is held by the peo
ple of Yuba and Sutter was afforded
after the close of the last session of the
Legislature. A few days after his re
turn to his home in Marysville he was
given a reception at the theater and a
testimonial signed by a large number
of prominent citizens was presented to
him with a release of a mortgage on his
home, the amount of the gift thus pre
sented being $1000. Among the signers
and donors were such well-known and
influential citizens as Superior Judge E.
A. Davis, N. D. Rideout, the banker;
J. H. Jewett, banker and president of
the Society of California Pioneers; F.
H. Greely of the Buckeye Flour Mills,
D. E. Knight, manufacturer and cap
italist, and many others of high stand
ing in the community. The list con
tains the names of many well-known
Democrats, including James O'Brien, J.
G. Cohn, D. P. Donahue, Sheriff of
Yuba County; W. H. Carlin, W. T.
Ellis Sr., A. C. Bingham, J. K. O'Brien,
P. J. Flannery, E. P. McDaniel, Dis
trict Attorney; Dr. E. E. Stone and
other prominent members of the Demo
cratic party.
The testimonial and presentation
were entirely non-partisan in character
and spoke volumes for the esteem and
confidence entertained for the recipient
in this community. Mr. Cutter has been
official reporter of the local courts for
nearly thirty years and in all that
period his personal integrity has never
been assailed. He has always been
noted for fearlessness and independence
in the expression of his personal opin
ions, and has never hesitated to attack
wrong and injustice through fear of
political consequences to himself.
Interviews with prominent citizens
published a few days ago by the Appeal
testify to the high esteem in which Mr.
Cutter is held by many of the most in
fluential men in Marysville and the
surrounding country. J. H. Jewett
spoke of him as "the ablest man in the
Legislature of two years ago," and de
clared that his record was excellent.
Others could be quoted to the same
effect.
There is a general expectation that
Mr. Cutter will be elected and many
Democrats have been heard to say that
they wili vote for him.
Wallace Dinsmore, chairman of the
Republican committee of Yuba County,
when asked this morning about the Ex
aminer's strictures upon Mr. Cutter
said he had heard no talk on the sub
ject and considered the attack hardly
worth attention. He said that while
Mr. Cutter had opposed cinch bills di
rected against the railroad he had al
ways in the legislature pursued a fear
less and independent course, which had
gained for him the approbation and
confidence of his constituents. Ths.
prospects, Mr. Dinsmore said, were very
good for the election of Mr. Cutter by
a decided majority. He added -that the
Republican State and Congressional
ticket would doubtless poll a large vote
in Tuba County and the general indi
cations were highly favorable for Re
publican success in both city and
county.
INDIANS THREATEN
TROUBLE IN NEVADA
Shoshones Protest Against Arrest of
One of the Tribe— Settlers on
the Defensive.
CARSON, Nev. , Oct. 25.-Go vernor Sad
ler this afternoon received a . call' for
rifles and ammunition, from citizens in
and around Midas, Nye County. The Sho
shone Indians around that city are plan
ning an outbreak, .< and all able-bodied
men for miles around are congregated on
one of the ranches and have armed them
selves as best they can to repel any at-
The whole trouble arose over the arrest
li a n J^'fv a d lhe dußky leaders have
incited their followers to resistance. The
Indians are well armed, and other tribes
are expected to come to their.' aid Sev
enty-five rifles, together with ammunition
have been forwarded from the State ar
senal. ;
TOD SLOAN WINS
TWO OUT OF FOUR
American Jockey Again
in Form.
SURPRISES BRITISH TURFMEN
TWO HUNDRED SOVEREIGNS IN
A SELLING RACE.
Similar Amount in the Old Nursery-
Stakes Handicap — In the
Other Events He Is
Unplaced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— Tod Sloan was a
winner of two of four mounts at the
first day's racing. His first race of the
day was for 200 sovereigns. Sloan was
on Lorillard's Bayard 11. The conditions
of the event were that the winner be
sold at auction for 100 sovereigns.
Sloan was on Fitzgerald's filly in the
Fordham welter handicap of 200 sov
ereigns, but did not get a place. The
winner was L. de Rothschild's colt Va
tel, by Suspender-Velleda.
The American jockey rode and won
with Lord Farquahar's Samandal in the
Old Nursery stakes handicap of 5 sov
ereigns each, with 200 sovereigns added,
for two-year-olds.
The Duke of Westminster's two-year
old bay colt, Flying Fox, by Orme-
Vampire, won the Criterion stakes,
while the Duke of Portland's bay colt,
Lathern Wheel, ridden by Sloan, was
unplaced.
-♦
Results at Latonia.
CINCINNATI, Oct. 25.— Weather cloudy;
track very poor. Summaries:
First race, one mile, selling:
Dawn. 97 (Wilson), 5 to 1 1
Jack Hayes, 104 (G. Taylor), 7 to 5 and 1 to 2. 2
Topper, 100 (Southard), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:51.
Fanfaronade, Jim Henry, John Sullivan, Vio
lin, Lassie Lou, John Connors and Irene Blair
also ran.
Second race, five and a half furlongs:
Donald Bain. 115 (Kuhn), 1 to 2 1
Parakeet, 115 (J. Matthews), 7 to 1 and 8 to 5 2
Red Pirate. 10S (C. Thompson), 9 to 5 3
Time. 1:13.
Harry Preston. The Geezer, Al Sirat and
Frank McConnell also ran.
Third race, one and a sixteenth miles, han
dicap:
Alleviate, 105 (Conley), 3 to 1 1
Fireside, 105 (Frost). 5 to 2 and 4 to 5 '2
What Next, 110 (J. Matthews), 3 to 2 3
Time, 1:53.
Sauber also ran.
Fourth race, one mile, selling:
Viscount, 100 (Crowhurst), 8 to 5 1
I.yllis, 108 (Hritton), 2 to 1 and 4 to 5 2
Ran:s, 92 (Frost), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1:48.
Libation, Kathie May, Mitt Boykln, Dutch
Bard, Ma Angellne and Duncan Belle also ran.
Fifth race, five furlongs:
Lecilla, 108 (Britton), 6 to 1 1
Maid of Promise, 10S (J. Matthews), 4 to 1
and a t. l 5 2
Georgie, 108 (Guiterrez), 6 to 2 3
Time, l:06»i.
Piccola, Prlmavera, Lillle Mark. Rose Ash,
Aconine, Manana, Beana and Wend also ran.
Sixth race, one mile, selling:
Deyo, 97 (Southard), 8 to 5 1
The Star of Bethlehem, 104 (Dupee), 13 to 5
and even 2
Barbee, 100 (Cruwhurst), 6 to 1 3
Time, 1 :-J7" l-.
Aunt MaKK'o. Mordecal, Leo Lake, Suenell,
R. B. Sack and Helen H. Gardner also ran.
How They Ban at Aqueduct.
Xi;W YORK, Oct. 25.— Aqueduct summaries:
First race, five furlongs, selling:
Prince of Wales. 108 (Maher), 7 to 2 1
Ordeal, 107 (O'Leary). 3 to 1 and even 2
Colonel Tenny, 10S (Clawson), 10 to 1 3
Time. I:ML
Handcuff, The Hub, Strangest. Belgrave,
Mazie O, Somers, Vermouth, Vooris and
Carmatop also ran.
Second race, mile and forty yards:
Frohman, 96 (J. Daly), 8 to 5 1
Uanquo 11, 108 iMaher), 4 to 5 and 1 to i 2
Myth. 106 (J. Weber), 50 to 1 3
Time, 1:46 3-5.
Nearest, Campania, General Maceo, Brighton,
Burns, Doggett and Harry Crawford also ran.
Third race, seven furlongs:
Swlftmas, 113 (Maher), 1 to 3 1
Warrenton, 120 (Clawson), 7 to 1 and even.... 2
Kinnikinnic, 109 (Spencer), 4 to 1 3
Time, 1:24 4-5.
Fourth race, five furlongs:
Sister Fox. 107 (Songer), 3 to 1 1
Village Pride, 103 (Turner), 10 to 1 and 4 to 1.. 2
Miss Order. 107 (Clawson), 25 to 1 3
Time. 1:03.
St. Sophie. Lady Exile, Viva, Lndy Dora.
Belle of Oakvrood. Laroupee, Ypsllantl, Savilie
and Tenor also ran.
Fifth race, one mile, selling:
Knight of the Gart.r. MS (CIAWSOB), 9 to 5.. 1
Tania, 103 (O'Leary). 5t to 1 and IS to 1 2
Tinge, 105 'Cunningham), 6 to 1 3
Time. 1:42 3-5.
Red Spider, Wordsworth, Prime Minister,
James Monroe, liastion, H;inlon, Alamo and
Nina H also ran.
Sixth race, mile and forty yards:
Brass, 98 (O'Leary). 12 to 1 1
Hardy C 96 (Harrlpan'*, 10 to 1 and 4 to 1 2
Dr Withrow, % (McCue), 20 to 1 3
Time. 1:46 4-5.
Becky Rolf. Fair Rebel, Gorara, Staysail,
Emma Nora and Delicate also ran.
CAPITALIZED FOR
TEN MILLIONS
Union Tobacco Company of America
Begins Operations on a
Gigantic Scale.
ALBANY, N. V., Oct. 25.— The Union
Tobacco Company of America, capitalized
at $10,000,000, filed a certificate of Incorpo
ration with the Secretary of State to-day.
The company's capital is composed of
52,000,000 preferred stock, and $8,000,000
common stock. Its principal office la to
be in New York City, and it purposes to
manufacture and sell tobacco in all its
forms. The directors are Francis G. In
gersoll and Charles M. Billings of New
York and William A. Ooleman of Brook
lyn. The company paid to the State a
corporation tax of $12,500.
SAN JOSE WEDDING.
George W. Rutherford and Miss M.
E. Kell United.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— One of the pret
tiest weddings ever held in this city oc
curred to-day in St. Joseph's Catholic
Church at noon, when George W.
Rutherford and Miss Mac Elean Kell
were united in marriage. The edifice was
beautifully decorated and society was
well represented. The officiating clergy
men were Rev. Fathers R. E. Kenna and
J. Walsh. Miss Erne Faulkner was maid
of honor. Misses Sybil Morehouse and
Mary Wilcox were bridesmaids, and T. T.
Kell best man. The groom is the only son
of the late G. W. Rutherford, pioneer cap
italist, and the bride Is a daughter of Mr.
and Mrs. T. B. Kell.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
This Fall
You should be wise and see that your
blood Is rich and pure and your whole
system put in a perfectly healthy con-
dition by the use of Hood's Sarsapa-
rilla. Then you will be -free from ma-
laria, typhoid fever, colds and the grip.
Hood's Sarsaparilla is the best medicine
money can buy.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Sold by all druggists. Price $1; six for $5.
Hood's Pills cure biliousness, indigestion.
SICK SOLDIERS
TO BE SENT HOME
General Otis Authorized to
Permit 800 to Be Shipped
From Manila.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— The
following cablegram received at
the War '. partment says:
"MANILA, Oct. 25.— Adjutant
General, Washington: Spanish
transport ship expected to arrive
to-morrow from Barcelona,
wishes to transport 800 of the
sick Spanish soldiers now here.
This would relieve the situation.
Shall permission be given?
"OTIS."
This message was answered in
the affirmative.
CAVE IN THE BADER
MINE, NEAR MAGALJA
Five Men Entombed for a Time— AH
but One Are Finally-
Rescued.
OROVILLE, Oct. 25.— This aftern
1 o'clock a cave occurred in the
mine, near Magalia, and five min>
eluding Superintendent G. B. Id
were caugfet in the debris. An upraise
was driven with all possible dispatch.
George B. Mo-wry. N. Cadman, Will Hen
drix and Frank Scroggins were rescued.
The last named was severely cut anil
bruised, but the others were unmir
miner, Morandi, has not yet been found
and it is probable that he is dead.
ADVEB.TIS2JIENTS.
I Experiment, I
The Keeley Treatment lor %
the cure of Alcoholism %
and Drug addictions has >
passed the experimental £
stage —it is a fact. It
1 reaches right down, picks 1
I men and women out of •§
5 the gutter and restores 5
§j them to home, health and |j
5 happiness. |j
I :£
§ THE KEELEY INSTITUTES. £
5 1170 Market str?et. San Francisco, S
5 Dononoe Building. 5
5 Lanfeersnlm Building, Third and $
5 Spring Sts., Los Angeles.
jg Ered A. Pollock, Manager. 5!
DR. MEYERS «fc CO.,
Specialists for All Diseases of Men.
Jp^^SJsS^3&3 '^^fek * f u 1 physicians
• g&£ Im^Jj** *^B[ have the most exten-
! .'@^* sive practice an •!
Ssggl&r 3^ largest and best
J*ifi§{ j|V equipped medical in-
T&tSJujS -^»iXt stitution on the Pa-
rV&i «<^5 P *T-S^ S-VS -V cltlc Coast - They have
ff'^K 1 ifiw^isSv^'*! i BU °h confidence in
■ \ *^L* p^S^ t^T they xvlll let the pa-
f v Sr!^ I *£ m 1 1^> t'ent deposit the price
fy/fcFsO&tM /JScSpßjiil ot a. cure in any bank
W^AWXfA A%i>i3!t&axiA or witn an >' business
. 'V/Wi. '■•Hi-vh^^^i* ' < bowse or newspaper
V&^WQs^*sisF§i'/ in pan Francisco, to
£%£»? >w^» i be paill to tilem when
&%&i\ ' tne cure is effected,
jg^3 > fyWj&oft!!B)g. or will take monthly
Established 17 Tears. patient prefers.
Thousands cured at
home. Advice and private book free. Letters
confidential. DR. METERS & CO., 731 Market
St., San Francisco, Cal.
Use f^^ and
Facial Soap £^J/ Facial Cream.
"Woodbury's Facial Soap, Facial Cream, Fa-
cial and Tooth Powder, manufactured by JOHN
H. WOODBURY. will make the complexion
Clear, Soft and Beautiful and the teeth, white.
Sold everywhere.
THE OLDDOCTOR !
Consult him if you are troubled with unpleas-
ant dreams (which make you arise unrefreshed
in the morning), "Vertigo, Forgetfulness, De-
spondency, Lame Back, Headache, Legache,
Deposits in Urine, Attacks of Blues and man;-
other symptoms of Nervous Debility brought on
by excesses.
He cures where others fail all Contagious
Diseases and Weaknesses of lien.
Consultation Free at office or by letter.
Hours— to 12. 2 to 5, 6:30 to S. Sunday, 10
W. NORTON DAVIS, M.D.,
318 Kearny Street, Sun Francisco.
McrRX/IT A *** MrM vitality
lyeri vi im lost VIGOR.
jfSj&St, '■" AND MANHOOD
jKg9W»^T Cures Impoteccy Night Emissions and wasting
HH4B diseases, all effects o! sdf'abuse, or excess and
ysi »»n indiscretion. A nervctonic and blood'buiJJcr.
xb +£>&? Bringi the pink glow to pale cheeks and re
fa, )e^«s^/ stores the lire of youth. By mail 500 per
PjJ^wl ban 6 boxes for $2.50; with a writtea
Wt^^mi^[guarantee to cur€ or refund the money.
Iktrlta medico! Co., CHnton « Jackson sts., Gftlwso.
WALLER BROS.. 33 Grant ave.. San Francisco.
Munyon's Headache and Indigestion Cure
Is the only remedy on tLe market that
will cure every form of Headache in 3
to 10 minutes, correct Indigestion, stim-
ulate the nerves and build up the sys-
tem. It should be in every home and
every traveler's • ripsack. At all Drug-
gists. 25 cures. 25c.
,m^m rupture.
■BrTi /y .Jiff USE no more iron
lIWiSwi 3 S«fMT^^ Hocds or Steel Springs.
E^HBk/MSf^ Rupture retained with eas»
3~^fßt&*? * nd comfort, and thousands radt-
■ /Sk^ tally CURED by DR. PIERCES
B /MP' Magnetic Elastic Truss. ETCall at
T^itjr office or write for New Pamphlet No. V.
MAGNETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO.,
C2O Market it, opp. Palace Hotel. San Francisco
D.R.PIERCE'S.. '
GOLDEN
MEDICAL
DISCOVERY
FOR THE
BE.QOP,IUVER.tt.UNGg;
DR.MCNULTY.
n"«nrs well-known AND RELIABLE OLD
■*- Specialist cures Private, Nervous, and Blood Dis-
eases of Men oh/;/. Book on Private Diseases and
weaknesses of. en .free. Over 20 y'rs' experience.
Patlenia cured at. Home. Terms reasonable. HoursO
to3dally;6:3otoB:3oev'gs. Sundays, 10 to IX Consul-
tation free and sacredly contldentlal. Call, or adores*
l>r. P. KOBCCE McISUIiTY,
2t»i Kearny St., San Francisco, Cal.CRISIS AS
TO FASHODA
APPROACHES
France Makes Definite
Statement.
IT IS SENT TO LONDON
PARIS GOVERNMENT CONSENTS
TO WITHDRAW MARCHAND.
But Will Negotiate as to the Respec
tive Spheres of the Two Nations
in the Watershed of the
Congo and the Nile.
■* Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Com
mercial Advertiser's London corre
spondent cables: The Fashoda dispute
is likely to come to a crisis in a few
days. The French. Embassador
brings here a definite statement of
French proposals. They consent to the
■withdrawal of Major Marchand pro
viding England will negotiate for a
delimitation of the respective spheres
of the two nations in the watershed of
the Congo and the Nile,' with consider
ation for the French claim to nav
igable and commercial access to the
Nile. The British Cabinet will con
sider the proposals Thursday.
FRANCE WILL^RETREAT
FROM POSITION ASSUMED
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent says: It is
the firm belief of administration of
ficials, based on information received
from London and Paris, that France
will retreat from the position she has
assumed on tho Fashoda question and
that war with England will thus be
averted. Through the American Em
bassy at Paris the administration has
been informed of the latest develop
ments in the existing dispute between
the English and French governments
and of the preparations for war which
ire making. These preparations
are not so extensive as the reports
from Europe would seem to indicate.
The English navy is ready for hostili-
U this moment, but the French
navy is not. and no great steps have
been taken to place it on a war footing.
GREAT BRITAIN WOULD
FIGHT IF NECESSARY
LONDON, Oct. 26.— The Cape Town
correspondent of the Times says: Cecil
Rhodes, addressing- an open-air meet
ing- here yesterday afternoc-n, says
that four years ago he saw Baron de
Courcel, French Embassador to Great
Britain, and told him on the authority
Of Lord Salisbury they would light if
necessary to prevent the French reach
ins the Nile and cutting the connec
tion the British intended to make be
tween the north and. south. Mr. Rhodes
added that he knew the French Gov
ernment was then advised that such
would be England's action.
FRENCH-CANADIANS
CRITICIZE ENGLAND
MONTREAL, Oct. 25.— The French-
Canadian papers are freely criticizing
England over its course in Egypt. La
Patria, the Government organ, states
that though they were loyal subjects of
the empire they were Frenchmen also.
La Minerva says: "The English do
not admit either discussion or arbitra
tion. They simply ordered the recall of
Marchand, and if this demand is not
complied with they are ready to make
war. This reminds one of the procedure
of the United States against Spain.
Right is nothing to the Anglo-Saxon
from the moment he is certain he is the
stronger."
"WE MUST CONTROL NILE,"
SAYS BRITISH PRESS
LONDON, Oct. 25.— A1l interest to
day is centered in the Marquis of Salis
bury's addition to the Fashoda corre
spondence, contained in the publication
of the British blue book on that sub
ject. The Conservative newspapers
express themselves as being highly
pleased with this rejoinder to the
French yellow book on the Fame sub
ject. They declare that it dispels the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
GET FLESH-
Get Strength, Vigor, Clear Complexion
and Good Digestion. Not by Patent
Medicine, but In Nature's Own Way
Any honest physician will tell you that
there is but one way to get increased
flesh; all the patent medicines and cod
liver oils to the contrary notwithstand-
ing.
Nature has but one way to increase
flesh, strength and vigor, mind and
body, and that is through the stomach,
by wholesome foud, well digested.
There is no reason or common sense in
other method whatever.
People are thin, run clown, nervous
pale, and shaky in tht.-ir nerves simply
because their stomachs are weak
They may not think they have dys-
pepsia, but the fact remains that they
do not eat enough food, or what they
eat is not quickly and properly digest
ed, as it should be.
Div Harlandson says the reason is
becafcse the stomach lacks certain di-
gestive acids and peptones and de-
ficient secretion of gastric Juice.
Natures remedy in sucl. cases is to
supply what the weak stomach lacks
There are several good preparations
which will do this, but none so readily
as Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets, which
are designed especially for all stomach
troubles, and which cure all digestive
weakness on the common sense plan
of furnishing the digestive principles
which the stomach lacks.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets give per-
fect digestion. First effect is to in-
crease the appetite, and increased
vigor, added flesh, pure blood and
strength of nerve and muscle is the
perfectly natural result
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets is the
safest tonic known and will cure any
form of stomach trouble except cancer
of the stomach. May be found at
druggists, at 50 cents for full-sized
package or direct by mail from Stuart
Company, Marshall, Mich.
idea spread by the dispatch of the
French Embassador here, Baron de
Counsel, that the Premier was willing
to negotiate on the whole question.
Hut the Liberal and Radical organs
still consider that the Marquis of Salis
bury's attitude admits of negotiations
promising a friendly arrangement.
The entire press, however, scouts the
idea of the possession of Fashoda com
ing within the sphere *f discussion.
The St. James Gazette says this after
noon:
"We are prepared to negotiate the
question of the western frontier of
Bahr-el-Ghazal district, but we must
control the Nile, both banks and water
sheds, from its source to the sea."
The Globe thinks the Marquis of Sal
isbury has made it clear that Major
Marchand must quit Fashoda without
conditions. "Until that is done," the
Globe says, "there can be no discussion
of the French clai^i in Africa."
The Globe points out the significant
announcement in General Kitchener's
report that he sent gunboats south
from Sebat toward Meshra-er-Kek, the
principal trading center of the Bahr-el-
Ghazal region, with instructions to es
tablish necessary outposts, and that be
fore he left he completed arrangements
for the maintenance of these stations.
"These movements." the Globe adds,
"bring our position down to the
eighth parallel of north latitude, and
the Valley of Bahr-el-Ghazal at_ this
moment is under the rule of the Khed
ive. It would be interesting to see the
effect of this revelation upon the
French Government."
The Pall Mall Gazette concludes from
the publication of the blue book that
the French Government has been given
to understand that, wholly apart from
the Fashoda question, its title to the
territory abutting on the left bank of
the Nile is "rejected as utterly unten
able, and Fiance must accept the po
sition or take the consequences."
The Westminster Gazette suggests as
the solution that the French be granted
"way leave" and "enclave" for com
mercial purposes in the Bahr-el-Ghazal
dlstriet "Way leave" is the right of
way over another's ground; "enclave"
is to shut in, to inclose a territory with
in the territories of another power.
ENGLAND SUMMONS
GENERAL SEYMOUR
HALIFAX, N. S., Oct. 25.— The Brit
ish warships Pallas and Talbot arrived
to-day from Bermuda.
General Lord William Seymour, com
mander of the troops in British North
America, will return from Ottawa, his
visit having been cut short by the un
usual activity in military and naval cir
cles at this station.
ARBITRATION URGED
BY POPE LEO XIII
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— A special to
the Journal from Rome says: The
Pope has telegraphed President Faure
of France advising him to order a with
drawal of French troops from Fashoda
in order to avert war. Pope Leo urges
that the differences between England
and France be submitted to arbitra
tion.
SAN JOSE TO HAVE A
NEW SWITCH YARD
Southern Pacific Must Vacate One of
the Principle Thoroughfares
of the City.
SAX JOSE. Oct. 25.— The use of North
First street for a switch yard by the I
Southern Pacific is about to be wrested j
Pacific Railroad is about to be wrested j
from that grasping corporation. For j
years the company has been switching ;
its cars and making up trains in the thor
oughfare. Lives are daily endangered and
property has decreased, as detailed and il- \
lustrated in The Call several months ago, i
but heretofore the City Councils have re- j
fused to act In the matter. Committees
have been appointed to go to San Fran- !
Cisco and ask the Southern Pacific offi
cials to abandon the use of the street for
railroad yard purposes, but the railroad
people refused to accede to the commit- I
tees' wishes and the Council did not have
backbone enough to force an issue.
At the Council meeting yesterday after
noon Councilman Ward Wright presented
the following resolution on the subject,
which was given its first reading:
In switching; cars and making up trains at
the station or the Southern Pacific Railroad,
when It becomes necessary to pass and repays !
across First street, no engineer or other per- i
son having control of any freight locomotive j
engine shall permit such locomotive, car or
train of cars being switched, moved or made !
up to pass over or on any part of First street I
Included within Its exterior lines. It shall be !
unlawful for any engineer, brakeman, conductor j
or other person or persons navlng in charge I
any locomotive, engine, train of cars or car to i
leave the same standing upon or across any
street in the city of San Jose.
This ordinance should and will undoubt
edly be adopted. North First street is ■
one or the finest streets in the city It
is one of the main outlets, and the travel
over it is great. Beyond the depot it is
the city's finest residence district, and
here in the midst of magnificent homes '
Is situated the noted Hotel Vendome,
where guests from all over the country
corns to spend thoir summers.
Across this street a large number of
Southern Pacific trains pass daily, but the
railroad is not satisfied with this use of
the city's thoroughfare and have been
using it for a .switch yard. This blocks
teams and nut a week passes but that
death and accident is not narrowly
averted. J
The Southern Pacific owns a large tract
of land in the Polhc-mus tract, which was i
purchased a couple of years ago for rail- i
road yards, and they should be made to
remove their freight business there
BLAINE MUST GET
OUT OF THE ARMY
Makes a Personal Appeal to the Pres
ident to Save Him, but With
out Success.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.-As a last des
perate effort to be retained in the army.
Captain James G. Blame made an appeal
to-day direct to the President. Owing to
his misconduct at Honolulu and Manila
Secretary Alger decided several days ago
that young Blame must be mustered out
As final evidence of his willingness to
show leniency. Adjutant General Corbln
sent a telegram to Major General Otis
asking him if he were willing to have
Captain Blame returned to duty at Ma
nila, this being believed to be the only
course open to the Government, as his of
fenses had been committed while attached
to General Otis' army corps, and General
Otis was the only person who had a rieht
to overlook them.
It was deemed inadvisable to send Cap
tain Blame elsewhere, as the general offi
cer to whose staff he might be assigned
would probably object to being made re
sponsible for an officer who had been de
tached from one command on account of
his reprehensible conduct. General Otis'
answer was received to-night, and his de
cision can hardly result in anything short
of the mustering out of Captain Blame
General Otis cabled that there was no
place in his command for the young as
sistant adjutant general. This was con
strued to mean that Otis did not want
Blame with him at Manna.
WILL GO ON THE TICKET.
Middle-of-the-Road Populists in Mis
souri Score a Victory.
JEFFERSON CITY, Mo.. Oct. 25. -The
State Supreme Court to-day granted the
Middle-of-the-Road Populists a writ of
mandamus to compel the Secretary of
State to place their State ticket on the
official ballot. The "regulars" claimed
the middle-of-the-roadsters were bolters
from the regular convention, but the Su
preme Court holds that before this ac
tion they had a majority of the dele
gates and therefore were entitled to
have their ticket placed on the ballot.
Invalids From Porto Bico.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25.— The United
States hospital ship Relief arrived n<rre
to-night from Porto Rico with over 200
sick persona on board. There was one
death during the voyage.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1898.
AWAIT THE
AMERICAN
ELECTIONS
Delay of Paris Peace
Commissioners.
EACH SIDE SEEKS TIME
BUT SPAIN WELL NOT PROFIT BY
POSTPONEMENTS.
At the Cabinet Meeting at Washing
ton It Is Decided Not to Assume
Debts of the Dons
in Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Oct. 25.— The American Com
mission was in session during the whole
of this afternoon. The deliberations
of the Commissioners, however, had no
relation to the question of the Cuban
debt, upon which question the attitude
of the United States has been strictly
determined.
The Commissioners discussed the
Philippine question to-day and decided
upon the policy to follow. It is be
lieved the American Commission has
full power to deal with this matter, as
they may judge best in the interests
of the United States."
The Gaulois to-day, referring to yes
terday's joint session, says: "It is
certain that both sides will endeavor to
gain time, the Americans not wishing
to take up the Philippine question be
fore the United States' Congressional
elections have taken place and they do
not want a certain alleged mystery
previously disclosed by the Gaulois to
become known at present."
This refers to the alleged rumor that
there has been some agreement be
tween the United States and Spain out
side of the protocol regarding Spanish
sovereignty, an allegation which the
Associated Press has already declared
on high authority to be untrue.
Continuing, the Gaulois affirms that
the Spaniards are delaying a solution
of the Cuban debt until after the elec
tions in the United States, "expecting
then to get better terms," adding that
it "fears Spain does not perceive the
advantages possible to her from the
electoral situation in the United
States."
CABINET CONSIDERS
CUBAN SITUATION
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— At the
Cabinet meeting- to-day the situation in
Cuba was gone over for the informa
tion of those members who did not see
the President yesterday. It was ex
plained that the time limit for the evac
uation of the island had been extended
from December 1 to January 1. and that
the United States would assume con
trol of the government of the several
cities and provinces as fast as they
were evacuated by the Spaniards, but
no faster. Havana probably will be
the last of the cities to remove ita
troops and the last to surrender civil
control to the United States. This,
however, must be accomplished by the
Ist of January.
The question of the relation Porto
Rico shall bear to the General Govern
ment of the United States is receiving
the careful consideration of the Presi
dent and the members of the Cabinet.
The question of a change in the cur
rency system of the islands, the cus
toms and internal revenue laws, suf
frage and many other incidental but
highly important subjects are now un.
dfT consideration and probably will be
treated unon at some length in the
President's forthcoming message to
Congress. It is not unlikely that Con
gress will be asked to pass some need
ed general legislation respecting the
temporary government of the island
with a recommendation that a com
mission be appointed to consider with
more deliberation than is possible In a
short session of Congress all of the
questions involved and make a report
at a future time. Nothing of a dis
quieting nature has been heard from
our peace commission at Paris, the con
tention of the Spaniards that th&
United States should assume the Cu
ban debt, or any other Spanish obliga
tion, beyond the recognition as valid of
the municipal obligations of Havana
and possibly other Cuban cities, is re
ceived here with perfect equanimity.
Such a procedure is out of the question,
as our Commissioners knew before they
left Washington.
QUAKERS WELCOME
THE NAVAL H€ROES
Immense Crowd Present at the
Opening of the Philadelphia
Peace Jubilee.
PHILADELPHIA. Oct. 25.-Phlladel
phia lifted its hand and doffed the na
tion's hat to its naval heroes to-day. The
most illustrious actors of the war, whose
glorious end is the motive of the cele
bration, learned what the country thinks
of them. Sigsbee. Philip, Evans, Wain
wright—these were some of the men.
The Texas, the Gloucester, the Winslow.
the Mayflower— these were some of the
ships.
The Government was represented by
Secretary of the Navy Lnng; the people
by a throng that filled every bit of tim
ber on each shore of the Delaware River
and jammed every available craft to the
point of danger. The marine pageant
was one of surpassing brilliancy and
grandeur.
Secretary Long, with Lieutenant Cuth
erland and Captain Bob Evans on either
side, stationed himself on the bridge of
the May. find presently the Columbia, the
first of the warships, was reached. Her
officers and men were drawn upon deck,
and her six-pounders began to roar out
the Secretary's salute of seventeen guns.
With the beginning of the salute came
the bugle and drum salute from the ship
and before the echoes of the first shot
had been swallowed up by the boom of
the second a veritable pandemonium of
whistles, small guns and the roar of the
crowds broke out and continued through
out the procession.
The Texas, Gloucester and the Winslow
received the best share of enthusiasm.
The Kasagi's officers and men were lined
up like Americans and saluted the Sec
retary- quite as well, but as her guns are
at Armstrongs, in England, the salute
was therefore a silent on«.
Apart from the naval pageant, the city
has seen a busy day preparing for to
morrow's display. Commodore Philip
to-day received the following telegram:
"Can you find a place for me in the
parade Thursday as a Confederate vet
eran and survivor of the old Merrimac?"
It was signed by R. O. Foute. a Cali
fornia Bishop who is now in Washington.
Mayor Warwick assumed charge of the
request and said Foute would be mounted
beside General Wheeler in the military
parade.
Fire Brick Trust.
MASSILLON, Ohio, Oct. 25.— William
G. Hipp of the Massillon Firebrick Com
pany has secured options on the plants
of all the leading firebrick companies of
this country, and they will be soon pur
chased and operated by a trust. It is
claimed that Eastern capital, amount
ing to H2.C00.000, is behind the scheme.
GEORGE M. CONDE DEAD.
He Was Mayor of Placerville in the
Days of Old.
George M. Conde, who was known and
esteemed by many of the pioneers of
California, died at his residence, 211S Van
Ness avenue, on Sunday morning and
was buried in the Masonic Cemetery yes
terday afternoon.
Mr. Conde was born in Schenectady, N.
V seventy-two years ago and came to
California early in the fifties. He settled
in El Dorado County, and by his many
estimable qualities soon became popular.
He was elected Mayor of Placerville in
1854 and was subsequently twice elected
to the Legislature. In 1865 Mr. Conde
came to this city and was appointed
cashier of the Farmers' and Mechanics'
Bank, a position which he held during its
existence.
The funeral services were conducted by
the Rev. M. D. Wilson, rector of St.
Peter's Episcopal Church.
IT WAS THE FERRY
SUICIDE, MRS. MILLER
HER BODY RECOVERED FROM
THE BAY YESTERDAY.
Identified by the Woman With
Whom She Lived in This
City.
The body of a woman taken from the
bay yesterday by the United States
steamship Vigilant has been Identified as
that of Mrs. Mamie Miller, the woman
who was supposed to have jumped from
the ferryboat Piedmont Saturday night.
The body was identified by Mrs. May
Howard, with whom the dead woman
lived at 292 O'Farrell street.
The Vigilant was on her way down from
Mare Island when one of the crow saw
the body floating just off the steamer's
course Lieutenant Evans, who com
mands the Vigilant, ordered the boat
stopped and the body was taken on deck
and was brought to this city.
At first It was supposed that the body
was that of a woman who lived on Du
pont street and who owns considerable
property there. A police officer declared
he knew the woman, but he could not give
her name. The body was taken to the
Morgue and there Mrs. Howard identified
it as that of her friend. Mrs. Miller. It
had been almost disrobed by the action of
the water, but the features were not
marred and Mrs. Howard had no diffi
culty in recognizing the face.
Mrs. Howard has no idea what prompt
ed the suicide to take her life. When she
left the house on O'Farrell street last
Saturday she gave no indication that she
had any suicidal purpose. She said she
had money, but immediately after leaving
the house she went to a jewelry store
and pawned a ring for $1 50. The mark on
her finger made by the ring is still visible.
When she pawned her ring she told the
jeweler she was going to take a Hammam
bath and she wanted the money for that
purpose. That is the last known of her
until her hat and purse were found on
the ferryboat.
SACRAMENTO, Oct. 25.— Mrs. Ralph
Griswold, an aunt of Mrs. Miller, was
seen at her home, 1921 N street, by The
Call correspondent this evening. She had
just returned from the telegraph office,
where she had sent a message to Mrs.
Miller's parents at Eagle Grove, Ta., noti
fying them of the finding of the body.
Mrs. Griswold said:
"Mrs. Miller was a widow. Her hus
band was killed in an accident on the rail
road in the East.
"I don't see why Mrs. Miller should have
committed suicide, because she could
have come to me at any time and I would
have helped her. Her folks in the East
are of the highest respectability. I have
nothing but kindness for her memory."
Mrs. Griswold was very much affected
by the news that had reached her but a
short time before. She will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow morning.
MATCHMAKER CALLAHAN
IN SEARCH OF TALENT
OFFERS TO MATCH McCONNELL
AGAINST OLD OPPONENTS.
R. E. Callahan, the popular match
maker for the Sacramento Athletic Club,
arrived In this city last evening in search
of talent. The particular object of his visit
Is to try and arrange a match for Frank
McConnell, the hard hitting local welter
weight who gave Green his hard battle
some weeks ago. Mr. Callahan declared
his willingness to match McConnell
against any man of his weight In the
world. McConnell has accepted the Sac
ramento Athletic Club's offer to meet any
of his old opponents, and as tempting in
ducements are offered, it is more than
likely that before long Green, or some
other clever man, will be pitted against
McConnell.
The residents of Sacramento are desir
ous of seeing- Stelzner and Kennedy in
the ring and Mr. Callahan Is empowered
by his club to offer the heavy-weights
a $1000 purse and sixty per cent of the
gross receipts to fight.
In the last meeting Kennedy gained a
decision over Stelzner after twenty
rounds' hard fighting, but the latter was
not satisfied. He has been heard to say
that he could whip Kennedy and wanted
another try. Stelzner has fought before
the Sacramento club on numerous occa
sions, and when he learns of this tempt
ing offer he will doubtless accept.
Mr. Callahan called attention to a re
miirk made by Sammy Maxwell, who so
handily whipped Jimmy Lawler, that he
would bet his own money that he could
put out Bob Thompson, the colored idol
of Los Angeles. Mr. Callahan says he
stands willing to put Thompson in the
ring against Maxwell at 133 pounds for
either a bet or a purse.
"The Sacramento Athletic Club." said
the matchmaker, "is booming and Is
anxious to pull off. some good matches.
During the past year a number of inter
esting events between prominent expo
nents of the manly art were exhibited to
large gatherings and with satisfaction to
the participants."
THE IOWA REGIMENT
WON THE TROPHY
TENNESSEE BOYS DEFEATED IN
COMPETITIVE DRILL.
The grand competitive military drill
given last evening at Mechanics' Pavilion
under the auspices of the Army and
Navy Christian Commission of the Young
Men's Christian Association, was won by
Company M of the Fifty-first lowa In
fantry of the United States Volunteers.
In addition to winning the decision as the
best drilled company, a magnificent sil
ver trophy, the gift of Shreve & Co., was
presented to the boys from lowa.
Although there were three companies
announced to participate in the drill,
Company M, Fifty-first lowa Infantry,
Company M of the Twentieth Kansas In
fantry and Company F of the First Ten
nessee Infantry, there were but two that
engaged In the contest, the Kansas Regi
ment being unable to attend.
After considerable debate the decision
was awarded the lowa regiment by the
Judges, who complimented the members
on their perfect knowledge of tactics and
also on their soldierly bearing and be
havior while in the ranks.
Policeman Kenville's Case.
Four witnesses were examined yester
day in the assault to murder case against
Policeman Kenville for throwing his club
and striking the boy, Willie Lynch. They
were Charles C. Hasel, William H. Hunt,
W. D. McKinney and Policeman Neil
Reardon. None of them saw a club
thrown, and Reardon testified that boyß
were throwing rocks at the time and some
of the rocks fell between the boy and
Kenville. It was his opinion that the boy
was struck by a rock. The hearing will
be continued before Judge Mogan this
morning.
Suicide of a Hotel Manager.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— D. S. McNichols,
manager of the Brunswick Hotel in this
city, committed suicide to-day by shoot
ing himself in the head. The deceased
leaven a widow and three children. The
cause of the tragedy is unknown.
MULE DRIVERS
USED AS NURSES
What One Army Officer
Saw In Cuba.
COLONEL CABELL TESTIFIES
INVESTIGATION COMMISSION
IMPRESSED WITH HIS STOBY.
Surgeon Boss Found Medical Supplies
Bather Short Until He
Learned How to
Get iuem.
ANNISTON, Ala., Oct. 25.— Dr. R. D.
Boss, assistant surgeon of the First In
fantry, was the first witness before the
War Investigation Commission to-day.
He was with the Fourth Infantry in
Cuba. He arrived in Cuba on the 10th
of July. He found the medical supplies
short, and was unable to secure any
of them for a few days, until he learned
how to get them from the division hos
pital.
There was a sufficient quantity of
quinine, but a shortage of morphine,
however, he had all of this latter rem
edy that was absolutely necessary. He
was able to secure hospital stores such
as food delicacies by 'rustling" for
them, getting them first from the Red
Cross Society and then going to Santi
ago for them.
Other witnesses at the forenoon ses
sion were Fountain Ragland and Ed
ward Simmons, colored, of the Third
Alabama; D. C. Lemke, quartermaster
sergeant of the Fourth Wisconsin; Con
gressman C-lson, colonel of the Fourth
Kentucky, and Lieutenant Colonel Ca
bell of the Second Arkansas.
Colonel Cabell said In reply to the
questions put by Dr. Connor, that he
had observed a condition of affairs at
the hospital of the Second Division of
the Third Army Corps in June which
he considered horrible. He had him
self seen one sick man lying without
the protection of even a tent, and he
had been informed by other officers
that several others had been left in the
same way. He thought the doctors
were honest enough, but that they did
not know how to get supplies. Mule
drivers had been used for nurses, and
he had been reliably informed that
many of them were in the habit of get
ting drunk and onsuchoccasions nee
lecting their patients. He said Dr.
Schooler was the division surgeon at
the time.
Colonel Cabell is a lieutenant in the
regular army and his testimony made
an evident impression upon the com
mission.
THE THROTTLE HELD
IN A DEATH GRASP
Passenger Train Runs at Lightning
Speed Vith the Engineer D;stl
at His Post.
. SUSQUEHANNA, Pa., Oct. 25.— When
the night express train, eastbound, ar
rived at this station at midnight last
night, the engineer, Henry Kingsley of
Susquehanna, was found dead in the cab
with his head badly crushed. After the
train left Binghamton, twenty-three miles
west of here, trainmen and others noticed
that the engineer failed to give the usual
signal at crossings and small stations, and
also that the train was running at un
usual speed. Fireman Cowen noted that
the whistle was not blown for this station,
and going forward in the cab, found the
dead, engineer. The train had run at a ter
rific speed twenty miles without any one
in charge. There were over 200 passen
gers on board.
It is supposed the engineer was hit by
a water crane at a point just east of
Binghamton. Kingsley was one of the
most reliable men on the Erie railroad
He leaves a widow and several children.
m.
AN OLD TRAGEDY
BROUGHT TO LIGHT
Ohio Couple Held for a Murder Com
mitted a Dozen Years
Ago.
WASHINGTON COURTHOUSE, Ohio,
Oct. 25.— Hannah West and Abraham
Huffman have been bound over by the
Grand Jury on the charge of murder-
Ing Louis Ball in this city twelve years
ago by beheading him with a razor.
The arrest of the prisoners was the result
of a recent death-bed confession by Mrs.
Anna Jeffries, who said she held Ball's
head while Huffman cut it off with a
razor in Mrs. West's house, the blood
flowing Into a tub. Ball's head and body
were laid across the railroad track tb
create the impression that he had been
killed by the cars.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PROF. LABORDE'S FRENCH CURE
■■■I ■ ii
gpfy t/^^f^WBPP f^vr^^^ RESTORES
i^^WjVMHP™ ■ mflnnullU
Rvi \ L I^^S AT ALL AGES— from 20 to 80 years,
fev^^^ft^^j 5 DAYS' TRIAL TREATMENT
I m^*' ••'■'•' '■&•"'■ ' :'-: '- - -me'' &"•'*••■ *«*.ijri^k' -V *•*••*.*•'• *.Tfc-
k^C^S^-'T"^^ ABSOLUTELY FREE.
1 /llP^s^ No C. 0. D. or Deposit Scheme.
BE A REAL MAN. Not a fe«ble imita-
tion. Whatever your age, there Is no excuse
for Lost Vigor. It is as easy to be a manly,
robust old gentleman aa a feeble, unmanned
wreck. And for a young man who. through
neglect, continues to suffer from Lost Man-
hood, or Varicocle, there la not the shadow of
an excuse. Do not think to long conceal your
condition. Sexual Weakness does not cure
Itself. It grows rapidly worse from week to
week. Soon it will set Its mark upon you, and
all the world will see and recognize It. It
makes no difference what caused your weak-
ness—bad habits in youth, excess, overwork
or business troubles— "CALTHOS." the mar-
velous French remedy, will cure you. and fail-
ure on your part to be a REAL MAN is inex-
cusable.
"CALTHOS" is the only known preparation
that will surely and permanently cure Lost
Manhood. It is the discovery of fhe eminent
Fiench physician, Prof. Jules Laborde. Its dis-
tribution in this country is controlled by The
Vcn Mohl Co.. of Cincinnati, O. This company
Is one of the largest, most reputable and most
responsible firms engaged In the Importation
of standard preparations in the United States.
Prof. Laborde, through The Von Mohl Co. In-
vites all sufferers from Lost Manhood. Sperma-
torrhoea, Varlcccele, Small Parts or weakness
of any nature In the nerves or sexual organs to
give "CALTHOS " A FIVE DATS' TRIAL
FREE OF CHARGE. All you need Is to send
your name and address to The Von Mohl Co.,
Cincinnati, O. The five days" free treatment will
be sent to you in a sealed package by mall.
CAPTAIN NEVILLS
CAUSED A SCENE
Charges Against Lawyer
Church.
SENSATION IN A COURTROOM
ACCUSES THE ATTORNEY OF
COMPLICITY.
Threatened With Punishment for
Contempt by Judge Risley if
He Repeats His
Offense.
Bp«cial Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO, Oct. 25.— A sensational
scene occurred in Superior Judge Ris
ley's courtroom this afternoon during
the trial of Dr. Winslow Anderson of
San Francisco against Mrs. Elsie Wil
liams, Captain Nevills' nemesis. The
claim was for $2000 for medical attend
ance. The services were not denied,
but Mrs. Williams claims that Captain
Nevills had sent her to Dr. Anderson
and was to have paid the bill.
Captain Nevills was called to the
stand on behalf of the plaintiff in re
buttal of Mrs. Williams' testimony.
He denied that he had guaranteed the
doctor's fee. During his cross-exam
ination by Attorney George E. Church
of this city Captain Nevills created a
scene in court by declaring that he
would send Mr. Church to the peniten
tiary along with Azhderain, Mrs. Loose
and Mrs. Williams.
An exciting dialogue ensued between
the witness and attorney, In the course
of which Mr. Nevills declared several
times that Church was just as deep in
the scheme to blackmail him as the
others, and that he would put him in
State prison before he got through
with him. Captain Nevills in his an
ger lost control of himself entirely. He
declared Mrs. Williams had told him of
the whole plot, and that the attorney
was implicated in it.
"This is interesting," remarked Mr.
Church.
"It will be more interesting when I
get through with you." replied Nevills.
Judge Risley threatened to send the
aged capitalist to jail if he re
peated his threat. Judge Church
stands high in the profession here, be
ing president of the Bar Association.
The jury returned a verdict in favor of
Mrs. Williams.
FIERCE BLIZZARDS IN
THE MIDDLE STATES
Telegraph Wires Down in All Direc
tions and Traffic Generally
Demoralized.
BURLINGTON, lowa, Oct. 25.— The
worst blizzard in years prevailed in th's
locality to-day and to-night. Not a wire
was working out of Burlington most cf
the time. Lines are prostrated every
where. Snow and sleet fell for five hours,
demoralizing telegraphic and telephonic
service. Many miles of telegTaph wires
are on the grround in this city. Oska
loosa reports a severe storm.
CEDAR RAPIDS, lowa, Oct. 25.— The
worst storm of snow ever experienced in
October in lowa prevailed here to-d;iy,
approaching at times to the severity of
a blizzard. It is the hardest storm ever
experienced in this State on the tele
graph and telephone companies, wires
and poles being broken down in <tU di
rections. This city was practically cut
off from the outside world all day. To
night the weather is much colder.
LA CROSSE, Wis.. Oct. 25.— A snow
storm accompanied by a cold wind, blow
ing at the rate of forty miles an hour, has
been raging in Wisconsin all day. The
temperature has gone down to 20 and is
steadily dropping. Telegraphic service is
serious"ly interfered with. Four inches of
snow had fallen up to 6 o'clock, and it
was still snowing.
MILWAUKEE, Oct. 2T>.— A severe stoi|i
of rain and snow, coupled with a high
wind, has been raging throughout Wis
consin all day, working disaster to tele
graph lines in all directions. The storm
is of unusual violence for this season of
the year.
GALESBURG, 111., Oct. 25.— A blizzard
has raged here since noon. Snow is fall
ing, traffic and business being stopped.
It breaks all records for this season of
the year. Wires are down in every direc
tion.
Sixth* Infantry Goes to Texas.
WASHINGTON, Oct. 25.— Orders were
issued at the War Department to-day di
recting the Sixth Infantry, now at Fort
Thomas, Kentucky, to proceed to points
in Texas, with headquarters at San An
tonio. This regiment distingunshed itself
in the Santiago campaign.
No one can ascertain its contents. Full in-
structions will accompany the package. Re-
member this liberal free offer is genuine.
There is no swindling scheme attached to it.
We won't write you for a deposit, or send the
package C. O. D.
The Von Mohl Co. can afford to make this
liberal offer, because It knows that the five
days' treatment will put you firmly on the road
to renewed health. You will KNOW and FEEL
it. You will find new vigor in your organs, re-
newed vim in your muscles, the exhilaration of
new blood in y^ur veins and steadier strength
In your nerves. And naturally you will con-
tinue tne treatment until completely restored.
When you write to The Von Mohl Co. you
need not worry about the disposition of your
letters. The firm Is an honorable one of high
standing In the medical world. The letters it
receives are held sacred. All correspondence
relating to the CALTHOS branch of their busi-
ness is confidential and ii kept separate and
distinct from their general business.
In conclusion let us call your attention to
the fact that "CALTHOS" is regularly used in
the French and German armies and that to Its
use may be largely attributed the magnificent
physical condition of the soldiers of these
countries. Do not delay. Each dav your con-
dition grows worse, and the time 'rapidly ap-
proaches when your secret trouble will set its
seal upon your face and form, for all who will
to see. It costs you nothing to give "CAL-
THOS" a trial. Send your name and address
in absolute confidence. Address application!
for trial treatment, .etc.. to THE VOX }IOHL
CO., 2108, Cincinnati, O. Largest Importers of
Standard Preparation in the United States.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
IPublican'
MEETINGS.
This, Wednesday, Evening, Oct. 26,
Hon. E. F. Preston
—AND—
Hon. Frank H. Short
Will Address the People at
ODD FELLOWS' HALL
Corner Seventh and Market StreeU.
HON. J. B. STETSON
WILL PRESIDE.
MUSIC AND SINGING!
TO-MORROW
THURSDAY EVENING. OCTOBER 27,
ODD FELLOWS' HALL, \
COL. H. I. KOWALSKY.
POTRERO OPERA-HOUSE,
POTRERO REPUBLICAN CLUB.
1839 VALENCIA street,
THIRTY-FIFTH ASSEMBLY DISTRICT RE-
PUBLICAN CLUB.
MURPHEY'S HALL,
. OCEAN VIEW REPUBLICAN CLUB.
. PASTENE'S HALL,
325 Davis Street.
HARBOR REPUBLICAN CLUB.
tCTAII citizens are cordially invited. Coma
and bring your friends.
frank Mclaughlin,
Chairman Republican State Central Committee.
E. C. HART, Secreatry.
DEMOCRATIC
DISTRICT MEETINGS.
MAYOR PHELAN,
FRANKLIN K. LANE,
BARCLAY HENLEY
AND OTHER PROMINENT SPEAKERS
WILL ADDRESS THE VOTERS ON THE
ISSUES OF THE DAY ON
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26th,
AT
Thirty-eighth, Power's Hall, Pierce and
Turk.
Thirty-ninth, G. G. Armory, 813 Ellis street.
Under the auspices of the Democratic City and
County Committee.
M. JASPER MCDONALD. Chairman.
THOMAS J. WALSH. Secretary.
FOR
MAYOR:
JAMES D. PHELAN,
REGULAR
DEMOCRATIC
AND
NON'f* ARTISAN
-. NOMINEE.
FOR. . .
PUBLIC...
ADMINISTRATOR,
A. C. FREESE
INDEPENDENT
NOMINEE.
FOR.
SHERIFF,
T. F. BONNET,
REGULAR DEMOCRATIC AND NON-
PARTISAN NOMINEE,
FOR ASSESSOR,
JOHN D. SIEBE
(PRESENT INCUMBENT),
r.Err^LiCAN. non-partisan ai:j> pop-
ulist NOMINEE.
*j| TTT" "^ FOR *H|^(ffi"'ES
HMI ff COUNTY CLERK,
W COUNTY CLERK,
M. A. DEANE,
J I REGULAR
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
FOR RAILROAD COMMISSIONER. . .
CHAS.S.LAUMEISTER
REPUBLICAN NOMINEE.
VOTE FOR. . .
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL
FOR CORONER
AND THE DEAD WILL BE RESPECTED.
SSiS RHODES BOBDEN
(INCUMBENT.)
DEMOCRATIC. NON-PARTISAN AND PEO-
PLE'S PARTY NOMINEE.
DR. ED. E. HILL
For CORONER.
REGULAR - DEMOCRATIC AND PEOPLES
-:t-; ; .-: PARTY NOMINEE.
•H| O&lehMtcr's English Diamond Brand. -.
Pennyroyal pills
V *~Gt~\. Original and Only Genuine. A
y*./TiAT\ «*rc, alvtjs reliable. ukoics»it/X\
Jv 4\ Wi-j»j»i Dr^^^ll!« for CHU-heitrrt £W"A Wa-jKfVj^
m*m&&Z-&™<»"* *> r ""- ' !° Itcd »^d Hold m»ull[c\\Sr
•fcv —^oftvWMixea. sealed with blue ribbon. Take \sr
I*l ®^ ♦i'Sno other. Refine dangenu* lubttitu- : v . .
I"/ ~ Aftiont and imitation: A\ DrnggiBli,or •snd4«.
I W .Jr in itimpt for pirtlsslin. t»r.iiuocU!.< aid
\ l O t Kg "Relief for to JleV in Utter, bj retnra
■Jk /r Hall. 10,000 T«timon!«l3. Kama Paper.
VV — — / Ctl«- v ie»ter Chemical Co..
aW by all Loral i>ruggi«u. " nn ■■' »A.. fA:
"Dm TT CUI7 C FOR BARBERS. BAK-
DnU JilLlJ crs - bootblacks, bath-
1/llUWliuw houses, billiard table*,
brewers, bookbinders, candy- makers. nners.
dyers, nourmi lls. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS.,
Brush Manufacturers. 60^ Sacramento St
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
Ki.AK.NY ANl* M* ASHXi*M'XVH bltJ.— Rß-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD A
CO. European plan. Rooms 50c to }1 60 day.
$6 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths: hot
and cold water every room: tlra grate* la •very!
room; elevator runs all night. • .
84
BUTTE COUNTY
PLEDGES ITS
VOTE TO GAGE
A Record - Breaking
Meeting at Oroville.
THOUSANDS FORM IN PARADE
FIREWORKS, MUSIC AND CHEERS
PRECEDE THE MEETING.
Senator George C. Perkins Urges His
Former Associates to Sup
port the Republican
Ticket.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
OROVILLE, Oct. 25.— Butte County is
nobly swinging into line for Gage and
Neff. To-night there was witnessed in
Oroville a great uprising of people to
applaud the gallant campaign of Henry
T. Gage against the single tax. The
magnitude of the demonstration called
to mind the out, ouring at San Diego,
Bakersfield, Fresno, Stockton, Sacra
mento and Auburn.
The Republican standard-bearer
arose at 4 o'clock this morning to board
the train from Red Bluff to Marysville.
It was still early when the train
reached Marysville, but Mr. Gage's
presence was soon made known to Mr.
Dinsmore, the chairman of the Yuba
County Central Republican Committee.
Between the hours of 9 and 12 o'clock
many citizens of Sutter and Yuba coun
ties called at the Western Hotel to pay
their respects to the popular candidate.
Judge Davis presented many of his fel
low citizens to the next Governor. Re
gret was expressed that arrangements
had not been made for Mr. Gage to
address the people of Yuba and Sutter
counties.
United States Senator Perkins ar
rived at Marysville at 12:30 p. m., and
joined Mr. Gage in the journey to Oro
ville.
At Gridley a throng of people assem
bled at the dfp>>t tn welcome the able
exponents of the Republican cause. At
other stations along the line enthusias
tic citizens cheered the nominee and
the Senator. A cordial reception was
extended to Mr. Gage and Senator Per
kins at Oroville. They were met at the
depot and escorted to the Union Hotel
by Judge John C. Gray, John P.
Leonard, D. H. Hilton, chairman, and
T. M. James, secretary, of the Repub
lican County Committee, E. W. Fogg,
chairman, and Ed Howard, secretary,
of the Oroville Republican Club, and
other citizens.
While there was great enthusiasm
for Gage the people of Butte also gave
to Senator Perkins an old-fashioned
welcome. The Senator lived in this
county for twenty years and knew
every man, woman and child in the re
gion. All the afternoon he was sur
rounded by old timers, who were happy
to recall the experiences of early days.
The farmers, miners and stockmen of
Butte recognized in Henry T. Gage an
every-day man of the people. They
came forward of their own motion to
grasp his hand and assure him that he
would be the next Governor of Cali
fornia. Monopoly in office holding is
resisted by the honest people of Butte
County. They prefer a man who has
not held office to one who has been
hunting and holding office for twenty
years.
Delegations began to arrive in Oro
ville early in the evening from the
ranches, orchards and mines of this re
nowned region. Republicans from
Gridley, 100 strong, headed by their
band, joined in the demonstration.
Bonfires, bombs, rockets, red fire, mu
sic, a large procession and a tumuult of
cheering for Gage and Neff delighted
a multitude of spectators. The route
of the procession was along Meyers,
Bird, Montgomery, Lincoln and Hun
toon streets. The Gridley band headed
the marching column. The Oroville
band was at the head of the second di
vision. Henry T. Gage and George C.
Perkins joined the column.
Before 8 o'clock 3000 people were as
sembled near the Union Opera-house,
but not more than 1000 could gain ad
mission to the hall. A desire was ex
pressed for an open air meeting, in or
der to allow all those assembled to see
and hear the next Governor and Sena
tor Perkins. It was deemed advisable,
however, to hold the meeting indoors
and crowd as many people in the house
as the space would admit.
The assemblage was called to order
by Judge Gray, who named the follow
ing vice presidents: Oroville — E. Tuck
er, J. J. Smith, X W. Fogg, G. M.
Sparks, N. Goldstein, C. H. Schively,
L. L. Green, L. C. Jacobs, H. C. Hills,
J. A. Welden, D. H. Hilton, O. W. Jas
per, S. S. Boynton, R. Delancie, W. A.
Beard, C. D. Dunn, J. W. Godfrey, G.
E. Springer U m. Damon, W. H. Dix
on, W. F. Gateß, W. S. Greenleaf, James
Leggett, John P. Leonard, D. L. Brown,
James McPherson; Palermo, S. B. On
yette. E. Boalt, A. 6. Riehl; Wyandotte,
William Dunstone; Bangor, G. Osgood;
Forbestown, H. P. Stow, H. E. Vail;
Hurleton, S. H. Hurles, B. F. Green
well; Mooretown, G. B. Rogers; Enter
prise, N. W. Slater; Berry Creek, Joel
Flinn; Bidwells Bar, C. W. Clinton;
Mount House, George Gable; Yankee
Hill, J. F. Spencer; Magalia, L. Cohn;
Nimshew, A. H. Rugh; Lovelock, L. A.
Snow; Powellton, W. H. McKay; Para
dise, W. M. Pence; Pence, H. S. Curtis;
Sundale, C. F. Wick; Nelson, F. R.
Stansell; Biggs, W. A. Shippee, C. S.
Quimby; Cherokee, William James, T.
In Vintin; Central House, J. S. Hutch
ins, C. E. Porter, L. B. Ayers; Hofccut,
N. F. Woods, S. N. D. Smullin, Charles
Simpson; Gridley, R. A. Norman, C. A.
Moore, L. T. Allen.
The mention of the standard-bearer's
name in the introductory remarks of
Judge Gray called forth prolonged ap
plause. When the cheering subsided
Air. Gage expressed his gratitude and
pleasure at the magnificent reception
and predicted that November 8 would i
bring the grandest triumph for Repub
lican principles ever recorded in Cali
fornia. This prediction evoked a mighty
round of cheers.
Mr. Gage proceeded at once to reply
to Judge Maguire's advocacy of the sin
gle tax doctrine, and so portrayed the
dangers lurking in the scheme that the i
audience listened with marked attention •
to every utterance of the speaker on i
this all-absorbing issue. Maguire's I
weak record on the railroad question I
was held up to the people, while the un- !
American attitude of the office-holding j
giant received deserved attention. In i
regard to the administration of State I
affairs Mr. Gage promised to gruard the !
interests of the people and render jus- :
tice to every citizen of California. His I
earnest and eloquent address won the j
admiration and applause of the vast <
assemblage.
Senator George C. Perkins received a
cordial greeting. He spoke with feel
ing as he referred to the associations
of bygone years. He spoke of the many
changes In the industrial features of
the county, mentioning the vast treas
>
ure of precious metal which the mines
had yielded and of the greater wealth
derived from the orchards and vines.
Proceeding to a discussion of politi
cal tonics the Senator spoke at length
on national affairs. He reviewed the
work of President McKinley's adminis
tration, Indicating where the industrial
conditions of the country had been bet
tered by the protective policy of the na
tion. The address throughout followed
the line ot, his masterly speech at
Woodland. ! His reference to the
achievements of the Oregon, the gal
lantry of American soldiers and sail
ors, the patriotism of the American
people evoked hearf- rounds of ar>
»-lause. The success of the meeting to
night of Butte County voters, the vast
turnout and the remarkable enthu
siasm displayed, inspire the Republi
cans with renewed confidence. This
county was carried for Bryan, but the
Republicans ar" confident of their abil
ity to win out for Gage and Neff on No
vember 8. To-night's demonstration
was a record breaker for the numbers
assembled. ,
To-morrow morning at 4 o'clock Mr.
Gage will leave for Vallejo and to
morrow night will address the voters
of Solano County. He Js somewhat
fiitigued by rising at 3 or 4 o'clock in
the morning and speaking late at night.
But his voice is not Imnaired.
ROUSING GILROY MEETING.
Good Government Leaguers of Santa
Clara Are Heard.
GILROY. Cal., Oct. 25— The Good Gov
ernment League of Santa Clara County
held a rousing meeting to-night at Music
Hall. Previous to the meeting bonfires
blazed <>n the main streets, anvils wera
fired, and the Gilroy band furnished lively
music. At the hall Dr. Bonne, a promin
ent Democrat, presided. State politics
were dispensed with and county politics
handled without gloves by Judge J. R.
Lewis. KM Wright. D. H. Bryant and oth
ers from San Jose. Several of the league's
candidates were present and made short
speeches. The colored quartet from San
Jose contributed vocal music.
JAMES G. MAGUIRE AS
A POLITICAL OSTRICH
COLONEL EDDY DESCRIBES HIM
IN A SPEECH.
Enthusiastic Republican Rally Held
at B'nai B'rith Hall Last
Evening.
There was a ' large and enthusiastic
gathering of citizens last evening at
B'nai B'rith Hall on Eddy street, between
Mason and Taylor, to listen to campaign
speeches by Colonel T. V. Eddy, ex-Su
preme Judge Van R. Paterson and other
Republican leaders. The hall was taste
fully decorated in the national colors. The
Sam Booth quartet and a brass band fur
nished music.
Colonel Eddy devoted an hour and a
half to the record of James G. Maguire,
and before he had finished there was very
little left of the triplicate candidate for
Governor on the Democratic ticket. The
colonel dwelt on Maguire's hypocrisy in
accepting nominations from the Demo
crats, the Silver Republicans and the
Populists on diametrically opposite plat
forms and principles. He quoted Ma
guire's record in Congress when the latter
opposed the bill prohibiting the influx of
European anarchists and nihilists to our
shores. Maguire then stated that the
nihilists were the Democrats of Russia.
"Why should we exclude them?" he
asked.
Colonel Eddy was of the opinion that
Mr. Maguire somewhat resembled the
ostrich in gastronomic powers, inasmuch
as he had successfully taken into his
stomach the husks of Silver Republican
ism, the old bones of Populism and the
cobblestones of Democracy.
Judge Paterson's speech was specially
directed toward exposing the sham re
former, Hefting Jimmy Phelan. "He's a
rank demagogue!" exclaimed the Judge,
"and the only reason I have taken the
gtump in this campaign is that I desire
to rebuke him for his arrogant attacks
upon the Supreme Court of the State, of
which I have had the honor of being a
member. Phelan is a pretense. He Is
sham and a delusion." The Judge then
proceeded to give cogent reasons for his
statements and proved his case against
the hefting Mayor.
Charles L. Patton made a brief address,
stating that he would make it his busi
ness to give the city a clean administra
tion. He guaranteed that the money in
the city treasury would be counted here
after instead of "hefted" in the Demo
cratic style.
REMOVED HIS STOMACH.
Physicians Pronounce the Operation
Successful, but the Patient Dies.
Another attempt at the sensational ope
ration of removing a stomach was
made yesterday morning at the City and
County Hospital. According to the phy
sicians and the assembled students the
operation was most successful, despite the
fact that the patient succumbed."
John Hoffmann is the name of the un
fortunate. For some months he was the
victim of a cancerous growth, malig
nant in nature. All other treatment
proving futile It was decided that the
rempval of the stomach was necessary
and preparations were made yesterday
for an immediate operation.
In the absence of Dr. R. A. McLean,
Dr. lirigham, assisted by Dr. THlman,
Dr. Roach and Dr. Boyd. performed the
operation. Some other physicians were
present, among whom were Dr. Hopkins,
Dr. Sussdorf and Dr. Moffitt. The patient
was much weakened in health by the rav
ages of the dread disease, and a perni
cious anaemia which had so enervated
his system that little reserve strength
was left to survive the operation.
The initial incision was made by Dr.
Brigham, Dr. Tillman handling the hae
mostatic forceps. Proceeding rapidly the
mesentery, the fold enveloping the stom
ach, was detached from the greater curv
ature, the lower part of the stomach. A
small adhesion to the liver was found,
but this did not deter the operation.
The mesentery removed, the esophagus
was severed near the cardiac opening of
the stomach. The incision was made be
tween two ligatures bound near the car
diac opening. The ascending, colon was
then cut and the stomach removed. A
Murphy button was inserted and the as
cending colon bound to the esophagus.
Up to this point the operation was suc
cessful. The patient then showed signs
of syncope, which necessitated the ad
ministration of strychnine and n.troplne.
Life was sustained until the -close, but
as attendants were removing the patient
to the ward he succumbed.
MONTEREY CHINATOWN FIRE.
MONTEREY, Oct.. 25.— A fire started in
Chinatown about 6 o'clock last evening.
It originated in one of the huts at the
northern end of the town owned by
"Chinese Mary." and was caused by the
overturning of a lamp or oil stove. In a
few moments the whole section was on
fire.
The Monterey fire company was
promptly on hand, but was unable to ren
der much assistance, there being no hy
ilrant to which hose could be attached.
The flames were finally subdued by means
of small hose and lines of bucket passers,
and by 9 o'clock the fire was nearly out.
About a fourth of the village was burn
i'd. the losb of nets, tackle and other
fishing paraphernalia being considerable.
The damage is estimated at between $500
and $800.
THREE BARNS BURNED.
STOCKTON, Oct. 25.— News reached
here to-day to the effect that three barns
belonging to Mrs. Nate Hoerl, whose
ranch is situated on the Stanislaus River,
twenty-five miles from Stockton, were set
on fire and entirely consumed, with their
contents, early Sunday morning. Thirty
tons of hay, a large quantity of straw, a
buggy, two carriages, a spring wagon and
twenty pets of harness were consumed.
The barns were so situated that the fire
could not have caught from one of them,
being so far apart, without human aid.
Lena Hoerl, a 12-year-old daughter, got
two horses out of one of the burning
buildings only a few seconds before the
roof feu in.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, WEDKESDAY^OCTOEEB 26, IS9B.
SANTA CLARA
GREETS LOUD
AND DAVIS
Great Demonstration
at San Jose.
REPUBLICANS IN CONTROL
THE CONGRESSMAN PAYS HIS
RESPECTS TO MAGUIRE.
Mr. Davis Urges the People to Re
turn His Companion to Wash
ington to Aid the Ad
ministration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Oct. 25.— A large audience
greeted Congressman Loud and Web
ster Davis, Assistant Secretary of the
Interior, at the Auditorium this even
ing. The place was filled and the audi
ence was one of the most intellectual
ever seen at a political gathering. A
large number of ladies were present.
Great enthusiasm prevailed and the
words of the speakers received rapt at
tention.
The Army and Navy League, 200
strong, under command of D. J. McGin
ley, and headed by the Fifth Regiment
Band, escorted Congressman Loud and
Mr. Davis from the St. James Hotel to
the Auditorium. The guests, with the
reception committee, occupied a car
riage drawn fey four black horses.
The following gentlemen composed
the committee: G. M. Bowman, J. R.
Patton, C. H. Phillips, H. J. Edwards,
O. A. Hale, Archie McDonald, A. E.
Eaton, D. J. Porter, Dan McGinley, S.
F. Leib, D. F. McGraw, D. L. Haas, L.
Callisch, T. S. Montgomery, Senator H.
V. Morehouse and W. A. Bowden.
The line of march was thronged with
people, who cheered Congressman Loud
and party.
D. F. McGraw, chairman of the Re
publican League, called the meeting to
order. The list of vice presidents in
cluded prominent men from all over the
county. S. F. Leib was then intro
duced as chairman of the meeting. He
urged the people to elect a Republican
Congress to uphold the policy of the
administration. As long as we have
industries to protect we don't want to
fail to elect that kind of Congressmen.
Congressman Loud was then Intro
duced, and his popularity was at once
apparent by the close attention and ap
plause he received. He said it was
gratifying to Californians that San
Joseans turned out in such force to do
honor to the Republican party and
one of the trusted lieutenants of Pres
ident McKinley, and it spoke louder
than words that Santa Clara County,
the garden spot of the world, approved
of his course. A glance at the faces
present showed a fair sample of the
70,000 men and women who live in
Santa Clara County.
The speaker said he was here to talk
a while regarding some of the issues
confronting the people; to discuss the
men who lead and enunciate the prin
ciples of the opposing party. The
course of McKinley and the policy of
the administration was praised. The
Democrats had charged the Republican
party with not keeping its pledges, but
this was not so. The Republican party
had made but one pledge, and that was
to endeavor to bring peace, happiness
and better times to the country. He
did not believe any man could say this
pledge had not been kept. They could
not deny the administration was wise
and the condition of the country better
than it was in 1893. No industrial armies
were marching through the country and
every man felt assured of protection to
life and happiness.
Maguire was then discussed. The
speaker said the standard bearer of the
combination party had discussed him
(Loud), and he proposed to pay his re
sp^rts to the fusion candidate. Ma
guire had addressed the people here a
short time am. and he had a right to
show the that they had been de
ceived by the pinto standard bearer.
He said Maguire had performed his
duties as well as the average Congress
man, but the people of California had
been led to believe he was the only man
who ever represented California in that
body.
Maguire had received more advertis
ing than any man who ever went from
this State. The Democratic candidate
for Governor had tried to drag the
funding bill into the campaign. This
measure had been settled by the high
est authority in the land, and no party
could hope to bring the question into
political affairs. He then told about
the passage of the bill in Congress.
The matter came up just when the
country was on the verge of war, and
only after due deliberation of Congress
was this settlement of the debt of the
Union and Central Pacific railroads
agreed upon. The action taken was
deemed best to secure the $80,000,000
owed by the railroads. Senator White,
the peer of any Democrat intellectu
ally, was more directly responsible for
the adoption of the funding bill.
Maguire has come back from Con
gress the personification of honesty. He
is impressed with the idea that no other
man has the interest of California at
heart. He tells you that at two sessions
of Congress he defeated the funding
bill. At those times he only spoke five
minutes, and it is surprising that the
eloquence of his voice should so easily
defeat the bill. In this last Congress
he had control of the time to speak —
you know how long he can talk when
he g-ets started— and yet the bill paßsed.
Maguire has secured the passage of
the Maguire act and had helped in other
measures. He was willing to give him
credit for it and everything else, except
being Congress itself. If you elect Ma
guire Governor you will go back to the
conditions of 1896, of which he Is the
greatest living exponent to-day; elect
him Governor and you will experience
the times you had from 1892 to 1896.
Maguire also said that if Craig was
elected to Congress he would get a sur
vey of Alvlso Slough.
This was not so. The question of the
preliminary survey of Alviso Slough
had been determined upon three times
and each time was reported adversely
by the engineers. The speaker had
done all he could for the project. Over
$5000 had already been expended on the
harbor. Next winter the question
would be taken out of Santa Clara
County politics, and no man could ex
pect to gain political preferment by
raising it.
The combination party presents to
Callfornians one peculiar feature — com
mendation of the acts of McKinley.
The fusionists know the temper of the
people too well. They say McKinley is
the best President the country ever had
and then ask you to elect men to Con
gress who will upset his plans and poli
cies. The Democrats say the Republi
cans claim the glory of the war. This
is not so. They only favored war
when nothing else would do. The
eagerness of the Democrats to plunge
the country into war was touched upon,
and the speaker said when war came
they Quibbled over and delayed pro
viding means for carrying it on.
Congressman Loud said Maguire had
said the tax on express packages, tele
grams, sleeping car berths and checks
on banks was an iniquity on poor peo
ple, but the speaker pointed out that
poor people did not make it a practice
to indulge in such things. He said the
Democrats claim Dewey and Schley are
members of their party. He had known
both personally for years and simply
knew them as American citizens who
had dedicated their lives to their coun
try, and belonged to the party that sus
tained it. The war had reunited the
country and people from the North and
South, sons of the old reb and the old
Yank, had marched side by side to de
fend the flag.
He closed by urging the people to
support McKinley. The contest of 1900
would be fought in IS9B. The success
of the Democrats meant Bryanism in
1900. "Support McKinley, believe in
his courage and wisdom, uphold and
sustain him is the proper thing to do.
Don't tie his hands by giving the con
trol of Congress into the hands of the
opposition."
Several selections were rendered by
the Colored Southern Quartet, after
which Chairman Leib introduced Web
ster Davis, who said in part:
"When I listened to the young colored
gentlemen singing so lovely my
thoughts for a moment turned to dear
old Missouri. We have about 50,000
colored voters there, and every one of
them is a Republican too. The Demo
crats and Populists claim all the glory
of the war, and every prominent man
who took part in the war with Spain.
There is one exception, thank God, and
that is the brave black boys who fought
like wild cats and saved the day at
Santiago. No, they wont claim black
boys. No truer American or patriotic
blood flows through veins than that of
the black boys who fought at Santi
ago." •
Mr. Davis paid the State a great trib
ute. He said the fruitful orchards and
vineyards and splendid farms were
the homes of intellectual men and wo
men, who had come from all parts of
the country. Caliornia was a grand
State, and with our new possessions
California would soon be regarded as
the center of the United States and be
come the distributing point for the
Western isles. The Republican party
favored thia sort of progression, and it
would be many dollars in the pockets
of Callfornians to vote for the Repub
lican party. To accomplish this he
urged the citizens of Santa Clara
County to do all in their power to re
elect Congressman Loud, as he would
iook after their interests and the coun
try'!; interests. He said:
"The way for you to do is to send
men who are In harmony with the
President to Congress, men who will
support his measures who will assist
him in the solution of those great prob
lems which are coming" up for solution;
men who will stand with him In open
ing up that great Western country.
Then the result will be that wonderful
and magnificent prosperity, to which
we are looking forward to spring up
in this Western country, and the peo
ple of California will be the first peo
ple to enjoy the profits and benefits.
(Applause.)
"The way for you to do, then, I say,
is to send men who will support and
not oppose him. The majority of Dem
ocrats and Populists in the last Con
gress, and the free silver element of
both of these parties, opposed the Pres
ident in almost everything he desired.
They opposed almost every single, soli
tary war measure save the first one,
that of voting $50,000,000 to the Presi
dent to carry on the war. All the other
great questions proposed by him they
opposed; they pulled back and ob
structed; they became filibusters.
"The result Will be, if you return that
class of men to Congress so that there
will be a majority of that class there,
to bring to a standstill the progressive
policy of the present administration for
the next two years and the President
will not be able to accomplish the great
results that have marked his adminis
tration for the past two years. Then
the thing for you to do as patriots of
your country is to return men who
stand for the grandeur and glory of
California as well as of this republic
"It is your duty to send to Congress
the kind of men who have represented
you in this district in the past; a man
who will uphold the President, a man
with a clear head and honest heart, a
man who is able, more than any of his
colleagues on the floor of Congress;
a strong, manly man, an American one
who can sustain the interests of the
country, an honor to its flag; one who
is able to help settle the great ques
tions that will confront us in the fu
ture In the deveJopment of the islands
of the Pacific seas. Such a man is the
splendid man who addressed you to
night, and you should stand by him on
the Bth of next month and return him
to Congress." (Applause.)
"The principles and policies of the Re
publican party are in favor of prosper-
ity and you should give your support
to the Republican party to insure it.
A new era is dawning. The foremost
man of the twentieth century is Wil
liam McKinley."
After the meeting Congressman Loud
and Mr. Davis were entertained and
feasted at the Saint Claire Club.
MEETING AT GRAHAM'S HALL.
One of the best meeings of the campaign
was held at Graham's Hall, on Alabama
street and Preclta avenue, last night.
John T. Graham, the leader of the Re
publican forces of the district, spared no
cost or pains In gathering every voter in
the section to his hall to hear woids of
wisdom from the leaders of the Republi
can party. The meeting- was called to or
der by Mr. Graham, who in a few appro
priate words welcomed the speakers and
the voters to the meeting. He introduced
H. S. Millzner, who saia he appeared for
the County Committee in the interest of
the Republican party of the city and
county of San Francisco. He spoke of the
principles of the party and the excellence
of the nominees put forth by that party,
all of whom would be elected beyond a
Bhadow of a doubt.
H. N. Clement, one of the nominees for
Superior Judge, was the next speaker.
He refrained from discussing the issues of
the campaign, but assured his hearers
that when elected all should have the
laws admitted fairly and equally.
Attorney General \V. F. Fitzgerald,
nominee for City and County Attorney, on
being introduced received an ovation sel
dom accorded to any candidate running
for a local office. He gave a short outline
of the platform upon which the candi
dates stood before the people, dwelling
upon that portion which assured the peo
ple the right to acquire all public utilities.
Judge D. J. Murphy, nominee for Dis
trict Attorney, was given a hearty recep
tion. The Judge, being well known in that
portion of the Mission, he was quite at
home with the boys.
H. S. Martin made a few remarks and
apologized for having to depart so soon
from such a "warm" meeting for the pur
pose of attending other meetings. He re
ceived a parting cheer as he left the hall.
What was accorded to the other canai
dates in the way of a warm reception was
but child's play to what Charles L. Pat
ton received when he made his appear
ance at 10 o'clock. He delivered a vote
catching address and fairly captured the
entire crowd. There were several men in
the body of the meeting who knew Patton
since he was a Mission boy attending tne
Mission Grammar School, and these men
were loudest in their applause, because
the big, genial man was a genial boy of
happy disposition who worked himself up
to what he is without the aid of a father's
wealth.
The following Republican candidates
were present, and each made a few ap
propriate remarks:
John Laekmann, E. L. Head, Dr. Haw
kins, A. Attridge, Thomas F. Graham. W.
A. Deane, Asa R. Wells, Edward I. Shee
han. I. J. Truman, Charles S. Tilden, R.
H. Webster, John A. Drinkhouse and A.
B. Treadwell. *
Death of Joseph. Ashford.
MARYSVILLJE, Cal., Oct. 25.— Joseph
Ashford, for many years a leading attor
ney of the bar of Yuba County, died at
the farm of his brother In Sutter Coun
ty to-day. He was a native of Canada,
aged 70 years, and a brother of W. W.
Ashford. who lives at Haywards.
MAGUIRE TALKS
TO TWO CROWDS
Colusa and Willows
Greet the Single-Taxer.
GIVEN CORDIAL RECEPTIONS
MANY DEMOCRATS ASSEMBLE
TO HEAR THEIR LEADER.
His Audience at Willows Afterward
Listens to General Salomon
Befute His Argu
ments.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUSA, Oct. 25. — Colusa gave
James G. Maguire a hearty welcome to
day. Judge Maguire and E. L. Hutchi
son drove over from Willows this after
noon and were met by a large crowd of
citizens. At the meeting later the Col
lege City Band furnished the music,
while Judge H. M. Albery presided.
The Democratic county candidates
were seated on the platform. The ap
pearance of Judge Maguire called forth
loud applause from the overflow crowd
outside and those in the hall as he
entered, accompanied by Mr. Hutchi
son, Mr. Arnold, chairman of the
County Central Committee, and other
members of the committee.
Judge Maguire was introduced by
Judge Albery with a few appropriate
remarks. His speech was along the
lines of the campaign issues embodying
his ideas regarding the single tax and
the money question.
Judge Maguire was followed by Mr.
Hutchison, who held the interest of
the audience astonishingly well under
the circumstances. He gave his views
on governmental principles, on corpor
ations, the railroads and other moneyed
institutions and their bearings upon
government and upon legislation. He
suggested remedies for the ills of the
country and urged the people to do
their duty at the polls to correct these
abuses to free humanity from the
moneyed power.
WILLOWS, Oct. 25.— Every Democrat
in this county, apparently, was in Wil
lows to-day to attend the Maguire
meeting which took place this after
noon. Maguire and Hutchison were
welccrtned with brass bands, anvil sa
lutes and cheers. Mr. Maguire talked
for an hour and a half, the major por
tion of his talk dealing with corpora
tions, principally the Southern Pacific.
An immense crowd listened to Maeruire.
and there was plenty of enthusiasm.
To-night the Republicans are holding
a rally, and many of the country peo
ple who are here to see Maguire are lis
tening to the other side as propounded
by E. L. Salomon. Mr. Salomon I- tak
ing up Maguire's speech noint for point,
and pulling the props from under the
arguments as presented by the Demo
cratic leader. The campaign is at fever
heat here.
SENATOR WHITE
AT WATSONVILLE
WATSONVILLE, Oct. 25. — Senator
White delivered a forty-minute open
air speech to about five hundred people
to-night. Notwithstanding it was one
of his best efforts he had an unusually
cold audience, winning his first ap
plause about midway of his address,
when he eloquently referred to the
Stars and Stripes.
Much of the speaker's time was de
voted to an explanation of the acts of
himself and his Democratic colleagues
in Congress with reference to the war
measures. He assured his hearers that
the Republican majority deserved con
demnation when it refused to follow
the dictates of the Democratic minor-
ity.
If it had done right everything would
have been well. His auditors were in
formed that they were pot voting for
party, that the so-called national issue
did not cut any figure and that this
was a State affair. He talked much
about the war, denounced the idea that
the Republican party was entitled to
any special credit for its conduct and
earnestly endeavored to convince the
drinkers of beer and users of tobacco
that they were defraying the expense of
the recent conflict and being ground to
the earth by taxation. He also ex
pressed the fear that the Peace Com
mission in Paris would do something
by which some one would be enabled
to make money.
The Republican party was denounced
because there is no representative mer
chant marine, and R. J. Waters, Re
publican candidate for Congress, was
referred to as a man who is making
speeches unfit to discuss or post on the
fences. He had little to say for BarloAv,
except that he was experienced and
ought not to be removed. The Populist
element wa« "jollied" handsomely, and
Shanahan and his followers were per
mitted to escape with a mild rebuke.
Mr. White then took up Maguire's
candidacy and asked: "Do you knov
Maguire?"
Despite the fact that Maeuire was
born and raised here the query
brought forth no applause. In a some
what labored effort the speaker en
deavored to satisfactorily explain Ma
guire's single tax doctrine, and told
his hearers of the difficulties the Dem
ocratic candidate would meet in en
deavoring to put his theory into prac
tice. Maguire's honesty of purpose was
dwelt upon, and voters were urged to
support that gentleman particularly be
cause of his experience in office and of
the fact that he had "a judicial mind."
Those who expected Mr. White to de
cry Henry T. Gage were grievously dis
appointed. He referred to him as a
warm friend for twenty years, and the
only reason the speaker gave why the
people should not support the Repub
lican standard bearer was that he had
"not had experience." It was a manly
speech and deserved a better reception
than was accorded it by tho Demo
crats present, considering the fact that
this is Mr. White's birthplace.
Enthusiastic Railroad Men.
The members of the Railroad Men's
Club of the Thirty-fifth District had a
rousing meeting last evening at their hall
at Twenty-ninth and Mission streets, and
were addressed upon the political situa
tion by nearly all of the Republican
municipal nominees.
The club has taken an active Interest
and part in the campaign since the be
ginning, and the 300 members who were
present at the meeting last evening were
enthusiastic over the outlook for party
success when it was pointed out to them.
Among the speakers who addressed the
meeting were Charles L. Patton, D. J.
Murphy. Henry S. Jdartln, William A.
Deane, Martin Fragley, I. J. Truman,
Dr. W. J. Hawkins, the candidates for
the judiciary and Ed Aigletlnger. They
were also addressed at length by W. H.
Cobb. who is running for the Assembly
for that district.
The club will hold another of its meet
ings ne£t week, and it is hoped that it
will have an opportunity to hear a num
ber of the State candidates who will be
in town at that time.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MNMMMMMNNNM
You can "back" Battle Ax
for all you're worth, as the winning brand of
chewing tobacco. . It wins because it is, without
exception, the common-sense purchase — when it
comes to buying chewing tobacco. Why pay
more money for less tobacco of poorer quality ?
If you have never decided to try the quality of
PLUG
now is the time to invest JOc. in the experiment.
Remember the name
when you buy again.
MAGUIRE'S LABOR
MEETING ENDS
IN A FIASCO
A Beggarly Array of
Empty Benches.
MAYOR PHELAN NOT PRESENT
GOVERNOR BUDD'S PLEA FOR
HARMONY.
Three Representatives of Labor Urge
the Election of James G.
Maguire, for Gov
ernor. /
A meeting which was announced as a
spontaneous tribute to Judge Maguire by
the worklngmen of this city was held in
Metropolitan Hall last night. It was also
announced as a preliminary meeting prior
to a big mass meeting of workingmen to
be held in the interests of Judge Maguire.
When the meeting was called to order
by W. P. Lawler the hall was well filled.
About 9 o'clock there was a movement
toward the doors and the chairman,
George Bromfield, begged them to remain
seated, as Mayor Phelan would soon make
his appearance and charm them with his
eloquence. They, however, gradually
kept leaving and before the close of the
meeting there was a beggarly array of
empty benches, not more than sixty or
seventy people being left in the hall. And
Mayor Phelan never came.
Governor Budd was the first speaker.
He thought it was eminently proper that
if corporations combined as clubs to de
feat Judge Maguire their employes should
come out in mass meetings for Maguire
and show him that he had at least as
many men supporting him as those
brought out against him by the corpora
tions of the State. The contemplated
mass meeting would be a protest that la
bor cannot be moved to vote one way at
any one's bidding. He declared that 40,
000 out of the 60,000 Populists in the State
would vote for Maguire and his election
was therefore sure. The Governor plead
ed for harmony among the Democrats to
win the victory and he pledged himself
that he would see that two years hence a
primary law would be in force for this
city.
P. H. McCarthy, who is at present
house carpenter in the California Hotel,
said that if the worklngmen wanted laws j
that would be fair and equal to all they
must have Maguire for Governor. As an \
instance of what Judge Maguire had done j
he Bald that when San Francisco had got i
more than its usual share of the "live- |
stock" at the outbreak of the late war j
(meaning soldiers), the contracts for mak
ing their uniforms was given to Chinese,
and the matter was submitted to Wash- ;
ington and Judge Maguire fought It out I
in the halls of Congress. "JinV' Phelan.
be said, was attacked by the press for not j
being a friend of labor, but he knew per- i
sonally that the charge was unfounded
and "Jim" had done everything to raise i
the downtrodden peopie.
John H. Marble of the Printers' Union
spoke of the initlati%'e and referendum
and urged the laboring men to vote for
Maguire and Barry, who believed in them.
He said it had gone forth from Fourth
and Townsend that four candidates must
be defeated at all costs and they were
Maguire, Barry, Hinton and Dunn, but I
the workingmen would see that these men
were not defeated.
Herman Gutstadt, ex-president of the
Federated Trades, said Maguire held a
more prominent position than any other
man in the United States as a friend of ■
the laboring classes, and hundreds of
thousands in the East were watching the
result of his contest for the gubernatorial
chair.
By this time the hall was almost empty
and as there was no sign of the coming
of Mayor Phelan, Everett I. Woodman,
candidate for State Printer, was put for
ward to fUI the breach. He talked for a
few minutes on the benefits of organiza
tion, but as it was dull work he cut hia
remarks short.
James Donovan was called upon for a
sor.g. He sang and sang again, but Phe
lan did not come. W. M. Hinton consent
ed to talk for a few minutes, but he soon
gave out and after a hurried consultation
among those on the platform, it was de
cided to wait no longer for the Mayor and.
the few remaining people rose from their
seats and walked out.
Independent Democrats.
An enthusiastic meeting of the Inde
pendent Democrats of the Thirty-fourth
Assembly District was held at Fox'a Hall,
Fifteenth and Guerrero streets last even-
Ing. Speeches were made by several
members and resolutions were passed de
claring in favor of open primaries and de
nouncing the methods adopted by the
present and self-styled bosses of the Dem
ocratic party as being against all prin
ciples of Democracy. The following 1 reso
lution was adopted by a rising- vote:
Whereas, The principles of the Demo
cratic party have always been in favor of
rewarding faithful and honest public ser
vants; and that that past records may
be a guarantee for their future, therefor©
be It
Resolved, That we. the Independent
Democrats of the Thirty-fourth Assembly
District, recognize the honesty and ability
of the following candidates as our repre
sentatives: A. C. Freese for Public Ad
ministrator, William A. Deane for Coun
ty Clerk, and that sterling Native Son,
H. S. Martin, for Sheriff.
Bear Club Ratification
The Bear Club will hold a ratification
meeting on Friday evening In B'nai B'rith
Hall, and the committee are making great
preparations for the event. The members
and their friends will be out in force on
the occasion, and the veteran Republican
club of California will Btir things. Con
gressman Loud, Julius Kahn, ex-Judga
van R. Paterson and others will make
short addresses. Popular "William A.
Deane, the people's choice for County
Clerk, School Director Ed L.. Head. Judge
Joachimsen. A. B. Treadwell, I. J. Tru
man, all members of the club, will be
present and bow to the public. Charles L.
Patton will make a short talk.
Golden Gate Republican Club.
The Golden Gate Republican Club met
last night at 274 Stevenson street, M. H.
Morgan presiding.
Mr. Edwards, the Republican nominee
for the Board of Equalization, spoke at
some length. Charles P. Kennaily enter
tained the club with a speech. Other
speakers were J. J. Cronan and Frank
Britt.
Friends of Henry Martin.
The Republicans of the Thirty-first DJi
trict formed a Henry S. Martin Club last
evening at Gambrien Hall, 1139 Mission
street. The following officers were elect
ed: James Lawler, president; John Hen
nessy, vice president; John Ryan, secre
tary; William Tierney, aergeant at arm*.
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM /.
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
HEAD SWIM
**•*•*•** HEAD SWIM
* HUDYAN J HEAD SWIM
I CURES * HEAD SWIM
{**♦**♦* HEAD SWIM
A SWIMMING SENSATION IN THE HEAD,
the necessity to hold to pillar or post only
for a second, shows there is something th«
matter with the man. :
What Is the Matter?
Undoubtedly the Individual Is afflicted with
some form of liver disorder. It maybe worse:
it may be nervous debility or some form of
nervous disorder. If you are in this condition
you can use with safety the Hudyan Remedy
treatment. You can ret Hudyan only from
the Hudson Doctors.
"Write or call.
Hudyan cures Spermatorrhea, Nervous, Men-
tal or Physical Debility and the peculiar
diseases and disabilities of man. v
Circulars Free
30-DAY CUBE— — -First. secondary or
30-DAY CUKB tertiary form of blood
30-DAVCURE troubles can be cured
30-DAY CUBK— with 30-day Blood Cure.
Write for Circulars.
lin Medical Institute,
Junction Stockton, Market and Ellis Sts.-
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
; Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.
Consult Hudson Doctors Free.SUPERVISOR DEVANY
TO MAYOR PHELAN
Some Queries That Are of
Interest to Voters.
A Few Facts About
Gas Rates and
Street Paving.
Supervisor Lawrence Devany has ad
dressed an open letter to Mayor Phelan
which contains some queries and state
ments of fact that are of particular in
terest at the present moment to the
voters of San Francisco. The part the
Mayor has played in recent events of a
public nature is fully dealt with and
serve to place Mr. Phelan in an en
tirely new light as a public official.
Mr. Devany has taken the public into
his confidence in this matter and it is
to be hoped the Mayor, in his reply,
•will be equally as generous, as the sub
ject matter of the communication deals
with matters that are of peculiar in
terest to the voters of this city. The
letter follows:
SAN FRANCISCO. Oct. 25, 1898.
Hon. J. D. Phelan— Sir: In reading
forae of your speeches I observe you have
made many statements which go far to
convince me that whatever acquaintance
you have • • • with truth was not
made through the formality of an intro
duction.
Among other things which I will touch
on directly In your speech before the Non-
Partisan convention you said: "Mr.
Pevany on every square issue that af
fected the interests of the people voted
against the people." Will you kindly
state any vote recorded against me in the
Board of Supervisors which was against
the Interests of the people? Don't In
dulge in glittering generalities, but name
the vote — the record is open. You also
say: "Mr. Devany was a great disap
pointment to his friends." You are only
guessing at this, as you have no means
of knowing, as my friends in the clubs
are not numerous enough to justify you In
forming an opinion. If you had access to
those who have to work for a living— the
carpenters, for instance — who you think
ought to be satisfied with one dollar for
a day's wages, you might be able to as
certain how much of a disappointment I
am to my friends. Or you might try this
statement on the wheelmen, reminding
. of the fact that through their
unanimous support I received the largest
of any Supervisor. Ask them if
their demands for good streets and the
"repavlng of Market street" has been car
ried out to suit them, and to whom they
give credit for this work.
I see you are still coquetting with the
water question In spite of the kindly ad
vice the Supreme Court gave you in that
matter. But I suppose you must have
some amusement to relieve the arduous
cares of office. You also touch on the
■ie Jipht scandal." If there had
been «l> election there would be no scan
dal.
Perhaps the public would like to know
the history of this "scandal." The speci
fications for lighting the public streets
were approved by the entire board. The
cations were advertised and bids
invited. The only bid— that of the San
Francisco Gas and Electric Company
was approved of and the contract award
ed to that company by the unanimous
vote of the board. The contract was sent
to you for your approval. You held the
contract the full legal length of time, re
turning it to the board without your ap
proval. You gave as your reasons that
in consequence of the board refusing the
Mutual Electric Company permission to
erect poles and wires that this company
was prevented from bidding. You omitted
to state that the board had refused the
same privilege to the Bay State Electric
Light Company, the Market Street Rail
way Company, the Spring Valley Water
Works, the Western Union Telegraph
Company, the Life Saving Station and all
other applicants, for the reason, with
which you singularly coincided, that the
board was opposed to the further erection
of poles and wires.
Had the board granted the petition of
the Mutual Electric Company there were
a dozen concerns having power to spare
ready to ask the board for the same priv
ilege. I will let it rest with the pub
lic whether the board acted unwisely in
refusing to permit the erection of any
more poles and wires. You state, when
ever you get an opportunity, that the
Mutual Company promised a saving of
540,000 on the lighting contract, but fall
to state that the charge for lighting this
year is about 10 per cent less than the
price last year, an actual, not a promised,
saving of nearly, if not quite, $40,000.
Your advice to the board to reject all
bids and await the decision of the Su
pierior Court in the case of the Mutual
Electric Company against the Board of
Supervisors would have plunged the city
in darkness had it been followed, as the
board has no power to purchase light ex
cept by inviting bids. Throwing the city
in darkness might have suited the pur
poses of your campaign, but I doubt if the
people generally would approve of such
action. I observe that you are very
solicitous about the welfare of the Mu
tual Electric Company, ignoring the fact
that there are other companies entitled
to as much consideration as the Mutual
Company. But. perhaps they are not as
close up to you.
But your latest veto affecting the pay
ment to the Gas and Electric Light Com
pany for payment of Its bill under this
contract is unique for the reasons given
therein. You claim that Supervisor liot
tanzi has no vote in the Council for the
reason that he holds a Federal position,
which is incompatible with the municipal
office to which he was elected. That Su
pervisor Rottanzi was unwise enough —
you would argue — to offer his services to
his country in time of need he should,
for that reason, be excluded from the
enjoynjent of the honors conferred upon
him by his fellow citizens. If all our
citizens were imbued with the intense
Americanism which you seem to possess
what a glorious ending the war would
have had— for Spain.
You n»-xt take up the question of the
repaying of Market street— for which you
take the full credit. It has been stated
in the press quite recently that scientists
nave bu< ceeded in liquifying air. and that
the product is exiremely powerful, and if
not properly handled very dangerous. In
reading tliis the thought struck me that
your unparalleled success in manipulat
ing Boards of Supervisors and nominat
ing conventions might have been Instru
mental In causing the same startling ef
fect on your gall. With the possession
of a liquified gall It is easily conceivable
how you can lay claim to the credit of
having paved Market street, or of hav
ing accomplished anything during your
business administration to which you, or
any one else, can "point with pride."
You know you can truthfully tell the
public that you had nothing to do with
this work— did not encourage it— ln fact,
quietly opposed the use of California bi
tuminous rock In favor of the wooden
block pavement, which has proved an ut
ter, and to the taxpayer, an expensive,
failure. You complain that asphalt and
other "meritorious pavements" are ex
cluded from the street specifications. The
specifications now are the same as when
this board took office, and if the other
"meritorious pavements" are not includ
ed in the specifications it is because the
champions of these particular pavements
did not have faith enough in their lasting
qualities to accept the offer of the
Street Committee to put down experi
mental blocks at their own expense, lou
evidently have been more successful than
the board in succeeding in having an ex
perimental block of wooden pavement
laid.
The public is too familiar with the .all
ure of wooden block paving in this city—
a failure which has cost the taxpayers
thousands upon thousands of dollars— to
hazard any more experiments in this line.
It might be well to state that asphalt
pavements and bituminous rock pave
ments are the same thing-after they are
laid. There Is a difference, however, in
the preparation before the pavement is
laid. Asphalt Is artificially mixed, where
as bituminous sand rock is laid on the
street in the same state that it comes
from the hand 01 nature. In your speech
you state "with reference to keeping the
streets clean, I believe you pledged your
nominees to look carefully after that.
Th.- streets have been carefully looked
after. Then. too. the streets have been
much improved during the last two
years." You might have added, if you
cared to enlighten the convention, that,
with the exception of the writer, the
nominees of the Non-Partisan party vot
ed against every proposition for the
cleaning of streets; the repavlng of Mar
ket street, and the award of contracts for
the repair of bituminous rock streets—
this latter contract effecting a saving of
many thousands of dollars to the city,
and being the first systematic attempt at
repairing the bituminous rock streets yet
made.
"It is understood that there is a com
bination in the Board of Supervisors in
the interest of that particular pavement
(bituminous rock), and that all other
pavements, no matt&r how meritorious.
Including California asphalt pavements,
are excluded. This California asphalt
was offered when Market street was
about to be paved at a price very little
greater than that asked for bitumen."
For the ii.Tormation of your convention
I submit the figures which, in the hurry
and bustle of the moment, I presume you
omitted:
City Street Improvement Company, for
bituminous rock, $15,000.
Alcatraz Asphalt Paving Company, for
asphalt, $26,241 30.
A difference of JU.2-J1 30, or nearly 75 per
cent in favor of bituminous rock. It Is
rather fortunate for the city that an un
derstanding did not exist in the board In
favor of asphalt pavements.
"I have had some definite information
upon the subject of this understanding in
the board, but it is of such a character
that I cannot state as facts what I have
learned."
I would suggest that your public ut
terances during this campaign scarcely
justifies the public in expecting you to
state facts.
"I do not know what else I can tell you
that has occurred during the adminis
tration that will be of interest, except the
matter of unseating the Board of Super
visors. As to that, I think the chairman
of your convention knows even more
about it than I."
I do not wonder at your endeavoring
to drag in the chairman of the conven
tion or anybody else to share with you
the "honors" of that disgraceful affair.
The despicable part you took in that
matter is of public record, so need not
be dwelt on further. I can fully under
stand your protest at the delay of the
Supreme Court in rendering a decision in
this case and am pained to observe the
obtuseness of the press and people on
your position In this matter. If the pub
lic will go back to the period of the dis
cussion of the "water question" it will
remember that you took very decided
grounds in advising the board that so
long as the investigation was commenced
in February it might be prolonged to
the end of June. This opinion of yours
seems to have been concurred in by the
Supreme Court, and it is only human na
ture to expect that you should be eager
to have your opinion finally confirmed by
the highest tribunal of t .ie State. I
think, however, you were injudicious in
calling on the court in so public a man
ner. Had you telephoned the court with
a polite but linn request — mentioning
your name of course — to "rush" the de
cision, there is no question in my mind
that you, would have met with equal
if not greater success than you did by
your sandlot appeai.
I was spmewhat disappointed at the ac
count you gave of your "stewardship"
to the Democratls nominating convention.
I really thought your Heftiness would de
scend from the lofty perch you occupied
while addressing the Non-Partisan party,
but you maintained the same dizzy alti
tude before the Democratic convention.
I thought, for instance, that instead of
abusing every official, both elected and
appointed, you might have entertained
the convention with what you yourself
had done during the term of your busi
ness administration. You might have dis
pelled the tradition which still lingers
in the Tax Collector's office of that visit
of yours, and of the embarrassment
which followed when you discovered that
you had wandered into a strange place
and of your subsequent apologies for your
intrusion. You could have stated the re
sults of your visits to the various insti
tions over which you are supposed to
extend your watchful care— for instance
the engine houses, jails and quasi public
institutions. When the FMnance Commit
tee of the Board of Supervisors last paid
a visit to the public institutions it was
pleased to observe that although you had
not up to that time paid them a visit, yet
with rare thoughtfulness you sent your
portrait to one of the reformatories for
the adornment of the reception room.
While the sending of the portrait might
not conform to the letter of the law,
which requires your personal investiga
tion of all public and quasi public insti
tutions, still I do not think there are any
who are so censorious as to find fault
with your action in this particular in
stance.
You failed to make any mention of the
guessing contest you so successfully car
ried out in the Treasurers office, your
guess, though $118,000 short, was by far
the closest of any submitted. The
"Weekly Satellite" (the number contain
ing your portrait), in Its able editorial de
nouncing as malicious and false the
charge that in the contest you endeavored
to "See and Count," Instead of "heft" as
the conditions required, does you full jus
tice, when it further says: "That such
charges could only emanate from the de
based brain of some driveling editor who
has some two-bit contest of his own. We
have known Mr. Phelan since we were
boys; have played marbles with him and
we state without fear of successful con
tradiction that any one who says he
would take an unfair advantage of any
one is misinformed wrong." That you
have won the prize Is admitted by every
one and it now only remains for the ref
eree, the venerable Deacon Fitch, to pre
sent you to His Honor Judge Wallace to
receive It. That the Supreme Court will
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, lfr9S.
deprive you of it, I think you need not
have the slightest fear, as you won fairly
and squarely.
I see you are trying to oil up the Sun
set District people after having vetoed
the bill for engineer's fees for the sewer
thus preventing its construction. You re
member you vetoed this bill on the ground
that the charge was excessive. This was
several months ago. But when a delega
tion from the Sunset Club came to you a
short time since you promised not to veto
the bill, but would let it become a law
without your signature. You kept your
word all right, but what puzzles me is
this: If the bill was excessive and ex
orbitant a few months ago why should
It not be just as excessive and exorbitant
now. Surely it cannot be because the
elections are close at hand and that there
are some votes in the Sunset District.
I observe that some of the papers take
exception to your wearing a "plug" hat.
I don't see where there can be any ob
jection to this practice, as it is the cus
tom with all club men. There is nothing
snobbish in this. It is not as if you
parted your name in the middle. For
Instance you might some of these days
be signing yourself J. Dennis Phelan— and
even to this I suppose you will find a
few foolish objectors. Yours, etc.,
LAWRENCE DEVANY.
PHELAN AT NORTH BEACH.
Democratic Candidates Address a
Meeting in the Forty-Fourth
Assembly District.
The Democrats of the Forty-fourth As
sembly District met In Bersaglieri Hall
last night. The chief speakers of the
evening were Mayor Phelan, Bert Schles
inger, Franklin K. Lane and Barclay
Henley. Unfortunately for Mr. Phelan
he was late in arriving, and as Barclay
Henley had just had the platform the
hall was pretty well emptied. Dr. Wash
ington Dodge had intended making Nt.
speech, but when he arrived and found
Henley talking he started out in search
of another meeting, remarking that he
did not care to talk to empty chairs.
Mr. Schlesinger was the first speaker.
He started with James G. Maguire and |
went right through the ticket. While i
he had good words for all the Democratic |
candidates, he had nothing to say against
those on the Republican ticket, except
that they were untried. He did harp for
a time on the monopoly string, but could
find no possible way of connecting the
names of the Republican nominees with
any of the corporations. Richard P. Doo_
lan was then presented and promised
that the streets of North Beach would
be his particular care. Franklin K.
Lane took the platform and almost wept
as he spoke of the terrible calamitic-s
which would fall upon the city if the
Republican candidates were elected and,
incidentally, promised a revolution in the
City Hall should he be cnosen as City
and County Attorney. He could not see
how those untried and terrible Repub
lican standard bearers could ever be
elected.
To a rapidly diminishing audience Bar
clay Henley then » began to tell of the
unquestioned honesty of every Democrat
on the ticket, and said that Phelan's de
feat would be proof that man's capacity
for self-government is a failure.
Mayor Phelan finally arrived and was
given a hearty welcome by a crowd of
small boys equipped with fish horns and
police whistles, who had monopolized one
corner of the gallery. His speech was
the same old story. He held up his re
cord during the past two years as some
thing beyond reproach and threatened
the downfall of the gas and water com
panies if re-elected. He also placed him
self on record as being the best friend
the poor workingman ever had.
Short spoechf-s were made by Dr. Ice
land, Jeremiah Deanr, Flnlay Cook. T. F.
Bonnet, Rhodes Borden and Lewis F. By
ington.
Addressed the Sailors.
Democrats held a mass meeting at
Sailors' Union Hall, at East and Mission
streets, last night. There was a fair
attendance and a number of municipal
candidates were on the platform. Mayor
Phelan addressed his remarks principal
ly to the sailors, and claimed that the
success of the party would mean the
growth of an immense commercial trade j
for the port of San Francisco. He again i
referred to the newspapers as doing him '
serious wrong, and urged that it was !
necessary for him to appear before the
people to counteract their injurious
statements.
Washington Dodge, candidate for As
sessor, told the sailors how he would
heap taxation upon the corporations and
lessen their burdens. He was followed
by E. L. Fitzgerald, Rhodes Borden, i
James N. Block, John A. Brown, William i
M. Hlnton, John P. Dunn, Judge Conlan,
Lawrence Hoey, H. B. Andrews, Bernard
Bienenfield, Frank J. Murasky, L. F. By
ington, F. K. Lane, E. P. Mogan arid T.
F. Bonnet.
Edward Holland Club.
Saturday night the Edward Holland Re
publican Club was formed in the parlors
of the Commercial Hotel. The meeting
was called to order by Harry Lewis, act
ing as chairman. Following are the
names of the officers selected: President,
Gabriel Jacobs; secretary, H. Marks;
treasurer, R. I. Wren; sergeant at arms,
F. Sellinger. Edward Holland, nominee
for Supervisor, First Ward, on the Re
publican, Non-Partisan and Citizen's Re
publican tickets, spoke briefly, alluding to
the coming election as a most important
one.
Colored Republicans.
The Forty-third Assembly District Col
ored Republican Club held a meeting at
11 Stockton street Monday night. After
the usual business was transacted the
club adjourned to attend the meeting of
the Afro-American League. The league
was addressed by the Hon. Charles L.
Patton and John Neamoore of Los An
geles.
Julius Kahn Club.
The Julius Kahn Republican Club of
the Thirty-first district met Monday night
at Tierney's Hall. About sixty new mem
bers signed the roll. Thomas Graham.
William A. Deane, M. L. Tierney and Ed
Holland addressed the meeting, and re
ceived a rousing reception. The club de
cided to attend the Gage and Neff parade
in a body.
Meeting of Republicans.
The Twenty-third Assembly District
Republican Club will hold a meeting on
Thursday evening at Potrero Opera
House. Charles L. Patton and other cai^
didates will make addresses. It is ex
pected that the meeting will be the larg
est ever held In the district.
Judge Louderback.
As the election campaign progresses
interest in the selection of Superior
Judges increases. There are four to be
elected. Among the various candidates
Judge Louderback is eminently fitted
to occupy the Superior Court bench. He
was Police Judge some years ago, but
voluntarily retired from the position.
He made one of the best Police Judges
that San Francisco ever had, and his
record was pure and honorable. Un
der his administration life and prop
erty were protected and crime and vice
suppressed. His public, private and
professional life and character have
been pure and excellent. There are
various reasons why Judge Davis Lou
derback should be elected. He is a
foe to vice and crime and the low and
vile are combining against him. He
will not be owned nor controlled by
corporations nor monopolies, but will
decide all matters according to the
right of the case. He is the candidate
of the p*eople who want to place the
courts beyond the power of corpora
tions, politicians and ringsters.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
■writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in. next Sunday's Call.
PATTON MAKES
MORE SPEECHES
TO WORKINGMEN
Another Big Meeting
on the South Side.
SHORT PARLEYS IN ORDER
NEW CHARTER AND PUBLIC
UTILITIES THE THEME.
All of the Republican Municipal Can
didates Gather at a Bally at
Twenty-Seventh and Ala
bama Streets.
There was another booming Republi
can meeting on the "sunny side" of
Market street last evening, to which
over 300 of the men employed at the dif
ferent car shops and factories in that
district turned out to hear the Republi
can nominees on principles and pledges.
The meeting took place at a hall on
the corner of Twenty-seventh and Ala
bama streets, and though the quarters
were too crowded for comfort, there
was no dearth of enthusiasm.
All of the prominent candidates and
able speakers of the party were on
hand, and though the speeches were for
the most part of no great length they
were well received and went farther
in the way of influence than would
have the same number of lengthier ad
dresses.
Charles L. Patton spoke to his hear
ers of the possibilities that would ex
ist under the new charter. Public own
ership of public utilities, he said, would
be not only a possibility but a proba
bility. The gas and water and the
street car companies to which this city
under present conditions pays such
large tribute could,' under the provis
ions of the new charter, be forced to
content themselves with four or five
per cent of profit rather than the enor
mous rate that they demand to-day.
Gradually, he said, the city and the
people would come to the possession of
these utilities themselves. "You have
elected to live under that charter," said
Mr. Patton, "and no man or set of men
have the right to say that you shall
not. If I am elected I shall certainly
see to it to the extent that I can that
no man or set of men does deprive
us of that right." Mr. Patton also
stated that he is confident that this city
can be run at an expense that will not
exceed a rate of $1 on every hundred
of the assessed valuation of $350,000,000,
and he proposed to conduct municipal
business on the same careful and eco
nomical lines that he wouid a business
of his own.
D. J. Murphy, who is out against the
Mexican "Sword of Damocles" for Dis
trict Attorney, spoke in his usual stir
ring manner and was frequently inter
rupted by the hearty applause of his
hearers. He spoke not only in his own
behalf but as well for his fellows on the
ticket. He referred to his record on the
bench in this county and his twenty
four years in public life and defied any
of his opponents to bring aught against
him that had not been honest and
above board.
Henry Martin ambled In with a smile
for self and Kahn, "who could not be
there," and said that he had not come
to make a speech but to get better ac
quainted. After proposing three cheers
for him, which were liberally bestowed.
Justice of the Peace Barry partly filled
the space he had occupied, and in one
of his graceful speeches explained his
theories of justice, and "aye an earm-st
pledge of fealty to the constitution and
the people whose suffrages he is seek
ing.
I. J. Truman was introduced, and said
that if elected, one of his first official
acts would be to abolish the "hefting"
practice now in vogue in the Treas
urer's office. He said that his friend,
Asa Wells, "who will be the next Audi
tor," will have the duty of counting the
cash that will come under the care of
the Treasurer, and he thought that with
him and Mr. Patton to supervise the
proceeding the people could he reason
ably sure of eventually getting their
share at least of the public funds.
William A. Deane did not need either
introduction or exposition. He was
greeted with hearty cheers and after
a. few words was allowed to go on to
the next meeting.
Thomas F. Graham Judge Low.
Judge Joachimsen and A. B. Treadwell.
who are listed for Police Judges, were
introduced, and acknowledging Judicial
dignity, said only enough to assure
their hearers that their principles were
right.
Coroner Hawkins spoke for only a
minute. He said that he thoueht his
administration had been indorsed by
his renomination to the office that he
has filled during the past two years.
ADVEB.TISEME.SriB. ; /;; :': < V,"* ">'*'*'
J0»ooc«o0i30ooo.jp00fi00000o00aso0oofioaa
FEELS LIKEANEW MAN
■.■'/ - . .■ — ■ ■■ •'■' '
ARE YOU WEAK? /
It is grand to feel strong, humiliating to feel weak. , If you are
weak Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will cure you. It will make you
strong; it will steady your nerves and check all waste of power In
thirty days. It is a grand cure for all weakness, whatever the
muse. Call :- and test this wonderful Belt. See what It has done for
others; 10,000 cures.: Try D.r. Sanden's Electric Belt _if you are
weak. If you can't call, send for Dr. Sanden's famous book. 7. hre _ e
Classes of Men," which is free. Call or write to-day. Do not put it off.
Address
DR. A. X. SANDEN,
702 Kirket Strut, Otnar Sitraj, Su Fraatiin.
Office hours. I a. m. to t p. m. ; Sundays, 19
to 1. Branches at Los Acgalea, Cal., 232 West
Second ktreet: Portland, Or., VA Washington
street- Denver, Colo.. 921 Sixteenth street;
Dallas. Tex.. SSS Main street; Butto. Mont..
Up. North Main street.
and he merely wished to renew the
promises that he had made during the
preceding campaign.
W. H. Cobb, who is out for the As
sembly from the Thirty-fifth District,
delivered one of the best speeches of
the evening. He drew attention to the
unusual economic conditions that exist j
in this country and the success of the \
Republican administration in coping ;
with them. He arsrued for a Congress ;
and a Senate that would uphold the
President in his future plans and indose
his past action, and he pointed out the
necessity of electing t'tate legislators |
who were of the same sympathy and i
politics.
Nearly all of the candidates were
heard and given the heartiest applause
before the meeting was adjourned.
POLL TAX AS
AN ISSUE IN
THE CAMPAIGN
A Collector Talks of
His Experience.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 25.
The poll tax has been brought into the
present campaign by the independent can
didate for the Assembly, William J.
Schmidt, who pledges himself to intro
duce a bill into the Legislature to stop
the collection of poll tax. There is not
much chance for Mr. Schmidt's election,
as the Republican nominee, A. A. Mc-
Keon Is making a winning fight, but the
poll tax matter is receiving much atten
tion.
John A. Foster, who has made a record
on a poll tax collector, published the fol
lowing statement this evening:
Having read with a great deal of attention
ami interest the different articles published on
the poll tax question, and noting that corre
spondents are either unable or unwilling to
give the real reason why the tax is so un
popular, I thought 1 would give my experience
as poll tax collector four years ago. When I
was appointed by Henry Dalton as poll tax
collector in March. 1894, I told him if he
wanted his personal or political friends spared
to appotnt surne other man, as if he appointed
me 1 would know neither friend nor foe in the \
matter. His answer was: "That is the kind !
of man I want; one that will do his whole i
duty."
1 started in to collect the tax. I found that
the office-holders, county and city, almost to
a man, refused to pay. They stated to me that
they hail always been exempt and did not pro
pose to pay anyway. I started In and attached
the salaries of the officials of the Police. Fire ;
und Street departments in the city, a Judge
of the Superior Court and several county ofri
cials, and finally brought them all to time.
That is one reason why the tax is so unjust
and unpopular. Why should the poor sewer
digger be forced to pay and the high-salaried
official go free? One president of a bank in
Oakland refused to pay until I threatened to
seize the furniture of the hank for his poll
tax. An ex-Judge of this county, who sat on
the bench many years, informed me that he
had never even been asked for his poll tax
in all the years he / had been in Oakland. I
doubt very much wnethf-r you could find a me
cbanic or laboring man in this city who would :
say the same.
I believe that If the tax was collected fairly
from every man who was able to pay, without
respect to his position in society or his political
affiliations, you would hear very little" com
plaint against the tax. The object of the tax
is a good one, as it goes to the maintenance
of our public schools, less, of course, the 15
per cent commission for collecting. And let
me say right here, the abuse the poll tax col
lector receives is such that I would not ac
cept the position again for twice the- salary.
In conclusion let me say the poll tax. ae it
is enforced in nearly every' county in this State,
is a curse to the poor man. as he and he alone
Is made to pay it. JOHN A. FOSTER.
1924 Filbert street, i
There is some dissatisfaction over the
manner in which the party designations
of the different candidates appear on the
official ballot. In each instance the fu
sionists are first classified as "People's
party." then "Democrats" and so on. The
Democrats have made some objection to,
this and claim that their party name
should take precedence. This view of the
matter does not suit the Populists, who do
not see why they are not as deserving of
prominence as the Democrats. A delega
tion of candidates visited the County
Clerk's office anil asked to have the or
der changed, and it is possible that the
alphabetical rule will prevail.
This evening there was a united rally
of the Young Men's Republican Club and
the regular Seventh Ward Republican
Club at Castle Hall. The attendance was
very large.
Ex-Assemblyman Bretz is constantly in
receipt of letters from all parts of the
State stating that the straight Populists
Intend to vote for Gage, as by killing the
fusion candidates off the foundation for
some permanent reforms may oe laid.
Big Republican Meeting.
The regular weekly meeting of the
Fortieth Assembly District Republican
Club will be held at the club's hall, south
west corner of Post and Fillmore streets,
at 8 o'clock this evening. Most of those
prominent on the Republican municipal
ticket will be present to tell the truth, as
they see it, and to meet the voters of the
district on their own ground. An inter
esting evening will no doubt be the result,
and it behooves those who have been un
fortunate enough not to have heard the
candidates speak previously to be present.
Ninety-Eight Republican Club.
The '9S Republican Club held a very
large meeting at Cadets' Hall, 335 McAl
lister street, last evening. A communi
cation was read from the Bear Club in
viting the '98 Republican Club to attend
its mass meeting next Friday evening.
By unanimous vote the club decided to
attend In a body. I. B. McFarland was
indorsed for Supreme Judge. Clarence
Gray in his remarks spoke very highly of
John D. Siebe, Henry S. Martin, Charles
L. Patton and Henry T. Gage.
Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt Makes
a Remarkable Cure in Two
Months.
He filled his nerves with the
fire of life every night for two
months, gradually building up his
vitality. Every day he grew
stronger, and now he is full of
youth, full of energy, a strong and
vigorous man.
Read What Be Says :
CHICO, Cal., . . , *
DR. SANDEN— Dear Sir: Ovek two
months ago I purchased one of your
Electric Belts. I have worn It regularly
since then, and It has cured me of vital
weakness of three years" standing. It
has made me aa well and strong as a
person naed be. Before purchasing the
Belt I was not able to do much work.
Now I can do as much as any other rain.
You are at liberty to use this testimony
as you desire. Yours respectfully,
JAMES WRIGHT.
NOT IN DRUG STORES.
Dr. Panden's Electric Belt
la ntrer sold In drug stor**
nor br traveling agents; onijr
at our efflc*.
»- «
S ADVFRTISEJIIENT^^ ■ __^^,
iiyiaiiiiiiiiiiiiiii lll «^ IM^^- 4M " ll ' MaM " MIIW ' 11 '"^ "ffT™™—^""
Coming — Thanksgiving. Arrived fine table linens.
JohnWanamaker, the prince "
oi dry-goods merchants, ad- .
TTartioD^ on October llth last: "This is'
" iclllotu "a store where you buy with"
"safety; for instance-worthy goods, California"
"blankets of pure wool, both warp and filling/'
"whose very appearance suggests warmth and"
"comfort."
Hale's have talked "good goods" so persistently, and now
we let you see that the great New lark and Philadelphia
merchant believes in California blankets, too! We've other
lines equally good; we would like you to inspect our stock.
We welcome both the buyer and others who come to find out
what's what— students !
Vkla«b-ck+c Native Sons', of pure Jigrirlk'ArPliipfc'V o dozen , chll-
DlanKetS .i ec ted wool, both in IlclllUK.t}l ClllCia tiren 3 colored
warp and filling. 72x54 inches, Cgt and white border hemstitched Q c
5 Ib weight, silk bound, pink.*!'*' . handkerchiefs... ***■'
and blue borders pair or. 3oc per dozen. each
niV»V»rm all pure silk ribbon in lat-
IIUUUII est colors, taffeta, satin
„, - v___ „ ,= \ and gros grain ribbon: it is our best
f»n<!P<s' P lllow oases, , a 1, m m L' quality, and what we advertise we
t/ttaca heavy quality muslin, two- , 2 JTer place on our counters and
inch hem for all size. 4ox3t> "T q sell The following are the prices on
pillows (while they last). each . all sllk plain and moire taffeta rib-
50x36, 9c, 04x36, lie each bons:
No. 7 No. 9 No. 12 No. 16 No. 22
8- 3 lOe 12' 2C2 C 150 15c yard
«V,o«+inr» 10-* width full 90 No. 40 No. 60 No. 80
SneeUllg inches wide. IQ c 18% e 250 300 yard
heavy in quality, strong at-**' (See window display for satin and
traction J ard | v os grain.)
no ladies' black boucle cape; front
, . , u v»<tpc an d storm collar trimmed, with
HflTyiJ»<;k table damask, unbleach- thibet fur; lined with Farmer
UcUllctoiV ed> 56 inches Cyfir- satin; inside pocket; comfort-
wide, extra good value, -*"^~: able; length 27 inches; sizes 32 <CJ5t
Hale's "good goods" yard to 42 OO "
iopVot ladles' black small curled
, . , JdtAOt boucle jacket, box front;
rlway^om/ Japanese tinseled drap- back and front trimmed with
Uid-pcljr ery in rich de- PLr\ \ fancy shaped straps of broad-
signs in six colorings, 27 inches **** i cloth; high storm collar; 32 to CO
wide ••• y ard 38 . • *&*>
! qT nnn pint bottle double distilled
UdXiCtdl itch hazel ....25c
Veiling iTTuxedo^ndMilinene"!; ! 2 oz. Colgate's (chemically pure)
chenille and soufle dotted 5 c glycerine .....10c
and plain, strong value in «-**■' 2 oz. Hudnut camphorated
brown, navy and cream yard chalk tooth powder 25c
27x21 inch chamois skin 50c
2 oz. bottle superior sewing ma-
, chine oil 5c
kid gIOVeS bsutb 5 u tt d o°n en sue a d d e leS and Saratoga shoe dressing 10c
elacekid gloves, size 5% only. PCft/- ' Society tints writing paper; 24
read l carefully-in size 5% OUC i sheets paper, 24 envelopes hel-
only-tobe offered to-day.... pair | iotrope. azure, cream, pink..... 15c
Frisco's busy store— 937 to 947 Market St.— opposite Mam
meet there!
§FOR SHIRTS, UNDER-
IV $M WEAR and MEN'S and
|rT BOYS CLOTHING.
We offer exceedingly low
prices and a large, fine stock.
Special values this week:
Royal Derby Ribbed Pure "Wool Under-
wear, worth regularly 51 50— CM QO
this week, per garment v " v
Excellent values In fine Natural Fleece
Underwear per garment gQ Q^g
Boys' nobby Top Coats, tan and dark
brown, an established value at <DQ Cf)
$5— this week :.:..:. **■ -■•""_
Boys' Three-Piece Suits, the best suits
ever offered for the mon- $j[ # 35
Men's English Covert Cloth Overcoats
that have been selling for 0»7 AK
512 50— this week tff ' lu
Weekly Call, $1.50 per Year
A card engraver and designer who lives in Brooklyn, says I
" I work steadily all day in a downtown office in New York.
Often when I get through at night, I am tired and faint at my
stomach. I suppose my stomach is tired too. Anyway I feel
hungry and I am apt to eat too much supper, and the conse-
quence is I frequently used to have a bad stomach all night
and a head on me the next doming. But I have lately found
that if I take a
after my supper, it digests all right- Whenever my stomach
has extra work to do, the Tabule takes hold and helps lik*
a hired man._"
00 00000000 O OOQ
o w PALACE **'%
%GRAND
q BAH FHAHCI9CO. 2
~J Connected by a covered passageway. *f
O 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. Q
: O All Under One Management. 0
O NOTE THE PRICES: . Q
_. European an. SI. OO per day and upward Zj
W American Plan. s3.oo per day and upward «
0 Correspondence Solicited. Q
q JOZr, C. KIEEFA7EIOE, Xusger. „
! ftp O OO OQQQQQQOQQ O
a rrs^ VITA I IQ
TOL^vlni illMtlO
lJtDay. O«HL^*®X '^.4©^ CDCMPU
Wt3T 10th Day. •» *4$L~, 3L iIICIIUiIib
YITALIS 2OvhX>iy -Sl ' M DCIICnV
PKO I) IT KS THE A BOTH 30th Day. IICnICIIIII
BESI'LTS. It quickly £ surely remove* If errou«n«s», Impotency,
j Nightly Emission*, Evil Dreams Wasting Diseases and all effects
| of self-abase or excess and indiscretion. Restores Lost Vitality,
I Power and Failing Memory. Wards off Insanity and Consump-
: tion. Cnres when all others fail. Insist on hating YITAU
j no other. Can be carried in the vest pocket. By mall $1.00
£er package or six for 95.00 with a guarantee to Core or
tefiind the Money. Circular Free. Address
CALIMKT C.rnf: CO., 834 Dearborn St., Chleas*
Sold by Owl Drag Co.. S. F.. and Oakland.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is ' a powerful aphrodislne and specific tonla
! for the sexual and urinary organs of botU
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th»
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative-.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own
1 Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents,
I S2J Market street. S. <Send for Circular.*
56
WEDNESDAY OCTOBER 26, 1808
JOHN D. SPRECKELS. Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sis.. S. f.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE BAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month ;
66 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by mall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Build in \
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Ri&fts Houm
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE ....Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay, j
open until 9:30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
O'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1641 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2513
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- 106 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
;>MUShMENT3»
Baldwin— "Prisoner of Zenda."
Columbia— "By the Sad Sea Waves."
Alcazar— "May Blossom."
Moroseo's— "Streets of New York."
— "Oirofle-Oirofia."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Comedy Theater— "Where's Matilda?"
The Chutes— Lillian F. Smith, Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympla. corner Mason and Eddy streets— Specialties.
Eutro's Baths— Swimming.
Sherman - Clay Hall— Entertainment Thursday Evening.
Metropolitan Temple— Benefit Thursday Evening, October 27.
Cushion Tea— 1919 California street, Saturday, Novem-
ber 3.
Rosenthal— Coming in December.
AUCTION SALES.
By H. J. Leutholta— This day, October 26, paintings at
California Hotel, at 2 and 7:30 p. m.
By Killip & Co.— Thursday. October 27, Horses, at corner
of Van Ness avenue and Market street, at 11 a. m.
GUILTY, BUT DON'T CfIRE.
WELLS-FARGO people have had their lesson,
but don't seem to have taken it to heart. They
need another, more severe. Attorney-General
Fitzgerald is in a position to give it to them. He lias
the authority. He has ample grounds. It is true that
he has campaign duties to attend to, but these can
not be more imperative than the duties of his office.
Despite the fact that the Costley suit was decided
against the express company, that it has paid the costs
and the damages, it proposes still to exact from the
people the price of the revenue stamp which Congress
specifically said the company should pay. It does
this because it thinks patrons will be too busy to hag
gle over the cent, and some of them are. Demonstra
tion has been made, however, that no patron needs
submit to the imposition if he choose to take the mat
ter to the courts.
The reason the Wells-Fargo people, headed by that
great and good man, Valentine, are still obdurate is
that they know of a test case somewhere in the East
which they wish to see carried to the tribunal of last
resort. Their patience is beautiful to see. Delay
to them is as good as actual victory. They have hopes
that before a final decision can be reached the war
tax will be a thing of the past. Then what will they
care what the decision may be? Nothing. They will
have had their illegal gain, and there can be no re
covery.
So Mr. Fitzgerald should hurry up. Every day
■which goes by is marked by a series of petty swin
dle? on the part of the Wells- Fargo Express Company.
The people are the victims, and the Attorney-General
is expected to give them the protection to which they
are entitled without an hour's delay.
fj POINT FOR PriELflN.
THE tide which is running against Mayor Phelan,
and which bids fair to overwhelm him on the
Bth of next month, possibly might be stemmed
it he would return to the taxpayers the $16,000 lost by
Widber's defalcation. The Mayor's endeavor to sub
stitute a "hefting" system for the old plan of counting
the treasury money was the direct cause of the loss,
and he is morally if not legally responsible for it.
Inasmuch as he believes in responsible officials and
advocates honesty in public office, a moral respon
sibility should be as binding upon him as a legal one.
As we understand it, the people of this city doubt
the sincerity of the Mayor because of the discovery
that he is a careless and indifferent official, chiefly in
terested in getting places for his personal friends, and
for that reason ambitious of becoming a political boss.
Were he to draw a check for $16,000, and thus assume
responsibility for at least one result of his careless
ness, he would do much to check the public sentiment
that is rising against him. In such an event the peo
ple would feel that they were getting something for
Phelanism. They would feel that if they re-elected
him and more money were lost through his practice
of "hefting," he, and not the taxpayers, would be the
loser.
It will be remembered that when it was discovered
that Treasurer Widber had taken advantage of the
Mayor's custom of "hefting" the sacks in the treasury
to steal $116,000, Mr. Phelan hustled around, counted
the money and forced the surety company to liquid
ate its bond of $100,000. But here his hustling
ceased. There was still a deficit of $16,000, and the
last statement of the Auditor reports that amounts as
a loss. Mr. Phelan felt his responsibility while the
$116,000 hole made by Widber in the treasury was
still yawning, but the moment the surety company put
its share up his nerve returned, and he has allowed
the taxpayers to pocket the residuary loss. In other
words, Mr. Phelan is willing that his "hefting" habits
shall cost the taxpayers $16,000.
It is quite plain that this is the argument that is
controlling a large number of the Democrats and Re
publicans who are making up their minds daily to vote
against him. They reason that a man of Mr. Phelan's
wealth who causes them to lose $16,000 by the in
troduction of an absurd system of "hefting," is mor
ally bound to make good the amount. Therefore we
do not hesitate to express the opinion that if the
Mayor will draw a check for $16,000 in favor of the
City Treasurer it will materially aid his election. It
might not carry him through, as many people still
might regard it as a delayed contribution to the con
science fund, but that it would tend to stem the swift
running tide of defeat is unquestionable.
Besides, the money might better be expended in
discharging an obligation of this kind than in hiring
strikers to boom Phelanism in the corner groceries.
If the Mayor spends $16,000 this year he will have to
do it in violation of the purity act. Moreover, the
money belongs 1 to the people, and he has no moral
right to spend it at aIL
MENTAL ABERRATION QT STANFORD.
WHATEVER student virtues may be possessed
by those callow and inconsiderate youths at
Stanford University who have organized them
selves into Maguire clubs and are now shouting and
spouting for the single taxer, it cannot be claimed for
them even by their friends that they are at all loyal
to the welfare of their alma mater, or have any re
gard for the memory or the principles of the great
man who founded it and endowed it with all his wealth
that it might serve for the education of youth.
Maguire has denounced Leland Stanford by every
opprobrious epithet which his brain, fertile in billings
gate, could produce. The denunciations began while
Stanford was alive, and have not ceased with his \
death. According to Maguire, Stanford was a thief,
a perjurer, an extortioner, a briber of judges and
legislators, the corrupt author of a thousand corrup- j
tions. According. to Maguire, Stanford University '■
was founded in iniquity and endowed with the profits ;
of plunder. Every one who accepts a salary from its
revenues, or shares in the munificence of its endow
ments, is a receiver of stolen goods and a sharer in the
proceeds of fraud and dishonor.
Maguire has not limited his antagonism to Stan
ford University to bad language. So far as he is
capable of acting as well as talking, he has acted
against it. He did his best to have the Government
take from the university every dollar that Stanford
gave it. He sought to have the bill providing for the
settlement of the Government's claims against the
Central Pacific so devised that the property of the
university would be taken by the Government.
Could he have had his way. there would be no Stan
ford University, except in name. The great founda
tion would have been stripped of everything it pos
sessed, even to the land on which the buildings stand,
and the students who are now enjoying its advantages
would have had to seek their education elsewhere.
Nor does the menace of Maguireism to the univer
sity cease with the passage of the funding bill and the
settlement of the railroad indebtedness. The greater
part of the munificent endowment of the institution
consists of land. If Maguire can get his single taxers
in power in California he will make short work of
that endowment A year or two of their taxation
would virtually confiscate the property of the univer
sity and leave the institution without revenues.
The schools, the lecture-room, the museums and the
libraries would have to be closed for lack of money
to maintain them. The great structures would pass
to other and widely different uses from that for which
they were designed, and in place of the stately quad
rangle, with its attendant buildings, which now so
fittingly stand as a memorial of the great railroad
builder. Governor, Senator and philanthropist, there
would be but a desolation to bear witness of the tri-
umph of James G. Maguire.
Many vagaries can be, and are, pardoned in young
men at universities, but treason to their alma mater,
or indifference to her welfare, is not one that can be
lightly looked upon. The group of Stanford youths
who are shouting for Maguire in this campaign have
carried folly too far.
THE CONGRESSIONAL ELECTIONS.
rROM the vantage ground of the national cap
ital, where political campaigns are unknown, but
where all parties are represented by their Con
gressional committees, the Washington Post has been
making a careful study of the situation throughout
the country, and has found reasons for believing the
Republicans will control the next Congress if they
are active and vigilant this fall, but will be in a mi
nority if they permit either over-confidence, indiffer
ence, apathy or any other cause to lead them to neg
lect their duties at the coming election.
According to reports gathered by the Post the Re
publicans are fairly certain of 166 seats, the Democrats
are about equally sure of 128 seats, while the Popu
lists and Silver Republicans are conceded twenty-one
seats. This leaves forty-two seats in doubt. If the
Republicans can win thirteen of the doubtful seats and
hold all that are accounted certain, they will have a
majority, while the opposition to control the House
must win thirty of the doubtful places in addition to
those which the Post concedes them.
On the face of it this report is highly encouraging.
It appears, however, that many seats in the present
Congress were won by very narrow majorities, and it
will take but a slight falling off from the Republican
vote of 1896 to return Democrats or Populists to the
next Congress in place of Republicans. The fight,
therefore, is one which must rouse the energy of Re
publicans everywhere. Any weakness in the ranks of
the party may result in such Democratic successes as
will either give them control of the House of Repre
sentatives or reduce the Republican majority to so
small a number that it will be seriously hampered in
undertaking important legislation.
In a recent review of the work of the Congressional
campaign committees in Washington the Post says:
"There is no disguising the renewed activity at Dem
ocratic headquarters these days. The Democratic
leaders have encouragement that they may win out
after all, and this has stirred them to unusual efforts
of late. * * * The chairman of the Democratic
Congressional Committee, Senator White of Califor
nia, has been in that field all summer, and Represen
tative Osborne of Wyoming, the vice chairman, after
aiding in the work of organization at headquarters
for about a month, has gone West again."
With both the chairman and the vice chairman of
their Congressional Committee in the Western field,
it is clear the Democrats are to make a hard fight for
every Congressional seat in this part of the country.
They have undertaken something like a still hunt.
Since the Republican victory in Oregon no Demo
cratic brass bands have been heard banging away for
free silver, free trade or Bryanism. The present tactics
are for fusion, State issues and silence. This form of
canvass may be one of political cowardice, but it is
insidious and dangerous.
Republicans cannot afford to overlook a single
point in the fight. An effort should be made to carry
every district in California for the administration,
sound money, protection and prosperity, and to send
to Washington a delegation honestly representative
of our interests, our principles and our people.
The Call has published in fac simile the shameful
contract made by Hearst's paper with the Southern
Pacific, showing that the company in self-defense had
to bribe to silence a blackmailer from whose asper
sions it could not otherwise have regarded itself as
safe. And it was not safe after all.
Perhaps there is no other statesman contending
with more devils and deep seas than surround Blanco.
And the world, having noticed the manner of man he
is, doesn't care a cent whether the devils get him or
he jumps into the brine.
Maguire says he is not an anarchist. Gage does not
have to say anything of this kind in relation to him
self.
Race wars in the South seem to be particularly
fatal to brunettes.
THE SAN FBANCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 20, 1898.
SOME NECESSARY RETRISCTIONS.
WHEN a public utility is controlled by a mon
opoly it must be subject to restrictions. Left
to itself, greed becomes its guiding sentiment,
and the rights oi the public are forgotten.
In California the most absolute monopoly is the
telephone company. It has no opposition, no par
; ticuiar prospects of any, and it waxes fat and arrogant.
It forgets that its patrons have rights, or, if it re-
I members, does not care. Therefore it has become
necessary this monopoly be called to the attention of
' the Legislature. It has not yet grown too mighty to
i be called down.
According to authentic reports, the receipts of the
i concern are as high as $3,000,000 yearly, of which im
mense sum 25 per cent represents profit. In consid
eration of this fact, it will be the duty of the Legisla
ture to investigate, to ascertain the character and ex
tent of the investment, and to fix the rate at such a
figure as to permit a reasonable income, and no more.
Twenty-five per cent on $3,000,000 is not only too
much, but so much too much as to be absurd. The
regulation of this matter is clearly within the pur
view of the Legislature, and candidates for the Senate
and Assembly should be asked to declare where they
stand.
In the District of Columbia a telephone company
once thought itself supreme. Congress appointed a
committee to investigate, and the committee reported
that the company could supply telephones at $50 per
year and yet realize a fair profit. Congress thereupon
made a law setting this limit. As soon as Congress had
adjourned the company set up the claim that this rate
applied only to Government telephones. As yearly
contracts expired, subscribers tendered $50 for re
newal, and the corporation declined to receive it,
threatening to take out the telephones. The sub
scribers applied for an injunction, won in the courts,
and the company accepted the stipulated sum, doing
it, too, without getting near a condition of bank
ruptcy. The local company is as subject to whole
some regulation. It merits treatment as condign.
Let the next Legislature bear this fact in mind.
There is another matter in relation to which the
telephone company needs rebuke. No telegraph
operator will reveal any information which may come
to him in the course of business. A secret ticked to
him over the wire is held inviolate. He is forbidden
by law and by honor to reveal it. The telephone em
ploye leaks like a sieve. The news sent in to one
paper is tattled to another. Matters which should be
held in confidence become the subject of gossip. This
is not only wrong, but so far wrong as to call for in
terference. There should be legal enactment for
bidding it and prescribing a penalty. The penalty now
is nothing more than distrust. This seems not to be
sufficient. It should be made unlawful for an agent.
manager or superintendent to extend special privi
leges to any one, for in respect of telephones all who
use them are supposed to pay the same rate, and all
should stand on an equal plane.
THE middle-of-the-road Populists of the State
at large are in much the same position politi
cally as the old line Democrats of this city. The
latter on one side are confronted by defeat of their
party, and on the other by Phelanism. To their credit
it must be said they are generally accepting defeat as
the lesser of the evils.
The Democrats of this city were able for several
years to survive Buckleyism and its attendant evils,
but it is questionable whether they could weather a
single season of such bossism as Mayor Phelan has
been giving them — appointed State delegations and
conventions, cooked up tickets, buncombe issues and
a general suppression of the rank and file of the party.
The local Democracy is, therefore, to be congratu
lated on its determination to sweep the entire Phelan
brood off the field. That is the shortest and surest
road to the rehabilitation of the party.
There are periods in the history of all political or
ganizations when it becomes necessary to defeat
them. Sometimes annihilation at the ballot-boxes,
which never obliterates vital principles, results in as
tonishing purification. We agree with Mr. Shanahan,
the middle-of-the-road nominee for Governor, who
has been shut off the ticket by the Maguire fusionists,
that their party label, party platform, party prestige
and party principles having been stolen by a band of
Democratic office-seekers, it is in order for the Popu
lists to retaliate. If the People's party is to be saved
at this time it must be saved by drastic measures. It
never can be saved by the election of Maguire. On
the contrary, his success would undoubtedly de
stroy it.
A majority of Populists are farmers — the very class
whose property will be confiscated by the triumph of
Maguire's single tax plans. How can these men %'ote
for candidates whose success means indirectly the in
troduction into California of a system of taxation
which will deprive them of their land? Maguire has
said that the single tax "must be forced into the poli
tics of California," and he is forcing it in now by de
claring that it is not an issue and that if elected he will
possess no power to establish it.
Th|re is but one way for the middle-of-the-road
Populists — and, in fact, all Populists who regard prin
ciple as paramount to pelf — to save their party from
destruction in this campaign. They must imitate
Mr. Shanahan and vote the entire Republican ticket.
There are no other means by which they can let loose
their sentiments. The Maguire party has shut them
off the official ballot, has stolen their platform, ap
propriated their name and adopted as much of their
campaign thunder as it considers of value. If it can
get the Populist vote by this process, the middle-of
the-road men may as well give up in despair. They
have been sold by a few of their office-seeking leaders
on a time contract. If the goods can be delivered on
November 8, Populism in California on that day will
pass into history.
Because this paper congratulated Mrs. Botkin upon
her escape from the necessity of talcing a trip to Dela
ware, the Bulletin jumps to the conclusion that a para
graph palpably intended as a reflection upon the lax
ness of the law against murder was really meant to
felicitate the prisoner. It is such sundown breaks as
this which lend strength to the theory that the Bul
letin is edited by an idiot.
Chicago wants a tower higher than Eiffel, higher
than Babel. The utility of such a structure can be
discerned. Chicago is tired of boasting only concern
ing the number of steers it can slaughter in a season.
Some of the Cubans, having seen Spain whipped by
the United States, seem to think this country has ex
hausted its resources, and are acting in a manner to
invite a thrashing devoted to their own reformation.
Several dog-catchers got licked and put in jail yes
terday. This did not illustrate a triumph of law, but
among the observers it gave rise to a large and vo
ciferous satisfaction.
A ruling that Chinese exclusion applies to Hawaii
as well as to the rest of America indicates that the
Islands will be overrun by the almond-eyed.
THE POPULIST DILEMMA.
PHELAN ON A BRIDGE OF SIGHS.
How tfte Destruction of tbe Primaries by the Plug-Hat
Boss Menaces the Citizens' Rights.
Dear Sir: The statesmen who founded this republic knew by bitter ex
perience that the power of the people might be used against the people
Therefore they exhausted human ingenuity in the attempt to safeguard
the rights of the plain citizen, your rights and mine. And in the first place
they divided political power among so many officials that there could be lit
tle chance of any one of them setting so much power as to render him
independent of the people. Hence we have the law-making power independ
ent of the executive, and the judiciary independent of both. It is against the
American system to combine these powers in the hands of one man. The
gravest danger that could confront the plain citizen, you and me, is that
any one man should control all these departments of the Government.
But as we are plain people we must deal with plain facts. There are
men who strive to circumvent the precautions of our forefathers. They
try to get control of the various branches of the Government by controlling
the officials. Such men are bosses. We know they exist. We cannot eradi
cate them. We must make the best we can of them. Our own experience
tells us, and I'ie experience of the founders of this commonwealth that the
more bosses there are the less dangerous any one of them is. We must
deal with them as our fathers dealt with political offices. We must multiply
their number and thus divide their power. The greatest danger that can
menace our interests, your interests and mine, is the big boss that can buy
all the little bosses and rule alone.
BUT THE INGENUITY OF THE
Men who established this Government provided another remedy against
the danger that the power of the people might be used against the people.
At frequent Intervals the power granted to officials is returned to the citizens.
The men who have been elevated by the people's power return to the com
mon mass and there they remain unless the citizens think well to intrust
them with the same power once more.
In theory it is true that any citizen may run for office. But the common
fate of independent or sporadic candidates is not such as to tempt aspirants.
No man wishes to run for office unless he has a reasonable chance of win
ning. The number of those voters who belong to groups or parties of men
is so great that the candidate who is selected as the representative of such
group or party has a tremendous advantage in the race for power. It is
only in very exceptional cases that a man who has no organization to support
him Rets into office, and plain people, like you and me, are not dealing
with exceptional cases.
The usual method by which a candidate's name is proposed to the peo
ple is through a party nomination. The boss therefore who wishes to con
trol the offices makes it his duty to see that only his friends get the nomi
nations. He tries to control the nominating machinery, and he usually has
his candidates selected long before the nominating convention meets.
BY SECURING THE CONTROL. OF THE CONVENTION
The boss defeats this device for preventing the power given by the people
from injuring the people. The plain citizen has no hope except in nominating
conventions in which there are many bosses. In the ideal convention every
man would be his own master, but there are few ideal conventions in these
United States, and none in San Francisco. Therefore the most the plain citizen
can look to is the increase of bosses in a convention. If there are ten or
twelve bosses in the convention they will be compelled to unite on some
neutral candidate in order to make a nomination at all. The more neutral
ity the candidate has in his composition the better for the plain citizen —
fur you and me. If there be only one boss in the convention he can nomi
nate his own henchmen, and the only remedy left the plain citizen is to
vote the other ticket if he votes at all.
Hence, as far as our rights go, we want to increase the number of bosses
in the nominating convention as well as everywhere else. To you and to
me the danger comes not from the dozen small bosses, but from the big boss
that can buy them all.
Now, a convention is supposed to come directly from the people. The
members of the party or organization select the delegates immediately.
Such election is known as a primary and the electors are all those who
care to identify themselves with a political party. The plain citizen very
seldom troubles himself about the primaries. We are content to leave the
management of them to those who take a special interest in politics. We
usually think it enough to vote at the general elections. Of course the
plain citizen knows that the primary is very important. You and I have
heard the exhorters and the expounders urge us again and again to go to
the primaries. But somehow or another we don't go. We must accept
the facts about ourselves as well as the facts about others — the plain citizen
is not numerous at the primary.
BUT ARE WE THEREFORE TO REJECT THE PRIMARY
And consider it of little use? By no means. It is our great safeguard.
It is, as it were, an open door for bosses. Every political leader who is
worth his salt can make an impression at the primaries. It is the portal
by which he enters into public life. He can extort there at least a locus
standi. The primary Is an open call — come one come all. No "matter how
the boss may be said to control it there is always an opportunity for an
other boss to get in. The primary, therefore, of its very nature contributes
to the multiplication of bosses and for that reason to the safety of the plain
citizen — to your safety and to mine.
But Mr. Phelan has no love for the multiplication of bosses. He wishes
to be the sole and only boss and with his keen eye for his advantage in
politics he looks askance oh the primary. He gives his reasons quite frank
ly. "The bosses," he says, "will get hold of it. I wish to be the only boss
in the party and I do not intend to have my power disputed. If I have
claimed the right to dictate to the Supervisors and the judiciary surely I
am not going to suffer some mere member of the party to have opinions of
his own and to differ from me."
It is very seldom that the bosses dare to dispense with a primary.
The old bosses do not love the primary more than Mr. Phelan because
every primary introduces a new batch of bosses into the political world.
But a certain regard for public opinion compels them. Even their follow
ers expect it. But with Mr. Phelan it is different. He has too much in the
balance. He is playing for big stakes. He is no ordinary boss, who shares
his power with half a dozen others. He is the big boss who is to rule all.
He cannot brook opposition. He therefore considers it better to fly in the
face of all precedent rather than tempt the possibility that any one should
be nominated for office who might differ from him. He still believes in
dinners, but if he can control the next Board of Supervisors without giving
them dinners it is so much money saved. Even millionaires have been
known to be thrifty.
BETWEEN ELECTION AND ELECTION
An appointed committee usually takes charge of the few Interests of the
political party demanding attention. Before election its duty is to call a con
vention and then resign. But Mr. Phelan saw a new use for such a com
mittee. He first took care to fill it with his followers. Then he compelled
it to declare against primaries as a nuisance and finally he made it resolve
Itself into a nominating convention of the party.
His object has not been concealed. He wished to secure his own nomi
nation and the nomination of men who would support his policy. In other
words he wished to make it absolutely certain that if his party is success
ful at election he shall hold the city government in the hollow of his hand.
The plain citizen like you and me is usually suspicious of the politicians
of both sides. We know the worth of their professions and promises. That
Mr. Phelan is a politician and a smart politician his tactics prove. Of him
we are not only suspicious — we are afraid. He aims after more power than
one man should have. He is trying to build a Chinese wall round the offices*
of this city— a Chinese wall with one door— a door of which he alone holds
the key.
You and I have been raised in the good old belief that this country
gives every man an opportunity. Mr. Phelan believes otherwise. He haa
built a new bridge— a short cut to power — and no man may pass ov.er that
bridge unless he pays toll to Mr. Phelan. Other bosses have built such
bridges and have collected toll in the shape of coin. This is Mr. Phelan's
reason, so he tells the people, why he has built his bridge. But he takes
toll of the opinions of men, of thtir manhood, of their Independency. No
candidate can put foot on Mr. Phelan's bridge unless he thinks as Mr
Phelan thinks. It is a new Bridge cf Sighs, the emblem of the tyranny that
may take hold of a great commercial city.
This is the gravest outrage yet committed against American principle.
Better die in the Almshouse and retain the right to freedom of thought
than wallow in the spoils of office with as much mental liberty as the hog
in the byre. Yours truly, A PLAIN CITIZEN.
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS
Martin Lund, a wealthy Stockton farm
er, is at the Russ.
Lieutenant S. Fullinwider, U. S. N., is
a guest at the California.
Professor I. S. Kcllogsr of Stanford Uni
versity is at the California.
R. C. Meade of the Bakersfleld Daily
Californian is at the Grand.
United States Senator S. M. White of
Los Angeles is at the Palace.
Judge J. M. Mannon of Ukiah is among
the recent arrivals at the Lick.
John H. Dale, a prominent cattle man
of Eden Valley, is at the Russ.
Bank Commissioner John Markley of
Geyserville is stopping: at the Lick.
W. H. Nichols, a large general mer
chant of Courtland, is at the Grand.
William Myers, a large land owner and
cattle raiser of Fresno, is at the Russ.
A. H. Denny, one of Siskiyou's most
prominent merchants, is at the Grand.
Rev. Daniel G. Mackinnon and wife of
Stockton are registered at the Occidental.
Edwin A. Sutter, a large Chicago to
bacco manufacturer, is at the California.
C. S. Foraker, United States Marshal
for the district of New Mexico, is in the
city.
F. L. Ransome of the United States
Geological Survey is registered at the
Lick.
Captain E. P. Newhall, a prominent
mining man of Orcas, Wash., is at the
Russ.
George E. Stickle, engaged in merchan
dising and mining at Angels Camp, is at
the Grand.
Charles Erickson, the well known Mar
tinez railroad contractor, is stopping at
the Grand.
E. M. Glbbs, treasurer of the New York
Life Insurance Company, is a guest at
the Palace.
, George Carr of Carrville, owner of a
NUMBER FOUR.
number of promising mines in Trinity
County, is in the city on a short visit.
General Passenger Agent Thomas Lord
of the Chicago and Northwestern Rail
way is here with his wife on a vacation
trip.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25,-Ross E. Browne
of San Francisco is at the Hoffman.
William H. Maloney and wife of San
Francisco are at the Metropole. Mrs
George W. Reed and Miss Violet Jacobs
of San Francisco are at the Glrard. B. R.
Douglass of San Francisco is at the Marl
borough.
FINAL RESULTS OF FUSION.
Editor of The Call: After reading this
morning in The Call Mr. Shanahan's re
view of the political situation as seen
from a strtaight Populist point of view,
and while feeling: a deep sense of satis
faction with his masterly presentation of
the subject, it seems to me there yet re
mains a serious reason for repudiating
fusion which should have weight and re
ceive equal consideration among intelli
gent and honorable men of every po
pltical faith or affiliation, which I feel
it my duty under existing conditions to
state as briefly as possible.
I refer to the moral aspects of this fu
sion question, since if fusion is to become
a. settled and successful method of mak
ing nominations for office and conduct
ing political campaigns the country must
be prepared for the Inevitable results
which are to folllow.
The basis of fusion is compromise— a
compromise with conscience— as Judge
Maguire, for example. putß aside his sin
gle tax doctrine, which is his most pro
found and earnest political conviction I
suppose— ln order that common ground
on some kind of issue may be found for
the temporary "union of forces" to se
cure a common object— the same object
In every known Instance of fusion, name
ly, the election of certain men in each
party to office. Is not this true? Is Jt
not a fair statement? Even the most ar
dent fusionist will say yes to both of
these questions. Fusion Is then a com
promise of principle, of one's moat sin
cere convictions, the Ignoring of an hon
est man's most cherished desire, the
hushing of a patriofs most unselfish aspi
rations for the welfare of his country,
that certain men may combine and get
into office.
It follows that if the American people
in the mass do not repudiate fusion al
the pells the time is near a_t hand when
men of conviction must retire from poll
tics, for office-seekers alone who can
unite with any class of voters to secure
election will till the offices, make and ad
minister our laws, with like men for
Judges to p;iss upon these laws, and the
end of our form of government has then
come, for no nation can survive the dom
inance of compromisers and place-hunt-
I 'desire to say to all straight and earn
est Populists that I think our first and
most urgent duty in this campaign Is to
do our utmost to destroy fusion, root and
branch, and my view "f duty in this exi
gency is to vote for Gage, the Republi
can candidate for Governor, and for no
fusion candidate whatever. T^ TTVT(=r . xr
JOSEPH ABBURT JOHNSON,
61S Harrison street.
ANSWEKS TO COBHESPONDENTS.
THE SELLING PRICE-W. H. 8.. Oak
land CaL The selilng price of a L nited
States $10 piece of 1547 is from $13 to Slo.
The selling price of a 20 cent piece of lS.u
is from 05 cents to $L
UNITED STATES TERRITORIES-
Constant Reader, City. The United State-,
Territories on October 18, 1898, were New
Mexico, Artz.ma. Indian. District of Col
umbia, Alaska, Oklahoma, Hawaiian Isl
ands and Porto Rico.
PACKAGES TO MANILA-Mrs. J. P>.
and W. 8., City. Arrangements can be
made with the depot quartermaster, New
Montgomery and Jessie streets and with
the Red Cross Society to send small pack
ages of non-perishable goods to soldiers
or sailors at Manila or vicinity.
FLAG ON FOREIGN SHIP-C. R-. City.
When a foreign merchantman enters a
United States port she does not dip the
American colors, but carries them at the
foremast. When a foreign man-of-war
enters a United States port she salutes
the American colors with cannon.
TEN LARGEST ClTlES— Constant
Reader, City. On the basis of population
estimated by the Mayor of each of more
than 150 of the large cities in the United
States the ten largest are: New
Chicago. .Brooklyn, Philadelohla. St.
Louis, Baltimore, Cincinnati, Buffalo, «.
V., and Cleveland, O.
PRESIDENT'S! APPOINTMENTS— L.
E. P., San Mateo, Cal. The President of
the United States names ten candidates at
large for the Naval Academy at Annapo
lis and one for the District of Columbia,
The President names the eleven and they
are examined whenever there is a va
cancy. As soon as practicable after the
sth (if March of each year the Secretary
of the Navy notifies every Representative
er Delegate of any existing vacancy in
his district.
FROM ONE PRECINCT TO ANOTH
ER—J. E. X., City. A voter in the Stato
of California does not lose a residence
until he acquires a new one. In order to
acquire a residence in a precinct he must
have resided therein thirty days. If a
voter resided in the First Precinct of
the Thirty-sixth District at the time he
was registered with the intention of vot
ing at the election next November, and
on October 17 moved into the Sixth Pre
cinct, he would have his vote in the pre
cinct out of which he moved, namely, the
First.
TROOPS ON TRANSPORTS— A. R. S..
Sacramento; A. S., City; N. B. 8., City.
On the 25th of May, 189 S. the City of Pek
ing sailed from this port for Manila car
rying the First California Volunteers;
the Australia, the Second Oregon Volun
teers, and the City of Sydney the officers
of the headquarters, a battalion of the
Fourth Infantry and a detachment of
heavy artillery.
June 15— The Senator, Colon. China and Zea
landla sailed that day for Manila with the
First Colorado Infantry, Tenth Pennsylvania.
First Nebraska, two battalions of the Eigh
teenth and Twenty-third regulars, two battal
ions of Utah Artillery and a detail of engineers.
The First Colorado went on the China, the Tenth
Pennsylvania on the fcealandla, the Utah Artil
lery was distributed on the China, Colon and
Zealandia and the remainder was distributed
on the Senator and ether vessels.
June 27— The Morgan City carried away the
First Idaho, the City of Para the Thirteenth
Minnesota, the Indiana a battalion of the Eigh
teenth regulars, a battalion of the Twenty-third
regulars, the First Company oC the Volunteer
Signal Corps, a detachment of engineers. Brig
adier General Mac Arthur and staff, and the
Ohio the First Wyoming Volunteers, Batteries
G and L of the Third Artillery and recruits for
the Thirteenth Minnesota for Manila.
June 2S— The Valencia sailed for Manila with
the First North Dakota Volunteers.
June 29— The Newport sailed for Manila with
General Merrltt and staff. Batteries H and X
of the Third Artillery and the Astor Battery.
July 15 — The Peru sailed for Manila with six
troops of the Fourth Cavalry and Light Bat
teries D and G of the Sixth Artillery; the
Puebla with five companies of the Fourteenth
regulars and recruits for the Twenty-third
regulars.
July 20 — The Pennsylvania for Manila with
the First Montana and 300 recruits for the First
California.
July 23— By the Rio de Janeiro, two battalions
of the First South Dakota and a detachment of
fifty-three of the Signal Corps.
July 2»— By the St. Paul, two battalions of
the First South Dakota Volunteers and recruits
or the Minnesota and Colorado Regiments.
August 6— By the Lakme and Nelson for
Honolulu, battalions of the Second United
States Regiment of Engineers, and Companies
I, K. 1.. M and C, First New York.
August 18— Alliance for Honolulu. Companies
F, G and H of the First New York.
August 21— By the Arizona for Manila, Com
pany I of the Eighteenth regulars, Third Bat
talion of the Eighteenth Infantry, 234 recruits
for the Tenth Pennsylvania, 305 for the First
Nebraska. 124 for the First Colorado and a num
ber of officers.
August 27— The Pcandla sailed for Manila via
Honolulu. She had on board two companies for
the First New York at Honolulu and for Manila
a detachment of Heavy Artillery to guard
$1,000,000 for the paymaster at Manila. She also
had 147 of the Hospital Corps and several
officers.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per It) at Townsend's"
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's). 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
Pictures and Frames.
Carbon, old Flemish and gTay oaks, fine
mat gilts, ebony and little, narrow mold
ings in Bright Green. Blue and Violet
Bronzes are the latest for picture frames.
The Tabor-Prang and HargTeaves Col
ored Photographs mounted on glass with
projecting gilt corners find great favor
with the public this fall. We have them
all at popular prices. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
Mrs. Wlcklins— You and your husband
and Mr. and Mrs. Caddsley seem to be
very good friends.
Mrs. Dimpleton— Yes. You see, Mr.
Caddsley and I used to be engaged.
Mrs. "Wicklins— But I don't understand
why that fact should make you enjoy
each other's society noTP.
Mrs. Dimpleton— Well, of course, I can't
speak for him, but he married a woman
who Is at least five years older than I am
and not half as good looking, if I do say
It myself. You don't know what a com
fortable feeling takes possession of me
when we are together and I see him
glancing first in her direction and then In
mine.— Cleveland Leader ,
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Tlao Kaon hob/1 *%*■«.- «**._*""! . __T * "
""""' "™ u , uvrr ■«» years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child Boftens
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Colic re*
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mra
"Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
Through Tourist Car to St. Paul.
This car !s nicely upholstered in leather
leaves every Tuesday night, no change. Ooei
via Shasta route and Northern Pacific Ra.il
way. The scenic line of the continent Tick
eta on sale to all Eastern cities at lowest rate-.
T. K. Stateler, general agent. C3B Market st
San Francisco.
HOTEL DEL COKONADO-Take advantage
of the round-trip tickets. Now only *60 by
gteamahlp. Including fifteen days' board at
hotel; longer Btay $2 50 per day. Apply at
4 New Montgomery street. San Francisco.
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cure* constipation and
Indigestion, makes you eat. Bleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Commercial lunch, 11 to 2. Among the Bar
rels, 863 Market et.TWO LINES
FROM EAST
TO WEST
Arrival of Santa Fe's
President.
THE VALLEY ROAD COMBINE*
IT BECAME NECESSARY TO MAKE
THE TWO PROPERTIES ONE.
It Is the Intention of the Santa Fe
tc Complete Its Line to San
Francisco by Way oS
Port Richmond.
E. P. Ripiey. president of the Atchlson
:., arrived here last night from
Stockton and went at once to the Palace,
to be lnt« rviewed.
Has your trip anything to do with the
purchai Lej Road?" was the
first question juit to him.
"Incidentally." he replied. "I wanted
the Valley Road, nev< r having seen
It personally — 12. .•• of our officials
have seer. it. sTes, we have
take up the option. I the formal
it of the stockholders, to be sure,
but I think there will be no question
about that. The transfer will probably
be consummated between now and Jan
uary."
"Will you connect with the Valley
Road by means of trackage arrangement
with the Southern Pacific, from Mojave
to EakersrleldV"
"That is entirely in the air. We had
contemplated building through
Pass; but the suggestion has been
that, as there is no local business in
those : , it would be fo
thru. We are not satisfied yet in re)
to that. I do not know whether th> j
want us. or whether we want I
It is a matter for discuss!
intention is to complete our 1.
Francisco by way of Port Rich:,
an-i 1 hope that we will be in within a
year."
' H »w will it affect the people of Cali
fornia?"
There will be two roads i!ist.-;i I i I
There is no more prospect of consolida
than there is of alliance between
England and America. We shall be in
• competition with the Southern Pa
though I cannot pledge myself, in
advance, to reduce rat--*.
"The absorption of the Valley Road has
In our minds for six months. We
were on it this morning, from Fresno to
Visalia and back. It is throujrh a very
: ountry, and the best new road I
ever Paw. It has evidently been built
carefully, thoroughly and economically.
"Perhaps 1 ought to explain the condi
tions that led to our absorption of the
Valley Road. It was perfectly evident
that we could not afford to build across
the mountains, to meet the Valley Road,
without assurance that it would always,
be a connection of ours and ours only;
and nobody could give that assurance.
The only way was to buy the stock. It
was also perfectly evident that the Val
ley Road could not build to us, ..
the mountains, and they could not tell
what might happen to us. Therefore, It
became necessary to make the two prop
erties one; and. of course, the greater ab
- 1 the less. It is unquestionably
better for California that it should be
"How about your terminal facilities?"
"I understand that those have been ar
ranged for by the Valley people. Ferry
for use between Port Richmond
and this city, will be built as soon as pos
-
Accompanying President Ripley are
Paul Morton, second vice president; C. M.
Higginson, assistant to the president; W.
E. Hodges, general purchasing agent;
James Dunn, chief engineer; Edward
Chambers, general freight agent of the
Southern California Railway, and W. G.
Nevin, general manager of Santa Fe lines
west of Albuquerque. The party will re
main here several days.
Lawyer Boone Asks Pardon.
Judge Denson yesterday presented to
Circuit Judge Morrow a petition signed by
several hundred members of the bar, ask
ing for the reinstatement of John L.
Boone, the attorney who was disbarred
last December for conduct unbecomim;
an attorney in his relations with his
client. The petition will be considered
at an early date.
"Anakesis," the great external pile rem
edy. Is indorsed by the best physicians.*
GEORGE LAVIGNE
TALKS OF HIS PLANS
The Saginaw Kid's Sad and Touching Tale
of a Four Thousand Dollar Bill That
Might Have Gone for Beer.
GEORGE LAVIGNB, the world's lightweight champion, is in town, not
only ready but anxious to meet Tom Tracey. the Australian. ' The
Sagrinaw Kid is in splendid condition, and as usual goes in this fight
to win.
Lavigne was in a reflective and philosophic mood when he shed the
light of his little weasel eyes upon the reportorial presence. The
chunky little man had apparent
ly just arrived at the conclusion
that there might be glory but
certainly no honor in the ring,
and that as soon as he had ac
cumulated a sum sufficient for
the gratification of all his wishes
and earthly desires he would quit
the arena for the more lasting
Joys of mercantile pursuits.
"It's money that brings all us
fellows to the ring," said the Kid;
"that's what does it. As for
myself, just so soon as I get
enough money together the Kid;
t's what does it. As for
ilf. Just so soon as I get
gh money together I shall
buy out a cigar store or saloon
and quit."
It was not without some little
shame that the lightweight cham
pion acknowledged his lack of
business qualifications and his
utter Inability to save the vast
sums his skill and science brought him.
"Now my brother can keep his money," he explained, "but I
can't I have to spend it. There are my friends to treat, and my friends
whom I must loan to, and, oh, there's everything to spend and have
a good time."
The all around "good time" that Lavigne has had is marred by just
one little cloud— the "good time" that he missed. The fighter tells the
tender little tale In a touching little way, that Is sure to bring tears to
the eyes of the entire Brewerymen's Union. "I saved $4000 once," said
the Kid, "and I had just got to feeling g*ood about it, when one morning
I got a letter from my brother, saying that the bank had failed and that
my entire savings were gone. What could I do?" thus philosophized the
Kid. "Oh. but gee! Think of all the beer I might have bought!
Twenty glasses of beer for fl, 80,000 glasses for $4000," and the lighter
smiled In a dim, reminiscent way without even considering what a great
thing arithmetic is.
His many successes have left the little fighter modest and cautious
and not without a dash of superstition. "Luck's got a lot to do with
fights," he said, "and I have never lost a fight,"
The Saginaw Kid comes from good o'.d French-Canadian stock, and
points with pride to other fighters In whose veins courses the inflamma
ble blood of the Gaul.
"Who would believe." said the fighter, "that Tom Ryan Is really
Thomas Lajeunnette, and Patsy Cardiff and Dick O'Brien are but the
noms de guerre of full-blooded Frenchmen?"
Lavlgnc expects the date of his coming contest to be settled within a
day or two, and then he will immediately go Into training to defeat the
Australian.
FATAL COLLISION OFF CAPE HORN.
Drawn prom a Sketch by Captain. Campbell-
The British Ship Balmoral Ran Into the British Ship Glenericht During a Moder
ating Gale, and Mrs. Davies, Wife of the Glenericht's Captain, Lost
Her Life.
IT %■ moderating gale and
j sea was running." Thus
ibell Of the British ship
of disaster yes
is entering port af
. . • 136 days from Hull, and
I d appearance showed she had
In the gray of the raorn
20, when off <'is.pe Horn, the
md British ship Glenericht were
ision The captain of the latter
his ship was sinking ami
vre themselves. Four
n clambered aboard the Bal
moral, and Captain Davtes is still of the
opinion that his wife got on the Balmoral
with them. The rescued seamen, how
ever, said yesterday that Mrs. Davies fell
between the two ships when they were
I yardarm to yardarm and was
drowned. The Glenericht put bark to
Montevideo in distress, and the Balmoral
came on to San Francisco.
"We had weathered a heavy gale and
■were making good progress under short
canvas when the collision occurred," con
tinued Captain Campbell. "It was my
watch below, and Second Mate Galetly
FATHER CARAHER FIRM
AGAINST SOCIAL EVIL
MAINTAINS HIS POSITION FOB
ITS CONFINEMENT.
Differs With Father Otis as to
Method, but Profoundly Desires
Extinction of the Blight.
Editor of The Call— Pear Sir: In my card to
the press of the 23d inst. I called the atten
tion of the public in general and of the resi
dents of North Beach and the Buard of Super
visors in particular to the shameful and shock-
Ing state of Immorality that prevails in this
n of the city. I also showed that the
evil was increasing and I traced the source
of the supply to the area bounded by California,
Pine, Kearny and Dupont streets. Moreover, I
had in my possession a number of incontro
vertible proofs showing that a movement was
on foot to remove many of the fallen women
from that area and dump them at our doors.
I laid the case In a letter before the Chief of
Police, and while he did not acknowledge its
• \-t I now find that he has been act
ing on its suggestions and conaequently I have
not been "ignored" by Mr. Lees.
Mr. Editor, in taking the step I have taken,
I was chiefly moved by a desire to save the
hundreds of children of this district from being
y slaughtered and to prevent shocking
sights from falling upon the eyes of our vir
tuous mothers and maidens. In my letter I
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEB 2C>, 1893.
•was in charge of the deck. The Glenericht
was close hauled on the port tack, and
she must have seen our lights for at least
thirty minutes before the accident oc
curred. It was h.r place to have kept out
of our way. and because she did not both
vessels wire nearly lost with all on board.
"As it is matters are bad enough. My
vessel is almost a wreck, and nothing
but her collision bulkheads saved her.
According to what the pilot tells m<- the
Gknericht is almost a wreck at Monte
video, and Captain Davies' wife is
drowned. I was knocked insensible by the
fall of the Glenericht'a mizzenmaßt, and
by the time I regained consciousness the
two vessels were clear of each other.
"The men who came aboard my ship
from the Glenericht were able seamen
Carlson, Tingstrom, Young and Waters.
They got aboard aft and tell me that Mis.
Davit s was with them. They were not
sure but thought she fell between the
two vessels or else got back on the Glen
ericht. I hoped that the latter was the
case, and now y<>u tell me that Captain
Davies is satisfied that she is aboard my
vessel. It will be an awful blow for him,
poor fellow. One of our sailors, a man
named Clark, got aboard the Glenericht,
and I suppose he made Montevideo on her.
I was the worst injured man on my ship,
and Apprentice Windsor and First Mate
Flynn were severely cut. After getting
was careful to make no allusion to any church
or clergyman. Pruteetant or Catholic, -and I
grappled with the evil in itself fairly, square
ly and, as I believed, honorably. As far as
the press was concerned I have there rested
my case, but a lengthy article In to-day's Issue
of The Call, dealing with my letter, forces
me to reappear In print.
Let me stale here, Mr. Editor, that 1 wel
come In the main the article referred to, be
cause It goes to substantiate every one of my
arguments or assertions. The head and front
of my alleged offenae Is "my belief that the
evil should be Impounded and compressed. In
stead of diffused." I atill cling to this belief,
for the continuous impounding and compress
ing of a thing tends inevitably to Its destruc
tion. But the author of the letter In question
In order to show the falsity of my position
quotes the destruction of Sodom and Gomorrah
— an example that is entirely on my side. When
God wished to stamp out the wickedness of
these cities did he disperse the inhabitants to
other citit'3 and towns? Certainly not. Hav
ordered the departure of Lot and his family
he burned out the evil and evil-doers on the
very spot where they had existed. If, then, the
example of God 1h to be followed, the evil
complained of In this city should be stamped
out on the spot where It has existed from time
Immemorial. I am far, however, from sug
gesting- for the work the agency of tire ur
sword.
The example of the trafficking- In the temple
Is most unhappily quoted, because there is no
parity in the cases, and I refuse to believe
that some of the statements connected there
with have come from any clergyman. The
buying and selling in the temple are stated
by the author to be a "kindred" crime with
the Immoralities committed in his neighbor
hood. This Is a fearful doctrine to lay down!
Buying and selling are perfectly lawful tran
sactions In themselves, and they could only
have been unlawful from being carried on In
a sacred plate, but immorality la essentially
sinful in itself and never admits of parity of
matter. When the writer likens buying and
selling to revolting carnal crimes he niakea
light of the latter and forfeits all claim to
public sympathy in his cause.
The writer asks the question: "Did he hesi
tate lest the miscreants, being driven out,
would occupy some other temple?" Let me
Inform the writer that this was the only temple
In Jerusalem, and that the trafficking and
scourging did not take place within it, but
only in its precincts.
The author of the letter admires my illus
tration of confining a fire within limits and
quenching It there or allowing It to burn itself
out, and yet. lllogically and impliedly, he main
tains that these women should be scattered
ovt-r the city for the eradication of the evil.
That "Immorality Is a necessary evil" no priest
will assert, and the clergyman that would hold
such a doctrine should be canonlcally de
graded.
Finally, Mr. Editor, let me re-define my po
sition. There are hundreds upon hundreds of
children attending the public schools, the con
vent school, the day home and the Sunday
schools of this flection of the city, and these
children are threatened with moral destruction.
There are also here thousands of adults, male
and female, threatened with an invasion of
women worse than that of any plague or epi
demic. Now in the front of these children and
adults I shall stand, and if the fnllen females
and their male companions that infest the lo
cality between Pine and California streets en
ter this parish It will be when I shall be over
powered in the struggle. T. CARAHER.
October 25, 18SS.
THE ELKS.
There Will Be Ladies' Night Under
the Auspices of San Francisco
Lodge on Friday Night.
San Francisco Lodge No. 3 of the Be
nevolent Protective Order of Elks has is
sued cards for its ladies' night, which is
to be given in its elegantly appointed hall
at 223 Butter street on the evening of Fri
day next, under tha auspices of the com
mittee, consisting o? H. B. Hosmer, J. R.
Howell, J. P. Dunne, H. H. Sherwood,
Herman Kohn and H. S. Manning. A
number of the best talent have volun
teered for the evening and an excellent
programme of entertainment will be of
fered.
The following named have been appoint
ed a committee to make arrangements for
the Memorial day exercises on the 4th of
next December: F. E. Beck. A. J. Car
many T. F. Bonnet. J. N. Odell, James P.
Dunne. T. O. Hydenfeldt, Byron Mauay.
Dr. W. H. Selberst, S. B. Carleton and
J. H. Wood.
Suit Against a Tile Combine.
E. S. Lowry has brought suit in the
United States Circuit Court against the
Columbia Encaustic Tile Company and
other firms in the same business in San
Francisco, Sacramento and San Jose for
$10,000 damages alleged to have been sus
tained by the plaintiff by reason of the
refusal of the defendants to sell him
tiles and mantels. The complaint alleges
that the defendants have formed a con
spiracy and a combination to refuse to sell
good* to dealers not members of the asso
ciation.
Seven Pines Circle's Campflre.
Seven Pines Circle No. 3, Ladies of the
Grand Army of the Republic, will give
Its twelfth annual campfire and ball In
B'ne B'rith Hall on the evening of Thurs
day next. The committee has prepared
a first class patriotic programme of en
tertainment and around the campfire
there will be an old-time army supper.
During the evening the drill corps of the
circle will give an Interesting exhibition
drill.
Buy wallpaper & window shades at Clark'i
653 Market. Country order* solicited. •
clear of the Glenericht we repaired dam
ages as well as possible and came on to
San Francisco, making as good time as
the ship Madagascar, which left Swan
sea the same day as we did and reached
port a few hours ago."
The Balmoral struck the Glenericht a
glancing blow amidship, almost cutting
her to the water's edge. The Balmoral
is badly stove on the starboard bow, and
on her starboard quarter. The cabin is
a complete wreck and the forward com
partment is full of water. The Glen
ericht's mizzen mast fell between the Bal
moral's mizzon and Jigger masts and
wrecked the running gear and standing
rigging. Topgallant masts and yards were
carried away, stanchions were broken,
bulwarks bent, bridges carried away, her
compass was broken and other damage
was done.
Captain Davies' cabled report of the dis
aster is as follows: "Was in collision
with the British ship Balmoral off Cape
Horn August 20. Balmoral struck us
amidship, but Glenericht not damaged
below the water line. One of Balmoral's
crew brought to Montevideo on Glenericht
and four of the Glenericht's sailors and
Captain Davies' wife are on the Balmoral,
which is only slightly damaged."
The Balmoral will be discharged and
will have to go on the drydock for a
general overhauling.
PROSECUTION IS OFF
ON ANOTHER TACK
DETECTIVE McVEY SEEKS FED
ERAL AID.
Tried to Secure Custody of Mrs. Bot
km Through an Infringement
of the Postal Laws.
Chief of Police Lees and Detective Mc-
Vey do not propose to have Mrs. Cor
delia Botkin tried in this State if there is
a possible loophole through which they
can escape the recent decision of Judge
Carroll Cook and his confreres of the
judiciary.
Yesterday they were closeted for over
an hour with Assistant United States Dis
trict Attorney Bert Schlesinger and In
spector Munroe of the Postal Department
in a discussion of sections 330 and 331 of
the postal laws. Section 330 provides that
if a Postmaster find a package in the
mails containing destructives or poisons
he shall take it out and destroy it, but
it does not make the depositing of such
packages a crime, and provides no pen
alty. Chief Lees was of the opinion, until
he had talked with Mr. Schlesinger, that
the section could be so construed that
Mrs. Botkin could be rearrested upon an
infringement of the poetal laws, and un
der such a charge be haled into the
confines of Delaware, where the minor
charge could be dismissed and the origi
nal charge of murder placed against her.
There would be no questions of Jurisdic
tion to bother under such circumstances
and she could be legally tried in the for
eign State.
Section 331 had no bearing on the case
whatever. It relates solely to the trans
mission through the mails of lottery tick
ets and advertising matter, and provides
that offenders of this class are triable
at either the point from which the mat
ter is sent or the point at which it Is
received. The chief and McVey argued
that the same law applied to other of
fenses, and desired to bring the matter
before the Federal court upon their show
ing, but as it was pointed out to them
that the clause provided only for lottery
offenders the matter was allowed to drop.
Thf defense will not argue the triabil
ity of Mrs. Botkin in this State when that
question comes up before Judge Carroll
Cook on Saturday. They will submit to
tho court that as their petition is for a
writ of habeas corpus the matter of this
State's Jurisdiction is not relevant. At
torney McGowan said yesterday that the
one question that could be settled by the
habeas corpus proceedings was the ques
tion of Mrs. Botkin's extradition into
Delaware, "and as that question has been
already settled there is no reason for fur
ther argument, so far as the defense Is
concerned.
Surrendered Himself.
School Director Thomas A. Burns, who
was indicted by the Grand Jury Monday
on a charge of fraud in connection with
the School Board lumber contracts, sur
rendered himself at the City Prison yes
terday morning. He was immediately re
leased on a $5000 bond accepted by Judge
Belcher.
Botwin. Was Acquitted.
J. Botwin. charged with having: crim
inally assaultrd Rosa Jacohson, a girl of
15 years, was acquitted by a jury in Judge
Cook's court yesterday.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
EXHIBITION
OF*
VALUABLE PAINTINGS.
IN THE BANQUET HALL OF THE
California Hotel, 416 Bush St, S. F.
Take Elevator to Eighth Floor.
EVERY DAY FROM 2 TO 5 O'CLOCK P. M s
AUCTION SALE
; - • . OF THE SAME.
. WEDNESDAY. OCTOBER JBTH, AND THURSDAY, OCTOBER 27TH, 1898.
To Commence at 3 o'clock p. m. and at 7:30 o'clock Evenings.
We will sell tbe Entire Gallery of the late FERD RICKARDT" S PAINTINGS.
They must be eold without regard to value, ...
H. J. LEUTHOLTZ. Auctioneer.
AN OUTRAGE BY
DOG-CATCHERS ON
A BUSINESS MAN
Charles Mitchell Is
Clubbed.
HIS TERRIER WAS TAGGED
COWARDLY DEPUTIES PURSUED
BY AN INDIGNANT CROWD.
Two of the Buffians Have Been Ar
rested on a Charge of As
sault With a Deadly
Weapon.
Another high-handed outrage under
color of official authority was perpetrated
yesterday upon a respectable and Inof
fensive citizen by ruffianly deputies of the
Poundmasti-r. Charles Mitchell, proprie
tor of the M. & M. saloon at 231 Kearny
street, was walking: along Bush street,
near the corner of Kearny, with his fox
terrier Spider trotting along by his side,
when the Pound wagon drove up. Mr.
Mitchell's attention was called to their
presence by the yelping of his dog, which j
had been struck on the head by the hoop .
of the dog net thrown by the Pound men.
He at once seized the net and threw it
into the street, for his dog had a li
cense tag on his collar in plain view and (
was not subject to seizure. The three j
men at once jumped upon him and one of .
them struck him on the back of the head j
with a club and broke a blood vessel, j
which caused the wound to bleed profuse- j
ly. Mr. Mitchell, although dazed, did not
fall but defended himself as well as he j
could, whin- a big crowd gathered around j
and watched the men beat him. The ex- '
ecratlona of the bystanders alarmed the |
Pound bullies and they broke for the j
wagon, but Mitchell seized the horses by
the bridle and hung- on In order that he I
might detain his assailants and procure
their arrest. At this juncture the driver
of a dray came to the citizen's rescue ■
with a dray stake and pursued the now
trembling deputies down Hush street, fol
lowed by an Indignant crowd shouting
"Lynch them! Lynch them!"
Patrolman Kaskell of the California
street station came along and placed
Nicholas Robling, the driver of the Pound
wagon, and Deputy Poundkeeper Henry
Dan under arrest on a charge of assault
with a deadly weapon. The third deputy
was allowed to take the wagon to the
Pound, and he will be arrested on the
same charge as soon a.s Mr. Mitchell is
able to appear in court.
Mr. Mitchell' b injuries were so serious
bis friends placed him in a hack
and took him to the Receiving Hospital,
where his scalp was sewed up by the'
physicians. They advised him to go home
and remain in bed for a few days, as
there were symptoms of a fractured j
skull. Mr. Mitchell was seen at his resl- ■
dence 515 Stockton street, and was found !
to be resting easily, although in great
pain In order to prove the genuineness
Of the tag on his dog's collar he produced
a receipt dated August 25, IS9B, and certl
fylng that Charles Mitchell of 231 Kearny i
street had that day paid to the License .
Collector the annual tax on the fox ter- !
rier Spider and had procured a tag for the
same the tag to be good until June 30, !
1599.
Rheumatism, kidney, liver diseases cured. Dr.
Gordin, Sanitarium. 614 Pine, ur. Kearnjr, S.F. C*i.
FLYPAPER WINDOW
CRACKERS AT WORK
FOUR STORES SOUTH OF MAR-
KET STREET VISITED.
A Grocery Clerk Took a Shot at Them,
but His Aim Was Not Steady
and He Missed.
The fly paper window crackers are at
work again, but this time they are tak
ing in the district south of Market street.
Four gTocery stores were visited during
the early hours of yesterday morning and
from the windows of thrte of them bottles
of liquor and other articles were stolen.
At the fourth place visited, the store cf
H. Hilberg, corner of Ninth and Brannan
streets, they met with a reception that
they did not anticipate. Hllberg's clerk
sleeps in the rear of the store and he was
awakened by the noise of the breaking
glass. He jumped out of bed and seeing
two men at the window, he grabbed his
revolver and fired at the men, who fled,
leaving the fly paper behind. The clerk's
aim was unsteady and he does not think
he hit one of the thieves, but he scared
them.
Last winter a number of groceries and
cigar stores in the "tenderloin district"
were visited by these window crackers.
Two or three of the gang were arrested
and were sent to the House of Correction,
but there are others. They paste the fly
paper on the window so as to deaden the
sound of the breaking glass, but it was
loud enough to waken Hilberg's clerk.
Special instructions have been issued
to all the policemen to keep a sharp look
out for these thieves, as they not only
steal what they can get but destroy wan
tonly valuable plate glass windows.
"The Dead Body," by H. G. Wells,
author of "The War of the Worlds,"
in next Sunday's Call.
INDIANA SAILS TO-MORROW.
The Ohio Will Probably Leave for
Manila on Friday.
The Indiana will sail for Manila to-mor
row with the First and Second Battalions
of the Kansas regiment on board. To
morrow the first and third battalions of
the First Washington will sail on the
Ohio. Colonel Funston will be in com
mand of the former expedition, and Colo
nel Wholley of the latter. The Fifty-first
lowa has been assigned to the Pennsyl
vania, which vessel will carry all of the
regiment. The Zea.landla will be ready
by Sunday. To this vessel will be as
signed the third battalion of the Kansas
regiment, and possibly a battalion of the
Tennessee regiment. With the departure
of the Zealandia and Newport there will
be left of the troops only about 200 men,
who will be sent on a small vessel.
ADVERTISEMENTS. _
MANY FEMALE ILLS KESULT FEOM NEGLECT.
Mrs. Finkham Tells How Ordinary Tasks May Produce Displacements
That Threaten Women's Health,
I 8 *" Apparently trifling incidents in u /^> te __
women's daily life frequently pro- 1 er^£^\{\CS\
duce displacements of the womb. A Lrjgjfe- >\\ -fjf* jlfcg^i
slip on the stairs, lifting during men- tf*ajS \n! JL XIM&
struation, standing at a counter, kWHj}[\ Njl \|| \ CS »
running a sewing machine, or at- //T^!| jji \ \ C
tending to the most ordinary tasks, II fig HI |K \^\^ V
may result in displacement, and Vv^J^'iS^W'^^^X^
a train of serious evils is started. . J^a^^^.BT)M(K / "*\j I
The first indication of such 3^sgg3HßM«#.*^f j
trouble should be the signal for I^,^^^^ L^
quick action. Don't let the condi- >!!^^e i\ J&S&&^!l±.
tion become chronic through neg- f SB\ Ms^gSktshL
lect or a mistaken idea that you !^--<^3B HW Joi i\
can overcome it by exercise or L^^^H^^^^^^
More than a million women have yjr fmgj i .j ml \^B
regained health by the use of Lydia >*\ » \"^BH ams
E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound. Wlffi^fifln l^^^M
If the slightest trouble appears which you \
do not understand, write to Mrs. Pinkhara yM I WxW
at Lynn, Mass., for her advice, and a few >|l|§|i|§§j \ 'V'
timely words from her will show you the right 1 \
thing to do. This advice costs you nothing, but 1 \
it may mean life or happiness or both. ~^ 1 %
Mrs. Mary Bennett, 314 Annie St., Bay City, II 1 \
Mich., writes to Mrs. Pinkham: I I 1 %
"I can hardly find words with which to thank you I I In
for the good your remedies have done me. For nearly I I ■ \
four years I suffered with weakness of the generative It .1
organs, continual backache, headache, sideache, and II »
all the pains that accompany female weakness. All \
friend told my husband about your Vegetable Com- I
pound and he brought me home two bottles. After I »
taking these I felt much better, but thought that I !
would write to you in regard to my case, and you do not know how thankful I
am to you for your advice and for the benefit I have received from the use of
your medicine. I write this letter for the good of my suffering sisters."
j The above letter from Mrs. Bennett is the history of many women who have
been restored to health by Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound.
Ask Mrs. Pinkham's Advice-A Woman best Understands a Woman's Ills
...14-16...
Kearny Street,
FoFmePly 427 Kearny Street.
Tl_^3r EMMETROPIC
" *VJ) NORMAL EYE.
THIS REPRESENTS A NORMAL EYE,
which collects th* rays of light evenly and
delivers them properly. Call on us and let us
see If your eyes do likewise. Examination free.
\A/. T. HESS,
KOTABY PDBLIO AND ATTOBNBT-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus B- itels Jfcudg.
Telephone Brown SSI.
Residence. 811 California at., below Fow«U.
Ban I Francisco. , - , - . '•
AMUSEMENTS. '
MATINEE TO-DAY, WEDNESDAY. OCT. 26.
Parquet, any seat. 25c. Balcony, 10c. Chil-
dren, 10c. any part.
THE SHINING LIGHTS OF FARCE COMEDY,
JOHN C RICE and SALLY COHEN
In "OUR HONEYMOON."
THE ROSSOW MIDGETS.
Specialties by CHARLIE ROSSOW, the Small-
est Female Impersonator in the World.
MR. and MRS. E. MILTON ROYLE and
COMPANY in "Captain Impudence."
MARY NORMAN, New Caricatures.
LOUIS M. GRANAT, BARRY and FELIX,
RAY BURTON, THE BIOGRAPH.
MATINEES WED., SAT. AND SUNDAY.
comedyj;heater.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
SOUVENIRS TO ALL.
25c to All Parts: Gallery. 15c.
THE BEST EVER.
"We Don't Care if You Never Come Back."
The Operatic Farce Comedy,
"WHERE'S MATILDA?"
PRETTY GIRLS. CATCHY MUSIC.
NEW AND CLEVER SPECIALTIES!
SOUVENIR MATINEES:
WEDNESDAY— ALBUM BOOKS.
SATURDAY— BOOKS.
SUNDAY— ROSES AND PHOTOS.
EVENING PRICES 15c, 25c. 85c and 60c.
Seats— Comedy Theater and 710 Market st.
Next— THE HENDERSON COMPANY.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and Manager.
"SEE HOW IT SPARKLES'."
TO-NIGHT!
And Every Evening This Week, With Saturday
Matinee.
== GIROFLE
GIROFLA
"A CORKING GOOD SHOW," THE GEN-
ERAL VERDICT.
Popular Prices .....25c and EOc
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee, 2oe.
Telephone Bush 9.
OLYMPIA, co" a £ d y .
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ONLY FREE THEATER PLAYING EAST-
, ERN BTARS.
DIRECT FROM NEW YORK
The Four Florences!
World's Greatest Acrobats.
COTTON AND MOLL,
Great Triple Bar Artists.
F. F. FREDRICHS,
Celebrated Lyric Tenor. j.
The Great Eastern Favorite,
MISS IRENE FRANKLIN,
New Songs and Impersonations.
MADELINE and Others.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
CONCERTS AND RESORTS.
SHERMAN, CLAY_& CO.'S HALL.
THIS AFTERNOON at 3 O'CLOCK, FIFTH OF
THE HEINRICH RECITALS
REMAINING RECITAL, FRIDAY EVENING.
SPECIAL— On Wednesday and Friday Morn-
ings at 11 o'clock Mr. Heinrlch Will Give Two
"Intellectual Music Lessons." .
Prices, 75c and $1. ' Seats now on Sale at Sher-
man, Clay & Co.'s Music House. .
SUTRO BATHS.
Open Daily from 7 A. M. to 6 P. M. During
.. • the Winter Season. • .
ADMISSION 10; - - - . - CHILDREN 3j3 j
Bathing, with admission, 25c; children, Me
AMUSEMENTS.'
BALDWIN THEATER.
Prices— 2sc, 60c. 75c and $1.
THIS WEEK ONLY— MATINEE SATURDAY.
THE FRAWLEY COMPANY
AND BLANCHE BATES.
In a Superb Revival of Edward E. Rose's Great
Romantic Drama, THE
PRISONER
OF ZEND A.
A STRONG CAST!
ELABORATE PRODUCTION!
Next Monday— Last Week of the Frawleys.
"THE TRANSIT OF LEO."
Friday Afternoon. Nov. Ibsen Matinee, "A
DOLL'S HOUSE."
N. B.— "Mistakes Will Happen."
COLUMBIAJTHEATER.
Last Five Nights— Matinee Saturday. .
THE REAL FUNNY BOYS,
MATHEWS
AND...
BULGER.
Direction of Dunne and Ryley, presenting
the rag-time opera. v ..;.
BY THE SAD
SEA WAVES.
PTTDA~ SaIe of Seats Begins Thursday, for
EAIAA "SOWING THE WIND."
FIRST PERFORMANCE,
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT
CALIFORNIA^ THEATER.
THIS WEEK ONLY. MATINEE SATURDAY.
William Calder's Scenic Revelation, the
GREAT REALISTIC DRAMA,
THE SPAN
OF LIFE
SEE THE HUMAN BRIDGE.
SEE THE GREAT LIGHTHOUSE SCENE.
Prices 15c, 25c, 85c and 800
EX TRA~—^nlly Gee I
Beginning SUNDAY NIGHT, October 80.
The Great Farce Comedy Hit.
"HOGAN'S ALLEY!"
With th» Yellow Kids— The Only Mickey
Dugan.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
SEATS BY PHONE— 254.
TTO-IMir^HT AND DURING
lU"llIUni ENTIRE WEEK.
David Belaaco's Beautiful Play.
' 111 XX X •••••••••
=BLOSSOM
ALL NEW SCENERY.
evening 15c, 25c, 35c, 50c.
Next Week,
N C. GOODWINS POLITICAL COMEDY,
"AMBITION."
MOROSCO'S GRAND
V altkr Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager
WEEK OF OCTOBER 24, 1898.
GRAND REVIVAL I
ELABORATE PRODUCTION OF THE EVER
POPULAR SENSATIONAL DRAMA
STREETS OF
NEW YORK
A Star Cast! A Powerful Play! A Great Fir*
Scene I A Gorgeous Scenlo, Display!
POPULAR PRICES Telephone Green 861.
Reserved Seats, ... 25 and 50c.
Family Circle and Gallery, . . 100.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUNDAY
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND
EVENING.
A FEAST OF FUN
IN THE FREE THEATER.
LILLIAN F. SMITH, Champion Rifle Shot
of the World, with her SISTER and FATHER;
McBRIDE and JAMES, the Celtic Kings;
LILLIAN STEWART, the ''Tough Girl ■,
KELLY and VIOLETTE. Society Sketch Art-
ists; MASON and LINSLEY, Triple Horizontal
Bar Performers, and EUSAPIA. Political
Transformation Dancer.
TO-MORROW (THURSDAY) AMATEUR
NIGHT t , '
10c including Zoo and Theater; Children. So.
. . =
! ;£>>*■** ' INJECTION. | •
i! A PERMANENT CURE ]\
! ! of the noit obstinate case* of Gonorrhoea . |
' and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to a j , # ■
I1I 1 days ;no other treatment required. J i
1 1 J Sold by all druggist*. j |
1 j»AAi\*/yVVVVVVVW^A/VVVVV^A?VVi
78
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver unchanged.
Wheat •weaker.
Barley quiet.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay inactive.
Bran and Middlings unchanged.
Pink Beans lower and weak.
Nothing new in Flour.
Lucol advanced.
Potatr.es and Onions weak.
Vegetables in good supply.
Butter lower and demoralized.
Cheese and Eggs unchanged.
Free arrivals of Eastern Poultry.
Game about the same.
Dried Peaches firm. Other dried fruits quiet.
Wino Grapes in light supply and higher.
Provisions the same.
Hops firmly held.
Hides and Wool quiet.
No change in Meats.
Linseed Oil and Turpentine strong.
Sterling Exchange advanced.
PRODUCTION AND EXPORT OF COPPER.
According to a contemporary the product of
American copper mined for September and first
nine months of the calendar year compares aa
follows:
Jan. 1 to
Sept. Sept. 30.
1897, tons 17,443 158,847
1898, tons 15. 7*4 174,811
Exports from the United States for the same
period compare as follows:
Jan. 1 to
Sept. Sept. 30.
.loiTo, tons ■•••••••■■■■■■*•>.» .•,.•..•11, liSO l*'b,3ti
18% tons 11,200 106,342
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAX FRANCISCO, Oct. 25, 5 p. m.
The following maximum temperatures were
reported from stations In California to-day:
Eureka, 58; Red Bluff, 78; Sacramento, 78;
Fresno, S2; San Luis i Independence,
63; l-nis Angeles, 90; San Dieg . y ; l'uma
San Frarn Maximum ten:perature,
74: minimum. B6;
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GHNERAL
FOR!
The pressure is highest over the plateau
region and lowest B the Washington
The pressure has fallen over the entire I
slope. A storm la approaching the Washing
ton coast, but it is not thought that rain will
Into California >>xc-»pt un the extreme
northern coast.
There h*\» been but slight changes in tem
perature during the past twenty-four hours.
The weather is cloudy in Washington and
Oregon and clear in the remaining portions
of the Pacific Coast.
The following high winds are reported: Fort
Canby, 34 miles per hour, from the south;
Yuma, 26, north.
Ast made at San Francisco for thirty
hours, ending midnight. October 26. 1888:
Northern California — Partly cloudy in north
portion with rain on the extreme northwest
coast; fair in south portion Wednesday; fresh
southwest wind.
Southern California — Fair Wednesday; fresh
west wind.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Wednesday; warmer.
Utah -Partly cloudy; warmer "Wednesday.
na— Fair Wednesday.
and vicinity— Partly cloudy
tesday; cooler: fresh southwest wind.
Si ecial from Mount Tamalpais— Clears wind
Fouthwe.-t, S miles; temperature 67: maximum
ature. 67. G. 11. WILL.SON.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK ST( >CX MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 23.— periodical settle
ment on the London Stock Exchange to-day de
veloped a very anxious state of feeling- in the
financial markets, due to the adverse conditions
of the money market and the threatening po
litical outlook. The very high loaning- rates
precipitated quite an active liquidation and a
squeeze in money rates. The uneasiness in
London was reflected on other markets in Eu
rope and there was a general rise in the rates
of exchange on London and in the discount
rates at all Continental centers. British con
sols dropped a full point and all other securi
ties, including American railroads, showed vio
lent declines. The announcement of the post
ponement of the British Cabinet meeting
brought some relief and the bears were actively
covering in London about the time the stock
market in New York opened. There were very
large and supporting orders in the market here
at the opening, bo that the decline in prices at
that time on account of the selling for Lon
don account was trifling and was soon over
come. Selling for London account was in
fact a small factor, and before the arbitrage
trading was concluded for the day London
turned buyer and took a fair amount of stocks
in this market. Consols there recorded almost
a full recovery and the upward movement in
other departments was almost as violent. Re
lieved from that depressing influence prices here
mounted upward quite easily, the short con
tracts put out in yesterday's market being gen
erally covered and the large bull operators who
led last week's buying resuming the movement
with great apparent confidence. The trading
was dull in the' latter part of the day, but
prices were firmly held and closed at about the
beet. Net gains in many instances reached a
point or over, the prices entirely retrieving
yesterday's large decline. Tobacco was fu
riously active all day and covered an extreme
range over several points. The price was low
ered In the morning on the announcement of
the incorporation of a new tobacco company
with a large capital. But traders distrusted
the first interpretation of this company and
the price was run up on very large transac
tions which were large at the prices. Sugar
was held firmly In sympathy with Tobacco.
Pullman sold off 6 points on the Illinois Judi
cial decision holding that the company's large
real estate ownership Involved a violation of
the charter. The stock recovered nearly 4
points.
The sterling exchange market was an ac
curate barometer of the course of affairs In
London. Demand sterling made an upward
bound of Vz during the early excitement In Lon
don and while stocks were still being sold here
for London account, but with the latter relief
of the nervous tension in London, with some
buying here for London account, demand ster
ling suddenly dropped a full cent, closing weak.
Notwithstanding this violent oscillation in the
price of credits on London there was not a
ripple In the local money market, which contin
ued quiet and easy.
There was a yielding in the early price for
bonds, but an upward movement later on ac
tive demand. Total sales were $2,000,000.
United States s's coupon advanced % and old
4's coupon Vi in the bid price.
The total sales of stocks to-day were 340,435
shares, including: Atchison preferred, 34,076;
Burlington, 10,967; Denver and Rio Grande,
4480; Louisville and Nashville, 3070; Northern
Pacific. 9950; Rock Island, 5116; Union Pacific,
8220; Union Pacific preferred, S060; St. Paul,
20,563; Union Pacific, Denver and Gulf, 4830;
People's Gas, 3160; Sugar, 19.635; Rubber, 3870;
Manhattan, $345.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12%! Do prefd , 63
Do prefd 35% Do 2nd prefd .. 30
Bal & Ohio 44U|St L & S W 4%
Can Pac 80% Do prefd 11%
Can Southern 52 St Paul 10S
On Pac .., 24 Do prefd nil
Ones & Ohio 20% St P & Om 80
Chi & Alton 103 Do prefd 158
Chi B& Q 116 St PM & M 165
Chi & E 111 5,3 180 Pac 22%
Do prefd 105 So Railway B*4
Chi G & W 14 Do prefd 33%
Chi Ind & L 7 Tex & Pac 13
Do prefd 26 Union Pac 31%
Chi &N W 131% Do prefd 63%
Do prefd 176 UP D & G %
CCC &St L..... ."9 Wabash 7%
Do prefd 86 Do prefd 19V4
Del & Hudson ... 102 W&LE.asts pd 3
Del L & W 110 Do prefd 16%
Pel & Rio 0 12 Express Companies-
Do prefd 63% Adams Ex 100
Erie (new) 11% American Ex 133
Do Ist prefd .. .32 United States 40
Ft Wayne 170 Wells Fargo 119.
G Nor prefd 136 Miscellaneous—
Hooking Val 3 A Cot Oil 37%
Illinois On 108% Do prefd 86%
Lake Erie & W.. 14 Am Spirits 11%
Do prefd t2 Do prefd 33 V,
Lake .Shore 190V4 Am Tobacco 130
Louis & Nash G4<£ t>o prefd 122
Manhattan L 96 Con Gas 173H
Met St Ry lf9 Com Cable C 0.... 175
Mich Cent .... 105 Col F & Iron .... 204
Minn & St L 27 Do prefd SO'
Do Ist prefd .. s>o Gen Elec SIU
Mo Pacific 22V. Haw Com Co .... 45
Mobile & Ohio .. 26 Illinois Steel .... 9i%
Mo X & T 10/4 Intnl Paper :,2S
Do prefd 31% Do prefd 86%
N J Central gsi,4 fca Clede Gas .... 48
N V Central 314% Lead 32H
N V Chi & St L.. 11 Do prefd 109
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Minn Iron 12T.U
no 2nd prefd ... 29 Nat Lin OH 1%
Nor West 12 Pacific Mali 32-)*
No Amor Co 6 People's Gas 103%
No Pacific 40 (Pullman Pal 194
Do prefd 7,">U I Sliver Certificates CO
Ontario & W 14'^ S Rope & T r.%
Or R & Nay r,2V4' Sugar 112V4
Or Shore L 27 Do prefd 107V4
Pac Cost Ist prefd 74 TC & Iron 27
Do 2nd pref-i.... DP US Leather .... 6%
Pittsburg 169 Do prefd 64U
Reading 16Va U S Rubber 39%
Do Ist prefd 39 Do prefd 101%
RG W 27 West Union 91H
Do prefd 65 Brook R T 67%
Rock Island 1 01 ' Federal Steel .... 29%
St L& S F...... 7y 4 Do prefd 70%
CLOSING BONDS.
0 S 3s 105J4 IN J C 5b 114%
U S new 4s reg... 127% !N Carolina 6b.... 123
Do coup 128%| Do 4s 103
D S 4s 111% |No Pac lsts 117
Do coup 112% I>o Ss 66%
Do 2ds 99 Do 4s 100 %
V H 5s reg 112% X T C & St L 4s. 105
Do 5s coup 113%. N0r & W 6s 123
District 3.65s 117' i Northwstrn cons. 143%
Ala class A 108 Do deb 5s 120
Do B 108 O Nay lsts 114
Do C 100 O Nay 4h 99%
t>o Currency ... 106 OS Line 6» tr 126%
Atchison 4s »S% O S Line 5s tr.... 107%
Do adj 4s 72% Pacific 6s of 96.. 102%
«au So 2ds 10S% Reading 4s 80%
Chi Term 4s 90 |R G W Ist* 87
C & Ohio 5s 113 St L& I M C ss. 97
CH & D 4Hs US St L&S F G 6s. 119%
D& R G 15t5..... 11l St P Con 160
p & R G 4s 97% St PC & P lsts.. 119%
ast Term lets... 106** Do-5s 117%
Erie Gen 4s 69Ji So Railway as 9"V4
F W & D lsts tr. 75 , Stand R & T 65.. 77
Gen Elec 5s 109 iTenn new set 35.. 94
G H & S A 65.... 102 T & I" L G lsts.. 107%
Do 2ds 102 Do Rg 2ds 44%
H & T C 5s 111% Union Pa.c 4s 59%
Do con 6s 110% U P D & G lsts.. 78
lowa C iPts 105 Wabash Ist 5s 113%
La new cons 45... 106% Do 2ds S9
L & N Uni 45.... 90 W Shore 4s 11l
Missouri Gil 100 |Va Centuries .... 7S«j»
MX & T ids 62M-I Do deferred ... gu,
Do 4.- 89% Wls Cent lsts 58%
N V Central lsts. 117% I
.MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 5 [Ontario 3 50
Cnwn Point 5 Ophir 42
Con Cal & Va 65: Plymouth 10
Deadwood 46 Quicksilver 125
Gould & Curry.... 14 i Quicksilver prefd.. 350
Hale & Norcross.. SO j Sierra Nevada 58
Etomestake JO 00 Standard 170
Iron Sliver fi7 Union Con 15
Mexican 10 Yellow Jacket 12
BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— lEd Elec Tel 134
Call loans 2 @3lGen Elec prefd 170
Time loans 2 1 -aSi4 Atch prefd 35%
Stocks i Bonds —
A T & S F 12Vi Atchlson 4s 93
Amer Sugar 112"- = ! New England .113%
Do preld 107 1 /* i Mining Shares-
Bay State Gas l%!Allouez Mm C 0... 4Vi
Bell Tel 275 Atlantic 27 l ,t
Boston & Albany.. 243 i Boston & Mont 225
Boston & Maine... Butte & Boston... 33%
Boston L 69% Calumet & Hecla.s7s
Chi Bur & Q 116 Centennial 18%
Fitchburg 104? i Franklin 13%
Gen Electric 81% Old Dominion 2J'- _■
Mexican Cent 9% Osoeola 63%
Old Colony 193 Quincy 121
Union Pacific 32 Tamarack 174
West End SG Wolverine -T : .
Do prefd 109 Parrott 23Vi
Westingh i:iec 3i'. '■ Humboldt 5
Do prefd ; ; «
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.^Mnney on cap, swidy
at 1%@2 per cent; last loan, 2 per cent. Prime
mercantile paper, .V 4 -4 per rent. Storlinc ex
change, weak, with actual business In bankers'
bills at H 85%i8>4 86 for demand, and •
4 52% for 60 days; pitted rates. $4 S3 and $1 .SO 1 ...
Commercial bills, $4 80%@4 85. Silver certio
rates, >>,;.,! Bar silver, 'ilc Mexican dol
lars, i~' t '-. Government bonds, stn :i~. St.it' 1
bonds, inactive. Railroad bonds, firm.
THE LONDON MARKET.
SEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The Evening Post's
London financial cnhlesr;.i:i says: Politics and
restriction in banking facilities in con
nection with the stock exchange settlement
caused a gloomy opening in the stock markets
here to-day. After the carry-over was arranged
prices ru.li<M considerably, consols recovering
to over lo.s. Nervousness again overtook the
markets, however, anil "n ihe resignation »f
the French Minister of War prices gave way
and the close was distinctly dull.
Money rates at the settlement wore doar.
For the three or four settlements past arbitrage
houses have been free lakt-rs ol American
stocks, but recently liquidation ha-s consider
changed their position and the stock thus
sold has had to be financiered. The Americana
were stnnß at the close on Now York sup
port, although the pessimists maintained that
th^ New York buyir.tr i> based on expectations
of a rise In the price of grain in the case of
war betwe-n Knglan.l and Fnir. c.
There Is no demand for bar gold. Some gold
! ne into the Bank of Kngland and more
is to follow.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, 82%; Grand Trunk. 8%; Bar
Silver, steady, 2S 1-lSd; Money, 3%@3% per
cent.
MADRID, Oct. 25.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 62.5.
>*KW YORK GRAIN A. NT' PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— FLOUR— Receipts,
barrels; exports, 26,106 barrels. Quiet and
barely steady. Minnesota patents, $4*f i 40.
WHEAT— Receipts, 426,425 bushels; exports,
i 304,033 bushels. Spot steady; No. 2 red, 79V&C
■ f. o. b. afloat. Options opened lower in answer
I to a break in cables and higher consols and
were generally weak all day, closing lV'ilV-
net lower. Foreign houses bought moderately,
I but local houses flooded the market with long
I and short Wheat. Statistics and the export
! talk were bullish. No. 2 red May, 74'g74't,c,
i closed 74\4c.
! HOPS— Firm.
WOOL— Quiet.
METAL— Interesting features and important
changes in prices were lacking in to-day's metal
market. For the most part business wag of the
j "dragging" order, with the buyers and sellers
i alike showing a disposition to hold off for fur
! ther developments. News of particular signifi
: cance was scarce and foreign markets devoid
I of radical change. At the close the Metal Ex
j change called:
PlGlßO>J— Warrants very weak; $7 bid and
$7 15 asked. •
LAKE COPPER— at $12 GO.
TlN— Quiet: $17 75 bid and $18 asked.
LEAD— DuII : $3 62^ bid and $3 67^4 asked.
The firm naming the settling price for leading
I Western miners and smelters quotes Lead at
I $3 50
SPELTER— Firm; $5 bid and $5 12V4 asked.
COFFEE— closed steady, s<glO points
lower Sale*, 29,500 bags; November, $5@5 05;
December, $5 25; February, $5 45: March, $5 50;
April $5 60; May, $5 65: July, $5 70®5 5; Sep
tember. $5 85. Spot Coffee— Rio dull and easy.
Mild— Barely steady.
SUGAR— Raw firm and higher; fair refining,
3Hc; centrifugal, »6 test, 4V4c; molasses sugar,
3^c. Refined— Steady.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7175 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15<g23c; Elglns. 23c.
Receipts, 7700 packages. Steady;
Western. 20c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK, Oct 25.— California dried fruits:
Evaporated apples strong, others firm.
EVAPORATED APPLES. common, 7fißc
per lb; prime wire tray, 7^<g.7%c; choice, <%@
8c; fancy, BHc
PRUNES— 5 I n!&i'%c per lb as to size and
'''ifpRICOTS— Royal, 114»14c: Moorpark. 13@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, BMs@Hc; peeled, 14'^®
18c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— English consols were
again lower at the start and the Liverpool
wheat market opened excitedly higher. The
logical result of that by itself should have been
a wild scramble for wheat here and a much
more material rise in prices than occurred the
day before. Wheat speculators had, however,
to take account of many things that were not
paraded in view of the multitude, and it was
due to some of those obscure Influences that a
severe decline In prices that inaugurated the
day's business was not so Illogical as appeared
upon the surface. Many of I ■ active trad
ers have loaded themselves recently with wheat
at what they would consider a dangerously
high figure if peace were assured. People who
had bought heavily because they thought war
was imminent and had no use for
the wheat In the other event lis
tened to whisperings of a probable peaceful
settlement of the Kashoda difficulty and has
tened to rid themselves of their war-priced
wheat. English consols later in the day re
covered their early decline. This was hailed
as the harbinger of peace and helped to bring
out more kng wheat and even some from the
more careful short sellers. The weak feeling
that had prevailed was arrested for a time by
a report from New York that 130 boatloads of
wheat had been sold for export. The close was
at B&%&tS%C for December, a loss of 2c.
("urn was easy and would of its own volition
have remained immovable, but was forced to
adopt a downward course. The result of lower
prices for carriage and a decline In price of the
grain wbh the taking of quite a heavy amount
for export. Receipts were moderate — 407 cars.
The market firmed up near the close on country
purchases.
Oats ruled weak, with the selling of long
property by a prominent scalper the feature.
The decline was also assisted by the weakness
of wheat and corn. May closed V»@%c lower.
Heavy grain markets and a further drop in
the price of hogs, together with lack of busi
ness, caused a concession in the provision mar
ket. Trade was narrow. Pork declined 12Hc
and lard and rlbß S(@7y<a each.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles. Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
October 68%
December 69% 69% 65% 68%
May 69% 69* 6S)i 68%
Corn No. —
October 31%
December 324 . 324 32 32%
May 34% 34% 34 34%
Oats No. 2—
December 23% 23% 23% 23%
May i. 24% 24% 24% 24%
Mess Pork, per barrel —
December 790 783 7 874 " 92%
January 9 15 9 15 9 10 9 12*
Lard, per 100 pounds-
December 4 924 4 97% 4 924 495
January ...800 5 074 4 97% 00
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds —
October 5 30 5 30 6 30 5 30
January 4 724 475 470 4 72%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, steady; No. 2 spring Wheat, 674 c; No.
3 spring Wheat, 65@67c; No. 2 red, 68Vi@69c; No.
2 Corn, 32c; No. 2 Oats, 23%<5;24c; No. 2 white,
26%(527%c; No. 3 white, 25%<626%c; No. 2 Rye.
60% c: No. 2 Barley. 34%@47c; No. 1 Flaxseed.
99%«j/$l 00; Prime Timothy Seed. $2 374: Mess
Pork, per barrel, $7 90®7 95; Lard, ' per 100
pounds, $4 95©4 974; Short Rib Sides, loose,
i $5 10i$5 35; Dry Salted Shoulders, boxed, 4%@
4%c; Short Clear Sides, boxed, |5 20@5 30;
Whisky, distillers' finished goods, . per gallon.
$1 25. .
'. Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 24,400 8,700
Wheat, bushels 210.200 ; 285,700
Corn, bushels 335,300 455,700
Oats, bushels 374,400 504,600
Rye, bushels ................ 55,600 1.100
Barley, bushels 1,100 . ; 28,000
On the Produce . Exchange to-day the Butter
market was dull; creameries. 14@22c; dairies.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26. 1898.
12@ 1 19 c. Cheese, unchanged. Eggs, steady:
fresh, lT'i<SlSc
LIVERPOOL, FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar
Opening 6 6\4 6 */»
Closing 6 6*4
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour-* Oct. Jan Ap
r 47 50 46 95
Closing
Op^nirfg".... 22 05 22 10
Opening 22 05 22 10
Closing
' CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
BOSTON, Oct. 23.— Earl Fruit Company
sold California fruit at auction to-day, realiz
ing the following prices: Grapes— Tokay, 70c@
$2. average $1 37: double crates. $2 15@3 70, av
erage $3 11; Cornlchons, $1 65<gl S5, average
$1 70; double crates, *2 10@3 60, average *3 27^
Muscats, Jl EL Weather fine; one car sold.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Earl Fruit Com
pany auctioned California fruit to-day as fol
lows: Grapes— 75c(§Jl 35. average |?c:? c:
double crates. SI 50@3 70, average $2 26; Ma
laga, $1 50. Prunes— ltalian, Jl 13; Silver, <6e.
Weather favorable; four cars sold.
PHILADELPHIA, Oct. 25. -The Earl Fruit
Company's auction sales of California fruit to
day resulted as follows: Tokay grapes, aver
age. Jl 25®1 31; -double crates, average J2 40@
$2 54. Two cars sold. ■
Porter Brothers Company California iruit
Oct. 25.— Pears— Bartlett, $2 10®
295 box and 65c single crate: Madam Dix,
$2 70 box; Beurre Clalrgeau, Jl 70®2 70; Beurre
Hardy, Jl SO; Easter Beurre, *1 SO; inter
Nells, SI 75. Grapes— Cornlchon, $3Q-3 Id double
crate and Jl 10@l 70 single crate; Tokay, $1 J6@
1 90 double crate, 50c@$l 70 single crate; Black
Morocco, $1 50 single crate: Emperor, Soc@sl 30;
Black F-rarras. Ssc. Peaches— Bllyeau and
Lev! "'ling, Jl 2001 25; Salway, 2. .cffsl 25.
NEW YORK. Oct. 25.— Grapes— Muscat. 70e<3>
$2 05 single crate; Tokay, 65c@$l 65; Cornlchon,
$1 30K1 45; Emperor, 51 25; assorted, Jl 15@1 20.
CALIFORNIA RAISINS IN THE EAST
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— The New York Journnl
of Commerce under this date says: Demand
for California raisins seems to be at a stand
still. In view of rather light consuming de
mand jobbers at this end seem to consider
stocks purchased by them before tho advance
in [.rice made by the Raisin Growers' ABB*
elation ample for present requirements, and
are not inclined to send out further orders
until in their opinion conditions of consuming
trade i all for larger stocks. There is better
demand for seeded raisins, though most buy
ers ;t would .appear are Interested in covering
i nly Immediate wants. Prices are unchanged
but' vary widely as to brand and sellrr. Cali
fornia Sultana and seedless raisins are in fair
jobbing request and are being well ooneen-
There has been a good demand fur
California flge, and stocks b itn here and on
thi coast are reported to be closely cleaned up.
on sput continue in good demand and
the market is firm. New crop Fards just re
ceived amounted to only about isOu packages,
■ : which most has already been sold.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET. ,
CHICAGO.
CHICAGO, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Market weak
t.. ii"' lower. Choice steers, $"> 85©5 85; medium,
J4 ■"•!.■.: beef steers, $4't4 70; stockers and feed
ers, $3<g>3 60; bulls. $3 40©3 46; cows and heif
ers. $3 50®4 2.".: calves, $6 25®7 25; Western
rangers. $2 55@4 60; Western fed steers, $4(55 40;
Texas grass steers, $••! 10@4 LO.
II' "JH Market firm. Fair to choice, $3 85®
3 80; packing lots. $:i WqZ 6">; batchers, S3 50q
3 80; mixed, $3 50@3 75; lights, $3 35ii3 SO; pigs,
■ 3 50.
SHEEP— Both sheep and lambs 1.v<72."c lower.
Western muttons, J4 40; Western feeding lambs,
. choice fat native lambs. $6
Receipts— Cattle, 6500; Hogs, 35.00U; Sheep,
19.000.
DENVER.
DENVER, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts 2400.
Murk', slow :<n.l weak on common stuff; good
qualities firm.. Beef steers, $3 .'• ■< t 26; cows,
-.-. freight paid to river, $3 50
stockers di>, $3 1004 15; bulls, stags, et'\.
HOGS— Receipts 400. Market ."<■ lower. Light
packers, S3 55@S CO; mixed, $3 50(§3 55; heavy,
S3 4..-1 3 50.
SHEEP— Receipts SMO. Market firm and un
changed. Good fat muttons, $," :.". .» 4 2"; lambs
-
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts,
16,000. Market s£loc lower; slow. Native
steers, $2 75"ff *• 40: cows and heifers, $1 50(j?4 75;
stockers and feeders, $2 75@5: bulls, $2 Ss@3 SO.
. Receipts. 16,000. Market 2' 2 c lower.
Bulk of sales, $3 50@3 55; heavies, $3 50®3 60;
packers. $3 4553 57>t; mixed, $3 40rg3 55; lights,
$3 35®3 52; pigs. $3 30@3 50.
SHEEP— 5000. Market steady.
Lambs, $4 25@5 50; muttons, $3@4 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Oct. 25.— CATTLE— Receipts. 6000.
Market dull and lower. Native beef steers,
$4 30@5 30; Western steers, $3 75ig4 40; cows and
heifers, it 25@4; canners, $2 25*53: stackers and
feeders, $3 4'i<?i4 50; calves, $3 50@« 50; bulls and
stags, $2 2:VS-3 75.
HOGS— Receipts, 6500. Market 5c higher:
closed weak. Heavy, $3 6508 60; mixed, $3 57H
@3 60; light, $3 60@3 65; bulk of sales, $3 57>.*<&
3 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 6000. Market steady. Na
tive muttons, $3 BO©4 40; Western muttons, $3 60
<g4 25; Btockers, $3 50@4 10; lambs, $4 25<g5 60.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Oct. 25.— Consols, 107%; silver,
28 l-16d; French rentes, lOlf 40c. v
Wheat cargoes off coast, buyers and sellers
apart; cargoes on passage, sellers at an ad
vance of 9d; cargoes Walla Walla, 31s lVfcd;
English country markets firm.
LIVERPOOL. Oct. 25.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California. 7r Id <§"« IVfcd: wheat in
Paris, steady; French country markets, llrm;
weather in England, raining.
COTTON— Uplands. 3 1-IM.
CLOSING.
LONDON, Oct. 25— WHEAT— Spot No. 1 red
Northern spring firm, 6s HVid; October nomi
nal: November quiet. 6s lO^d : December quiet,
6s l^d. Futures steady; October nominal; De
cember. 6s 5%d; March, 6s 5%d.
LIVERPOOL, Oct. 25. — WHEAT— Futures
closed steady; October, nominal; December,
6s 5%d; March, 6s 4V«d.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK, Oct. 25.— Special cable and tele
graphic dispatches to Bradstreet's Indicate the
following changes In available supplies of grain
last Saturday as compared with the preceding
Saturday:
Wheat— United States and Canada, east of
the Rocky Mountains, increase, 24,000 bushels;
Liverpool Corn Trade News, afloat for and in
Europe, increase 2,100,000 bushels; total supply.
Increase 2.124,000 bushels.
Corn— United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 338,000 bushels.
Oats — United States and Canada, east of the
Rocky Mountains, decrease 162,000 bushels.
The 'aggregate stocks of wheat held at Port
land, Or., anil Tacoma and Seattle, Wash.,
show a decrease of 268,000 bushels from last
week.
RESERVE FUND.
WASHINGTON. Oct. 25.— T0-day's statement
of the condition of the treasury shows: Avail
able cash balance, $305,313,479; gold reserve,
$240,293,900.
BOSTON WOOL.
BOSTON, Oct. 25.— There has been mora
business transacted during the past week In
the Wool market than at any time for seven
months, and the market as a whole Is steady.
Dealers are not disposed to part with their
stock unless at the full market price. Quota
tions:
Territory Wools — Montana fine medium and
fine. 14<gl7c; scoured, 47@4Sc; staple. 50@52c;
Utah, Wyoming;, etc., fine medium and fine,
14®16c; scoured, 47@48c; staple, 60c.
Australian (scoured basis) — Combing super
fine, 70@72c; combing, good, 60@68c; combing,
average, 62<§.65c.
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Oct. 25.— Exchanges, $428,598;
balances, $58,294.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Oct. 25.— There was a slight lull
In the wheat market to-day, although reports
of high prices came In freely from the In
terior. Exporters are having difficult}' In
lirlnjtlng wheat and ships together on anything
above 61@62c, and those are about the best
quotations that are made In Portland for Walla
Walla, but fully two cents better than this
was paid at Interior points, some sales being
reported at 50c In the Palouse, equivalent to
better than 64c in Portland. Valley, 64®66c;
bluestem, 66c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Oct. 26.— Export demand for -wheat
holds up well, and prices -re being freely quot
ed at 61^c lor club and 63>*(&64ttc for blue
stem.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days — $4 83%
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 SS
New York Exchange, sight — 17%
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver, per ounce — 60T4
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT FREIGHTS— Are firm at 27s 6d.
usual options. The chartered wheat fleet In
port has a registered tonnage of 22,000, against
78,000 tons on the same date last year; dis
engaged, 28,230 tons, against 15,800; on the way
to this port. 166,400 tons, against 193,800.
WHEAT— A more pacific tone to the Fashodft
affair had a tendency to weaken the Eastern
and foreign markets, and this situation was
weaker in sympathy. Futures fell off, but the
spot market, though easy, was no lower.
Spot Wheat— Shipping-. $1 23%@1 27%; milling.
Jl 28%@1 30.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — December
64.000 ctls, $1 25%: 12,000, Jl 25H: SOOO. $1 25%.
Second Session— December— 46,ooo ctls, Jl 26;
10.000, Jl 26%: 4000, Jl 25%; 8000, Jl 25%. May—
2000 ctls, Jl 27%; 2000. Jl 27%.
Regular Morning Session— December— SOoo ctls,
Jl 25 v»: 12.000, J125%; 10.000. Jl 25%.
Afternoon Session — December — 4000 ctls,
Jl 25%; 8000. Jl 25%; 6000. Jl 25%; 22.000, Jl 25 I,*;1 ,*;
12.000. Jl 25%; 2000. Jl 24%; 14,000. Jl 25.
BARLEY— The market is quiet and there is
only one large buyer on the market at present.
Quotations are unchanged.
Feed, Jl 20®l 23%; Brewing, Jl 25® 135 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— 9:ls o'clock — No sales.
Second Session— No sales.
Regular Morning Session— No sales.
Afternoon Session — December — 2000 ctls,
Jl 24Vi.
OATS— There Is a small local demand, but the
movement in general is light. No change in
prices.
Fancy Feed, Jl 25 per ctl; good to choice,
Jl 20@l 224; common, Jl I'jSTI 174; Surprise.
Jl 30®l 35; Gray, Jl 1601 17' 2 ; milling, $1 20^
1 27% per ctl; Red, Jl 40@l 45; Black, Jl 50®
1 70.
CORN— Offerings are large and the market
is neglected and weak.
Small round yellow. Jl 20: Eastern large yel
low, Jl 02H<gl 05; white. Jl 02' 2 iiol 05; mixed,
JKSI 02' i per ctl; California White. Jl ds(fl 07%.
RYE— California, Jl 20ftjl 22%; Eastern, Jl 17%
per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Eastern is quoted at Jl 75
per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR-Family extras, J4 15@4 25; bakers 1
extras. $4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 25 per 100 lbs: Rye Flour. J2 75 per
100: Rice Flour, J7: Cornmea!, J2 50: extra
cjram Cornmeal, S3 25; Oatmeal. $4 25; Oat
<?Toats, 14 50: Hominy. S3 25!g3 50; Buckwheat
Flour. S4HT4 25; Cracked Wheat, J3 75; Farina,
J4 50; Whole Wheat Flour. J3 50: Rolled Oats
(barrels), $5 8.V36 25; In sacks. $."> Go-fft! 0.">: Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, J4 25; Green Peas, J4 50
per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTT'FFS.
Hay continues slow, as buyers continue to
hold off. Bran and Middlings are unchanged.
BRAN— Jin Bo©l 6 50.
MIDDLINGS— fIB@2O per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $2fi p?r ton;
oilcake Meal at the mill, J31W31 50; jobbing,
! 60; Oocoanut Cake, J24<1i25; Cottonseed
Meal. S2BJS3O per ton: Cornmeal, J23 50@24 50;
Cracked Corn, $24'u25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat, $16917 50 for
good to choice and $14®16 50 for low hi- grades;
no fancy coming in; wheat and Oat, J15@17;
Oat, Jl4ffls 50; Island Barley, $12 60013 5": Al
falfa, SKI'S 11 : Stock. $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon, Utah, etc.)—
nominal.
STRAW— SO(??7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Pink Bean 3 are very weak and coming in
freely. White descriptions are steady, but
quiet. There is no change In Seed*
BEANS— Bayos, $1 SO<?1 90; .Sir.all Whites,
$2 05@2 15; Large Whites, fl 60@] 70; Pinks,
$1 70@J 75: Reds, $3; Blackeye, $3 25W3 50: Bui
ters, nominal; Llmas, $3 2.V«". 30; Pea, $1 SO®
2 10; Red Kidneys, $2 35@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, J4 50 per ctl: Yel
low Mustard, $4 25; Flax, nominal; Canary
Seed, 2>4<S ) 2%c per lb: Alfalfa, « 1 2 'iJ t ' :l -jC ; Rape,
2%@2%c; Hemp. 2^®3c; Timothy, stf«sVsc
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 25^1 40; Green, $1 50
©1 75 per ctl. •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions continue weak at the low
prices. Vegetables show no marked change.
POTATOES— 3O<g4Oc for Early Rose and 35©
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c
'<i 1 20; Oregon, 60<@'9Cc; Sweet Potatoes, 7oc \
for nearby and $X"l 25 for Merced.
ONIONS— 2S(3 4Oc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 35® :
50c per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 3<?f3^c; String
Beans. I*g3c; Lima Beans, 2<?T2Vic per lb: !
Bay Squash, 25<940c; Green Peppers, 40@60c;
Cabbage. r.oc: Carrots, 36@50c per sack; Bay
Cucumbers, 4:" . Tomatoes. So® 6sc; Garlic.
3c per lb; Green Okra, Bo®€6c per lb: Dried
Okra. 10c per lb: Ekk Plant. 35@50c per box; ;
Marrowfat Squash, $S@lo per ton.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
slised. raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25 lbs; sliced,
desiccated, 16(fi4Sc; granulated, raw, 13c;
Onions. 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, ISc: Cab
bage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes. 30c; Turnips, 25c;
String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
A car of Eastern sold at $5 for Ducks and
old Roosters, $6 for Hens, $5®5 50 for young
Roosters, M@4 50 for Fryers and J4 fcr Broilers.
Two more cars fall due to-day. Local stock
is quiet and not materially changed. Young
stock Is firmer.
Game continues firm at the rood prices.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys. 14© 15c fur Gob
blers and 13I&15C for Hens; Geese, per pair,
$1 25*il 50; Gosling!". $1 2,','ul 50; Ducks, $4ti-5
for old and $4C05 N for younj?: Hens, *4®5 50;
Roosters, young; $4^r, 50; Roosters, old, $4 B0;
Fryers, $4f(f4 50; Broilers, $3 5001 for larjce, $3@
3 50 for small; Pigeons. $14? 1 25 per dozen for
old and $1 50<§l 75 for squabs.
CAME—
Quail, $1 50-Sn 75; Mallard, $6@7 SC; Canvas
back, $6@10; Sprig. $4®4 30; Teal, $2 o'><i?3;
Widgeon, $2 50&3; Small Duck, *2; English
Snipe, U Bo©l 75; Jack Bnlpe, $1; Gray Geese,
$2; White Geese, $1<5125; Hare, $1; Rabbits,
U 2c@l 50 for Cottontails and $1 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
The Butter market Is simply demoralized,
medium grades being particularly weak and
neglected. Sellers refuse no reasonable bid.
Cheese shows no change.
The management of the cold storage com
pany at Petaluma state that only one lot of
cold-storage Eggs has been shipped from that
point thus far and that was on Individual ac
count; that they control the stored Eggs and
when they get ready to sell them will market
them as cold-storage Eggs. They further say
that the interior Eggs which have been re
cently coming In from Petaluma are from lots
stored away some time ago In cellars and are
not from cold storage at all.
BUTTBR—
Creamery — Fancy creameries, 23W24c; sec
onds, 20ft22c
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 22<g22'4c; common
grades. !R(fi2lc.
Pickled Goods— Firkin, IS-S^Oc; pickled roll,
19©21 c; creamery tub. 21®22VfcC.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed, 16516^0 per
tt>; Elgin, 22'<j22 1 *c.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 10(J?llc; old, BVi<£
9'/4e; Cream Cheddar, 10<S11c; Young America,
l64@ll>Ac; Eastern. 12rS13c.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 32 l i'<p7%c per dozen;
store Eggs, nominal; Eastern, 15<g20c for ordi
nary and 23ig25c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Limes are lower under the fresh arrivals.
Wine Grapes are In small receipt and prices
have again advanced. Choice Apples and
Pears are doing better. Table Grapes are
cleuning up better.
1/ItCiDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, $1 60@4 per chest for large and
$8 for smail.
Figs, 40<if60c per box, double layers.
Cantaloupes. 75c@$l 50 per crate- Nutmegs,
3f>'?r6oc per box; Watermelons, $s(gla per hun
dred.
Hucklebernes, 6@6c per rt>.
Quinces. ?sc<3sl per box.
Persimmons, 50c in single and 75c per box In
double layers.
Pomegranates, 40@60c per small box.
Cranberries, $8 per barrel for Eastern and
$2 50<f 2 75 per box for Coos Bay.
Ordinary Grapes, 25c(350c per box; crates sell
about 10c higher than boxes; Isabellas, 7r>cffisl
per crate; Wine Grapes, $2CHj?24 per ton foi Zin
fandel and $16@18 for common kinds.
Raspberries, $4<o's per chest.
Apples, Zs(g-&)c for common, 75@83c per box
for No. 1 and $l(gl 25 for choice.
Pears. 50c@$l 25 per box.
CITRUS FRUlTS— Oranges, $2i?f3 for Valen
clas, $1 60<gl 75 for Mediterranean Sweets and
$1 26^1 HO for Seedlings; Lemons, $1 50(52 50
for common and $3(i?5 for good to choice; Mexi
can Limes. $4isTs; California Limes, ; Ba
nanas, $1 25@2 25 per bunch; Pineapples, $3<3>4
per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, RAISIXS, ETC.
Peaches continue the only active description
on the list. Prunes continue as quiet as ever.
Raisins are in fair demand at the recent ad
vance. Nuts and Honey are firm.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes. WWlc for 40-50' s,
E@s%c for 50-60's, 4@4>4c for 60-70's, S%oSttfe for
70-SO's, 2%@3c for 80-90 - s, 2%@2%c for 90-100's
and l%Q2c for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. s@7c;
Peaches, 6@7^c for good to choice, 7Vi'3 > 8c for
fancy and 10@12%c for peeled; Apricots, 10® :
12c for Royals and 12@12Hc for Moorpark;
Evaporated Apples, ■ 7W.@7V4c: sun dried, 4©
4%c; Black Figs, sacks, 2<g2>4c; Plums, 4V4@
6c for pitted and l{il!ic for unpltted; Nec
tarines, 6<g7c for prime to fancy; Pears, 6@7c
for quarters and 8(?i&c for halves.
RAISINS— 3%o for two-crown, 4V;c for three
crown, s>4c for four-crown, s@6^c for Seedless
Sultanas. 3%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2@2%c;
NUTS— Chestnuts, 10c : per Ib; Walnuts, 6c
for hardshell, 7c : for sof tshell ; Almonds, 6@6c
for hardshell, - 13c for softshell, 13@14c for
paper-shell ; Peanuts, 4@s^c for Eastern and
4Hc for California. - - .
HONEY— Comb, 10®Uc for bright and B@9c
for lower grades; water white extracted, $H@
7c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, B@s&c
P IBEE'SWAX-24@26C per lt>. -' : : •- :
BEESWAX— 24@26c per Tb.
PROVISIONS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7%c per m for
heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, lO^c
for extra light and 12@12«4c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams. 10c; California
Hams, 9@9Hc; Mess Beef, $10010 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, »11@11 50; Family Beef, $12®
12 50; extra Prime Pork, $10; extra clear, $18@
18 50; mess, $16 50@16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c
per lt>.
LARD— Eastern, tierces, quoted at 6Hc per !b
for compound and 6%i97c for pure; palls, 7Hc;
California tierces, 4\@6c j>er It> for compound
and 6c for pure: half barrels, 6>*c; 10-lt> tins,
7Vic; 5-Ib tins, 7V>c. v«-.«
COTTOLENE — Tierces. s"i@6^4c; packages
less than 300 IDs— pails, 60 In a case, 9% c.
3-Ib palls, 20 in a case, 8%c;5-Ib palls. 12 ™«
case. S^c; 10-lt> pails, 6 in a case, B%c. »°-™
tins. 1 or 2 In a case, 7V4c: wooden buckets, Q-u
Tbs net, S^c; fancy tubs, 80 IDs net, .%c; nan
barrels, about 110 !bs, 7%c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Holders of choice Hops are asking the top
quotations. The feeling is firm.
Hides and Wool are unchanged.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium. 9c; light, SV4c; > ow "
hides. B^®9Vic; Stags. 6c; salted Kip, 9c; Call.
9c; dry Hides, sound, 15c; culls and brands,
12@13c; dry Kip and Veal. 15e; dry call. "c.
Sheepskins, shearlings, 15@25c each; short wool,
30Q»50c each: medium, 60-gSOc; long wool. 90c@
$1 10 each: Horse Hides, salt. *1 75@a _for large
and $l@lsu for small; Colts. 2»©soc; Horse
Hides, dry, »1 50@l 75 for large and *1 for
"TALLOW-NO. 1 rendered. V******^™'
No. 2. 2^@2%c: refined. «■©«*«: G , re '-iioc-
WOOL-IS9^ clip. Southern , Mountain, @ioc.
free North.™. 9@l2c Spring cUp-Southern
Mountain, 12 months'. S#llc; San Joaqu n ana
Southern. 7 months'. S@loc;
Northern, free, 12@14c: Foothill Northern,
defective, 10@12c; Middle County. 13@16c Hum
boldt and Mendoclno. 14@16c; Nevada. ™@\* c -
Eastern Oregon, 10®12c: Valley Oregon. 15<B'17c.
HOPS— IS9B crop. 12@16c per It).
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 47*6."c: Wool . Bags, 2G@2Sc; San
Q&entin Bags. ?4 85; Fruit -Bap. cc BY.C and
5%c for the three grades of white and .©So for
bCOAl^Welhngton.b COAl^Welhngton. »8 per ton; gew.Wrillng
in nu>irs- Psnngi Iva la Anthracite and IU »
in .giiifi' ppnnsvlvwia Anthracite £>t>6> ♦"»
Cann" Vper t' :ock Spring, • J£at le
Gate. $7 60; Coke, uer ton in bulk ana *n
ln C 0a RDAGE-Manila, 10% c; Sisal. 9y*c; Duplex.
"Mfc) FRUITS - Cherries. £ 85«1 40;
Peaces. *1 40(&l 75; Pears. *1 40; Apricots. $1 40,
"CANNED VEGETABLES -Peas. 85c@$l 25;
food peaberry. "SWVic tor sood to prim^ 10®
lie for good current mixed with black beans,
S&gio'ic for fair. &>i@»c for common to ordl
lO^fill for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Vic r iciia- ?ii9c for good to superior unwashed.
10><.«nic for good to prime unwashed peaberry.
GuatemalTand Mexican-14*@17c for prime J
fancy washed, 12@14c for good to strictly good
washed. ,"ir,.- for fair washed, .<g9c tor me
dium. :.',:• 7,- for inferior to ordinary. 12@Hc for
good to prime washed peaberry, 10%©11 c for
good unwashed peaberry, B®9o for good to su-
Pe pACIFIc a CODFISH— Bundles, 4c; cases se-
PACIFIC c< inKTSll— Bundles, 4c; cases, se
lected, ' 4%c; imitation Eastern, 5>,4c; boneless,
B%c; strips, :,V< :'■-,.•; blocks, sV4@7c; tablets.
7%c; middles, 6%@8V40 per Ib; desiccated. Si '4c
per dozen; pickled cod, barrels, each. $8;
pickled cod, half-barrels, each, $4 50
LEATHER Sole Leather, heavy, 25@28c per
IT.; Sole Leather medium, 24@25c; Sole Leather,
light 23{i2,'c; rough Leather, heavy, 24®'2r.c;
rough Leather. light 23@24c; Harness Leather,
heavy, 30@36c; Harness Leather, medium, 27®
SOc; Harness Leather, light, 26«5'25c; Collar
Leather 14(frlfic per foot; Kip, finished. 40«§45c
per Hi; Veal, finished. 50®55c; Calf, finished. 75c
(3sl; Sides, finished. 16«17c per foot; Belt
Knife, splits. 14@16c per Ib; rough splits, S@loc.
California Castor Oil, cases. No. 1. 95c;
barrels, 90c per gallon (manufacturers' rates);
Linseed Oil. in barrels. . boiled,, 46c; raw, 44c;
cases, 5c more; Lard Oil, extra winter strain
ed, barrels, ?6c; No. 1, 46c; cases, 5c more;
China Nut, 4.v/",r,.v per gallon; Pure Neatsfoot
Oil, barrels, 85c; cases, 70c; No. 1. barrels, 55c;
cases, 60c: Sperm, crude. 60c: natural white,
40c; bleached white, 45c; Whale Oil. natural
white. 40c; bleached white, 45c; Pacific Rubber
Mixed Paints, white and house colors, $1 2."'3>
1 35 per gallon; wagon colors, $2@2 25 per gal
lon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE AND NAPH
THA—Water White Coal Oil, In bulk, 12c per
gallon; Pearl Oil. in cases. l'Hc; Astral OH,
lTi^c; Star Oil. 174 c: Extra Star Oil, 2114 c;
Elaine OH. 22V4c; Eocene Oil. 19& c; Deodorized
Stove Gasoline. In hulk. 13c; In cases. 18 He:
Benzine. In bulk. 12c; cases. 17c; 86-dejrree
Gasoline. In hulk, 20c; In cases, 25c.
CANDLES— Electric Light Candles— 6s, 16 oz.
7V.c; 6s. 14 nz. 6'4c: fis, 12 oz. s'4c; «*. 10 oz,
4^c. Granite (Mining) Candles— 6s 16 oz. S^c
6<>. 14 oz, 7«ic; 6s. 12 oz. 7^c; 6s. 10 or, 6>4c.
Paraffins Wax Candles— 2s, 4s, 6s, 12s, white,
Sc: colored. or.
WHITE T.FAP-Ouoted at 6fT7c per th
TURPENTINE— In capes. 56c: In Iron barrels,
Me : In wooden barrels. r>3c per gallon.
LUCOL— Bolledj barrels,- 41c; raw, j barrels,
39c- oases. Go more. . -
QT'TCKPTLVErf-Ml per flask for local use
ard $37 for export.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cnph: Cuh» Crushed
and Fine Crushed. 7Ho: Powdered. 6<Sic; Candy
Granulated, fi^c: Pry Granulated. «c; Confec
l^n'-r.' A. 6c; Chllfornla A. *»'.c: Magnolia A.
K«c; Extra C. "'-<-: Golden O. r i\c: half-barrels,
Me more than barrels, and b^xes Me more. No
order taken for : less than 75 barrels or Its
equivalent. i
PAX FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
AH kinds are ips previously quoted. The feel-
Inir Is steady as a rule.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality. 6>4c: choice. 7c; second
quality. 6%06c; third quality, 4*?sc.
— Lnrire, fiifj'Tc; small. fi's<?}Bc per Ib.
MUTTON— Wethers, 6Vi@7c ; " Ewes, 6(^6Vic
per Tb.
LAMB— Spring Lamb, 7'<.(f?.Bc per Ib.
PORK— Live Hogs. 3>4@3?ic for large. 4^4Vic
for medium and 3'4®3Hc for small; stock Hogs,
:@3c; dr»ssed Hogs, sVi@6Uc.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Tuesday, October 25.
Flnur. qr sks ... 5,090: Hops, bale 1
Wheat, ctls IS Wool, bales 396
Barley, ctls 4.450 Pelts, bdls ?40
Cheese, ctls 78 Hides, no 599
Butter, ctls 109 Eggs, doz 6,810
Beans, sks 4.12« Quicksilver, flsk. 35
Potatoes, sks ... 3,321 Leather, rolls ... 45
Onions, sks 208 Lumber, ft 30.000
Bran, sks 200 Wine, pals 56.250
Middlings, sks .. r>sfi Sugar, sks 3.:>62
Hay, tons 37^ Raisins, bxs 3,090
Straw, tons 5 Lime, bbls 273
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 51 1; Hay. tons 10
WASHINGTON.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,100 Oats, ctls 17.680
Wheat, ctls 7.500 Flaxseed. sks .... 2.546
Barley, ctls 2. 030 i Wool, bales 70
NEVADA.
Hay, tons 30|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining: stocks were generally firmer, as will
be seen by the quotations.
Alpha is assessed 3c. The company haa
re-elected the old board of directors, with
Charles Hlrschfeld as president, Charles E.
Elliot secretary and A. C. Hamilton superin
tendent.
In local securities Oceanic Steamship declined
to $60 25.
The last monthly statement of the Alaska-
Treadwell mine shows 19,689 tons ore worked
and 2SO tons sulphurets treated, the latter
yielding $19,963. Bullion product for the month
was $59,374. The expenses were $21,500. The
ore averaged $3 03 per ton. The company also
sent down ?5271 for account of the Alaska-
Juneau mine and $1879 on account of custom
work. Regular quarterly dividend of 3"Vie per
share, or $75,000. will be paid on the 28th inst.
The Pacific Lighting Company has declared a
regular monthly dividend of 40c per share, pay
able November 5.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY, Oct. 25—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— \S F G & E.... S6<4 86\i
4s quar coup..lllVill2<> Fran .... 3 3i4
4s quar ng. . .110%111* Btoekton Gas.. 13 —
|s quar new. . .127 :v s l2Sii Insurance —
fs quar- c0up.. 105 105Vt Firem's Fund. 2oß —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks —
Pal-st Cab 55.. 115^117 Contra Costa.. 53 57
Cal El 6s 125 — Marln Co 60 —
C C Wat 55. ..100%— Spring Valley. loo% —
I)up-st ex c... — 98^4 Anglo-Cal .... 63 C4%
E L & P 6b.. 131% — Bank of Ca1.. 246 250
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Cal 8D & T.. — 100
Geary-st R 6s. — 100 First Natlonal.2lo 220
HC & S 51*8.103 _ Lon P & A.. 13014132^
LAL Co 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange — 16
Do gntd 65.. 99 100<4 Nev Nat 8....161 —
Market-st 65..125»4— Savings Banks-
Do Ist M Ss.lHty — Ger S A L..1600 1630
N C NGRy 7s. 106% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65..1t3 114 Mutual Say. 35 45
N Ry Cal 55. .104 — S F Say U.. 496 —
NPC R R 65. 103 106 6L L 50.... — 98
NPC R R 65.1fi0%101 Security S B 300 350
N Cal R R ss. — — Union T C 0.1025. 1025 —
Oak Gas 55....100%101 Street Railroads—
Ora Ry 6s 126 127& California ....108 109>£
P&CI Ry 65.10«!£ — Geary 45 —
P & O 6s 112 — Market-st 53% UU
Powell-st 65...— 123 Presidio 8Vi —
Sac El Ry 65. 100 — Powder—
SF& N P Ss.HO — California ....127 147
SlerraßCal 65.m4W05% E Dynamite... 85 95
S P of Ar 65.. 108 — Giant Con Co. 49 —
S P Cal 65....110%i111'<i Vigorit 2»4 —
SPC Is eg 55..' — 104 Miscellaneous —
S P Br 6s 115y4H5% Al Pac A55n.. 10354104
S V Water 6s. US — Ger Ld Wk5..160 —
S V Water 4b.103%103% Hana P C 0.... i«H 16%
Stktn uas 65.. 100 — H C & 8 Co. 45% 46
Gas & Electric— Hutch S P Co. 0214 —
Cent GasliKht.los — Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P... 8H 9% Oceanic S Co. 60 60>4
Mutual L Co. 8 11 Pac A F A.. 1% 2"A
Oakland Gas.. — — Pac C Bor C 0.104. 104 —
Pac Gas Imp.. 85 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Pac L Co 4*14 60
Morning Session.
10 Giant Powder Con 49 50
5 Hana Plantation Co 16 75
150 Hawaiian Com A Sugar, s 10 45 7$
B do do 45 75
80 Hutchlneon S P Co 8126
20 Oakland Gas f|j 00
20 do do ° 2 «;
60 Oceanic Steamship Co 6 J «"
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 Za
80 Spring Valley Water 10 Jl tV™
$1000 Spring Valley Water 4s Bonds 103 50
Afternoon Session.
25 Giant Powder Con 49 37»,4
28 do do «9 25
50 Hana Plantation Co 16 hi)
5 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 4o 7a
100 Hutchinson S P Co 62 2o
5 Oceanic Steamship Co 61 25
25 do do 61 00
25 do do 60 75
25 do do 60 50
25 do do SO 2d
$1000 Spring Valley 4b Bonds 103 oO
Street—
50 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
125 Central Light & Power Co 8 75
30 Market-street Railway 53 S7Vs
Afternoon Session.
25 Alaska Packers' Association 103 50
SO Oceanic Steamship Co 61 50
10 do do 61 37' i
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
200 Best & Belcher. 17. 400 Mexican 12
200 Con Cal & Va... 631100 Potosl 11
450. 69|l00Slerra Nevada... 6.i
100 Crown Point ... 09 200 Yellow Jacket... 14
300 Gould & Curry.. 17
Afternoon Session.
250 Belcher OS. 1000 Justice 0a
100 Caledonia 20: 200 Mexican 14
500 Chollar 09' 200Oph.fr "49
900 Con Cal & Va... 73;100Potosi _ \i
100 Confidence 37.400 Sierra Nevada... 66
100 Crown Point ... 09 100.. 6a
100 Gould & Curry.. 17 100 Utah 06
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Best & Belcher. 17 SOO Mexican 12
800 18 300 14
800 Bullion 02 400 15
600 Chollar 04 300 Ophir 46
40 0 OS 300 „. 48
300 Con Cal & Va... 6S 200 Sierra Nevada... 66
300 691200 67
200 71 > 200 63
300 72 400 Silver Hill 04
500 Gould & Curry.. 17:300 Union Con 21
Afternoon Sessioa.
310 Andes 10 300 15
JSO 00 1050 Ochir 51
20u Best & Belcher. 18 250 50
400 17 700 49
601) 16 400 52
3(* 19 300 54
1000 Bullion 02 JOO Potosi 12
500 Chollar 09 fOO Sierra Nevada... 67
1600 Con Cal & Va.. 74 300 66
600 73 800 63
300 72 450 Union Con 21
200 75 250 20
100 76 600 22
150 Gould & Curry.. 17 300 Yellow Jacket.... 14
7QO 16 400 16
800 Mexican 13 300 17
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
TUESDAY. Oct. 25—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. | Bid. Ask.
Alpha 01 03 Julia — 02
Alta 02 05; Justice 04 05
Anden 09 10!Kentuck 01 02
liflrher OS 10 ' Lady Wash — 02
Benton Con — 07 Mexican 15 16
Beßt & Belcher 19 20 j Occidental 45 —
Bullion 01 02iOphir 53 54
Caledonia 20 22 Overman 03 04
Chollar 09 10 Potosl 12 13
Challenge Con. 13 14 Savage 06 07
Confidence 36 42 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & Va. 78 79 Seg Belcher ... — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 67 69
Crown Point .. 09 10i Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 01' Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con ... 30/ —I Standard 175 180
Exchequer Or 02 Union Con 22 23
Gould & Curry. 17 11*1 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 90 95! Yellow Jacket. 15 16
ASSESSMENTS PENDING.
Company.
No.
Dellnqnt
In the
Board.
Day of
Sale.
Savage
Bullion
Belcher :
Con. New York...
Con. Imperial
Justice
Chcllar
Crown Point
Alta
Best & Belcher. ..l
96 ..Nov. 1 ..Nov. 23 10
53 ..Nov. 1.. N0v. 28 05
59 I.. Nov. 7|..N0v.30 10
15 ..Nov. 81. .N0v. 30 03
41 ..Nov. 8 ..Dec. 6 01
62 ..Nov. 11 ..Dec. 5 10
47 ..Nov. 12 ..Dec. 7! 10
75 ..Nov. 15 ..Dec. 9\ 10
60 ..Nov. 17,.. Dec. 20 j 05
65 1. .N0v. 181. .Dec. 13| 10
60 1. .N0v. 18 ..Dec. 13! 10
31 ..Nov. 20!. . Dec. 14 10
21 ..Nov. 2s^ 03
Mexican
Confidence
Alpha I
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
;oiumma
'oo? Bay I
Empire I
hilkat [
Ilneola
loanoke
amoa I
'orona
'zarina
Vashtenaw j
lam '
itate California;
"matilla 1
Portland (Oct. 26
(Newport |Oct. 26
Coos Bay {Oct. 26
jHumboldt Oct. 27
Tacoma JOct. 27
Seattle Oct. J7
IHumboldt Oct. 27
ISan Dle&« JOct. 28
jSeattle jOct. 28
Tacoma [Oct. 28
'Nanalmo |Oct. 2S
'Portland |Oct. 29
(Victoria & Puffet SoundlOct. 29
IHumboldt |Oct. 29
I Newport Oct. 30
jNanatmo Oct. 30
IPortland jOct. 31
ICoos Bay (Oct. 31
Humboldt |Oct. 31
iSan Diego |Nov. 1
Manila JNov. 1
iPortland |Nov. 1
j Panama JNov. 1
Pupet Sound X.>v. 1
'omona
lomer
'itania ,
alliance I
.rcata j
;orth Fork !
anta Rosa
t. Paul I
!eo. W. Elder..!
icapulco |
harles Nelson.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
Destination.
Pier.
mta Rosa. :9an Diego >Oct. 26. 11 am!Pler 11
imona IHumboldt |Oct. 26, 3 pm Pier 9
rcata Coos Bay |Oct. 26, 10 am Pier 13
jlumbla .. Portland Oct. 28, 10 amiPler 24
in Juan.. ..{Panama Oct. 28, 12 miPMSS
alia Wall. Vie & Pjrt Sd. Oct. 2S, lttamjPier 9
x>s Bay... | Newport pet. 2S, JnmPler 11
cvpland .'Puppt Sound.. 'Oct. 28. 9 am! Pier 2
lllkat ....[Humboldt ....[Oct. 28, 2 pmlPier 13
orlc IChlna&Japan'Oct. 29. 1 pmIPMSS
>rona 'San Diepo !Oct. 30. 11 am|Pler 11
ate of CallPortlaftd !Oct. 31, 10 ampler 24
omer |Newport |Nov. 1. 9 amlPler 11
. W. Elder! Portland 'Soy. 3.10 ami Pier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange* San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 25. IS9B.
The ocean current report thrown overboard
by Captain P. Moignard of the British ship
Gat-sdale on November 4, 1897, In latitude 7
degrees 17 minutes north, longitude 29 degrees
25 minutes west, was found September 22, 189S,
on Santa Rosa Island, Florida.
■CHAS. P. WELCH.
Ensign (retired), U. S. N., in charge.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, Cal., Oc
tober 25, IS9B.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building was dropped at exactly noon to-day—
I. c., at noon of the 120 th meridian, or at 8
o'clock p. m. Greenwich mean time.
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired). U. S. N., in charge.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange Is
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sall
fng directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory. Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, If any. Is published
in the morning papers the following day
CHAS. P. WELCH,
Ensign (retired), U. 8. N., In charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey—
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance tp San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26.
Sun rises 629
Sun sets 5:17
Moon sets 3:27 a. m.
t
5.51 9
5.S| 10
5.8| 11;
4.
4.
3:15!
3:54 1
4:36;
2:29)
3:10|
3:49)
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day In the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day, the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day, except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occur. The heights
glvan are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the heigh*.
and then the number given la subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low waters.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, October 25.
Stmr South Coast, Zaddart, 30 hours from
Ventura.
Stmr Del Norte, Stockfleth, 33 hours from
Crescent City.
Stmr Progreso, Zolling. 89 hours from Seat-
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson. 17 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Br ship Madagascar, P'-ide. 136 days from
Swansea.
Br ship Balmoral, Campbell. 13S days from
Swansea.
Italian ship Macdiarmid. Longobardo. 163
days from Hull.
Schr Newark, Beck. 16 hours from Bowena
Landing.
Schr Rio Rev, ' >hnson, 3 days from I
Schr Ottillie 1- ,<.rd, Segellforst, 21 days from
Kahului.
Schr La Chilena. Matsen. 10 hours from Fort
Bchr MajrKie C Russ, Kallenberg. 67 hours
from Eureka.
CLEARED.
Tuesday. October 25.
Stmr Pomona, Parsons, Eureka; Goodal],
Perkins & Co.
Stmr North Fork, Bash, Eureka; Charles Xel-
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. San Diego and
way ports; Goodall. Perkins &. Co.
Br ship Australian. Jolliff, Portland; Bal
four, Guthrie & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, October 25.
Stmr Whltesboro, Johnson.
Stmr Cleone, Millar. Albion.
Stmr Mackinaw. Littlefield, Tacoma.
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Ruth, Strand. Tillamook.
Stmr George W Elder, Hinkle. Astoria,
Stmr Greenwood, FagerluniJ.
Stmr Eliu Thompson, Eagles, Seattle.
Stmr Signal, liendegaard. Grays Harbor.
Hr ship Crown of Scotland, Jenkins, Alt-
Schr Ida McKay, Johnson, Grays Harbor.
Schr Norma, Larsen, Port Gamble.
Schr Charles Hanson, Dannervlg, Grays Har
bor.
CHARTERS.
The Tenkio Maru loads lumber at Portland
for Yokohama.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Oct 25, 10 p. m.— Weather
hazy wind NW; velocity 8 miles.
SPOKEN.
Per Maediarmld— Sept 22, lat 35 N, lons 123
W— Bark in ballast bound to San Francisco;
Oct 23 150 miles \V of San Francisco— Br bark,
signal letters L D B W.
Per Madagascar— Oct 22 In lat 33 OS N T , lonjf
128 15 W. Br ship Falls of Halladie, from Hull,
for San Francisco.
Oct 12— Lat 32 18 N, long 136 58 W, Br ship
Riverside, from Liverpool, for E?quim&lt.
July IS— Lat 7 21 S, long 32 W. ship L, Schepp.
from Philadelphia, for Nagasaki.
Oct 16— Lat 34 36 If. long 135 50 W, Br ship
Celtic Race, hence Oct 7, for Royal Roads.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
NEAH BAY— Passed out Oct 2&— Bark B P
Cheney, hence Oct 8 for Seattle; stmr Queen,
hence oct 23, for Victoria.
PORT TOWNSEND— SaiIed Oct 25— Schr Q W
Watson, for San Pedro; stmr Tacoma, for To
kohama and Honekong.
SEATTLE) — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr Leelanaw,
hence Oct 20; stmr City of Topeka from Dyea.
VENTURA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr O Loomis,
he GRATS t HARBOR-Sailed Oct 24-Schr Rny
Somers, for San Francisco; schr Eva, for Guay
mas; schr A J West, for San Pedro.
PORT LUDLOW— Sailed Oct 26— Bchr En-
F ifoSALIA-Arrived Oct »-Bkt»
Willie R Hume, hence Oct L
EUREKA— SaiIed Oct 25— Schr Mary Buhne.
for San Francisco; etmr Newburg, for Saa
Arrived Oct 25.— Stmr Chilkat, hence Oct 23.
SAN PEDRO— Sailed Oct 25— Schr Louise, for
L'mpqua; schr Lucy, for Umpqua; schr Dora
Bluhm. for Tacoma.
Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Alcazar, from Port Los
Angeles; brig Tanner, from Taconuv
VENTURA— SaiIed Oct 25— Stmr Geo Loomis,
for San Francisco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Oct 2.->— Ger ship Nereus,
from Yokohama: Ger bark Paul Isenber*. from
Honolulu; Ger ship Slam, from Yokohama.
USAL— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Sunol, from
Hardy Creek. FOREIGN poRTg
NEWCASTLE, NSW— Sailed Oct 24— Bark
Hesper. for Honolulu.
SYDNEY— SaiIed Oct 24— Br stmr Moana, for
San Francisco. •
rALLAO— Arrived Aug 31— Br ship Dunboyno
from Tacoma.
PANAMA— Arrived Oct 22— Ger bark Katinka,
from Newcastle, NSW.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Oet 21— Br stmr Brae
mar, from Oregon. Oct 23— Br stmr Columbia.
fr ANTW°ERp a^Sailed Oct 23— Br ship King:
George, for San Francisco.
COLON— Sailed Oct 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
SOUTHAMPTON — Arrived Oct 25 — Stmr
Trave. from New York.
PHILADELPHIA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Ar
gonia, from Liverpool.
GLASGOW— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Hestia.
from Baltimore.
GIBRALTAR— Arrived Oct 24— Stmr Kaiser
WilhPlm 11, from New York.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived Oct 24 — Stmr Staten
dam, from New York.
GENOA— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Fulda, from
New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed Oct 25— Stmr Belpen
land. for Southampton; stmr Georgie, for Liv
erpool.
OCEAN TEAVEIi.
fHOtaMSA The ss - for Sydney
fa Cfl Jlßr sails via Honolulu and
■ »■■■■■• Auckland for Sydney
U ™ . Wednesday, November
/V/l^N 2, at 10 p. m.
SiMrnQhinc; S. S. AUSTRALIA,
CylWllllJlUK w sails for Honolulu only
/ornnanU-* Wednesday, November
Wiiif/uiv^ 16> at 2 p. m .
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPEJ
TOWN South Afrrlca.
J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO., Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco,
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
w- - et earners leave Broadway
B»»^^ wharf. San Francisco:
t«i«li For Alaskan ports. 18 a. m..
yB«S3l3^ Oct. 3. 8, 13. 18. 23. 28. Not. *.
KR. NfilvEa transfer at Seattle.
Hsk!S| 11 For Victoria. Vancouver CB.
«£^W*S>»l C). Port Townsend, Seattle,
r^^^KiSimA Tacoma. Everett. Anacorte*
an( New Whatcom (Wash.), It
a m.. Oct. 8. 13. 18, 23. 28. Not.
. ._>■ «-.t-r fifth day thereafter, transfer at
a *F r or the er 'cn». Monterey. San Simeon.
r^fnoi . Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo>.
Cayucos, *"°" Barbara. Ventura. Huenem*.
?? #e t «!■ Oblspo). Santa Barbara. Port
'fIOKET OFFICE -4 ' New Mont«omer«
ft CO.. O^jMtM..
GOOUAi^. r^ Markrt Bt San n-anclico.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLA
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a.m.
CADE $12 First Class Includine Berths
rAnC $8 Second Class and Me«ls.
Geo. TV. Elder sails Oct. 7. 16. 25, Nov. J.
Columbia sails Oct. 10. 19. 28. Nov. «•_•■*'.-■-- ■■■
State of California sails Oct. 13. 22. 31. Nov. •.
Short line to Walla Walla. Spokane. Butte.
Helena and all points in the Northwest.
Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD. General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS A CO..
V 'V '•■ Superintendents.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r ° (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS &»•
(FRANCE). Sailing every Saturday <Vj«gH>
at 10 a. m., from Pier 42, North •"™ u »
River, foot of Morton street.
LA NORMANDIE Oct. 2»
LA TOURAINE £ T ov. 5
LA GASCOGNE Nov. 12
LA CHAMPAGNE Nov. 19
LA BRETAGNE ..Nov. 26
First-class to Havre J9O and upward, 5 per
cent reduction on round trip. Second class to
Havre. $45. 10 per cent reduction round trip.
GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
AND CANA ' 3 Bowling Green. New York.
J. F. FU' i CO.. Pacific Coast Agents,
1.5 Montgomery r-tnue, San. Francisco.
BAT KEVEB STEAMERS.
Steamer "Montlcello." : .
Mob.. Tner.. wed.. Thure. and Sat ,
8:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (S:3O p. m. ex. THara.|
maays. 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. to.
Eundays 10:30 a. m. and I p. ■>
Landing and office*— Mission Dock. Pl»r L
T»l«phon» Red 2141.
TAKE THE BOAT TO SAN JOSE
EVERY DAY AND SUNDAY TOO at 10 a. m.
Steamer ALVISO. Clay-street Wharf. Fare to
San Joee, We: round trip, 75c. Delightful Bay
Excursions, Alvlso and return, 75c. Telephone
Main 1560- • ,■.. ■ • ■ -BUTTLE IS ON
FOR SUTRO'S
MILLIONS
Clara Kluge - Sutro
Opens Her Fight.
AN IMPORTANT PETITION
SEEKS TO BE APPOINTED HER
CHILDREN'S GUARDIAN.
Wants to Be in a Position to Take All
the Necessary Legal
Steps in Their
Behalf.
The battle for the millions of the late
Adolph Sutro was opened In earnest yes
terday. Mrs. Clara Kluge-Sutro, who
claims to be his contract widow, struck
the first blow in the fight she proposes
to wage for a share of the vast estate.
Through her attorney, ex-Jutstiee Van R.
Paterson, she filed a petition in the Pro
bate Court asking that she be appointed
guardian of her two children, aged 7 and
6 years respectively, whom she has called
during the oeriod of their young lives
Adolph Newton Sutro and Adolphlne
Charlotte Sutro.
In the petition Mrs. Kluge-Sutro avers
that the children named are the offspring
of herself and Adolph Sutro; that they
have large property Interests within the
Jurisdiction of the court and in conse
quence It is necessary that a guardian
should be appointed to care for their es
tates. As their mother she prays for this
privilege. The children. It is said, through
a conveyance made by Sutro. when he
•was supporting them and their mother
in the home he built for their occupa
tion at Stelner and Clay streets, are at
present possessed of block No. 219. out-
Sidfl lands, which is valued at about $20,W0.
Through the filing of the petition it is
manifest that Mrs. Kluge-Sutro intends
In the near future to enter a contest to
the will of the deceased millionaire, if not
«n her own behalf on behalf of the chil
dren. She now seeks to be appointed their
legal custodian that she may carry her
Intention into effect. The petitioner seeks
to prove that she married Adolph Sutro
by contract after the d«>ath of his first
wife, Leah. Should she fail in her efforts
ablish this allegation she hopes to
establish beyond the peradventure of a
doubt that her children are those of
Sutrn, and thereby gain for them a share
of the rich estate.
ANOTHER VICTIM FOR
THE NARROW GAUGE
ORTHMAK MILLER KILLED ON
WEBSTER STREET.
The Accident Was on the Curve From
the New Harrison-Street
Bridge.
OAKLAND. Oct. 25.— Orthmar Miller, j
proprietor pi the Contra Costa Pickle
Works, was struck by the 7:15 o'clock j
narrow gauge local from the Alameda j
mole to-night at the curve on Webster
street, near First. He was thrown about j
fifteen feet and died fifteen minutes later !
at the Receiving Hospital. Dr. Strat- j
ton. who examined the body, found the I
base of the skull fractured, also a frac- |
ture of the collar bone and two broken
ribs. The dead man resided at 305 Third
street near Harrison, and from all ac- ;
counts was out for an evening walk. \
From First street ho was walking north {
on the east side of Webster street at a
point where the narrow gauge tracks j
cross the cement sidewalk after cutting |
through a vacant lot, in its course from i
the new Harrison street bridge to con- !
nect with the tracks on Webster street, ]
forming what some are wont to call an- i
other death curve in Oakland. '
An eye witness, whose name could not
b« learned, states that Miller was walk-
Ing along, apparently meditating, and
though the bell of locomotive No. 23 was
ringing, the whistle sounding an aJarm
of warning was not blown until after
the man was struck. Andrew Connor,
the flagman, signaled the train at the
First street crossing only about fifteen
feet away, but says he does not recollect
whether the whistle was sounded.
Coroner Baldwin has taken the remains
to the Morgue, and an inquest will be
held to-morrow night.
Deceased was an old resident, a native
of Switzerland, aged 65 years. He was
a prominent member of several lodges,
among them Vorvaerts Lodge \ No. 313.
I. O. O. F., under whose auspices the
funeral will be held. He leaves a widow
and three grown-up sons— Ernest, Fred
erick and Carl.
Death of Mrs. Harbour.
ALAMEDA. ; Oct. Mrs. Theodora
Harbour, wife of J. H. Harbour, died at
an early hour this morning at the family
residence, 1609 Railroad avenue. Deceased
was the daughter of Mrs. Albertina and j
the late Adolph Schroeder, and had been
a resident of this city for nearly thirty
years.
POSTUM CEKEAL.
HE IS ALL RIGHT.
Boy Knows When He Is Wei! Treated
"I write to tell you that whenever I
drink coffee it gives me a severe head-
ache, but I have Postum Food Coffee
now right along, and have a good time
with it, too.
"Miss Agnes E. Stewart has been en-
tirely cured of nervous dyspepsia by
leaving off coffee and using Postum
Food Coffee. I also know of another
case. Mrs. Annie M. Oilmore was very
pick with palpitation of the heart, and
she quit her coffee and took to Irlnk-
ing Postum Food Coffee. She is well
now.
JAS. J. CONAHAN,
254 So. May St. Chicago, 111.
"I am a little boy, but I know a good
thing.
"I have heard some of the boys say
that their ma did not make Postum as
good as we have it at our house, and I
told them that if she would boil it long
enough it would taste elegant. Two
or three days after one * the boys told
me they had Postum t that was
"out of sight." lam lots more healthy
now than I urr* to be when ma gave
me coffee, and I thought I would write
to you about it/
SISTERS, STEAM BEER
AND GROCERY WHISKY
THIS Is a harrowing tale of steam beer, grocery whisky and two sisters
old enough to be saying their prayers instead of clawing and fighting
eich other -Miss Daugherty, aged 67 years, keeps an unclean hovel at
257 Stevenson street, which she uses as a lodging house for equally cheap
and unclean people. Her sister. Mrs. Grace McLaughlin, like herself, lacks the
!™ o' temperance, and until a short time ago lived witn her in the lodging
house She has seen 63 years of temptation in this world, and whisky downed
her at the wind up. Yesterday morning she appeared in Police Judge Conlan s
court and asked for a warrant for her sister's arrest on a charge of battery.
She said she had a hot time last Saturday night, and was battered about the
head with a block oT wood by her sister.
Miss Daugherty denies that she had any trouble whatever with her sister.
pi c however sports two blackened eyes, which she says were presented to her
by a tumbler upon which she fell In an unguarded moment. In the afternoon
. us taken to the City and County Hospital by 8. C. Howard, a roomer, to
whom and his wife she has made an assignment of the furniture and busi
ness of the hovel for a consideration ot $1».
LIPKA SAYS HE
IS A VICTIM
OF JEALOUSY
Employs a Lady to
Fool Detectives.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Oct. 25.
There will be a lively contest for the de
cree of divorce between EJkan M. Lipka
and his wife, who has brought the suit.
For some time the affairs of the family
have been matters of common report, but
owing to the large property interests in
volved nu actual separation took place till
a few weeks ago.
Lipka says he Is the victim of a con
y on the part of his enemies. "Last
night 1 knew that my movements were
being watched, so I thought I would put
up a trick to test my idea," said Llpku.
"1 indui-ed a lady friend to go to my
room. Then she stole quietly away. -It
wan all v Joke t" f'»>i the detectives. Late
In the night I went to my room alone,
ami about 3 o'clock in the morning some
v<-i)]>jc called on me. 1 suspected who
they were, and seizing my pistol I told
them to go away. Then they called for
the police and raised a disturbance. I
had Sergeant Peterson bring my wife into
the room just to satisfy hi-r i was alone.
My wife has been very jealous of me and
that is the cause of all my trouble. My
wife is after my property, but 1 gueM I'll
have some of her money before this thing
is over."
Mrs. Lipka has been gathering proof for
some time and says her position is beyond
dispute. "I have assisted my husband in
business for seventeen years," she says,
"and now I want a share of the property.
He baa done me a great injustice, and I
propose now to let the whole affair be
aired in court."
About a month ago Mr. and Mrs. Lipka
were passing along Broadway late one
night and the husband was using very
abusive language. Police Officer Scanlan
heard the abuse and threatened Lipka
with arrest unless he behaved himself on
the street. Lipka replied very dramatic
ally that he had "something in his heart"
that the officer did not understand. Scan
lan told him that unless his vile language
1 at once he would take him to jail.
Lipka subsided at once.
A New Pure Food Crusade.
Those interested in the pure food move
ment will bggin their campaign to-mor
row and keep it up until after the next
Legislature adjourns. The movement is
to be spread all over the State, and every
candidate for the State Senate and As
sembly will be approached upon the ques
tion. To-morrow a. committee on pure
foods from the Manufacturers' and Pro
ducers' Association, the Board of Health
and the dirf-ctors of the association will
meet in the rooms of the manufacturers
In the Mills building at 3:30 o'clock to dis
cuss pure food legislation. Inspector J.
p Dockery and J. J. Dunne, who have
framed many of the laws and ordinances
relating to the question, will be present.
SAVED A COLONEL'S LIFE.
PRIVATE VJISSJIR Rescues a Spanish Officer
From .Mad Insurgents and Re
ceives a .Medal. I
OF THE many brave heroes who returned from Manila on the Rio
Janeiro, none have a more interesting story to tell and none tell, it
more modestly than does Private Rufus Pierce Vaasar, who has come
back with a Mauser bullet in his right thigh and a medal for brav
ery, which, by the way, he is too modest to wear. Vassar is well known
here. He is from New York, and is the grandson of the man who found
ed Vassar College, which bears his name. Young Vassar has re
sided here for about two years, and during the racing season he is a
familiar figure about the racetracks. When the war broke out he re
signed the pleasures of a life made eatry by comfortable remittances from
home, and enlisted in the Twenty-third Infantry. He went with his regi
ment to Manila.
It so happened that while doing police duty in the old town of Maryla,
on September 8, In one of the obscure streets. Vassar's attention was
attracted by cries for help. He ran to the spot whence the cries
came and found a crowd of natives surrounding a Spanish officer. They
had set upon the officer with knives and it was apparent that they were go
ing to make short work ot him, when Vassar fixed his bayonet, and with
out a moment's hesitation charged into the crowd. They scattered, but one
of them shot the young soldier with a Mauser carbine, the bullet taking
effect in his right thigh. As soon as he had been shot Vassar fell to the
ground and the natives ran. The noise of the shot attracted the relief
guard, who came to the assistance of the young soldier. But for Vassar's
interference the Spanish officer would have been murdered.
In recognition of Vassar's bravery and out of gratitude for saving his
life the officer, who was Colonel Garcia of the Seventy-third Spanish regi
ment, presented the young soldier with a medal. This is the keepsake that
Vassar has brought back with him, and which he will treasure In the
years to come.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1898.
Two Maidens of Three
Score and More Dis
color Each Other's
Eyes and Appeal to
the Police.
AVARILA HESS
IS TOO YOUNG
TO BE A WIFE
Peculiar Sequel to an
Alleged Elopement.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway. Oct. 25.
Edward D. Green and Avarlla Hess of
San Francisco applied for a marriage li
cense at County Clerk Jordan's office yes
terday afternoon, but returned home dis
appointed. The would-be bride gave her
age as 14. while the law requires that she
must be 15 years of age in order to marry,
notwithstanding the consent of parents.
Miss Hess' mother was present and
though they consulted the District Ator
ney no license was issued.
What is still more interesting is the
fact that it is stated that Miss Hess
eluped from Los lianos two weeks ago
with a young man named Wolfe. Yester
day morning she arrived in San Francisco
on" the steamer Walla Walla from Beattle
and was met by her mother and an older
The girl claims that she had no inten
tion of eloping, but that while visiting a
friend she met Wolfe, who is employed in
a lodging house on Market street. San
Francisco It was shortly thereafter that
she and a stranger left for Seattle, where
they were found in a lodging house by
the' police. The man escaped, but Miss
Hess volunteered to return to her home.
Nothing could be learned concerning the
antecedents of Green, who applied for the
marriage license, and his identity is
rather a mystery. He is supposed to be
either the fellow who accompanied her to
Seattle, or Wolfe under an assumed
name. ,
AGED WIDOW'S WOES.
Mrs. George Voges of Alameda Parts
With All Her Possessions.
ALA.MKDA.Oct. 25.— Mrs. George Voges,
old and an Invalid widow of a once re
spected citizen of Alameda, will be left
penniless and a charge upon the commun
ity, unless the law intervenes and protects
her from those who have taken advan
tage of her weakness of mind, and by
various methods persuaded the old lady
to give them all she had.
That she has parted with her all was
developed to-day In Justice Morris' court
when an attempt was made by a credi
tor to locate some money she was sup
posed to have received from the sale of
her household furniture.
Mrs. Jennie Woodworth of Eagle avenue
claimed to hold a bill of sale to the dis
puted property and she was brought Into
court. It was shown that a few months
ago she secured Mrs. Voges' piano and
moved it away to her own home. Later
much of Mrs. Voges' furniture went the
same way. The day before the remainder
was to be sold at auction, Mrs. Wood
worth secured a bill of sale to all that
was left, and took in the proceeds of the
Trie auctioneer states that the property
brought in the neighborhood of $200. Mrs.
■Woodworth swore that but $70 was real
ized which amount she paid to Mrs.
Voges, after the old lady's friends began
to interest themselves in her case.
Attorney R. B. Tappan has volunteered
to see that Mrs. Voges gets her rights.
He will take steps to have a guardian ap
pointed for her. and an effort will be made
to have the German Aid Society care for
her Mrs. Voges suffered a stroke of par
alysis some months ago and since then
her reason has been affected.
In all Mrs Woodworth has possession
of property belonging to the unfortunate
woman valued at about $600. She claims
it was given her to pay for her services
as a servant girl, but it appears that she
was in Mrs. Voges' employ but three or
four months. .
The Alameda authorities will investigate
the case thoroughly.
SUDDEN DISAPPEARANCE
, OF A COLLEGE STUDENT
ADOLPH GOETZ DROPPED OUT OF
SIGHT IN ALAMEDA.
He Was an Attendant at Stanford
University and Was of Ex
emplary Habits.
ALAMEDA, Oct. Adolph F. Goetz. a
student at the Stanford University, has
dropped out of sight in Alameda as com
pletely as though the earth had opened
and swallowed him. There is absolutely
no clew to his whereabouts, there is no
motive for his voluntary disappearance
and no apparent reason why he should
make away with himself. V*""
Goetz came from Palo Alto Saturday to
visit Mrs. A. H. Clark of 1417 Sherman
street. He arrived at her home in the
evening. They chatted over university
affairs and during the conversation Goetz
displayed a valuable gold watch that had
been presented to htm. He placed the
watcn, a silk handkerchief and a return
ticket to Palo Alto on the table. Suddenly
he remarked tnat he had an appointment
with a man at Park street and left the
house This was about 11 o'clock Satur
day night. From that time nothing has
been heard of the missing man. When
he eft Mrs. Clark he • told her he would
be back in half an hour. When he did not
return at the appointed tirm- she did not
SS®S«a sunnan
notified, but have been unable to find a
tr GG C oetz f e ™ "mention the name of the
man he intended to meet on Park street.
Mrs ctark Bays the leaving of the watch
and ticket was purely an accident on
Goetz' ; part She does not think he has
?ommltt?d suicide, and hesitates to be
lieve that he has met with foul play. He
, not thought to have had much money
with him. although there is no definite
information on this point.
Goetz is 25 years of age and of German
decent He was of medium build; about
5 feet 10 inches high, weight about 166
Pounds, dark complexion dark brown
eyes black hair, low forehead, smooth
face.' teeth short and set well apart.
Goetz did not talk with a foreign accent
and did not have the appearance of a
German. He wore a black suit of
clothes, brown overcoat, brown hat and
a pink and white four-in-hand necktie.
He was a young man of exemplary
habits. His only known relative is a
brother, who is at present in Manila.
The faculty at Stanford was communi
cated with, but could give no clew to
hIH present whereabouts. There was
nothing among his effects that would
serve to solve the mystery surrounding
hi« disappearance. .-.'■ /'; 11.
The following telegram was received
from Stanford University last evening.
STANFORD UNIVERSITY. Oct. 25.-
Great apprehension exists here among
friends of A. F. Goetz as to this young
man's whereabouts. He left college Sat
urday to visit a family in Oakland. Ar
riving at the home of. his friends in Oak
land he remained but a short .'While and
departed abruptly, leaving some of hie be
longings. His excuse for leaving was
that he had to see a person. A telephone
message from Oakland to-day Informed
the Registrar's office that the young man
could not be found in Oakland. Inquiry
here revealed the fact that Goetz "had not
attended any of his classes this week.
Goetz is a junior with ethics as major.
He hails from Glendora. Cal.
Test Case Over Fees.
OAKLAND. Oct. 25.-The case of Dr.
C M. Selfrldge against the city of Oak
land to determine whether or not exam
iners of insane patients at the Receiving
Hospital have legal claim for fees
against the city, which went contrary to
the plaintiff's prayer in Judge \\ ood s
court some weeks ago, haß been appealed
to the Superior Court.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, Oct. 25.— The independent
'■ Republicans held a meeting this evening
at Encinal Hall. There was a fair attend
ance Captain John Hackett and H. K.
Grim were the principal speakers. Other
candidates made brief addresses.
The Young Men's Republican Club will
hold a rally to-morrow evening at their
wigwam. W v est End.
The Friday Nigrht Cotillion Club gave
the first dan'cf of the season this evening
; at Harmony Hall.
| The chapel adjoining Christ Church has
ADVERTISEMENTS.
SENT FREETO MEN
The State Medical Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE. '-.
Free samples of a most remarkable
remedy are being distributed by the State
Medical Institute, Fort Wayne,- Ind It
cured so many men who had battled for
years against the mental and physical
Buffering of lost manhood that the Insti-
tute has decided to distribute free trial
packages to all Who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weaknr : resulting
from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele, or emaciation of parts can now cure
themselves at home. ',
The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
effect of warmth and seems to act direct
to the desired location, giving strength
and development just where it is needed I
It cures all the ills and troubles that !
come from years of misuse of the natural
functions and has been an absolute sue- <
cess in all cases. A request to the State
Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building. Fort Wayne, Ind., stating that ;
you desire one of their free trial pack- i
ages will be complied with. The institute
la desirous of reaching that great clas»
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
able them to see how easy It is to be
cured of sexual weakness when the
proper remedies are employed. The In-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent a free sample, I
carefully sealed in a plain package so 1
that its recipient need have no fear of ;
embarrassment or publicity. Readers are
requested to write without delay. .
RAILROAD TRAVEL. /
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via SaaMllto Ferry. \ .■■
FROM SAN FttAiM-iav-U 1O MILL, VALLEY
AND SAN RAFAEL. ' .
WEEK DAYS— *7:2O. '9:30. 11:00 a. m.; •1:44.
8:45, 6:15, # 6:00, 6:30 p. m. x -.
EXTRA TRIPS— For San Rafael on Monday,
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS—^OO, •10:00, "11:30 a. m.; n.-U,
1:00, »4:30, 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-6:25, H:U, 7:45, -9:80 a. m.;
•12:20, 2:20, *3:45. 6:06 p. m.
EXTRA TRIPS on - Mondays, Wednesday*
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m. ■ ■ ■ .
SUNDAYS— 6:2O,- *8:00, 10:00, ni:S5 a. m . ;
•1:16, '3:10, 4:40, »6:20 p. m.
Trains marked • start from San Quentln. .
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS-5:45, 6:45. 7:55. 8:40 a. m.:
12-85, 2:45, 8:E0.-6:2O p. m. • •. '- _
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. • • •
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 10:05 a. m. : 12:05.' 1:20. 3:20.
6:00, 6:20 p. no. ■ • -•• -'• • '.;..".'.
. * . THROUGH TRAINS. - ■
7:20 a. tn.week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Mills ■ and way
•■■:. stations. • ':.-"-■'-■■ " - . i
i 1:00 a, m. Sundays— Duncan Mills and way Bta'a.
been sold and will be removed from its
present site at once. The congregation
will meet Thursday evening to accept
plans for a new parish house. Work on
the new structure will be commenced Fri
day.
LAVIGNE AND TRACEY.
The Clever and Hard-Hitting Pugil-
ists Will Doubtless Sign
Articles To-Day.
Billy Lavigne, acting for his brother,
George Lavigne, met the officers of the
National Club at the Baldwin Hotel last
evening to arrange a twenty-round con
test between the "kid" and Tom Tracey,
the clever Australian exponent of the
game known as fisticuffs.
Al Smith, acting manager for Tracey,
was present, and when Mr. Groom of the
National Club called the meeting to or
der, he drew up articles of agreement,
but Lavigne objected to the percentage
clause of 60 per cent. He held out for 65
per cent, which the club positively re
fused to give. The percentage question
was argued at length, but Lavigne would
not concede an inch until he had had a
conference with his brother, who was not
present.
A vain attempt was made to find the
pugilist. Al Smith, on behalf of Tracey.
v.-as seemingly willing to Mgn for 60 per
cent, but as Tracey"s prospective oppo
nent was not present nothing was done j
in the way of consummating a match.
Doubtless the contestants and their re- |
spective managers wIH meet this after
noon and settle on the question of per- j
centage. which appears to be the only j
clause in the agreement that will prevent |
the signing of articles between two of the j
most expert exponents of the fistic game
at present in this country.
Two-fifths of the companies promoted
yearly in England fail.
PROCLAMATION.
• STATE OF CALIFORNIA,
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT,
SACRAMENTO, July 30th. 1898.
WHEREAS, The Legislature of the State of
California, at its thirty-second session begin-
ning on the fourth day of January.. A. D. 1897,
two-thirds of all the members elected to each
of the two houses of said Legislature voting
in favor thereof, proposed the following de-
scribed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to-wit:
AMENDMENT NUMBER ONE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
41 > - C
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment to section <
eighteen of article eleven of the Constitu-
tion, in relation to revenue and taxation, by
which It Is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 18. No county, city, town, township,
board of education or school district shall In-
cur any Indebtedness or liability in any man-
ner or for any purpose exceeding In any year
the Income and revenue provided for it for
such year, without the assent of two-thirds
of the qualified electors thereof, voting at an
election to be held for that purpose, nor un-
less before, or at the time of incurring such
Indebtedness, provision shall be made for the
collection of an annual tax, sufficient to pay
the interest on such Indebtedness as it falls
due, and also provision to constitute a sinking
fund for the payment of the principal thereof
on or before maturity, which shall not exceed
forty years from the time of contracting the
name: provided, however, that the City and
County of San Francisco may at any time pay
the unpaid claims with Interest thereon for
materials furnished to and work done for said
city and county during the forty-third and
forty-fourth fiscal years, out of the Income and
revenue of any succeeding year or years: pro-
vided, that any and all claims for making, re-
pairing, altering or for any work done upon or
for any material furnished for any street, lane,
alley, court, place or sidewalk, or for the con-
struction of any sewer or sewera In said city
and county are hereby excepted from the pro-
visions of this section: and In determining any
claim permitted to be paid by this section, no
statute of limitations shall apply in any man-
ner; and provided further, that the City of
Vallejo. in Solano County, may pay Its exist-
ing indebtedness incurred In the construction
of its water works, whenever two-thirds of the
electors thereof voting at an election held for
that purpose shall so decide. Any Indebted-
ness or liability incurred contrary to this pro-
vision, with the exception hereinbefore recited,
•ball be void. . v
; ..  AMENDMENT NUMBER TWO.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.
A resolution proposing to the people of the
State of California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, by adding a new sec-
tion to be known and designated as section
•even and one-half, article eleven thereof, pro-
viding for the framing by the inhabitants or
counties of local county government acts for
their own government. The said proposed new
section to read as follows:
Section TH. The Inhabitants of any county
may frame a county government act for their
own government, relating to the matters here-
inafter specified, and consistent with i and sub-
ject to the Constitution and laws of this State,
by causing a board of fifteen freeholders, who
have been, for at least five years qualified
electors of such county, to be elected by the
qualified electors of such county, at any gen-
eral or special election, whose duty it shall be
within ninety days after such election, to Pre-
pare and propose a county government act for
such county, which shall be signed In dupli-
cate by the members of such board, or a ma-
jority of them, and returned, one copy thereof
to the Board of Supervisors or other legisla-
tive body of such county, and the other copy
to be sent to the Recorder of Deeds of the
county Such proposed county government act
»hall then be published in two papers of gen-
eral circulation in such county, or if there be
not two such papers, then in one only, for at
least twenty days, and within not less than
thirty days after such publication it shall be
Submitted to the qualified electors of such
county at a general or special election, and If
a majority of such qualified electors voting
thereon shall ratify the same, it shall there-
after be submitted to the Legislature for its
rejection or approval, as a whole, without
power of alteration or amendment, and if ap-
proved by a majority of the members elected
to each house, it shall be the county govern-
ment act of such county, and shall In such
case become the organic law thereof and super-
sede any existing county government act and
all amendments thereof, and all special laws
inconsistent with such county government act.
A coDy of such county government act, certi-
fied by the President of the Board of Super-
visors or other legislative body of such county,
and authenticated by the seal of such county,
■ettinK forth the eubmlsslon of such county
rovernWnt act to the electors, and it? ratifica-
flon?y^ them, shall be made In duplicate and
dlpoMted one In the office of the Secretary of
State the other, after being recorded in the
X' of the Recorder of Deeds in the county.
,°' the archives of the county.
AH courts shall take Judicial notice thereof.
tC county government act so ratified may be
J^rXd [at intervals- of not less than two
ran by proposals therefor, submitted by the
feeislatlve authority of the county, to the
minified electors thereof, at a general or spe-
cTal election held at least forty days after the
Miration of such proposals for twenty days
¥£ i Newspaper of general circulation In such
count" Tna ratified by at least three-fifths of
?he nullified electors voting thereon, and ap-
proved by the Legislature as herein provided
For the approval of the county government act.
Tn E.ihmlttlnK any such county government act
any alternative article or proposition may be
SSUnted I for the choice of the voters, and may
be voted on separately without prejudice to
Ot Tt 7hall be competent In all county govern-
™lnt acts framed under the authority given by
?m« Action to provide for the manner in
*il7ni? the times at which, and the term., for
I.v.iVr>,'thP several township and county officers
Tther than Judges of the Superior Court, shall
& elected or appointed: for their compensa-
tor, -for the number of such officers, for the
t!o ' iMntlon or segregation of offices, for the
0011 Sir of deputies that each officer shall have,
an? for the compensation payable to each of
a u Entitles for the manner in which, ,he
??°« ?r which and the terms for which the
1 Tmbrrs If all boards of election shall be
Melted appointed and for the constitution
™i«tton compensation and government of
Th ?is »nd of their clerks and attaches:
such to or' scribe the manner and method by
Rl £? f v, «ii ejections by the people shall be con-
M .V ana may in addition determine the
t«t« and conditions upon which electors, po-
lUlcal pirtTes and organization. ; may partfei-
"«ev aa e nn r y a^uVy^ In the manner
county 80% ernmen. by the Legislature a,
nave en * p^ectlon of sections four and
aforesaid, the f l"-e (ilnK for the unlforrnltv
V .vstem county government; throughout
Vt«te and likewise providing for the elec-
the State, *".' ntinent of officers, and the resu-
tlon an d their compensation, shall not apply.
L at il? county government act shall, as to any of
«?i matters herelnabove provided for and de-
l^ e m such county government act. not be
c \w£t to any taw or amendment enacted by
subject to any except by amendment first
robmUted to the electors and ratified; in - the
manner ■ herelnabove set forth.
AMENDMENT NUMBER THREE.
(Being Senate Constitutional Amendment No.'
A resolution proposing to the people of the
state of California an amendment to the Con-
fmution oftlie State, by adding a new section,
f h« known and designated as section five and
one hal?lrtlcle six/ thereby providing for the
one nan. of a court, to be known as the
Court of Claims. , The said proposed new sec-
U|ectlon"s^aSThe°CU |ectlon "5^ aS The°Co B urt of Claims shall con-
.i«t of any three Judges of the Superior Court,
who may be requested by the Governor to hold
7o,irt at the regular terms thereof. The Court
of Claims -hall have exclusive Jurisdiction to
hear ard determine all claims of ■ every kind
and character against the State, under such
laws as may be passed by the Legislature, and
it* ludement thereon shall be final. The terms
of the Court of Claims shall be held as fol-
°ln* the City of Los Angeles, commencing on
the second Monday of . March: - -
1 , In the City and County of San Francisco,
: commencing on the second Monday In : July,
and
Is the City of Sacramento, commencing on
AUCTION SALES.
AUCTION SALE
■£& —OF— jfca
Trotting Bred Roadster and Draft
Animals— Mares and Gildings-
BY MONACO, WILD BOY. HART, BOSWELL,
ALB AN. EROS. ETC.,
Property of
ALICE J. VIOOET. PHOEBE F. JOHNSON,
K. GRADY, ESQ. J. NAGLEE
BURK. ESQ..
To Be Sold
Thursday, Oct. 27, 1898,
At 11 a. m..
At Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Ave. and Market St.
Horses at yard Monday. October 24, 1898.
' Catalogues now ready.
KILLIP & CO..
Livestock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery St., San Francisco.
•"""W Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
/L*<c«Jstl 625 KEAltsr ST. Established
Mtl l^n in 1854 for the treatment of Private
£21 llv^Vr Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
«j|Hfti*ajt*iyft diseasowettringon bodj-HTidmindaud
jY;-KFSafcJ3 Skin Diseases. Vhe doctor cures when
others fail. Try him. Charges low
7^»nß^Sflß Cnrf«ffn»rßntffd. Caliorwrite.
Sir. J. £'. «>IBBON, JBox 1957. 5an Francisco.
Weekly Gall s sl,BoDßrY6ar
Th.Trt». M M? of Nov «» b « <>« «ach year.
receive * " holding such term of court shall
«h»M L ? extra compensation therefor, but
out re , C >f IVe thelr actual "Pense*. to be paid
Th« t JJi% « enera L fund of the State treasury.
The Legislature shall enact all laws necessary
£U r * a " lx « such court, to provide the pro-
of this section. and l ° CalTy ° Ut the provls *
AMENDMENT NUMBER FOUR.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
--' •": ';■■■ No. 37.)
Rt A tJ" eS ? £",1? t0 P r °P° se to the people of the
«»•» „ California an amendment to the Con-
stitution of the State, amending article eleven,
by adding a new section thereto, to be known
as section number five and one-half, relating to
consolidated city and county governments. The
said proposed new section to read as follows:
•section EV£. The provisions of sections four
and five of this article shall not, nor shall any
legislation passed pursuant thereto, apply »o
any consolidated city fend county government,
now existing or hereafter formed, which shall
have become, or shall become, organized under
section seven, or secure a charter under section
eight of this article.
AMENDMENT NUMBER FIVE.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36.)
A resolution to propose to the people of the
State of California an amendment of section
fifteen and section sixteen of article five of the
Constitution of the State of California, by
which it Is proposed to amend said sections to
read as follows:
Section 15. A Lieutenant Governor shall be
elected at the same time and place and In the
same manner as the Governor, and his term of
office and his qualifications shall be the same.
He shall be president of the Senate, but shall
only have a casting vote therein.
Section 16. In case of the impeachment ot
the Governor, or his removal from office, death,
inability to discharge the powers and duties of
his office, resignation or absence from the
State, the powers and duties of the office shall
devolve upon the Lieutenant Governor for the
residue of the term, or until the disability sha.l
cease. And should the Lieutenant Governor be
impeached, displaced, resign, die or become in- i
capable of performing the duties of his office,
or be absent from the State, the president pro
tempore of the Senate shall act as Governor un-
til the vacancy in the office of Governor shall
be filled at the next general election when
members of the Legislature shall be chosen, or
until such disability of the Lieutenant Gov-
ernor shall cease. In case of a vacancy In the
office of Governor for any of the reasons above
named, and neither the Lieutenant Governor
nor the president pro tempore of the Senate
shall succeed to the powers and duties of Gov-
ernor, then the powers and duties of such of-
fice shall devolve upon the speaker of the As-
sembly, until the office of Governor shall •*>•
filled at such general election.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SIX.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 23.)
A resolution .to propose to the people of the !
State of California an amendment to section j
six, article nine of the Constitution of the State
of California, relating to grammar schools, by
which it is proposed to amend said section to
read as follows:
Section 6. The public school system shall In-
clude primary and grammar schools, and such
high schools, evening schools, normal schools '
and technical schools as may be established by I
the Legislature or by municipal or district i
authority, but the entire revenue derived from
the State school fund and the State school tax
shall be applied exclusively to the support of
primary and : crammar schools. Grammar
schools shall Include schools organized In a
school district. ■or union of school districts,
having more than one thousand inhabitants, la
which a course of study shall be *tau"ght which
will prepare pupils to enter the agricultural,
mining or scientific department of the Univer-
sity of California.
AMENDMENT NUMBER SEVEN.
(Being Assembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 54.)
IAI A resolution to propose to the people of th«
State of California an amendment to section
two of article four of the Constitution, in rela-
tion to sessions of the Legislature, by which It '
is proposed to amend said section to read as
follows: ■■>. .;,.
Section 2. The sessions of the Legislature
shall commence at twelve o'clock meridian on ;
the first Monday after th« first day of January
next succeeding the election of its members,
and shall be biennial unless the Governor shall
in the Interim convene the Legislature by proc-
lamation. The Legislature shall then remain
in session for twenty-five days, after which It
must adjourn to some date not less than thirty
nor more than sixty days from the time of ad-
journment. If the two houses fail to agree
upon a time at which they will resume their
session,- the Governor shall, by proclamation,
fix a date for such reconvening, which shall be
within the limits above prescribed. Upon re-
assembling the Legislature shall complete its
session. No pay shall be allowed to members,
for a longer period than seventy-five *i*y», w>4
no bill shall be Introduced Is either nous* ex*
cept at the first twenty-lire days of the session,
without the consent of three-fourths of the
members thereof.
NOW. THEREFORE, Pursuant to the provi-
sions of the Constitution, and an act of the
Legislature of the State of California, entitled
"An act to provide for the submission of pro-
posed amendments to the Constitution of the
State of California, to the qualified electors tot I
their approval." approved March 7, A. D. ISS3. !
the above-described proposed amendments are !
hereby published and advertised to be voted ,
upon, by ballot, by the qualified electors of the
State, at the election to be held throughout
this State on .
TUESDAY. NOVEMBER 8, A. D. 1898.
The said proposed amendments are to be sep-
arately voted upon in manner and form as fol-
lows:
Each ballot used at such election must con- !
tain written or printed thereon. the following :
words, whereupon the voter may express kli ;
choice as provided by law:
Amendment Number One, being: Senate f
Constitutional Amendment No. 41
(exempting certain claims against the
City and County of San Francisco, and
the existing indebtedness of the City Ye»
of Valle.io for the construction of its- — —
water works from the provisions of , No
the Constitution requiring such claims >.
to be paid from the Income and reve-
nues of the year In ■which they were
incurred).
For the Amendment? .. [ :
Amendment Number Two, being Senate '
Constitutional Amendment No. 10 Ye«
(providing for framing local county •{ ■ ■
government acts by inhabitants of No
counties for their government).
For the Amendment? v :
Amendment Number Three, being Sen- f
ate Constitutional Amendment No.
44 (providing for the creation of a
Court of Claims to determine claims Tee
against the State, and to consist of. ■
three Superior Judges designated by No
the Governor to serve without extra
compensation).
For the Amendment? I'
Amendment Number Four, being As- f ,
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 37 (exempting' consolidated cities Tee
and counties, organized or to be or-- -' . :
1 ganlzed, or holding a charter un- . N« •
derfthe Constitution, from certain leg-
islation In relatloTi to counties).
For the Amendment? {'
Amendment Number Five, being As- f 
sembly Constitutional Amendment
No. 36 (relating to office of Governor, Ye»
providing for s succession thereto In .
certain cases and removing disability. No
of Lieutenant Governor from holding
other office during term).
For the Amendment? I'
Amendment Number Six, being Assem- T "
bly Constitutional Amendment No. 38 Yea
(relating to and defining ■ Grammar — .
Schools). .. . " ' „ No
For the Amendment? \.
Amendment Number Seven, being As- (
sembly • Constitutional Amendment
No. 34 (providing for adjournment of Ye*
Legislature for. not less than thirty - .
nor more than sixty days during. each No :
session). : .<; - . - • : ■
For the Amendment? . I
Witness my hand and the Great . Seal of the
State of California; the day and year herd*
first above written.
JAMES H. T BUDD, Governor.
AttMt: L. H. BROWN. Secretary of State.
LSEAL.I >,; v: -:>:.--- • [
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
*~ "" ~r\ n " r ;
eoiTXIIKUX I>A«XFIO conriST.
• (pacific SV»TI!JI.I
train, |ei>T« mttl are <lii« to t%rrlv» ni
NAN IK4XIMO.
t (Main Line, Foot of Market Street.)
Wave — Fkok Oct. 9, 1898. — arrive f
•6:OOa Nilea, San Jose and W»y Stations... •S:*3*
7:O»i Benicia, Suisun and Sacramento 10:45a
7:OOa MarysTille, OroiUleand Redding t!»
Woodland 8i43»
T:O0 a Klmira. Vacaville and Runisey 8:43*
7:30a Martinez. San Ramon, Valiejo. Napa,
Oaiistoga and Sauta Rosa «il3*
8:«>0a Atlantic iixiirtas. Ogilen and I'iast.. Slid?
Bi3Oa San .Jose, Htocktun. Valley Spring,
lone, Sacramento, Alarjsvllle,
Chfco. Tehama and Red Ulutf.... * « 1 3 1
Ss.lOa Stockton. Oakdale and Jamestown. . 7: I S f
•*:3O\ Milton »7ils*
•:OOA Martinez, Tracy, Lathrop, Meroed
and Fresno....: 12:13?
9iooa Fresno, liakersfield, Santa Hnrlmra.
Los Angeles, Deming, El Paso,
New\Orleans and East 6r45p
Fresno. Men dot ■, Tracy and Mar-
tinez 6t45p
J O:OOa Vallejo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:4.1p
•I:OOp Sacramento lU*er Steamers *ll:Oi»p
1:OOf Mies. San Jose and Way Stations... 11:45a.
San Jose, Nileß and Wat Stations... :uils.v
2:00r Niles, Tracy, MxndoU, Maniord aud
, Vi5a11a...... 4il8»
Lirermore, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations J1O:13a
4i»Or Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo.
Napa, Cali«toi;a, Kl Verano aud
Santa Rosa oilSa
4iOOf Benicia, Vacaville, Woo .ll and.
Knights Landing, MarysTilte, Oro-
' Tills and Sucraiiionto IO:4»a
4>3Op Haywards, Niles and San Jose 7:43a
8:00 e Martinez, Tracy, Mendota, Fresno, .> ,V •
Mujare, Santa liarbara and Ijos
- Anitelt'S 8:43a
S:OOp Santa F« Route, Atlautio Express
forMnjare and Kant 8:4»»
3:30p Niles, Baa Jo«, Tracy, Lathrop,
Merced and Fresno.
5:30p Stockton 12:l«p
6:O«r ICiiri)pe»n Mail, Ogdeu and ICast '.1:1.1*
•«:O«i- Vallejo ■ 12:15*
t":OOp Vallc-Jo, Port Costa and Way BU-
tlons t»«4»»
StCOpOregou Ki|n-nui,Hacrßinento. Marys- '
title, Reeling. Portland. I'uget
Hoiiihl ami Bast 8il»l
' SAN UUMIUO AM) IIAVWAUOS LOCA!,.
(Foot of Market Street.)
1 JOelroNe, Semiimry I'ark, ? ~~T
SoOOa Kitchbunr, Klinliursl, -Si?*
iU;Ol)A 8«u Leandro.Konlh Sam io-i'ia
lO.uoa Lesadro, KMlu.lillo, ia':l!»*
4M:OOa • Lorenzo, Cherry ■ t i:4.ip
tl2:O0M and J2:4IP
2:O2 :O HajnarrU. i5:43p
7iO9p ( Rana through to Nile*. 7»43p
) I From Niles. I.
COAST IHVInIOM (Mnrroir «nnge;. "^*
. (Foot of Market Street.)
S:l3a Newark, Centerrille.San Ji^e.Felton,
BoulderCreek.Santa Cruz and Way
Stations 5 «50p
•SilSp Newark, Centerville, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creekv^
Sauta Cruz and Principal Way^ ■ —
Stations »1«:!»Oa
4:13p Newark. San Jose and Los Gatos... O:20a
tll>4sp Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and
Way Stations :~:30p
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
from SIR mKCISCO— Foot or Market Street {Slip —
•7:15 9:00 11:00*. a. 11:00 *2:30 t3:C9
•4:00 t_6:oo •8:03 r.M.
rromOUUJCD— root «r Br«4w»j.— "6:oo 8:00 10:O0a.M.
tl2:00 *l:00 t2:00 *S:00 ti:00 *5:00r.M.
COAST IM VISION (Broad Gauge). '
(Third and Townaend Stg.)
7:OOa San Jose and Way Statlmis (New
;.,' . . Almaden Wednesdays only) IjUOp
9iOOA San Jose, Tres I'inos, Santa Cruz,
Pacific <2ro«e. Paso Rubles, San
I. ii is (>l>i«|ui, Guadalupe, Surf aud
• Principal Way Stations 4:10*
I«:4Oa Sail Jose and Way Stations •*:<!<>*
1I:3Oa Saa Jose ami Way Stations 8:35a
•2i45i- San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park.
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San .lose,
Gilroy, Holliater, Sauta Cruz,
Salinas, Monterey and Pacitio
Gro?e # IO:3Oa
•S:3Op San Jose and Way Stations »«:OOa
•4:ISr San Jose and Principal Way Stations U:43a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33.*
s:;i«p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 5:150?
«::i«p San Jin: ami Way Stations 7:30f
f11:45p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30?
A for Morning. I* for Afternoon.
* Sundays excepted. { Sundays only, t Saturdays only
CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY,
tlboren Vbttm* Foot at Market Ski
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35.
S:3O, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— 8:00, 9:30, 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. J.W.
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAX FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO. 7:50, 9:20, 11:10 a. m.: 12:45,
8:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays — trips at
1:55 and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 3:40,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Scbuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave .-:.•, Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 16, ■
Week ! Sun- 1898. Sun- Week
Days. ! days. . Destination. days. Days.
7:30 am 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
B:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pm Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
Fulton,
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg.
Lytton.
I Geyserville,
8:30 pm 8:00 am) Cloverdale, 7:35 pm 6:22
[ Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guemeviile. ■ 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:2! pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
and
6:lopm 6:00 pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
7:3oam 8:00am SebastopoL. 10:40amjlO:25 am
3:30 s:oopm 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West i
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- I
serville for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs,
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Sprints; at Uklah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Witter
Springs, Upper Lake, Pomo, Potter Valley,
John Day's. Riverside. Lierley*s. Bucknell's,
Sanhedrln Heights, llullville, BooneviUe. Orr"s
Hot Springs, Mendocino City, Fort Bragg,
Westport. I" sal. Willitts, Laytonvllle, Cum-
ring's. Bell's Springs, Harris, Olsen's, Dyer.
Scotia and Eureka.
- Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market st.. Chronicle bids.
H. C. WHITING, R. X. RYAN.
General Manager. Gen. Pass. Agent,
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO,
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Cars
■ and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Cars
. Run on the Following Times
l>ave San Francisco. s:oo p. m., 8.M.T.W.T.F.3.
Arrive Denver 8:00 p. m.. W.T.F.S.S.M.T. .
Arrive Kansas City. .7:oo a. m., T.F S.S.M.T.W.
Arriv. St. Loul« 6:15 p. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arriv Chicag0....... .9:00 p. m., T.F.S.S.M.T.W. ■
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason-
able Rates.
YOU WILL BE COMKOKTABLR
It' You Travel on the Santa Po.
SHI FRANCISCO TICKET; OFFICE—^I2B MARKET ST.
TELEPHONE MAIN 1680.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Saoramcnto Office— -201 J Street.
Sac Jose Office — 7 West Santa Clara Si
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUII
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Oct. - 10. ' 1898, trains will run as follows:
hcuth-bound. : >r<- North-bound.
; "-■ -.•:,:: . ■ ■
Passen- Mixed. . Allxed. Passes*
E«r. I Sunday Sunday ger.
Dally. Exc'ptd Stations. Exc'ptd Dally.
9:20 am 9:25 am Stockton 3:45 pm 7:00 pm
ll:10amll2:-M>pm Merced - 12:50pm s:l3pm
12:4upra 4:ir,pm . Fresno 9:3oam 3:lspm
I:3Bpm 6:45pm HanfoW 7:45am 2:«pm
♦ pm 11:59 pm Bakersfleld 2:30 am 12:10 pra
I:ss pm| 7:sopm. Vlsalia ; 6:4oam IJO pra
Stopping at Intermediate points as reuuirea.
Connections— At Stockton with steamboat* at
California Navigation and improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily,
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at 7:15. p. m.
daily.
For jrUire connection* see official time tabls
or Inquire at Traffic Manager s Office. 321 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco. .•
"MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
- > - (Via s>auiauto terry.>
Leave ■ San . Francisco. : commencing , Sunday,
Sept. 11. isos: ~~'r;y?'. t V
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m. -
Sundays— B:oo, 10:00. 11:30 a. m.. 1:15 p. m. .
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1. ,
THOS. COOK ; - & SON. Agents, (21 Market
street, San Francisco. %
910
INCREASED
OVER SIX
MILLIONS
The Southern Pacific
Reports Progress.
AN ARMY OF EMPLOYES
WHAT THEY RAKE DOWN AN
NUALLY.
The General Officers Get an Average
Salary of $16 53 Per Day, the
Understrappers
$2 50.
The Southern Pacific Company yester
day filed with the Railroad Commission
ers its overdue annual report of the
Southern Pacific Railroad for the year
ending June 30, IS9B. It appears by the re
port of the Southern Pacific, which as
lessee includes the Central Pacific, that
the gross earnings of the operating de
partment were about $6,000,000 more than
the year before. In the preceding year the
gross earnings were $30,314,335 3S, while
this last year they were 541.579.6T8 87.
Summarized the receipts and expenses
and net income are shown In the follow
ing table:
| Lines In
l^'Ulslana.
Pacific
System.
!>ts—
Gross earnings
L*'<e operating expenses
I $4,243,449 S7 \
' 2.370,865 72 j
' $1,872,584 15 j
220,432 75 |
$2,093,016 90 j
1 $37,636,223 00
| 22.225.732 44
j $15,410,496 56
523,533 94
| $15,934,490 50 i
$41,579,67S S7
| 24.596.598 16
$17,253,0b0 71
744.426 69
$18,027,507 40
Income from operation
Income from other sources
Total income
Expenses—
Interest on funded debt accrued •••
Interest on interest bearing current liabilities accrued..
Rents for lease of road
Tii xv.-=
Permanent improvements
Other deductions
i t
; $ 152,190 00
$ 152.190 00
244,407 92
15,674,548 10
1.277,482 50
1.562,573 11
94.482 11
5 244.407 92
14.111. 99
1,183,000 39
11,403 1"
20,263 99 ■
" "31,657 09
Total deductions from income
Nk Income
; 11.509.245 22 '
:ri t>s |
$15,571,040 39
363.450 11 i
$17,380,285 61
6*7,221 79
The total passenger revenue for the year
v- < H0.779 . be total fn-ißht reve
nue was $23,895,756 43, us against $19,155,-
25 for the year before.
I let ween June 30, 1897, and June 30
th- Pacific system alone carried 20,223,806
p.gers that paid fare, and the
c 19.151,559. In paid freights on
the Pacific system it carried M14.:>f.l tons,
as againsi r the year pre
%. The fatalities and injuries en the
■ system for the year are as fol
lows:
ON* TRAIN'S.
;u';ir passengers ]
spaas ra j
13
71
22
118
us
280
ilnmen
Totals
dti-.t-r Kir,. ls . f A ddentß—
'<> passengers
106 I
51«
....
9
13
o trainmen
i
The number, character ar.d remuneration of
the employee of the Pacific system alone ia
shown in the following table:
Total
yearly pay.
Ay.
daily
pay.
N i.
General officers | 62
)ther officers 9
spr.eral office clerks 565
Station agents 548
Either station men 1.213
Cngine men "IS
men 771
"onductors 455
)ther trainmen 924
Machinists 435
Carpenters 752
■)ther shopmen ' 3,481
;«-ctipn foremen 576
)ther trackmen 8,485
Switchmen, flagmen, etc. 503
relci^rui h operators and
dispatchers ! 242
Employes, floating equip-
ment 377
\.ll other employes and
laborers ; 1.625
62
$374,155 82 $16 R
44.000 04 j 13 Si
619.709 76 3 0
455.01$ 43 2SI
931. 7 M) SS 241
1,104.768 8? 49,
619. SS i 00! 2 .7
573. Sl6 19 4ft
857.706 60 29)
454,818 60 1 3. :
746. 72 30(
2.653,028 32 24-
473.739 00 26.
1 1.496.216 52! 1 3!
431.959 44 2T.
243,062 28 3"<
■-■-- ■■' -: ■■"'• - • ■
294.114 24 251
I .-. : ■■•■-
_
, 1.375.256 52 2 7
, 7.*>7,
,12 39!
THE VALLEY ROAD.
Its Annual Report Shows a
Largely Increased Freight
Tonnage.
The second annual report of the San
Francisco and San Joaquin Valley Rail
way Company was filed in the urnce of the
Railroad Commissioners yesterday. The
total mileage of the road in operation is
BIG BILL LANGE DRIFTS
IN FROM THE WINDY CITY
BILL LANGE has made another home run. This time, however the
score was not made on the diamond. It was simply a running of the
bases from the Windy City to No. 1 Spruce street, where Willie re
sides with his parents. t
Yesterday afternoon between the hours of 4 and a o clocK tne i.,ange
boy was on exhibition alone the
line from Powell and Market
streets to Sutter and Kearny. It
was the same old story of hand
shaking and hat-raising that has
punctuated the career of the
world's famous center fielder or
the Chicago baseball team since
he has been classed among the top
notchers.
Frobably there is no better known
or more popular professional man
than Bill Lange before the public.
He is equally at home on Michigan
avenue, Chicago; Broadway. New
York, or Kearny and Market
streets, San Francisco. On these
three thoroughfares he is known to
all. and when he cavorts along
either he generally holds the center
of the stage, with a full calcium
and tumultuous applause.
Of late there has been a great
deal of talk about "Bill's 11 resign
ing from the Chicago Club to Join
the New York Giants. He was said
to be suffering from a "Charley horse" and other troubles of the lower
limbs. His word and appearance belie these idle rumors. He will remain
the bright, particular feature of the Windy City team, and if he has a
"Charley horse" he Is not aware of the fact. Lange's trouble with
Burns, the new manager of the Chicago team, was the result of his friend
ship for "Pop" Anson, who forsook the Lake team for the great metropolis.
It is all fixed up now and "Bill" will be, as ever, the white-haired boy of
the pork packers' pride.
In addition to hie mountainous physique and smile of sunshine Lange
has returned with a wardrobe that defies competition. For two weeks pre
vious to his forsaking Chicago he had a force of tailors, hatters and boot
makers—you always say boot-making in the East— working day and night,
building#iim an outfit that will make J. Waldie Kirk look like 30 cents,
in a fog. *
He carries twenty-two vests, twenty-eight pairs of trousers, ten suits,
three overcoats, and the sum total of his shirts and neckwear would take
up too much space to tell.
Yesterday he appeared in a symphony of brown. To-morrow he will
blow along the line clad in a conceit in blu<-. Saturday he promises to
fease the multitude with an effect in gray. It took two men four hours to
count his socks, which are in all shades and paterns ranging from the cus
tomary close-spun silk to the more delicate open-worked lace.
When Mr. Lange bids adieu now he says "good night." with a deter
mined, decided and derisive accent on the "night." the same being a bit of
delicate pcarcasm much affected by the smart set of the East. On Sunday
"Bill" will be seen "meandering over the Presidio golf links, with a brace
of "Caddy" boys carrying his "irons." When he plays golf he always
assumes a decided Scotch accent and says, "Hoot! now," every time he
soaks the ball.
He is not decided whether he will take part in any of the local ball
g-ames during his stay here. Next week he will be given a formal reception
and dinner by an exclusive and secret club of which he Is a shining light.
given as 277.34, and there is no property
leased or otherwise assigned for opera
1 The total amount of stock issued and
outstanding is $2,474,800. the capitalization
being $6,000,000. The amount of In^st
that has accrued on the funded debt dur
ing the year is $75.162 48; the amount paid
$4? 775 "The balance of cash assets (not
Including materials and supplies) is *U4.
664 26. The total cost of construction and
equipment to June 30. 189S ie ; put at $4,971 -
546 81. or an average cost of Jto»2P
mile The total passenger earnings were
$79 «5 23 and the total freight earnings
$330 476 li, the total gross earnings from
operation being $-111,079 16.
The operating expenses for the j ear
amounted to $282.325 22. The total num
ber of employe* including general offl
r.-<r.-< a 60ft The freight originating on the
road amounted to 151.624 tons; .received
from connecting roads and other carriers
Ifi 423-making a total frelgnt tonnage of
l?i 047, iis against 111,120 tons for the pre
ceding year. _
SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA CO.
Its Annual Report Shows a
Flourishing Business
Progress.
The annual report of the Southern Cali
fornia Railway Company, which is, in ef
fect, that portion of the Santa Fe road
operated in this State, was filed with the
Railroad Commissioners yesterday. The
t&tal mileage operated is 488.02. ma
earnings from operation have been $A
53y717 21; the operating expenses, *1,541.
257*07- making the income from operation
$69$ 4CO 14 The interest on the funded
debt accrued is $252,72 di the interest on
the interest bearing current liabilities ac
crued $94 41, and taxes $74,849 88, making
the total deduction from income J357,
664 29, and the net Income. $341,195 So.
A HOME FOR GIRLS.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson Has a Project
for Aiding Worthy Toilers.
Rev. John A. B. Wilson, pastor of How
ard street Methodist Church, is about to
open a home where working girls of slen
der means can enjoy all the comforts of
a home at small expense, without being
bound by irksome rules or prisonlike n?g
lons. In 1593 he opened a similar
home in New York City, which has since
become one of the great institutions of
that place. It will be on a common
sense basis, the only recommendation re
quired being character and industry, and
it will be entirely independent so far as
or religious belief is concerned.
Simply a home for the homeless, whose
means are limited.
A few donations have already been re
ceived, but more an 1 needed before the
institution can be placed on a self-sup
portlng basis. One gentleman has prom
ised $lv a month for rent and $100 addi
tional to go toward expenses of opening,
and .i. lady has promised $15 per month
and made a donation of $20. Subscrip
tions will be received by Miss Alice Mor
rison. 618 Hyde street, or Rev. John A.
B. Wilson. 643 Howard street.
HUNDREDS VISIT THE FAIR.
Holy Cross Bazaar Attracting People
From All Parts of the City.
Holy Cross Fair is still affording an at
traction to the general public. Native
Sons' Hall, where it is being held, Is
crowded nightly by people from all parts
of the city who visit it to enjoy the many
intei eating entertainments rendered un
der the direction of the ladies in charge
of the various booths.
The celebrated jig dancers, O'Connor
and Kelleher, were the chief attraction
last evening, and by general request will
again appear Friday evening. With
them will also appear the young lady
dancers who performed successfully with
them at the Irish Fair given recently at
tin- Mechanics' Pavilion.
The fair will continue until next Mon
day night, when the various articles will
be either raffled or s,>ki at auction.
Outwitted the Chinamen.
Sergeant McManus and posse raided a
fantan game at the corner of Jackson
and Dupont streets last night and cap
tured forty-one men, $87 and a gambling
layout. The officers outwitted the wily
Chinese, who made an effort to get rid
of th«ir evidence against them. Usually
the beans are thrown down a waste pipe.
The police knowing of this before mak
ing the raid disconnected the pipe and
placed a Back at the bottom. After the
raid all of the evidence was found in the
sack.
Lurline Salt Water Baths.
Buph and Larkin sts. Swlmm'ng, Russian, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater direct from ocean.
THE &AJS FRAJS CISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER *J6, 1893.
BAD BREAK OF
PHELAN AND HIS
FOOL DEFENDER
A Malicious Attack on Creswell
Shows the Mayor's In=*
competency.
Assertions and Claims That Are Based on fflis=
statements and Without Foonda=
tion in Fact.
"Hefting" Mayor Phelan Is a living ex
emplification of the fact tliat "whom the
gods would destroy they first make mad."
With failure and political ruin staring
j him in the face— driven to desperation by
! his dire distress— made mad before de
struction. Phelan, through the columns of
his Subsidized Bulletin, has attempted to
' build himself up by beating down an
honorable and respected citizen.
In an article of almost two columns,
filled with fulsome laudation, it is at
tempted to make the "hefting" Mayor
almost a demigod and the paragon of all
excellence. But in order to do this It
was found necessary to make a malicious
and slanderous attack on ex-City and
! County Attorney Creswell. This article
1 makes the specific statement that Brod
erick and Creswell were unfavorable to
the city's interests and opposed the char
i ter election. . .
Phelan, or whoever wrote the story for
! him evidently overlooked the fact that
! the records of the matter are in exist
! ence. Those records show that Creswell
i amended Phelan's motion as to the time
! of holding the election and this amend-
I ment carried. The entire Board of Elec
i tion Commissioners voted for the charter
i election. The statement in the Bulletin
! is false in detail and in general, and 13
i without the slightest foundation in fact.
Notwithstanding the fact that the roof
' of the New City Hall is one of the best
in the country and has been ao proven,
1 and notwithstanding the further fact
that Phelan was proven ill-advised
and ignorant when he began his fight on
: the roof, which, for some unexplained
reason, he fought with an animosity that
: seemed born of personal feeling, he haa
i the effrontery to lay claim to having it
; painted to keep it from leaking. Tha
paragraph in the remarkable article in
i the Subsidized Bulletin relating to the
! roof is a tissue of falsehoods from be
' ginning to end, as the records of the
i meetings of the City Hall Commissioners
', plainly show.
The reports covering the few meetings
I of the Commissioners when the roof was
I under discussion make very interesting
reading. The "posing" Mayor was not
satisfied with the fact that Dr. D. K.
Mellis, Professor Thomas Price and F. T.
Shea had thoroughly examined the ro<\f
I and pronounced it perfect, but he went
I forth and picked up Lieutenant C. L. Pot
i ter, of the United States army engineer
i corps, and Fred H. Ricken, and got them
, to make an examination.
When the Commissioners remembered
' that Potter was the same man who made
a report that caused the Examiner, Pbe
lan's other organ, to demand the indict
WITNESSES ARE LIMITED
TO TWO-BIT MEALS
JUDGE GREENE OPPOSED TO
UNDUE HIGH LIVING.
Particularly When the Accused,
Adolph Silva, Is Slowly Dying
at the Alameda County
Jail.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 .Broadway. Oct. 25.
"We don't keep a high-priced boarding
house here," said Superior Judge Greene
this afternoon in stentorian tones, ad
dressing Jesus Goodfell. a witness in the
retrial of Adolph Silva, who was convict
ed last June on a charge of grand lar
ceny in having stolen several head of
cattle from H. N. Christensen.
The particular remark above quoted
was called forth while Judge Greene was
fixing upon and doling out the witness
fees for the day's attendance. Many of
the witnesses hailed from Uivermore and
Antloch, and of course witnesses attend
ing criminal trials are allowed their fare
and necessary expenses. In summing up
Jesus Goodfell's expenses Judge Greene
allowed for the fare and two meals at &
cents each.
"That makes $3 40," remarked his
Honor.  T , 
"I do not eat 25-cent meals, Mr. Judge,
replied the witness. My dinner costs me
U °" ( it nt does. eh?" retorted his Honor.
"Well, that's too much, and we don t keep
a high-priced boarding house here.
Thomas Shine, the next witness, came
all the way from Antioch. He was al
lowed $5. but this also included only 2o
cent meals, and he. too, had unfortunate
ly managed to drop into the wrong rea-
But no argument would be listened to
by his Honor ani the witnesses left the
courtroom much exercised and dis
gruntled. Next time they will bring their
lunches probably. .
Silva. the accused, has been in the
County Jail ever since February 26 1897.
Life behind the bars is hastening his
death He is suffering from consumption
in its advanced stages, and for months
has been under treatment by Dr. Porter.
Certain it is tnat he has but a short whi c
to live, and the ultimate outcome of his
trial does not seem to bother him to any
great extent.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Marcaret O. Coney (Alexander) to Excelsior
Lo^n Association !ot on W line of Bn-der.cK
street 100 N of Grove. N 2o by V. 100, $10.
William and Minnie Knopf to Joseph Huber,
lot on B v" of Florida street. 85 S of Twenty
fiTlexS ander by H E and : D mie 1,. Buhne to Annie
L RlDh" nburgh (wife of William), lot on N
Une of Twenty-seventh street. 150 W of Guer
"&«S*V"*£ Marfk. Carrol, to Adrian
Merle lot on BE line of Mission street. 7o SW
of F?rst SE 80 by SW 98:3; grant.
Estate of Edward Hull (by Joseph D Grant,
trustee) to E. V. Hull, undivided 1-3 of lot on
E corner of Market and Seventh streets. SE 165
%% NCN C a°nd"AiLnle Van Nostrand (by B. P
Oliver commissfoner) to Hibernia Savings and
tian «socletv lot on SE line of Folsom street,
SW ? of Eimn. SW 25 by SE 90: $4363.
B and Anna M Pfarrer. E. B. Stone and C.
F and Kate Humphrey (by B. P.J Oliver com
misooner) to -Frederick T. Duhring : Urustee
State of JC. Beideman). lot on W line of
Fifth avenue, 300 N of D (or Fulton) street, N
™c/ntornl&''TMe; Insurance and Trust Com
pany to Matilda M. Atkinson, 10t .13 .block 6.
subdivision 1 of Castro-street Addition; «<>.
Charles W. Chapman to Ferdinand E. He»
th«i lot on N line of Belgrave avenue, 700:5
E of Siangan street. E 25 by N 100. lot 27.
block 6. Clarendon Heights; $10.
Alameda County.
A W and Bella Kuch to John C. Wright,
lot on S line of Addlson street. 175:2 W of Shat
tuck avenue. W 50 by S 134.62. being lot 22 on
subdivision map. block 1. Shattuck Tract, quit
claim deed, Oakland; $200. ..._.. _
John R. and Mary W. Glascock to Freda H.
T'nfue (wife of J. F. W.). lot on S line of
Seventh street, 75 W of Jackson, W 25 by S
100, block 82, Oakland; $10. _
Patrick J. and Mary E. Keller to J. V. Sil
velra, lot on SW line of Monte Vista avenue.
610 SE Piedmont avenue, SE 40 by .SW , 100,
being portion Kellers Rose Park, Oak.and An
n< Angeleque B. Goodall to ? Nettle F. Abbott,
ment of the Park Commissioners because
of a discrepancy of 12,000 cubic yards of
cement in a bridge, wherein it was af
terward proven that Potter had simply
written himself down an ass, no further
attention was paid to the report. Mr.
Shea, however, in his report, devoted a
little attention to Potter, and excoriated
him with such galling sarcasm that the
Mayor begged as a special favor that it
be "eliminated from the report, and ad
mitted that he had been misinformed.
Potter and Ricken condemned the use
of sea beach gravel, and said that the
salt in It would ruin it in a very short
time. When Professor Price made an
analysis of the cement he found two
pounds of salt in two and a half tons
of material, and it was conclusively
shown that in all parts of the city where
this same cement had been used it was
stronger and better than elsewhere.
Phelan lays claim to having compelled
the use of bituminous paint "to protect
the roof." He knows, as does every other
member of the board, that the use of this
paint was suggested by both Dr. Mellis
and Mr. Shea before Phelan was an offi
cial of the city, and he further knows
that, when he trumpeted through the
newspapers that Dr. Mellis had indorsed
his (Phelan's) idea, Dr. Mellis wrote him
a letter denouncing his assumption in
unmeasured terms.
But Phelan was not man enough to
admit his error, and while he admitted
to the board that he had been misin
formed regarding the roof, he, in a speech
at Saratoga Hall, a few evenings ago,
reiterated his charges and absurd claims
of having saved the roof.
Phelan further says in his article that
he "endeavored to effect improvements
around the City Hall, but was outvoted
by Broderick and Creswell." According
to the records the only "improvement"
Phelan ever suggested was the building
of an elaborate Turkish kiosk for a cigar
stand at the junction of the main corri
dor and the side corridor running in front
of the Mayor's office. This would have
'cost about $500, and the Commissioners
felt that it would be a useless expense
and would simply be a little more political
pap, and they declined to make the "im
provement."
Phelan is as unfortunate in the selec
tion of his advisors and defenders as in
his topics, for between the imbecile
mouthings of the Subsidized Ttulletln and
Venal Examiner his pretended reputation
is being cast to the winds, and the City
Hall roof, which seems to be his especial
aversion, has proven so strong that not
a leak has occurred in the entire two
and a half acres, and the only effect of
the dropping of the heavy iron ball dur
ing the earthquake was to make a slight
dent in the concrete, while the ball waa
cracked.
lot on W line of Mark street, 240 S Dwlght
way, 8 SB by W 13.". being the N % lot 5, block
2, map of property John Kearney, Berkeley;
$10.
of Center street, 443 W of Hhattuck avenue, W
50 by S 130, being portion plat 68, Rancho V.
A I.I '. Peralta. Berkeley; $10.
Central Pacific Kallroad Company (a corpor
ation) to Bridget C. Langtry, the 8 H of lot 12,
block L, Huntlngton Tract, Brooklyn Township;
$5.
Edwin p. Welle to the E. P. Vandercook
Company (a corporation), lot on NE corner
Of West Eighth and Chester streets, E 27:6 by
N JPO. block 533. Oakland: $10.
James A. and Mary A. Christen to Henry W.
All.-n. re-reccrd 540 d 227. lot 4. block 14, Col
lege Homestead. Berkeley; $10.
.' .-• iililne Kiley et al. (by commissioner) to
Anson S. Blake, lot 24, Peralta Park, Berkeley;
$299.
H. C. Morris to James O. Clarrage, lot 101,
block 34, Warner Tract, Brooklyn Township;
1250
William J. Laymance to F. C. Jarviß. block
I, bounded by Oakland avenue, Brooklyn ave
nue, Second and Third streets, being a por
tion of Kinsell Tract, Brooklyn Township (sub
ject to a mortgage for $130<O; $10.
George L. Tait to Victorlne P. Anthony, let
beginning at a point on the NE line of road
conveyed by G. L. Talt to the county of Ala
mt'da, where same is intersected by the NW
boundary line of lot 1, Brooklyn Land Com
pany's Tract, thence SE 300, NE 333.45, NW
.100. SW 337.30 to beginning, being a portion
of lands of Brooklyn Land Company Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Builders' Contracts.
The Pelton Water Wheel Company (owners)
with James A. McMahon (contractor), archi
tect Walter J. Mathews. Furnishing and driv
ing: 104 piles fin feet in length or longer If re
quired on NE line of Main street, 206:3 NW of
Howard, NW 68:9 by NE 137:6; 75 per cent of
value of work done and material furnished on
November 15, 1898; at completion of work, ex
cept pawing of piles, 75 per cent of work done
und material furnished less first payment; at
completion of contract 75 per cent of contract
price, less previous payments; 35 days after
balance 25 per cent; total, $2125; bonds $600, C.
S. Holmes and R. L. Taylor, sureties; limit,
30 working days; forfeit, none; plans and speci
fications filed. Note— 3B'4c per lineal foot for
additional lengths over 60 feet.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
E W Mitchell & w. la C F Bryant, Diamonds
W H Chesnutwood.Stk Mrs Bryant, Diamonds
T T Soule, Stockton Mrs Ure. Oakland
T Hass. Nevada" City F E Falor & w. Cal
M S Davis & w. S Rsa A V Proutj, Cal
Mrs G W Llehy. Chgo A Marks. Ukiah
G W Liehy Jr. Chgo H J Small. Sacto
E C Hart. Sacto M S Carriznsa, Col
A Benediet&w, S Jose ».V H Skinner. Gilroy
Mrs W Lane. Eureka Mrs L Fulkerth. Mdsto
C C Jenkins & w, Ohio Miss Fulkerth, Modato
E C Foster, Ohgo r Krickson & w. Cal
A Muerrh, Ky ,(5 W White&w. Oaklnd
W Bartels. N C in Daniels* w. Riverside
O McNeely. Ariz |C X Jenner. Cal
J E Kannely. Gilroy £ F Fortune. Davla
E de la Cuesta. S Barb A Mueret. Louisville
F E Wright, Sacto Mrs N Jackaon, Gilroy
J J Outhrie. Woodland R S Hoi way, Cal
Dr H P Miller. Seattle F Ferguson&w.S L Ob
J S Weaver. Pa \ti E Stickle. Angels
A Weaver. Pa J T Goodman. Woodbr
Dr L G Viaschtr, LAng|f E Bliss, Pa
W H Nlchola, Courtlnd T B Hoy. Birds Lndg
B A Batpr, I. An.cr (J A Smith. Courtland
R R Denny, Berkeley JV S Coulter. Nevada
C X Woodruff. NY A H Denny. Berkeley
B T McCullough. Cal
BALDWIN HOTEL.
G Felix. NY L Cahn, Oakrlale
L Barry. NY C C Clark. Cul
8 A Alexandra. Fresno D N Cnater, Mass
A S Rlx, S Jose J T Shugrust. Mass
E Johnson, Stockton J CogrKcshail, N V
J Griffith. L Ang M J Keeler, Chicago
E W Potter, L Ang L R Prince. Boston
V Blldner, Or J McCudden, Vallejo
H L Kenyon, Stktn B Cosgrove. Haywanls
T Long-more. Hopland B T Markham, T* S N
A Bettens. Cal H Pentars. S Jose
! O W Clark. NY H C Fryman, Cal
W A Lange. Chicago P H Jacobs, Ohio
! F L Chance. Fresno O J Jacobs. Presidio
I J B Davis, S Rosa i D N Stewart, N V
"W G Flint, S Jose I
PALACE HOTEL.
N T Smith, San CarloslJ Dun, Chicago
Mrs Smith, San Carlos W E Hodges, Chicago
W Strong, Chicago T Brown, (Chicago
W Armstrong. Chgo E Chambers, L Ang
Dr W H Thompson, iW G Nevln, Chgo
San Mateo iJ R Hitchcock, X, Ang
C N Bowrlng, London ,R L Cardiff, Sta Crui
M S Tweedie. NY IS L Levy, N V
E P Rlpley, Chicago IC T Adams. S Barbara
P Norton. Chicago F F Thomas. Gwin M
C M Higginson, Chgo |Dr A M Gardner, Cal
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
R "Ward, Mass Miss Woods, S Jose
J Rhine, Clayton G W Smith, Bodego
C Robs, Sacto Mrs L Partlngton, Me
J C Eager, lowa J C Jone», Oakdale
J A King, Ogden P F Matson. Petaluma
P Kronke. L Ang Mrs J L Davis. Fresno
C P Williams, Mass M J Dlxon. S Jose
G Edscm, Sacto C Cross, "Viss.Ha
J Phillips, Sacto J Downing, Truckee
Miss Keith, Riverside R Mathews, Stockton.
Secretary of Agriculture Wilson
writes about
The Coming Wheat Crop,
in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Oct 25— Stmr Charles Nel
son, hence Oct 22.
ASTORIA — Arrived Oct 25 — Bktn Tarn
O'Shanter. hence Ort 12.
PORT BLAKKLKY — Sailed Oct 25 — Schr
Vega, for San Francisco.
CAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes st; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clcck.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'olock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
NW. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. ___
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. and A. •
M.— Officers and members are request- _#%_
ed to attend the funeral of our late 15,3*
brother. JOHN J. HUTCHINSON, r^r >
from the Masonic Temple, WEDNESDAY.
October 26, at 1:30 p. m. Relatives and
friends are respectively Invited.
■ A. S. HUB BARD, Secretary.
MOUNT Morlah Lodge No. 44. F. and m
A. Meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _/V,
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second dt'-TTjr
gree. THEO. FROLICH. Sec. 'V'
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— . m
Called meeting THIS (WEDNESDAY) _«%_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. Second de- TKIT
gree. C. D. BUNKER. Secretary- *^ x
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166, F. and A. ■
M.— Special meeting THIS (WEDNES-
DAY) EVENING, Oct. 26, at 7:30 T7
o'clock. Second degree. * ~ »
THEO. E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M. •
Officers and members are requested to _#%_
attend the funeral of our late brother, ILJ\
WILLIAM EDE from the Mission Ma- ' ▼ *
sonic Temple TO-MORROW (THURSDAY),
at 1:30 o'clock p. m. By order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
BAY CITY Lodge No. 117, K. of P.. AR
223 Sutter St.— rank of Knight R*>
(long form) will be conferred 3>£Jfc»<?
WEDNESDAY, Oct. 26, 1838, at 8:30 ''■S3*-*
p. m. Visiting and brother Knights are in-
vited to be present. ■■■^.
C. C. MORRIS, K. of R. and S.
UNITY Lodge No. 61, K. of P., will «-
confer the Knight Rank (long form) ArJ"A
on one esquire on THURSDAY 5£&&»
EVENING, Oct. 27, at Pythian Cas- *«S2Sli2
tie, 909 Market at. All Knights are cordially
Invited to attend.
I. V. SCHOFIELD. C. C.
S. W. GATES, K. of R. and S.
THE California Debris Commission having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Excelsior Mining Company,
in the Excelsior mine, at Lowell Hill, Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in the North
Fork of Steep Hollow; from Toy Kee, In the
Fair Play mine, near Scales, Sierra County,
to deposit tailings in Fair Play ravine; from
S. F. Bullard and A. M. Gray, In the Gravel
Hill or McCutchean placer mine, near Ne-
vada City. Nevada County, to deposit tail-
ings In Little Deer Creek; and from Elmore
Rutherford, In the Plumas Bonanza gravel
mine, near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to
deposit tailings In Sherman ravine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco, Cal., on No-
vember 7. IS9S. at 1:30 p. m.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and sealskins: low
Interest. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 86 of the Oceanic Steamship
Company (fifty cents ] er share) will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Mar-
ket St., on and after Tuesday, November 1,
IS9B. Transfer books will close on Wednes-
day, October 26. IS9B, at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel, 5680.
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Hartmann Paint Co., 348 3d st.
DR. MACLENNAN cures where medical art
falls or no fee; free diagnosis. 100 Halght at.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In th« United
States or Canada on* "ear Tor $1 SO, jioatar*
paid. ■-..;,
SITUATIONS WASTED-FEMALE.
AMERICAN hotel cook, none better; 16 hotel
waitresses, neat appearing, with first-class
uniform; 11 hotel chambermaids, worked in
flrst-claas houses; 4 hotel ironers; 3 pantry
girls; all want situations; can be seen at C.
R. HANSEN & CO.'S, 104 Geary st.; phone
Grant 185.
NEAT Danish girl desires situation at house-
work; good cook; 2 years last place; city or
country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress and cham-
bermaid desires situation; best references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young girl desires situation as nurse
or second girl or housework, $10 to $15; ref-
erences. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS cooks, 2 and 3 years' references;
laundresses, German and French maids, and
a number of excellent girls looking for places.
Call at LEON ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
SWEDISH second girl, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316
Sutter st.
YOUNG lady, German, wishes position to care
for children and assist light upstairs work;
city or country; references. 523% Grove St.,
near Laguna.
COMPETENT English cook and baker, middle-
aged woman, city or country, would take
care of invalid; moderate wages. Call 129
Third st. •
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation to do
general housework ; with many years', refer-
ences. Call in person 350 Preclta ave., off
Folsom st. •
COMPETENT maid and seamstress, can cut |
and fit, would like a situation in a private {
family; good reference. Box 1368, Call office. |
COMPETENT dressmaker wishes few more en-
gagements to go out by the day or take work
at home; $1 25 per day. 959 Folsom st.
RESPECTABLE French girl, speaking good
French, good sewer, would like a position in
good family. Address 511 Hyde st.
FRENCH girl would like position as chamber-
maid; will take care of children. 230 Mont-
gomery ave.. Hotel Labethe.
SITUATION wanted as cook; hotel, boarding
■ house or private family; thoroughly compet-
ent. Address box 519, Call. :-,>■?■
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
general housework; American family: good
cook; city or Oakland. Address box 1387, Call.
STRONG woman, not afraid of i work, wishes
work by the day washing, ironing or house-
cleaning. Box 1388, Call.
GERMAN woman, wants work by the day;
small washing or housecleanlng. 449 Tehama
st., near Sixth, below Howard.
AN obliging girl 16 years old wants place In
nice family; care for baby and make herself
useful. 1061 Howard st.
COMPETENT cook wishes situation in prl-
vate family; would do general housework In
small family. Call 227 Hayes st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wants any
kind of work by the day. Call or address
2213% Mason st. ,*, * ■..
FIRST-CLASS cook, German girl, wants posi-
tion. Apply or address 224A McAllister st.
GERMAN woman, good cook, wants position;
city or country; wages $30. 142 Eighth st.
WOMAN wishes to do general housework In
city or country; $12. 264*6 Tehama st. ■
NEAT woman desires light or general house-
work; wages $10 to $15. 1073% Market, nr. 7th.
YOUNG girl would help with light housework
and assist with children. Call 1729% Mission.
SCOTCH girl, first-class cook, wants situation
In American family. 1022 Larkln at.
YOUNG girl would like a place to assist In
light housework; sleep home. Apply 455 Hayes.
FIRST-CLASS lroner on ladles' clothes. 10 Oak
street. . \
AT the German Employment Office. MRS.
LAMBERT, 417 Powell St.; tel. Main 5332;
help of all nationalities.
YOUNG German widow with a child wants
housekeeping or general housework; city or
country. 164 Albion ave., oft Sixteenth st. -
YOUNG woman with a child 5 years old wishes
housework of any. kind; city or country. In-
quire at 863 Folsom st. : . .
SWEDISH girl with experience wishes to do
general housework. Call 1825 Stockton st.
BOHEMIAN girl. Just arrived, .wants to work
in' a small family, from where she could at-
tend evening school: good home: wages no
object. Address 666 Walnut ave., nr. Laguna.
GERMAN girl wishes general housework. 449
Third st. ■;■.■••::.:"";••■■:•■•■ 'V'-:. A .''V" ' -'--
YOUNG woman would - like position in linen
room; experienced. '■'•' Address box 1414, Call. -
... .. ■ ■ ■ . ■•• ■ ■■■•-■:
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
ELDERLY Swiss woman, experienced and re-
liable <Sook, German speaking, wishes posi-
tion in good family, German preferred, as
cook or housekeeper; references. Call between
10 a. m. and 5 p. m., 2506 Mission st.
2 RESPECTABLE girls wish situations to do
chamberwork •or second work. Please call
at 534 Howard st.
FIRST-CLASS German cook wishes to go out
by the day, $1 50 day. Address 30 Willow
ave., off Larkln, between Eddy and Ellis.
HOME wanted for a young girl, 18, able to
assist In housework, with privilege of attend-
ing school. Full particulars inquire 1030 Clay.
BY a lady from Canada, situation as house-,
keeper or caretaker for an aged couple or
family of small children; city references.
Address MRS. TWEEDIE, 2414 Hyde st.
$100,000 to loan, diamonds, silverware; low rates;
private entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th» Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. '
SITUATIONS WAATED-MALE. J^
YOU want farmers, woodchoppers, laborers or
mechanics of any kind? Send us your orders
and get supplied at once. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st. Telephone Grant ISo.
DO you want a cook, baker, pastryman, stew-
ard, waiter or kitchen help? Supply you at
once. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
Telephone Grant 185.
SITUATIONS wanted by cooks, waiters, car-
penters, blacksmiths and others. See J. F.
CROSETT & CO.. 623 Sacramento st.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency: all kinds
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary; tel. Grant 66.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% OFarrell St.; tel. East 426.
INTELLIGENT, young, strong Swiss, speak-
ing German and English, wishes a position
in a private family, hotel. lodging house or
saloon; is willing to do any kind of work.
Call or address A. T., 5122 Mission road.
GARDENER of large experience and with first-
class references, wife No. 1 housekeeper, but-
ter-maker, etc., seeks engagement; fully cap-
able to take "charge of country place. Please
address box 617, Call office.
GERMAN wishes a situation in business or
private place as watchman; has good refer-
ences. C. H.. 127 Turk st.
BOY 17 years old with a good horse and wagon
would like a job haulins for some tlrm;
cheap. 3959 Eighteenth **■•__
WANTED— Work by a good reliable man; gen-
eral blacksmith; city or country. Address
box 1370. Call office.
YOUNG man desires position driving team;
also understands handling machinery. Box
1367, Call office.
PAINTER, general workman, wants employ-
ment; no stage work. Addresa box 518, Call.
GOOD strong ,boy. living with his parents,
would like a 'situation. Address 9.9 Howard.
AN old man wishes a position to work around
a place- a good home more an object than
wages; I am clean and honest. Box 522, Call.
YOUNG man from the East desires employ-
ment as clerk in grocery, dry goods store, or
assistant bookkeeper; had 6 years experi-
ence; good references given. Address E. W.
SMITH, 122 Post St.
JAPANESE honest boy wants a position as
school boy; city or country. OKI, care H.
IDE & CO., 201 Sixth St.. city.
VALET; Swede, 28; used to traveling; compe-
tent In giving massage; best of references.
Box 1379, Call Office. ■:.:.■.•■:■■.
COACHMAN or general man wants situation;
thorough horseman, good gardener; single;
best references; city or country. Call at
stable, 1217 California st.
ENGINEER— Young German, competent and
6teady, wishes position as engineer, assistant
or in boiler room; wages moderate. Box 762,
Call office.
$100,000 to loan on safes, buggies, oil paintings:
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
BARTENDER, first class, wishes position;
best of references. Box 1075, Call Office.
JAPANESE housecleaning. wash windows or
contract. 1503 Flllmore st. Tel. Stelner 231.
WINCHESTER House. 41 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms; 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $6
week; convenient and respectable; free bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
339 HAYES Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
YOUNG German saleslady. $7 a week; German-
speaking nursery governess. $25; German
nurse, child 4 years, $25; 3 German cooks, $20,
$30, $35; 11 German houseglrls. $15. $20, $2»;
German delicatessen store cook, $35; mother
and daughter, cook for lunch counter from
6 to 2 no Sunday work. $40; Swedish cook,
$35; French cook. $35; French maid, $25; 11
Scandinavian houseglrls. $25 and $20; cook,
washer and ironer, San Rafael, see lady here.
$25; 40 young girls, $10. $12. $15. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 104 Geary st.
COOK, country hotel, $30; French hotel cook,
city, $30; all-around girl, springs, $20. fare
paid, see party here; 6 restaurant waitresses,
$5 a week; waitress, country hotel, $20; wait-
ress and wash napkins, country hotel, $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st. ;
INVALID'S NURSE, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
STARCHED Ironer, $35 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $25; nurse, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter St.
HOUSEWORK, Antioch, $25: 2 housework girls,
Modesto, $20. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
TAMALE cook, $25. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter et.
FRENCH maid and seamstress, $30 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light housework; $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COOK small hotel, country. $25; chambermaid
and waitress, $15, same house. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
COLORED cook, lodging house; $5 per week.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WORKING housekeeper, $20; nurse, $25; 3 sec-
ond girls, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK, Auburn, $20; Alameda, $*);
San Jose, $20, and other towns; 12 housework
girls, city and country, $20 and $25; 6 young
girls assist, $10 to $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st. ' 2__
GERMAN second girl, $25; German nurse, $20.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
MAID and seamstress; $26. MISS CULLEN.
325 Sutter st. ..;;:.„ ■:■■
3 COOKS; $30 and $35. MISS ' CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as nurse; $12 per
month. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
GIRL, light work; sleep home; $12 per month.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
GERMAN cook, $25;- nurse, same house, $20,
small family. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light work; $15. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter St.
COOK, American family; $30; 2 In family.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st. ■ '
COOK, small American family, a short dis-
tance, $25, see lady here at 10 o'clock to-day;
laundress, private family, $25; Protestant sec-
ond girl. -.$2O: colored cook, $20; Protestant
cook, 3 in family, $25; cook, German style, $30;
5 waitresses and chambermaids, *20, $25, and
$5 and $6 week, and girls for housework. J.
F. CROSETT & CO.. 316 Sutter at.
NEAT young woman for housework and plain
cooking. American family, San Mateo Co..
$20: German woman for chamber work and
cook for few people, short distance from city,
$20. MURRAY & READY. 634 and 636 Clay :
CHAMBERMAID. $20; waitress, $20: 10 girls . for
housework, American families. MRS. ___.tvL>,
631 Larkln st. ' S
TWO chambermaids and waitresses, cooks and
general housework girls; also young girls for
light housework. 1073% Market St., near
Seventh; employment office.
WAITRESS, country hotel, $20. HOTEL GA-
ZETTE. 420 Kearny »t. ' .
WOMAN or girl for general housework and
cooking, three in family. Call between 10 and
12. 779 Clayton St.; wages $12 to $15. - ; ...-,..
GIRL wanted for general housework: must un-
derstand cooking: 2 In famll> , wages $10.
Call at 10 a. m., 1361 Fulton st. -■- - '
FIRST-CLASS sewers on skirts, waists, etc.
Apply H. FRIEDLANDER. 338 Fell St.
GIRL apprentice wanted for dressmaking. 347
Waller - st. ' . '
APPRENTICES wanted on custom pants. 4*
A gL ß . E^^^een_Howard_and -Mission.
AMERICAN woman as cook in a small board-
mg house. 26 Steuart _st.; upstairs.
— Tixi— (rn_«lrl to assist at tailoring; steady
?w_rt- El _^Flllmore St.. corner Turk.
FIRST-CLASS Fitter on tallows skirts. Call
between 6 and 7 p. m.. 416 Sutter st.
TAILORESS; must be a good buttonhole
maker. 653 Valencia st. ••■ - -
tttt»<st rT^ASS waist hand immediately. 1128
Pine St.. bet. Leaven worth and Jones.
EXPERIENCED bookfolder wanted: also 3
apprentices; Apply 606 Montgomery st. ,-■
EXPERIENCED hand on waist to work on
power; no dressmaker. Apply 409A Turk st.
GIRL to assist with children and second work;
references. 1608 Fell st
HELP WANTED— Continued.
WANTED— A woman for housework. ZIS^
i Grove st.
WANTED— A«girl for light housework. Apply
524 Golden Gate " ave.
WANTED— A girl for light housework and
cooking; German preferred. 2813 Pine st. ;*
WOMAN presser; one who has washed in dy#
works., 409 Sutter at. _^
WANTED— First-class ironers and starcheri
National Laundry, 411 Sanchez st.
WANTED— Apprentice for dressmaking; pa j_
while learning. 625 Golden Gate ave.
WANTED— GirI for upstairs work. 1207 Go_h
street.
GOOD waitress wanted. 631 Clay st, People' ■
Restaurant.
AT the Employment Office. MRS. LAMBERT
417 Powell st.; help of all nationalities to fuj
various positions. .:
STRONG Protestant girl for light housework
and take care of children; references re-
quired; wages $15 to $20. 4005 Seventeenth re-
call bet. 2 and 5 p. m. '
YOUNG German girl about 15 years to assist
with light housework and care of children
Call in the afternoon at 228A McAllister st. '
WANTED— Operators on flannel overshlrts-~»
few . inexperienced hands taken and taacht.
LEVI STRAUSS & CO., 36*4 Fremont st
PHYSICIAN requires a young lady medical
graduate (Protestant) for a sanitarium. Pei '.
mont, box 524, Call office.
„_________________________ __———_-—______ _______
WANTED— Young girl to assist in light ho_s»l
work. 745 O'Farrell st.
EXPERIENCED glove saleslady. Addre^T
with reference, box 521. Call. " '
WANTED— Experienced fur machine operator*
Apply H. LIEBES & CO.. 137 Post st.
WANTED— Wetnurse for a 5-mor.t: babv
Box 525. Call.
RESPECTABLE young- girl; light housekeeo-'
ing; wages small. 545 California st.
—___————-—-__—___________-_____________________. ______^^^
LADIES— Good proposition; big money easily
made. Call at 514 Taylor St., mornings.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on custom panta*
steady work; good pay. 411% Ken st.
WANTED— A good buttonhole maker o n cua _
torn coats. 927 Market St., room 625.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery positions
free; patterns. 25c up. McDowell's. 102 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good tuitions-
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest: private en.; gen-
tlemanly attention. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office of The" Call
Want ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WAXTED—
HOTEL laundry washer, $40; washer, steam
laundry, $60; marker and distributor, $30 ana
found. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
FARMER and wife; see party here; $50; call
early. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary si.
HARNESS cleaner who knows the city, $io-
18 woodchoppers. 75c to $1 50 a cord, ask for
particulars; coal miners, see boss here; 5
teamsters, city. $1 a day and board. C. R
HANSEN & CO., 104 G^ary st.
HOT-CAKE baker, $10 a week; cook, $10 a
week; second cook, country hotel, $40; second
cook, for a mine, $40; tamale maker, $25 and
found; waiter, country hotel, see party here,
$25; waiter for a mine, $25; door boy, about
12 years old, for an institution, $10 and found;
porter boy for an institution, who lives with
his parents, $15. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 10.
Geary st.
PORTER and assist in bar, country hotel. $20.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
TEAMSTERS, Coast Road Free Fare.
Teamsters and laborers, mountain railroad.
10 quarrymen, $2 a day: steady work.
Laborers for a quarry, $1 75 a day; board $4 50.
2 tunnelmen, $2 25 to $2 75 a day.
To Skaguay, Alaska, for $16; ship Friday. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
MURRAY & READY MURRAY & READY
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want To-day
212 more men for Arizona.
M tie makers 9c to lie each
64 woodchoppers $2 50, $1 50 and $1 cord
64 post and picket makers $150 cord
18 farm hands $26 and $20 and found
4 choremen $15 and $20 and found
2 hostlers and stablemen .'..530 and found
2 boys to learn city trades $3 week
20 quarrymen See boas at our office
3 milkers $25 and $20 and found
In San Francisco
27 2-horse teamsters $1 75 day
16 4-horse teamsters $1 "5 day
Great Railroads
86 laborers $1 75 and $1 60 day
97 teamsters ......:. $2 and $1 76 day
In the Heart of Gold Mines....-
86 laborers and teamsters $17? day
Free fare on the above job
Packer, shingle mill See boss here
Farmer and wife; no objection to children....
To a Threshing Outfit
Strawbuck $1 50 day and found
Hoedown $1 25 day and found
5 laborers to pitch, etc.... $26 and found
, MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK $50; second cook. $35; same country
hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay.
BUTCHERS Cooks Waiters
Restaurant butcher $40 and found
9 cooks, different places
.• $50, $45 and $30 and found
9 waiters $30, $25 and $20 and found
Sausage maker; broiler, city $40 and room
MURRAY & READY. 634 and 686 Clay st.
BUTCHERS Porters Dishwashers
2 baker's helpers $25 and $20 and found
. Barber, country shop
Porter and help tend bar, near city
_ $20 and found
Cabin boy.. $15 and found
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
BRIGHT boy over 16 years of age for this
office, one who knows the city and resides
with his parents. MURRAY & READY, 654
and 636 Clay at.
SEE BOSS HERE
For great sawmill company
edger man...... $2 50 day
Taller edger man $26 and found
Spool tender $175 day
2 men to work around donkey ••
Tall sawyer $26 and found
Off bearer $26 and found
4 lumber pliers $26 and found
6 trimmers $26 and $30 and found
3 swampers $26 and found
5 men to build roads in woods. $26 and found,
20 laborers, no experience, $26 and found
MURRAY & READY,
634 and 636 Clay st.
WANTED— and wife, for small mine, $40;
hot-cake and biscuit cook, $10 a week: Ger-
man waiter, $9 a week: waiter, country hotel,
$25; lunch cook. $45; tamale maker. $25. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Sheep herder. $20 and found; quar-
rymen. Italian or Portuguese $30: choreman
for vineyard, $20; drift gravel miner. $40 and
board- 2 laborers, country, $2 a day; 10 labor-
ers nick and shovel. $1 a day and board;
'^inlst country; man to cook and attend
machinist. couui.i,j »V ** t •_< r>_nc~TT jw
Invalid. $20. and others. J. F. CROSETT &
CO., 628 Sacramento st. ____________
OOK ~ coffee house, $10 a week; night cook.
a "week -cook and wife. $40; dishwasher,
|i3i 3 - potwasher. $15; washer for steam laun-
dry, etc. ANDRE. 316 Stockton st.
WAITER for restaurant. $35: omnibus and din-
ing room. French. $25: footman. $35; : second
butler $35; boy in dining room, $10. etc.
ANDRE'S. 316 Stockton st.
WANTED -An experienced salesman who
thoroughly understands stoves watarfware.
a quick active man. Apply to WELNSTOCK.
LUBIN & CO.. 623 Market, from 2 to 3 p. m.
WANTED-A first-class dress goods salesman.
Apply 623 Market St.. room 7. WEtNbTOCK.
LUBIN & CO.. from 2 to 3 p. m.
POAT vest, pantsmakers and bushelm an
C w_nted to rent sitting room near Prominent
merchant tailor: rent low; Parties can ob-
tain all this tailor's work. Apply room 6,
FI-od building, bet. 8 and 10 this morning.
CLERK wanted in large country store: state
<SL
W w-a N gls ED s£^^^
box 1389. Call office.
— -iMT — n— A reliable and competent farmer,
■ toSi ?£-- Acld^ss box 1365. Call office.
COAT pants, vest makers for country. Apply
REISS P BROTHERS. 24 Sutter st.
WANTED-Stv6ng boy to learn blacksmlthlng.
MARTIN & CO.. 1614 Mission st.
MAN to work around house. 30 Hannah st.,
Oakland; Berkeley train.
HELPER to work in mill. FINK & SCHIND-
LER. 1309 Market st.
BUSHELMAN wanted. 930 Market St., room
16. .
WANTED— Good lunch waiter. 3 Jackson st.
YOUNG German, bet. 18 and 22, '■ to help In
liquor store. 1801 Devisadero St., cor. Bush.
WANTED second cook and dishwasher.
432 Fifth st. --.-.. ' : ' ■ _
GOOD night cook wanted. 134 Third street.
GOOD waiter wanted. 134 Third street.
WANTED— Man who understands nursery work -
and garden Jobbing. Call 500 Haight st.
GOOD painter wanted at 3965 Twenty-fourth
St., between Church and Castro.
MAN to work makinsr beds for board and
lodging. Call between 1 and 4 at 2749 Mission.
MAN and wife for private place In country:
.. good home.. ill Taylor st. .
-CLASS ladles' tailor want«d. 43« But-
ter stBEL. "WANTED— Continued.
RECRUITS for the United States ma-
rine corps United States navy; able-bodied.
unmarried men, between the ages of 21 and
30 years, who are citizens of the United
( ytates, or those who have legally declared
their intention to become such; must be of
frood character a"J habits and able to speak,
* read and write linjilish. and be between 5
feet 5 Inches and C feet in height. For further
information apply at the recruiting office, 20
Ellis St.. Han Francisco. Cal. __^
\Y -\NTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
tiv'it F.I Rulkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
ti a liKKK!'' preserve Union; free employ-
j^t H. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1184.
SHOES repaired while you wait; half price.
,*6S! Mission St., bet. First and Second.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds and Jewelry; pri-
vate entrance. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
TO Tailors— Good coat and trousers makers
wanted. Apply ii II at the Btevenson-st. en-
trance. CHARLES LYONS, 721 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764 J £ Mission
ft men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 25c per
night; 60c, 00c and $1 per week.
CANDY maker, first-class: all open kettle
-.v.irk; steady. 12cj Broadway, Oakland.
SEAMEN and ordinary d?ep water and coast-
Ing. 10 Steuart st. ; office upstairs.
SITTING room to rent for tailors: nice bright
lijxiit. 411 ] Kearny st., top floor.
STRONG young boy for furniture store; refer-
ences. 121 Sixth ;-t.
2:0 PAIRS men's second-hand shoes. 25c to $1.
f.62 Mission at., bet. First and Second.
MEN to learn barber trade; easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50; men's
solelng, 3;>c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
BARBERS' A?s"n Free Employment Office. S.
FT' 'US. Sec. 325 Grant ave.; tel. Grant 136.
MEN and women to learn barber trade at San
Francisco Barber College, 1354 Eighth st.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 5C4 Davis St., near Jackson.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, large, sunny and airy
room, 25c night. Rosedale House. 321 Ellis st.
THY Acme House. 961 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart.
SINGLE rooms, 10c and 15c night: 75c and $1
week. I- lell use, Sixth and Howard sts.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third st., near Mar-
ket: 200 rooms, 2:>e night; reading room; free
bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
WANTED—
Salesmen to sell Schilling's Best tea, bak-
ing powder and extracts in Wisconsin, lowa
and Minnesota one salesman for each State.
Compensation very high for the right sort of
man.
Field new and difficult, but rich.
First pr\l°a hard to make, but succeeding
Bales comparatively easy.
While experience is desirable, it Is of minor
Importance to the ability of grasping the
situation and business judgment, tact and
willingness to do the necessary hard work.
Please answer quite fully, being particular
to state:
(a) Your age.
(.b) Whether married or unmarried.
(c) Nationality.
(d) What Is your home State?
<e> Your experience — and in what locality.
(f) Your references for the past five or ten
years.
Address as (not calling in person until re-
quested by our firm to do so) by letter only, |
care box 1374, Call office.
A. SCHILLING & CO.
»
AGENTS for only official "History cf Our War
With Spain— Causes. Incidents and Results,"
Civil. Military, Naval. Steel plates, maps,
engravings. By Hon. Henry B. Russell. Sen.
Proctor (Vt.) and Sen. Tliurston ( Nebr.)
Greatest seller ever known. 1000 more agents
wanted. We pay freight, give credit. Write
for terms and territory to sole publishers
WOP.THINOTON & CO.. Hartford. Conn.
SALKSMAX to Introduce a new. soap powder:
must be well acquainted with city trade. Call
ir.os Mission st.
LIVE, energetic agents to handle a good spe-
cialty; Just In. Greater West Advertising &
Novelty Company, 1155^ Washington St., Oak-
land.
FIRST-CLASS agents wanted, ladies or gents;
excellent proposition. 232 Noe Bt.
FIRST-CLASS agents, ladies or Bents; excel-
lent proposition. Room 9. 14 McAllister st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
ROOM and board In exchange for elocution
lessons by a young man. Box 1309. Call office.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED- A sloop about 25 feet long, 8-foot
beam, cabin Sxl2; state price. Address AL-
' BERT GREEN, 321 Union St., Napa City.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand. 109 Montgomery st.
LOt)Gl.\G HOUSES r'OK SALE.
H. C. DECKER.
3020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
10-room house; only $150
21 rooms: corner; clears $150 550
46-room hiiis»j; corner 1200
24 rooms- clears $100 600
19-p->om irding house 1400
40-room hruse: only $150 cash 450
14 rooms un Powell st.; new 750
2G rooms on Mission: new 1500
44-room house: corner 1600
22 rooms near City Hall GOO
36 rooms: clears $I(«0 1500
60 rooms; clears $1"'); only 750
10 rooms all rented; business street 300
25 rooms; on Market st.: clean $200 600
23 rooms; new furniture; clears $150 1000
100 rooms: corner; best on earth 6000
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES.
CALL. I CAN SUIT YOU.
H. C. DECKER.
1020 MARKET ST., OPPOSITE FIFTH.
A— ll ROOMS on O'Farrell st. ; clears $75
month: all new furniture; snap
48 rooms: north of Market St.; fine $1200
76 ms; select; transient: corner 3500
28 rooms; rent $5." 550
37 rooms; north of Market; clears $125 1500
10 rooms: all new furnitur" 600
..IF YOU WILL CALL ON US
WE WILL SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION.
PRICE AND SIZE OF HOUSE
F. C. HYDE & CO.. 1206 Market st.
L. W. ROGERS, clerk for F. C. HYDE &
CO. (formerly clerk for H. C. DECKER).
A— KREDO & CO 22i,i Geary st.
Money Advanced on All Houses.
53 rooms; best corner on Sixth $1600
48 rooms; good location for business 2000
38 rooms; fine corner: clears $100 " 1100
14 rooms; good corner; transient 800
11 rooms; ccst $lf.00; a snap at 750
10 rooms; nice house; clears $10 550
A— sCoO; 23 rooms; monthly receipts $115: rent
J45; good furniture. Kredo & Co., 22 1 * Geary.
A— s6so: 37 rooms; centrally located: clears $150
month; snap. KREDO & CO., 2ZV* Geary st.
LOOK AT OUR BARGAINS— '
10 rooms $175118 rooms; fine $550
16 rooms 250(20 rooms; snap 600
87 rooms 700itO rooms 1250
National Business Agency. 7 Grant ave.
$450— LODGING-HOUSE. 30 rooms, on Second
st. Call at SI Natoma st.; no agents.
$ISO— GREAT bargain; 16 rooms; full; good lo-
«*ation. 105 New Montgomery st.
FOR Furniture 9 rooms: auiet, clean
always full: no agents. 313Vi O'Farrell st. '
$200— BOARDING-HOUSE of 10 rooms. 628
Pine st.
$110,000 to loan on stocks and bonds; low inter-
est. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
HORSES.
,-^^^~~~- --^~ .^^^
60 HORSES of every description at Emporiiim
. -•aids, 220 Valencia St., between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons
harness, etc., at your own price; come and
make an offer.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies.
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 227 Sixth: auction pales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
JUST arrived— 2 carl. work, draft and driv-
ing horses. Occidental Salenyards. 721 Howard.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
COUNTRY leather top Landau, 6-passenger
wagonette, physician's coupe \ and falling
front Broucham second hand, cheap. 500 |
Golden Gate ave. j
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co 211 Larkln. opp. City Hall.
TYPEWRITERS.
~AIA, tpewrlt'-rs sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap: send for samples and I
Prices. ALEXANDER & CO., 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND. $25: Callgraph, $15; Yost. $25;
yet sample work. SCOTT. 333 Montgomery st.
BICYCLES.
SECOND-HAND bicycles, from $9 up; new girls"
wheels, $18; new 1507 high grade $100 bicycle j
for $29; new tires. $2; new pedals, $1 25 a pair: I
repairing. JOSEPH HOLLE, 20th and Folaom. |
BUSINESS CHANCES..
I _^ _^_^_
$450— SALOON and lunch house, 9 furnished
rooms, among factories downtown; furniture
included. M. LESS & CO., 765 Market st.
I $350— LAUNDRY route, with first-class horse
and wagon; 100 regular cash customers; will
easily clear $75 per month; any on« can run
this. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$125 — CIGARS, candles, notions, laundry office;
3 living rooms; rent $15; rare offer and as
good as It is cheap. M. LESS. 765 Market st.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar, 7 living rooms;
furniture of 3 rooms included; established 20
years; large stock; desirable trade; paying
business: worth looking Into. M. LESS. 765
: Market st., opposite Phelan building.
$250— CORNER grocery and bar; one of the
best locations in the city; living rooms; es-
tablished for years; must be sold at once;
other business. M. LESS & CO., 763 Market.
$175— SALOON with living rooms; established
30 years; between shops and factories; must
be sold at once on account of sickness; rent
only $20 a month. M. LESS & CO., 765 Mar-
ket st.
$SSO— COUNTRY saloon; most prosperous In-
land town of State; county seat; leading busi-
ness In best possible location; satisfactory
proof furnished; nothing In this line can
come near it. M. LESS, 763 Market st.
A— LIST your store, property or business place
with WILKE & UNFUQ. 506 Market st., the
old established and reliable business agents.
We have a large list of buyers who would lika
to buy In country towns.
$2000— HOTEL In this city; established many
I years: occupied and patronized by mechanics
and clearing above $150 per month; 34 nicely
furnished rooms; dining hall and good pay-
ing bar; rent $75. WILKE & UNFUG. Wo
Market st. [
A— s3oo; comer grocery and bar; 2 blocks south
of Market St.; living rooms; rent $25; a snap.
WILKE & UNFUG, 806 Market at.
$35C- ROAD house, In very best location: 4
prominent roads, facing the corner: corner
building saloon; telephone office and 2 rooms;
cottage of 4 rooms, barn, windmill; water all
over the place: about 2 acres (rood for chicken
ranch. WILKE & UNFUG. £06 Market st.
$375— RESTAURANT; well-paying; owner guar-
antees $00 a day; must be sold at once; make
offer: owner sick; strictly honorable offer.
WILKE & UNFUG. 906 Market st.
$350— SALOON; bargain this day. MCLAUGH-
LIN &, CO., 777 Market st.
$400— LAUNDRY route; good horse and wagon:
paying $20 per week; leaving the city eausj
of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 777 Market.
$400— CORNER grocery and bar: bargain this
day. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$325— RESTAURANT ; bargain to-day; account
departure for Europe. MCLAUGHLIN . &
CO., 777 Market st.
$300— [GAR stand; satisfactory reason for sell-
ing. MCLAUGHLIN & CO., 777 Market st.
$1000— SALOON in prosperous country town;
retiring cause of sale. MCLAUGHLIN & CO..
777 Market st.
CORNER saloon: bargain this day. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO.. 777 Market st.
$260 PARTNER wanted in old established res-
taurant; steady man required. McLAUGH-
LIN & CO., 777 Market st.
WE have buyers to Invest in any legitimate
business; parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A— s22s; delicacy store; 3 living rooms; cheap
rent; well fitted up; selling account sickness.
National Business Ex., 7 Grant ave.
$200 — COR. saloon; clears $50 month; a snap.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar: clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant: No. 1 location; clear $60 mo.
— Branch bakery: Market st; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store: receipts, $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency, 7 Grant ave.
A s3oo Coal, hay. grain, team, wagon, scales,
etc. ; receipts $375 per month; good chance ;
look it up. STEWART & CO.. 632 Market st.
A — TWO big bargains In saloons; well located;
doing si'lendid business: special reason for
celling; Investigation solicited. STEWART
& CO.. 632 Market st.
$250; partner in old-established well located
business; can be more successfully operated
by two. STEWART & CO., 632 Market st.
A—ssooo;A — $5000; DRUG store across the bay: elegantly
fitted and well stocked; receipts $1200 month-
ly; no competition. KREDO & C0.,22% Geary.
A— $300; BRANCH bakery, delicacy, laundry
office; $16 daily. KREDO & CO., 22Vi Geary.
A—s7oo;A — $700; GROCERY and bar: fine corner; value
in stock; $20 daily. KREDO & CO., 22% Geary.
— OYSTERS croker; best location; clears $50
month; week's trial. BASILS. 873^ Market.
GOUD barber wanted for Saturday and Sun-
day; also good bootblack; steady wages. Ap-
ply between 1 and 4 p. m. at PROFESSOR
A. DUSTAL'S Shaving Parlor, 1504 Park. St.,
Alameda.
FOR • SALE— Hand laundry equipped with
steam generator, Tyler ironer, washing ma-
chine, etc.; drop trade of $25 per week; price
$100. Address box 1385, Call office. ■
BRANCH bakery for sale cheap; low rent; 3
living rooms. Inquire 913 Buchanan St., near
McAllister.
$2000 — DO you want a country genl. mdse. store?
Add. or call on G. W. PLACE, Newark, Cal.
SALOON; bargain; must sell this day account
of other business. 23 East st.
CANDY factory; if sold this week teach
you candy making. Box 1366, Call office.
GROCERY and store, 5358 Howard St.; must
be sold on account of sickness.
$40— CIGAR stand; clears $10 per week; can be
Improved. 141 Fifth st.
BAKERY and notion store for sale. Apply
573 Bryant - l -
RESTAURANT for sale or will exchange for
property. 129 Fourth st.
FOR Sale Grocery store in good paying condi-
tion at 1399 Haight st. ; inventory may be
seen on the premises; terms cash. Sealed
bids will be opened In the office of JONES-
PADDOCK CO., 26 Fremont et., at 10 a. m.
on Saturday, October 29.
AT a Sacrifice — One of the best located res-
taurants in Oakland; has been run by the
present owners for nine years; clears $250 per
month: flrst-cla?H trade; owners retiring on
account of other business in S. F. For par-
ticulars M. L. WURTS, 17th and Bdwy, Okld.
$330 G00D paying business; must be Bold im-
mediately at a sacrifice; owner leaving coun-
try; fullest investigation. 227A O'Farrell st.
FOR Sale— Ortet Bros., pioneer cutlers, 524
Commercial st., bet. Montgomery and Leides-
dorff; good* suitable for butchers and cooks.
$125— 2-CHAIR barber shop; good country town;
receipts $20 and over per week: principal
street; rent cheap. Apply Call office.
fO'.l SALE— Barber shop on account of other
business. 227 Second St., Montgomery Hotel.
CORNER butcher shop; reason for selling, sick-
ness. Inquire 225 Fourth St., room 12.
HOME bakery and 3 living rooms; cheap. 407
Turk st. : parties going away.
BRANDT'S restaurant for sale. 2575 Sixteenth
St., near Howard.
GOOD-PAYING salo<\rt: fine location; reason-
able rent; clears $T5O per month. PAUL
D. CULVER, room 23, fifth floor. Mills bldg.
FAMILY liquor store and bar for sale; good
location; new fixtures; doing a paying busi-
ness. Royal Eagle Distilleries Co., 112 Taylor. I
PARTNER with email amount of money; great
opportunity for right party. Call from 11 to
2 at 111 Eddy at., room 6. ,
FOR SALE— Fine grocery and bar; good busi-
ness. Filbert and Laguna sts.
FOR SALE— Saloon, restaurant and 1& rooms:
fine yard and stable; on city front, close to
docks; a bargain. Box 1304. Call.
FOR SALE— A good-paying saloon. Apply
John Wieland Brewery.
$100,000 to loan on seclskins and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
supplied as wanted at lowest prices. 107-109
Beale st. '
FOR SALE- MISCELLANEOUS.
WHITNEY hammer>ss 10-bore Damascus
shotgun for $35: worth $75. At UNCLE HAR-
RIS', 15 Grant ave.
HISTORY, of our war with Spain; 560 pages;
$2; by Trumble White. Box. 1386. Call.
HELM wheel of cruiser d'Juan de Austria, cap-
tured at Manila. Apply S. S. Zealandia. Pa-
elfic-st. wharf.
BOILERS, engines, 2<l-hand machinery. Me-
IN TOSH & WOLPMAN. 195-197 Fremont st.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, counter*,
linoleum, office furniture, store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second band J
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St. above
Sixth. .
4% HORSE-POWER gas engine good as new
for sale cheap at 31-33 Park ave.
HALF-HORSE ?as engine; dynamo: i chean
1025 McAllister st.  v '
Engine boiler, pumps, pulleys, shafting, laundry
mchy, . dynamos, 2d hand. White, Sis Mission
SAFES— and second hand; cheaper than
ever. Herman Safe Manfc, 533 Sacramento.
PHONOGRAPHS, $20; records, $5 per dozen;
projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 938-952 Market.
J. R. POOL, house mover, dealer second-hand !
. b-Jlldlng material. 1124 Mission; tel. South 787.
— Bargains In new and second hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market. 8. F.
STORAGE. ;
PIERCE-RUDOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St., cor. Powell; tel. Main 5713.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBER 26, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
OLIVE ave., 113, near corner of Polk and
EH1»: $25; 7 rooms and bath.
WE can rent you a house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWKLL. 10 Mont-
gomery st.
1100,000 to loan; ladies' private entrance and
private offices at Uncle Harris', 15 Grant ave.
"furnished HOUSES TO let.
NEWLY furnished sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath: will rent for a term of 3 to 6 months;
vicinity of Powell and "Pine sts.; references;
no children; rent $45. Box 1360, Call.
~ COTTAGES TO LET.
: ROOM cottage; bath; basemenT~an3
yard. 2417 Clay St. _^
FLATS TO LET.
BRANNAN, 723, above Sixth— Nice flat~oT*l
rooms; also 2-room flat; $7 and $3.
CHOICE sunny flats, 6 rooms; 2 sunny cot-
tages, 4 rooms; modern Imp.; thoroughly ren-
ovated. 2806 Howard st., bet. 24th and 25th.
CLAYTON, 872. south of Frederick — Sunny
modern flat of 6 rooms and bath; cheap.
DYKEMAN place, off Mason St., near O'Far-
rell — Nice flats, 4 rooms, $15; downtown.
GOLDEN GATE eve., 113S. near Webster— New
sunny upper flats, 6 and 7 rooms.
HAYES. 33&- Branch office of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
LLOYD, 26A and 258, between Scott and De-
vlsadero — Two flats; $15 and $1». Apply 800
Halght St.
MISSION— Modern flat, 6 rms, bath; washtubs;
water; $16 SO. Burnham-Marsh, 20 Montgmy.
ON sunny side Cedar ave., off L.irkin st., be-
tween Post and Geary; nice cozy flats, 4 and 5
rooms and bath; rent very reasonable. Apply
at 929 Sutter st., near Hyde.
PLEASANT upper flat, 5 rooms and bath; rent
reasonable. 3725 Twenty-third et.
RENT reduced to $12 each; SKA Sixth Bt.; ]
Hats, E rooms, bath; 4 rooms; hall; mantle;
folding doors; large yards.
SHOTWELL, 10 — Sunny upper flat, 5 rooms;
bath and yard; $17.
SUNNY upper flat, 7 rooms; newly painted and
papered. 1150 Mission st., near Seventh; $15.
SUNNY lower flat. 4 rooms; good condition.
112 Perry St., near Third; $10.
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELL, 10 Mont-
gomery st.
LOWER flat, 5 rooms; porcelain bath and
basement; $18; top flat, 6 rooms; porcelain
bath and basement. 16 Cumberland st.. oft
Guerrero, between Nineteenth and Twentieth.
2 NEW Bunny modern flats. 4 rooms, bath,
each; 616Vi Grove St. and 1421 Hayes St.; $15
each.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, watches; low rates:
private offices. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave
5 SUNNY rooms to let cheap to a good tenant.
363S Nineteenth st.
$10— LOWER flat, near Mission and Third
i Nineteenth st.
LOWER flat, near Mission and Third sts.
Apply 15 Grant ave.
$17— UPPER flat. 6 rooms. 13 John St., near
Powell, between Jackson and Pacific.
'ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
BRANNAN. 725, above 6th— Front bedroom and
kitchen; furnished for housekeeping^ and $6.
BRYANT, 1101, cor. 9th— 3 front rooms; com-
pletely furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
BUCHANAN, 602, corner Fell— bay windows;
chen; furnished for housekeeping; $8 rod J&.
ant, ii.i, cor. Hb :: Croat rooms: com-
itely furnished for housekeeping; cheap.
Haxan, 802, corner B"eH— 3 bay windows;
kitchen; wood or gas stove; $12 to $14 suite.
CASTRO and Twentieth sts. — your room
in the 3-story sunny house: cheap rent. See
ISAACS, 240 Montgomery St.
EDDY. 628—3 elegantly furnished sunny hkpg.
rooms; parlor floor: modern; private: ret.
EDDY, 915 — Furnished or unfurnished connect-
ing sunny rooms; garden; fine location; pri.
EDDY, Nicely furnished sunny connecting
housekeeping rooms; second floor; splendid
•'.on.
GEARY. 610— Newly furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms; gas ran*.'; also other rooms.
GEARY. 1317— 520; 4 comfortable rooms; bath;
2 beds; 2 stoves; gas and coal; all neces-
saries.
GOLDEN GATE. 1050 — 2 sunny well furnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas stove, bath
and free telephone.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1404— Sunny bay-window,
complete, $10; single sunny front, |5.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1410— Nicely furnished
first floor; housekeeping; bath; sun; yard; $25.
$100,000 to loan on sealskins, diamonds and Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
HAYES*, IOS 1 -*— Suit of rooms fit for two gentle-
men, or gentleman and wife; kitchen and din-
' Ing room If required.
HOWARD, 525— Large front room furnished
complete for housekeeping; reasonable.
HOWARD, 704, corner Third— Finely furnished
front rooms, first floor; also housekeeping.
HOWARD, 806^4— Sunny furnished back and
' front rooms; hot and cold water: $10 and $12.
HOWARD, Newly furnished funny rooms,
single or en suite; also rooms for hskping.
LAGUNA, 1205—2 sunny unfurnished rooms and
bath. $7. .
OAK, 119—1 large surny front room complete
for housekeeping, $S; also 1 unfurnished. $4.
POLK. 608, near Eddy— 3 or 4 unfurnished sun-
ny hkpg. rooms; private family; fine location.
SEVENTH, 262— Large sunny houaekpg rooms;
complete; private house; large yard; $10 & $9.
TAYLOR, 233— Newly furnished sunny rooms;
bath, yard; light housekeeping; good location.
TEH A MA, 62, near Second— Lower part of
house, 3 large rooms, $9; good order.
THE Piedmont. USA Sixth St.— 2 or * room*,
furnished for housekeeping: also other rooms.
TWELFTH. 230C— Large sunny housekeeping
rooms, with or without use of kitchen.
TWENTY-THIRD, near Howard— Nicely
JNTY-THIRD, BIM, near Howard— Nicely
furnished front and back parlor; kitchen; use
of bath and laundry; rent cheap.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT 52 SECOND— single, double and light
housekpg rms; wk, $1 to $2 50; day 28c to 50c.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny st.— Pleasant
runny rooms, en suite and single; flrst-cl&as
In every respect; terms reasonable.
BALBOA, The 1049A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; -less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr; tel.
BOHEMIA, 239 Post St., 3 blocks Palace Hotel-
All conveniences; reasonable: sunny corner
rooms; tourists; elevator; board If desired.
BUSH, 1124— Beat and cheapest rooms in city;
bath, running water; up. If desired.
1124— Beat and cheapest rooms In city;
running water; $8 up.
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8, *10 mo.
EDDY, 118 — Nice sunny rooms; cheap and good;
also for housekeeping.
FIFTH, 322— Large sunny single furnished
room; closet, bath; private; $1 per week.
FOLSOM, 776V4— 2 nicely furnished rooms to let
cheap.
GEARY, 14 A— Neatly furnished pleasant room*;
week or month; $6 to $10 per month.
GEARY, 402 Just opened: carpets and furni-
ture new; sunny front furnished and unfur-
nished rooms; reasonable; offices first floor.
GEARY, 405 (The Navarre)— furnished
rooms; suites or single. MRS. H. HYER.
GEARY, 478— Nicely furnished room, suitable
for 2 gentlemen; also single room.
GLOBt; House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE ave., 917A— Large sunny room;
one or two persons.
GRAND SOUTHERN. SE. cor. Seventh and
Mission — Pleasant sunny rooms: en suit* and
tingle; elevator: moderate rates; families.
$100 000 to loan on silverware, oil paintlngit and
pianos. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
HAIGHT, C42— Part of a sunny flat; 2, 3 or 5
rooms; unfurnished; rent reasonable..
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRISON AVE.. 21%— i large sunny rooms,
suitable for housekeeping.
H ask ELL, The 121 Powell St.— Cheap neat
light Bunny rooms; transients; (rents praferd.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor—
suites and sigle rms; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 711— 1 small single sunny room, 75c
per week. "
HOWARD, 759—3 nice sunny rooms; house-
keeping or single.
JACKSON. 2326—3 sunny furnished rooms,
with bath.
JESSIE, Front room; folding bed; $7 per
month. ....-.•
LITTLE PALACE. 23 and 25 Third— Bunny
white rooms; white gaslights; $2 to $3 a week.
MARKET, Changed hands: suites or sin-
gle; Teas. MRS. KITTY DOWNING. Prop.
MINNA, 667. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window rocm, $1 per week; transient.
MISSION, 1511&— Large sunny room; no chil-
dren; rent cheap to a lady. - • ,- . : / .'
OTARRELL, — Sunny ; fur*»hed rooms; ele-
vator: electric lights: day. week or month. :
O'FARRELL, Furnished or unfurnished
rooms; single or double. . • ■:■■■■•. -.-;;;.;■
POWELL, 817 (former Cosmos Chib)— Elegantly
turnltshed rooms; reasonable. .•*.■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
SEVENTH. 192. near Howard iGlrard House)—
Sunny rooms; reasonable: also housekeeping.
' SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth st-
near Furnished and unfurnished.
SHOTWELL, 121— Sunny furnished front room
and bath; $3 50 i>er month.
TAYLOR, Elegantly furnished suite for 1
or 2 gentlemen; single rooms.
TENTH. 148— 1 or 2 large sunny furnished
rooms; light housekeeping or single; private.
TI:i:MONT House, 177S Market St., opp. Gough —
House newly furnished; single rooms or suites;
2 kitchens for tenants for light housekeeping.
TURK, 132, corner Jones— Two large nicely
furnished sunny rooms.
VAN NESS, 400— Elesrant sunny double parlors,
unfurnished; furnish for permanent parties.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
A^BOTSFORDT^ie^^' '" ~ ~~
Broadway and Polk sts. Quiet, homelike; terms
moderate; board optional; all cars direct. #
AHLBORN House. 319-321-323 Grant ave.—
Rooms 50c up; board and room. $1 per day and
upward; free bus to and from hotel.
EDDY, 626 (Irvingdale)— Sunny front bay-win-
dow suites, best board, $40 up; single. $20 up.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and warehouse
receipts. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
"IRVING," 1070 Valencia St.— Bright sunny
rooms; large grounds; with board; reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant room for gentle-
man; parlor: piano: home cooking; $M up.
TWENTY-FIRST. 3392. corner Guerrero— Pri-
vate boarding-house; sunny rooms, newly
furnished.
VAN NESS ave.. 519— Sunny furnished suites
and single rooms; first-class table board.
WANTED— A young man to board and room;
$15 a month. Apply 27 Ninth Ft.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
GERMAN widow would like few children to
board: good home. 37 Dewolf st., station L.
STORES TO LET.
COR. store, 2522 Mission: 7 yrs. as saloon;
■ cheap; store cor. Lafayette and Howard; fixt-
ures for saloon. Apply 2838 Mission st.
BRIGHT and light; 7 City Hall sq., cor. Mar-
ket St.; suitable for any business ; rent $15.
LARGE store with living rooms and stable;
No. 1 grocery and bar; low rent, $20. NW.
corner of Douglass and Elizabeth sts.
OFFICES TO LET.
IMMA SPRECKELP building. 927 Market
light, heat. Janitor and telephone; rents $12 50
to $20. ASHTON & GARDINER, room 210.
MEDICAL.
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and
treatment have never been known to fail;
travelers helped without delay; home in con-
finement; skillful medical attention; all those
who are sick and discouraged consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong '
pills. $1; guaranteed cure, $6. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 108 Turk St., near Jones.
ALL Ladles — C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Daviea, '
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
EO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated- no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 1228 Market
Ft:: pills. $1: very strong. $2.
I ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box, sent free by
. mail on receipt of price; consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 23
Grant ave., S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing; i
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways in one day; safe and sure; no medi-
cine or Instruments used; consultation free;
eaves disgrace; pills and capsules, $1; cure,
$5. By the well-known ladles' physician for
37 years, DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny st.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities from what-
ever cause: no instruments used: guaranteed ;
cure at office. $5: travelers helped instantly;
consult free; confidential: hours, 9 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. DR. KOHL. 1122 Market st.
; DR. and MRS. WEOENER, 1312 Golden Gate
ave. ; private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; infants adopted into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50; :
expressed C. O. D. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home in confinement;
treatment $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th. Oakland.
$100,000 TO loan on bronzes, silverware; private j
entrance. UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
MRS. ACHARD, midwife; sunny, pleasant
tinrac In confinement. 1.'6 Second St.
DENTISTS.
DON'T wear a rubber plate; you can get our
combination metal plate for the same price;
it is thin as paper; full set of teeth. $5;
crowns, $3: fillings, 50c up; teeth without
plates a specialty; written guarantee for 10
years given on ail work; no students employ- |
ed; extracting free when plates are ordered; j
consultation free. MODERN DENTAL PAR- !
LORS, corner Market and Mason sts. En-
trance 8 Mason st. ; phone South 751.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see . new flexible
plates; light and thin: guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown, and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. 50c; crowns, $3 50: all I
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den- !
tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st.; telephone Jessie 1132. |
SET of teeth, $5; fillings, gold, $1 up; silver, 25c
up; bridges; plates repaired; all work pain-
less and warranted 10 years. New York
Dentists. 969 Mission St., corner Sixth. |
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
entee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, 'removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up; fillings, 25c up; all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand: open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
specialty; all work reasonable; gas given.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. G.
YOUNG, 1841 Polk st.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sur-
veying, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers; 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.; indi-
vidual instruction In shorthand, typing, book- '
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship, English !
branches, etc. ; life scholarship, $50; low rates
per week and month.
INSTRUCTION— VioIin, piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE, 8941 Twenty-
fourth st., near Sanchez.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newell Perry. Ph. B.. Fel-
low In Mathematics, U. C, 7407 S. Atherton,
nr.Channlng way.Berkeley; write for circular.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, mln-
Ing, mech. survey, assay, archit.; day& eve, •
est. 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
ELOCUTION and oratory; F. Cooke Caldwell-
16 yrs. experience. Press Club bldg.. 123 Ellis.'
MME. ANN IS MONTAGUE TURNER, vocal
Instructions; correct. natural method.93o Bush. i
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taught; short time. Tarr. 572 Parrott bldg.
$100,000 to loan on diamonds, sealskin* and Jew-
elry, UNCLE HARRIS, 15 Grant ave.
ENGLISH literature, mythology; Shakespeare '
classes; prl. tuition. Mrs. Ehrman, 1234 Bush. j
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning Works— Cleans
moves, lays carpets. C. H. STEVENS, Mur.
28 and 40 Eighth st. : telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with "poor work
send to SPAULIHNG'S Pioneer Carpet- |
beating Works, 363-57 Tehama Kt. ; tel. S. 40. !
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard: laid at 3c. !
STRATTON'S. 3 Eighth st.; tel. Jessie 944.
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 I4th
'St.; cleaning, 3c per yard; tel. Mission 74.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-beating Works, 333 Golden
Gate ave.: tel. East 126.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co., 402 Sutter st. ; I
tel. Main :VH. GKO. WOLCOM. Proprietor. |
~~ ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
CITY Law and Collection Office; advice free.
% 777 Market st., room 7. .
L. S. CLARK— Spreckels bid*.. 927 Mar- !
ket; consultation free: no fees in advance.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful. W.
W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market at.
SEWING MACHINES. ;
AUTOMATIC. Domestic, Singer and White !
cheap; repairing guaranteed. jjj 1915 Mission st. j
$2 MONTHLY, rented ; repaired, bought, sold: '
machine supplies. ' 145 Sixth: 'phone Mint 45. j
ALL '■ kinds -: bought, sold, exchanged, ■ rented; i
repairing- at lowest rates, z. 203 Fourth st. -r
PERSONALS.
GEORGE MAYERLBL expert optician, German
Optical Institute, 1071^4 Market ft., near Sev-
enth; formerly 28 Third st. ; fee directory.
THE famous Kneipp Water Cure Sanitarium
at 438- O'Farrell St.; diseases of all kinds
thoroughly and conscientiously treated with-
out the aid of medicine by MR. A. WILL-
MANN, graduate of Woerlshofen, Germany.
THERE is plenty of room at LEDERER'S
Hair Dressing Establishment, no crowding:
22 artists to dress your hair in the most cor-
rect form, any style costs 25c only.
LEDERER'S Quinonia is the best Hair Tonic,
should be used as daily hair wash, 35c bot-
tle. 11l Stockton st. .
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St., near Market; 200 rooms.
25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and fram the ferry.
MRS. DR. SCHWARTZ, home In confinement;
treatment, $2 50. 852 Castro, cor. 7th., Oakld\
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices,
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME in confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUN 1416 Bth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAKING, ladies' tailoring taught; S.
F. Dress Cutting School; tailor suits: ball cos-
tumes, house gowns, negligees, riding habits,
coats, capes, cycling suits; men and women
teachers employed. 916 Mkt.. opp. Emporium.
23S TAYLOR— GRAY, dressmaking; la-
dies' suits reasonable: dresses made over;
satisfaction guaranteed.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses, $5
up; dresses made over. 3 Eddy St., rais. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery In life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separated, recovers lost,
stolen or buried property; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life while in a per-
fect trance: perfect satisfaction guaranteed
by mail. Send stamp for circular with spe-
cial terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms 25
and 26, 1206 Market St., opp. Sixth.
MISS DWYER, the distinguished clairvoyant
medium, graduated under the highest profes-
sors of occultism; all wishing to know their
future consult her immediately; poor people
half fee; by mail, $1; diagnoses all diseases.
426 Post st.
MME. PORTER, clairvoyant & cardreader;
born with double veil & second sight: diag-
nosis disease with full life reading; la. 50c:
flits $1; palm & clair. ; sit $1 50. 126 Turk.
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future: 25c. 148 Sixth St., room 10.
MME. MOREAL 1 , the best medium and card
reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth St., near Mission.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
j MRS. B. BAUMANN. the well-known fortune
; teller, has opened an office at 315 O'Farrell gt.
M'IRITUALISM.
I MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance test medium,
life reader, medical clairvoyant; treats pri-
vate and chronic diseases, no matter from
what cause or how long standing, with re-
vealed remedies; sittings $1. 232 Stockton st.
MAUD FOSTER, medium and astrologist: cir-
cles Tuesday and Thursday at 8 p. m. has
removed from 34 to 28 Sixth St., room 3.
MOTHER SADIE, materializing seance Thurs-
day at 12 o'clock, 50c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. ELLIS; tests to all; Tues.-Frt., 2 p. m. ;
Moo.. 8. 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia St.
M. FRANCES, independent slate-wrltins mo-
dlum. lIS Halgftt at.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos ! for $6
cash and $fi per month, we ask you to Investi-
gate and approve this method; ->rices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in seed second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and seme good pianos for $3, $4 an'l
$5 ier month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Steinway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
st*.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. : pianos, organs and
all ether musical Instruments of all grades
( and prices; terms easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the
customer.
I FOR $230 we will sell you the finest piano ever
I offered in this city: guaranteed for 10 years;
I our own make; our own building; terms to
eult the smallest pocket. . Scott-Curtaz Piano
Company, 560 Hayes st.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON*, sole agents for Chick-
erlng, Sieck. Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 O'Farrell st.
DECKER & SON pianos take the lead, as they
are best In quality, tone and finish; prices are
low. MAUVAIS. 7C9 Market St.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
$60 — UPRIGHT piano: good tune; for sal« on
$5 Installments. 1115 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Post.
$90— Elegant Emerson piano; bargain. Schmttz,
16 McAllister st., next Hibernla Bank.
AN elegant Stelnway. upright for $250 cash;
must sell. KEEFFE'S. 1021 "an Ness ave.
NEARLY new upright piano cheap; brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNO. 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest: prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new : tyies. KOH-
LER & CHASE. SO O'Farrell st. ■
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
LOST. ~~
LOST— At corner of Fifth and Mission sts.,
October 25, a mink boa. The finder will be
suitably rewarded by leaving same at WEIS-
TER & CO.'S. 17 New Montgomery st.
LOST— White poodle dog; curly tail; slightly
brown ears. 33 Chepultepec st.: reward.
CERTIFICATE No. 234 for 10 shares of the San
Francisco and San Joaquln Valley Railroad.
iFKued to A. G. RUSS. has been lost and a
reward of $10 is hereby offered for delivering
the same to A. G. RUB3. 201 Montgomery st.
"" FOUND.
$100,000 to Joan ladies on their diamonds and
sealskins: UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. MACQUEEN'S Family Consulting Rooms.
Advice and medicine, $1 50; open 9:30 to 5. 957
Market, cor. 6th, opp. Weinstock & Lubin's.
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office and residence,
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.
- PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS to Furnish One Fourth-Class La
France and Two Third-Class American Fire
Engines and One Hook and Ladder Truck
With 80-Gallon Chemical Tank Attached, for
Use of the Fire Department.
Office of the Clerk of the Board of Super-
visors of the City and County of San Fran-
cisco, October 25, IS9S.
In accordance with Resolution No. 1787
(Fourth Series) of the Board of Supervisors.
SEALED PROPOSALS will be received In
open session of the Board of Supervisors, on
MONDAY AFTERNOON, October 31. 1898.
from 2:30 to 3 o'clock, for furnishing one
fourth-class La France fire engine and two
third-class American fire engines and one
hook and ladder track, with SO-gallon chem-
ical tank attached, for the use of the Fire
Department. Said fire engines and hook and
ladder truck to be approved by the Board of i
Fire Commissioners, the Chief Engineer of
the Fire Department and the Committee on
Fire Department of the Board of Supervisors
NOTlCE— Bidders will estimate and state a
price for each fire engine of each class: also
the price for which the hook and ladder
truck, with 80-gallon chemical tank attached,
will be furnished and delivered, in perfect
working order and ready for us«.
The party or parties to whom a contract Is
" awarded will be required, prior to or at the
time of the execution of the contract, to pay
the cost or a portion of the cost of advertis-
ing this notice In three dally newspapers.
In order to preserve uniformity and to
facilitate the award the Board has resolved
to receive no bids unless made upon ; blank
forms prepared by the committee, and a cer-
tified check on some bank fin the City and
County of San Francisco for th» sum of one
thousand <$1000> dollars, deposited hy the bid-
der with his bid and made payable.' to- th
Clerk of the Board of Supervisors, conditioned
If the proposal be accepted and the contract
. awarded, and if. the bidder shall fall or neg-
lect to pay the printing charges, execute the
contract and give the required bond within
six days after the award Is made, then and
In that case the said f»um shall be paid Into
the 'City and County Treasury by said Clerk
as liquidated damages for such failure and
Blank's furnished by the Clerk.
The Board reserves the right to reject all
bids If the public trood so require. 
JNO A. RUPPF.LL. Clerk.
H. C. FARQUHARSON. Deputy Clerk.
PROPOSALS for stone wall— General . depot,
Quartermaster's Department. _ 36 New Mont-
; gomery street, San Francisco, September 27,
1898. ■ Sealed proposals will be received at this i
office until 11 o'clock a. m.. on October 28, j
• IS9S, and - then opened, for construction lof i
stone ■ well ■ alone southern boundary of mill- i
tary reservation. Presidio of San, Francisco,
in 'accordance wit 1 . plans J and specifications
" on ' file here. - which can be seen on applica-
tion. OSCAR F. LONG, lleuten-nt colonel,
U. 8. Volunteers, depot quartermaster. '-■-
CITY REAL ESTATE.
$230ft— BIG bargain in new cottage in Rich-
mond; lot Jsxl27:C; on 14th ave. near Clement
st. : house contains 6 rooms, bath, etc., and
ia very cheap.
$96.000— Total rent $S3OO per annum; prominent
Slxth-st. corner, not far from Market st. ; sub-
stantial improvements, .stores and lodging
house; extra large lot.
13500— Centra! ave.. near Turk St.: 2 flats of
4 and 5 rooms and bath each; lot 27:6x110.
$7250— Tw0 handsome new flats of 6 and 7
rooms and bath : best portion of Devisaaero st. .
rent $62 50; lot 2JXIOO.
BOM — Business property; 23th st.. near
Church; lot 2^x114 feet; 2-story building, con-
taining store and 4 rooms: also 7 rooms ana
bath upstairs; baker's oven in rear of lot.
$42&V-Rent $40; Clay st.. bet. Powell and
Mason; 3-story building, t> rooms, bath, etc.
$2750— Union st.. near Taylor: 2 flats Of 4 and
J rooms each; lot has 2 frontages; rent $24.
$775«>— Rent $82; 5 stores and fiats; on Twenty-
fourth st.; lot 60x100; this is a fine opportunity
for some one; call for particulars.
$CooO— Mason st., near Sutter; house of 6
rooms and bath.
$2000— Filbert St., near Laguffii: eottag* of 6
rooms and bath; stable in rear of lot; lot 25x
137:6.
$1300— Big bargain; Jackson st., near Baker;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
stable in rear; lot 25x128.
$10.000— Fulton st.. near Franklin: large bay-
window residence of 10 rooms and bath; expen-
sively built; lot 40x120.
$4200— Welsh St.. near 4th; 3 flats of 3. 3 and
4 rooms; also rear house containing 2 flats of
4 rooms each; total rent $44.
$6000— Rent JoO; 3-story brick building contain-
ing stores and 14 rooms above; Minna near 3d.
$600C— Sacramento st. : 2 new flats. 6 and 7
rooms, etc.; lot 27x127; rent $52 50; both rented.
BALDWIN ft HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st.
MUST be sold — One of the best corners on
Dolores st.: suitable for bakery or grocery
store; lot 33x90; there is a new residence of
7 rooms and bath on rear of lot. Apply to 232
Liberty st.. near Dolores'.
$2500— 5- ROOM and bath cottage, 1606 Castro st.,
between 25th and 2Cth; $500 cash, balance $25
monthly, houses built to suit purchasers on
20th st.. near Castro. F. NELSON, builder,
414S Twenty-fifth st.
$7250— CORNER residence. 10 rooms; bath; cen-
trally located. Box 1079, Call office.
$100,000 to loan; low Interest; strictest privacy;
on diamonds. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
. COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR Sale or Rent — A place of 8 acres and im-
provements; 50 or 100 acres adjoining can be
had reasonable with it. Address D. D.,
Pinole, Contra Costa County.
AN improved 50-vara lot: beautifully located;
sunny corner; price $24,000; $12,000 can remain
on Interest. Box 526. Call.
i $100,000 to loan on watches, bronzes: private en-
trance. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant ave.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
REDWOOD road property, 100x190, with good 4-
room house, modern,, for Oakland, Alameda.
Berkeley or S. F. lots or improved prop.; will
assume small mortgage. 1665 24th ave. ; by let-
ter. D. P., 1600 2.'id ave., East Oakland.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
$5000 CLEAR; corner: 9 rooms; exchange ranch;
bay county. E. E. BUNCE, 90S Broadway,
Oakland.
DO you want a home very cheap? Look! ! '.
I will sell No. 361 East Seventeenth St., Oak-
land, for $2650; a 9-room house, with stable
and 30-foot lot: 40 minutes from San Fran-
cisco; $800 cash: balance mortgage on prem-
I ises; time to suit; belongs to a non-resident;
keys at 368 East Seventeenth st. R. P.
SAXE.
i FOR sale in Oakland— New house. 7 rooms and j
bath: 2-story; best construction and finish; |
lot 40x125; fine neighborhood; 3 minutes from I
railroad station; SO minutes from San Fran-
cisco; monthly installments. HERON &
HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
$100,000 to loan; low interest; private offices;
private entrance. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ave.
OAKLAND HOUSES.
MODERN 6-room flats from $12 to $17; no dark
rooms; stove and porcelain bath; water and
ash man free; Adeline station. Oakland; key
at 940 Union St. KOENIO & KROLU 1006
Broadway. . ■'.'' '.- -
HOTEL TO RENT. I "NFL 'RMSHED^
NEAR City Hall on prominent corner, hotel of
58 rooms; short walk to trains, theaters,
churches, etc. ; rent reasonable to responsible
party. HERON & HOLCOMB. 1050 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
| UNFURNISHED housekeeping apartments,
with carpets: roasnnnhle. 1229 Rmartwar.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE— Good and chean H. SCHKuT
HAAS' rid «tor». 408 Eleventh st «-• hl-r
I
A AM MIA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAIUL<I/A AU) Lu. liuL ML l\ Ij.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
BEFORE you buy or build see our bargains.
Alameda Land Company, installment home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park St.,
Alameda, Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
LOVELY place in the middle of an orchard;
house of 4 rooms; lot IWixl3o; only $1600. Ap-
ply to JAS. J. MASON. Real Estate. Berkeley.
MONEY TO LOAN.
MONEY to loan at rates which people can af-
ford to pay on furniture, pianos, etc.; do not
borrow of your friends or you will lose their
friendsnip; do business with strangers and be
better satisfied; no delay, no publicity. East-
ern Loan Co., rooms 9 and 10, 606 Market st.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F.. Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission: no delays. J.
NOONAN, 1017. to 1022 Mission St.. above
Sixth; telephone South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st. ; telephone Green 204.
ADVANCES on furniture or pianos without re-
• moval; money quick; confidential; no commis-
sion; lowest, interest. Room 68, 1170 Market.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI, 130 Post st.
ANY amount at 6^4 per cent on real estate, 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate in pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
$100,000 to loan on stocks, bonds and diamonds;
strictest privacy. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ave.
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission; private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
| SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests in
I estates a specialty. MURPHY. C36 Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch ofßce of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken. *
FINANCIAL. ,
FOREIGN and home capital to invest. STL-
VAIN SALOMON, broker. 328 Montgomery st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
. Marriage licenses have been Issued as follows:
J. Mombolsse and Rosalie Pedeprnde 27-22
A. de S. Vieira and Rosa L. de Freitas 36-37
R. S. Culverwell and Emma Hoyt 38-32
John E. Clark and Barbara Lawson 32-29
F. H. Shephard and Mary Ml 11 man 53-44
W. Nankervls and Elizabeth Johnston 26-24
Mlchele Dalto.and Assunta Sabatlno 20-15
Fred L. Baker and Marie M0nette.......... 28-26
L. W. James and Alberta Osden ..2S-25
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
sons authorized to have the same published.
BORN.
ANTET— In this city, October 23. IS9S, to the
.wife of W. H. Antey, a son,
ISRAEL— In this city, October 24, IS9B, to the
wife of Jake Israel, a son.
QUILLINAN— In this city. October 21, IS9B. to
the wife of Matt J. Qullllnan, a daughter.
SCHROEDER— In this city, October 8, 1898, to
the wife of C. Schroeder, a daughter.
WESSLING— In this city, - October 24, "1898, to
the wife of W.H. Wessling. a son. . .
DIED. ~- ~^~'
Betkouski, Ellen . Helmke. Minna :
Cainbernous, Alexan- Hetty. John ' "; .
der ■ Hlllman, Abigail
• Church. . Ellen P. Hoffmann. John .
Coffey, Michael "• Hutchlnson, John J.
Dugan, Maggie A. Murphy. John
Ede, William O'Connor. Charles T.
Felsenthal. Caroline Picholr, • Henry •
Gale. Jeremiah W. Queen. Hattie C.
Hall. Irene Salmon, Joseph S.
Harbour, Theodora Whitcomb. Reuel
Harper, Mary C. Wilde. John K.
BETKOUSKI-Ia this city, October M, IS3S.
Ellen, beloved wife of John Betkouskl, and
mother of Joseph Betkouskl, a native of
County Donegal, .Ireland, aged 60 years and
2 months.
ETFriends and acquaintances and members
of t-t. Peter's Society are respectfully in-
vited to attend the funeral to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 9 o'clock, from the parlors of Carew
& English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Boniface's Church. Golden Gate avenue,
where a solemn requiem mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of her soul, commenc-
ing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
CAMBERNOUS— Tn this city, October 25. 1898,
at 562 Bryant street. Alexander, beloved hus-
band of the late Ann Cambernous. father of
Mrs. Mary A. Laujardiere, and brother-in-
law of Mary Rellly and the late Mrs. Ellie
Dromey. a native of France, aged 76 years.
Notice of funeral hereafter.
CHURCH— In this city, Ellen P.. wife of
Thomas R. Church, and mother of A. E.
Buckingham, G. H. Buckingham, Edith D.
Buckingham and Gertrude W. Church, a na-
tive of Boston, Mass., aged ci years and 3
days. (Boston and New York rapers please
copy.)
Funeral private.
COFFEY— In this city. October 23. 1898, Mich-
ael Coffey, beloved father of P. J. and the
late M. J. Coffey, a native of County Kerry.
Ireland, aired 7S years.
DUGAN— In this city. October 24. 1898, Maggie
A., beloved wife of William F. Dugan, daugh-
ter of James Meehan of Brookfleld. Wash.,
and sister of Mrs. Roy Allen and
Maymie, Alydane, Charles and Edward Mee-
han, a native of St. John, N. 8., aged 28
years.
{C7Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at S: 3O o'clock, from her late
residence, 1201 Treat avenue, corner of Twen-
ty-fifth street, thence to St. Peter's Church,
where a solemn requiem high mass will be
celebrated for the repose of her soul, at 9
o'clock. Interment Mount Calvary Cemetery.
EDE— In this city, October 25, 1898, William,
beloved husband of Catherine Ede, and father
■of William Ede Jr. and Clara Louise Ede, a
native of England, aged 72 years 8 months
and 21 days.
(CT'Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Thursday), at 2
o'clock, from the Mission Masonic Temple,
; 2665 Mission street, under the auspices of
Mission Lodß-e No. 169, F. and A. M.. thence
to I. O. O. F. Cemetery for cremation. Re-
mains at the parlors of H. C. Bunker & Co..
2666 Mission street. Mission Masonic Temple.
FELSENTHAL— In this city, October 25, 1893,
Caroline, relict of the late Phillip Felsen-
thal. and mother of Mrs. H. Welnstock of
Sacramento, Mrs. S. M. Marks of San Fran-
cisco and David Felßenthal of Ventura, Cal.,
a native of Germany, aged 73 years and 3
months.
(C^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of Mr. S. M. Marks, 2527 Fillmore street. In-
terment Home of Peace Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and Townsend
streets. - r> -v
GALE— In this city, October 25, IMS, Jeremiah
W., beloved husband of Lydia A. Gale, a na-
tive of Vermont, aged SO years 1 month and
25 days. \
E^Friends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Thurs-
day), at 16 o'clock, at his late residence, 1198
Stanyan street. Interment Cypress Lawn
Cemetery.
HALL— In this city. October 24, 1398. Hulda
Irene, widow of the late William Hall, and
mother of Mrs. Allie M. Ladd and William
A. Hall, a native of Massachusetts, aged 70
years.
E^"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 112 Fair Oaks street, between Twenty-
second and Twenty-third. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
HARBOUR— In Alameda. October 25. IS9B,
Theodora, beloved wife of J. H. Harbour,
daughter of Mrs. A. and the late Adolph
Schroeiler, and sister of Mrs. R. Semler, Mrs.
E. Holsinger and Teny. Adolph. Ernst and
Alma Schroeder, a native of San Francisco,
aged 29 years 8 months and 6 days.
E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Thursday), at 10:16 o'clock, at
1609 Railroad avenue, Alameda. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
HARPER— In this city, October 25. 1898, at her
residence, 129 Grove street, Mary C. beloved
•wife of Richard B. Harper, a native of St.
Louis, Mo., aged 88 years.
HELMKE— In Oakland. October 24, 1898, Minna,
beloved wife of Conrad Helmke, and mother
of Harry. May, Louise and Willie Helmke. a
native of Moeller, Germany, aged 32 years
and 2 months.
in?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the family
residence, 73 Perry street, corner of Vernon.
Oakland Heights. Interment Mountain View
Cemetery. V
HETTY— In Santa Clara, October 24, IS9S, John,
beloved husband of the late Margarette Hetty,
and beloved father of Charles J. , Louis B.
and Julius F. Hetty, Mrs. P. Sassenrath.
Mrs. C. Pallepen and the late Mrs. R. B.
Roll, a native of Germany, aged 76 years 9
months and 10 days. A member of Santa
Clara Lodge No. 52, I. O. O. F.
E^Friends anj acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family
residence, on Grant street. Santa Clara.
HILLMAN— In this city, October 25, 1898, Abi-
gail, relict of the late Isaac Hiilman. beloved
mother of Mrs. George W. Studley, Mrs.
Henry Z. Jones, Mrs. Charles E. Burton and
Mr. John R. Hlllman, and sister of Mrs. Rob-
ert McElroy, a native of New York, aged
76 years 8 months and 7 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 11 o'clock, from Central M. E.
Church, Mission street, near Sixth. Inter-
ment Masonic Cemetery.
HOFFMANN— In the City and County Hospi-
tal, October 25, 1898, John Hoffmann, a na-
tive of Germany, aged 40 years.
HUTCHINSON— In Fruitvale. Alameda Coun-
ty, October 23, IS9B, John Jennings Hutchin-
son, dearly beloved father of Mrs. R. L.
Charles, Mrs. M. V. Gurnett. Mrs. "I. Tom-
pieman and William F. Hutchinson, a natir-
of Sheffield, England, aged 73 years and 13
days.' (Sacramento papers please. copy.)
[C?Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
2 o'clock, from Masonic Temple. Interment
private.
K. of H.— Yerba Buena Lodge No. 1753. Knights
of Honor: Members are requested to attend
the funeral of our late brother. John J.
Hutchinson, this day (Wednesday), at I
o'clock, from Masonic Temple.
JOSEPH BAKER. Dictator.
MURPHY— In Dunsmuir. Cal., October 22, 1898;
John Murphy, beloved brother of Patrick
Murphy and Mrs. Frank Smith, and nephew
of Kate Murphy, a native of the parish of
Kinawley, County Fermanagh, Ireland, aged
26 years.
ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday;, at 12 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
between Third and Fourth. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
O'CONNOR— At St. Joseph's Home Hospital,
October 24. IS9S, Charles T. O'Connor, dearly
beloved brother of Patrick F. O'Connor, a na-
tive of Pennsylvania, aged 35 years 10 months
and 1 day. A member of Court Jamestown.
F. of A.
Friend? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from the chapel of
St. Joseph's Home, where a requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
s i:i. commencing at the above hour. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
PICHOIR— In this city. October 24. IS9S. Henry
Plchoir, beloved brother of Mrs. Ida Amadt.
a native of Geneva, Switzerland, aged flt>
years 11 months and 4 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Wednesday), at 1:45 o'clock, at
Golden Gate Hall. 625 Sutter street, between
Mason and Taylor. Remains at the hall after
10 o'clock Wednesday. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery, by special train leaving
Third and Townsend streets at 3:15 o'clock.
QUEEN— In this city, October 25, 1898. Hattie
C beloved wife of Henry Queen, and sister
of'T. A. Wise, Mrs. P. W. Hk-kie, Mrs. L.
Hickok, Mrs. Adelaide Wise and Mrs. B.
Lightner of Sacramento and Mrs. O.J. Seeley
of Oregon, a native of England, aged 39 years
7 months and 30 days. .
(C? 1 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 597 Fell street. Interment Masonic
Cemetery.
SALMON— In this city, October 25, 1898. Jo-
seph Spencer, beloved husband of P. K. R.
Salmon, and father of William S. and Beaty
■ Salmon, a native of Stuvenvllle, Ohio, aged
61 years. (Stuvenville, Napa and Sacramento
papers please copy.)
[C Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 127 Ellis street. Interment Laurel Hill
Cemetery.
WHITCOMB— In this city, October 23, 1593.
Reuel Kimball. beloved husband of Sarah J.
Whltcomb, and father of Mrs. E. A. Eustice.
a native of Maine, aged 55 years 11 months
and 4 days.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the mortuary
chapel Of the Golden Gate Undertaking Com-
pany, 2425 Mission street, near Twenty-first.
Interment National Cemetery-
WILDE— In Berkeley, October 24, 1898, John
Richard, son of the late John W. Wilde, be-
loved husband of Annie M. Wilde. and father
of William W.. Annie and Richard Wilde, a
native of Augusta. Ga., aged 63 years 6
months and 14 days.
IMcAYOY & GALLAGHER. |
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBAUiIEBa I
20 FIFTH ST., , opp. Lincoln Bc4i>oL |
Telephone. South 80. '„_•__.,_"'
I™^™""*~~hT"bT~McA"VOY, Manager. " 1
AIcAVOV A. CO,, 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMEM I
1235 Market at., between Bth and 9th. B .
--• ■ ■ Telephone, South 147. . I
1112
E. L. FITZGERALD ACCUSED OF
FRAUD, FORGERY AND THEFT
The "Hefting" Mayor's Pro=
tege Is Pilloried by His
Former Associates.
Phelan's Candidate for Public Ad=
ministrator Charged With Mai
feasance===Miller's Wrongs.
The Call, In its purpose to subserve the
best interests of San Francisco, accepts
the duty of exposing another rascal to
public scorn. Edward L. Fitzgerald is
the Democratic nominee for the position
of Public Administrator, a trust more
sacred than any other in the gift of the
people of this city. The estates of the
dead, the inheritances of helpless women
and children are, under frequent condi
tions, absolutely at the command of the
Public Administrator. In more tnan airy
other public trust personal honor con
stitutes In this Instance a fitness for office.
The Call feels it a duty. Therefore. To
inform the public whaut manner of man is
E. L. Fitzgerald.
This aspirant for public favor and con
fidence is accused of theft. He is charged
with forgery. He is held up to public
condemnation as a -violator of his oath
and the betrayer of his friends. He is
pilloried as one base enough to dishonor
his private obligations, and then he asks
the tribute of public confidence. He is ac
cused of having used a public office to
nil his purse, and now he asks another
opportunity to possess the property of
thoße that death makes helpless.
The Call has neither the wish nor the
necessity to present anything but the
facts.
Edward L. Fitzg-erald swore to a false
hood before the registration officers of
this city. For years he maintained a dis
creditable alliance with Ole C Vlnzent
In a voting contest at the Midwinter Fair
this aspirant for favor betrayed his
friends in his own county for a consid
eration. He is charged with having sto
len the property of a friend that trusted
to his honesty. He is accused of having
duped one of his employes in the Labor
Bureau to sign a voucher for money that
the employe protests he jnever received
This is the arraignment of the maii
who. through the courtesy of Mayor Phe
lan and his committee of one hundred
asks the public of San Francisco to give
him control of the estates of the dead
False in his obligations to the living he
demands the people of this city to be
lieve that he will be true to those of
the dead.
No more serious allegation has been
made against E. L. Fitzgerald than that
preferred by E. J. Stewart, who is now
connected with the Laymance Real Estate
Agency of Oakland. Mr. Stewart de
clares that Fitzgerald used him as an in
strument with which to obtain dishonest
money from the State. Stewart charges
that as a public officer Fitzgerald took a
STEWART'S ARRAIGNMENT OF
E. L. FITZGERALD.
E. J. Stewart, who is associated with the Laymance
Real Estate Company of Oakland, was interviewed last night
in reference to a voucher dated June 30, 1896, against the
State Labor Bureau for services performed during the
months of May and June, 1896, amounting to $95. He ex
plained the transaction as follows:
"I was appointed to a position in the San Francisco
Mint on May 7, 1896, and performed no services whatever
for the State Labor Bureau after that date. Before I re
ceived my appointment in the Mint I was out of employ
ment, and E. L. Fitzgerald, Labor Commissioner, sent for
me and informed me that he could give me temporary em
ployment in his department and that the pay would not be
much, but would assist in paying expenses until I received
my appointment in the Mint.
"I accepted the offer and engaged in gathering some
statistics for the State Labor Bureau. During the time I
was employed by Mr. Fitzgerald he advanced me money for
expenses in sums of $1 and $2 at a time, but not to exceed,
all told, $20. After I received my appointment to a posi
tion in the Mint Mr. Fitzgerald sent for me. and as I came
into his office he left me in the presence of Edward M.Greene,
his deputy. Mr. Greene had a number of vouchers on the
desk and he requested me to sign a voucher for the services
performed by me. Mr. Greene's actions indicated to me that
he was trying to conceal from me the amount of money for
which I was signing, but while I was signing my name to the
voucher I noticed that the amount was for $95. Of this
amount I am prepared to say that I received no part of it ex
cept, as I before stated, small sums at different times, but not
to exceed $20.
"I am positive that I performed no services for the State
Labor Bureau after my appointment to the Mint, which was
on May 7, 1896. lam positive that C. L. Dam, the Dep
uty Labor Commissioner, wa s not present when I signed the
voucher, therefore it was utterly impossible for him to have
sworn me as is indicated by the voucher you have just
shown me. The voucher you have just shown me reads:
For extra work for the months of May and June at $47 50
per month. When I went to wor k f o r tne bureau there was
no stipulated amount per mo n th that I was to receive, and I
am certain I did not work ttreeh ree weeks all told. There is
one thing I am positive about, and that is I did not receive
the amount that I was requested to sign for, namely, $95.
{Signed),
false oath to obtain $95. These are serious
allegations and the proof of them The
Call presents this morning.
Stewart was a friend of Fitzgerald in
IM"'. when the Democratic nominee for
Public Administrator was in charge of the
Labor Bureau. Stewart needed work and
Fitzgerald played upon his necessities.
The Labor Commissioner informed his
friend that he could give employment.
Knit the remuneration would be small.
Stewart accepted the terms. He was seek
ing a place in the Mint and realized that
even a little money would serve his needs
until something better was obtained.
He now says that Fitzgerald used him
to make a dishonest demand on the State
for $9f). There is a record in the office of
the State Controller that the money was
actually paid.
There is a certification by E. L. Fitz
gerald that Stewart received it. C.
L. Dam, the deputy of Fitzgerald, placed
his signature to an assertion that he had
placed Stewart under oath when the
voucher for the money was signed. These
facts are matters of record. Fitzgerald
did, beyond question, swear before the
State Board of Examiners that Stewart
had rendered certain services during the
months of May and June. 1596.
On the other hand Stewart swears that
he rendered no services, except for a few
days, and that he received not one cent
of "the |96 paid by the State to E. L. Fitz
gerald. Mr. Stewart says that Fitzgerald
employed him in the Labor Bureau for a
period' of three weeks to collect and tabu
late statistics. When the employment
was given there was no stipulation in
reference to salary. Stewart says Fitz
gerald gave him for his work not more
than $$0 in sums of one and two dollars at
various times.
But this is not the most serious allega
tion mado by Stewart against the aspir
ant for Public Administrator. The real
estate man positively asserts that he ren
dered no service to the Labor Bureau af
ter May 7. 1896. when he obtained employ
ment at the Mint. The records show that
E. L. Fitzgerald gave his sworn indorse
ment to a claim that Stewart was em
ployed in the Labor Bureau for the
months of May and June, 1896. The State
paid $95 to E. L. Fitzgerald for that ser
vice that was never rendered.
On June 30, 1896. Stewart signed a
voucher for $95. He declares that E. M.
Greene, a Deputy Labor Commissioner, so
held the voucher that the sum signed for
could not distinctly be seen. Stewart
succeeded, however. In seeing that the
sum was greater than he had earned or
that he had received from Fitzgerald.
Stewart subsequently confided the details
of the transaction to his friends through
whom the facts were communicated to
The Call. When confronted with the rec
ord Stewart admitted the truth of the af
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, OCTOBEK 26, 1898.
fair and explained the incidents that led
up to it.
In doing so he recalled another circum
stance of moment. He declares positively
that C. L. Dam never placed him under
oath and was not even in the room when
the voucher was signed. These facts, in
all their severity, are given to the public
for its consideration.
It has been shown before that Mr. Fitz
gerald has no conception of the solemnity
of an oath. On two occasions during the
past year he has made affidavit before
deputies in the office of Registrar \V. J.
Biggy that he has resided in this city
five years.
In 1896 he made an affidavit, now on file
in the County Clerk's office of Alameda,
stating his place of residence to be Berke
ley. The directory of the same year gives
his address as Berkeley.
He has been the associate of one Ole C.
Vinzent in many disreputable transac
tions. During the Midwinter Fair Vinzent
was in charge of the Examiner booth in
which voting was conducted for a gold
cup to be awarded the county securing
the most votes. Toward the close of the
contest it was found that votes, once cast
for Alameda County, were stolen and
were then cast for Solano County. Mr.
Fitzgerald might tell who the messenger
was who carried the ballots to the repre
sentative of Solano County. The latter
had a residence on Adeline street, Oak
land, and when in this city registered at
the Grand Hotel.
Upon the death of Miss Valeria Hicke
thier of Oaklanad. in 1895, a joint note
signed by E. L. Fitzgerald and Ole C.
Vinzent for $40 was found among her ef
The $95 Voucher Signed by E. J. Stewart, to Which He Says He Never Made
Oath, and of the Amount of Which He Had No Knowledge.
WILLIAM EDE HAS
BREATHED HIS LAST
Body Will Be Cremated at I. O. O. F.
Cemetery To-Morrow Afternoon.
Is Now Lying at Masonic
Temple.
Captain William Ede, the well known
millionaire street contractor, died in this
city yesterday. The hour of his death
marked the passing of a wonderful old
man, whose life has been well sprinkled
with eccentricities and whose business
pursuits have often been interesting. He
had a hobby of investing in bonds and
mortgages, and well guarded Investments
placed the figures of his fortune in the
million spaces.
At the beginning of this year he sud
denly realized that this city had a future
and commenced placing large sums of
money in real estate. He immediately
made a number of deals and they were
consummated with apparently little con
sideration. The Auzerais property was
purchased in January, and two weeks
later he secured for the sum of $150,000 the
property at 1016 Market street, which ex
tends through to Eddy. He was what
might be termed a "speedy" buyer, and
tHe Auzerais deal was made in three
days' time for a consideration «f $152,000.
Most of this property he immediately
deeded over to his son. William Ede Jr.
At his request the body will be reduced
to ashes. The cremation will take place
at Odd Fellows' Cemetery to-morrow aft
ernoon. The funeral services will be con
ducted by Mission Masonic Lodge No. 169,
of which he was a member.
In the Divorce Courts.
George Larson has been granted a di
vorce from Elisa C. Larsen on the ground
of infidelity. Decrees of divorce on the
ground of neglect have been granted
Catherine Rustad from William Rustad
and Matilda L. Orr from Charles P. Orr.
Suits for divorce on the ground of infidel
ity have been filed by Alfred Kahn
against Mary Kahn. and Fred W. Bennett
against Margery H. Bennett. Barbara H.
Rushworth has sued William V. Rush
worth for a divorce, alleging cruelty as a
cause of complaint.
Charged With Grand Larceny.
Henry Raymond, a newsboy, 14 years
of age, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Policeman Driscoll on the
charge of grand larceny. He is suspected
of being the boy who entered Julius Van
Vliet's jewelry store. 752 Market street,
Monday, and Btole a valuable diamond
stud which a man a few minutes previ
ously had selected and promised to return
for. The boy denies that he had any
thing to do with the stealing of the stud.
William A. Deane Indorsed.
At a meeting of the Colored Equal
Rights Union League, held last evening,
William A. Deane was indorsed for Coun
ty Clerk. He was warmly eulogized by
the members of the league, and his many
friends, and he will receive their unani
mous support. The Glee Club Quartet
rendered tne usual musical entertainment
of the evening. The league adjourned to
attend a meeting of the Julius Kahn Club
on Howard street.
Yorke Council, Y. M. I.
Torke Council No. 508, Y.- M. 1., will
give its second entertainment in Union
spare Hall this evening. Miss Pauline
Upham will render some of her new se
lections. The affair will be under the di
rection of the committee on entertain
ment consisting of H. McNesby, "William
Gill, D. Hanlon, James Reilly, M. J. Mc-
Dermott and T. J. Horan.
The Heinrichs To-Day.
The fifth of the Hefnrlch recitals will be
given at Sherman A Clay Hall this after
noon at 3 o'clock, and at 11 o'clock in the
morning Mr. Heinrich will give an "In
tellectual Music Leaeon."
fects. Payment of this note and accrued
interest was fought bitterly until the eve
of the present campaign. It was then
settled for fifty cents on the dollar. Mr.
Fitzgerald was the man who bought the
ring and arranged the details of the al
leged contract wedding between Miss
Hickethier and Shelby Martin, the
banker.
Frank Miller, a resident of Fitchburg,
Alameda County, accuses Mr. Fitzgerald
of sharp practice while acting as his
agent. Payment was demanded of Mr.
Afiller on two notes, one for $250, made
payable to E. L. Fitzgerald, and the
other for $100, made payable to Ole C.
Vinzent. When these were presented Mr.
Miller repudiated them, saying his signa
ture was in each case a forgery. He was
sued in the Justice's Court, Oakland, but
the proceedings were quashed. Mr. Miller
never paid the notes.
Mr. Fitzgerald might, if in an explain
ing mood, tell of the disappearance of 300
chickens, a cow, horse, some furniture
and farming utensils from a ranch pur
chased through him by Mr. Miller, near
Elmhurst in 1893.
Six years ago Miller was a prosperous
butcher in Oakland. He owned a beau
tiful home on Filbert street, and was en
vied by his acquaintances. Mr. Fitzger
ald and Ole C. Vinzent, his companion
in many escapades, cultivated Miller's
friendship and spent many hours in his
office. He introduced them in his house,
a trust which they basely betrayed. While
in Mr. Miller's office Mr. Fitzgerald often
amused himself copying Mr. Miller's
handwriting, in imitating which he be
came an adept.
"E. L. Fitzgerald and Ole C. Vinzent em
bittered my life and robbed me until they
made me a poor man," said Mr. Miller
yesterday. "They took advantage of my
good nature and of the confidence I re
posed in them. They had the entree to
my home and abused that privilege. I
had a beautiful home on Filbert street,
Oakland, and they finally induced me to
exchange it for a ranch near Elmhurst
belonging to Charles Thorn. I was to se
cure possession on a certain day, but they
put me off for another twenty-four hours.
Late that night they went to the ranch
with wagons and carried away -everything
of value.
This included over 300 chickens, a Jersey
cow, which I understand is still at Mr.
COLONEL IRISH FOR GAGE.
Colonel John P. Irish will raise his
voice this evening In Metropolitan Temple
against Magulre and the fusion ticket in
general. Colonel Irish's ability as an or
ator is so well known as to need no com
ment; it is also known that ho has many
times stood on the platform in Metro
politan Temple, where he has so often
worked for the success of the gold Demo
cratic ticket. Two years ago he joined
the ranks of the Gold Democrats and
worked hard for Bryan's defeat. He now
considers that the old battle of 1596 is
to be fought over again, and wiil do his
best to make Maguire feel like an icicle
in July on the day after election.
Another meeting will be held this even
STILL WELLS=FARGO
SELLS ITS STAMPS
Only a Superior Court Decision, Says Mr. Valentine, bat
There Will Be Others.
Notwithstanding that Superior Judge Troutt has decided Wells, Fargo
& Co. must pay its own war tax and upon his decision has awarded to
William F. Costley nominal damages in the sum of $5 and the costs of his
action, the company still refuses to affix to its receipts the little blua
badges of the nation's necessity.
In fact. President Valentine looks upon the decision of Judge Troutt
as a differential instrument and has acceded to it as such. He has ad
mitted its justice and equity by mailing to William Costley a check cover
ing his damage and costs, but he denies this same Justice and equity by
still compelling his patrons to pay the company's tax. Wells-Fargo's
agents are affixing no stamps, nor, despite the plain written law, will they.
This upon the order of the manager of the company himself. But in ad
mitting Judge Troutt's findings to the extent of acknowledging the dam
ages of William Costley, Mr. Valentine has established a precedent that
may result In the diminution of his company's coffers to a greater extent
than would the righteous paying of its taxes.
As the caße stands to-day the merchants of this city can add several
hundred per cent to their profits by offering their freight to Wells, Fargo &
Co. for shipment without a war stamp and bringing suit for damages
upon its refusal. The minimum amount allowed by Mr. Valentine in cases
of this sort is $5, and he stands ready and willing to pay the costs of the
action. To the young man out of a job or the frugal citizen who has noth
ing else to burden his time here is a profitable employment, for a new suit
may be begun for every package hemay care to wrap and have refused, with
five dollars at least In sight for each refusal at the end of not more than
thirty days.
There need be no rush Into this new El Dorado. Mr. Valentine proposes
to give ample time to all who will. The decision of no court of this State
will change his present course, be it Justices or Supreme. Nothing but a
decision of the Supreme Court of the United States will do for ivir. Valen
tine, and a Supreme Court decision is, as a general thing, some little time
in coming to hand.
L. F. Rowell, the manager of Mr. Valentine's company, said as much
yesterday when he was asked as to the company's intentions toward the
people. He said: "No, of course we are not going to begin paying for the
war stamps. There has been no decision yet that we consider final or that
we think rightly compels us to pay this tax.
"Yes, Judge Troutt decided that Costley case against us. but then that
is only a Superior Court decision, and there have been two or three like
It in different Circuit Courts in the East, but until the United States Su
preme Court renders a decision against us I don't think we will begin buy
ing war stamps. We paid Costley his damages because the court awarded
them to him, but we did not consider that Judge Troutt's decision on the
stamp matter settled that question."
In other words, Judge Troutt's law Is all right when it costs anything
under a hundred, but for a larger expenditure Mr. Valentine and his man
ager demand the leverage of a higher decision.
Despite Mr. Valentine's small opinion of Superior Court and general
California decisions, Attorney General Fitzgerald is proceeding with his
plan to bring the company to time by a writ of mandamus. As was an
nounced in The Call of Friday morning last. Assistant Attorney General
Anderson presented at Wells, Fargo & Co.'s office a package addressed to
the State Board of Examiners, which was refused transmission upon his
declining to pay for and affix the necessary stamp.
With this refusal as a basis for his action the Attorney General pro
poses to apply to the Circuit Court for a writ of mandate, compelling the
company to accept and transmit his package.
Attorney General Fitzgerald is preparing a digest of the recent decision
of the Michigan Circuit Court, and of all other declslo»s and opinions that
he can find that have any bearing upon the case.
Fitzgerald's home in Berkeley; a horse
and a lot of furniture and farming im
plements. It had been stipulated 1 was
to receive all these articles. The cnick
ens were sold to Jake Pantoskey. and
when I charged Mr. Fitzgerald with the
sale he laughingly acknowledged that ne
had done so." „
'•These men used to sit in my office at
night and often imitated my handwrit
ing, showing it to me and saying: See,
we can write just like you.' One day Ja
cob Greenhood, at that time president of
the California (Oakland) Bank, drove up
to my store. ...
"He asked me to go to the bank with
him. I jumped In his buggy dressed as 1
was in my butchers' apron. When we
reached the bank he asked me to sign my
name on a blank sheet of paper. I aid
so and he said: "I thought so, the signa
ture to this note as a forgery. We can
send those fellows across to San Quen
tin.
"He then showed me a note purporting
to be signed by me. It was drawn in
favor of B. L. Fitzgerald.
"Suit was afterward brought against me
to recover $250 on this note and $100 on one
drawn in favor of Ole C. Vinzent. After
the case was submitted, the Judge took
it under advisement. Further proceed
ings were quashed and I have never been
called upon to pay those forged notes. J
asked Mr. Greenhood afterward as to
whether he secured his money. He gave
me an evasive answer, hinting that some
one narrowly escaped a trip to State's
Prison."
This scathing indictment of E. L,. Fitz
gerald by the men with whom he has been
associated reveals his actions in private
life and his conduct in public office. With
this record and as the protege of Mayor
Phelan this man asks the votes of decent
citizens. Accused of serious crimes,
thrust upon the Democrats of the city,
dragged from his Alameda obscurity by
Mayor Phelan. Fitzgerald impudently
seeks the suffrages of self-respecting peo
ple. The Mayor, boss and "hefter," could
find, in his opinion, no Democrat in five
wards honest enough to stand the test
of public criticism. But E. L. Fitzgerald,
accused of shameful offenses, was carried
from Alameda, a discredited sharper in
his dealings with the living, to seek as
Phelan's favorite, to obtain control of the
sacred Interest of the dead.
ing in Odd Fellows' Hall. Hon. E. T.
Preston of this city and Frank H. Short
of Fresno, both good speakers, will ad
dress the meeting.
FBANK LESLIE'S POPULAR MONTHLY, 10 CENTB.
Immensely Improved. Superbly Illustrated. Price
cut to 10 cents. Buy a copy to-day. Edition
limited.
All Are Republicans.
A meeting of Republicans was held last
evening at 536 Howard street. A delega
tion of fifty members of the Holland
Club of the Forty-fifth District visited tne
meeting. Many speeches were made and
much enthusiasm shown.
ADVEBTISEMEN'i'S.
BLANKETS,
COMFORTERS!
Special Values This Week !
3 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, all pure wool, \ bed
size $3.75 Pair
5 cases EXTRA SIZE WHITE BLANKETS, made from
Australian wool $6.00 Pair
4 cases FULL-SIZE MARSEILLES BEDSPREADS, both
white and colored, all hemmed. . . ,$2.00 Each
2 cases EXTRA QUALITY ENGLISH MARSEILLES
BEDSPREADS (white only), very handsome de-
signs $3.50 Each
15 dozen EXTRA SIZE PRINTED SILKOLINE COM-
FORTERS, pure snowflake filling . .$1,50 Each
10 dozen FINE FRENCH PRINTED SATEEN COM-
FORTERS, white cotton filling. ..$3.50 Each
EXTRA SPECIAL!
5 cases FINE WHITE BLANKETS, full size, SLIGHTLY
IMPERFECT, manufactured by the Golden Gate
Woolen Mills —
Price, $4.50 Pair.
EXTRA SPECIAL!
6 dozen 8-4xB-4 REVERSIBLE TAPESTRY TABLE
COVERS, new colorings and heavy fringes —
$2.50 Each.
HI. 113. 115. 117. 119, 121 POST STREET.
BLOCKADE RUNNER IN
TROUBLE ON THE FRONT
THE OLD LATTRADA TAKES AN
OTHER VESSEL'S BERTH.
TJncle Sam Has No Further Use for a
Naval Rendezvous Here, So the
Place on California Street
Has Been Closed.
The old blockade runner Lanrada was
in trouble on the front yesterday. She
arrived off port last Monday morning,
and as Captain Fraser did not know the
port very well. Captain James Carrol, re
ceiver of the Boston-Alaska Commercial
Company, owners of the steamer, went
out in a tug and brought her in. He
docked her at Section A of the seawall in
a berth reserved for the British ship Ga
lena. The latter vessel was towed over
from Sausalito yesterday, and when the
berth was found to be occupied the
trouble began.
Assistant Chief Wharfilnger Scott was
summoned and he ordered the Laurada
into the stream. The mate, in the ab
sence of Captain Fraser, refused to move.
Mr. Scott summoned a tug and then the
mate said there would be trouble if any
body touched the ship. Then Mr. Scott
summoned a policeman and threatened to
arrest the mate and move the ship with
out him. Then the mate gave in, the
Laurada was moved into the stream and
the delayed Galena was docked.
The Naval Rendezvous at 10 California
street, has been abolished. No boys or
men are wanted for the navy, as the re
cruits for Dewey's fleet are being sent
from the East via the Suez Canal. Lieu
tenant J. C. Burnett, Assistant Engineer
J H Snow and Sailmaker Wlliam Red
stone who were In charge of the rendez
vous have been ordered to Mare Island
and Assistant Surgeon William Bell has
been ordered to the Marine Rendezvous
at 20 Ellis street.
The Seamen's Institute is to give a con
cert In its hall at 33 Steuart street to
night. The affair is being engineered by
H. J. Stewart, organist of Trinity
Captain Ryder of the ship Elwell will,
on his arrival from Puget Sound, take
command of the ship Florence, and First
Officer Ellis of the Elwell will succeed
him as master. First Officer Warner of
the Wilna will take command of the
Bundeleer, vice Captain Rice, who re
mains ashore to look after his business
interests.
The revenue cutter Hartley was exam
ined by the Inspectors of Hulls and Boil
ers yesterday and new machinery will
have to be put in if she is to be continued
in the Government service.
ODD FELLOWS' JUBILEE-
A Meeting to Be Held To-Night to
Make Arrangements for the
Grand Event Next Year.
There will be a meeting- to-night in Odd
Fellows' building for the purpose of tak
ing the preliminary steps for the golden
jubilee of Odd Fellowship in California,
to be held in September of next year.
There will be present the majority of the
grand officers and delegates from subor
dinate lodges, the Rebekah lodges and
the encampments. The meeting will be
under the auspices of California Lodge,
which inaugurated the movement. Among
those who have expressed willingness to
be present are Karl C. Breuck. grand
master; J. L. Robtnette, grand warden:
George T. Shaw, grand secretary; Judgps
J J de Haven and W. W. Morrow. M.
M Estee. Jacob H. Neff. William Henry
Barnes W T. Galloway, B. W. Day, J.
H Simpson, F. E. Wright and H. J. Dig
gles.
Your Opportunity.
"We will send free sample of Smith's
Dandruff Pomade to any one troubled
with dandruff, eczema and Itching scalp.
Address Smith Bros.. Fresno, Cal. •
Mock Moo Died.
Mock Moo, the Chinaman shot in the
Chinese Theater on Washington street
last Monday night, died yesterday.
You will find the latest thlno In wall
paper at Clark's, 968 Market »trcet. •
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY'S
NEW BOOKS.
Hep Memory.
By Maarten Maartens, author of "God's
Fool," "The Greater Glory." "Joost
Avelingh," etc. Uniform edition.
With Photogravure Portrait. 12mo.
Cloth, $1 50.
After Maarten Maartens* long silence
this new example of his fine literary art
will be received with peculiar interest. He
offers in this book a singularly delicate
and sympathetic study of character.
The Scourge of God.
By J. Bloundelle-Burton, author of
"The Clash of Arms," "In the Day of
Adversity," "Denounced," etc. 12mo.
Cloth, ,$1; paper, 50 cents. No. 251,
Appletons' Town and Country Li-
brary.
The author's high rank among the
romantic novelists of the day is confirmed
by the intense interest of this spirited and
absorbing tale.
These books are for sale by all booksellers;
or they will be sent by mall on receipt of prtc«
by the publishers,
D. APPLETON AND COMPANY,
72 FIFTH AVENUE. NEW YORK.
\ GOOD COOKS I
I HAVE USED If I
!EOBS0 YEARS g
ffISTOH!
I AND «.^ ■
MERRILL'S i
I K PURE^rt 5
ONCE TRIED i
j AL ysUSEDj
i FINE CHINA, i
88 — — . ; ■ $8
S5 Real r Saxon China, Canelle n»
05 shape, gold band, cup and ■__
£. saucer....... 12^c each ~
2- Nicely decorated, full size *»
'"-. Dinner Rates, set of 6 40c *3
85 Handsomely decorated, fancy 8S
85 shape China Fruit Piate5........ $8
*] — 1................. 10c each a
28 - Mail Orders a Specialty. £•
I will&Wnckco., ss
gj 8 8-820, Market Street. 88
S3 88,82 83 83 nil Zi 12 Z2 nti ti
a ji YAPHT^
. H. ENGELBRECHT. Successor to
SAN FRANCISCO LAUNCH CO..
Continues the buslneca of the above company
at the same place,' ;. Telephone Red 1571. .
Corner North Point and Stockton Street*.