VOLUME LXXXIII.-NO. 3C>.
IS ENGLAND
BACKED BY
AMERICA?
Claims This Country's Sup
port in Troubles in the
Far East.
Strong Pressure Being Brought to
Bear Upon the Administration
to Take Action Against
Partitioning China.
LONDON, Jan. 5. — The Times, commenting editorially
this morning upon the statement of the Cologne Gazette that
since Thursday last negotiations have been proceeding in Lon
don for a Chinese loan upon the proposed security of the land
tax and accession of territory, denies that England has any
intention to demand territory or take the lead in the partition
of China.
It says: "England's policy, on the contrary, aims at rmin
taining the Chinese empire as a growing concern and a vast
field for the extension of trade. In pursuing this policy we are
glad to note that England enjoys the powerful support of the
United States Government as well as the public sentiment of
that portion of the American people which is not swayed by
Mind jingo denunciations. "
The editorial considers that the Government would be justi
fied even in incurring "reasonable financial risks which might
formerly be properly regarded as outside the scope of Govern
ment action" in order to combat measures restrictive of trade
which Hussia and Germany are seeking to obtain from China
in the shape of railway and mining monopolies and the like.
NEW YORK. .lan. 4.— The Heralds
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Strong pressure is being
Drought to hear upon the Administra
tion for some official declarations
showing that the United States does
toot view vi th unconcern the move
ment of the powers in <'hina, and that
any occupation of the territory in vio- ■
lation of the favored nation clause in
our treaties will meet with an earnest
protest from this country. It is the
opinion of a number of Senators who
have recently talked with the Presi
dent on the subject that the powers at
present are playin? their cards for Chi
nese commerce rather than fur Chi
nese territory, and that it is the duty
of the Administration to see that noth
ing is done inimical to our interest in
this respect.
Li Hung Chang's appeal was touched
upon at the Cabinet to-day, and will
come up again at the next meeting,
when something definite may be de
cided upon as to the attitude of the
United States.
TVu Ting Fang, Chinese Minister to
the United States, says that just as
soon as China can raise the necessary
funds she proposes to commence the
execution of a shipbuilding programme
which will place her navy in a better
position than it was before the Japan
ese war. His Government now has five
cruisers and torpedo-boats under con
struction in Germany. According to ad
vices received China contemplated the
construction of six large battle-ships,
twelve armored cruisers, twenty second
and third-class cruisers, several 32
knot torpedo-destroyers and a number
of torpedo-boats. It 1s understood at
the Navy Department that this pro
gramme cannot be placed in effect for
some time, as China is without suffi
cient money to pay for the ships.
I talked to-day with Lieutenant-
Commander Jose G. Sobral, naval at
tache of the Spanish legation, in regard
to the Eastern situation. His views are
based on observations he made while
stationed in the East. He said: "Just
as America was once divided among
the European powers so will China and
the rest of Asia be partitioned. In spite
of the opposition of the yellow people,
European civilization will be spread
over the Eastern continent."
MONEY IS WANTED
BY CHINESE STATESMEN
FROM THE ENGLISH.
It Begins to Look as Though the Situation in
the East Would Turn Upon the Com
mercial Pivot.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— The Evening
News says It is reported in the city
that the negotiations for a Chinese
loan of £16,000,000, guaranteed by the
British Government, are practically
concluded.
The Cologne Gazette on authority
from *he best-informed quarters in
Paris, announces to-day that since
Thursday last important negotiations
have been proceeding in London for a
Chinese loan, the attempts made In
Paris and St. Petersburg to arrange
for It having failed. China has offered
to contract for £16,000,000 in London, at
the same time asking the good offices
of the British Government.
China, it appears, contemplates offer
ing as Becurity the land tax, under the
control of Englishmen, and agrees, fur
thermore, that an Englishman shall
succeed Sir Robert Hart as director of
the Chinese Imperial Maritime Cus
toms. In addition. Great Britain will
insist upon a concession of territory,
relative to -which secrecy, according to
the informant erf the Cologne Gazette,
must be temporarily observed.
The Cologne Gazette adds that It 1b
The San Francisco Call
understood Russia has renewed her
offer to China to include a loan in Ger
many on more favorable ternrs than
are obtainable in Paris or London.
According to a dispatch to the Daily
Mai! from Rome. Pignnr Crispi, th-
distinguished Italian statesman and
former Premier, has said, in the course
of an interview there, that events in
the far east have proved that Rus
sia "only sought the French alliance
to hamper France in this important
matter, and that Italy would get noth
ing by supporting England in Chinese
affairs, while she might expect much
from supporting Russo-German ac
tion."
Captain Rosendahl, commander of
the German warship Friedrlch Karl,
has been appointed commander of the
German forces ashore at Kiaochau
Bay.
It appears that Monslprnor Anzer,
bishop of the province of Shantung,
China, in his recent visit to the Pope,
at Rome, not only discussed the de
velopments in China, but had an un
official mission from Emperor William
to enlist the aid of the Pope on behalf
Continued m Second Page.
NEWS OF THE DAY.
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Cloudy on Wednesday, prob
ably without rain; southerly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco Si degrees
Portland 46 degrees
Los Angeles 62 degrees
San Diego 62 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
England Backed by America.
Loot of an Express Car. .
Bitter Fight Against Hanna.
French In Abyssinia.
SECOND PAGE.
Help for trie Klondike.
French Bikers Claim Fraud.
Nicaragua Friendly to America.
THIRD PAGE.
Prisoners Taken to British Soil.
■ A Big Swindler In Custody.
Old Man Tortured by Fire.
Raiding San Jose's Treasury.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Tramp Shot by an Officer.
Oppose the Judge's Typewriter.
FOURTH PAGK.
Southern California Farmers Meet.
A Blow to Arbitration.
Weds an Indian Prince.
Pictures Sent by Wire.
Loud Names Postmasters.
FIFTH PAGE.
News Along the Water Front.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Two-Faced on Annexatio-
Flippancy in Court.
Taxation Exemptions.
Not T"p to Expectations.
The Disgraced Bulletin.
The Right Spirit.
Poem. "Give Me the Sea."
The Sins of toe Children.
Queries.
SEVENTH PAGE.
The New Stevenson Block.
Salvation Army Rally.
The Examiner Fake Advertisements.
EIGHTH PAGE.
The Police Judges' Difference.
Those Curbstone Brokers. "
Police Capture Tauchl.
No Money for Comer Signs.
At Outs Over the Dow Killing.
NINTH PAGE.
Steelheads Seined by the Ton.
A Woman Crushed by a Car.
Durrant Tries Again.
Jubilee and Mining Fair. : '- ? »*--»
TENTH PAGE.
Commercial News.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
News From Across the Bay. f&if
TWELFTH PAGE.
- Racing at Ingl<-sirl».
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Deaths..
FOURTEENTH PAGE. -
The Bulletin in Its Fall. ' . ••
SAX FRANCISCO, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
TWO YOUNG
ROBBERS RAID
THE EXPRESS
Loot a Car Within the
Limits of Kansas
City.
They Surprise and Soon
Overpower the Mes
senger.
Break Open the Local Safe
and Carry Off the
Contents.
THEN LEAVE AT A SIDING.
Nervousness of the Pair of Bandits
Indicates That They Are Novices
at the Business.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY. Mo., Jan. 4.— After
about three months' inactivity Kansas
City's train robbers scored another
brilliant achievement to-night. This
time the Kansas City. Pittsburg and
Gulf road is the sufferer. The com
pany's Port Arthur express, which left
the company's depot here at 6:40 to
night, was robbed before it had passed
beyond the city limits.
Two men, whom no one but the ex
press messenger seems to have seen,
climbed into the express-car as the
train left the depot. They overpowered
the messenger, bound and gagged him
and rifled the car before the train came
to a stop. When the train slowed up
at a railroad crossing known as Air
Line Junction, near the southeastern
limits of the ciis r , they climbed out of
the car and disappeared. Nothing -v\;is
known of the robbery until a negro
train porter entered the car and found
the hdpfa ss « xpress messenger.
After the train had been stopped and
others of the crew had come forward
and released the express messenger, it
was found that the robbers had rifled
the local safe, taking from It every
thing of value. They had made no ef
fort to disturb the through safe, which
is protected by a time lock. From Air
Line Junction a telegraphic report of
the robbery was sent to this city and
the train proceeded south. The Wells-
Fargo Company control the express
on the Pittsburg and Gulf Road. At
the express company's office here. C.
R. Tease, the local manager, stated
that there was not much of value in
tho local safe, and that $200 or $300
would probably cover the company's
loss. In police circles, however, the
impression prevails that th<* robbers
secured several thousand dollars In
money and Jewelry.
The report received at the express
company's office here states that the
robbers entered the express rar as the
train was pulling out of the yards, hav
ing forced the rear door with a Jimmy.
E. X. Hyde of Kansas City was the
express messenger. T'pon turning from
his work he looked Into the barrel of a
Fix-shooter. The messenger offered no
resistance, though he was well armed,
and after the robbers had bound him,
one of them stood guard over him
while the other rifled the safe.
The robbers are described as smooth
faced young men and the fact that both
were extremely nervous while in the
express car is taken as evidence that
they are new recruits to Kansas City's
force of train robbers.
At 7 o'clock a special train was sent
to the scene of the robbery with a
force of policemen and marshals, and
theae men are now scourin^ the coun
try along the river banks in search of
the robbers.
Though to-night's robbery is the first
that has occurred on the P. & G. line,
it is the sixth crime of the kind per
petrated In Kansas within fifteen
months. There have been several ar
rests of train robbers during this time,
but there has not been a single convic
tion. __
DREYFUS CHAMPIONED BY
GENERAL W. S. ROSECRANS.
American Veteran of the Opinion That the I
Frenchman Should Be Given a
Rehearing.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— General W.
S. Rosecrans is a strong- champion of
Captain Emll E. Dreyfus, the French
officer who is serving- a life sentence
on L'lsle dv Diatale for revealing
French military secrets to the Qer
mans. In response to a request Gen
eral Hopecrans has written the follow
ing 1 as his views of the case:
The case of Captain Dreyfus is one
that appeals to the sympathy of every
true American. A rehearing of the cn*a
under impartial influences would cer
tainly do no harm, were he guilty or in
nocent. If guilty, a MQOIMI conviction
would accentuate the majesty of the law
more forcibly. If innocent, a great in
justice would be at least partially atoned
for, a gallant and efficient officer would
be restored to the service of his beloved
country and his many friends and sym
pathizers throughout the world would re
joice In his vindication.
Ills gallant and patriotic conduct when
his sword and insignia of rank were torn
from him, when his sentence of dismissal
from the army was being carried out,
his devotion to his country, manifested
by his cheers and the cry of "Vive la
France" In the midst of this scene of ob
loquy and degradation, appeal to every
loyal soldier and certainly do not bear
tho> marks of treason to his country. If
guilty, would he not have curaed those
wh<> were thus heaping disgrace upon
him?
In the Interest of truth and justice I
heartily second the efforts made In the
work of obtaining a rehearing of the case
of this unfortunate officer.
SENSATIONAL
SCANDAL IS
DEVELOPED
Ohio Senatorial Fight;
Takes a New
Turn.
Alleged Indignities Of
fered to Representative
Griffith's Wife.
Sequel to the " Flopping " of the
Speaker Pro Tern of the
House.
HANNA'S MEN EXPLAIN IT.
They Tell What Occurred at an All-
Night Conference at Which Mrs.
Griffith Attended.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
COLUMBUS. Ohio, Jan. 4.— To-night,
It Is alleged, the Hanna managers lost
the two doubtful members that they
had gained to-day, bo that It Is said
there Is no material change from that
of yesterday, when the House stood 56
to 53 against Hanna. This would give
the Seoator only 70 votes on joint bal
lot, or three less than enough votes to
elect. In connection with the change of
Representative Griffith, back to the
antl-Hanna camp there are most scan
dalously sensational reports In circula
tion. Mr. Griffith has been on both
sides several times, and' bo pledged
himself in writing. In these dispatches
yesterday was an accVmnt of the Han
na workers spending Sunday night
with Representative Griffith and of his
sending at 3 a. m. for his wife to cpme
from the Great Southern Hotel to the
Neil House to Join him in a conference
with the Hanna people.
At R a. m. the Kurtz people saw Mrs.
Griffith and the all-night work of the
Hanna men was undone Just before
her husband went to the State House
on Monday nnrn f j to qualify as
Speaker pro tern. wlt>. .tee other can
didates of "the combine." After the
Legislature was organized Mr. Griffith
had another night of conferences on
both Fides of the Senatorial case and
this morning he pave the Hanna men
a written pledge over his own signa
ture that he would vote for the Sena
tor. Later In the day he was Been by
the opponents of Senator Hanna. and
to-nlcht he gave out the following:
To the public: Tt Is due to the public
and myself that I mako a statement of
my position in the Senatorial matter.
"While it is true that the convention
which nominated me pa«spfd a resolution
requesting me to support Senator Hanna,
and •while I at various times during the j
campaign and since declared my inten
tion to follow that r. .|ti.st and even
promised a dozen or more of my constitu- !
ents In Mr. Hanna's headquarters on
Monday of this week that T would do so.
I have, however, since learning the par
ticulars of the Indignities heaped upon
my wife Monday morning, reached the
conviction that I would be untrue to my
manhood should I cast my vote for a
man who either uses or employs such
methods, and shall resent the indigni
ties and insults heaped upon myself and
friends, and also do a rvice for my
State and country, by voting for a Re
publican other than Mr. Hanna for
United States Senator.
Notwithstanding the threats that have
been made to me that I cannot return
and live in T'nlon county if I do not vote
fr.r Mr. Hanna. It is my hnp P an d belief
that the good people who have honored
BM with the'r confidenre and whom I
love and honor will uphold me in this de
termination, that cannot under any cir
cumstances now be chaiw-
J. E. GRIFFITH.
When a copy of the statement pur
porting to come from Representative
Griffith waa shown to Senator Hanna
this evonini? he said: "I do not believe
Mr. Griffith ever made this statement,
because It is not true. It Is represent
ed to me that he is an honorable man,
and therefore I shall not believe with
out some further evidence that he ever
made or used any such statement."
Notwithstanding that Mr. Hanna re
gards it as untrue that Representative
Griffith himself published the state
ment, yet it is known that the docu
ment is in Griffith's handwriting,
whether he prepared it himself or not.
The last letter of Griffith has caused
not only a sensation, but the most bit
ter feeling and the worst of charges
on the part of rival workers.
A signed document was Riven out to
night by Grorere McPerk, a personal
friend of Representative Griffith of
Marysville, Union County, in regard to
Mr. Griffith's statement that his wife
had received indignities from Mr.
Hanna and his friends. He states that
during the all night conference at the
Neil House on Sunday night between
Griffith and the Hanna leaders Griffith
requested that Mrs. Griffith, who was
stopping in the hotel, be sent for. Act
ing upon this request. Mr. McPeck
says, he and Mr. Chapman secured a
cab and took Mrs. Griffith to the Neil
House. Continuing Mr. McPeck says:
"Mr. Chapman accompanied her to
her room. Afterward she came to room
IS, where her husband was. Her hus
band returned to the Great Southern
Hotel and left her in room 15, in com
pany with Mr. Chapman and Jerry P.
Bliss. As Mr. Bliss did not seem in
clined to leave her room and give her
a chance to retire, we Invited her into
the public reception room, with the
expectation that Mr. Bliss would then
leave the room. I also had some con
versation at the same time. At all
times while at the Neil House Mrs.
Griffith received the most courteous
THE FRENCH IN ABYSSINIA.
M. Lagarde, Embassador and Minister Plenipotentiary from France to
the court of Abyssinia, setting out from Hararwith Ras Makonnen to meet
Negus Menelik at Adis-Adaba.
To M. Legarde is due the credit for establishing the present friendly
relations and understanding between the two powers which is causing so
much concern in England, In making the visit to the court he left his com
panions at Harar, confiding himself entirely to Ras Makonnen.
PARIS, Jan. 4. — A letter from an officer of the Marchand expedition — which, according to
the authentic news received here yesterday, had arrived at Rafai, in the Tambura district of the
Nile Basin, on September 17, and was proceeding to occupy Rumbek, in the territory of
Bahr-El-Ghazeel — published in the newspaper of Toulouse, says the French force consists of
twenty-four white men and 500 riflemen. Describing the hardships endured, the writer says:
"The native carriers give much trouble. We seized them forcibly, and they attempted
to escape at every opportunity. We vainly shot or hanged those who were recaptured, but
others continued to escape. Many were recaptured, but several succeeded in getting away.
We were obliged to enter villages with a few riflemen and seize al! the men and women found
therein. Sometimes the whole population fled. Then we burned a few huts, which generally
induced the natives to return. We then seized the chief and compelled him to give us the
slaves to carry our loads. This is the only way to deal with these brutes, whom we have seen
quarrel over the bodies of their shot comrades for food."
treatment on the part of Senator
Hanna and all his friends.
"I will say further, that for many
years past the relations between Mr.
Griffith's family and Mr. Chapman and
myself and our families have been of
a very cordial character and that Mr.
Chapman and myself have been very
warm political as well as personal
friends of Mr. Griffith, and if any in
dignity had been offered to Mrs. Grif
fith by any person while she was in
our presence, we would have resented
it. It is not reasonable to suppose
that Senator Hanna or any of his
friends would offer any indignity to
any lady, especially the wife of a mem
ber who had promised to vote for Mr.
Hanna for United States Senator and
whose vote at that time, as he had
through the entire campaign, fully ex
pected to receive."
General Grosvenor stated that he
had to be in Congress on Thursday
to take part in the debate, and that
he was leaving for I that purpose and
would be back the lart of the week.
J. Park Alexander of Akron, a trustee
of the Ohio Imbecile Asylum, to-day
resigned because of Governor Bush
nell's course on the Senatorship. The
four Republican clubs of Columbus to
night resolved not to participate in the
inauguration of Governor Bushnell
next Monday.
♦
REPUBLICANS
DECIDE NOT TO
HOLD A CAUCUS.
They Will Fight the Senatorial Struggle to a
Finish on the Floor of the
Legislature.
COLUMBUS, Ohio, Jan. 4.— The po
litical future of Senator Hanna is cer
tainly to-night in a closely poised bal
ance. While there are now reported to
be only nine dissenters among the
eighty Republican members — one in
the Senate and eight in the House — yet
the really doubtful list is limited to
two or three. Some of the dissenting
> Republicans are not likely ever to be
reconciled to Senator Hanna. They
have burned the bridges behind them
and openly admit It. Representatives
I Griffith of Union and Joyce of Guern
i eey, ■who voted with "the combine" on
From a photograph by M. Bouglaer.
the organization of the House, stated
to-day that they would vote for Sena
tor Hanna, This givt^s Hanna fifty
four in the House and seventeen in the
Senate — a total of seventy-one, or two
short of the necessary majority.
Droste of Hamilton, who voted for
I'.MXwell for Speaker, announced at the
time that he would support Jeptha
Gerrard, a silver Republican, for Sena
tor, so that the net Rain for Hanna to
date over the vote on the organiza
tion Is only one. The Hanna men say
they expect to get the votes of Scott of
Fuller and Rutan of Carroll, who were
instructed for Hanna and voted for
the "combine" on organization.
The doubtful members are being of
fered their choice of chairmanships and
given the opportunity to make all other
selections they want. The power of
the organization of the House is cer
tainly being used to the greatest pos
sible advantage, and its influence is not
to be underestimated in connection
with the support of the State adminis
tration. While Mr. Kurtz and his as
sociates will make no statements, yet
they are holding back the appointments
on the committees and other patronage
in anticipation of gaining several votes
on the Senatorial ballot.
In holding their men in line the
"combine" is having trouble with some
of the sixty-five Democratic members.
It is believed that Mayor McKisson will
give way to Mr. Kurtz for the short
term for Senator, while Governor Bush
nell has all along been regarded as the
candidate for the long term.
Letters and telegrams poured in to
day on Governor Bushnell, the dissent
ing Republican members and others,
protesting against the action of the
Republicans who are co-operating with
the Democrats. In reply, thoee about
the headquarters in the Great South
ern Hotel revived the talk of the Amer
ican Protective Association, the work -
ingmen nnd others being opposed to
Senator Hanna.
The announcement to-day by the
Republicans that they would have no
joint Senatorial caucus to-morrow
nipht or at any time previous to the
balloting for Senator will compel all to
continue in this guerrilla warfare for
another week, but with the result de
pending on the action of two or three
doubtful members neither side could
show its hand without exposing the
recruits or the deserters to terrific fire
for at least a week. It was expected
by the public that there would be de
cisive results at the caucuses to-mor
row, but there will be no caucuses, and
the steering committees will try to
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
have all members located before bal
loting begins.
The Senate and the House will ballot
separately next Tuesday for Senator.
The Senate will stand 19 to 17 against
Hanna by Senator Burke voting with
the Democrats. The House on Monday
stood 56 to 53. It is now 55 to 54
against Hanna. This would settle the
contest if "the combine" in both houses
can concentrate on any one candidate
against Hanna, and when the two
houses meet on the following day,
Wednesday, January 12, to canvass in
joint assembly the vote of the previous
day, as cast by each branch separately,
there would be nothing to do except to
announce the total result as 74 to 71
against Hanna.
But if Senator Hanna has not a ma
jority a week hence it is doubtful
whether any opponent will have it, and
the general prediction is for a dead
lock. In the event that the balloting
next Tuesday does not show a major
ity for any one the General Asssembly
will proceed on the next day to ballot
ing in the joint assembly, and continue
to do so until there is an election. The
balloting a week hence may not do any
more than compel the contestants to
show their names on rollcall, and after
that the same fight may be continued
for an indefinite period.
The "combine" claims that he has
been an ex-Senator since the Legisla
ture met yesterday. As Senator Hanna
was appointed when Secretary Sher
man went into the Cabinet, article 2,
section 2, of the statutes Is being
quoted.
In the House all sorts of bills were
introduced against corporations. The
measures were regarded as thrusts at
Senator Hanna, whose afrairs are of
varied interests. An amendment to the
Nicholas law, which taxes the earnings
of express, telegraph, telephone and
other companies was introduced so as
to Include street railways, electric light
and power equipments, artificial and
natural gas, pipe-line messengers,
sleeping-car and all other corporations.
There was also a bill introduced to
repeal the law for a new State House.
This was regarded as returning the
compliment to the Columbus people,
who have expressed their protests at
the course of Governor Bushnell.
While these measures were being
thrown in a delegation of 350 from
Springfield, the home of Governor
Bushnell, marched into the Stat9
House wearing Hanna badges and with
banners bearing severe inscriptions
and called on Governor Bushnell.
Congressman Weaver, the spokes
man of the visiting delegation from
Springfield, said: "I had the hoses *•2
present your name at the Toledo con
vention and am proud of it. Circum
stances have arisen which have chang
ed the current of affairs. Certala per
sons who claim to be Republicans are
endeavoring to thwart Mr. Hanna s
candidacy, but cannot believe that
you are one of these, that you are ufi
loyal. For you to do this would be a
political blunder, if not a political
crime. Hence we call to ask if you
have done what is charged against
you."
Following this Congressman Y\ caver s
remarks were in the nature of an ap
peal to the Governor to not permit the
Republican party to go down to defeat
by the election of any other man COT
Senator except &L A. Hanna.
Governor Bushnell was almost over
come by emotion. In response h* re
ferred to the fact that the Representa
tives and Senators from Clarke County
are strong adherents of Hanna, while
but three-fourths of the Cuyahoga
County delegation are for him. He
said he had been misunderstood and
misrepresented in the present contro
versy and charged that it was not true
that' he had attended a Democratic
conference to defeat Hanna. (Cheers.)
He said he did not know a conference
had been held. He expressed the be
lief that the members of the House
and Senate should decide the question
of a Senator and all others should re
main out of the fight.
"But this." he said, "cannot be, as it
is a free country, and as long as the
people behave they have a richt to be
there. But all people have their pref
erences and prejudices. Until to-day
my Republicanism has never been
Questioned." (Hisses and groans, min
gled with cheers, greeted this state
ment, and Governor Bushnell raised his
hand to quiet the assemblage.)
"It is by your suffrage that I am in
this high "office. Now, if you have no
respect for me, for God's sake have re
spect for the office.
"Have you taken any action for a
candidate. Governor?" inquired one of
tho delegation.
■1 have no vote in the Legislature."
he said.
Continuing:. Governor Bushnell said:
"I discharged my duty last spring
when I appointed Mr. Hanna United
States Senator. Now the members of
the Legislature must discharge theirs."
From the Governor's office the dele
gation marched to Senator Hanna's
headquarters in the Neil House, where
the members greeted the Senator. Ad
dresses were made by General (Irosve
nor. Senator Hanna, Major Dick, Judge
Nash and others. Senator Hanna spoke
at length, reviewing the action of the
Toledo convention, the work of the last
campaign, and the action of the past
few days, but expressed the fullest
confidence in the final result.
The Springfield delegation gave pa
rades during the afternoon, serenaded
the newspaper offices and even the
headquarters of Kurtz and "the com
bine" at the Great Southern Hotel this
evening and returned home before mid
night.
IS ENGLAND
BACKED BY
AMERICA?
Continued from First Page.
of the naval bill, and it is affirmed
that the Pope, while refusing to inter
vene directly in German politics,
promised to use his influence indi
rectly with the Center (Catholic) party
in the Reichstag in support of the na
val bill, havintr in view the interests
of German Catholics in China.
The cruiser Arrogant at Devonport
has been ordered to prepare for s<?a. It
is supposed that she will procaed to
Chinese waters.
According to a dispatch from Berlin
Herr Rothstein has just returned to St.
Petersburg from a sojourn in Berlin,
where he has been endeavoring- to ne
gotiate a Russo-Chinese loan, with the
Impression that the German banks are
willing to issue the loan if permitted
to allot a portion to English banking
houses.
The Coiogne Gazette's statement,
however, is accepted as official in Ber
lin.
The North German Gazette thinks
the presence of British warships at
Port Arthur may lead to complications.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— M. Frances Charmes,
who is well informed as to the views of
the French Government, has a long ar
ticle in the Journal dcs Debats, in
which he ably discusses the Eastern
situation, drawing the inference that
"France for the present will preserve
an expectant attitude in the Chinese
crisis."
TWO CHILDREN SHOT
BY A VICIOUS YOUTH.
Fired Upon and Badly Wounded Because
They Refused to Play With
the Lad.
PORTLAND, Jan. 4.— Lena Demmlng
and Etta Brock, two children of Forest
Grove, aged 10 and 7 respectively, were
shot in the face by John Volkner, a 14
year-old boy, to-day, at the home of
the Demming girl, about three miles
south of Forest Grove. Volker was in
the yard, while the girls, with four
others, were in the house standing at
a window. The boy asked the girls to
come out in the barn and play.
They refused, and he discharged a
. shotgun at the window, breaking the
glass and injuring several of the girla
The little Demming girl was severely
wounded, shot and broken glass strik
ing her on the face. One eyeball is
lacerated, and it is feared she will losa
the sight. The Brock girl's face was
cut by the broken glass. The others
received minor injuries.
The boy has been known as a terror
in the neighborhood for some time and
will probably be sent to the Reform
School.
POLLISCO' S SLAYER SAYS HE
ACTED IN SELF-DEFENSE.
James Savage Lewis Arraigned at Mad era
for a Recent Killing Near
ONeals.
MADERA, Jan. 4.— James Savage
Lewis, charared with the murder of
Frank Pollisco, was brought before
Judge Conley this morning for arraign
ment. Lewis pleaded not guilty and
his trial was set for the 15th of Feb
ruary.
Lewis is charged with having killed
Pollisco on December 20 last, in the
neighborhood of O'Neals, a mountain
section thirty miles from Madera
There were no witnesses to the alleged
crime, and defendant claims to have
acted in self-defense. Soon aft^r the
tragedy Lewis gave himself into the
custody of an officer, and when an in
vestigation was had it was found that
Pollisco had been stabbed to death.
A number of wounds was found upon
the body, and it was evident that Pol
lisco had bled a great deal, as his
clothing was soaked with blood.
Mot to Buy Danish West Indies.
LONDON, Jan. s.— The Berlin corre
spondent of the Daily Chronicle de
nies that Germany has any idea of
purchasing the Danish West Indies.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine * Tablets. All
drugirtets refund the money if it fails to cure.
26c. Xlie genuine has L. B.Q. ou eacb tablet
AIDES FOR
THE RELIEF
EXPEDITION
Three Civilians to Ac
company It to
Dawson.
Will Act as Advisers to
the Army Officers in
Charge.
Stanley W. Turner of Michigan
Named as One of the
Trio.
ALGER'S ACTIVE WORK.
Though 111 the Secretary Is Supervis
ing Arrangements for the
Journey.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 4.
Although the Secretary of War is ill
at his residence on X street and Assist
ant Secretary of War Meiklejohn is
virtually in charge of the expedition
for the relief of the Klondike miners,
Mr. Alger is devoting a good deal of at
tention to the matter. This is evident
from the decision of the War Depart
ment to appoint Stanley W. Turner of
Michigan as "civilian aide" to the ex
pedition.
There will be three of these "civilian
aides." They will act in an advisory
capacity to the regular army officers,
according to the War Department offi
cials, but just what this means is not
quite clear. Probably it means that
they will draw their salaries under the
appropriation made by Congress for
the relief of the miners. Just this much
money will, therefore, be diverted from
its charitable and useful purpose.
Mr. Turner, who is to be the "chief
civilian aide," has been the Auditor-
General of the State of Michigan. He
is engaged in the lumbering business,
and is a warm friend of Alger, who is
also a Michigan lumberman. It is un
derstood that one of the other aides
will be appointed from Chicago, and
the third from Seattle. These aides
are ordered to report to Captain
Brainerd.
ACTUAL SITUATION IN
DAWSON MISREPRESENTED
THROUGH SELFISHNESS
Men Who Seek to Profit by Taking In Supplies
Would Prevent Relief Expe
ditions.
SEATTLE, Jan. 4— Of the large
number of returning Klondikers, it is
the exceptional man who does not in
tend to return to Dawson City at the
earliest possible moment, and it is
their further intention to take great
quantities of provisions. It is the fear
that the Government or big capital
ists with every possible facility at
their command will anticipate their
commercial scheme of carrying in food
that prompts bo many to publicly pro
claim that there is no danger of
famine or any scarcity of food.
Of the nearly forty miners who re
turned from the Klondike on the
steamer Corona on Sunday night last,
a large number are very pronounced
in their views as to the shortage of
provisions that already exists. Prom
inent among these is T. G. Wilson of
Seattle, who was one of the latest to
leave Dawson. Speaking on the sub
ject he said:
"My business at Dawson was such
that I visited almost every claim on
Bonanza and El Dorado and conversed
with hundreds of the miners, and I can
safely say that seven-tenths of the
people are short of provisions. The
companies that had taken orders from
the miners calling for rrom eight to
twenty sacks of flour and other things
in proportion had to cut the orders to
one, two or three sacks of flour, and
other staples in proportion. While I
do not mean to say any person will die
of starvation, I have not the slightest
doubt that many will suffer from hun
ger. I know of hundreds myself who
have from three to five sacks of flour
and about the same proportion of other
supplies to carry them through to the
Ist of June. They are trusting to luck
to get more when these are gone.
"It takes about one sack of flour to
the month with other staples in pro
portion to keep a man. In April and
May the shortage will be felt. I am
surprised to see that because of indi
vidual and local jealousies people will
try to discourage the Government from
sending in the relief expedition. It is
nothing more than selfishness. Individ
uals want to take in provisions to sell
at high prices. I say by all means send
the expedition, even if the members
eat half of the food going in and com
ing out. The other half will be a god
send to the people in there and nine
tenths of them will be willing to pay
a reasonable price for all they can get.
"If the people in the States will but
stop and think a minute they will won
der why it is that they have ever
thought that the Government should
not send the expedition. Think of what
Captain Hansen has repeatedly said to
the miners at Dawson. He represents
the Alaska Commercial Company. I
have heard him address the miners
time and time again, using in sub
stance this language:
" 'Men, leave the country, for God's
sake leave it, or you will suffer. Go to
Fort Yukon, where there are supplies,
but under no circumstances stay
here.'
"As a result of his words many have
gone to Fort Yukon, others have come
out over the trail, but there are thou
sands yet at Dawson.
"I tell you that some time before I
left Dawson I was in Captain Han
sen's office, and I saw women come in
with tears in their eyes and ask that
they be sold ten pounds of flour. They
were refused. I don't for a minute
stand here and tell you that there is
no food in Dawson. If there were
none then there would be starvation
at the present time. But I do say that
what little food there is in the camp
is going day by day, and no man, if
he had studied economy all his life
could make it last until the river
opens next summer.
"When the statement is made that a
miner or any other person living in
Dawson can at the present time ro
into any store and buy food in large
quantities, or that he can buy suf
iicient t<> last him any length of time,
it is a willful misrepresentation of af
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUAEY 5, 1898.
fairs as they actually exist. I cannot
understand why an honest man, In
terested in the welfare of humanity,
should come to the States from the
city of the far north and say that
there is no necessity of the United
States Government sending a relief ex
pedition with all possible haste into
the interior."
A. Mac Donald, who is one of a party
of electrical engineers sent to the
Yukon by a British company to look
into the feasibility of applying elec
tricity to quartz lodes and placer
mining as well, . also returned on the
Corona. He strongly indorses the Gov
ernment's determination to send food
into the Klondike district. In speaking
of the probable suffering in conse
quence of a shortage in the food sup
ply Mr. Mac Donald said:
"I am satisfied there is likely to be
actual starvation. I understand very
little work is being done in the mines
this winter because of the scarcity of
food. The miners are coming out and
going down the river in droves. I
have heard a good deal about people
going in on the ice this winter, but I
doubt if a single one will get through
jf he takes an outfit. "Why, no one can
imagine the difficulties of the trip until
he has tried it. The ice is piled up
mountains high in places, so that dogs
can hardly get over. Dogs can haul
but a very small load, , and when it
comes to a man packing in his outfit on
a sled he cannot make more than five
miles a day. ' Of course those coming
out have not outfits — only sufficient
food to last them on the trip.
"They can make good time. But it
is far different with a man going in
with a compete outfit. I have heard it
suggested that horses could be taken
in over the ice. That is absolutely im
possible. No animals of any size can
get over those mountains of ice.
"I tell you, it requires money to get
a start in mining in any part of the
Yukon country," continued Mr. Mac-
Donald. "Those fellows who are go
ing in without anything will find that
they cannot make money there. It is
a rich country, there is no doubt about
that, but just think of the enormous
amount of work it requires to get the
wealth out of the frozen ground. Most
of these people coming out are fellows
who went in and sold their outfits. Not
one in ten of them has done mining."
•
GOSSIPY LETTER FROM
A FORTUNE-HUNTER IN
THE KLONDIKE COUNTRY.
Experiences of One of the Argonauts Who
Is Wooing Wealth With Pick
and Shovel.
SPOKANE, Jan. 4.— Attorney Alex
ander M. Winston has received a letter
from George Foster, dated November
5. and written at Dawson City. Mr.
Foster is the cabinmate of Sam Wall,
The Call correspondent. Mr. Foster is
enjoying good health and has already
made some locations, but so far has not
done any development work. Portions
of the letter are given below:
There will be a party start up the river
with dog teams in a few days and I will
■end this letter with thorn. I wrote you
some time since, which letter I presume
you have received and learned of my ar
rival. Cole, Luhn and young Burke of
Spokane will start out as soon as the
river freezes over. They have given It
up. I have been building a cabin for Abe
Spring of Seattle. He is a good fellow,
but a little too cautious.
I staked a claim on Bonanza Creek the
other day, "No. % above. 1 " A few days
after we staked there was a stampede
up there, and now the creek is staked
dear to its h< ad. The Gold Comrais
sloner was among the number, as were
two men in his office.
The strike and shortage of candles and
provisions is seriously hindering devel
opment, yet reports from the new ci • eka
are very favorable. I went over to Qu.irtz
Creek to get a claim, but there was a
stftmrt.lt- party a few hours ahead of me,
so 1 missed it there. There are lots of
men watching Deadwood Creek and will
make a rush as soon as the river freezes
■V' i . so they can go. I shall go with the
first jam and try and be first
W . E. Porter is here. I ran onto a
quartz location of his on El Dorado.
It is almost impossible to prospect for
quartz now, but will go and see if I can
get the extension of his claim. I am in
good health and spirits. Candles an
worth $1 apiece. Grub is very scarce.
Flour has changed hands at $l*a pound.
Senutor Range of Seattle cam*- in with
out grub and had to go on to Fort Yu
kon, the mecca of the hungry, disap
pointed and heartsick, to which hun
dreds have gone. I guess Senator Range
thought tho Legislature was in session
here, but that is most too pathetic a
thing to discuss with levity.
Thrre are over 100 men on the Ice walk-
Ing out. The river is not all frozen over
the route that they came in over. Their
thoughts then were bright with dreams
of untold wealth, where now they are
tilled with fear of the two most relentless"
foes of man— cold and starvation.
Equipped as they are it is almost sure
defctb, but they flee only because they
f-'<l that sure death by starvation awaits
them If they remain. It would be heroic
on their part if they realized the diffi
culties that lie before them.
So long as the weather is mild they are
all right, but the cold, the drifting "snow
and their poorly provided condition will
make them easy victims. You will see
m.-.ny pictures of the '"pathetic" in the
papers, but few will be overdrawn of
those suffering from hunger. They will
be true to the letter.
Ten days later, on November 15. Mr.
Foster completed his letter. It reads:
November 15 — The river is frozen over
and the dog train is to Btart on the 17th.
It is 17 degrees below zero to-day, but it
is not very cold. I went to Deadwood
Creek. Two men who were with me
froze — one his hands, the other his foot.
I turned back to help them in and lost
the opportunity to stake a claim on ac
count of the accident.
This would be a nice place for you to
come on a trip next summer. The pas
sage around by St. Michael is simply de
lightful. I think Norman could make
money here next spring. If he comes
have him come early and get to the lakes
on a sled. Bring at least 1000 pounds of
flour, bacon and beans. Too many make
the mistake of bringing little thlnpp
You can get clothes, pepper and salt
here. Oatmeal is a good thing to bring
Oscar Stevenson- is going out the 25th.
The snow is about a foot deep. The days
are getting short and the northern lights
are getting very bright. There is not so
much talk of the shortage of provisions
as formerly.
I had a talk with Porter. He Is not
going out this year. He hopes to find
the mother lode next summer, and is go
ing over on Stewart River.
The Commissioner's office is crowded
with men, who stand in line for days on
to record claims and transact other busi
ness. Everybody is sore at the Govern
ment on account of the laws, more
especially as to cutting claims to 100 feet
and reserving every other claim to the
Queen and the royalty. They are pro
testing and may get the laws modified.
It was 27 degrees below zero this morn
ing, but it is not very cold.
HlhVfir" — m .
"NIGGER JIM" MARRIES A
WOMAN CORRESPONDENT
ON THE KLONDIKE.
Social Event in the Far Northern City, at
Which Champagne Flows
Freely.
TACOMA, Jan. 4.— "Nigger Jim," a
Southerner, who went to the Klondike
last year, is the most famous man in
Dawson just now. In November he
acquired prominence by placing a re
volver at Bartender Lord's head and
demanding to know what had become
of the $22,000 in dust and nuggets that
had disappeared from Keery's saloon
where Lord worked. Lord confessed,
and "Nigger" recovered his $8000,
which the missing sack contained
along with other deposits.
Men just returned to Juneau say that
"Nigger" Jim celebrated the event by
marrying a- female correspondent for
an Eastern paper, who arrived In
Dawson in September. They cannot re
member her name, but at Juneau she
is described as both pretty and sensi
ble. She attracted attention while at
Juneau last summer by the unique fur
coat which she wore. All Dawson
turned out at the wedding and cham
pagne flowed freely.
"Nigger" Jim's wealth is supposed to
have been an additional attraction to
the young lady. He is rated a million
aire, and, with Alexander McDonald,
recently sold several claims to the
Cudahy Company for large sums in
cash.
ARMOR NEEDED FOR
THREE BATTLE-SHIPS.
The Navy Department Will Urgently Present
to Congress the Absolute Necessity
for Some Provision.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— A Washington
special to the Herald says :^ It is pro
posed by the Navy Department to
urgently present to Congress shortly
after that body convenes that it ;s ab
solutely necessary that some provision
should be made immediately for armor
for the battle-ships Illinois, Alabama
and Wisconsin. It is pointed out that
the hulls of ships are liable to deteri
orate if unprotected, and the depart
ment officials hope that Just as soon as
possible Congress will make provision
for at least armor for throe ships.
The gunboat Marietta will not be able
to leave Mare Island for Salvador be
fore January 15. Commander F. If.
Symonds, commanding the Marietta,
informed the department, upon receipt
of his orders to proceed to Salvador,
that some repairs would have to be
made to the gunboat, which would pre
vent her departure before the time in
dicated. Repairs are being made to
portions of the vessel damaged during
a cyclone which the vessel passed
through on her way to San Francisco
from Alaska.
DAMAGE DONE BY
FLORIDA'S COLD WEATHER.
Fall Crop of Tobacco Badly Injured and
Various Fruits and Vegetables
Nipped in Blossom.
JACKSONVILLE, Fla., Jan. 4.— The
cold weather of January 1 and 2 did
considerable damage to vegetables, but
none of a permanent character. Orange
trees will, in some instances, lose their
foliage, and in exposed places in the
northern border of the orange belt the
trees will lose a part of their tender
growth. Owing to the fact, however,
that the sap was down, the trees them
selves were able to resist unscathed
even lower temperature.
Reports from the pineapple belt of
the east coast indicate that the damage
to pineapples was trifling. The fall
crop of tobacco in all parts of the State
was injured badly. Blooms on straw
berries were killed. Early strawberries
in the northern section were frozen on
the vines and the plants themselves
set back fully six weeks. The %enderest
garden crops in all sections as far
south as Tampa, when lacking protec
tion by forests, swamps or lakes, were
badly injured.
... , » .
IN PLAY DEALS DEATH
WITH A LOADED PISTOL.
San Jose Children Play With a Firearm, and
One Is Shot Through the
Brain.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 4. — An inquest was
held this morning over the body of lit
tle Rebecca Jane Smith, the five-year
old daughter of George F. Smith, who
was shot by her brother Jesse, aged
10 years, last evening. The tragedy
was an exceedingly sad nne. The chil
dren were playing in the attic of their
home on Bascom avenue, near Santa
Oiarp. They had a toy pistol and
were snapplug It at each other.
They soon tired of this, and after
rummaging around found a 22-caliber
revolver that had been brought to the
house by Frnnk Smith, a 14-year-old
brother, who had picked It up at a
drier. He put the revolver under his
pillow, whore the children found it.
Jesse snnppt-d it at his sister. It went
off, the bullet entering the girl's brain
through the left eye. Death was al
most instantaneuos.
The Coroner's jury returned a ver
dict of accidental death.
RICH GOLD STRIKES
MADE IN LABRADOR.
Representatives of a Canadian and Ameri-
can Company Report the Discovery
of Great Deposits.
HALIFAX, N. S.. Jan. 4.—Represen
tatives of a Canadian and American
company who visited Labrador for the
purpose of erecting sawmills report
that country contains deposits of gold
of great richness and is destined to be
come a groat mining country. There
exists strong evidence that gold is to
be obtained in quantities equalled only
by the deposits of the Klondike. In
fart it is asserted that the deposits in
Labrador are on the same range as
those on the Klondike. Preliminary
arrangements for a gold seeking expe
dition, which is to start by vessel in
the spring, have already been made.
YOUNG LEITER SELLS
A LOT OF WHEAT.
Nobody Knows the Price, but It Is Believed
to Be Satisfactory to the Gentle
man Himself.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— Joseph Letter is
said to have oloapd contracts for the
greater part if not all of his 8,500,000 bush
els of cash wheat. Negotiations have
been under way for several days and are
about closed. The buyers are L. Dreyfus
& Co, of New York, the French export
ers, and Oil & Fisher of Baltimore. Drey
fus' man la here looking over the wheat
and pamplos have been forwarded to the
New York headquarters. Nothing is
known about the terms, but they are be
lieved to he satisfactory to Leiter. Gil &
Fisher, the Baltimore exporters, are
among the largest cash grain handlers
in the world and stand at the head as a
corn house.
PROFESSOR SCHENECK'S
LATEST DISCOVERY.
Secret of Exercising an influence Over
Animals and Men so as to Fix the
Sex of Their Offspring.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— According to the
Vienna correspondent of the Daily
Chronicle, Dr. Scher.eck, professor at the
University of Vienna and president of
the Embryological Institute, claims that
after twenty years of experiments he has
discovered the secret of exercising an in
fluence- over animals and men so as to
fix the sex of their offspring.
Dr. Soheneck declines to reveal it un
tii he has placed his discovery before the
Academy of Sciences, but he says the
influence depends upon the nature of the
food consumed by the female.
Bismarck Thanks His Friends.
BERLIN. Jan. A'— Prince Bismarck,
through the Hamburger Nachrichten,
publishes his hearty thanks for the
numerous congratulations he has re
ceived from friends at home and
abroad, and tendered to all such his
good wishes for the New Year.
The Hamburger correspondent pub
lishes a story as to the discourteous
reception of Its representative, who
v.ent Saturday evening to inquire as to
the truth of the rumor that Prince Bis
marck was dead by Count yon Rant
zau, who, according to the paper, in
sultingly told the caller to "Clear out,"
refusing him any information.
RIVIERRE SAYS
HE WAS FOULED
Echo of the Six-Day Bi
cycle Race at Madison-
Square Garden.
French Wheelman Declares
That He Was Beaten
Through Trickery.
Accuses King' of Having Deliberately
Knocked Him From His
Machine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— Gaston Rivierre, the
French rider, who was one of the con
testants in the recent six-day bicycle
race at Madison-square Garden, New
York, and who fell from his wheel on
the last day of the race, severely injur
, ing himself, resulting in his being
taken out of the competition, has writ
ten to a cycling paper saying in sub
stance that the American competitors
at Madison-square Garden had re
j course to every foul trick in order to
; prevent the Frenchmen, particularly
himself, from finishing the race. He
affirms that all the rules were violated
with impunity by the Americans.
During the first four days, Rivierre
continues, the Americans made every
effort to block the track, and on the
fifth day, seeing that Rivierre had sue- i
ceeded in reaching second place, every \
means was employed to knock him ;
down. Finally, the Frenchman asserts,
Kinz deliberately succeeded.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Messrs. Pow
! era and Bacheidor, two of the mana
j gers of the recent six-days bicycle race,
i as well as several bicycle experts who
j watched tha race closely throughout, j
when seen to-day by a representative '
j of the Associated Press, declared that
! Rivierre's statements accusing the
| American competitors of adopting foul
| tactics during the contest were un
! founded. Mr. Bacheidor said:
"Itivierre complained verbally to the ,
managers on the afternoon that he fell.
! The management investigated and
found that at the time of the French- !
'■ man's fall none of the riders was
within twenty feet of him. His claim 1
at that time was that Kinz elbowed j
him. This may have been the case, but ;
, If so it was due to awkwardness on j
the part of Kinz. who was a novice in
Indoor racing. Stephanie, the other
Frenchman who was among the con- '
testants, had no complaint to make and
the injury to his knee, which caused
him to retire, was purely accidental."
PHIL DWYER BACKING McCOY.
Money for the Fit/simmons Match Ad-
vanced by the Turfman.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— When "Kid"
McCoy challenged Bob Fitzsimmons to
fight him to a finish for the middle
weight championship of the world and
a side bet of $5000 everybody asked
where "Kid" obtained his backing. It
has been learned since, however, that
the man whom the "Kid" has for his
financial sponsor is P. J. Dwyer, the
well-known Brooklyn turfman. It will
be remembered that Dwyer was one of
the men who backed Corbett against
Sullivan. Dwyer's confidence in the
American middle-weight's fistic pmvers
dates from the "Kid's" successful fight
against Creedon.
McCoy refrained from giving the
name of his backer at the time he
issued his challenge, because he thought
Fit* would regard his deft as a "bluff"
and call it. In that event McCoy would
have posted the money and announced
the name of his backer. But Fitz did
not accept, and now the secret is com
mon property.
INDIANAPOLIS CHOSEN.
Gets the Annual Meeting of the League of
American Wheelmen.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— The executive
committee of the League of American
\Vh< tlmen decided to-day to accept the
invitation of the Indiana State division
and various clubs in that State to hold
the annual meet at Indianapolis. August
was fixed on as the month of the annual
nie.t. It being left to the State division
to fix the exact date.
The executive committee adopted a
resolution, which will be forwarded to
Secretary Abbott Bassett at Boston, to
the effect that the sale of supplies of
various kinds fro mthe office of the sec
retary to the several State divisions,
while necessary in the conduct of di
vision work, should be carried on at cost
and without pecuniary profit to the na
tional body or the league.
Receipts From One Football Game.
NEW HAVEN. Conn., Jan. 4.— lt was
stated to-day on high authority that
Manager Twitchell of the Yale football
association had his report of the Yale-
Princeton game almost completed, and it
will show the receipts from the game
were not far from $23,000.
SOME PENSIONERS IN
A PENITENT MOOD.
Send Letters to Commissioner Evans Re
questing the Cancellation of
Their Ptnsions.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.-Since the agi
tation concerning the publication of the
list of pensioners has commenced. Com-
missioner Evans has received several let
ters from pensioners requesting a can
cellation of their pensions. One pensioner
in Michigan inclosed his certificate and
stated his desire to have the same re
called, as he was not entitled to the Gov
ernment's bounty. He added he would
( lult-avor to return all the money drawn
since 1895, when the pension was granted.
Probabie Work of a Firebug.
STOCKTON. Jan. 4.— lt is now be
lieved that the warehouse fire last
night was of incendiary origin. Night
Watchman Kenyon was not In the
building at the time the fire broke out,
but was chatting with the Crown
Mills night watchman. The result of
his neglect of duty was that the fire
had gained uncontrollable headway.
The Crown Mills watchman says he
saw a man coming out of the de
stroyed warehouse shortly before the
fire. The loss will foot up $500,000.
From the South Pole.
Copyright. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, Jan. 4.— Advices just
received here from Punta Arena state
that a carrier pigeon from the Gerlach
Antarctic expedition on the Belgia has
arrived there with advices that the Bel
gia coaled at T'shuaia and is now on her
way south again.
Heavy Shipment of Bullion.
JACKSON. Jan, 4— The heaviest ship
ment of bullion from Jackson was made
to-day. The Zeila, Kennedy and Argo
naut mines shipped $70,000. .. The first
m PE£J*' 8JI?8 JI? ot the Argonaut yielded over
$50,000. This mine mucl« three shipments
for the month." .».■■;
Placer County Pioneer Gone.
AVBI'RN, Jan. 4.— George Geisenderfer,
a pioneer of the fifties and a large con
tributor tr> Placer County's early history
died at "Weimar yesterday. He was 70
years old and a lumberman by occupa-
NICARAGUA IS
VERY FRIENDLY
Favors the Canal Project
of the Maritime
Company.
Its Construction Would Cause
the Transformation of Cen
tral America.
And Also Lead to Southern Republics
Being Brought Under Uncle
Sam's Flag.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANAGUA, Nicaragua, Jan. 4. —
President Zelaya, in his message to the
Nicaraguan Congress, declares that the
contract of the Atlas Steamship Com
pany, limited, with the Nicaraguan
Government does not interfere with the
contract between the Government and
the Maritime Canal Company of New
York.
Dr. Games, the President of the Con
gress, in the course of his reply to the
Presidential message, said the canal,
when constructed, would transform
Central America and lead to its being
brought under the United States flag.
This sentiment is cordially approved
by President Zelaya and the members
of the Cabinet.
Diplomatic negotiations have been in
progress informally for some time be
tween the United States and Nicar
agua with respect to the apparent con
ilict between the concession recently
made by the Nicaraguan Government
to the Atlas Steamship Company and
that made previously to the Maritime
Canal Company of New York.
By the terms of the contract between
the Nicaraguan Government and the
Atlas Steamship Company the latter,
it is understood, receives the exclusive
right to steam navigation for thirty
years on the Silico lagoon, Lake Nic
aragua and the River San Juan del
Norte, with the exclusive right also for
the same of constructing tramways and
railroads along the line and at the best
places to avoid the obstacles in the
River San Juan.
The company agrees to make at least
three trips a month with its steamers
between Grenada and San Juan del
Norte, both ways and at least once a
month to touch at every inhabited port
on the lake. The Atlas Steamship Com
pany, limited, is an English corpora
tion.
ALL CIVILIANS
WERE SEASICK
Voyage of the Nicaragua Canal
Commission on the
Newport.
By This Time Surveyors and En
gineering Parties Have Com
menced Work,
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The Herald
will to-morrow publish the following
letter from Greytown, Nicaragua, un
der date of December 21:
'•The Nicaragua Canal Commission,
Walker, U. S. N., president; Colonel
Peter C. Hams, corps of engineers, IT.
S. A., and Professor M. Haupt, engi
neer, is now as comfortably located in
this place as the facilities of the town
will allow. The trip from New York
to Greytown on the Newport occupied
exactly twelve days. After the first day
out more thah one-half of the civilians
on board became ill, and before the end
of the voyage more than one-half of
the remainder succumbed, the disagree
able sensations of seasickness reaching
as far aft as the cabin. The Newport
arrived at Greytown on Friday noon,
December 12, but it was not until late
the next day that the whole party
reached town, a few men only being
able to go ashore on the day of arrival.
There is no wharf at which ships can
land, they being compelled to ride at
anchor three or four miles out from the
bar, while taking on or discharging
passengers or freight. A surf boat re
ceives passengers going ashore, while
in a lighter or two is placed freight
destined for Greytown and all interior
points. The Newport's passengers were
landed without danger the day after
their appearance off the bar. The
commission and staff were taken off by
the Government steamer San Jacinto,
and the engineers, surveyors, hydro
graphers, drill men, etc., left on the
regular surf boat some time later in
the day.
They were taken to La Fi and quar
tered in old buildings belonging to the
Maritime Canal Company, two miles
away from the town. About 150 labor
ers from Coßta Rica and Bluefields are
quartered at Camp Cheney, across the
lagoon. They will be sent away with
the engineering parties that are now
almost ready to take the field. In
about a week or ten days only the
Commissioners and staff will be in
Greytown.
E. P. Alexander, the engineer arbi
trator, appointed by President Cleve
land of the United States to settle the
boundary differences between Costa
Rica and Nicaragua, has made an
"award No. 2" in favor of Costa Rica.
BAKERSFIELD VOTES IN
FAVOR OF INCORPORATION
Decides by an Overwhelming Majority to
Become a City of the Fifth
Class.
BAKERSFIELD, Jan. 4.— By a vote
of 3 to 1 Bakersfield to-day decided to
incorporate, and by next Monday the
town will be a regularly installed city
of the fifth class. This was the third
attempt at incorporation. A full quota
of officers was elected to-day, and on
NEW TO-DAY.
Rheumatism
Is permanently cured
By Hood's Sarsaparilla
Which neutralizes the
Lactic acid in the blood.
Thousands who were
Sufferers write that they
Have felt no symptoms
Of Rheumatism since
Taking Hood's Sarsapariila
Monday the Supervisors will declare
the result and these officers will be
sworn in and at once assume their du
ties.
There is great exultation throughout
the town to-night over the victory for
ihe measure. There was not the slight
est disturbance during the day, the
election passing off quietly.
FINDS EIGHT VEINS OF
FREE-MILLING QUARTZ.
Prospector Claims to Have Discovered an
El Dorado in the Omineca Dis
trict.
VICTORIA, Jan. 4.— Colonel Weath
erly, a South African mining man, who
has been prospecting for quartz in the
Omineca, this season, claims to have
discovered between that district and
the Rocky Mountains the greatest free
milling quartz deposits in the world.
They are, he says, eight quartz veins
as regularly placed as books on a shelf,
each lying between slate on the one
side and sandstone on the other. These
veins are exposed to view for about
1300 feet, cropping out of a hillside. He
says the quartz is lowgrade, but that
the discovery is one of immense value.
These reefs are located about fifty
miles east of the Parnsip River.
Colonel "Weatherly thinks he has dis
covered the mother lode from which the
gravels of the Omineca streams obtaiu
their wonderful wealth in gold.
TO MAKE A SEPARATE
STATE OF MANHATTAN.
Assemblyman Trainor's Proposition to Split
New York in Twain Seriously
Considered.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Assemblyman
Trainor's proposition to make a sepa
rate State of Manhattan, including
New York City, will be revived again
this winter. It is proposed now to take
in a string of counties reaching up a3
far as Schohari.
New York City Democratic legislators
discuss the subject in a most guarded
manner. They admit that the idea of
forming a new State prevails among
them. Republicans profess to regard
the idea as a rare bit of Tammany
Hall humor, but the measure will be
first introduced to-morrow at Albany.
Mr. Trainor says independent Republi
cans from New York City are favorable
to his measure, and he feels certain ha
can get it through the Assembly.
ONE MORE CASE AGAINST
CARMAN IS DISMISSED.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.— D. M. Carman of
San Francisco was discharged to-day on
another case of obtaining money by false
pretenses, on which he was brought be
fore Justice Everett yesterday. Merrick
A. Mihills of Highland Park swore out
warrants for Carman last Thursday. He
said that Carman obtained $600 from him
in exchange for lands in California,
which he says he afterward discovered
Carman had no authority to sell. The
prosecution requested a continuance, but
could advance no good grounds, and the
case was dismissed.
NEW TO-DAY.
KLONDIKE
ALL READY NOW. CALL AND SEE
ALL KINDS FOOD, READY
COOKED.
"We sell nothing blind. All our desic- 4
cated vegetables, meats, soups, etc., '
are cooked on trial just as they will
have to be by those who buy from us.
At first counter, on our main floor, a
young lady prepares all kinds of Alas-
ka food stuffs and will be pleased to
explain to any one, whether they buy
or not, just how each should be
cooked, the number of dishes each
| ration will supply, and the price.
We Have Everything Complete for
ALASKA!
Dog Harness. _ a.
Man Saddles. 1v
Sleighs, plain or folding.
Combination Toboggan and Sled.
Patent Folding Houses.
Folding Stoves.
Folding Rockers, correct design. • •
Asbestos Lined Stoves. ' : A
■ Imported Soup Tablets.
Imported Vegetable Army Rations.
Imported Beef Capsules. . .
Saccharine Tablets.
Malted Milk and Wheat Tablet*. -)
Evaporated Potatoes, raw.
Desiccated Potatoes, cooked. s
Potato Flour, or granulated. ■- d
Evaporated Onions. «^.-: r ;'•■ •*
Packing Bags, canvas. '• : _ - A
Oil Bags, black or yellow.
Sleeping Bags, fur, canvas, sheep oB
buffalo.
Buffalo Cloth Overcoats.
Reindeer Fur Clothing.
Heavy Underwear.
Heavy Blankets.
Tents, felt lined.
Cooking Apparatus.
Mining Tools.
Alaska Price List, 2d Edition,
READY IN A FEW DAYS, \
SMITHS
CASH STO
25-27 Martet oil ecu oali : ilalluloLU,
THE SAN FRANCISCO
NEWS COMPANY moved
From Post Street to
342-350 Geary Street,
Above Powell.
Books, Stationery and Periodicals,
Wholesale and Retail.
ITISWELLTOKNQW
FROM US ... ©I\2 per ct.
CALIFORNIA TITLE
INSURANCE AND TRUST CO.,
MILLS BUILDINQ, V
CHAS.. PAGKi President.
, HOWARD E. WRIGHT,
'...-.: Secretary and Manager.
"D"DTTCIJI?C! FOR BARBERS. BAK>
DnUufUjU ers. bootblacks, bath- .
: -■ ■'■■•- "My ■-:-- ,- houses, billiard-tables. >
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, "canners '*7
dyers, - flounnills, loundrles, laundries, ; paper-
hangers, . printers, paintei-», shoe factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailora.'. etc :
n "."■.■-• BUCHANAN BROS., -
i Brush Manufacturcrs,6oB SacramcntoSt.PRISONERS
TAKEN FROM
AN OFFICER
Masked Men Relieve
Blame's Marshal
of Captives.
Hustle Two Thieves Over
the British Columbia
Boundary.
Resolved Not to Await the
Usual Slow Process or
Extradition.
FEARED A JAILBREAK.
Th» Culprits Hurried, to a Canadian
Jail, Where They Will B» Held
for Trial.
Special Dicpatoh t« The Call.
TACOMA, Jan. 4.— Blame, on the
boundary line between Washington
and British Columbia, has a sensation.
Masked men on Sunday night held up
the City Marshal and compelled him
to surrender two important prisoners.
Btrange to Bay, the prisoners were not
liberated, but were hustled across the
line to British Columbia, where they
are now in custody. The whole affair
is shrouded in deep mystery, but the
explanation seems to be that the
maaked men were citizens of Blame,
■who are determined that thieving in
that section must be stopped and who
were unwilling to await the slow
process of extradition, for fear the
prisoners would escape or would be lib
erated on habeas corpus proceedings.
The two prisoners are supposed to
be implicated in the burglary of Trap's
hardware store at New Westminster
last week, when several hundred dol
lars' worth of property was taken.
They were being held at Blame, where
they were arrested on Friday evening,
awaiting the arrival of British Colum
bia officers. The latter were either
to act in requesting extradition
papers or were depending entirely on
the ruse that succeeded so well.
At about 7 o'clock Sunday evening
City Marshal Ratcliff, as was his cus
tom, took the prisoners from the jail
to a near-by restaurant for supper. On
returning, before reaching the jail, a
dozen masked men suddenly sprang
from behind a vacant building, cover
ing the Marshal and his deputy with
revolvers, commanding them to hold
up their hands. The officers recog
nized at a glance that reslstancee
would be folly and quickly complied
with the request. One of the masked
men blew a whistle. A conveyance
drove up, Into which the prisoners
were loaded, and were then driven
across the international boundary line,
where British officers were con
veniently waiting to make the arrest.
The officers feel sore over the man
ner in which they were relieved of
their charges, and, while they have no
proof, they are satisfied that the hold
up was the act of the citizens' com
mittee, which in the past has made
Klaine too warm for men with no visi
ble means of support.
The officers recall the fact that not
long ago the city jail was broken into
and two petty thieves taken out,
stripped of their clothing and whipped
with blacksnakes until their bodies
looked like raw beef. In this instance
there is very little doubt as to the
guilt of the prisoners. A person who
perchased some of the stolen property
identified them.
The occurrence has created great in
tefept on Puget Sound and reminds
old-timers of the method formerly em
ployed in arresting smugglers who had
crossed the straits to Victoria. Smug
gling not being an extraditable offense
the only remedy possible was to get an
intended prisoner intoxicated at Vic
toria and bundle them aboard a boat
for Port Townsend, where he was
locked up. In this instance the British
Columbia officers had willing allies in
the citizens of Blame.
SUFFOCATED IN
A BURNING MINE
Two Men in the Anaconda
Meet Their Death While
Retreating.
The Fire Said to Have Been Smol
dering for a Great Many
Years.
6peclal Dispatch to The Call.
BUTTE, Mont., Jan. 4.— Fire on th<
700 level of the Never Sweat mine ol
the Anaconda Company to-day resulted
in the death by suffocation of Michael
C. Flaherty and John F. Sullivan, pi
men in the Anaconda proper, and th»
narrow escape of three others em
ployed in the Never Sweat. The stor
ies told of the occurrence are somewh.it
conflicting, due in part to the fact thai
two of the men who were fortunat.
enough to escape were overcome by the
smoke and have no distinct reeollectio:
of what took place, while the oth-i
man whose life was s.-iv«-d was not ne..i
enough to the Bcene when the victims
were overcome to know much about it.
A <fording to reports of the origin ol
the lire, it was the outcome of some fire
that raged in the St. Lawrence mine
many years ago, and it is said to hav>
been smoldering ever since. This, how
ever, the officers of the company stren
uously deny. They claim that the fir.
was started by some one careless! \
leaving a candle sticking in the tim
bers where the fire broke out.
Flaherty and Sullivan are supposed
to have smelt the smoke and gas whilt
In the Anaconda workings, which con
nect with those of the Never Sw.;:t
and gone to investigate the cause. Th.->
were evidently driven back and wen
overcome while trying to escape. Fla
herty fell 250 feel from the scene of tli
fire and Sullivan 400 feet from it. T\v.
other nien who were working in ;
crosscut on the same level were ovei
come, but were rescued in time aftei
the alarm was given by Shift Bos:
John D. Sullivan.
SWINDLER
BULL GAUGHT
AT SPOKANE
Partner of Evans and
Fagen-Bush in
Custody.
Assisted in Defrauding
Many People in Bogus
Mining Deals.
Worthless Stock Sold to Gulli
ble Investors in Cities of
the East.
TRIO NOW IN PRISON.
Charged by the Federal Government
With Use of the Mails for Un
lawful Purposes.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
SPOKANE, Jan. 4.— At the instance
of Postofficer Inspector C. L.Weyland
Johnny Bull was arrested here to-day,
charged with being implicated in what
has been pronounced the greatest pos
tal swindle of the last ten years. He
is accused of being the partner 6f B.
C. W. Evans and "Baron" C. Fagen-
Bush, now in custody at Butte and
Denver, respectively, in their opera
tions, the story of which created such
a sensation when they were arrested
on September 18.
The story told by the authorities is
that the three, with the connivance of
a woman sometimes calling herself
Ella L. Fagen-Bush and at other
times Mrs. Adams, worked the people
of Illinois and other Middle Western
States for thousands of dollars, tak
ing $108,000 out of Chicago alone. Ev
ans was stationed at Butte and the
others traveled. For a time Fagen-
Bush maintained extensive offices in
the Masonic Temple building in Chi
cago, where he was arrested for other
big swindles, in which it is thought
Bull was also implicated.
The crime for which the three men
are now held is using the mails to
transact bogus mining deals. Letters
would be sent by Evans from Butte
to names furnished him by Fagan-
Bush in towns in the Middle West,
asking the addressee to invest in the
stock of a mining company.
The latter would say that the stock
was selling for 76 cents a share, and
the company stood ready to pay that
much for all offered. The day after
the letter was received Bull would ap
pear in the town as a traveling man,
get acquainted with the man to whom
the letter was sent and eventually
confide in him that he had several
thousand shares of the stock named in
the letter. Bull would profess to be
ignorant of the real value, and, as he
represented himself to be short, would
offer to sell several thousand shares
for 25 cents. The cupidity of the vic
tim would be aroused and he would
buy at once.
The scheme worked successfully for
several weeks, with large returns.
Finally Bull took from John Wood of
Joliet, 111., $750 for 3000 shares. Wood
wired to the First National Bank of
Butte to collect the $2250 he expected
to get, the bank having been, with
Bradstreet's and Dun, among the ref
erences given by Evans in his letter.
The bank went to Evans and he de
nied all knowledge of any promise
made to Wood in the letter. He said
the letter must have been sent with
out authority.
The Postoffice Department took hold
of the case. Evans was arrested in
Butte, and after a long pursuit Fagen-
Bush was caught in Denver on Sep
tember 18. Bull had disappeared.
Many other swindles then came to
light.
One night last November Bull, who
had been in Spoknae for some weeks,
had a row in the Coeur d'Alene Theater
with the manager, Fisky Barnett, with
whom he had quarreled ten years ago
in Montana. Bull was thrown out. At
4 o'clock that morning, as Barnett was
leaving the theater with his wife, Bull
fired upon him. Mrs. Barnett threw
herself in the way, and the bullet
grazed her neck. Barnett thrust her
aside and drew his revolver. Bull shot
again, wounding Barnett in the hand.
I'.arnett shot twice, wounding Bull in
the shoulder and in the arm. Bull was
removed to the hospital and his right
hand amputated. He is 64 years old,
but he quickly recovered. He was re
leased on bonds and efforts are now
being made to dismiss the criminal
r harpe of assault with intent to commit
murder. It is said he killed a man in
Butte several years ago.
The publicity given the Barnett af
fair disclosed Boll's whereabouts to
the Postal Department. The arrest
followed. The hearing was continued
to-day by the Federal Commissioner
before whom Bull was examined. As
;ho man is technically in the hands of
the State authorities the Federal Gov
rnment cannot take him. He will be
kept under surveillance.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Officers Assigned to the Mohican for the Cruise
Around the World.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 4.— The Mohi
an, in her cruise around the world, is
commanded by G. M. Brock, who
is to-day detached from the Mare
[sland Navy Yard for that purpose.
The following named officers are also
issigned to the Mohican: Lieutenant J.
I >. McDonald, Lieutenants H. M. Dom
baugh, ML L. Wood and T. Porter, and
Ensigns H. Laning, G. E. Gelm and C.
J I>ans, now on the Independence.
By direction of the Acting Secretary
>f War, First Lieutenant Edwin B.
Babbitt, Ordnance Department, will
nake four visits to Fort Winfield Scott
iml Fort Baker, «'al., on official busi
ness pertaining to the repair of dis
appearing gun carriages.
Pensions have been granted as fol
ows: California— Original — Michael
°vvan, Veterans' Home, Napa, $6: John
■Vhite, Veterans' Home, Napa, $10; spe
ial, December 24, Alfred J. Hughes,
San Miguel, $fi; original widows, etc.,
Agnes Haas, Stockton, 58.
Washington— Restoration and addi
•ional — Russell Cotton (deceased),
'nvamish, $6 to $S; original widows,
■tc, Esther A. Cotton, Dwamish, $6.
These transfers have been made in
the Fourth cavalry: Captain Joseph
il. Dorst, from Troop m to Troop D;
■aptain Wilber E. Wilder, from Troop
i) to Troop ML
James C. AyerS Widow Dead.
SEW YORK, Jan. 4.— Josephine
Ifellin Southwick Ayer, widow of
lames C. Ayer, died suddenly at her
iome near the Hotel dcs Invalides in
Paris Monday last, aged 71.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUARY 5, 1898.
TORTURE AN OLD
MAN WITH FIRE
Horrible Act of Barbarism Com=
mitted by a Party of Drunken
Youths Near San Luis
Obispo.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, Jan. 4.— This community is horrified over an
act of barbarism which occurred at Pismo, a seaside town eight miles
from this city. August Neilson, an old clam and fish peddler, was
found in the sand dunes divested of all clothing and with his body
shockingly, burned. Neilson was made the butt" of a so-called joke
by a party of young bloods, who stripped him of all his clothing and
then scorched his body with burning paper, "just to see him jump,"
as they told it.
Neilson could not escape and the young men, being considerably
under the influence of liquor, did not realize just what they >vere doing
until the victim sank down unconscious, in which condition he was
found and brought to the county hospital. With careful treatment he
may recover.
Warrants have been issued for the arrest of the guilty persons, all
of whom have disappeared. Michael Price, a son of ex-Supervisor J.
M. Price, one of the most highly respected citizens of the county, is
accused of being the ringleader.
SHOT TO DEATH
BY AN OFFICER
Unknowm Man Killed
While Resisting Ar
rest at Martinez.
Was One of a Party of Tramps
Suspected of a Street
Hold-Up.
Comrades of the Dead Man Claim
That the Killing Wat Not
Justified.
Special DlSDatch to The Call.
MARTINEZ. Jan. 4.— The body of an
unknown man is lying in the morgue
here awaiting identification. He was
shot and killed at Port Costa on Sun
day evening at about 10 o'clock by Offi
cer James Scott, while resisting arivst.
William Thomas, chief officer of the
coal ship Pengren.and Richard Hughes,
steward of the vessel, which is lying at
Port Costa, came from San Francisco
and arrived at Port Costa at 9:30
o'clock Sunday night. Soon after
alighting from the train they were as
saulted by tramps and Thomas was se
verely injured about the head.
Constable Scott and Deputy Sheriff
Moiles were notified and started to
look up the assaulters. Scott went to
a box car and found six men. He
ordered them to come out. One of
them, so Scott says, drew a pistol and
pointed it at him. Scott then fired
three shots into the car. Moiles, who
was near by, came to Scott's assist
ance and five of the six men were
taken into custody. The sixth was
found lying in the car with a bullet
wound in his head, and under him was
an unloaded pistol: He was taken
charge of and died during the night.
One of the men arrested began to
weep and asked that the handcuffs be
taken off him so that he could help
his dying brother. His request was
complied with, and, an opportunity
offering, he made his escape. The
other four are in jail. They claim that
the act of Officer Scott was cold
blooded murder. This was the second
man Scott has killed within two years.
Officers Fitzpatrick and Donlanecame
over from Suisun yesterday and iden
tified the dead man and those in jail
as tramps discharged from the county
jail at Falrneld on Saturday. Coroner
Curry is anxious to learn who the dead
man was, and has given out the follow
ing description: He is known as
James Pitts, alias "Pittsburg Jimmy";
height about 5 feet 10 inches; weight
about 160 pounds; very dark complex
ion, black hair, heavy eyebrows, high
cheek bones and large ears. In India
ink fn his right forearm is a picture of
a woman and two children, the woman
holding a bouquet of flowers. On the
left forearm are three flags and an
American shield. Below the flags and
shield, enclosed in a chain, are tht?
letters "J. F." or "J. E." Below the
letters there is a star. The fellow was
apparently about 25 or 30 years of age.
INTERESTS ALL WHO
RIDE ON STREETCARS.
Leszynsky Fails to Get Damages Because
of an Arrest for Refusing to Pay
a Second Fare.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— A suit, in
which the question whether or not the
Broadway cable road has a right to
demand a sceond fare from a passen
ger who simply changed from a
•'stalled" car to a car further ahead
is involved, was on trial to-day be
fore Judge Lacnmbe and a jury in the
United States Circuit Court. It was
the result of the arrest of Eugene L.
Loszynsky. a well-known commercial
man of San Fr.anciscoo. He b<rarded a
cable car at Spring street, and, after
paying his fare, discovered that there
was a blockade. He told the conduc
tor that he was going to walk up to
Houston street and take a car uptown
from that point. He did s<f, but the
conductor on the second car demanded
a second fare. The passenger refused
and the conductor caused his arrest,
charging disorderly conduct.
Th" police magistrate decided that
Lewzynsky had violated no law and or
dered his release. Leszynsky there
upon brought suit for $20,000 damages.
Judge Lacomhe directed the jury to
render a verdict in favor of the de
fendant corporation. "If this were
an action, said Judge Lacombe, '"for
negligence of the company in so ar
ranging the details of its business that
its contract with plaintiff was broken
undoubtedly the jury would be entitled
to take the case and assess damages,
but this is not the case and cannot be
helped out by presumption."
Accuses a Police Officer.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— Mrs. Chris
tine Thomson, proprietress of the Casa
del Mar lodging house, has accused
Police Officer Webb of Santa Monica
of attempting to extort money from
her. .She says the officer sent a man
t.i her lodging house to buy beer,
which was supplied. Webb then ap
peared and threatened to arrest her
for selling liquor without a license un
less she agreed to pay him $40.
OPPOSITION TO
MISS GILLETTE
Women Object to Her
Admission to the
Bar.
And They Will Hold a Mass-
Meeting and Vigorously
Protest.
Educated by a Judge at Whose Home
She Has Lived Since He Was
Divorced.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 4.— The refusal to ad
mit Addie Gillette, the pretty young
typewriter of Judge Hayden. to practice
law before the Worcester County bar
is but the beginning of a sensation
which will excite the interest of the
whole State. Not only have personal
appeals been made and petitions circu
lated against Miss Gillette's admission
to the bar, but then? are at present
completed arrangements for a mass
meeting of all the women of Fitch
burg to take action in opposition to
Miss Gillette's legal aspirations.
Judge Hayden has stated that in the
event of such a meeting legal action
will be taken against every person
participating in it. Without a home.
Miss Gillette turned, «»ight years ago,
to Judge Hayden, who had been a
friend of her parents, for protection
and assistance. She entered into a five
year contract with her employer. By
the terms of this contract Miss Gil
lette was provided a home at Judge
Hayden's and some compensation be
sides in return for her services at his
office.
There was plenty to do, but enough
leisure for her to pursue the study of
law. She was examined for the bar
on November 26, but for more than a
month she did not officially know that
she had passed. Then she was de
nied admission to the bar because the
county examiners had listened to ru
mors that have been circulated in re
gard to her by some of the women of
Fitchburg.
The criticism arises because Miss Gil
lette has lived at Judge Hayden's home
since the latter was divorced from his
wife three years ago. Mrs. Hayden
secured an uncontested divorce from
Judge Hayden on the grounds of cruel
ty and abusive treatment. Miss Gil
lette continued to live at her employ
er's home after the separation, and
from this fact the criticism of her con
duct has arisen. She is engaged to
be married to a young man who is now
in London. Miss Gillette is a relative
of the actor, William Gillette. They
are cousins.
FUTILE SEARCH
FOR ELOPERS
A Runaway Pair Succeeds in
Eluding Monterey County
Officers.
Pacific Grove Society Man Accused
of Having Aoduoted a Young
Girl.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SALINAS, Jan. 4.— Sheriff Matthews
has been searching in this city for a
runaway couple. Benjamin Norton, a
society man of Pacific Grove, is accused
of having abducted Mamie Martin, al4
year-old girl, whose parents live in
Castroville. The young girl was last
seen in the company of Norton, and it
is believed that he has hidden her
somewhere either in this city or Pa
cific Grove.
Mrs. Mary A. Martin, the mother of
i the girl, came from Oastroville to-day
in search of her young daughter. She
says Mamie left her home on Sunday
and went to Monterey. She stopped at
the St. Charles Hotel in that city and
displayed considerable money.
Addie Hampton, a woman in the em
ploy of the* hotel, appeared to be quite
intimate with Miss Martin, and the
two visited several places in town.
They went to Pacific Grove together,
and there, it is alleged, met Norton.
Constable Hernandez of Monterey
•was notified yesterday from Castro
ville to find tho girl. Locating her at
i the St. Charles Hotel, he went to get
1 her, but he was too late, the girl hav
ing left about an hour before.
C/overda/e's Next Citrus Fair.
CLOVERDALE, Jan. 4.— The new
Board of Directors of the Cloverdale
Citrus Fair Association, consisting of
J. B. Cooley, president; M. Menihan,
vice-president; F. W. Brush, C. E.
Humbert and L. Vasconi and A. F.
Domine, secretary, held a meeting last
night, setting the dates for the sixth
annual citrus fair, to commence Thurs
day, February 17, and close Tuesday,
February 22. Committees of arrange
ment will be appointed later.
RAID ON
SAN JOSE'S
TREASURY
City Council Orders
Payment of Ille
gal Claims.
Charles Wehner and Ma
bury & Farrel Obtain
Large Sums.
Showing of Cash on Hand
Incites an Onslaught on
the Exchequer.
GRABBING FOR THE COIN.
Favorites of Certain City Fathers
Enriched at the People's
Expense.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, Jan. The report of the
count of the money in the city treas
ury, as submitted to the . Common
Council to-night,' shows that there is
slightly over $124,000 on hand. From ap
pearances this is too rich a plum for
the members to quarrel over, so they
Will patch up their differences and pro
ce^ to -><i«i it... - • :■.»>;;; -
Under the investigations Into city af
fairs, as inadr by 'i ne Call, it has been
shown that $650 was paid to Charles
Wehner for alleged work on the main
sewer, which was not regular. The
Mayor refused to sign the warrant,
and the interested parties became so
alarmed that the money was returned
by Wehner to the treasury. To-night
this identical $GSO was passed by the
Council and ordered paid to Wehner.
The only member opposing was Krieg,
who voted no. The claim was not pre
sented in its original form. On the
contrary, it was cut up into smaller
sums ranging from $60 to $90 in each
bill or claim. Councilmen Nolting and
Fay showed especial solicitude in ad
vocacy of the payment of this sum.
The claims were presented In the
amounts of less than $100 to keep
within the provision of the charter,
which require advertisement and an
opportunity for competitive bids. The
payment of the claims, though cut up
into smaller amounts, is clearly illegal,
it is held, because even if Wehner has
done any work it was not let as the
charter requires, and this method of
allowing the claims is but a subter
fuge.
This "Job" was fully punctured by
The Call some weeks ago. It is con
tended by the advocates of the claim
in the Council that Wehner earned the
money in filling in the main sewer and
in work which was aside from that
called for in his contract. Many citi
zens wish further light on this matter
and may demand it yet.
Mayor Koch has not intimated what
he will do about signing the warrants.
He has gone on record as against pay
ing the money because it was an
illegal claim. The cutting of the total
sum of $650 into various smaller sums
does not alter the original illegality.
The sum and substance of the whole
matter appears on its face to be Just
what it is — a job to favor a favorite.
The Council also paid the claim of
Mabury & Farrel of $320. City Attor
ney Welch within the last few days
stated that the claim should not be
paid and that the courts should pass
upon it. This statement came as a re
sult of the controversy whicn arose
over the entire Julian street sewer con
tract. Fraud was freely charged, and,
although the city attorney had orig
inally recommended that the $3200 be
paid, he said he was forced to with
draw this recommendation under the
light given by the discussion. As
adopted to-night, the resolution, which
was dated In October last, provides
that '$1600 be paid at once, $800 at the
first meeting in January, and $SOO in
April." This would require the imme
diate payment of $2400, whereas, as a
matter of fact, there is in the sewer
fund but $2100. This was explained to
the members of the Council by the
clerk, but the resolution was passed
and then an attempt made to bridge
the difficulty by directing the Mayor
to draw a warrant at once for $1600
only.
Interested citizens are now asking
why Nolting, who had so freely charg
ed gross fraud against Contractors Ala
bury & Farrel, should so change his
views. Another curious position is lhat
of Fay. Fay and Noltins had the open
ditch filled in with great eclat ami
then declared that no matter what was
done with the claim the contractors
would be forced to pay for this. To
nisht no provision was made to collect
further than the statement that the
contractors would pay their claims for
labor. When the contract was let for
$12,000, there was no money in the fund
and many lawyers hold that the con
tract was absolutely void.
In the controversy which arose the
Councilmen, especially Nolting, charg
ed that there had been collusion by the
contractors and that the bid of $12,000
was about $4000 too high. Now, how
ever, he allows the proportioned part
of the bid for the amount of work done.
Various other matters to-night show
that the fat sum in the treasury will be
rapidly diminished.
COLONEL TIMOTHY BROOKS
LIES DANGEROUSLY ILL.
Oldest Gold Miner in the State May Mot
Be Seen at the Go/den
Jubilee.
POMONA. Jan. 4.— The people in
Pomona think that Colonel Timothy
W. Brooks, who lies alarmingly ill at
his rooms ut the Weston Hotel in
Pomona, will never recover. He is
the oldest and most generally known
pioneer in Southern California. He
has for several years claimed that he
was the oldest gold miner in the
State. He was one of the first men
who joined the stampede of excited
men from Santa Cruz to Coloma when
Marshall's discovery became known
there in March, 1848.
From that day to this Colonel
Brooks has been always engaged in
gold mining. He is known among
miners from British Columbia to the
Rio Grande. He has been very rich
three times and is now poor. His
heart has been set upon attending the
Golden Jubilee in San Francisco, and
he had prepared to go to it, when he
fell sick. Dozens of old-time miners
in Central California hav^ recently
written to Colonel Brooks to be sure
to attend the Jubilee.
DID NOT
BUY THEIR
POSITIONS
Forty Teachers Give
Testimony at Los
Angeles.
Each Denies That Tithes
Were Demanded by
School Officials.
Victims of Adams and Axtell
Found to Have Numbered
Only Four.
WEBB IS EXONERATED.
Absolutely No Evidence to Connect
Him With the Operations of
the Boodlers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— About forty
teachers were examined before the
Board of Education to-night as wit
nesses for the defense in connection
with the trial of School Director Wal
ter L. Webb, charged with taking
bribes from teachers and other em
ployes of the School Department. All
of the teachers testified that they had
not paid anything to secure their posi
tions and that they had not been asked
by any one to do so. These were all
teachers who had been newly appoint
ed and not simply re-elected.
In the course of the examination of
these witnesses it was shown that with
very few exceptions the teachers felt
that a stigma had been placed on all
of them in a general way by the man
ner in which the newspapers and those
interested in the prosecution had made
it appear that the teachers had been
held up by the wholesale. Both the
main floor and the gallery of the Coun
cil chamber, where the investigation is
being held, were filled with soectators,
ladies predominating. Charles Cassat
Davis, the newly elected president, pre
sided. The other members present w;ere
Poor, Webb, Bartlett and Conrey — just
a quorum.
After all the teachers present had
been examined Mr. Webb explained
that they were all the new teachers.
He added that he had a resolution
which he would like to have adopted,
as it covered all the teachers who had
been re-elected. He then read the
resolution, which requested the
League for Better City Government to
forward a communication to the
board, acknowledging that two teach
ers and two janitors were the only
ones who paid for their positions to J.
F. Adams and C. H. Axtell.
The resolution was declared out of
order by Chairman Davis, who said
each side had been given the right to
put in its case in its own way. Webb
said the prosecution had completed its
case. He added that the local papers
had charged that the defense intended
to drag out the investigation in order
to tire out the public and make it for
get about it.
Fifty witnesses, all teachers, will be
subpenaed for to-morrow.
MOT EAGER TO PROSECUTE.
President Rule Willing to Overlook Bra/ey's
Violation of the Law.
LOS ANGELES, Jan. 4.— Frederick
K. Rule, president of the League for
Better City Government, which has
been active in the prosecution of School
Director Webb, is not disposed to take
up the case of Banker J. H. Bealy, who
is charged with having violated the law
in discounting teachers' warrants.
When the attention of District At
torney Donnell was called to the Braly
case, he said that he would bring it be
fore the Grand Jury on Monday, as
that body had taken a recess until
then.
"The investigation started," said Mr.
Rule, when he was seen to-day, "on
the charges filed . against Mr. Ax
tell and Mr. Adams. Mr. Webb was
not connected with it as far as we
knew. Personally, I had no idea that
he was. The investigation resulted in
the resignations of Adams and Axtell.
"During the investigation of the
charges made against Adams and Ax
tell Mr. Webb's name was brought
into it by parties testifying that when
Adams and Axtell asked them for
money they stated the money was for
Webb. That of course resulted in
further investigation in reference to
Mr. Webb. The attorneys of the
League for Better City Government
felt that Mr. Webb was more or less
involved in the matter. At any rate,
the evidence was sufficient to warrant
the charges being brought against Mr.
Webb.
"The league is organized for the pur
pose of trying to improve matters here
in the city government, and we don't
propose to stop with the Board of indu
ration if there is any evidence of any
thing that needs investigation in other
departments.
"I think what we have done in get
ting rid of Adams and Axtell is suf
ficient to warrant us in feeling we
have been well repaid for our work.
We feel that the reorganization of the
board is a good thing for the city.
There is a man now at the head of the
Board of Education who is undoubt
edly thoroughly conscientious and
honest in every respect."
"Has it ever been brought to the no
tice of the league that Sir. Braly had
committed a felony in discounting the
warrants of teachers?" asked the cor
respondent of The Call.
"Not that I am aware of. I never
heard of any such charge. I have
heard somebody say that the teachers'
warrants were discounted at his
bank."
"Was any attempt made by the
league to investigate that matter?"
"I don't know that it was ever
brought to the attention of the league."
"This has been a matter of common
street report, the evidence of an un
mistakable cnaraceter and is a matter
of record. Why was not this case
taken up by the league?"
"It was, as I understand It, not Mr.
Braly, but his bank, which discounted
these warrants."
After the laws bearing on the matter i
had been explained to Mr. Rule and i
his attention was called to the fact
that Mr. Braly was president of the i
bank and consequently a stockholder i
and therefore benefited by the pur- ;
chase of these warants he replied:
"I do not think there was any in
fringement of the law."
Mr. Rule was asked why the league
had not taken action to have E. E.
Cooper, W. H. Morris. Miss Clara j
Schroeter and C. J. Rohde removed j
from their positions in the School De- j
partment and why they were not pros
ecuted for having purchased their posi
tions, the two former as janitors and
the latter as teachers. He was asked
why Adams and Axtell were not pros
ecuted for their repeated and self-con
fesed perjuries and why F. K. Neilson,
the contractor, was not prosecuted for
using bribery to procure a contract.
The prosecution of all these cases, he
answered, would take more money than
was required to run the city govern
ment. Mr. Rule thought it was the
duty of the district attorney to take up
these cases, notwithstanding the keen
interest the league had tal-isn in the
prosecution of Webb.
ZANOLI ESCAPES
THE MURDER CHARGE.
But the Barber Will Be Prosecuted for For-
gery and Grand Larceny for Swindling
Insurance Companies.
NEW YORK, Jan. 4.— The case
against Charles Zanoli, accused of.
having murdered his wife, Jennie
Sunnier, whose body was exhumed,
has broken down, as has been fore
shadowed. Professor Wilthaus. who
has teen making an analysis of the
contents of the dead woman's stom
ach in search for poison, has com
pleted his work, and will make a re
port to the District Attorney's office
to-morrow. The report has not been
made public, but it is learned that Dr.
Wilthaus has found nothing of a
poisonous nature in the intestines, ex
cept fluid containing arsenious acid,
the product of arsenic.
The poison, however, enters into the
composition of the fluid used in em
balming Mrs. Suhmer's body, so that
its presence there is no evidence of
poisoning.
It is also learned that the District At
torney had practically decided not to
attempt to prosecute Zanoli for murder.
It has also been decided that it would
be useless to exhume the bodies of Za
noli's other wives, all of whom died be
fore Mrs. Suhmer, and whose bodies are
doubtless much further advanced in de
composition than hers. He will be pros
ecuted, however, for grand larceny and
forgery, in defrauding the life insur
ance companies by collecting policiea
issued on his own life after the death
of his employe, William Schmidt.
THE CLEVELAND
AGAIN IN PORT
Return of the Vessel Which
Was Stranded Off Van
couver Island.
Drops Anchor at Victoria and. Will B«
Repaired, at Quartermaster
Harbor.
Special Dispatch to TTie Call.
VICTORIA, Jan. 4.— The steamer
Cleveland, miraculously saved from de
struction on the west coast of Van
couver Island, dropped anchor in Royal
Roads, off this city, shortly after noon
to-day. Captain Metcalf of San Fran
cisco, who had superintended the work
of floating her, and Mr. J. H. Tyson,
the owner, came into town with the
idea of arranging to have the steamer
repaired here, but since the marine
ways are occupied, and the graving
dock charges rather heavy it was de
cided to adhere to the original inten
tion and have the work done at Quar
termaster Harbor on Puget Sound.
The Cleveland is to-day taking in no
more water than her own pumps can
control. A good sized hole forward
and another aft are her most serious
injuries, though many plates on the
starboard side as well as on the bot
tom are perforated and will have to be
removed. The machinery has been
damaged by its immersion, but the re
pairs will not be nearly so expensive as
might have been expected.
Little difficulty was experienced in
freeing the Cleveland from the rocky
pc-int on which she had lodged in mov
ing toward the sandy beach. On Sat
urday the American tug Tyee gave her
a line, but the water was low at the
time and the ship refused to move.
The next day the Czar of Victoria,
which had been on hand throughout
the wrecking operations, hitched on
astern, and without the slightest diffi
culty the steamer was towed to a place
of safety. When beached her bottom
was patched as best it could be for
temporary service, and the vessel can
now proceed safely to her dock.
SECRETARY OF STATE BROWN
PRONOUNCED OUT OF DANGER.
Reports From the Sickroom Are That the
Invalid's Condition Is Much
Improved.
SACRAMENTO, Jan. 4.— Reports from
the bedside of Secretary of State Brown
show a marked improvement in his con
dition. The attending' physicians now
pronounce him out of danger and on the
road to recovery.
NEW TO-DAY.
jWk Cutting up pranks with
&fy baby is great fun for a young
j^^s»-*tv mother. But before she can
W^sJiSAv cut P ran^ s with the baby
UkS&cESM she must have a healthy
Cgs%s| baby. A puny, sickly, peev-
j^ «g^ [ ish baby has no use- for
BSW^H Vv pranks. It lies in every
I'^ \ y oun ? mother's power to
lS^H^\ insure the health of the ex-
M|S \ pected newcomer.
jls§gfsEs Wy If she will see that
Sk affiJffPßrLjT-y the organs which
wßvß9y\^'-f\ m a c motherhood
mSSBTi tw'TvS. P oss ble are healthy
\ Mr** vj^l }\\and vigorous, and
jp / ■y.\ will keep them so
Ar^\ ) during the period
*"** f _/_* preceding matern-
\j^ lty, she may be sure
that the baby will be healthy and happy.
A marvelous medicine for young mothers
is Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription. Taken
during the period preceding motherhood it
makes strong, healthy and vigorous the or-
gans upon which rest the burdens of ma-
ternity. .It allays inflammation, soothes
pain, and restores steadiness to the nerves.
It does away with the discomforts of the
expectant period. It insures the health of
baby and makes its coming easy and almost
painless. It is the discovery of an eminent
and successful specialist, Dr. R. V. Pierce,
chief consulting physician to the Invalids'
Hotel and Surgical institute, Buffalo, N. Y.
" I took Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
before my confinement, and I was only in labor
a short time,' writes Mrs. Minnie A. Peterson,
Box 5. Easton, Fresno Co., Cal. "The physician
said I got along unusually well. I think the
medicine saved a great deal of suffering and I
get all my friends who need it to try it."
One of the best-known of American n«ed-
ical men said: "If you want to reform a
man, begin with his grandfather." That
would be wise if it could be done. Since it
cannot be done, try something else. Reform
the future grandfathers and grandmothers.
Do this through education. The greatest
thing for a man or woman to know is him-
self or herself. To know one-half the capa-
bilities and disabilities of the human body
is a liberal education. A good start for this
education is Dr. Pierces Common .Sense
Medical Adviser. Any one can have this
finely illustrated 1000-page book for the
small price of twenty-one one-cent stamps.
This is simply to pay for mailing. If you
would like the book* in fine cloth binding
instead of paper, send thirty-one stamps to
World* Dispensary Medical . Association,
663 Main Street, Bu<3Falo, N. Y. ___
34
TOPICS OF
THE RANCH
DISCUSSED
Institute of Farmers'
Clubs Opens at Los
Angeles.
Every Southern California
County Represented
by Delegates.
Men of Science Give the Gath
ering the Benefit of Their
Experience.
LECTURES AND PAPERS.
Success of tha Movement Instituted
by Professor Cook of
Michigan.
Sp«cla! DUpatch to The Call.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 4.— The first
meeting of the University Farmers*
Club's Institute held In the State of
California is now in session in this
city. Many of the best known and
xnoet prominent agriculturists in
Southern California are present.
Southern California is the birthplace
of the Farmers' Institute in Califor
nia. The tlrst Farmers' Institute on
the Pacific Coast was organized at
Compton, Los Angeles County, in IS9O.
At rirst the movement was really lo
cal in us character, but with the ad
vent of Professor A. J. Cook of Mieh
e and character of the
:tes broadened and be
came more general, until finally the
whole State of ■ was Included.
The meeting now in session is •
a convent] .. i C farmers' clubs, assem
bled as an Institute. In the future it
is to be an annual feature. E
county and agricultural locality iii
Southern California is represented,
from Santa Barbara on the north to
San Diego on the south.
Among the prominent agriculturists
present are: Professor J. G. Kyle of
Riverside, James Boyd, the pioneer,
who laid out the beautiful Magnolia
avenue at Kiverside; William Perm
Rogers of Highlands, A. C. Moore of
Redland, Edwin Squires of Claremont,
Dr. John Xeedham of Glendora, L. A.
Taylor of Pomona. J. W. Mills, in
charge of the Agricultural Experiment
Station at Pomona; Dr. S. M. Wood
bridge Of South Pasadena, John W,
Morgan of Montecito, G. W. McTear of
Santa Barbara, Robert Dunn of Fill
more. H. Austin of Fallbroak, secretary
of the San Diego Board of Horticul
tural Commissioners; A. D. Bishop of
Orange, H. A. Cargill of Anaheim, A.
Scott Chapman, M. Haigof San Gabriel,
Charles Chamberlain of La Canyada;
Professor A. R. s»prague of Antelope
Valley, the organizer of the Deciduous
Fruit Growers' Association; O. L.
Llvesey Of Fairmount; C. L. Sessions
Of Los Angeles, president of the
Southern California Dairymen's Asso
ciation.
The present successful meeting was
the result of the direct labor of the
following gentlemen, who made up the
committee having the meeting in
charge: Decoration, Frank TViggins;
exhibit, A. R. Sprague; programme,
G. H. A. Goodwin; publicity, C. H.
Sessions; finance, A. J. Cook; music,
C F. Edsonson; railroads— Abbott
Kinney, C. H. Sessions. A. P. Griffith,
The first session was called to order
by Professor A. J. Cook, in the assem
bly-room of the Chamber of Com
merce. C» H. A. Goodwin, the editor
of the Cultivator, acted as secretary.
General Charles Forman. president of
the Los Angeles Chamber of Com
merce, was introduced and delivered a
cordial address of welcome.
Professor A. J. Cook read a paper on
"Farmers' Institute Clubs," Professor
Cook enumerated a number of subjects
which in his opinion the thirty-two
clubs now organized could discuss* with
Interest and profit. A committee, con
sisting of Messrs. Dunn. Beastons,
I>oyd. Maguire and Sprague, was
named to consider and report on the
suggestions. • ;
Hon. Eiwood Cooper was to have
read a paper on "Food Adulteration,"
but as he was unavoidably absent a
paper written by Mr. Cooper upon the
subject was read by Secretary Good
win.
Robert Dunn of Fillmore discussed
the subject of "Diversified Crops." He
took the position that to keep lands
healthy there should be rotation of
crops.
One of the best papers of the entire
session was by Professor A. J. Sprague
of Fairmount, who discussed "Almond
Culture ' P: kfescor Sprague said that
the growers shoutd endeavor to produce
all the almonds -.he market could
profitably take, instead of competing
in lines that were already crowded.
So far the history of almond growing
in California had been one of disap
pointment, because the trees had been
planted in I icalltiefl. where the trees
flourished, bat did not bear well. As
California was the only State in the
Union which produced almonds. It was
to inquire what conditions favor al
mond growth.
In certain distri tB the wild almond
was growing. It is found in hich
altitudes, where the air is rarer, the
rainfall scanty, the soil of a permeable
character, where there was scarcely
any fog. where the winters were cold
end there was snow to the depth of
twelve to fifteen Inches in February
and the first of March. It had been
found that almonds in the higher
altitudes were hardier, standing a
temperature of t4 degrees, when to
those lower In the valley & tempera
ture of JS degrees was fataL
"As to culture," said he, 'it is wiee
to do as little pruning as consistent.
During the summer of the second sea
son it is not desirable to prune at all.
The second winter it Is better to cut
back only to thin out and trim up the
trees to make them shapely; and the
same method should be fol»owed there
after. This method has been proven
the best by experience.
"The almond is not for irrigation and
should be grown where irrigation Is not
necessary. In harvesting almonds they
can be handled much better and more
cheaply in large quantities, as the
largo machines for shucking are much
more efficient.
"The *oft-shelled almonds most cora
monly planted aro Norp&reil, I X i_.
Ne Plus ritra and paper-shell. Drakes'
seedling, though graded 2 to 5 cents
rhwpir than the above varieties, is a
heavy producer and consequently pro
fitable."
Ac a closing word. Mr. Sprague said
thai sitnonds should never be grown in
it region where they had to be su"
phured. Almonds that have t.< be sul
nhured suffer fioni two disadvantages.
Officers of the University Farmers' Clubs 9
Institute.
viz: the cost of sulphuring and the dis
advantage in the market, which was
growing with the people's understand
ing that almonds were not so good after
being subjected to the injurious sul
phur treatment.
The subject of 'Fruit Exchanges"
started a dispute in the Institute. J.
H. Hoag of Kedlands took up a de
fense >f the Citrus Union and went for
the Southern California Fruit Ex
change. Mr. Hoag was not . present
himself, hut his paper was read by A.
C. Moore, the president of the Redlands
Horticultural Club. L. A. Taylor of
Pomona and William Perm Rogers of
Highlands defended the Southern Cali
fornia Fruit Exchange, as did A. H.
Natsner. the president of the latter in
stitution. Finally the subject got too
warm. or. rather, the discussion did,
and it was dropped.
Papers were read as follows: A. R.
Sprague of the Antelope Valley on
"Deciduous Fruit Exchanges": C. A.
Hatch of Pasadena Of the Southern
California Beekeepers' Association, on
"Beekeepers' Exchanges"; Albert K.
Smiley, on "Roads and Roadside Tree
Planting"; J. W. Mills, on "Promising
New Varieties of Fruit."
At this evening s s.ss.on resolutions '
were adopted favoring the fornsation of
a deciduous fruit growers" association; i
expressing sympathy with the Florida i
citrus fruit growers over the misfor
tunes they are experiencing in the way
of cold weather: Indorsing the ten block
system of numbering country homes
and urging boards of supervisors to
take the matter up and push it to early
completion.
Miss Jean Loomis read a comprehen
sive paper on "Scale Insects," describ
ing the different classes of scale in
stvts. and telling something or" their
habits and harmful propensities. F.
Austin of Fallbrook read a paper on
"Fighting Scale Insects. ' S. A. 1
of San Bernardino County made strong
argument in favor of fumigation rather
than spraying, as by the former fully
»9 per cent of the insects would be ex
terminated. Judson Williams of Fall
brook added his testimony as to the
efficacy of fumigation, saying, however,
that growers were justified in econo
mizing on small tre^s by using sprays.
He discussed at some length the mer
its of various sprays.
A. D. Bishop read a paper on 'The
Purple Scale," (riving the history- of
its introduction Into California and
suggesting the most successful meth
ods of lighting it. Mr. Hall of San
Diego lifted his voice in f*vor of spray
ing ;.• Ft fumigation, which, he
said, killed the scale but not the egg.
He said the spray to swear by was one
pound of Babbitt's lye put into twenty
gallon* of water.
In the discussion that followed there
, seemed to In? a general opinion that
: kerosene emulsions should be gingerly
handled by amateur sprayers.
Secretary Goodwin read a paper by
V. Tressler. secretary of the Riverside
Poultry Ass.i lation. He spoke of the
', common erroneous belief that thor
oughbred poultry was more delicate
' than the common stock. Given proper
; housing nnd good food thoroughbreds
' were not only sightlier than the com
mon stock, but more profitable to
handle.
T. W. Covran of London. England,
was introduced as an authority on the
subject set for him on the programme.
"Bees and Horticulture. Ho gave a
learned account of th*» part bees play
ed in fertilizing plants. The fertilizer
question was discussed by P. M. Wood
bridge of South Pasadena, a member
of the Southern California Pomological
Society.
A paper on "Maintaining the Fertil
' Our Soils" was read by Dr. E.
\V. Hilgard of Berkeley. James Mor
gan of the Santa Barbara Horticul
tural Association discussed the ques
tion of disposing of fruit crops, in
which he scored the middlemen, who
he claimed ate up the profits of the
producers. Herman C< pelaad read a
learned paper on the "Purple Scale."'
speaking as a representative of the
Chula Vista Club. E. W. Holmes of
Riverside, a pioneer, flacMßtd "The
Future of the Citrus Fruit Industry
W. T. Hayhurst of Ch'.no gave I
valuable information in a paper on
•Beet Sugar and the Farmers." Alfred
H. Smiley of the RedJands Club talked
on "The Ornamentation of Home
Grounds. '"
The con vent ion has been a success
far :»yond the expectations cf those
who conceived the ;
FRANCE REALLY OWNS
CLIPPERTON ISLAND
At Uait That Is the C/aia Put Forward by
a Paris Paper, Which Says the Frtach
Should Adjudicate.
PARIS, Jan. 4.— The IJberte asserts
that Clipperton Island, over which the
Mexican flag is reported to have been
hoisted by a party of marines from the
runboat Dernocrata, after the stars and
stripes had been hauled down in spite
of the protests of the Americans there,
really belongs to France, and adds:
"Naturally the Americans have asked
for the protection of their Government,
but it is France's duty to re-establish
order in that island, adjudicate be
tween the Americans and Mexicans,
and demonstarate our own rights,
which have never been contested." *»
NEW YORK. Jan. 4-— A Washington
special to the Herald says: The admin
istration has paid no attention to the
report that the American flag was
hauled down on Clipperton Island by
a Mexican gunboat, nor will it do so
until the matter is brought officially
before it. I was Informed by a depart
ment official to-day that the United
States had never formally proclaimed
that Clipperton Island was under its
jurisdiction. Clipperton Island is situ
ated about SW miles off the Mexican
coast, almost due west of Acapu'.. It
is only about four miles in circumfer
ence, but the jruar.o upon it is said to
be valued at IJOO.OCO.
Ti* Wk—tat§ at Victoria.
VICTORIA. J3n. 4— The rnited States
(timN^at Whe^Unr arrived here to-day on
her way to Alaska.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JA2TCARY 5, 1898.
SEVERE BLOW
TO ARBITRATION
Damages Not Allowed for
111-Treatment in
Mexico.
Argentina's Minister Decided
the Case by Ignoring All
Legal Points.
Peculiar Lack of Perception, Without
a Parallel in the History of
Arbitration.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office. Rigg* House,
Washington. Jan. 4.
The cause of arbitration in the set
tlement of claims between nations has
received a severe check in the award
by the arbitrators in the case of Ober
lander and Messenger, who claimed
|M,tM and $2j>,i\>o respectively for ill
treatment by the Mexican authorities.
The arbitrator was the Argentine Min
ister at Madrid. St-nor Queseda. and his
decision was in favor of the Mexican
. nment and against the American
claimants. The discouraging feature of
the decision is that in making the de
cision the arbitrator apparently over
looked every point of law. according to
the English standard, and decided the
case with reference to his sympathies.
It is said that a more extraordinary
opinion than this from a legal stand
point of vit-w was never seen at the
State Department. Oberlander was a
Deputy Sheriff in California and he
was kidnaped and then taken across
the border by Mexican officer*. Mrs.
Messenger, in whose nouse he had
taken refuge, was ill-treated. When it
came to rendering his decision the ar
bitrator, it is said, ignored the facts
and reasoned that because the United
States Government had not recognized
the rights of the Chinese Government
to indemnity for the killing of Chinese
at Rock Springs. Wyo.. while insisting
upon indemnity for losses sustained by-
American missionaries in China, we
could not expect to have an indemnity
awarded our citizens in such IMM as
this.
This peculiar lack of legal perception
is said, at the State Department, to be
almost without a parallel in the history
of arbitrations, and has undoubtedly
done much to prevent the submission
of other claims to arbitration, unless it
can first be shown that the arbitrator
is familiar with the principles of com
mon law, according to the English
standards.
SANTA CLARA
COUNTYS` RICHES.
Past Year's Shipments From
San Jose One-Third Greater
Than in 1896.
Nearly 51.800.000 More Received for
the Products of the Fertile
Valley.
Special Pi«p«trh to t&a CalL
SAX JOSE. Jan. 4.— The annual
statement of the Eastern overland
shipments from Son Jose for the year
1597 s'n nvs an increase of nearly one
third over' those of the preceding year.
The figures for 1597 are 130.552.550
pounds, against S&,3fcS,U& for l&M. a
fain of 45.195.TW pounds. This shows
that the past season has been a golden
one for the fruit-growers of Santa
Clara County, and the Increase ship
ments mean that the people of thl3
valley have received nearly a million
and a half dollars more for their prod
ucts than they did last year. The
dried fruit crop has been nearly all
shipped, and by the time the ne*t sea
son comes the market will be entirely
cleaned up. and this will insure good
prices next year. The .exports of
dried and canned goods from San Jose
to European ports have . trebled, and
canhers and shippers look forward to
immense gains in this direction next
year. ;
The principal overland shipments
last year -were: Canned g<H>ds. 15.234,-
T*o pounds; green apples, MSMM;
green pears. 5.630.950; pwn cher
ries, 3.273.710: ■ dried prunes, 53,
©04.250; vine, . 11.102.475 : beans.
i.9?i.&3». Other products ,of the county
brought the total up to 130.a53,150
pounds, a gain of 42.195.765 over ISS6.
The exports to European points
footed up P. 935.955 pounds, divided as
follows: Dried prune*. <.ttt,Mt
pounds: dried apricots, 1.4*8. dried
peaches. 20.500; dried pears, •o,l*o.
dried plums, 23.550: canned roods
ttMBS; green fruit, $75,0*5; seeds'
159,150.
♦— -
ih Chttrje for hspecttcr:.
VICTORIA. B. C. Jan. 4— The secre
tary of the Board of Trade Is in receipt
of the following message from Minister
of the Interior Sifton at Ottawa: «i have
Just returned from Washington, where I
have completed arranceinents insuring
the ptsMtr of Canadian goods by way of
Dyea and Skaguay sub-ports without
charge for Inspection.**
LOUD NAMES
POSTMASTERS
Recommends Men for the
Gilroy and Santa Clara
Offices.
Los Gatos Merchants Protest
Against the Free Rural
Delivery.
In Order to Reducs Expenses It Is
Proposed to Consolidate a Num
ber of Offices.
Special Dlipatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, Jan. 4.
Congressman Loud was at the Post
office Department to-day and recom
mended Postmasters for the cities of
Santa Clara and Gilroy in his district.
Richard Ryan was recommended for
the office at Gilroy and A. A. Withrow
at Santa Clara. Both are Presidential
offices. There were several candidates
for each of the places.
Mr. Loud has received from Los
Gatos several petitions against the
proposed free rural delivery system to
be established In that vicinity, with
the town of Campbell as the central
distributing point. It appears from
this petition, which is signed by mer
chants of the place, that they are fear
ful that Los Gatos will l->se the trade
of those ruralists who have been as
customed to go there to get their mail.
Tht-se merchants contended that it will
work a great hardship to them if the
t.-wn of Campbell is made the free
delivery distributing point, as the
farmers have for many years been ac
customed to coming to Los Gatos tar
their mail, and at the same time pur
chased their goods there, but Mr. Loud
very properly replied that such selfish
considerations ought not to prevail,
and that the convenience of mail fa
cilities in the outlying districts should
be considered. Inasmuch as there has
been a proposition considered to re
duce Postofflee Department expendi
tures by lopping off st-me of the car
riers in the big cities, other members
of the Committee in Postofflces and
I*. st Roads have proposed that the
force of carriers in the big cities be
reduced.
Mr. Loud assents to this, but thinks
that a better way might be to consoli
date the smaller P'gtofflces within a
certain radius with some central of
fices. One instance of a successful con
solidation of this kind is at India
napolis, Ind. A number of suburban
offices within a short distance of In
dianapolis were abolished. The main of
fice was then called "Greater Indian
apolis" and the smaller poetomces were
made "sub-stations" and an agent ap
pointed for each of them, under the di
rection of the PiHrtßWtw at Indiana
polis. Mr. Loud suggested tbat this
DO might be put Into practice In
many thickly settled communities, as
for instance that In the n«ighlK>rhood
of L- land Stanford University, where
a number of smaller offices might be
abolished by consolidation. This would
save about >20.0i>0 that is now paid in
salaries to these several postmasters,
and this money cou! i be used for free
rural delivery in that vi. inity. This
was merely a tentative suggestion on
the part of Mr. Loud, and has not yet
received ser:ous consideration.
COULD FORECLOSE
ON THE CENTRAL
Attorney - General McKenna
Says the Road Is in
Default.
Meanwhile Huntlngton Is Trying to
Prevent Action by the Gov
ernment.
Sp*ri»l Dijpatchto The Call.
XEWYORK. Jan. 4 — A special to the
Mail and Express from Washington
says: Attorney - General McKenna
stated this afternoon that in his opin
ion the Government could foreclose on
the Central Pacific road in view of the
default of tlO 614,210 worth of bonds
last Saturday, but he did not believe it
possible to take any immediate steps In
the matter in view of the reassembling
of Conjrress to-morrow.
Although Judpe McKenr.a did not
cay so it is we kruv.n at the Depart
ment of Justice that the course to be
followed by the Government in this
matter is to be left until Governor
Griggs is appointed Attorney-General
and takes office, but as Attorney-Gen
eral McKenna holds that the Govern
ment car. foreclose this will no doubt
be the administration's! course.
It is understood here that C. P.
Huntinirton is endeavoring la arrange
with English holders of bonds for an
extension of at least one year. ■'.> • ,
If Huntlr.pton canr.ot make arrange
ments with English holders of securi
ties in default foreclosure will have to
come, and the Government, of course,
will act with foreign bondholders so as
to protect itw (
President Oollia P. Huntington of the
Central Pacific Railroad had nothing
to add to-day to the statement of the
condition of the road which he made
in Interviews yesterday. He said then
that some satisfactory arrangement
could be made when the debt becomes
due. and that he thought a receiver for
the road would have a tendency to re
duc* the earning* one-third. . A rep
resentative of Speyer & Co., who is
sued J50.000,000 of the first mortgage
bonds of the company, said to-day that
as the bonds were : about to mature
something would have to be done to
satisfy the holders. He said, however,
that there wu nothing being done in
the matter Just now. but that there
would be developments in the course
of a week.
HUNGARIAN STATESMEN
ENGAGE IN TWO DUELS.
lasatts Eichcr.gtd Ih/hifg Dtbctts £.m# Up
r» fierce Fighft oa tkt /7e/tf
ef Hor.sr.
BtT»APEST. Jan. i.— Two duels with
swords were fought here to-day, arising
out of insults exchanged during the re
cent debates in the lower house of the
Hjr.rarUr. Parliament.
Count Stefan Tisa wounded Herr Lud
wig Olay, and Herr Edmund Ga.iar>"
wounded Herr Stefan Rayovsky. In
both cas^s the wourds were serions.
Herrea Tixa and Gajary received flesh
wound*.
To Cure a Cold itj On« Day
Tak» Lax&tlv* Hromo Qslala* Tabieta. - All
ir-i£Tij:s refund U* isoary. rr U falls to car*.
Ec Tne oosta* bas L» a. Q. oa easa ts.t:«t.
PICTURES ARE
SENT BY WIRE
How a Newspaper Illus
trated the Trial of a
Murderer.
Scenes Occurring Many Miles
Away Transmitted by
Electricity.
It Took Just Ninety-Six Minutes to
Have Portraits Ready for
the Press.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Pictures of
characters of the Edwin Shaw murder
trial at Camden, X. J.. 145 miles from
New York, were secured this evening
in the editorial room of the Herald
and were ready for the press ninety
six minutes from the time they were
sent. The instrument stood in an al
cove, looking for all the world like a
diminutive model of a printing press
under a glass case. The veteran opera
tor who had charge of it sat at a
table next to the case and watched the
waving finger of the instrument, draw
ing likenesses line by line. Two sheets
of paper four and a half inches square,
with a carbon sheet between, were
placed upon the bed and securely
clasped down. Over the surface passed
a carriage upon a tiny wheel. The car
riage bore a needle which pressed
down upon the surface of the paper.
Out at Camden the indicator was
passed over the lines drawn with shel
lac upon a tin plate. The needle in
Ntw York pressed down upon the pa
per every time the indicator 145 miles
away crossed the line upon the tin
plate. The finger had nearly reach
ed the rim of the bed of braes and
stopped.
The carriage was lifted up, the sheets
were slipped out, and there was the
picture of a man. The telegraph in
struments were working now.
"Have sent a picture of Nelson W.
Cox, disqualified as a juror," ticked the
sounder.
■■Received In excellent condition," was
the message sent back to Camden.
The time was twenty-one minutes.
The features of a man over at Camden
had been pictured in New York in
twenty-one minutes. Fresh sheets of
paper were put in. The needle was
moved back to the starting point and
the ciock work began to move. A new
picture had been placed in the machine
at Camden. Another picture was on
the way; another twenty-one minutes
of waiting and another portrait was
taken from the machine. This, as the
operator at Camden Bent word over the
same wire, was the picture of Edward
Xorcross. foreman of the Jury-
Then the artist and engraver had
their turn. The picture* were re
drawn in India ink first. It takes thirty
minutes to re-draw a portrait carefully.
The drawings were then sent to the en
graving mom. Forty-five minutes after
it left the hands of the artist the por
trait was ready for printing. The send
ing of the pictures showed that draw
ings may be sent by wire, re-drawn
and made ready for printing in ninety
six minutes.
IT SAVED. 1
We all knoic what " MdJS'XA" was. It wa* life for a 5
time to that nation to which we owe al T that we hold as \
Gentiles most dear. But what is manhood's manna? It is <
"Hudyan." It may be a curious comparison, but it is the S
one thing that will save life to-day/ Manna was the one $
thing that saved life thousands of years ago. "Hudyan" is c
the greatest — infa-ctth* one thing that makes manliness. Z
It corrects the effects of abuse. It does for men what noth- 5
ing else can do. Do you doubt this? There are testimo- \
nials that range from Alaska to Cape Horn — are \
written statements that run all the way from, Maine to this S
State, and they all tell the same story. The story is that <
"Hudyan" mak'S manli' ' I
ness. It makes no differ- / ilß^'v^^ 9 \
enca as to how little right \^///£ /i 5
you have to the privileges S M WaJLaM -Fa c
of a man. "Hudyan" saves **WWM*S^J i_ I
you\ It has saved so many /^~^\/B^ \
men that you would be ( 9 if//lf M^ &2 /^i %
astonished to read the list. f f££Jjf£f£dJL " i
You had best write or call. W i WWVW WMWWW \
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE. \
Stockton, Market and Kill* St»., San Fraaelaco. \
>OOOOOOOOOOCOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOCOOOO<KK>OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOC
■ * -
Ai far back as n« can rexaeober, Mr. C Daa. Helm, the New York business
artist so widely* known in advertising circles, RaSered froa iadigestioa. Just how
h« was cared cf this distressing ailment is related beiow in his owa words :
. ■ Nearly three years ago I carae to New York from the West to take charge of
die art department in a weii-known advertising specialist's ©See. My work was Terr
ccanamg aad my digestive trembles iacreased. Finding my condition similar to his,
my partner indnced me to try Beecham's Pills, which be was nsing. but what little good
they prodaced was only temporary. .Ha-nag made a great many fflastratioas for adTer-
ristojeuts of Ripans Taboles,' I w*s of cborse interested ia thesa and tried them, I took
foor or fire Tabcles, bat as I saw no marked result for the better I let the matter
drop» A year. passed, acd.oae day. in talking with the manager of the Ripaas
Chemical Co. I told him of my troabks, ssyyig that I had tried t*u or a»e Taboie
without bene«t. He said that I ooght not to expect so little mediriae to immediatelT
«*e a trooble o{ six or serea years' staadiog. and that I had not givea the remedr a
fair triaL I recognized the justice of these remarks, and began takiag two Tabales
•fter each meaL The result was fyiog. To-day lam well, and can eat what I
please whhoat distress. I always car the Tabuka with me, aad spring them oa my
dyspeptic friends at every opportanity.**
. Aa»»KyVp>cfc«*oc«Mrt«terT»»a^>j3T*aPLS»a»pap»o«a»jaf»k.T n « J «_. - -
BRIDE OF AN
INDIAN PRINCE
Lady Anne Coventry Now
the Wife of Dhuleep
Singh of Lahore.
Courtship Opposed by the Young
Woman's Family for
Some Time.
The Groom Comes From a Family
That Fought the English for
Generation*.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, Jan. 4.— Lady Anne Cov
entry, third daughter of the Earl of
I'ventry, was married this afternoon
at St. Peters Church. Eaton square,
to Prince Dhuleep Singh, son of the
late Maharajah of Lahore. The court
ship of the Prince and Lady Anne has
been marked by considerable opposi
tion upon the part of the lady's fam
ily, which was mainly overcome by the
intervention of the Prince of Wales.
There was a large and distinguished
company present in the church. The
decorations were elaborate, palms,
ferns and white flowers being promi
nently displayed. The Earl of Coven
try gave his daughter away. The
bridesmaids were: Lady Dorothy Cov
entry, sister of the bride; the Princess
Sophie Bamba Dhuleep Singh, Miss
Brenda Van de Wier, Lady Victoria
Herbert and Miss Elspeth Campbell.
Prince Frederick Dhuleep Singh was
the best man. The service was choral.
After the wedding there was a re
ception at the Coventry House on
Park lane. Later the couple started
for Paris. The presents were costly.
The Queen sent a bronze statuette of
herself.
Prince Victor Albert Jay Dhuleep
Singh, who is 32 years of age, is the
grandson of that East Indian Prince
whose struggle against the British
earned for him the title of the •"Lion
of the Punjab." The young Prince's
father, the late Maharajah of Lahore,
fought against the British in India, but
was eventually compelled to swear al
legiance to Queen Victoria. He was al
lowed a pension, the revenues of La
hore being turned into the Indian treas
ury. Later the Maharajah entered into
negotiations with Russia, for which
the British stopped his pension. The
Maharajah returnee to his allegiance,
was pardoned and his pension restored.
The famous Kohinoor diamond was
formerly the property of the late
Maharajah of ignore.
Prince Singh was educated in Eng
land, and was for a time on the staff
of General Sir Jchn Ross, when the
'.atter was in command of the British
forces in Tanada. Tbe Prince has been
prominent at Halifax, and visited Xew
York. Newp->rt and Lenox.
Lady Anne Coventry is the third
: daughter of the ninth Earl of Coventry.
; She was born in 1874. Her brother.
Viscount iverhurst. married Miss Vir
ginia Bonynge, formerly of California,
and her riri«t cousin, the Earl of Cra
i yen. married Cornelia, the daughter of
Bradley Martin of New York.
NEW TO-DAY.
NO^ATTH CURE
ABOUT STUART'S DYSPEPSIA :^.
TABLETS.
They Core Stomach Trouble* and Indi-
gestion Anyway, Whether You Havo
Faith In Them or Not.
All physicians agree that the ele-
ment of faith has a great deal to to
in the cure c-f disease.
Firm belief and confidence in a fam-
ily physician or the same confidence
and faith In a patent medicine have
produced remarkable cures in all ages.
This is especially true in nervous
troubles, and no field offers so prolific
a harvest for the quack and charlatan
as the diseases arising from a weaK
or run down nervous system. -
Nevertheless, the most common or au
diseases, indigestion and stomach trou-
bles, which in turn cause nervous ais-
• eases, heart troubles, comsumption ana
loss of flesh, requires something De-
sides faith to cure.
Mere faith will not digest your food
for you, will not give you an appetite,
will not increase your flesh and
strengthen your nerves and heart, but
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will do
these things, because they are com-
posed of the element* of digestion;
they contain the juices, acids and pep-
tones necessary to the digestion and
assimilation of all wholesome food.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will di-
gest food if placed in a jar or bottle
in water heated to 98 degrees, and they
will do it much more effectively when
taken into the stomach after meals,
whether you have faith that they will
or not. vir, -■ ; ,
Thpy Invigorate the stomach, make
pure blood and strong nerves, in the
only way that nature can do it, and
that is, from plenty of wholesome food
well digested. It is not what we eat
but what we digest that does us good.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets are sold 
by druggists at 50 cents for full-sized
i package.
LJttle book on cause and,, cure or
i stomach troubles mailed free by ad-«
: dressing Stuart Co., Marshall, Mich.
SWORN STATEMENT
Of the Condition is 1 Viise en D«e«mb*r 31, 159 7, »f tii
ASSETS AND LIABILITIES
OF THE
Francisco Savings Union
A Corporation,
DOING BUSINESS AT
532 California Street,
NE. CORNER OF WEBB STREET,
I CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO,
STATE OF CALiyOBSIA.
ASSETS.
, I— Promissory Notes, s*cun»d by first
lien on real estate within this
State, the actual value of
which now-s is $15,762,128 Of
. 2— Bonds of the United States Gov-
ermaent and of municipal and
quasi-public corporation*, the
actual value of which is 5,133,157 02
Part of these are kept in tbe
vaults of this corporation and
part in a box rented from the
National Safe Depo«!t Co., in
the city of New York.
3— Bank Preaiises i50,0W 00
Situated at the northeast comer
of California and Webb street*.
in the City of San Francisco.
4-Other Real Estate 1,M7.«» T4
situated in the State of Cali-
fornia; part of it is productive.
and It is of the actual valu*
= *a:e<i.
s— Temporary Investments — *"-
Bonds, evidences of indebted-
ness and shares of capital stock
of municifAl. qoasl-pubUc, and
Industrial corporations, othei
than mining, ui-on wh:ch this .
Corporation has advanced 4C-,6T5 C 3
All sa:i bonds, evidences ' I in- -*>
debtedness and stock c«rtifi- ~
cates are kept in the vaults of,
this Corporation.
! Safes and Furniture in the effica , - j
of tbe Bank of the value 0f.... S.CM 00 ■ '
I— Cash in C. S. Gold and Silver
Coin 1.253.5 M 10
of which there is:
In Vault 1*4.931 M
In Bank .- SC»3.ni 12
Total Assets .C«.«3,«l ft
LIABILITIES.
ii — To Depositors this corporation
owes deposits amounting to,
and the actual value of which
Is , *r,7».Ug64
The condition of said deposits is
th&t they are payable onl> oct
of said assets and are fully se-
cured thertby.
S— To Stockholders —
Capital Stock si.ooa.eM 00
Reserve Fwad .... 174. 51
The actual value cf which isj 1.174, C 9 SI
The condition of said liability *
to Stockholders Is. that no pan
of the amount can be paid to
them, or in any way withdrawn j-
except in payment of losses. "
durts? th« existence of th# cor- _ '"*">
poration. | r pattl all deposi- " >■
tors shall have been paid in -*
full tbe amount of their de- ?"
posits and declared dividends.
I— Contingent Fund, including- the
amount cf accrued, but uncol-
lected interest on ir.vertmeats.. OQ.4t« >•
4— General Accounts, balaace 10,111 B
These accounts embrace
»ir.jur.'.i held for purposes of
roarant?e and sums, the final
application of which lias not ";
be<n determined.
&-£tate. Cottßty and City Taxes—
Balance undisbursed CSIS <S
Total Liabilities .C4.«?.4«l SI
Saa rranciseo. January S. IS??.
SAX FRAXCISCO SAVINGS 1"N1ON.
By Oisaed) ALBERT MILLER, *
President.
LOVELL WHITE.
Cashier.
State of California. t m
City and Ccanty of Sar. Francisco. { *•*•
Albert Miller and Lovrtl White, beinr each
separately, aad duly sworn each for himself.
says: That e*id Albert M::>r is President!
and said Larveil White is Cashier of the Saa
Francisco Sav-.r-rs Uaioa. the Corr-oratioo
above mentioned, and that th* feresoing state-
ment Is tret
tBt«r»ed> ALBERT MILLER.
(Signed) LOVELL WHITE.
Subscribed aad swore to before rae this 4th
day of. January. A D. IM.
(Signed) AUGUSTA W. DCTSEXBERG,
l^esi] N bin Public
In and for the City aad Cocnty of Saa Fraa-
cisoo. State of California,
MONEY CAN BE HAD
For Building Purposes from either
Tks Ultlity, EErire, Medflitf aiiTiuii
>:.:.:. Mliv ai Lea a.:;.../::
ON VERY FAVORABLE TERMS.
WILLIAM E. LLTZ. Secretary ,
SS Saasomg Street.
Q visit OR. JORDAN'S 6mt
ffSL Museum of Anatomy
P 1 B ♦-• l-*J»*"*fiu*U*isiaeW»T!i.
\^L\ DR. IOROAN-^nvatc Diseises.
11l ft, Omnlwm tne. rr:* Jkt Inl
vi i Philoso P^y of Marriage.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is % powcrfs: cj>tuvKus>ac aei sjwciic tocuc
tar tbe sexaal aad urtaary crrans of both
*ex«k. and * sr**t reaaeAy for tTJTiiii of the
kfcfawys aafi blaifier. A sreat Re*t»«ivr
; Invigwrator aad Xtrrtat Sells ca it* <nra
Merits: aa IoKS-wiaded testta»c»tlals =€e*s»i^
NAKKR. ALFS * BRCKE. A^atsT^*
\ m MarteX Street. S. F-«Sea3 far Circular.)
Jar t s^£?^ t?^sSu£UNIVERSAL PRAISE FOR THE NEW ERA EDITION
IN ALL RESPECTS THE BEST.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call was in all respects the best
number of a daily paper ever printed In j
California. Its illuminated cover and the ,
other art features were pleasing to the j
eye, while the reading matter com- |
prises a complete review of the Indus
tries of this State. The Call Is now
housed in the beautiful new home
erected for it by Mr. Claus Sprockets,
and under its present able management
Is a leader among Pacific Coast journals.
Ah'y edited, beautifully printed, re
liable and enterprising, the new era
which ia opening up for The Call is un
mistakable. Every man who voted in
California last year had a copy of The
Call mailed to him with the compli
ments of Mr. Spreckels. This action is
■ highly displeasing to the Evening Ex
press of this city, but no complaints have
A TRANSCENDENT FEAT
The New Era edition of the San
Francisco Call was one of the
greatest of all the great feats in
th" world's Journalism. — Bodie
Miner-Index.
p'Tjeen heard from the recipients of this
•'^beautiful issue.— Los Angeles Capital.
(i WONDERFUL PRODUCTION.
;.■;..; The New Era edition of that great
-. The San Francisco Call, is a woti
derful production of the printer's art.
The edition contains eighty pagea
. and has a handsome colored cover. A
r picture of The Call building adorns the
-.front page. This building is the finest
; and most striking in San Francisco. The
. ("nil was established in 1858 and has
; Through all its career been noted for its
.. pafeand conservative editorial utterance.
The Call, under its present owner, John
:. P. Spreckels. is backed by money, brain
end unlimited energy, three things which
have made this paper a power. The Call
has never pandered to the depraved
tastes by publishing sensations. In fact
The Call abhors yellow Journalism, thus
.'.conclusively demonstrating that a paper
■'can achieve greatness without groveling
in disgusting sensationalism.— San Ber
. rarvilno Times-Index.
BY LONG ODDS THE FINEST.
. The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, published Sunday. December
'•:■ 19, is by long odds the finest special cdi-
V -tion of any paper we have ever had the
.- pleasure to perils'*, and we believe it is
-•• ahead of any ever published. It is a
. .magnificent issue from a literary, artistic
-.- and typographical standpoint. It tells
.' the story of, Christmas and California
. : - -In a way to charm all, every one of its
•■•'.eighty pages being a gem. We shall
.-...Seep one in commemoration of The Call's
;• enterprise, and recommend every one
•• who has not yet secured one to do so
■•; ••without delay, and when reading and en
i ..joying the pagp* to be sure and not for-
Wffat the editorial or. page 56 headed "The
■■' llera-ld of a New Era." It sounds the
-.••true shibboleth of the age we live in.—
■v .Bant a Monica Outlook.
c MOST NOTABLE PAPER.
-':'•. The Hew Era number of the San Fran
•-< Cisco Call is one of the most notable spe
.. cial editions that has been put forth by
. any newspaper on the coast. It is a
'. •• huge affair, containing over eighty pages
■\ of. entertaining, well arranged, matter.
.-..'-.The Call has Just moved into the new
;'n!-.(1 beautiful Spreckels building, where
CHALLENGES THE ADMIRATION OF ALL
.' Ban Diego Union.
' " The New Era number that has Just been Issued by the Ban Francisco
• Call Is by far the handsomest and most comprehensive edition ever put forth
"by any newspaper on the Paclflo C'oaft. No paper of bo great valne t© Cali
• fornla was ever printed. Many of the articles descriptive of the resources
and industries of the Htate ar» written by men who have the highest repu
tation for knowledge of the subjects of which they treat. Another admlra
' ble feature Is the almost Inspiring tone of hope for California's great future
. that pervades the entire paper. The Call's new management undertook a
.mighty ta*k when it essayed the preparation ©f this New Era number.
That task has been performed In a manner that chaHeiicr.--: tv- Imi ration
of all.
'■...■■"it has rmarters especially adapted to its
:''-. :t :='»?=. Since the paper came under the
';• • ..proprietorship of J. D. Spreckels it ha«
;■•• -jjiade a number of notable improvements
3 is now a well edited, handsome 100k
... tag sheet. It is making a determined
'•■ "fight agnlnst the annexation of Hawaii,
; • ay.<! in this, as in other things, it has the
.^•'.Express' best wishes for its success. — Los
• .-.Angeles Expi
DISTANCED CONTEMPORARIES.
The Xpw Era Call called the turn on
i-r? metropolitan contemporaries and dis*
>:•;-. tanced thorn in excellence in the publi
■ '/■,:-'.cn.'\r,n of a mammoth Christmas edition.
-."• : .u.-.The New Era Call was the best piece of
■".•'newspaper work ever attempted on the
!.:.-"■ Pacific Coast; the letter-press was ad
": :':'\ Hi!ral>ly prepared and ably edited and
deals with living subjects of interest to
English reading people the world over,
. and the publication will prm-e of ln«»sti
: -ma tile value as a medium of advertising
California's attractions and boundless
.. .reaoarcea. — Gait Gazette.
''■'A' CHIEF CALIFORNIA NEWSPAPER.
'■ "■;.';■ :: --Th» New Era edition of the Pan F*ran
.'..'. -clßco Call, which was issued on the 19th
1 -In honor of its advent into its new
• Jinme, the Clans Spreckels building, on
Market street of that city, wan the great
STORM BEATEN
OFF THE HORN
Long "Voyage of the Lao
mene Caused by Ad
verse Winds.
*The Steward of trie Alviso Stole
the Purser's Stamp and
Order- Book.
• t Once Began Ordering «nd Sell-
Ing Goods on Hla Own
Account.
Two more of the fleet of vessels
that have been making long passages
ta San Francisco arrived in port early
yesterday. They were the Laomene,
IPO days from Newcastle, Eng., and
the Primrose Hill, from London.
JCeither of them saw anything of the
long overdue bark Taymount, and the
underwriters have about given her up
for lost.
jl The Laomene met some heavy
■weather during her voyage. She was
caught in a pampero off the River
Platte, and was four weeks getting
anrnnd Cape Horn.
During that time she lost her lower
est event in newspaper enterprise ever
accomplished in California. The edition
consisted of 350.000 copies of eighty pages
each, beautifully Illustrated and replete
with interesting reading matter.
Since coming into the hands of John v.
Spreckels The Call has gradually climbed
the ladder of success until it has become
the leading newspaper on the Pacific
Coast. It is clean, reliable and newsy,
and Is surpassing the other San Fran
cisco dallies. It is essentially a home
paper, which no man need critically scan
before admitting it into the family circle.
— Sonoma News.
BEST EQUIPPED NEWSPAPER-
The New Era Edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, which was issued Sunday, was
a great illustration of the enterprise
and energy which- has marked the
course of that journal under the new
management. The paper was compos
ed of eighty pages, all replete with
interesting and instructive matter.
The Call has moved into its mag
nificent new home on Third and Mar
ket streets, and is now the best equipped
Journal on the coast. The Call has al
ways been accepted as a conservative,
though thoroughly representative paper,
and now that it has every facility to
meet the exhaustive demands of modern
newspaper enterprise, its proud motto.
"The Call Speaks for All." will be recog
nized as a truism all over the Pacific
Coast.— Vallejo New*.
MIRRORS CALIFORNIA'S GLORY.
The Call of San Francisco Issued on the
19th an eighty-page paper to celebrate
the completion and occupancy of its new
home in the magnificent building erected
for it by Claus Spreckels. The occasion
Justified the effort. It is said the issue
will foot up over a quarter-million copies.
Its story of California productions and
clinmto." scenery, schools, farming and
mechanical energies, homes, workshops
and advances in art and science appeals
to State pride in a fashion that cannot
be denied. And to all Americans who
this remarkable paper it must carry
a great deal of pleasure that this young
ster of the Federal family has added so
much to the nation's glory.— Nooksack
(Wash.) Reporter.
A MAGNIFICENT EFFORT.
The Call's New Era Edition Sunday
was a magnificent effort- The eighty
pages were full of good readable
matter, among which was found an arti
cle from Henry Miller, who does not
often pose as a Journalist. The cover
pages contained a fine view of The Call
building in the highest style of litho
graphic art. The paper was profusely il
lustrated with excellent half-tones and
many of the articles descriptive of the
State and Its industries are well worth
preserving for reference. Still, eighty
pages make too much at one time
even if It Is of the best quality.— Gilroy
Gazette.
"IT WAS ALL RIGHT-
The New Era edition of The Call was
all right. The preparation of the num
ber must have entailed a deal of re
search and labor, while the financial ex
pense surely aggregated a modest for
tune The Call has the edge on metro
politan Journalism In California and can
hold it if it will.— Sacramento Sunday
News.
WORTHILY REPRESENTS THE
The Call of Sunday was one of the fin
est papers ever issued on this coast. It
showed what brains, skill and money
combined will <j" ... .. .ne.
It gives evidence that th<-*<- have »-iivated
The Call as far above its old time condi
tion as the magnificent structure which
Is Its home towers above the humble spot
in which it was born and nurtured. Such
a paper worthily represents our splendid
State, and its continuous growth and
success may confidently be' looked for
ward to.— Analy Standard.
BOUND TO BE AT THE HEAD.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call Sunday was a splendid publi
cation. It shows that The Call, under the
new management, is bound to be at the
head- of the newspaper procession. Mr.
Spreckels, the proprietor, should cer
tainly feel proud of the New Era '-ili
tion. That it may mark a truly New
Era In the usefulness and prosperity of
The Call all of its friends will sincerely
hope. San Franclßco should be highly
gratified that The fall is making such
strides In metropolitan newspaper prog
ress.—Santa Rosa Press-Democrat.
HOPE OF THE OCCIDENT.
The New Era Call published Sunday
consisting of 350,000 copies of eighty pages
each, was a marvel even to those who ex
pected much. Its beautiful Illuminated
cover was a revelation in newspaper
foretopsafl, screen boards, band of the
main topmast and backstays; the dead
eye was carried awa; - and other damage
done. From Cape Horn to San Fran
cisco nothing but light baffling winds
were met, and for d;iys the ship did
not log more than twelve knots in the
twenty-four hours.
The Primrose Hill had nothing but
li^ht winds throughout the entire
passage, and Captain Wilson was
wishing yesterday that it had been
more stormy in order that he might
have had a chance to make a better
passage. Captain Wilson its a great
favorite in San Francisco, and a num
ber of his lady friends went out to call
on him as soon as they learned that
the Primrose Hill was in port.
Edward Sacks, late steward on the
steamer Alviso, gave Officer Tom Ellis
a lively chase on the water front yes
terday. He left the steamer some time
ago and took with him the freight
clerk's stamp and order-book. Yes
terday he began operations by bor
rowing $10 from Thompson, the
butcher, and giving an order for meat
to be delivered on board. Thompson
had his suspicions, and soon found out
that Sacks had been discharged from'
the Alviso. When he went back to
the shop later Ellis was awaiting
him. and the steward at once made a
break for liberty. He ran 1 across Mar
ket street to East, and thence to Mis
sion, where he was ca.ight and taken
to the Harbor police station, where he
was booked on six charges of obtain
ing money under false pretenses.
Pawn tickets for plated ware which
he had obtained from W. S. Ray on a
forged order were found on him.
The Harbor Commissioners are to
again consider the subject of establish
ing a free market on the water front.
On the 18th inst they will hold a con
ference with the producers and others
interested in the matter and some con
clusion will be arrived at.
The schooner Volunteer, from Iqulque.
made a very long run up the coast. For '
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
COMMENTS OF THE PRESS
work. Its numerous carefully selected and
well written articles are of infinite value
to the State, and its handsome new dress
throughout was appreciated by its pat
rons.
Domiciled in the most commodious and
elegant home of any newspaper In the
world, backed by good business brains
and that great prerogative to journalis
tic success— practically unlimited means
—a working knowledge of what is re
quired to develop the vast and unrivaled
resources of California and the great Pa
cific Coast, The Call is the hope of the
Occident. May that journal lead in giv
ing the news, clean and able reports, and
force other metropolitan papers to prune
filth from their columns.— Sonoma County
Farmer.
LONG WAVE ITS BANNER.
The San Francisoo Call issued a New
Era edition Sunday morning. It com
memorated In this way its occupation of
the new sixteen-story Call building on
Market street, San Francisco, the tallest
structure on the Pacific Coast. This
numb.'r of The Call is truly a marvel in
typographical excellence, and one of the
largest and b^st editions ever issued by
any of the San Francisco daiiies. As
now managed The rr n \\ is in the fullest
sense a metropolitan journal. Long may
Its banner wave.— Grass Valley Tidings.
ADVERTISES CALIFORNIA.
The San Francisco Call's Christmas edi
tion contains eighty pages of hand
somely illustrated and carefully se
lected reading matter and is a credit to
NOTHING WAS NEGLECTED IN THE NEW ERA EDITION.
The New Era edition of the San Francisco Call has flooded the whole State, and probably the whole of the United
States. Our local Postmaster In this small town received fourteen sacks of Call mail and Fresno 100 sacks, which might
have accounted for the breakdown of the Fresno tratn at Borden last week If it had been going the other way. In an
Immense magazine of eighty pages such as California has never before seen and New York has never equaled, it Is
impossible to refer to everything, but nothing has been neglected. Wo call the sprr-al attention of dwellers In the
Valley to page 4S, which contains a superb article on the work done by and the future of the San Joaquin Valley Rail
road. Postmaster McLaughlin had a photograph, taken by A. R. Moore, showing the interior of the office with bun
dles of Calls piled up in every nook and corner of the spacious place. Mr. Spreckels is not booming San Francisco;
he is working for the whole State, and he has given to the entire world the greatest advertisement ever devised by
the brain of man. We expect to see The Call in every home in tha Valley soon as a purs matter of tit for tat.—San
ger Herald.
Its proprietor, John Spreckels and a great
advertisement of the resources of the
State of California. The Call is building
for Itself a name quite as substantial as
the beautiful structure known as The
Call building, a lithographed reproduc
tion o:' which appears on the cover page
of the mammoth edition.— Ogden Stand
ard.
ESTABLISHES A NEW RECORD.
The San Francisco Call has moved Into
its magnificent new quarters in the Claus
Spreckels building at the corner of Third
and Market streets, and in honor of the
event a New Era Edition of the paper,
consisting of eighty pages, was issued
on Sunday, 350,000 of which were printed,
making by far the largest edition yet
printed by a Pacific Coast Journal.—Liv
ermore Echo.
PROSPERITY'S NEW ERA.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, consisting of eighty pages of
handsome illustrations and Interesting
letter print, is a magnificent specimen of •
Journalistic enterprise, and Is not only a ■■
great credit to that Journal but as well >
to California. It well commemorates
the occupancy by The Call of its splendid
eighteen-story building, and we trust the
new era It has Just entered upon may be
a prosperous one. — Santa Maria Graphic.
■ CANNOT BE SURPASSED.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call Is simply magnificent and can
not be surpassed. Giving as it does full
and reliable information about the re
sources and Industries of our State, It
should be sent broadcast over the land,
as It gives more Information to the
square inch about California than any
other paper we have ever read.—Mon
terey Cypress.
EDITION CfiPS THE CLIMfIX.
The San Francisco Call has moved
Into its magnificent new quarters in the
Claus Spreckels building, at the corner
of Third and Market streets, and in
honor of the event a New Era edition of
the paper, consisting of eighty pages,
was issued on Sunday. 350.000 of which
were printed, making by far the largest
edition yet printed by a Pacific Coast
— Tracey Times.
A GRAND NUMBER.
The New Era edition last Sunday of
the San Francisco Call was a vast com
pilation of facts and figures relative to
various matters pertaining to San Fran
cisco and other parts of the State. It
was a grand number of a great news
paper, and it ought to accomplish much
good in advertising California. — Amador
Record.
AMPLE REASON TO BE PROUD.
The Call is very proud of itself and Its
handsome - new home, and offers to its
readers the finest and biggest holiday
edition that has ever been offered on this
coast. The matter is well written and
the subjects well chosen. The art work
AT ANCHOR IN THE FOG.
The British Ship Primrose Hill came in early yesterday morning and anchored off Alcatraz. When she was
here last she dragged her anchor and came near going ashore not far from where she is lying now.
fourteen days she was off this port,
much to the disgust of the crew, all of
whom were figuring on having their
Christmas dinner ashore. J. C. Daw
Is above the average, way above: and
the typographical appearance Is beyond
criticism.— Santa Cruz Penny Press.
AN UNRIVALED ISSUE.
There was much to admire and praise
in the Christmas Call. It was decidedly
the most artistic of the big papers yet
issued on the coast, and we have not seen
it excelled by the press of any city. The
typographical style of the paper In most
of its features waa excellent, and the pa
per bore evidences of the work of the
skilled craftsman in Its details. In its
pages newspaper illustration reached a
degree of perfection actually undreamed
of even five years ago, and a magazine
would have been quite satisfied with as
goood work ten years ago.— Santa Cruz
Surf.
THE CALL" IS ON TOP.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, issued last Sunday, was a
masterpiece of newspaper work. No
better, neater or more readable paper
was ever issued from a newspaper office
in the West. The Call Is on top. and
promises to stay there.— Denny's Pony
Express.
SHOULD BE SCATTERED BROADCAST.
The San Francisco Call issued a grand
new er:i edition on the lfuh Inst., which
is a credit not only to the enterprising
managers of this great daily but to the
whole State. It Is a magnificent number,
and should be scattered broadcast
through the world, disseminating as it
does valuable information of the re- j
sources and attractions of the State to j
investors. The Call is now Installed in
Its new home in the Spreckels building.
Its make-up and Illustrations are of the
finest. The Call Is rapidly forging ahead
under the new management.— Gilroy Ad
vocate.
THEY ARE BOTH 810 THINOS.
The San Francisco Call mivM into Its
new and palatial quarters at the corner
of Market and Third streets last Satur
day and celebrated the event by issuing
an eighty-page illustrated edition of The
Call. This enormous paper is called the
New Era Edition. It contains the news
of the day and miscellaneous matter that
would requtri- nearly a month to read
with any degree of care. The exterior of
the new building Is of marble, and the
structure Is sixteen storlesi high. It is
named the Claus Spreckels building. The
Call and its building are both big things.
— Pomona Times.
IN THE VAN OF PROGRESS.
The San Francisco Call, which under !ts
new management has taken rank with
the best of metropolitan dailies, now oc
cupies the most magnificent building on
the Pacific Coast. The Call moved Into
Its new home this month and celebrated
this Important step in Its progressive
march by issuing a New Era Edition of j
eighty pages in an illuminated cover of 1
highly artistic design. The class of read- I
ing presented in this number is excellent.
some of the most prominent m<-n of the
country being contributors to Its col
umns.—Orange County Herald.
Its Immense circulation
FINEST IN AMERICA-
Last Sunday's Call was one of the
finest papers ever published In the United
States. The issue was to celebrate the
removal of The Call to new quarters in
the handsome building that has been
erected for it on Market street. The
| paper was all that could be aski-d for In
i a special edition, for It Wiis replete with
i ably written articles, was elegantly il
lustrated and waa a giant in size, cover-
I ing no less than eighty pages.— Oro villa
Register.
FINEST EDITION OF ALL.
The San Francisco Call celebrated the
completion of its new building by getting
out a monster Christmas edition, which
Is perhaps the finest special edition is
sued on this coast. It is brimful of in
teresting stuff of the sort one cares to
; read, and In every way is Indicative of
I the progressive spirit that animates The
Call under its present management.—
Fresno Expositor.
BEST OF CALIFORNIA PAPERS.
The new era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call was the finest specimen of
journalistic work ever got out in Cali
fornia.—Martinez News.
STATES BEST ADVERTISEMENT.
The San Francisco Call of Sunday last
was a splendid edition— a regular triumph
of Journalistic skill. It not only covered
son, a mining engineer, and E. Mar
tinez, the son of a wealthy Chilean
merchant, were passengers on the Vol
unteer. Mr. Dawson is en route to the
the world as a news field, but a com
plete resume of California's Industries is
found In Its columns. It should be scat
tered broadcast over the entire Eastern
States, for It Is the best advertisement
the State has ever had. — Calaveras
Chronicle.
A GRAND ACHIEVEMENT.
The New Era Edition of the San Fran
cisco Call Sunday can be written down as
a grand triumph of Journalistic achieve
ment. It called for the making of an 80
page paper and drew upon the best tal
ent of the designing and picture making
fraternity, and demonstrated what a
great, modern ly equipped office can do in
the daily newspaper line. Its columns
were enriched by the contributions of
well known writers in different fields of
State development, and its Indicators
were all made to point to a new era of
prosperity for California.— Napa Regis
ter.
A GREAT NEWSPAPER.
The largest and most complete edition
of a newspaper ever published on the
Pacific Coast was that of the San Fran
cisco Dally Call of Sunday, December 19.
The paper contained 80 pages and was
published in honor of that journal's re
moval to its handsome new building, the
finest structure for business purposes on
the coast. The Call is a great newspa
per — reliable and clean. — Centralla
("Wash.) Advocate.
CONGRATULATIONS FROM WOODLAND.
The New Era edition of the San Fran-
cisco Call was a magnificent number— in
fact, one of the finest ever issued on the
Coast. It was well filled with advertlß
ing and valuable Information pertaining
to California. The Mail extends con
gratulations.—Woodland Mall.
ITS IMMENSE CIRCULATION.
Last Sunday's Call wai a great paper,
and a copy of this magnificent issue was
sent to every voter in California. It con
tains eighty pages, the two outside pages
being neatly printed in colors, the first
page devoted to a finely executed pic
ture of the new Call building, which of
itself is well worth preserving as a me
mento of the great enterprise.— Los Gatos
Mall.
ENTERPRISE, ABILITY. SKILL
The New Era Edition of the L>aily Call,
issued December 19, was the finest edi
tion of a daily ever printed in California.
Its every page was filled with good, clear,
interesting matter, bearing not a trace
of yellow Journalism, yet exhibiting en
terprise, ability and skill. The Can did
Itself as well as California great honor
by its mammoth production. — Pacific
Coast Wood and Iron.
THE MOST RESPECTABLE PAPER.
The San Francisco Call has gotten Into
its new seventeen-story building, and has
celebrated the event by issuing an edi
tion of 350,000 copies consisting of
eiphty pages besides a finely litho
graphed cover. Illustrations and read
ing matter occupy a space equal to 570
columns. It is the most respectable piece
of journalism ever undertaken on this
coast, and deserves prosperity. — Califor
nia Voice.
THE CfiLL AND ITS HOME.
The Christmas number of The Call was
a fitting tribute to the magnificent build
ing which it dedicated last Saturday
night to the art preservative. Though
the new structure sparkled from dome
to base with twinkling myriads of light
on this occasion, the splendid edition of
Sunday in no way suffers by compari
son. — Oakland Events.
TRULY A GREfIT PfIPER.
The Call's New Era edition last Sun
day wns a great number. It contained
eighty priges, its reading matter being
well selected and Its illustrations pleas-
Ing and well executed. Truly, The Call
is a great paper, and a credit to the
city.— California Wine and Spirit Ga
eette.
STANDS PRE-EMINENT.
The new era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call which was published yesterday
was undoubtedly the best issue of a
California paper ever published. In every
respect— mechanical, literary and artistic
— It is pre-eminent. — Berkeley Gazette.
OCCUPIES THE LEADING POSITION.
The New Era edition of The Call was
a credit to Pacific Coast Journalism. The
paper was replete with valuable sta
Klondike and Mr. Martinez Is here to
perfect his English. Chief Officer Rock
of the Volunteer says that bicycling is
all the rage In Chile. At Iqulque
tistics and the typographical features of
the Journal excellent. The Call is mak
ing rapid strides under its new manage
ment, and to-day occupies the leading
position among the great dailies west of
the Mississippi River.— Cordelia X-Ray.
LONG LIVE THE CALL.
The Sunday issue of The Call was in
deed a great paper. In its size it was
Immense, in Its appearance superb and in
its contents entertaining and instructive.
It is evident that John D. Spreckels is
determined to put and keep The Call in
the very front rank of journalism. He
has provided the paper with a new home
that Is said to be complete In every de
tail, and has supplied all the latest ma
chinery and appliances to make its work
superior in every respect. Long live The
Call.— Santa Rosa Republican.
IT HAS NO RIVALS.
The San Francisco Call celebrates its
removal to Its handsome new building
by issuing an eighty-page paper, replete
with well-written articles descriptive of
the coast country. Tt Is a superb num
ber, and that it will be widely read is
attested by the fact that an edition of
350.000 copies was printed. The Call
Indeed "speaks for all." It has no
rivals.— Fallbrook Observer.
SUPERB IN EVERY RESPECT.
The New Era edition of the San Fran- ■
cisco Call reached us this week, and to I
pay that it was superb and magnificent
in Its make-up and interesting in Its
reading selection would express it
mildly. The Call, under the new manage
ment. Is forging ahead rapidly, and is to
day one of the bpst metropolitan papers
on the Pacific Coast.— Blue Lake Advo
cate.
A FORTY-FIVE-YEAR JOB.
Four sacks of mall arrived at the Mor
gan Hill postofnce last Sunday, contain
ing the New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call. Three hundred and fifty thou
sandl copies were printed, every' voter in
the State receiving one. The postage on
the edition cost more than tfOm. and had
the edition been printed on a hand press
it would have token forty-five years to
do the job.— Morgan Hill Sun.
NEVER EQUALED ON THE COAST.
The New Era Edition of the San Fran
cisco Daily Call, to celebrate its removal
to that beautiful building that towers
like a Cleopatra's Needle above the city
of the Golden Gate, was altogether
worthy of the occasion and of The Call.
It waa certainly the finest edition of a
daily paper that has ever been Issued
on the Pacific Coast.— Stockton Record.
BEST OF FIRST-CLASS PAPERS.
The New Era edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, consisting of rtghty pages,
was certainly one of the greatest papers
ever issued in the West. As a first-class
newspaper The Call ranks with the best
of them.— Cripple Creek Citizen.
CONDUCES TO THE STATE WELFARE.
The Call's New Era edition Is a
triumph In newspaperdom. It is brim
full of good, wholesome reading, and is,
without question, conducive to Cali
fornia's welfare.— Templeton Advance.
ITS OWN BEST PRAISE.
The San Francisco Call eclipses all
former efforts in that line by Its New
Era edition. Eighty pages! And all
good, readable, clean matter. Now, if
The Call will not devote tha next six
PRAISE FROM THE EMPIRE STATE
Buffalo (N. T.) Times.
The San Francisco Call ushered In the Christmas season with a "New
Era Edition" of seventy-eight pages and an illuminated cover. The news
and literary features of this energetic, sprightly Golden State journal are
certainly the best that money and men can command. Typographically this
edition stands unexcelled. But it is the Illuminated cover which deserves
particular attention, "it is a work of art, the frontispiece representing the
beautiful Clans Spreckels building, one of San Francisco's most imposing
structures, while the inside pages in half tones depict various sculptural de
signs with which the building abounds, together with the handsomely fitted
up business and mechanical departments occupied by the publishers of The
Call. On the whole The Call did itself proud on this occasion.
months to crowing over its grand
achievement it will introduce an Innova
tion as creditable as was Us enterprise
In furnishing us with so valuable an edi
tion. — San Leandro Standard.
UNQUESTIONABLY THE LEADER.
The New Era edition of The Call dis
tanced all competitors. The Call is now
unquestionably the leading metropolitan
dally. It has a grand opportunity to in
stitute a new era in journalism.— Fresno
Enterprise.
OVERFLOWING WITH GOOD THINGS.
The Call's New Era Edition of last Sun
day was a masterpiece of journalism,
overflowing with interesting matter,
every page worth reading, and lacking
the usual stale miscellany ordinarily
found in large editions.— Newcastle News.
STUPENDOUS ENTERPRISE.
The New Era Edition of The Call waa
a stupendous stroke of enterprise.—Red
wood City Democrat.
A LEADER IN JOURNALISM.
The New Era Edition of The Call, is
sued on Sunday last, is a magnificent ex
position of the State and its industries,
and is a forcible reminder of the fact
everybody rides a bike and even he
made an attempt. He broke the ma
chine and the repairs cost him $25, so
he will never make the second attempt.
The ship Sterling is alongside the
steamer Belgic, discharging her cargo
of coal. The steamer will take enough
coal aboard to carry her to China. The
Sterling broke the record in her run
from Flattery to port and has also
broken the collier coasting record for
her stay in port. She lay in the
stream seventeen days before begin
ing to discharge.
Henry Peterson has about lost faith
in a nickel in the slot telephone. For
the convenience of the public and also
himself he had one placed In his boat
house. When it was opened yesterday
the telephone man found 76 cents'
worth of beer checks, pennies and
pieces of lead. These Henry had to re
deem with good coin of the country and
now he vows that no one shall use the
instrument unless he or one of his men
sees the nickel deposited in the slot.
The steamer Pomona brought down
from the Glendale mill, in Humboldt
County, a party of fifteen mill hands
yesterday. They all threw up their
Jobs in a body and are now bound for
the Klondike. They will outfit here
and will go north at once. From Dyea
they will make their way across Chil
coot Pass and expect to reach Dawson
early next March. They will take
ample supplies along and will not
hurry while on the way.
AN OFFICIAL VISIT.
F^eturQ Call or) Comroanders of
British Warships Now in
This Port.
By way of a return of the official
visit paid to local military headquar
ters last Monday by Captain Fegen
and Lieutenant Balrd of the British
warships L«ander and Virago respec
tively. Brigadier- General Shafter was
that The Call Is now one «f the leading
Journals of the nation.— Fresno Republi
can.
STANDS WITHOUT A PEER.
The Call's New Era Edition, published
last Sunday, filling fourteen cars and
weighing 229 tons, on which the postage
was J43SO, each paper consisting of eighty
pages, stands without a peer in journal
ism. There were 350,000 copies issued.—
Santa Cruz Sentinel.
HfiS NEVER BEEN SURPASSED.
The San Francisco Call has celebrated
its moving Into its magnificent new home
by issuing an eighty page Christ
mas number. It has never been surpassed
PERFECT ENCYCLOPEDIA.
The San Francisco Call is ont
with an eighty-paga holiday edi
tion that eclipses anything of a
similar nature yet received from
that city. It is a perfect encyclo
podia of useful information.—Bal
lard (Wash.) Union.
In size or excellent* by any holiday Issue
In the country.— San Bernardino Free
Press.
THE PAPER OF SAN FRANCISCO.
The Cnll of Sunday was a masterpiece
of Journalism. It celebrated Its removal
to Its new building with this stupendous
edition, eighty pases, and all good. The
Call, since the going of Shortridge, is the
paper of San Francisco.— Ventura Signal.
BEST JOURNALISTIC SPECIMEN.
The New Era Edition of the San Fran
cisco Call, issued last Sunday, was the
finest specimen of journalistic work evr>r
pot out in California. — Contra Costa
News.
TO LEfJD THE PROCESSION.
The New Bra Edition of The Call was
a magnificent production of newspaper
enterprise. The Call has shaken up the
dry bones In newspaper row of San,
Francisco and bids fair to l^ad the pro
cession. — Sutter County Fanner.
MASTERPIECE OF THE ART.
The New Era Call, issued last Sunday
from Its new building, is an eighty-page
masterpiece of the art of newspaper
making. The Call ranks with the great
journals of the world.— Biggs Notes.
fl TRIUMPH OF JOURNJLI^M
The New Era edition of The San Fran
clbco Call is a triumph of modern jour
nalism am! ;i COlup»c«.« eui..,j. ■-.
the progress and resources of California.
— Oceanslde Blade.
WITHOUT A PEER.
The eighty-page edition of the San
Francisco Call last Sunday was the finest
edition ever Issued in this country, and.
1p in keeping with the superb building to
which The Call removed.— Hueneme
Herald.
HAS HAD NO SUPERIOR.
The San Francisco Call commemorated
its occupancy of the finest newspaper
headquarters in the finest building on
the Pacific Coast by issuing a most mag
nificent new era edition Sunday last In
its broad conception and liberal treatment
of the industries and capabilities of the
Golden Stnte and the completeness of its
news departments the paper has no su
perior either here or elsewhere,— Winters
Express.
CREDIT TO THE STATE.
The San Francisco Call has moved into
its handsome home on Market street, and
in honor of the event issued a mammoth
edition Sunday. It contained eißhtv
pages, brim full of instructive and val
uable matter about the State and its re
sources, also entertaining articles from
the pens of many prominent people. The
paper was certainly a credit to its pro
prietor, the city and the State.— St.
Helena Star.
ECLIPSES ANYTHING BEFORE AT
TEMPTED.
The new era Call Issued on Sunday last
eclipses anything ever before attempted
in this State. It was a superb paper of
seventy-eight pases, with artistically
lithographed covers in colors, and told at
length about the wonderful and diversi
fied resources of this great State. Besides
the large list of subscribers, a copy was
sent to every voter in the State, making
an edition of over 300,000. — Georgetown
Gazette.
to have called upon the British naval
officers yesterday forenoon on their
vessels In the harbor. Unfortunately,
however, the programme had to be
changed somewhat, as indisposition on
the pftrt of General Shafter rendered
It necessary for him to delegate to one
of his aids. Lieutenant Noble, the du
ties of the military social function.
The lieutenant, however, rppresented
his commander In a manner which left
nothing to be desired and upheld the
dignity of his Government In a style
calculated to cultivate the comity of
nations.
The Moana Delayed.
The sailing of the nteamphip Moana
has been postponed from Thursday at 3
In the afternoon to Saturday at 10 in the
evening. The postponement is made ne
cessary by the fact that the English
mails were late in arriving In New York
by the steamer Aurania, and they cannot
get here before Saturday evening at 8:45.
The steamer will sail as soon as the
mails are put aboard.
In the Divorce Courts.
Hattle Lorentzen was granted & divorce
from A. Lorentzen yesterday on the
ground of desertion. Pauline Cohen was
granted her application for a divorce
from her husband, Meyer Cohen. The
plaintiff alleged extreme cruelty as the
cause of action. Annie Hall was granted
a divorce from Lafayette Hall on the
ground of desertion.
Divorce Suits Filed,
Mrs. Jennie "Williams has sued her
huband, William D. Williams, for a di
vorce on the ground of failure to pro
vide. Florence J. Burke has applied for
a divorce from Terrence "W. Burke on th«
ground of cruelty.
Died prom t\\a Injuries.
Howard R. McNleholl, who was run
over and injured by a Mission-street
electric-car at the corner of Mission and
Eleventh streets lost Friday night, died
at an early hour yesterday morning in
Bt. Lukes Hospital. Th« body w*»
taken to the Morsuo.
56
WEDNESDAY JANUARY 5, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson stre«
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week- By mail $6 per year; per month
63 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL One year, by n)Oll. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
Eastern Representative. DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON tD. C. OFFICE Riftfc* House
C. C. CARLTON. Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 339 Hayes street; open until
9:30 o'clock- 621 MoAllister street: open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkin street: open until 9:30 o'clock-
SW. corner Sixteenth ond Mission streets: open until
6 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock
143 N l ntl) street; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
open until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
and Kentucky streets: open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Henrietta."
California— Song and Lecture Recitals, Thursday evening.
Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island."
Alcazar— "The Girl I Left Behind Me."
Morosco'6— "The District Fair."
Tnoll— "Mother Goose."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
Bush— The Thalia Gcrmari-Heorew Opera Company.
The Chutes— Yauce\
Oberou— Cosmopolitan Orchestra.
Injrleside Track— Races today.
AUCTION SALES.
By Sullivan A Doyl«»— Friday, January 7, Horses, at 2918 Mis-
sion street, at 11 o'clock.
BtrKUUp k Co.— M ::day, January 10, Horses, at corner Van
Ness avenue, at 11 o'clock.
FLIPPANCY IN COURT.
JUDGE CAMPBELL recently decided a case
by the flipping of a coin. The matter involved
was the ownership of one silk skirt, value un
known. Here is a way out of troublesome litiga
tion. By it the jurist strengthened his claim to being
a modern Solomon. He might have listened to a lot
of testimony — about half of it perjured — and then
have been as uncertain as to the truth as in the be
ginning. Was he to permit the element of doubt to
cloud his decision? Not much. Judge Campbell
knows that a coin tossed in the air must come down
with one side or the other uppermost. No proposi
tion could be more plain. So he tossed the coin
and the woman who had elected to stake her for
tune on heads won the skirt. Justice was vindi
cated. Suppose that the obverse side of the coin
had appeared and the other woman had secured the
skirt! Then would justice have sneaked from there
downcast and forlorn. But so long as the coins
hold out justice does not have to do anything of the
sort. She can apply to Campbell and get a fair deal
every time.
TAXATION EXEMPTIONS.
IN his address at the annual meeting of the Acad
emy of Sciences on Monday evening Professor
David Starr Jordan of Stanford University is
quoted as having said in effect that with respect to
taxation the constitution of California is the meanest
ever devised by man. Dr. Jordan's complaint is that
the organic law provides for assessing all property
alike and without regard to the purposes for which
it is used. "Xo other State on receiving a gift," he
is reported as savins, "proceeds at once to tax it out
of existence. Other civilized States meet the gen
erous giver half way and double his gift. California
plunders his donation as soon as his back is turned."
Of course we understand that in referring to our
respected system of taxation in this disrespectful
manner Dr. Jordan is taking the Stanford Univer
sity view of the subject. The learned gentleman
cannot intend that his remarks shall have general ap
plication, for to carry his theory into the constitu
tion might upset the finances of many counties in
the State. Indeed, it is not difficult to see that were
Stanford University exempted from taxation a large
hole would be made in the revenues of San Mateo
and Santa Clara counties, to say nothing of the
northern counties in which its endowment is lo
cated. It would be far better for the State to re
turn the taxes collected from that institution than to
take from the counties the power to assess its prop
erty.
Since the adoption of the constitution in 1879 the
advocates of tax exemption have carried several of
their amendments. At present free public libraries
and free museums, growing crops, public schools
and State and municipal parks and buildings are
exempt from taxation. But further than this the
Legislature and people have not been willing to go.
The theory maintained by the constitution is that all
property should be taxed in proportion to its value.
If the law were to establish a long list of exemption!
not only would the orderly administration of local
fnances be interfered with, but the treasuries of
many small countries might be crippled. One of the
strongest arguments imaginable exists in favor of
exempting ships possessing California registers from
taxation. This exemption would benefit rather than
injure the State, yet the Legislature has not been
prevailed on to submit a constitutional amendment
to that effect.
Doubtless it is unjust to tax an institution like the
Stanford University. Indeed, Dr. Jordan would
probably be able to give a thousand reasons why a
. State which does assess such a school should be con
si-imed to one of its own insane asylums. But if the
property of Stanford is to be exempted, where is the
line to be drawn? Other private schools and col
leges will demand a similar privilege, and finally a
proposirion will be broached by the demagogues to
;bofish taxation altogether. We do not know but
this last idea would be indorsed by the people. It is
well 1-nown 'hat the average man no more enjoys
paying taxes than Dr. Jordan enjoys paying them.
The president of Stanford University is a gentle
man of infinite wit. We have great respect for his
learning and ingenuity. He ought to be able to pro
pose a plan for repairing the annual damage done
by the Tax Collector to his university which would
obviate the introduction of more real and personal
property exemptions into the constitution. If he
can do so we may safely promise him the public ap
proval, but further than this it is difficult to go.
Berkeley footpads explain that they recently held
up a citizen in a spirit of jest, using no weapon more
dangerous than a pointed finger. It was a most ex
cellent joke, but the real fun would have come in had
the citizen shot, and under the impression that he
was getting a pair of knaves got a pair of fools in
stead.
TWO- FACED ON ANNEXATION.
OUR neighbor, the Chronicle, should keep its
temper. Anger and logic are not messmates.
Rage and reason are never harnessed to
gether to pull the same load. In discussing annexa
tion from its spleen rather than its brain the Chron
icle discredits the intelligence of its readers. It put
in several years of fine writing to prove that white
men — Anglo-Saxons — cannot survive as laborers on
the plantations of Hawaii. It led in that line a long
list of newspapers in this State and elsewhere. With
all the iridescent egotism of the peacock it repro
duced columns of approving editorials from these
papers, from far Kentucky, cold New England and
the near by towns and cities of California. All this
was when the island planters were experimenting
with white labor by introducing Germans and Scan
dinavians. On that subject the Chronicle printed
volumes to prove that white labor could not endure
on the islands. The hot climate enervated it
It speaks now in a tone of awe and respect of the
Portuguese in Hawaii In its former campaign to
warn white labor away from the islands the Chron
icle said: 'The Portuguese laborers who come from
Fayal and the Cape Verde islanders bring their
wives and children, but they have been brutalized by
a long condition of semi-serfage and are destitute of
that adjunct of Christian civilization called morals."
In that way it accounted for their ability to stand
the climate and physical conditions of the islands,
which were too hard for the Germans, Scandina
vians and Anglo-Saxons.
Now the Chronicle changes its tune and the
change adds to the gayety of nations. In its former
campaign the islands were tropical. Now it de
clares that the vertical sun is unknown in Hawaii.
It must be, then, that Shah Dole and annexation
have given us a new heaven and a new earth. The
islands are wholly within the tropics, unless the
Chronicle has moved them, and the sun is vertical
there in its proper season.
To follow other remarkable statements of the
Chronicle in its choleric advocacy of annexation, it
says: "Whites and negroes are excluded because
they demand fair wages and the suffrage." Annexa
tion "may drive the sugar barons into paying labor
n decent wage and into yielding their despotism in
the local politics of Hawaii to the behests
of a popular majority." "To admit the
citizens of any other country, white or black,
to the suffrage would be to lose those
political privileges in the islands which the sugar
men have monopolized for years to keep their es
tates from being adequately taxed and to provide
offices under the most disgraceful system of nepot
ism which prevails anywhere for their families and
hangers on."
Now when one considers that the Dole revolution
was a planters' conspiracy, as proved by admission
of Minister Stevens and its subsequent history, and
that the sugar barons are its sole supporters, and
under it dominate the local politics of Hawaii, ex
chiding the natives from the ballot box, and that
they tyrannically suppress the popular majority be
cause it is against annexation and permit only 2800
men to vote who have to first take an oath to sup
port annexation, the Chronicle statements perspire
comedy. It would have us believe that Dole and the
planters are seeking to deprive themselves of the
privilege of paying low wages to coolies, of dominat
ing politics, of running a minority government
which suppresses a majority of the people; when
the fact is that Dole and the planters seek annexa
tion as the only means of perpetuating the rule they
have set up, of making sure a profit on their coolie
worked plantations, of depriving the majority of a
voice in Hawaiian politics.
. Dole must have some reason for saying: "I be
lieve the United States will give us separate laws so
that we can get plantation labor." The planters who
solidly support annexation must believe it too. The
President of the United States must believe it when
he says in his message that "peculiar conditions and
the needs of labor" will require — what? Just the
separate laws demanded by Dole.
In the face of all this the Chronicle gets red in the
face and cries out: "No treaty could do more to
emancipate labor than that which proposes to ad
mit Hawaii to the Union. Witness its object; it
aims to extend the humane labor laws of the United
States to a foreign country. It seeks to crush out a
form of slavery and supplant it with freedom."
Don't write nor talk when you are mad, neighbor.
Go seek a cooler head in the wash basin. The dead
and gone treaty does none of these things, and you
will know it when you refrigerate.
If the treaty did this why does Shah Dole talk of
"separate laws" and President McKinley of "pecu
liar conditions and the needs of labor," for which
that document makes no provision?
When lawyers lose a case which they have taken
on a contingent they go down to the tavern and
cuss the court, misrepresent the testimony and ac
quire a jag. Newspapers, which abhor contingents,
should not imitate the bar when they lose a case.
NOT UP TO EXPECTATION.
AT the Monday meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Golden Jubilee celebration it
was announced that collections are not up
to the expectations of the committee. It was there
fore resolved to put forth new efforts in the work.
The finance committee was increased by the addi
tion of several influential citizens and an active can
vass for funds will be made at once.
To impress upon the minds of the business men of
San Francisco the importance of making a triumphal
success of the jubilee it should not be necessary to
iterate and reiterate it. It is well known to every
intelligent man that vast opportunities of profit are
now open to the city, and that if we make San Fran
cisco widely attractive this winter we shall draw to our
manufacturers and our merchants the greater part
of the Alaskan outfitting trade— a trade so large that
no reflecting man estimates its value at less than
many millions.
To bring the great bulk of the new traffic to our
city and our State we must advertise the advantages
they offer. The jubilee will be an advertisement.
It is to serve as introduction to the mining exposi
tion, and by the brilliancy of the one will be judged
the value of the other. The jubilee must be golden,
gorgeous and glorious. Business as well as senti
ment demands it.
The time for raising the money and making the
preparations is short. What is to be done must be
done at once. This is the time to show the true
Californian liberality, vim. vigor and dash. San
Francisco on this occasion is to do the entertaining
for the State and should do it well. The announce
ment that contributions aie not up to expectation is
an evidence of a dormant public spirit somewhere.
We cannot afford to fall below the expectations of
the pioneers, the Native Daughters and the Native
Sons in a matter where State prestige is at stake.
THE SAX FBAXCTSCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JAXUABT 5, 1898.
THE Bulletin's favorite pose is that of a re
former. Only a few days ago it was glorying
in thi fact that in saving the city it had stood
shoulder to shoulder with that magnificent advocate
j ol purity which tinges Mission street with yellow
! and makes of it a hallowed place. That it had wrought
the salvation of the city it made no secret. That it
motives were high and holy it made no attempt to
conceal. Nobody believed it, yet few knew that the
paper thus modestly spreading the knowledge of its
virtue was a daily scoundrel and an evening crime.
Once the Bulletin was respectable. Three ptan
ago it struck the downward path, and ever since its
descent has been by leaps and bounds. Now it has
reached the lowest depths of journalistic degrada
j tion. It is a frightful example of degeneration. For
j its pretense in the matter of giving news it
might perhaps be forgiven, but when it schemes to
swindle merchants and by the methods of the
bunko world induces them to sign contracts the im
port of which is unknown to them, the time for pub
lie protest seems to have arrived.
If the scheme by which it is trying to exact pay
from business men for "advertising" they never
knowingly contracted for is not blackmail, a curious
public would like to know what it is. Nothing
more contemptible was ever known in journalistic
and commercial circles. Caught in the act of fraud,
it hurls epithets at all who refuse to approve of its
course, and threatens those who have the boldness
to resist demands which have no more basis in
equity than the demands of the non-journalistic gar
roter, who, knife in hand, endeavors to collect. The
P.ulletin of to-day is a pitiable example of dishonesty
in journalism.
SACRAMENTO is to be congratulated upon
the spirit which prevails among the members
of her municipal administration. As ex
pressed in the speeches made at the recent gathering
in the ofnee of Mayor Land, it evinces a complete
harmony of sentiment and a purpose to work to
gether for the general welfare of the community.
Mr. Bently, speaking for the Trustees who will
serve for the coming two years, said in the course
of his address to the Mayor: "I desire to extend to
\ou our assurances of confidence and a desire to co
operate with you in harmony, good will and a com
plete understanding in all matters affecting the pub
lic good."
He referred to the existence of rumors that the
board would make exacting demands upon the
Mayor and oppose his policy if the demands were
not granted, and disposed of them by saying: "I
desire to say on my own behalf— and I believe I am
voicing the sentiments of my colleagues— that so far
as placing obstacles in your way by the present
board is concerned, you will find that such rumors
are false and unjustifiable."
If the Mayor and Trustees can firmly maintain
this friendly and helpful attitude toward one an
other the coming two years will be memorable for
municipal progress and improvement in Sacramento.
The people have already attested the existence of a
public sentiment strongly in favor oi profiting by the
opportunities of the new era. This was done first by
the election of Mayor Land and again by the over
whelming vote in the city for the construction of
the Folsom boulevard. Popular support is there
fore assured for an administration of enterprise and
good government.
The new officials have only to go forward in the
way they have begun to accomplish mach for their
city and indirectly for the State at large by setting
an example of what can be achieved when men in
authority work together instead of wrangling over
a division of the spoils and mutually knifing one
another to gratify spite and avenge petty grievances.
The duty of exposing a new style of fake prac
ticed by the Examiner is undertaken this morning.
It had been supposed that this paper had reached the
limit before and would be content with the spread
ing of bogus news and buncombe comment. No
body thought that it would deliberately try to fleece
the public through its business office. It was never
accused of conscience, yet policy should have for
bade. But the Examiner procured a lot of chromos
and in its efforts to work them off on the public
managed to swell its columns with an undetermined
number of fraudulent advertisements. This course
not only misled many who depended upon the ad
vertisements for information, but robbed the
genuine advertisement of its value, thus swindling
in two distinct ways. What the chromo is to art the
Examiner is to journalism. But the natural bond of
sympathy thus created is given an undue importance
when recognition of it takes the form of a confidence
game. The advertiser and the person who scans the
adveitisement in good faith are alike entitled to pro
tection against, such methods.
Undertakers seem to be in distress over the clos
ing of the old City Cemetery. However, there is
no need to expend sympathy in their behalf. They
knew in advance that the law provided for the clos
ing, but took for granted that the law would be ig
nored. Wherein for once precedent misled them.
To attempt to draw a lesson from the circumstance
that a 10 year old boy at Santa Rosa killed his 5
year old sister by shooting is natural, but wholly
useless. To the end of time the boy of this age will
go right on killing his sister. It is a matter of des
tiny, and to fret about it is a waste of effort.
An Oklahoma widow who took poison because
the man she loved had kissed another woman was
strangely illogical. Her natural and proper revenge
would have been to hunt up another man and kiss
him.
The spectacle of a School Director kicking another
so as to render the simple act of sitting down a mat
ter of discomfort does not tend to earn respect for
the board. The members of that body ought to be
encouraged to sit down.
Li Hung Chang is wasting the valuable time he
devotes to protesting against the thieving pro
gramme of the powers. There is no probability
that they went into pirate and highwayman business
with an eye to winning his august approval.
The rumor that Senator Platt intends to resign
is less startling at second glance. It is another
Platt. The New York gentleman is believed to
have entirely outgrown the resignation habit.
While the Kaiser has been doing tTie talking the
listening ear might have caught the sound as of a
saw steadily * work. England seems to be the
owner of ;he saw.
Anyhow Bismarck has ascertained that when his
time has come to die he will make a bigger stir
in the world than many a live statesman.
THE DISGRACED BULLETIN.
THE RIGHT SPIRIT.
GIVE ME THE SEA!
No shore for me !
Give me the sea —
The mad, black swell or
The blue wave flowing ;
The tempest sweep
Athwart the deep —
The gentle kiss of the
Soft airs blowing ;
The close-reefed sail
Curved to the gale,
Or masted high to
The light breeze bending;
Give me the strong,
Full-noted song —
The billow's boom and the
Wind-pipe blending !
No shore for me !
Give me the sea,
When myriad stars in
Night's dome twinkle ;
When from the main
Is heard the strain
Of fairy horn and the
Foam bell's tinkle ;
THE SINS OF CHILDREN SHALL
BE VISITED UPON THE PARENTS.
I believe Clara Fallmer was annoyed. *
She sat in the corner of the lounge, in her sister's manicuring and hair-dress
ing "parlors." There wasn't a particle of animation in her voice or in her face,
which would be rather pleasing if her brown eyes were more frank. Her hair
and her sister's, though arranged in the prevailing simple mode, were evidences
of that sister's skill. In fact, the Interview itself was evidence of Miss Fallmer'a
ability. \::i:V:l
"Your mother tells me." I said to Clara Fallmer, "that you don't intend to go
back to Alameda. What are your plans?" "Clara will stay here with me and
will learn my trade," answered the elder sister, composedly, "after she returns
from the country # where I shall send her."
"Then there's nothing in the story of your going on the stage?" I went on,
addressing the younger girl, who kept the position in which I had found her, as
though she had been posed and knew the effectiveness of that pose.
Both young women laughed at this, right merrily.
"I suppose," said Miss Falmer genially, "they printed that because it seems
to be the first thing anyone does after gaining notoriety. But Clara has received ;
no such letter, and has no such intention."
"Your staying away from Aiameda has nothing to do with Mrs. La Due's
threat?" ' • ».
"OhV no," answered Miss Fallirer. deprecatingly. "But. really, you know, I'd
rather Clara wouldn't s«y anything about Mrs. La Due. Our attorneys have ad
vised us not to talk," she went on largely. "We are sorry for Mrs. La Due, Clara j
and I. of course." . • . ; •
'• Of course. . The only difficulty in accepting that sorrow as sincere lay in
Clara Fallmer's Indifferent pose and placid. face.
"You were going to school when this happened?"
' "No," answered Clara Fallmer. "I wasn't going to school."
Her voice was quite toneless. It wasn't the hard, suppressed vole« that tells
of strong emotion, but the insipid tone in which a child speak* who is repeating
a lesson by rote.
If Clara Fallmer has been posed, she is a trifle too docile a pupil. Her lack
of Interest— one doesn't expect feeling— is rather likely to impress one disagree
ably.
"Had you left 'school long before?" I asked her.
"Now," said Miss Fallmer softly. v "I don't think Clara ought to be questioned
about what'B past. It hurts her terribly. She cries and worries over it, and " i
And . I rose to go, looking apprehensively at the calm, complacent young girl
In the corner, whose tranquillity I might have disturbed. She has borne her trials
so well that. If it had not been for her elder sister's assurance, one might have i
doubted the excess of., emotion that probably fills her tender heart.
■ Miss ' Fallmer showed me out with that ease which the business woman ac
quires.- She is interesting, for she is Clara Fallmer matured; c trifle more viva
cious than the phlegmatic heroine of Alameda's unpleasant story will ever be. But
should Clara Fallmer adopt "artistic hairdressing, latest effects," as Miss Fall
mer's business card hath it, she will become just such a self-possessed youns?
woman and as' ready in speech as her senior.
The succession of tragedies which have made up these grrls' lives has not i
affected them.- Miss Fallmer spoke easily of her youngest sister, "who i 3 visitlne
friends in the country, because my mother's health is poor and she is also of un
sound mjnd."  .
It would be a marvel If that mother's health were not poor, and she mi jr at well I
be of unsound mind, such stress of sorrow and suffering has been hers She looks* :
a frail, poor, hard-working German woman, though an ordinary visitor does not '
discover her insanity. It is she upon whom the accumulated afflictions of i
this distressing family fall most severely. One wonders, watching this troubled '
mild-eyed mother, who points from photograph to photograph in her poor little :
home, and plteously t*ls each painful biography, why In. the world such children
should have been this mother's portion. They have all gone from the home nest
save one now, and Mrs. Fallmer herself would go, too. if she could " UIUtJ neot
The pity of the story is in this timid, weak, simple-minded mother's sufferinsr
Clara Fallmer will come out of it all without a mark. Her soul is not ««o sen" I
tive as her skin, which retains the scar the bullet made that entered her left lunc
And Mrs. La Due, wise Mrs. La Due. who closes her lipj. aetermlnedlv and*
shaken her head with its short, black hair, as she refuses to be Irterv ewed w m
come to think more resignedly of the loss of that son who made Clara FniimVr
brutal a lover Mrs. La Due probably said more • than : she meant when in a
moment of wrath, she vowed to be revenged. meant when, in a
"It cannot bring her boy back." says Mrs. Fallmer. while in a voice whos«
■ympathy none can doubt.. she expresses her sorrow for. the other mother °
And so It Is upon one weak woman who looks old enough to be Clara Fallmer'K
grandmother, that the full weight of tho tragedy is thrown. She works about
her poor little place, but she is in constant dread lest Mrs. La Due will carry out
I may be mistaken in Mrs. La Due I judge her only from a moment'" con
versation in that neat little restaurant of hers. But she impresses me -i* a woman
with a heart as well as a will. She could not see Clara^Slmera Mother ™ffer
daughter wal * and nOt be mOre mel " CifUl tO this' poor woman than her o^
No one takes Mrs. La Due's threat seriously, not even herself T imarine- but
I d lenOrant frail old woman h thls to l> «* r in addltfo™ to a lTad afready
■ • MIRIAM MICHELSON.: -k
When down the west .
From Luna's crest
The radiant beams the
Waters brighten ;
Or mirrored free,
Shows in the sea
The slender blade of a
Warrior triton.
No shore for me !
Give me the sea —
The lee-cathead awash in
The surges ;
When swifter, shroud
And stay twang loud —
Like harp strings taut — the
Dead men's dirges.
No grass-clad grave !
Give me the wave
When life with its calms
And storms is ended ;
Oh, then give me
The eternal sea —
The sea with its calms and
Tempests blended.
TOM GREGORY.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
HETTY GREEX-M. M. A., Yeringtnn,
\*ev A letter addressed to Mrs. Hetty
Green. New York City, N. V., will reach
that lady.
THE CASPAR- K. N . City. The steam"
schooner Caspar was wrecked off Saun
ders Reef, near Point Arena, at 12:20 a.
m., October 20, 1897.
THE SHIP DREADNOUGHT-J. H.
T., Vallejo, Cal. The ship Dreadnought
was lost off <"ape Penas, Island of Terra
del Fuego, July 4. ISG9.
POSTOFFICE BUILDING— A- J. P..
Steni, Cal. The picture of the Postoffice
building that will be erected in San Fran
cisco was published in the issue of Ine
Call of the lrth of May, VBSfL
CENTURY— G. and others. City. The
answer to several questions in regard
to the next century appears in the
Answers to Correspondents on Friuay,
December 31, 1897.
INDEX PROHIBITORUM-S., City.
Want of space inhibits this department
from giving the desired information
about the Index Prohibitorum. You can
consult a copvof this at the Free Pub
lic Library, reference room.
BORN ABROAD— W. B. S.. City. The
children of persons duly naturalized, be
ing under 20 years of age at the time
of the naturalization of the parents,
shall, if dwelling in the United States, be
considered as citizens thereof.
WAR VESSELS— X. N., City. Italy has
larger war vessels than Great Britain.
For instance, one of the largest of the
Italian fleet is the Italia, 15,000 tons dis
•r.e-nt. length 400 feet, breadth 74.
depth 31, horsepower 18,000. One of the
largest of the British navy is the Royal
Oak, 14.150 tons displacement, 3SO feet
lons, breadth 75, depth 75, horsepower
Me KIN-LEY'S CABINET— A. S.. South
San Francisco, Cal. The members of Me-
Kinley's Cabinet are: Secretary of the
Treasury, Lyman J. Gage; Secretary of
State. John Sherman; Attorney-General.
Joseph McKenna; Secretary of the
Navy. John D. Long: Postmaster-Gen
erjl. James a. Gary Secretary of the In- -_
terior. Cornelius N. Bliss; Secretary of 7
Agriculture. James 'Wilson, and Secre
tary of War, Russell A. Alger.
PRESCOTT. ARIZ.-W. T. C. City. The
altitude of Prcstott, Ariz., is 5388 feet.
According- to the records kept, the maxi
mum temperature was July 20 and 30, 1876,
when it reached 103. The minimum was
Christmas, 1879. when it was IS deerreos
below zero. The mean annual tempera
ture for thirteen years was 53 3-10. In
the mountains of Northern Arizona the
snowfall sometimes reaches four or five
feet, and on some of the lofty peaks it
remains until midsummer.
GOOD WORDS FOR BARRY.
San Francisco, Jan. 4, 1398.
Editor San Francisco Call: Recognizing
your motto, "The Call speaks for all," I
claim a small space in your valuable
journal. It is understood that Governor
Budd is now deliberating upon the ap
pointment of a successor to the lamented
Dr. Stanton on the Railroad Commission.
Among- the names suggested is that of
James H. Barry of the Star newspaper.
His friends, and their name is legion, be
lieve Mr. Barry would be, of all men, the
"right man in the right place" in the po
sition named, lie is a man of approved
integrity, undoubted ability, and has
made a study of the railroad question.
Notwithstanding- his fierce zeal in the
cause of the people, all who know the
man must be satisfied he would do in
justice to none as a public officer. Even
the corporations respect such a. man. If
chosen by Guvernor Budd Mr. Barry
would address himself with indomitable
energy to the work of carrying out the
watchword of Jefferson: "Equal rights
to all: special privileges to none."
The friends of Mr. Barry do not claim
that he is a goody-goody man, after the
style and manner of the many nonenti
ties in public life, whose proudest boast
is that they have no enemies. Barry is
a live man; earnest, active and aggres
sive for what he honestly believes to be
true and right. He does not think great
battles can be won with kid gloves and
rose water. Judging the future by the
past, it is safe to say that if James H
Barry is appointed the people of Califor
nia, irrespective of party, will have an
active, able, fearless and faithful guard-1
ian of their rights and interests.
CITIZEN.
Cal. glace fruit 50c perlb at Townsend's.*
Genuine eyeglasses, specs, 15c pair. 33
Fourth St.; open Sundays till 2p. m. •
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
The ajred Johann Strauss recently ap
peared as an orchestral conductor in Vi
enna, after a long absence from the pub
lic view. He conducted in the Musick
vereinssaale a performance of his newest
waltz, "On the Elbe."
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup "
Has been used over fifty years by millions of
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, softer.3
the gums, allays Pain, cures Wind Co'.ic, reg
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy for
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething or
other causes. For sale by Druggists in every
part of the world. Be sure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 2Lc a bottle.
CORONADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry.
soft and mild, being entirely free from the
mists common further north. Round trip
tickets, by steamship, including fifteen daya'
board at the Hotel del Coronado, $65: longer
stay, $2 r.O per day. Apply 4 New Montgomery
street, San Francisco, or A. W. Bailey, mana
ger. Hotel del Coronadc, late of Hotel Colo
rado, Gienwood Springs. Colorado.
Luxuriant hair with its youthful color assured
by using- Parker's Hair Balsam.
Hisdekcokns, the best cure for corns.
Ex-Senator T. C. Pnwer of Montana
who is in "Washington for the purpose of
attending:- a meeting of the executive
committee of the Monetary Commission,
boasts that Montana has 200,000 inhabi
tants, and exports $75,000,000 worth of
products annually. Jy
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
coughs and colds; 10c. 417 Sansome st. •
"So Gwendolyn is not to marry the
Count, after all?"
"Xo, poor man. He tried to tell her
that her singing was something that
made one glad to live, and his pronuncia
tion was so broken that she thought he
said it made one glad to leave. And then
she requested him to leave. — Indianapolis
Journal.
NEW TO-DAY.
Scott's Emulsion is not a
"baby food," but is a most
excellent food for babies
who are not well nourished.
A part of a teaspoonful
mixed in milk and given
every three or four hours,
will give the most happy
results.
The cod-liver oil with the
hypophosphites added, as in
this palatable emulsion, not
only to feeds the child, but
also regulates its digestive
functions. ■**
Ask your doctor about this.
Joe. and $1.00 ; all druggists.
SCOTT & BOWNE, Chemists. New York.SWINDLING
THAT WORKS
BOTH WAYS
Being a New Phase of
Yellow Journal
Faking.
Examiner Padded With
Bogus Advertising and
Caught at It.
People Deluded Into Chasing
Phantom Situations and
Rooms Not for Rent.
THE PASSION FOR CHROMOS
Contemptible Scheme to Victimize the
Innocent, Cause Annoyance and
Boom Bad Art.
The Examiner has enlarged the
Ecnpe of its fake department so a? to
embrace a portion of its advertising
pages. Its "want ads." have been
corrupted. Now, among the genuine
are scattered a lot of bogus. This cir
cumstance works a double wrong. If
a man desires to buy a horse and cart,
and, seeing one advertised, poos to the
address only to find that nobody there
has advertised, nor has such articles
for sale, he loses faith in the Integrity
of the rest of the advertisements, al
though some of them may set forth
a real ambition to dispose of a real
horse and cart. On the other hand
th> bogus advertisement is & gross
imposition upon th>' man with |
thing to sell. What shall it profit him
to sandwich his announcement be
tween two fraudulent announcements
which are apt to spread the blight of
their pretense over his own
faith? ll<rc is a thought for the per
son who has an advertisement Inserted
in th'^ Examiner, as well a^ for the one
who reads the advertisement, to pon
der.
Fake news in the Examiner is no
novelty. A cablegram from the Em
peror of China, coming with such •
speed that, as a scientific proposition,
it must have arrived before it started;
a message of Salisbury outlining se- !
crets of policy carefully hidden from
the English nation; the Cisneros nov
elette; the phantom charity inspiring
a baseball tournament — all these were
fakes, and never seriously regarded :
as being otherwise. But the adver- |
tlsement, believed to be secure from !
the assaults of yellow journalism, had
Its fair fame besmirched. It has been J
luYed into the Examiner and its repu- j
tation so endangered that the only
salvation is for it to get into better
company. Why should a woman de- I
clare she wanted roomers, having no j
rooms to rent? Why should a man j
seek a situation, already having a
good one? Alas! the virtue of the
"want ad." has been sapped by the
Examiner and the chromo.
The paper made known the evil in
tent of giving a chromo to every one
bringing a "want ad." Many desind
a chromo either to keep or bestow
upon an enemy. Wherefore they
flocked to the Examiner, declaring the
eligibility of rooming apartments
which had no existence, offered for
pale things they never had and gave
as addresses numbers where they were
strangers. Thus yellow journalism
succeeded in leading astray first the
advertiser, second the reader of the
advertisement had no means of know
ing the snare set for his feet. Happi
ness reigned in the office of art and
artfulness, the want ads. stretched to
pleasing length and there was rid
dance of the chromos. To interfere
with that happiness now appears to
be a duty. As to the full extent that
the passion for chromos has vitiated
the standing of the Examiner "want
ad." generally there is only one way
to find out. A few samples may be
cited, however, and doubtless more
than one leg- weary mortal could ex
tend the list.
Here Is one:
PIANO for sale cheap on account of departure
for the Bast. 2262 Franklin St.
The house mentioned is vacant and |
for rent.
This is not a bad stroke and Is I
•worth a large chromo of varied tints: ]
1915 WEBSTER— 2 or 3 handsomely furnished !
rooms; housekeeping; use of bath; kitchen.
Ex-Mayor Ellert, who lives at this
number, does not deny that it has
handsomely furnished rooms, but .they
are used for family purposes and are j
. not for rent. Mr. EUert is inclined
; to regard the matter as a joke, know
: Ing that no advertisement was Insert
ed by any one having a right to do
so. He is amused by the people who
confidently, call to inspect the apart
ments, but courteously refuses the best
offers they can make. Whether the i
callers extract much hilarity from the
affair dcre3 not appear, but the Exami
ner extracted the price of the ad., and
somebody extracted a chromo. Yester
day two ladies were surprised to find
that the Ellert kitchen and bathroom
were regarded as private. Then they
bethought them that perhaps the peo
ple next door had advertised, but in
quiry proved this not to be the case.
In an entirely pleasant way the El
lerts would like it understood that
they are not renting rooms.
FOR Lodging-house, 40 rooms; rent
cheap; reason for Belling, falling health. Ap
ply 822 Post st.
. The peculiarity of this is that the
bouse is not for sale, that there is no
NEW TO-DAY.
ROUGH
HANDS
Itching, icoly, Meed palms, ehapclcßS nails,
and painful linger ends, pimple*, blackhead*,
oily, mothy skin, dry, thin, nnd falliDg hair, ltch-
Ing, tcaljr ecalps, all yield quickly to warm baths
with Cuticuiu ' 8oai», ond gentle anointings
with Outiccba (ointment), tho great ekia cure.
(tjticura
U M>!d throughout the rcrli. PottM Dboo Aim CssM.
Comr., Hole froi* n,,.t,,,i. v
OW" " Bow to I'roduce Soft. White nandf," free.'
ITCHING HUMORS In ' tlinftT t»ti*tm by
iluniliu nUniUaa ccticvjuiui«ou<.
failing health, and that the landlady,
Mrs. Thomas, has no intention of mov
ing, as she has been for years in the
place and has prospered, holding pos
session by the terms of a long lease.
An advertisement of rooms at 1100
Sacramento was also ascertained to
be a fako. The people living there
not only do not rent rooms and have
none to rent, but have been much an
noyed by applicants brought thither
by the Examiner's promise of "a fine
marine view."
There is a pathetic side to. the mat
ter. When a person out of employ
ment and anxiously seeking It notices
an advertisement which seems to
promise a chance to work it may
easily happen that to reach the place
involves an expenditure of money
money naturally being scaree — or a
long and dreary tramp. To find at the
end of th«j joiiraey that the destina
tion is a vacant lot or a house where
nothing is offered one is dishearten
j ing. One girl who has had many ex
| periences, all of them due to the Ex
aminer, told yesterday a measure of
; her troubles. Seeking work as a do
mestic she had gone to 1621 Leaven
worth street. There she was told that
th" people had not advertised and that
' they had been "pestered to death" by
I applicants. At 715 Ellis this was dupli
i cated. and again at the Strauss house
!at the corner of Post and Leaven
worth, and was continued on Hyde,
Fillmore. Sutter and Post. A number
on California was entirely fictitious.
One in the Western Addition was im
aginary, but would have fallen in a
vacant lot. So, disheartened and foot
1 sore, she returned from a vain search
day after day. This girl's sister could
I tell even a more trying series of dis-
I appointments, but yesterday was out,
probably adding to them.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS.
Baron yon Schroeder is at the Palace.
F. A. Lyon of Sacramento Is at the
Baldwin.
Henry Cloete, a London banker, is at
the California.
A. L. Doll, a prominent New Yorker, is
at the Baldwin.
Ed 8. Cove, a large business man of
Chicago, is at the Baldwin.
John \V. Hare, the Redding mining
man. is a guest at the Grand.
H. W. Bordwoll, an orange grower of
Riverside, is staying at the Russ.
J. C. Tolman, a returned Klondiker, of
Portland, Or., is a guest at the Grand.
John Kcrnell, the comedian, who has
been playing at tho Orpheum. left the
Ualdwin even
ing. bound for his
home in New
York.
\ A few years ago
. there was none so
popular with the
' lovers of fun and
THE PACE
TOO FAST
humor as John's
brother, Harry Keraell. who used to de
light metropolitan audiences with his wit
and versatility. Rut he was a good fel
low off the boards as well as on and his
love of conviviality soon led to paresis
and death.
The younger brother, John, also, took
to the stage and soon displayed talents
whi< h promised him a high pVkce in his
profession. But the same drop of bo
hemian blood which rioted through the
v. ins of his brother coursed through his
and though he was hooked for a long run
at the Orpheum he canceled his engage
ment after a few performances and re
mained at the Baldwin, having a good
time until last night, when he took the
advice of his friends and left for his
home.
H. If. I,a Rue, the Sacramento Rail
road Commissioner, is at the Occidental.
Mrs. Simpson of Stockton is at the
Occidental. She Js accompanied by her
son.
J. L,. Stickney, a popular club man of
N*w York, arrived at the Palace last
night.
J. E. Brooke Ridley and wife have
taken rooms at the California for the
winter.
I>r. X. P. Duncan, a prominent phypl
eian of Hanford, is registered at the Oc
cidental.
J. M. William?, a wealthy rancher of
Oroville, is stopping at the Russ for a
few days.
F. Flnnell and wife are at the Occiden
tal. Mr. Finnell is a large stock raiser
of Richfield.
G. McM. P*oss, a large mine-owner of
Copperopolis, is making a short stay at
the Occidental.
Rev. W. H. Brewer has come up from
his home in San Mateo and is staying at
the Occidental.
A fair idea of the feeling among the
better class of Japanese on the attitude
of th« powers In
the East can b«
obtained from a
conversation with
the party of foui
now staying nt th<
Occl dental, en
ORIENTAL
MERCHANTS
* f *** ff¥TT route ' from New
York and Europ*
to their homes across the sea. The party
consists^ of K. Salonjl, manager of the
First Bank (Limited) of Tokio, and K.
Inagaki. K. Teuda and N. Nagal, mer
chants managing businesses which have
connections in the United States, Eng
land and Continental Europe.
All four of the gentlemen belong to the
hest class of Japanese, are well informed
on all the news of the day and express
themselves equally wr-ll in French, Eng
lish and their own language.
When questioned on the situation in the
Orient Mr. Inagaki, the oldest of the
party, smiled and said: "I know no more
of the situation than you do. Though
there has been considerable talk. I ap
prehend no trouble with any of the pow
ers unless possibly Russia.
"Should we become involved in war
with that country we have but little to
lose commercially, as about the only arti
cle of any Importance we get from there
Is the oil which comes from Batoum, a
port on the Black Sea, near Odessa.
"As for the honors of conflict— well, Ja
pan is not looking for trouble, but If It
is forced upon us we will have to take
it."
Commander E. H. C. Seutze, U. S. N.,
arrived in the city last night and went
to the Palace. Commander Seutze has
come out to the coast to take command
of the Alert, which will shortly proceed
to Guatemala.
Mrs. Annie Kline Rickert Is at the
Grand. Mrs. Rickert is down here on
business connected with the road she Is
building from Stockton to Summerville,
Tuolumne County. The road, which will
be sixty miles in length, tapping in its
course all the rich mining country In
that vicinity. Is expected to cost in the
neighborhood of $700,000, Mrs. Maggie
Dowlng Bayard and Mrs. Hanna B. Lane
accompany Mrs. Rickert. The party will
remain in the city until Thursday.
CALIFORNIANS IN WASHINGTON.
WASHINGTON*. Jan. 4.— Judge Ma
gruire, Mrs. Maguire and two eons re
turned from New York to-night. They
arc nt the Ulggs House and may remain
at this hotel for the session of Congress. !
Con pressman Loud has returned from a j
visit to Massachusetts. He has taken a ,
house at 81*5 Eighteenth street for the j
winter. Mrs. Loud and Miss Loud are j
with him. Major "White and family have i
removed from the Normandle Hotel to
1411 X street Northwest, where they will
reslfle this winter. C. L. Van Busklrk of
California is registered at the Vendome, ;
and T. T. Gage of California Is at the
Normandle. _ _
One Dose Will Stop a Cough.
Dr Parker's Coogh Cure never falls;
try it; prtce 26c. For sale by all drug
gists. *
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
THE STEVENSON BLOCK AS IT WILL APPEAR WHEN RECONSTRUCTED
The historic Stevenson block on the southwest corner of Montgomery and California Btreets, which was recently bought by General Thomas J.
Clunlp, Is to be remodeled, reconstructed and transformed into a building of modern features and up-to-date conveniences. The accompanying sketch made
from drawings by the architects, Curlett & McCaw, shows the structure as it will appear when reconstructed. The main entrance to the block, as it now
stands, is on Montgomery street. According to the plans for the reconstructed edifice the chief entrance will be from California street, on which the build
ing has a frontage of 130 feet. The Montgomery-street frontage is sixty feet. The present height of the building will be increased by the addition of a
Mansard-roof story and an ornamental tower. An inner section will be cut out to freely admit light and air. The interior equipment will consist of
swift-running elevators and electric lighting service. A large hallway on each floor will give access to seventy-two office rooms. The building which Is
to be converted into an office block was originally designed for hotel uses and was conducted as a hotel for many years. General Clunle understands
that the block was named in honor of Colonel J. D. Stevenson, but some of the pioneers are not positive on that point.
SOLEDAD
COLONY
LAUNCHED
Baptizing the Salva
tion Town for
Home-Makers.
Commander Booth-Tuck
er Christens the Set
tlement Romie.
Introduction of the Colonists
to an Enthusiastic
Assemblage.
LARGE CONTRIBUTIONS.
Earnest Letters of Congratulation and
Sympathy Received From Many
Prominent Citizens.
"Romie" is the name of the new
j communal bantling organized under
COMMANDER BOOTH-TUCKER in His Address Formally
Launching the Salvation Army Colony at Solcdad,
the auspices of the Salvation Army
and christened by Commander Booth-
Tucker last night midst the acclaims
of an enthusiastic audience that pack
ed Golden Gate Hall.
The scheme is a noble one. It is
the second step in the United States
In the direction of ameliorating the
congestion of city populations by af
fording willing hearts and honest
hands an opportunity to build family
homes in the country, and thus con
tribute materially to a solution of the
prfblems of pauperism and poverty.
The wort is accomplished by means
of Incorporation, under the leadership
of the Booth! and the co-operation of
the Salvation Army. It is a perfect de
sign of practical Christianity. In the
COM of Komie the incorporation is for
$100,000, under the management of five
trustees, who are empowered to issue
trust certificates. To equip 200 families
each with ten acres of improved land
it is estimated that not less than an ex
penditure of $50,000 will be required.
A part of this mm will be repre
sented by contributions from generous
sympathizers; it is the aim to raise
the residue in loans covering a period
of ten years, at a percentage ranging
between 3 and 6 per cent, at the option
of the lender. The trust certificates
serve as first security on the loans,
which are otherwise abundantly se
cured in the improvements and the
values of the townstte to be developed.
It is an entirely businesslike trans
action, in which the leaders of the Sal
vation Army organisation merely serve
as promoters or negotiators to procure
funds necessary for the holding in the
country of home.s by honest people
who are cramped, confined and desti
tute in the city for want of a chance
to make of themselves productive, suc
cessful and useful citizens. They sim
ply pledge their labor and the improve
ments accruing from it for the redemp
tion of the humane benefaction granted
them.
The Booths tri.xl their first experi
ment in this line of rational philan
thropy in Colorado, and selected Cali
fornia as the scene of their second de
parture. Last night the formal in
uufrural of the project occurred, and
those who attended out of curiosity, as
well as the Interested participants, left
the scene with wanner feelings for
their kind and a fair conception of the
possible benefits of benevolence that is
genuinely practical.
Among the vice-presidents congre
gated on the crowded stage were: L.
R. Eliert, Rev. <t. Adams. D. P., Hush
Craip, P. N. LtUenthal, K. A. Selfrldge,
Thomas Magee, E. J. PePue, George E.
Butler, F. A. Hihn, H. H. Sherwood,
William M. Bunker, C. T. Romie, (i. S.
Montgomery, J. Perruult, John Taylor,
P. Crowley, Will S. Creen. Wakefleld
Baker. Daniel Meyer, H. W. Weinstock.
,Teps« D. Carr, D. L. West over. Rev. J.
Hemphill. D. D., Moses Samuel, Lip
man Sachs, Hugo D. Keil and I. J.
Truman.
Rev. J. Voorsanger. chairman of the
evening, after the Salvation Army
quartet had rendered "We Are Bound
for the Land." described the coloniz
ing movement as one not in any sense
socialistic in its nature, as some erro
neously presume, but as a practical
plan for the bringing of people together
In such communal relations, founded
on self-help, as will remove both the
alms giver and alma taker from the
economic problems of the day. Neither
is It a, charitable movement, he said,
but one designated to afford opportun
ity to wlllinff men with families to ex
emplify the fact that every American
citizen desires to be free by working
for himself by his own hands and lips.
It is the chance for men to win back
their manhood and transmit it to their
own posterity as the wisest gift they
can bestow. The speaker was greeted
with a perfect tempest of applause
when he dwelt upon "the remarkable
fact" as an Indication of the spirit of
the times, anent the pauper and
poverty problems of the cities, that a
Jewish rabbi should preside over and
address such an assemblage, feeling in
perfei t sympathy and accord with its
purposes. He concluded by commend
ing the movement highly, and then
introduced Commander Booth-Tucker,
who went into comprehensive detail
as to the splendid practical nature of
the project.
CLEVER BURGLARS
IN THE TANKS
Frank Murphy and His Pal
Are Safely Stowed
Away.
Supposed to Be the Mission Terrors,
Who Were Hard to
Capture.
It is now thought by the police that
they have the Mission burglars, or ter
rors, as they have been termed, safely
stowed away in the tanks. Last even
ing Detectives Bee and Harper ar
rested two men In the Mission, one of
them proving to be Frank Murphy,
who h^s been long wanted by the po
lice. For days past the detectives have
been closely watching several parties
in that district, and last evening the
llrst capture was made.
The arrested parties emphatically
deny that they are implicated in the
Mission burglaries, but nevertheless
they were secretly, or supposedly so,
put on the detention book at the City
Prison.
PERSONAL MENTION.
Arthur Spiers, a business man of New
York, Is staying at the Palace.
O. F. Burnett, a business man of New
York, is staying at the Baldwin.
Rev. J. D. McDonald, a Catholic priest
of^Saeramento, is at the California.
The last sentence, though accompanied
with a charming smile and a deprecatory
shrug of the shoulders somewhat reminded
one of the bibulous individual who ac
costed the casual stranger and remarked:
"Say. young feller, I ain't a doln' nuthln'
t'no one, an' I don't want no one ter do
nuthin ter me; but I don't like d* way
yer lookin" at me. Seel"'
Miss Richards of Honolulu has re
turned from the East and is registered
at the Occidental.
Charles L. Schlefflln, a business man
of Los Anpeles, Is staying at the Bald
win with his wife.
V. C. Wells, a prominent Chicagoan. Is
at the Palace. He is accompanied by his
wife and daughter.
H. C. Perkins, a capitalist of New York.
Is out on a vlisit to the coast. He is reg
istered at the Palace.
Dr. A. E. Osborn, Superintendent of the
Home of Feeble Minded Children at El
drtdge. is at the Grand. —
M. L. Dlckson, the big lumberman of
Eureka. Is in the city for a few days. He
has taken rooms at the Russ.
Mark McDonald, the son of the Santa
Rosa capitalist, enme to the city yester
day and put up at the Occidental.
Profe?sor David Starr Jordan came up
from Palo Alto Monday and registered
at the Occidental. He returned home yes
terday.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-The Presidents
favorite ntore, M1.«3 Mabel McKlnley,
daughter of Mr. and Mm. Ahner McKJn
lcy, has for her guest at the Windsor Ho
tel Miss McKenna. daughter of Attor
ney-General McKenna. V. Swanson of
Lob Angeles is Jn the. city. Orlando
Jones and L. V. Bell, the horsemen, will
CASTORIA
For Infanta and Children.
■. - , . t . . •
Tk« tit- >*& stir* „ m - •& «
tails /y S/Vst „"" •««
start on a pleasure trip to San Francisco
Saturday. B. C, Kingsbury of Spokane,
one of the largest mining operators in
the Northwest, is at the Fifth-avenue
Hotel. He says Spokane is a starting
point for overland miners going to
Alaska and its merchants are kept busy.
George Charles Miller's Will.
The lnst will of George Charles Miller
was Bfed for probate yesterday. The
testator bequeathed in remembrance to
William Miller, now residing at the Kua
motu Islands, a gold family seal, and to
Joseph Miller of Tahiti a gold pen and
prncilholder. The residue of the estate,
which consists of personal property val
ued at $300, is bequeathed a granddaugh
ter of the decedent, Marie Mercedes Fey
zeau. who is at present residing in
Meaux, near Paris. France.
Elected a Presiding Judge.
Judpe Belcher was yesterday chosen
presiding Jud^e of the Superior Court for
the ensuing year. The twelve Judges of
the Superior Court met In Judge
Soawell's chambers for the purpose of
electing' a head, and in a very short time
Judge Belcher was elected to the honor.
NEW TO-DAY.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL CONBULT
DOCTOR SWEANY.
If you are suffering from the results of
indiscretions of youth, or from excesses
of any kind in maturer years; or if you
have Shrunken Organs, Lame Back, Va-
rlcocele, Rupture, exhaustive drains,
etc., you should waste no time, but con-
sult, this Great Specialist; he speedily
and permanently cures all diseases of
Men Women. Call on or write him to-
day. He can euro you. Valuable Book
Bent Free. Address ;
F. L. SWEANY, M.D.,
737 Market St.. San Francisco. Cai.
fjo*^*X{i^<&*\'£— - i " -i. ' ' ' . . iMf7 * "■"'"
&5U Cures CONSUMPTION, COUGHS,
VSa COLDS, BRONCHITIS. DEBILITY.
»4*r- WASTING DISEASES, ASTHMA.
INFLUENZA. SCROFULOUS HUMORS. ETC.,
by building up the wasted tlaaue* and feeding
the over-worked nerves In such a manner that
after u»lng. HEALTH IS THE NATURAL
RESULT.
EVERYBODY LIKES IT.
Physicians prescribe It. All good druggists
sell it. Aek for "WILBOR'S," and take no
other.
N. B.~ Beware of Imitations. This article Is
the oldest of Its kind In the market. Many
try to make a remedy ."Just as good." but
none succeed. -
PChlehcUr'* Ea«U«k DUmoJ Brui
ENNYROYAL PSLLS
_/u*^v - Original tad Only Geanlmr. A
j- »*V.!\ Bare. »!»»ji reliable. LAOica uk «i\
rfl 1 «&j£tt DruMl.U for dfeMMMWa gn^Utk I. a
ff >i kgß^tg&'»<>"<i Brand in Bed and Gold mtUllloVV^
T?y —^BJO bel s «riUod with blu« ribhon. T«ke YJr
l?i t&tjßo other. Rr.piae dangtmu tHUMtu- V
I / ~ fjf tiont and imitationt. At Drajgi»t«. er kiv* 4*.
I W Ig In »! »mr« for parttosUn. t*^t:moiTitt" «nd
* *•» B " ReUcf for Cadlem" in irttrr. lj r-loro
«V If Mall. 1 0.000 T«timoa!»!i. Km*.- .'aytr.
_ Cilohc»terChcml<!alC».,M«4U«mr,iaar«,
•<Jbr»llly«ilT>m-^.« I'Hl I.AI 1»A- ;
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON BTS— RE-
mfHleled and renovated. KTNG. WARD tt
CO. ■ European plan. Rooms 50a to $1 50day,
$o to $S week, $8 to JSO month. Free- baths;
hot and cold water every room: fire grates in
every room: elevator runs all nlcht.
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
/3QQ MARKET ST.; • OPP. PALACE
000 Hotel. Telephone 670. KMldeoc* 909
Valencia street. Telephone, "Church" 13.
NEW TO-DAY.
Wherfthe grinders ceas£|f|§
Because they are few," wsr
It's too late ! - ~^JlS^
Take care of the Teeth
anto BEFORE OLD AGE. .
ptaodonfr
cannot be tried too early in life—
the liquid daily, the powder twice,
a week. Many families have used
it nearly forty years. •
<*> HALL & RUCKEL"
[new TOBS Proprietors LONDON '
MA sample of Sozodont and Sozodenna *-t
Soap for the postage, three cents. ugj'
CANOT
S^iaP^iill^Bß* No PAY INTILCLRED "
C^^aßßigiigjr^7s-Page BOOK Sent
"^^HB^^y^Sßß FREE with home tes-
Pfiß^^^^^S^ timonials and exact
JJaSS CT^^. addresses of hun-
dreds cured of large
BT, &V^™*Br^ W 1 I Cancers . some 8, io
l|l^.^^y land 12 lbs. in alcohol.
*&^r J*. I have positively cur-
.cd over i, ooo Cancersin California in 3 yrs; asyrs 1
experience. Any lump In the breast is Cancer;
they always poison from breast to arm-pit and
to throat. Iflargeit is then too late.
S. R.CHAM LEY, M.D..0FRCE.719 MARKET ST.. S.F.
SEND TO SOMEONE WITH CANCER
NEW AMUSEMENTS.
fßiioiAtiViß COIHOB a CSussus &<»u«umi»
LAST NIGHTS. MATINEE SATURDAY.
STUART ROBSON
In his delightful revival of Bronson Howard*
Masterpiece,
"THE HENRIETTA."
EXTRA! HE COMES Next Monday Night,
WILLIE COLLIER,
The- quaint comedian. In the year's farcical
hit. "THE MAX FROM MEXICO." Com-
pany includes Rmong others Louise Ailen,
Maclyn Arbuckle, I>an Mason. Violet Rand.
Seat* ready to-morrow (Thursday).
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
SEATS NOW SELLING.
MISS VILLA WHITNEY WHITE,
The Famous Soprano, in Song and Lecture Re-
citals on Next Thursday and Friday
Evenings and Saturday Matinee.
RIEDIANDER GOTUOB&C?iMsns an«wv*tt
FAIR I THE
VY/«F*INIING I ' L«ST
'TIS \A/EEKLI
The biggest hit in years,
MATHEWS «Sb BTJI-iGrEJR,,
AT GAY CONEY ISLAND!
The Cleanest, Brightest, Gayest and Funniest
■ v of them all.
Next week— Every body's favorite comedienne,
JOLLY NELLIE McHENRY,
In the enchanting, effervescent Lyrical Comedy.
"A NIGHT IN NEW YORK!"
Absolutely the funniest farce ever constructed.
Matinee To-Day— Jan. S.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; Chll-
! dren, 10c. any part.
The Legitimate Star. PATRICE,
i Supported by ALF. HAMPTON and J p
WHITBECK; FARNUM BROS., America'i
Acrobats: KITTY MITCHELL, Winsome Sou-
brette: FRED BROWN, Rag-Time Dancer-
ELINORE SISTERS, Character Artists'-
MLLE. »ROMBELLO, Sand Palntress; MUSI-
CAL DALE. Campanologist.
'- • BALLET SPECTACLE.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Eknxstixe Kreling, Proprietor & Manager
EVERY. EVE3STIITO.
THREE HOURS OF FUN. {
Our Holiday Spectacle.
"7VIOTHER GOOSE."
GRAND BALLETS— -
Lots of Singing, Dancing and Specialties.
BRING THE CHILDREN.
LOOK OUT FOR A SECOND EDITION !
• Seats on Sale One Week in Advance.
Popular Prices 25c and 50c
ALCAZAR- 35c, 50c.
nithW good-by to 1
LAST J- THE QIRL
NIGHTS "-^ I_iEF"T BEHIND
LAST T-iBIHT BEJHIITID
NIGHTS. ME !
LAST MATINEE SATURDAY.
Next Monday Night ESMERALDA;
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
Walter M0r0cc0...... Sole Lessee and Manager.
Initial Production of the Great Racing Drama,
"THE DISTRICT FAIR."
With Types of Ni?w England Farm Life.
The Fire Scene.
The Race Track at the District Fair.
The Great Race Scene With Blooded Race
—A GREAT EASTERN SUCCESS—
Evening Prices: 10c, 23c and 60c. Matlneea
Saturday and Sunday. •
THECHUTES AND EATER
Every Afternoon and Evening
A GREAT VAUDEVILLE SHOW
Clever Comedy, Mirth and Music!
SPECIAL!— Be£innin£ Sunday Next,
GHIQUITA!
Cnba'sAtom!' The Smallest Woman on Earth!
Admission and performance, 10c; children, 5o
PACIFIC COAST JOCKEY CLUB
INGLESIDE TRACK.
RACING FROM MONDAY, Dec. 27,
to SATU RDAY, Jan. 8, inclusive.
Five or More Races Daily, Rain or Sblne.
FIRST RACE AT 2 P. M.
S. P.. R. R. Trains 12:45 and 1:15 P.M. Daily.
Leave Third-street station, stopping at Va-
lencia street. Returning immediately after
the races.
ELECTRIC CAR LINES.
Kearny «treet and Mission street cars every
three minutes, direct to the ' track, without
change. Flllmore-street cars • transfer each
* ay# v , 8. N. ANDROUS. President.
F. H. GREEN, Secretary.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera' Company
Wednesday evening. January 6. by ', request,
••KOL-NIDRE." Fridßy and " Sunday nights,
January 7 and 9. "ALEXANDRE," the" Kron-
prlntz of Jerusalem. Box-office open dally i
from 10 a. m. to 5 p. m. -
ORFRON OFARRELL STREET.
UDEnUI\ Near Stockton. r-tlv
Grand Concert -Every Evening by "
CARL MARTENS
. . . . ;•-■■-. And tne ■-. :...,-.:
COSMOPOLITAN ORCHESTRA.
78
HE ADMITS
THAT HE
IS GUILTY
George Tauchi, Who
Shot Mary Castillo,
Is in Jail.
Says That She Fooled
Him and He Was
Desperate.
Acknowledges That His Trouble
Is More Than He Ex
pected.
THOUGHT HE TOOK POISON
.Or. Kltzgibbon Hurriedly Called to
Attend the Supposed Mur
derer.
The lor? looked for Japanese, George
Tauchi, who fatally shot Mary Castillo,
is now In the City Prison. He was ar-
rested last evening in a den at 321
O'FarreJl street by Detectives Gibson
and Wren and Officers Clark and
Peshon.
For many days the officers have been
searching boarding houses, ships and
all places y. here the murderer might be
stowed, but until last evening nothing
had been heard of him.
Louis Fan, who was present at the
time of the shooting, and Y. Yaehimi,
In whose house Tauchi was hidden,
■were placed in the tanks at the City
Prison and charged on the detention
book with having harbored a criminal.
Early in the evening Officer Hellings
arrested two Japanese who were sup
posed to have been acquainted with
the circumstances of the murder, but
they were released as soon as Tauchi
■was brought in.
George Taucht and the Place in Which He Was Concealed at 32 J OTarreli Street
WTien Tauchi was taken to the
prison he vomited freely, and Dr. Fitz
gibbon was hurriedly called in as it
•was supposed that he had taken
poison, but it was soon seen that he
■was suffering from an overdose of
■whisky or alcoholic stimulant.
Detective Ed Gibson stated last even-
Ing that he found the long-looked-for
murderer In a closet in the rear of 321
O'Farrell street, and that in his opin
ion he had been there sine* 1 thn crime
had been committed. Tauchi first ad
mitted that he had killed Mary Cas
tillo, but afterward stated that he had
.merely tried to frighten the victim
■with a revolver and it accidentally ex
plod"rl.
When brought into the prison he
was intoxicated, but as he appreciated
his position he became sober and asked
who had preferred the charges against
him.
He said, "I will tell my story In
court and your questions don't bother
me. I liked Mary and wouldn't shoot
her for the whole of Japan. Why should
I shoot her? She was my b<-st girl, but
others tried to take her away from me.
After the accident I went to San Mateo!
but afterward returned here. At first
I did not know that she was dead. "
The police consider his capture a good
piece of work.
MONEY IS VERY SLOW.
Jubilee Management Confident of
Better Collections in the
Future.
In making: preparations for their dis
play in the coming golden jubilee cele
bration the Society of California Pio
neers is taking more pains than it
could were the affair entirely entirely
representative of their own organiza
tion. At the meeting of the celebra
tion committee yesterday afternoon the
design for the float in the jubilee
parade was finally accepted. The float,
■which was designed by Andrews and
Cannon, the designers of the jubilee
parade committee's floats, is a repre
sensation of Sutter's mill. The sur
rounding ground, upon which are to
be living figures of aborigines and
miners, will be portrayed. Within the
mill will be the identical saw which
was in the mill on January 24, 1848, and
has since been among the relics owned
by the society.
Embossed Invitations to attend the
Jubilee celebration were yesterday
issued to the Mayors of nearly 400
cities in the United States by the com
mittee on publicity and promotion.
Many of the members of the finance
committee who were present at last
night's meeting reported that in their
districts they had encountered persons
who exhibited letters under which
they claimed authority to collect funds
for the Golden Jubilee. Chairman
Tollman told the members of the com
mittee that no one except those who
carried the numbered collection books
signed by himself, T. J. Parsons (chair
man) and Henry Lunstedt (secretary
of the executive committee) have au
thority to receive subscriptions for the
funds needed for the Golden Jublleee.
Chief of Police Lees will be asked to
investigate these cases, and the com
mittee will prosecute them to the full
extent of the law.
All the committees made flattering
reports of the reception accorded them,
and quite a considerable amount of
money was paid in. , Other committees
expect to complete their labors in a
few days. The lists so far published
do not contain the names of the large
corporations which have taken action,
and from which returns are daiiy ex
pected.
The National Association of Sta
tionary Engineers has informed the
Jubilee parade committee that it will
enter the parade. The members will
turn out a small traction-engine
drawing two coaches, which will con
tain about fifty of their number. The
occupants of the coaches will wear
the official badge.
Professor Miehllng, marshal of
children's day at Golden Gate Park, is
forming the programme to be carried
out by the schoolgirls under his direc
tion. Over 500 will be assembled — one
company each from the following
schools : Horace Mann, Pacific
Heights, John Swett. Crocker, Hamil
ton, Franklin. Mission. James Lick
and Everett. The exercises will be
opened by the entire body drawing up
the line. At the command "Front —
take distance!" the ranks will be
opened and the girls will perform cal
isthenics.
The subscriptions published In The
Call yesterday, including the returns
of Monday last, amounted to $6725.
Since then additional subscriptions
as follow have been reported by the
finance committee:
Shu Francisco Fire Department, $150;
Emporium and Goldea Kule Bazaar, $l<>o;
John Taylor & Co., $100; Parks & Lacy
Co., $100; Kennedy Mill and Mining Com
pany, $XX); W. W. Montague & Co., $luO;
Bank of British North America, $1OO;
John W. Coleman, $100; Washburn-Moen
Manufacturing Company, $50; California
Jockey Club, $00; S. F. Weeks Company,
ISO; Alaska Yukon Transportation Com
pany, $50; Nathan, Dohrmann & Co., $35;
I. S. Van Winkle & Co.. $25; D. N. & E.
Walter & Co., $2".; StHn. Simon & Co
$25; Rodington & Co.. $25; Langloy. Mich
ael? &- Co.. $25; Pacific Tool and Supply
Company, $2.".; California Machine Works
$25; William Wolff & Co., $25; Rosenthals
Incorporated, $2."; M. Blaskower, $25; Ren
ton-Holmea Company, $25; Blvth & Trott
$25; W. B. Hooper, $25; St. Nicholas Ho
tel. $25; Baldwin Hotel, $25: Sussman,
Wonnser & Co., $20; Golden West Hotel,
$20; Russ Housp, $20; K. B. Sotlle, $20"
Maison Rlche. $20; J. C. Pascoe. $20; Isa
dor Burns, $20; Smiths' Cash Store, J2O-
C,*-or*re Fritch, $20; De Lano Bros., $20-
C 1' Doe & Co.. $20; John Finn, $15; Dow
Stoam Pump Manufacturing Company
$?n : Rosnr.thal, Feder & Co., $10; Pacific
Metal Works. $10; W. T. Garratt & Co
f!'>; Charles C. Moon- & Co., $10; Hotel
l-anpham, $10; Brooklyn Hotel, $10; New
Western Hotel, $10; Davis &• Schonwasser
$10; Lewis E. Spear, $10; George E. Plum
mer, $10; White Bros., $10; W. A. Boole
$10; W. Fahey. $10; other subscriptions
$60. Total. $5620.
She Loves th>e Boy.
Mrs. K. D. Armstrong, a young mar
ried woman, and Fred Davis, a bell boy
in the Baldwin Hotel. 17 years of a^,
appeared in Judge Campbell's court yen
terday to answer a charge of living to
gether unlawfully. Th.- woman deserted
her husland, J. R. Armstrong:, an ex-
Bpecial officer, about six months ago. and
has been living with Davis since then in
a lodging-house on Powell street. She
said in court that her husband ill-treated
her, and she left him to get something
to do to support her two children. Davis
she said, had helped her. and was in
every way a man, although a boy in
years. The case was continued until to
morrow.
Ta Cure a Cold lo One Day.
Take I>axatlve Brotnn • Qulnin; *j>bleU. ■ AH
drugfrists refund the money if tt fa.'c to cure
25c. - The genuine has I* B. Q. on e&cb t&blet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEBXESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
HAS RAISED A
HORNET'S NEST
Result of the Row Be
tween Judges Low
and Campbell.
Significant Remark Made Yes
terday by Chief Justice
Beatty.
The Constitutionality of Pollee Courts
2, 3 and 4 May Be
Tested.
ThQ little unpleasantness between
Judges Low and Campbell over the
acceptance of a bond by the latter for
the release of Sidney Kellett may have
far-reaching consequences.
Judge Low convicted and sentenced
Kellett to one year in the County Jail,
being six months each on two charges
for having burglar tocrls In his pos
session and carrying a concealed
weapon. He appealed and Judge
Campbell accepted a bond for his re
lease. The Sheriff, on the authority
of Jtidge Low, declined to recognize
Judge Campbell's order of discharge,
and Kellett's attorney, Arthur Mack,
applied for a writ of habeas corpus
before Judge Carroll Cook. At the ar
gument Judge Low contended that the
committing magistrate alone had the
right to accept a bond for a prisoner's
release, but Judge Campbell laid down
the law that any Judge of a Police
Court was Justified in accepting a
bond, provided it was unobjectionable.
Judge Cook decided that Low was
right and Campbell was wrong.
Kellett's attorney appealed to the
Supreme Court, more with the object
of having the question definitely set
tled than anything else, and the case
was to have come up for argument
yesterday morning before Chief Justice
Beatty. Meantime Judge Low had ap
proved of the bond accepted by Camp
bell and issued an order for Kellett's
release, and he was released.
This put an end to the controversy,
but Attorney Lennon, for Kellett,
wanted to argue the point raised. The
Chief Justice declined to hear any ar
gument and then Lennon said he would
have taken up the constitutionality of
Police Court 4, presided over by Judge
Low. The Chief Justice significantly
remarked. "Better not rouse a sleeping
lion." It Is said that Attorney Lennon
will not heed the warning of the Chief
Justice, but will take steps to have the
important question tested by the Su
preme Court. It was also said that the
fear of having the question brought
Into court was the reason for Judge
Low's action in signing an order for
Kellett's release.
Under the charter for the city of San
Francisco a Police Judge Court for the
city and county waa established. After
ward, by amendments to the .charter,
Police Courts 2 and 3 were established.
Then about five years ago, by a special
act of the Legislature, the Police
Judge's Court was abolished and a Po
lice Court created with four depart
ments. It is contended that the pn>
cedure of the Legislature was uncon
stitutional, and that Police Courts 2,
3 and 4, particularly the last named,'
are not legally constituted.
Suit for Life Insurance.
Lor>n J. Rose. Robert Bonesteli. Fannie
J. Rose Lulu S. Bonestell and Jennie E.
Fish, heirs of Jerome B. Fargo, who died
in this city on January 5, 18S>6, have com
menced suit against the Mutual Reserve
Fund Life Association to recover $10 000
alleged to be due on a life insurance
policy held by Jerome B. Fargo at the
time of bis death.
TOWN FULL OF
EASTERN AGENTS
They Pay No Taxes, No
Rent and No Attention
to Fair Dealing.
License Collector May Reach
Out for Them and Again
Test the Law.
Resident Jobbers to Combine Against
the Class Known as Manufac
turers' Agents.
The San Francisco Directory con- ;
tains the names of 242 men who are
listed as manufacturers' agents. The
list embraces some well-known firms
eampoMd of merchants who reside in
Utfa city, pay taxes and license and \
are Identified with the fbrtunes of the |
community. Others belong to a class
of raiding agents. Failing to get rep- ;
utable and leading houses of estab- '
lished character to handle their wares ;
they have engaged in the business of ,
selling to the trade in any form by
Which buyers can be reached. They sell
by sample and catalogue, and in or- ,
der to obtain the lowest rate on freight
so as to compete with the resident Job- j
bers, go from one retail dealer to an-
other until sufficient orders can be se- i
cured to Justify the shipment of a car- ;
load of goods. The car containing •
packages for ten or twelve customers j
is consigned to one individual in order I
that the regulations of the Traffic As- j
soclation may be observed in letter j
while violated in spirit. It is said by |
railroad men that the transportation j
companies have no right to inquire ;
into details regarding the consignment of
the various packages of merchandise
so long as the record shows the ship
ment of a carload from one consignor
to one consignee.
This system of traffic, which menaces
legitimate commerce, is not confined to
one, two or three lines of trade, but ex
tends to all lines of business. The city :
is literally swarming with agents. Res- !
ident Jobbers are now determined to
take steps to break up the practice, j
There is no Intention of proscribing j
commercial travelers or agents for
Eastern manufacturers who conduct
their mercantile operations according
to the established usages of trade, but
there is a purpose to ignore the agent
who sells directly to the retailer.
Yesterday a representative of The
Call visited the establishments of Mack
& Co., George H. Tay Company and
Miller, Slosa & Scott. All remarked
that the town was full of agents who
were soliciting orders from the retail
dealers of the city and interior towns.
"So far as this house is concerned."
remarked Mr. Scott of the last named
firm, "we do not buy goods from manu
facturing agents who sell to the retail
trade and go about the city and coun
try soliciting orders for their wares.
No agreement or compact among
wholesalers is needed. Simple observ
ance of the ordinary customs of trade
is all that is required. When we find
that an Eastern manufacturer has es
tablished an agency in San Francisco
and that the agent Insists on selling to
retail customers, we simply decline to
handle the goods of that manufacturer.
The Jobbing merchants of San Fran
cisco, In my Judgment, are able to
protect themselves. The Call, In ex
posing the system by which these man
ufacturing agents are conducting bus
iness, is rendering the mercantile com
munity service of great value."
While License Collector Bonnet Is
willing and anxious to assist the local
merchants in the fight for their rights,
he is handicapped by the existing laws.
The decisions of the higher courts are
against the imposition of a license tax
on drummers and agents representing
firms outside the State. All that he
can do Is impoße a merchandise license
tax on agents who are found selling
goods In broken packages. The Su
preme Court of the United States has
decided that a license tax on drum
mers soliciting sales from sample is
unconstitutional, and therein the whole
trouble exists.
There are several hundred agents of
Eastern manufacturing concerns In
this city, and as they claim that they
only solicit sales from samples there
Is no way of imposing a tax on them.
In a few instances they have been de
tected selling their "samples," and a
merchandise license tax has been im
posed on those offenders. While the
License Collector is certain that many
of the agents have the goods shipped
to them and Bell them direct, he Is
unable to secure the necessary proof
to compel them to pay a merchandise
tax license.
"The great difficulty," said Chief
Deputy Fay of the license office yester
day. "Is to catch these Eastern agents
selling from broken packages. They
claim that they only solicit orders from
sample, and that under the law they
are exempt from paying any license
tax. Tf any large quantity of goods
Is found in their possession, they claim
that the goods were shipped to them
to deliver to customers who made
purchases from samples. It Is only
when we catch them selling to a
dealer, from broken packages, that we
| can enforce the payment of a merchan
dise license. We have of late caught
several agents selling direr- 1 from their
so-called samples and forced them to
pay a license the snme as any other
retail or wholesale dealer. T'nless we
catch them selling goods from a bro
ken package, they claim that the goods
they carry have been shipped to flu
orders given from samples, and we are
powerless to act."
PARKER LODGE INSTALLS
The Officers Are Publicly Inducted
Irjto Office for the Ensuing
Term.
John Perretti. deputy district grand
master, last evening Installed the of
ficers of Parker Lodpre of the I. O. O.
F. 1 at a public meetinK of the lodge and
in the presence of a large number of
ladies, as well as visitors not members
of the r order. The new officers are-
Joseph A. Wells, N. G.; P. Prohaska,
Z' CVC V ; T - 'T- Nichols. S.; G. E. Davis!
iV J- o Geary, W : George C. Crow
%'£• S. tO^ N - G - ; 8. Szanski, LS.to
N. G.; W. W. Whan, chaplain. After
.he ceremony th? noh'e .crand. who
was re-elected, was on behalf of the
lodge presented an Ivory-headed cane
in recoßmtlon of Ills' s. r* k*>s du-ins
the past term. After that th?re was
the following programme: T>nor f=olo,
Dan Bailey; cornn solo. L,. .Erscnbach
soprano solo. Miss Alice GltMnfeld; se
lections. Professor Ohapin.J. Carey
and Bert Van Clev<\ and special
dance. Mlas Mattle i I.uce. The . fcV«n
lng closed wth a dane« nnd tho s-rv
lng of a oil at ion.
A Word to the Wise.
The public in general, should keep an
eye upon the Pattosien Company's Fur
niture Store, cor - 16th and Mission sts.
iney will see a surprise next Saturday
remember next Saturday 1 ra J '
This week our Silks and our Corsets are
joined™ hand in hand they stand forth
the second of a great series of great
ante-stocktaking bargains.
Colored Fancy Silks, stripes, checks, figured ; Corsets— sl.oo corsets, $1.25 corsets, and
and brocades, and Roman stripes, that $1.50 corsets, for
have been selling for 85 cts, 90 cts, $1.00 ", -
and $1.25, we now offer for OST f+'t'cy r^T&r+r*
(U GtS D6P V3PQ* Corsets— sl.2s corsets, $1.50 corsets, $1.75
M w . corsets and $2.00 corsets, for
Black Brocaded DuchesseGros de Londres, the {J>f \f\ ¥7«-ks-»V«
sam l, y^ have been paying 75cts ' 85 cts tDl«l\l JLlctOll*
and $1.00 for, now at __
r*{\ ~*4~^ ■^■'i-L-I^--'^ -r^— .— l These are corsets from our regular stock,
fill GTS ilGt V^H^fl* marked down, as in the case of our silks,
*****-* |-rWM Ml vt« simply to close out before stock-taking.
125-127-129-131 KEARNY STREET, S. F. __.
CORNER SIGNS
CAUSE TROUBLE
Auditor Broderick Holds
Up Several Large
Demands.
Finds No Law to Compel the
Municipality to Pay
Bills.
Property-Owners May Also. Bo Ex
empt From an Old
Law.
Auditor Broderick has decided that
the city has no right to pay for the
street signs at the crossing of thor
oughfares, and will refuse to pass de
mands, amounting to over $600, to pay
for such devices that were recently
presented by Superintendent of Streets
Ambrose.
During the time that the "Phelan"
Board of Supervisors was contesting
with the legal board for the possession
of the city government Mayor Phelan
dug up an old law enacted in 1883,
which provides that owners of all cor
ner property must designate the
names of the intersecting streets on
which their property is situated by
means of signs placed at the corner.
By virtue of this ordinance hundreds
of property-owners in outlying dis
tricts were compelled to go to the
trouble of putting up signs at their
own expense.
Recently Mr. Ambrose conceived the
idea of having the business streets of
the city similarly designated, and a
man was employed to do the work.
Such corners as the Intersection of
Grant avenue, o'Fairell and Market
streets were provided with artistic
signs at an expense to the taxpayers
of $9 per corner. This particular loca
tion happens to embrace the Phelan
building, owned by the Mayor of the
city and county of San Francisco.
When the bills, amounting to $600,
were sent to the Auditor, he took up
the statute-books, municipal reports
and other volumes of legal lore and
found only the ordinance of 1883 to
provide for corner signs. There was
nothing to show why the private prop
erty-owners In residence districts
should pay for their own signs while
the merchants downtown received
theirs at the expense of the municipal
ity. Thereupon he began the composi
tion of a letter to the Board of Super
visors explaining the why and the
wherefore of his refusal to audit the
demands.
"I fall to see the legality of these
demads for several reasons," said the
Auditor yesterday. "In the first place
it appears like special legislation to
compel property-owTyers on a corner
to put up signs while those In the mid
dle of the block are exempt. One has
as much right as the other, and the
Board of Supervisors that enacted
this ordinance evidently recognized
this point after its passage, for the
gas companies were required to desig
nate the name of streets on their
corner lamps. These 8 by 36
inch maroon and silver signs are all
very pretty, but I do not think that
the municipality or property-owners
fan be compelled to pay for them.
This matter waß called to my atten
tion some time ago by Judge Low, and
since then I have been looking care
fully into the law. Unless I can find
some better authority than I have at
present no demands of this kind will
be signed. Unless some check is
placed upon this matter it would be
easy to run up bills against the muni
cipality of JSOOO to $10,000."
To Save Trouble.
Maurice Hartnett, 149 Fair Oaks street,
was taken «to the Receiving Hospital
Monday night and placed In a padded
cell, as he was crazy, from drinking too
much liquor. He made his escape about
4 • o'clock yesterday morning, but re
turned at 9 o'clock. perfectly sober and
quiet. He said he had gone to take a
bath and have something to eat, and
came back as he did not wish to pet any
one into trouble. Dr. Well told him to
ko home. \mm fl|M|Pl|il|iTf hiii, 1 1 in i" i m
NEW TO-DAY.
WAS IT MURDER
OR A SUICIDE?
The Question That Causes
Coolness Between Po
lice and Coroner.
Diametrically Opposite Stories
Told About the Position of
the Body.
Both Sides Are Firm in Support of
Their Theories in the
Matter.
Did John H. Dow kill himself or was
he murdered?
This Is a question that is being
fought out by the detective force on the
one side and by the Coroner's office on
the other.
There is expert police testimony to
prove positively that it can be nothing
but a case of suicide, and then again
there is expert medical testimony to
show that it must have been a murder.
Captain Bohen says there are no de
velopments in the case which would
cause him to change his opinion that
the wounds in Dow's brain were in
flicted by the shooting gallery man.
Detectives Gibson and Crockett are so
thoroughly convinced that Dow in
flicted the wounds that they have de
cided that there is nothing further for
them to do.
At the Coroner's office there is as
positive a feeling in favor of the mur
der theory and In substantiation of this
position the autopsy is said to have
conclusively shown that after the first
ball entered the skull it would have
been impossible for Dow to have re
loaded the pistol twice and fired two
other balls Into his head. It was shown
that two of the bullets fractured the
skull and all three of them lacerated
the brain tissue to such an extent that
unconsciousness would have followed
either.
The Morgue officials say that when
the body was found It was covered
with the bed clothing, and the right
hand was under the cover and resting
naturally on the leg. They say also
that there was no blood on the hand
nor on the pistol.
Captain Bohen says that when found
the body was not covered up, and that
the right hand was hanging down at
the side of the bed, almost touching
the pistol, which lay on the floor. He
NEW .TO-i)AY.
*' EUREKA-We have found It !
f J&±D ow R^iculous !
» V^Jr^^^»^ * S *° See a us^ ness nun fumbling
/ /\-^£j&W§ among his papers with a cigar or
f f flfjyy^ V^w. tol3acco in nis mouth. He cannot
not think. He is stunned
mBl wwHbK lUCotine an J his mer >tal
JnliU »B|j^|wH|. while he nervously sucks
JjHy or chews away ! The sit-
JBpßf|bkM mW uation would re laughable
r> ll4 rv rt «,x c,. - , ing the advantage. jßSlaßil
BUt DOllt Stop TobaCCO SUDDENLY and wrench I^^B
the nerves, permanently injuring them, take Wlli!
An absolute kindly vegetable cure for the pHpHBM
tobacco habit, a kindly antidote for tobacco ■ IXlTilTft^l ' >: t^
poison. Use the tobacco you require and I] |^rJ Egß I U I^^
take BACO-CURO.it will notify you when to 1 1 1 1 l«Llj 11111
WEANS r€mOving the desire - U GENTLY fe?Sff^y|@j fPfif
ttiJ^UTiJT^i^^* it™" 0 ** 7 ' *°* < "« 1 » | »*« |L^ I § JUjßa ,^^f
KBttA GUUUfc AID im, «),. |* OOBSI. 1U
says also that the hand, as well as the
pistol, was bloody. The captain fur
ther cites numerous instances where
men have been Bhot through the brain
without being rendered unconscious,
and says that the small balls from a
22-caliber pistol would not produce
death instantly.
He further cites the fact that there
was a considerable lapse of time be
tween the firing of the first shot and
the two later ones. The detective the
ory is further strengthened by the
statement that Dow was financially
embarrassed and in ill health.
It has developed that while Dow
owed several small bills he had suf
ficient money on hand to liquidate
them, and so far as his ill health is
concerned, it is shown that he was
Thinking seriously of going to the
Klondike next spring.
Thus are the divergent theories
strengthened, and about the only tan
gible matter that has come out of the
conflict of opinion is the fact that it Is
possible to have a mysterious case of
death made deeper mystery by im
perfect care of the corpse when it Is
discovered. It has been shown that if
Captain Bohen's assertion regarding
the position of the right hand is true,
then some one must have handled tho
body and placed the hand by the side
of the dead man and covered it up
before the Morgue officials reached the
place.
Mrs. Dazel seems to Incline to the
suicide theory, but says that she will
express no opinion. She tells a straight
story regarding her going from the
shooting gallery shortly after midnight
Friday night, and says that the pistol
j which was used had been carried in
| Dow's pocket for several days prior to
| the killling. She says she sees 'no
reason to think it was a murder. She
has been released by the police, but
paid a long visit to Captain Bohen
I yesterday afternoon, and all inquirers
| were referred to her for particulars.
| She says that Dow was an expert with
! the pistol and could fire and reload it
j with great rapidity, and thinks it
would have been easy for him to have
fired the three shots.
INDIGNANT POLITICIANS.
Tbe People's Party County Com
mittee Pass Resolutions.
At a meeting of the People's Party
County Committee last night the fol
lowing resolution was passed regarding
the last election:
Resolved, That this committee has con
tinued and unqualified confidence in tha
integrity and devotion of our said candi
dates. Thomas V. Cator, "W. N. Grlswold
and T. H. Hatch, to the principles of the
People's party, and that we are satisfied
that none of them would frame a charter
in the interests of the corporations. And
we also protest agrainst the idea that a
city of this size shall at the opening of
the twentieth century make a charter
which doe? not provide for the initiative
and referendum and ownership of public
utilities and public employment of the
unemployed.
Miss Frank's Lecture.
Miss Ray Frank will deliver a lecture
to-morrow afternoon at the residence of
Mrs. Leon Sloss, 1516 Van Ness avenue.
The address will be entitled "The Gift of
the Gods."DURRANT`S
BRAINS IN
DEMAND
Scientists Anxious to
Hold an Autopsy
on the Criminal.
What Might Be Learned
From Cranial Meas
urements.
Another Habeas Corpus Peti
tion Taken Under Federal
Court Advisement.
H AS BOARDMAN GONE EAST
Probability That Ho Will Appear In
an Appeal to the Suprem*
Court.
Judge Morrow and Judge de Haven I
of the United States Court, sitting in j
bank, yesterday came to a determina- j
.tion that will act as a sedative on the i
nerves of the notorious criminal occu
pying the death chamber at San Quen- !
tin, and give him pause in his mathe- ,
matical contemplation of the hours
that separate him from the grave. This
Was the entertainment of a virtual re
petition of the previous application for
a writ of habeas corpus. General Dick
inson did not appear, on the ground
of illness. As Boardman just at pres
ent represents X, 'or the unknown
Quantity in the latest problems of Dur
rant's defenders, he was also invisible.
Mr. Deuprey, who presented the pe
:trtlon, was accompanied by General
.iDickinson's partner, J. K. Bonestell,
and the father of the condemned. The
court, to the 6urpriße of every one, of
fered no objection to Deuprey's re
quest, merely asking whether the
reading of the document would con
sume much time. On receiving a
negative reply Judge Morrow instruct
ed him to proceed. At the conclusion
of fifteen minutes the contents of the
document had been related. Mr. Deu
prey then urged upon the attention of
the court that the grounds on which
this last application for a writ was
made differed from those on which
previous petitions were based.
The contention raised was that the
.prisoner should not be disturbed until
the United States Court had passed upon
. an appeal alleged to be pending in con
sequence of the refusal of the clerk to
file the papers in a former application.
. vludsre Morrow benignly whispered to
■ ■•.Judge de Haven, and then announced
} -that the matter would be taken under
: 'advisement until II o'clock this morn-
.•\in*.
.•;=;.••• T"he universal expectation is that the
■:': .^petition will bs denied. It is thought
■~':'&B the other hand that the court may j
•■ : .t\ad it necessary to go more deeply into
■- .-:the matter, a task ■which would natur
:.:..:.a'Hy require more time.
'.*-i' " Under the law a denial means an- 1
• : other stay of execution under manda
:. Tory appeal to the United States Su- I
.{-■.pTeme Court. Unless the Circuit Court
•: l&ils either to grant or deny the peti- |
'".* tion. in other words suspends action
v Under advisement until after the cxc- j
■} cution, it would seem that Durrant
• rtiay secure another lease of life.
- ' \ The desperation of Durrant's attor
: neys in the premises is manifested ;
.-'-. from the attitude they will then be |
■?•. placed in before the Supreme Court of ;
the land. This process of tricking the
criminal judgments of the State courts,
.- by invoking the round-the-circle lax- j
' ness of habeas corpus procedure, will
; put them in the position of the New
- : - York lawyers in the famous Jurigo
-...case, of which they are fully cognizant.
■v" Their standing in the Supreme Court
-" Is likely to be regarded as that cf
:; : .triflers, which should afford them no
• pleasing prospect. The same device
"...Instituted in the New York case, with
• precisely the same motive, namely to
.'Tender the authority of the State
courts inoperative, was quashed for all
:, : time in that State by an Indignant
..,■ warning from the higher court that the
.continuance of such practice would be
punished by disbarment. While flying
.-■ In 'the face of this precedent, Durranfs
•■■.attorneys are acting with all possible
•.prudence and evident trepidation.
• '•- Since Saturday Mr. Boardman and
; : his movements have become mysteri
■'.: ously Interesting. It was positively as
:j' serted Monday that he was in cvi
" dence here, notwithstanding the rumors
- that he had hurried on to Washington
' . to petition the Supreme Court for a
writ of habeas corpus. .Yesterday he
..■:'■ could not be found, and General Dick
• ihson explained that he was absent in
• -. the country attending to some law bus
■;/ mess. As he could not be located pre
'• 'cisely, and took on more and more the
v haracter of a "mysterious disappear
• .ance," the fullest credence was given
■'■ ..finally to the report that he had gone
• : to • Washington on the mission de
:■■ scribed. The secrecy of the other at
.... torneys in the case is explained by
■' 'their feara of the active resistance of
'•;■;.- Attorney-General Fitzgerald to their
••: plans, were they made known.
;■.'■.••■' This tactical silence was suggested
.'•by General Dickinson yesterday. "We
u-fll not tell what we are doing," said
>;;hc "because we find that people in
■•":-r/igh places who are paid salaries for
'■•• intending to other duties go out of
•; .'•: their way to block us."
•,"■%'.■ An attempt to interview Governor
V'Budd yesterday proved futile. TheGov
v" ernor is confined to his room with rheu
■•/•matlsm, to the pains of which is added
'•f-y NEW TO-DAY. '\.^Z''. "'
liebiq Lompany s Extract ,iVf ..
liebiq company s <* Beef vm
•"' The essence o£ all that' 3 best in beef Made from the best Mgftk t£ ,
parts of the best cattle, raised on the company's grazing fields jgHHSS '■■■" ' .
in Uruguay. That's why it is the best, and for over thirty ysfjg»r
V years unapproached for purity and fine flavor. vMHSr
.Genuine hais {/__^S v: t X ¥
■)n%^ tu "P^^^ Itsoesi-loneway. k%J
in blue : <F ~~~^~^ It gots | lon? way . ,{*J|
MRS. AMELIA CHURCHILL, the Victim of an Accident on Fourth Street.
Mrs. Amelia A. Churchill, a widow, 48 years of age, was struck and almost instantly killed by a southbound
car of the Ellis and O'Farrell street line on Fourth street, near Mission, at about 5 o'clock last night. Mrs.
Churchill resides at 2S*O Natoma street, where she kept a Bmall lodging-house. Last night at about 5 o"clock she
went out on an errand, saying she would be back in a few minutes. As she was crossing Fourth street she
stopped in the middle of the track to let a wagon pass in front of her. not noticing an approaching electric car. The
motorman did not see the woman until he was almost on top of her, when he rang the bell and applied the
brakes. As she was slightly deaf, in all probability she did not hear the warning, or If she did was too confused
by her danger to get out of the way. The car struck her full in the left side, turning her over completely, drag
ging her under the wheels. A crowd immediately trathered on the spot, and it was found necessary to raise
the car before the poor mangled body could be released. The body was taken into the drugstore of W. E. May
hew at 144 Fourth street and an ambulance summoned, but the surgeon pronounced the woman dead, and the
Coroner was notified. In attempting to extricate the body Guss Rapp, an etcher, 18 years of age, employed by the
Examiner, had his leg badly strained, and was taken to his home at 834 Howard street. His injuries are not
serious, but he will be unable to walk for several days. Be tells the story as follows: "I left my home to go
to work as usual at about 5 o'clock. When I turned into Fourth street I noticed a woman standing in the middle
of the track in a dazed sort of way with her side toward the car. The car was approaching slowly and the motor
man was struggling with the brakes and rinsing his bell furiously, but the woman paid no heed to it I turned
my face away as I heard a thud and saw the woman disappear under the car. If the motorman had had two
feet more to stop the car in all would have been safe, and if there had been a fender on the car it might have
picked her up without doing any harm. I could see that by the way she fell. I went to her assistance In com
pany with several others, and while they were raising the car somebody let go, and the weight of it came on
my leg. I was helped home by a couple of friends, but do not think my injuries are serious." Rapp's story was
corroborated by a number of witnesses. The car was In charge of Motorman W. Hillis and Conductor William
W. Wetemyer. both of whom surrendered themselves to the police, and were released on their own recognizance
by Captain Spillane of the Southern police station. Mrs. Churchill was a poor widow, who maintained herself by
keeping a few lodgers, and was respected as an honest, hard-working woman by those who knew her. She leaves
an adopted daughter and a brother, John Williams, the well-known bird-trulner, who exhibits his p«us at the
Cliff House on Sundays.
the annoying Insistence of Durranfa !
attorneys and of all the political re-en- ,
forcements they can muster, that a re
prieve be granted. The Governor** de- i
cision in the matter is expected some j
time to-morrow.
Should the Circuit Court deny the
petition for a writ of habeas corpus it
is said to be extremely doubtful
whether Warden Hale, acting under
advice of the Attorney-General, would
decline to execute under the notice of
appeal. The Attorney-General is at- i
credited with having, after a more |
thorough study of the complications,
changed his view as to the efncac y of !
such notice. If his present state of j
mind on the subject be reported cor- |
rectly. he would advise the Warden t<>
proceed with the execution of the order ;
of the State court, despite any inter
vening action on the part of Durrant's
attorney based on the denials in the
Circuit Court of the petition for writ.
The scientific men who are interested
In the pathological features of Dur
rant's case are grievously disappointed
at the prospect that no autopsy will l>e
allowed on the remains. Dr. John W.
Robertson, the celebrated chemist, has
received. a commission from the Ameri
can Journal of Insanity to prepare an
elaborate treatise on the case. He is
firmly impressed with the extraordin
ary character of Durrant as a study in
psychopathy, and regrets that a post
mortem examination of the head of the
condemned man cannot be made. its
I cranial conformation and the relative
I development of the cerebral convolu
| tions would prove of incalculable Inter-
I est and value to science. The fact that
j Durrant, having been well advanced as
i a medical student, should have made a
positive request that no examination
be made of his face or head after death,
! is commented on as significant.
"An autopsy would not necessarily
prove that Durrant was Insane," said
Dr. Robertson, "or that he was guilty
of the crimes charged. We have to ac
cept the legal determination of the
latter fact. Certain conditions con
firmatory of the theory of monomania,
or moral perversion, might be dis
closed in the assymmetry of the facial
bones and brain formation. These
measurements would be of great value,
while they could not be accounted as
proof of his guilt."
It seems that no measurements of
Durrant's head have been made, and
It is regarded as rather strange that
he should have been exempt from the
study common in nearly all cases of
capital crimes, and particularly in
those where the subject of satyriasis
is involved. Dr. Robertson has made
an appeal to Warden Hale to procure
at least external measnrements In ac
cordance with the formula provided.
Dr. W. H. Mays is equally interested
with other cerebral specialists in se
curing for the records of American
medical Jurisprudence a record of the
external and Internal formations <>f
Durrant's head. "It would be Im
portant to know the relative develop
ment of the cerebral convolutions,"
said he. "Much might be inferred
from the measurements and condition
of the two parts. Degeneracy of the hu
man brain is readily determined in this
manner, inasmuch as the left side in
the normal man shows excess of size
over the right. In human degeneracy
the brain tends to a similitude and
perfection of formation which Is the
characteristic of animals. It Is to be
regretted that an autopsy could not be
held in this case."
TIIE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
STEELHEADS
WILL BE SCARCE
Heavy Shipments Made
by Tomales Bay Fish
ermen.
Large Fishes Caught in Nets
of Unlawful Dimen
sions.
A Seizura by Deputy Commissioners
at the Fishing Grounds on Rus
sian Riv«r.
The Fish Commissioners are accom
plishing excellent service in prevent
ing the unlawful seizure of steelhead
trout in Russian River by seiners, but
they are neglecting another point to
which immediate attention should be
given.
The Call is in receipt of a letter from
A. Rochfort, the proprietor of the
Point Reyes Hotel at Point Rey*-s,
which states that the net fishermen
Of Tomales Bay are catching tons of
steelhead trout near Inverness, which
place is only a short distance from the
mouth of Paper-mill Creek, with nets,
the meshes of which are smaller than
the law allows.
The attention of Mr. Babcock, chief
of the fish patrol, has been called to
this important fact, but according to
Mr. Rochfort the Commissioners have
not given the matter the least atten
tion, for some reason that is inex
plicable to Rochfort and to many
others, who regret to see the parent
fishes of one of the most prolific trout
■treama in the State destroyed by un
lawful means.
It is a well-known fact that the To
males Bay fishermen use only such
nets as are employed for the capture
of small bay fishes, the meshes of
which are exceedingly close when
drawn together. It is not thought that
the fishermen have gone to the ex
jii !isi j of purchasing a salmon net or
n. ts that are of lawful dimension
when the nets of smaller size can do
h.ii'-r execution.
It is, however, the duty of the Fish
Commissioners to dispatch a deputy
to Inverness on a tour of inspection,
as the law reads that the Fish Com
missioners must see that the laws for
the preservation of fish and game are
strictly enforced, and for that purpose
they may from time to time employ
such assistants as they shall deem
necessary.
The law as regards netting is easily
understood. It reads:
Every person who buys, sells, offers or
exposes for sale any steelhead trout
CSalmo Gnirdneri) between the Ist day of
February and the lHt day of May 'of each
year Is guilty of a misdemeanor; pro
vided, however, that ■ steelhead trout
may be taken In tide water between
the Ist day of May and the Ist day of
February of the following year with law
ful nets; and a lawful net shall mean a
net that when placed in the water is un
secured and free to float with the cur
rent or tide; and the meshes of which
are. when drawn closely, together and
measured Inside the knot, not less than
seven and one-half Inches in length.
Every person found guilty of any vlota
tlon of the provisions of this section may
be fined or imprisoned.
Last Sunday several anglers visited
Inverness for the purpose of seeing
the fishermen seining fishes. In one
haul of the net they landed thirty-four
steelhead which were shipped from
Hamlet station to this city. If each
haul returns a like complement of
fishes there will, certainly, be very few
fishes left to populate the Paper-mill
Creek this year, and anglers only too
well realize what that will signify.
Last Sunday night while Messrs.
Babcock and Vogelsang were discuss
ing in a hotel at Duncan's Mills the
sport they enjoyed on the river in
catching trout with rod and line, the
net fishermen were industriously em
ployed netting steelheada from a pool.
In the river not 400 yards distant from
the hotel.
Confederates were stationed to keep
a watch on the movements of the Ang
ling Commissioners while the work of
fish destruction was going on by the
light of the moon.
But Commissioner Vogelsang was
not sleeping; he had already planned
the capture of the lfw-breakera and
had stationed Deputies Davis and
Lowe at a point where they could
watch the actions of the net fisher
men. The officers remained under
cover until a late hour when they
were rewarded for thetr j>ains by the
capture r.f a first-class net which the
seiners had placed In the river almost
immediately under the DOMI of the
deputies.
The fishermen beat a hasty retreat
when they detected the officers, but
as they are known doubtless arrests
Will follow.
The anglers who visited Duncan's
Mills last week had grand sport. One
hundred and four su-elrnads were ta
ken on Saturday and Sun lay with rod
and line, and some of the most fortu
nate anglers are: A. Vogelsang, 7
fish; J. P. Babcock, 12 fish: W. Baehe
ler. 6 fish; Captain Qeorge Cummlng
hooked 12 fish and lost six. J. Searls
caught 2 fish. John Butler hooked and
lost 5 fish on Sunday and caught 3 on
Monday, Charles Green caught 3 fish,
George Walker caught 2 fish, W. A.
r naught ."> fis-h. McFarland and
Wilson have caught within the last
two weeks over fifty fish. The aver
age weight of the sieelheads of Rus
sian Riwr iF sixteen pounds.
The bar at the mouth of the river
closed again on Friday last, thus af
fording the steelheads that were lodg
ing In the deep pools near Duncan's
Mills an opportunity to ascend the
river.
St. Patricks Officers.
At a meeting of St. Patricks
Mutual Alliance Association of Cali
fornia, held In K. R. B. Hall lost Mon
day evening, the following officers were
Installed: President. P. 11. McGinnerty:
first vice-president, P. Rooney; second
vice-president. P. Relly: recording seore
tary. P- H. Flynn; corresponding secre
tary, Thomas F. Alford; financial secre
tary. M. C. Gorman: treasurer, John H.
McGinney. The alliance, having ac
cepted the Invitation of the California
Jubilee committee to participate in the
parade of the Btate"s great Jubilee. the
following committee on parade was ap
pointed: John H. McGinn* y, Jeremiah
Griffin and Thomas Beary.
Professor Grlgg"s Lecture.
Professor Grlggs of Stanford Uni
versity delivered a lecture on "Goethe's
Faust" yesterday afternoon before a
large gathering of ladies belonging to
the Charming Auxiliary. This Is but one
of a series, the next of which will be de
livered next Tuesday at th-i First Uni
tarian Church.
An Insolvent Butcher.
John Vincent, a butcher, has been ad-
Judged an Insolvent debtor. His liabili
ties are scheduled at $2649 16. He has no
assets.
NEW TO-DAY.
A STITCH IN TIME SAVES NINE. maHßm^jmj m M
Heat, Bense of tenderness and swelling 1 of a part, MM^^fj^ <?%iJJa§iaJg»|
are all indications that there is need of instant repair | |F^.. t^^Tjlm
— the stitch in time. Where these symptoms exi*t on "C^7<Etefc>**|
the left or the right side of the womb, disease of the BRrwJHfrj^i^PSt
ovary is setting in, and soon there will be, if there ttifjr jß&rt fffiit Y< > '
is not already established, a dlschq^ge, trifling at JRx/ illKf |\'^,U. ( 7
first, but later copious and irritating. Soon, also, HKk^^vKF 4j-iL^
there will bo felt dull, dragging pains radiating from K^artWtjjMn j^Shl
Do not, my sister, let your malady go so far, but Jp^\^&?^ Jl[
those of you who are already suffering in this -f /if
way should begin at once a course of treatment Jl
with Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, a y^^^ - _^^l\
It will restore the organs to their normal con- / | ( <^00^^^/i\ \
In this connection Mrs. E. L. Mtebs, Quak-/ \ f J . .
ake, Pa., says: "My ovaries were badly dis-' f
eased, and for almost a year I suffered with se- 'S
vere burning pains which were almost unendurable, and a dull, heavy pain in
the lower portion of my back. If standing I was most relieved with my foot
resting on a stool or chair. The doctor, told me I would have to take my
bed and keep quiet. I had not used half a bottle of Lydia E. Pinkham's Vege-
table Compound before it worked wonders with me. I now owe my health
to. the Compound. To those who are suffering from diseases peculiar to wo-
men, I would say that Lydia E. Pinkham's Vegetable Compound is just what
they need."
Mrs. Pinkham wishes to befriend you, and if you will write her at Lynn,
Mass., telling her just how you feel, she will give you the very best advice
free of charge. Think what a privilege it is to be able to write to a woman
Who is learned in all these matters,' and willing to advise you without charge.
CURIOS FOR THE
MINING FAIR
Extensive Preparations for
a Most Elaborate
Exhibition.
Artists and Carpenters to Take
Possession of the Pavil
ion To-Day.
Telegrams From Interior Counties
Tell of Large Appropria
tions.
The headquarters of the Golden Jubi
lee Mining Fair will be transferred to
the Mechanics" Pavilion to-day, and
the entire staff of officers will at once
begin the task of Installing the ex
hibits.
The Pavilion was thrown open yes
terday for the reception of goods, and
an army of carpenters, scenic artists
and workmen took possession of the
building and prepared to g'X every ex
hibit Into shape In anticipation of
opening day, which is yet three weeks
off.
Never In the history of San Francisco
will there be a more characteristic ex
hibition of the products of California
than will be presented in the mining
fair.
There will be all kinds of freak shows
and things that will delight the popu
lar mind. One firm alone has taken a
space 30x40 feet, where it will com
mence the erection of a log cabin, such
as Is found in the Klondike country,
and in this will be maintained a regu
lar old-fashioned outfitting store,
where goods will be shown just as they
are displayed on the arrival of a
steamer on the Yukon.
Up near the exhibit of the North
Bloomfleld Mining Company a space of
about 3000 square feet has been re
served for the Dawson City Theater,
where will be a repliqua of the most
famous dance held In that far away
northern town. Every evening min
strel performances, by celebrities from
Alaska, will b*> presented, and artists
intending to make a tour of the coun
try will be afforded an opportunity to
present themselves to the public and
secure the verdict of the San Fran
cisco audience before proceeding north
ward.
Manager Benjamin of the mining de
partment announces that all the space
assigned to the mining counties has
been filled. Telegrams came piling in
y.Pt»rday from all the mining counties
announcing subscriptions to make
creditable displays. The Boards of Su
pervisors of the various counties met
on Monday and, without exception,
granted the wishes of their constitu
ents regarding the desired approprla
, tions.
Among the dispatches received last
evening were these from Amador and
Nevada counties:
JACKSON, Jan. 4.— The Board of Su
; pervisors has appropriated $250 In aid
or the golden jubilee.
NEVADA. Cal., Jan. 4— The Board
of Supervisors to-day appropriated
52000 toward making an exhibit of Ne
vada County gold ores and other min
ing products at the golden jubilee fair.
B N Shoecraft of this city and
John Eddie of OraM Valley have been
employed to superintend gathering and
arranging exhibits and are at work.
The general committee of one hundred
I will meet here Punday.
Ao Old Plooeer Dead.
Roland R. Bunker of Mnrttuez, father
of W. M. Bunker, proprietor of the
Dally Report, died last Monday.
The fltitfrfl was a native of Nan
tucket, Mass.. and was nearly 77 years
of age at the time of his death. Up to a
few months ago he had been for many
y. -:irs publisher of the <"ontra Costa Ga
zette, and he was one of the best-known
of the. interior newspaper men. Though
for some time past he had shown evi
dence of failing bodily strength, it was
not until about a week before his demise
that he was compelled to take to his
bed— after which, however, he railed
steadily until the end came.
Mr ' Punker was of the Huguenot
bl-od. his ancestors being among those
who purchased the island of Nantucket
from the Indians in IGT.O. He came to
('ulirirnia in ISSO and secured an Interest
in the Price Current and Shipping List,
a commercial publication of the eariy
dnvs In 1860 he became Identified with
the paper before mentioned, which he
conducted so long. »....«■ , , ,
The funeral will be held at 1:30 o'clock
this afternoon at the residence of the
stepdaughter of the deceased, Mrs.
Bragdon, in Martinez.
State Library Trustees' Meetlrjg
The regular monthly meeting of the
State .Library Trustees was held at the
office of Dr. Gardiner yesterday after
noon, all the trustees being present ex
cepting Peter Shields. Aside from the
usual routine business the principal
theme of the meeting was the binding of
Looks papers and periodicals. Many of
the book* and magazines belonging to
th<- library have been for a long time
nast nt The State Printing Offlc \ await'
me attention which cannot be bestowed
ui»>n them until the State Printer has a
n'-w appropriation. There is also an ad
ditional accumulation of work of this
kind at the library, and in view of the
fact that the State is temporarily un
able to do the work it was resolved to
learn from the Attorney-General
whether it might not be given to private
i parties and paid for with funds now in
'possession of the trustees.
NEW TO-DAY.
BIENNIAL STATEMENT
THE fIBERNIA
Savinp mi Loan Society,
Made in accordance with an Act of
the State Legislature, passed March
23, 1893, and hereto annexed, to wit:
The People of the State of California
represented in Senate and Assembly,
do enact as follows:
Section 1. The Caehler or Secretary
of every Savings Bank, Savings and
Loan Society, and every institution in
which deposits of money are made and
interest paid thereon, shall, within fif-
teen days after the Ist day of Decem-
ber, in the year one thousand eight
hundred and ninety-three, and within
fifteen days of the Ist day of Decem-
ber of each and every second succeed-
ing year thereafter, return to the
Board of Bank Commissioners a sworn
statement, showing the amount stand-
ing to his credit, the last known place
of -residence or Postofflce address, and
the fact of death, if known to said
Cashier or Secretary, of every depositor
ho shall nof* have made a deposit
therein, or withdrawn therefrom any
part of his deposit or any
part of the interest thereon, for the pe-
riod of more than ten years next pre-
ceding; and the Cashiers and Secreta-
ries of such Savings Banks, Savings
and Loan Societies and institutions for
deposit of savings shall give notice of
these deposits in one or more newspa-
pers published in or nearest to the city,
city and county or town where such
banks are situated at least once a
week for four successive weeks, the
cost of such publications to be paid
pro rata out of said unclaimed depos 7
its; provided, however, that this Act
shall not apply to or affect the deposit
made by or in the name of any person
known to the said Cashier or Secre-
tary to be living, any deposit which,
with the accumulation thereon, shall
be less than fifty dollars.
Sec. 2. The Board of Bank Commis-
sioners shall incorporate In their sub-
sequent report each return which
shall have been made to them, as pro-
vided in Section 1 of this act.
Sec. 3. Any Cashier or Secretary of
either of the banking institutions men-
tioned in Section 1 of this Act neglect-
ing or refusing to make the sworn
statement required by said Section 1
shall be guilty of a misdemeanor.
In accordance with the foregoing the
following statement Is submitted, as
appears from our books at close of
business on the Ist day of December,
A. D. 1897, to wit:
Nam* J - I Address. I A meant
i i i
Andt-rson.Andrew San Francisco 5 602 37
Armstrong, Fan- •
D l« J. Xapa Cttr. Cal 60 69
Back'trom. L. 1... 132 Steuart St.. S.F. lib" u6
1 assaid. J0hn..... ''an Francisco 1,793 73
Beno. Henry G... Kearny and Jack-
aon iUt., b» F 2,74120
Bishop, William.. I"nckele» .. B*B7
Bouaquet, Allr«.d.. "VS indsorHotet." S.
F. 499 22
Krady. P. F •>»" ir»neisc > 1144 la
lir»n<lon. Patrlclt. Belrooni, >cv. 65 17
l.ryson. Mary 23 Beale St., a. F.. 99 47
Bu.l«t, Vincent... 8M F.ddy st.. *. F.. 136 50
v.ahtli, Mary V2O Ktevens;n *v,
f*. F 79 9-
CaUagban, Jerry.. " VVetttern Hotwl." •', ■■ ,
. Broad war si., S. F. 64 94
Carroll, Catherine, -au Francl<co. ..:... b6 &9
Uj»ae. Mary (tei _
O. C. Starr)..... Urass Valley, Ke-
■ vadaCo.Cal ..... P5 f)9
Chrnlen, F.ueene. -an MateoCo.. Cal. . . 619.^8
CiaßVy. J0hn...... -un Francisco i;i 49
Uarlc>on. Wll.lam jI roy, CiU. ...:..... 6u iti
Close, Ne11ie....... "Plsna Honse," a
X 63 B5
Coleman, John... Cor. First and Fol-
l| som bi«., 8. F SSS 61
Collins, Wary : Noaddress.. 6by 43
Connelly, Mary...| tildy ana Jones sta. - ••
a *' 6EOSB
Conuo'.ly. Slichsel, 15 Minna nt.,r>. F.. 77 43
Corbrit, K-Tnard.. 1 ucson, A, T 4.904 82
C'orrtgari, Uueh. a • . .
miuor j 118 V4i B«venth St., - <^v;
i 1i 1 a. »■ ..— 8418
Creamer, James.. Paciflc St., t% F f69 68
Crosby. J..,. ph.... : J*o Mission s:., X.F 109 80
Daly. Maria ...... S->anS ->an * ranclaca ...... 6201
I>avls,Anui« .21MJXIH St., t?. F.. Sl7 H7
Charles... 3an Francisco....... I:so7o
Dillon, Mary San Kranclsca 11l 44
i)oher.», Mary.... S«n Joae, Cal. ...... 9U 08
Do.mliue, Mervyn
j ; Sao Mateo, Ca1..... £88 78
rone.an, Patrick. |No address ......... 80 42
Loman, Peter .Uronlway and can
I som- s« , s>. P.... ' 124 68
ronovan, Jerry... OiusldeMia.-don.s.F. 4-J6 05
Donovan, Johu.... 410 Htevensoa St.,
. » F 486 8<
Duffy. William.. .Hau Francisco. 81*47
Kdnards, lbos.M. »a Mateo. U.iL «7 74
Kly. AsnesC s»n Frandaco 173 88
Kmeiiy, Citrxie.... 15 Belden place, f.
K. 6389
Faughnev, Win. .. Orland, Colusa Co..
val _ # 1,849 14
Feary, Bridget
-Julia.... 1 . US Hydest, S. F.. ! 64109
Flamgati, James.. No address . ..;;..;, <• 9U t>o
Flynu. John Potrero. >". X 95 48
Fouler, James W.kar-* of Frank . .
o'Xeail, W I c k -
bam, New Castle, ■jv.-'.r/
N. Si. W 181 13
Frasse, Henry Kern Co., Cvi 1,007 95
(ialney.ElixabthM 141 Fourth *•„ s. F r»o 30
Uebsou, WU.lam.. ■■PhiUilelpiiii
llcuae," *. F 167 61
GifTord, David 8.. -iin Francisca - 206 &8
oouM, John "Wtal Cheer
Hou»e," 8. F 113 06
(<rab am, James... lrnckce, Cal 367 25
Oreeli.Mary Knreka, Xer 3^4 73
llunsen, Christian 30 Wasbln^'.on st.,
r^. F \ 112 47
HelllMv, Jum s- No addreis 131 94
Henry. Anne. 8 Polk St., H. F 12J 20
liogan, homaa. . . steamer 'Pa loan" < 10 ■ 18
Houoii. James.... 706 «att*ry st.. S F : 7 97
Holoh*n, Jame».. -an Francisca M 7 78
Ilorgan. ]:an1«1... i2l Pacific si , S. F. 17474
Uow«rd, MaryT.B "lirnnd Hotel. " <.F. 09 M$
uubert, N San Franc sea - 12 74
Hughes, Wll'lam. SinFrancl»co. i-68 77
liyiuiiii, Jotiu A., >oaddress 144 40
Jrtie. Clotllde Ag-
. r,es 574 FoWornBt.,S» *". 11419
Jobanson, Johan. 14C' Fi>lsom st., M. F. 1,C6.»9l
Johnson, James... San Fraucnco 'JiOuS
Jonson, Albert.. Jt> steuart s:.. F.. 1,043 69
Joseph, Manuel... NOaddress 1,338 48
Keouicn. Pet«r.... 21^ broaduay s;.,
S.F. 34161
Kerr, Jau« 161S Howard St.,
H*l 65 48
Klernao, Bernard "Bnsh-st. ilouae, '
a. r". 97 60
Th«odor. . 'an Francisco 1'i664
Knster, Anna 11.. Brooklyn, Cal 516 4;
Lankershtm.
James B. Los AngeJes. Ca1.... 65 93
law lor, lboniaa.. "A r lea n Ex-
cbaniie v o 19 ],■
». F 60292
Le Breton. Julia.. 1414 s'otVer St., r*. F. ' UO 2 16
Lewlj, Margaret.. Twenty-thlrU ano
: Fo'soiii sta., B *'. 244 03
Lynch, Corneitu 928 Fliteentb «t..
>. F. , 6899
Lyi-.cli, Kdward.. >blp"\Vasb Lebby" 74 43
LyiiCh. Patrick... "RentuoKy House. 1
i-layst. a.F 406 S3
Lycii«, J0hn....... -47 .Vilnlon s., B.F. 783 8a
Lyons, J. h........ .Vo addre55.......... 6U 41
MacLeod. William >a moo Cieek, i:eu
Uoctno Co., 1 a 1.'... 361 9'J
Mahon, J0hn...... St. X-ouis, Hlrrra
j Co.,>.aJ ....:.. 7269
Mabooey, Mary... San l-rauclsco '56143
Mnun, h«-n]nniin. . daho Cltjr. Idaho.. 2.609 76
Mt'tc.tif. . a-i Quentia. Aiarl::
I Co.. Cal 60 32
Millar, Henry w. -an Franclsca 61 i' 4
Mo<ouey, O«r«>tt. Tllcho, Nev 101 B.
Morkau. Michael. No addre55.......... 1,493
Mulr, ilarv- or
David Mulr San Jose, CaU 6132
Mur.-hv. Dn.lel.. I'an FrancUco 257 67
Muri<liy, Mary -»n Joe. Cal.. ' S4l 70
Murpby. Mich:iri. Sacramento, Ca1.... 30W173
Murray, Caihrrlnv 87 >.<re«nwich St.,
. »*. X 0»10
Murray. John Davlsv.lle, cal 803 02
McArJle. Kdward iinmllion.. 3,340 66
McCitrihv, Joha - •
nah 1 Mi Marke' tt ,S 6189
McDonald, P. J... ->an fraucUco. ' 7XBB
McKarnan, «iwon Man l''ranc:sco 1,423 (.0
Mc>ulty, James. . WhMu.fcr llousl-
S. F... 49i96
McPhall, C01in.... 17-mli* llouir, tSan ■
Mateo. Ca1........ ' 68 61
Nielson, N:lls. ... Has', bet. Jarksou
- • and Pacllic ■ s:s.,
s. F 4554b
Ml.son, Peter Bark "Free Trade". 07 01
.Nur.on, Tbomas . V3.'l Missl.n at.. l
s*. X..... 13686
O'Bilen, iiernard. "Lick Hods »," S. F. 66 V 8
U'brlfii. Denis .. Point K#y»-«, tal 17i$ 40
U'UileD, Mary .... Broadway ami
Kearny sis., 8. F.. 87H 95
O'Brien, Rosanna. San Francisco...... 60 ti
O'L'on nor, Maria. . *iOI6 MUsloa at..
■ .i., b.F ... 1749&
NEW TO-DAY.
Xamx. Address. Amount.
O'Leorr, Johann Tomfcsione, a. T... $719
O'A.ill, Ann 18 Clara »v, 8. F... 449 52
O'Neill, Joseph... U*aiisoni»st. *.F. t4 8*
O'Neill, Mary.... Alameda Point, Cal. 69 1*
C'Kei ly, i^llza
leth 741 Harrison »U,
s. F. 9>68
O'Reilly, F.ngene. Central Hotel, 8. F. 84 51
<)'-uilivan. c. D.. -tv; Francisco.... 369 I* 1
Padey, Catherine. ( . W. cor. Union
i and Montgo-nerv
aye.; *.!• 398
Pierce. Mary Jane Xo address 31480
lVrulcrtast, Jere-
[ miah. "Empire Hotel,"S
! F...., 12,77471
Pereiras, Antonio \;iey off Ureen st..
. . ii-,- ; nearsiocktou st ,
| c. F. 1,524 65
| Potter, William... Cor. »ucranu>nti>
Mid Stockton sts.,
! s. F 6768
Powers, Nellie.... >t)2 >ioc*ioti st.,
• ! ». F 6972
! Kaffertv, Peter.. Sacramen:o. a 1.... 64X7
j liedaing, Wini-
tndS 759 Market St., S.F. 6004
! Keynoias,illchae i.o Angeles, Ca'. ... 164 73
; Blehur. Oito 2Tnrt 81.. 8. y.... Bl 84
hobiaaon, Hllen.. 17 Vulifnclast.,S.F. 6^86
fainui-ison. Kdwi:i 15 Howard su, H, S 6'JB 00
Bbc», Nora Carson. .Nev 92 «O
! Mirei:an, C Uraaiilla. Or 386 40
Mlva, Pedro An-
j touio Idaho 8793
I Mivera, Manuel L 116 Jackson St., ti.b 76.' Bl
>oares, Antonio P Miilbrae, Cal 60 46
! tte-a-ardt, lleury .1 hip -'Dublin" 1.39'/ 40
Siewnrt. Hose San KiaiiCisc;) 315 33
Buli»v»n. Patrick. Wi Eighth St.. S. F.. 65 SO
I Sull'van. Timothy -an irancUco 800 27
Taff.-, Mary.. Flf.h st , nor th ol
.\a'.i st., -. F.. £08 94
Taylor, William.. J4 >acrumento si.
S. 1 12421
i Thlneler, Janett«-.!-<an Francisco 67 4a
Thorapaon, J. A.. ! Willows, Cal 62 59
Toitiuann, HansN|4l9 as; S"., t>. F... 63 «j
I Tracy, i:dward... ti Whitman place,
S. F 83 75
! Tracy. Ellen 31 Kuss s: , S. F... 300 14
: Trimble, Jane 93.' Folaom St., Si F -88 Btt
| Turley.La-.herlne.. Cure of Mrs, Doyle,
x' wenty - seveu t h
st, e.F 252 15
\ Walker, Gooree... -anta Paula, Ven-
tura Ua.caL 174 49
Walsh, Thomas. . Eureka, liumbo.di
ca. Cal 246 51
Whippey, George ' *
F salt Lake City.Utah 883 47
Whittle, John -ummerville. Con-
tra Costa C0., Ca1.. 393 53
Williams, William San Francisco 5J 70
Total (72,365 64
State of California, City and County of
San Francisco — ss.
I do solemnly swear that I have a
personal knowledge of the matters con-
tained in the foregoing statement, and
that every allegation, statement, mat-
ter and thing therein contained is true
to the best of my knowledge and be-
lief.
ROBERT J. TOBIN, Secretary-
Subscribed and sworn to before me
this 6th day of December, 1897.
GEORGE T. KNOX, Notary Public.
In and for the City and County of San
Francisco, State of California.
Coke! Coke! Coke!
p. a. McDonald
813 FOLSOM STREET, '
Wholesale dealer and shipper of the best
brands of
FOUNDRY AND FURNACE COKE.
I have on hand a lance quantity.' of San
Francisco Coke, superior to anthracite for
furnace or cannel for grate use. This coke Is
made from the best Wallsend coal, and can
recommend it to consumers as an Al article.
Will Deliver Any Amount From a Sack to a Shipload.
CARLOAD ORDERS SOLICITED. ; .:..r'
|
The pur* essential extract from the native drujc. On*
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opiunj
without 'ts iioxto'ts elements. No sickness cf Ftomarhf
aoTomlt.ng; no costivencsa; no headache. AUDrujntUta.
OCEAN TBAVEL. *
'.idft&lgwaMEasa&SliSt The s.s. moan a
e& ila vl » HONOLU-
I3jk?W\Um Lt; an(l AUCKLAND
m^rzi Saai 1 . ior SYDXEY. Satur-
PHSiMftßlfl u;iy. Jan. 9 - at MO AN A
3« Mil IE * al!3 via HONOLU-
rgi™* 3 " *LU and AUCKLAND
Q±S^~Y '~* > \ uay, Jan. 8, at 10 p. m.
lS^!^WA\lryimSnin'J ror HONOLULU oaly
(yiWlnlJlllp for HONOLULU oaly
X^S^^ /OrnBSrZH^ 1 Tuesday, Jan. 25, at
C^s> ■_ \wuif/vivv) 2 p. m. Special party
1 . rates
Lino to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPH
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO., Agents.
114 Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf j/B&S^
San Francisco, as follows: &S4SSC
For ports in Alaska. 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 18.
21 26 31, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
! send. Seattle. Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
! New Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.). %
i a m., Jan. 1. 6. 11. 16, 21, 26. 31. and every
I fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry-. at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at
Seattle with Great . Northern Ry., and com-
! pany's steamer for Alaska.
i ' For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
| mona, 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5, 10. 14, IS, 22, 26, 31,
I Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20, 25, 29.
For Santa Cmz, Monterey, San Simeon, Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obispo), Gavi-
ota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme, San
i Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
! Newport, 9 a.m., Jan. 1. 5, .0, 13, 17. 21. 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San. Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara. Port
i Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
: a. m.. Jan. 3, 7. 11, 15. 19. 23. 27. 31. and every
i fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz. Santa Ro-
| salla and Guaymas (Mex.). 10 a. m.. Jan. 6 and
2d of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
; without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
; and hours of sailing.
TICKR i OFFlCB— Palace Hotel, 4 New
! Montgomery st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CiDP S5 First Class Includlns Berth
rAKD $2.50 2d Class and Meal -
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California — Jan. 8, 13, 23
Columbia Dec. 29, Jan. S. IS, 2S
Through tickets and through bagga*'i to at!
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR, General Agent.
630 Market street.
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
Corapagnie Generale Transatlantique.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (.new), « North j^ja.
Rlvsr. foot of Vorton St. Travelers <">frLj\
by this line avoid both transit by""™*
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. Xew York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first clasa $160.
second class $116.
LA BRETAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE December IS. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIE ...December 25, 19 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE ...January L 10 a. m.
LA 8RETAGNE... ....... ..January 8. 10 a. in
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET, Agent,
Xo. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye. San Francisco. ■ - ' ■•
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 6
p. in. Daily.
FREIGHT RKCEIVKi) Lf TO 5:30 P. M.
Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glv-
inp through freight rates to all points on th»
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T C. WALKER, J- D. PETERS,
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephonu Mi; ln SO5 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YAKD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer ' Monticello."
Mon., Tuts.. Wed.. Thurs. anrl Sat
9:<5 a. m. and 3:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 r- m.. 9 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. Pier 2.
Telephone Green 3SI.
For San Jose, Los Qatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sundays
excepted) fit 10 a. m.; Alviso daily iSaturdaym
exceptod) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 50c:
to San Jose, 7Ec. Clay street, Pier 1. U NorUl
First street. Ban Joee.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver unchanged.
"Wheat quiet. Barley advancing.
Oats, Corn and Rye unchanged.
Beans Inactive. Seeds dull.
Hay firm. Feedstuffs unchanged.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Los Angeles Vegetables in oversupply.
Butter still lower. Eggs weak.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry arrived.
Game rather easier.
Froren Oranges coming in.
Lemons dull ar.d weak. Limes scarce and
Jlgher.
Provisions inactive.
Hides advanced ajrain.
No change in Wool and Hops.
Hogs in smaller supply.
Leather firm. j
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ares at station indicate maximum temperature
for the days: those underneath it. If any. the
amount or rainfall, of molted snow in Inches
und hundredths during the past twelve hours,
{sobars. or solid lines, connect points of equal
Hr pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "high"" meaas high
barometic pressure and is usually accompanied
with fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
By cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is high in the Interior and low
■Jong the coa.«t. and (he isobars extend uorth
ard ro'.ith along the coast, rain is probable;
but -.hen the "low" is inclosed with Isobars of
•n.irkec. curvature, rain south of Oreg-on i* im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idah'>. and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be eipected
In s.ummer and colder weather in winter. The
re\-erpe of these conditions will produce an
oppovit* result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. Jan. 4. 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past :
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka • 22 15
Red Bluff 0 6.06 11.46
Sacramento 0 4.22 6 43
Lcs Angeles 0.04 2.56 s!ll
Br.n Francisco 0 4.07 11 10
Fresno 0 1.99 4 11
San Luis Obispo 0 I.ES 7 74
San Diego 0.22 1.75 4 26
T-ima 0.04 0.89 1.98
San Francisco temperature: Maximum. E4;
mlrilmum. 44; mean. 49.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
. An area of high pressure continues over
Utah, Idaho and Wyoming. A feeble low lies
over Northwestern Washington and Van
couver Island. There has been but little
change in the pressure during- the past twenty
four hours.
The temperature has fallen slightly over
Northern California. Elsewhere It has re
mained nearly stationary-
Rain has fallen daring the past twenty-four
hours over Southern California, Arizona and
Northern Washington.
A maximum wind velocity of 36 miles per
hour from the south is reported at Fort Canby.
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
b urn ending midnight, Jan. 5, 1898:
Northern California — Cloudy Wednesday
probably without rain, except in extreme
northwestern portion; southerly winds
S Southern California — Cloudy Wednesday
southerly winds.
Nevada— Wednesday.
Utah— Fair Wednesday.
Arizona — Fair Wednesday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Cloudy Wednes
day, probably without rain: southerly winds
Special report from Mount Tamalpalß. taken
p.t 5 p. m.— Cloudy: wind south. 12 miles: tem
perature 46; maximum. 48.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
•
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW TORK. Jan. 4.-Prlces of utock showed
ft further decline to-day, and there was noth- !
ing: to indicate that the decline was due to any '
other cause than the preponderance of those
who desired to se'.l rver those who desired to <
buy. There wa» some short selling by the
professional bears, but no marked recuperation '
such as would he caused by the covering of '■
Bhorts was manifest, and the bears. If they <
E«ild, were apparently content to leave their
contracts open. The specialties continued to j
absorb the largest share of business. The !
market showed a broader tendency and the li- i
quidation extended more generally through the I
Hat. Net losses of a large fraction are gen- '
eral throughout the list, and a number of :
prominent specialties and railroad stock*, no- !
tably among Southern and Southwestern roads i
and the coalers, show net losses of a point or '
over "iesteraays flurry ln the money market
wnlch carried rates up to 6 per cent was not I
r-peated to-day, but rates were firm and the
largest part of the day's transactions wa«
made at 4 per cent, with exceptions at 3« per '
nn t \i. Th T e clearln X hov e statement discloses
that the January Interest disbursement* result
ed in the transfer of a little over $4,000,000 from
tlw treasurer to the New York money market
as Indicated by the treasury's debit bal-
The day's exchanges at the clearing house '
ran up to the enormous total of »230.731.2fi5 and
the balances rooted up over $1f1,500 000 To- :
morrow s Union Pacific payment of $8,500 000 >
which j. Is to be . covered into the treasury in
cash, doubtless figures in the transactions, but
there were evidently he-ivy banking operations
In addition quite sufficient to account for the '
flurry ln the money market yesterday. In view
of the proportionately umall surplus reserve
there are not such confident predictions heard
of an immediate easing of the rates of money
as were current la;-t week, though the ex- ■
change irarkft holds firm on a demand which
is based on a presumption of lower rates for
money ln the near future.
The demand for bonds was not heavy to-day
but prices were well held. Total sales. Ji -
650,000. ' '
• United States old 4s, ' registered, were V 4
lower bid to-day, and the Cs were U higher
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-Total sales of stocks
to-day. 204,700 shares, including:-
Atch!son preferred, MX: L. & .V.. 3660- Man
hattan. 26.483; Metropolitan Stre-t Railway
60S0; Missouri Pacific, 7145; Northern Pacific
preferred, 2590; Rock Island. f,9!>Q- St Paul '
21,177; American Tobacco. 7450; Chicago Ore-it
Western, 4120; People's Gas. ]2,260; Sugar.lJ.-
SS3; Western Union, MBS. * -'.'■'."'■'■ ;
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-The. Evening Posfs
London financial cablegram:
The stock markets here were rather dull to
day, the only feature being a strong Inquiry
for Arg-cntlnes, which have risen sharply.
Americans were dull on the New York weak-
Beaa, the operators here entirely awaiting a
lead from th» ether side. There is no Initia
tive hero, where the disposition is to center
speculative activity on Argentines and mines,
with a. weather eye open to Americans, If in
clined to move.
Important negotiations are proceeding here
as to a Chinese loan. Spanish and most other
foreign stocks were good on strong support
from Paris. China and Japan securities have
risen sharply. Grand Trunks ■ were b<K>mlng
on largely increased freight receipts. l
OoM la at 77s 10Ud. ;-■■.<■
The Paris and Berlin markets were firm.
NEW YORK GRAIN" AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— Flour— Receipts, 39.
4t3 barrels; exports. 25.560. Quiet and barely
steady.
■fVHKAT— Receipts, 130,426 bushels; exports
807,163 bushels. Spot, flrm; No. 2 r»d. $1 00%.
Options opened weak and sold oft all the fore
noon under short selling and some •■ liquidation
Inspired by lower cables and foreign selling,
but finally rallied sharply on export business,
closing only 4@\c net lower. No. 2 red, Jan
uary, 97®97»ic, closed 97^c; May, 92%@93Uc.
closed 934 c.
HOPS— Very firm.
WOOL— Very firm.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
PIGIRON— market closed dull.
86 65<£6 75.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged at 810 85(gll.
TlN'— Quiet and unchanged at $13 76(813 85. ,
SPELTER— Unchanged at S3 90®4.
LEAD— DuII. $3 674@3 734; brokers'. $3 55.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady at
1.V(i25 points net deHlne. Sales, 10,000 bags, in
cluding January. $5 70@5 SO; March, $6 90#5 95.
SPOT COFFEE— Rio, quiet; No. 7 invoice.
6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7c; mild, quiet; Cordova,
B%<f 15c.
SUGAR— Strong for raw; refined, strong.
Ni:\Y YOKK. Jan. 4.— Butter— Receipts. 4700
park-ages. Firm; Creameries. 15ijT22e; Elgins.
22c; factory, 12015 c.
EGGS— Receipts, 7800 packages. Firm; State
and Pennsylvania. 22fg"254c; Western. 22@24c.
DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.— California Dried
Fruits: Apples, firm: other fruits quiet and
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common. s@7c;
prime wire tray. Si??SUc; wood-dried, prime,
SUGSUc: choice. SVi<JTi>%c; fancy, 9@9%c.
PRUNES— «Mo.
APRICOTS— RoyaI, 7<g>gc: Moorpark. 9@llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 73'10c; peeled. 12@20c,
MINING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12*1, St Paul & Om 76
Do pref 29H Do pref 14S
Bait & Ohio 13 7 Si PM i M 121
Can Paclflo 81% So Pactno 30
Can Southern .... Bl So Railway 8%
Cent Pao 10% Do pref 80
Ches & Ohio .... 21% Tex tk Pao 11
CM & Alton .... IS2 Union Pacific .... 25%
C B & Q 98% U P D & G 6%
Chi At E 111 524 Wabash 7Vi
C C C 4 St L.... S3 Do pref 17%
Do pref 75 Wheel «t L. E.... 2
Del & Hudson .. 11l Do pref S
Del L <fc W 155 Express Companies—
T>tm <s R 0 11 Adams Ex 158
Do pref 45% American Ex .... 115
Erie (new) 144 United States .... 89
Do Ist Dref .... 37 Wells Fargo 110
Ft Wayne 1684 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor nref .... 130 A Cot Oil 2\\.
Hocking Val .... 5% Do pref 75
Illinois Cent 103 Ami) Spirits 7^
Lake Erie & W.. 154 I Do pref 19
Do pref 70%| Am Tobacco S8
Lake Shore 170 ' Do pref 115
Louis & ..ash .... 66Vi \ People's Gas .... 95
Manhattan L 110 Cons Gas 177
Met St Ry 130%;C0m Cab Co .... 175
Mich Cent 100 Col F & 1 24>4
Minn & St L.... 25 I Do pref 75
Do Ist pref .... S5 iGen Elec 334
Mo Pacific 32V j Illinois Steel .... 45
Mob & Ohio .... 2S'« i Laclede Gas 44
Mo X & T Lea.l 36%
Do. pref 34% j .Do pref 106
Chi Ind & L 8% I Nat Lin Oil .... 17
Do pref $0 |Or Ima Co 18
N J Cent 94% Pacific Mall 23%
N T Cent 105 585 8 ; Pullman Pal 1724
X V C & St L.... 12% i Silver Cert 56\
Do Ist pref .... 65 Stan R& T 3
Do 2d pref .... 7.24 Sugar 1404
Nor West 14 j Do pref US
No Amer Co .... 4ViiT C & Iron 25 1 .;
No Pacific 20% 'U S Leather 6%
Do pref 663b | Do pref 63
Ontario & W .... 16% U S Rubber 15%
Or R 4 Nay 36 1 Do pref 634
Or Short Line .. 20 jWest Union 89%
Pittsburg 16S Chi & N W 1194
Reading 21Hi Do pref 163
Rock Island KS-S Pt L & S W 4
St L & S F 7*V Do pref 9Vi
Do Ist pref .... 56% R Q W 22
Do 2d pref 26% i Do pref 69%
St Paul i2-<, Chi & G W 14',
Do pref MJH'Haw Com Co 28
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 128 N Carolina 6s .. 125
Do coup 12.$ , Do 4s 101
U S 4s 112 V; No Pac lsts .... 116
Do coup 113H Do 3s &i\
Do 2ds 994 IXx <s 95V»
U S 5s reg 1144 N V C & S L 4s. IM%
Do 5s coup 114% Nor & W 6s 123
Diet 3 65s 103 1 Northwstrn cons. 1444
Ala class A 107 Do deb 5s 116H
Do B 107 O Nay lsts 112%
Do C 101 O Nay 4s 93?»
Do Currency ... 101 OS Line 6s tr.... 124
Atchlson 4s 89% O Line 5s tr 96T4
Do adj 4s 58 O Imp Ist* tr.... 100
Can So 2ds 10S% 1 Do 5s tr 45%
Chi Term 83i,|Pac 6» of 95 103",
C & Ohio 5s .... 114%jReadlng 4s 83%
C H & D 4%5.... 104«»'R W Ist* 82
D & R G 4s 59%:6 L I M C 65.. 88%
East Term lsts ..106 SLtc PF G 65.. 116
Erie Gen 4s 70 St P Con 1374
FW & D lsts tr. 70 8t PC & P luts.. 118%
Gen Elec 5s .... 1004 Do 5s 116
GH* 8 A 65.... 105 P Carolina non-f.. %
Do 2ds 100 So Ry 5s 924
H Sl T C 5s 10»> Stan R & T 65.... ■
Do con 6s 105 Term new set Ss.. 85
Io«a C lsts 99 TP L G lsU 97T»
Kan P Con tr.... S4y. > Do rg 2<is 25%
X P Ist Dtr 115 Union Pac lsts ... 103
La new cons 45.. 101% U P D & G lsts.. 4-4
L & N Unl 45.... 85* i Wab Ist 5s V<-
Mlssouri 6s 100 r>o 2ds 8074
M X & T 2d5.... 63^ W Shore 4s 104
Do 4s 864 Va Centuries .... ■
N V Cent lsts .. 116 Do deferred ... 3'i
! N J C 5s ILV
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 33|On*ario 2 50
Crown Point .... Ophir CO
: Con Cal & Va.... 1 2J 1 Plymouth ......... 10
Deaawood 1 On ; Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry 40 j Do pref 9 <<0
Hale & Norcrs... 1 40 } Sierra Nevada .. " 72
Homestake 35 00 1 Standard .' 1 4'i
Iron Silver 25 Union Con 20
Mexican 30 I Yellow Jacket ... 40
BOSTON. 'V- i\Y:
BOSTON, Jan. 4.— Atchison. 12%; Bell Tele
phone, 263; Burlington, 98; Mexican Central,
' 6vb; Oregon Short Line, 20. • ■..■*'
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4— Wheat was somewhat
Irregular to begin with. There were buyers of
May at from 91V» to 91H e on the start, as com
pared with 91»,@91^c at the close yesterday.
May very quickly began to give evidence of de
cided, weakness. About forty-five minutes after
the opening It weakened on n«*ws connected
with the Argentine situation and before the
decline brought In buyers enough to stop It
the price of May was 90\i£9 ( 'iS>c. The early
news was not particularly Influential either
way. Liverpool was quoted Hd lower at the
start. Indicating less weakness than was pre
vailing here. Paris was also said to be some
what lower, but the weakest feature of the
first batch of telegrams was what New York
had to cay of the selling by foreigners. The
Continent wan selling, they said, and buying
orders from France said to have been already
limited to a price below the market were re
ported canceled this morning. Then It was
said the foreign selling and French cancella
tions were because of heavy offerings of Ar
gentine wheat for early shipment. The Con
tinental cablegrams were weak In tone. Ant
werp quoted freer offerings from Argentina as
the reason for declining. May made a dip to
9P%c on this. Bradstreefs made the world's
increase for the week 1.835, 000 bushels, all but
400.000 bußhels of it on this side. In the after
noon New York reported fifty-five boat loads
taken for export and Infused some needed
strength into the trade. May rallied to 91
where it was quoted at the close.
Corn acted weak most of the day, but be
came fairly strong near the end. May closing
a r hade higher.
Oats were weak, elevator people selling Tery
freely. May closed a shade lower.
Provisions were weak from the start. The
clone was weak. May pork, 12Vjc lower; May
lard. 10c lower, nnd May ribs. 7>™c lower.
The leading future* ranged as follows:
Articles. |
Wheat Nr>. 2— /
Januarr
May
July
Corn No. —
January
May i
July
Oats No. 2—
January
May
Mess pork. p« bbl—
January
May :
Lard, p*r 100 Iba. —
January .......
May ................
.Short ribs. p«r 100 lbs.
January.
May !
|Open|Hlgh. |Low. |Closo
; j I
. 90% 90% 89% ' 90H
. 81% 97% i 90% 9H4
. 83% 83% 83 i 83
■ • 26%* 2«% 26% 26%
. 89% 29*' 28% 29
30% 80^! 29% 29%
. 20% 21 20% 21 '
. 25»4 23% 22% 23%
. 8 97% 900 J8 97V4i9 00
928 |9 25 915 920
j
. 4 72% 47S 4 7J% 4 72%
48* 490 4 83% 4 82%
'. 4 72% ! .
■4 65 4 67% 460 465
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
quiet and easy. No. 2 spring wheat. 8634 c: No
3 spring wheat. 78'3'86c: No. I red. 90ij,©*0»4c:
No. 2 corn, 26H©t5Hp: No. 2 oats, 22c; No 2
white, f. o. b.. 23V4©24\ic: No. S white, f. o. b .
23«T2M4c: No. 2 fye, 45% c; No. 2 barley, f. o.
b.. - 27340 c: No. 1 flaxseed, {1 16@1 20: prime
timothy need, |2 «7V| ; mess pork, per bbl . $90
9 05; lard, per 100 lbs.. 4 72't®4 75; short ribs
Bides (loose). $4 40^4 85; dry salted shoulders
(boxed),. $4 5004 78; short clear sides (boxed)
14 75(£4 8S: whisky, distillers' finished grx>ds'
per gal., $1 19.
Article*. Receipts. Shipments
Flour, bbls 40,000 19 000
Wheat, bu BS.OOO 90.000
Corn, bu 533.000 JB4'ooo
Oats, bu 689,000 872 000
Rye, b"  17,000 .6,000
Barley, bu 60.000 27,000
On the .Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries. 16@21c- dairies
12@18o; cheese quiet, MTbVic: eggs steady, fresh
22c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
■ , . Re^elpts.Shlpmente
Cities— , Bueh. Bush
Minneapolis .....185.760 47 250
Duluth .............101.655 , 13*800
Milwaukee 27.300 &0
Chicago • 87,600 , s IM
Toledo ...: _ 21,129  4000
.st. Loula , M .....,^.... JS.OOO 20,000
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1598.
Detroit ...... 11.8*6 . 10.082
Kansas City '. 24,500 21,600
Totals 494.530 122,404
! Tiii"iv:.ter—
: Boston 4. OSS
', New York .......
; Philadelphia ...... .......
I Baltimore . 68.444
I New Orleans '. 71.260
Totals
Liverpool Wheat Futures.
Wheat- . Jan. Mar.
Opening 6145 6 0 70
Cl s 'ng 60 go f,9 95
Flour—
Opening 2930 2855
i Closing 29 10 28 40
Paris Future*
_ Mar. May. July.Sept.
Opening 7414 72^ 00 66%
cloßln X ....... 7 44 7 2% 700 6 6>4
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 4.-CATTLE-Sales of steers
ranged all the way from *4@4 25 for common
grades up to $5 25@5 50 for the best offerings,
the bulk of the cattle crossing the scales at
84 30@5 10. Stockers and feeders sold fairly
well and butchers' and canners' cattle were
firm and animated. Calves were less active
and lower, choice lots selling at J8 15. North
ern-fed Texas cattle, were firm, and cattle di
rect from Texas were in demand at $2 7003 SO
for bulls, cows and heifers and 83 75f 1 35 for
HOGS— Heavy packers sold at 83 50W3 £5 and
prime Hogs at $3 65Q3 70, the bulk of the Hcgs
ESSTASgrm." * 355 ® 365 - Pigs BOld
SHEEP-Were wanted at $3®3 50 for the
poorest lots up to $4 65®4 75 for a few prime
to fancy flocks. Most of the receipts were fed
Westerns, sale, of which were chiefly at 83 90@
4 <5. Lambs were, salable at 84#4 60 for the
oommonest up to 85 70©5 75 for extra lots, most
ward.* offeringrß flndln buyers at 84 25 and up
16,W> OeiPt "~ CC * tU "' 600: H °* S> 000: Sheep,
KANSAS CITY.
ANSA , B CITY> Jan - «-CATTLE-Recelpta,
7000: market strong; Texas steers, 82 7554 85-
Texas cows. $2 2f.@S 30; native steer.. »3 20@6 :
SSS.°S^Vgffi? i? 8£ Btockers ™ d
h.?fi? O^~ R^ Celpt . 8 - 23 - m: market 5«10c lower;
bulk of sales. 83 45@3 50; heavier. $3 3:.©3 60-
ET?227v, 3 40i ? 3 67: mlxed - * 3 36©3 iiKht
* B rh?-V2 : I . r "' W 4s^*": pigs, »3@3 25.
SHKEP-heceipts. 3000; market strong;
lambs, 83 65@5 60; muttons, *2©4 55.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Jan. 4.— CATTLE— 1400
market steady, native beef steers. 83 8024 S0 :
estern steers. 83 60®4 30; Texas steers. $3®
4 65; oows and heifers. 8353 80; canners. 82®
M 0; to f, kers and feeders. $3 60^4 40; calves
$436; bulls and stags. 82 25<53 50. "*"«».
.•> "PCS— Re(:eiptß 6S00: market lower: heavy.
bulk% 40@3 I^' $3 s@z M: " Kht> * ■•■ 6^ ;
SHEEP— 3200: mark«t st«ady: fair
to choice naUves. ts 70@4 40; fair to choice
Westerns $3 6<^4 25; common and stock
sheep, 83@S SO; lambs, 84^5 50.
AVAILABLE GRAIN SUPPLY.
NEW YORK. Jan. 4.-Speclal telegraphic
cable advices to Bradstreefs covering the
principal points of accumulation indicate the
following changes In available supplies last
ur c : ay as compared with the preceding Sat
.. W HEAT— United Btates and Canada, east of
the Rockies. increase, 1.435.000 bushels; afloat
ror and in Europe, Increase, 400,000: world's
supply, total Increase. 1.535.000.
♦ CO *— United States aoU Canada, east of
«A^ TT e s> . Increase, 980.000 bushels.
° A United States and Canada, east of
the Rockies, decrease, 734.000 bushels
The more important decreases of Wheat not
reported in the official visible supply state-
F.T?VYL < luslvelv re P«rted to Bradstreefs
Include 450.000 bushels at Chicago private ele
h»£s' , bushels at Cleveland. 118.000
bushels at Galveston. 112.000 bushels at New
Orleans and 60.000 bUßhel at Northwestern In
t"nor elevators.
»i The lor1 ort nt increase Includes 160.000 bush-
b 1 u S sh t , Minneapolis private elevators and 75 000
bushels at points in Manitoba
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON. Jan. 4.-The demand in the Wool
market has been brisk the past week. The
market Is yet steady and there is still large
leeway In values before prices get to the im
porting basis under the present duty. The
Territory Wools are now selling at 4Sffsoc. and
the prospect is bright for an advance Fleece
Wools have met with little attention, but the
market holds firm. The sale of Australian
k nols holds °,n, n well and at odd prices, buyers
being deposed to operate freely. Quotations:
Jnl 1 " 1^^' 0018 ' Montana fine' medium and
TV \, 16 lv ISc: ,BCOU, BCOUI d - •*0@50o: staple. 52©63 -
EJS& wyomtoc. «to. fine medium and l line'
IS® 17c; scoured. 4S^soc; staple. 52^53c
Australian Wools, scoured basis combine
superfine. 70®72c; combing. g»7,d «5««S? do'
average. 62®66c; QueensUnd. comblngf 65c.'
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 4.-The local Wheat
market Is dull and lower, with but little dis
position on the part of exporters to do any'
L 4L 4c SS bl»«f Ua Walla ,18, 18 q^ ted nominaUy at
Cleared — m |, a nd bark r ' Galeorm buße'
v.iearea — British bark Galsrorm Cash*
Queenstown, 92.868 buehels Wheat Caßtle>
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA. Wash.. Jan. 4 —WHEAT— Vo. 1
bluestem, 77-* c; No. 1 club. 744 c.
PORTLANDS BUSfNFPP.
090 I ; baTa LAc?-&L A c? -&0 Jan - «-=«•■«««. «59.-
FOREIGN MARKETS.
JgHPOK. fc Ja "' Consol H314: Silver.
26»id; French rentes. 103 c 35c.
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 4-Wheat. quiet- car
goes off coast, buyers and sellers apart. 3d
lower; camgoes on passage, buyers and sellers
apart. 3d lower; English country market,
quiet. French country markets, dull; Wheat ln
£*klrk 1r - We^ k; Flour ln Paris - w «- a »<. quantuv of
J heat and Flour on passage to United Kine
dom. 2.750.000; quantity Wheat and Flour on
- to Continent. 1,370 000
COTTON— Uplands. 3' 4 d '
•
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange. 60 days _ v, ,
Sterling Exchange, sight ". _ *1 £L
Sterling Cables ... _ *, ~^»
New York Exchange, sight!;;:.'": - is
£rr n W Jn rk Exchan * c - telegraphlo. - i;u
Fine Silver, p«-r ounce . _ i-?
Mexican Dollars *****^ 41 . \s*
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
■ o ,r, HFH FR IOHTS Are flrm at rates last
! quoted. The chartered Wheat fleet In port h».
, a registered tonnage of 44.000, against m
I tons on the same date last Jear = dlsengaire.l
I 15.300 tons, against 107. 200; on the way to ?hi,
j port. 156.000. against 172.800. y t0 thls
8 9 Exports from this port 3 !5.lS eCe mm a abklna b klng tt e hh r e
i 899.008 ctls. valued at $1,323,160. the
1 5g %&?£% i?W crop y " ar of *"»
! pSHS&rZs. ftsarir&sr for Liver -
The market drags along • in the same old
I groove day after day. There 1. no news of im
portance as the current demand and supply
about balance all over th« world. "fvr
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $i 421,4
Si-S&i'ST Xo ',}' * 14S for choice 1 and
■ $ - 4.'..@1 50 per ctl for extra choice for milling
CALL, BOARD SALES
! $i^7 n s^ s trsr 9:15 ° >ctock - »y-«oo cti,.
Second Session— €000 ctls. $1 3SH: 2000.
m^SK^'% Morning Session— 2000 ctls
Fooo?*» : i wT" $1 39; 4000 il ***'• 3^- $1 ***■
i «i A 3%7 i i;:L ses l 59 n M ' y2OOOy 2000 ctia - n3s\: 2000.
BARLEY— The market continues to rise
; There is a good demand for choice Feed but it
Is a scarce article. "
. Feed 85®00c for dark to good and »J>4®9sc
I J r^ olce; dewing. $I@l 05 for No. 1 «d
»2H'9«7Hc per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SAI^ES.
Informal Session— o'clock— No sales
1 Second Session— No sales.
: ZOOO?^;^? 1^!. 6831011 " 2000 CUS 84C '
Afternoon Session— No sales.
»i? A ,i r Pr .r°,T" ha . ye not ch n K^ tor some llt
: us*ual"?obbin rr ghlßg hlBh 18 a Bteady demand for th
Fancy Feed. $1 15gl 20 per ctl: rood to
choice. $1 07',,® I common. »ioW«
105; Surpr se, $1 lutfl 30; Red $1 30®l In.
' Oray $1 121,®! 17%: MillJng. $1 m\utfn&
B t la . c , k -', for Me() . «35®150. Clipped Oats sell
at $IQ2 per ton over the raw product.
J*&SJ& m q p u!et for aII Jmmed need.
RYE-Jl@l 02H per ctl. VKr^ 3 -^ c - .
K\VHEAT-$l 86®1 50 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
U £-« i CaSh Plicea are: F * mll >- «tra..
$4 M? 4 60; Bakers' extras. »4 30®4 40 per bbl
MILLSTUFFS-Prices in Backs a^as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
F our »5 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour. J2 50 per 100
Rice Flcur. $5 75: Cornmeal. 14 25 extra cream
do. $3; Oatmeal. $2 60; Oat Groats $4 Hom
lny. $3 lO©3 JO; f Buckwheat Flour. a@3°M :
Cracked Wheat. $3 25: Farina, $4 60- Whole
Wheat Flour $3 25; Rolled Oati (bbls). $i 700
6 9°: In Backs. 13 75: Pearl Bar ey. $4; Split
Peas. $3 50; Green do. (l 25 per 100 ib"
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The Hay market continues flrm and sale*
are being made at full figures. Feedstuff are
unchanged.
BRAN— 60® 18 50 per ton.' ' '
MIDDLINGS-J23e2J 60 per ton. ■
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley, 120021 per
t toa;.OUc*k. Meal at the mill, HI6W» M;
Jobbing, 830; Cocoanut Cake, 81»«>2«; Cotton
seed Meal. 829<?3n per ton.
HAY— Wheat. Bl3ifflv* per ton; Wheat and Oat,
$12 .oigi4 50; Oat. $llffl3. Barley. 811«12 60;
compressed. 812 50^14 50: alfalfa, 89@10; stock,
|10(Q,ll; Clover. f.<s lo p^r t.,n.
STRAW-30@4ic per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans have not changed for some time, and
the market is quiet. With free stocks In the
hands of speculators. Seeds are motionless.
BEANS — Bayos. 82 90@3; Small Whites.
l\ Ss®S 5 ® 1 37%; Large Whites. 81 1501 S5; Pinks.
81 io@l 80; Reds. 81 40@l 65; Blackeye, 82 50;
Bu""^. 81 40@i 50; Llmas. 81 60©l 70; Pea.
$1 25@1 40 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, 83 per ctl: Yellow
Mustard. 82^2 60; Flax. 81 80®f; Canary Seed.
2Uf?2% e per rb; Alfnlfa. 64c; Rape. 2<S2\.c;
1Ie "P- 3c ." Timothy, o^c.
DRIED PEAS-Niles; 81 25: Green. 81 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
Potatoes and Onions are firm at the ad
vance. The market is still glutted with Los
Angeles vegetables.
POTATOES— Early Rose. sOfJ6oc: River Reds,
40^450; River Burbanks. SRif^fic: Oregon Bur
ba nks. 70-9SOC ; Salinas Burbanks. TtU#W;
Sweet Potatoes. 50r<j6. r ,c per ctl for Rivers and
gsiftsoo for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes,
IHc Tier rb.
ONIONS— 82 25<@>2 50 per ctl; cut Onions. 81 50
9? per sack.
VKCKTAHLES-Marrowfat Squash. 88310 per
ton; Hubbard Squash, 88310 per ton; Dried
Peppers. s©6c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c; Cab
bage. 60S7T.C per ctl: Carrots. 25@60c per sack;
Garlic, 3(&34c per IT); Asparagus. — per It).
Los Anjreles Green Peas. 2@sc; String Beans.
3® Bc; Tomainos, 40#71e; Green Peppers, 10c
per rb; Summer Squash, 6c; Egg Plant, 100
per Ib.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two c&TB of Eastern are at hand. Local
stock is firm and in moderate supply.
Game showa no particular change.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys, Il<£l2o for Gobblers and 12©
124 c for Hens; dressed Turkeys. 13®16c per Ib;
Ge*ee. per pair, 81 50®2; Ducks. $4@6; Hens,
83 50»5: Roosters, young, 84 50®5 50; do old.
83 50fe4 50; Fryers, $S<S>s 50; Broilers. 84 60-S« 50
for lar«re and 83 50^4 50 for small; Pigeons.
81 50-&2 per dozen for young and 81 for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. 81 25; Mallard. 83®
S 50; Canvasback. 84^5; Pprig. 81 50@2; Teal.
81: Widgeon, 81; Small Ducks. TociHl: Gray
Geese, 82 2602 50; White. SI; Brant, $1 25@1 75;
Honkers. H<f?4 50; Engllfh Snipe, 82: Jack
Snipe. 81: Hare. 81; Rabbits. $128^160 for
Cottontails and 75^^81 for small.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGOS.
Butter Is off again with larger stock*. There
.Is no change In Cheese. Eggs are weak.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy Creameries. Sl@-32Hc; sec
on.lb, 2SC?3Oc.
Dairy— Choice to fancy. 27©:Se: lower gTades,
2f(rr26c per Ib.
Kastern Butter— £3©;3c per It).
CHEESE— mild new. «@l2c; com
mon to good. S®lOc: Cream Cheddar. loeilc;
Young America. ims>iS>*c; Western, ll@12c:
Eastern, 124®l3Mic per lb.
EGGB— Ranch Eggs, :6f:29c p«r doz; store
Epgrs, 20@22V; Eastern, 16216HC for cold etor-
I ege.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Apples and Persimmons are still dull and In
fre.- supply.
Limes are scarcer and higher. Lemons are
dull and weak.
Oranges are quiet and frozen fruit Is begin
ning to make Its appearance from the south.
Mandarin Oranges are scarce and firm.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7 6O@B 50; per bbl; Coos Bay.
$1 7&QT2 per box.
Apples. 25(&40c per box for common, sOcofl
for good to choice and Jl 25<£M 40 for fancy;
Lady Apples. BOcRII for large boxes.
Persimmons, 2i«j4oc per box.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 750
3 75; Seedlings. 50c®Jl 25; Mandarins, Jl@l 25;
Grape Fruit. $3*f4 per box; Lemons. 50c@
Jl for common and tl 50^2 for good to choice;
Mexican Limes. WBi 50 per box; California
Limes in small boxes. 50c: Bananas. $1 25@2 25
per bunch; Pineapples, $3©4 per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS, NUTS. ETC.
Advices from New York report a firm market
< there for Prunes, which, being the cheapest
fruit on the list, are wanted for consumption
and export. Peaches are also firm. This mar
ket continues dull far all kinds.
DRIED FRUITS-? .--'.'■
Prunes, carload lots, 3*i's4 l ie for 40-50' B, 3>4©
3?ic for 60-60*8. 2\©3i»c or 60-70' s. 2Vi©2*ic for
TO-80's. 19i@2Hc for 80-90's, lVi©l»;c tor 90-lOO's;
Peacheß, 3@4Vic; fancy. B@5V; peeled. 10®
12V4c; Apricots, s®6c for Royals and 7©Be for
! good to fancy Moorparks; evaporated Apples.
•H@7c; sun-dried. 4@4Hc; black Figs, In sacks
2&2Vic; Plums, 4H©4\c for pitted and lJjlWc
for unpltted; bleached Plums, s<ffs^c; Nec
tarines, 4®50 for prime to fancy; Pears. 2^<ti
4"i»c for quarters and 3©s'-,c for halves, accord-
Ing to color, etc.
RAISINS— N«w Ralslnn. 2%©3 c for two
crown, 4c for three-crown. 6c for four-crown
6Hc for Seedless Sultanas and $1 10@l 15 for
London layers; dried Grapes. 2\c.
NUTS — Chestnuts are quotable at SjrlOc per
lb; Walnuts. s<ji6c for hardshell and 637 c
, for softshell: Almonds. 2'*'B'3Hc for hardshell
6<B6c for softshell and "SBc for paper-shell'
Peanuts. lfir,',c for Eastern and 4V, for Call-
I forr.ia: Pecans. 6>4®Bc; Filberts. SHCIOc- Bra
i ill Nuts. 869 c per lt>; Cocoanuts. \t 50©5 per
HONEY— New Comb, 10c for bright and 7©9e
for lower grades; new water-white extracted
4VilT4%ic: light amber extracted, 3Vri4c per lb'
BEESWAX- aOtSc per It).
PROVISIONS.
Dealers quote a dull market at the old prices
CURED MEATS— Bacon. B^c per To for
heavy. 9c for light medium, 10c for light, lOViu
for extra llgt and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, 10H«?llc; California
Hams. k]Kc; Mesa Beef.. $S 50 per bbl; extra
mess do. $9 50; family do, $11@12; salt Pork.
*B@S 60; extra prime Pork. $9 50; extra clear
Jlti; mess. »14 50; SmoKed Beef. UH9U)iO P«r
lb. . ■ . . •
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s^o per tb
for compound and 6c for pure;palls, 7c; Cali
fornia tierces. f.c per lb for compound and 6c
for pure: half-bbls. «'4c; 10-tb tlns'c; do 5-lb,
7Hc per lb. ; j ,
COTTOLSNE— Tierces. 5%e«'40: packages,
less than JOO lbs— l-tb palls. 60 In a case, 9%c
3-lb palls. 20 In a case. g«4c; 5-lb palls. 12 in a
case. SVsc; 10-rt> palls, 6 in a case, B>%c, 50- lb
tins, one or two In a case, 7Hc: wooden buck
ets. 20 lbs net. I%e: fancy tubs. SO n>s net. 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 rbs. '7V-c per lb.
. — "
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
Hides are firm at a further adranee. Hops
are dull. Wool has lately been selling better
in the East, and. In fact, the holiday week In
Boston wan the heaviest known there for
years. This market has not yet responded, but
Is expected to shortly.
HIDES AMi SKINS-Culls and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers
10fH04c per Ib; medium, 9c: light, <>c: Cow
hides. 9@9Hc; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 10c; Calf,
lie: dry Hides, 16c: culls and brand?. 13c; dry
Kip and Veal, 14g15c: dry Calf. lS«?20c; culls
16i&17c; Goatskins. 20<337>*c each; Kids. .VgiOe;
good summer. 25@30c per Ib: medium. 2'>e; win
ter. 10c; Sheepukins, shearlings. 20030 c each :
short wool. 40^700 each; medium. 70@30c; long
wools. 90c@$l 30 each.
TAl.lX>\\ No 1 reniered, 803% c per tt>; No.
2, 2@2V4c; refined. sc: Grease, 2«jl«*c.
WOOLr-Fall clip— Middle counties-free. 100
13c: do -defective. 10@llc; San Joaquln. defec
tive. 7©9 c; Southern Mountain, 9©llc; free
Northern, 12? me; do defective. 9@lic; Hum
boldt and M^ndoelno. 13<S15c; Eastern Oregon.
9013 c: .Valley Oregon. 16©18 c.
HOPS— OId crop. 296 c for poor to fair and 8
©10c for good; new crop, 10@14c per Tb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS-Calcutta Grain Bags. IS3B delivery, 5H
@s\c; Wool Bags, 27©30 c.
COAL— Wellington. $8; New Wellington. $S;
Bouthfleld Wellington. J7 60; Seattle. 15 50;
Bryant, $5 50; Coos Bay. $1 75; Wallsend. $7 00;
Cumberland, $14 50 In bulk and $16 In sacks;
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, •IS: Cannel. J*
per ton: Hock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley. $7 60; Coke. Jl3 per ton In bulk and
$15 In Racks.
CORDAGE — Prices are as follows: Ma
nila— IVi-lnch. ; c; 12-thread. "Me; 6 and 9
thread, 7%c: bale rope. 6*©7Uc Sisal— l%-
Inch. C*e; 12-thrcad. C'ic; 6 and 9 thread, 6%c;
bale rope, 6%5-6>ic.
CANNFI> |--':UlTS— Prices for lh<- I«S7 pack
are as follows: Black Cherries. $1 25©1 50;
White Cherries. Jl ZSOI 75; Peaches and Pears,
90c@Jl 10; Aprlcotb, 60©90 c.
ANNKI> VEGETABLES— Peas. Toc©|l 25;
Tomatoes, 75c.
COFFEE—
Costa 17Q'lS I ,ic norn • for 'prime washed
(none here): 15*Slfic norn for good washed (none
here); 17^fl7Vic norn for good peaberry (none
here); 13{f14?4c for good to prime: 10iS12c for
good mixed with black beans: 94@114c for
fair; f-4SB4c for common to ordinary.
Salvudor- 14«j16c for good to prime washed;
12<jl3'-iC for fair washed; lonrl7c for good to
prime washed peaberry; lO 1 >- / fj 11 "-4c for superior
unwashed: 10c for good green unwashed; 9%
©10c for good bleached unwashed: 14@15c for
good to prime unwashed peaberry.
Nicaragua— lOoll»4c for good to superior un
washed: 13^4©14c for good unwashed peaberry.
Guatemala and Mexican— l7©dSV4c for prime
to fancy washed (new crop); 13® 16V4c for good
to -strictly good washed (new crop): 10>4fil3c
for fair washed (old crop>: : 7H©iO%c for me
dium (old crop); sVjf(7c for ordinary (old crop);
3 : 4@sVic for Inferior to common (old crop); 16c
for good washed peaberry (old crop); 14c for
good unwashed peaberry (old crop); lOfitHic
for good to superior unwashed (old crop).
FlSH— Codfish Is quotable as follows: Bun
dles, 4c; cases selected.' 4%1c; boneless,' 5%c:
strips. 6>4«6?ic;blocks. M?-7«4c: -tablets. Crown
brand. ffcs; iniJfiles. 6U@<k:: dfslccated. per
r:\r-t or two dozen. $1 00 li>ss 15 per .-eiT*: p:ck
l«d Cod. bblf. *3: hf-bbls. $4 75: Pacific
Herring. }4 per bbl; Dutch do. $1 10€ M 23 per
ke Whlteflsh. $10 f.O in half-bbls an<l »1 SO In
kits: Tongues and Sounrlß. fl@l 10; Mackerel,
bbls— No. 1, |M; No. 2. SIS 50; No, 3. Jl7; half
bbls— No. 1. $11; No 2. $10; No. 3. $S; kits—
1. II 35: No. 2. $1 25: No. 3. $1.
• QUICKSILVER- per flask. <
OlL— California Castor Oil. cases. No. 1, 950;
bbls, 900 per gal (manufacturers" rates); Lin-
Mad OU. la ' bM«. boll«d, 63c; .do r»w. 51c;
_cm«s to more; LArd OIL «trm winter Btraiaed.
i bbls. .r.sc:. r .sc: No. 1, 45c; cases. Be more; China
Nut. 47<g;i5c per gal: Neatsfoot Oil, bbls. «0c;
cases, 65c; No. 1, bbls. 60c; cases, 55c; Sperm,
I crude 60c; natural white, 80c; bleached do. 85c;
Whale Oil. natural white. 40c; bleached do. 45c;
Pacific Rubber mixed Paints, white and house
colors. $l rs@l 35 per gailon; wagon colors, $2i&
z J5 per gallon.
PETROLEUM. GASOLINE. ETC. — The
Standard Oil Company quotes as: follows:
Water-white Coal Oil. in bulk. 10c; Pearl Oil.
, in cases. iS'-r; Astral do, 15-.c; Star do. 15V4c;
Extra Star Oti. cm ml 194 c; Elaine do. 20>*c;
Eocene do, 17'jc; Deodorized Stove Gosoline In
bulk, lie: do in cases. 164 c: 63 deg Deodorized
Naphtha, in bulk, U>4c; 63 deg do, in cases,
154 c: Mi deg. Gasoline, in bulk, 20c; 86 deg. do.
In cases, 25c per gallon.
WHITE LEAD— Quoted at 6fg7c per lb.
TI-RPEXTIXE- In cases 60c; In Iron barrels.
45e: in Wuc.rien barrels. 47c per gallon.
Lrrr>L— Rolled, bhls. 43c: do cases. 48c; raw,
bbls. 41r; do cases, 46c per gallon.
I'A.NbLKS- Th c Standard Oil Co. quotes
as follows: Electric Light— 6's. 16 oz. 7»4c; 14
oz, 6Vic; 12 oz. 12»4c. 10 or, 4>4c Granites— 6 1 s
Paraffine Wax (.'andles— ls, S's. 4's. 6's and
Paraflne Wax Candles— ls. 2s. 4s, 6s and
■ 12 s. i\ hito. B%c; colored. »\c.
LEATHER— The market is strong. Harness,
heavy. 3^3£c per lb; do medium, 2Sc; do
■ light, 26<527c; rough Leather, 22@23c; Kips, $40
1 ©4. per dozen; Calf. 90c© $1 per lb; rough
splits. rvSc; belt-knife splits, 10@12c; Collar
Leather, black, 10«12c per foot; do russet, 10®
. 12c: Skirting Leather, 30(g35c per lb.
St'GAß— The Western Sucar RefinTT Pnm
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crashed
; and Ftne Crushed. 6 T ic; Powdered, fi^fcc Dry
Granulated. s\c; Confectioners' A. Slue; Mag
nolia A. 6*»e: Extra C, s'4c: Golden C, 5Hc-
Candy Granulated. 5%c: California A, s^c per
lb; half-bbls »4c more than barrels, and boxes
4c more.
WOOD. LUMBER. ETC.
Posts, B#ioc each for No. 1 and s^©Bo for
No. 2; Redwood, ■{5 per cord; Oak. rough,
X 6 60; peeled. *9; Pine. *5 75.
LUMBER- Retail prices are nominally as
follows: Pine, ordinary sizes. Jll©l4 for No. 1
and *9 50®U for No. 2; extra sizes higher. Red
wood— for No. 1 and $11@12 50 for No. 2;
Lath 4 feet. $1 70@l 80; Pickets. Jl6: shingles.'
i, D . or common and $2 25 for fancy; Rustic,
$19921: shakes, $8.
BAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs are not plentiful, and. in fact. some
dealers report difficulty In fllllngr their want*.
Others, however, have all they want. Prices
remain unchanged. Beef Is firm at the old
quotations. Mutton ranges the same as for a
long time.
Wholesale rates tor dressed beef stock from
slanghterers are as follows:
■.TtSEri* 11 ! «iuallty.64®7c: second do, SHO
6c; thlid do. 4®sc per lb.
lirxm^ 1 t® fio: smal1 ' 6 ® 7c P* r lb -
I S2.c "? ethPr »- 6<?7c: ewes, 6c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, nominal.
,, VV P ™* K-LlveK -Llve Hogs. Siiffl37^c for larse and
»Vp»«c f0 1,/SH?. all and SH#S^c for medium;
soft Hogs, 2H@3Uc: dressed do. B@sHc per lb •■■
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
Tuesday, January 4.
Flour . qrsta .... 13.192 Hops. bale. 44
£heat, ctls ....123.433 Wool, bales ..... «
Barley, ctls .... 1,725 Pelts, bdls 185
°. ats - ctl iso Hides, no 413
( heese. ctls 63 Fes dm i *on
Butter, ctls 90 Raisins, boxes .. 1,590
H.ans sks 100 Leather, rolls .. lf,"i
Potatoes, sks .... 8,570 wine, gals ..... 43.900
Onions sks 63 Brandy. gals .... 4.080
vmSii "IT"" 626 Quicksilver, flsk. 12S
Middlings, ska .. 690 Lime, bbls m
Hay. tons 320 Powder, cs 75
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was a general decline In mining stocks
yesterday, as will be seen by the list of sales.
The Crown Point delinquent assessment sale
takes place to-day.
The December bullion product of the Alaska-
Treadwell mine was J45.396 from 19.052 tons ore
and 375 tons sulphurets, the latter yielding $16 -
212. The ore averaged $2 37 per ton. The com
pany will put up a new 300-stamp mill. It al
ready has one of 240 stamps, the largest quartz
mill under one roof in the I'nlted States. It
Is also proposed to Introduce electric power
from a distance, so that there may be no Inter
ruption to work In the winter season.
The annual meeting of the Fireman's Fund
Insurance Company has been called for Janu
ary 18.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a
monthly dividend of 40 cents per share to-day
The San Jose Water Company will nay a
regular monthly dividend of IM cents per share
on the 10th.
The Pacific Gas Improvement Company haa
declared a monthly dividend of 50 cents uer
share, payable January 10.
The annual meeting of the Sierra Nevada
Mining Company has been called for Janu
ary IS.
It Is reported that some of the officers of the
Ran Francisco Stock Hoard are in favor of
selling off some of the seats owned by the
board In order to stimulate business
The California Mortgage and Savings Bank
has re-elected the old officers for IS9B with
Ernst A. Denlcke as president. MoD. H. Ven
ahle vice-president and Henry Brunner secre
tary.
The capital stock of the California Vlporlt
Powder i-ompany Is now 50.000 shares, instead
00 shares, as formerly.
In the lv.tosi mine they are pushing the re
pairs on the main incline and the air gallery
on the 100 level as fast as possible. On the
sixth floor above No. 1 crosscut on the tunnel
level they are driving east through fillings of
low grade, the assays ranging from *4 to $6
per ton. The Joint BolUon-Potosl south <iri*t
to c.inr.ect with the Croesus shaft has been
driven H feet through very hard quartz of low
gra.ie. an'! is now out 366 feet.
Hrunswl. k Lode— < v>n«oildated California and
Virginia. Best & Belcher and Onuld & Curry
— Shaft No. 2. 600 level— The Joint east cross
cut started Jointly with the Gould & Curry
Company at a point 420 feet from the station
has been advanced 17 feet; total length, 23
feet : face In porphyry. The west crosscut run
from the station on the Best & Belcher north
boundary Jointly with the Consolidated Cali
fornia and Virginia has been advanced 13 feet:
face in porphyry" and stringers of quartz: total
lenjrth. oa feet. The west crosscut He. l,
Ktarted at a point In south drift 420 feet from
the shaft, has been extended 17 feet; total
length. 87 feet: face In porphyry and quartz.
("hollar, SCi-foot level— The stopes above this
level are becoming more restricted and the
streaks of ore are smaller, but the srraiie 13
maintained. They are saving about 4 tons per
tej of good ore. The Joint west crosscut on
the Potosl-Chollar line. 500 level. Is now out
140 feet. This drift Is being extended for the
purpose of exploring the weist locations of the
two companies, and the face is now 120 feet
west of what they have considered to be the
footwall of the Brunswick lode. It is In very
hard rock. 600 level— The Joint upraise has
been carried up 40 feet on the slor>e for the
wfck, and Is up 7."> feet: the top Is In r>or
phyry and seams of quartz. The' east crosscut
on the line has been advanced in feet through
very hard ground, and Is out 22 feet. They
have shipped to the Nevada mill P4 tons and
1000 pounds of ore for reduction, which ore
will h* milled as soon as a sufficient amount
has been accumulated. The top car sample
assayed, fold. $37 13: silver, ounces. 22.93 per
ton.
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session— 9:3o.
400 Alta 15 1000'Kentuck 0«
100 Andes IS 300 Mexican ........ 2s»
600 Belcher 46 100 Overman 14
IN 45 100 Potosl 40
400 Best & Belchr.. 53 800 39
400 Chollar 37 100 Savage 25
Con Cal & V.. 135,300 24
600 Crown Point .. 31 j 100 Seg Belcher ... OS
200.. 2!> ' 2"o Sierra Nevada.. 74
400 30 450 -72
100 28 SCO 73
300 Gould & Curry. 40 100 Union Con 21
50 Hale & Norers..l 601200 Yellow Jacket .. 37
Afternoon- Session. '■■--*-
160 Belcher 45 200OphIr 63
100 46 150 Savage 24
300 Con Cal A V...1 30 500 Sierra Wevada.. 74
100 Crown Point .. 29 200 7J
100 Eureka Con .... 25 50 standard 170
300 Gould & Curry. 35 100 Union Con 23
600 Justice 43 '
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Pension— lo:3o.
500 Alpha Con ..... 081600 Kentuck OS
200 Alta 15 Ophlr 65
600 Andes 16 200 Overman ■ 13
nit Belcher 46 300 Potosl 42
M 0... .: 45 ' S. r 0 Savage 25
400 Best & Belchr.. 54 300 S B & M 07
250 Ctiallenge Con.. 30 200 Sierra Nevada.. 75
200Chollar 39|200 74
200 Con Cal & V...1 3O;S00 71
700 Crown Point ... 32)400 72
Ml 31|300 Union Con 23
300 Gould & Curry.. 4HIJOO 23
200 Hale & Norcrs..l 60 ', 300 Utah 12
150 Justice 37Hi 400 Yellow Jacket.. 40
50 Mexican 41500 .... Zi
400 30 200 ; 33
Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha M 150 Mexican ........ 28
600 Belcher 45 400 Overman 13
400 4« 300 S B & M 07
100 Best & Belchr.. .52 200 OS
100 Bullion 06 700 Sierra Nevada . 73
100 Con Cal & V.'.l S2Vi 100 Standard Con.l 6Tv,
200 Confidence ..... X 200 Utah 13
800 Crown Point ... 29 300 Yellow Jacket.. 3S
JOO Gould & Curry. 39
BTOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
TUESDAY. Jan. 4—2 p. m. •
Bld.Asked. Bld.Asked.
U B Bonds— MEL C 0.... 141, 14T4
4s quar coup.. US — Oakland Gas.. 564 55*»
4s quar reg..H2 — Pac Gaji Im.. 93Vi —
4s quar new ..125 — Pac L C 0...... 56 —
Miscellaneous— S F G & E.. 94\i 84Vi
Cal-st Cab 58.1124 — San Fran .... 314 3*4
Cal El L 6s.l26Vi— Stockton Gas. 14H —
C C Wat B».. — 1004 Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 984 Firem's Fnd..185 —
E L & P 85..129 130 Bank Stocks—
F(c Ch Ry6s.Hs — Anglo-Cal .... &5U —
Geary-st R ss. — 101 Bank of Ca1..243V4"50
H C & S 54. 102 107 Cal SD A T.. 99 —
LAL Co 6a.. — . 100 First Nat ....190 200
Do gntd Cs. 984102 Lon P& A. .125% —
Market-st 6a. .125 — Mer Exchnge 12 —
Do Ist M 8...115* Savings -Banks- .
NatVln Ca Ist* — 100 ; Ger SAL 1175 —
>" Cs By 7a.. — Hum S & L..1050 ueo
NRy Cal «e..107H — 'Mutual Bay. V, 40
NRy Cal ss. 102 103 8 F Say L\. 475 —
NPC Ry 68.104U, — S&L So — 100
NPC Ry ss. w^ — Security Sv. 250 —
Oak Gas 55. ..104 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d is 55.. 11 l 112 ! Street Railroad—
Om Ry 65... 125 130 California . . . . lO^ —
P&O Ry 6s.no — Oeary 40 —
P& CH Ry6s 109 _ Market-st .... 62% 52*
Powell-st 65... 120 125 Oak SL* H. — —
Reno WL&L.. — 105 'Presidio 6 —
Sac Elecßys». — 100 , Powder—
SF* N P 55.104H105 California .... 92H107H
SPof Ar 65..101V03 E Dynamite ..83 9"
S P Cal 68....108H— Giant Con Co 37 37^
SPC Ist cgss.. 95 — Vlgorit 3% Kk
S P Br 65....108\- Miscellaneous-
S V Wat 65..119M21 Al Pac Assn.. 971*100
S V Wat 45..102V 1 "2»» Ocr Ld Wks.loo " —
Pto,-k Gas 65. .100 104 HC & S Co.. 2SS 2»^
Water— Hutch S P Co. 39% 40
Contra Cnsta . 42« i — Mer Ex Asn.. SO —
Marin County. 50 — Nat Vtn Co .. — 7H
Spring Val ... W% 99% Oc S Co 34% 35i, 4
Gas and Electric— Pac A F Al. — 3
Cent Gaslight. 9S»£ — Pac Bor C 0... 91 —
Capital Gas... — — Par Paint Co. 6\ —
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
10 California-street Railroad 10S 75
100 Htltchinson S P Co, b 5 39 75
400 do do 39 75
$3000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 3714
70 Market-st Railway 52 75
265 S F Gas & Electric Co 04 25
20 S F Gasllßht 3 25
5* Spring Valley Water 9i< 62^
JlfVO S F &- N P Ry Bonds 104 37 1 *
UOOu S P Branch Bonds 108 75
Street—
60 Market-st Hallway 52 75
$40C0 Northern Railway of Cal 5s Bonds. lo2 00
AFTERNOON SESSION.
1«5 Giant Powder Con 37 00
85 Hutchinson S P Co 3^75
15 Market-st Railway 52 S7^
100 do do 52 75
60 Pacific Gas Imp 93 25
60 S F Gas & Electric Co 94 23
95 Spring Valley Water 99 75
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 2 r>
$5000 S P Branch Railway Bonds 108 75
Street —
fIOOO Edison Light and Power Bonds 129 50
$6000 Northern Railway of Cal 5s Bonds. lo2 00
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
George W. Halght to Mary S. Haight. un
divided hi of lot on E line of Van Ness aye.,
23:2 N of Green street, N 21:8, E 125, S 45, W
110:10, NW 27:2; $1.
Sophie E. and J. Leßoy White to Calvin E.
Knickerbocker, tot on E line of Baker street,
82:6 S of Page, S 27:6 by E 96:10^; $10.
Andrew B. McCreery to Louis Frledlander,
re-record 1730 d 291. lot on E line of Lyon
street. 25 S of Golden Gate avenue, S 25 by E
100; $1600.
Albert and Charlotta Wilford to Christian
Lehmann, lot on S line of Beulah street, SI E
of Shrader street, E 2S:4H by S 100; $10.
Mary A. Duncan to Joseph T. and William
L. Dunne, lot on S line of Ridley street, 70 W
of Mission. W 33:8. S 86:6, thence E in an
Irregular line 109:1. N 54:2. W 70. N 32; gift.
United Land Association (by C. C Tripp.
president, and C. C. Tripp) to Eugene and G.
Le Roy, lot on S corner of Harrison and
Eleventh streets, S lO^O I *, E 14^:3, thence
along Mission Creek. N and NE to SW
Eleventh. NW 202:01*. SW 137:6. NW 137:6, NE
137:6. NW 157:1; $5.
John O'Mara to Patrick and Annie Wynne,
lot on S line of Twenty-ninth street, 330 W of
Sanchez. W 25 by S 114; $10.
Mathllde H. Vocke to Wllhelmine Vocke, lot
on NW corner of Green and Dupont streets, W
24:4'«! by N 57:6; also lot on N line of Broad
way. 53:6 E of Taylor street, E 22 by N 62:6;
$2000.
Emma L. Bertellng (single) to Louis A.
Berteling, lot on NE corner of Bush and Jones
streets, E 60 by N 137:6: also lot on N nne
Bush. 137:6 W of Powell. W 50 by N 137:«; $10.
Louis A. Bertellng to Frederick Tillmann, as
trustee of estate Claus Mangels for Alice. Er
nest C. and Oscar Heuter, lot on NE corner
Bush and Jones streets. E 60 by N 137:6; $10.
Numa Duperu to Eliza R. Duperu. lot on
NW corner Lombard and Jones streets, N 65:9
by W 73 :S. valuable consideration and $10.
Lyla and Edward G. Koenlng to T. P. Mar
tin, let on E line of Twelfth avenue, 150 N
of N street. N ■ by E 120; $10.
William an.l Theresa Tomsky to Isidor Bau
mann, lots 16 and 33, block 525, Haley pur
chase, W of and adjoining Hudson tract; $133.
Gustav and Anna Pavel to Willis H. and
Maranda M. Ayers. lot 38. block B. Park Lane
tract, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth
streets: $10.
Frank H. and Bortha A. Gardiner to Frank
and Mary . S Asht«>n. lot on N line of Sadowa
street. 365 X Orizaba, E 25 by N 100, lot S,
block F. Railroad Homestead; $10.
Frank and Mary S. Ashton to William H.
T. Bracken, same; $10.
Clarence X and Ella N. Harmon to Lillian
Mitchell, lot on N'W line of Bemis street. 379
NE of Castro. NE 70 by NW 140, lot 13 Fair
mount: $10.
Same to same, lot on W line Victoria street,
225 B of rpntral avenue. S W hy W 100. lots 38
to 41, block 37. City Land Association: also
lot on W line of Lundy's lane, 150 N Virginia
street. W 70 by N 50, lots 197 and 198, gift
map 3; $10.
AlarT)eda Courjty.
W. L. Genung to Equity Benevolent and
Loan Association, lot on N line of Palmetto
street. 240 W of Boston avenue. W SO by N
129.75 being lots 34 and 35. block A, Revised
Map of Frospe.-t Hill Tract. Note— This deed
is executed as and for full discharge of mort
gage recorded in 441 m. 393, Brooklyn Town
ship; $10.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
MIR. ! DESTINATION!
Sails.
A Blanchrd Oregon ports. |
Del Norte.. Grays Harbo'-
Pomona.... Humbldtßay. '■
Coos Ray.. Newport :
Orizaba.... Mexico '
China China&Japan. :
Moana AuHtralla :
UmaMHa . . Vie ft Pjrt Snd
Oueen San Dleg:o !
Columbia.. Portland
Acapulco.. Panama |
Homer Newport....:..
Arcata Cooa Hay
Chllkat .... Eel River ; '
Weeott Humbldt Bay.
Santa Rosa San. Diego
CltyPueblaiVlc it Pe-t Snd
State of Cal (Portland |
■Jan 5. 5 pm!
.Tan 5, 12 ■
Jan 6. 2 pm
.lan 5, 9am i
J.tii ti. 10 am
Jan 6. 1 pm
Jan 6, 2 pm
Jan 6, 9 am:
'Jan 7. 11 am
'Jan 8. in am!
Jan 8.12 m
Jan 9. U am
Jan 9. 10 am
* Jnn 10. ham
J.III 11. 9 AM
Jan 11, 11 am
: Jan 11, 9 am
J;ui lit. in am
! Pier 13
!Pier 2
'Pier 9
iPler 11
Pier It
PM SS
Pier 7
Pier 9
Pier ll
Pior 24
■PMSS
'Pier 11
PW U
Pier 1.1
Pier 13
Pier 11
Pier 9
, Pier 24
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
!
Queen.. I Diejro I
Columbia Portland |
Aztec Comox ;
H0mer. .:....... Coos Bay '
City Puebla . . . Victoria and Pufret Sound
Sau Mateo Nanalmo..
Pomona Humbbidt Bay
City of Sydney . Panama ,
Arcata Coos Bay
Empire..'. Coos Bay
Weoott Humooldt Bay i
i reticent City.. Crescent City
Bristol Departure Bay
Santa Rosa.... Sau Dleiro
Chllkat.._ Eel River
Washtenaw Tacoma : '
North Fork Humboldt i
State ot OaJ .. Portiana ,
Coos Bay Xiwport
Walla Walla... I Victoria and Puiret Snd.. .
Jan 6
Jan S
Jan 7
Jan 7
Jan 7
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan 8
Jan <t
Jan 9
Jan 9
Jan 9
Jan 9
Jan 9
Jah 10
Jan 10
Jan 10
Jan 11
Jan 12
SUN, MOON AND TIDE
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Tlm?s and Heights of High and Low
■Wateis at Fttrt Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Hay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street .wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide Is the same at both places.'
JANUARY— IS9B.
Feet I
Time
! Feet T lnl^ Feet Time ! Feet
■ L Wl H Wi
4 I:s*
61 2:46 .
ti 3:31
H W
7 0:25
8 U:6fi
I l ■-'-■
10 1:581
o.S 8 :•-•*.
3.4 9:01
8.4 9:38
|L W
4.4 4:101
4.5 4:57|
4.6 5:44
4.7! b:32!
6.5; 47^4
5.5 4:24! •
6.5! 4:55' •
H W;
3.4: 10U
3.2 10:54!
3.2 11:36
111 1 r.':in
5:27 -0.6
6:59 —0.6
8:32 -0.5
I 7:06 0.6
KUit.-in me aoove exposition of the tlde«
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column, and the successive tides of thi
day in the order ot occurrence as to time Th«
second time column gives tne second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tldi
and the last or right hand column gives th.
last tide of the day. except when there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heleht.
gtven are additions to th* soundings on th.
United States Coast Survey charts exceot
when a minus sign (-) precedes the height and
then the number given Is subtractlve from th«
depth given by the charts. c
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A I ranch of the United States Hvdrnmi^i
Omce. located In the Merchant" ExcSSS? 2
maintained In San Francisco for tKbSS&t o?
mariners . without regard to nationality and
free of expense. "umwijr ana
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit th.
offlce. where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept «T hand
for comparison and reference, and the latent
Information can always be obtained Vita Wit J
of interest to ocean commerce. mailers.
of interest to ocean commerce «"»«ers
The time ball on top of the bulldlnr nn T«i«
graph Hill is holsted/about ten minu'te^bl'o?.
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian!
Isfan^'cf I. St eS NaV^ Obstrv'atfry^t from
Island Cal. Observatory at Mar*
A notice statlna; whether the time ball waa
&rt?«f n t» '° r 2VInK2 VlnK tne error - v an *- ••
S^™ «n d hSfi, me day by tne afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning paper* the following
fla -' T1 W. 8. HUOHES.
Lleotenant. U. 3. N.. In charge.
The Time Ball.
Branch Hydrographlc Office. U S N Mer
4 189**' Exchan Ke. San Francisco. * January
a™La all ;on Telegraph Hill waa
° °, p P^ (I ,£? actly « no °n to-day-l. c.. at noon
?-LiU K h .. merldl&n ' °* exactly at 8 p. m..
Greenwich time. .... •
;i. W. 8. HUGHES, "
Lteatto*nt U. S. N., In oh»r»e.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Tuesday, January 4.
Nor stmr Peter Jebsen. 5 days frm Nanaimo:
4396 tons coal, to John Rosenfeld s bons.
Stmr Pomona. Cousins. 19 hours frm Eureka.
pass and mdse. to Goodall. Perkins & Lo
Br ship Laomene. Jones, 226 days fm Ham
burg, via Newcastle. Eng. 190 days; mdse, to
Meyer, Wilson & Co. _, . - ._
Br bark Birkdale. Williams, 163 days from
Hamburg; mdse. to Meyer, Wilson & Co.
CLEARED.
Tuesday January 4.
i Stmr North Fork. Bash. Eureka; Chas Nel-
Br stmr Wellington. Salmond. Nanaimo; R
Dunsmulr & Sons. , „
Stmr Coos Bay. Hall, San Pedro; GoodiU.
I Perkins & Co. D
Ship Eclipse. Peterson. Nanatmo; k "
Chandler.
Pr bark Cambromne. Lemerle. Queenstown.
G W McN'ear. _  ..
Br bark Indian Empire, Allen. Portlana.
Meyer, Wilson & Co.
SAILED.
Tuesday, January 4.
Stmr Bonlta, Ntcolson. Southern coast.
Stmr Coqullle Klver. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Stmr San Jose, Plllsbury. Nanatmo.
! Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
Stmr Weeott. Miller, Crescent City.
\ Stmr Czarina. Ma*ee, Coos Bay.
i Stmr Gipsy, Leland. Santa Cruz.
Stmr Crescent City, Stockfleth. Crescent City.
Stmr President. Nelson. Yaquina Bay.
Stmr Cleone, Stiand. Albion.
Stmr Laguna. Peterson.
H B M stmr Leander, Fogen.
H B M stmr Virago. Baird.
Ship Oriental. Parker, Nanaim».
Schr Ocean Spray. Waldwlck.
Schr Barbara Hernster, Jensen, Boweni
Landing.
TELEGRAPHIC.
i POINT LOBOS— Jan 4—lo p. m.— Weather
hazy; wind calm.
CHARTERS.
Th« C D Bryant loads mdse for Hoaoluluj
■chr Czar, mdse for Mazatlan and San Bias.
Wheat charters prior to arrival from Port
land to Europe are the Durbrldffa, 24s 9d; Lyd
. gate. 4'">s. MacMlllan. 355: Pak Ling, 37iSd.
SPOKEN.
Dec 27—1 S 30 W. Br bark Inrwrcauld, fcenc*
Sept 17 for Queenstown.
MI SCELL ANEOUB.
ROTAL ROADS— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Cleve
land, which was previously reported ashore,
and is expected to arrive at Tacoma to-night.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Rival,
hence Jan 3.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 4— fitmr Progreso. he
Jan 1.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 4— Fr bark Paclflque,
for Queenstown; Hr snip Province, for Queens
town; Br stmr Omba.
SEATTLE— Arrived Jan 4— Ja stmr Matsuy
ama Maru. from Yokohama.
Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Alliance, for Orca.
NEHALEM— SaiIed Jan I— Schr Prosper, for
San Francisco.
PORT ANGELES— Arrrrved Jan B— Bark
Carrnllton, hence Deo 24.
i COOS BAY— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Chilkat, fm
Eureka; schr Daisy Row*, hence Dec 24; schr
Seven Sisters, hence D«o 80.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived Jan4— Schr Aza
lea, from Guaymas.
TATOOSH— Passed Jan 4— Schr Sailor Bo*
hence Dec 28 for Everett.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed Jfca 4— Stm*
VENTURA— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Oeot»«
Loomls, hence Jan 3.
ALBlON— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr N»Tarro, hce
Jan 3.
GREENWOOD— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Sunol,
hence Jan 3.
NEWPORT— SaiIed Jan 4— Schr Albert Mey
er, for Port Gamble.
PORT GAMBLE— Arrived Jan 4— Schr Noko
1 mis, from San Pedro.
HUENEME— SaiIed Jan 4— Stmr Scotia, fc?
San Francisco.
PORT BLAKELEY— SaiIed Jan 4— Bark a
F Hanson, for Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
VANCOUVER— SaiIed Jan 4— Br stmr Em
press of India, for Yokohama and Hongkong.
; SALAVERRY— Arrived Jan B— Bktn Port
land, hence Oct 28.
PORT ELIZABETH— Arrived Jan 4— Bark
; Palmyra, from Port Gamble.
ALGOA BAY— Arrived Dec •— Br ship Tra
falgar, hence Sept 3.
KOBE— Arrived Deo 14— Br stmr Common
wealth, from Portland, Or.
QUEENSTOWN— Arrived Jan B— Oer bark
Paul Isenberg, hence Aug 12.
6T THOMAS— Arrived Deo 13— Stmr City of
t Columbia, from New York, and proceeded for
San Francisco.
i : LlZAßD— Passed Jan 5. 2:30 a. m. — Stmr St
Paul, from New York for Southampton.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed Jan 4— Stmr Anchor!*,
for Glasgow; etmr Normannla, for Genoa.; §tr
Scllly, for Stettin; stmr Kaiser Wllhelm der
Grosse, for Bremen; stmr Georgic, for Lhrer
poool.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Caphalo
nla. from Boston.
QI'EEXSTOWN- Arrived Jan 4— Stmr Ma-
Jestic. from New York.
MEMORANDUM.
Primrose Hill, Br Ship, from London, Jan
3— Sailed from London Aug 14; had 8W and
NW winds to Lat 34 N; took the N.E trades in,
Lat 34 N and carried them to L. at 14 N;
from thence to the Equator variable winds;
crossed the Equator on Sept 18, Long 26 W;
took the SE trades on the Equator and carried
them to Lat 18 S; had NW to WSW winds to
Lat 50 S; was IS days from 50 to 60 S with a
succession of WNW and WSW gales; had
WNW winds to Lat 24 S; took the SB trades
In Lat 24 S and carried them to Lat 9 N; cross
ed the Equator on Dec 13, Long 116 W; took
the XE trades in Lat 10 N, and carried them to
Lat 37 N ; from thence to port NNE winds.
Laomene, Br Ship, from Hamburg via New
castle, Eng Jan 4— Sunday, June 27. left
Shields with light Easterly wind for 3 days
and thick fog at times for 4 days; 2d of July
strong gale from SW to NW; 6th of July,
strong gale from SW to NW: Bth of July
another gale from the same quarter, 14 days
out ; 15 miles WSW off Skelligs, SW part of
Ireland, light SW wind and calm to 34 N:
when we got the NE trades, which carried us
to 13 X, and thence to Equator had light, un
steady SW moonsoon : crossed the line in 27 N,
50 days out: SE trades, light and very heavy
rain and squally throughout; Sept 4, off the
Platte. had heavy pampero, which lasted 24
hours: light winds and fine weather to Cape
Tres Puntas, where fog and calm set In for 2
days, which ended In moderate SW gale; last
ed 48 hours; down to Staten Island, fine
weather and light winds from WSW; Sept
25 and 26, light wind at ENE and calm, with
thick fog: 92 days out: four weeks of very
heavy gales of wind with lightning about Cape
Horn: wind varying between NW and WSW,
which continued more or less to about 42 S,
S9 W, and very light SE trade, and crossed
the line in 114 W, 166 days out; got the NB
trades in 10 N, 119 W, and very favorable to
about 2S N and 130 W: thence to port light to
moderate breeze from SW to SE, attended with
thick fog occasionally; made Point Reyes ilght
Sunday night, the 2d of January, 189 days out:
damage off Cape Horn, lost lower foretopsail
screen board, band of main topmast, back
stays carried away, and other damage.
IMPORTATIONS.
COQUILLE RIVER— Per Jennie— loo tons
coal, 19 bdls hides, 63 pkgs mdse, 140 bxs ap
ples, 15 bxs butter. ♦> pkgs chemicals, 110 bbls
salmon, 3 bales flannels, 73 bdls broom handles.
7 bags wool.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— l cs fish. 1 keg pork.
77 pkgs mdse, 1 horse. 1 buggy, 2 bxs plates,
600 M shingles. 1 cs faucets. 7 bxs groceries,
1 crt tobacco, 135 M ft lumber, 1 cs skins, 20 M
shakes. 10 pkgs personal effects, 1 bdl belting,
1 bdl saws, 1 bdl sled material. 9 pkgs express,
1 sk coin.
E R & E R R— 3 bxs fish. 7 pkgs mdse. 100
bxs 1 keg butter, 5 cs milk, 6 cs cream, 1 cs
shoes. 7 mats rice, 2 bxs groceries. 27 M shakes,
1 cs furs, 1 bx drugs, 120 doors, 1 cs books. 15
pkgs household furniture. 618 bxs apples, 184
sks potatoes.
HAMBURG— Per Laomene— 7so bags potash.
2500 double bags salt. 5950 csks cement. 903 bra
685 bdls iron, 26 csks beryt.
Newcastle, Eng— 11D7 tons coke, 38.350 fire
bricks. 36 grindstones.
HAMBURG— Per Birkdale— lso csks arsenic.
40 esks oxalic acid, 200 bbls hyposulphite of
soda. 810 plates spelter. 204 billets steel. 200
bbls whisky, 5 casks clay crucibles. 5 cases
pictures, 11 cs earthenware, 100 csks epsom
salts, 30fi cs mm waters. 27 cs 71 crts 55 bales
hollow glass. -5 cs wine, 17 cs kitchen utensils,
12 cs enameled goods, 1 cs bronze, 7 cs furni
ture, 1 cs glassware, 10 cs paper. 8 cs black
ing. 32 cs tinfoil. 1 es plate giass. 300 bags
wood flour. 9194 csks cement, 2250 bags sulphate
Of potash. IM 'bis bleaching powder, 1250 bags
double manure salt. 1500 bags muriate of pot
ash, 10 tons coke. 1 cs pamphlets, 1 cs framed
picture, 2 cs schoolbooks.
constgxeES.
Per Jennie — J S Klmhall; S Bloom & Son:
W B Sumner & Co: Ttllmann & Bendel; M P
DetPls; Russ. Sanders & Co; W W Montague
& Oo; Justinian Caire; Hulme & Hart; W C
Priw & Co; S H Frank & Co; Standard Oil
Co; McNaVr Bros; McDonough & Runyon; H
R Reed: Hllmer. Bredhoft & Schulz; Dodge.
Sweeney & Co; Union Brewery; Get! Bros &
Co.
Per Pomona— A Paladini; A Wtnslow; Cat
Fish Commissioners; A Thless; Brigham,
Hoppe & Co: Dodge. Sweeney & Co; Gray &
Mitchell; D Tweedie: Golden Gate Park; H &
5 Commercial Co; H Liebes & Co; Scott &
Van Arsdale Lumber Co; Italian-Swiss Colony
J H Kruse: L J Slple; R P Dinnlgan; E M
Heckman: Western Carb Acid Gas Co- W P
Forsythe; Washington Brewery; Amer' Union
Fish Co; Wells. Fargo & Co; B Calto; Aretlo
Oil Works; C E Whitney & Co; C Blanca- F
B Halght; Dairymen's Ualon: Getz Broi' x,
Co: Goodyear Rubber Co: Hills Bros- Hlgßin.
* A Folger & Co; Marshall & R el m
ers; M J Brandensteln & Co; Mack & Co- O T*
Smith & Co; Norton, Teller & Co p r t«™
ber & Mill Co; Ross & Hewlett; Standard Oil
Co: Wheaton. Breon & Co: Witzel * RbEL n
T Mlddleton: Eveleth & Nash MltcWi 2
Goodall; H Dutard; J X Armsby ft'co- WoK
6 Sons: Marshall, Teggart & Co
Per Rirkdale-Mlller. Slow ft Boott' c W
Pennlngton & Sons; Sherwood & Sherwood- WEND OF THE
PARK FIASCO
The Whole Matter Now
Regarded as a
Job.
Confidence of the Public in the
Scheme Has Been Dis
sipated.
Too Much Suspicion to Make It Likely
That There Will Be Any
Result.
•-•■. . Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
'~.-J\ . • 908 Broadway, Jan. 4.
f.\ V 'After last night's proceeding's of the
'."' /City Council it is very apparent that
. Oakland will have no public park as
?"• (he result of the present unhealthy
: ■ apitatinn.
V fKo one doubts for a moment that a
'■jcity of this size should have a large
:. .ornamental tract where its inhabitants
'.'can enjoy themselves. San Francisco
-V.has derived much of its popularity
I -Jrom the manifold attractions of Gold
■ ieji "Gate Park. By possession of a sim
•;.'ilar playground Oakland would also
i. obtain equal valuable notoriety abroad,
r.-V-vAs a matter of fact, at the present
...time Oaklanders d<» not feel the need
: ';6i a public park as they otherwise
•':.>..jvould were they removed farther from
".I; the beautiful surroundings from the
I/.', 'foothills. No piece of property can be
■.: jpbtaine'l at the present time to which
V; the public could go, unless they paid
; .car fare. As it is only a nickel from
:: *.jO.akland to Berkeley or Alameda, it
..stands to reason that the average per
{';'.s"&n desiring to spend a few hours in
•V'a./ park would have no objection to
:■■ hlaving a pleasant ride there and back
v-.-forv -.-for the same financial outlay. All
'" ; around Oakland are places which can
: 'be, reached by one car fare, and, conse- :
: tiuently, the people are not at all anx
jous for a park, although a crowd of
... rv.'il estate men are decidedly anxious
.•• •• that one should be purchased by the
• city.
•l'-When the present agitation started
•:• it was thought that a tract could be
• 'bought at a reasonable figure and that
•". .the people would vote for bonds to
; purchase it. Since that time, how
■ ever, all manner of schemes have been
1 thrown out by antagonistic parties,
until the general public is thoroughly
. : ..disgusted with the whole matter.
'" •". Prices . have wavered as it was
; thought the public pocket could be
. reached, people who have no claim on
• : the confidence of the citizens have ap
peared in various roles which would
dtepel rather than invite co-operation
■ and rumors of crooked work have been
... p l o rife that it would be an impossibil
',7« Ity at this time to convince the pub
: • ..lie that a park could be bought with
: out the consummation of what is po
.litically called a "steal."
.• " Many of the parties have doubtless
 '..made their offers in good faith, but
'.the competition has become so heated
• ; 'and acrimonious that no one knows
•:• Just what to believe or what to dls
• card. It is clear, however, that all in
• -.terest in purchasing a park has ended
' and that all further efforts at this time
. will be useless. • .
.. The cry that Oakland must have a
f . .park somewhere near the center of the
i city has little to recommend it, for the
'. city is so rapidly growing northward
and westward that its center five years
; ' asr'-> is far removed from where it is to
.;. day, and will be still farther removed
;' from its present position five years
v : hence. Under the existing conditions
: ,the only matter by which a park could
■;• be obtained in the purchase of which
.. thf- public would have confidence, Is by
■j .condemnation proceedings, which is a
■■ "lengthy, costly and on the whole un
•fj satisfactory course to pursue, because
•/•'by the time a conclusion would be
: : .reached the people would be more tired
'•of the project than they are now.
; '. ! There are so many schemes for parks
and chains of parks and scenic drive
• ways and picturesque boulevards now
before the Council that each of the
eleven members may be said to favor
a different one, and as it takes six
■ votes to submit any proposition to the
people, and eight if the Mayor should
"..veto the ordinance, it can readily be
• seen that the park incident of 1897 has
already practically passed into history,
■ : leaving the Fame record as the twenty
fj two other annual park fiascos which
Auditor Snow said recently he has ob
• served since he came to this city.
' . The matter may drag along for a
fr-w weeks, but it is now really as dead
"•Jn public interest as it is in the opinion
. of the honorable member from the
• 'Second Ward.
WHY HAMMOND
STRUCK BANTEL
Aftermath of the Row Between
Two School Di
rectors.
Heard That Derogatory Remarks
Had Been Made About
Teachers.
The row between School Directors
I'ammond and Bantel that ended in a
nai encounter on Monday ntter
noon, though apparently smoothed
by the love feast that was held
.it the residence of President Barring
ton on Monday night, still rankles in
Hit breast of at least one of the Di
■ ra.
Mr. Hammond believes that he his
not been fairly dealt with by Mr.
Bantel, find that he was justified in
taking the action he did in the board
■ on Monday afternoon. Mr. Ham
nas been one of Director Bantel's
( hi^f supporters in the board when the
latter had any fav<rr to ask. It was
ecauae he asked a return favor and
ime was not readily forthcoming
that the trouble arose.
Mr. Hammond also has another
ground for feeling aggrieved at Mr.
ntfeL Reports have come to his #ars
Bantel has been making derogu
tbry re marks regarding the teachers of
the department. If there is any one
man in the School Board who is ready
at ;tll times to take up the cudgel in
defense nf the- teachers it is Director
Hammond, and the rumor of Bantel'f
remarks aroused his temper to no
.small degree.
lie saya nf- has absolute proof that
! <li<i make the remarks that were
attributed to him, and, if necessary,
will bring a dozen witnesses to sub-
Btantiate the charge. On this ground,
also, he feels that he was justified In
giving his fellow-Director a shaking
Director Hammond is not given to
talkuig, and what he said about the
matter was not uttered for publ'ca
tion, but was told to friends to explain
his encounter with Bantel. It is prob
able the matter will go no further, :i«
fellaw-members have prevailed upon
the two Directors to patch up their
differences and at least appear as
friends.
A MINIATURE WOMAN.
Chiquita Greets the Members of
the Press at a Receptioo Last
Night.
A living doll is the little Chiqaita
who gave a to the press at
the maple room of the Palace Hotel
| last night. She weighs but fifteen
pounds and is only twenty-six inches
high. Just the smallest bit of a thing.
The room was crowded with society
people and the Little One sat in her
little doll chair and entertained the
; assembly. She is a little Cuban and
! was born twenty-seven years ago. She
is pretty and every feature is perfect,
despite the smallness of her physique.
i She sang and danced for those present
and at the end gave them all a picture
with her autograph.
Supervisor Kottanzi was one of those
j present, but the Dr. had a grievance
1 all evening in that the ladies did not
! remove their hats and consequently he
' could not see the midget. He had no
remedy, as the matter was purely a
i social affair.
Chiquita may open at one of the
! theaters here in the city, but it is not
decided yet.
During the evening she drove around
the maple room in a little hack built
■ especially for her and drawn by a Shet
i land pony, the hack not being over
L three feet high.
THE FETE IS
THE REAL THING
Fashion and Beauty Make the
Columbia Pageant a
Success.
Gold Is Expected In Plenty to Re
plenish the Hospital Cof
fers.
The success of the Columbia pageant
continues.
The auditorium of the California
Theater last evening was crowded, the
assemblage quite fashionable and the
house as brilliant and dressy as the
one that lent its presence at the open
ing night of the charitable fete. Con
sequently the heart of the management
is glad, and the performers— all fash
ionable amateurs with the interests of
the Children's Hospital very near and
dear to them — basked in the warm
smiles of the management and went to
work with renewed zeal.
In many respects the performance
! last evening excelled that of the open
; ing night. The long waits between the
■ acts were but a memory of the past,
I and many of the minor features that
I only tended to lengthen the pageant,
! while not adding either to the interest
lor the beauty of the representation,
j were entirely done away with.
As on the opening evening the enthu
siasm of the audience was unbounded.
Each picture was warmly applauded,
and fair Columbia, in private life,
Mrs. Martin Schultz, received several
encores, as did the little Misses Chanty
M. Rose, Jeannette Wooster, Carrie
Mills, Irene Hoges, Marjorie Rambo,
Eleanor Gray, Ruth Merrill and Nina
' Cook for their charmingly picturesque
I May pole dance.
All the participants who on Monday
evening were suffering 'with severe at
tacks of stage fright recovered their
usual self- possession and the perform
; ance moved from start to finish with
j out a disturbing hitch.
The minuet continues to hold the
; place of honor as the purest gem of
'■ the production, and Mr?. Richard
; Bain's delightful ditty in this scene is
i encored many times. Last evening
many choice flowers were passed over
the footlights to the performers.
To-night will be the last opportunity
to see these beautiful historical pic
tures and in spite of the fact that the
sale of seats is large many choice
places are still to be had.
BANKER BIGELOW'S
DAUGHTER TO WED
The Colonial Dames Enter-
tamed by Mrs. George
A. Crux.
The first important engagement of
the New Year was made public yester
day, the interested parties being Miss
Romola Bigelow and Samuel A. Wood
Jr. The fair young fiancee is the
daughter of S. C. Bigelow, the presi
dent of the Savings and Loan Society,
and is one of the most popular belles
in local circles.
No date for the wedding has yet been
set, but it is probable that the young
people will be married early in the
spring.
Mrs. George A. Crux entertained the
Colonial Dames at a matinee tea at
her home on Pine street yesterday af
ternoon, between the hours of 4 and 6.
Mrs. Crux received her guests, as
sisted by Mrs. Selden b. Wright, Mrs.
Elwood Brown, Mrs. Alexander Me-
Adie, Mrs. Joseph L. Moody, Mrs. H.
E. Huntington, Mrs. E. W. Newhall.
Mrs. T. E. Niebling, Mrs. Richard
Queen, Mrs. Louis J. Frazier, Miss
Marie Rose Deane, Miss Esma Deane,
Miss Augusta Kent, Miss Elinor Olney
and Miss Florence Coleman*
More than 100 guests were enter
tained during the hours named and de
licious refreshments served.
Mrs. R. H. Warfleld, Miss Warbur
ton (daughter of the English Consul)
and R. E. Warfield were the guests of
honor on board the Virago on Mon
day afternoon at a lunch given by the
captain of the wardroonv'ofneers.
Meeting of Mechanics' Institute-
At a regular meeting of the Mechanics'
Institute, held last night. S. J. Hendy
was elected trustee to fill the vacancy
caused by the resignation of Joseph I-eg
gett.
Resolutions of condolence with the
famiiy of the late Charles M. Plum, an
old iind highly respected member of the
institute and at one time its president,
were adopted and incorporated with the
records.
The annual election of trustees will be
held February Z?,, the following candi
dates having been named: H. L. Tiekner,
W. G. Copeland, H. \V. Smith. Charles
D. Steiger, P. J. Healy, K. P. Heald, J.
P. Fraser, C. G. Meussdorffer, George W.
Turner, George H. WstliiK, J. H. Culver,
G. K. Presson. Oscar Lewi*. G. L.
Brosse, R. t'hartrey, c. W. Moores.
Native Daughters Entertain.
The several parlors of the Native
Daughters of the Golden West gave a
joint entertainment and ball last night
in Native Sons' Hall in aid of the fund
they are raising to make a grand dis
play on the 24th inst., Golden Jubilee
day. The hall was crowded with mem
bers of the order and friends, who by
their presence encouraged the ladies in
their undertaking. There were presented
a number of tableaux that were magnifi
cent pictures and were loudly applauded
and encored.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
DUNN MEETS
HIS WATERLOO
"Inner Circle" Men Are
Practically Vindi
cated.
Total Defeat Warded Off by
Mr. Fredericks' Verbal
"Spud."
A Little Soothing Syrup in the Re
port — The Vote on Suspension
Avoided.
The eight members of the so-called
"inner circle," accused by President
Dunn of the San Francisco Commer
cial Travelers of conspiring against the
peace of mind of those shut out from
the sacred band stand forth morally
vindicated of the charges preferred
against them by the report of the
court of inquiry. The San Francisco
men met in regular session last night
in Seven Pines Hall of the Alcazar
building, and the first thing to come up
was the report mentioned. It was read
by Chairman Moscrop.
In brief the "solid eight" were exon
i crated of the charges and the recom
mendation made that they be rein
stated into membership. This was the
majority report and contained a clause
' to the effect that the president was.
perhaps, warranted in bringing the
charges, a natural insertion on account
of the fact that the committee was of
Dunn's own selection. The minority
report by L. L. Dobbs simply stated
that either a verdict of acquittal of the
charges or conviction should be agreed
on. This was expected and created no
; surprise.
Hardly was the report made when
Dunn vacated the chair and placed
; therein Harry Becker. His selection
was wise, as Dunn managed to get cer
tain things postponed that might
otherwise have carried.
Dunn then objected strenuously to re
ceiving and accepting the report of his
own committee. He went over the
whole of the evidence, and asserted
that if the men were reinstated the
papers would "roast" him, and begged
that it be rejected. Hours were con
sumed in a heated argument pro and
con, the accused men saying nothing
beyond the fact that, although they
had denied the jurisdiction of the com
mittee, they were willing to abide by
its decision.
Finally Harry Roessler moved that
the report be accepted, and it was done,
practically unanimously. Then he moved
that in accordance with the recommen
dation of the committee the men be re
instated. Dunn again, supported by
others, fought against this. When the
confusion reached fever heat it was
partly allayed by Fredericks, Dunn's
right bower, yelling vociferously for
order. The chair did not bring the mat
ter to a vote, as the previous one
showed that the motion would in all
probability carry.
Fredericks finally threw a verbal
"spud" into the meeting by moving to
adjourn at a time when the hour was
late and everybody tired. It carried,
and the matter of reinstatement was
postponed until the meeting two
weeks from last nipht. when proper
reinforcements can be brought to th.
aid of those who have met defeat so
far.
The California Commercial Travel
ers' Association has decided to launch
out socially, not only for the purpose
of providing an occasional pleasant
evening for the members and friends,
but also to provide a fund for the
widows and orphans. The first ven
ture will be made on next Monday
evening at Native Sons' Hall, and a
veritable feast of good things has
been provided.
CHINA TRAVEL
INCREASING
Pacific Mail's Annual Report
of Traffic to the
Orient.
San Francisco More Than Holds Her
Own in Trans- Pacific Com
petition.
The regular annual report of the
passenger business done by the Pacific
Mail Steamship Company was filed
yesterday with the Inspectors of Hulls
and Boilers, to be forwarded by them
to the proper authorities at Washing
ton.
The report is remarkable, inasmuch
as it shows an increase in travel be
tween this country and the Orient
which is little less than phenomenal.
The approximate number of passen
gers carried both to and from China
and Japan during the year was 12,000,
which is an increase of over 25 per
cent on the previous year and 40 per
cent more than the number handled
for the corresponding trips during the
same seasons of the year 1895.
Though the report does not distin
guish between cabin and steerage and
white and Mongolian passengers, yet
it is a fact that the bulk of the in
crease has been in the cabin and con
sists of the very best class of tourist
travel.
During the previous years the ves
sels of the Pacific Mail touching at the
Hawaiian Islands have always had a
passenger list much larger than those
vessels bound straight through to Yo
kohama. Last year, however, there
was no perceptible difference, the ves
sels going right across carrying fully
as many passengers as those touching
at the inlands. This is thought to be
due to the increase of our commercial
relations with China and Japan and
the number of those whose business
interests make a trip across the Pa
cific necessary.
Though the Canadian Pacific has
done a larger passenger business dur
ing the last year, yet it only amounts
to about, one-half the travel outward
and inward at this port, and the ratio
of increase here is far in excess of that
on the more northern line.
This is supposed to be due to the
shorter time between this city and th«-
Atlantic coast and to the reputation of
California's climate.
BIG MONEY IN COURSING
Valuable Prizes Trjat Are Offered
by the Irjgleside Coursing
ParK.
The regular monthly meeting of the
InterpfaU Coursing Club was held last
evening at Pythian Hall. The new
members elected are: George J. Pan
ario, H. A. Denkleman, John Maher,
Hugh Lynch and Charles L. Willet.
The manager of the Interstate Cours
ing Park agreeably surprised the mem
bers cf the club by the announcement
that the prizes for this year would be
increased as tollowa by the park: Three
hundred and twenty-five dollars for a
thirty- two old dog stake, to be run on the
first Sunday of each month, and the
entrance fee to be $4: $100 for a sixteen
dog puppy Btake; $75 for a twelve dog
puppy stake; $f.O for an eight dog
puppy stake; $200 open stake for beaten
dogs, to be run on the third Sunday of
each month, the entrance fee to he
$2 f.O; $250 for all other open stakes that
are run during the month, with an en
trance fee of $2 50; $550 will be added
by the park to the prizes that will be
run for on February 2 on the occason
of the grand annual coursing meeting
for the John Grace cup, which is in it
self a prize well worth having.
It was stated at the meeting of last
evening that dogs winning one course
will have their entrance fee returned
out of the added money.
The liberality of M. J. Donovan, di
rector-general of the Ingleslde Park,
was highly commented upon by the
leashmen, who extended tho great pro
moter of the grand old sport of cours
ing a vote of thanks and many well
wishes.
On Tuesday night the annual meet
ing of the club will be held. Officers
will then be elected, and much business
of importance will be transacted.
TROUBLES ENDED
WITH A BULLET
George J. Smith Preferred Death
to Further Suffer
ing.
Calmly Prepared for the Future and
Then Deliberately Shot
Himself.
After calmly bidding hie employes
good-night George J. Smith locked the
door of his office, sat down and in a
firm hand wrote a few final instruc
tions to his friends, then took his re
volver and put a bullet in his heart.
Smith was well known in this city
and has attained considerable promi
nence both in his business capacity and
as a politician. For some time he has
been suffering from rheumatism, and is
said to have made the remark that if
he could not be cured he would soon
end his life. Monday evening, as his
employes left him they noticed noth
ing unusual in his demeanor. When
Joseph McKenna, a young man in
Smith's employ, opened the office yes
terday morning he was horrified to find
the body of his employer lying on the
floor beside his chair. Beside him was
a 42-caliber Colt revolver, with one
empty chamber — this told the story.
On the desk near at hand was the fol
lowing note, addressed to his son
Henry:
January 3, '98.
Careara's. Including to-day, $3f13 39;
General Clunto's, up to date, fll!» 00; Robt.
Fry's l>il! is pent. Hake's mom'y is in
my drawer. Sell everything off the ranch
at Healcisburg. Advertise them. It Will
do about February. Pay anything I owe
in Clovenhile. K<vp Joe on the ranch
until the things are sold oiT. My will
is In the box In tho safe deposit. File it
at once. I have tried to think of every*
thing, but it's dollars to doughnutt 1 for
get the most important. Toll your mother
to advise only with John and Jim Tr<-a<l
w< 11. (jiv<- Charlie my pipe, he admires
it. Consult Mr. JLl^yd about the will.
Good-by.
It is supposed that the deed was com
mitted early in the evening, as the
body was stiff and cold when found.
Smith was thought to have been in good
circumstances financially, as he owned
considerable property, both in this city,
and Sonoma County.
He was born in New York State
about sixty years ago and served in the
I'nion army during the civ.l war. He
was in at least thirty battles and was
wounded in the leg on the Held of An
tietam. At the close of the war he
came to California and went into busi
ness as a painter and decorator. He 1
then became acquainted with John
Treadwell and staked him for the mine
which made Treadwell wealthy. Later
both he and Treadwell were injured in
an elevator belonging to Whlttier, Ful
l'-r & Co., and their suit for damages
was in the courts seven years when a
judgment was finally rendered, giving
Treadwell $14,000 and Smith $38,000.
Smith was a member of the Masonic
order and several other fraternal or
ganizations. He leaves a widow and
family at 46 Cook street.
DURRANT CONFIDENT.
Hope Revives, but the Rope Is
Being Well Tested Never
theless.
SAX QUENTIN PRISON, Cal., Jan. 4.
—Many of the prison officials had
strong doubts to-day of the hangman
leading Durrant to the scaffold on Fri
day. The doubts were based on the
fact that Judges Morrow and De
Haven had even entertained a motion
for a writ of habeas corpus in view of
their action in previous appeals of a
like nature. Durrant. after he had
heard the news, said he would not go to
the death trap on Friday and one of his
attorneys. Eugene Deuprey, who called
on the condemned man during the af
ternoon, confidently told several of the
prison guards that he would make sev
eral trips to San Quentin after this
week, and each time he would see his
e'.ient. Mrs. Durrant, the nvnher of the
murderer, who was also a visitor to the
deatb chamber during the afternoon,
£nid her hopes had been eh*«red by tho
action of the court, and she, like her
son and the attorney, was strongly of
the opinion that there would bo no cxc-
CUtfcn within the walls of t*v: prison
on the day set by Judge r.uhrs for the
death of W. H. T. Durrant.
In spite of these assertions that a
stay of execution will be grant.nl by the
courts, the warden of the prison and
his deputies are putting the scaffold
in readiness and completing the other
arrangements for inflicting the death
penalty. The rope, that was under the
stretching process to prepare it for tho
execution of the murderer two years
ago, was examined again to-day and in
all its twenty fe«t of length it has not
a quarter of an inch of spring in it.
Th<' hangman pronounced the rope to
be well stretched, and to-morrow it
will be put in place over the trap and
the noose made ready for the doomed
man's neck.
BUSINESS FOR SIX MONTHS.
The Usual Semi-Annual Report of
tf}e Receiving Hospital Sur
geons.
Dr. Conrad Well, police surgeon at the
Receiving Hospital, has prepared his
semi-annual . report : for the • Board of
Health. It shows; that 2521 cases were
treated : in the hospital between . July 1
and December 31, last. Ju«t 2<5G5 were dis
charged as follows: To City Prison, 283;
City and County Hospital. 235;- to Alms
housc, lDl;.to the State Insane Asylum
158; to German Hospital, 6; to French
Hospital. 3; to United States Marine Hos
pital. 6; to St. Luke's Hospital, 1; to St. :
Mary's Hospital. 7; to St. Joseph's Hos
pital, 3: to Home of -Inebriates, 1; died,
34; . brought' In -dead,- 6. Total, 2831
Births, 3; prescriptions, 61. «».
IN THE REALTY
BROKER'S REALM
The Plymouth Hotel Sold
to Frederick Till
mann Jr.
A. M. Speck & Co. Consummate
Two Good-Sized Trans
actions.
W alter S. Dean Disposes of His Stable
Property on Geary and Leav
en worth Streets.
The new year has opened up most
auspiciously In the real estate world
and several large transactions have re
cently been consummated that will
have a most encouraging tendency on
those investors troubled with a timid
heart.
Last Friday afternoon the sale of the
property on the northeast corner of
Bush and Jones streets, by Louis A.
Berteling to Frederick Tillmann Jr., was
placed on record. Madison & Burke
acted as the brokers in the sale and the
price raid was in the region of $60,00 C
The property fronts 137:6 feet on Jones
street and 60 on Bush, the improve
ments consisting of the Plymouth Ho
tel, a four-story building, and three
flats on Jones street, worth about
$30,000. The rentals amount to about
$550 a month.
Two of the largest of recent sales
have been conducted by A. M. Speck &
Co. One consists of a lot 137:6x137:6,
on the northwest corner of Golden
Gate avenue and Steiner street. The
improvements consist of eight houses
of seven rooms each, with bath and
basement. The property was sold by
the Sharon Estate Company to Edwin
H. Mozart, the milliner at Sixth and
Market streets, and the price is given
at $45,000, a pure cash transaction.
Mozart will make certain improve
ments and hold the property as a
source of revenue.
The other large sale conducted by
Speck & Co. was of the property on the
north line of Ellis street. 55 feet west
of Jones. The lot is 52x120 to the rear
street and has on it the foundation for
an extensive apartment house, costing
over $5000. Joseph Hume, the canning
man, was the seller, and the buyer was
S. L. Sly, an Oakland speculator. The
Belling price of the property was about
$35,000. it being almost a cash trans
action. Sly will make extensive im
provements at once.
Another good sized sale is of the
property on the southeast corner of
Geary and Leavenworth streets, by
Walter S. Dean, to a customer of
Shainwald, Buckbee & Co., for a re
ported price of $30,000. The lot fronts
56:6 feet on Geary street and 110 on
Leavenworth, and has on it a stable
with hall above, bringing in a monthly
rental of $175.
Dealers do not predict an immediate
appreciation in the values of property
for the year on account of the fact that
so much property is now on the mar
ket, but this will come in time. There
is no doubt of the fact that last year
was an improvement on the year pre
ceding, so far as the volume of busi
ness transacted was concerned, and the
outlook now is very favorable. Build
ing improvements have certainly been
disappointing, but the reasons for this
unfavorable fact have of late disap
peared largely and better news will
doubtless be heard in that line also.
The inquiry for country property is
something tremendous, both for homes
and stock ranches, which shows that
the general upward trend of the mar
ket extends over the whole State.
IN BLACK AND WHITE.
The records show the number of
mortgages for the weeic to be fifty-two,
aggregating the sum of $144,329. For
the same period thirty releases passed
to record, amounting to $122,991. The
following were the principal mort-
gages:
By the Hibernia Bank to Bartolemeo
R. Prince, $8000 for one year at Vjk per
per cent on property on the northeast
corner of Fulton and Laguna streets, 55
x!M. same to Francis D. and Mary L.
Griffin, $6000 for one year at t>Va per cent
on property on the east line of Van Ness
avenue. 68 south of Union street, 35x125;
Humboldt Bank to Annie Vredenburgh,
$13,000 for one year at 7 per cent on prop
erty on the east line of Van Ness ave
nue. 60 north of Turk street: Hibernia
Bank to Agathe L. Villegla, $6000 for one
year at fi 1 ,* per cent on property on the
north line of Turk street. 31 east of Stein
(t; r. W. M. Lange to Franz E. V., or
Frank and Pauline Siebrecht, $6054 on
property on the north line of Vallejo
street, 110 east of Larkin; same to Na
thaniel J. Brittan for one yoar at 6\» per
cent, on property on the southwest cor
ner of California and Davis streets. 137:6
x 137:6; same to Louis, Benjamin and Lfl
lie Meyer, Tillie Blumenthnl. Becky Wolf.
Marie Zobel and Susie Goldberg, $13,000
for one year at 6*i per cent on property
on the southwest corner of Sixth a"nd
Mission streets. 25x75.
The following releases were for
comparatively large sums:
From the Pacific Loan Association to
Isadore S. Ackerman. $20,000 on property
on the east line of Van Ness avenue, 60
pnuth of O'Farrell street, 30x109; same to
Isadore H. Ackerman. $20,000 on same"
property: Hibernia Bank to Gerhard F.
Hanekamp, $10,000 on property on the
northwest corner of Page and Franklin
streets, 110x60; same to John G. W.
Bchulte, $7000 on property on the north
west corner of Pierce and Halght streets,
137:6x137:6; same to Daniel Scales. $6000 on
property on the southeast corner of Du
pont arid Green streets, 68:0x64:6; Daniel
Meyer to Annlo G. W. and Letitia Hen
rlr\ . $804."! on property on the north line of
F<li street, 131:3 west of Ashbury, 100x
137:6; Hibernia Bank to Louis A. BertH
ing, $25,000 on property on the northeast
corner of Busn and Jones streets, 60x
UNDER THE HAMMER.
The record of last year for auction sales
wns a good one. The outlook for the pres
ent seems to be still better. Three firms
have already catalogues for the latter
part of the month prepared, and it Is
likely that several more will enter tho
arena before the month closes. All those
scheduled liavo been ment'oned previous
ly in these columns. If the prices offered
are satisfactory there can be little doubt
that auction sales will grow to be a spe
cial feature.
RANDOM NOTES.
Xine stores in A. .W. Wilson's new
build inn; on the southwest corner of Turk
and Taylor . streets have been leased by
A. M. Speck & Co. for terms of three and
five years. - -. ; '■•-*■
The College of Notre Dame on the east
side of Dolores street, north ot Seven
teenth, will soon be enlarged by the ad
dition of a. four-story building, and con
tracts have already been let in the sum of
J33.651. J. iW. Smith will do the carpen
try, mill, tin and galvanized iron work
for S3SJMB; the largest of the other con
tracts is for the hot water heating by
Holbrook, Merrill & Stetson In the sum
of $3,507. •
It is confidently expected that the new
Hall of Justico will be completed some
time in the twentieth century. The con
tractors now have the steel framework
up as far. as the third story, . a fact al
most Inexplicable in the light of • preced-
Ing event* ' <~ . -;
Pozzonl's Complexion
Powdbr produces » soft and beautiful skin;
it combines every element of beauty and
purity.
Tharp & Holmes have recently prepared
plans for George K. Beverldffp for the
construction of two residences on the
north line of Jackson street, between
Walnut and Laurel. One will be occupied
by th" owner and the oiher will bo rent
pa. The cost of the two will aggregate
$11,000.
hollowing were the bids received for
the construction of Fraternity Hall at
Palo Alto: Allan de I.air, 512.454: Ingram
A- Witlton, J12.532: James A. Wilson. $13,
050; P. H. White. $13,400: E. A. Hettin
ger. $13,611; Laumeister & Downing $13.-
M 7; J. E. Cogswell. $14,100: L. S. Bean.
$14,472: Powell & Dean. $14,700; F. L, Han
sen. $14,tf0; Thompson & Co., $15,600; M.
Hening. $1*.651: J. H. McKay. $18,200.
The second installment of taxes on real
estate became due yesterday, but owners
will have until April 25 to pay.
WILL MOVE FOR
A REHEARING
John L. Boone Dissatisfied With
the Decree of the
Courts.
Claims He Was Deceived Regarding
the Evidence to Be Used,
Against Him.
John L. Boone, who was recently
disbarred by the Supreme Court for
unprofesslon.il conduct in connection
with the Bowers patents, Is dissatis
fied with the actions of that body and
will next Monday have a motion made
for a rehearing of the case. The notice
was filed yesterday afternoon, together
with an affidavit. Mr. Boone claims
"that the court misled and deceived
the respondent in the preliminary
part of said proceedings by holding
that it had no right to go behind the
contract and release, and afterward at
the hearing, without further notice
to respondent's counsel, ignoring its
said ruling and basing its decision on
matters that occurred prior to the con
tract and release."
In the affidavit he goes over the case
fully and then comes out with the alle
gation that the decision of the court
was made more on account of things
which transpired prior to the contract
and release. He says:
"That relying on the said statement
of the court and believing that no im
portance would be given to tfie facts
and circumstances which transpired
prior to the contract and release af
fiant failed to give said matters in de
tail as fully as he otherwise would
have done, and neglected to place in
evidence certain facts corroborative of
his testimony, which he otherwise
would have done if he had known that
the court intended to consider and
pass upon the testimony relating to
said prior matter; that notwithstand
ing said statement by the court it did,
fn rendering its opinion and decision,
herein consider and did practically
base and form its opinion on said prior
transactions, and the proof thereof
which affiant was so misled into keep
ing back so far as he could, thinking
that thereby he would act more con
servatively as the former attorney of
said Bowers, and would appear more
consistent in the eyes of the public and
this court."
He also makes a claim of new evi
dence, which could not be obtained at
the time of the former trial.
NEW TO-DAY.
HE SENDS^IT FREE.
A Never Foiling Remedy That
Makes a Man Young Again.
TRUE MANLINESS QCICKLT REPLACES THE
WORN OUT NERVES AND VIGOR. .'; ?j
When a man's strength and vigor Is !
slowly wasting away from nervous
weakness, the mental forebodings are
ten times worse than the most severe
pain. There is no let up to the mental
suffering day or night. For years the
writer rolled and tossed on the troubled
sea of Nervous Debility, Emissions,
Lame Back and the various other
troubles of Sexual "Weakness, until it
was a question whether he had not
better take a dose of poison and thus
end all his troubles. But providential
inspiration came to his aid in the shape
of a combination of medicines that
completely restored his general health
and enlarged his weak, emaciated
parts to natural size and vigor, and
he now declares that any man, young
or old, who will take the trouble to
send his name and address may. have !
Free full particulars of this wonderful
home treatment which quickly restored
me to my full strength and . vigor of |
youth. Now, when I say free, I mean
absolutely without cost, because*! want
every weakened man to get the benefit
of my experience.
There are thousands of men suffering
the mental tortures of weakened man-
hood who would be cured at once could l
they but get such a remedy as the one
that cured me. Send for it, and learn
that there are a few things on earth,
although they cost nothing to get, are
worth a fortune to some men, and
mean a lifetime of happiness to most
of us. Write to Thomas Slater, 178
Masonic Temple, Kalamazoo. Mich.,
and the information will be mailed in a
plain, sealed envelope. • -
BAILROAD TBAVEL.
'rr-Timilnmf CALIFORNIA
jK^^^! LIM £D<
HffSWß^'' san FR T A o NGisc °
IJSMJISIiIIj . CHICAGO.
Trains leave Iryjn and arrive at ' Market-
street Ferry. .- • - ■ ■
San Francisco Ticket Offlce— 644 Market St.,
Chronicle building. Telephone Main IS2O. Oak-
land Office— lllS Broadway. Sacramento , Of- '
flee— 2ol J st. - •■•■
The Best Railway— San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIME OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.?0 p. m.,
Thursdays and Sundays; arrive St. Louis 7:W
a. m. Fridays and ■ Mondays; arrive Chicago
9:4." a. m., Fridays and Mondays. : \ . -
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet- Smoking Cars atiJ Pullman Palace
Sleeping Cars. • . -■
This .train carries First-Class Passengers
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRSSS. leaving dally at
4:30 p. m., carries Pullnan Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping C*rs on fast time. Di-
rect connecticn in Chicago and Kansas City
for all points East. -
New rails, . . new - ties, new ballast, new •
bridges. - The shortest crossing of the desert
and a country that interests by Its varied and
beautiful scenery. ' The highest grade of pas-
senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
mous dining-rooms. '• ■ -' 
NORTH PACIFIC COAST BAILROAD.
'•'■ Via Sausalito Ferry. ". ■
From San Francisco, Commencing September
■19. 1537. •
WEEK DAYS. '
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *7:2S, *9:Sft.
11:30 a. m. *1:45, 5:45. •6:16. 6:00. 6:30 p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS. ■- ,
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »10
•11:30 a. m . ; n:l3. 8:00. «4:30. 6:15 p. m. •
Trains marked • run to San Quentin. . ■ -
, THROUGH TRAINS.
1:25 a. m. v.-c^kdays for Cazadero and w«y sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duncan Mills and way stations; 8:00 a. m.
Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations, j
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.) ..
Leave San Francisco Commencing Nov.
13, 1897.
WEEK DAYS— 9:3O a. m. 1:43 p m -
SUN D A YB-8 :00. 10:00, 11:30 a. m. : 1:15 p. •m.
Epeclal trips can be arranged to-- by applying
to THOS. COOK * SON. 621 Market st.V San
Fraacisco, or telephoning Tavern of Tamalpais.
Auction Sales.
SPECIAL AUCTION SALE
ft* — AT — ft*
BOSTON LIVERY. STABLES, 2918 MISSION ST.
Between Twenty-nfth and Twenty-sixth. ' j
FRIDAY.
Friday January 7, IS9B,
AT 11 A. M.
By order of W. S. Bishop (who Is going to
retire from business on account -of part of
stables bumwi down), we will sell the con-
tents of above., stablest, consisting of 20 horses,
including black team, 2 almost new Cunning-
Bam backs, II open and top buggies, 3 wagons.
8 carts, 80 ssts of good harness, robes, blan-
k#t<>. rirtiß* saddles. 1 Hall safe, office fur-
niture, «te.. etc. Also the fast pacing mare.
Flora 8., with a. record of 2:20: 8 years old.
sounij. kind and gentle: sired by Mambrmo
Wilk»s, and can be seen any time before day
of,?ale. SULLIVAN & DOYLE,
Live Stock Auctioneers.
OfWrr— 527 Sixth st. ' .
/^~*1&. Dr.JGibbon's Dispensary,
A s^fci&|o2t'> KEABXT XT- Established
al>r. Gibbon's Dispensary,
fI2.">KEABSVJiT. Established
io 1R54 for the trpHtmentof Private
i'/Lj J(V'<£}Gf M—«a»«i Lost Manhood. Debility or
QN3igdj«f& diyeas* wearing on bodyanri mind and
vS»^^A Sum Diseases. 'I'hecioctorcureswheii
mSEffiMgH others fall. Try him. Churges low.
iTWfflJwflrgaa « ur« tiarante-d. Callorwrtte.
Pr. J. W. «.tnßO>. Bos 1957. 5 an Francisco.
BAILBOAD TRAVEL.
■Ol7Tlfi:n!t PACIFIC COSIPANY.
(PACIKId HVKTEM.)
Trnlna leave mnl nrr «ln« (o arrive «i
NAN I'IU!(€I!«€O.
' (Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ' • .
leave — Tbom Jaxcary 1, 1898. — AERrva
•6:00 a Nilei, Ban Jose and Way Stations... *Bj4sa
7:0Oa Beniqia, Suiaun and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:00 a MaryjTiUc, Oroiille and Ueddine ria-
Woodland 5:45p
7:00 a V»c»Tillc and Ramsey 8:4Bp
- 7:UO a Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, Napa,
I C&listcgs and Banta Rosa 6:lsr>
B<ooa Atiiiiti • lSxpress, Ugilt'ii aud Kast.. 8:43 p.
■:3Oa Kiles, Bau Jo«c. Stuckton, lone,
■ ' '. Sscraaicnto, MarysTille, . • Chico,
.-.. TehamaandßeiUJlnrt 4ilsp
•8:30 a Peters, Miltou and Oakdale »7:l»p
O:OOa Kew O^Uaus i:»i)rer,s, Merced. Ray.
mond, I'tesno, Bakerslield, Suuta
avbara, .ob Atigelos, Dem in
El i'ft.so, New Orleans and East. 6:43«
9:0O a VaTlejo, Martinez. Merced and
Pregno 18:1 3p
*l:OOp Sacramento Hiver Steauiern......... *0:OOp
l:OOr Nilea. gan Joso and Way Stations.. Jo:l3a
] :3Or MarUoez and Way Stations 7:45p
tt:OOp LiTcrmore, Mendota, Hanford and
vWSia 4:15p
....... Lm-jjaare, S»n Jose, Niles and Way '
Stations 110:13 a
4:00p Martluez. Bar. Ramon, Vallejo,
Kapa, Calistoga, Xl Verauo and
Kaut»Eosa 9ll»A
4:00r Benjcia, VacaTille, Woodland,.
, . . Heights LanditiK, Marysville, Oro-
Tllic and Sacramento 10:43 a
4:30p Niles, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:13p
4:30p Latbxop, Mo<]«sto, Merced, Berend*,
Fresno, Mojave (for Randsborg),
Santa jlarbara and Ixm Angeles.. 7(45 a
4:30 f fcianU I'o Route, Atlautie Express
for Mojavo and Kast '. 0:43 p
•£3:3 op "Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, £1 -
- . P%m>, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louia, Chicago and East §10:1 5 a
1T3:30p " Siinset Limited Annex," El Paso.
\ Xe> Orleans and Ea5t ............ $10:I5a
S:OOi> r.un>itenu Mail, Ogden and l'.ust.... 9:45 a
6:OOr lliiyivar.N, Nilegmid San Jese 7:45 a
J8:00p Vallejo f7:4Bp
B:<top Orecou llxiuoss, Sacramento, Marys>
vtrie, Kediling, Portland, Pugek
■Soiiiiflitiid l-'.nut SilS*.
SAN LEAN Ml 0 AMU HA¥WAKI»S LOCAL.
fToot of Market Street.)
\ 8:'ooa KeTrose, Seminary P»rk, ? 7713 a.
8:00 a MeTroM, Seminary Park, «! 9l *S A
I*!SSa ritel,b«r ,El« ,an,t, : J?!^
• U:00a San Leandro, South S»a. 12:43p
tl lo .° f teMa^Estndiir*, {Jig*
*»3:6b*p ; L«rrnxo. Cherry, •< *4:43p
4:0«P ' ' . «5:43p
S:OUP * ad | 6:13p
7:OUf najrn.ru.. |;«p
* : «<>r ifbaat through to Niles. ,£ : £j ?
ttll:ls r y t From Niles 1 lOiSCp
ttll:lsr- .__" lftia:OQp
COAST l>lVls|(»> (Narrow Waugc). ~
, (Foot of Market Street.) . t '
• iISa NcTTMk,CciitervilUvSitn.lo»e,Felt«ii,
Boulder Creek, Sunta Cruz and Way
Stations ;...'. »!»•»
•B»JspKeV»r>. Ceiitertillc, San Jose, New
Almailen, Felton, llouUler Creek,
S^nta Crur. and Principal Way
Stations •1O«»««
4:15 c Kewark, S.u. .Inn.- and Lo« Gatos ... 0;20a
j f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jooe and
. Way Stations t7:»OP
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
Prin rakSCRCO — of Market Street (Slip 8)— ■
•7:15 9:00 . ll:00*.M. tl:00 ♦2:00 J3:WI
! *4:00 ' t5:00 •e:OOr.M.
i rroaOilUKD-rootofßroadw.y.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00*.M.
tI2:QO *l:00 t2:00 *3:CO tl:00 *8:00r.li.
' lOasT niVINION (Broad «*nge). ;
- (Third and Townsend Stg.)
6j33a Sau'.Tose s'.'l Way Stations (New
Aliuacicn Wednesdays only) 6j33a
•iOOa Man Joso, Ires Pimts, Mania Cruz, .
Pacitlc (iiove, Paso Roblcs, Sau
Lnia Oliini'o, Guadalupe, Surf anil
. -Principal Wny Stations 4:13p
19:40 a Sau Joso and Way Stations «8:OOa
11:3Oa San Jose ami Way Stations 8:33 a
*a:3Oi> San Mateo. Redwood, Menlo Park.
Basta. Clara, San Jose, Gllroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas, •
Moaterey ami I'ncMc Grove # IO:4Oa
•8:13r San Jose and Principal Way Stalions *9H)Oa
*4il3i> San Jose aud Principal Way Statious 9:45 a
•3:OOp Ban Jose and Principal Way Stations l:30p
3:30r Sau Jose ami Princinal Way Stations 5:30p
6:30p San Jose ami Way Stations 7:»©p
flli4sp Sau Joseaiul Way Stations 7:20p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
! Sundays exeepted. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only.
+ 1 Monday, Thursday and Saturday nighU only.
*i Moodays »nd Thursdays.
_ f Wednesdays and Saturdays. _
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tlburon Ftrry, Foot oS Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 11:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and ll:S0 p. m.
6UNDAYS-S:0O. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 3:39
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO. >&*:
WEEK DATS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m. :
12:45, 8:40. 6:10 p. nj. Saturdays— Extra trips
at 1:56 p. m. and <:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:I6. 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Betwa«R San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
•am« sfh«dul« as above. I . ■.• - ■
Leave ~T" Tn^frZ^t ■ Arrive ■•. .
San Francisco. octT 24 San FranclBCo -
Week") Suo- TV»«t^'tinn I Sun- ) Week '
| Days. I days. ! Desunatlon I dayB 1 daya.
' T :30a.m. *8 :00a.m.) Nova to,- 10:40 a.m. 8:40 a.m.
; 3:30 p.m. 9:?oa.ra. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. i 7:35 p.m. i 6:22 p.m.
. . ■ " , Fulton, — —
T :30a.m. I . , Windsor, ; 10:2ja.m.
■■; I 1 Healdsburs ,
; Lyuon.
• Geyserville,
8:38 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdale. 7:35 p.m. 6:22pJBV
f ' jHopland undj ~~
T :30a.m.: 8 ■■00a.m. 1 Uklah. - | 7:35 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
j t :ioa.m7) T I 10:25a.mT
. j*:CTa.m. Guerneville. 7:35 p.m.
3:50p.m. 1 ' . I I | 6:22 p.m.
T^ooa>m.!d :Wa.m. Sonoma 10:40a.m.1 ~8 : 40a.m.
•»■ . ana
8:10 p.m. 5:(10p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10p.m.| 6:22 p.m.
f:Soa.m.|B j €>>«.._„„, |10:10a.m.]10:25a.mT
S:Sop.m.[s.-00p.m.l SebagtcpoL | 7:Ssp m [ 7:2 2 p.m.
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
£pr;n«cs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverfal* for the Geysers; at Hopland for
Hithlan.l Springs, Kelseyville. Soda Bay.
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs;: at Ukiah for
Vli.hy Biijngs, Saratoga in??, Blue Lakes.
Laurel £)611 I.akr, Upper Lake, Porao, Potter
Valley. John Pay's. Riverside, Lierleys Buck-
Valley, John Day's. Riverside, Lierley's, Buck-
Bell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullvllle, Booneville.
' Orr's Hot Springs. Mendocino City, Fort
Bragg, Weetport, Usal. ' > .
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates. .-- - • . .
On Sunday? round-trip tickets to all polnU
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offlees— ' Market street, Chronicle
building.
A. W.i FOSTRR. R. X. RYAN. ;
Pits, and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agt.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
YSm\ RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10, 1557, trains will run as
follow*: - • .* ■ : . . . - ■
Southbound. " j§j Northbound.
Pnsscn- ; . Mixed ' Q,.. fr ,__ Mixed Paseen-
rer ■ . Sunday Stations. Sunday ger
I Dally. . Excp'td Exc'p'td Daily.
' •T:2oa.ra. 0:00 a.m. Stockton 8:45 p.m. 5:40 p.m.
• 9:10 a.m. 12:S0 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. '»:so p.m. Fresno , J:3oa.m. 2:20 p.m.
11:40 a.m. if :20 p.m. Hanford .:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
13:15 p.m.! 6:45p.m.l Visalia ] 6:40 a.m. 12:40 p.m.
. Stoppln g atjntermediate points when required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats o£
C. N. & I. Co.,' i leaving . San Francisco and
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. daily; at Merced wita
stagts to and from Snellings, Coulterville, etc. ; I
also with stage from Hornitos, Marlposa, etc.
at Lankershlm with stage to and from Madera,
I uera.
1112
TORSIDA WAS
EASILY BEATEN
The Match Race in the
Nature of a Gift for
Eddie Jones.
The Roman Defeated Fleur de
Lis and Made a Track
Record.
Chappie First at 8O to I— Oarland
Barr Scored in a Hard
Drive.
It is more than probable that the
Burns & Waterhouse stable thinks it
self entitled to a gTeat big "kick." On
New Year's day Eddie Jones, the sta
ble's crack Morello colt, defeated Tor-
Bida in a seven-furlong run, for which
the latter went to the post a strongly
supported favorite. It was dusk when
the race was run, and when the horses
returned to the 6tand Piggott on Tor-
Bida claimed that Thorpe, astride the
winner, deliberately cut him off a fur
long from the wire. The claim of foul
was allowed, and, under the recently
created rule, Eddie Jones was placed
second and the race given to Torsida.
As a result of the ruling the pair were
matched for $750 a side, the race to be
run under the same conditions as gov
erned the New Tear's day race. The
match was decided at Ingleside yester
day at 1 o'clock, and the son of Morello
administered a sound and decisive
drubbing to the filly. . In the betting
the Burns <Sr Waterhouse entry was
favorite, the bookmakers doing busi
ness, holding him at 7 to 10, with 6 to 5
against the other. As Ed Corrigan
would not permit Piggott to ride. Henry
Shields piloted Torsida. Starter Cald
well dispatched the pair to a perfect
break. Eddie Jones skipped to the
front, and, never extended, won in a
gallop, traveling the route in the fast
time of 1:27 flat. The winner is still
eilgible to start in maiden races.
It was rather a pleasant day for out
siders, Einstein. Chappie, Miss Ross
and Garland Barr all turning up win
ners at very remunerative odds.
The most notable performance of tho
afternoon was that of The Roman, in
the mile and a furlong handicap, the
sturdy son of Brutus reducing the
track record one and a hair seconds,
the mark now to shoot at being 1:5314.
He was an 11 to 5 choice in the ring,
with Willie Martin in the saddle, and
it took all of that polished rider's
ekill to land his mount winner from
Fleur de Lis, Stemler's fast mare suc
cumbing only by a neck in a long,
hard drive. She was as good as 10 to 1
In the betting and was heavily backed.
Tom BromweH, the second choice, was
a poor third in front of Grady, Double
Quick and Los Prietos.
The Corrigan colors were borne to
the front in the opening six-furlong
eprint of Einstein, against which the
books laid 5 to 1 opening. The colt was
plugged in the betting and galloping
over his field won as he pleased from
Duke of York 11.
The last performance of Kaiser Lud
wig was nothing to gloat over, but
Tom Griffin's horse seemed to be Just
about the real thing in the second
event yesterday. With odds of 6 to 1
about him in the betting, he collared
Torsir.o in the stretch and looked to
have the race well in hand, when
Gray, on the 30 to 1 shot Chappie ap
parently caught Clawson. on the iead
er napping and snatched the race by
c head. The fWd was a large one and
tho winner was neglected in the bet
ti n st.
Miss Ross was another one that was
allowed to perambulate in the betting
without being accorded much support
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
PP A of IF ;l£ JOCKEY CLUB— lnpleslde Track — Fifty-sixth day
Track fait Meeting. Tuesday, January 4-. 1898. Weather fine
3T9. FIRST R ACE— Six furlongs; three-year-olds: purse. $360.
4p| *<***: }veight.|St. urn. 4m. %m. Btr. Fin. | Jockey. |Op. a
%s!fr^s?sl :::'V!f F8 ::::::: 5 S
J|JK!bu^::::::io1 ; ;;;• » ■ » i^ f» Iga^o^
__T!me, 1:16 V.. Winner, k. Corrt«»a^ b. o. by Rlley-Maggle B._Good start. won easily.
380. SECOXD ACE— Six furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse.
livlox. Horse>.. WelghTTst. Mga. %m . 9tr. Fin. I Jockeys' \Op cT
asL^F^Ei ::: M L pS^' ::::::: H
ißiiillll I Kll
327 MnlUe R. « ]0S ! 2 " 44 Sit 74 S2 Con^e?" S J
r Ludwlj. 4...110 7 ... 2 2 2h 2 8 2h iciaw on"::."-
Soo\ a ;-5::::::loi^ ::; II \\ "la *A IdaS I
4 6
: 4 4
3 7-2
8 7
8 12
c 7
6 5
I 30 20
15 20
! 30 50
i 50 100
1 20 .20
irt. Won
r~7 — .*" ; ••• J* »S *V 4.44 Shields
;;; ,? ',*, ft >«
-•_ 4 ---. 1051 3 ... «h 8 U « 2 7 9 '.v t™.. ,'
:>:: 6 EE» ;;;- an .?- •* . vs ®&2m
?• * ... 4 4 SVi 74 S2 iConley I
4
if
3
2
2
1
1
4
worth;-B:::::::mi8 ::: i? J S ml ,9, 9 n z , e^"f- I
' a^- 5 }$•• ••• 10 2 112 113 112 iMead I
: . e ::::::::::::::}g|S ::: i^ 1 I! 2 12 3 12 4 . fT. Williams ;
■ * 108,13 ... 13 1* is ia n.ri« n I
- ' *» i* IB 13 Oarliran
Wlnner> Dr - H - E - Row ell's b. g. by Imp. Order-Hoyden.' Good sta
first tl
381.
THIRr> RACE— One and an eighth miles; handicap
purse, 1500.
Roman. 4 1]
r de Lls. 4 1(
Cromwell, 6...1:
Iv. B 1]
ble Quick. 5 ](
PrJftos. 8 i
8 1
8
4 n
1 8
4 1!
6
1 1
45H4 5 H
2%
2 n
4 2
I
1 n
2 7
3 IS
I*
i*iM.n.m ..
elds
orpe' |
iley
iWRon .....
(me.
■
3 14
0
•
— n^ ~ :—: — - — - — - '"""-" I » W
m^ Sl:6p^tolS I:6 p^tol^ r nj;^Xe^r1 B vfn, BOD *" C " by ' mP - B -Bea U t . Oood .Urt.
382.
F'TRTH RACE— Six furlong*: •elllng;
866 Miss R0f8,6 108J"!
IS9 Harry Thoburn, 4.. 107 5
. 123 Hennanlta, 6 10S t
361 Lost Girl, 4 109 7
; (259) Major Conk. 6... ....110 3
371 George Miller, a.. 113 2 "
371 Midas. 6 113 4
(3r.«i Dick Behan, 6 1131 6
229 Tim Murphy, a 110110
297 Emma D, a IQBJ 8
arry Thnburn. 4..107|f ... U 4 1 4 i 2 1U i'\v -rV.-i ,? *
enrianlt*. 6..:... 108 J "I ,h 9 1 82U 3h* S,VM aylor — 8
ost Girl. 4 303 7 7h 7 1 fih ?f Shields ....... 16 15
SK, c 5«;::::!!Sr Si; JL ? I ss 2u2 u I=™— «-*»-«
|..-k Rehan, € 113 6 10 in ay, i 4 Si ™ls°n ... 10 IB
tbgyMi,?- ° r "'"''' C "- »•""»»■• Ro...™t»:Vlri,n,. n.,1,. Go<Hl
i 1
4 v
9h
7 h
3 1
1 2
6%
10
I 1
8j
2 h
4 1
9 1
7 1 •
8 14
1 2
5 1%
10
6 1
t h :
2 14
I 3h
. 4 1
E h
C 2
m
10
383.
FIFTH RACE— One mJle; selling;
: purse. |4«0.
■ ■•>. !
-• :
• 347
372
laiianu duit, 0.....
lyth. 4
leorge Lee. 3
hasta Water,- 4
ule. 3.
I 4
2
! l
! 3
12
3 4 .
? %
na
n
n s
n
%
1
6
4
9
nley
Connor
1
4
E
MehoU ...
iwßon
Wooda ....
Time. 1:414. Winner. J. ±
first three driving.
Fo»g"» b. «. by imp.
Good start.
Won
384.
SIXTH RACE— Six furlongs; thr»e-year-ol<U ; purse. $850.'
Irdex. Horses. Welgl
3. r .3 San Ven&do '
... Glorian
2CI Plan :
Ot Gr.od Friend
372 Morinel ]
171 Rebel Jack :
311 Novla :
338 Tiger Lily 1
... Irrltator I
i-r:2O) J Mi»s Alien ....;
.»i K^.;:::::::::;:::^ ? ::: 2£* ■ -51 -.!»*. fU^cS:::::! \S I
372 Morinel 100 8 ... 8h I' 4I '4 72 K2 S5S 5 vT y v ", 9 " B v - 5
371 Rebel Jack 105 7 " .'. 10 7h 6h 63U ChOlS " — 40
.■2.VS^^-:"::r.::}ar. ' ... A\ I? 5h 8 2 Thorne ::::::: T ? 5
■,^i5^— .SSS ■.:::.- »• ■■■ 1 W »,» JJLJg: •"" .«j S
-.WoS'gSt l^ -fcffigr E : J " Baldwin ' e br - °- * to »>: Doßcon.b-LU^ 18. Good . .tart.
1
\l
! 7
I
h
h*
1
h
h
1
h '
h
1 n
2 S
4 3*
8 8
?h 4
7h
6 «i
5 h
10
9 lVf
■1
b
H
h
4
2
h
2
2
3
•
MATCH RACE— Seven furlongs.
mes, a
a...-: :
Time. 1:27.
Won easily.
Winner, Burn* * Waterhouse'a br. c. hy MoreUo-Earfy Rom. Good start.
One of ten starters In the fourth event
at six furlongs, she went over to the
post an 8 to 1- chance with Thorpe in
the saddle, and, overtaking George
Miller at the head of the stretch, led
Harry Thoburn out less than a length
at the wire. George Miller was again
made a favorite, but his suspicious legs
must have given him trouble, for the
old favorite stopped badly in the run
home.
On paper the mile selling run looked
a certainty for Shasta Water, and she
was plunged on at the short price of
7to 10. The mare must have been out
of sorts, for Clawson was unable to
make her raise a r^lop- Myth, with
Midget O'Connor in the saddle, led the
bunch to within a few yards of the
wire, where Conley got up with Gar
land Barr. and in a hard drive got the
decision by a head. George Lee easily
downed the first choice for the show.
The Baldwin entry, San Venado, took
the final six-furlong sprint In a
drive from Glorian. The winner ruled
a 5 to 2 favorite, and, leading from the
start, won out by a head at the wire.
A Good Racing Card To-Day.
Following are the entries:
First Race— Seven furlongs: maiden three
year-olds.
::G0 Texarkana 115 ! 822 The Dipper ....115
360 NUhau 103 3fis Roulette Wneel.iO3
362 Joe Levy 105 1 25S Prestar 115
36E Imperlus 112 802 Carlipt 106
346 Mißtleton 10S 862 Formella 108
360 Tom Spencer ..Mb I ...Caddie 115
»T. McHugh ...108 866 Mulnbar 116
860 Hlmera 103
Beeond Race — Three-quarters of a mile: Bell
ing.
(355)Mldllrht 106 i SBO Easel 96
139 Chartreuse IT ..102 855 Mlss Lynah . 40J
S7« Highland Ball.. 94 !(381)Zamar II 108
320 La Loma 94 i ... Tulare 106
352 Harry Thoburn. 9;' ... Fred Gardner ..106
355 Mainstay 109 839 Lucky Dog 114
371 Sorrow 82, 310 Mordecal W>
377 Peril 100 j 846 Lady Ashley .. 82
362 Ablna SS [ ... Indlo 106
Third Race— One mile: selling.
880 Mollle R 100 291 Carallo 101
V 9 Tobey HI 865 Ml as Ruth 101
880 Sonlro :.. »8 1 255 Mulberry 106
373 Rufalba 102 j 356 Attlcus 98
358 All Smoke 103 179 Heidelberg 101
3*o Kaiser Ludwlg.l'U 373 Florimel 96
349 Alahabad 109 380 Ike L 106
801 Our Climate ...109
Fourth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; sell
ing.
354 Twinkle Twlnk.lo4! 378 Stentor 11l
359 Pat Murphy ..114! ... Joe rilman 106
(226) R. Q. Ban 117 332 Cardwell 117
... I Don't Know. .114 373 Malplaquet 104
Fifth Race — One mile; selling.
369 Song and DancelOS 375 Red Glenn 109
37S Walter 1 106 332 Charles A 10S
359 Coda 101 !370)San Marco 112
R7l Lena 102 361 Miss Prim 96
jC!2l)O'Fleta 109, 377 Benamela 106
370 Little Cripple. ..lo9 376 Charlie R1eff....101
270 Joe Terry U2|
Sixth Race— On* mile.
(853) Count Flanders. 94 (366)Cabrlllo 114
87f» Horatio 109 840 Satsuma 114
863 Libertine 114 377 Rubicon 114
SELECTIONS FOR TO- DAT.
First Race— Prestar, Joe Levy, The Dipper.
Second Raoe — Sorrow, Midllght, Lucky Dog.
Third Race— Kaiser Ludwtg, Heidelberg,
Florlmel.
Fourth Race— R. Q. Ban, I Don't Know,
Stentor.
Fifth Race— San Marco, Benamela, Joe Terry.
Sixth Race — Count of Flanders, Satsuma,
Rubicon.
MAY HAVE BEEN SUICIDE.
Judge Seawell Yesterday Decided
That the Policy oi) the Life of
G. D. A.Crosble Is Worthless.
Judge Seawell filed an opinion In fa
vor of the Pacific Mutual Life Insur
ance Company yesterday In an action
I brought against the company to re
j cover $10,000 on an accident insurance
j policy held on the life of George Doug
| las Atcherly Crosbie.
While out rabbit-hunting in June,
1892. Crosbie was fatally shot, it is
supposed accidentally. A short time
afterward . a grandmother .of the de
ceased, who lives in England, put in a
claim for the amount of the policy, but
payment was refused. The claim was
later assigned to John Jenkins for the
purpose of bringing the action decid
ed yesterday. In the trial of. the case
the only support in proof that Crosbie's
death was accidental, and not suicidal,
were statements made by him on his
deathbed, such as, "I shot mypelf by
accident" and "The gun went off and
shot me." Judge Seawell held that the
burden of establishing the manner in
which Crosbie met his death rested on
i the side of the plaintiff, and as he had
failed in the attempt Judgment must
be given against him.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL,, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
GETTING THEIR
SUPPLIES READY
Many Alaska Parties Are Now
Outfitting in This
City.
Largo Companies In the East Have
Their Representatives
The Alaska trade committee has oti
Its register-book over 1000 names of
people who are going to the Klondike
in the spring from outside the city.
This list of names is open to all sub
scribers to the committee, and can be
had by applying at the bureau in the
ferry building.
Yesterday the number registered
was seventy, and in most instances
the persons who registered their
names were merely representative^of
larger parties which are already pre-
paring to go to Alaska. In addition to
this about twenty-five letters were
received containing inquiries about
transportation and the cost of outfits
in San Francisco. One large party in
South Dakota has written to the
Alaska trade committee saying that
it would come to the coast very
shortly, and preferred to outfit at San
Francisco, all things being equal.
An Eastern party wires that if It
can arrange to purchase 80,000 feet of
steamboat lumber here it will send a
party of sixty people to the city, all
of whom will purchase their com
plete outfit here. The telegram states
that they will need 100 tons of sup
plies and machinery, in addition to
the lumber.
Another organization of miners
wants to contract for 150 tons of
freight, F0 tons of coal and 50 passen
ger berths. These parties come from
the East, and at the present time are
making Chicago their headquarters.
They have already organized the
company, and are prepared to enter
the Yukon gold fields as soon as it is
possible to Bhlp their supplies.
The number of visitors at the ex
hibit rooms at the ferry building yes
terday far exceeded the record on any
day during the holidays. A great
many of those who have been inspect
ing the articles displayed are already
purchasing their outfits. Several of
the merchants who have subscribed
to the general fund of the Alaska
trade committee report that th^y are
beginning to feel the effects of the
liberal advertising whioh has been
done in behalf of San Francisco. The
demand for the special supplies which
enter into the outnt of every Alaska
miner is steadily increasing. And
trade in these lines is beginning to be
very active.
The bulletin board which gives the
dates of sailing and all information
relating to steamers running to
Alaskan ports is revised daily, and as
fast as word is received of the pro
posed departure of steamers for the
north it is posted on the blackboard
outside the committee's rooms. In ad
dition to the vessels which are enter
ing into this trade for the first time,
a full list is given of the regular lines
plying between San Francisco and
Dyea, Skaguay and r*opper River.
To Foreclose a Big Mortgage.
Wplls. Fargo & Co. yesterday fllod a
suit against James P. McCarthy et ■!,.
which Includes as defendants in the ac
tion many corporations. capitalists
lawyers and speculators, to forecl
mortgage of over J40.0(i0 on some of the
former Stanford lamls in San Francisco.
The action was IIWMHiji to pres.-rve the
legal rights of th<- mortgagee against the
statute of limitation, and is in the na
ture of a friendly suit.
& Sovereign Rerr>cdy.
Dr. Parker's Cough Cure— One dose will
etop a cough; never falls; price 25c* all
druggists. •
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTKU
J F Chappell. Vallejo A Musto, Ptorkton
H Rummelsberg. Sac L W Kulketh. Cal
F M anneld. Tlerkely S c Frill. Hollister
S Smith &w, Sacto W A Bennet, lone
A Bonnhelm. Sacto E .1 Brlscoe. S Jose
HT Barnes. Cal 5 C Houser. Stockton
J N Runyon.S Rafael 'J W Horn. Redding
H ?°?- < U,V akl^ n< ?, .. Pr A E Osborne & w.
T J Grtfnn, Oakland Eldrldge
A Larson, Oakland I> Eccle*. O»rden
U M sneers ncer & w, J Clark, Ogden
Oakland ... M rp M LanMn*. Mich
R J Runfen!>. Maine M|BS C Jamleson. N J
A Berdln . Ferndale A Lake Aw. N J
i.F T x yll an ' <>r ~ J w Mcßrlde & w,N' j
Miss L Sproul. Orovle () Sullivan N J
Miss Rodden. Oakdale P C Kj>ne, N J
Mlbs Osborne. Oakld Ij RMlller. Ilealdsbure
LICK HOUSE.
3 J Seymour. Fresno J G Ruddle Merced
W P Stovall. Williams \V X Draped. B Jos«
Mrs B White. Canyon F E Johnston, Napa
A Lonymlre, California 1. H Steams. Portld
M Levy & w. N York DC Ashley. Redwood
A D Gassaway. Cal J B Johnson, San Jo»«
H Taylor. California F B Chandler. Elmlra
I>r W C Merrlman. Or Mrs McDonald, S Jos«e
II EDuslnbery. Portld Hon I > E Knight & w
J A Sayward &f. B C Marysvllle
B Orth. Port i and T Br L P Hall, Sonora
S Allen. San Joso W A Robertson. Cal
G S oa f Atwater ■ J W Howell. Merced
M Bullock, Kureka
P.ALDWIN HOTEL.
H Louis, Stockton F M Ulechenden. N T
'' aml i- Los Gatos J McCudden&w, Vallei
(> Thumler&w, Chicago MJss Morrison, Cal
V Schwarz, Japan I 1I 1 H Gil let. n'y
k' JR. u y , & r- Denve A D Parham, L An
r Chlffelin. L Ang T>r Flynn, S Jose
F A Lyon, Sacto Mph Corey. S Jose .
A Jf'4>"ll. •>', v C O Kctchman, N T
P C Bush, Alameda Mlsb Manlove. Sacto
V M on N f^ no L Gonzales D W Hardine. Boston
h M .Noah, Ung ED Cone, Chlca B o
J S'vJhit I ;; Vy* - ? F TUton ' Sonom *
PALACE HOTEL.
Mrs Bucklnehatn, Cal A Wyman. Oakland
W A SprinKer. Boston Mrs Wyman. Oakland
A R Pike. 8t Lout. H C Nelson k" aSd
W Chalmers. Chicago A S Splew X T
0 J Bmlth. Nevada Miss . Sar*eant N V
Mrs Smith, Nevada Baron yon Schroeder
H H Hcnshaw. Cal . San Rafael '
H T Weeks, Chicago E H Belcher Boston
C N Post, Chicago H C Perkins N V
1 Ir 525 l Chlca g >^ F F Rod Kers'. Stanford
A H Buchanan, B C
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
E Bind. Placervlll« |B B Rawllns. R Vista
A Dowllng, Nevada | L Londeriran. Stktn
F Langdon. L An« W. Robertson j>lano
H E Springer. NY J W Martin, jSelano
J B Maxwell, Chicago IDr Flnnell. Sacto
C B FOF O8 V. Frwino Mr Q P n rsle r . Uklah
•J Pmlth. Llvermore .I A Beall. N V ln
P M Rowland S Jo«e O H Pace. Minn
Mrs J Joyc«. s>»icto Mrs Moore. Rlversld*
O n sto^t r on WVl * T S^'^- Ohio
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third street* open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES-627 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 8:30 o'clock.
iZ9 Hayes street; open until »:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:SO p. m.
015 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets
open untli 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until $ o'clock.
2518 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
ISOS Polk street; open until 8:80 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
0 SPECIAL. NOTICES.
NOTICE Is hereby given that^thTTSaria^ici^
, Orphanage, of £20 Lake St., San Francisco
Cn ;. has received the following orphans ana
half-ori-han girls from Sept. 30 to. Dec. 31
1597; Catherine "Gomas, aged ' 5 years 6
..months; Ella Gtmas, aged 3 years 1 month:
£earl Lavln. aged 12 yearn S months; Harriet
Frances Lee. aged 7 years;. Frances Follis
aged 7 years 5 months. .-. :.;■■: ■
MRS DR. FISH.. 101% Grant aye.. rm. 2; elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
ROOMS whitened from fl and papered 13 60 up.
Z3S Xhiru ' St.
JNO. HULTHEN. electro-magnetic ma-sage
treatments: alcohol baths.- 8 Mason 'st.
MRR STEWERT. genuine steam and . cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st.. room 11. •
BAD tenants ejected for $4: collections made;-
£A, y ?fr untr PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery Bt., room 6; tel. 6580.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Council No. 2. R. &S. m
M., will meet THIB (WEDNESDAY) _^_
EVENING. January 6, at 8 o'clock, forTTlf
business and degrees. By order of the '^r >
T. I. M. FRANKLIN H. DAY,
Recorder.
MOUNT Moriah Lodge. No. 44. FA A. m
M. Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _/%_
DAY EVENING, at 7:20 o'clock. IUT
THEO. FROLICH. Secretary. f^T>
EXCELSIOR Lodge No. 166. F. and A. •
M.-Stated meeting THIS (WEDNES- _JV_
1»AY) EVENING, January 5. at 7:30 JL/lt
• o'clock. /V>
THEO. E. SMITH. Secretary.
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139. F. and A. ■
M.— Stated meeting THIS WEDNES- -jP%_
DAY H. KORTRIEDE, Secretary. HZX
H. FORTUIEDE, Secretary. /^T^
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. &A. M. •
Officers and members are hereby no- _^\_
tlflftd to attend the funeral of GEO. 7sL3P
J. SMITH from the Masonic Temple. r^T v
. THURSDAY. January 6, at 2 o'clock p. m.
Brethren and friends are cordially Invited.
A. S. HL'BBARD, Secretary.
YERBA Buena Lodge No. 15, 1. O. .o^^^z^,
O. F. of fleers and members ar<» aSy*»jSe.
requested to assemble at the lodge -isSjJWa-Jf
room on THURSDAY, January - 'whw
6. at 1 p. ni.. to attend the tuneral of our
late brother, GEORGE J. SMITH. P. G.
A. D. CHESHIRE, N. O.
H. F. NEUNABER. Rec. Sec.
TERRA Buena Lodge No. 15. I. O. .^j.-Mt,-..
O. F. Installation of officers,
THURSDAY EVENING. January •J-S'JLJRJJr
6. at 8 o'clock. Visiting broth- -'-wn\N
en cordially Invited.
A. D. CHESHIRE, N. G.
H. F. NEUNABER. Rec. Sec.
THE regular meeting of the San Fran- fj!
Cisco Bricklayers' Association will be 111
held THIS (WEDNESDAY) EVEN- M.
ING. January 5, IS9B. at B. B. Hall, 4&/J
121 Eddy st., at 8 o'clock. A full at- /TTSL
tendance requested. Business of lm- lU
portance. . E. J. BRANDON, Pres. ™
THE quarterly meeting of Servian-
Montenegrin L. and B. Society, will jgWJt
be held THIS (WEDNESDAY) JgiC
EVENING, January 5. IViS, at 10 J9»
California street. All oftlcern and HAftM
members are earnestly requested to S> iUIC^I
attend. Installation of olllcers for JJPfgH
the year IS9B. Fines for non-attend- WSKgtff
ance will be strictly enforced. By
order of
JOHN GLAVINOVICH, President.
6PIRO S. VUSCOSAVLIEVK'H. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the Ban Fran-
cisco ladles' Protective and Relief Society
will be held at the "Home," Franklin street,
between Post and Geury, Thursday, January
13, 1898, at 2 p. m.
ALICE BROWN. Recording Secretary.
A MBETING of the stockholders of the Realty
Syndicate will be held at the offlce of the
corporation, 14 Sansome St., San Francisco.
Cal.. room 15. at 3 o'clock p. m. on THURS-
DAY, the 20th day of January, 18S8.
J. C. WINANS, Secretary.
ANNUAL MEETING — The regular annual
meeting of the stockholders of the Sum Dum
Chief Mining Company will be held at the
offlce of the company, room 3, In the Hobart
building, 532 Market St., San Francisco. Cal..
on FRIDAY, the 7th day of January, 1898.
at the hour of 2 o'clock p. m., for the pur-
pose of electing a board of director* to serve
during the ensuing year and the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting.
H. G. STEVENSON. Secretary.
OfSce— Room 3 In the Hobart building. 631
Market st., San Francisco. Cal.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Spring Valley Water Works will be held at
the office of the cumpany, No. 126 Stockton
et.. San Francisco, at 12 o'clock, noon, on
WEDNESDAY, the 12th day of January. 1898.
to elect trustees to serve for the ensuing
year, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
PELHAM W. AMES. Secretary.
TOCKHOLDEKS' MEETING— The annual
meeting of the stockholders of the California
Dry Dork Cotapaajr will be held at the offlce
of the company. No. 302 California ut., San
Francisco, on Monday. January 10, 1898, at 11
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to ferve for the ensuing
year, md for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
JAS. W. HART. Secretary.
Offlce— No. 302 California St.. room 3.
San Francisco, Dec. 27. 1897.
«9 HAVES— Branch offlce of The Call; nib-
ecrlptlons and want ads taken.
DIVIDEND NOTw.ts.
OFFICE of the Htberna Savings and Loan So-
ciety, corner Market. McAllister and Jonea
Fts., San Francisco, Dec-ember 2S. IR^7 —At a
re^u'iiT meeting of the board of dirpctors of
this so.iety. hel.l THIS DAT. a divi.l^nd has
been declared at the rate of three and three-
fourths iS s ** per cent p»r annum on all de-
posits for the six month.x ending December
31. 1597. free from all taxes, and payable on
and after January 1,
Iu'UKRT J tobi.v. Secretary
DIVIDEND N( 'TlCE— Security Savings Bank
222 Montgomery st.. Mills building— Dividends
on term deponlts at tne rate of f<vur (4) per
cent per annum and on ordin.iry deposits nt
the rate of three and one-thlri U 1-3) per
cent per annum, free of tax ?«i, for the half
year ending December 81, 1597. will be [jay-
able on and after January i, 139$
■ 3. L. ABBOT Jr.. Bv?r*tary
DIVIDEND Notice— Savings and Loan Society
101 Montgomery ptrvet, corner of Butter. The
Board of Directors declared a dividend for
the term ending December 31, 1597, at the rate
of four (4) per cent per annum on term de-
posits and three and one-third (3 1-3 per cent)
per annum on ordinary deposits, free of
taxes, and payable on and after Monday
January 3, IS9S.
CYRUS W. CARMANY, Cashier.
HI MBMLDT Savings and Loan Society. IS
Geary street— The directors have declared the
following semi-annual dlv.dends: 4.20 per
annum on terra and 3.60 per cent per an-
num on ordinary deposits, payable on and
after January 3, IS9B.
KRNEST BRAND, Secretary.
Dividend Notice— The German Savings and
Loan Boclety, E2fi California street: For the
half year ending December 31. 1897, a dividend
has rx?en declared at the rale of four and
twenty-six hundredths (4 26-100) per cent per
annum on term deposits, and three and fifty-
five hundredths (3 65-100) per cent per annum
or ordinary deposits, free of taxes, payable
on and after Monday. January 3. 1898.
GEO. TOURNY. Secretary.
The Continental Building and Loan Asso-
ciation of California, No. 222 Sansome st., has
declared for the year ending December 31, 1897,
a dividend of 6 per cent per annum on ordin-
ary deposits. 7 per cent on one year term de-
posits, 10 per cent to class "F" stock, and 12
per tent to class "A" st>-k.
I ft. ED E. HILL. President.
CAI'T. OLIVER ELDRIDGE.
WM. •"•ortßlN, Secretary. Vice President
DIVIDEND NOTlCE— Mutual Savings Bank of
San Franc lsco, 33 Post ft.- For the half-year
ending December 31. IW7. a dividend has been
declared at the rat; of four t4) per cent per
annum on term «ie|*ittts and three and on»-
thlrd (3 1-3) per ant per anrum on ordinary
deposits, free oi taxcj, payable on and arttr
Monday, January "., ISSS.
'ih:n::i;i: A. STORY. CanhiT
SITIATIOMS WANTED— FEMALE.
LADIES. If you want a competent servant
girl, please call at our office and be suited,
or telephone us your orders. C< R. HANSEN
& CO.. 108 Geary st.
NEAT competent nurse girl desires situation;
references; $16; city or country. MISS CUL-
LKN. m Sutter «t.
FIKST-CLASS German waitress and chamber-
maid desires situation; good seamstress; 2
years last plaoe; city or country. MISS
COMJBH. 825 Sutler st.
W>MAN with a. child desires situation at
housework; $10; references. MISS CULLEN,
$25 Sutter St.
COMPETENT young woman with 2 children
d<-^lres situation; good cook and laundress;
best references; country; wages no object.
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter st.
Al AMERICAN cook: best of references; de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
316 Sutter st.
FIKST-class dressmaker wishes work by th«
day at $1 50. Apply Hancock House, 781 Mls-
tkem nt.. room 12.
SITUATION by first-class housekeeper; good
references. Call 1023 Market st.
BY 2 Scandinavian girls, situations as cham-
bermaids; city references. 1023 Market st.
SITUATION as cashier or copyist by refined
young lady; references. 1023 Market «t.
AMERICAN woman wants place to do light
house work; good eteamstress; no objection to
children. Address 645 A Natomß st.
DRESSMAKER, perfect fitter, will make suits,
fancy waists and skirts; very reasonable. 329
Eiliß St.
YOUNG lady desires a position as housekeeper.
Call at 126 Fourth St., room 21, second floor.
EI.I>KRI,Y woman wishes a situation; city or
country: small wages; more for a gocd home.
170 Minna, near Fourth.
AN American woman, 2< years old. would llk«
a chance to mtlntaln herself; educated and
Intelligent. A'ldress Box 405. Call office.
SITUATION wanted to do chamberwork. and
seamstress; references. Box 401. Call office.
JAPANESE, faithful girl, wnnu housework:
my kind; room out. near the address. MISS
TAMURA. 653 Callfornfa St.. room 21.
STRONG young Swedish girl wants house-
work and help with children: some washing:
fair wages. Work. Box 399. Call office.
GOOD home wanted for girl 13 years old to as-
sist In housework for home and clothes: must
he responsible people. Call 407Vfc Harrison »t.
AMERICAN widow wants steady, pleasant
home with kind young or elderly couple:
cood cook and seamstress: best references;
$10 to $12 par month. Box 409, Call office.
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
YOUNG girl would like a place In oandy store
or bakery. Box 397, Call offlce.
NEAT Swedish girl would like second upstairs
work; not lees than $20. 1215^ Mission st.
TOUNG lady of refinement desires a place as
housekeeper, or will do plain mending. Room
t, MM Market st.
YOUNG German girl desires a place as house-
keeper. fall ll.sS Ellis »t . room 22.
YOUNG lady d-nires position as housekeeper.
Call room 2, 214 OFarrell st.
GERMAN woman wants situation to do up-
stairs work and sewing or light housework.
Call at 3033 Sixteenth St., bet. Mission and
Valencia.
SEAMSTRESS wishes to go In famllie»7o~««w!
_jS_cent» per day. 121 Shotwell. off 16th st.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wants situa-
tion to do general housework or housekeep-
ing; wages $12 to $15. 1331 Scott st., bet.
Ellis and O'Farrell.
TOUNG lady wishes a situation In a private
family for general housework or upstairs
girl. Address 431 Pine st.
TOUNG woman wishes position as housekeeper
for widower (with children), or seamstress
In family to assist with work; price moder-
ate. Call 3002 Eddy st.
GERMAN girl wishes a situation for cooking
or general housework. Apply at Hack-
meler's Hotel, room 18.
TOUNG lady, American, wants position to
cook In camp or small hotel. Call after 3
_p. m., 331^ Bush St.. room 3.
DRESSMAKER and seamstress, good fitter,
sews 50 cents a day or $2 50 a week. M. W..
box 410. Call office.
TOUNG woman would like to mw with dress-
_maker. Address 106 Eleventh st.
REFINED young girl would like to be oom-
panlon to a lady traveling. Address J. S.,
box 417, Call offlce.
"WOMAN with child of 6 would like position as
city or country. M 0 Bush st.
GERMAN lady; high-class dressmaker In all
branches; also good fitter; familiar with all
fine handiwork; $30; sleep home If deslrsd.
Dressmaker, 422 Poet st.
WANTED— Situation as lady's nurse by re-
spectable woman, first-class references, by
the day or week. Address 604H Leaven-
worth st.
PROFESSIONAL nurse would like a few mon
engagements: $12 per week; flrst-class refer-
ences. Address Nurse, box S7l. Call offlce.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker wishes a few
more engagements; price moderate. Address
_J065 Market st., room 19, or 123 Turk at.
TOUNG lady would like a housekeeper's place;
no objection to the country. Call 128 Fourth
room 23, 2d floor.
TOUNG woman wishes position as second girl
or general housework. Address 2103 Powell
■t., corner Chestnut.
TOUNG lady wants a steady place as house-
keeper; no objection to the country. 821 Mis-
sion st.. room 6.
TOUNG woman wishes a situation as house-
keeper: city or country. Call 118 Sixth St.,
room 62.
WANTED— By an experienced girl, second-
work, or will do general housework. 217
Polk st.
WANTED— A situation by an experienced
nurse and housekeeper. Apply 1163 Market.
YOUNG woman wants a situation aa talloress.
Addrtss Winchester House, 44 Third, room 79.
TOUNG woman desires a place aa house-
_keeper. Call 1104 Mission, near 7th. room 10.
TOUNG German lady desires position aa
housekeeper. 112 Taylor St.. room 7.
YOUNG Danish girl, just arrived, wishes a
place In a small American family. Please
call 213 Sixth aye.. bet. California and Cle-
ment sts.
SITUATION by a young woman to do light
housework: will work for small wages; ob-
ject a good home. Box 353. Call offlce.
GIRL wishes position to do general house-
work. 613 Turk Ft.
GBRIfAN woman wishes washing and clean-
ing; $1 per day and car fare. Address box
888. Call offlce.
Wi 'MAN wants work by the day. Apply 114
Hayee at.
TOUNG woman wishes working housekeeper's
position or do plain mending. 131 Fourth St.,
r m 1.
Mi iNKY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
e-iry; km Interest. Unc-le Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SCANDINAVIAN Widow (young), with two
small children, desires situation in small
family; nominal pay only if good home; refer-
ence tfiv>-n. Box 368, Call office.
SPANISH lady wants work In family; house-
work; Is good cook; wages $20. Address 1772
Howard Bt.
RECENTLY from the East, young lady, good
appearance, uninoumbered, wants a position
aa cashier In hotel; city or country; good
I-r.man. Box 840, Call offlce.
YOUNG lady typewriter would like a steady
place; city or country. 207 Post st., room 9.
YOUNG lady copyist wants a place. 101?*
Grant aye., room 16.
TOUNG lady would like a place aa house-
keeper: willing to go to the Klondike In the
spring. 12>Hi Geary st., room 2.
MISS VIOLA MARTIN. Job typewriting. 118*
Ellis St., rooms 3 and 4.
TOUNG lady desires a permanent place as
housekeeper; speaks German. Spanish and
French languages. 11l Geary St., room 2.
TOUNG Easern woman of experience wants
a place as housekeeper. Call 223 Post. rm. 11.
BT refined Invalid's nurse, mental or nervous
case; male or temale: flrst-class references
B"x "lfi. ''an offlre.
COMPETENT seamstress wants position; best
of references; terms moderate. 2SB Delong
avenue.
1«7 NINTH St.— Branch offlce of The Call;
subscriptions and want ads taken.
TOUNG girl desires position as typewriter or
_ bookkeeper. 131 Taylor ?t.. room ».
SITUATIONS WANTED— MALe!
EMPLOYERS wanting to hire help for any
kind of work can be suited immediately by
calling at our office; wire, phone or write us
your orders. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108
Geary st.
CHINESE and Japanese; estab. 20 years; help-
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY A CO.. 640 Clay st!
JAPANESE employment offlce; work day hour
or evening. 122^ OFarrell st. ; tel. Davis 606.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office
Best help. SO Geary st. Tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO.. Chinese and Japanese em p.
offlce. 614V4 California St.; tel. Main 231.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office-
best help. 414',» O'Farrell. Tel E. 436.
ANY Individual or corporation who may deslr*
an agent or representative In any lawful
enterprise In the Alaska gold fields, and who
has courage, ability and capacity to stand the
prevailing conditions In that territory, and
who wish to get there soon as practicable.
Any one needing such man should address A.
BERGMAN, General Delivery, city.
MIDDLE-AGED German farmer wishes situa-
tion; understands gardening, care of horses
and milking; long experience in raising poul-
try. Address C. S., Reno House, 631 Sacra-
mento st.
GENTLEMAN with 15 years 1 experience in
furniture, carpets and decorative business
would like a chance with some good house-
no salary to start with; best reference. Ad-
dress box 411. Call office.
SITUATION wan.-cd by a sober. Industrious
young man to <trlve wagon or do porter work
In a wholesale house; best of city references
Address box 406. Call office.
EXPERIENCED steward. with first-class
Eastern references, would like position In
club or gentleman's yacht. Address J. A. J
Hotel Pinole, Pinole, Cal.
MAN and wife desire a situation on ranch-
thoroughly experienced. Address for four
days. F. BARRETT, 924 Howard st.
WANTED— Situation as porter or waiter by
an Englishman; best of references. Address
H. GAYLER, JB3 Thirteenth st.
JAPANESE wishes to work In saloon or do
night work without room; speaks good Eng-
lish. MASURAO. 408 A Post St.
SITUATION wanted by a good plain cook In
small hotel or private boarding-house. Ad-
dress box 407. Call office.
MAN and wife on ranch; man good hand with
horses, machinery- etc. Call or address C
W., «40 Howard St., room 24.
YOUNG man for steady work. MAX JOTZ
1470 San Bruno road.
STEADY young man 20 years of age would like
work; 8 years In last place. Call or address
2486 Post st.
YOUNG man of sober habits (an Odd Fellow)
must have work of some kind; wages no ob-
ject; understands the care of horses Box
398. Call office.
CHINESE boy. first-class cook, with first-class
references, d-sirps a place; city or country
Address 1024 Kearny st.
GOOD housepainter will do any kind of work
for board, lodging and small wages Address
A. MILLER. S2l Ellis st.
WANTED— By an experienced man. position
aa second cook. F. C. Box 413. Call office.
A \il' ■ rou " d machinist; first-class references.
W G. H., Box 414. Call office
FIRST-CLASS paoerhanger and painter, hav-
ing a complete outfit of ropes, etc., wants
work. 1302 Webster st.
BY young man acquainted with city delivery
wagon. A. T.. Box 415, Call of flea.
BITIAI >\S \\ XTED- Coutinneil.
WANTED— Situation as coachman, gardensr or
any position requiring Industry and faithful
service. Address J. § 807 Washington St.,
Oakland.
LAUNDRTMAN, capable running shirt ma-
chine, starching or washing, desires posi-
tion in laundry; city or country; good icier-
encee. Apply 1414»j Washington st.
POSITION by a thoroughly competent book-
keeper and accountant; can give bank and
commercial references and furnish bond If
desired. Box 175, Call office.
COLLEGE graduate desires few pupils to
teach in private families; English in all
branches, mathematics, etc. ; terms reason-
able; hours to suit pupils. Address Teacher.
:.i Pacific st.
JAPANESE, good cook. wants position In
Private family; city. S. NAKAHARA, IS.OS
oik st.
BARBER, young man of steady habits, wishes
situation; stranger In the city. Address It.
A. M., Call branch office. 533 Hayes st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GERMAN gardener, with best references,
wishes position in private place: 15 years'
practical experience in landscape and orna-
mental gardening. F. HUG. 431 Pine »t-
YOUNG Swedish man desires a situation as
coachman or will take c*re of horses. 1220}*
Webster st.
Y/t ifXii ilerman il<"?!rex a place :;s dhhwulm
in restaurant, coffee saloon or hotel. Pleasa
call 317 Second st.
JAPANESE boy wants a situation as school-
boy. ITO, 22 Prospect place.
TOUNO Japanese boy wishes position to do
housework and go to school in city. Ad-
dress E. FUKUCH. 1808 Polk st.
WANTED— Collecting on commission by young
man; best city references and bond. Ad-
dress J. E. PLANK. 7T7 Market st.
JAPANESE boy desires a situation to do gen-
eral housework and cooking. J. ABE. Oak-
land, care Japanese Mission. __
SITUATION In any clerical capacity; salary
not considered: references of a high stand-
ard. AOdress Box 337, Call office.
TOUNO man with Eastern college education
desires business or office position In respon-
sible- firm with chance for advancement. Box
831, Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms. 26c to $1 50 per night:
$1 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respect-
able: free bu* and baggage to and from ferry.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
4 GERMAN girls, housework. $25, city; Ger-
man nurseglrl, $15; 10 young girls to assist.
$10. $12; 12 girls, housework. $20, $15: girl,
housework, Berkeley. $25: Modesto, $20; Hol-
Ileter. $lf.. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary.
HEAD waitress, country hotel, $30: hotel wait-
resses for Fresno, Hanford, Stockton, Sacra-
mento. Menlo Park, Santa Crur and ctty, $20;
waitresses and chamberwork, city, $20 and
$15; chambermaid, city hotel, $IS, see party
here. 9 a. m.; restaurant waitress. $5 a week.
C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
REFINED nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
COOK, American family of 2, $80. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter St.
COOK, small boarding-house, $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
LIGHT chamberwork, private family, $15
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
YOUNG girl, country, lisrht work. $15; call
early. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
RANCH cook. $20 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Alameda. $20; San Jose,
$20; Oakland, $30; 16 housework girls, city
and country, $20 and $25; 6 young girls, as-
sist. $10 to $15. MISS CULLEX, 325 Sutter.
YOUNG girl as assistant nurse, $10. MISS
CULLEX, 325 Sutter st.
HufSEWORK girl. 2 In family, $25. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
2 SECOND girls, $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN
325 Sutter st.
NEAT second girl, $16. sleep home. MISS
CULLEX. 325 Sutter St.
COOK, $30. MISS CULLEN, 825 Butt r st.
REFINED second girl, light work, country.
$10. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
COOK and laundress, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
GIRL as companion and light housework. $15.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT, refined nurse, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
GERMAN nurse, child 4 years old, $20. MISS
CULLEN. 323 Sutter St.
4 GIRLS or women, assist in kitchenwork.
etc.. $15 and room; 2 girls, small boarding-
house. $25 and room, easy place; 3 chamber-
maids, $15 and room: 10 waitresses, $5 a
week; German chambermaid, $20 and room; 3
waitresses. $5 a week and room; 1 chamber-
maid and 2 waitresses, same hotel. $20 and
room each; also waitress, nurse's hall; 5
waitresses. $1S and room; chambermaid and
1 waitress, same house, $15 and room each;
lunch and dinner waitress, $20; 4 hotel cooks,
$20 to $30 and room; 7 waitresses, $20 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
HOUSEKEEPER, $20; see party 9 to 12 a.
m. MARTIN & CO.. 749 Market st.
10 NEAT girls from 18 to 30 years of
age for general housework, small Amer-
ican families, $15 to $20; Protestant
woman, general housework on a ranch $IS-
waitresses, country hotels. $20. MURRAY &
READY, Leading Employment Agents 634
and 636 Clay st.
NEAT girl, general housework, small Amer-
ican family, city. $15 to $20; nice place; call
early. MURRAY & READY, Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st
FOI'R cocks In German families, $25: colored
cook, small American family. $25; 2 Protest-
ant second girls, $20; second girl and laun-
dress. $2.": 2 German and Protestant nurses
$20 and $25; 5 waitresses, hotels and restaur-
ants. $2<i; ironer in laundry; and a great
many glils for cooking and housework in city
and country. J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 316
Butter st.
HOUSEGIRL and nursegirl, Mare Island. $20
S Swedish houseglrle, city, $25: cook, $25; sec-
ond girl. $25: nurse, $20; Irish housegirl $20-
young nursegirl. $10; cook and second girl'
same house. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st '
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, 417 Powell st.
IN B r E A RT T '4 S 17 n p^weir a s?. JOBe - MRB:
4 WAITRESSES, country hotel. $20, fare ad-
vanced. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
WANTED— nurse girl for the care of chil-
. dren. Apply between 9 and 12, northeast cor-
ner Broderlck and * Clay ■ sts.
GIRL for general housework; 2 In family
wages $10. Apply between 10 and 12 a. m'
at 210 Douglas st.
WANTED — A wetnurse. Call at DR. Mc-
NUTT'S office, McNutt building, from 1 to
4 p. m.
GERMAN or Swedish girl for general house-
. work: $16. Call 23 . Vandewater st., between
Powell and Mason.
YOUNG girl to take care of children and as-
slst In upstairs work. , SO6 Hayes st,
T Sgr&gAre bOUSeWOrk: B, nTa^yT
GIRL for general housework. 10 Liberty st
between .Twentieth and Twenty-first sts.
WANTED— Experienced sklrtmakers. DAVID-
SON & MILLER. 781 Market st. XJAVI D .
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
L?s : nfaV r p|ge. Preferred CaU ' ** B roderlck
SLAVONIAN girl, good cook, wishes position
as cook or to do housework. 423 Second "t.
WANTED-Young girl to take care of child 4
years old. Call Before noon at 2303 Buchanan
V^ AN * TEI 2r airl to assist in hous«w^rk
Golden Gate aye., upstairs. '
WANTED-Girl for general housework- Ger-
man preferred. . 1700 Geary st. ..
GIRL wanted for light" housework and attend
Ing store In bakery. 715 Polk.st. a «*na-
GIRL for light housework and plain tonkin- r
wages $10. Turk st. P cooking;.
WANTED — German girl or vmina- __ n ~-
housework: sleep home. 850 Clementina™?
GIRL. 14 to 16, to care for bahv bJ^i. s
Invalid; |4 per week. ; U3g pgg a t " d coolc tor
.WANTED-Glrt to do general housework and
plain cooking; wages ns. 1207 Turk stf
W stree?f SS W&nte<l - »««ur«t 631 . Clay
LADY with some : bu«lness experience in n»w
.and Important business; call from 11 VJ, V T
m. Tuesday. Room 19,' Chronl™" building.^
■. Fair diploma; paUe^^u^^yjg^l 08 ■
: BUth'rt:* enep^'- hWMewOrlt -* lld cooing. 11
: Y bS? °t. Rlrl t0 asslst - WageB no. UO2 Fil-
G ?W Fourt 8 h e rt.y ante<l ° n **™*' stead y work.
S^ni^ 1 for : * enera < ~^r,
N S^Sanch;, a «<° uTl6 ars: U ht housework.
Dig sanche^ st.. near Twenty-second.
T a? o cffi rt f^^w^r > x and •«*"
HELP "WANTED— Continued.
MONEY loaned on watches, , diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 .Grant ay.
DR. WISE the ladies specialist. HIS Market
st. monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient. , .
IwT OPERATORS on steam sewing machines,
to make Levi Strauss & Co-s ''y'.fe' 1 . cloth-
ing. Apply at once „to MR. . DAVIb, Super-
intendent, 32% Fremont st.
LOT of uncalled-lor sho*s from 25c up to $1 25.
662 Mission st.. bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes. soTeing. 35c; men's shoes, sole-
Ing. 50c. ; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 563 Mission St.. bet. Ist and 2d. i
OPERATORS on flannel overshlrts and under-
wear; inexperienced hands taken and taught.
Levi Strauss & Co.. 321 V& Fremont st.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cuttins School. 1079 Mar-
ker st.; a perfect fit guaranteed without trj-
Ing on: call ami b© convinced. .___^^^^^^^^^^^^m
MALE HELP WAITED.
WAITER, - country hotel, $30, fare 50c; waiter,
hotel, Bouth. $25. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
108 Geary st. - '
SECOND cook, hotel, $50; night cook;, short-
order cook; baker, $3"; baker, Santa Bar-
bara, fare advanced; baker's helper, $25. C
R. HANSEN & CO., IPS Geary st.
12 COAL miners by the ton; steady work. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., IPS Geary st.
10 LABORERS for a sawmill; no "experience
necessary. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary.
COOK and wife, country hotel, $45 and found;
3 cooks, $35, $45 and $25; 3 waiters, $25, $20
and $15; ironer, St. Clair machine, 535 and
found; clerk for a saddlery store; baker for
a hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634 and 638
Clay St., Leading Employment- Agents.. Tel.
Main SS4S. __________
40 WOODCHOPPERS, $1 cord: 10 pruners for
different places: 4 teamsters; 3 choreboys.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st. \
WANTED— more laborers for mill, go to-
aay, see boss in city, $1 day and board; so-
. llcltors; 5 coal miners by ton; second cook,
restaurant, $45. Apply to J. F. CROSETT _
CO.. e2B Sacramento st. _
WANTED— Fashionable tailor's salesman. Ap-
ply to J. F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacra-
mento st. ; ; .--
TO go to-day, 15 laborers for irrigation dltoh.
$26 and board; 2 vineyard hands, $20; farm
hand, $l. r >; gardener for Nevada; butcher and
slaughterer for Nevada, . $35 . and found; ti«
. and post makers, piece work. . R. T. WARD
. & CO., 608 and 610 Clay et.
WANTED— cook for nice country place, *"«
$40; second cook, country restaurant, $35; >
cook, private family, $30: butler, $40; Indoor
servant, $20; Frenchman for indoor work, $20;
2 waiters, ?30; driver delivery wagon, $50.
ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton St..
WANTED — German farmer and wife for nlc»
private ranch in Santa Cruz County; $40 per
month; Al place; also farmers, milkers,
cooks, waiters, etc. : choreman, $20. W. D.
EWER & CO., 626 Clay st.
GEORGE ABELL, dishwasher, please call.
Henry Maier Baker please call. MARTIN 1
& CO.. 749 Market.
MAN for nursery work. $20 per month. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market.
FRENCH cook, $30 and room; second cook, $30
and room; lunch cook, $20 and room; restaur-
ant cook, $9 a week; cake baker, $45. MAR-
TIN & CO.. 749 Market.
BUTLER, $45 to $50. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
PHIKT-IRONER for steam laundry, country,
$30, board. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny.
WANTED— Young man with $100 to take half
interest in good paying saloon: too much
work for one; will pay $15 per week to each)
stock, fixtures, etc., in full value. Call 1033
Folsom St., The Columbia.
EXPERIENCED operator on rapid heel trim-
mer and metallic fastener. CAHN, NICK-
ELSBURG & CO.
WANTED — An experienced valet, who aIBO un-
derstands a butler's duties. Address, glvins
recommendations, box 402, Call office.
CANVASSER— Good job to right man. East-
ern Oil Company. 1190 Mission St.
SCANDINAVIAN boy to work in coal yard;
must be honest. 1327 Mission st.
WANTED— Mate with German papers. Apply
30 Clay st. for 3 days.
RESPONSIBLE party will give situation for
lean of $150, on security. B. E., box 412.
Call office.
i GENTLEMAN to. travel for Chicago firm; $75
month and expenses. 368 Geary st., room 1.
DISHWASHER wanted at Reidy's Hotel, 1604
Kentucky st., Potrero.
PRACTICAL gardener who has had experience
in nursery business. 340 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER wanted at 626 Sacramento" st.
WANTED — A short order cook at 427 Larkin.
| __
j BARBER wanted, 14S Fifth; steady job.
FURNITURE renovated, polished and - re-
palred at residences or hotels: low charges.
Address 6 Redwood court, Howard & Tenth.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to get bottle beer
, or wine, sc; best free lunch. 643 Clay st.
HORSESHOEING shop for sale; your own
price, account sickness; new tools; good
stock. 642 Green st.
BARBER shop for sale; 8 chairs. 779 Market.
ROSEDALE House. 321 Roome 25c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
GOOD live agents, either sex, for accident and
sick benefit insurance; new plan; 9 to 11 a.
m. Internationa! Indemnity Co., 401 Califor-
nia at., room 21.
WANTED— An experienced clothing buyer for
retail house: state age, where employed for
past five years, salary expected and refer-
ences; no application will be considered un-
less. all of the foregoing information is fully
given. Address Box 336. Call office.
2000 pairs shoes— Another lot of men's shoes'
been slightly damaged: at less than one^
fourth their value; from 25c to -$2 50 6C3
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
| W ANTED— At Montana House, 704% Mission'
men to take rooms; 10c, 16c and 25c Der
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
W H » ES ER House. 44 Third st., near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c a night; reading-room:
tree bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
BARBERS, shop in country for sale; owner
retiring: must be sold; good value, $200
DECKELMAN BROS.. 106 Ellis St. v '
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANES. 504 Davis st.. near Jackson. •
MEN'S solelng, 60c: -adles'. 40c: while yoa
wait. 638 Market; branch, . 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
flce. B. FUCHS, Sec.. 325 Grant aye.
4 MARKET Branch office of The Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weekm. 3.
F. Barber College, lSS^j Eighth.
616 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken. .. ,ij>-»>
SINGLE rooms 10c and 16c night, 75c and {1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
ELCHO House. 863^. Market st.— Rooms 20c..
26c to EOc night; $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS. 15c to 75c per night; 500 to $160 per
week. Oriental, 225 Drumm st.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
i TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a nlcht; $1 a week.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 large
rooms: 25c per night: $1 to $3 per week.
AGEXTS WANTED.;
SALESMEN wanted to sell by sample- at
wholesale and retail goods sold on sight;
■ salary or commission. Address .Centennial
Manfg. Co.. 496 Eighth aye.. New York City.
AGENTS for Apollo gas" lights.- 139 Ellis 6t.
PARTNERS WASTED. ~~~~~~
PARTNER in produce commission business
sma.ll amount capital; security on money In-
vested. Box 400, Call office. -. ,>- •
BOARDING WANTED.
LESSONS given by violinist In payment for
room and board: references. Box 327, ■ Call.
W A.\ MISCELLANEOUS..
WANTED— A second-hand windmill and
37 Cotter St.. . Mission road. , «"«».
WANTED— By a mining company, to buy of
charter a vessel of 60 to 125 tons . for 6 or I
months, suitable for trip to Copper River
Alaska; also a.. small steam or , gasoline
launch. Address, giving description and
. price. : A. W. BRYANT. Santa Cruz. Cal.
WANTED— IO-horsepower '.upright . engine; B ec^
ond hand. CAL. ELEC. WORKS, . 409 Markt.
.AV ANTED— exchange some., books for a
arge modern trunk;, have also '97 Crescent
worth st Cl / Or . Sale ° r trade - "*> LeaveS!
ON furniture, pianos: no removal; lowest r»t .
. no com.. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City Hall^re!
MACHINERY., beIting, pipe, scales tools' ' '
bought and J.Llv-lngston: Mission' ■
SECOND-HAND :. clothing, dresses - sealskins
wanted; best prices; send postal
PAWNBKOKER-Old gold, silver cast-off"nrsixEss CHAXCES.
2500— RAREST chance; corner saloon in very '
best location In city; established many I
years; clearing above $250 per mo.; leaae: !
large stock; the very beet class of customers. i
Particulars, WILKE, 753 Market at. /
306— SALOON on Sixth St.; doing good-paying I
business: rent only $15; muet be sacrificed;
owner going < q his ranch. Particulars
WILKE. 753 Market st. . ■
— OLD and first-class paying saloon; close
to Baldwin Hotel; best clan* of custom; net
rent $60; a fine business opening. Inquire
WILKE, 753 Market st.
\.N old-eatabllshed and first-class, paying
corner butcher shop, in very be»t location
of the Western Addition; horses and wagons;
must be rlflced. as owner has to leave the '
city at once. WILKE. 753 Market St.
\N SSOO restaurant and chophouse: choicest
" down-town location; patronized by brokers
and bankers; a flm-class, paying place; no
Sunday or night work; a rara chance. See
WILKE, 753 Market .-n. __ .
■IiRAXI'KST bargain ever offered; rare
opportunity for two or more men; brewery in
" good country town, running full capacity: ;
part ca*h will secure it; ready sale for all
products; fine brick and frame buildings:
' water power free. Detailed Information will
be furnished those meaning business by M.
LESS. 7C5 Market bI *
DABLE & ROSS, 114S Market St.
Express business. good stand and trade.. $150
Carriage factory; line trade; long i^ase;
low rent; central location: full value;
snap $500
Harness and carriage trimmer; bargain.... 175
Real estate, law and collection office; a
.snap '. 200
We sell all kinds of bttsiness for ca«h.
Carpenter shop; established 13 years;
everything complete; fine location; large real
estate owner's -.york: mm»r worth price
: asked. DABLE & ROSS. L_ Market st.
$150— Shooting gallery; complete, >wy outfit;
' good bustnes*. DABLE & ROSS, 114S Market.
TO sell your business for cash, apply HEALY
• & CO.. 917 Market.
JS7S-2-CORNER liquor saloon; best bk>ck of
Market; doing business clearing $100 monthly;
Investigate. HEALY; 117 Market.
BRANCH bakery, candy, notions.' etc. •
living rooms. HEALY & CO.. 917 Market.
NOTICE— STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny Bt.. will
sell your business quick for ca.sh.
Look at our bargains:— Corner saloon $350
•M ood and coal yard $650 -Liquor store 1100
Coffee lunch parlor. 32.'. Grocery and bar.. 325
Branch baky, rms 125 Cigar store, snap.. 200
■•■To buy or sell see STRAND & CO., 23 Kearny.
HOTEL cigar stand; well paying.
.„ $760— Saloon, best location In city.
■'. $500— Corner grocery and bar; Western Addi-
tion.
'■ $360— oil route; well established.
. — Bakery and delicacy store; a bargain;
and other good bargains at
ANDERSON & WIKN. 777 Market st.
HOME bakery, delicacy Ftore; north Mar-
' k*t; central; monthly receipts $250; value In
stock; fixtures. BASILE. 8734 Market st.
$250 — COUNTY newspaper for sale; rare
• chance. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
ARMSTRONG & ALLISON, S6SH Market St.,
buy, sell, exchange all kinds business. We
j have bargains In lodging ! houses, saloons,
grocery and bar, restaurants, branch ba-
: keries, etc. If you want business see us.
$2500— BARGAIN ; first-class grocery and bar
' : business, commanding No. 1 trade; choice
corner -location; low rent, with lease; new
"fixtures; fresh line of groceries; splendid op-
. portunity for family wine trade; this will
warrant closest investigation; principals
only will be dealt with; must be sold. Apply
. 410 Montgomery St., room 2.
•WANTED— $1500 will buy the best business for
making money in city in beist location; lady
;' or gentleman: Investigate: mornings before
10 o'clock 714 Market St., opposite Call bldg.
JSOO— OLD established saloon and lunch house,
on principal street; good business; fine chance
.• for man and wife; part cash, part long time.
. Particulars 43Vi Third St., barber shop.
FRENCH liquor store, account of death; for-
• ■ merly kept by A. C Payres, southeast corner
. Valencia and Thirteenth sts.
BAKERY and restaurant, doing good business;
fine location; good reason for selling; no busi-
;." ness with agents. Box 418, Call office.
'RESTAURANT in center of business; estab-
lished 8 years; must be sold account of slck-
• ness. 641 Mission st.
DRUG store for sale; whole or one-half Inter-
est. Address Box 404, Call office.
WANTED — Partner In saloon business; good
: chance. G. BERNEGG, 617 Sacrajnento st.
GROCERY and saloon; first-class fixtures; full
stock. Inquire Owner, Call office.
AN old hotel man wants a partner with some
. means to go into a fine hotel, all furnished.
In the largest city In the Northwest: ex-
perience not necessary. Address "Hotel, '
Call office. Oakland.
FOR SALE — Stationery store with housekeep-
ing rooms, with or without furniture. 1613
Polk at.
FOR Horseshoeing business In good lo-
cality: first-class opportunity for a good
man. Address Box 873, Call.
— OLl> established cigar stand; stock worth
the money; must be sold on account of sick-
ness. 139 East Et.
CIGAR stand, cheap: good businesß locality.
For particulars apply 204 East st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
NEWS and stationery store — Good business;
■ low rent; must sell at once; death cause of
'. sale; investigate. 101^ Fifth st.
FOR sale — On. account of sicltaess barber shop;
. 2 chairs. 1026 Hyde gt.
' $17." — Old-established saloon; . good location;'
/ cheap rent; bargain. 805 Howard st.
GOOD paying saloon; No. 1 location. 506 Clay
. '■ st.
WANTED— Partner In a good restaurant: one I
.•' with experience preferred. Apply 331 Bay st. |
DOWNTOWN notion-store, located in the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
"' long lease at low rent; price $5000; principals
"'.■ only: good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly |
. Call, gent to any address in the United j
■ States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
'. free.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St., Portland, Oregon.
PARTNER wanted with $3000 In shipping and
■ commission. 217 Sansome st, rra. 6. 11 to 6.
'SALOON, corner Third and Brannan; good
•' bargain; no agents. W. H. PAYNE.
128 — Store to let corner Oak and Franklin, sult-
•• able for any business. IS Grant aye.
■COFFEE and tea routes eupplied from CAS-
;. ' WELL & CO.'S, 415 Sacramento st
tOO BUSINESS cards printed $1; 25 visiting
■ cards. 25c. HILL. 72*4. Market st
'. $200— Saloon for sale; low rent; doing good
' business. Apply 235 Third st.
• 2C26- MlSSlON— Subscriptions and want ads
t aken for The Call.
.'SALOON and 9 rurnished rooms; price $250. ;
.'•520 Pacific st:
V LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
27-ROOM house north of Market $350
••108-room hotel, only 6500
■■"20-room house on Ninth st 900
•. 8-room house on Mission; clears $20 500 ;
•1.6-foomsj on Market; part offW.s tSt i
*20-room house; must sell 750 j
' .25-room roomlngr-house; payments ; 1500
14 rooms. Market st. (transient), paym'ts gift
:•' 14 "rooms on Golden Gate, rent $40 «00
iB-room house, all rented, clears $75 SO)
■•.12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
'< ■' H. .C. DECKER. 1020 Market st, opp. Fifth.
. 10 ROOMS, brand new, only $425
■..IS rooms Van Ness; part cash 600
••15 rooms; new; clears $78 800
■23 rooms; corner; money maker 800
24 rooms and bar; sacrifice.... 400
21 rooms; rent. $65; Ellis Bt 6&0
32 r«-.ms; good speculation ' 700
80 rooms; rent, $76: payments 1200
• WINSTON A- CO.. 646 Market st
TO buy or sell your lodging house quick for
cawh see STRAND. 23 Kearny st.
I*OR — Coso IIous«: oldest and best known
kwlglnt" house on Pacific- Coast; 115 rooms;
rents very low; will Mil at a very reasonable
• price; reason for selling— wish to retire from
business. Apply at office (jf Coso House.
• 411 Sansome St.; no- agents. . ■
" ROOMING house of S rooms; nil rented; furni-
o ture for sai» at a bargain; rent $20. 1139
Howard st., near Seventh.
14 ROOM house; good location; near Market St.;
.. offer wanted; In payments. . Address Box 30S,
■ . C*H- offlc *-'-' ; ' - > '■'■-■"■ J-:-"--"-':--
•" 105 GROVE- Furnished house of 7 rooms for
\ sale cheap. . . .■ .-
14 FURNISHED rooms; good paying tenants;
must sell. 821 Mission st.
ON account of sickness— l 9 rooms, all rented;
clears $40; rent $33: $220. 48 Seventh st.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
NEW furniture. 5-room flat; a bargain: flat to
It; best location In city, Box 416, Call office.
FURNITURE of 6-room house, used 8 months,
; will be sold at a bargain. Address box 3S>,
• 'all office. -- .■..■■--■■
'■"-.. '' FURNITURE WASTED.
• WANTED— Furnished flat or house; cheap for
• cash. ■Y. V.. box 35. Call office.
. HIGHEST prices to nl! new building. 840 Mis-
• / slon ft; tel. Mint 1821.
= .INDIANA Auction Co: Removed to 19 Mont-
•' «ornery st. ; hljrhest prices paid. Tel. Davis 71.
••" ■ '■ '■■■-■ - '. ■ • / '
HOUSES TO - LET.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
bo. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off oanily you can get best term* of Amer-
loan Investors* Co., II Montgomery st.
709 SUTTER, near Taylor— office and reil-
dence; » rooms; very choice; • Investigate.
ALL, OVER TOWy. -
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWF.M., 10 Montgomery. _____«
COTTAGES TO LET.
A GOOD etart for IRSS; month free; nice
_ cottages. Hats, $10 up. Speck & Co.. 602 Mitt.
BUNNY cottage of 4 or 6 room*, bath, base-
ment. Fifteenth and Dolores sts.
$7, JS and $!> cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply 945 Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery »t. ■
FLATS TO LET.
LOWER modern 4-roomed flats HO
Upper ■. modern 4-roomed flats «
Upper modern 5-rooraed flats H
„ San Jcse aye. . between 25th and 26th sts.
J. F. PLUM BE. Agent. 1402 Valencia st.
403S EIGHTEENTH ST.— 1402 Valencia bath,
EIGHTEENTH ST.— i mom! ami bath,
etore and stable; rent $16. 304 Lily ave.—t
rooms 'and bath; rent $IJ. Owner, 111 an
Ness aye. __
UPPER flat. 4 choice sunny rooms; $IJ. 112! A
Broadway, near Leavenworth. _
'MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St.. nr.
Polk. SPECK CO., 602 Market St.
WANTBD^Sman family to take part of flat.
C. box 14, Call offlce.
F.:.i;i;ai\T flat. 7 rooms; all modern Improve-
ments. 727 McAllister 6t.
3441 20th. near Capp— 7 room flat: bath; attic;
•■'.ent; modern; $25.
ALL OVER TOWN— ■ 't T _ ' T ' — -
Y-Mi see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery »t.
167 NINTH st.— Branch offlce of The Call; «üb-
scriptions and want ads taken.
~~ HOISKKEEriNU ROOMS.
614 CAPP— 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished for
housekeepi ng^
814 FIFTH I sunny front housekeeping rooms;
stove, closet, bath; private; $10. . *
7 FRANKLIN— 2 large rooms furnished for
• ■Ke.-j.ing-; rent $10. ■ 
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
1:> ; low interest. I'ncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
202 GROVE, corner Van Ness— Sunny unfur-
ri!»hed 3-room suits, with gas stove.
£23 HOWARD— A large front room; complete
for housekeeping; reasonable.
2452 MARKET— 2 sunny housekeeping
rooms; grate; large closets.
28 MlNNA— Single and housekeeping rooms.
75c and $1 per week.
546 MlNNA— Furnished rooms for housekeep-
lng; large yard. .
2M MINNA, cor. Fourth— Front sunny house-
keeping; double and single; cheap.
1114 MlNNA— Large furnished front bay-
window housekeeping room: cheap.
im MISSION— NewIy furnished sunny house-
keeping rooms. ;
527 MISSION— 2 large front housekeeping
rooms, $12; also 2 at $7. Apply In store.
561 MISBION, near 2d— S sunny furnished rooms
for housekeeping; also sunny back rooms.
1063 MlSSlON— Connecting housekeeping rooms;
hot and cold water.
21 NINTH— Front sunny suite for light house-
keeping; cooking stove: running water.
20 RONDELL. off Sixteenth, near Valencia—
Nicely furnished parlor, suit; sunny; use of
kitchen; $10.
165 SILVER, near Fourth— Sunny parlor and
kitchen, furnished for housekeeping.
119 A SIXTH— 3 or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
184 SOUTH PARK— Unfurnished eunny rooms
for housekeeping.
IS4 SOUTH FARK. near Third— Two sunny
rooms to rent; nicely furnished for house-
keeplng. ■
611 STOCKTON, near Splendid suite of 3
furnished roomß and floors of 3 unfurnished
rooms; large garden.
143 THIRD— housekeeping rooms com-
plete; bath; gas.
3337 TWENTY-SECOND— Nice suite of rooms;
housekeeping if desired.
5353 TWENTY-SlXTH— Furnished housekeep-
ing rooms, $3 and $10 per month; everything
complete.
\ WEEK'S NEWS FOR B CENTS-TH.il
tV WEEKLY CALL. In wraDper. for meillnc
ROOMS TO LET.
SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St.,
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
618 ELLlS— Large runny room; 2 gents; no
other roomers; comfortable home.
47 ERIE— 3 rooms furnished for housekeep-
lng.
325 FIFTH— I large sunny double front room;
$9; furnished.
766 V& FOLSOM— Furnished room, $4.
402 GEARY— Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
$6 and $7.
784V4 HARRISON, near Fourth— Finely fur-
• nlfhed sunny rooms; bath; quiet home; $1
week.
821 HOWARD— Single rooms, $7 and $8; suite.
$12; also other rooms.
1129 HOWARD— Sunny front rooms; single or
folding beds; large closets; $6.
1806 HOWARD, cor. Fourteenth— Three sunny
front rooms, $9.
| 715 HOWARD. St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
Elngle; sunny readlng-roo ; 25c up.
1124 HYI/E. near Sacramento— Private family;
large front alcove room, with or without
boar;?; telephone; 2 car lines convenient.
410 HYDE— Nicely furnished rooms, with board.
$20 each; uee of piano and parlor.
MONEY loaned on watches, . diamonds. Jew-
elry: low Interest Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
435 JESSIE, rear of Mmt — Neat single front i
room; rent $6; private.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny— Pleasant
sunny room?, en suite and single; flrst-clana
In every respect; terms reasonable.
804 LARKIN— Sunny double room, furnished;
2 persons. $6; single room, $3.
311 MAlN— Furnished room for gentleman at $4
per month.
667 MINNA, cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay
window room; $1 a week. ■
HANCOCK HOUSE, 781 Mission; select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
839 MISSION— and unfurnished
rooms. 1 - .
EKVi RRELL— Entire floor of 4 pleasant
unfurnished rooms and bathroom; $20.
3*7 O'FARRELL— Large front room, with
kitchen, unfurnished: $10; separate entrance
j 1023 O'FARRELL. near Van Ness aye.— Large
sunny newly furnished room; private family.
! "RANDOLPH" House, £01 Post st; cor. Mason
—68 bay window parlors; smaller rooms; run-
ning water; gat>; $1 50 to $4 per week.
so<» POWELL— Nic« cosy furnished front room
for rent
GRAND Southern. Seventh and Mission sts.—
; Suites; single; sunny; elevator: moderate.
142 SEVENTH— Furnishes suits and single
rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
125 SlXTH— Cheapest In city; sunny front
| rooms.
; 116 SlXTH— Nicely furnished rooms; suites or
single ; day. week or month. ' \
Cl 4 STEVENSON— Nice furnished sunny front
room for gentleman; rent reasonable.
BUTTER irOUSE, 3oi Furnished
rooms; running hot water; transient; 25c up.
! 622 TAYLOR, corner Butter— New sunny fur-
nished rooms. ' .....
706' TAYLOR— Well furnished sunny room for
gentleman.
24V4 THIRD— Room suitable for office or work
room.
SUNNY room, with . board., for gentleman in
respectable private family; references re-
v quired; . about •15 minutes', walk from Call
bulhilng. A'!'lr»-Mis box 40V Call office.
'k '■ fi :-: . . .-. 1^ OOMS WAWTED.
1 GENTLEMAN and wife, aged 60 years, with
own furniture, -would llk« to go In with simi-
lar couple to rent house or flat: we would
like 2 or 3 rooms for housekeeping. Ad<lress
box 410, Call office. •
WANTED— By a physician. 3 to 6 furnished
rr.oms. .with good bath; no children; in good
location. Box 377, Call office. •
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success; collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law. 850 Market cor. Stckta.
ADVICE free— Private law matters; moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkln st
ADVICE free; no charge unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, »27 Market if;-. , ...
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5 1898.
BOARDING AXD ROOMS,
JUST room for 4 more boarders; first class;
everything home-made; the only place In the
city where you can get ydur board without
rtiums at the lowest rates. . 1105 Hyde st. -.
511 FOLSOM— Pwediish private- boarding, with
room. <%i- to $:"> i»-r week : ulce i location. .. \
SOS VAN NESS AVE.— XeWIy furnished sunny
rooms; good board; $20 up. ' ■ .... -
24 FELL— Sunny furnished- rooms* board op-
tional; pjirlor for * with board, $35.-" • •*
220 EDDY— Sunny front single and double
rooms; first-class board, $3 50. - .
HOTEL SALISBURY; beantiftll grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
VVALDOUF, 809 Powell— Newly renovated; ele-
cant ronmii; board. MRS. CALIIOUN.. ,- .
CHILDRE.X HOARDED. -
WIDOW wishes a few Infants to board. 2618
Bryant aye. ■ .-'
. STOUES TO LET.
SPLENDID 4-story brick building and base-
ave.
STOKES TO LET.
ID 4-story brick building and base-
ment to let cheap. Apply at SIS Mission. St.
TAM ALE factory to let. with store andbase-
ment. Apply cor. Hyde and McAllister sts.
OFFICES TO LET.
THE well-known real estate office at 19 Sixth
st. to let. - - • .
218 SANSOME st.. now occupied by W. Loatia
& 00. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Pott. Book-
keeping, business practice, • shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es: electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; 20 teach-
er?, day and eve. Sessions; catalogue mailed.
A SCHOOL of physical culture and elocution.
1215 Octavia st., San Francisco, MISS ELIZA
MACKINTOSH, pupil of Professor G. ■ W.
Baynhum, Glasgow, Scotland, and graduate
cf the School of Oratory, Philadelphia. Pa..
teacher. Office days. Thurs. p. m.. Sat. a. m.
ATRES' Business College. 325 Montgomery at.;
individual instruction In shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc; life scholar-
ship. J6O:- low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. survey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
est. l(-<vt. VAN HER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
LAI'Y teaches piano, mandolin, EOc an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. . 1209 Octavia . st.
LL'NT'S dancing academy, 820 Post St.; Juven-
ile classes Sats., 2 P. M. : private lessons
dally. 10: SO to I; adults': class Monday evegs.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction in shorthand; dicta-
tlon class, T to 9 evgs; $2 50 mo. 1015 A Post.
LUDLAM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 928 Sutter st.
PROF. M. KOLANDER, teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 933 Market St., off Mason.
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons; club 'II
monthly. PROF. GASTALDI./710 Lombard.
lir and banjo. 935 Market St.. o(T Mason.
E. mandolin, guitar lessons; club $1
hly. PROF. GASTALDI, 710 Lombard.
VOlCEculture. piano; Paris graduate: French.
Spanish; new glasses; $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
MISS GAMBLE'S dancing school; adults' class
Saturdays S P. M. 317 Devlsadero st.
FISK teachers' agencies in 10 cities; teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott building.
615 LARK IN— Branch office of the CalL Bub-
scrlptions and want ads taken.
SAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.: 124 positions In 'S6. 103 In '87.
GUITAR, mandolin, piano and vocal lessons;
$8 month. Mary Westhaus. 39 Fifth st.
BIUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
ANY person having use for a -plan need not
do without when good Instruments can be
purchased from us at cash prices upon
monthly payments of $3. $4, $5, $6, $7. }\ t>.
$10; handsome scarf and wood seat stool In-
cluded. no charge for cartage. Pureahse your
medium and low price pianos where they can
be exchanged for a Steinway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Sutter sts.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S,
26. ZS and 30 O'Farrell Et. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to pleas* and
satisfy the customer.
CHANCE of a lifetime-Pianos of all grades
can be had from us on easiest possible
termy; Installment payments, until January
1, as low as $1 per week: prices from $40 up.
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. Curtaz block, 16.
IS. 20 OFarrell St.: established 42 years.
CONOVER. slightly used. $350.
Stelnway. slightly used. $275.
CliickTinK, second hand. $100.
Large stock. loweßt prices, rent. Installments.
The F. W. BPENCER CO.. !C3 Market St.
SPLENDID opportunity this mornlnK to se^
cure a fine upright piano at a great bar-
gain: investigate. THE J. DEWING CO.,
fCOWd flo^r flood bids;., Fourth ani Mark.-t.
PIANOS at cut prices; Improve the opportu-
nity: agency famous Halnes Bros., Bush &
Gerts and Bollerman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
fUi'OesMir t.i A L. Bancroft & Co.. 324 Post.
LARGE stock of Stelnway, Chickermg and
other standard makes of upright pianos from
$125 to $250 at HEINE A CO.. 136 Ellis. Y. M.
C. A. building: SHAW agents.
GREAT sale of fine rosewood guitars for boll-
day presents; first class Instruments, fully
warranted. $10, $12 50. $15. and $20. MAU-
VAIS MUSIC CO . 7>-:> Market st.
FINE Decker & Son piano, good as new, very
cheap: second hand uprights; $50 to $150.
MAUVAIB. 7«9 Market st.
SMAI.I. upright, IC: line large upright. $125;
SttTllng, $150; 10 other good bargains. BOW-
ERS & SON, 23 and 25 Fifth St.
BOHMER & Co., Byron Mauxy, Newby. EvaniT
Briggs, and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. 308. 310. 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 735 Market st.
HALLET &. DAVIS square piano, cheap. 105
Grove st.
6-FOOT Al music box for Bale. Box 376, Call
office.
SACRIFICE!:)— Elegant upright piano; must
sell. 230 K°arny St., room 26.
$40 piano; pplemlld Instrument; great sacri-
fice. liniVi Mission st.
BARGAIN— Nice upright cheap. "sCHMITZ. II
McAllister st., i'»r Htbernla Bank.
PARTY going East must sell fine upright;
post $.100. R. 25, I^2l Van Ness aye.
HORNUNG'S new style pianos; most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
JUHUUUIftT CUM model) Is the~plano yon
went. J. HARRY SCOTT. 5K Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H?
ICuLLKR, maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNAI'.K pianos: new scale; new styles.
KOHI.ER & CHASE. 30 O'Farrell st.
627 MONTGOMERY St., branch offlcrof thft
<~*all: want an> and »i]b»rrli>tion> taken.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
FAMILY grocery store; no bar; 251S Mission
St.; best st<»-k and fixtures. Apply to F.
SMITH. 31C Montgomery st.
FIRST-< 'Lass bakery. r«-ntral part of OalT
land, baking 2 barrels of flour per day; good
wagon route. 401 San Pablo aye.
1200- LB. good mare for sale cheap. Inquire
Market. 576 Howard st^
CLUSTER diamond marquise ring for $65; cost
$150. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye.
SINGER sewing machine; high arm; 5 draw-
ers; almost new; cheap. 1915 Mission st.
PRINTING office for sale; whole or In part.
1144 Market st.
FIVE fresh cows and route for sale. 4075 Army.
STREET roller. 2:6x2 feet, as good aa new,
cost W: will s"U for $:;n. 11l Van Ness aye.
15 HORSE-power boiler and engine, or will
exchange for 6 horse-power gas engine. 316
Railroad aye., South S. F.
SOME new and .second hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— liargnins in new and second hand: all
sties; half original cost. 109-111 Market, 8. F.
GItAPHOPHONKS. $10; Records. $5 per doa;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933 * 946 Mrkt
BOILERS, engines. M hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. IT, Reale St.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1122-36 Mission.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, bark bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum. cnVe furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near 7th.
WHISKY. Mcßrayer. April. IS»2, from Ken-
tucky bonded warehouse dtrort; 6Ec per gal-
lon. F. EPHRAIM. Gig Market St., S. F.
FOR sale cheap— second hand fireproof safe at
42 Main st.
SECOND hand dynamo*, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting-, laundry
machinery, etc SMITH CO., 527 Mission st
RETIRING from buclnofis; our entire stock of
rattan furniture and baby carriages will be
sold at wholesale oost. California Rattan
Work*. 740 aud 717 ilUslon, ltd. 3d and 4th.
PERSOXALS.
CORRECT hair dressing at my parlors and at
th« low price of 25c, and always well done: :
good »ivitchc-e, $1: finest, beat quality. $3 50; ;
•extra heavy, long. $.">; open Sundays and
.' holidays S) Jto 12 a. m. G. LEDERER, 1U j
Stockton ft.
I s Won.li like to hear from those who are !
afflicted with piles. Having suffered for 12
year* without relief, I was cured by a simple
remedy, and I desire to help a limited num-
ber of fellowmen for humanity's sake. Send
your address and I will Hen you this won-
derful medicine without any cost whatever. ■
A'Mr-ss box 3!55. Call office. . /. ;
QUINONIA Hair Tonic cleanses the scalp, j
beautlfi?e th» hair. <J. Lederer, 111 Stockton.
CAL. INBT., 402.$ Geary: tel. Davis 583; phren-
ology, psychology taught; ex. free.
PROF. j. GREVEN will introduce three more
-talent to the public in their own coucert at
T. M. C. A. Hall, on January 26. IS9S. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, nie7.ro noprano, ami MR. M. AL-
BERT, hig.li lyric tenor. .
DR. V. ■ CONDORY. M. D., expert physician, i
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has openeci an
'office at 959 Howard practicing physician.
Office hours frum 9 to 12, 2 to & p. m. and :
* from 7 to 8. • I
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse; !
baths; *"-ij.ne massage; Swedish move^nent;
■ Udlee, gents. 90C Market, room 25. 2d floor.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty; private; '
♦no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, mad* In
Ban Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
_ BRUNT. 625 Clay St.. 8. F.
BIG outdoor stereoptlcon show every night
cor. Market and Sixth; artistic advertise-
ments In living light; promoters of business.
Consult. OWL ADV. CO.. 1140 Market st.
I ELECTRIC lights in every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third Bt.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
1 Zsc to $1 CO per ntght; $1 C 9 to $8 per week:
. fr*e bus and baggage to and from th« ferry.
$14 — Suit to order: samples: try one. NEU-
HAUS CO.. tailors. 115 Kearny St.
! GREAT catarrh cure; Wilson's vaporUing In-
haler: 326 A Ellis; test free; cure $5.
j CLOAKS and tailor-made suits retailed at
. wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st. .
! BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth st.-
•Want ads and subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. PR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
i SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Bth.
— — — — — — — — ■■— — — — — — ■
... DRESSMAKERS. .
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses.
$5 up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 8(.
" r ~- CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium; while en-
tranced she vlll reveal every hidden mystery
in life; Blie will show you how to overcome
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
er* lost, stolen or buried property; locates
treasures, minerals; tells your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance Hours. 10 A. M. to SP. M.; perfect
. satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, rms 25 & 26. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader, born double veil and second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading: la.. 50c;
gents $1; palm. & clalrv.: sit. $1 CO. 126 Turk.
i MME. LE NORMANDE. clairvoyant, card
reader; hours 10 to 4; evenings. 401 Leaven-
worth Ft.
REMOVED— Mme. Lenemar tells fortunes by
planets; predicted "74" steamer on Island.
23H Sixth St.. room 6.
CONSULT the lucky medium and clairvoyant
fee 25 cents. 41 Minna *t.. basement.
MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; read-
Ings 25c this week; satisfaction gar'td. X 6th.
i MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921^ Mission Ft., opp. Mint.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice; names given; 25c up. S Fourth st.
MME. MOREAU. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader; 25c up. 73 Fourth st.. upstairs.
I MME. HANBEN, palmist, card-writer; past.
present nnd future; 2.V 14S Sixth, room 5.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c. 1037^ Folsom st.
MME. SODAN, Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to 8 P. M.
RAY FAlR— Card reader: magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sitting-* dally. 123H Sixth St., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First herpro-
fesaion; never fall;,; advice:- help. 929 Post.
MME. SYBILLE. cradle to grove; future hus- |
bnnd'i t'rture 25c: ladles. 014 O'Farrell st.
SPIRITUALISM.
HEALING and developing circle "Wednesday
evening at R. 25c; Thursday afternoon at 2,
heallr.ir circle, ladles and children only. 25c.
4.-3 PollC st.
AT 111 Larkin st. to-night, short address by
.Mrs. Waisbrooker and tents by Mrs. Co well
. of Oakland; free; election of officers.
MRS. - HO6XINB, spiritual medium: circle
Tues., 8 p. m., 25c: lings, fi. 214 Franklin.
TEST mc^lnr, 8 p. m.. 10c: SSS McAllister:
Stltt. Nlta. Evens. Makln, Hargrave. Hanson.
A. M FRANCIS, independent slate-writer: de-
-veloplng circle Wednesday eve. 118 Hatght st.
MME. MAYO STEERS. 112-4 Oak; circles
Tues. 8 P.M.. Thurs. z P.M.; lie; readings 11.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
messeees and advice. 218 Stockton st.
TEAS.
TEAS.
20, 25, SO, X, 40. r.O per pound.
COFFEES.
, It, 15, 20, 2.'. X, 40 per pound.
SPICES.
• • "fM*: : 10, 15. 20. 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING ICO BTORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE ,
• • PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES.
BICYCLE?.
'Pic BOXES,
AIR RIFLES. •
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
\ftl Stores Everywhere.
LOST.
LOST Sunday evening— Diamonds and pearls
crescent scarfpln; keepsake; large reward for
. return. F. G. W., R R. building. Tenth and
• Howard. • ■ ■
LOST— Brindle " greyhound bitch, white ring
around neck. 340 Thirtieth st. Liberal re-
ward. '■ ■
' LOST— Small black (Dachshund) dog. Return
tfl 1532 Jones' st. -Reward.
' POCKETBOOK. black with white stripes; re-
ward. .Address C. GUHTAFSON. 153 Tehama.
CARPET CLEAM.NG.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr..
SS undo Eighth St.; telephone South 250.
WHEN, you .become disgusted with poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
fceatlng Works, 353-57 Tehatna St.: tel. So. 40.
i GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Cleaning
Works. 14 Bth st. B. GRANT Tel. Jessie 201.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new. T
M'QUEEN. 4M Stevenson; tel. S. SJS.
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaninK Co., 420 Sutter:
,tel. Main 354. GEO. WALCOM. prop.
CLEANING, Sc; laying. 3c; nig samples free;
tel Jesnie 944. Stratton. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
SS Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh & Co.
J..E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co., 240 Uth
St.; cleaning 3c a yard: tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S carpet-beating works, 333 Golden
Gate aye. Telephone East 126. ■ . -
:.'.":•' •:■ !r... TO LEASE. .
RECREATION PARK—
. - The privileges of San Lorenzo Grove to let
for the coming season on reasonable terms to
the proper party. Apply at the office" of th«
Oakland." San Leandro and . HaywanJs Elec-
tric Railway, 90S Broadway, Oakland.
OLD Y. 'M. C. A. building. . 222 Sutter . »t-. to
rent for long term of lease. , Apply to H. J.
.M'COY. Mason and Ellis sts.
iiwna MACHINES. . _
ft MONTHLY; rented, repaired, bought, sold;
,' machine supplies. ■ 145 Sixth. ■ • .
i ALL kinds bought, sold, ' exchanged, rented;
.; repairing: lowest rates. '- 20." j Fourth.
PHYSICIANS.
DR.-C. C. O'DONNELL. office • and res. 1206
. Market; dlseaacs ot women a specialty.
MEDICAL,.
DR. V. CONDOR Y." M. Expert physician,
late of Hot Springs, Ark., has opened an of- ,
flee at i<B9 Howard Bt. Syphilis, chronic dis- i
eases of the skin, stricture, gonorrhea, piles, :
nervous prostration, rheumatism, swollen and ■
stiff Joints, contracted muscles and all eecret
. diseases cured by special treatment. .No in- :
terference with patients'- work: cure guar-
", anteed. Hours. 9 a. m. to 12 m., and 2 to 5 p.
m. ; 7 to 3 p. in. ■ ' '
ALL monthly Irregularities or other conditions
from whatever cause, restored at once; safe )
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
ad; instant relief for travelers; tumor* re- :
moved by electricity; home In confinement:
best care and privacy; for guaranteed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsules, $1. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 91S Post St.. near Larkin.
ALL of Dr. Fo'.ilet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; r.o danger or after ef-
fects;' taken in time it also acts as a pre- ,
ventlve; Drice $1 DO per box. sent free by
mail on receipt of price: consultations on all
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. 8. F. • A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us. .
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with the privacy of a 'home
and the convenience of a hospital; those
who are sick or discouraged should call on .
the doctor and state their case; they will >
find in her a true friend; all consultations
free and absolutely confidential. MRS. DR.
GWYER. »6 Turk st. : - J
I A PROCESS that never fails to restore every
ca»« ot monthly sickness from whatever
cause In few hours when medicines and others
! <- have failed; no instruments used; many years
experience; every case guaranteed: advice ,
free: terms reasonable; first-class private
home for confinement. MRS. DR. DALEY,
I 1126 Market st.. over Owl Drugstore. ;
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments: every woman her own physi-
cian for all female troubles, no matter from
what cause; restore In 1 day: never fails: con-
: sultation free; can be sent and used at home.
DR. POPPER. 31S Kearny. Orders by tele.
DR. A>D MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
aye. formerly 626 Eddy M.— Safe, quick cure
for all female complaints guaranteed; pri-
vate home in confinement; every comfort:
Infants adopted; terms moderate: pills SI.
DRS.GOODWIN, diseases of women: ladles;
safe, quick cure guaranteed: any ' ailment;
maternity home: best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr.Schuck's self-cure. $5. 401 Van Ness.
REMOVED— Mrs. Dr. Scott. 413 Geary St.. now
1104 Market, female complaints and diseases
of the. f\v»- permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by ni&il; lncloae utamp.
ALPEAU'S French pills— boon to ladles '*lth
female troubles: no danger; safe, cure; $2 50;
expreVs C. O. D. : don't delay until too late. '
OSGOOD EROP.. Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; irregularities restcred without fail;
loVfees; specific female pills, $1 frO. DR.
SMITH, 150S Market St.; 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 Clay at.; send
2-c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co.. 531 X st.. Sacramento. Cal.
CONFIDENTIAL— LadIes in trouble communi-
cate with DR. SANTEE. 33 Grant aye.. San
Francisco.
SURE cure irregularities or other female dis-
eases. MRS. PR. PUETZ. 254H Fourth.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
Mrs. Dr. Funke. 1416 Sth St., Alameda.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler. gradu-
ua.te midwife. 1709 Powell; tel. red 2641.
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bush; confinement
at home. 10 days. J2O. Tel. Green 581. ■
HEALTHY child for adoption. MRS. DR.
FUNKE. 1416 Eighth St., Alameda.
DRS. KERGAN ft KENNEDY cure blood, skin
and private diseases. 8 Mason.
,615 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; sub-
txrlptlona anil want ndn taken.
LOKSES.
DO not forget the sale of Fulton G. Berry's
lnph class carriage hackneys by Klllip & Co.
on January 10, at 11 a. m., .at salesyard.
Market and' Van Ness aye.
FOR SALE-- matched young team with
harness and buckboard: can l>e seen* at Ne-
vada Stable. 44 Clay. Price $125.
40 HORSES for sale: also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction pales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
' 50 head of horses suitable for any business. Old
i Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
WAGOXS AND CARRIAGES.
FOR sale— Light spring wagon, with top;
cheap. Apply J- NOONAN. 1019 Mission st.
ALL kinds new and second-hand wagons, car-
riages, buggies, carts, harness; largest as-
sortment, lowest prices. , 15th and Valencia.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
TWO express. ; grocery. 1 business and piano-
box top buggy. 1161 Howard st.
STORAGE.
AT low rates— Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN. 1017 to 1023
Mission St., above Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates— Household goods, pianos: ad-
vanrcs made; fireproof building. F. W.
EEHFt'SS. 840 Mission st. Tel. Main IS2I.
DENTISTS.
DR. LUDLUM HILU IMS Market, nr. Uth: no
charge for extracting when plates are made,
old plates made over like new; teeth from |S
per set: extracting 60c: gas given.
DR. GEO. W. LEEK, genuine Leek dentist,
discover of painless extraction A patentee of
Improved bridge work or teeth without plate,
moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
FULL set of teeth, |5; painless extraction; see
our combination plate, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth Im-
planted or transplanted; til lings 50c, crowns
|3 .V>; all work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors, 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM electro-dental parlors; painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extract!..:*, a
positive fact; full set of teeth, $3 up: silver
fillings, 25c up: gold crowns, 13 50 up; your
teeth put in without a plate; open evenings.
997 Market St., cor. Sixth; phone Jessie 695.
NEW Y'.rk dentists— Plates $3 up; sliver fill-
ings. 2£c up; gold linings, 75c up; plates
mended, (1 up: painless extraction, 50c: all
work warranted. 969 Mission. SK. cor. 6th.
». FT"LL set of teeth; best make; kept in
repair; extracting free: fillings, 50c; crowns.
H 50. Pacific Dental Parlors? 18 Third st.
; OHIO dental parlors. 906 Market St.; painless
extracting. 60c; open evenings and Sundays.
DR. J. 3. LEEK. 112« Market St.; open even-
Ings; Sunday till noon; registered dentist.
W. C. HARDINO. M. D.. 500 Sutter St.. cor.
Pom'ell; tel. Main £375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
I SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C,
YOUNG. 1&41 Polk st.
i COLTON Dental Association, 806 Market st.
DR. CHARLES W. DECKER.
«ir. LARKlN— Branch office of The CalL Sub-
scriptions and want a<is taken.
LEGAI, NOTICES.
' The California Debris Commission, having re-
i celved applications to mine by the hydraulic
i process from B. Freccero. in the Fra«er and
Swank Gravel Mine nt Washington Ranch,
1 calaveras County, to deposit tailings Jn an old
, i.it; from Manuel Silva and Joseph Enos, in
th«- Cherokee Flat Mine, at Cherokee, Butte
County, to deposit tailings on a flat below the
mine: from J. Logamaslno. in the Grizzly Upar
Plaier Mine, near Johnsvllle. Plumas County.
! to dei'osit tailings in Squirrel Creek: from Paul
Zerea et al.. In the Last Chance Placer Mine,
i near Sierra City, Sierra County, to deposit tail-
ings on a flat below the mine: from T. T. Kirk-
: ham, In the Mount Vernon Mine, near Nevada
city. Nevada County, to deposit t.-iilings In
Mount Vernon ravine; frnm William Ross, in
the Clark Mine, near Oleta, Amador County, to
deposit tailings In Headman's Creek; from
Charles E Wise, in the White Oak Mine, near
i Colfax. Placer County, to deposit tailings in
; Live Oak ravine; from John Solari and Joe
\ Devencenzl. in the Red Gulch and Mahala
' Flat Hill Mines, near Volcano. Amador Coun-
: ty. to deposit tailings in a ravine below the
! rainw from J. F. and M. H. Goodman, in the
! Blcknell Mine, near Volcano, Aniador County.
I to deposit tailings in North branch of Sutler
' Creek: and from S. R. Hackley. in the Indiana
and Gold Bug' Mine, near Onv> Ranch. El Do ■
I rado County, to deposit tailings In Perry's
Creek, gives notice that a meeting will be held
i at room ."*. Flood building. San Francisco. Cal
on January IT. HM> at lat p. m.
NOTICE of railroad consolidation— Pursuant
to the statute 111 such case made and pro-
vided, notice Is hereby given that the Pajaro
Valley Railroad Company and the Pajaro
Extension Railway Company, upon the
written consent of the stockholders holding
more than three-fourths in value of all the
slock of each of said corporations respec-
tively, and by agreement of the respective
! boards of directors of said corporations made
I and entered Into In accordance with such con-
sent and pursuant to the statute In such
case n.ude and provided, have consolidated
and amalgamated their capital stocks, debts,
properties, assets and franchises under the
corporate name and style of the Pajaro Val-
ley Consolidated Railroad Company.
Dated at San Francisco. California, the
tenth day of December, A. D. 1897.
By order of the board of directors of the
Pajaro Valley Consolidated Railroad Com-
By E. H SHELDON. Secretary.
4 MARKET st -Branch office of Tb« Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
CITY RE.kL ESTATE.
S O S O S Big value In S O S O S
O S O S Real estate at S O S O
8 O S— A. M. Speck & Co.. 602 Market— S O S
O S-Loans, 6to 6 1 .» per cent; Insurance. etc-S O
S $165,000. S
Corner; grand Investment; pays 6 per cent net
for 10 years.
A.— 5130.000.
Corner; brick building: rents $S00; one tenant.
M. $12.-).0OO.
Business property; gilt edge; one tenant; rent
$700.
s. sioo.oflo.
PP— Cor. ; 75 feet, with new Improvements; nr.
EEE — Orpheum; for secured tenant; rents $700.
CC $HO,OOO
X Market St., near Baldwin; two fronts.
$110,000.
00x120 feet, within block of Tivoll.
*7. r ..000.
Corner; 200x137:6: on Leavenworth St.; partly
Improved; ronts J5OO.
*0.'.,000.
Cor.; 220x100; vicinity Mission and 16th.
$5000.
O— Nine nlc« flats near Sixth st. ; rents $65— S
S O-- Other Bargains. Other Bargains— S O
0 S O A. M. SPECK A CO. S O S
SOS O A. M. SPECK & CO. S O S O
G. M. SALBBCRY, builder. 521 X at. ; low estt- |
mates; plans given; dry washers made for j
placer mining.
COUNTRY UEAL ESTATES.
TO let or lease— 3 acres; house of 4 rooms,
barn, chicken-house, windmill, fruit and
shad" trees: suitable for poult ry and veget-
ahlos: Fitehburg, on Yokom aye. E. TRET-
3HLER. pi-op.
FOR LEASE— SmaII fruit ranch, Santa Cruz
County. Box 3SI. Call office.
$1800 — GRAND home of 40 acres, near a town,
with a nice house, barn, 450 fruit trees, etc.;
part cash; a chance of a lifetime. A. M.
BPSCK & CO.. 602 Market st.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
ORIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
WANTED — To exchange a home In San Jose
valued at $1200 for a small Improved ranch;
balance must be on easy terms. Box 349,
call.
LITTI..E homes close to town; Improved; easy
terms; also 4 to 12 acre pieces on 8 and 10
years' credit. D. H. TWING, Sonoma City;
every Monday at 632 Market St.. B. F.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
City lot for income property ; cash.
20 houses and lots, from $1250 to $6,000
60 ranches, all sizes, from $100 to 30.000
20 houses. Oakland and Alameda. $1000 to. 8.000
What Have You to Offer?
H C. DECKER. 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAHBDA REAL ESTATE.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United States
or Canada one year for $1 GO, postage free.
MONEY TO LOAN.
ANY amount at 6V4 p. ct. on real estate; 2d &
3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate In probate, life Insurance, good* in
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval; mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLQAN. 24 Montgomery, nn. S.
LOANS on furniture or piano* in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal; no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and jew-
elry at the lowest rate*. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, 94S Market st., tel. preen 204.
ON furniture and pianos without removal ; no
commission; lowest interest; part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market st.. room 68.
1 GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: Btrictly private; low
rates: tel. Red 1121; established 1869.
$5 per month Interest on each $1000; 55 cents
per mo. on $100; any amount; on 2d mort-
gage, any security. Address Cash. Call.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates: ■ no commission; $25 up;
prlvsie party. BONELLI, 402 Geary st,
ON furniture, pianos; no commission; low
rate*: private. SCRIBNER & CO., 7 City
Hall Square. _'•'■• " " ■ ■
ANY 6um. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st. -.-:.'
$50 to 000: lowest rates-; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country; any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages. estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Mkt. St.
ON pianos,- furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister.
PIANOS, furniture, etc.: no removal; easy
terms. 39 Flood bldg.. 4th and Market.
1100,000 on life Insurance policies; low interest.
JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 330 Pine. __^
! 10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow mon-
ey: diamonds and jewelry. ■  - -;■ :
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS, 330 Montgomery st.— Loans on life
Insurance policies and buys bank books.
' LOANS on. real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rate*. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery »t.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for rale cheap: send for sample & prices.
ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery st.
I REMINGTON No. $: line order; $25; sample
sent. PCOTT & BANNAN. 333 Montgomery.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
BORN.
DAY— In Santa Rita. December 25. 1897, to the
wife of Georget, Day. a daughter.
DILLE— In Lompoc, December 26, 1897, to the
wife of John Dllle, a son.
ENDICOTT— In lone. December 22. 1897, to the
wife of Dr. E. "E. Endlcott, a daughter.
KERDELL— this city. December 81, 1897, to
the wife of Tony Kerdell, a daughter.
MAHONEY— December 21, 1897, to the wife of
W. J. Mahoney. a daughter.
MATHEWSON— In San Jose, January 1. 1898.
to the wife of W. G. Mathewson. a daughter.
RASMUSSEN— In Oakland, January 1. 1898, to
the wife of L. Muth Rasmussen, a son.
TANZER— January S. 1898, - to the wife of
Charles Tanzer. a daughter.
MARRIED.
BESWICK— WERTZ— In Redlands. December
29. ISB7. by the R-rv. Ira G. Sprague, Benja-
min F. Beswlck and Dora Werti.
TWIGG— In Redlands, December 25.
1897. by the Rev. Ira G.. Sprague. Andrew
N. Dike and Jennie E. Twigg.
DUGAN— CURRISTINE— In Los Angeles, De-
cember 29. 1597, by the Rev. T. J. Fitzgerald.
Thomas M. Dugan and LUzle F. Currlstlne.
ECKLEY— CRAWHALL— In this city.' Decem-
ber 25. 1597, by the Rev. John A. Emery,
William H. Eckley and Gertrude E. Craw-
hall. ' ■ " , "
' ECKLEY— HUNTER— this city. December
•23. 1837. by the Rev. John A. Emery, Frank
K. Eckley and Susan E. Hunter. -
: FITHIAN— In lone, December 29. 1897,
by the Rev. H. Copeland,' Edward F. Fithian
and Maude M. Amlck.
GROAT— KEYSER— In this city. December 26.
1897, by th« Rev. John A. Emery, Charles
F. Groat and Laura Keyser.
MITCHELL— COCKRELL— In this city, De-
cember 13. 1897. by the Rev. John A. Emery.
O. M. Mitchell and Annie T. Cockrell. , •
RODDICK— HANCOCK— In San Bernardino.
December 23, 1887.; by the Rev. F. V. Fisher,
James R. Roddick and Augusta Hancock.
ROUNDTREE— AMERMAN— In this city.' De-
cember IJ. lSS7.,by the Rev. John A. Emery,
Walter B. Roundtree and Grace A. Amer-
man."
SECCOMnE— PERDEW— In Riverside. Decem-
ber 23, 1597. by the Rev. W. J. Arnold;- W. C.
Seccombe and Margaret L. Perdew.
SCHEUER— KENNY— In this city, January 3.
lS9B,"by;the Rev. Dr. Stebblns, Gerard A. J.
Scheuer and Ruth M. Kenny. " •
TRAUTSCH— NAUMANN— this city. De-
cember 81. 1597. by the Rev. .J. M. Buehler,
William Trautsch and Catharlna Naamann.
"WARNER— CARTER— In San Bernardino, '•' De-
cember 24. 1597, by the Rev. F. V. Fisher.
William T. Warner and Clara B. Carter.
EVANS— In this city, December 28,
ISV7. by the Rev. ■ John A. - Emery. John" F.
Wylle and Edna P. Evans.
' DIED. .
ATKINSON— In this, city, January 4. 1897.
Alice, bf-loved daughter of Henry and Cath-
, erlne Atkinson, ' a native of San " Francisco.
aged 3 months.
! ANTONOVICH— In this city. January 4. 1896,
Florlo, dearly beloved husband of Mary An-
tonovich, and father of-DomXnlc, Annie, Wil-
lie, Emlle and Elvlila Antonovlch. a native
of Dalmatta, aged 73 years 11 months and 12
i , days. .'. ■ • - - .--■;-
BUNKER— In Martinez, Juhuary 3, 1898, Ro-
land ■ R. Bunker. <a - native -of Nantucket,
Mass.. aged 7C years and 6 months. • .
(CThe funeral will take place ; this day
(Wednesday), at 1:30 o'clock.- '
; BRADSHAW— In this city. January 3. 1898.
-. William, dearly beloved sod of Kathrine and
the late David Bradshaw, and brother of
Robert, John, Joseph, Edward and Mamie
Bradshaw, a native of Chicago, 111., aged
23 years and 9 months.
tC?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited" to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 221 Ritch street, thence to St.
Rose's Clinrch for services. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
BIRDSALL— At Sawyers Bar, December 28,
ivT. Mrs. S. H. Birdsall. a native of Ohio,
aged 51 years and 5 months.
COOPER— In this city, January 4. IS9B, Sarah
Cooper, beloved mother of William Cooper,
and grandmother of Selina. May. Lucy and
Ella Cooper, a native of England, aged S6
years.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from the Old Peo-
ple's Home, corner Pine and Pierce streets.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
COHN— la this city. January 3, IS9S, Adam
Cohn. a native of Germany, aged 72 years.
E7"Friemls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Theodor Dierks. 957 Mission street,
between Fifth and Sixth, thence by 11:30
o'clock train to Home of Peace Cemetery for
interment.
DE MARTINI— Court Twin Peaks, No. 7558.
A. O. F. : Officers and members are re-
spectfully requested to attend the funeral of
our deceased member. Louis tie Martini from
his late residence, 160S Tonquin street, this
. day (Wednesday), at 2 o'clock. By order
GEORGE KOPPEN, C. R.
ALEX SMITH, F. S.
DOW— In this city. January 2. 1898, John W.
Dow. a native of Nebraska, aged 35 years.
{£7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
'Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment Laurel Hill Cemteery.
IX>WNE£— In this city, January 3, 1898, Cath-
erine Pnwnes, a native of Macroom, Ire-
land, aged 72 years.
C?" Friends are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), at
I o'clock, from the residence of her niece,
Mrs. H. J. Kcrr.or. 3637 Twenty-fourth street,
thence to Si. James Churoh, where a solemn
requiem mass will be celebrated for the re-
pose of her soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.
DAXGUY— In Oakland, January 4, IS9B, Fe-
liclte Danguy, a native of Bretagne, France,
aged 66 years.
t3^Friends an<J acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 218 Fifth street, Oakland. Interment
Mountain View Cemetery. •
DLNNIGAN— In this city, January 4, 1898,
Maud, beloved daughter of John H. and Mag-
gie Dunnlgan, a native of San Francisco,
„ aged 1 year and 7 months.
DE WITT— In Tippecanoe, December 25, 1807,
Mrs. Reuben de Witt, a native of Ohio, aged
7.1 y?ars.
EPIIRAIM— In this city. Jannary 3, 1898, Bern-
hard, beloved husband of Lulu EphraJm,
father of Julian Ephralm, and brother of
Mrs. S. Meyer, a native of Posen, Germany.
lETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, from his late
residence, 72S Polk street, between Eddy and
Ellis, and thence by 11:30 o'clock train to
New Salem Cemetery for interment.
FRANCHI— In the City and County Hospital,
January 4, IR9B. Ophemia Bonuomo Franchl,
a native of Italy, aged 43 years.
HAMMOND— January 3, 1898. Mrs. Mary C.
Hammond, beloved mother of Mrs. May I.
Schnavel of San Francisco and Mrs. Maude
B. Pnelling of Boston, Mass., a native of
Maryland, aged 53 years.
HOFEN— In this city, January J, 1898, Cath-
erine Hofen, mother of Lillie yon Hagen and
Frank Bauer, a native of Mannheim, Ger-
many, aged 58 years and 6 months.
ICyFriends are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services this day (Wednes-
day), at 2 o'clock, at her late residence, 724
Union street. Interment private, Masonic
Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
HAFFEY— In this city, January 3, 1898. John,
beloved hustand of Ann Haffey, and father
of Mrs. Mary Langrldge and Mrs. Lizzie Os-
man, a native of north of Ireland, aged 70
years and 5 months.
E7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 8:15 o'clock, from the par-
lors of Carew & English, 41 Van Ness ave-
nue, n< ar Market street, thence to St. Brig-
id's Church, Van Ness avenue and Broadway,
where a requiem high mass will be celebrated
for the repose of his soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery-
HIRSINGER— In this city, January 3, 1898,
Susanna Sabina, beloved daughter of Emile
G. and Elise Hirsinger, sister of Emile Hir-
singer, and granddaughter rf Mr. and Mrs.
Emile G. Hirsinger, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 1 year 11 months and 15 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her parents, 3 Folsom avenue, off
Folsom street, between Seventh and Eighth.
Interment Odd Fellows' Cemetery.
HAGEMAN— In Butte City, December 29.' 1897,
John Hageman, a native of Germany, aged
78 years.
MEHEGAN— In this city. January 4, 189S, Elmo
i J., dearly beloved and Idolized son of P. J.
and J. Mehegan, a native of San Francisco,
aged 11 months and 11 days.
(D'Notlce of funeral hereafter. -
O'BRIEN— In San Jose, December 81, 1897, Mrs.
Bridget O'Brien, a native of Ireland, aged
60 years.
PARTRIDGE— In Indio, December 28. 1897. Ed-
win George Partridge, a native of Pennsyl-
vania, aged 34 years 1 month and 17 days.
PARSONS— In Congress, Ariz., December 31,
I 1897, Jogiah, dearly beloved husband of Mary
Josephine Parsons, father of the late Willie
C. Parsons, son of Cornelius and the late
Elizabeth Parsons (nee Hopkins) and brother- .
in-law of Barney McHugh, Mrs. S. Fitzger-
ald and Mrs. J. . H. Ma her, a native of Le-
b anon, Ind., aged 54 years 10 months and 18
days. (Virginia City papers please copy.)
(CFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to.' attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of the Pacific Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
between. Third and Fourth. Interment Holy
. Cross Cemetery. ■
REED— In Los Angeles, December 23, 1897, Mrs.
D. Reed.
SANDERS— In this city, January 3, 1898, Sarah
Jane, beloved wife of the late John P. San-
ders, aged 79 years 6 months and 22 days.
OC?"Friends are ■ respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral this day (Wednesday), ■ at
11 o'clock, from her late residence, 343 Beale
street. Interment private, in Masonic Ceme-
tery.
SCHLOTZHAUER— In Oakland. January 8.
IS9B, George W., beloved husband of Mrs.
George W. Schlotzhauer, son of Mrs. Kath-
| eiine and the late P. HHr. r Schlotzhauer. and
brother of P. H. Jr. and F. T. Schlotzhauer,
• Mrs: L. W. Walker and Mrs. ' H. Menge, a
. native of El Dorado City, Cal., aged 33
years 4 months and 3 days.
(E7"Frlends and acquaintances ars respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, Boston avenue. Upper. Fruitvale,
thence to St. Elizabeth's Church. Bray, ave-
nue, Fruitvale, where a solemn requiem mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his souL
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment ■■ St.
Mary's Cemetery, Oakland. • -
SPANGENBERG— In this city, January 4,
1898, Louise C. Spangenberg, a native of Ger-
many, aged 59 years 11 months and 24 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), at 10 o'clock, from her late i resi-
dence, 874 ; Mission - street. Interment Cy-
press Lawn Cemtery. '
SMITH— In" this city. January 4, 1598. ; George
\ J., beloved husband of Mary J. Smith, and
father of Henry J., Elsie and Bertha Smith,
a native of New York City, aged 55 years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Thursday), ' at 2 o'clock, from the Masonic -
Temple, under the auspices of Oriental Lodge
No. '-144, F. and A. M. Interment I. O. O. F.
-Cemetery. . , ,
VOGEL— In this city. January 2. 1898. " Jo-
hanna Vogel, beloved mother of Mrs. Emm*
Bros"? and Mrs. C. G. Umlnnrl, a native of
Germany, aged 62 years 9 months and St
, ■ days.-- • ■ ■ . ■ J-'.-.J — ■ ; - .
CTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from the parlors
of H. F. - Suhr & Co.. 1209 Mission street, '
near Eighth. Interment - Laurel ' Hill. Ceme--
tery. : , ." . . . —. . .
! WILLIAMS— this city, January 4, IS9S, Flor-
ence, beloved daughter of Frank and Elea-
nora Williams, and f- sister of Pearl and
Sarah Williams, a nattve of San Francisco,
. aged 2 years and 1 month.' ."."
! WYNNE— In Philadelphia. , December 20. 1597.
Hugh .P. Wynne, dearly t>eloved : brother of
■ Mrs. '-■ Potter of San Francisco and Thomas
Wynne of Philadelphia, a ntive of Norfolk,
'■■ Va. ■■ -.'' . ''-■'■-.■-;--■" , ■' . : .
McAVOY & GALLAGHER, T"
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMERS I
£0 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School. a
Telephone. South 90. ■ .■'.-. _...!..
In. n. mavoy. Manager. ■ I
IYXc/W/O^T <Sz co., 1
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMERS, I
• 1235 Market St.. between Bth and 9th. I
> < - Telephone. South 247. - 1
• ' ' Estab. 185 S. *. ' Tel. ' South 47.
.1 CRAIG &COCH RAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers,
22,24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for .the . us*
> of our patrons. Rubber tires on our ambulance.
- SELLS BURIAL', LOTS AND GRAVES.
> PERPETUAL CARE. "
LAUREL HILL •
CEMETERY -ASSOCIATION, j
.... ... . . j . .. .. - - ,
f ; Juoctlon of Bus!) Street and Ceotrat j
■' ' Avenue, Sao Francisco.
m!' ' ' . '' ' "'— :
1314
UNDER THE SHADOW
OF FRESH DISGRACE
The Bulletin Exposed as a Leech
Trying to Fatten Upon
Merchants.
Some of the Victims Will Resist, and Many
of Them Meet to Consider
Plans.
THE BULLETIN THREAT.
December 94, 1807.
Gentlemen: We will be
pleased to hare you call
and see me in reference
to your writing up which
appeared in our Indus
trial Edition aud bill
for which you have re
fused to pay at (his writ
ing. We trust that you
will sivc this matter im
mediate attention, as it
will save you consider
able trouble and incon-
venience. Truly yours.
THE BtJEJMBTUV,
Per T. I\ Boyle,
Business
For a truly good paper, not only con
scious of virtue, but inviting others to
bask in the radiance of its moral lus
ter, the Bulletin is in an awkward
predicament. It has been detected in
an attempt to swindle. It has been
exposed in a scheme as dark and
graceless as ever contrived by the ven
dor of gold bricks; a scheme of even
more sinister turpitude. A bogus gold
brick can at least be thrown at a cat. i
The Bulletin, under pretense of giving \
away space of no possible utility, real- !
ly managed to assume the aspect of
having sold it. Unblushingly it en- ;
deavored to collect, and over those
■who demurred it held a threat, some- ;
times vaguf, some-times couched in |
the curt terms known to the lawyer
about to bring suit. The lawyer is
named Jennings, and only a brief term '
ago was mentioned as having been dis- !
barred.
The spectacle of the business men of
the community meeting to confer as to
the b^st method of protecting them
selves against the imposition sought to
be practiced by the Bulletin is po un
usual as to throw a glare of light on
the situation. At the point of the focus
that discredited shevt may be observed,
now defiant, now cringing, again com
promising with one of its victim? and
begging him to regard the matter as
confidential. The tendency to enter
upon confidential relations with the
operators of the confidence game is not
marked. A man whose pocket has been
picked seldom considers himself bound
to protect the picker.
The Bulletin boasts of modern meth
ods. Robbery and Jobbery are his latest
innovation. It does not boas* of thip.
Because it will not tell the story of its
own shame, and because few would see
the story even if it were to appear in
that twilight tomb of news, the duty
devolves on anothf-r.
The tale runs thus: The Bulletin es
spyed to produce what it was pleased
to name an industrial edition. It em
braced many pages, and. as contempo
raries were kind enough to admit,
made a showing apparently excellent
THE SOLICITORS' "SPIEL."
Here's Wbat tbe "Bulletin" Required Its
BunKo Men to Learn by Heart.
Mr. : lam from the Evening Bulletin and called upon you
In reference to an Illustrated and Industrial Edi ion of our paper which we are
going to soon publish and which is different from anything ever pub ished
before, because we don't want any advertising. We are going to take
up every line of business — that is, wholesale grocers, drugs, dry goods, etc. —
and speak of them editorially in our paper. We are going todevot: considera
ble space to your line, the , that is, speak of the amount of annual sales,
capital invested, etc. We are also going to illustrate this edition with cuts
of the fine office buildings and wholesale and manufacturing establishments and
will publish a nice cut of your place of business here free of charge. We
want to show the people at large that San Francisco is not only a big city from
a financial point of view but also from an architectural standpoint; that many
of our wholesale and manufacturing establishments occcupy large and com
modious quarters or buildings, etc. Copies of this edition are to be sent lo all
the prominent newspapers, Boards of Trade and commercial bodies through
out the entire West. We are going to publish an edition such as will please
every business man and public- spirited citizen in this city and one that can
not be referred to as an ad scheme. It is published for the benefit of
the city. The idea is to show what a great city San Francisco is and what a
great city she reasonably promises to be in the future. Now this will be
a very expensive newspaper; we don't accept any advertising.
but if you wish to donate or contribute something toward making
this enterprise a success we would thank you for any amount you
could give. We don't accept amounts less than one dollar ;we accept any
thing from one dollar up. To-day we are simply getting names of merchants
who will do something. You can see by this list whom we have already
interested. If you will read the heading it will explain the proposition better
than I can.
Mr. , those names are simply the names of those who agree to do
something. They haven't any of them signified the amount they would give.
You can give anything irom one dollar up. If you do give us a dollar
we could not take it only i.> one way, and that is by giving you an
equivalent, and that is one line in our paper. Your name and address
if you gave two dollars. It wouid be two lines, or in other words one
dollar per line. We don't ask you to giye any certain amount. It is your
moral support and indorsement we want more than anything else. You
give us your name on the list to-day and you can deciJe on the amount later
on. In a week or two another man will come around, and you can tell him
the amount ot money you want to spend and about wnat you want in the
paper.
(HERE SPRING THE CONTRACT.) Mr. , you will re
memrer now is one dollar per line tor any number of lines you take (this
clause protects you), a man will write up and bring it down and show it to
you, and you can make arrangements as to the amount of money you want
to spend. Just put your name and number of street down here as a memo
randum of the amount per line.
[ for local manufactures. But It devel
! ops that people who contributed in >
j many instances had done so under the
| mistaken idea that they were to be
i charged nothing, but have the pleasure !
of helping the Bulletin in thus explolt
j ing valuable enterprises, and then do
i nate to that peculiar concern any sum
i they chose. As the matter was first
! broached it had much the seeming of
1 a charity scheme, with the Bulletin
the direct beneficiary and the dear peo
\ pie petting a theoretical rake-off. The
plan in advance had been reduced to an
absolute system. No gang bent upon
, looting a bank ever went about the
I task with greater deliberation.
The seed was sown by means of a
cunningly devised circular. An agent
rich in cheek and fluent as to gab made
a call upon the selected victim. He
had a "piece" to speak, and until he
had committed this to memory was not
ready to tackle his game. But having
committed it there was no escape from
him save by flight.
He told how the Bulletin was intend
ing to get out an edition free from any
advertising; how donations would be
; accepted; how moral support was the
; thing of which he was particularly in
• i quest. He paused at a certain place in
his eloquence to give the listener an
■ ; opportunity to subscribe his moral
support. In the "piece" given him to
learn was a memorandum, "Spring
contract," and with a regularity whirh
sjx.k.- well for his training he never
omitted to spring it. But he did this
pleasantly, casually, as a matter of
form. Afterward the merchant had an
impression that there was to be a
write-up; that some man was coming
to collect material, and then the Bul
letin would accept the boon of a
gratuity it had craved. But the man
never came. The next move was the
receipt by the merchant of something
(Here show list of firms.)
(Get signature to list.)
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, WEDNESDAY, JANUARY 5, 1898.
called a write-up, this accompanied by I
a document meant still to give the or- j
iginal impression that the Bulletin was :
performing a labor of love. Then the |
edition was printed.
Hardly was it off the press when the
bills for the write-ups began to cause
pain and surprise. The merchants
thought they had signed something
chiefly Indicative of their local pride.
They found that they had signed some- j
thing which the Bulletin regarded as a |
contract to pay at $1 per line, and that '
their protest against such extortion i
was met by a threat to sue. Naturally
the merchants were indignant and they
held a meeting to consider how best to
meet the extortion. The business man
ager of the Bulletin was there and
tried to make out a case, but the job ;
was hopeless. He could not explain
why he had been concerned in an effort
to bunko them, and they soon tired of
I listening to him and adjourned with
their wrath uncooled.
Just what action will be taken next
lis not determined, but it is certain
that some of the merchants will refuse
to pay their bill and will welcome any
suit the Bulletin may choose to bring.
The Excelsior Glove Company has
compromised for half the amount
charged and feels Itself cheated at this.
President Dohrmann of the firm of Na- j
than & Dohrmann paid his bill, know
ing it to be unjust. "I found I was not
shrewd enough," said Mr. Dohrmann,
"and 1 paid the sum demanded, charg
ing it to experience." The sum was
more than $100.
H. S. Field of Hammersmith & Field
declared that the firm would not under
any circumstances pay for advertis
ing not contracted for. "I think it
rather peculiar," he said, "for the Bul
letin to try to collect for a write-up
: supposed to be gratuitous. Our firm
i has never been in the habit of doing
business in such a way, and before we
submit to the unwarranted bill will
stand suit, feeling confident we can
■ conclusively show any court we had
• not agreed to pay for the article."
i Mr. Schmidt of the Schmidt Label
i and Lithographing Company consented
i to tell how he was taken in. "A man
I by the name of Spencer came to me,"
he said, "representing that he came
fr<>m the Bulletin, and asked that he
might be allowed to write the firm up.
As we are not heavy advertisers, I re
fused. Ho then told me that it would
be a free write-up, and if we were sat
istio'l we could donate a few dollars so
v to lesson the paper's expenses.
"I told him to go ahead and that we
would give him $5. A few days later
I received from the Bulletin the proof
of an article of about 300 words in
which a great deal of space had been
devoted to me personally, and not
caring for so much glory I drew my
pencil through nearly all the copy,
leaving a few paragraphs, which I re
turned to the paper. Within a week
Sf- neer called. I was very busy, but
he seemed to be in a great hurry, and
I went to him. Handing me a paper
he said, 'Of course I deserve some pay
for my trouble, and the only way I
can get it is to show my employers
that I was instrumental in getting the
write-up. Won't you please sign this
paper, so t*iat I can use it as a
voucher?' Not having time to read it
I signed the paper and he was off. I
thought nothing more about the mat
ter until I received d" bill for it at a
dollar per line. To say I was sur
prised is putting it mildly. I was as
tonished and declined to pay more
than the $5 I had agreed to give as a
donation. I will pay nothing more."
OJeorge L. Payne, president of
Payne's rtnlt Works, in speaking of
the Bulletin's methods of attempting
to extort money from the merchants
of the city to pay for the expense of
getting out their holiday edition,
said:
"The solicitor of the Bulletin came
to us about four weeks ago to advertise
in the holiday edition of their paper.
I looked over the list of the merchants
of the city who had already slgnod for
articles, and not being adverse to ad
vertising in this manner, I readily
agreed to subscribe.
"The solicitor represented that I was
to be allowed forty lines for the de
scription of my establishment, together
with an editorial and cut of the build
ing. The whole was to cost but $5. The
article was written by the Bulletin
people and submitted to me for con
sideration. As It was, as I thought,
entirely too flattering to my establish
ment, I handed It over to my book
keeper to cut down.
"When the process of cutting out this
objectionable praise was completed the
i entire article consisted of but eleven
lines. These eleven lines, together with
a cut of the bolt works on Howard
street, were published, and I thought
no more of the matter until the col
lector presented himself wtth a bill
against me for $11.
"I asked him for an explanation as
to why I should paY $11, as I had
agreed to pay his solicitor but $5, I
was told that such articles In the Bul
letin were taxed at the rate of $1 a
line and he saw no reason why I should I
not pay it.
"I remonstrated, and to smooth the
matter down and collect the $11 he said
I haa no particular kick coming, as I
had received a published cut of my
building, which was worth at least $15,
if not more.
"I refused to pay him the $11, and he
! threatened to sue me for the money.
1 ' I told him to go ahead and do so, as I
' ! wouldn't pay the extra $6 under any
; consideration."
j When asked whether he meant to al
) low the Bulletin people to institute suit
) against him for the money or pay it
and avoid notoriety, he said: "While I
dislike the notoriety that this matter
will probably cause me. I do not feel
Justified in paying the fxtra $6; it is
more for the principle of the thing than
the money I care; and I intend to fight
them for this reason if for no other."
When asked if he knew of any other
merchants of the city swindled in
like manner, he said:
"There are scores of them right
around my own establishment, but one
in particular, C. H. Evans, of the firm
of C. H. Evans & Co., doing business at
ISI and IST Fremont street, who was
swindled out of $45."
The following firms were either rep
resented at the meeting which consid
ered the Bulletin's confidence game or
are among those reported to have been
w.-rked by the bunko men:
Pacific 4mmonin Hottllng;€o. .
llfrrman Ac Co.
Hammersmith A Field.
Hernhard iln(irr»«r«.
Indianapolis Fnrnilure Co.
Geo. 11. Voting:.
.1. C. I%'olnn A Co.
Siebe Shoe Co.
B-:. K. Oeorgre Shoe Co.
dioodyear Rnbber Co.
C. Ilirriniiiin Ac Co.
The Howard 11. llocan Co.
11. Ciirandjenn.
nau, Sadler Ac Co.
Ilartter, Hayet* A Co.
71. Ehrmnnn.
lloltum Bro«.
C. yt. .Mnnii.
iliin-i-il i 1it;.. 1. o.
Henry Cnmpe Ac Co.
Kprunnce, Stanley A Co*
Ci!. Cohen Co.
Hey, Grnuerholz A Co.
Neeg:elkeu A Buckncr.
St. CiJeorg;e Vineyard.
Horn Ac Co.
liiillniiin. Salz A Co.
Fontana Ac Co.
An i»i:i ii. Dohrinann AC Co.
Anglo - American Crockery
and GlasMrare Co.
Pacific l-'oltlinc Paper Box
Factory.
S. I*. Taylor A Mont*.
Kchmidl Isabel A l.iiho
Union IJ llio;;r;» phi IIU '©.
(■iirciii A .tlaprjiiiii.
1,. *•< n-iisi A Co.
I -iil» «■. Nre«oTich A Co.
I>. B. Allinon A Co.
.1 . Ivancorich A Co.
.1 . Zenther A Co.
C. R. Spli valo A Co.
Such is briefly, but alas- and alas.
ONE OF THE VICTIMS.
To the Editor of The Call— Sir: One of the victims of the bunko
gang, 3eelng in your paper this morning an exposure of the Bulletin,
wishes to state how he was entrapped. A solicitor called at our fac
tory, made known his errand and we told him that as the Bulletin did
not go out of Uie city to any extent we did not think it worth while to
put in our "write-up." The solicitor replied that they were to have
Dun's mailing list and copies of the issue would be sent throughout the
State. He also told us there would be no charge for the write-up, but
if we saw fit to give a few dollars we could. Thereupon we gave the
solicitor some points and signed the list, and put our stamp upon the
contract without having read it, the solicitor telling us this was a mere
matter of form. The write-up was presented for our "O. X.," and not
being to our liking we prepared another, and when this was returned to
us before publication we affixed our "O. K." and signature, all upon the
basis represented to us that no charge would be made, but the matter of
compensation be left to us.
When the paper was issued and before we had seen a copy, a collec
tor presented a bill of $79 for a write-up of seventy-nine lines at $1 a
line. We were astonished. After thinking the matter over, we went to
the Bulletin office and there learned that Mr. Wolf (a very suggestive
name) had charge of the edition. Not wishing to have a lawsuit, al
though we think we could sustain our position, and yet may try, we
talked on the line of settlement, and Wolf asked us what we would be
willing to pay— not that we were to understand by that that ne was to
accept the offer. We told him that we would pay $25. but considered that
we had been fleeced at this figure. He promised to let us hear from him
and in two or three days we did. through a lawyer named C. M. Jen
nings, demanding payment and stating that the claim had been put in
his hands for collection. We enclose said notice. We went to see Mr.
Wolf again and aiMl we would pay one-half the amount. After consult
ing with some one in the office. Wolf replied that $50 was the least they
would take. The same evening we sent by mail a check for $45, and in
due time received an acknowledgment, but not a receipt in MB. This
we sent back with an explanation, and in due time received the deslfed
receipt, an assurance that we had been very liberally dealt with, and a
request that the affair be regarded as confidential. Nevertheless, we
wish to show how we were bunkoed so as to put others on guard against
such sharpers- EXCELSIOR GLOVE COMPANY,
By S. FEAR, Manager. 413 Market Street.
San Francisco, Jan. 4, 1898.
truly, the story of the Bulletin's shame,
supported by an array of "exhibits"
sufficient to convict. It shows a depth
of degradation to which few papers
have ever fallen, and it shows a stu
pidity dense beyond comprehension.
For what shall it profit a bunko sharp
if he try to skin the whole world, and
the world rising up, club in hand, re
fuse to be skun?
PERSONAL PRORPETY TAXES
Supreme Court Upholds Assessoi
Sicbe ir> the Rode Case.
The Supreme Court has rendered an
interesting decision, in whirh the law
is laid down that the Assessor of the
city and county has the right to seize
personal property and sell the same
without allowing the time necessary
in such proceedings where realty is
concerned. The matter came up in the
case of C. B. Rode and others against
John D. Siebe as Assessor. In March,
ISSS, the Assessor made his returns,
showing that Rode and others were
the owners of personal property, but
no real estate, subject to taxation for
the ensuing year. Siebe demanded the
payment of the tax and threatened to
seize and sell if payment were not
made. To prevent the threatened
seizure and sale Rode began an action
to enjoin the Assessor from taking
such a step. The Superior Court re
fused to grant the injunction and an
appeal was taken to the Supreme
Court.
Rode conceded the right of the As
sessor to take the steps permitted by
the statute, but not before equaliza
tion or before the levy for the year or
before the beginning of the fiscal year
to which the tax belonged, holding
that to do so was unconstitutional and ;
a violation of the laws of taxation. The
Judgment of the lower court was sus
tained by four of the Justices, Chief
Justice Beatty writing the prevailing
opinion, in which he says:
But where a taxpayer has no real prop
erty, or none sufficient to pay the pay
ment of his taxes, the Assessor is re
quired to collect them at the time of
making his assessment, and In case of
failure to pay to sell sufficient of the
property of the delinquent to make the
amount of the tax, with costs. As this
collection must be enforced before the
meeting of either the Board of Equaliza
tion and before the rate for the ensuing
year is ascertained and the levy made, it
is provided that it shall be made accord
ing to the rate levied the previous year.
and as this may be— and generally is—
greater or less than the subsequent levy
for the current year, provision is made
for refunding to the taxpayer any excess
in the collection and for the payment by
him of any deficiency.
He also argues that a person so dis
posed could leave the State and not
pay any tax at all. Justices Henshaw,
Temple, Garoutte and McFarland con
cur.
Justices Van Fleet and Harrison
NEW TO-DAY.
During this entire month and prior to
our SEMI-ANNUAL STOCK-TAKING,
which takes place January ; 31, 1898, we
will offer our entire stock of WINTER
GOODS at greatly REDUCED PRICES.
We call SPECIAL ATTENTION to the
following bargains :
NOVELTY SILK BROCADES, an elegant assortment, 7Ep
in fancy Annure effects I Ju Yard
Regular Pric.e $1.23
NOVELTY TWO-TONED BROCADED SATINS, medium 0 1.00
and light colorings, extra heavy qualities ... 01 Yard
Former Price $1.50 and $2.00
NOVELTY DRESS GOODS, a large variety in checks, OCp
fancy weaves and mixtures ; LJ v Yarfl
; -ij Worth 40c and 50c yard
LADIES' FANCY SILK SKIRTS, in a good variety OE.OO
• .of styles and extra sizes 0 J Each
Worth $7.50 each
HANDSOME CHENILLE PORTIERES, extra quality,
fringed ends, in olives, blues, reds, nile, browns tfjQ.so
and tans .*..-. \>L Pair
Worth $3.50 pair
SENUINE DOMET TENNIS FLANNEL, best quality,
new designs, in dark, medium and light otp
colorings • • • U4U Yard
•; ;*--: Regular price 10c Yard
3MNCH PRINTED INDIA CASHMERE, all dark fjlp
grounds and fine quality U4U Yard
° Worth 12H yard
uTJj— ;
: :
NOTE— AII Remnants of Plain, Plaid and Novelty
Dress Goods, and all odd dress lengths, marked down to
about one-half former prices.
•TEJijErE'iioisrE] grant ia-4,
111. 113. 115, lIT. 119. 121 POST STREET.
wrote dissenting opinions in which
they contended that it is not fair to
make the owner of personal property
pay his taxes many months and per
haps a year before those who pay on
realty It deprives him of the use of
his money. and it would be
equivalent to depriving him of
his money. In other words, he will
have to pay more taxes than the other.
They further take the position that
surh a system will press particularly
heavy on the poor who do not own real
estate.
HOUSEWARMING DEL AYED
The San prarjeisco Club Soot) to
Occupy Its Elegarjt New
Quarters.
The Pan Francisco Club, recently or
ganized and embracing within its mem
bership the very cream of this city's
commercial and professional men, ex
pected to take possession of its new
quarters in the Claus Spreckels build
ing at noon to-day, but owing to un
avoidable delay in the completion of
arrangements a short postponement is
inevitable.
The club will occupy the entire floor
beneath the dome. Its quarters will
be not only commodious, but sumptu
ous in the extreme. They will com
prise a thoroughly appropriate home
for a social organization, of which the
city will undoubtedly have reason to
feel very proud.
Due announcement will be made of
the fact when the date for occupancy
of the new quarters has been definitely
decided upon.
A NEW YEAR'S RESOLUTION
Is Going Away, Though Not to the I
Klondike.
This is the time to make New Year's
resolutions and carry them out, and that
is what Charles Lyons is doing. He has
decided to sell off the whole of the stock
at his store, 1212 and 1214 Market street,
above Taylor, and transfer the business
of that house to his other two stores. The
goods at above address, 1212 and 1214
Market street, are offered for sale at
about half the usual prices, and must be all
sold out at once. Suits to order at $9 75
usual price $20; trousers to order, $3 75.
worth double the money. This is true
business, and by purchasing now you
make a fine investment. There is' a
$20,000 stock of all kinds of goods too
numerous to mention, all to be slaugh
tered, as Lyons will not take anything
away from the store when it closes up.*
Granted a Divorce.
Agnes Campbell was yesterday granted
a divorce from Boyd Campbell by Judge
Bahrs on the ground of failure to pro
vided. The plaintiff was allowed to re
sume her maiden name, Agnes Castor.
Coughs and colds cured; Low's Hore
hound Cough Syrup; 10c. 417 Sansome st»
NEW TO-DAY.
The only genuina Hunyai: Watap
KunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER
FOX
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Wat;rs." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hittishMedicalJourHn'
CAUTION: See thai the label
bears the signature of the firm
Andreas Saxlehner.
Furniture-Carpets. ;
PONDER OVER THIS t
Houses Furnished Completely,
O^.SH f or
LITTLE-AT-A-TIME PAYMENTS.
J.NOONAN,
1017-1019-1021-1023 Mission St.,
516-518-520-522 Minna St.,
fiBOVE SIXTH ST.
Telephone, South 14. Open Evenings.
Freud's Corset House
SPECIAL SALE'OF CORSETS
200 DOZEN LADIES* PERFECT-
FITTING FRENCH MODEL
BLACK AND DRAB CORSETS!
REDUCED FROM $1.75 TO $1.
100 dozen Perfect-Fitting Black and '
Drab, regular price $1.50, will be closed
at 75c. SEDP^
_ ■ _ _j
— i © tr^^mi^m^ m 3
CORSETS MADE TO ORDER AND-
REPAIRED. FIT GUARANTEED.
lORSETS MADE TO ORDER AND
REPAIRED. FIT GUARANTEED.
latl orders receive prompt attention,
Illustrated Catalogue mailed tree.
M. FREUD & SON,
742-744 Market ; St. and 10-12 Grant are.
1 PERFECTION.:. PREVAILS!
| CUISINE fSERYICE |
* .-. _ IN, THE— *
% LADIES' GRILL*
fSt PALACE.
• Direct Entrance from Market Street. %'
I WFAk MPN CAN BE CURED FREE
IItMN lilLll by writing
THE PHYSICIANS' INSTITUTE,
196 7 Masonic Temple, Chicaco. IIL