VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 49.
THE FIRST FRUIT
OF THE STRUGGLE
FOR CITY WATER
LOS ANCELES
PEOPLE ARE
NOT FOOLED
Company's Offer to
Sell Not in Good
Faith.
Same Old Cry Has Been
Raised Many a Time
Before.
■When the Corporation Is
Pressed It Makes Pretense
of Yielding.
TO BIND CHAINS CLOSER.
Mayor Snyder "Will Not Stop Until the
People Have Worked Their
Will.
LOS ANGELES. Jan. 17.— The publi
cation in The Call this morning of the
position in which the city of Los An
geles finds Itself, as regards the public
ownership of a water distributing
plant, has already borne fruit. This is
despite the fact that the paper contain
ing the first comprehensive review of
the matter that has ever been printed
has not yet reached this city.
- At 10:10 this morning a messenger
/ arrived at the City Hall in breathless
 ■■♦haste. He carried in his hand a letter
\ Addressed: "Hon. F. M. Nickell. chair
pan of the Water Supply CommiUee."
i. The messenger was in a great hurry to
/ find Councilman Nickell. He delivered
. f the message and a few minutes there
|'; after Mr. Nickeil; as chairman of the .
\ ; »»KVater Supply Committee, submitted to
;\ the Council the following communica
'-.* tion from the City Water Company:
i ' "We received your note of December 29,
m 1897. and have been desirous of making
™ reply thereto at the earliest moment
practicable.
"We have submitted to the attorneys of
the water companies, who are here in the
city, the question of how to approach this
matter in the event we can agree upon .
prices. The legal difficulties of carrying
that agreement into effect are. as we are
advised, considerable, and it is our de- !
elre, at the same time we negotiate with
you as to terms,- to also negotiate with
you as to the mode of carrying our con- :
elusions into effect, should' we come to
conclusions.
"One of our attorneys is absent, but
•will return shortly, and If agreeable to
your committee we would like to have .
. you meet a representative or representa- i
tives to be appointed by the companies \
In a short time for the purpose of con- )
sidering these questions. Senator White,
one of the attorneys, will be In the city ■
some time about the middle of February,
and we should like to have matters in ,
such shape that he. In connection with i
our attorneys here, may determine on the
legal proceedings to bring matters be- I
tween us to a conclusion.
"Representatives will be appointed by
the boards of directors and we shall in
form you at once who they are, and a !
time can be arranged to get together and '
discuss the plans of procedure, and that it
may be submitted to the attorneys for the i
respective parties for their consideration :
' as to Its legal feasibility.
"We desire also, if -we can agree- upon !
terms, to bring the. matter to a conclusion i
at once, and to that end we are working
■with our stockholders and endeavoring to
get the consent of all of them that will
authorize us to carry the transaction Into ;
effect as soon as the proceedings neces
sary for that purpose can be taken; and
•we have strong hopes that in th*» course
of the next five or six weeks we shall
have the consent of all of them.
c "S. H. MOTT, Secretary."
This communication is the first result
of The Call's exposition of the local wa
ter situation. As soon as The Call ap
peared on the streets of San Francisco
this morning, the secretary here was
immediately informed by wire of what
M it contained. It was then that the
" characteristic communication* given
above was forwarded to the Council,
post-haste. The people of Los Angeles,
however, thoroughly understand the
"Water Company's tactics, and this
•\.' communication carries absolutely no
•'.■•-■' . -weight whatever.
The popular feeling is most concisely
stated by Mayor M. P. Snyder, who In
talking about the latest communication
•'■'.'■ this evening said:
"It Is but Illustrative of the methods
of the Water Company In the past in
blocking the will of the people. They
have always claimed they were ready
and desirous of bringing about nego
tiations whereby the i.'lty would come
into possession of its plant at any early
date. Then, through their news
papers, attorneys and understrappers
generally, they have always imme
diately set about to block every possi
ble settlement which could be obtained.
In this latest communication, . which
hns been sent forth, and which in mV
Judgment is the result of The Call's
work, there is absolutely nothing sew.
Whenever we have in the past succeed
ed In getting matters down to a point
where the Water Company was com
pelled to <lo something, it has invaria
bly set forth that some o^e or the other
of its attorneys was absent from the
city, and that for that reason it could
not proceei. The directors now claim
that Senator "White is away and that
thf-refore they are privileged to delay
matters. They all knew White was go
ing to be absent from the city during
the session of Congress, and it is prob
able he will continue to be away for
B orne time to come, as this is th« long
session of Congress.
"Put this water question has got to
The San Francisco Call
STOCKHOLDERS OF THE LOS ANGELES WATER
COMPANY.
be settled, and the water company
must secure attorneys who will be pres
ent. The directors have about exhaust
ed excuses on that line. I am just as
confident now that the water company
has no more intention of entering into
negotiations in pood faith with the city
than it has of deeding its property to a
charity, as I was a year ago.
"We have been striving ever since I
went into office to get the company
down to business. But It has delayed
and procrastinated and put matters off.
It has muzzled the daily press and pre
vented the people gaining any accurate
information as to what the situation as
to- municipal ownership was. Every ef
fort we have made to do something for
the people in this matter the Times,
Herald and Express have ridiculed and
made light of. In the Council the wa
ter company's forces are strongly or
ganized and held well in hand.
"The corporation is playing for a
stake of a million and a half, and It can
afford to- effect many combinations to
carry Its point. Everything is being
carefully looked after by the manipu
lators.
"Now that The Call has determined
to give the people of Los Angeles a
hearing in the settlement of this great
and important question, which means
so much for the municipality, we have
renewed hope of our ability to protect
the people's" interest?. Tbe communi
cation that was put tn to-day by Sec
retary Mott is a Jumble of words ab
solutely without meaning. It was evi
dently written in great haste, and is
the first recognition by the water com
pany of The Call's labor."
One of the men who was foremost In
pushing the petition asking the Coun
cil to call a special election to vote
bonds so that the city could build a
water distributing plant of its own in
dependent of the city water company's
trust was A. W. Fisher, a well-known
business man and taxpayer. Mr. Fish
er has always been an ardent and con
sistent advocate of municipal owner
ship of the water plant, and to a Call
correspondent he this evening gave his
views of the matter as follows:
"The city water company claims per
fect willingness to bring to a conclu
sion the negotiations whereby the mu
nicipality is to acquire the plant. I
have arrived at the conclusion that It
don't contemplate anything of the kind.
It is not now, and never has been, deal
ing in good faith with the city. The
water company people claim they are
willing to give up if a fair price is
awarded them for their rusty streaks
NEWS OF THE day..
Weather forecast for San Fran
cisco: Fair on Tuesday: continued
cold weather; northwesterly winds.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four hours:
San Francisco 62 degrees
Portland 46 agrees
Los Angeles 66 degrees
San Diego 68 degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Los Angeles Water Fight.
Great Riots In Paris.
President Dole In America,
SECOND PAGE.
Cotton Bplnner* Quit Work.
Los Angeles School Scandal.
Only Harness Horses Go at Chicago.
THIRD PAGE.
Cuban Insurgents Gain Victory.
Killed In a Santa Fe Tunnel.
A Father's Awful Crime.
Old Man Burned to Death.
Judge Denounces Grand Juries.
Million In Gold From Klondike.
FOURTH PAGE.
Congress at Work.
San Mateo Wants a Boulevard.
FIFTH PAOB.
Fenders for One Car Una. '.
How nr"nwn.y Sawn Wood.
News of the Water Front.
Charged With Hotel-Beatlnjr.
Suicide of a Society Vocalist.
BIXTB PAGE.
Editorial.
The Lo* Angeles Water War.
The Useful Injunction.
Chinese Immigration.
Judge Campboll's Jokes.
The Grand Boulevard.
A Sinecure and an Incubus.
Stories From the Corridors.
Letters and Queries.
SEVENTH PAGE.
Status of the" Police Courts.
The City's New Ferry Depot.
. EIGHTH PAGE.
Unraveling the Berkeley Mystery.
Nearlng the Golden Jubilee.
NINTH PAGE.
Judge I»>w on His Mettle.
Work of the Supervisors.
Spanjer and Kelly Matched.
TENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
ELEVENTH PAGE. .
Nsws From Over the Bay. -
TWELFTH PAGE.
Racing in the Mud."'. !
THIRTEENTH PAGE.
Births. Marriages and Deaths.
FOURTEENTH PAGE.
New Bills at the Theaters.
More Klondike Adventurers.
SAX FRANCISCO, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
of Iron pipe. What they mean by that
is that if the people will submit to a
robbery of $1,800,000, they will consent
to retire. They want us to pay $3,000,
000 for a plant that is at a liberal esti
mate not worth over $1,200,000.
"It is perhaps true that they would
be perfectly willing to have a bond
election called to vote bonds to pay
them this exorbitant figure for their
old junk. They know, and we all know,
that the people would not consent to
pay any such figure for the plant, and
the bond scheme would be defeated.
This is what the water company wants
done. They would certainly herald
the result far and near as evidence of
the f.ict that the voters of Los An-
F-l« s had pronounced against munici
pal ownership of a water plant.
"The truth of the matter is nine
teen-twentieths of the people of this
community are a unit for it. and they
propose to have It. Hut, at the same
time, they will not consent to any
proposition that consummates a cold
blooded hold-up of a million and a half
or more. The net Income of the
water company is about J.", 00.000 per
year. They can afford to spend $200.
(>oo or 5300. <X>0 per annum for a long
period of years delaying this matter
and holding off. Then their Idea Is
that they can at an parly date get a
Council and Mayor who will renew
their lease for a long term. This will
give them another opportunity to sand
bag the water consumers and accumu
late millions. The present plant is ob
viously Inadequate to the wants of the
city, as every consumer knows. The
mains are Inadequate as to size, and
the system is for a village and not a
great city. One of the great desidera
ta to be obtained by municipal own
ership is a plant fully and amply ade
quate to a city's needs.
"It Is now a year since I actively
took this matter up. I looked upon
it as a part of my duty as a citizen
and I am going to stay with it to the
end. During the past twelve months,
though, we who have been honestly
striving for municipal ownership have
met with many discouragements. Un
derstand, we do not desire or advocate
the taking of anything trnm the City
Water Company that belongs to it
without giving it value for every dol
lar. We are willing to be liberal with
th<» corporation, but we are not in fa
vor of being robbed.
"One of the great obstacles we have
met with has been the combination ex
isting among the three daily pppers.
They have all— the Time*, Herald anil
Express— been as one in their policy of
protecting the water company in this
all-Important controversy. They have
refused absolutely to give any one who
'stood for the people a hearing. All
avenues of reaching tho people in or
der to inform them as to the gravity of
the situation have been cut off. The
newspaper combine has been all-pow
erful, and any Intelligent discussion of
this question has been tabooed. This
has made It very difficult to keep the
masses informed, but, now that The
Call has taken up the matter, we are
going to be released from the news
paper thralldom which has held us
down. We want The Call to give full
Justice to the Water Company's side
of the case, and we know that It will.
But at the same time we shall expect
it to do what the syndicated dally pa
pers of Los Angeles have not done —
that If. to keep the people Informed
as to th'-lr side of the case and to let
them know when their rights are In
jeopardy.
"The public officials chosen at the
last municipal election were all pledged
solemnly to do everything in their pow
•er to effect' municipal ownership. Of
nine Councilmen, only two have kept
their pledges. The other seven h.-f*e
', equivocated and shuffled around until
i the people do not know where they
stand. Councilman Nickel], as chair
j man of the Water Supply Committee,
| has exhibited unpardonable weakness,
while Councilman Toll, as a member of
that committee, has rather acted ns a
1 special pleader for the Water Company
than otherwise. And so I might go on
and enumerate.
"I superintended the circulation of
the petition asking the Council to call
a special election to vote bonds to build
an Independent plant. I talked with
hundreds of citizens and taxpayers
then, and I know the sentiment of the
people. They ar« in deadly earnest In
this matter.
"We realize that we have a hard
fiKht on hand, but we are enlisted for
it, and we are going to stay with it to
the end. Thus far we have received no
aid, support or help of any kind or
character in this contest f«>r the people
from the League for Better City Gov
ernment. We did not look for any help
from that organization and we have
not been dloappointed."
BATTLES OF
ANARCHISTS
AND STUDENTS
Anti-Dreyfus Riots in
Several French
Cities.
Wild Scene of Disorder
at the Tivoli Vaux
hall Meeting.
i
Mad Mobs in the Streets of
Paris Charged by the
Troops.
MILITARY CLUBS GUARDED
| That Never Ending Army Scandal
Threatens to Cause a Social
Revolution.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
PARIS, Jan. 17.— A great anti-Drey
fus and antl-Pemltic meeting at the
Tivoli Vauxhall produced extraordinary
scenes. The neighborhood was pa
trolled by police, mounted and on foot,
and the rapidly growing crowd in
creased the excitement. At 9 o"clock,
on the opening of the meeting, the hall
was a seething sea of humanity, crowd
ing every part, gesticulating, shouting,
"A bas Zola," "Vive lArmee," and
"Vive revolution soclale." The members
of the anti-Semitic committee display
ed banners bearing the words, "Death
to the Jews," and wore lnscripti s. It
was soon seen that the 5000 present
consisted largely of anarchists and
others bent on opposing the students.
On M. Guerin, the president, propos
ing that the honorary presidency be
conferred upon 11. Rochefort and M.
Drumont, a groat uproar ensued, the
anarchists trying to wrench the ban
ners from the anti-Semitics. Scuffles
took place, in which two of the officials
were injured.
M. Thiebaud delivered an address de
nouncing the Jews and urging the
meeting to support the Government.
Tumults and fights for the banners
contlued. with shouting, - .whlstllnir and
Kinging of the Marsel'l^i^i «. 1 th- Car
magnole, while M- Thiebaud proceeded
In a violent speech declaring that the
Dreyfus scandal was the commence
ment of a social revolution by "a band
of scoundrels desiring to overthrow
everything In order to raise a traitor."
The scene now became a saturnalia.
The anarchists removed the iron stair
case giving access to the tribune, so
that the committee was unable to de
scend. Free fights began around the
flaps. Finally the students, rhased the
anarchists out of the hall. The organ
izers of the mooting then seized the
flags decorating the hall ami arranged
a rendezvous at the military club, cry
ing "Vice l'Armee."
The hall partially emptied, but soon
the anarchists returned and. breaking
open the great doors, began further
flighting. It is alleged that several were
injured. Finally the students were van
quished and the anarchists were mas
ters of the situation. The meeting
broke up and the anarchists replaced
the ladder and invaded the tribune, led
by M. Curtois. flourishing a red flag
and all shouting, "Conspu<>z Rochefort"
(spit upon Rochefort) and "Long live
Zola."
The disturbance continued, the anar
chists declaiming from the tribune
against the army and acclaiming Drey
fus. Some of the injured people were
carried out with their faces covered
with blood.
Tho interest was now transferred to
thf» atreeta. where th*» police had been
reinforced by tho Republican guards.
At 10 o'clock this evening large bodies
of students, flourishing the tricolor and
shouting, "Vive l'Armee," proceeded in
PRESIDENT DOLE
the direction of th* Military Club In
the Avenue de l'Opero.
The troops cleared the place de la Re
publique and charged the bodies of stu
dents. A large force is protecting the
Military Club.
Several were arrested. The demon
strators then proceeded shouting, "Con
PRESIDENT DOLE
NOT DULY SALUTED
UPON HIS ARRIVAL
MRS. SANFORD B. DOLE.
epuez Zola" to the offices of the Temps,
the Aurore and the Libre Parole, but
the police again dispersed them. Near
midnight 500 students, led by M. Mille
voye, assembled at the Military Club,
but they met with the same fate. In
the melee some were wounded and
others arrested. Ultimately M. Mille
voye obtained permission of the police
to march before the club crying, "Vive
l'Armee."
By midnight those who had been ar
rested were released and quiet had
been restored In the Palace de l'Opera.
There were only trifling manifestations
elsewhere.
M. Blanc, the Prefect of Police, has
personally taken the direction of the
men who- were protecting the Military
Club, through fear of further trouble.
Telegrams from various provincial
towns r.port student manifestations at
Marseilles, where the windows of Jew
ish citizens WCIC broken.
At Nantes there have been some at
tacks on shops and the synagogue.
The crowd rescued those who were ar
rested.
The events of the past few days are
beginning to produce a feeling of panic
in Jewish circles. Both tht> business
and private houses of the Rothschilds
and other wealthy Jews are guarded by
special detectives and gendarmes, for
fear the crufade produce a sudden pop
ular outbreak.
A heavy fog settled over the city this
afternoon and made it difficult to as
certain until late exactly what had
happened. It ceems that, fearing dis
orders, a large body of police moved in
the direction of the Pantheon about 4
o'clock and barred the bridges across
the Seine. Half an hour later the stu-
OF HAWAII IN HIS
dents. Issuing from their lecture-rooms,
filled the Place de Pantheon. An agi
tated crowd shouting, "Conspuez Zo
la," and raisins other cries, moved in
the direction of the bridges. Several
attempts to cross the river were frus
trated, but eventually a large number
reached the Place de la Republique. In
one case the crowd stopped in front of
a shop that bore the name "Levi,"
shouting:, "Death to the Jews. Let us
pillage, let us pillage." The students
at the rear, ignorant of the cause of
the delay, pushed on, and the mass
continued its onward course, after at
tempts in various directions to reach
the principal boulevards, always frus
trated by the police. Many were ar
rested. The students were now joined
by the riff-raff of the city, but llnally
desisted until evening.
The students, having the sympathy of
the authorities, were treated with sig
nal forbearance by the police, who only
kept them within necessary bounds.
According to some accourts. twenty
people were wounded in the cavalry
chars* outside the Tivoli Hall, which
the police eventually clear*!. The fin
prisoned committee in the tribune was
unable to make Itself heard and hung
out a placard announcing that the pro
ceedings were closed.
There is no doubt that the policy of
the Government is beginning to be
strongly assailed. General Billot. Min
ister r>f War, is especially the abject of
attack and the smallness of the major
ity in the Chamber of Deputies to-day
indicates the waning of M. Maine's in
fluence.
The Cabinet was only saved from de
feat by the votes of Monarchists and
Boulanglsts. The Libre Parole accuses
General Billot of illegally spending 150.
000 francs of the war office funds in
bribing the press during the present
crisis.
A special service of police has been
organized around the residence of Ma
thleu Dreyfus.
Le Soir asserts that M. Zola will call
Continued on Second Page.
VARYING MOODS.
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ANNOYING
OFFICIAL
OVERSIGHT
Does Not Disturb the
Hawaiian Ruler
at All.
Talks Pleasantly of Hi 3
Mission to Gentlemen
of the Press.
He Says He Has Not Coma
Here to Lobby for An
nexation.
HIS VISIT IS ADVISORY.
Wants the Islnnds Annexed and Will
Do What He Can to That
End.
?282888282828888 88 82828882?582^*2
88 88
S3 NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— A spe- 52
** cial from " Washington to the 88
?8 Post says: The reported arrival 82
82 In San Francisco of President 82
S3 Dole of the Hawaiian Republic 88
88 is not regarded by annexation- 52
8* ists here as a matter of concern. S3
S3 There is a feeling that It might 88
S3 be best for Mr. Dole to remain 82
*. away from Washington until the 82
S3 discussion over the treaty is 82
8* ended. His presence might S3
!88 arouse antagonism, and such in- 88
i formation as he has to impart S3
', 82 can be given at long range Just 88
,Si as well. Pro-Hawaliaris will, It %
82 . is said, be governed by th« desire »3
82 of the administration . spokesman j S3
|82 as to .what course to pursue. 82
58 ■ : ■■ ■ . ' ■" ' 88
U S2 28 SS 82 888888888285828288828888
There were several embarrassing cir
cumstances connected with the arrival
of President Sanford B. Dole of Hawaii
yesterday morning, but they did not
seem to ruffle his usual good temper or
Inconvenience him in any manner, ex
cept that he did not know Just how to
act. The President's wife accompanies
him.
Heretofore the arrival of potentates
from the distant islands o-f the sea has
been the occasion of burning a great
deal of Government powder by firing a
salute. In the case of the President of
Hawaii there was nothing whatever to
indicate that a person of rank had ar
rived.
The few people who got aboard the
Peru told Mr. Dole Market street was
decorated; that General Shatter had
been instructed to meet him with an
escort, and that his reception was to
be a brilliant one. Accordingly, news
was sent to the Mail dock that the
President of Hawaii was going to leave
the steamer in a tug and land at the
Clay-street float, whence he was
to drive uptown under the waving flags
that had been strung across Market
street in his honor.
A long hour was the Peru detained
in the stream awaiting the salute that
never came from the guns on Black
Point: then when the news reached the
steamer that the flags were flying in
honor of the Golden Jubilee the anchor
of the Peru was raised, and a start was
made for the Mail dock.
When the steamer got alongside the
wharf Lieutenant Noble, aid-de-camp
to General Shafter, went aboard and
proffered his services, and that was the
nearest approach to a military escort
the President of Hawaii got. The only
carriage to met him was one sent down
by the proprietor of the Occidental Ho
tel, and into it Mr. Dole got hurriedly
and was driven away. Once at the ho
tel the President was as accessible aa
the humblest citizen. Though weary
from the Journey and crowded with
work which he had laid out for the day.
he granted representatives of the press
an interview. To every question he
gave a clear and courteous answer,
saying that there was nothing to hide,
and that there was no secret mean
ing to his visit.
"It was the sense of the officers of the
Government." said the Chief Executive
of Hawaii, "that I make a visit to the
Chief Executive of this country for the
purpose of discussing with him va
rious phases of the proposed treaty
with Hawaii. I do not come here as a
special pleader for annexation, nor
shall I appear before any Congressional
committees. It would not be a very
proper thing for me to do. The pro-
I posed treaty has been ratified by my
; Government. If it is finally ratified by
the United States Senate in the pres-
e nt shape, or with immaterial amend
ments, there are a great many little
questions that will have to be settled.
Something will have to be arranged as
regards the form of government that
will be maintained during the period
between the ratification of the treaty
by this Government and the period
'■ when Hawaii will finally be turned over
jto the United States. For example, all
suits would have to run in the name
iof the United States. It would have to
be arranged in detail what would be
I the status of the Hawaiian Islands2
during the transition period. I desire
to be In "WnEhhisrtori long enough to be
of some service to the Executive of this
country and to the Hawaiian Lega
tion. 11
The President disclaims any desire
to appear before any committee In an
offensive way, and he thinks it would
not be wise to appear before any legis
lative body at all. Speaking of the eti
quette of the situation, he said:
"I do not suppose I am really wanted
In Washington, but this question of an
nexation is d<^e to my heart, and it is
my desire t<> servo my country In any
way that I can. I shall not become a
pleader for the cause, but I want to be
here ready to expedite matters all T
can if the treaty becomes the policy of
this country."
The President is not hoastful repard
ine: the probabilities of the case. n"r
does h<> make such extravagant claims
as some of the more bitter annexatlon
ists. Tn response to a question as to
the sentiment of the natives on the
BUbject, he said:
"Tt won !<l be a very difficult matter
to Bay what proportion of the natives
are opposed to annexation. I think the
more advanced and intelligent favor
the treaty with the United States. Of
course there are a great many who op
pose it, and who are bitter in their
sentiment?. T believe it may be said
that most of the white people of the isl
ands are in favor of the treaty, as it
now is. or of something of substan
tially the same character. It is gener
ally understood that there would be
some such government, for a time at
least, as that which is now common in
the case of Territories of the United
- before they are admitted to full
statehood."
President Dole denies that he comes
to this country clothed with any un
usual powers relative to assenting to
amendments of the treaty. He says
he might advise the Government of
this country almut what would be ac
coptible to his own people, but his
opinions would in no manner be bind
ing.
"I hope to be In San Francisco three
or four days." he said, "but the pro
gramme has not yet been definitely ar
ranged. I hope to visit President Mc-
Kinley while in Washington, though no
official correspondence has passed be
tween us on the subject."
President Dole spent the day quietly
at th» hotel. He was called on during
the afternoon by General Shafter and
his staff.
President Dole and party occupied a
box at the Baldwin this evening and
witnessed the performance of "The
Man From Mexico." His box was
rated with the Hawaiian and
American flags and he was the cyno
sure of all eyes. In the third act the
portieres were Hawaiian flags and the
ladies in the cast wore the colors of
th<- Paradise of the Pacific.
Mayor Phelan has extended an invi
tation to President Dole to take break
fast with him to-morrow morning at
the Pacific Union Club. Governor Budd
has been invited to be one of the
guests.
DOLE LOTH TO TALK
UPON HIS MISSION
TO THIS COUNTRY.
Says at Honolulu He Is Going to Washing
ton to See President McKinley, but De
nies That He Has Been Invited.
HONOLULU, Jan. 7.— Before depart
ing from Honolulu President Dole
courteously broke through an accepted
understanding controlling high digni
taries and accorded to The Call cor
respondent a brief interview this after
noon.
"I do not desire," said Dole, "to talk
to the newspapers here or in the States
about my mission. I am going to
morrow most certainly, and when once
I have arrived in California I shall de
cline most positively to talk to the
gentlemen of the press. Good-by. I
shall not be away long."
This was said in that pleasantly
paternal style of "God bless you. my
dear boy, be good and you'll be
happy." for Mr. Dole's gray 'hair and
full whiskers give him a grandfatherly
appearance scarcely coinciding with a
leisurely life of only fifty-three years.
"Don't you think. Mr. President, that
it would be advisable and pleasant for
you to let The Call publish the fact
and motive of your mission. It might,
you know, aid in relieving you from
embarrassment and annoyance on your
Journey, for of course when our irre
pressible friends abroad learn that you
are not to be interviewed they will
leave you severely alone It is their
invariable custom in California."
"WelL" said he, "1 don't know but
that I might say M The Call that I am
going to Washington to see and talk
to President McKinley and his ad
ministration as the representative of
the Government of the republic of Ha
waii and of this community."
He laid great stress on the expres
sion "of this community," and at the
suggestion of the words "annexation
ists" or "country" repeated, "Of this
community. I go to discuss matters
connected with the annexation of this
country to the United States, and to
place before the President our views
and to show him very good reasons
whs should be promptly annexed. I
sha.l further discuss with him the con
duct of affairs and arrangements to be
made after we are annexed. That is
about all. Of course I shali do my best
to make my mission successful, as I
thoroughly believe it will be. Please
say to The Call, and it applies to all
newspapers, that I shall firmly decline
to speak to their representatives. It
would not be quite proper for me to
talk on this matter when once on my
journey. Good-by."
"There is an impression in town, Mr.
President, that you go to Washington
as a sequence of an invitation or a
suggestion from President McKinley,
members of his Cabinet or persons so
closely allied to him as to anticipate
his wishes. Is this so?"
Very forcibly, and with a slight show
of feeling. Dole promptly answered:
"Most absolutely not. Please contra
dict that impression. I have received
no communication from Mr. HcKinley
whatever, nor have I had any corre
spondence with him or any one con
nected with his administration I go
at the request of the Council of State
the Cabinet and of those who, with us!
believe that annexation is for the best
Interests of Hawaii. My Government
and those associated with us think that
it will be advantageous for me to thor
oughly discuss the subject with the
President in all its bearings, conse
quently I shall go. Please state that
this action emanated in Honolulu and
not in Washington. It is entirely our
own policy and free from any sugges
tion from the administration. I do not
expect to be away from home more
than two months, but I cannot toll how
long it may be. Mrs. Dole may accom
pany me for part of my journey. And
now good-by until to-morrow."
Be this as it may, the annexation
camp is fairly divided on the expedi
ency and policy of the President's de
parture. It is now well known that,
while his mission was sanctioned by a
tacitly unanimous vote, this was ob
tained only through a deferential sac
rifice of opinion to the personal wishes
of the President, and the necessity in
the present crisis of the conflict of pa
rading a semblance of absolute solidity
of forces. It Is admitted by them thtu
this hi the (strongest trump card that
the anr.exr.l'or.ists can play and that if
the President canr.ct win th>- trick then
their situation is forlorn Indeed.
Perhaps the general Impression is
correct that had not J. O. Carter de
j elded last month to go to Washington,
| President Dole would have remained at
home for the opening of the Legisla
ture next month. This of course is de
nied by the organ of the Annexation
Club, which claims that Mr. Carter
went because Mr. Dole is going. This
is putting the cart before the horse. It
further asserts, on a baseless founda
tion, that Mr. Carter carried with him a |
"sack" of nearly $40,090 to be "used in i
opposition to annexation and Hawaii's
best interests." It states that $10,000
came from one house, and members of
the club credit this to an English firm.
j The story Is too absurd to contradict
i authoritatively, although if money is
j wanted for legitimate expenses it will
j doubtless be found.
This being the sorrowful anniversary
; of the sad events of 18!*.". the annexa- I
; tionists' press is "rubbing it in" on the
I unfortunate misguided Hawaiian* and
I others who were victimized and misled
j by a rriysterious combination, the se- ;
j orets of which some day may be di
■ vulged, and which it is honestly be
. lieved by many are known to some of
I those who benefited by Its failure. This
• is not the way to promote harmony and
j peace in a community in which, not- 1
! withstanding the essential differences
i in political opinion at this juncture of ;
i our affairs, all are desirous of being
friendly and of trusting to fate to set
everything right. Fortunate is it that
j the political press does not echo the
! sentiments of its patrons who are more ;
! sensible. This was fully exemplified «n j
j New Year's day, when all stores. in
cluding the numerous Japanese, were
closed, th' 1 town deserted and all went '>
| merry holiday making on the bay, at
I the cricket fields, at baseball or at Cy
| clomere Park, with luaus and dances
j innumerable.
The Irrepressible little Anti-Annex
ation Journal is keeping th.- town in
roars of laughter by its parodies and
sarcasms on the Presidential "junket
ing trip." It is so rejoiced at what it
believes to ho an error in the policy of
the Government that it is as good na
tured as it is poignant in satire.
Our next holiday is January 17, the
anniversary of the establishment of the
Provisional Government. On that day
the Acting President and Minister of
War. Mr. Cooper, is to review our mili
tary and civil armed forces. L,ot us
hope he will have better weather than
the present storm of rain ar>d wind.
ANNEXATION TREATY
CANNOT BE RATIFED
BY THE SENATE.
And the Chances Are That All Bills and
Joint Resolutions for Taking Hawaii
Will Be Snowed Under
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, Jan. 17.
It is quite apparent now that even
Chairman Davis of the Foreign Rela
tions committee realizes the Hawaiian
annexation treaty will fail to be rati
fied by the Senate. The probabilities
are that he will soon abandon the ef
fort, and that a bill for annexation, or
Senati r Morgan's joint resolution, wiil
be taken up. The anti-annexationists
are confident that the Joint resolution
will not pass the House, although it
would only require a majority vote in
stead of two-thirds. It is believed that
Speaker Reed will oppose the adminis
tration both as to the annexation of
Hawaii and the Cuban policy.
Congressman Amos Cummings of
New York said in an interview to-day:
"The legislation decks are clear, and
each ho-use of Congrcsr. is settling down
to its work. The big committees have
divided themselves into sub-commit
tees, and the process of grinding out
bills for the consideration of the House
is already in operation. On January 3
548S bills and 107 joint resolutions had
been referred to the House committees
and 2918 bills and 77 joint resolutions
to Senate committees. The calendars
are hoppers into which the grist of
these committees is thrown. The House
has already sent two of the givat ap
propriation bills over to the Senate.
They carry $161. ,000; eleven others
fo-llow. . These appropriation bills are
the essential of legislation. Without
them the Government is blocked. When
the difference* concerning them have
been settled by conference committees
and they have passed both hnust-s and
received the signature of the Prt-sident,
Congress will be ready to adjourn. It
is evidently the int'-ntion of leaders in
the House to scale the general appro
priation bills as closely as possible and
to force an adjournment at an early
date. Under the rules other bills car
rying appropriations can be buried
without allowing them to come before
the House. An appropriation bill is a
privileged measure, and it is frequent
ly used to shunt offensive legislation
from the track. It has the right of
way at all times, except when con
fronted by a contested election case or
by a special order from the Committee
on Rules. An appropriation bill can
switch a contested election case from
the track at any time by a vote of the
House, but it requires unanimous con
sent to set aside a special order after
it has once been sanctioned by the
House.
"Bearing this in mind, the question of
annexation of Hawaii becomes inter
esting. If the Senate fails to ratify the
treaty by a two-thirds rote, a bill pro
viding for its annexation will undoubt
edly pass that body. If the leader:- of
the House are opposed to such a bill
they can easily prevent its considera
tion by the House. It may be buried to
the Committee on Foreign Affairs, and
If reported from that committee there
is no way in which the House can con
sider it except by a special order from
the Committee on Rules. In other
words, if Speaker Reed favors the bill
it will pass the House; if he is op;
to it the House will have no opportuni
ty to vote on it. This aptly Illustrates
the eccentricities of a purely represent
ative government. The Cuban ques
tion is in a similar situation. The House
is held up by an application of its own
rules. If three-quarters of the mem
bers favor the recognition of Cuba
would have no opportunity to vote for
it. The Senate resolution is still buried
in the House Committee on Foreign Af
fairs. If this committee should report
it favorably to the House, it is in the
condition of Lord Lovell's wife, who
jumped into a box that closed with a
spring. It could not come up for con
sideration without the usual special or
der. Once on the calendar, it might
be called upon suspension day, provid
ed the Speaker would consent to recog
nize a member of the committee for
this purpose. Then a two-thirds vote
would pass It."
Replying to a resolution of inquiry.
Secretary Wilson sent to-day to the
Senate a statement concerning the pro
duction of sugar in this country, and
his opinion of the effect of the importa
tion of Hawaiian sugar on the produc
tion of beet sugar in the United States.
He gave the average importation of
sugar to this country for the past -
years as $101,575,293 worth, of which the
Hawaiian importation was $9 973 9*>4
Hf concludes that Hawaii will not se'r
iousiy compete with sugar producers
in the United States, and says that
"when the people of those Islands come
to consider the possibilities of coffee
production it will be found that they
wl''. have a monopoly with which no
State in the Union can interfere."
Mr. Wilson also expresses the opinion
that Hawaii would be a very profitable
acquisition, because of its fruits
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
RESISTING
REDUCTION
OF WAGES
Employes of Cotton
Mills Out on a
Strike.
Refuse to Accept the Cut
of Ten Per Cent by
Employers.
Prospect of the Battle Spread
ing Throughout New
England.
MANY PEOPLE AFFECTED
Hundreds of Canadians Who Flock to
This Country Mny Have to He
turn to Their Homes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 17.— The fight between
employers and employes in the New-
England cotton mills is on, and \vhut
it will lead up to cannot be foretold.
The great corporation* in New Bcdf >rd
are silent and thousands of operjtlves
are idle,, while here and there discon
tent has cropped nut all day. the most
serious being at Biddeford. Me., where
3200 persons refused to work, thus clos
ing two mills, and at Lewiston.
where one mill was crippled by 4"<>
weavers staying out. The general wage
reduction is estimated to affect L 2
ins and about 150 mills.
To-night finds the textile operatives
everywhere intently interested in the
New Bedford Struggle, for then
real strength and the endurance will
come, and upon the outcome will de
pend the question of an industrial bat
tle the entire length and breadth <-i
the Now England States. The chief
point in this battle will be discipline.
From the point of view <.f the mill own
er, the New Bedford situation is now a
lockout. Intervention by the State
Board of Arbitration this week is hard
ly to be allowed, and no overt act on
the part of the strikers and no attempt
to open a mill is expected for a num
ber of days.
The New Bedford strikers will receive
strike money from operatives else
where, but the sum total will be re
served until a protracted battle brings
<>n want and hardship, which the
unions wii! then try t<> relieve.
All the New Bedford mills opened at
the usual time. When no help came
in, lights went out, speed stopped, over
nd hands ; i tpared to
make everything snug and mill i
were closed indefinitely. The labor
unions did little work to-day, except to
carry out plans of campaign, which
will be developed only us faint he
weavers seek to retarn to work.
Of the other strikers little had been
developed in them as yet t<> {>■:■
the future. The Laconia and Pepper
ell mill works in Riddefor-1 struck be
cause they were anxious to, while the
■yes in the AmJroseoggin mill.
Lewiston, simply t«..»k mutters into
their own hands, regardless of other de
partments. These two strikes, while
on identical issues, will serve only as
minor fights along the line unless ir-e
strike fever grows and tney become the
nucleus of a general fight in Maine
cities. One other minor right now •■".
is at Hurlington, Vt., where .he Queen
City mills shut down Indefinitely be
cause the operatives refused point
blank to accept the reduction,
trouble, however, began a number of
days ago, but reached the acute stage
to-day.
Taking the day's events throughout
New England, it may eonservatlv?ly
be said that things came to pass just
as expected. It Is the Immediate' fu
ture which awakens apprehensions.
On» feature of the labor troubles
which may manifest itself is the re
turn to th<Mr <'anadian homes by hun
dreds of families who speak French,
who flock to the States in winter to se
cure employment. Following is an
estimate of the number of operatives
affected by the cut down, b;u the ac
tual result win scarcely be t-e«n until
the new schedule of wages is tried:
Knight. Qoddarda <fc Chase mills in
Massachusetts, Rhode Island and Con
necticut. 20,000;. Lowell mills. 15,000;
Lewiston, EOOOj Fall River, 4000; Bidde
ford and Saco, 4'"'<>o : other Maine mills
4000; Nashua. M 00; New Hampshire.'
other than Manchester and Nashua
r County, 5000; Holyoke!
. Vermont, 10.000; miscellaneous'
MOO.
NEW BEDFORD, Mass., Jan. 17.— A
shut-down, the most complete in the
history of the cotton mills of New Bed
ford, began this morning. Not ■ spin
dle was turning nor a loom in motion
in the factories of the cloth corpora
tions an hour after the usual time of
beginning work. Betwen forty and
fifty operatives went inter Bristol mill
and twenty-five or thirty into the
Whitman, but. aside from these, no
mill made any show of running, and
these two soon shut down. Nine cor
porations, operating eighteen mills, in
which upward of f>ooo hands are era
ployed, are involved in the strike. The
cut is uniform all over the city— lo per
cent. The tctal payroll of those cor
porations is estimated at $70,000 weekly.
First add Resist Reduction
WOOXSOOKET. R. 1.. Jan. 17.— The
2300 people employed In th» Social
Globe and Nourse Mills of the Social
Manufacturing Company and the <"lin
ton mill in this city went to work at
reductions of wages averaging, it is
stated, about 10 per cent. Fears are
felt that trouble may yet arise. •
P.IDDEFORD, Me.. Jan. 17.— Every
department of the Pepperill and I,a~
conia Mills in this city, and all the de
partments of the York Mills in Saco,
with the exception of the carding and
mule spinning rooms, shut down to
day as a result of the decision of the
operatives to resist a 10 per cent re
duction in wages which was to go into
effect on this date. At the York Mills
in Saco the weavers remained out and
were followed by the ring spinners
The cut at these mills is said to aver
age 12 per cent. There are 1500 opera
tives and 51.204 spindles. The man
agers o fthe mills refuse to say what
their policy will be.
LEWISTON, Me., Jan. 17.— The oper
atives of all the mills here except those
of the Androscoggin went to work as
usual to-day under a reduction in
wapps of from 10 to 11 1-9 per cent
At the Androscoggin only seven out of
400 weavers went to work. The re
duction went into effect at the mills
of the Continent and Androscoggin
Hill. Barber and Bates corporations'
and at the Lewiston Bleachery and
Dye Works. The total monthly pay
roll cf these companies has been $43,
000. About 750 operative? are employed
and the number of spindles aggregates
279,000.
FTTCHBURO, Mass.. Jan. 17.-The
22u hands in the Nookeje Cotton Print
Mills are out ol work to-day as the re
sult Oii a cut cf 6 per cent which went
into effect this morning. It was not
satisfactory and tiie eighty weavers
struck, closing the whole mill.
TO INVESTIGATE THE
CHARGES OF BRIBERY.
Speaker Mason Appoints a Committee, a
Majority Being ¥en Opposed io
Senator Hanna.
COIAJMBUB. 0.. Jan. 17.-Spenker Ma
son of the House of Representatives ibis
afternoon appointed the committee to in
vestigate the alleged attempt I" !■:'■■.
Representative Otis of Hamilton County
to yoU for Marcus a. Hanna for Senator.
The comadttee is composed of Represent
atives Rutan of Carroll County, Bpellmyer
of Hamilton. Boxwel) of Warren. Rankin
of Fayette and Kenney of Mercer.
Bpellmyer and Kenney ire Democrats,
ami voted for M. ECISSO] for ' Senator. The
"t 1 er three members are !:<■' üblicana, but
Rutan voted for McKlssa d. making the
commit t.'.' ;;p antKHanna .■•>mmitt<>e. The
committee rr.vi to-night and elected Mr.
Rutan chairman and Bpellmyer secretary.
A subcommittee v\n:-> appointed to ■:•.!!
i 'ivostitrntion Committee of the
■ anil arrange for i ■':.".
This arrangement will probably be effect
ed m it would only serve to complicate
mnttrrs if the committee* a<
ratelj / r session will probably be
h"!>i to-morrow, when r> plan of procedure
will be agreed upon. Th-- - ■ mmit
ready Bxed upon ■<■ time for be
ginning its investigations.
S TOR MY SCENES IN
THE DIET OF BOHEMIA.
Governor Go rlen ho ve Raises a Rumpus by De-
daring Equal Rights for the Ger
man and Czech Languages.
PRAGUE, Bohemia, Jan. 17.— Stormy
scenes were witnessed at the session of
the Diet to-day. Governor Godenhove
made a statement in both the German and
the Czech languages, as having equal
rights, and. had prepared to introduce
measures dividing the country into dis
tricts where the official language shouid
be the predominating one, and where,
when nationalities were equally divided,
bcth languages would be employed in the
conduct of official business. Therefore, he
declared, all officials should be able to
speak both, and legislation would be di
rected to teaching both In the intermedi
ate schools.
This statement gave rise to angry pro
tests. Further conflicts have occurred in
the streets. '
BATTLES OF
ANARCHISTS
AND STUDENTS
Continued from First Pape.
fount Mur.ster, the German Embassa
dor, and Count T^rnielli, the Italian
Emhassrid' r. as witnesses to the inno
eenee of Dreyfus.
T.YONP. Jan. 17— An anti- Jewish stu
dent demonstration took plar*e here to
day with cries of "Down with Drey
fus." The office of J^ Peuple, which
has supported Zola, was attacked, biit
th" staff made a sortie and drove away
the students.
MATi-SKTLT.Ef!. Jan. 17.— A crowd of
?,onn persona made a demonstration here
to-day agriinrt the Jews. They cheered
the Army flub. ■ hose officers appeared
upon th<> balcony, shomirv^ *"Vive la
France." and displayed the tricolor,
which the crowd cheered frantically.
Another crowd paraded the streets
with cri' s of "Death to the Jews." and
"Shame upon Zola." They gathered in
front of the synagogue, until the police
dispersed them.
PREMIER MELINE
THREATENED THAT THE
CABINET WOULD RESIGN.
So the French Chamber of Deputies Did
Not Force the Publication of Drey
fus' Alleged Confession.
PARTS, J;in. IT.— A semi-official note,
relative to the demand that the alleg
ed confession of Alfred Dreyfus to If.
Lebrun-lter.aud should be published,
says: "If the Government conceded
the demand it would bring under dis
cussion and appear to place in doubt
the authority of the Dreyfus decisio-n.
Moreover, the Government does not
consider that it has the right to make
such a communication for reasons ana
logous to those which determined th»
court-martial to try Dreyfus behind
closed doors."
There was great excitement in the
Chamber of Deputies to-day when M.
Cavaignac, U< publican, demanded a
discussion of the semi-official note is
sued to-day, in which the Government
declined to make, public the alleged
confession of Alfred Dreyfus to M. Le
brun-Renaud. The Premier. M. Meline,
in refusing to discuss the matter, de
clared that if the Chamber voted its
immediate discussion the Cabinet
would resign.
The lobbies of the Chamber of Depu
ties were crowded, and there were heat
ed discussions, .-vt-n among the usually
cool-headed politicians.
The session opened with a speech
from M. Jourde. Republican, on a mi
nor question respecting prisons, but in
view of the impatience of the mem
bers h<- abandoned his speech on the
prisons questions, which was adjourn
ed until to-morrow.
The Minister for War. General Bil
lot; the Premier, if. Meline, and If,
Cavalgnac here entered the house and
the President of the Chamber, M. Rrls
son. announced that he had received a
request from If. ("avaignac to question
the Government regarding its Dreyfus
note. If. Meline asked him to adjoairn
the matter, requesting the Chamber to
reassure the country by continuing its
legislative labors.
Re said the budget mast be voted,
and the Dreyfus affair, which had be
come a party question, should be set
aside.
Continuing, the Premier said: "The
Government's policy has already had
excellent results at horrid and abroad,
and we appeal to the v. Isdom of the
Chamber to put an end to the exces
sive agitation."
The Premier concluded with a refer
ence to the honor of the army and the
respect due to the judges, and asked
for a vote of confidence in the Gov
ernment.
iM. Cavaignac refused to be satisfied
•with this harangue. He declared the
terms of the semi-official note were rot
acceptable (cries from the Leftists),
protested against the silence of the
Minister for War at the time the army
was attacked, and urged the publica
tion of the alleged confession of Drey
fus.
When the vote was taken the House,
by 310 ayes to 257 noes, decided to
shelve the discussion.
Several small anti-Dreyfus demon
strations took place this morning In va
rious parts of Paris. None of them
%vas of a serious nature, and those tak
ing part In them were soon dispersed.
ITS PRESTIGE
HAS DEPARTED
Plight of the Los Angeles
League for Better
Government.
Citizens Now Realize That It Is
Dominated by Political
Tricksters.
Flat Failure of Its Attempt to Smirch
tha Character of Director
Webb.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
J.OR ANGELEP, Jan. 17.— Within the
past week there has been a remarkable
change in public feeling, so far as Wal
ter L. Webb is concerned. The fair and
unprejudiced accounts of the School
Hoard investigation published in The
Call have been a revelation to the peo
ple. There were a few who did not be
lieve Webb to be as black as he was
painted by the Wil'.ard-Gibbon-Otis
newspaper syndicate, comprising the
Express, the Herald and the Times, un
til The Call entered the field and gave
th" facts as they were, and not as cer
tain interested corporations and indi
viduals wanted them to be.
All tho testimony in the investigation
before the School Board is now vir
tually in, and people are wondering
what has become of all the sensational
•pments that have been promised
by the various attorneys for the de
fense, particularly by T. K. Gibbon and
W. A. Cheney. All the rules of evi
dence were ignored, and everything
was dragged into the light that could
possibly reflect upon the legal or moral
guili of the accused. The result of this
drag-net method of procedure was to
bring out nothing against Webb, ex
■ • pi the statement of two self-confess
ed perjurers and bribe-takers.
Penpio -who have given a retrospect
ive view to the situation are now ask
ing why Webb alone was singled out
for persistent prosecution, and why ev
erybody else, from Janitor CVmper, who
confessed to paying a bribe, to Banker
Rraley, who confessed to having com
mitted an act that is felonious, was ig
nored or deliberately defended by the
League for Better City Government
and the syndicated misconception of
journalism— the Tirm-s- Hera HI -Express.
The opinion Is freely expressed that the
league and its newspaper confederates
were not engaged in an investigation
of corruption, but in a man-hunt.
And then comes the question: "Why
was the scalp of Webb wanted? This
hns been answered by Webb in his
signed statement published in Th^ Call
of January 4. In this he Stated that he
was being pursued by the league as a
matter of revenge for having been
partly instrumental in bringing about
the removal of Miss Mac Owrn from
the list of public s;-hc-ol teachers, and
for having defeated the efforts of the
league to secure control of the city
Board of Education. This assertion of
Mr. Webb has since been apparently
borne out by the facts that have de
v!«>ped.
That the men who control the League
fi-r Better City Government are cap
able t»f entering upon a conspiracy,
such as this appears to be, is demon
strated by what they have already
done in connection with the affairs of
the league. The latest election of di
rectors of the league took place on
June IS, 18*7. At ti:;it election three
men Ineligible to the office were elect
ed as directors. One of the bylaws in
force at this time provides as follows:
The corporate powers, business and
property of the corporation shall be exor
cised, conducted and controlled by a
board of directors, all of whom must be
members In good standing.
Amone the twenty-three members of
the board of directors declared elected
were Harry ("handler. Octavius Mor
gan and If. Wish, none of whom had
paid the semi-annual dues payable on
or before the day of election. In .the
notices of the election sent out to mem
bers, the following sentence was con
spicuously displayed in heavy, black
faced type: "The semi-annual dues of
<<ne dollar are due and payable before
June 15, 1597.* 1 On the ballots mailed
to I'.ich member attention was called
to the same duty in the following line:
"Semi-annual dues of $1 must be. paid
before voting."
The fact that Chandler. Morgan and
Welsh were not qualified at the time
they, were elected was called to the at
tention of C. S. Walton, the secretary
of the league, and he promised to call
the attention of the directors to the af
fair. Nothing has been heard of it
from that day to this, and the three
men illegally elected have been allowed
to ■•xereise their functions as officers
without question by the proper author
ities. It is claimed that the men who
were frozen out by this fraud were not
acceptable to the men of the inner cir
cle. Chandler is a son-in-law of H. G.
Otis, the editor of the Times, and is the
superintendent of circulation of that
nevspaper. Chandler is now the sec
ond vice-president of the league, and
Morcrnn was the second vice-president
of that organization previous to the
last election. Neither of them, appar
ently, could be spared from the board
of directors.
That the league has been under sus
picion by the perspicacious ever since
It was launched upon the political
ocean is shown by its own confessions,
made in its official printed bulletins.
There is a peculiar vein of apology and
explanation running through thesa cir
culars that savors strongly of hypocri
sy and deception to one who can read
between the lines. In the bulletin is
sued as far back as June 29, 1596. occurs
the following significant remarks:
Since the Better Government circulars
came out the street has been full of
strange and often ludicrous rumors con
.cerning the movement. These may be ex
pected right along, and need not worry
anybody. Some of these are so enter
taining as to be worth repeating:
It is said «^nt the presence of four or
five stockhe'ders of the water company
on the original list shows very plainly
that it Is a scheme in favor of" that cor
poration.
For similar reasons it Is said to be a
Los Angeles lighting scheme and street
car company scheme.
It is said to be a Democratic .scheme to
elect a certain man Mayor. . ... •
That these rumors have not been ex
ploited in the local newspapers is
simply due to the fact that the owners
of these journals are part and parcel
of the gigantic scheme to turn over the
control of the city government to the
corporations. In the bulletin of July
13 occurs the following:
If this movement does not wholly suc
eced this year it may do so the following
or the year succeeding that. At all events
the agitation must continue until it is a
success, whether that be in one year or
in ten. *
The facsimile y/^/^r-r- If on every wrapper
signature of v t&J</Jr+eUc2fa . of CASTOEIA.
ONLY HARNESS
HORSES WANTED
Rich Men of Chicago to
Own a New Race
track.
Thoroughbreds Will Be Kept
Out and There Will Be
No Betting.
Intended Simply for « Gentlemen's
Driving Park and Matinea
Covirse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Chicago is to
have another race track, and at once.
The new track will be unique. On it
runners will have no place whatever,
for it will be devoted exclusively to the
pacer and trotter.
Lovers of harness racing are disgust
ed with the results of the efforts In the
past two years to keep sport alive in
this city. They point to the la^t two
meetings of the Northwestern Breed
erg' Association at the Washington
Park track, during which large purses
were hung up, and for which the fastest
horsos in the wurld contended. At these
meeting's the strict letter of the law
v.as observed, and there was no pool
soiling or bookmaking, with the result
that the association quit many thou
sand dollars loser and was forced out
of existence. Experience taught a les
3on which will never be forguttcn.
There are in the neighborhood of 100
men high in social and business stand
ing in Chicago who are loven of fast
horses, and who have their money in
vested in them. The schema is to buy
property, either in the city or near it,
build tracks, stables and grand stand,
and to have matinees much on the or
der <>f those held in Cleveland and New
Turk. There will be nr> pool setting or
bookmaking allowed. It will simply be
a g'entlemen's driving park, where own
ers and their friends may go and drive
their own horses and enjoy the sport
which at present is denied them.
GERRARD BESTED BY GANS.
Colored Lad Given the Decision When the
Police Stop the Fight.
CLEVT:r..\NI>. Ohio.Jan. 17.— The twen
ty-rnurd go bctl»— Frank Gerrard of
Chicago and Joe Gans of rsaltimore was
stopped in the fifteenth round by the po
lico. and X..f t . r . - Sil.r gave the derision
to Gans, who uad landed three tiznea to
Gerrard'a once thro\i>rhout. In the =oc
ond round Gerrard knocked Gana dear off
his feet with a lonp. pwinpinp oppercut
under the i.-iw. h^n after that the colored
man had the better of it.
Gerrard start*. l in with a cut over his
left eye received at Chloapo in a recent
npht, and Gans knocked it np.-n in the
mat round. Gerrard bled profusely all
through, and was weakened by loss of
blood. Gana kept jabbing: him in thr- face
with both hands and in the fifteenth
round knocked Gerrard down twice in
quick succession. Gerrard arose stagßer
inp. and the police stopped the match
Gans proved himself one of the clever
est and shiftiest men ever seen in a rlnir
here.
IVES WINS FROM CATTON.
Easily Captures the First Game of the
Billiard Tournament.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Frank Ives and
William Catton played the opening game
of the handicap billiard tournament to
night in Central Music Hall. It was at
the IS-inch balk line, no shot in balk. At
the end of his tenth inning Catton"s score
was 94 while Ivis had only 111 to his cred
it. Then the expected happened. Frank
gained his stroke and by clean cut play
ing put together 132. He followed this
with 100 in tho twelfth inning, added 31
in the next, and then ran the game out
with 19. Schaefer and Spinks play to
morrow night. Ives did very little fancy
work, but played in better form than he
has shown in practice. Score:
J yes ~Total'~ Total ' 400: average, 28 8-14; high run.
132.
Catton— Total, 98; average. 7; high run, 20.
First to the Wire.
NEW ORLEANS, Jan. Seven and '
a half furlongs. Carlotta C won, Loyalty ■
second. Viscount third. Time, 1:43.
One and a sixteenth miles, selling, Mr. j
Easton won. Caddie C second, The Doc- j
tor third. Time, 1:53.
Six furlongs, selling, Urania won, Lau
retta D second, Eleanor Mac third. Time
1:20%.
One mile, handicap. Sea Robber won. i
David second, Surmount third. Time
1:48. • '
Six furlongs, Tom Kingley won. Aunt
Maggie second, Nannie Davis third. Time !
1:20.
Six and a half furlongs, selling. Al Lone
won. Teeta May second, Vencedor third
Time, 1:27?4^
RUMORED DISASTER TO
THE CITY OF SEATTLE
Big Steamer on the Way to Alaska With
Over Five Hundred Passengers Reported
to Ha ye Gone Ashore.
SEATTLE. Jan. 17.— 1t Is rumored here
to-night that the steamer City of Seattle
has gone ashore at some point on the
route to Alaska. It is impossible to con
firm the report or discover Its origin. The
City of Seattle sailed from here last
Wednesday for Skaguay and Dyea with I
550 passengers and 600 tons of freight.
Captain Pierce of the steamer Corona,
just in from Dyea. says that he saw the
Seattle two days ago, when she was i
bound north and all was well. The of- |
fici.ils of the company operating th~e City
of Seattle are at a loss to know how the !
rumor pained circulation. They made a
thorough investigation to-night and state
positively that there is no reason for be
lieving that the steamer is not now well
on her way to Dyea.
HOLD UP AN APPOINTMENT.
Mayor Land's Selection of William Lowel
for Chief of Police Meets With
Disfavor.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 17. -The City
Board of Trustees to-night refused to
confirm the nomination of William Lowell
for Chief of Police. J. B. Devine was con
firmed as corporation counsel, George
Meister as superintendent of cemeteries
Frank Snook as clerk of the Police Court
and William Mulleney as city surveyor
The ordinance prohibiting the use of
trading stamps was passed unanimously
and an ordinance increasing 1 the police
force was also passed, while one creating
two detectives was indefinitely post
poned. "
Low Wages at the Mint
XEW YORK, Jan. 17.— A special to the
Sun from Washington says: Frank A.
Leach, Superintendent of the United
Stateß Mint in San Francisco, had a con- !
ference with Secretary Gage to-day on
the question of reducing the scale of
wages paid to employes of the Mint.
It was decided to reduce the scale to '
that in use in the Philadelphia Mint, re
suiting in a saving of $29,000 annually to i
the Government.
YOUR NERVES
Are All Over Your Body.
When you have a nervous twitching of the
mouth and of the nasal passages, it is these
nerves which you see here represented that are
disordered. These nerves originate in the
brain, and are distributed to the tongue, nose
and lips. Sometimes they are the very nerves
that tell a tale of decay. Those are the nerves
that begin to twitch before the other nerves
show any sign of loss of power. Sooner or
later, however, those who exhaust the vital
forces of life by overwork, over-exertion or
abuse will discover the inroads created by
these exhausting debilitated losses, and will
note the nerves of the face, of the mouth ami
of the eye to twitch. When you beg-in to note
these disorders it is time to use the Brand
remedy treatment of the old Hudsonian doc-
tow. ' >HI?DYAX " is the name of the remark-
able .very. It has been used by men in
every nttle town, every little village, every
little hamlet on the Pacific Coast. It has been
used by married men and single men, and it
has been praised by all alike. "HUDTAN"
cures spermatorrhoea, failing manhood, dis-
orders and disabilities of man. If you want to
}'" '■•Y7.'- 'V" Mll; the Hudson doctors or write
for CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS
81.0011 „...„.„ When your blood la
1110011 POISOX out of order, when your
BLOOO i>Aii<n» blood is tainted, you
ISLOOO rOISOX will notice that your
«t nmt PO,SOX halr th \ falling, your
BLOOD POISOX breath is offensive, your
BLOOD POISOX tongue is swollen, your
I.LOOD POISOX throat is sore. You
TtT nnn Txwcrvtx have lumps about your
KLOOI) POISOX body. You have glandu-
» n m , p msn » lar lumps. You have
.BLOOD POISOX spots on the body—
TtT nor* mVicnv copper-colored spots. It
BLOOD POISOX may be In the first, 5ec-
,,,..,.,. -«>^k.c-«-»-»T ondary or tertiary state.
BLOOD I'O.SOX The best cure for this
BLOOD POISOX '* the thirty-day cure.
BLOOD POISOX Consult the Hudson
BLOOD POISOX doctors about the
BI.OOD POISOX thirty-day cure or
BLOOD POISOX cure" fcr th'rty-day
BLOOD POISOX cure circulars, free.
blood poisox Hudson Medical Insti-
BLOOD POISOX tute. Market. Bills and
Stockton streets.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free,.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.
Be Advised by the Hudson Doctors Free.'
Philadelphia
Shoe GO. No. 10 Third St.
IMH __ tmmmm mmmmmm m
STAMPED ON A SHOE MEANS STANDARD OF MEAT
| SEND FOR OUR NEW If
I ILLUSTRATED CATALOGUE., 17
I If We Have Your Size 1
I You Get a Bargain, I
w
We take an account of stock In Peb- S
W nmry and we are desirous of closing «
X out certain lines to make room for Tan X
0 and Russet Shoes. Some of the lines ><
W are new poods, and we have all sires- ©
ft others are broken lines and odd sizes' v>
© ,l e are n most * lvin « those Shoes k,
® ««^'» «n the ?ale U Bo « rea t that we ®
» cannot fill country orders in our lines ft
£> advertised as Broken Lots or Odd Sizes »
ft ft
®tAn f ? tra Offerln «'— Vici Kid ®
® Lafe Shoes; straight foxed new coin ®
» toes and \ -shaped kid tips; heavy soles; ®
ft al i sla , es a £" d widths. Reduced to $2 10 : r?,
g sold elsewhere refrularly for $3. ®
1 vfS^'S 1 | ale -r Lad^s' Silk Embroidered @
X ™ U vL op Lace Shoes ' finest V!cl ®
® Kid Vamps, new coin toes and tips. ®
* Pliable soies, all sizes, all widths Sold ®
0 $3^5O n S ls sale for W* ; regular Price »
0 ** ""• 0
§ $1.00. I
© f~tr^\ 1&1 I A irreat line of $P
® \ ft. I ' »\ i I Misses' and Chll- ®
© I V I . Ht&A dren's Fi n est ®
® IV, 1 If V|cl lild Button ®
00 I > \ lif Shoes, circular (5)
Ss / >, V HI vamps and heel ft
ft A. n* X W ' oxln *- new coin fa
fa I *>*, Sl.\ ▼ f oes a "d patent- »
>i W— J^-«*3m»i^w^ leather tips, >V
® SSa*—^-, />tT» sprinj? heels, all ®
® ' . "■ - sizes, a dressy ®
® Shoe that can be puaranteed to wear ©
/JS well. . • (J\
«' Children's sizes. Bto 10% $1 00 Si
g • Misses sizes, 11 to 2 its g
® Ladies' Vicl Kid leather tips, ®
spring heels, all Sl<
J~ " ' Me*, a dressy ®
Shoe that can be guaranteed to wear ®
well. ft
Children's sizes. R to 10H 11 00 ?S\
Misses Mzes, 11 to 2 115 g |
ft
Ladies' Vicl Kid Button Shoes, plain ®
fc broad or opera toes without tips, easy ft
X on the feet, sires 2 to 3V4, widths AA ft
W to X; same kind, sizes' 4 to 4%, widths ft
X AA, A and B; reduced to 65c; regular ><
® price $2 60 and 13. • ®
® — — — w
® Infants' Vlcl Kid Button Shoes, clr- ><
W cular vamps and heel foxing-, kid tips ><
00 pliable soles, all sizes, 1 to 6, reduced ®
I from 50c to 25c. (•)
9Oc. I
0 \ ft Boys' a nd
® W^ ( lft Youths' Solid- ®
® I '\ wearing School ><
ft X .•'■. Shoes, tap or X
ft K?**^»»Lvk. slip soles, me- ><
m |*^~""«JS- ||i , alum broad toes fa
ft W&&F^23ttßto£S^ and t| 9 - every ft
ft pair warranted: ft
® Youths' sires, 11 to 2........$ 90 ®
® Boys' sizes, 3 to & 00 ®
-— ®
® A A Ladies' kid Oxford ®
® Xar.'^ <m Ties, odd sizes, ®
® ""^ assorted kinds, fa
(ft Jw A plain toes and fa
« iff - _^mmi^ tips, broad or fa
® *aar< Mr Pointed toes, @
iWi 1 — ■*■*-* '• sires I to 8, w
yy narrow widths; reduced to 40c. Sizes 58
® 2^4 to SH of a better grade of Oxfords ®
0 will be sold for- 85c. All these Oxfords ®
fa formerly sold for from.. s2 to $3 a pair 0
I Are You Going: to the Klondike? i
fa Well, don't be a good thing and buy fa
)K your Leather Boots and • Shoes from ><
X some furnishing goods store, but come x
SS/ to us and save that profit, We have a «
55 complete stock of Klondike footwear ®
® which we will sell at first cost. . w
® Country orders solicited. ©
» Address ®
| B. KATCHINSKI, I )
| PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO., §
« 10 Third* St., 6nn Franclaeo. ®ACCIDENT
IN A SANTA
FE TUNNEL
Bowlders Crash. Down
Upon a Force of
Workmen.
Roof Timbers, Weakened
by Fire, Give
Away.
Roadmaster Lyons Killed and
Foreman Matthews Is
Dying.
OTHERS BADLY INJURED.
Had Baen Engaged In Fighting a Blaze
That Raged for Twenty-
Four Hours.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
WILLIAMS, Ariz.. Jan. 17.— One of
the most dreadful accidents in the his
tory of the Santa Fe took place to-day
at the Fairview Tunnel, about nine
miles west o-f here. Sparks from the
engine of yesterday's passenger train
No. 1 ignited the timbers in the roof of
the tunnel. A gang of men was quick
ly dispatched from this city under
Foremen Matthews and Parker. The
men fought the llames all night with
out flinching and all day to-day.
At 2 o'clock this afternoon, when the
flames were all but out, the men were
alarmed by a loud crash, and in a mo
ment a solid mass of rock and burn-
Ing timbers came falling down. Every
one ran for his life. Roadmaster Ly
ons and Foreman Matthews cot ap
pearing, the workmen went back into
the tunnel to look for them. Roadmas
ter Lyons was found in the debris, and
was quickly ta.ken out. It was seen
that he was quite dangerously hurt.
After considerable difficulty Foreman
Matthews was found under a heap of
rock and charred timbers. Unawares,
the men had walked over him several
times. He was finally extricated. He
was seriously hurt about the head and
limbs, and complained of a pain in his
Several other men were hurt, but not
as badly as were Lyons and Matthews.
■ mtendent Hibbard and Parker,
who were standing within two feet of
Lyons and Matthews, barely escaped
with th^ir lives, the former being
a huge bowlder in his dash
for life. That there are not more killed
is miraculous, as there were about
fifty men inside the tunnel at the time.
ons, Matthews and some laborers
were taken to William* on Superin
tendent Hlbbard's train. Lyons lived
short time after being taken out
oi" th<- tunnel. He is a widower and
leaves two children in Los Angeles. He
had been in the employ of the com
pany for ten years and had but recent
ly been transferred to the Arizona-
New Mexico line.
tthews is resting as easy as could
be expected. It Is very doubtful if he
will live until morning. He was gen
eral foreman of the building depart
ment, and ha.s he»n a faithful employe
of the company for many years.
No through trains will be able to
pass through the tunnel for several
days, for at this time it is a sheet of
flame from one end to the other. Pas
sengers on to-day's train had to be
transferred around the mountain
through the snow.
WANTS ANOTHER
EASTERN OUTLET
San Diego Lets a Franchise for
a Railway Through the
City.
Awarded to a Commutes of tha Coun
cil to B« Used In Furthering
Its Object.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN" DIEGO. Jan. 17.— The Common
Council to-night awarded an important
railway franchise. It is for a right of
way- 100 feet wide through the city limits.
The franchise is awarded to the follow
ing gentlemen: Matthew Sherman. U. S.
Grant. SI. A. Luce, William N. King
and C. L. Josselyn, all prominent citi
zens, who were appointed by the Cham
ber of Commerce as a committee to take
such measures as in their judgment
seemed best for securing a railroad di
rectly eastward from this city to the
Colorado River.
Members of the Chamber qf Commerce
Committee when questioned regarding
their purpose in obtaining this franchise
would only say that their object" was to
procure for San Diego at the earliest
possible day a shorter and more direct
eastern outlet, and that they considered
the franchise the important preliminary
to that end.
Under the terms of the franchise the
grantees are obliged to locate the pro
posed road within one year and to have
it in full operation within two years.
SENDS A CHARGE OF SHOT
THROUGH HIS OWN HEART.
Suicide of the 22 -Year-Old Son of Rancher
Collins of the Alexander
Valley.
HEAL.DSBUR&, Jan. 17.— The residents
of Healdshur^r were shocked to-day
■when the Intelligence reached them that
J. P. Collins, son of Mr. and Mrs. J.
Barney Collins, prominent farmers of
Alexander Valley, had committed suicide.
The r ;ir * !1 ts of the unfortunate young
man had left home and on their return
found the body of their son lying in
front of the house.
The young man had shot himself
through the heart. Filling a sack with
ri-i'ks. he had tied a rope around the
pack and attached the other end of the
rop< to the trigger of the gun. He then
lay down, placed the muzzle of the wea
pon to bis heart, pushed his foot against
the sack of rocks, which discharged the
gun.
The young man was aged about 22
years. Melancholia, with which he had
been afflicted for about two years, was
the cause of ins unfortunate ending.
Two Consuls Confirmed.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— The Senate
to-day confirmed these nominations: J.
K. Pollard of Ohio, Consul-General at
Monterey, Mexico; Louis Goldschmldt of
New Hampshire, Consul at La Guayra,
Venezuela.
INSURGENTS
HATE WON
A VICTORY
The News Held Back
by the Spanish
Authorities.
Explosion of a Bomb Is a
Cause of Great Excite
ment in Havana.
The Particulars of This Matter
Also Are Suppressed by
the Censor.
PANDO AT SANTA CRUZ.
Ordered Back to Hie Post Under More
Than a Suspicion of Cow
ardice.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17. — A special ca
ble to the Run from Havana says: A
d;. namite bomb was exploded to-day
near Dejame, Havana, at the moment
when a Spanish military train was
passing with soldiers. The explosion
shattered the cars, disabled the lc-como
tive, destroyed the rails and killed and
wounded many Spanish soldiers. The
press censor has refused to allow any
reference by direct cable to the num
ber of killed and wounded.
At this time of general excitement in
Havana the startling news of the ter
rible defeat by the insurgents of Gen
eral Molina is causing a great sensa
tion- Molina, with his 1500 men, met
the insurgents at Camarioca and Punta
Maya, Matanzas Province. The Cu
bans were led by Jose Clemente Go
mez. Rojas and Tabares, and num
bered SOO men.
The engagement lasted four hours,
and was a sharp one. The Spaniards
made three attempts to dislodge the
patriots from their strong positions, but
were repulsed every time with heavy
losses. In the third baycmet charge of
the Spaniards the Spanish captain,
Emilio Cervera was killed, and lieu
tenant Manuel Gonzales was severely
wounded.
Leaving fifty dead on the field, Mo
lina retired, reporting to General Blan
co that the positions of the insurgents
were bravely defended by them in or
der to gain time to remove their wound
ed, but they were finally dislodged
after two hours' lighting, and left six
dead on the field."
According to Molina, his losses, be
sides Captain Cervera and Lieutenant
<:<>nzales, were only three privates kill
ed ami twenty-eight wounded. He re
ports also several soldiers bruised.
General Pando has arrived at Santa
Cruz del Sur, in Puerto Principe Prov
ince, from Manzanillo, Santiago de Cu
ba. He made a trip by steamer in or
der to- ask for reinforcements from the
Spaniards in Puerto Principe. His sit
uation at Manzanillo is desperate. His
troops are threatening to revolt on ac
count of the ill-treatment they receive,
as they are starving and receive no
payments. Furthermore, the insur
gents under Garcia and Rabi have ex
tended their control to the very doors
of Manzanillo. As soon as General
Pando arrived In Santa Cruz, General
Blanco cabled stringent orders to him
to return Immediately to Manzanillo
and remain there attending to his duty.
It is just reported from the Palace that
Pando will return to Manzanillo to
day. Among military men here the
whole affair is making much comment.
In spite cf the decree of General
Blanco forbidding troops to destroy
property in the country and not to
harm women and children, an official
report is published to-day of a savage
attack by the battalion of Canarias on
families of insurgent soldiers at the
farm Herrera, in Pinar del Rio Prov
ince. The report says that seventeen
modern rifles and twenty-six old rifles
were captured, and that everything
was destroyed by the troops, including
some acres of vegetables and stores of
food and tobacco kept by the family.
Five women, ten children and four
men, the report says, were made pris
oners. The affair is a very good illus
tration of General Weyler's methods.
Another official report to-day says
that twenty Cuban families, numbering
ninety-two persons, mostly women and
children, have been made prisoners
near Sanrti Spiritus and brought to
town. This is another Instance of con
centration. Five thousand more regu
lar troops were brought into Havana
yesterday by Generals RalecedOj Ma
rote and Bernal, who were summoned
by General Blanco to reinforce Gen
eral Arolas against rioters.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 18.— Consul
General Lee cabled to-day from
Havana, asking that more re
lief supplies be forwarded by
the Central Cuban Relief Committee.
This request is considered to be ample
evidence that no obstruction is being
interposed by the Spanish Government
to relief supplies being forwarded from
the I'nited State?.
WOMEN BEFORE
THE GRAND JURY
Questioned as to the Making
of Masks for the Über
Lynchers.
Members of the Mob Said to Have
Be«n Identifier! by Persons Re
turning From a Party.
Spprfal dispatch to The Call.
CABSOW. Jan. 17.-The Grand Jury of
- as County was in session for sev
eral hours to-day. The first witness
■ railed wan Miss Hilderbrandt, who w.is
working for the family of Mrs. Anderson,
the sister-in-law of the man Dber killed.
She was In the Jury room for some time,
•« it ih supposed that she testified r< l
ative to the making of Mack masks for
the lynchers the day before the lynching
..1 Über. Mrs. Ott and Mrs. Frey were
at a party atWalleys Springs on thY night
of the tragedy, and they were called to
i.ll what they snw on their way home
and name the men they identified' return
itiK from Genoa.
Win Becman and Charles Lewis were
railed on and were Home time before the
Jury, but what they testified t,, j S on iy
a matter to he surmised. It was
the intention to cite any witnesses
refusing to testify before Judge Mark for
I contempt of court, and as none has yet
been cited it Is presumed that they have
answered the questions put to them,
The Jury adjourned at 4 o'clock to meet
again to-morrow morning.
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
BRAINED HIS WIFE
AND TWO CHILDREN
Fearful Crime of a Despondent
New York Merchant Before
Committing Suicide.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— John Matthews, a retail procer, some time be
tween last Saturday night and this morning, murdered his wifa and
their two children, a boy 10 years old and a girl 12, by hacking them to
death with a hatchet. Matthews then committed suicide by shooting
himself in the head. Before dying, it is believed, he turned on the gas
with the intention that asphyxiation should complete his murderous
work. The crime was committed in a small bedroom in the -ar of the
store kept by Matthew?.
The tragedy was discovered by a milkman. On the floor of the sleep
ing room the officer who was summoned found the corpse of Matthews.
In his hand was a revolver, and there was a bullet hole just above his
mouth. There were two beds in the room. On oneof these lay Matthews'
wife. Her head was chopped and mangled almost beyond recognition. On
the other bed the two children lay side by side. Their faces, too, were
frightfully cut and hacked. That the murder and suicide were premed
itated was evident. Matthews had waited until his wife and children
were asleep. Then he stripped himself to the waist, took the hatchet In
his hands and brained his wife. After that he attacked the children.
From letters left it was ascertained that for some time Matthews had
intended to end his own life. He had been in the dry goods business
farther up town and had failed. A few months ago he opened the gTo
cery store and had met with little success. His wife, a pretty little
woman, had recently undergone a severe operation. Tt was these things,
evidently, that prompted Matthews to write this letter, which was found
open and unaddressed:
"It is a terrible thing I have to do," he wrote, "to keep my word.
T promised that all shall go with me. and delay is no good. If I could
only have died alone. I love my wife and littlo children. I told them I
did not want to go In any business, that my mind was gone, and I
guess that my nerve Is all that is left. For five yean wo have talked
the thing over. I always wanted to go out in a boat and accidentally
capsize. I knew that otherwise 1 would have a hard time of it."
From a letter left by Mrs. Matthews to a friond, it was gathered
that shf* was a party t<> th>* BUldde agreement Mrs. Matthews left in
structions as to the clothe* in which the dead children should be buried,
and signified the place of interment for the entire family as Highland,
N. Y. Matthews was 35 years old.
GREEDY FLAMES
TAKE HIS LIFE
Old John Williams Incin
erated in a Fresno
Barn.
Lamp Explosion Believed to
Have Set Fire to His
Couch.
His Corps© Is Found Wrappsd in
Blankets in Which Ho Had Lain
Down to Sleep.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
FRESNO. Jan. 17.— John Williams,
aged 74 years, was burned to death at
4 o'clock this morning. He was a hos
tler in the employ of Dr. W. T. Mau
pin. Williams lived In a barn back of
the house at the corner of M and Cala
veras streets. He occupied a room in
the middle of the stable, and on both
sides were apartments in which wood
and household furniture were stored.
The blaze was discovered by Night
watchman W. M. Rodgers, and he turn
ed in an alarm. By the time the en
gines reached the scene the fire had
gained great headway. When it was
extinguished the body of the man was
found in th* ruins. It presented a
ghastly sight. The charred corpse lay
in what was left o-f Williams' bed.
The legs and arms were burned off
completely — in fact, nothing but the
trunk remained, and that was pro
tected by heavy blankets.
Williams had evidently attempted to
arise from his couch, but was probably
overcome by the smoke and fell back
on the bed.
The origin of the fire is not known
definitely. Williams had been drinking
heavily Sunday night, and at 12:30
o'clock was taken home in a hack. The
fire resulted either from sparks falling
from his pipe, as he was an inveterate
fmoker, or from a lamp explosion. It
is thought Williams left his lamp burn
ing, and that it exploded after he had
retired.
Williams was a native of England
and an old California settler, having
come to this State in 1*49. He engaged
in teaming and mining, and was at one
time quite well-to-do. He came to
Fresno six years ago. and of late had
lived on the bounty of Dr. Maupin. He
was a well-known character about
town, and was not a stranger in the
Police Court, where he had been ar
raigned several times for intoxication.
He always made a plea of illness.
MRS. DORA CLAY
LOVES BRYANT
Season Why the Child Wife
Will Not Remain at
Whitehall.
! Special Dispatch tn The Pall.
VALLEY VIEW. Ky.. Jan. 17.— That
General Cassius M. Clay's child-wife Dora
: is in love with William Bryant there can
be longer a doubt. This is the true reason
for her refusal to remain at Whitehall, al
though both she and General day have
declared to the contrary. Since <"!eli
Uii hardson drove Bryant away from his
home, where Dora was staying, he found
Dora very hard to get along with. In-
I deed, so bitter had her feeling become to*
ward her brother that there was a family
! row, and Clell shot at Dura and his own
wife's mother, who was taking sides with
his sister.
Dora returned from Whitehall last night
and went to the home of her sister, Mrs.
Kny Kelley. who resides about a mile
from this plncf. She says the General did
! not want her to remain at Whitehall be
cause he is afraid that someone would kill
! them 1 "'h. This is absurd, and people of
: this pla< c have begun to realize that it Is
; young Brj "t alone who is the cause of
i the separation. This is borne out by the
fact that he and Dora have met at the
].osi office here several times and every
time they have walked away together, go
ing to the far end of the village, up the
' river. On these occasions they have been
gone several hours, and have been seen
sitting on the bank of the stream. Dora
went to the postofßce to-day and mailed
a letter. She said she came back because
she wanted to and because It was Gen
eral Clays wish. Bryant was here wait
ing for her and the couple talked to
gether a long time. Roy Kelley has for
bidden Bryant to come to his place, as he
; fears trouble and probably bloodshed may
i be the outcome oi Doras romance.
WOULD ABOLISH
GRAND JURIES
San Bernardino Judges
Opposed to the
System.
Say Its Field Could Be Cov
ered by Modernized Court
Methods.
Expensi of Maintaining It Is Need
less and the Benefits Seldom
Great.
Special Dlspntch to The Call.
SAX BERNARDINO. Jan. 17.—
Judges Oster and Campbell of the Su
perior Court in delivering a charge to
the Grand Jury this morning gave the
present Grand Jury system some se
vere blows. The last Grand Jury in
this county was in session twelve days,
cost JI7OO and returned only one Indict
ment. The charge was an argument
■gafnat the Grand Jury and the system.
Extracts from it follow:
We believe the sentiment to be very
general in this Stut.- that the present
Grand Jury system has outlived its use
fulness and that its continuance is only
a neeoit m l urdea on the taxpayers of the
commonwealth. No doubt it has In the
past performed valuable functions in the
administration of the criminal law, but
this consideration appeals rather to the
antiquarian and the student of political
hißtory than to the property-owners
■easing relief from heavy taxation. These
same functions can now be. performed
with less expense, greater efficiency and
more In accordance with the spirit of our
institutions by the District Attorney,
aided by the examining magistrate and
the machinery of a modernized criminal
Jurisprudence, aa already established.
Secrecy and divided responsibility are
the cardinal characteristics <>t the Grand
Jury system, aa contra-distinguished
from the modern mode of Instituting
criminal proceedings, and, while there
may possibly arise times .in which the or
dlnary channels through which justice
DOWS become corrupted or powerful em
anations ot "Tiiniiiais are to be ferreted
mil, and when, therefore, this secrecy
and uivided responsibility may give the
Grand Jury system an advantage over
simpler and m<>n public mode of
instituting criminal proceedings, this pos
sibility perhaps constitutes an argument
for th« retention of the lirand Jury as an
agency of the court, to be invoked by it
only when in its opinion one of the ex
traordinary conditions may
require, but it is :io argument for the
continuance ol the present law necessi
tating the calling of a Grand Jury every
i ear. On ihe. contrary, and ordinarily,
this secrecy and divided responsibility
are among the moM objectionable feat
ures of the Grand Jury system, and
make it possible for the coward to make
a covert assault on the character of an
honest and upright citizen, at the same
time depriving him of the usual means of
redress.
It may, perhaps, be urged in defense
of the present scheme that no other body
except the Grand Jury possesses the
necessary inquisitorial power over the
officers of the county to investigate their
accounts and correct abuses; but in an
swer !o such an argument it may be said
that like power, including by necessary
implication the authority to employ ex
ports, is already vested in the Board of
Supervisors, and it is expressly made
part of their duty at least once a year
to examine and audit the accounts of all
officers having the care, collection or dis
bursement of county moneys.
However, ire believe it to be an easy
matter to suggest a better mode of au
diting the county books than by experts
to be appointed by either of these bodies.
Too often it has happened In this county
that among the so-called experts em
ployed by Grand Juries were persons of
such limited experience and knowledge as
to subject their reports and recommenda
tions, when adopted and promulgated
through the Grand Jury. to contempt and
ridicule, thereby visitinp on trie i,r;irm
Jury itself odium which should have been
attached to the expert himself.
CHINESE CONVICT KILLED IN
AN ATTEMPT TO ESCAPE.
Folsom Guards Shoot /ft Sam, a Mongol
Incarcerated for Murderous
Assault.
SACRAMENTO. Jan. 17.— Ah Sam. a
Chinese sent to Folsom from this city
last week for a murderous assault on a
citizen, committed without the slightest
provocation, was killed to-day while
trying to escape. He was sent out with
the rock-crushing crew, but made a
break for liberty. Before he could reach
the canal, irto which he would have to
plunge. ■ couple of guards pumped so
much lead Into him that he could not
oarry it. It is possible he had intended
to drown himself.
COLD FROM
THE YUKON
HER CARGO
Steamship Corona Ar
rives With Daw
son Miners.
Over a Million Dollars in
Dust Brought to
Seattle.
Fortunes Carried Over Winter
Trails From the Northern
El Dorado.
OUTLOOK AT THE MINES.
Scarcity of Candles and Kerosene
Now the Oold - Seekers'
Greatest Drawback.
Bpeclal Dispatch to The Call.
JUNBAU, Alaska, Jan. 12, via Seat
tle, Wash., Jan. 17 (by steamer Co
rona). — The Cudahy-Healy Company Is
still buying claims in the Klondike. A
party of Yukoners which has been
waiting at Dyea several days frrr a
ship to take it south has more of that
company's paper, which will be cash
ed in San Francisco or Seattle, than
any other party which has come out
of Dawson this season. There are also
500 pounds of gold dust and nuggets
among the members of the party.
The rule with Klundikers is the same
as with sagacious business men. Those
who really have large sums of money
or a big buckskin sack heavy with gold
say nothing or little about It. Those
who have little or no money or dust
are certain to be the least reticent con
cerning the large wealth they have
made inside. For this reason it has
never been possible to arrive at an ac
curate estimate of the amount of
wealth, collectively or individually, in
a returning party. The gold and
checks of the party aboard the Corona
is variously estimated, however, at
from $1,000,000 to $1,500,000.
James O'Brien, one of the party, has
been in the Yukcrn country ten years,
and has the reputation of not exagger
ating things. H.^ said:
"The Cudahy-Healy Company has
spent about $3,000,000 for claims. It
will take out from two to four times
as much as it pays for the claims. It
is a wonderful country — almost beyond
belief. I look for ether rich strikes."
Several of the party left Dawson on
December 14 and 15 last and are the
latest out. The weather was mild for
a Yukon winter, the mercury hanging
between twenty and forty degrees be
lu\v zero, and the trip out was made
in from twenty-five to thirty-two days.
In the party is one woman — Miss.
Louise Kellar of Juneau — who has had
quite a romance and returns to the
States rich. Miss Kellar was fromerly
one of the Venuses of a variety theater
in Juneau. She went to Dawson la3t
spring and is the second woman to
come over the trail in the dead of win
ter. She rode most of the way on a
sled behind i> <lop team, walking a mile
or two when she felt cold. Miss Kellar
is a slender brunette of good figure.
She ranked as one of the prettiest girls
in Dawson. She was clad from head
to foot in beautiful furs.
Rumor says a man who had a good
claim on El Dorado Creek fell an easy
captive before the charms of Miss
Kellar. He is known as "Butch" Sedg
wick. He sold his claim to the Cudahy
& Healy Company for $65,000 a few
weeks ago and laid his fortune at her
feet. They came out together and are
going to Seattle to have the knot tied
by a city minister.
Miss Kellar says the trip did her
good and improved her health. The
rosy glow on her cheeks bears out the
statement.
As to claims, development work is
being greatly retarded by the exceed
ing scarcity of kerosene and candles.
On account of darkness development
work is at a halt on many claims.
What few candles and comparatively
small quantities of kerosene remain
are held without price. They are worth
more than their weight in gold. Tal
low candles at the last quotation were
worth $2 25 each and coal oil $2 50 a
P The river trail is spotted with return
ing Klondike**, who have sold their
outfits or claims, or both, from Daw
son to Dyea. On this account the quan
tiy of provisions has increased among
those who remain, and the probability
of a shortage in food is greatly lessen
ed Every man in the party says that
starvation for Dawson is now .vholly a
scare of the past.
A number of old-timers, who have
come out during the last few weeks, as
well as men among the present party,
say that Hunker Creek prospects look
as favorable as the claims on Bonanza
and El Dorado.
Considerable complaint is made about
the mail facilities to and in Dawson.
There is no postmaster at the gold cen
ter The mail is in charge of the police
station, and when the watches shift
or squads change, a different man has
charge of a stack of several square feet
of letters. The service is very unsatis
factory. It is said to be almost impos
sible to find a letter, and that there are
doubtless letters in the pile that have
been there for months undelivered.
The principal dance halls and gam
bling resort* are again open after the
fire and are running as though noth
ing had happened. A large unfurnish
ed building on Second street was com
pleted and a large lodging-house was
remodeled, and dance halls are run
ning wide open in each. Gambling has
b*»en put out of sight a little bit. The
police have required the games to be
confined to compartments away from
the bar and dancing rooms. The report
is current in Dawson that when Major
Walsh reaches the town gambling and
dance halls will be closed, and the
sporting element is consequently breath
ing in gasps. But Major Walsh Is still
at the Little Salmon River and will not
reach Dawson with established relay
police stations until spring. The tons
Of mail for Dawson are still stalled on
the river in charge of the police.
Frank Plavin. the pugilst. reported
discoverer of the mother lode, is only
severe] day* behind on the trail. It is
said that Mr. Slavln is bringing out this
mother lode, with a pay streak < f vir
gin gold twelve miles long, on his sled.
The discovery of the mother lode of the
Klondike is not believed In Dawson,
the present party says. Slavln or some
one else found a large piece of quartz
bearing considerable pure gold, a con
siderable distance below the surface on
El Dorado Creek, and this was said to
have been chipped from a quarts ledge.
NEW TO-DAY.
®®SXs)®SXS<sXiXs)®®®®g^
mail THFRAIBWIN
nnnrno 1. H.L* BjrjUUJi/ H ill
ORDERS l — ■M—WMWHiilH— ■
Will receive our A_ —. iw ww»-« _ -■_
prompt attention m 11 M 1^1"^ ■ 1 I 1■ It
and be filled as fast £ -ill i~S I S-d L/ W
as received and in r< , | ; ' 111 ■" KU
order, great care be- % I>l ff H > I>ll k J«
mc used in giving S *-* V M. lliJUliiWl
our customers the 'Rl^J *
benefit of all goods BHHHHHIfiBBBHSSB^S9OHIHHHMI
as advertised.
HATTERS, FURNISHERS,
924-930 Market Street, San Francisco.
~ - ■* ' '- _ ___ ___
14 DAYS MORE
OF THE—
Creditors' Consolidation Clash
____________________________
It seems all Frisco had turned out to take opportunity
of the great "clash" yesterday values that are worth
miles to come — not "sales prices," but big bargains.
For this Tuesday and Wednesday three trade-bringers
that will startle you and challenge competition have been
placed upon the tables designed for quick clearance.
You'll find many things on sale in store too numerous to
mention, too small in lots to advertise, yet small enough in
price to make 'em move quick. See !
About 1000 MEN'S COLORED BORDERED HAND- £*
KERCHIEFS, full size, beautiful borders and !TSCI
fast colors, excellent quality — in fact, worth v-^^"'v -^^"'
25c. Tuesday and Wednesday Each
CREDITORS' CONSOLIDATION CLASH. ! CREDITORS' CONSOLIDATION CLASH.
MEN'S EXTRA HEAVY BOYS' BLOUSES AND
KLONDIKE ULSTERS, WAISTS, about 800 alto-
cut extremely long, gether, some worth 50c,
very warm and dura- Aft IK others 75c, but Tuesday If"
Me. Tuesday and \ V and Wednesday go onIKD
Wednesday only VU"^" ; Special Sale for only lull
Worth $8.
We are now making elaborate preparations for our
Great Jubilee and Birthday Sale combined, which, when
completed, will eclipse anything ever seen or heard of
before. Watch daily papers for particulars.
THEBALD WIN
CLOTHIERS, HATTERS AND FURNISHERS,
Q24-Q3O MARKET STREET.
Even the most enthusiastic take the
mother lode story with many grains of
salt.
The legs and feet of William Byrne
of Chicago, who had those extremities
frozen near Little Salmon River and
was abandoned by his stepfather, have
been amputated a short distance below
the knee. He is in a fair way to recov
er. The young woman who eloped with
a young man from Seattle and was
frozen fast In a boat in Lake Marshall,
as a result of which she was confined
to a bed in a cabin with inflammatory
rheumatism, is being brought out on a
sled by three men. They will reach
the coast in a week or ten days.
No man in the party is without a
large or small buckskin bag full of gold.
There wns a small row of these gold
'"soldiers" standing up behind the bar
in a variety theater last night for tem
porary safety, while their owners en
joyed themselves free from the burden
of wealth.
William Kaufman has been on the
Yukon six years. He sold his claim on
El Dorado. Said he:
"I won't say how much I've brought
out. but I've got all the money I want
for the rest of my life."
He is about 34 years old.
The Pacific Coast Steamship Compa
ny has placed the steamer Wolcott on
the run between Juneau, Dyea and
Skaguay. She made her first trip to
day. Edwin Goodall is at Dyea and
Skaguay inspecting the present and
probable situation there when the rush
begins. HAL HOFFMAN.
DANGER GREATER THAN EVER.
Season's Rush May Result in a Yukon
Famine Next Winter.
From figures complied by a local steam
shlpman, who has naturally a good In
sight Into such matters. It would appear
that the coming season In the gold-stud
ded region of the Klondike will be one of
the greatest suffering from starvation if
the rush assumes anything like the pro
portions it now promises.
In the days of "49, when the famous gold
fields of this State brought thousands
across a dreary stretch of prairie land,
we are told that the trail across the
great American desert was an easy one
to follow; it was marked by the bleach-
Ing bones of thousands who in their haste
to reach the land of almost fabulous
wealth started without a proper equip
ment, or were physically unable to reach
the coveted goal, and fell by the wayside:
grewsome reminders of the perils of the
search for wealth.
Alike and yet unlike this is the journey
to the Klondike. While the way is some
what perilous, the dangers are not over
when one reaches Dawson. The early
pioneers found in California a land with
marvelous productive resources, and the
disapi»'intt-'<l gold aeeker was enabled to
turn his hand to agriculture, and the land
provided him with a subsistence if not a
competency. But how different is Alas
ka. The perils of the journey will have
been somewhat overcome by the trans
portation companies which will take care
of the argonaut on his journey, transport
his veriest necessities, and then — leave
him In a land which produces little or
nothing and handicapped by a long and
hard winter.
Placing the numbers at the lowest ex
treme, there will be, during the coming
season, 150,000 people In the Klondike re
gion for whom supplies must be found
for one year. Taking for a basis the
United States army calculations for ra
tions, it will take 10S.000 tons of provisions
to sustain life in those people for one
year. Adding to this 54,000 tons for kit,
tools, weight of packages, etc., and 20,000
tons for grain, hay, hardware, oil and
other miscellaneous supplies, there is a
grand total of 182,000 tons as the very low
est on which the 150,000 can subsist.
There are now but five river boats ply
ing on the Yukon, but that number will
perhaps be increased to twenty, with an
average capacity of not over" 600 tons
each, and these making two trips to th<;
season, which is hardly possible they will
be able to do, could only transport 24,000
tons at the very most.
There is a remote possibility that 20u
tons a day could be brought into the min
ing region via Chilkoot, Whites Pass and
other routes, but if this were attempted
the pass would soon be blockaded. If it
were possible, however, and the supply
could be kept up for seven months, only
42,(KK) tons of provisions could be calcu
lated upon. This total of 68,000 tons could
not, at the most, supply more than 55.000
people, for it must be borne in mind that
there are no stocks of supplies to draw
on. and there are added to this the addi
tional dangers of prolonged seasons and
disasters to transportation, which would
sadly cripple this meager supply. If all
the means of transportation in sight were
doubled they woirtd not be adequate for
the wants of 70.000 people.
Considering former estimates and the
rush which has already made itself ap
parent, and including the number already
in the gold belt of Alaska, 150,000 Is a very
small estimate, and it will in all proba
bility at least be doubled, if not trebled.
Of those who are going all intend staying:
at least a year, and few of these, par
ticularly those going on foot across the
Chilkoot. will be able to take anything
like a year's supplies, whilp many seem
to count on the food being dropped down
from heaven and are simply taking along
a good supply of blankets, mining tools
and camp utensils.
There will not be much difficulty In
getting the supplies up to Dyea. St. Mich
ael and other ports, as the steamship
companies are well equipped for trans
porting them so far, but further they
cannot go.
NEW TO-DAY.
WASTE NOT^WANT NOT.
He Who in Youth Outrages the
Laws of Nature Must Repay.
WHEN OTHERS FAIL, CONSULT
Hi &$$
DOCTOR SWEANY.
Established 15 Years
737 MARKET STREET
He restores lost vigor and vitality to
weak men. Organs of the body which
have been weakened through disease,
overwork, excesses or indiscretions are
restored to perfect health and strength
through his new and original system of
I treatment. RUPTURE cured by his new
method, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARICOCELE, hydrocele.
swelling and tenderness of the glands
treated with unfailing success. Contagi-
ous blood poison in any of its stages
thoroughly eradicated from the system.
Ladles will receive special attention for
ail their many ailments. WRITE if you
cannot call. No charge for advice by
i mail. He will also send you a valuable
1 book, "Guide to Health." free of charge.
Address F. L. SWEANY, M. D., 737 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco, Cal.
Wright's Indian Vegetable Pills
! Are acknowledged by thousands of persons who
I have used them for over forty years to cure
! SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TION, Torpid Liver, Weak Stomach,' Pimples
and purify the blood. •_ ■ ■ ". .
Crossman's SDeciflc Mixture.
With this remedy persons can cure themselves
I without the least exposure, change of diet or
change In application to business. The medicine
, contains nothing: that is of the least Injury to the
■ constitution. Ask your druggist for It. Price, U
. a bottle.
34
CONGRESS HARD AT WORK
THIS MEASURE
WILL EXCLUDE
SOME ALIENS
Immigration Bill Is
Passed by the
Senate.
Restrictions Placed Upon
Those Who Seek
Admission.
Chief Among These in the New
Law Is the Educational
Qualification.
WOLCOTT ON BIMETALLISM
Lengthy Speech Dellyared by the
Colorado Statesman in the Cause
of the White Metal.
Bpecial Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington. Jan. 17.
The features of to-day's proceedings
in the Senate were the speech of Sena
tor Wolcott of Colorado, chairman of
the bimetallic commission, upon the ne
gotiations of the commission with Eu
ropean countries relative to interna
tional bimetallism, and the passage of
the Lodge bill, restricting immigration
into the United States. The proceed
ings were the most interesting and im
portant that have characterized any
single day's work in the Senate during
the present session. In anticipation of
them the galleries were crowded at an
early hour. Quite unexpectedly Sena
tor Hanna appeared at the opening of
to-day's session. Foraker, the senior
Senator from Ohio, presented Hanna's
credentials for the remainder of Sher
man's term, which will expire cm March
4, 1893, and asked that the oath of office
be administered to him. Foraktr es
corted his colleague to the desK,. where
Vice-President Hobart administered the
oath of office.
At the conclusion of the morning
business Wolcott, at 12:50, was recog
nized to begin his address. He was in
fine voice, and commanded the earnest
attention of his auditors. At the con
clusion of the speech Wolcott was in
stantly surrounded by his Republican
colleagues, desirous of tendering tv him
congratulations.
At the conclusion of "Wolcott's speech
the immigration bill was taken up and
discussed until 4 o'clock, the hour at
which by previous agreement it had
been arranged to vote finally upon the
amendments and the bill. An amend
ment offered by Spooner of Wisconsin,
providing that the ability on the part
of an immigrant either* to read or
write should be accepted as sufficient
teat of his literacy, was adapted by a
vote of 42 to 22.
Another amendment by Spooner, pro
viding that the members of the family
accompanying an immigrant rejected
under the conditions of the bill should
be returned to the country whence
they came by the steamship -om
paniep, was also adopted. Other ef
forts were made to amend the measure,
but failed. The bill was then passed
by a vote of 45 to 28.
The bill as passed provides that all
Immigrants physically capable and
over 16 years of age shall be able to
read or write the English language or
some other language; but a person not
able to read or write who is over 50
years of age and is the parent or
grandparent of qualified Immigrant
over 21 years of age, capable of sup
porting such a parent or grandparent,
may accompany the immigrant, or the
parent or grandparent may be sent for
and come to join . the family of the
child or grandchild over 21 years of
age, qualified under the law; and wife
or minor child not able to read or write
may accompany or be sent for and
come and join the husband or parent
■who is qualified.
The act does not apply to persons
coming to the United States from the
island of Cuba during the continuance
of the present disorder there who have
heretofore been inhabitants of that
island.
Among the memorials presented were
the remonstrances of 112 Roman Catholic
societies, representing more than 50 000
members, offered by Murphy of New
York, against the enactment of the pend
ing immigration bill.
Fo raker, for the Pacific Railroad
Committee, reported a substitute for the
bill relating to the Pacific railroads and
asked for its immediate consideration.
Objection was made and the report went
over until to-morrow.
Hale of the Appropriations Commit
tee reported the urgent deficiency bill
passed last week by the House, and gave
notice that he would call it up to-mor
row at the conclusion of the routine
morning business.
Harris of Kansas presented a resolu
tion, for which he requested immediate
consideration, asking the Secretary of
th* Treasury why, since ISS2 - he had
omitted from his statement an Item of
something more than $11,000,000 Interest
«nr^ e a United States from the Pacific
railroads. Objection was made by Thurs»
over unt^o r - a morYow d th ° reßOluti ™ ■«
«r£!, le °.f. f br ff k * presented and asked
immediate consideration for a resolution
directing the Committee on Pensions to
ascertain b> ; hat , authority the Com
missioner of Pensions refused to pa«s
upon applications for increase until
twelve months should have elapsed since
the last allowance was made
of G tJ,'i n T> er r>°- f N 'T Ham »"'hlfe. chairman
of the Pensions Committee, objected tn
immediate consideration and the matter
went over until to-morrow. matter
Wolcott of Colorado, chairman nt the
Bimetallic Commission, was Cognized
for a speech upon the work of the com
NEW TO-DAY.
Pears' soap is
dried a whole
year. That's
why it lasts so.
mission. By this time the galleries and
the floors were crowded. Wolcott was in
fine voice and spoke with only occasional
reference to his manuscript, which he
had before him. He was accorded the
closest attention by his auditors, among
whom were many members of the House.
Wolcott Introduced his subject by say
ing he was glad to make a statement re
specting certain phases of the work of
the recent Bimetallic Commission, but in
so doing he spoke unofficially, not com
mitting his associates in the slightest de
gree, either to his opinions or deductions.
Alien of Nebraska, desiring to sp-ak
upon the resolution which had been the
basis of Wolcott' a remarks, asked that
the resolution be read.
Lodge of MwffWfhTiffwff demanded the
regular order of business, which was the
immigration bill, and as he was sustained
by the Vlce-Presldent, Allen said that,
as he had the floor, he would speak on
that bill.
Hoar of Massachusetts announced that
he would be compelled to leave th»* cham
ber, anil requested Allen to yield him a
few minutes fur some remarks upon the
bill. The request was granted, and Hoar
spoke in favor of th»> bilL
Bpooner of Wisconsin, while supporting
the general character of the bill, pointed
out a feature which, he said, was indefen-
Bible, namely, that requiring an Immi
grant to both read and write portions
<>f the United States constitution. Rather
than support the provision requiring the
.immigrant to write as veil us read he
would be compelled to vote against the
bill.
At the conclusion of Spooner's remarks,
an agreement having been reached by
the Wisconsin Senator and I^odge. in
charge of the measure, that Mr. Spooner
should draft an amendment providing
that steamship companies should take
back to Europe the wife and children of
an Immigrant who faJled to meet the
requirements of the proposed law. Lodge
spoke briefly in support of the measure.
He declared' that the opposition to the bill
had been stimulated by the German
steamship companies, who would suffer
by its passage. They had aroused the
opposition to the measure, and had tx
aided materially by the Deputy Com
missioner of Immigration, who hart h : -^-
self been a citizen 01 this country for
scarcely seven years.
The amendment offered by Spooner was
then adopted by 42 to 22.
(":iffery of Louisiana offered an amend
ment increasing the age of immigrants
affected by the bill from 16 to 21 years.
The amendment was lost by 28 ayes to 36
ii"f<;.
Kyle of South Dakota offered an
amendment providing that any immigrant
convicted within a year of his landing
in this country of a felony or other vio
lation of the law shall be returned to the
country from which he came. The amend
ment was l<st without division. The bill
was Hi- ii placed on Its passage arid
passed by a rote of 16 to 2S, the detailed
vote being as follows:
Ajm Allison. Baker, Bunuwa, Cannon. Car
ter. Chandler, Chllton, dark. DavU. Elkins,
Fairbanks. Foraker. Fry-. Gallinper. Hate,
Hanna, Hancbrough. Harris. Hawley. Hoar,
Kyle. i. '._•■■ II Slide, M-Mlllpn. Mantle.
Mason. XI rrill. Penrose. Perkins. Pettiirrpw,
Platt of Connecticut, Platt of Now York.
Prltohard. Proctt r. Quay, Pewell, Ph->up.
Spooner, Teller. Ttrarston. Tiliinan, Warren.
re. Wilson ;in.l Wolcott — tf.
X..es— Allen. Bacon. Bate. Berry, Caflery,
Clay, Cockrell, Daniel. Oorman, Heitfeld,
.Tones of Arkansas. Kenny, T. in '.say. ltcEnery,
Maltory. Martin. Mills. Mitchell, Money. Mor
gan. Murphy. P^ttus. Rawllna, Roadie, Stew
art. Turpie, \Ynlthall an<l White— 2B.
After the Immigration bill was disposed
of the Senate devoted some time to the
Oration of bills on the calendar.
Among the measures considered was one
oalle.i np by Mr. Hansbrougb of North
Dakota, amending section 22.14 of the Re
vised Statutes so thj t registers of land
offices and receivers of public moneys for
each land district established by law shall
be liable under their bonds for all moneys
n ceived by them for the saie of Indian
lands. The bill was passed.
A bill authorizing the Mus^ogee Coal
and Railroad Company to construct and
operate a railway through the Indian Ter
ritory and Oklahoma Territory and for
other purposes was passed, on motion of
Baker.
eerier, chairman of the Census Com
mfttee, gave notice that after the dispo
sition to-morrow of the urgent deficiency
bill he should insist upon the considera
tion of the unfinished business, which is
the measure providing for the appoint
ment of a director and thirty-one other
employes of the twelfth and subsequent
censuses.
Allison, chairman of the Appropriation
Committee, in this connection desired it
to be understood that the appropriation
hills which, under the Senate procedure,
have the right of way over other legisla
tion, would be pressed by his committee
and that the pension appropriation bill,
now on the calendar, would be called up
probably on Wednesday.
In response to an inquiry from White of
California, Carter said he had no desire
li avor t" displace the consideration
of the Hawaiian annexation in executive
session, but he thought the census meas
ure ought to be passed promptly. Fills
were passed providing for an American
register for the steamer Navahoe, and to
amend section 4440 of the Revised Stat
utes, authorizing the licensing of mates
on river and o^ean steamers.
The Joint resolution providing for par
ticipation by the United States In the
fisheries exposition to be held this year in
Bergen. Norway, which had been passed
by the House, was passed.
The Senate then, at 4:45 p. m.. on motion
of Quay, went, into executive session, and
at 5 p. m. adjourned.
BOSTON HARBOR
TO BE PROTECTED
Land Purchased by the Gov
ernment for Suitable
Fortifications.
Whan Needed Batteries Are Put In
All Danger From Foreign Fleets
Will Be Averted.
Special Pispatrh to Th» Call.
BOSTON, Jan. 17.— A large tract of land
on Cushlng Hill, Hull, belonging to the
Battery Heights Land Company, has been
sold by Charles Howard Smith to the
T'nlted States Government on private
terms, for fortifying purposes. The total
area is 347. 74S square feet. Batteries lo
cated at these points would command a
full view of the harbor and Massachus
etts Bay, while an auxiliary battery on
Paddocks Island, which, by the way, has
also been purchased, would cover the
broad sound, the Narrows and Nantasket
Roads. The acquiring 1 of this piece of
land is of a great deal of importance to
the national Governrmnt . :ts it is in a
position of great strategic strength in
the defense of the harbor.
If this place were left unfortified It
would be possible for a hostile fleet to
lie behind Telegraph Hill, and without
much difficulty la:id batteries which could
be plac-d on or/ just behind the crown
of the hill and from this elevated position
deliver a plunging lire which would
grettly embarrass the occupants of the
fort. and. if heavy guns rould be landed
would silence it altogether, provided that
the position couid be hold from a land at
tack. What might prove even wnrs<-, it
would be possible for a hostile fleet by
taking shelter behind the hill, to almost
fompletely screen itself from the tire of
the fort, while, as the fnrt itself would be
a fixed spot, its range could be easily as
certained, so that shells c<»ui<i be dropped
into it, while with heavy enough metal
the city could be shelled, pra^tlcallly
from cover. With a battery of heavy
guns mounted on the hills this danger
will be entirely removed, and a hostile
fleet will be unable to approach within
four or miles of Boston light without
being subjected to a heavy plunging flr«.
Mill Valley Pioneer Gone.
MILL VALLEY, Jan. 17.-The oldest
native of this place died to-day at the
age. of 71 years." His name was George
Hansen. and for, years he had lived on
the Boyle ranch, doing odd jobs. Every
m a > il? ?TnnL d J OUrney into town for the
maii.~. Bumb was one of the original
workers In the old mill a nortJnn nt
which still remains, and after which Mm
Valley was named. Hansen leaves no
relatives and no money. There or* on"?
two i ft in Mill Valley of those who
worked in the old mill away back in Isrr
when it was built by John Reed These
muth Gardn « and Ebenezer VVor-
THE SAX FRAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, IS9S.
NEEDS OF
THE ARMY
DISCUSSED
Big Appropriation Bill
Now Before the
House.
McClellan Says the Serv
ice Is Not Up to
the Standard.
Son of the Famous General in
Favor of a Complete
Reorganization.
LEWIS JOINS THE DEBATE
Denounces th« Dolncrs of Trusts and
Talks About Seligman's Con
gratulations to Hanna.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House.
Washington, Jan. 17.
This was District of Columbia day in
the House, but only three bills of local
importance were passed. The remaind
er of the session was devoted to further
consideration of the army appropria
tion bill. The debate was particularly
notable for a vigorous speech by Mc-
Clellan of New York, a son of General
George B. McClellan. attacking the
present army organization as obsolete
and Inefficient. He asserted that we
were woefully unprepared for war,
should a crisis come, and he contended
f'-r modern methods In organization,
equipment and supplies which would
enable the United States to meet an
emergency.
Lewis of Washington also made a
speech that attracted attention in de
nunciation of trusts, which, he de
clared, were threatening the liberties
of the country. The consideration of
the army appropriation bill was not
completed to-day.
In the course of the general debate
Griffith (R.) of lowa defended the policy
of retiring army officers on three-qurters
pay.
The debate was ma<sf> significant by an
attack upon the efficiency of the several
branches of the army by McClellan (D.)
Of New York, a son of General George
B. McClellan. The army, he declared,
was little better than a clumsily organ
ized national force top heavy with the
gold lace of staff officers, many of whom
had not seen more active service thun
falls to the lot of a member of the police
force. The army should, he declared be
entirely reorganized. He said this In
no spirit of Jingoism, but for the purpose
of calling attention of the country to tho
fart that we were paying a large price
for a very inefficient army, utterly un
prepared for war. while h very small ad
ditional » -xpenditure, with proper reor
ganization, would work wonders.
McClellan then went into a detailed
discussion of the various branches of the
service. Our infantry formations, he
said, would have been considered excel
lent in the seventeenth century. He criti
cized particularly the organization of the
cavalry. As indicating the poor quality
or condition of the mounts pur<
for the cavalry, he said, we were each
y ar replacing; 25 per cent of the cavalry
horses, while In Europe, Austria, for in
stance, but 12 per cent of the cavalry
horses were replaced annually, one of
the gravest defects in the present or
ganization, he said, was the lack of a
properly instructed and competent staff
In the modern sense of the word we had
no staff. At the present rate of accumu
lated reserve, he said, at the end of five
years we would only have enough ammu
nition to supply the lnfai.tr>- for two
days at the tiring rate of the battle of
Gettysburg.
Lewis (D.) of "Washington made a vig
orous speech against any increase in the
army, lie created something of an inno
vation by taking his position in the area
in front of the Speaker's rostrum and
speaking to the House face to face as to
a congregation. He charged that ih.
trusts were in control of the country and
constituted the mailed hand of power be
hind the decrees of the courts. If the
army were Increased the people would
he said, be justified in asking whether it
was not- to be used to barricade the
courts and break down everything that
means the freedom of tho country. He
differed, he said, Trom the leader (Bryan)
whose cause he had followed to the pit
He was not willing to subscribe to the
idea that free silver was the single end
to be fought for. There was necessity he
said for a return to the true democracy
which had for its end the freedom of the
individual as an individual. Lewis quoted
a telegram which he said Senator Ilanna
had received from Frankfort. Germany
signed by A. Selipman as follows: "I
congratulate you on your election: it is
most satisfactory to me." That message
he said, came from the man who >.
to plac» a mortgace on this Government
of $200.<«iO.OOO. Its insolence, he. said had
no parallel in history, save in the message
sent by I'ontius Pilate to the executioner
of Jesus Christ, congratulating him that
his work was well done.
Orosvenor interrupter to ask if Lf>wls
was aware that Seligman was an Ameri
can citizen.
"I am." responded Lewis. "He 1b an
unpatriotic American citizen." (Applause
on the Democratic side.)
Grosvenor recalled the fact that Mr
Seligman. with the credit of his house"
rendered Invaluable aid to the Union
cause during the war. To this Lewis re
plied with the statement that Mr. Selig
man had removed his residence from this
country at a time when he feared the
Income tax law would compel him to pay
his shar«» to the support of the Govern
ment. "He is the last man," said he
"whom I should take pride in calling an
American citizen."
Hull (R.) of lowa, chairman of the
Committee on Military Affairs, expressed
concurrence In the views of McClellan to
the extent that he believed the arm y
should be reorganized, as the present or
ganization was obsolete. lne discussion
°* v 2?._ n . "/^. f tnt> arm >* was continued
by Wheeler CD.) of Alabama. Clark (D)
of Missouri Cox (D > of Tennessee. Marsh
(R.) of Illinois and others.
Without completing the bill, the com
mittee arose, and at 5:10 p. m. the house
adjourned.
TO WELCOME VETERANS
AND THE NATIVE SONS.
Nevada City Preparing for the Entertain
ment of Encampment and Grand
Parlor.
NEVADA CITY. Jan. Preparations
have been begun for the entertainment
of the Grand Army, of the Republic and
kindred organizations of the , department
of California and Nevada, which will
hold a grand encampment here beginning
on April 19, and the Grand Parlor of the
Native Sons, which comes the following
week. Local veterans and natives are.
both arranging programmes of concerts
receptions and balls for the evenings, and
daytime excursions : over the mountains
and down into the mines.
SAN MATEO
WANTS THE
BOULEVARD
Citizens to Vote on a
Model Highway
Project.
Supervisors Decide to Is
sue the Call for an
Election.
Cost of the Road Estimated at
$310,000 by Surveyor
Gilbert.
WOULD MEAN A SAVING.
State Highway Commissioners Ex
plain the Many Benefits Cer
tain to Result.
Breclal Dlsratch to The Call.
REDWOOD CITY, Jan. 17.— Tn the
matter of the contemplated boulevard
through San Mateo County, Surveyor
Gilbert made a report to-day to the
Board of Supervisors. His estimate, of
the cost was 5310,000. The Commission
of Highways, comprising Messrs. Price.
Ash* 1 and Marson, was present, and
made a supplemental report commend
ing the project. The board considered
and accepted the reports, and instruct
ed the District Attorney to Incorporate
In his call f«.r an election to refund the
county indebtedness and to bond the
county for a $50,000 courthouse, a call
to further bond the county for $310,000
for the proposed boulevard. At the
next regular meeting of the board the
call for an election will be passed, and
the election probably will be held early
in March. After the passage of the call
for an election the Highway Commis
sion will make a tour of the county,
advocating the bonding of the county
ar.<l showing Btereopticon views.
Surveyor Gilbert's report, which was
submitted to-day, was as follows:
To the Honorable the Board of Super
visors of San Mateo County — Gentlemen:
In accordance with the order of your
board passed on November 1. 1597, I here
with submit a report upon the following
highway:
Commencing at the intersection of the
renter line of the county road between
Menlo Park and Palo Alto, and the center
line of the San Francisquita Creek, the
same being the boundary line between
San Mateo and Santa Clara counties, and
extending thence along the best grades
and alignments and as nearly as may be
on existing rights of way through Menlo
Park, Redwood, Belmont, San Mateo,
Millbrae and Colma to the county line be
tween San Mateo and San Francisco
counties, at a point 600 feet, more or less,
west of the Intersection of the said county
line with the center line of the right of
way of the San Francisco and San Jose
Railroad; thence southwesterly on the
best grades and alignments and upon
grades not In excess of four degrees,
through Spanlshtown, San Gregorlo. Pes
cadero and Pigeon Point to the line be
tween San Mateo and Santa Cruz coun
ties, at a point two and a half miles, more
or less, east of Xew Years Point. ,
The right of way of said highway in no
case to be less than forty feet.
The substructure of said highway to be
of durable material, as follows:
Small drains and culverts of the best
quality, thick-walled, salt glazed iron
stone sewer pipe, with concrete guard
walls.
Large culverts and bridges to be of ma
sonry or concrete and existing structures
to be utilized where they may be found of
sufficient durability and strength.
The ditches to be of adequate size and
conducted on true grades to proper out
lets.
The roadbed on that portion of said
highway between Santa Clara and San
Francisco County lines to be not less than
forty fv<'t wiiif and no less than eighteen
(18) feet of this width to ho macadamized
throughout with at least nine (9) inches of
broken stone, well selected, thoroughly
screened and weU roiled and sprinkled
and laid in three layers.
The remainder <<f the roadbpd to be
graded to conform with the macadam por
tion, rollfci] and sprinkled to form an
tarth road for rammer use.
The essential features of the work on
that portion of paid highway between the
San Francisco County line and the Santa
• 'ruz County line are to correct Urn ex
isting dangerous and at times Impassable
grades and alignments, and to grs
roadbed not less than twenty (20) feet in
•width upon grades not exceeding four (4)
per cent: the roadbed on this portion of
said highway to be not less thi-n forty (40)
Met In width in the level cutting and
twenty (20) feel of graded roadway on
Bldehill cuttings.
That portion of said graded hlghway
from the San Francisco County line to
the summit of the Snn Pedro Mountains
Is abundantly supplied with rock of ■
fair quality for surfacing ut a moderate
cost.
That portion of said graded roadway
from the summit of the Ban Pedro Mount
ains to Spanishtown traverses a section
of country, the suhsoil of which is a good
road surfacing material, except in cer
tain limited portions thereof which are to
be surfaced with rork or graveL
The remainder of this highway from
Spanishtown to the Santa Cruz County
line to be graded as herein merit lon. d. and
graveled or surfaced with rock as the M
ture of the soil may reo,uir<\ and SJ th<
locality may furnish suitable material
The estimated cost of this work In $.110,
000.
Mo estimates are made for riKhtn of way
for the various properties and lnt«r»sts
Involved will be sufficiently benefited to
Justify the wanting of such right without
charge to the bond fund.
I respectfully recommend that no work
be done, nor contract let, except upon tin
basis of detailed plans and specifications
prepared by this office and approved by
the Department of. Highways of the Stalo
of California.
In their auxiliary report the mem
bers of the Highway Commission say:
Wr- have made special studies of the
development of suitable quarries. In ex
amining all existing quarries and many
available cites we arc pleased to find that
your county furnishes an abundance of
excellent materials. There exist several
localities from v.hich an excellent sub
rrade or foundation layer of material can
be obtained.
Fn.m some of these the hardest flinty
Jasper (or chert> can be separated, which,
mlxt'd with one-fourth of the siliceous
limestone from near Byrne's store, will
make a surface material of the best qual
ity. In regard to this latter material, it
has been alleged that it injures the var
nish and palßt Of vehicles, \Y> sub
mitted t..»s stone to a urelimfnary exami
nation In the College of Chemistry in the
T'nlversity of California, and l'nd this
idea entirely unfounded, the material
being neutral and harmless; the opposite
Idea being probably advanced as r>.n ex
cuse for neglect in promptly cleaning ve
hicles of dust or mud. which from any
source is injurious ir" neglected.
The mixture of the hardest, clean and
welt-crusted jasper, with a proper pro
portion of the siliceous limestone as a
cementing and binding material, with
thorough rolling and sprinkling, forms ■
good road surface of unexcelled quality
and durability, and we are pleased to note
that your county furnishes soon excellent
The facsimile /^~ £^^^~~U^~ii^~^^
■gnaturt of 6£*£#%&££tf of CASTOKUL
materials at available localities, and also
express the belief that careful examina
tion will reveal many additional sources
of equal! j -k.
Our thanks are due the members of vie
Board of Supt- rvisors for thoir courteous
co-operation in the work of developing
the wealth and resources of tue county
J>y the construction of good roads, anu we
feel assured that ...e citizens of the
county arf awake to tue necessity of
! prompt action in placing your county in
| the front of this important step.
In an interview with The Call cor
j respondent. Commissioner Price said
regarding the proposed boulevard:
•'The Department of Highways has
Riven some attention to the condition
of roads and the linancial policy of the
| present road building system in San
Mateo County. It finds that the Board
of Supervisors is expending every year
in the neighborhood of 160,000 fur road ;
purposes. In the year IV"> there was
: expended $63. 278 95 for general road
purposes. The assesssed valuation of i
I taxable property in the county for the
same year was about $13,284,000, of
which $11,643,170 was assessed for road
purposes at the rate or 40 cents on the
$100 for the year 1596 and for 1817 4'J
cents on the $100. the board taking ad
vantage of the late law permitting an
assessment of I mills on the dollar for ;
i general road purposes.'
"The Department of Highways has
; made a careful estimate of the cost of \
; building a model road upon good i
grades and alignments, and is informed
that in no county in the State is there
i a greater demand for better roads than
in San Mateo County. The topography
of the county is such that a portion of ;
the coast range mountains virtually
separates the eastern from the western
inhabitants. Along the shore of San
Francisco Bay the eastern division of ;
the county is located, one of the most
i prosperous and important sections of
the State. Over the roads of this sec
tion all travel from or to San Fran
cisco, by land, must pass. There is no
other outlet to the interior of the State
by land, except this. It is a portion of
the peninsula upon which stands the
metropolis of the Pacific Coast. The
present county road is graded and I
graveled or rocked to some extent, but !
with very inferior material, and upon i
very faulty grades.
"The electric car lines have taken
possession nf the present county road i
■ from the San Francisco County line to i
a point near Baden, a distance of about I
six miles. The roadbed has been so i
thoroughly neglected and used by the
ear tracks that the Commissioners are i
inclined to resort to another route
through this section of the county, as
no good highway can b<=> constructed on
the present right of way with the car
lines and other obstacles to contend
against.
"A mad constructed along the coast
on good grades will become the great
artery of communication with the me- ,
tropolis, n<>t <mly for the people living
along and adjacent to the road, but to
all travel from the coast counties
south of San Mateo and San Francisco.
It win Immediately open to inspection
some of the most inviting country on
the Pacific Slope, and if properly con
structed is destined to become one of
the scenic resorts of our State.
"Xo county in the State possesses ;
more favorable material for road pur
poses than does San Mateo. The length
of road from the Santa Clara line to |
San Francisco and thence to the Santa
Croi lino is about ninety-five miles
and the Highway Commissioners have
asked for $310,000 with which to con
struct the road. With this sum they
propose to correct the grades of the
present road. Increase the width of
macadam or rock roadway to eighteen
feet or more and replace all bridges,
culverts and drains with rock or con
crete and drains with terra cotta drain
pipes laid In cement.
"The conditions upon whi^h this per
mission shall be granted, if the people
grant the same, is unl- rsto ! to be
that the Board <>f Supervisors agree to
reduce the road tax levy every year
hereafter to the amount required to
pay interest and principal upon the
bonds as they may become due. Under
these conditions and none other would
the Department of Highways consent
to undertake the task of convincing
the people that it would be a business
proposition. It will thus be seen that
this scheme does not purpose the in
crease of the taxes of the property
owner except in incorporated towns,
where no road tax is levied.
"The towns of San Mateo and Red
wood ran well afford to pay their por
tion of the tax In return for the
benefits derived from a pood road
system. It will increase trade, increase
travel, build up the surrounding coun
try, populate the beautiful building
places and gradually increase the
value of assessable property in the
county.
M N« less than 500 bridges, culverts
and drainways must be maintained on
the road. Borne of the bridges are ex
tremely expensive to maintain, many
of them being over streams of a consid
erable watershed, entailing the con
struction of costly bridges. The lum
ber bills alone for the care of San Ma
teo County bridges and culverts often
reaches $7000 per year, without the con
struction of a single new bridge. The
average bills for lumber for the past
four years has been $3000 for each year.
It has cost the county of San Mateo
$20,000 for lumber, labor on the bridges
and drainways for the years 1895 and
18P<5, or $10,000 per year. How much
more has been expended in labor the
records do not show.
"The present structures, with one or
two exceptions, are all composed of
wood, which are fast decaying and will
require rebuilding very soon. No less
than 140 bridges of lengths varying
from twenty to 200 feet, span. the var
ious drainways of the road above de
scribed. The life of a bridge construct
ed of wood may be put at five years.
Therefore in the next five or ten years
the county of San Mateo must renew
all these structures either with wood
or some other material. If the present
system of building with lumber is con
tinued it is safe to estimate the cost of
bridges for ten years next following on
the present highway at $70,000. or $7000
per year, and as long bm this system
Im continued every ten years win call
for nil expenditure of $70,000.
"The taxpayers can well figure what
tin- future moans, run upon the pres
ent t»yntoni of temporary repair*. In
twenty yours you will expend for
hrlrtrcoH nlon« $140,000: In thirty years
no !••• than $210,000. Win this pay? If
we replace these structures with rock
or concrete the expense will be at an
end, stone roadways can be construct
ed over them, thus making a perfect,
imperishable roadway."
COUNT POSADOWSKY'S
SECRET CIRCULAR.
Denounced as an Unheard-of Attack on the
Right of Combination, to Which Work
men Will Reply at Elections.
BERLIN', Jan. 17.— 1n the Reichstag to
day,. in the course of a discussion un the
Home Office estimates. Herr Wurm So
cialist, denounced a secret circular of
Count Posadowsky. Minister ox the In
terior, against strikers, which had re
cently been published in the Vorwaerta
the Socialist organ, as "an unheard-of
at i? c i c 4 w pon the rt * ht of combination, to
which the workingmen would reply at th.»
elections." • c
Count Posadowsky, amid noisy demon
strations by the Socialists, declared that
the circular did not touch the right of
combination, but that workers must be
protected against terrorism by strikers
lie asserted that in England the employ
ers were in tho hands of the trade*
unions, who dictate strikes. trades
H«T Singer said the Vorwaerts would
continue to publish such documents
Count Posadowsky rejoined thatHerr
Blngfrn words amounted to an Invlta
don to officials to violate their -oath for
C b r C U aSo°f n V;i^ Ched the **£**
CANNOT
— BE3 —
LAULLLLUi
The celebrated chemist, Dr.
R. Ogden Doremus of New York
City, in writing recently, said :
| "I commend 'O. F. C Whiskey
to the public and to the medi-
cal profession in their practice."
; This statement by the eminent
chemist shows the great purity
, of this justly celebrated whiskey
in addition to the guarantee
which the .U. S. Government
gives of its being 100 per cent
proof. This guarantee can be
seen upon every bottle of the
whiskey purchased, showing
that it is bottled under the di-
rect supervision of the Govern-
ment. These things prove the
purity and power of "O. F. G."
beyond a question of a doubt.
GOOD TIMES HAVE COME.
You can afford to indulge yourself or your
family in the luxury of a good weekly news-
paper and a quarterly magazine of fiction.
You can get both of these publications -with
almost a library of good novels for $5 per year.
§|f/<IEWYQRH H UfVSSMif
world-famed for its brightness and the most
complete General Weekly — a wiaer
range of subjects suited to the tastes of men
and women of culture and refinement than any
journal— published. Subscription price,
$4 per annum.
TALES FROM TOWN TOPICS, a i S 6-pag9
Quarterly Magazine of fiction, appearing the
first day of March, June, September and De-
cember, and publishing original novels by the
best writers of the day and a mass of short
stories, poems, burlesques, witticisms, etc
Subscription price, $2 per annum.
Club price for both, $5 per annum.
i'ou can have both of these if you subscribo
NOW and a bonus of 10 novels selected from
the list below. Regular price for each, 50
cents. All sent postpaid.
Remit $5 in New York exchange, express or
postal money order, or by registered letter,
together with a list of the 10 novels selected,
by numbers, to
TOTV!V TOPICS,
808 Firth Avenue, .Yew York.
6-THF SAT.F OF A SOUL. By C. M. S. McLelUn.
»-THE COUSIN' OH THE KING. By A. S. V»n\V«trnm.
»— SIX MONTHS IN HADES. By Chdce I. dins-ham.
»-THK SKIRTS OF CHANCE. By Captain Alfred
Thompson.
JO-ANTHONY KENT. By Charles Stokes Wayac
11-AN ECLIPSE OF VIRTUE. By Champion Bissell.
I*-AN UNSPEAKABLE SIR] N. fey John Gilliat.
13-THAT DREADFUL WOMAN. By Harold R. Vynna.
14-A DEAL IN DENVER. By Gilmer McKendree.
IJ— WHY? SAYS GLADYS. By David Christie Murray. -
16-A VERY REMARKABLE GIRL. By L. 11. Bick'ford.
i--A MARRIAGE FOR HATE. By Harold R. Vynne,
-°*'£ OF THE SULPHUR, By T. C De Leon.
•9-THE WRONG MAN. By Champion Bissell.
2<7-THb HUNT FOR HAPPINESS. By Anita Vlvantl
Chart res.
•i-HE;< STRANGE EXPERIMENT. By HaroH R. Vynne.
"—ON THE ALTAR OF PASSION. By John Gilliat.
«J-A. MARTYR TO LOVE. By Joann* E. Wood.
«Uy!l^«»^T3o^fc, RUPTURE rsE ££
KSPjC-yj. _ •> *>*£^.-T>ISBMB RIjI ILItC n; re Iron
, y^. \ i ,/ s Hoops or Steel Springs.
' : b&£>£'^[-ir Rupture retained with
r ii^.'-b^'^^^r* : ''' ease and comfort, and
H — j«HBRtJK^— " thousands radically Cured
n —^>SrtV^- s >* Dr- Pierce 1 * Celebrated
U /fir x Magnetic Elastic Truss. (T^Call
m /jW\- at office or write for New
9l \jgSjf \ Pamphlet No. 1. Address MAG-
NETIC ELASTIC TRUSS CO..
DR. PIERCE & EON. 704 Sacramento st. (.cor.
Kearny), SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.
[CyVVhen writing please mention Tha Call.
Loan Wanted.
$5000 for 2 years
■^M|^^lhM|Hbh^ at 8 per cent. Se-
curity is ample and
borrower a business
man. Buggy fcr
fc&p&fr>s use at my office.
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S ««**
flflf& Museum of Anatomy
1 l 1051 37. tet. 6th i 7th,S.r.C»l.
W • W Th * Lament of Its Hello the W»rlJ.
I^Sfel DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
jk Contoluuioa free. TTrtt* for Bo«k
Wl Phifosophy^of " Marriage.
f ' *'Yf\ii «!■ I I//// * "^
-Say the main thing to do is to keep the stomach, liver and bowl, ?n
RIPANS TABULES
iHigliglsgg
contain exactly what he would tell you to ti?. §# abuleS j
ONE TABULE GIVES RELIEF.
nunm cure follows a fair trial. NO TTNCERTAINTY about IT.
NEW TO-DAY.
"TtFauction
-BY-
SHAOTALD, BUCKBEE & CO.
Salesroom— 2lS and 220 Montgomery rtre«t
Mills Building.
PROBATE SALE
TUESDAY,
Tuesday • January 25, IS9S,
At 12 O'clock. Noon.
By order of Public Administra-
tor A. C. FREESE, Esq.
REFEREE PARTITION SALE.
W. L. Harper, Referee.
Nos. 218 to 220 Ritch street, west line, 200
1 feet south of Bryant street; 10 flats: rents $33;
lot 50x75 feet.
ESTATE OF ELLEN SLOAN.
Broadway Corner.
S. . E. corner Jones and Broadway; lot 47xS0
j feet, with two frame tenements; grand marine
view; flats on this property would pay well.
ESTATE OF DUEL DRISGOLL.
Mission and Thirtieth Sts., Extension
Lot.
"West line Clinton avenue, 300 feet south of
i Berkshire street; lot 25x100; close to San Mateo
j electric line.
ESTATE OF'eTs. MATHEWS.
Precitn Valley Lot.
. Pouth line Prospect plnce. 230:9 feet west of
Columbia place; lot 30xl.'i0 feet to Mary street.
ESTATE OF TOOTHY I. GIBLIN. Deceased.
S. E. corner Clay and Leavenworth streets;
lots 35:6x100 feet: No. 1222 Leaven-worth street,
!*os. 1329-1331 Clay street; covered with sub-
stantial three-story building, two stores and
five flats: solid foundation; excavated, base-
ment; total rents, %:?• 50.
ESTATE OF MARTIN DOUGHERTY.
Riplev Place Dwelling.
North line Rlpley place. 22." feet east of Fol-
'■ pom street: lot 50x100 feet, with two-story
house of 4 rooms.
. ESTATE OF BRIDGET NEM.
People's Homestead.
Lot No. 9. block No. 11. Silver avenue, near
Railroad avenue; lot 2",x7." feet.
ESTATE OF M."C. BONNEY.
Southside Lot.
East line Twenty-eighth avenue, 100 feet
' south of ".T" street; lot 150x120 feft: six lota
Outside Land Block No. 742; good chance for a
speculation.
ESTATE OF JOHN S. LITTLE.
Sutter-St. Building Lot.
North line Putter street, 137:6 feet W. of Scott
street: lot 30:6 2-3x164:1 feet; street work done
and accepted: Putter street cars pass; grand lot
' for flats or residence.
ESTATE OFToHN TRAP?.
Twenty-?ourth Street Residence.
No. 2771 Twenty-fourth street. S. line. 40 feet
east of York street: two-story bay-window
i house of 8 rooms and bath; street paved and
accepted; Howard street cars pass the door;
lot 40x100 feet.
ESTATE OF ELIZABETH KELLY.
Mission Cottages.
Nos. 56 and H Merritt street. N. line, 36.37
feet E. of Pose street; lot MV"6x65.24 and 70
feet: 2 cottapes, 3 rooms each: rents $12; street
macadam; close to Eighteenth street electric
. line.
SPEAR-STREET WATER lot.
Lot X. E. line Spear street. 153:4 feet N. "W.
i from Folsom street: 1 block from water front;
splendid lot to Improve; would pay good in-
come.
ESTATE OF MAP~Y~LAREIN FLIM.
Valencia-St. Investment.
Nos. 621 and 521<i Valencia street, east line,
315 feet, north of Seventeenth street; lot 32x70
feet; store and two flats of 5 rooms each; rents
KO; street paved and accepted.
ESTATE OF AMANDA DALLAS.
Polk-St. Income Property.-
Nos. 219-2iSVi-21!>H Polk street, west line. 43
feet couth of Fulton street: lot 24x52'4 feet;
three fiats of 6 rooms and bath each; rents $50:
this property has a great future: close to Mar-
ket street and the New City Hall.
ESTATE OF LUCILLE HELEN WIELAND.
Elegant Residence Property.
Northeast corner California and TTeb"ter
streets; lot 40x132:6 feet, also lot adjoining
ncrth line California street. 30x132:6 feet; street
work all done and accepted by the city.
ESTATE OF MARTS. BEYAELY.
Perry St. Income Property.
No. 21S Perry street, between Fourth and
Fifth streets, Harrison and Bryant; good two-
story house of 7 rooms; rent's $15; lot 25xS0
feet.
ESTATE OF OWEN CLEMENTS.
Richmond Lot.
East line Eighth avenue. 75 feet south of Cle-
ment street: lot 25x120 feet: street sewered and
macadamized; on line Park branch Sutro elec-
tric road.
City Land Association.
Lots 27. 28. 20 and 30 on Ford street, block
No. 11; each lot 2:>Xlo ° feet; close to Ingle«ide
track.
City Land Association.
Lot 27. block No. 4, Monticello street- lot 23
xIOO feet; close to Ingleside track.
People's Homestead.
Lots 14, 15. 16 and 34. block No. 8, on Sweeney
and Hale streets; each lot 25x75 feet. Dweeney
People's Homestead.
lot^Sx^ few* X °" 4> GaV6n Stfeet> near King:
Weak Men and Women
CHOULD USEDAMUNA BITTERS THH
strength to the sexual organsEND OF AN
OCEAN RACE
The Brig Lurline Beat
Five Others in a Run
From Honolulu.
Arrival of the Wrecked Bark
Blairlogie's Crew From
Papeete.
Aver ,l Sailing Vessels Purchased
and Chartered for the Klon
dike Trade.
The fleet of racers from Honolulu ar- '
rived in a bunch yesterday. Sunday
night they were all off the Farallones,
and came into port one after the other
In the morning. The distance covered
Is considerably over 2000 miles, and yet
there was not six hours" difference in
the time occupied by the different yes-
Bels making the run.
They sighted each other on many oc
casions during the race, and the bark
entine Archer and the brig: W. G. Ir
win were in company on several occa
sions. In light weather the brig would
run away from her more heavily spar
red companion, but when it came on to
blow a bit the Archer always caught
up with her. The fleet that got in was
the brig W. G. Irwin, the barkentines
W. H. Dimond and Archer, the bark
Albert and the schooner Transit. The
brig Lurline also came In from Kahu
lul, but as she was not in the race her
time does not count.
The Lurllne was off Meiggs wharf
end at anchor before any of the other
vessels showed up. The Irwin was the
next to come in, and she was followed
by the Dimond. Then came the Arch
er, in tow of the tug Rescue, and the
Albert, In to-w of the tug Alert. The
Transit, which was backed in Honolu
lu to win the race, was the last of the
fleet to get in.
The barkentine City of Papeete ar
rived from Tahiti yesterday with eight
een of the crew of the wrecked British
bark Blairlogie on board. The vessel
Trent ashore on Matahira Island, one
of the Tahita group, and became a to
tal wreck. The crew escaped, and Cap
tain Maokay sent a boat to Papeete to
ask for assistance. The steamer Croix
de Pud was sent out by the French.
Government, and brought in the ship
wrecked men, all of whom took pas
sage on the Papeete/ save four who will
cast their fortunes in with the natives.
ThoFe who came up on the Papeete
were Captain Mackay, his wife and two
children. First Officer Archibald Faill.
Becond Officer J. A. Haddock, Third Of
ficer John Bishop. Carpenter J. Howe
and thirteen Beamen. The Blairlogie
was from Pelagoa Bay for Astoria, and
went ashore during heavy weather.
Captain Mackay says that when she
Btruck on the reef everything possible
was done to get her off, but she swung
broadside on, and soon began to break
up. The entire crew had to walk across
the island on which they were wreck
ed, In order to meet the boat that was
Bent to their rescue. When half way
across the men deserted the captain
and his wife and children, saying that
It was a case of every man for him-
Belf.
When Captain Hutton of the French
steamer heard what the men had done
he refused to allow any of them aboard
until they went back and brought in
the captain and his family. This the
men did. and then the Croix de Sud
started for Papeete.
Frank Cookson, late chief engineer of
the Proereso. is going out as chief en
gineer of the steam schooner Navarro.
Nearly all the berths on the steamer
Alliance, -which will leave her" for Cop
per River on February 15, are already
engaged. One party of fifteen and an
other of twenty are going to fight shy
of the Klondike, and they are going to
do all their prospecting in the rook Tn
let country. The Pacific Steam Whal
ing Company experts to be kept busy
carrying passengers all next summer
to the Copper River; it will run the
pteamers Valencia, Excelsior, Alliance
and Wnlcott at regular intervals to
Orca Station. At that point the steam
ers will connect with stern wheel boats
belonging to the company, and passen
gers will be taken to any point within
a reasonnble distance of the place to
which they want to gn.
The steamer City of Stockton was
nearly eight hours late in getting in
yesterday. When a mile out of Stock
ton she stuck in the mud, and the cap
tain and crew had great difficulty in
frying her.
The T'nited States steamer Adams
palled from Honolulu on the Oth inst..
Bnd may b« expected to arrive here In
time for the Jubilee celebration. She
has on board eight prisoners and four
Elck men from the Baltimore and Ben
nine~tor>, all of whom will be sent to
Mare bland as soon as the warship
reaches port.
The old scaling: schooner Emma and
Jjoulsa is having a hard time of It In
Hawaiian waters. She was purchased
by San Diego people when her sealing
days were over and placed in the
Honolulu trade. This was her first voy
age to the Paradise of the Pacific as a
■trader, and it is likely to be her last.
The Hawaiian authorities got it into
their heads that there was something
wrong with the vessel's cargo, and
threw every obstacle possible in the
captain's way. The Hawaiian Inde
pendent said: "The schooner Emma
end I^ouisa has seventy tons of oargo
left in her hold. The Is making
n storehouse of the vessel, which is be
ing guarded by Custom House guards
et the rate of $6 n day." Cnrnmentins:
unon this matter, the Independent said:
"The owners of the schooner and its
cargo attempted a commercial pxneri
ment whi^h might have materially ben
efited ouite a section of this communi
ty. It is unfortunate that their first re
ception should have be»-n so onkind'v,
but probably, as ever, the eusto-m offi
cials, when properly called upon may
be in a position to justify the extra pre
cautions they are said to have taken in
resrard to the vessel's cargo."
The schooner Adam "W. Spies, from
Boston to Honolulu, was on fire while
the Peru was in port. Tt started in the
lazarette. and Cantain Ondotte is of the
opinion that it was Incendiary. The
crows of the Baltimore. Bennington
and Adams were soon on the scene, and
it did not take them long to get the
fire under control.
The call for ships for t*e Klondike
rush Is still unabated. The schooner
M. Coleman has been chartered at the
rate of $100 a day and th» ship Eclipse
at the rate of $50 a day.. ln the case of
theColeman the owner paysthe rnnriinE:
expenses, but in the case of the Eclipse
they are paid by the, charterer. The
Bhip Lucille was to have brought a car
po of con.l to San Francisco, but her
charter has been purchased by Klon
dike people, and she will be turned. lnto
a passenger vessel to run between the
Four.d and Ft. Michael. Th<» T /e^''s
"Walsh .has also been purchased by Se
attle pponle. and when passenger ac
commodations have be<»n placed in her
she will be put on the Dvea route. Th»
ship James Xesmith. forty-five days
out from Philadelphia for Pop- Diego,
has been purchased by Mighells &
A RACE OF BRIGS AND BARKENTINES
Fair Winds Bring Home a Fleet From Hawaii, Each Vessel Truing for First
Place in the Line.
In a run or over 2000 miles there was not six hours' difference at the finish between the hrlj W, G, Irwin, harkentlnes
W, H, Dimond and Archer, hark Albert and schooner Transit. The Lurllne heat them, hut as she Is from Kahulul and the
others are from Honolulu she did not count as a competitor.
Boudrow for the coasting trade, to take
the place x>f the Rufus E. Wood, which
is to- carry pasengers between San
Francisco and St. .Michael. The pur
chase price of the Nesmith Is said to be
$25,000.
The steamer T T matllla. which arrived
from Puget Sound yesterday, reports
that on January 15 when seventy miles
south of Flattery a four-masted bark
entine, with her foretopmast gone, was
passed.
SCOTCH SOCIAL.
A Pleasant Evening Sperjt by the
Members of the Westminster
Church.
A Scotch social was given at the West
minster Presbyterian Church by the
ladies of the conprepatlon last evening,
daughter was the principal thing on the
programme and then a little talk and
once and a while a song or a piano se
lection.
Everybody had a good tlm* and tho
evening, which was an experiment, was a
success. It was decided to have such an
evening every month.
The programme was:
Piano M1»8 Oarrinßtnn; w->npr by the 'Wwrt
tntnster Church quartet: rtuet -by Mr. I^arnori
of the Knickerbocker quartet: duet br Miss
Perkins and Mr. Davis: *onr by Miriam
Thompson; Brings by Hohert Rurno.
CHARGED WITH GRAND LARCENY
Johr> Ralney Caught in the Act oF
Robbing a Roorr). -»
John Ralney, a boiler-maker, was ar
rested last evening by Officers O'Connell,
McCormlck and Traeey for stealing a
sealskin coat and a silk dress from the
rooms of Bridget Johnson at 24 Geneva
street.
Ralney applied for permission to enter
the back yard, but instead went upstairs
and stole the property. When he had en
tered the yard on his way out a bull dog
gave an alarm, which could be heard for
blocks, and the officers quickly responded
at Mrs. Johnson's calls for help, with the
result that Rainey is in prison.
SAN FRANCISCO
IS WELL KNOWN
As an Outfitting Port It Is At
tracting Thousands in
the East.
Mor* Reports of the Success of the
AlasKa Trade Committee's
Car.
D. M. Carman, secretary of the Alaska
trade committee, returned Sunday even
ing from Chicago, and reports that the
interest in Alaska and the Klondike
throughout the sections visited, as well
as those with which he corresponds, far
exceeds his expectations, and he believes
the number of people going Into the
Alaska gold fields during the coming sea
son has not been overestimated.
The trip from here to Chicago was a
signal success. It Is doubtful whether a
party for a similar purpose ever received
such welcomes and was entertained by
such people as met the Alaska trade com
mittee's car. In every city visited the
party was received by tin- Mayors, to
gether with representative business men,
iind in three of the States the Governors
came to the car and extended a welcome
to the party. In addition to this the
Governor of Nebraska sent a long tele
gram to Omaha expressing his regret at
not being able to meet the party, and
subsequently he sent hia chief of staff to
personally receive it. Governor Tanner
of Illinois was at the Great Northern and
awaited the arrival of the party there.
Mr. Carman was quite enthusiastic in
the expression of his views concerning
the desirability of the jubilee mining ex
hibit being taken to Omaha at the <-]o«a
of the fair here. He believes that greater
good can be done for California in gene
ral, as well as San Francisco in particu
lar, by this than by any other effort
that could be put forth in connection
with the Trans-Mississippi and Inter
national Exposition at Omaha.
YUKON MAIL.
(\ Letter Mail Service Once and
Twice Per Montr; Between
St. Michael and Weare.
The United States Government has ad
vertised for several proposals for carry-
Ing letter mall only from St. Michael
along the Yukon River by Kutlik, Kospr
efsky, Anvlk, Nulato and Novikatat to
Weare, near the mouth of the Tanana
Rlvur, 900 miles, and back, one round
trip a month, for a term of four years,
from July 1, 1898. to June 30, 1902. Bids will
he received al?o for two round trips a
month for service during the same period*
and for two round tri;>s a month for one
year. The contractor will provide supply
stations, boats, dog teams, reindeer, driv
ers, carriers, supplies and other equip
ment.
■ ♦ ■
fl Rancher pound Dead In Bed.
James Aitken, a rancher from Santa
Rosa, was found dead in his bed at the
Golden West Hotel la3t evening. He was
76 years old, a widower, and his death
was due to natural causes.
The City Full of Blaze.
But greater is the excitement at the
great furniture sale at the big house of
Pattoslen's, corner Sixteenth and Mis
sion. Crowds after crowds are fitting out
their homes. No wonder it Is so when
fine oak bedroom sets go at $13 50. Vel
vet carpets 80c a yard. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TrESDAY, JAXTJARY 18, 1898.
MOPS HIS BROW
AND SAWS WOOD
The Star Witness in the
Social Feud Refuses
to Answer.
All Sorts of Electrifying Ru
mors In the Halls of
the Rich.
Select Old Faml f Skeletons Taken
Out of Their Closets for
an Airing.
Poor Mr. Oreenway Is excltpfl. His
massive brow is decorated not with
beads, but buttons of perspiration, and
his usual mild seal eyes actually flash,
in spite of the fact that all eyes, ir
respective of color, have been enjoined
by Ambrose Bierce never to d<> so.
Ned's temper and patience have been
sorely tried. Everybody sterns deter
mined to draw him into a fight. There
have been chips innumerable placed
upon his square, manly shoulders, and
he has had to employ an able assist
ant just to hold him back.
He won't even submit to the sooth
ing influence of an interview. His us
ual good nature has forsaken him, and
the newspaper man's card is returned
with a polite if not strictly truthful
"not at home."
And the nir is full of rumors — ru
mors that only the great leader can
satisfactorily explain, and that Is why
the following note, typewritten on fin
est copy paper, was handed him be
tween the acts at the Baldwin last
night.
Mr. Greenway: Will you kindly answer
the following questions for The Call?
Why did you postpone your dance from
the 19th of January to the 11th of Feb
ruary when you knew the Fortnightly's
A FENDER HAS BEEN ADOPTED.
The San Francisco and San Mateo Electric Railway Company yesterday
asked the Board of Supervisors for permission to equip all Its cars with
fenders. The officers of the company. In making the request, say they
have been considering the question of fenders, and after careful examina
tion of the many contrivances that have been submitted for the considera
tion of the board and of their company they concluded that the Hunter au
tomatic fender was superior to most, if not all, of them. The fender they be
lieved was essential for use In this city, owing to the severe grades over
which the electric car lines run. It has a scoop fender under the car Just in
front of the wheels that Is automatically dropped and locked to the rails.
Another and important feature which Induced the selection of the fender
for use by the company is a resilient lath cushion attached in front of the
car which takes up in a great measure the force of a blow struck by a mov
ing car, at the same time tripping the fender in front of the wheels, allow
ing it to fall and lock on the rails and preventing a body from going under
the wheels. The railroad officers say in support of their request: "We
have taken this step in the hope that we may at least succeed in Impress
ing on your honorable board, as well as on the public, that we desire to
equip our cars with a life-saving device," and that no consideration other
than merit has governed us in the selection made."
affair took place on that evening?
J) X }} y . dld -l' v not att end the Monday
Nights last%eason, and do so this sea
son?
Ts there any troth in the story that in
vitations to the cotillon have ever been
for sale.
And a breathless world waits for the
answer that will never come, for
Greenway courteously but firmly re
turned the note saying there was no
answer.
All the facts concerning the possi
bility of purchasing social position
pale into very insignificance before the
astounding fact that Mrs. Salisbury
once actually worked In the Mint.
That statement, the fact that a
clever, hifrh-bred, educated woman
once earned her bread by the labor of
her hands, his caused the select to
shudder. In fact, it is rumored that in
one home, where coffins were tho
plebeian source of all the luxury and
splendor, the worthy matron and h r
two charming daughters wero so
phocked at the horrible revelation that
they neplect.- i to request th<>ir guests
to scratch their brora<lod-hung walls
no thut they might test the fine texture
of tho silk.
Also it Js recorded In another home,
where the humble stovepipe might
with fitness be regarded as the family
escutcheon, that there was much
moaning and sighing and unhappy
tears over this most deplorable state
of things.
And now while evidence Is being
established to prove that if the mother
of belles did wash down the front
doorsteps, tho buds have never put
iheir hand? in other than soft, per
fumed * - ater, an 'xpectant world curl-
Ottsly waits for Oreenway to answer
those important questions.
SELECTING A JURY TO
TRY RAYMOND FOR MURDER.
REDWOOD CITY. Jan. 37. -The work
of wltr.Uiig a Jury In the second Baden
murder case commenced this morning. A
large number of veniremen were exam
ined and excused. At the adjournment
of the court this afternoon but ten men
had been chosen for jury duty. A special
venire for ten more was ißPiied and made
returnable to-morrow morning at 10
o'clock.
The man now on trial in C. H. Ray
mond, wlio is supposed to have fired the
shot which killed (.:. A. Andrews. His
Mrcomplice, Winters, was tried here last
week and found puilty of murder in tne
first degree. While the Identification of
Raymond Is not so complete as that of
Winters, yet the prosecution is almost
certain of a conviction. There are some
reports to the effort that Winters will
tnke the stnnd and testify against Ray
mond. Should he do so. there is no pos
sible escape from a speedy conviction.
♦
Wires a Forfeit for Choynski.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17 —"Parson" Da vies
wired a $1000 forfeit to Al. Smith to-night
on behalf of Joe Choynski. who \s anx
ious to meet Kid McCoy. Tom O'Rourke,
who is a close friend of Davies. said there
Beemed to be no reason for McCoy's re
fusal to meet the Californian, now that
McCoy has expressed a willingness to
enter the heavy-weight class.
CONVICT WAGNER
GAINS FREEDOM
Warden Hal© of San Quentin
Ordered to Release tho
Prisoner.
Technical Point Which Other In
mates of tho Prison May U«« to
Their Advantage.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAX QUBMTJN PRISON. Jan. 17.—
Warden Hale lost one of his striped
guests to-day, when Rudolph Wagner, a
convict serving a sentence for burglary,
managed, through a technical point, to
gain his liberty.
Wagner's case I? one In whlc.i a law
point of considerable Interest was In
volved, and that he was successful In
gaining his freedom may encourage oth
ers In the big penitentiary to adopt sim
ilar methods. Wagner applied to Superior
Judge Frank M. Angellottl of Marln
County for a writ of habeas corpus. It
was issued, and the hearing came on to
day In San Rafael. Late this afternoon
Judge Angellottl rendered his opinion,
which gave to the convict his freedom.
The decision, which Is In writing. Is, In
part, as follows:
On December 22, ISP3, Wagner, on a plea of
guilty of burglary, wan adjudged to suffer one
year's Imprisonment in the State Prison at
San Quentin. i . ".\ .•*•■
Subsequently, to-wlt: On December 27, 1893,
he entered a plea of guilty to a second In
formation for burglary that had been filed
against him. and. waiving time, was there
upon sentenced to Imprisonment at said State
Prison for live years, "said term to commence
from expiration of sentence rendered Decem
ber 22, 1533. of one year.'" On December 30,
18M, he was, by the Prison Directors, deprived
of all his credits. • • • ..
Petitioner's claim is that the two sentences
ran concurrently, and that he became en
titled to his discharge upon the expiration of
four years' imprisonment In the State Prison,
and in this contention I am satisfied that he
is sustained by the statute.
If both convictions had been suffered prior
to the pronouncing of sentence In either case
section 669, Penal Code, would have applied
and" the Imprisonment on the second conviction
made to commence at the termination of the
first term. As I understand the law that sec
tion prescribes the only case in which one
term can be made to commence at the ex
piration of other terms. In all other ca»es
the term of Imprisonment fixed by the Judg
ment commences to run upon the delivery of
the defendant at the place of imprisonment.
This is the case with the second, or four
year Judgment, pronounced against petitioner,
and he, having suffered Imprisonment for the
full term, has satisfied the demands of the
law and Is entitled to his discharge. Let an
order be entered accordingly.
Wagner has not been a model prisoner
since his confinement in San Quentin and
lost all of his credits for breach of disci
pline. However, now he has his free
dom and others In the prison having
double sentences to serve may secure
their liberty In the same manner.
INTERESTS THE PEOPLE
OF THE PACIFIC COAST.
Chief Engineer Engard Transferred From
the Richmond to the Baltimore, Rt
lieving Chief Engineer Kirby.
WASHINGTON, Jan. 17.— Chief En
gineer A. C Engard has been detached
from the Richmond and ordered to the
Baltimore, relieving Chief Engineer A.
Kirby, who is ordered to the hospital at
San Francisco. Paymaster's Clerk S. F.
Rose has been assigned to the Mohican.
By direction of the Acting Secretary of
War, Trumpeter Charles Grill, Troop X,
Fourth Cavalry, Presidio, San Francisco,
will be discharged from the service of
the United States on receipt of this or
der.
Pensions have been granted M fO j_
lows:
California: Original — Henry Trombly,
Oakland. $6: James C Lawson, George
town. $8. Reissue — Isaac M. Dunn, Los
Anpel^H. $17.
Oregon: Original— Walter St. Clalr, Co
quillf. $i>. Original widows, etc.— Emma
V. Conwdl, Klamath Falls, J8; Minerva
J. Mcvey, Portland, $8.
Washinpton: Original— William A. Wil
lard. South Prairie, 56.
Assemblyman F. T. Lindenberger of
Riverside is at the Metropolitan. Ed Lane
nnd wife of San Francisco are at the
Ebbltt House. G. If. Boynton. who left
San Francisco on August 13 to walk
around the world, arrived In Washington
to-day.
Representative Barlow to-day Intro
duced a bill Increasing the pension of
Samuel Doolittle of Los Angeles to 930 a
month.
Representative de Vries Introduced a
bill removing the charge of desertion
from the military record of William C.
Loo per.
The Senate Committee on Claims,
through Senator Stewart, has reported
favorably the bill appropriating $32,000 to
the Union Iron Works of San Francisco.
/■_■.>;■_•_■ _._. NEW TO-DAY.
y^BKfc-*- - BBSttflßW SB^^^^ff^S^toihTiEißßC^FJßl BIBBS *-.*»Jt<l
1 STOVE POLISH. I
>»C Produces a JET BLACK enamel gloss. Dustless, Odorless, Labor HI
g?8 Saying:. 5 and 1 0 cent boxes. Try it on your Cycle Chain. lf||
9 J. L - PRESCOTT 4 CO., NEW YORK. W
WON'T PAY HIS
HOTEL BILLS
Byron S. Burns Wanted
for Defrauding an
Innkeeper.
The Complaining Witness Is
Mrs. Irwin of the Hotel
Bradbury.
Lady Proprietor of the Hotel Suther
land, Where He Is Stopping, Is
Also After Him.
Mrs. Tlllie A. Irwin of the Hotel
Bradbury swore to a complaint In
Judge Low's court yesterday afternoon
Byron S. Burns with defraud
ing an innkeeper.
Mrs. Irwin, in stating her case, said:
"Burns and his wife and two children
came to my hotel on July 4 last and se
cured a suit of rooms. He represented
to me that he was connected with the
Sonoma Wine Company and had re
cently come from the East. He had a
good appearance and dressed and spoke
well. As it is a rule in my house to pay
in advance I asked him for money. He
made an excuse that he was then short
of funds, but would pay me very soon.
"My suspicions were aroused from the
fact that they had no trunks with them
and after a week or id I asked him
where his trunks were. He replied that
owing to the crush caused by the Chris
tian Endeavorers coming to the city he
supposed the trunks had got mixed up
by the transfer company, but would
come all right soon. Things went on
for two or three months, but there was
no appearance of any trunks, and he
finally said they had been detained in
New Jersey.
"I got altogether $90 out of him and
about October 11 I told him he would
have to leave by October 15, and he
must pay me then $167, the balance due
me. On that day he quietly removed
the few things belonging to them and
was slipping away, when I met him In
the hall. I demanded my money and
he gave me the 'Ha-ha.' I have been
since trying to find him, and it was
only this morning that I learned he and
his wife and two children were stopping
at the Hotel Sutherland, on Sutter
street.
"I went there and saw him, hut he
declined to pay me, telling me frankly
that ho had nn funds. I asked him to
frive me an order on the Sonoma "Winp
Company, but he paid he had left them
some weeks aj?°. I ascertained that he
had never fv»«»n connected with that
company at all.
"I consider him a regular hotel dead
heat and T find that he is owinp the Ho
tel Sutherland $Sfl for board and lodp
lne- He and his family havo ho*n th^rp
since December 10 and have only paid
The lady proprietor of the Hotel
Sutherland accompanied Mr?. Trwin to
Judpe Low's court .and also wanted to
sipn a complaint against Burns, but as
he was still livinp there she did not ob
tain It. She corroborated what Mrs.
Irwin said about Burns owing her $80,
and said she would secure an attach
ment from the Justice Court for his
trunk.
Burns claims to he a teacher of elo
cution, hut Mrs. Irwin said that she harj
made diligent Inquiry and could not
find any one who knew him or where he
taupht his class. She does not believe
that he has a class anywhere.
RECEIVED BRASS
BUT NOT GOLD
Robert Mental of the Lombard
Auction Rooms Arrested for
Petty Larceny.
The Police Hay« Been Receiving 1 Nu
merous Complaints From Women
Who Bought Jewelry There.
Mental, of the Lombard auction
rooms. Market street, opposite Fifth, was
arrested yesterday afternoon on a ■wrwr
rant from Judge Campbell's court charg
ing him with petty larceny.
The complaining witness Is Mrs. Domp- j
eter, 401*4 Oak street, and she allegres
that a few days ago she went Into the
auction rooms to see what was going on. !
A lot of Jewelry was put up. and a woman i
"capper" came to her and advised her to j
buy the lot and she would buy a portion
from her. She hesitated, and another
woman "capper" whispered to her that
phe would buy another portion of the I
lot, the two making up the price asked
for the supposed jewelry, which was bid
up to $12. She paid $2 ."0 on deposit and
took the jewelry away with her.
Becoming suspicious, she showed the
Jewelry to three different Jewelers, and
they all declared that it was brass in
stead of gold and not worth 25 cents al
together. She went to the auction rooms
and demanded the return of her money,
but It was refused, so she went to the
Police Court and secured the warrant.
The police have received numerous
complaints recently from women who had
been entrapped Into buying Jewelry in
the same way by women "cappers," and
Chief Lees only on Saturday gave Cap
tain Splllane Instructions to detail an of
ficer to watch the place. In several In
stances Prosecuting Attorney Drury of
Judge Joachimsen's court sent a letter
to the auction rooms with women who
had called to get warrants of arrest, and
it had the effect of getting the money re- j
funded.
CARMEL COAL MINE SOLD.
Alexander M. Allen of Oakland the Pur
chaser of the Property.
MONTEREY, Jan. 17.— Alexander M. Al
len, a mining man of Oakland, who for
the imst six months has been negotiating
for the purchase of the property owned
by the Carmel Land and Coal Company,
on which the Carmel coal mine is situ
ated, has at last closed the deal with the
company and is now sole owner of the
640 acres of its property. The land trans
ferred Includes part of the old Rincho
San Jose y Sur Chiquito in the Point Lo
boa vicinity, about ten miles from Mon
terey. When the Carmel Land and Coal
Company bought the land about eight
years ago. it laid out a townsite which it
called Carmelito. and, some of the lots
having been previously sold by the com
pany, the entire tract could not be trans
ferred to Mr. Allen.
The Carmel coal mine was opened
when the town was surveyed and platted
and was worked profitably for some time,
but was afterward abandoned and not
reopened till three months ago. when the
present owner bepran his investigations re
garding the value of the property. Mr.
Allen has already expended considerable
money on the mine, but it nas developed
In a manner that fully justifies the outlay,
he thinks. The coal is semi-bituminous,
of an excellent quality and is present h£
large quantities in the mine.
LEAVES HER BABE ON
THE BAR OF A SALOON.
Arizona Woman Rebukes the Husband Who
Forsook Her Because of Love
of Liquor.
PRESCOTT. Ariz.. Jan. 17. -While the
Cabinet saloon was crowded this evening:
with hundreds of people a woman en
tered with a babe in her arms, and, plac
ing- it on the bar. loft with only this fare
well, speaking loud and distinctly:
"The father of this child deserted me
and my habe, caring more for whisky
than for either of us. I wish to tender
now his child, so that his appetite may
be gratified to the extent of the deposit."
Her remarks created consternation, and
there was a wild rush for the youngster,
seventy-five men coming- forward to ask
for the little waif. The Probate Judge
was compelled to settle the controversy
and has taken charge of the baby. The
affair is creating wholesome comment.
The woman's name is Bell, and her hus
band Is a mining man.
INCENDIARY FIRE IN
HEMET'S BUSINESS CENTER.
New Opera-House, Dry-Goods Store and
Several Smaller Structures
Razed by Flames.
RIVERSIDE, Jan. 17.— Word reached
this city to-day of a disastrous fire which
occurred at Hornet Sunday evening. Fu'i
particulars are not yet obtainable, but it
is known that the loss is heavy, amount
ing to fully $25,000. The principal houses
destroyed are the new opera-house and
Weber Bros.' dry goods houso and con
tents. Weber Bros." loss amounts to
$12,000. Several other smaller building
are reported destroyed.
The origin of the fire is not known, but
it is thought to have been incendiary.
Two weeks ago the new Santa Fe depot
there was burned, and a week later a
large barn belonging to the Hemet Land
C ompany was burned, with all its con
tents, consisting of several hundred tons
of hay.
DEATH OF C. A. BARBER AT
NAPA COUNTY'S INFIRMARY.
NAPA. Jan. IT.— C. A. Barber, who cams
here from San Francisco a short time
ag-o, died at the County Infirmary th'.s
morning from heart trouble. He was 42
years of age and of eccentric disposition,
refusinp to talk of himself or his past lire.
From letters found on his person it is bo
lieved he had relatives in this State and
wealthy parents in Ensland.
Mrs. Hatt Dies at Napa.
NAPA, Jan. 17.— The wifp of Captain A.
Hatt, one of N'apa's oldest and most
prominent citizens, dlod In this city last
ovpnine of heart trouble and pneumonia.
Mrs. H&tt was 60 years of age, an esti
mable la.<ly and came to the county thir
ty-three years ag-"- A husband and four
grown children survive her.
Sen Rafael's Librarian Dies.
SAX RAFAEL, Jan. 17.— Mrs. Ceila
Bennett, who for the past ten years has
boon librarian in the San Rafael public;
library, is dead, and her funeral will take
place to-morrow at 2 o'c'.oek. Mrs. Ben
nt'tt was 6^ years old, and every one who
frequents the public library here knew
and respected her.
NEW TO-DAY.
| POSITIVELY |
I LAST WEEK. 1
f_; . j
I BEFORE' NEXT SATURDAY I
i We shall entirely clear oat all ■
1 CARPET REMNANTS I
I At These Extraordinary Prices. |
! Tapestry - ■ 38c per Yard I
| Moquette - v 53c per Yard |
i Body Brussels, 59c per Yard I
i Wilton Velvets, 60c per Yard I
! Axminster ■ 60c per Yard
j THIS SALE ENDS 6P. M. SATURDAY.
I LOOK IN OUR WINDOWS. [
| A. MACKAY & SON,
\ Furniture, Carpets, Upholstery,
! 715 MARKET ST. j
' >_.. __^ I »»JJ»il.m »]JMJL-ll.t-IWLH
UNITED STATES
LAUNDRY,
/ OFFICE,
—^ [ 1004 Market St.,
$ Sear Powell
Tolophone, South 420,
#*********#*#*#«***#**#***#♦
I PERFECTION . : . PREVAILS |
! CUISINEI SERVICE I
* - —IN THE— •",:•-<'.*
ILADIES' GRILL
I °he PALACE.
* Direct Entrance from Market Street.- *
•It-***************************
>f*^DEWEY,STRDNG &Co.>!'?V
Cl "PATE NTS! 3
>SIS^33O MARKET ST. S.F.X£S^
NOTARY PUBLIC.
A. J. HENRY, NOTARY PUBLIC
OQQ MARKET : ST., OPP. , PALAC3
QOO Hotel. Telephone 670. Residence 801
Valencia street. Xeleoboat, "ChurcJi'" U.
56
TUESDAyZT.. JANUARY iB, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third SU, S. F-
Telephone Main IS6B.
EDITORIAL ROOMS 217 to 5121 Stevenson straa
Telephone Main 1874.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL DAILY AND SUNDAYS Is
served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
for 15 cents a week.- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents.
THE WEEKLY CALL Ooe year, by njall. $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE 90S Broadway
Eastern Representative, DAVID ALLEN.
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
WASHINGTON (D. C. OFFICE Rlftfta House
C C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, eoroer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock.- 339 Hayes street: open until
9:20 o'clock.- 621 MoAlllster street: open until 9:30
o'clock.- 6!5 Larkjn street; open until 9:30 o'clock
SW. corner Sixteenth and Mission streets: open until
9 o'clock- 2518 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleveoth St.; open until 9 o'clock. 1505 Polk street
cpeo until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second
orjd Kentucky streets; open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Paldwln— " Thf Man From Mexico."
California— "Courted Into Court."
Alcazar- "A Man's Love" and "Forbidden Fruit"
Moroseo's— "The Bine and the Gray. "
Tlvoll— "Brian Bora,"
Orpbf urn— Vaudeville.
The Chutes— Cnlqolta and Vaudeville-
Lybeck 1 yele Skating Rink optical Illusions.
California Jockey Club, Oakland i;a.-<-track — Races to-day.
AUCTION SALES.
By Killlp & Co.— This day. January IS. Horsea. at corner Van
Ness avenue ;ina Market Bts . ;it Hi o'clock.
By Easton & Bldiid?e -Thursday, January 20, Turkish Burs.
at 22j Sutttr street, ai 2 and 8 >■ m
By Wm. <i- 1 . -Thursday evening. January 20-
Horses, at (Vv:<l«>tital Horse Exchange, 22. 1 ) Teharna st.
By - Buekl cc .\. Co.— Tuesday, January 25, Real Es-
tate, at -'is Montgomery street, at 12 o <.• lnok.
JUDGE CAMPBELL'S JOKES.
THE course of the Mission street Boodler in
attempting to destroy Judge Campbell's reputa
tion as a judicial humorist is reprehensible iv the
extreme. From a literary standpoint it is utterly in
defensible.
For a long time the bewhiskered jurist has been
the Boodler's beau ideal of a joker. It has never
tired of inflicting his witticisms upon the public, dur
ing the past two months especially having in this re
spect flagrantly trampled upon the rights of its read
ers. During that period it is reported to have kept
a writer constantly stationed in Judge Campbell's
court with instructions to transfer that jurist's light
est sayings to paper. Two or three times a week,
with an utter disregard of the close season in chest
nutting, it has appeared with a column of jokes al
leged to have been cracked by the judicial humorist.
Of course the discerning few have all along known
that the attempt of the Boodler to work up a repu
tation for Judge Campbell as a joker was attributable
to the fact that one of its editors had fallen into the
clutches of the police and was before the police court
for examination on a charge of criminal libel. The
Boodler flattered the Judge in the hope that he might
be induced to release its editor from the thralldom oi
the law.
The moment, however, Judge Campbell turned it
down — or, to be more technical, declared that its edi
tor must stand trial — the Boodler pounced upon him
with savage fury. It is now rumored that it has a
man stationed in his court under instructions to steal
all his jokes and attribute them to Police Judges Low
&nd Joachimsen. We do not blame Judge Campbell
for protesting. This method of reprisal is, as we have
already remarked, utterly indefensible. The liberty
the Boodler is taking with police court literature
ought to render it liable to indictment for assault
with a deadly weapon.
Everybody knows that the jokes which the Boodler
is attributing to Judges Low and Joachimsen are
Campbell's. Many actually have whiskers upon them,
plainly showing their origin. Besides, the Boodler's
method of revenge should be barred out of journal
ism. It is uncivilized and barbaric. It comes under
the head of cruel and unusual punishments. Our ad
vice to Judge Campbell is to lay his grievance be
fore the Grand Jury.
THE USEFUL INJUNCTION.
THE injunction has won much admiration. Per
haps there is nothing known to the beautiful
civilization, of which there are evidences all
about us such as may be discerned with the naked
eye, that has done more to show that man did not
waste the time he spent in developing from a state of
monkeyhood. No simian chattering in a tree ever
had the blissful knowledge that if a neighbor proposed
to thump him with a cocoanut he could protect him
self with an injunction. The injunction has never
yet been employed to check the cyclone, stay the pre
mature frost nor stifle the gab of the political speaker.
Neither has it been applied to the regulation of the
movements of the sun. With these exceptions, how
ever, it has been adapted to most human needs and the
exceptions will merely serve to show that ahead are
new possibilities.
The latest instance in which the injunction achieved
fame was in South Dakota. There a young man and
a young woman wanted to get married, but a pair of
parents $aid "nay" iir a loud voice. They had, with
their riper discretion, picked out another fellow t(*
lead their daughter to the altar, and they proposed to
have her led despite her tendency to balk. But, being
wise in their generation, they did not rely on simple
protest nor the sometimes hasty shotgun; they knew
a better trick. They got an injunction restraining
the ardent suitor from interfering and from intruding
upon the happy home where the sacred knot was
being tied. An officer was on hand to serve the pa
per, and when the lover appeared he was clapped into
ir.il. Meanwhile the bride was given away amid con
gratulations and many a hope that they might live
happily ever after.
Now that it is all over and with no desire to mar
a honeymoon so auspiciously begun, the suggestion
is made that the old man get out a new injunction to
prevent the almost son-in-law from giving him the
kick he deserves, and have tacked to -it as a rider the
provision that the daughter must not elope.
A correspondent goes to considerable length in
treating the subject, "Why does Southern beauty cap
ture Northern men?" and to show the vital impor
tance of the screed relates that since the war twelve
Southern belles have been married to men from this
side of Mason and Dixon's line. She seems to have
overestimated the relevancy of the essay. The war
closed nearly thirty-three years ago. If she cannot
dig up a few more matrimonial samples she would be
wise to rewrite her stuff giving the title, "Why the
Southern beauty does not catch on with more fa
cility."
THE LOS ANGELES WATER WAR.
A CAREFUL reading of the contract, made in
1868, between the little village of Los Angeles
and the little corporation which undertook to
build a $1000 fountain and supply the people with ten
inches of potable water, will furnish complete infor-
mation upon the accrued rights of the great city of
Los Angeles and of the big corporation which is
furnishing water to its tens of thousands of people.
The contract was made in good faith on both sides,
and is apparently without ambiguity. The little town
had provided and owned its water supply. It leased
its water property to the little corporation for thirty
years, with no provision for a renewal, but with the
expressed intention of resuming control of its own
property at the end of that time, agreeing to' arbitrate
the value of the betterments put thereon by the cor
poration and to pay the award so reached. Between
individuals there would not be a moment's hesitation
nor a word of dispute over the terms of such a con
tract. The arbitrators would be chosen and the value of
the betterments would be determined and the trans*
action would close in business order and decency.
Why cannot this be the case when the parties in in
terest are a municipal and a private corporation? The
wisdom and economy of municipal ownership are not
in issue at all. Such ownership may be wise or un
wise, that does not touch the issue.
The sole point is the right of the city of Los An
geles to enforce a contract and recover possession of
her own property and franchises at the expiration of
the lease.
The laws of California give sufficient advantage to
the leaseholder. He need not surrender the proprcty
on the expiration of his lease nor forfeit possession
upon failure to perform any covenant of the lease.
No matter what terms of the contract he may violate
the lease is judicable and the leaseholder cannot be
expelled from possession except by judicial process.
It is not necessary to state the reasons for this condi
tion, inherent in legal principles, by which the owner
of property is considered as deserving the harsh hand
of the law. while the dishonest possessor of it under a
leasehold is protected in its use beyond his tenure or
after violation of his covenants, to the spoliation of
the rightful owner.
All of these advantages run to the artificial person,
the corporation, as a leaseholder, and to the disad
vantage of the municipal corporation, the owner of
the water plant. It is for this reason that the people,
the actual owners of the property, need and are en
titled to the zeal and fidelity of the officers of the
municipal corporation. The stockholders of the pri
vate corporation are getting the zealous service of
its officers, and what evil genius denies to the people
similar zeal on the part of the officers of the muni
cipal corporation?
The disadvantage put by the laws of the State upon
the ownership of leased property is a very high reason
why in such cases as this in Los Angeles the people
should be faithfully represented. If the city govern
ment fail to make good its rights under the contract
the most serious consequences may follow. Suppose
that the date fixed for arbitrating the value of the
betterments pass without action, then the rights of the
people will be seriously affected. These rights un
derlie all others. The right of the people to govern
ment in the form of a municipal corporation had to
precede the right of the private corporation to mak%
a contract of lease of the property which belonged to
the people.
Corporations must be taught to respect the source
of their existence and of all the rights they have.
Partisan corruption and official treachery must not be
peimitted to hold the rights of all subordinate to the
interests of less than all.
In pursuance of its settled policy The Call sustains
the right of the people of Los Angeles to recover
possession of their own property in the way and
upon the terms set forth in the contract. We ask for
them only what is nominated in the bond. They want
no drop of blood nor anything vital nor valuable be
yond the plain terms of the contract, compliance with
which is as easy as honesty always is.
A SINECURE AND AN INCUBUS.
WHEN a public office degenerates into a pine
cure it soon becomes an incubus, and an in
cubus is a nuisance. This is what has become
of the position of State quarantine officer in this city.
The national quarantine service does all the work of
protecting the port against the importation of disease
and does it well. The State officer does nothing but
draw his salary, and cannot be said to draw it well
because money taken without being earned is never
well paid nor well received.
The utter futility of the office is shown by the fact
that captains of incoming ships pay no attention what
ever to the demands or the pleadings of the official
who holds it. If any captain should pay attention to
him the official would be in a quandary because the
State has provided him with no quarantine station at
which to hold the ship or send the passengers whom
he might wish to inspect or fumigate.
Being a complete sinecure in every respect, the
office is an incubus on the taxpayers who have to pro
vide the money to keep it up, and on the shipping
interests of the port which it sometimes disturbs.
Being without power, the official is without dignity.
Every time he exerts himself to make a play before
the public the ship captains are obliged to ignore him
and thus treat him with what seems to be contempt.
Thus his spasmodic activity tends to diminish the
prestige of the State, and, bad as the office is as a
sinecure, it becomes worse when the official who
holds it makes it an incubus, not only to the pockets
but the patience of the people.
An official who is nothing else soon makes him
self a nuisance. Thus we have seen our State quar
antine officer who is paid to serve the whole State
making himself compliant to special interests, acting
as the representative of private enterprises, becoming
a special reporter for a newspaper and refusing
news to others. The lack of any public work to do
renders him forgetful of the fact that he is paid to
serve the public, and accordingly when by any chance
he plays at quarantine officer he seems to regard the
performance not as a public duty, but as a private
snap.
A sinecure should be abolished, an incubus should
be removed and a nuisance should be suppressed.
There is no need in this city of a State quarantine
office nor of a State quarantine officer. There are
many uses to which the money of the taxpayers can
be better applied than that of maintaining a futile
pretense at doing something which the National Gov
ernment is already doing to the satisfaction of the
public.
China is said to be dickering with England, but
perhaps a better term could have been chosen to ex
press the situation. The mouse about to be eaten
might feel an impulse to dicker with the cat, yet their
relations hardly rise to the degree of equality im*
plied by this description.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
AN important step has been taken toward the
accomplishment of the long discussed grand
boulevard around the bay. The credit of the
step belongs to San Mateo County, or at least to
the Supervisors of that county. There is every rea
son to believe, however, that the people will indorse
it and San Mateo will have the honor of leading the
way in the great enterprise.
The State Highway Commission, which has taken
an earnest interest in the proposed boulevard, visited
San Mateo and, in association with the County
Surveyor, had surveys made of the route of
the highway. By these surveys it was determined
that the boulevard could be constructed from the line
of San Francisco County through San Mateo to the
line of Santa Clara County and a highway to the line
of Santa Cruz County without entailing extra
taxation upon the people, provided a bond issue
was voted for the purpose.
The Supervisors, after careful consideration of the
plans proposed by the commission, approved them'
and decided to provide for a bond election at an
early date. Full details of the plans and the steps
taken by the Supervisors are published in another
column. They show that the movement is well
launched and in every way merits the support of the
community that is to be benefited by its comple
tion.
The action in San Mateo will be hailed with satis
faction by the progressive element of the people in
all sections of the State. It is but a short time
ago that Sacramento by a large majority voted for
the construction of the Folsom boulevard, and the
San Mateo movement following so swiftly after
shows that the progressive impulse is felt to a
greater or lesser degree throughout the common
wealth.
It may be accounted a sure thing that if the people
of San Mateo go forward in the enterprise as did
those of Sacramento the people of San Francisco and
Santa Clara will imitate the example. We shall have
the grand drive around the bay in \ time much
shorter than the most sanguine looked fr>r. In fact
it would not be surprising to see all the counties take
up the enterprise before the year is over and set to
work to accomplish it with a vigor that will make
it a new illustration of the energy and public spirit
which now animate California and her people.
UNDER the title "The Farce of the Chinese Ex-»
elusion Laws" J. Thomas Scharf, who
until recently held the post of Chinese
inspector at the port of New York, con
tributes to the North American Review
an article which in a striking and impressive
manner directs attention to serious defects in the ad
ministration of this important part of our protective
legislation.
It will be remembered that not lonj< ago Mr. Scharf
resigned his office on the express ground that owing
to judicial technicalities and official corruption it was
impossible to enforce the laws. At the time of the
resignation he made a statement of facts to justify his
action. This statement was published in The Call and
commented on at the time. The article in the Re
view elaborates the original argument and gives stat
istics which demonstrate the truth of his charges and
show that as administered at present our Chinese ex
clusion laws are but sources of fraud and corruption.
According to Mr. Scharf, the rumber of Chinese!
in the country is not known, nor ii it possible to learn
how many enter in each year. The census reports are
not accurate on this subject for the Chinese avoid the
census taker when possible and deceive him when
they cannot evade him. In proof of this statement it
is noted that the census of 1800 gave 2935 as the num
ber of Chinese in the State of New York. When the
registration under the Geary act was completed, how
ever, it was found that over 7000 had registered in
New York City alone. The number of Chinese in the,
whole country, according to the census of 1800, was
107,475, but Mr. Scharf estimates the correct number
to be not less than 700,000.
Chinese immigration continues along the whole
length of the northern and southern borders of the
country and along the Gulf coast. It is particularly
large in the State of Vermont. The Custom-house
records of that State show that between June I. 1895,
and February 23, 1897, 2947 Chinese came into the
country legally. How many were smuggled in is not
known.
Much of this continuous stream of Chinese immi
gration is due to corruption on the part of officials
charged with the duty of preventing it. That, how
ever, is not the worst feature of the situation. The
greater evil is the attitude of the courts toward the
law. Mr. Scharf cites many authorities on this point.
The United States Attorney for Vermont said that
in his district "hearings are in a certain sense far
cical." Leigh Chalmers, examiner in the Attorney-
General's office, said in an official report "nine out of
ten of these cases do not r.mnunt to the dignity of a
farce." The United States Attorney at Buffalo in a
report to the Attorney-General stated that he had
attended certain Chinese examinations and that "it
was absolutely useless under the present condition of
affairs to attend any further examinations as it was a
waste of time and money."
The causes assigned for the inability of the law
officers to enforce the law are: "The loose interpreta
tion of the law by sympathetic United States Com
missioners, the radical diversity of opinion by Judges
of the Federal courts, the crafty practices and fraudu
lent devices of the Chinese, the ready aid of well
paid allies along the border line, perjured witnesses,
and oath breaking and bribe taking officials."
In the face of such obstacles it seems impossible
to enforce the exclusion act, but the necessity of en
forcement is imperative and the seeming impossibility
must give way before it. Mr. Scharfs article will help
the cause by arousing public sentiment In the East to
something like the earnestness of the West on the
issue. The wily Chinese may be hard to stop, but a
resolute people can do it.
England's courtesy in deciding that the Vice-
President of the United States shall be permitted to
take precedence of the British Embassador at Wash
ington dinners deserves some token of grateful ap
preciation. To cable over permission for the Prince"
of Wales to get to the table ahead of Embassador
Hay and receive the prime cut of white meat would
be a neat and delicate return.
A prominent Washington woman shot herself, and
all her friends at once refused to tell the particulars,
•but threw an air of mystery about the matter. The
natural result was the creation of a belief that the
shooting was not accidental, which was not, it is
supposed, the purpose of the friends.
It was a notable triumph of evening journalism
that only one of the reporters who greeted Dole went
into hysterics about him.
THE GRAND BOULEVARD.
CHINESE IMMIGRATION.
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
The presidential party from Honolulu,
consisting of President Dole, his secre
tary, C. P. laukea. and Dr. Day. the phy
slrlan In attendance. Is at the Occidental.
B. Butler, a large fruit-grower of Los
Angeles. i«i at the Grand.
Mrs. Ocnree ML Pullman, the widow of
the late palace cnr magnate, has come up
to the city from Burllngame, where she
arrived a few day* ago from the East, on
a vlatt to her daughter, Mrs. Frank Caro
lan. and Is at the. Palace. With Mrs. Pull
man are Mrs. F. J. Carolan, Mrs. John
A. I.OR-an. Miss Xlna GUlett. Miss Phil
lips, Miss Endnesa and Mr. Banger Pull
man.
J. D. Carr. the Salinas capitalist, 1b at
the Occidental.
G. D. Plato, one of, the best-known^mer
chants of Modeeto, Is staying at the
Grand.
Dr. George Olcott, U. S. N., has come
down from Port Orchard, where he has
been stationed for some time, and Is at
th»» Occidental.
T. X. Okohlra and T. Klmura, two trav
elers from Japan, who arrived on the
Peru yesterday, are at the Palace.
ML P. Morgan, a mining man of Angels
Camp, Is a guest at tho Grand.
♦ OF REALLY l|
t EXCELLENT jj
{ CHARACTER. <•
"Per haps the
standard of mor
ality In the
I'nltod States
army Is a differ
ent one from that
which pertains
*•••••••••».», among the com
mon people of the outside world who wear
no stripes on their clothes and pass their
time in the sordid pursuit of wealth In
stead of leading forlorn hopes at cotil
lions and germans, or, may hap. these men
of war and wassail consider gameness and
goodness as convertible terms. Inasmuch
as they both commence with the letter
'g-' "Which of these conjectures Is the
correct one I know not." said a gentle
man in the office of the Baldwin yester
day, "but tho following telegram was re
ceived by the department here a couple
of days ago from an officer commanding
one of the army posts in Texas:
" 'Jonah Brown, discharged yesterday:
character excellent. 'Lost his money gam
bling and killed himself to-day. Will
bury the boily with military honors un
less otherwise requested.
" '(Signed 1 CAPTAIN X..
" 'Commanding — th Infontry.'
"I don't know why the officer sent such
a telegram," continued the gentleman,
"unless a man of such a godly character
might have some, objections to being
wished bon voyage by men of blood whose
time is passed in the slaughter of the
guileless Apache."
Major Moore, Special Treasury Agent,
who has recently returned from Portland,
where he has been inspecting the ac
counts of the Custom-house, met with a
severe accident while absent. He slipped
on the frosty sidewai«v and suffered a
painful sprain of the ankle.
E. C. Paly, a prominent merchant of
Eureka, is at the Grand.
Jack McQuestln, the famous Alaskan
miner, together with T. B. Straven of
Nevada, who has recently returned from
the Klondike, and James Sheehy, also
of Nevada, but who has been for some
time in the gold fields of South Africa,
are at the Commercial.
J. B. Fuller, the Bank Commissioner, of
Marysville. is at the California.
W. H. Walker, the richest man In Salt
Lake City, is a guest at the Occidental.
V 1 ce-Presldent
Robert Watt,
Chief Engineer
W. B. Storey and
Secretary Alex
ander Mackie re-
THE
INITIAL
TRIP.
turned yesterday
•••••••••••••• from their tour of
inspection over the Valley Road in the
first complete train that has passed over
that line. Heretofore the various trips
that have bt?en made were accomplished
with the aid of e%"erythinp from a hand
car to an engine, but Saturday last a ree
ular inspection train was made up and the
above officers had the satisfaction of rid
ing- in legitimate state over the work at
which they have labored so hard.
At Stockton the party looked over and
tested three eight-wheel locomotives and
one switch engine that have Just been re
'•• Lved from the Baldwin Locomotive
Works at Philadelphia. One piledrlver car
and one wrecking car have also been re
!. which completes all the rolling
■took that has thus far been ordered.
F. A. Ilihn, one of the most prominent
merchants of Santa Cruz, is staying at
the Grand.
Henry Mayer, a well-known business
man of Salem, Or., Is at the Baldwin with
his wife.
K. S. Baboork. the proprietor of the
Hotel Onronado, Is at the Palace for a
short stay.
G. W. F. Johnson and his brother, G.
W. Johnson, two miners, just returned
from the Klondike, are at the Palace. In
coming out from Dawson, the younger
of the two brothers was severely irost
bltten.
A. C. Rosendale. a prominent merchant
of Pacific Grove, Is at the Grand.
The first of the
new rate sheets
for fares to the
Klondike country
arrived at the of
fice of the Rock
Island Railway
•• • • yesterday. The
rates are from Kansas City, and are by
or by Sacramento and Portland. A first
class fare to Circle City. Fort Cudahy or
Luiwson will be $350. Including 1 berth and
meals on the steamer: the second-class
rate is $2M, and includes meals on the
steamer als<">.
FARES TO
THE
GOLDFIELDS.
To Dyea the rate Is $90. and a second
class faro will cost $05, while $200 and $165
will take the prospective gold-seeker as
far as St. Michael. To Sitka and Skag
uay the rates are the same as- to Dyea,
and to Wranpel a first-class rate of $75
and a second-class rate of $33 has been
made.
F. B. Glenn, a son of the late Dr. Glenn,
owner of the San oacinto wheat ranch,
is at the Lick.
Adjutant-General A. W. Barrett is reg
istered at the California.
Railroad Commissioner M. A. La Rue of
Sacramento, is at the Grand.
N. J. Levinson. cuv editor of the Port
land Oregonian, is a guest at the Palace.
D. A. Wtlkins, a well-known merchant
of Chicago, is at the Palace.
Mrs. J. A. Borell and her two children
came in on the Peru yesterday from Ba
tavia. Java, and went to the Occidental.
F. C. Gamble, a well-known resident of
Nelson, B. C, is a guest at the Palace.
United States Senator J. P. Jones of
Nevada arrived in the city yesterday
and went to the Palace Hotel. He left
Washington some weeks since to spend
the holidays in Southern California with
his family. He will remain in San Fran
cisco for two or three days before resum
ing his journey to Washington. The Sen
ator received many distinguished callers
yesterday afternoon, and had pleasant
chats with old-time friends from Ne
vada.
THE CALL IN LOS ANGELES.
Los Angeles Capital: The San Francis
co Call has added 500 names to its circu
lation list in Los Angeles this week. This
lookl as if there are some people here
who like to read both sides of a question.
Thomas J. Gargan. a leader of the De
mocracy of Massachusetts, interprets
the recent vote in Boston as indicating
that his party will abandon the issues
which caused division in Immediately
preceding elections.
WHO IS RESPONSIBLE ?
t
M»rre<J Evening Bun.
The libel case of Claus Sprockets
against Andy Lawrence, managing
editor of the Examiner, is attract
ing 1 wide attention throughout the
State, and already numerous news
papers have indorsed the Exam
iner's contention that Lawrence
could not be guilty because he had
no knowledge of the article com
plained of until after it had been
published. The same argument
would, of course, apply to Mr.
Hearst himself, the owner of the
paper, if that gentleman had been
made the defendant instead of Mr.
Lawrence.
This brings us face to face with
the proposition whether or not
anybody is responsible for what
appears in a newspaper; and if
anybody is responsible, who is that
anybody?
It is manifestly unfair to presume
that the public is entirely at the
mercy of the newspapers; that a
newspaper can say what it pleases
of anybody, and then legally hide
behind the statement that some
employe wrote the article and pub
lished it without the knowledge of
the editor or proprietor. Suppose
a Southern Pacific train should
run over and kill a team of horses
belonging to Mr. Smith, and Smith
should bring suit for damages
against the company; what sort of
a defense would it be for the of
ficers of the company to go to the
stand and swear that it was the
fault of an employe — the engineer —
and that the killing of the horses
was done without their knowledge
and consent, and thnt, therefore,
Smith could not recover damages?
Could a sillier defense than that
be imagined? Yet it is exactly in
line with the contention of the Ex
aminer.
The owner of a newspaper should
be held morally and legally respon
sible for everyth.ng that goes into
its columns. And whether or not
he has knowledge of what goes In
his paper is his own lookout. If
his employes use poor judgment he
should pay for the result of that
poor judgment, just as he would
have accepted the profits that
might have resulted from the ex
ercise of better judgment.
FREE GARDEN SEEDS.
Editor San Francisco Call— Dear Sir:
As The Call Interests itself In the indus
tries of the Pacific Coast, I venture to
solicit its active influence in opposition
to a shameful waste of public funds by
the United States Government to the in-
Jury of one of these industries which de
serves rather to be fostered.
In the present state of trade the seed
industry of the Pacific Coast suffers more
than that of any other section of the
country from the foolish practice of the
United States Government in distributing
common seeds free of cost. I therefore
hope that you will be able at this time to
devote some attention to this growing
abuse in the columns of The Call. It
may not be necessary for me to indicate
to you what are the facts of the case
but stress may probably be laid upon the
fact that last year gUu.OUO whs spent in
this way for free seeds to be distributed
by the members of Congress in their re
spective districts and JTu.ooo additional in
the mailage of those seeds. This is
practically a waste of J2"0,w0 of public
money in one year which accomplishes no
appreciable quod, but acts as a serious
detriment to the combined industries of
seed-grpwing and seed-distribution. As
a wholesale distributor of Beeda over
most of the States of the Union. 1 know
that thousands of merchants complain
of the direct and indirect injury which
this thing does to their business in seeds.
It is well, of course, and a. public need
recognized by all new countries, that
Government should expend some money
upon the discovery and introduction of
new and valuable seeds and plants, and
no doubt the abuse of which I complain
grew out of that need in this country.
But at this time there is practically noth
ing done for the acclimatization of new
seeds and plants except by private busi
ness enterprise, and the money of the
Government expended upon seeds is
thrown away upon the distribution of the
commonest kinds of garden and flower
seeds. So far as I know. Government
distribution of seeds is .not practiced in
any other country in the world except in
times of famine and distress; and to
have it known all over the world that
the United States Government spends
money in this way is no compliment to a
country and people supposed to be pros
perous. Hoping you will take this mat
ter up for public exposure and censure,
I remain. Yours truly,
E. J. BOWENT.
San Francisco, Jan. 12, IS9B.
THE MAN WHO HADN'T HEARD.
He boasted of the dangers
That he had bravel'- face<tt
He told of wicked ruffians
And bullies he haJ chased.
And they that heard him boasting
Became Imbued, at last.
With the feeling that his courage
Anß his might were truly vast.
He spoke and others trembled.
They let him have his way; ' '
Nobody dared to question
Aught that he had to pay.
As some anointed monarch
He held his lordly sway —
He spoke, and they that heard him
Rushed blindly to obey.
One flay there came a stranger.
Who knew not of the might.
The bravery, or prowess
Of this unconquered knight:
Who had not heard him boasting.
Who knew not of his fame.
Who did not even tremble
When he heard his awful name.
Somehow they met nnd quarreled
Kre the stranger knew—
The man of might was humbled
When they finally got through.
And the stranger, when they told him
The truth, was fain to own
That he never could have licked him
If he'd happened to have known.
—Cleveland Leader.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS
NOT A PREMIUM HALF— H. L. 8..
City. A half dollar of the date of 1833
is not one that commands a premium.
CENTS— X., City. As your communi
cation does not give the date of the cent
in your possession, it is impossible to de
termine if it has any value.
MEMORIAL. CARDS— Subscriber. City.
Any first-class printing house will be able
to furnish memorial cards, but this de
partment cannot advertise any such
house.
THREE CENT PIECE— A. F. 8., Pen
grove. Sonoma County, Cal. A three
cent piece of 1870 commands a premium of
from 25 to 30 cents. The other coins in
quired about do not command a pre
mium.
TWO HALVES— M. H.. City. Half dol
lars coined In 1529 and in 1533 in the United
States are not in demand by coin dealers,
consequently do not command a premium.
The selling price of such is from 75 cents
to Jl 75.
MAHER AND O'DONNELL— P. Me,
City. The printed record shows that
Steve O'Donnell was defeated twice by
Peter Maher, knocked out in one round
in each match. November 11 at Maspeth
and DecenToer 13, IS%, at Coney Island
OLD BANK BlLL— Subscriber, Ala
meda. Cal." A $5 bill of the Bank of
Washington, dated April 17, ISI6. is worth
to a collector just whatever his desire to
obtain possession of it would prompt him
to give. You can obtain an estimate of
its value by offering it to those who deal
in old ccins and bills.
POPULATION OF THE EARTH— T
8.. City, and A. S., Oakland. Cal. Ac
cording to a report presented to the Royal
Geographical Society the population of
the earth is 1 ,487.900,000, and according to
the estimate of John Bartholomew, F R
G. S. of Edinburgh, it is 1.440.660,000. Ac
cording to the estimates of Mons. Four
nicr de Flaix there are 447,080.158 Inhabit
ants of the earth who profess Christian
ity.
THE COMING CHARTER.
San Francisco, Jan. 16, ISS7.
Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: It was
with extreme pleasure that I listened last
Friday evening to President Jordan's ad
dress on "The Management of Cities."
It must have been a severe shock to
some rigid republicans who think that no
good can be found under a monarchy to
listen to Dr. Jordan's conclusion in favor
of the British system. 1 must say that
the Scotch system with which I am con
versant is far and away ahead of any
thing I have seen in American cities.
With your permission and for the bene
fit of many of your readers I will state
a few salient features in the municipal
government of the city of Edinburgh.
The city is divided into thirteen wards,
each of which returns three members to
the Town Council, ono retiring annually
in November. They elect one of their
number Lord Provost (or Mayor), who
presides at the meetings of Council,
whose term of office is three years. Tney
also elect six bailies or magistrates, who
must be councilors and who dispense
justice at police courts without fee or re
ward. They also elect one of their num
ber treasurer of the city. None of the
Council receives a salary, not even the
treasurer. An honorarium of $2500 is vot
ed to the Lord Provost at the end of each
year. Although the two members of
Council elected provost and treasurer may
have but one year to run, they do not
retire, but the next in rotation retires in
their place.
There are no park, police or fire com
missions. These departments are all
managed by committees of the council.
All the paid city servants are elected by
the entire Council.
You will see from the foregoing that
in barren little Scotland men rule in
Cities for honor, whereas in America men
rule for what there is in it. The spoil*
system is the bane of American munici
pal government.
It would be well for the citizens of San
Francisco to place themselves on record
in some tangible form that no charter
shall be satisfactory unless it places the
entire control of the city government in
the hands of the people.
Apologizing for taking up your valuable
space, I am yours truly,
D. K. ANDERSON.
10 Sunny Court. Geary street, between
Buchanan and Webster.
YELLOW JOURNAL METHODS.
Los Banna. Cal., Jan. 10. 1898.
To the Editor of The Call— Dear Sir: I
deslro to call to your attention a new ex
ample of yellow Journalism of a very
moan nature. The Examiner published
an article in the issue of December 27
under the heading:, "Dank Marshes May
Hide the Secret Crime." which was ut
terly untrue in every particular and did
great injustice to the people of L/OS Banos
and vicinity.
On Monday night, December 27. I wrote
to' the Examiner, calling Its attention to
the untruth and Injustice of the article,
and asking them to correct the same. No
attention whatever was paid to my letter,
not even to the extent of acknowledging
the receipt thereof.
Dissecting the article. !t Is found that
the amount of truth contained therein is
all in the two opening lines. Porter is
not believed to have been killed by mar
ket hunters— nor by the people of Los
Banos, nor by the people of Fresno, for
I have talked with responsible citizens of
Fresno, who were well acquainted with
him, and they laughed at the idea.
Los Banos has never had 150 market
hunters, nor anywhere near it; twenty
five would come much nearer the truth.
The community is not greatly excited
over the big gun law of 1897, for that law
was enacted in 1593, and any excitement
it might have caused has had four years
to coul down.
Not one hunter in five uses or ever has
used a gun weighing thirty pounds, and
there is no law among them written, un
written or imaginary requiring them to
make but two shots per day or any other
number.
Sonic of them have oxen and some hive
not, but none of them wade out into the
marshes, for there are no places here
that could be properly called marshes.
The officers of Merced County have
made little or no effort to enforce this
law beyond warning the hunters of its
existence, and but one arrest has been
made under it since 1893.
No officer has been set upon and beaten
by the hunters, nor have they had a clash
of any kind whatsoever. On the con
trary, on December 11 one of the hunters,
acting under the advice of his attorney,
voluntarily surrendered himself into cus
tody end pleaded guilty in the Justice's
Court (my own) to the charge of using
a bi:,' gun. The case was begun for the
purpose of testing the validity of the law,
and is now isniier advisement by the
Jucisro of the Superior Court of Merced
County. Thus, by taking out the parts
that are utterly without truth or founda
tion we are left the matter contained in
the two opening lines — "that Porter hes
been missing since November." The hunt
ers of Los Banos are as law-abiding a
class of citizens as any other body, and
it is a shame that a yellow journal, with
out responsibility, apparently, should
spread broadcast such charges, Injuring
these people and the community In which
they live, and then — worst of all — refusing
to retract its statements when it is
shown to be in the wrong. Yours truly,
C. F. BERTHOLF.
REFLECTIONS OF A BACHELOR.
Love Isn't lawless— it only makes lt»
own laws.
A girl is always ready to look as If she
was in love with any man who will take
her to the theater.
When a girl really feels distressed she
gets afraid to do anything suddenly for
fear her clothes won't set right.
When you devil a woman she will al
ways smile like she en.ioyed it till you
get near enough to reach. A cat acts the
same way.
Every woman thinks she can make a
man happy, and every man thinks he can
fix the drawer jn the kitchen table so it
won't stick.
When a girl can't buy a piece of ribbon
without wondering whether a certain
man will like it it is time fr>r her to bi'Kin
to wear things she knows he hates. — New
York Press.
Cal. place fruit BOc perlb at Townsenfl's.*
Mocha plstache, pineapple cake. 906 Larkln.
More new things in picture frames— real
novelties, too, cheap at Sanborn & Vails.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery st. Tel. Main 1042. •
The French painter, Edoiiard Chantalat,
is preparing for the Exposition of 1900 a
large canvas representing the reception
of the Emperor and Empress of Russia
at the Hotel de Ville, Paris.
"Bhows's Bronchial Troches" ar« un
equaled for clearing the voice. Public speakers
and singers the world over use them.
"The best appetizer and regulator of the diges
tive orjrans is Axoostcra Bittehs, prepared
by Dr. T. G. B. Siegekt&sons.
Lord Rosebery has been invited by the
Queen to bring his daughter. Lady Sibyl
Primrose, to Windsor Castle to dine and
spend one night. This is a very rare
honor for a young lady not yet presented.
NEW TO-DAY.
The baking pow~
der that will equal
Royal in leaven'
ing power antf
purity has yet to
be compounded.A DEPOT TO BE PROUD OF
AX FRAXCTSCO will find her new ferry
depot worth having waited for, when
within a few months she comes to occu
py it. All the dreary waitings in the
dirty, oM-fashioned, grimy room, all the
priors of visitors und the complaints
of residents, will be forgotten In the
pleasure of taking possession of the
commodious, well-arranged structure at
the foot of Market street, which is one
of the finest of its kind In the world.
The impression produced by the new
ferry building is at once an effect of
lightness and of strength. It is steel
gied throughout, fireproof of course,
no wood has b^on used In its con
ction except in window sashes and
-s. It se< ms to have been made of
steel and glass, bo enduring and so well
lighted it looks.
From north to south the ferry build
ing measures C 56 feet. Its width is
about one-quarter its length, except
where the great central tower strides
in advance of the main building.
This tower measures 275 feet to the ball
of the flagstaff, and contains a winding
staircase, which nimble-footed view
hunters may climb to look upon the bay
ringed round with cities. The main
building consists of two lofty stories
and a mezzanine story above. The walls
are of galvanized iron, the roof of cor
rugated iron, and th* pale gray gree.n
stone from Colusa'fl quarries covers the
unlovely skeleton.
Behind the. gr-vit, ugly fence which is
scion to be torn down, and the old post
offiVe station which Is a blot on one's
View of the new depot, thero is still the
old temporary sidewalk. Twelve feet
below this, though, planks are to be
placed and the distance filled In with
sand topped by a steol support, over
which the new concrete sidewalk is to
be laid. It will bo twenty feet broad.
The Interior of the depot is beginning
to assume some shape now and one Is
to form sony. ld^a of the arrange
ment and sub-division of the great area
the building covers.
A: the extreme northern end on the
lowest floor will b*» the North Pacific
company's bappnge and waiting room.
N> \t will com. 1 the San Francisco and
North Pacific Toast baggage and wait
ing room. Wells, Fargo & Co. have
space 2 s : by 4." feet for their office, which
will relieve the present office on New
Montgomery st-eet Immediately at the left of the main entrance is the post
office department But the space on the ground floor is not all that is given to
Uncle Barn's malls In the new ferry building. Up on the second floor there are
other quarters, making 13.^0 square feot In all taken up in the collection and
distribution of mail. Behind the main entrance, which is flanked by two intpos
lng double stairways twenty-five feet wide. Is the elevator to be used In the post
office department.
The arrangement to the right of the main entrance is similar to that on the
left The Pout hern Pacific waiting rooms come first, occupying a space 145 by
100 feet. To the right is the South Pacific Coast's department, nearly half as
large, and at the south end Is the Southern Pacific's baggage rooms, as large as
Its neighbor.
The ground floor of the new depot Is strictly business. When one mounts the
broad iron staircase and reaches the second floor, though, he finds as much that
is beautiful here as was merely useful tx
The Grand Nave, which Is a corridor CG6 feet long and 45 feet wide, is the
atonement the Harbor Commissioners have made to San Francisco for the old
ferry waiting room. It's a beautiful corridor, arched above with graceful dark
green iron curves belnw a skylight 14 feet wide, the entire length of the building.
Besides, there are broad, large arcades all along, and above clerestory windows.
Thr. place Is delightfully light and airy and graceful. The floor, 40.0t«J feet square,
■will be paved in random mosaic with a two-foot border of red marble. But it Is
the walls that you'll want to look at. lined with pearly Tennessee marble to a
height of 12 feet 3 inches, above which the buff brick and terra cotta are
used. The walls are so arranged that six panels of marble fill the space
on each division. Each of these panels, 4 feet by 9in height, is a pure, solid block
of marble. And each of the divisions is so matched that various effects, all
beautiful. havo been produced. On one wall the rosy stains of the marble have
been fitted so that alternate panels of pink and pale gray occur. On another
■wall all the flecks have a slanting direction; on another a zigzag. The whole is
a beautiful piece of architecture, and the satisfied eye looks along the dark green
arches, one beyond the other, surmounting this marble wall, culminating in the
great wlrdow at either end.
Only brass signs, specially designed by the architect, will be permitted in this
marble hall, so that nothing- may detract from its lofty beauty. At night it will
be lighted by brass incandescent lamps Jr.tting out from the cornice of each pillar
and from f-ach depression of the glass and steel arched ceiling great arc lights
will depend.
Beyond this corridor Is the real waiting room, -which will be fitted up with
wooden settees like those in use on the Piedmont. Bronze grill partitions will
divide up this great hall, so that the beauty of Us proportions will not be con
cealed. Here are ticket offices— for one may purchase tickets upstairs or down,
and after he has purchased them go up or down as he pleases before going on the
boat — and lavatories; these on the upper floor only for women.
Rolling wooden shutters ten feet wide separate these halls. The weights at
tached to these are so finely balanced that a man can easily lift these flexible
doors, which fold up into the cornice above. This middle hall is finlshea off in
Oregon pine, finely polished.
After you have bought your ticket you pass on into the third hallway, which
Is painted a soft, warm cream tone and then sanded over. This rear gallery will
be provided with movable partitions, by means of which the sheep-like crowds of
ferry passengers will be steered in the way they should go. Bridges which divide
and lead in two directions, thus connecting with two boats. Just out from this
last corridor to join the upper decks of waiting steamers. Special aprons de
signed by the chief engineer, which are supported by rams in the middle, connect
with the ordinary apron. The two outer corridors have cement floors.
The heating of the entire, building by steam and an elaborate conduit system
of electric lighting complete the arrangements made for the comfort of those
who come to and those who leave San Francisco.
The front part of the second story is given up to offices. It is buflt of hollow
terra cotta J'.reproof tile. There are four private offices for the Harbor Commis
sioners at the southerly end, a nine-windowed meeting room, a room for the
filing of documents, an office and a private office besides for the secretary. The
chief engineer has a sampling and testing room, a draughting room and a pri
vate office.
In the middle of the building is a small public hall lighted by three large win
dows. The third of these will bo changed into an entrance for the elevated way
for pedestrians, when the bridge shall be built from the corner of East and Sac
ramento streets. By means of this elevated road one may avolfl all the bustling
and confusion of tho ferry, and calmly wend his lofty way upon a path which no
clanging streetcar bell, no nerve-racking shout of profane driver, may disputo
with him.
The north end of the second floor Is given up to the postofflce. Here Is room
for thirty-two clerks to sort out mail. Here is the carriers' room, the stamp
windows, the office of the superintendent of Station D, and a room for the public
to address its letters and post them at the last moment before the boat leaves
the slip.
The mezzanine rtory is divided between the exhibit of the Mining Bureau
Which will occupy the north end. and that of the Board of Trade on the south.
The clock in the ferry tower will Lave one of the largest dials in the world.
It Is the largest in America, but there's a church in Belgium which has a. dial
nearly twice as large as this. Our fr>rry clock, which will move eerenely, pitiless
ly on while tiny daily parodies on the old tragedy "Too Late!" are being enacted
beneath its Impassive face, will !,e plßced at a height of 114 feet. Its outer dial is
twenty-two feet in diameter; tho diameter of the inner dial, which will be illu
minated at night, is just twice the length of a six-footer. The numerals on the
inner dial will not be visible by day, as They're on the inside of the dial.
One thing about this ferry clock which will commend It to short-sighted peo
ple and those who wish to know the worst, while still there may be time to rem
edy it and catch an elusive boat, is this: The hands of this clock are large, the
numerals are only of secondary importance. The minute hand is 11 reet long,
the hour hand 7 feet 6 inches.
"Time when read from a distance," says the architect, "is told by the posi
tion of the hands in the circle, the individual character of the letters having no
significance except as spots which divide the circle into twelve parts. At a great
distance the position of the hands could be more readily distinguished if there
were no characters whatever."
Every seven days this great clock will have to be wound. A crank is fitted
to the axle- of the great wheel, and a special arrangement called the maintaining
power kepps the clock going during the Jive minutes it takes the giant husband
man at the ferry to wind his great <
Within a week or two, now, the disliyuring debris which spoils the approach
to the new depot will be carted away. Postofflce Station L> will disappear, un
wept, unsung. J'.;:t if the Harbor Commissioners invite you to be present at their
grand housr-warming on April 1, it would be advisable to consider such an invita
tion as a joke befitting the time. However, if you're traveling on the Ist of May
half the disagreeables of your trip will be forgotten in the comfort and the pleas
urable impression you'll receive on starting out from or arriving at a ferry
depot so well-; finely built, and such a delightful contrast to the old
one we've borne with and suffered from and grumbled at so long.
PUGILISTS IN DEMAND.
Challenges From All Quarters and
Fights That Will Soorj Tak.e
Place.
Jimmy Lawlor, the clever and game lit
tle pugilist who invariably fights to win,
has a backer who is ready at any time
to post $500 as a side wager that Lawlor
can whip "Cocker" Tweedie, the 126
pound Australian pugilist who arrived
here last week from Australia.
In all probability the Acme Athletic
Club of Oakland will sign the men at a
very near future date for a contest of
six rounds. A match of this kind will at
tract an immense gathering of members
as both men are fast fighters and there
Is nothing that gives better satisfaction
than a fast and spirited bout between two
-i«r— tui-i hard-hitting feather-weights.
Jimmy Riley is willing and anxious to
meet the winner of the De Courcey and
McConnell light, which took place last
evening in Oakland before the Reliance
ciub.
Tom Sharkey is president of a boxing
club which was organized a few days ago
in Vallejo. The genial Thomas, who ex
pects to "pull off" the first fistic enter
tainment some time in February, is now
negotiating with Jack Btelsner of thla city
and Jim (.'asey of New Orleans. If Sh.ir
k.-y la successful in signing the heavy
weights the Vallejo sports will witness a
treat when the big guns step between the
ropes of the Vallejo Athl< tic Club.
The Manhattan Athletic Club of tnis
city will give its next entertainment on
the evening of the 27th inst. The event
of the evening will be a six-round contest
fur the welter-weight championship of the
club between John Leahy and A. Neill.
Fine writing papers, envelopes, tableta,
papeteries and good printing at Sanborn
& Vails. •
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
WILL SOON BE FINISHED.
IN THE GRAND NAVE OF SAN FRANCISCO'S NEW FERRY DEPOT.
POLICE COURT
BUGABOO AGAIN
Constitutionality of the
Courts Brought in
Question.
Ex-Judge Murphy Raises the
Point in a Case Before
Judge Low.
If the Defendant Is Held to Answer the
Supreme Court Will L-lkely
Be Appealed To.
The bugaboo of the constitutionality
of Police Courts 2, 3 and 4 will not down
and it cropped up again yesterday.
On the last occasion it was to have
been tested before the Supreme Court
In the case of Sidney Kellett, who had
been convicted and sentenced by Judge
Low for having burglars' tools in his
possession. Judge Low had instructed
the Sheriff not to recognise an order
for Kellett's release issued by Judge
Campbell, who had accepted Kellett's
bond on appeal. The matter was taken
before Judge Carroll Cook, who decided
that the committing magistrate could
only accept a bond on appeal and K.'l
lett's attorney took the case to the Su
preme Court.
At that time Attorney Lemon was to
argue tho unconstitutionally of the
courts, but Judge Low for.-stalled him
by indorsing th-- order of discharge Is
sued by Judge Campbell, and the buga
boo was once more removed.
It looks ominous again. Yesterday
Judge Low refused to trn I
a case in which Mrs. Louise
Kersten Is defendant. The at
torneys for the defense had asked for
a change <>f venue, but the Judge held
that under the law he could not trans
fer the case upon a mere allegation of
prejudice. Was on the part of the court
had b<--en alleged, because of th^ Judg
ment recently rendered, holding Cro
ner, the woman's associate, to answer
before the Superior Court.
When the clerk of the court asked
Mrs. Kenti n to stand up for arraign
ment ex-Judge Murphy, one of her at
torneys, made n motion to the effect
that the Judge was not in a position to
try the case as committing magistrate,
from the fart that the police court*
were unconstitutional, being establish
ed by sperial legislation. The Judge
promptly dismissed the motion and the
case went on.
It is now in the record that the un
constitutionality of the court has been
called in question and if the Judge
should decide upon holding the defend
ant to answer before the Superior
Court the probability is that ex-Judge
Murphy will test the question before
the Supreme Court.
Judge Low, as well as Judges Con
lan and Joachimsen believe that the
constitutionality of the courts cannot
be called in question, but it is consid
ered better that the matter should be
settled • definitely without unnecessary
delay by the highest court.
IS THE BRIDE OF
A POSTMASTER.
Nuptials of Jake Golinsky
and Miss Flora Rich.
Jake Golinsky, the popular young post
master of Keswick, Shasta County, nnd
Miss Flora Rich, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. I-. Rich, were married last evening
at 8 o'clock at the home of the bride's pa
rents, 044 Turk street.
Although it was an extremely qui^t
wfdiiing, only the relatives of the con
tracting parties being present, elaborate
preparations were made for the affair.
The parlors were bright with roses, car
nations and violets. The bay window of
the drawing-room was converted into a
floral bower, and there, standing under a
bell of pink and white roses. Rev. Dr.
Voorsanger pronounced the young couple
man and wife.
The bride was attended by her little
nieces. Miss Flora Stern, who officiated as
maid of honor, and Miss Rose Franken
berg, who acted as bridesmaid. S. Simon
was best man and the little Misses Clar-
Isso Marx. Alma Dlttenhoefer, Marlon
Dlttenhoefer and Amy Marx led the
bridal procession, strewing fragrant blos
soms along the bridal path.
The bride wore a dainty toilette of white
organdie over white taffeta. The over
dress was trimmed with alternate tiny
tucks and rows of Valenciennes Insertions.
At the hem of the skirt was a border of
orange blossoms, caught at regular inter
vals with white satin rosettes. A veil and
orange blossoms completed the modish
costume.
Mi. Flora Stern and Miss Frankenberg
were attired alike- In white chiffon over
White silk. The little flower girls wore
pretty gowns of white chiffon over pale
blue.
Mrs. Gollnsky, mother of the groom,
who on this occasion also celebrated the
twenty-seventh anniversary of her wed
ding, wore a magnificent black velvet
gown, the corsage of which was trimmed
with duchease lace.
Mrs. Rich, mother of the bride, was at
tired in black brocaded Bilk, trimmed with
rare old lace.
Mr. and Mrs. Gollnsky will go to-day to
Del Monte for a short stay, and then re
turn for ■ few days previous to leaving
for their future home In Keswick.
TOTAL VALUE OF
J. G. FAIR'S ESTATE
The Inventory and Appraise
ment Show It to Be Worth
Twelve Millions.
Popular Belief That It Represented
Thirty Millions Rudely
Dispelled.
The appraisement and Inventory of
the estate of the late James G. Fair is
ready for tiling, and its figures, as pre
dicted in Tho Call, prove a surprise to
even many of the deceased millionaire's
most Intimate friends. Instead of being
valued at $30,000,000, as -was commonly
supposed, the estate la worth but little
over $12,000,000. The appraisement was
made by It. V. Dey, O. 1.. Bresse and E.
a. Leigh. The expenses and salaries of
the appraisers diminish the sum total of
the estate $10,129 60, which is quite an
item in itself. The estate la summarized
as follows:
Moneys on hand In San Francisco, $252,950 42;
In New York, $228,755 SI; total moneys on hand,
$4K1.7u6 _:',. Heal estate In Sun I'ranelsco, $4.541,
424 9f>; outside real estate, $.".14,446 45. Per
sonal property: Itonds. $K.f.40.916 85; stocks.
JC61.534 30; notes, etc. $67,157 SS; due on street
work, $10,221 S6; county warrants. $3729 93:
ranch stock, etc.. $11)7.450 12; total personal
property, $6,391,400 44. Grand total. $12,228,
nt "7.
The most valuable piece of property is
the Li«'k House, which Is valued at $1,165.
500. Property on Post street adjoining
the hotel is valued at H37J00 for the
land and 120,000 for the Improvements.
The l'nir oillcc building:. Montgomery
. near Pine, la appraised at g
Several piece* <>f realty that are claimed
by Mrs. Nettle it. craven ure appraised
at ?:»'.'. :.'"i. The block hounded by Cali
fornia. Powell. Sacramento and Mason
streets is appraised at tUOJGO, improve
ments J15.000. The above constitute the
mosi valuable ■eparate holdings. The
remainder of the estate consists of
divers pieces of roil property and per
sonal property of various kinds and val
ues.
TO EMPLOY UNEMPLOYED.
A Proposition for Permanent Re
lief Suggested to the Board '
of freeholders.
A meeting: of the executive committee
of the unemployed men and women of
this city was held at 310 O'Farrell stret
last night, and the following petition to
the new Board of Freeholders was form-
ulated and unanimously adopted:
To the Honorable the Board of Freeholder*
to frame a charter fur San Francisco: We.
the unemployed, respectfully petition your
beard to make provision in the charter of
San Francisco for the public employment of
the unemployed, and we show that the condi
tion of Industry '• such that the number of
operatives required to produce products of all
kinds by the use of machinery and modern in
vention leaves constantly an ever increasing
number of persons unable to obtain employ
ment by reason of which the ability to con
sume goods and products In diminished, and
that these causes lead rapidly to the produc
tion of more goods than can be sold at a
profit, and this In turn" throws more men out
of employment and thus panics are . frequently
produced, and the question of unemployed la
bor Is therefore the most serious question of
the age; and we further show to your board
that the poor who have nothing but their
hands with which to work. If denied the op
portunity to work must of necessity starve,
and we therefore insist that to deprive men
of the right to work deprives them of their
life; and we further show to your board that
the number of the unemployed constantly In
creases and In this city many times has been
very great, and Is now on the increase, and
that this city has found it necessary to at
tempt to relieve this condition heretofore by
obtaining private subscriptions to raise money
to put the unemployed to work and that such
method of relief has proved entirely inade
quate: and we -further show to your board
that it is not Just that funds to employ the
unemployed should bo raised by an irregular
manner, and demands made upon certain Indi
viduals, but that the same ought to be" raised
by taxation equitably and lawfully laid, and In
some sufficient- and genuine relief; anil we
further show to your board that public works
cf many different natures In the city and
county of San Francisco are required and that
public moneys may be expended in the em
ployment of the unemployed at all times when
private employment shall fall with benefit to
the tax-payers and inhabitants of said city.
We therefore ask that you place In sala
charter a section or provision substantially as
follows:
Section — . There Fhall be Inserted In the
regular annual tax levy for said city and coun
ty each year the item of three hundred thou
sand dollars, which amount shall be laid,
levied and collected by Bald annual tax levy
as and for a specific emergency fund for trie
purpose of employing the unemployed upon
public works of said city and county, in sucli
manner and under such rules and regulations
as shall be prescribed by the Board of Super
visors of said city and county, provided al
ways that no person shall be so employed who
had not been at least six months continuously
next immediately preceding his employment
a bona fide resident and Inhabitant In said city
and county.
T. J. BROWNING, Chairman,
K. J. corhktt. Secretary,
K. W. TIIURMAN,
Committee.
Other business consisted of the election
of K. \V. Thurman as a member of the
committee to fill a vacancy and the con
sideration of a proposition to secure per
manent headquarters. A committee was
appointed to look after suitable rooms,
and the meeting adjourned to the call of
the chair.
FOR CRUELTY TO A HORSE.
rierjry Hauser Arrested for Beat-
ing a Poor Beast Tf)at Could
Hardly Walk-
Henry Hanser was arrested for rruplty
to animals l>y Otttcers W. T. Hooper and
M. Miiurrie of the Society for the Pre
vention of Cruelty to Animals. James
Hawkins, a member of The society, saw
Hawser leading a horse that could hardly
walk behind a peddlers' cart on Spear
street, near Market. He notified the peo
ple at the pound, who made the arrest.
The horse whs found to be very old and
one of his hips was broken. When the
officers arrived on the scene the poor
beast was actually leaning up ap.iinst the
wagon to hold Itself up. The condition of
the animal as it was driven up the street
attracted the attention of a number of
people and the cries of "shame" were nu
merous. The horse was so badly injured
that the officers had to shoot him.
From the owner it was learned by the
officers that the animal had been sold to
1 > A. Kenyon, who runs a green bone mill
at Petalurha. and was being taken to the
wharf for shipment when the officers took
charge of him. Kenyon, according to the
officers, comes to the city once a week to
buy up all the decrepit horses he can. and
then ships them to his mill where they
are killed and pround Into chicken feed.
The society has warned him before not to
have the "f*nimals driven through the
street and is determined to put a stop to
it Some of the animals sold Kenyon are
said to be in a worse condition than the
one killed yesterday, and many of them
die on the "boat before they reach Peta
luma. As low as thirty-five cents is the
price Kenyon pays for some of the horses.
RAILROAD-CAR THIEVES.
Three of Then) Chased, but Es
cape. Leaving Their Plunder
in a Wagon.
Ahout two weeks ago a car of the
Southern Pacific was broken open and a
large quantity of brass Joinings was
stolen. Since then the detectives of the
company have been looking for the
tllieV. H.
Special Officer Lewin was driving: along
First street yesterday morning when he
and Soe are well known to the police and
past him with a lot of the stolen brass
I< linings in the wagon. Lewin gave chase
and the thieves Jumped from the wagon
and made their escape. Lewin took pos
session of the rig and drove with It to
the t'ity Hall. It was shortly afterward
claimed by A. P. Hanson, a livery stable
keeper >>n ' nrannan street, between Sixth
and Seventh.
Th<> three thieves, Abbott, Anglesey
and Coe are well-known to the police and
warrant! were issued for their arrest.
tives Ryan and ODea were detailed
to help Lewin in capturing them.
The thieves had hidden the Joinings In
I Most Complexion Powders!
have a vulgar glare, but Pozzoni's is a true!
beau t ifler , whose effects are lasting. C
the dumps, where they built a flre to re
move the babbitt metal from the Join
ings, as the junk men will only buy the
brass.
In Favor of Honest Illiteracy.
The following appeal has been forward
ed to Senator Stephen M. White at Wash
ington, D. C:
SAX FRANCISCO. Jan. 17, IS9S.— Hon.
Stephen M. White, United State 3 Senator,
Washington, D. C. : On behalf of the Italian
and other illiterate Immigrants I appeal to you
and to all friendly Senators to oppose the Im
migrant bill before the Senate, It being
against the policy of our institutions. Let the
Bag which proclaims liberty and freedom to
the world not be stained by a measure which
If It should be enacted would contradict the
glorious principles of our forefathers and the
example set by Columbus. There is plenty
place in the region of this T.'nton west of the
Missouri River where immigration Is abso
lutely needed. These illiterate immigrants are
a hardworking, enterprising, good people, con
sumers and who help to build up our country.
They seek no office and none of them occupy
our penitentiaries as forgers, counterfeiters,
swindlers, etc. Kindly submitted.
J. F. FUGAZI.
President Columbus Bank. San Franclscp.
NEW TO-DAY.
Heart Disease
doeg not kill with- # *
out warning. In |C P Hrfkl\\f*
its early stages it "^ V.UI UUIC.
Dr. Franklin Mile*, the eminent specialist in !
diseases of the heart and nervous system,
who has made a life study of these diseases*
has provan that heart disease, even in its '.atei
■tages, can be cured, and men and women in
all parts of the world who have been cured,
»-v H«l « are healthy, active wit-
lir. MhIPQ nesses, for they were
fcri • itiiiVsO restored t0 health by
Book on the ■ ■ ■ '
fe* Heart Cure
DR. MILES MEDICAL CO., Elkhart. Ind.
** Must Vacate
By the Ist of February.
TURKISH RUG CO.'S ART ROOMS,
324 SUTTER STREET,
The Entire Stock of Rare
TURKISH, -PTTPC
PERSIAN HUIJO.
1000 Pairs Moorish, Oriental, Bagdad
Portieres, Draperies, Etc.,
Will be Sold Out at AUCTION
ox
THURSDAY, FRIDAY, SATURDAY,
Jan. 20. 21. 22. at 2 and 8 p. m. daily,
At 324 SUTTER STREET.
ASTON, ELDUIDGE & CO.. Auctioneers.
SgjgJ DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
fMaf * nM9 Five hun dred reward for any case
M 2**M 2 ** K«.vo cannot cure. This secret remedy
a DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOR
Fivp hundred reward for any case
*-c cannot cure. This secret remedy
stops all losses in 24 hours, cures '
SB PWPI emissions, Impotenoy, Varicocele, j
f?7ri FuUl gonorrhoea. Gleet. Fits, Strictures, '■
mm IKW 1 '"' 1 Manßood and. all wasting ef-
HH_JjK^ fects of self-abuse or excesses. Sent !
■taQßreaa' sealed $2 bottle: S bottles. $5: guar ''
anteedtocure. Addreps HALL'S MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 805 Broadway. Oakland. Cal. Also '
for sale at 10T3',t Market St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly cured. Send for free book.
nPAENESS & HEAD NOISES CURED
1^ "."■■ lielp "hen *ll t>l»e fails, a.t glassen beiueves.
Srlf-adjurtlny. No Pain. Wbisperx heard. Send to enrr
V. Ui^ino., 855 1T,,,. %■>.. fornuulcandlTuofs FREE
■ ■ ■ i.X ■ ■.'■■. ■ . • ■
A FEW GOOD POINTS.
K7"That a person in perfect health,
rarely catches a cold. It is only when
the system is run down and the blood
does not circulate properly that people
fall victims to colds.
IC That it is a bad sign to feel weak
and shivery and to constantly suffer
from tired, miserable feelings. If you
do not eat well, work well and sleep
well, there is evidently a weak spot in
your system.
•c That ordinary food and drink can
not supply the great vital force re
quired by people who work hard with
their hands and brains. They need
something to stimulate their energies,
promote digestion and keep the blood
moving. There is nothing better for this
purpose than pure malt whiskey.
E7 That there is only one really me
dicinal whiskey and that Is Duffy's pure
malt. It is not an ordinary whiskey, but
a pure stimulant that has a wonderful
effect on the system. It stirs up the
sluggish blood, builds up the health,
creates a good appetite and promotes
digestion. It prevents and will cure
coughs, colds, chills, and even pneumo
nia. Every reliable grocer and druggist
keeps it. Beware of inferior imita
tions. Remember there is no other
whiskey like Duffy's and no other that
can possibly take its place.
\Yot <g§§|CoXctt'iftv
Guanas./*?*; 'tfl'k tIVQ.\A*
Trfu v//^St^
ELY'S CREAM BALM la a positive cnre.
Apply into the nostrils. It is quickly absorbed. 80
cents at DruairUte or by mail ; samples 10c. by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York City.
i^r^^^^^^ We will «end you a fir* (5) day trial
Wr MPNI treatment of tha French Remedy
W \li C n CALTHOS free. <"• C. O. DD and
I RP^S* fl a ' *> a guarantee that Calthos will
» ? M M STOP !>l.oh«r t f. and Emlulon*,
A. 1 "Ji n.rJI CUBE ■»p>Tm!i!.irrh.'«, Varlcoecie,
Hh NI^THJ •■>'! KKM'OKE Lost Vl C or. fc*
WftfrfcjiiiJrtM It costs you nothing to try It.
I VOnMohlCO. l »rieulgU.ClnclaaaU.O.
NEW TO-DAY— AMUSEMENTS.
.IRIEOtANOCJ) COTTloßaC°aiiUianwujts»
Just a little comedy,
Just a little son?,
Just a little repartee
To make it move along:.
Just a good production.
With situations funny. Is
COURTED INTO COURT.
And it's getting all the money.
Presented by RICH & HARRIS' Great Com-
pany of Farceurs, headed by
Marie Dressier and John C. Rice.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK.
Coming " What Happened to Jones."
aßa&lwirh <sficatft
I&ED!ANDtfi GOITtOB a C! itssits *<<iajum«
ONLY FIVE NIGHTS MORE .
To-Nlght and We'll Laugh Again. Last Per
formance Saturday Night.
WILLIE I! In the Greatest Ever.
collier II THE MAN FROM MEXICO
Next Monday— "THE GIRL FROM PARIS."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Erxestixe Kkelixo, Proprietor & Manager
— -TONIGHT-A HIT
The Musical Event of the Season,
• The Romantic Comic Opera,
BRIAN BORU.
A story of Ireland many hundred years ago.
Great Cast.
Special Scenery. Correct Costumes.
, Appropriate Accessories.
Enlarged Chorus Augmented Orchestra.
"The Harp That Once Thro' Tara's Halls."
Soul-Stirring Ensembles and Finales. •
Popular Prices 25c arjd 50c
AT Cj A 7 A D 6eats by PhonY
r\.L^K^r\Z^J-\r\ Main 234.
A DELIGHTFUL ENTERTAINMENT.
To-night, at 8:15, I'aulding's one-act pathetio
".A. "NT A "NTS LOVE!"
And at 9 o'clock promptly Boucicault's roar-
"FORBIDDEN FRUIT."
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Prices .....Isc, 25c, 35c, 600
Week Commencing Monday, dan. 17.
FOR ONE WEEK ONLY.
THE KNABEN-KAPELLE,
ID LITTLE NATURAL-BORN MUSICIANS.
RICE & ELMER. Comedy Athletes; CAR-
TER DE HAVEN, Diminutive Comedian; AL-
MONT &■ DUMONT. High-class Musical Spe-
cialists; KNIGHT ASTON, Australian Tenor
! Robusto; PROF. GALLANDO. Lightning Clay
: Modeler; PATRICI & CO.. and others.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony, luc; Opera
Chairs and Box seats, COc.
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE
, Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager.
Magnificent Presentation of the Great War
Drama,
"THE BLUE AND THE GRAY!"
Beautiful Patriotic Scenes and Tableaux. The
Acme Quartet in War and Camp Songs. A
; Strong Cast, New Scenic and Mechanical
1 Effects. A thrilling • story of the struggle for
! the Union.
Evening prices — 10c. 25c and 50c.
MATINEE SATURDAY AND SUNDAY.
WEEK DAYS ARE THE BEST DAYS TO SEE
GHIQUITA! ~
Cuba's Atom. The Smallest Woman on Earth.
She is Positively the
MARVEL OF THE AGE i
Daily Receptions at the CHUTES
Afternoon and Evening, RAIN OR SHINE.
10c to all. Including Vaudeville; Children,, 6c.
BUSH-STREET THEATER.
, The Thalia German-Hebrew Opera Company.
Wednesday Evening. . January 19. by request,
■will be produced the successful operetta
"ALEXA.NDKE,! 1 Crown Prince of Jerusa-
; lem. • Box Office open daily from 10 A. M. to 5 P. M.
RACING!. RACING! RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting. IS 1 . 1 ?-'.*?. Beginning MONDAY
, January 10 to January 22. Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACETRACK.
RACINO MONDAY. TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
. V;: THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
FIVE OR MORE RACES JH DAY.
-RACES START AT 2:16 P. M. BHABP.
Ferry ■ Boats leave San Francisco at 12 M.
and 12:30. 1:00. 1:30, 2:00. 2:30 and 3 P. M.,
connecting with trains stopping at the entrance
to track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell
Mound. ■ ■ •
Returning leave the Track', at 4:15
' •and 4:45 P. M., and immediately after the last
l ° e THOMAS H. WILLIAMS 7R., President.
-. R. B. ■ MILROY. Secretary.
THE LYBECK CYCLE SKATING RINK.
; Howard St.. between Third and Fourth.
Moving Pictures and Optical Illusions.
ORCHESTRA MUSIC.
M Open daily from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m.; 2to 4:10
p. m.: 7 to 10 p. m. General Admission. 10c;
. Gents' Skates, 15c; Ladies' Skates, Free.
78
THE Jubilee colors have been flung
to the winds, Rnd yesterday for
the first time the city breezes
played with gorgeous banners of
yellow and gold.
Decorators Commenced work
at an early hour yesterday morning, and
before noon they had given Market street
a most festal appearance. As far to the
westward as Kearny street the brilliant
Tbuntlngs flapped and fluttered, and they
eeemed to lend to what sunshine there
■was what little -warmth It contained.
By Friday all the decorations will be in
jtlai-o. and then the streets will be gay
Indeed. Out Market street from the ferry
to Van Ness avenue, down all the side
streets from Market to Mission, a.nd from
Second to Eleventh; over Montgomery, as
far as the lino of march shall lead and
back again over Kearoy; up one block on
every street that runs west from Market,
and out one block on every one that runs
north — tliat Is t^e plan as outlined; the
yellow and poiri will bfl the burden of it
all, as It Is on the main thoroughfare, but
the national colors will have the place of
honor through it all.
The Jubilee fever has even seized John
Chinaman, for he, too, is busy with his
division of the parade — arranging orders
of march, choosing regalia and designing
floats, and even going to the extent of
electing marshals and aides, for John
Chinaman is going to run outside the tra
ditions of his race for this once, and he
will sacrifice two of his cousins In order
that the Grand Marshal shall h/ive
mounted Chinese for his aides from their
division.
The organization having charge of the
Chinese, division is known as the United
Parlor of the Native Sons of the GoKien
Ftate. There will l>e two floats in their
peotlon, and various characters in the his
tory of China will he portrayed by suit
ably costumed Celestials; every man In
the Chinese section will carry a banner or
Instrument or weapon of 8 I
The parade committee has been annoyed
by a report to the effect that the Mu
sicians' Union had a grievance against it
for not adhering to union rates. It was
eald, too, that the musicians had forced
up the price of bands for the day from $5
a man to $7 a man. This has not been the
case. The rules of the union were looked
up for three years back and it was found
that $7 a day for each man has always
been the rate, and that there had been no
forcing of the prices. There has been no
attempt on the part of the committee to
antagonize the union In any way, and in
hiring bands it has hired all the union or
ganizations it could find.
Out at the Pavilion all is activity. The
MORE PROOF
RAESIDE WAS
MURDERED
Coroner Baldwin Still
Probing the Shell
Mound Mystery.
A Significant Verdict Is
Brought In by the
Coroner's Jury.
Many Facts to Prove the Horse
man Was Not Killed by
the Train.
AWAKENED BY A SCREAM.
Statement of • Resident of the Neigh
borhood — Made a Big Winning
That. Day.
Murdered for the winnings he had
•yron that day at the Oakland race track
and his body cast upon the track of the
West Berkeley train to divert suspi
cion.
Evidence Is accumulating that such
■was the fate of Joseph H. Raeside, the
horseman, at Shell Mound last Thurs
day night. That the Coroner's Jury,
Impaneled by Coroner Baldwin of Ala
meda County, Inclined to this belief Is
shown by the verdict returned by them
last night, to the effect "that death was
caused in some manner unknown."
When the unfortunate man's re
mains were first picked up it was the
opinion of the railroad men that he
had thrown himself in front of the lo
comotive with suicidal intent, but this
belief was dissipated as soon as the
Coroner and his assistants began an
Investigation. Their first inquiries
tended to show that Raeside had stum
bled onto the track while intoxicated,
but the deeper the tragedy was probed
the more firmly convinced Coroner
Baldwin became that the man was the
victim of thugs, and finally he called
upon the police authorities for assist
ance. Detectives Holland and Herbert
were detailed on the case, and they,
too, express themselves as satisfied
that murder has been committed.
There are many circumstances tend
ing to substantiate this view. Raeside
was known to have made a large win
ning on Ricardo at 30 and 40 to 1 that
day, the first of any consequence for a
long time.
Shortly after 9 o'clock that night he
was seen by an acquaintance in this
city, apparently sober, hurrying along
Kearny street toward Market, evident
ly to board a car for the ferry. Then a
brakeman on the Berkeley train re
members a man who tallies with Rae-
Blde's description get off at Shell Mound
about 10:40 o'clock. The brakeman
says the person he saw may have been
slightly under the influence of liquor,
but was by no means intoxicated.
But there are other things which
were brought out at the inquest last
"leht, and the Alameda County au
The Golden Jubilee
Figure of a Miner for the Tri
umphal Arch.
thorlties will sift the matter to the bot
tom.
Raeside has been a familiar figure on
the local tracks for some time. He
was a Scotchman by birth, and at one
time was possessed of considerable
funds, but of late he has been at the
bottom of the ladder, and finally was
compelled to accept a position as rub
ber for Capp, the owner of Ricardo.
That Raeside was well connected wns
shown by his speech and manners. He
was also a thirty-second degree Mason
and a Knight Templar, being a mem
ber of the Waukeegan, 111., ("ommand
ery, which body has ordered a thor
ough investigation into the cause of his
death. The same authority ordered the
remains shipped to that place Sunday
night for burial.
Coroner Baldwin has traced with
considerable accuracy the movements
of Raeside on the day of his doath. It
is known positively that he won
something like $1200 on the races that
day, and after finishing his work at
the track went to Oakland and after
ward came to this city.
Some of his movements wer.e told to
the Coroner's jury at Saturday night's
hearing, but new and important evi
dence was brought out last night.
James Collins, a barkeeper at Earl's
saloon on Thirteenth street, near
Washington, testified that Raeside
went into his place about ten days ago
and called for a drink, placing a dime
on the bar in payment. Collins knew
Raeside was not flush with money,
and told him to have a drink with the
Switch at Shell Mound Where Raeside's Body Was Found.
THE SAX FKAXCISCO CALL., TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
most Interesting exhibit— the model of a
mme — Is nearly completed, and will within
a few dayn be In working order. There la
over GOO foot of tunneling and drifting, be
benidosi tho main nhnft, whlrh will run far
beneath the Pavilion floor. The mine
showß (ill tho different methods of timber
ing tunnels and shafts, the methods of
working, the machinery used, the ledge,
what it looks like, and how It Is followed
down Into the earth, and, In fact, every
thing a person could see by going Into a
mining country.
It !s expected to be possible to open the
Pavilion during the week of the Jubilee,
and if that be so an admission fee of 10
c^nts will be charged for any one who
may wish to see how things are made
ready for a great exposition.
Arrangements for the military games
to be given at Central Park are progress
ing rapidly and a most successful meet
is promised. The events will be mostly
composed of those peculiar to military
tournaments, and each of these has a
distinct value as a means of Instruction
to the soldier as well as being an Interest-
Ing contest to witness. Among the events
will be a wall scaling contest, in which
the prize will go to that squad which first
p»ts its five men over a wall ten feet
high, the men to fire twenty-five shots at
an Imaginary enemy while going over.
Another event is a shoe race, where each
man is separated from his shoes by fifty
yards, and then after the shoes of all the
men in the race have been thoroughly
mixed the men are started. They must
find their own shoes, put them on and he
wins who first reaches the scratch again
with his shoes properly laced and neatly
tied. A feature which adds interest to
the event Is that any man who picks up
the wrong shoe is at liberty to throw It
as far away from him as he can. There
will also be a hasty entrenchment race,
in which each man will be given five min
utes to entrench himself, the man mak
ing the best cover to win.
The managers of the flower market
have progressed as far as the appointing
of two judge* to pass upon the flowers
which will bloom in Union Square. The
Judge* chosen are Mayor Phelan and
John McLaren, superintendent of the
park; there will be three other Judges
appointed, but the exhibitors will be con
sulted before they will be named. It has
been decided to offer live prizes ranging
from $.">0 downward, and this number will
be increased if the executive committee
can spare the money. The square will be
brilliantly lighted during the evenings,
and a fine canvas awning will be erect
ed ;i round the big flag pole in the center
of the square to protect the exhibitors
house. Thursday evening about 6
o'clock Raeside again visited the sa
loon nnrl said to Collins: "I don't for
get a favor, it's your turn to drink
with me." He told Collins he had
made a good winning that day, in
proof of which he displayed $10 or $12
in silver and about |$0 in sold. He
stated that h u warn coming to San
Francisco to pay a bill of $10 he owed,
and promised the barkeeper to let him
in on a "good thing" at the tra^k In a
few days. "1 have taken a liking to
you." said Raeside, "and I will give
you a good thing next week. lam no
tout and only try to help my friends
out."
He said further that he had left |M 0
with the bookmakers, that he never
took his money away and never let
the touts know he had any, for some of
them would rob a man for 60 cents.
i '"llins said liaeside had taken a few
drinks, but was by no means intoxi
cated. He left the saloon at 7:10
o'clock to catch the train for San Fran
cis"D.
Dr. Porter was recalled and testified
that from measurements he had taken
of the body he judged Raeside to have
been 5 feet 9 or 10 inches in height.
He had also measured the space be
tween the rails of a standard-gauge
track, and it was his opinion that the
body had lain across the rails and the
wheels had passed" over his head and
the legs below the knees. The broken
ribs he accounted for by the body be
ing caught and rolled under the en
gine.
John F. Pinkham, Who for Forty
Years Has Marshaled the Fio
neers. He Will Be in His Old
Plac: Next Monday.
from the rain, should the weather office
not be able to properly control the
clouds.
Governor Mcl-auren of Mississippi and
Go\*ernor PlngTee of Michigan have com
municated to the executive committee
their regrets at being unable to attend
the celebration. A. I>. Sperry and J. P.
Polliver of the House of Representatives
end Senator W. R Allison of lowa also
will be unable to be present.
President Sanford B. Dole of Hawaii
has been extended an Invitation to at
tend California's Golden Jubilee.
The trainmen were called to grive
pome further evidence, and then the
jury brought In the following verdict:
"We, the jury, do find that the name of
the deceased was Joseph H. Uaeside, a
native of Scotland, aged about #3 years,
and that he came to tils death at Shell
Mound ■ station, * Emeryville, Alameda
County, <".il.. at some time between 10:40
and 11 lock p. m. January 13, IK'S, and
that death was caused in some manner
unknown to this jury.
A Call reporter, accompanied by an
artist, made a careful inspection of the
scene of the tragedy yesterday, and
picked up one bit of information which
had been overlooked by the officers.
I-i ss than 200 feet from the spot where
Haesi'it : body was found lives an old
man named Holland. He stated that
sometime between 10 and 11 o'clock last
Thursday night he was awakened by a
piercing scream. He got out of bed,
but heard nothing more and went back
to bed. All the trainmen declare they
heard no sound, so it may be that the
shriek Holland heard was uttered by
Raeside when attacked by robbers.
The West Berkeley train runs on to
a side track in coming into Shell
Mound station. The engine is un
coupled and runs ahead onto the main
track again, then backs down to the
switch it first came on and back to
the single car It draws. This occupies
loss than two minutes, and when it
first ran on to the switch Thursday
night nothing was to be seen of Rae-
Btde. When it came back the second
time the man was lying on the track.
The engineer tried to stop his engine,
but could not do so in time and the
wheels severed the head from the body
and cut off the legs. On the east Bide
of the track there is a fence extending
t<>u;ird the station fully 100 feet be
yond where the body lay, and it would
be hardly possible for a drunken man
to walk that far before the engine re
turned. There would be ample time,
however, to throw the body over the
fence and place it across the track and
for the murderers to Jump back over
the fence and out of sight.
Raeside slept at the race track near
the gate opposite Shell Mound, so that
is where he would get off the train.
He would have no business near the
Wrst Berkeley track and certainly
none where he was run over.
If he was murdered the assassins
planned their work so carefully that
it Is doubtful if they will ever be
brought to Justice.
WERE CAPTURED
VERY CLEVERLY
Notorious Burglars Arrested
Last Evening by Offi
cer Thompson.
Two notorious burglars, recognized as
Frank Mitchell and Sidney Kellett. were
arrested by Officer K. J. Thompson late
last evening on Howard street, near
Twelfth. While standing at Mission and
Fifteenth streets Thompson saw the two
men, who were acting in a peculiar man
ner, and followed them to the place
where they were arrested. Kellett was
placed on the detention book at the
Seventeenth Street Police Station and
Mitchell was charged with carrying
burglars' tools. Mitchell was in posses
sion of a jimmy and several articles of
Jewelry, supposed to have been stolen
W«re in K.llett's possession.
Kellett la at the present time out on
bonds, pending an appeal on a one year's
sentence for carying concealed weapons,
and he is well known by the police as a
desperate character. Mitchell and Kel
lett have been closely watched for several
days past and the captur* Is supposed to
be clever as well as fortunate for the
residents In the Mission. While the men
were passing down the street they were
evidently taking notes of the lay of the
land, as they stopped for a short time in
front of each house on the trip.
Aathma. bronchitis, cure piaranfd. Dr. Oor
din« Sanitarium. 614 Pine, nr. Kearny, S.F..C*!
A meeting of the executive committee
was held last night, at which the follow
ing were appointed a reception commit
tee of the general committee: 8. 11.
Daniels (chairman), L. R. Ellert, Jacob
H. Neff. J. J. Dwyer. Louis Glass, Samuel
P. Mlddleton, L. F. Bylngton, Henry
Fortman, Samuel ('. Irving, Leon Sloss,
Adolph Roos, P.en.lfimln F. Lacy, Louis
F. Durrand, Ttnjihael Well, Conrad Her
mann, D. V. Kelly, Miss Llllle O. Reich
ling, Mrs. Louise Watson Morris, Miss
May B. Wllkir.s. Miss Mariana Berthold,
Mis* Dr. Hoi leman, Mrs. Judge A_ L.
Frlck, Mrs. XV. S. Leake, Miss Eliza D.
Keith, Miss Johanna Myers, Mrs. Anna
Gruber-Foley.
Plans for the first part of Jubilee week
having gone far enough along to prevent
Interference, the various committees are
working on the events wnlch will take
place during the latter days of tho cele
bration.
Next to Monday, the 24th, the biggest
day will be Saturday, the 29th. On tnat
day the children will have their chance.
The opening exercises of the Miners' Fair
will be held, and a grand parade of min
ers, Including all the floats used in the
big parade of the 24th. will add to the
gayety of the occasion.
The children will have their day in the
park. Drills by pupils from the public
schools, hayrides in the big park farm
wagons, games on the lawns and a least
laid out by the jubilee committee if it
should have funds will help to pass tne
hours.
In the evening it is planned to have a
masquerade or mardi gras if the Super
visors will allow it.
Milton Johnson, the colored beau of
Oakland, Is making great preparations
for the cake walk. Already seven cakes
have been promised and over twenty
couples have entered. The prizes will
amount to more than $500.
San Luis Obispo County has decided to
be represented in the celebration, and
Sheriff S. D. Pallou and D. F. Mahoney,
both of San Miguel and the latter a
prominent Native Son, have been chosen
as representatives.
The Veteran Volunteer Firemen's Asso
ciation is making arrangements for the
reception of the veteran firemen's asso
ciations in the Interior. letters were sent
out yesterday by the jubilee committee
to San Jose, Santa Rosa, Watsonvlue,
Healdsburg and Santa Cruz, inviting
them to participate In the big parade next
Monday. As soon as the acceptances are
received from these companies they will
be assigned to a p.ace in the line and
will be escorted by the local firemen's
organizations.
FIRE-PROOF WOOD
YET TO BE USED
Secretary Long Directs That
Battle-Ships Be Built Ac
cording to Contract.
This Material to Be Employed In Joiner
Work, as Provided, in the-
Specifications.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Secretary
Long has directed that the specifications
for the construction of the battleships
K'-arsarge, Kentucky, Alabama, Wiscon
sin and Illinois, providing for the build-
Ing of the joiner work with fire-proof
wood be carried out. This comprises over
two-thirds of the woodwork in the ves
sels named.
The Secretary says that after a careful
consideration of the advantages derived
from the use of electro fire-proof wood
on naval vessels it is decided that no
electro fire-proof wood shall be hereafter
used for the decking of naval vessels, as
the advantages that might be derived
from the use of such wood are incommen
surate with the cost of the same, and
that its use on torpedo-boats now under
construction be discontinued, as there is
so little woodwork on them, but that
electro fire-proof wood shall be used in
all joiner work of the new battleships as
provided in the specifications accompany
ing the contract, therefor, as the advan
tages to be derived from its use for such
purposes would seem to justify the in
creased cost incident thereto.
It was officially announced at the Navy
Department to-day that Civil Engineer A.
G. Menocal had been ordered to return
to New York and report his arrival to
the department by telegraph. It is ex
pected at the department that Menocal
will return to the United States within
the next ten days.
Chief Engineer Kirby has been trans
ferred from the Baltimore to the hospital
in San Francisco.
THE CONGREGATION
THROWN INTO PANIC.
A Prankish Boy, Dressed as the Devil, Plays
a Trick that May Hare Serious
Results.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— A special to the
Times-Herald from Bourbon, Ind., says:
Rev. Mr. Akin, pastor of the flock of
Bethel Church, on Sunday took for his
theme "His Satanic Majesty." He Is an
eloquent man and he painted the arch
fiend In vivid colors. At the climax of
the description a being dressed to repre
sent the devil, with large head and
switching tail, ambled up the aisle, blow
ing smoke from his nostrils and bellow
ing:
•1 am the devil and I want all of you."
The audience became panic-stricken.
Men, women and children were hurled to
the floor and trampled upon In the mad
rush for the door. In the confusion the
stove was upset and the building caugnt
fire. Before the horrified members had
regained their senses the fire had made
such headway that all attempts to save
the church were In vain.
This morning George Akin, eon of the
pastor, confessed that he. in company
with other boys, rigged up a devil suit,
and knowing the subject of his father's
sermon concealed himself behind a chair
and awaited the arrival of the audience.
-♦
PRICES OF CALIFORNIA
PRUNES TO BE ADVANCED.
But in Other Fruits the New fork Markets
Are Well Supplied and the Figures
Are Low.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— The Journal of
Commerce says: Telegrams received this
morning from its principals in California
Instructed a commission house here,
•which is credited with being one of the
chief holders of orunes in this market
Figure of Sutter for the Triumphal
Arch.
to advance prices, as no more goods were
to be had on the coast at less than 3
cents f. o. b. for Santa Clara fruit, and
the stock of northern and southern
prunes was closely controlled by specu
lators. The feeling in lemons is steady,
owing to the comparatively small quan
tity of Sicily fruit on the spot and to
arrive, but, while the tendency of prices
on the latter is upward, rather free of
ferings of California fruit in the inferior
markets at comparatively low figures
prevent any improvement in prices. Sel
lers, however, are confident and look for
better figures during the coming week.
Jamaica oranges are quiet, but prices are
maintained. Florida oranges are in
small stock and in few hands. The mar
ket is firm, but we hear of little demand.
Valencia oranges are ebout out of mar
ket, and, so far as we can learn, there
is nothing to arrive near due. Spot prices
are nominal and unchanged.
CHARLES M. SHORTRIDGE'S
CONDITION IMPROVED.
Slight Change for the Better Warrants the
Hope That He May Yet
Recover.
SAN JOSE, Jan. 17.— The condition of
Charles M. Shortridge to-day was consid
ered critical, and at one time during the
afternoon it was the opinion of the at
tending physicians that he had but a few
hours to live. During the evening his
condition changed for the better, and a
telephone message received from Gilroy
Hot Springs at midnight stated that his
improvement was such as to warrant
some hope of his recovery.
Mrs. Clara S. Foltz, a sister of Mr.
Shortridge, arrived in San Jose from New
York this evening, and, accompanied by
her son, David M. Foltz, has left for Gil
roy.
BALLINGTON BOOTH
IS GREATLY REJOICED.
Reconciliation With His Father May Result in
the American Volunteers and Salvation
ists Working in Harmony.
NEW YORK. Jan. 18.— The World says:
Commander Ballington Booth of the
American Volunteers said yesterday that
he was greatly rejoiced over his recon
ciliation with his father. He thought he
said, that important results would fol
low.
"I believe that hereafter," he added
"the American Volunteers and the Salva
tion Army will pursue their work in their
respective fields like churches of different
denominations, in perfect haromny, and
NEW TO-DAY.
JLfri. oUi Jlri
GUARANTEES
That the cost of treatment to effect a
cure, by his NEW SYSTEM, will not ex-
f^bi^lPiis ceed the prices named below, including
j^'F7^Jpi|| all medicines.
If incurable you will be told so.
Catarrh. $20 00 j Piles ....$2O 00 Kidney Diseases S2O m
Rheumatism 20 00 Paralysis 60 00 Nervous Debility 20 no
Neuralgia .. 20 00 Skin Diseases 20 00 Syphilis JJetmlly sa on
Sciatica 20 00 Diabetes ... ......... 25 00 Varicocele M
pA V. :::::::::::::: IS BBBBSSaS£-~.BS iSv".".:':::™:: SS
Tape Worm 20 00 Diseases of Liver 20 00 ' Gleet }- m
BB y ° SS p s e^,a:;;::.-::: :::: fg 8S T^ul hi . c^±^
Deafness » 001 Bright. Disease 40 8 i Canc°er .".."vlnffS SJ 00
Those who are unable to pay the above prices will receive services fre« of p),, to . '
Of these KMIXKNT CAN \I>I \S PHYSICIANS °J it COST^vnr""^^^, 1116 opinion
THE NEUTRALIZING SYSTEM OF TREATMENT ilIl YOU NOTHING.
as it does away with the taking of poisonous mineral renTe^ils & b °° to offering- humanity
tallte^dlw O^to^ bv^^s™, t em BeaBeaan<l Weak from early discretion and excess
*/n'^fsf ory *o^^^^ Those unable
DR. A. SOPER'S SANITARIUM,
524 Taylor Street, c or Post.
V SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
Letters have been received by the ax
ecutive committee from Governor Roger
Wolcott of Massachusetts and Governor
Asa S. Bushnell of Ohio, regretting their
Inability to attend the jubilee celebration
and extending- the congratulation of their
commonwealths to the committee.
The ladies of Seven Pines Circle No. 3,
G. A. R., have reported to the committee
that their float will we an enormous rep
resentation of the badge of the order—
a flve-pointed star, containing in the
center living figures of a sailor, a sol
dier, a widow and her two children.
From the two upper points of the star an
American flag will be stretched to th«
cross bar of the badge. On this bar are
the letters "P. C. W signifying "Fra
ternity, Charity and Loyalty."
The condition of the jubilee fund up to
date is as follows: , .„„ „
Previously made public, $14,056 SO.
Jumper Mining Company, $100: Western
Union Telegraph Company, $50; Pacific
Postal Telegraph Company, $50; Justinian
Caire. $50; California Wine Association,
$50; California Parlor No. 1, N. S. G. W..
$25: Pacific Lumber Company. $25; Prager
& Sons, $20: Murray Bros.. $20; Kohlberg.
Strauss & Frohman, $20: Caley & Roeder,
$20; Green Bros., $20: John F. Farley, $20;
D. W. Hitchcock. $10; Gotham Rubber
Company, $10; Wichman, Lutgen & Co.,
$10; smaller subscriptions, $S2 50; total.
$14,679 30. ' . _ .. .
It has been announced that trie South
ern Pacific Company has extended the
time limit of its low rate from January
24th to January 31st. to from January 24th
to February uth.
Injured by a Runaway.
Dennis Delaney, a laborer employed In
leveling De Ilaro street, was knocked
down by a runaway team yesterday af
ternoon and seriously injured internally.
The team ran away from the sanitary
reduction works on the dumps and strurk
Delaney before he could get out of the
way. He is 60 years of age and suffered
severely .from the shock to his system.
Knocked Down by a Wagon.
Mary Wiseman, a little child 8 years of
age living with her parents at 5068 Turk
street, was knocked down by a milk
wagon last evening at Larkin and Turk
streets and received a severe laceration
of the scalp. She was treated at the.
Receiving Hospital by Dr. Torney, and
was afterward removed to her home.
Death of a Pensioner.
An old man named Charles Schmidt was
found dead in bed at 8 o'clock yesterday
morning in the What Cheer House. The
deceased was a native of Germany and
77 years old. He had been a United States
pensioner for many years. An autopsy
at the Morgue disclosed the fact that
asthma was the cause of death.
possibly with co-operation. There will,
we hope, hereafter be perfect good feel
ing. This is what the Volunteers have
been hoping and working for, and we are
happy at the prospect of peace."
HENDERSON, THE BOY
MURDERER, COMMITTED.
His Father Believes Him Guilty, but Pleads
That His Mind Has Been Deranged
by Typhoid Fever.
PHILADELPHIA, Jan. 17. — Samuel
Henderson, the 15-year-old boy v/ho is
charged with the murder of 5-year-old
Percy Lockyar, was committed to prison
to-day by Magistrate Johnson to await
the action of the Coroner. There seema
little doubt now that Henderson brutally
hacked the boy to pieces, and, before Ufa
was extinct, threw him in Reddles Creek
and weighted the child down with heavy
stones. To-day's hearing was not with
out its sad scenes. Tae boy, armarently
unconscious of the extent of his crime,
stared stolidly at the magistrate, while
his father knelt by his side and wept over
and caressed his boy. Mr. Henderson be
lieves his boy guilty, but asserts that ha
is not in his right mind. Samuel had an
attack of typhoid fever some years ago
and his father maintains that ha haa
acted strangely ever since.
CAPTAIN MERRY WELCOMED
AT COSTA RICA'S CAPITAL.
The New Minister From the United States
Officially Received by President Ig
fesias at San Jose.
PANAMA, Jan. 17.— The Herald's corre
spondent in San Jose, Costa Rica, in
forms me that President Igleslas haa of
ficially received United States Minister
Merry. Marked evidences of respect and
esteem were extended to Captain Merry,
and the new Minister expressed gratifica
tion over the manner in which he had
been received by the Government and the
people of Costa Rica.
Baldwin to Go in the Spr/nff.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— A Chicago «pe
clal to the Herald says: "Lucky" Bald
win will go to the Klondike country In
the spring in search for the mother lode,
from which all the placer gold which has
thus far been foun comes.
"There is no doubt in my mind," he
said, "that this lode is of great extent
and reaches probably up to the north
pole and beyond."CLINTON SAID
BRUT WAS
A LIAR
!
Angry Scene at a
Meeting of the Su
pervisors.
Hurled Vile Epithets and
Shook Fists at Each
Other.
Discord Over the Proposed Mis
sion Park Becomes Per
sonal.
DELANY HINTS AT FAKERS
The Construction of a New City and
County Hospital Will Ba
Rushed.
"You He, you scoundrel, you lip,"
hissed Supervisor CHnton at Super
visor Britt as he shook his finger under
the nose of the representative from the
Ninth Ward at the meeting of the
Board of Supervisors yesterday.
Britt struggled in the embrace of
Supervisor Smith, blind with rage and
swiping the air with his fists in an en
deavor to get at the man who de
nounced his veracity and turned the
meeting room of the fathers of the
municipal government into a prize
ring. Smith held fast to the angry
Supervisor and averted bloodshed.
Both men were forced into their chairs
and for the rest of the meeting the two
men sat glaring at each other.
The dispute arose over a resolution
that had been introduced providing for i
a. survey of the tract it is contem- i
plated to purchase for the proposed J
Mission Park and Zoo. Supervisor
Clinton, when the resolution was pre- '
sented, took occasion to resent some j
allusions that had been made concern
ing him in a daily paper, and in main
taining his position he said he believed |
that the project to purchase the tract ,
of land for the Mission Park was a job. :
"I walked over the land offered," he
said, "and in my opinion I do not
think it is worth over $150,000, and 1
repeat it is a job when it is tried to be
foisted on the city for $360,000. Our in
digent sick are suffering for the want
of covering at the shack known as the
City and County Hospital, and why
should we establish a zoo and take
care of a lot of monkeys when our own
kind are suffering? I have been ap
proached by persons at the instigation
of members of this board with induce
ments to favor the purchase of the
land offered for the park, and because j
I have refused to sell myself I have
been referred to by some of them in a
very ungentlemanly way. My record j
has, been attacked. I -will place my
record alongside that of theirs, and I
can assure you that mine will not suf
fer by It. I could mention a name in
r this matter and the person would hang
his head In shame."
"Nothing he can say will make me
hang my head in shame," shouted
Supervisor Delany, as he Jumped to
his feet and shook his fist at Clinton
from across the room.
"Do not indulge in personalities,"
cautioned the Mayor as he rapped for
order.
"He can't do nothing else," blurted
Supervisor Britt as he Joined in the
melee. "He's a gallery player, he is."
The newspaper article Supervisor
Clinton referred to charged him with
having run away from a meeting of a
number of residents of the Mission dis
trict who were to take him to task for
opposing the purchase of the tract for
the proposed park. Clinton said he did
not know what the object of the meet
ing was, and he left it shortly after it
had been called in order to attend to
some other business.
"When order had settled over the
meeting Britt got the floor, and he com
menced an attack on Clinton. "When
the gentleman says he does not know
what that meeting was called for," he
said, "he is talking to the gallery. I
saw the gentleman a few minutes be
fore the meeting was called, and I have
an opinion, and I have a right to ex
press it, and I say it is true. That
gentleman knew what that meeting
was called for." ?: > v
"Mr. Mayor, he knows he lies when
he says it," roared Supervisor Clinton,
as he Jumped to his feet and pointed
his finger at Britt.
"I am not afraid of you!" yelled
Britt, as he made a rush at Clinton.
- Supervisor Smith caught Britt and
held him back.
"You knew what that meeting was
for," shouted Britt, as he waved his
fists in the air and struggled .to get
loose from Smith's embrace.
"You lie, you scoundrel, you lie," re
-irted Clinton, shaking his linger under
\Britt's nose.
The sergeant-at-arms came to the as
sistance of Supervisor Smith, and they
succeeded in pulling both men to their
eeats before blood was spilled.
Order was again restored, and the
resolution providing for a survey of the
property was adopted.
The committee on health and police
presented a report recommending the
granting of permits to the Empire Ath
letic Club to give two exhibitions of
physical culture next month. Super
visor Clinton asked if there had been
any other applications for like permits
from any other persons, and if so, why
had they been refused.
Supervisor Delany, the chairman of
the committee, who was still smarting
under the remarks of Clinton, jumped
to his feet to answer the question.
"There were other applicants," he said,
"for such permits, but they were re
fused because they were fakes like
some gentlemen who sit in this board."
On motion it was decided to grant
only one permit to the club.
A resolution was adopted instructing
the City and County Attorney to agree
to a judgment for $5000 in favor of A.
V. Smith for damages to his property
on East street, near Jackson.
A resolution providing for the con-
struction ■of a new City and County
.• Hospital . was referred to a Joint com
• : .-;'mittee" .of the .Finance ana Hospital
. '.■fc.bmmitte'es:" A number of residents of
•" . ...the Mission district were at the meet
.■•. •inp to .advocate the cause of the new
' building: L. J. DjVyer was the spokes
man. d? them, and he -paid they did not
want to select a c site for the building,
only to urge that a suitable structure
| be erected as soon .as possible and prop
erly equipped, r Supervisor Rottanzi
i>: **.sl'ed. that -the matter be expedited as
. \iiuch.-as possible, so that when th« ap
• propriation i.s ready In July next all the
ngcesoary plans will be ready and the
work, of Its construction can be rushed
t as 'rapidly as possible.
?. .v 'By resolution the Fourth-street
bridge will be closed on Saturday be
tween 9 a, m. and noon on account of
the great crowds that will cross over
to the Potrero to witness the launching
of the Japanese cruiser Cnetose.
Supervisor Delaney presented a reso
lution r^iuiiing the Market Street
Railway Company ,to allow, working
models of fenders of apparent merit to
be fixed to their cars for the purpose
of testing them, iJnd also that as soon
,as any of the models are fixed to cars
of the company a time shall be set for
trials of them before the Board of Su
pervisors. ■'■;•:::
Supervisor Clinton introduced a reso
lution to compel the street car com
panies to put gates on their cars so as
to prevent ingress or egress of passen
gers to or from the cars on the Bide
nearest the center line of tho street.
The object is to protect passengers
while getting on or off from passing
cars.
A i ommunication was received from
the Board of Health statins that bed
ding was urgently needed at the city
and Comity Hospital for the patients
there. The !• tter said lr.o pairs of
blankets and 260 quilts were required,
it was de< Ided to supply then, and a
demand wras made on the emergency
fund for that purpose.
J. A. Spinetti, Prosecuting Attorney
of Police Court No. 1, was authorized
and directed to appeal from the ju.iir
ment recently rendered by His Honor
Judge Campbell whereby he declared to
be unconstitutional Order No. 34, pro
hibiting all persons, firms or corpora
tions giving or offering any gift to per
sons dealing with or purchasing any
goods, wares or merchandise from
them.
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Summary of the Week's Work
of the Board.
The following is a complete record of
the street improvements which passed
the Board of Supervisors at yesterday's
session:
AWARD OF CONTRACT.
Preclta avenue, Alabama to Army ctreet —
Grading, etc, to Fred Leffler.
RESOLUTION ORDERING STREET WORK.
Oak. Stanyan to point 61Vi feet west of
westerly line of Baker— Outterways and paving
of northerly half: gratings, etc., at various
points.
Stockton, Geary to Post— Paving.
Stockton and Post— Same.
Third, Mission to Howard— Repairing of road
way foundation.
Post, Grant avenue to Stockton—
Post. Montgomery to Kearny— Same.
Twenty-third, Bryant to Potrero avenue—
Curbs and paving.
Twenty-second, Potrero avenue to Hampshire
—Same
Twenty-third. Folsom to Harrison — Same.
Ashbury and Seventeenth— Grading, curbs, etc.
Twenty-third, Harrison to Bryant — Curbs and
paving.
Market, Sanchez to Valencia — Same.
RECOMMENDED PASSED TO RESOLUTION
ORDERING.
gutter, Kearny to Grant — Paving.
Grant avenue and Post street— Same.
Stockton. Post to Suiter— Same. . ■>:■'-
Waller street, Central to Masonic avenue — |
Same.
RESOLUTION OF INTENTION.
Berry. Seventh to Eighth— Curbs and paving.
Vermont, Alameda to Sixteenth — Grading and
paving.
DeHaro, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—
curbs and paving.
Rhode Island. Alameda to Fifteenth—Grad
ing and paving.
Rhode Island and Fifteenth— Curbs and pav
ing.
Rhoda Island, Fifteenth to Sixteenth—Grad
ing, curbs and paving.
Kansas, Divsion to Sixteenth— and
paving.
Sixteenth, Kansas to DcHaro — Same. etc.
Natoma. First to Fremont— Same.
Mission, Cortland avenue to Brook street —
Same.
Mission, Brook to Randall — Same,
Eighth, Brannan to Townsend— Same, with
brick sewer.
Mission and Brook — Paving, storm-water In
lets, etc.
Mission and Randall —
Lundy's lane, Esmeralda avenue to ter
mination — Grading, curbs, sewer, etc.
Hill. Noe to Castro— Artificial stone sidewalk
on north side.
Pine, La; ma to Buchanan — Same on both
sides.
San Jose avenue. Twenty-fifth to Twenty
sixth — Curbs and paving.
RECOMMENDED FOR FULL ACCEPTANCE.
Fell. Buchanan to Webster — Bitumen.
ORDER ESTABLISHING GRADES.
"Andover avenue, Powhattan street to Eugenia
avenue Grades changed and established at
various points to conform on true gradients
and to present official grades.
EXTENSIONS OF TIME GRANTED.
Grove and Masonic avenue; Grove, Clayton
to Cole: Grove to Clayton: Masonic ave
nue, Fulton to Grove; Clayton. Fulton to
Grove; Ashbury. Fulton to Grove; Grove, Ma
sonic avenue to Ashbury; Masonic avenue.
Grove to Hayes:' Aaabory, Grove to Hayes:
Clayton, Grove to Hayes; Grove and Aahbury:
Grove, Ashbury to Clayton— To property own
ers, ninety days on grading, etc., for each
of foregoing.
California, Maple to Cherry; California.
Cherry to .First avenue — Union Paving
; Company, sixty days on paving, etc.
Laguna, O'Farrtll to — Same for prop
erty owners.
Page and Lyon, Leavenworth and Green
wich, and Green and Taylor — To Fllnn &
Treacy, thirty days on paving, etc.
Valparaiso and Roach — To property owners,
thirty days on sewering.
Bay, Van Ness avenue to Laguna — To War
ren & Malley. sixty days on sewering, etc.
Polk, Greenwich to Lombard — To tame,
■ ninety days on grading.
EXTENSION OF TIME RECOMMENDED.
Baker, Tonquin to Lewie— To Warren & Mal
ley: ninety days on macadamizing, etc.
PETITIONS REFERRED TO STREET
COMMITTEE.
Elsie street. Holly Park to Cortland avenue
— Property owners for reduction of width of
sidewalks.
ESUery. Bryant to Federal- Pacific Paving
Company, stating ; I street \\-"rk ami
willlnpnesh to cancel contract i! j>ald for work
already d<>n<-. Alt-o petition if property own
ers for grading before paving and curhlnp.
Sever.U-enth and CoUing'WOOd — A. Snephard,
to have cesspools :ini'. eortM moved
Tenth avenue. H t-. I Ftritt -Property owners
to have property owners of west side remove
Band and bulkhead their lots.
Seventeenth. 10fi feet west of Sanchez— S. P.
Quick to lay S-foot artificial Mone sidewalk
on north side.
Seventeenth. 80 feet west of Sanchez— M. A.
P. Quick to lay same on north side.
Ohenery, Thirtieth to Randall Property
owner* to pave by private contract.
Lombard, I>arkin to Hyde Property owners
for laying of sidewalks on north side.
Folsom street. Crescent to Esmeralda ave
nue—Portland Avenue Improvement Club for
reduction of width of sidewalks to five fe<?t;
also for reduction to seven feet of sidewalks
on Wool street. Andover avenue, etc.
Golden Gats avenue, Lyon rtreet to Central
avenue Property owners to pave by private
contract.
PROTESTS REFERRED TO STREET
COMMITTEE.
Twenty-fourth avenue, A to C street — Prop
erty owners against regradlng, etc.
Twenty-third and Harrison— Same against
paving, etc.
Shrader, Haight to Waller— Same.
Thirteenth and Bernice^-Mrs. A. P. Payson
against laying artificial stone sidewalk on
northwest corner.
REPORT OF STREET COMMITTEE ON
MATTERS SUBMITTED AT PRE
VIOUS SESSION.
Twenty-third street and Titany avenue— All
bids for construction of cornets rejected.
Market, Sanchez to Valencia— Paving, etc.,
recommended.
Belvedere, Wallejr to Frederick— Grading,
etc., erred to City Engineer.
Commercial, Drumm to Davis— Same.
Flood avenue, along westerly line of House
of Correction tract to Ocean avenue—Right
of-way may be had for two years if fences,
labor, etc., be furnished .by petitioners. ; •• •' . •
Douglass, Twentieth to Twenty-first— Order
establishing grades recommended. # i .
Kansas. Channel to Alameda— Contractors
clmnr
Alamo square— Louis Ferrier granted thirty
days' extension of time on copings: also thirty
days granted Williams, Belser & Co. on grad-
Ing ; •
Twenty-sixth. Valencia to Guerrero—l>rop
erty owners may j>av<» by private contract.
Twenty-third. Khode Island to DeHaro—
Ai-.iin.--l sewering. . _,
iili..«ie Island. Twenty-second to Twenty-
Acaii.st grading. A...
DeH&ro. Twenty-second to Twenty-third—
AKalnfit MweriOf.
(foe Thirteenth to Fourteenth— Property
owners may pave by private contract.
rthode Island. Twenty-sixth to point 4f>o Wt
southerly— H. A. \\ hitley may grade for cr.u-
Paimet, Randall to Fairmount— Sewering fa-
Other communications reported on adversely
or Oled. »
Silk, and Cotton Duties.
The United States General Appraisers
have decided that where silk and cotton
goods, properly Classified under para
graph 387 of the tariff act of 1897, are ap
praised at a value exceeding that de
clared in the entry, they are subject to
the additional duty imposed by section 32
of said act. although actually assessed
only 'With duties purely specific.
_■ ♦ ■
Promissory notes are In reality
nothing more than paper-waits.
fnE SAN FEAXCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
JUDGE LOW IS
ON HIS METTLE.
He Is After the Scalp of
Policeman Luke
Livingston.
Charges Him With Conduct
Unbecoming an Officer and
Is Relentless.
| Trouble Arose Over a Cnns In Which
Livingston Was the Arrest
ing Officer.
Judge Low yesterday derided to pre
fer charges before the Police Commis
sioners against Policeman Luke Liv
ingston arising out of the dismissal erf.
a case In which Livingston was the ar
resting officer.
The case was that of P. Faro, who
was charged with assault to murder.
The complaining witness was Joseph
Marino, and Faro was accused of stab
bing him during a tight in a saloon.
When the case was heard on Decem
ber 24 Prosecuting Attorney Reynolds
was not present in court, and Attorney
Long, who represented the defendant,
performed the double role of prosecut
ing attorney and attorney for defend
ant.
I-lvinfrston protested against the case
going on without the prosecuting at
torney being present, and he and Long
had an altercation "n the subject.
The evidence showed, acogrding to
Judge Low, that Marino was the ag
gressor, and that Faro in stabbing him
merely acted in self-defense. He ac
cordingly dismissed the case. Living
ston at once laid the matter before
Chief Lees, and the chief instructed
him to take it before the Grand Jury.
The Grand 'Jury threw out the case.
The Judge secured a copy \<f the evi
dence given by Livingston before the
Grand Jury, and alleges that he made
many misstatements. besides intimat
ing that the case had been squared.
'"I do not propose." said Judge Low
yesterday, "to allow any policeman to
come into my court and because a case
is dismissed' to make false statements
about me to his superior officer or any
body else, and I propose to make an ex
ample <>f Livingston. He has acted all
through in a manner that was totally
uncalled for. The case was decided on
Its merits. The complaining witness
had been up on several occasions f<>r
using a knife, and is considered a dan
gerous man.** _^_
MINISTERS' MEETINGS.
Interesting Papers Read Before
trje Clergymen of Different
Denominations.
Rpv. Mr. Morgan announced at the
meeting of the Christian Ministerial As
• rday thnt his? temperance
B ajooi I! Kun<i;> : nit,'ht
Market street, and alone with tho
i now he propose! to have a Punch
during the daytime.
A very Inl treating pspar was rend dur
ing the session bj Rev. C M. Hill en
titled. "The Distinctive Principles of the
-ts."
The <"<>n£rrotrationnl ministers were en
tertalned by a paper read by Mr.
Halla k of Mill? Seminary entitled
"Mechanism In church." Be said in
.ul or a church filled with the
•■ ol >;"'l may u>- rable
•• !> f..r a time; but wh«»n
feela little need "f mechanlatn.
The power of God la present to
without mechanics. Bat when the Mral
or the church consciously loses that
power Ita first impulse la to build a ma
chine. Mechanism Is cheaper than sac
rifice. But that is th<> very moment
w!.. n mechanism is the most perilous. If
1 cannot pray effectually shall 1 buy ;i
prayer-book? Is that remedy for my
la.-k of power? When religious life is
keen and strong it is no more oonsdoua
of mechanism than I lira of do<>rs and
furniture while Bharing the hospitality
(rf your home."
The Congregational ministers decided
t<> adjourn until after Jubilee week.
The Presbyterians were addressed by
George A. Hilton, who spoke on
"The Influence of the Holy Spirit.**
As an introduction, he ?a!<l he. did not
mean to score the ministers or criticise
them severely. He only wished to say
that they should preach what their heart
tells them to, and not mind what the
inioners think.
Rev. H. N. Heard addressed the Metho
dist clergymen ."-nil chose for his suh-
Ject, "Orphans and Orphanages.*'
1 >r. Sunderland addressed the Baptist
ministers on the foreign missions and
I their aid in helping these missions.
After he read his paper there was a gen
eral discussion.
Bishop Newman of the Methodist
church Is in L.ns Anpeles, and from there
he Intends going East to attend and pre
side at several confen
ANOTHER DELAY.
Figel's Case Gets a WeeK of Con-
tinuance on Account of Gen
eral Barnes' Illness.
The case of Theodore Flgel came up
for trial before Judße Cook yesterday,
but because of the Illness of General
Barnes of counsel for the defense It was
laid over for a week.
The continuance was ■ granted on mr»
tion of the defense, seconded by the
prosecution. Judge Cook showed an evi
dent dislike to granting any delay,, but
all the lawyers on both sides of the case
Joined in a plea for time and finally the
case was put over until next Tuesday.
It is promised that the trial will surely
proceed at that time.
MEET AND ELECT OFFICERS.
Sanctuary Society af the French
Church Is Organized.
The initial meeting of members of the
recently organized Sanctuary Society of
the French church was held on Sunday
morning- The Rev. 1,. Dubois, the foun
der of the society, read and explained tin
t.y-iaws ;ind ruics of the new organiza
tion and appointed temporary offloert
until the fraternal rdattona of th<- boya
are more closely cemented, when ■
eral election of permanent officers will
be held. Th.- officers appointed were as
follows: President, Camille Lala
nts. rhilip Daineaa and T.
Brooks; marshal, H;irr\- Leveau; censor
Andrew Caraous; secretary, <;. Baratty:
vestry prefects, LavsJle Baratty and
•: Baratty. Every Sunday morn
in}? at 19:30 o'clock a meeting of the
society will be held. Tho:-.- trishing to
become members will send th<-ir applica
tions to tli< secretary at these meetings
and their names will be brought before
the society for approval.
New Mining Companies.
Articles <>f Incorporation for the Wentz
Mining vl'.mX Improv«-ment were
filed yesterday. Tin- directors are: K. J.
EOsy, £. Vabel, F. Ad.ims, H. A. Bark. -
Mn, Joseph Sheerer, Kliza I;. Adams and
F. Sheerer. The Continental Gold and
.Silver Recovery Company incorpor.it. t\
with a capital stock of 11,000,000 "•
(ihv. The dircctora are: Losar Nlcolovlta
TtoUßlas B. Wood WOtth. William A. Shep
ard. La'ill c. \\*nodworth and Lafayette
M. MrKcnney.
Diaries, memorandums, calendars, daily
journals and blank books at Sanborn &
Vail 1 a. •
MATCHED TO FIGHT.
Here Is a Mill That Promises Well
for the Sports.
Game Harry Spanjer Will Meet "Spider" Kelly
Before the Sacramento Athletic Club.
"Spider" Kelly, the author of the work entitled "Act Like a Gentleman,"
has been matched to fight Jik- Spanjer of Sacramento, before the Sacramento
Athletic Club. Kelly Is well known to the patrons of fistic sport In this city.
He is an honest fighter and always "puta up" a good mill, fighting every Inch
of ground from start to finish. His best fighting weight is 136 pounds.
Spanjer is also a game fighter, with a host of friends in Sacramento, who
are Rlways ready to play him against any man of his weight and inches in the
country.
The contest will be held either in the latter part of this month or In the
early part of February, and it can be said with all degree of safety that the
sports who will witness the mill will get a good run for their money.
AS SEEN BY
HUGH CRAIG
A Year's Progress Discussed by
the Well- Known Busi
ness Man.
The President's Forthcoming Report
to the Chamber of Com
merce.
The report nf Hujrh Ornip.the re-elected
president of the Chamber of Commerce,
has het-n prepared in advance, and will
he delivered to the members of that body
at tht.- annual meeting which is to be
held this afternofin. The document w;is
written l>y the president just prior to his
departure to Mexico, and in his al si I •
will be presented by the secretary. Mr.
('ralgr. in Introducing his report, congrat
ulates the chamber in having su
fully closed its forty-elphtu year, and re
alised the hop*- of the opening for ln
creased prices in agricultural staples. In
addition he says:
We have been blessed with not only abund
ance for home consumption, at reasonable
prices, but we have a luruo surplus for export
of grain, live stock, wool. wine, fish and
oil. • • • The sun of hope Is shining for the
husbandman. To him the year has been one
of exceptional prosperity, resulting in the
liquidation of mortgages and arrears of in
terest, estimated to be not less than 10 per
cent of the gross farm mortgage liability of
the Stats. Instead of being weary, despondent
and sick at hi lit the producer has taken a
new lease of life, encouraged to work with a
will In achieving fortune by direct alliance
with mother earth.
Our bank returns affirm the Jubilate. show-
Ing Increase of 10 per cent In clearings over
those of ISS6. Our bee* growers and manu
facturers of sugar have enjoyed exceptional
development and our mldocean colony Is har
vesting a phenomenal crop or sugar, gladden
ing the heart of the seaman, the shipowner,
the lumberman and the commission ngent.
He stated that the fisheries have yield
ed abundantly, and domestic Interstate
and foreign commerce have responded
to th«" general Impulse of prosperity.
The trustees have endeavored to forward
the Interests of the city and State, and
the stand of the chamber has always
been for Internationa] arbitration of all
vexatious questions. Upon >.ie subject of
excessive pilotage Mr. Craig speaks thus:
Your officers were active at Sacramento In
the Interests of reduced pilotage, without suc
cess, however. Vented Interests were too
strong for — a sad commentary on the State
Legislature to admit; that twenty pilots ana
their henchmen at Sacramento have for forty
years blocked reform, defied the shipping In
terests of San Francisco and public opinion.
We hope ' for better success a year hence.
The position of the chamber is well
known to have been for sound money,
and this fact is forcibly brought to the
attention of the members. In his report
the president makes special reference to
the Nicaragua canal, and the progress
made on that great undertaking, and
particular stress is laid on the compliment
paid to the chambers former secretary.
Captain Merry, who was appointed as
Minister to the Central American States.
Attention Is called to the petition of the
chamber to the Treasury Department to
have the growing commerce of the coast
better protected by the establishment of
an efficient patrol along the Alaskan
shores. The position of the body is
also reiterated in the matter of annexa
tion of the Hawaiian Islands, and a few
pleasant words are spoken on the brighter
prospects of the mining Industry in thia
State.
A passing word of congratulation for
the.suocess of the belt railroad on the
water front and the enterprise of the lo
cal merchants in reaching out for the
Klondike trade are made, and. after
mentioning the decease of seven mem
bers of the chamber, Mr. Craig prophe
sies a successful year for UK.
The reports of the secretary, treasurer
and librarian will also be presented. Af
ter the regular business of the annual
meeting is over the new officers, elected
last week, will meet and organize.
. ♦ .
A Presentation.
At the meeting: of Court Eclipse of the
Foresters of America, the retiring past
chief ranger, A. J. Enermack. was on
behalf of the court presented with a fine
gold badge and a framed certificate in
recognition of the faithful manner in
which he performed Ids dutiess while in
office.
DOGS TRAINING
FOR THE TRIALS
Setters and Pointers That Are
Now Quartered Near
Bakersfield.
Bennett's Lock Will Mot Be an Oppo
nent of Sullivan's Dash
Anlonio.
Weather permitting, the sportsmen
who will attend the field trials at
Bakerfield next week should witness
some excellent contests between dogs of
high degree.
It is said that one of the judges-
William Dormer of this city— cannot at
tend the meeting, as business of import
ance will detain him elsewhere.
The two remaining Judges are A. Van
dorfort of Pasadena and A. Merriman of
the East. In all probability Judge Post
of Sacramento will be selected to fill
Dormer's nhtce.
Arthur Bennett stated a few days ago
that his champion English setter Lock
will not be a contestant in the Bakers
field trials. The dog only recently ar
rived here from the Bast and Is not in
condition for trials that give promise of
being very warmly contested.
The following letter is from The Call's
co: respondent at BakersfieM:
The eighth annual field trials of the Pacific
Coast Field Trials Club will begin here on
Monday. January 24. It Is more than likely
that the trials will be held over the same
ground as last - year, it being optional with
the Kern County Gun Club, who has control
of all suitable grounds In the county.
The owners and handlers in r.ak'-rsfleld at
the present time are: R. M. Dodge of Verona,
Mr. Quist of Portland. Mr. Coutes of Kern
wood. Mr. Stone of Fresno. George Allender of
Alamoila. Mr Walters of Lob Angeles, J. E.
Lucas of San Rafael.
The following list of dogs are here:
Derby— Pointers: W. E. Chute's Pattl Crox
teth C, A B. Truman's Croxteth T, L.. D.
Owens' Glenbeigh 111, W. S. Tevis' Cuba of
Kernwood, Alexander Lough borough's Peg Leg
Ames. W. .1. Golcher's Enclnal. J. E. Lucas 1
Alex C, A. F. Collins' Lady C, C. C. Herbert's
Robert J. M D. Garrett i T,«andro.
English setters— Frank Mankeys Lady Rod
ch.'ff. T. J. Evans" Rodsbud. H. P. Payne's
Irene Noble, G. M. Cooks' Queen Sal, and a
few others.
The pointer dog Pedro (Glenbelgh-Saddle
Bags), belonging to A. F. Colvin. and one of
his Derby entries, was lost the other day from
a dose of poison.
All ages— Pointers: Champion Glenbeigh,
winner of the great all-age stake In ISM;
Wlcklow. who beat Vallente in IS9S. winning
second place. Possibly a couple of pointers
entered for. the Derby will go in the all-age
stake.
English setters— Lock. Dash Antonio, Luke,
Sadie Hopkins, Hock, Nimrod. Peach Mark.
Vallente. Don Elecla, Iroquois Chief. Gleam's
Ruth, Countess K. Blrdo. Doc H.
Drawing for the Derby will take place on
the evening of the 23.1. YOUNG.
FOR THE NEW CHARTER
Organized Labor Will MaKe Its
Wants K noWn Next Sunday.
Organized labor in this city is deter
mined to have its say in the new charter
If it can possibly get It. and if it cannot
have the paragraphs .introduced which it
wants, a determined effort will be made
by the forces to defeat this charter even
as others have been defeated, or more
emphatically if possible.
The matter was brought up when the
charter was first talked of and a success
ful eff jrt was made to have represt nta
tion on the committee of one hundred,
but b<"yond having the name; on the roll
nothing was accomplished, as almost
every move made by labor's representa
tives was voted down. On the day of tho
Destructive Storms Alonft the Coast.
Reports of maritime disasters along the
coast come In thick and fast. People who
"go down to the sea in phips" should bear In
mind one thing in particular, namely, that It
ts highly desirable to take along a supply of
Hostetter's Stomach Bitters as a remedy for
sea sickness. Nausea, dyspepsia, biliousness.
con*tipat: >n. malaria, nervousness an<l kid
ney trouble, all succumb to Its beneficent and
speedy avllon.
NEW TO-DAY.
%PfL W^JS WHERE GAME IS PLENTIFUL?
I^^^^^ Winchester Repeating Rifle
wT-sh")^ \^&> id 1 rr ° v n 't "want for food or protection if you do.
M^T^'^V vl&l^. 3l! en<^ name anc^ addressjon a postal card for 148-
v^| 1 Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
!cV\3i, Jaray 418 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
F^iA dilft iltk i^k. >^. >fk >^ yK A >^v A j\. j&.
infill ( Gail Borden t
i piffi Eagle Brand t
2of { condensed Milk. I
m Our Illustrated Pamphlet entitled mßabiesm Babies m shouli> m
J Be in Every Household. Sent on application.,
™ Hew York Condensed Milk Co. new York.
special election the great majority of the
workingmen were busily engaged at their
respective employments and had no op
portunity to vote, so it has been decided
that each union in the city will elect
three representatives to be present at a
convention which will be held on Sunday
afternoon next at Sin 1 " Market street.
There labor's needs will be fully discuss
ed and a paper prepared requestii>g the
new board of freeholders to introduce
certain clauses in the new charter which
will moot the approval of organized labor
generally throughout the city. Prominent
among these will be the initiative and
referendum and an eight-hour workday
for city and county employes or men
working on municipal jobs. It is prob
able also that a move will be made to
ward having the contract system abol
ished.
, The Marble Cutters and Polishers met
last night and appointed as their repre
sentatives J. E. MeDougnld. J. T. lie-
Cann and H. J. Skehan. Carpenters and
Joiners No. 483 appointed J. T. McCart
ney. W. H. Goff and G. L,athrop. Suoh
unions as have not already done so will
appoint delegates during the coming
I week.
Minerva Circle's Officers.
Minerva Circle, Companions of the For
est, had its officers publicly installed last
evening by District Deputy Mrs. Good
win. The following are the officers for
the current term: Mrs. Anna Page, C.
C: Mrs. AVood, S. C. C: Mrs. Bell, F. S.;
Mrs. Doyle. T. ; Mrs. Alice Low«, R. S. ;
Mrs. S. Massic. It. <}.; Mrs. Maggie Glan
ey, L. G. ; Mrs. Butler, I. G. ; Mrs. JIo-
K.-'.y. O. G.; Mnios. Massie, Doyle and
Kilcoyne, trustees. After installation
there was a programme which included
piano selections by Mrs. M. Garbareno,
recitations by little Misses Hazel Lowe
and Frances Buckl.-ind, Mrs. A. J. Budd;
vocal solos by Miss Mitchell and Mr.
Watson, and other numbers. A dance fol
lowed.
It is estimated that 1,000,000 acres of
forest land are used up every year in
Europe to supply the railways with
sleepers.
NEW TO-DAY. ,
SCEDiNLY to! rack ia- '{sgJSt^ TlSSjir
oerres. tire the tob»ccj /P? W,-,-^ *&**t?3Jr
you require . and tain JBffiSSv*^!/'5fV
ti»co-Caro. It in the Orlg- ffi*;FMg&2-jr_
ma.l Oair»nt«e Remedy t^^E*"^S'^«'
maa<y refunded if it /^sveffi^r
-»lli to cart). UACO- M%tfHiM?r Write »W proofi '
JCEO cotifiei you £&&j£!& r of c »ret 800
when to «top by re- iß&3mfr or »1 boxes. 3 |
no»icg the dailr*. Ji^gSßr bozei (gnaran-
It leaves th» sys- Jm^^T teed cure) $2.50. i
in free Irox BfS^r *
# Eureka Chemical and Manufac- [
turing Co.. I. a Cro.<se. NVis.
Redintrton & Co.. jrenera! distributors. |
BArLROAD TRAVEL.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tiburon Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEIj.
WEEK DATS— 7:3O, 9:00. 11:00 a. m. 11:33.
$:30, 6:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:50
and 11:80 p. in.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m. ; 1:30. I:3*
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAW FRANCISCO.
WEEK DATS— 6:IO. 7:60. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. :
. 12:45. 3:40. 6:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:65 p. m. and 6:33 p. m.
BUNDATS— 9:40. 11:10 a. m.: 1:40. 3:40.
6:00. 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetxen Park
same »chedule as above. •
Leave * " | T _ -rrvx; Arrive
San Francisco. oct 21, San Francisco -
Week 1 Sun- Dps uMtion Sun " 1 - Wee&
Days. I days. "— UB » <Ma flay. | days.
7130a.m. |S:(K)a.m. Novato. 10:40 a.m. ' 8:40 a.m. j
3:3 up.m. 9:30 a.m. Potaluma. e:lop.m. 10:2ja.m. |
s:lop.iu.|s:UUp.m. Santa Roaa. ,' 7:35 p.m. ti::2p.m.
Kn'ion.
7:30 a.m. I Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
. Healdsburg,
JUytton.
Geyservllle. ;
»:30p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdule. 7:35 p.m. ( 6:22r>.m
i j lHoplaud and
7 :50a.m. 1 8 tn. l Uklah. I 7:35p.rr.. f5:22p.m.
■ ; :30a.m. j 10:2ia.nr
' 8 :00 a.m. Guernevllle. i 7 :35 p.m. j
3:30 p.m. . \_ 1 6:22p.m
7:SUa.m. B:uua.m. Sonoma lU:4oa.m. 8:40 a.m.
ana
' S:lop.m. 5:00 p.m. Glen Klien. 6:10 p.m. 6:22 p.m.
7:3ba.m.jB:oila.m.l <;,. M . lPnn i |10:40a.in.]10:2Sa.m.
B:a)p.m.!j:(X)p.m.l Sebastcpol. j 7:30 p . m.i r^wp.m.
Staves connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyservllle for Ska&gs Springs; at
Clovcrdale for the Geysers; at Holland for
Highland Springs, Ke'.seyville, Soda Bay.
l<atieport and Bartlett Spring*; at Uklah for
Vl< h> til. Ings, Saratoga sp:inTS, B!u^ Lak<M.
Laurel Dell I.akf. Upper Lake. Porno. Potter
VftUey. John Day's. Riverside. T-iierleys Buck-
Valley. John Day's. Riverside, l.lerley's, Buck-
rell's, Sanhedrin Heights. Hullville. Booneville.
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoctno City. Fort
Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at r»-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronlcls
building. ...,,.
A. W. FOSTER. «■ i- R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. A<t-
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco. Commencing September
- : : .'; :. 19. 1897. • .
:: :- WEEK DATS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »7:ls. •9:30.
11:80 a. m.; '1:45. 3:45, •5:13, 6:00. C:3O p. m.
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays. Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS.
" For Mill Valley and San Rafael— »B:oo. *10:00
•11:30 a. m. •1:15." 2:00. *4:30. 6:15 p. m.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
THROUGH TRAINS. ,■- : : :
|:IS a. m. weekdays for Cazadero and way sta-
tions: 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) fol
Duncan Mills and way stations: 8 :0O a. m.
i Iniuliyi far Point Reyes and way stations.
KATT.BOAD TRAVEL.
Mil Tlli:KX PACmC COMPANY.
(PACIFIC SVSIOi.)
Trtilaa lcnve itu«l aid due to arrive AS
KAN lIIA9KIMO.
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street)
I.EAVK — From January 1. ISSB. — arriv
•0:00 a Niks, San .1. .-,.■ and Way Stations...' •Bs4s*
7:OOa TJenicia, Suisiin and Sacramento. . . . 10:43 a
7:OUa llarystil'.e, Orovilleand Redding Tia
Woodland 5»43p
7:OOa Vacavillo and Rumsey 8:45p
7:30 a Martinez, San II Vul'.ejo. Napa,
Callstoga anil Santa Kosa 6s 1 3 p
8:OOa Atlantic Express, Ogtlcn and Kast.. B:*.lp
«:HUa Miles, Sau Juan, .Stockton, lone,
Sacramento, Marysville, Chico,
Tchama ami lied UlniT 4x|f»p
•8:3Oa Peters, Milton and Oakdalc »7:13p
9iOUa New Orleans Kxprecs, Merced, Ray-
mond, l resno, liakerslleld, Bauta
Batbata, l.os AiiKfles, Deming,
Xl I'aso, New Orleans and East. 6:43f
»:O9a Vallejo, Martinez, Merced and
Fresno 18:13p
•l:OOr Sacramento I'iver Stonmerfi "H:(tOp
1 :OOr Nil-jB, ban Jose atd Way Stations. . JO: I3a
l:30p Martinez and Way Stations 7:48p
2:OOp lavermore, Mendota, Hanford and
Vis&lia 4:15p
Livermcre, San Jose, Niles and Way
Stations :10:15a
4iOOp Martini-,"., San lUmoii, Vullejn,
Napa, Oaliatoga, II Verano and
Santa Itos. Oilßa
4 >««r Benicia, Vacavillo, Woodland,
Knights Lauding, Miryevillo, Oro-
villo ami Sacruiiionto 10:43 a
4i3op Nlles, San Jose.Tracy and Stockton .. 7«13p
4:3«p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, Mojave (for Uandsburg),
Santa Barbara and I. oh Angeles.. 7«43a
4iaop Santa Fa Uante, Atluulio Impress
• •" for Mi>j:ivo and Kant • 6:43p
! *"3:30p " Sunsef. Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth. Little Kock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East JIOtISA
1"3:3«p " Sunset Liaiied Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and Eaat §!O:I5a
«:OOr ICiuopcan Mail, <%dni and l'-ast O:4-1a
6:O»r Ilayininls, KilcKunil San .lose 7:45 a
• tB:<M>i> Vailojo t7t4sp
8:»M»r Oregon Hacruinenlo. Marys-
vlllo, UeddiliK, Portland, l'uget ■ ♦
Sound mid Knst .................. S:l3a
SAN LEAM>Ui> AMI HVVWAKDS LOCAL.
I Foot of Market Street.) ,
<»6:OOaT . ( 7:15 a
8:0«ia Uelrose, Seminary Park, I ?R t A
lHot I Fitrliburg, Klmhnnt, Ji!ls^
1:00 a San Leandro, South St». 12:t!kr
j :ia:OO . M Lea.dro,EBtadlllo, {^I*l
iii:'6op J Lorenzo, Cherry ■ t4:-i.Tp
4:00p . t5:45p
S:OOp i nd ( 6:13p
BiSOp I Hayirard*. J 2?f5 p
7:»0p J . ! 8:45 v
8:OOp < -Runs through to Niles. : «£SSo
tt.?,?!r..i tirro ' BK ' ! -'- m£o« P
COAST !UVI*»|ON (Narrow fisugc).
(Foot of Market Street.)
•il-iA NeTrark.CenlevvilU-.Sitii.lnse.Feltou,
Boulder Creek, Santa Cruz and Way
Stations si»«p
•SilSp Newark, Centcrville, San Jose, New
Almadcn, Fclton, lioulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations «Id:»«A
4:in r Newark, Sin ,;o»o ami Los Gatog ... 9:20 a
I «45p Hunters' Incursion, Sau Joso and
| Way Stations ;7:20°
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
fwmSil FRANCISCO— foot of M»rket Street {Slip 8) —
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. Jl'-OO *2:30 J3:C-0
•i:3O t5:00 *6:00 p.m.
?r«mOIIUND— or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
U2:00 «l:03 t3:00 '3:00 ti'-SO •3:OQr.M.
" <JOASI Id VISION iIS road Gauge).
(TUlrd and Townge:i«l Sts.)
•i3s\ San Joso ami Way Stations (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) Bi33a
•:««a San .loso, Tres Pinos, KanU C'twi,
• Pacific drove. Tar.o Holilrs, San
I.vis Olilspn. tJumlalupe, Surf »iul
Principal Way .Stations 4:inp
lO>4Oa Has Jose anil Way .Stations «S:OOa
U :.'.O a San J»3O ami Way .Stations 8:33 a.
•2:3»i-3an Maten, Redwood, Mculo Park.
Santa Clara, .Sun .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Snuta Rria, Salinas,
Monterey ami Pacilic Ciovo *IO:4»a
•8:1 5p San .1 use anil Principal Way Stations M»:»Oa
SanJosoami Principal Way Stations 9:45*
•5:O0p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 1 :30p
Mil San Jose ami Principal Way Stations 3::i«»p
•iS«r San Jose and WaySratious 7:20p
1ll:4.-»i- San Jose an.l Way Stations ~;2Uf>
A for Morning. 1* for Afternoon.
• Sunday* oxcepted. t Sundays only, t Saturdays ouly.
t* Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
II Mondays and Thursdays.
I Wcdn»«ilayF awl Saturdays. i' '
bam^im^H CALIFORNIA
I InlnlH san FRANCISCO
|WftAUUIH| CHICAGO.
Trains leave from and arrive at iiarket-
street Ferry
San Francisco Ticket Office— « 44 Market St..
Chronicle building. Telephone Main 1520. Oak-
land Office— HlS Broadway. Sacramento Of-
fice— 2ol J st.
The Best Railway — San Francisco to Chicago.
LOOK AT THE TIKE- OF THE CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Leave San Francisco 4:30 p. m. Mondays and
Thursdays; arrive Kansas City 6.X) p. m.,
Thursdays and Sundays: arrive St. Louis 7:09
a. m. Fridays and Mondays; arrive Chicago
VMS a. m.. Fridays and Mondays. *
DINING CARS under Harvey's management.
Buffet Smoking Cars atid Pullman Palace
Bleeping Cars.
This train carries First-Class Passenger*
only, but no extra charge is made.
The ATLANTIC EXPRSSS. leavii»j dally at
4:30 p. m., carries Pullnan Palace and Pull-
man Tourist Sleeping Cirs on fast time. Di-
rect connection in Chicago and Kansas CitJ!
for all points East. . • -. v- ■
New rails, new ties, new ballast, new
bridges. The shortest crossing of the desert
I and a country That interests by its varied anil
i beautiful scenery. The highest grade of pas-
i senger equipment and meals at Harvey's fa-
! mous dining-rooms.
THE SAN FRANCISCO & SAN JOAQUIN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1837. trains will run as
. follows: _
Southbound?' j Northbound. ■
Passen- Mixed <-,_.,„„,. ! Mixed | Passen- ' .
rer Sunday blauon8 -| Sunday j per
Daily. Exc'p'td; — Exc'p'td J Dally.
7:2>)a.m. 9KX) a.m. Stockton' 3:45 p-m. < 5:40 p.m.
l':l0 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. j 3:53 p.m.
10!" a.m. 3:5Up.mJ Frt'Rno I i:3Ba.m. i 2:20 pal}. .
! 11:40 a.m. 6:20 f>.i;i.-H:infoni i li a.m. l:ljp.rn. '
12:1 a p.m. 6:45 p.m. Vl.s.iii.'i i 6:40 a.m. ■ 12:10 p.ia.
Stopping at Intermediate points when reauireil.
*~ Connections— At atocktori with steam bunts at
• C. N. & I. Co.. leaving San Francisco anil "
Stockton at 6:00 p. m. dally; at Jierced- wirji
stages to and from Snelllngs, Coulu-rvillcetc"; .
also with stage from Hornltos. Mariposa. etc:;
at Lankershlm with stage to and (rom Madera. i .
dera. ' •-'.'■'.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)' " .'
Leave San Francisco : Commencing. Nov.-
13, 1887. ■' • . '.- - •
WEEK DAYS— a. m.; 1545 p.m. ' v
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 10:00. 11:30 a.m.; 1:15 p. .m.'' ! :
Special trips can be arranged fo: by anplytni- !
to THOS. COOK & SON, 621. Market St.. San •■
. Francisco, or telephoning Tavern of, Tamalpstfc, .•" •
• • • . ' ." .■ • . •. \.
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
THE SUMMARY OF THE MARKET.
Silver lower.
■ Wheat firmer. Barley firm.
Other cereals unchanged.
Hay and Feedstuff? steady.
Good demand for Beans.
New quotations for Parafflne Candles.
Turpentine advanced.
Potatoes and Onions firm.
Butter and Cheese unchanged. Eggs weaker.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry In. Game
■weak.
Fresh and Citrus Fruits unchanged.
Dried Apples strong.
Increasing demand for Prunes.
Provisions the same.
No change in Wool, Hops or Hides.
— — — — — —
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station Indicate maximum temperature
for the day?; those underneath it. If any, the
amount of rainfall, of melted snow in inches
and hundredth* during the past twelve hours.
Isobars, or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The wind "high" means high ;
barometric pressure find Is usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure is high In the Interior and low
along the const, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain is probable;
but when the "low" i.« inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" In the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result. 9S7ME
WEATHER REPORT.
» moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
Fan Francisco. Cal.. Jan. 17. IS9S, 5 p. m.
The following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
dnt<\ as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations. 24 Hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.34 17.40 22. v*
Red Bluff 0.08 6.58 12.07
Sacramento 0.06 5.22 7.19
Pan Francisco 0.09 5.09 11.14
Fresno 0.04 2.28 4.90
Pan Luis OMspo 0.12 2.52 9.75
Los Anrcles .. 0.00 3.75 8.44
San Diego Trace 3.14 «.!>!»
Yuma 0.00 1.06 4.76
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 52;
minimum. 43; mean. 4S.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
Th» pressure has risen rapidly during the
past twenty-four hours over the northern half
Of the Pacific Slope. Over Northern Oregon
and Western Washington there has been a rise
of nearly four-tenths of an Inch.
The temperature has fallen rapidly in West
ern Nevada. Elsewhere on the Pacific Coast
it has remained nearly stationary.
Cloudy weather with light rain has prevailed
on the Pacific Coast north of Eureka.
A maximum wind velocity of thirty miles per
hour from the west Is reported at Tatoosh.
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
hour? ending midnight. Jan. IS. 189S:
Northern California— Fair Tuesday; con
tinued cold weather, with heavy frost In the
morning; light northerly winds.
Southern California — Fair Tuesday; con
tinued cold weather: .northerly wind.
Nevada Tuesday; continued cold
weather.
Utah— early Tuesday morning; fair
Tuesday.
Arizona— Fair Tuesday; continued cold
weather: with heavy frosts In the Salt River
Valley Tuesday morning.
San Francisco and vicinity— Tuesday:
continued cold weather; northwesterly winds.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais. taken
tt 5 p. m.: Clear; wind northwest. 36 miles
per hour; temperature. 3,5: maximum. 44.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17— Standard shares show
a fractional improvement on the day except
In the case of some shares on which special
influences were operating in their favor and
In these the Improvement wns more marked.
The deallnirs were widely distributed and the
tone generally healthy. Stocks sold Friday
and Saturday on the ground of possible for
eign complications were repurchased to-day,
total dealings amounting to nearly half a
million shares. London and the Continental
bourses were sustaining factors, although the
purchases for foreign account were meager as
the local market early outstripped the foreign
Initiative toward a higher level.
Sugar, in enormous transactions, made a net
gain of %, although In the earlier transactions
there was considerable weakness noted In that
security. The old subject was brought up of
what the result of Hawaiian annexation would
be. with free Importation of Hawaiian Sugar
and the probability that by midsummer
there would be competition between sugar re
fineries now l>ein>> erected. Stocks of proper
ties located !n the Pacific Northwest were gen
erally benefited by the belief that they se
cure much traffic, owing to the Klondike
boom. Oregon Hallway and Navigation Com
pany had earnings from July 1 to November
30 said to be very large. Burlington, St
Paul, Northern Pacific and Union Pacific were
strong. The non-appearance of the Nebraska
maximum freight decision was a factor in tho
day's news. lookers seemed to give some
credit to the reports of closer relation In the
management o.' all Vanderbilt railway*.
The fact that New York and Chicago are
lending money on the London and Continental
markets continues to be a favorable factor
the foreigners so far having liquidated their
debt for America's unparalleled exports only
to the extent of returning some American se
curities.
The Bond market showed a falling off In
transactions, but a considerable undertone of
strength was evident which was reflected In
substantial appreciations In many of the us
ually dormant issues. Seattle. Lake Shore and
Eastern firsts (trust receipts) jumped 7 points
to ~^i on reported competition for control of
the road, but subsequently lost one-half of the
rise. The aggregate sales were $3,628 r'-<r '-< Gov
ernment Bonds showed heaviness, the 5s and
new 4s losing slightly.
The total sales of storks to-day were 438 QQO
"hares, including: Atchlson preferred 4038
Chesapeake and Ohio 4150. Burlington IS 475 #
Louisville and Nashville 3Sif), Manhattan '37 '
650. Metropolitan Street Railway 23 m Ha
waiian 5375, Missouri Pacific 4801 New York
Central 19,720. Northern Pacific 33.255. Northern
Pacific preferred M.K3. Oregon Railway and
Navigation 3CSS, Rock Island 62!H>. St Paul
14.236, Southern preferred 3SOO, Union Pacific
23.640. Tobacco 6427. Chicago and Great West
ern . 6290. General Electric 3400. Sugar 6SII
Western Union 5636. * '
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Jan. 17.— .Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here were quiet and irregular to-day.
Home rails were the best market on dividends
and the end of the strike. Argentines rose
readily as did also Grand Trunks.
Americans were quiet and steady. Continued
pessimistic telegrams from New York concern-
Ing currency reform changed public confidence
here.. The London Daily News Washington
cablegram was gloomy. Indian sterling bills
for £1.000.000 have been sold in six months'
bills at an average of about 2Vi per cent.
A Cape loan of £1,250.000 is announced at a
minimum of par. It is quoted at 24 premium.
1 have reason to doubt the accuracy of the
details of the Chinese loan as cabled the Lon
don Times.
BOSTON STOCK MARKET.
BOSTON. Jan. 17.— Atehison. Bgl Bell Tele
nhone, 264.%; Burlington, 100; General Electric.
R.i, ; Mexican Central, 6; Oregon Short Lino,
:iv;. ■ ■
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison .. .'. 11% St P & Om .. .. 75\i
Da pref SOU ; Do pref 148
Bait & Ohio 13 St PM & M .. .. 121
Can Pacific S7*;|So Pacific 20
! Can Southern ... 631* So nail way .... 94
i Cent Pacific 11', Do pref .. .. 30%
j Ches & Ohio .. .. 224 Texas & Pacific II 1
: Chi & Alton .. ..166 Union Pacific .... 31*»
I Chi B & Q .... 100 I" PD & G .. .. 9*i
Chi & E 111 .... 554 Wabash ~\
CCC& St L .... 344 Do pref IS
Do pref go " Wheel &L E ... 3
Del & Hudson .. 112 ' Do pref 12%
Del LAW.... 151 I Express Companies-
Del & Rio G .. .. 11% j Adams Ex 158
Do pref 47 j American Ex .... 11S4
Erie (new) 15 United States .... 40
Do Ist pref .... 37% Wells Fargo .. .. 112
; Ft Wayne 169 Miscellaneous—
IGt Nor j.ref .... 132 A Cot Oil 214
1 Hocking: Val .... 7 Do pref 75
Illinois Cent .. .. 1064 Amn Spirits .. .. 74
Lake Erie.& W .. 17 Do pref 18
Do pref 72 Amn Tobacco .... 874
Lake Shore 180 Do pref 113
Louis & Nash .. 564 People Gas .. .. 964
Manhattan L 117»>, iCons C.ac ISO
Met St Ry .. .. 139** Com Cable Co 175
Mich Cent 105*4 Col F & Iron — 25
Minn & St L 25 ' Do pref 70
Do Ist pref .... 85 Gen Electric .. .. 35%
Mo Paclflo ...... 3414 Illinois Steel .. .. 47*»
Mobile & Ohio ... 29 Laclede Gas 47
Mo X & T 12% Lead 38',«
Do pref 36%, Do pref 1064
Chi Ind &L. .... »ai Nat Lin Oil IS
Do pref 31 Ore Imp Co .. .. 254
N J Central .. .. 954'Paoiflo Mail .. .. 314
N T Central .. .. 112", Pullman Pal .. .. 1754
N V Chi & St L.. 134 Silver Certificates 674
Do Ist pref .... 6.1 Stan R& T .. .. 3
Do 2d pref 36 Sugar 137
Nor "West 144 | Do pref 11l
No Amer Co .... 4VT C & Iron 2*
No Paclflo 26 US Leather .. .. 61»
Do pref 6441 Do Pref 6S*i
Ontario & W .... 16** U S Rubber .. .. 154
Ore R & Nay .... 454 Do pref 634
Ore Short Line .. 214 West Union .. .. 90**
Pittsburg 168 C& N W 122
Reading 22 ; Do pref ■. 1644
Rock Island .... 90 St L ft 6 W .... 4
St Louis &8F .. 74 Do pref SVi
Do Ist pref .... 67 R G W 22
Do "M pref 25% : Do pref 66
St Paul 951; Chi O W 15
Do pref 144*; Reading Ist pref 504
Haw Com Co ... 31 1 * 1
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4e reg .. 1284 N J '• 6s .. .. 112
Do coup 129 1 N Carolina 6s ... 125
U B 4s 112 V Do 4s 101
Do coup 114*s No Pac lsts .... 117>,i
Do Ms 100 j Do 3s 624
U S Es reg .. .. 113 V Do 4s 96**
Do 5s coup .. .. 114S X V C ft St L 4s 107 1 *
District 3 60s .. .. 116 Nor &W6s .. .. 123
Ala Class A .. .. 107 Northwest™ cons 144
Do ft 107 : Do deb 5s .. .. 1174
Do C 100 ;O; O Nay lsts 113H
Do Currency ... 100 O Nay 4s 95
Atehlson 4s .. .. 91% O S Line 6s t r .. 12".
Do adj 4s .. .. 694 O 8 Line ha tr . . 974
Can So 2ds .. .. 108% |O Imp lsts t r ... IK
Chi Term 85% Do 5s t r 524
C&O 5s 114 Pacific «s of 95 .. I'm;
C H & D 44b ofd 104% Reading 4s 84
D & R G lsts ... 10Sv;!r G & W lsts .. 834
D & R G 4s .. .. 904 S LA: I M Con r.s SW4,
I East Term Ist* .. 106*; S L & S F Gen 6s 117%
I Erie Gen 4s .. .. 71'; St P Con 140
FW. & D lsts t r 72 St PC & P lsts. 1104'
j Gen Elec 6s .. .. 1004 Do 5s 116
Grt&BA 6s .. 105 * S Caro non-fund. \k
Do ids 100 iSo Ry If 924
H & T C Bi IMS S R & T 6s .... 60
Do con 6a 106 Term new set 3s IT
I Iwa C lsts 100 Tex Pan L G lsts 100
I Kan P Con t r. 944 *>o re* 2d« .. .. 804
X P lets DD t r 112 Union Pac lsts .. 103 ii
La new cons 45.. 102U U P D & G lsts.. 54*;
L& N Dal 4s ... 86 Wab lsts 5s 10SV;
Missouri 6s 100 Do 2ds 52%
M X & T 2ds ... 64 W Shore 4s .. .. 109%
Do 4s *7% Va Centuries 69»;
N V Cent lsts .. 116^; Do deferred .... 34
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 1 Ontario . 550
Crown Point 20 Ophlr 50
: Con Cal 4 Va .. 100 Plymouth 08
Dead wood 90 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry ■■ 38 Do pref 900
Hale & Norcross. 1 10 Sierra Nevada ... 63
Homestake 37 00 Standard 135
Iron Silver SS Union Con 30
Mexican 20 Yellow Jacket ... 25
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
XEW YORK. Jan. IT.— Receipts.
21.249 barrels; exports. 14,941 barrels. Inactive,
but steadier.
WHEAT— 105.450 bushels: exports.
166.4*1 bushels. Spot, firm; No. 2 red. $1 OH-;.
Options opened firm on higher cables, advanced
all day on a big visible supply decrease, mod
erate export trade and light offerings and
i closed V^Hc net higher.. No. 8 red. January.
9 r '"ic(gJl OOH. closed $1 00%: May. 52%ii?92%c.
closed 92% c.
HOPS—
WOOL— Quiet.
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— The week opens with the Metal
market In a featureless form. The closing of
the day was as follows:
PlGlßON— Warrants dull at ?6 60 bid and
LAKE COPPER— Quiet at $10 85 bid and
$10 95 asked.
TlN— Barely steady at $13 80 bid and $13 85
aFked.
SPELTER— Quiet at $3 90 bid and $4 asked.
LEAD — Opened weak and closed firm at $3 65
bid and $3 70 asked. The firm that fixes the
settling prices for miners and smelters quotes
Lead at S3 55.
COFFEE— Options closed barely steady, with
prices unchanged to 5 points net advance.
Rales, 15,250 hags. Including March. $5 75. Spot
Coffee— Rio. quiet: No. 7 Invoice. 6V*c; jobbing.
6»ic: mild, nulet: Cordova, Sti@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw, steady: fair refining. 3^c;
centrifugal. 66 test, 4Hc: refined, quiet; con
fectioners' A. r»M,c: crushed, r.^c.
BUTTER — Receipts. R305 packages. Quiet;
Western creamery, 14%@'20c; Elglns, 20c; fac
tory. 11 ©Inc.
EGGS— Receipts, 2754 packages. Strom?: State
: and Pennsylvania. 22@24Hc; Western, 22324 c.
' DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17.— California Dried
Fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. T/gr,\r;
' prime wire tray, B%c: wood dried prime, SHe;
choice. ev,c; fancy, 9<j?9»4C.
PRUNES— 3Sj>c.
APRICOTS— RoyaI. 7@SHc: Moorpark. 9@llc.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. 7@loc; peeled, 12c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, Jan. 17.— Influential news was
scarce at the opening In Wheat. The unex
, pected firmness at Liverpool was the most
. prominent feature. The course of that market
; attracted a (treat deal of attention and was
| directly the cause of the opening advance here.
1 Prices for May ranged from 90*ic to 90 7
! against Saturday's final price of 90^c. A little
1 realizing by scalpers caused a■: momentary
| drop to 90%@90\c, which represented the
I low point of the day. Buying carried the
; price steadily upward and about noon 91Vic
i was bid. Liverpool showed from %d to Id ad
' vance at the opening here, although It had
i started at a slight decline and that advance
was In the main held to the close. A New
York house reported bids received from
Mannheim. Germany, and Antwerp, Belgium,
for Wheat at 2 cents above what they were
willing to pay a few days ago. Argentine
Wheat Is usually shipped heavily to these
countries and It was Inferred that offers from
the South American country were falling off.
; That was given as the explanation of the
' strength at Liverpool also. The visible de
creased 1.025.000 bushels, leaving the total at
37.838,000 bushels, against 1,413,000 bushels de
crease and a total of 52,459,000 bushels at the
similar time last year. The big decrease lent
i additional strength to the market. The
I world's shipments of Wheat and Flour last
week were officially reported at 7.007.000
bushels, without any from India. The pre
! vious week they were 4,850. bushels and a
i year ago 4,132.000 bushels. The day's domestic
exports of Wheat and Flour from Atlantic
, ports equaled 320,000 bushels. During the last
, hour's trading a little realizing was done, suf
i ficient to cause a reaction to &07i@Slc, the
1 market closing steady at that price.
; Corn was very dull. May ranged from 29^c
i to 2874 c, and closed a shade lower at 25"4529 c
| Oats were fairly active for awnlle. but be
; came quite dull toward the close. May ranged
from 23?; cto 23*;ic, and closed a shade higher
at 21%@J3%c.
Trading In provisions was of moderate vot
i ume and mostly at an advance. Realizing was
: quite free later and a reaction took place.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—
January 9i«
May 90% S\% 90% 91 •
July SO% 80% . 80V»- 80%
Corn. No. 2—2 —
January 26% 26"i 26% 26V4
May 29% 2?^ 28% 29'
; July 30* 30»» 30 30
Oats, No. —
May 23% 2S»i 23% 23*
July 22Mi BH 22 22
Mess pork, per.bbl—
January $3 20 $9 25 $9 20 $9 25
; May 9 30 9 45 9 30 9 40
Lard, per 100 lbs—
I January 4 62*
! May v. 4 72^ 475 4 72<4 47b
July -4 S2V4 455 4SO 4 S2H
i Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
! January ; 4 571-
May 4 67% 4 72V4 4 67H 4 70
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour
i quiet; No. 2 spring: Wheat, 86&057 c; No. 3
■ Fprlng Wheat, 75089 c; No. 2 red. 92692>*c- No
j 2 Corn. 27c: No: 2 Oats. 23c: No. 3 whit*, f o
! b.. 23M.®24 1 «c: No. 2 Rye. 44% c: No. 2 Barley
: f. o. h., 28<?42c; No. 1 Flaxsee.l. $1 19U«n 23V '•
i prime Timothy Seed. $2 77V4: M.-. Pork, per
: barrel, J9 25<?r9 30; Lard, per 100 pounds. $4 62*4
*; 4 65: Short Rib Sides, loose. $4 4504 75- Dry
■ Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4*;«Jsc* Short Clear
J Sides, boxed. $4 75«r5; Whisky. distillers'" fln
; ished goods, per gallon. $1 19. - :
-.Articles— , Receipts. Shipments
Flour, barrels g.ooo v 16.000
Wheat, bushels 000 210 000
Com, bushels 297.000 230'u00
Oats. bushels 267.000 154000
Rye. bushels 8.000 a.Oijo
Barley, bushels M.QOO 000
THE SAX FItAXCTSCO CALL, TUESDAY, JAXFAEY 18, l«»».
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady: creameries. 14<m9i.-; dairies.
ll@l7c. Cheese, quiet; St2s4c. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 20c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
HSRS Receipts. Shipmts.
Cities— Bush. Bush.
Minneapolis 347.760 24 56)
Duluth 33.839 15.524
Milwaukee lfi.HM 650
Chicago 30.300 61.014
Toledo .-. 6.0.0 2 000
St. Louis 18.000 16.000
Detroit 3.674 439
Kansas City 54,000 10.500
Totals 510,563 131.147
Tidewater —
Boston
New York 103,450 166 4SI
Philadelphia 6 837 2 133
Baltimore 64,313 .. ..
New Orleans 12.215
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat- 1 an . Mar.
Opening 69 95 6K 6".
Closing : 6010 59 05
or —
Opening JS 35 27 45
Closing 28 60 27 63
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
Opening Mar. May. July. Sept.
Opening 7 2 », « 11% fi 94 «4
Closing -.... 7 34 7 4 6 44
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, Jan. Consols. 112 15-16; Sliver,
26<yi: French rentes, 103f 224 c. '
LIVERPOOL. Jan. 17.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
standard California Wheat. 30d; cargoes off
coast, less active; cargoes on passage, quiet
K r. Fteady: English country markets, gener
ally 6d cheaper; French country markets,
firmer: Liverpool Wheat. No. 1 California.
>' »4d; Wheat In Paris, steady; quantity of
"heat and Flour on passage to Drifted K'ng
dom. 2.830.000; quantity of Wheat and Flour
on passage to Continent, 790.000; Imports into
united Kingdom fr.r the week. 324.000 bbis
! our. 293.000 qrs Wheat
COTTON— 3 7-32 d.
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. Jan. 17.—CATTLE— bulk of
offerings sold for $4 3OiiTs 10, common lota of
dressed beef steers selling around $4, while
prime cattle were salable at $5 30-rTS 40. Stock
ers and feeders ranged from $3 20^?3 40. Butch
ers' and canners' stuff sold freely at from $2
for common cows to $4 3R for choice heifers.
The better grades of calves brought $5 75®
6 50.
HOGS— Sales were at an extreme range of
13 4503 75 for Inferior to choice hogs, the bulk
of sales being at $3 5503 624. while pigs sold
largely at J3 40^3 75.
SHEEP— Were wanted nt $3^3 50 for Infer
ior to common up to $4 25(JT4 M for good to
choice flocks, and lambs were in demand at
T4ff?4 50 for culls up to $5 65<??R S5 for choice to
extra grades. The bulk of the lambs sold at
&<rs 85, yearlings fetching $4 50®4 80 and
pheep sold largely at $3 £504 45.
Receipts— Cattle. 19.000; hogs. 38,000; sheep.
OMAHA
OMAHA. Jan. 17.— Cattle-— Receipts. 1400.
Market steady; native beef steers, JS 70-93 M;
Western steers. $3 M#t 4<i; T.-xas ste-:
3 60; cows and heifers, J2 MO< SO: canners,
fl 7593 <:<■>: stockers ani feeders. *3 I
calves. Uff%: bulls, stags, etc . *2 B0
HOGS— Receipts. 2co. steady; heavy, J3 4«<?
3 50; mixed. J3 4.'f?3 50; light, $3 55^3 60; bulk
of sales. $3 40-53 60.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4?no Market steady: fair
to choice natives, $3 75^4 60: fair to choice
Westerns. $3 7"JJ4 30; common and stock sheep.
*3{i3 SO; lambs. $4 r.Dfi'a 50.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. Jan. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts,
official, 6000. Fat cattle, steady to strong;
I Texas cattle, active and steady: cows, heifers.
I stockers and feeders, steady to strong. Texas
steers, J3@'4 30; Texas cows, $2 76@3 30; native
steers, $3 85@5; native cows and heifers. $2®
! 4 15: stockers and feeders, $3 20®4 70; bulls.
I $2 HUM 50.
Receipts. 7COO. official. Market opened
Ftrong to Ec higher than Saturday's lowest
prices and closed a shale easier; ban of sales.
$3 r><v??3 65; heavies. $3 45®3 70: packers. $3 47U®
3 674: mixed. *?, 45@3 65: lights. $3 35523 65;
yorkers. $3 5fW?3 E5; pigs. J3 25^3 £24.
SHEEP — Receipts, official. 3100. Lambs.
; strong to We hiirh«r; muttons, Be higher: fancy
i native rambs, $5 70; Westerns, ?4 40«?5 60; mut
! tons. $3 7O'u4 40.
DENVER. Jan. 17.— CATTLE— Receipts. 900.
Market firm and higher: beef steers, $3 50^
4 10: cows. Jig 3 23; bulls, stags, etc.. $25?3;
calves. $4 2V'.-.', 7".; Ft ■ckers and feeders. $4©
HOGS— Receipts. 300. Market steady: light
packers. $.1 401? 3 50; heavy. $3 £,f?3 45, and
Mixed. $3 4 ff3 50.
SHEEP— No receipts: demand good. No quo
tations.
visible drain frrru.
NEW YORK. Jan. 17 -The statement of th»
visible supply of grnin in store ar.d afloat Sat
urday. January IK, as compiled by the New
York Produce Exchange, ts us follows:
Wheat. 17.845.000 bushels: decrense. <<vi; iwi.
Corn. 41.134.ivxi bushels: increase. 1.611.000. Oats,
15. 163. '""i bushels: increase, T.'.3,tWi. R y «, .
000 bushels: increase, r.1,000. Barley, 3.582 000
bushels; decrease. iSSjDOQ.
TORSION MARKETS.
CLOSE.
CORN— Spot American mixed, new, firm.
I 8s 3Ud; do old. firm. 3s 3 s <d; January, steady,
•1 Kd; February, steady, la :\.« ; March
' steady. 3s l ? «d
Imports of Wheat mto Liverpool for the
week from Atlantic ports were 4<>.r>flo quarters
; from Pacific ports. 14.000 quarters; from other
I rta, ?f>oo quarters.
Imports of Corn into Liverpool from Atlan
• tic ports for the week were 33,900 quarters.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND. Or.. Jan. 17 —The local Whent
' market is weak, with no demand for cargoes:
1 Wp.lla Walla reached the lowest price of the
; reason at Liverpool to-day. Walla Walla. 70c ■'
I Valley and P.lue Stem. 72)975e.
: cleared— Russian ship Hoppett. Queenstown.
80,321 bushels Wheat.
WASHINGTON".
TACOMA. Jan. 17 — WHEAT-Higher, but
quiet; No. 1 Club, 7"c: No. 1 Blue Stem. 78c.
PORTLANDS EUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., Jan. 17— Exchanges. $459 -
465; balances. $27,822.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 mi
Sterling Cables _ 4 re "
Npw York Exchange, sieht — i:u
I Jfew York Exchange, telegraphic. — 20
Fine Silver. p» r ounce .',71,
Mexican Dollars 47 471^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Orient" takes for Cork 40.02S
ctls, valued at $:>fi,wo. Futures advanced and
the spot market was firm.
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 8714
©1 3&\ for No. 1. $1 40 for choice nnd $1 42'~»W
1 45 per ctl for extra choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session— !»:lF. May— 2ooo ctla
$1375; 6000. $137*: 4000. $1 367*. '
Second Session— May— 2000 ctls. $1 36*: 20.000.
$1 36%.
Regular Morning Session— May— 26 000 ctls
$137: 6000. $1367 i: 8000. $137*; 16;000. '$1 37U '
Afternoon Session— May. 2000 ctls $1 37>-»- 10
000. $1 37H: 8000. $137%; 18.000. $137%
BARLEY— The market was firm at the re
cent advance with a fair demand. Futures
were still higher.
Feed. 92U095C for dark to good, and 974c«?U
ST'L&S&i « rewl "B-. » 10« Ml 5 for No. 1 and
.$1 02V4@l 05 per ctl for dark Coast.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal Session — o'clock— No sales.
Second Session — No sales.
Regular Morning Session— May— 2000 ctl«
SBc; 22.000. SSHc; 2000, SS^c; 16.000, SSHc ' '
Afternoon Session— May— ctls. BSc: 4000
BS\«c. '
OATS— The situation showed no' change yes
terday. -v. .' ■!"■ ! * *
Fancy Feed. $1200125 per ct! ; good -to
choice. $1 i-,!l 1714; common, 11 1001 12vt*
Surprise, tl UOl X: Red. ** 3°ffl 40; Gray.'
$1 12H@1 17',: Milling. n r;.,-,i 12%: Black
for seed, Jl 3o©l 50. Clipped Oats sell at $1®
2 per ton over the raw product.
Previous prices rule with a fair
Ye^^^'w^^r' ■*
RYE— sl 02U,©l 05. v " ix -
BUCKWHEAT— SOgl 75 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFF&
The China steamer took out 15.3T.0 bbla Flour.
FLOUR— Net cash prices are. Family extras
$4 r."<?4 65: Bakers' extras. 54 3004 40 per bb;
MILLSTUFFS-Prices In sacks ar- as fol
low, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour $5 per 100 tT>s: Rye Flour. $2 50 per l«?
Rice > Ur ; $5 75: Oornmeal. J4 2:,; extra cream
do. $3; Oatmeal. $2 50; Oat Groats. $4- Hom
iny, JV™l 30; Buckwheat Flour. $3 i-«- 50.
Cracked Wheat. $3 15: Farina. J4 80; Whole
Wheat Flour. $3 25; Rolled Oats fbbls). $3 709
6 90: In sacks. $3 75; Pearl Barley. »4 Split
Peas. $3 50; Green do. 14 25 per 100 Tbs
HAY AND FEEDSTUFF*?.
All description* remained without chance
Hnv was steady '
BRAN-J19920 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S2O ' (24 50
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley. f21@22 per
ton: Oilcake Meal at the mill. t» :,(.fi2B %
Jobbing. *JO. Cocoanut Oike. 119^20: Cotton:
seed Meal. $29*930 per ton.
HAT— (Ex-car In round lots)-Whent. $13 SO
•M per T> ton: Wheat and Oat. $131315 Oat.
m®H: Barley, $12*13 BO; compressed. $13 50<j
STRAW— 3O«T4Sc per hale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans continue In food demand for specu
latlve account at steady prices. .
BEANS — Bayos. IS 9033; Small Whites,
II 25@1 40; Large Whites, Jl 20@l So; Pinks.
$1 B°® 1 fro; Reds. $1 600] 70; Blackeye, $2 23®
2 50; Butters. |l 4031 50; Llmas, $165g175;
Pea Jl 25$ 1 40 per ctl.
SEEDS- T>r.>wn Mustard. IS tier ctl: Yellow
?/, U l& rd ' J2 ® 2 60: Flax. *1 ?Mi2: Canary Se-d.
-4 j2»4c per lt»; Alfalfa, 3S«c; Rape. 2ff2*;c;
Hemp. 3c; Timothy. We 'W*MW.
DRIED PEAS-Nlles: $1 23: Green. II 20©
1 40 per ctl.
POTATOES. ONIONS. VEGETABLES.
The Potato market Is In pood shape and
firm. There is no change In Onions. Vegeta
bles are in light supply and firm.
POTATOES— Early Rose. 60ffr70c: River Reds.
JSgoOc; River Burbanks, oO'S'O- : Oregon Bur
banks. W^Mu; Salinas Burbanks. 75c@»l:
sweet Potatoes. Etc per ctl for Rivers and
Sot27sc for Merced; new Volunteer Potatoes.
24c per It*.
ONIONS— $2 25®2 50 per ctl: cut Onions,
*1 50<Z?2 per sack.
VEGETABr.ES-Marrowfnt Squash. $1"^12
P»r ton: Hubbard Squash. $10®12 per ton; Dried
Peppers. 5(H6c per lb: Dried Okra. 15c: Cab
bage. 60® 7Sc per ctl: Carrots. 25@60c per sack:
Garlic. JMS3UC per ib: Asparagus. 10@15c per lb
for small and 20@3Ac for large.
Los Anceles Green Peas. 4'dfic: String Beans.
lK«?20c; Tomatoes 2.i£73c: Green Penpers. 153
Be per li.; Summer Squash, 10(gl24c; Egg
Plant, 15®20c per lb.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Two cars of Eastern sold at 9'fflO^ for Tur
keys. S."fi.", M for Ducks. Hens and young
Roosters. $2 'or Geese and $4 50 for Broilers.
Local stock was nominal.
Game was rather weak than otherwise.
POULTRY—
Live Turkeys. 10@llc for Gobblers and NKflle
for Hens; dressed Turkey*. ll@l2Hc per Tb;
Geese, per pair. $1 25*/ 1 75: Ducks. $4 Wg6;
Hens. $3 50@5; Roosters, young. $4 60^5; do old.
13 EOQ4: Fryers. $4 50<g4 75: Broilers. $4 2534 M
for large and J3f?4 for small: Pigeons, $1 50@2
per dozen for young and tl for old.
GAME— Quail, per doz. $1; Mallard. *3; Can
vast.ark. $34*4; Sprig. $1 BO: Teal. $1: Widgeon.
l\ft\ 25; Small Ducks. 750*1; Gray Geese. *2 Ml;
White. 7", c: Brant. $1 50; Honkers. J4<*?4 BA;
English Snipe. $2: Jack Snipe. $1; Hare. II:
Rabbits. $1 25@1 50 for Cottontails and 75c@Jl
for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Trier* Is no change In Butter or Cheese, hut
Eggs are off again and dealers neglect no
opportunity to sell.
More inquiry for Eastern Butter Is reported.
BUTTKIt—
Creamery— Creameries, 26®27c; sec
onds. 24<g2?e.
Dairy— to fancy. 23g24c: lower grades.
21(f?22'4c per Ib.
Eastern Butter— Creamery, 22'~'!i'24c; ladle
: packed. 17' v 21c per lb
CHEESE— Choice mild new, ll@lixse: com
i mon to pood. SfflOe: Cream Cheddar. 10-Trilc;
Young America. lm^m^c; Western. ll$12c;
Eastern. 12H<0'13 I >4c per lb.
BOGS— Ranch Eggs. l i' ; ?24c per doz; store.
Eggs. 19@21c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
All kinds, deciduous and citrus, are In suffi
cient supply and quiet.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Cranberries. $7@S per bbl: Coos Bay, $1 600
2 per box.
Apples, 250400 per box for common. 50c9tl
for good to choice and $1 25 for fancy;
Lady Apples. 5Ac^IJl for large boxes.
CITRUS FRUITS-Navel Oranges. II 2:3
2 25; Seedlings, :".■'■? Jl 25; Mandarins. 1101 50:
Grape Fruit. $2 .v>?Y4 per box; Lemons. 50e®
$1 for common and Jl 25fTl 75 for rood to
choice; Mexican Limes. J4:@s per box: Cali
fornia Limes In small boxes. 504?75c; Banana*.
$1 2"><S2 25 per bunch: Pineapples, $3® 4 per
' dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. RAISINS. NTTS. ETC.
Apples are strong and in pood demand. There
is also more Inquiry for Prunes, and the indi
cations are that prices may shortly Improve.
The other kinds are dull.
Prunes, carload lots, 3^iS4\ic for 40-50's. »\i<3
2\.c for 50-60" $. 2Vij3\ic for 60-70' s. 2VB2*c for
! 70-SO's. 1»4©2»4c for SU-90 # s. l^l^c for 90-lWs
Peaches. 3S4Vic: fancy. 6®sHc: peeled, 1O«
12-tC Apricots. s(S€c for Royals and 7@Sc for
I good to fancy Moorparks: evaporated Apples,
* I^y7c; sun-dried. 4t?4Vsc; black Firs. In sacks'
i'SZVic: Plums. 4V"»\r for pitted an,- . ls?lWc
for unpltted: bleached Plums, G(??s<^c; Nec-
J tarines, 4£?sc for prime to fancy; Pears, 2*42
, 4V4c for quarters and 3tfs4c for halves, accord
ing to color, -etc.
RAISINS— New Raisins. 2«S'3c for two
crown. 4c for three-crown. Ec for four-crown.
6Hc for Seedless Sultanas and Jl 1031 15 for
London layers: dried Grapes. 2\c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at «©loc per
It.; Walnuts, Riffle for hardshell a.nd 6S7c
for softfhell: Almonds. ?'--?i">,c for hardshell
tff-Gc for softshell and 7©Sc for paper-shell-
Peanuts. 4fr.'-.c for Eastern and 4U. for r-ni|l
fornia: Pecans. 6u^?c: Filberts, BVi"eioc; Bra
zil Nuts. S*i9c per lb: Cocoanuts. $4 5003 per
1 100.
HONET— New Crmb, JfflOc for bright and r.@
Tc for lower grades: new water- white ex
tracted. 4U@sc; light amber extracted. 3?i34Kc
per lb.
BEESWAX— »Cr?Sc per ID.
PROVISION'S.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, gtje p*r TV for
heavy. 9c for light medium. 10c for light. 10V»c
for extra light and 12c for sugar-cured; East
ern sugar-cured Hams, lO^Sllc; California
Hams, 9(39Hc: Mess Beef, JS 50 per bbl- extra
mess do. $S 50: family do. $11©12: salt Pork.
JSQB fO; extra prime Pork. $9 50: extra clear,
$16; mess, $14 50; Smoked Beef. ll^:Sl2Vic per
Ib.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at s\ie per Tb
for compound and 6c for pure: palls, .c: Cali
fornia tierces. "> per TT> for compound and *<?
for pure: half-bbls, 6>4c; 10- Ib tins, 7c; do B-Ib
7Ur ncr Ib.
roTToi.-:xir_ sTi<T<!Uc: packar^.
lefts than ZM lbs— 1-Tb palls. 60 In a case. B%<j:
S-IT> palls. JO in a case. S»ic: a-Tb palls. 12 In a
case. BYe; 10-Ib palls. 6 In b case. SHe; :.O-Tb
tins, one or two In n. rase. "Se: wooden buck
ets. JO lbs »t. T*f.: fanev tubs. »> Tbs net. 7Hc;
half-bbls. about 110 rhs. THe per tb.
HIDES. TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS-Culls and brands sell
at lc under sound stock. Heavy salted steers.
10tf?10%c per lh; medium. 9c: light. 9c: Cow
hides. 9fr«ir: Ptags. 6c: salted Kip. 10c: Calf.
lie: dry Hides, Me: cull* and brands. 13c: dry
Kin and Veal. 14@15c: dry Calf. H«?:0c; culls.
16517 c: Goatskins. 20®37%c each: Kids. s®loc:
Peprsklns. good summer. 2."<S3C'C per lb: me
dium. !0c: winter. 10c: Sheepskins. shearlings
Jo*?SOc earh: Fhnrt wool. 40^70c each: medium.
70*? WV«: Inn 1* wools. Soc<9sl 30 each.
TAT.I.OW— Vt> 1 rendered. IJHUrf) per Ib: No.
J. 2^2U.c: n »d. Be: Grease. 2(fr2Uo.
WOOL-Fall clip— Middle counties-free. ion
Ik; do defective. lOffllc: San Joamiln. defec
tive, ymc; Southern Mountain. «>«?ilc: free
Northern. i"^^^. do def«wtl\-e. »©llc: Ham
noldt and Men^ncino. ISWISc; Eastern Oregon.
95T1V: Va')«v Oregon. 16®lSc.
TTOPP-rii.i rr , p 2i?Tßc for poor to fair and ,
@10c for good: new crop. ll@lsc per lb.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bars. IS9S delivery.
s«4f?s*c: Wool Bags. 27@30c.
coal— Wellington. **: N»w Weliin<rton. t*:
Southfleld Wellington. JT 50: Seattle, |S SO;
Bryant. $5 50; Coos Bay. $1 75: Wallsend. J7 00;
Cumberland. Jl4 50 In bulk and $16 1n sacks:
Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. «15; Cannel. %3
per ten; Rock Springs. Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, S7 60: Coke, IIS per ton In bulk and
HI 1n wastes.
TURPENTINE— 2c higher as follows: In
cases. Be; drums or Iron barrels, 47c per gal
lon.
PARAFFINE WAX CANDLES— lower at
,',c for white aril &He for colored.
SUGAR— The Western Runi Refinery Com
pany quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
•nd Pine Crushed. Cite: Powdered. ««4c; Dry
Granulated. s*;e: Confectioners' A. s^c: Mar
nolia A. S*4c: Extra C. Me: Golden C. 64c;
Candy Granulated. 6%c: California* A. 5%c per
id: half-bbls *ie more than barrels, and boxes
He more.
San ntAMcxeoo meat market.
Wholesale rates for dressed beef stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BKEK— First quality. 6%®7c; second do. SHO
60. thiid do. 4f?sc per Ib.
VKAT^— Uirre. EQCe: snmM. 6©7 c per lb.
MI. TTON- Wether?. 6«t7c: ewes. 6c per tb.
T.AMR- Sprlnc nominal.
?!r. nK ~ Tj|ve Ho PB . 3\W3?4p for Iftr^» and
oM< f ?2Hc for small and 3U«?3%0 for medium:
«oft Hops. 24@Slic: dressed do, r.(?5Hc per lb.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. January 17.
Flour, qr sks ... 4.155 ! Middlings, sks .. E75
Wheat, ctls .. .. Hay, tons 367
Barley, ctls .. .. 2,793 Straw, tons .... 8
<"*ats, tls MB Wool, bales .. .. 165
Butter, rtl« .. .. 91 Kites, doz 4,650
Cheese, ctls .. .. 11 ! Hides, No 222
Tallow, otls .. .. 2281 Pelts, bdls .. .. 419
Beans. Pks .. .. 1.153J Raisins, bxs .... 375
Potatoes, sks ... 1.118 Leatrer. rolls ... 63
Onions, sks .. .. 196 Wine, gals .. .. 65.400
Bran, sks 1.E60 Quicksilver, flsks 88
OREGON.
Oats, ctls .. ..... 280
—■ m •
THE STOCK MARKET.
There was no particular change In mining
stocks yesterday.
The Dutch Mining and Milling Company has
declared a dividend of 5 cents per share, pay
able January 22.
The delinquency In office of the assessment
of 3 cents t*>r share on the capital stock of
the Home Gold Mining Company has been
postponed to January 20. and the day of, sale
to February 10.
At the recent annual meeting of the Con
solidated St. - Gothard Gold Mining Company
the following directors and officers were
elected for: IS9S: A. ."- Kartschoka. president;
Joseph Fetz, vice-president; Jot.-.ph S. Schus
ter, Joseph Assign. Jac. Mook. J. S. Ott and
H. Mohr. Fred tier was appointed general
manager and J. F. Hotline secretary. Tb«
company has levied an assessment of 10
cents per share, delinquent February 16.
< 'n the Bond Exchange the Sugar stocks sold
at an advance.
Weakly reports from the mines are as fo^
lows:
Consolidated California and Virginia, 1550
level— Tht north drift sklrtimr along the foot
wall from the Incline upraise at a point ITS
feet on the slope above this level was advanced
1? feet through porphyry streaked with quartz
a&sayinK 60 eenti p<»r ton; total length, 263
feet. From the Incline upraise No. 1, at a
point 112 feet above the sill floor of this level,
the south drift has been advanced 22 feet,
pawing thmugh quartz and porphyry assay-
Inp J2 per ton; total length. 149 feet. l*» 50 level
—From incline upraise No. 1. at a point 173
feet In from Its mouth, from the top of the
upraise, which has been carried up 49 feet, the
south drift has been advanced 16 feet, pass
ing through porphyry and quartz, assaying
from Jl to V per ton; total length. 107 feet.
We have extracted from this drift 3 tons of
low-grade ore. assaying JS 55 per ton. From
the old east crosscut on the sill floor of this
level, at a point 122 feet in from its mouth
from the top of the upraise, which has been
carried up 30 feet from the north drift 83 feet
in from its mouth a west drift has been ad
vanced 18 feet, passing through porphyry and
quartz showing narrow streaks of ore, from
which we have extracted 6 tons of ore assay
ing, per mine-oar snmples. J51 1 X per ton. 1751
level— On the eleventh floor north from the top
of the upraise the north drift has been ex
tended 34 feet, passing through porphyry and
quartz assaying Jl to J2 per ton; total length.
46 feet. The total extflactlon of ore for the
week amounted to 6 tons, the average assay
value of which, per samples taken from the
cars when raised to the surface, was Jol 25 per
ton.
In the Ophtr mine, on the 1000 level, west
crosscut No. 3, started from the north drift
from the shaft station on the sill floor of this
level at a point 125 feet north of the shaft sta
tion, has been extended 27 feet, passing
through porphyry, showing clay and narrow
seams of vein matter assaying 50 cents per
ton: total length, 788 feet. In the old Central
tunnel workings of the Ophlr. from the sill
floor from the west crosscut from the Mexican
shaft, starting at a point 226 feet in from its
mouth, the crosscut has been extended 11 feet,
through porphyry showing clay seams; total
length. 371 feet.
In the Gould & Curry mine, on the 800-foot
level of the Bonner shaft, they have resumed
work In the Joint east crosscut, on north
boundary, and advanced It 7 feet; total, 6XS
feet, face in porphyry.
In the Chollar mine they are making good
progress In repairs and in the main airway on
the 100 level north of north upraise, and have
put in two sets of timbers in the incline above
the 100 level since last report.
In the Potosi mine they have put in two sets
of timbers in the main incline above the 1100
level, and are making good progress in the
repairs to the main airway on the 100 level. On
the tunnel level the joint Potosi and Bullion
south drift was advanced 12 feet: total length,
390 feet; face in old ground. On the sixth
floor of the south upraise, tunnel level, above
No. 1 crosscut, they have advanced the east
drift 10 feet; total length. 36 feet: face in
streaks of quartz and porphyry.
In the Sierra Nevada mine (Layton tunnel
workings) they have been engaged during the
week repairing the north drift near the air
raise. Finished timbering and resumed work
in the face of the tunnel: advanced the same
-" feet; total length. 604 feet; face in porphyry
and clay. On the 900-foot level of the Union
shaft workings of the Sierra NeVada they have
finished making repairs to the track in the
north drift and resumed work in west cross
cut No. 5, and advanced the same 20 feet: total
length. 90 feet: face in porphyry and gypsum.
Brunswick — Consolidated California and
» Irginia. Best * Belcher and Gould & Curry.
*. t ,, N . n . : - 60 ° I*vel-Jolnt east crosscut
started Jointly by the Gould & Curry and Best
and » Belcher companies from this drift, at a
point 420 feet. from the station, has been ad
vanced 2S feet: total length, 75 feet; face In
porphyry Rnd stringers of quartz.
Chollar— 2oo level— crosscut No. 3 was
advanced 24 feet through hard porphyry; total
ength. 38 feet. 300 level-The slopes above this
levH are yielding about as usual. The streaks
of pay are becoming smaller, hut the grade is
maintained. 500 level— The west crosscut has
been advanced 19 feet during the week: total
length. 1,6 feet, or IBS feet west of the foot
wall formation, through hard rock. 600 level—
The Joint upraise has been extended 30 feet
total height 14 . a feet: and It ha been connected
with the MO level about 20 feet west of the
mouth of the line crosscut. They are doing a
considerable amount of repair work. including
timbering and retimbering. throughout the
mine.
Potos!-SOO level— The joint west crosscut ha*
been advanced 19 feet for the week; total
length 1,6 feet or !M feet west of the foot
wall: face In hard rock. 600 level— Joint
upraise hoe been extended 30 feet: total height
14.. feet; connected with the 500 level at a point
20 feet west of the. mouth of the line crosscut
Po^, In Snd re fhS tn wVe tt k he ma!n B ° Uth drlfl in
Occidental Consolldated-The official letter
for the past week says: 500 level-West cross
cut No. 1 has been driven It feet through hard
porphyry: total length, 20 feet. 650 levll-East
crosscut N. s. started at a point In south drift
S4O feet from the station, has been advanced
20 feet: total length, 112 feet: face In hSrd
porphyry. 750 level-We have extended the
main snuth drift 18 feet: total length! «B feet?
along the footwall of the ledee; face ln fair
grade ore The crosscut to the e a «t started
five, 1 T feet ," outh ° f th station on this
of fi-lr^amy" adv<inced » <«* through ore
BOARD SALES.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Regular Session—
100 Andes 12 1 300 Justice ... 22
}£! %Z'\. * Belche « > «»0 Sierra Nev .I".". 61
400Chollar ... .. 24 100 Union Con .. .. 36
100 Con Cal & Val 15 M Utah .. -OS
150 Gould & Curry 32 100 Yel Jacket ".'.'. 32
Afternoon Session—
I°o Alpha 07 300 Crown Point ..'. 21
400 Alta 13 200 Gould & Curry S3
50 Best & Belcher 47 100 Justice 33
100 Caledonia 20 200 Occidental *. i'"l SO
200 Challenge 29 100 Ophir .... 65
200Chollar 2 1 500 Seg Belcher"..!! 06
100 Confidence 75
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Regular Session— lo
300 Belcher 36 500 Julia .. .. 02
500 Best & Belcher 4* : 500 Kentuck .. "" 04
600 Challenge Con.. 31 ! 300 Mexican .. " ' 2°
300 Chollar 24 700 Ophlr .... 55
400 Con Cal & Va. 1-, 600 Potosl .. ..'"'* 30
2'"' : 115 Son sierra Nev "'" 60
SX BC!B C !F >W , I i Point - n 2no Standard Con... 45
1000 Gould A Curry 32 500 Union Con 36
200 Hale & Nrcrs.l 27»
Afternoon Session.
100 Best A Belchr. 45 300 Justice .. 82
100 Challenge Con . 29 500 Mexican 21
200 < 'hollar 21 250 Ophlr . . 53
200 Con Cal & Va.l 10 200 64
200 Gould & Curry.. 33 400 Potosl . , .. 31
300 321200 Sierra. Nevada . 67.
COO Hale ft Norcros.l 25; 1000 Utah ' OS
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
MONDAY, Jan. 17. 12 m.
Alpha Con .... 07 08 1 Julia 01 08
Alta 12 13 Justice 32 33
Andes 10 11 Kentuck ....... 05 06
Belcher 35 37 Mexican ... 20 22
Bent & Belchr 44 46 N Gould & Cry 25
Bullion OR 10 Occidental . 145
Caledonia 19 20 Ophfr 54 5£
Chollar 20 21 Overman .. .. 10 11
Con Cal ft Va.l 10 lIS Potosl 31 32
Challenge Con. 28 29 Savage 15 17
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Seg Belcher .. 06 07
Confidence 75 78 Scorpion 05 06
Crown Pt .. .. 23 25 Sierra Nev ... 57 59
Con New York 01 02 Silver Hill .... •04
Eureka Con . . 25 .. Standard 150
Exchequer ... 061 Union. Con .... 33 84
Gould & Curry 32 S3|Utah 08^09
Hale & Norcrs.l 25 130 Yel Jacket .... 31 32
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
MONDAY. Jan. 17. 10:30 a. m.
Bid.Asked I Bid. Asked
• U S l.onds— Oakland Gas.. 65H —
is quar coup. .114 1154 Pac Gas Im.. 93% —
4« quar reg.,112 — Pac LCo 564 67
4s quar new ..125 — ;S F G & E.. 93>4 —
Miscellaneous— j San Fran 3% 3*i
Ca!-s>t Cab 55.112% — I Stockton- aas. 14H —
Cal El L. 65.12«^ — ! Insurance—
C C Wat 65.. .100 101 . FirenVs Fnd..lSs —
Dup-st ex c. — HH Bank Stocks—
X L& P 65. .129 — An«rlo-Cal .... Z6% —
F& Ch Ryes 116 — Bank of Ca1. .245 '250
Geary-st R ss. — 101 . Cal SD & T.. 99 101
HC & S 5V4..102 107 First Nat ....200 210
LA.L Co 65.. — 100 Lon P A A.. .129 —
Do gntd «*.. 99 102% Mer Exch.ge. 12 —
Market-st 65.. 126 — Nev Nat ..150
Do Ist M55.113»;i14% Savings Banks—
NatVln 6s lsts — 100 Ger S & L..1475 1620
NCg Ry .100 101 Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65. .108% — Mutual Say. 35 40
NRy Cal .102 — S F Say U.. 475 —
NPC Ry 65. 104% - S* L 50,... — 100
NPC Rv ss. 99% — Security Sv. 250 —
Oak Gas 65... 104 — Union T Ob. TSO —
Do 2<i is 55. .111 112 i Street Railroad—
m Ry 65....125%130 California 108 nov
P & O Ry 6s.HO 115 Geary 40 —
PA CH Rv65.103 110 Market-st . . . . 63 531;
Powell-st 6s .118 125 Oak SLA H. — —
Reno WUI... — 103 Presidio 7 —
Sac'Elecßyos. — . 100 Powder—
S F & N P ss.lO4Hia»\; California .... 92%107%
S Pof Ar 6s.l01»;i01!i v. Dynamite .. 85 90
S P Cal 109%110 Giant Con Co 38' 3SK
SPC Ist eg 6s. 9«%l00 Vigorit 1% Sti
S P Br 6s ...109 1094 Miscellaneous—
S V Wat 65.. 11914 — Al Pa.- Assn.. - 994
B V Wat 45."..102H — Ger L<l Wks 100 —
Stock Gas 65. .100 — HC & S Co.. 314 31V
Water— Hutch S P Co. 42' i 43U
Contra Costa. 60 67% Mer Ex Asn.. 90 —
Marln Co 50 — Nat Vln Co .. — 7U
Spring Val ...lOO^IOOH Oc S Co 344 35>2
Gas * Electric— Pac A.F Al.. 1 3"
Cent Gaslight. 984"— ' Pac Bor C 0... 93 —
Capital Gas...— — Par Paint Co. 6% —
M E L Co ... 15* 15S
MORNING SESSION— IO:3O.
60 Alaska Packers' Assoc'n 99 60
25 Contra Costa Water .. 5300
Do cash .' 5350
■ 25 do do 54 00
65 Giant Powder Con as 00
X Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 31 00
25 do do ;..... 31 13U
25 do do 3150
100 do do *10 31 50
15 Hutchison S P Co f. .■...". ..42 50
30 do do :... 42 624
20 - do do 42 75
2000 Park"'& Cliff House bonds ...■; 109 00
106 S F Gas * Electric Co 95 23
2000 S P of A bond* 10175
Street—
60 Market-street Railway 53 50
AFTERNOON SESSION.
60 Alaska Packers' Assoc'n 99 53
20 Contra Costa Water 54 C-> .
70 Hawaiian Com'l & Sugar 31 50 ;
100 Vigorit Powder 3 75
130 Hutchlnson S P Co 43 00
25 cash 43 00 !
10 do do 43 00
IS Market-street Railway 51 00
25 Mutual Electric Light 15 50
10 Pacific Gas Imp S3 75 j
5 Pacific Lighting 06 .-.0 |
40 s F Gas & Electric Co 95 25
£0 8 V Water 100 37%
Street —
SO Hutchlnson S P Co 42 75
—■ ♦ ■
THE CALL CALENDAR.
January, IS9B.
Mo
W.
Th.
Pr.
! Sa.
Moon'e Phases.
M
©Full Moon,
Jan. 7.
—
—
I
3
'
6
8
h
—
H
—
-
1 /rj-Laßt Quarter,
M- Jan. 15.
10
»
i:
13
H
If,
—
I |
|
|
—
22 v*"% New Moon,
Xi) Jan. 21.
29 -.
First Quarter,
Jan. 2.'.
16
IT I
13
n
20
II
23
i
X
I
i «
28
24
IS
: 1
—
ao
n
• I
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Steamer.
A Blanchard.. .
Crescent City.. '
Australia i
Coos Bay i
State ot Cal !
Willamette
i Oregon ports
Crescent City...
i Honolulu
Newport
] Portland ,
Seattle
Panama
Humooidt
San Dleg'o _
• Coos Bay
Humboiat Bar
Departure Bay
Nanatmo
Victoria and Pupet Sound
Coos Bay
Coos Bay :
Yaquina Bay
Tacoma.
Seattle
Mexico
Portland
China and Japan
San Dleiro
Jan
.T-m
.lan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Colon
North Fork
yueen
Empire
Pomona i
Bristol
Burma
City Puebia.. ..
Arena
Homer
President. :
Waßhtenaw.'....
Proereso
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
: Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Jan
Orizaba '■
Columbia
Coptic
Santa Rosa.
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
mer. !
ATIDN
' Pomona I Humbldtßar.
i Arcata ... Coon Bay
! Columbia.. Portlana
j CityofSyd Panama
Weeott Humbldt Bar.
Del Norte. . Gray* Harbo> !
Santa Rosa San Diego ]
Crescent C. Crescent City.
A Blanchrd Yaqulnaßay..
Coos Bay.. Newport- ...
! Umatllla.. . : Vie A Vgt Snd :
State of Cal Portland
Queen San Dlefro
Australia. . ' Honolulu . .
Peru Chlna&Japan.
: Homer Newport. |
Jan 18. 2 pxpter S»
.lan IS. 10 AM pi^r 13
Jan IS. 10 am Pier "M
.Lin 1". U >i pj[ SS
Jaa 1?, 4 fm pier 13
JSO 19, 12 V Pier 2
i Jan 19, 11 AM pier 11
'Jan in, 8 PM Pier —
Jan 19, 9 am Pier 13
JSB ?1. » AM 'Pier U
IJah :i. 9 am Pier 9
Jan XX 10 am Pier 24
Jan 23. 11 am Pier U
Jan 25. 10 AM PM SS
Jan 25. 1 pm Pier 11
Jan 2h. y am Pier 7
SUN, MOO N AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Surrey
Timss and Heights of Hi B h and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point
the height of tide l» the same at both plaeea
JANUARY- ISJB.
Tuesday, Januai y 13 Sun rlse 8 7:23 Setss:lS
Moon rises 8:59 a
g|Tlme Feet |Tlme| Feet Time p Time
»L \V H Wl L '.v h \V
is 0:41 1 3.1 7:04
19 1:« 3.2 H:(T>
20 2:48 3.2 S:sy
21 3:4«; 8.1 1' 54
H \V L \V
3? 0:11 4.7 4:42 !
a.» -•:»> — u.o >i:o» 4.0
8.1 3:31 —0.9 10: SO 4.3
6.2 4:20 —1.1 11:83 4.5
6.2! 5:05 —1.2
H W L W ■"
2.9 10:49 0.6 5:50 —1.0
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given In the left
nana column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tidp
and the last or right hand column gives fhe
last tide of the day. except when there ar» bat
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
piven are additions to the soundings on the
I nlted States Coast Survey charts except
when a minus sign (—) precedes the helghfand
then the number given le subtractlve from the
depth given by the charts.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the Vnited States Hydrographio
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange is
maintained In San Francisco for the b»-neflt of
mariners without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office where complete sets of charts and sail-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
.or c>mparisiin and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of Interest to ocean oommercr.
The time ball on top of the building on Tele
rraph Hill Is hooted about ten minutes before
noon and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian.
iw' tTP.ITrt T P . I T rs L r>h , lc sl * nal received each day from
the t nlted States Naval Observatory' at Mare
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether trie time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error, if any. Is
published the same day by the afternoon pa
pers, and by the morning napers th" following
da >'- W P. HT'GHF.S.
Lieutenant. T\ S. N.. In charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
■ . Monday. January 17.
Stmr Greenwood. Fagerlund. 49 hours from
Newport: ballast, to L E White Lumber Co.
Stmr San Jose, Pillsbury. 83 hours from Co
mox; 15uO tons m*l. to S ■" Co.
Stmr Rival. Johnson. 16 hours from Fort
Bragg: lumber, to Gray & Mitchell.
Stmr Santa Rosa. Alexander. 6Ui hours frm
San Diego; pass and mdse, to Goodall, Per
kins & Co.
Stmr Pomona, Cousins, •17 hours from Eure
ka: pass and mdse, to Goddall. Perkins & Co.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefield, 85 hours from
Tacoma; 3500 tons coal, to S P Co. Oakland di
rect.
'■•Tir TJmatilla, Hunter, 64 hours from Vic
toria and Puget Sound ports; pass and mdse,
to Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Bark Albert Griffiths, 17 days from Hono
lulu; pass and sugar, to .Williams, Dlmond &'
Co.
Bktn Archer. Calhoun, 17 days from Hono
lulu: pass and sugar, to Welch & vo.
Bktn City of Papeete, Berude, 32 days from :
Tahiti; pass and mdse. to J Plnet & Co.
Bktn W H Dlraond, Nilson, 16V4 days from
H-nolulu; pass i.nd . ugar, to 3 D Spreckels &
Bros Co. CVRmp
Brig W G Irwin, Williams, 15^ days from
Honolulu: sugar, to J D Spreckels & Bros Co
Brig Lurline, McLeod, 16 days from Kahulul
sugar, etc, to H F Allen.
Schr Transit. Jorgensen. 17 days from Hono
lulu: sugar, etc. to Williams. Dlmond & Co
Schr Mary Buhne. Ramselius. 4 days from
Eureka: 176 M ft lumber, to Chas Nelson
Schr Maxim, Olsen. 35 hours frm Caspar* 147
M ft lumber, to Caspar Lumber Co
200 M r Fortuna. Rosich. 4 days from Eureka;
200 M ft lumber, to McKay & Co
Bchr Monterey. Beck, 18 hours from Bowens
Landing; 150 M ft lumber, to F Hey wood.
CLEARED.
Monday, January 17.
Stmr Columbia, Conway, Astoria; O R A n
Co.
Schr Anna, Erratt. Mahukona; J D Spreck-
SAILED.
„ _ „ ' Monday, January 17.
Haw stmr San Mateo, Fletcher. Comox.
btmr Czarina, Seaman. Coos Bay
Stmr Homer, Jesßen. San Pedro.
Stmr ChJlkat. Dunham. Astoria, etc
Schr Nettle Low. Low. Point Reyes
Schr Gem. Olsen.. Coos Bay Kejes -
TELKGKAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS— Jan 17—10 p m —Weather
clear; wind NW; velocity 16 miles Weather
CHARTERS. "
The Alice Cooke loads mdse for Honolulu
SPOKEN.
i£^t2&££X&?- Sh ' At — • «*
Ba J .^VoV NSN S, n T n,e 3 v. ?' ,B, Br (or V ° f
Per Peru-Jan 14. passed a large three-mast
ed American ship. Impossible to make out sig
nals on account of darkness g
Per Peru-Jan 15-460 miles from San Fran
cisco Br ship Earl of Dunmore. from Antwerp
for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
H^Jho^^m^l^u^ JM 17 "°* r -« P
m BOWENS LAXDING-Sailed Jan 16-Schr
Monterey, lor San Francisco.
ASTORIA— SaiIed Jan 15— Stmr Geo W Eld
er, for Dyea.
ALBION— Arrived Jan 16— Stmr Cleone. hnce
Jan 15.
REDONDO— Palled Jan 17-Schr Dora Bluhm
for Grays Harbor. •
OLYMPIA-Sailed Jan 13 Mr Courtney
Ford, for San Pedro. ■ ,
_ TACOMA— Arrived Jan 17-Schr Comet, from
San Pe<lr/>.
REDOXDO— SaiIed Jan 17— Stmr Lagun*
D SE.\TTLE-Arrlved Jan 17-Stmr Noyor"fna
PORT HARFORD-Arrtve* Jan 17-Schr
Bmrbnra Hernster. - from Bowens Landing
ror'S^n^^ JM 17^ tmr P Lo^m.,.
henoi NN jj r an R ArrlVed Jan 17 ~ Stmr G
he?.ce RR A l7 ArrlVed Jan 17 Str North Fork.
fo? s L E lrd?o OD - saiied Jan i: - stmr — •
SALMON BAT-Salled Jan 17 - Schr Wewona
for N ewport .
_ POINT RETES-Passed Jan 17-Nor ■imr
Peter Jebsen. from Nanalmo for San Diego.
EASTERN PORTS.
CHARLESTON, S C— Arrived Jan Stmr
City of Everett, from Spain.
FOREIGN PORTS.
HONOLULU- Arrived Jan S— Bktn Geo C
Perkins, from Lady Elliot Island.
DEPARTURE BAY— Jan 17— Ship _
Slntram, lor San Francisco.
HONOLULU— Jan 7— Bark Edward
May, from New York. ;
To sail Jan S-UUtn Klikitat, for Pnget
Sound. _^
YOKOHAMA— Arrived Jan 16— stmr Do
ric, hence Dec 2S.
ISLE OF WlGHT— Passed Jan Nor jtmr
Transit . hence 1 tot 2S. .. ' ,_,' ' _
QUEENS'IOWN— .-ailed Jan 15— Br sMp Eu«
phrosyne. for Dublin.
NANAIMO- Sailed Jan 17— Bark Carrollton.
for San Francisco.
IMPORTATIONS.
TAHITI— Per City of Papeete — cocoa
nuts, 242 tons copra, 467 bags shells, 4 bbls
shells, 10 tins vanilla, beans, 103 bales fungus,
3 os vanilla beans. •..■-;■>■
HONOLULU— Per Transit— l6,l63 bgs sugar,
2 l)xs machinery.
HONOLULU— Per W H Dimond— 764l bags .
sugar, 2770 bags rice, 110 bass coffee, 70 bbls
whisky.
HONOLULU— Per W G Irwin— bags
sugar. 200 bags rice. 87 bi.B» coffee.
KAHULUI— Per Lurline— Sßl7 bags sugar. 64
bdls hides, 2 bxs mdse.
HONOLULU— Per Archer— l 6,939 bags sugar. .
174 ba^s coffee, 3 cs mdse.
HONOLULU— Albert— l4.9o3 bags sugar,
156 bags coffee.
HONGKONG, ETC— Per Peru— pkgs eof- .
fee. 10S9 pkgs bananas, 23 pkgs silk goods, 14
pkj,s. parcels, 572S pkgs wet aatqa, 1- pkg treas
ure, •,., pkgs pineapples. 620 pkgs oranges. 28
pkgs curios, 2opkgs oil. 4 pkgs raw silk. 116*
pkga tea, 4044 pkgs mdse. 13.142 pkgs rice. ..*.-■_ :..
Overland— 3o pkgs matting, 2S pkgs silk
goods. 21 pksrs parcels, 87 pkgs straw braid.
200 pkgs curios, 1549 pkgs raw silk, 404 pkgs
mdse. 40 pkgs rice, 300 pkgs waste silk. .
Central and South America— l 9 pkgs silK
goods, 30 pkgs mdse. 760 pkgs rice.
EUREKA— Per Pomona— 2 horses. 1 wagon,
20 pkgs express. 1 pk« coin, 9 bxs fish, 4 ca
shoes, 43 bxs butter. 6 crates shooks. 3 bdls
molding, 1 sk nuts. 244 bxs apples, 12 bdls
hides, 1700 M shingles, 2 pkgs muse. 72 M feet
lumber, 3 cs dry goods, % bbl sugar, 2 pkgs
rings, 1 cow, 2 cs hardware, 40 ska peas, 49
pkga mdse, 1 sk potatoes, 13 doors, 1 pkg Junk. -
1 cs drugs.
ER& E R R— sl hf-bxs 87 bxs fish. 87 bxs 1
keg butter. 1 cs B machine. 2 cs hardware, 6*
cs condensed milk. 17 pkgs mdse. 1 cs sport J
goods. 26 sks peas. 7 M shakes, 1 bbl cider. 1
cs liquor. 5 bbls salmon, IS2 bxs apples, 499 ska
potatoes, 3 sks lentils.
SAN DIEGO— Per Santa Rosa— 472 bxs or
anges. 322 bxs lemons, 200 sks abaione shells.
235 pkgs mdse, 16 bxs grape fruit. 69 bxs tan
garines, 4 cs shoes, 5 crates granite. 2 bdls
paper, 51 cs eggs, 5 bxs limes. 3 bbls beef and
pork, 29 pkgs dry fruit. 4 pkgs raisins. 1 cas«
olives. 63 sks abaione meat, 1" cs honey,. 2 cs
clocks, 1 keg butter.
Redondo— 64'bxs lemons, 179 bxs oranges, 2615
Bks barley, 4 sks chili, 4 cs honey. 26 pkgs
mdse, 9 pkgs cement, s cs beef and hams. 5 cs
mln water, 2 Nils leathi .
■Port Los Angeles-64 bxs oranges, 12 bxs to
matoes. 61 bxs lemons, 19 sks peas, 6744 sacks
barley, 9 cs china goods, 13 cs canned goods, 75
pkgs mdse. 5 fills blacking, 6 bxs butter. 4
bags beeswax, 1 keg wine.
Santa Barbara— l 7 pkgs mdse, 9 bbls mineral
water, I cs dry goods. 33 bxa lemons, 16 sacks
crawfish.
Port Harford— ska beans. 229 eks wheat.
65 ca eggs, 51 pkgs mils", 2 bxs fish, 1 cs game,
1 bbl 20 cans tallow, 63 pkgs green hides, . 13
pkgs dry hides. 1 sk hair, 1 sk wool, 429 bis •
apple*, 42 pkgs dry fruit. I." 1 - bxs butter. 7
bxs slot machines. 3 bdls S pelts, 1 coop chick- ■
ens.
TACOMA— Umatilla— B pkg9 mdse., 6 pica •
nut?, 152 bdls green hides, 67 sks beans. 1 lot
whalebone, 3 bdls dry hides, 900 bars bullion. ■
2610 sks wheat, 27 pkgs wrecking material.
Tacoma. west of Fargo— sks flour 3018
flks wheat. 1 cs baking powder. 2 pkgs mdse.
Everett — cs samples, 339 pkgs paper, 2100
bars bullion.
East of Fargo via Vancouver — sks flour,
21S bdls 13 cs 72 crates paper, 1 car lumber. 53
plates steel. 40 bbls starch. IS crates S trees,
3 bxs S trees, 14 bells shafts, 500 kegs nails, 98
cs axes, 1941 bxs tinplate, 1 bbl 57 bxs 97 kegs
bolts, 522 bdls Iron wire. 18 bathtubs, 137 bx»
W C seats, 65 crates \V C tanks, 24 pkgs mdse,
1 bx W C fittings, 5 cs brushes. 15 cs tinware.
159 cs hats, 2 cs slippers, 25 bdls leather, 2 bbl*
cement. 20 cs lamp fixtures, 55 bales cotton
duck, 10 cs tin spoons, 35 cs hardware, 3 hhda
253 cs 135 pkgs tobacco. 85 cs cigarettes, 11 C 3
boots and shoes. 3 cs medicine. 8 cs cigars,. 1
organ. 3 bxs shoe fittings, 1 cs slates, 15 Iron
trusses, 2 cs cigarette papers, . i bbls cement. 3
cc pianos, 4 pkgs olives, 8 lawn mowers, 2 bdls
handles, 29 ea axes, 20 sets harness.
Seattle— pkgs mdse, 31 bxs fish, 350 bdls
salt hides, 49 bdls calf hides. 19 bdls dry hides,
3 bdls deerskins, 160 sks 50 bbls rolled oats. 20 ;
cs smoked fish. 61 bdls 22 cs paper, 850 sks oats,
120 pcs iron pipe. 2499 sks oats, 55 sks bones, 75
bdls rope, 4260 sks wheat, 100 bxs herring-, 1000
bbls lime, 7 pkgs express. 2 sks coin.
Seattle ex G X Railway— soo hf-sks flour, 160
qr-sks 2060 sks flour.
Sumdum — 140 sks concentrates.
. Kllllsnoo— 2sso sks fertilizer. Vi bbl salmon, 1
kit herring.
Douglas Island— pkg bullion, 23 pkgs mda«.
Juneau — pkgs mdse.
Port Townsend — 160 bdls green hides. 1 bdl
dry hides. 1 cs canned goods.
Victoria— bbls whisky, 1 pkg express, 1 bag
coin. ;\v. v.
CONSIGNEES.
Per Pomona — A Zollezzi: American Union
Fish Co; A Paladini; B Calto; Cal" Fish Co;
E M Heckman & Co; G Camillont & Co; J B
Inguglla; J H Kessing; Milani & Co; X Taran
tino; Pac Coast Fish Co; Brfgham, Hoppe. &
Co; Baker & Hamilton; C E Whitney & Co;
Coburn. Tevis & Co: Dairymen's Union; E TL,
Allen; E R Stevens & Co; Getz Bros & Co: O"
Sanguinettl: Hills Bros; Kiggins & Collins; J
H Newbauer & Co; J C Lombard; J N Koor
ner; Miller, Sloss & Scott; Marshall & Reim-
I ers; Norton. Teller & Co; O B Smith & Co;
Ross & Hewlett; Standrard Oil Co; Wheaton,
Breon & Co: Western Union T Co: Wells, Far
go A Co; Main & Winchester; McKay & Co:
Pac Coast L ft M Co; R Sweasey & Co: Red-
Jngton & Co: S F Beack; W F Montgomery &
Co; P C S S Co; A L Bryan Shoe Co; Ballon
& Cosgrove: C Gotzian & Co: C Race; Eveleth
A- Nash; H O Greenhood: Nash & Boesseneck
er; G H Young; Gray & Mitchell; H & S Cora
Co; H Waldeck & Co; J Blackay: J H Dem
mlng; L Dinkelspiel & Co; J R Hanlfy & Co;
L Saroni A Co; Lev] Strauss & Co; Witzel &
Baker; H Dutard; McDonough & Runyon; J It
Moore A Co: H X Tllden & Co: Russ, Early &
Co; Marshall. Teggart & Co; G Berti & Co.
Per Transit — Williams, Dimond & Co; Hen-
I shaw, Buckley & Co.
Per Umatilla— Butterick Pub Co; Metter &
Gebhardt; C J Clausen; Dalton Bros; J L Erg
holz: Kuhls A S Co; Pac Bone, Coal & Fer Co;
Sunset Tel & Tel Co; S H Frank it Co; Geo W
McNear; T P H Whitelaw; H Dutard: Cum
mins Bros & Co; John M Pettigrew; Llevre.
Fricke- & Co; Spokane Grain Co: T Watson: 9
Stiefvater; G W Howard; Everett Pulp and
Paper Co: Selby Smelting & Lead Co: Gen
Electric Co: Buyer & Reich: Amer Biscuit Co:
A Zellerbach & Son; E H Howard: Judson
Mfg Co; J Demartinl ft Co: M Kitzmuller; U
S Government. Mare Island; Miller. Sloss &
Scott: Standard Oil Co; Wash burn-Moon Mfg
Co; Holbrook, . Merrill & Stetson; J H Kruger;
Magner Bros; Triest & Co; C H Meyer ft. Bros
5 J Friedlander; & Co- Buckingham & Hecht:
Anglo- Amer Glass & Crockery Co; J A Magea ■
Jr: Amer Tobacco; Calm. Nickelsburg & Co;
Langley & Michaels: G W Skirna, L X Butch
er; Adler & Greenhood; Sherman, Clay ft Col
C Shaul; Quiros Soda Water Co; G W Gibbs
6 Co; H Bohls & Co: Hooker & Co; Robert
Crooks & Co; Flint Carriage ft. Hardware Co;
Alex Cabral: A Paladini; Amer Union Fish
Co; Blssinger & Co; Craig. Stewart & Co: Duft
& Co; Kirby & Co; Q Camillonl A Co; Gold
stein & Co: Geo D Graham; H Ulzen: Milan!
& Co: J B Inguglia: J A Alien: Relchert & Co;
S P Milling Co; Thomas Louphran: W c Hin
ton; White Sewing-machine Co; II Cowell fy
Co; Wheaton, Breon & Co: W F Sawyer: H W
Higglns; Wells, Fargo & Co; Royal Milling
Co; Henry F Allen; San Francisco ('hem Co;
Bank of California: D N & E Walters: John
H Spohn; Neustadter Bros: J B Levison:
Per Santa Rosa— Dodge. Sweeney A: Co; J Ii
Howard; Dairymen's Union; Hills Bros; C F
Wright: Sawyer Tanning Co: Buffalo Brewery;
Dalton Bros; Bisstnger & Co; Getz Bros <t Co;
-1 Kirehmann & Co; Witzel & Baker; Labo<
Exchange; A Pallies: OB Smith A Co; Mar© 1
shall & Reimers; M T Freltas; Yon Ronn /£? f
Co: J H Newbauer & Co; A A Van Voorhie*:
5 Strauss: Ross & Hewlett: D E Allison A
Co; Sanford Bros; L G Sresovich A Co: C E
Whitney & Co: Cal Transfer Co; Sunset Tel A
T Co; Brigham, Hoppe A Co: American Union
Fish Co; G Camillonl A Co: Chas Jacobsen; II
Clifton; Slnsheimer Bros; Moore. Ferguson St
Co; Crown Distillery Co: I-ievre. Fricke * Co;
Carlson. Currier & Co; 3 Ivancovich & Co; A
Paladin! : Milani A Co: Sherwood A Sherwood;
G H T Jackson: J O Theil: J H Cain & Co;
Gray & Barbleri: Minaker & Wei banks: J "W
Goodwin: L Scatena & Co: Wolf & Sons; C A
Fisher: Xewmark & Edwards: Sherman. Clay
6 Co; M J Brnndenstein & Co: H O Green
hood: Gould & Jaudin; Amer Press Assn: A G
Benedict: Kohler & Chase; Wood. Curtis A Co;
Martin. Feusier & Co: Oregon Coal A Xav Co;
Ch Tetzen: Stelger & Kerr: Amer Wringer Co:'
M Walters A Co: M Lemcke; E J Shattucks
Goodyear Rubber Co: G W Sells: Murphy,
Grant & Co; Campodonico & Malcolm; Pag«
*• Son: D B Williams: C E Whitney & Co- R
C Nason A- Co: Oscar Lewis: Buckingham &
Hecht: S F Marble Co; Pal Fruit Co; Bell &
Co; H i") Greenhood: J Ivnncovich ft Co- c P
Blodgett: R Friedman: Mitchell A Goodall
Per Peru— Sperr" Flour Go; Ed Llchtenberg;
Macondrav ft Co; Daniel Greyer: J Ivancovich
A V Co V. £ L Poster & Co: M 3 Brandenstein & Col
MS Grlnhaum & Co; Eveleth ft Nash: L a
Sresovich .<: Co; R PSchwerin; Wetmore Bros!
London. Paris Amor Bank: G Abramson: Oar
ria A Mapi-mi: Bank of California; Chines*
and Japanese merchants.
Per Archer— Welch & Co: Williams, Dimond
ft I o.
Per Albert— Williams. Dimond *• Co: Otis,
McAllister i Cn; J D Spreckels & Bros Co. .
- Per I-urline— Henry F Allen. .
Per \V H .Dimond— .T D Snreckels ft Bro<- Cot'
..I B Grinbaum & Co; Hyman Bros; Crown
Distillery Co.
xc P r^Y G Irwin— J r» Pnreckels ft Bros Co:
ll *^5T}P hlyv . m & Co: Willliuns . Dimond & Col
M Phillips & Co.
<■ Per City of Papeete-J Plnet ft Co; Wilkens
A Co: Macondray ft Co: order.
SWISS-AMERICAN BANK
Of I^ocarno. Switzerland/and
CALIFORNIA MORTGAGE & SAVINGS BANK.
524 Montgomery street, San Francisco.
I'ald up capital «nd reserves' ten COO
bnil^mrSSf and C^^«cVai-BanVinA
Interest paid . on . snvln deposits /
Loans on approved real estate security and
on commercial pap«r. security ana
 , _ DIRECTORS:
EMJrtL^ cli n' A - «b«»rboro. J. C. Rued.
E. Martinoni. F. C. Slebe A - T,, en ..,, i It
Banner MoR R. Venaht^' J^Xxfr^
F. Kronenberg. Cha«. Martin C Oehret P.
Tognawini. S. Grandl, G. Rottan»l " €nr * t> *' ■MUST NOT
DO POLITICS
, • !
j
County Employes Are
Warned to Attend to
Their Business.
A Resolution That May Have \
a Meaning Between the
Lines.
Its Enforcement May Depend on the !
Nature of Its Infringe
ment.
» • :v; a
8 The time of daily service £>
8 for employes of the county **'
° is from 9A. M. to 5 P. M., £
and any appointees who
$ shall disregard the spirit of $ j
8 this resolution and shall 8
5 fail to be present and en- ®
|j* gage in the discharge of the 5*
q duties and work assigned ■*
8 to him shall, unless a suffi- 8
8 cient, proper and satisfac- &
w tory excuse be given • for **
$ such neglect, be forthwith w
Of discharged from public ser- #
& vice and his appointment 8
® canceled. &
» O
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. 17.
Thus did the Supervisors to-day
unanimously warn all their employes
that they must not neglect their work
during the coming months for the pur
pose of doing politics.
When the resolution was read no
names were mentioned, but it was re
cited that the law requires all the de
partments of the county government to
be kept open during certain hours, and
by Inference it was stated that in some
instances this law has been violated. A
statement follows that there are under
the direct supervision of the Supervt
many appointees who should be
at their posts so as to give the best ac
commodation and assist mcc to the gen
eral public, and it is at these that the
resolution is aimed.
This new rule of the board has been
varloi . ted at the county
buildings this afternoon. It includes all
the staff of the City and County
I ivlng Hospital, county
expert, additional department rU-rk.
courth >use gardening and engineering
Hid watchmen and af
altogether about forty p
Then ■ who think that there is
a Joker in the resolution and that its
Intent is to give a foundation for cer
tain changes that could not diplomat
ically lie madi> otherwise. It has no
bearing, of course, on the heads of de
partments, but it is known that many
complaints have been made in certain
quarters that the attention is not what
it should be; A few weeks aero pome new
rules were made for the government of i
the Receiving Hospital, and to-day's
proceeding is along the Bame line.
There ar^ many politicians in the cm
ii.rd of Supervisors and
now that politics are daily becoming
more active, there Is a general inclina
tion on the part of the "'ins" to neglect
their duties und go around town and
county repairing fences. Any one
caught doing this hereafter knows the
penalty, although there is a very gen
eral impression that the carrying- out
of the resolution will depend a great
deal on whose ox is gored.
BOARD OF TRADE
FAVORS PARKS
A Canvass of Members Shows
the Feeling on the Sub
ject.
Argument Before the Council and
Presentation of Opin
ions.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Jan. 17.
The Board of Trade has made a can
vass of many of its members for the
purpose of determining whether a ma
jority or not are in favor of continuing
the agitation for a public park. At to
night's meeting of the Council the result
of the canvass was submitted and showed
that about 70 per cent favor such an im
provement.
This effort was made by the board for
the purpose of being able to present an
opinion that would be honestly repre
sentative of Its membership. There are
about 400 members in the Board of
Trade and the minority of them are op
posed to parks because they consider
that there are other Improvements more
necessary at. this time. Those who op
pose the movement submitted their rea
sons for doing so, and these' reasons
fairly represent the opinions of the mem
bers who object to spending large sums
of public money for land at the present
time. Taxes are said to be high enough
THE GREATER UNIVERSITY.
Professor William Carey Jones Outlines a Plan for Berkeley's
Advancement.
The programme for an international competition of architects, whereby it is
designed to obtain a plan for the complete and permanent architectural improve
ment ami arjornment of our university grounds, has been published to the *' orl^-
With the launching of this enterprise it would he well If the students individ
ually or as a body, were to become fully conscious of its scope and import.
What is designed for the University of California in this project for an ar
chitectural plan? There is designed a noble home for a noble university— a
home of larger !ifo for a university of larger scope. Beautiful forms in art
are to match beautiful forms in nature. Aspiring minds are to find ideals that
will lift them above themselves. Education 1b to be refined; character is to be
ennobled; science and philosophy are to be exalted; art is to find Its new home
in the seat of all the knowledges; spiritual influence is to pervade the heart
and core of all our manifold life.
The rerjr Inception of this plan means a fuller and more pregnant life for
the University of California, Rnd the student or professor who fails to realize
this loses from his current experience a large and ennobling factor. To the man
of faith and imagination, the plowed field and the seeding time are as beautiful
and inspiring aa the time of bursting germs, verdant spring, bountiful summer
and refulgent autumn. Every season has its harvest for the prescient mind.
Breathe the life of hope and loyalty. Realize that we are enjoying the
things that our predecessors, or we in earlier dayß, planned and planted for us.
They strove with confidence and Joy, feeling the glow of endeavor and the
satisfaction that the fruits of their work would bless the generations to come.
Let us in all things be equally sanguine, hopeful and joyful in devising the
forms and features of the coming days. Read the programme. Observe the
scope of it, see the motive, comprehend the tendency. Believe in the goodnesß
and purity and beauty of things. Understand that the plan aims at things of
the intellect, of the spirit, of the soul, and aid, by your faith, and your work*, in
MHrl » to its highest aim the fullest re alization. WM. CAREY JONES.
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
°fa P revas l'ng conditions: streets are
eala to be in need of repairs, and some
♦ uVOILu VOI L the of the <"ity Hall and
V, c ,° ulId tng of a handsome municipal
pile before parks are bought.
Several members and directors of the
Board of Trade appeared before the
Council in support of the park proposi
tion and declared that the fact of Oak
la ml having no park having been so ex
tensively advertised it now becomes im
perative to remedy the evil.
MRS. GIVEN'S AFFIDAVIT.
Swears That She Was Forced to \
Sign a Note to Save Her
Husband.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— Several more affi
davits were filed to-day In the case of
Margaret A. Given vs. Henry C. Morris
et al., to cancel and annul a note and
mortgage for (3600, alleged to have been
secured under threats. They all denied
the statements contained in those filed
last week. Those filed to-day were made
by Mrs. Given, T. B. Pheby Jr. and
Joseph Pheby.
Margaret A. Given deposes that she has
i never said to Mrs. Palmanteer or any one
| that the note and mortgage were Just
i claims against her or that she owed the
Morrises anything, or that she knew her
husband had obtained money from them.
"On the contrary, the note and mort
gage were extorted by the Morrises
through the threat of Mr. Morris Sr.
that he would send my husband to the
State prison for forgery if I did not ex- ,
I ecute the note and mortgage, and I never
knew of the existence of the 'old note
upon which my name was forged until
July 12. when the Morrises called at my
house with it and told me they held the
note against me and my husband. 1 never
knew until that momentof my husband
ever having any business with the Mor
' rises."
OaKland News Items.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— Ex-Manager D. 8.
Vernon of the Oakland Theater has lost
his suit against XV. J. Spencer, its les- !
1 see, for $40 per week salary, claimed to
be due under a year's contract.
John E. Bennett, who will soon leave
; for the East to lecture on behalf of the
■ Alaska Trade Committee, gave an illus
trated lecture In California Hall to-night.
Helen 1.. Kelly, superintendent of the
Associated Charities, appeals to the pub
j lie to give deserving men with families
I to support a chance to earn a day's
I wages.
A meeting of the Union Reform League
i will be held Tuesday evening at the
i First Congregational Church.
F. P. Fisher asked for fees when called
before Judge Ogden as a witness in the
estate of J. F. Heslng. He claimed to '
have been in a dentist's chair with a gag !
j in his mouth when summoned, but the
! Judge refused the request.
Miss Annie Avers, a daughter of Special
Officer Ayers, of 837 Jackson street, dis-
I appeared last Friday from where she
was working saying she was to be mat.
I ried in San Francisco, and has not been
i seen since. Her parents knew nothing
of the affair.
Benjamin B. Layton, a well-known and
highly esteemed citizen of this city, died
at an early hour this morning, aged M
years. Ho leaves two sons, Charles A
and George A. Layton.
; Arthur Brown, a retired civil engineer.
has been chosen as expert to examine
the proposed plans for the Webster*
I street bridge by the Board of Super-
I visors.
Popular Musicians Married.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.-Miss Mary Tsabel
Sullivan and Walter Galbraith Langdon.
two well-known young people, were
united in marriage this evening at the
residence of the Rev. Robert F. Coyle
that gentleman officiating. Both arc
members of the First Presbyterian
Church and singers in the choir. Miss
Sullivan is a soprano of considerable
ability, and is very popular in musi. al
circles. The groom is an expert account
ant and is widely known. Only a few
intimate relatives were present.
THOUGHT TO BE DROWNED.
Overturned Boat of a Berkeley
DucK Hunter pound in the
Bay.
BERKELEY, Jan. I?.— Harry Moreom,
I better known as Harry Verlelli, is sup
posed i" hii\r- been drowned in the bay
off the West Bc-rkf'.< y shore, and a num
ber of West Barkeleyans have
: searching tho beach and dragging the bay
■ for hia body all day. The missing young
I man was 22 years of age, and lived" with
' his parents at 831 University avenue.
Last Baturday young Morrom went out
i in a boat to hunt ducks. He did not re
turn Saturday night, and nothing has
bf>n heard of him since. This morning
I his boat war found overturned, tied to a
pile near Fleming Wuait. The parents
! feel sure their son has .»een drowned, and
! are grief-stricken in consequence.
THE COLLEGE OF COMMERCE.
I Its Establishment Urged as the
Legal Duty of the Regents,
BERKELEY. Jan. P.— Secretary Davis
j this afternoon s»-nt to each of the Board
j of Regents a copy of the report of the
committee on the college of commerce,
which was received by the board at its
me ting last Saturday. The committee
! consisted of Regents Rodg^rs, Halladle
and Marye, and the report, besides urging
the establishment of the college of com
1 mc-rce and the selection of a professor in
j the college, gives an exhaustive account
of the experience of other communities in
: advanced commercial education.
The report urges the establishment cf
: a college of commerce an a duty of th>;
1 Regents, as provided in the organic act
of i"^. which states Th<- university shall
have for its design to provide instruction
i and complete education in all the depart
ments of science, literature, art, industrial
; and professional pursuits and general ed
uc&tfon and also special courses i>f in
struction in agriculture, the mechanic
. arts, mining, military science, civil engi
neering, law, medicine and commerce, and
', shall consist of various colleges.
"Aside from the duty and the general
policy which require the organization of
a college of commerce." states the report,
■ "our situation and our development ur
gently demand it."
The Regents will take action at their
February meeting on thi« report of the
committee on the college of commerce.
Students Will Not Parade.
BERKELEY, Jan. 17.— ihe cadets of
the university battalions decided to-day
not to take part in the Jubilee parade next
Monday In San Francisco. Lieutenant
Clomari submitted the proposition to
parade to the students during the drill
hour, but upon rollcall It was found that
only a small portion of the students were
willing to turn out.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
MANY GIFTS
TO FRIENDS
Mrs. Martin Gives the
Unitarian Church
an Organ.
Only Five Dollars for Any One
Who Disputes the
Legacy.
The Decedent's Relatives Now Live
In Many Parts of the
World.
Oakland Office Pan Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Jan. 17.
The will of Miss Maria I. Martin was
filed this afternoon and her estate,
valued at $120,000, is divided amnnp;
relatives, friends and charities. The
will was made last November by Miss
Maria Martin, and the Herricks of this
city, the First Unitarian Church and
Fahiola Hospital are all liberally re
membered.
The bequests are as follows: Colin
Ross, five shares San Francisco Sav
ings Union; Mrs. Colin Ross, the
dwelling at 1076 Sixteenth street, with
all the silverware, as well as ten shares
San Francisco Pavings Union. The
beneficiaries reside in many parts of
the world, including the Argentine Re
public and Great Britain. They are
Gualferta Martin and children. Wil
liam Archibald, London, England;
George Harrison, Edinburgh, Scot
land; John Archibald, Mrs. Katie Mor
timer, Miss Annie Harrison, John Wil
liam Peat, Robert H. Peat and Miss
Ellen H. Addley, all of whom receive
shares of Savings Union stock.
Cash legacies are made to Miss
Laura Frank, $2000; Miss Theodore
Loessel, $2000; to the Fist Unitarian
Church of this city $2000 for the pur
pose of buying an organ. This legacy
is qualified with the remark, "If the
validity of this bequest is questioned,
the legatee who does the objecting is
to be cut off with $r.." Miss Annie
Sheehan for kindness to the friend of
the deceased, Mrs. Jane Flint, is to re
ceive $1000. Shares of the Pacific Gas
Improvement Company are bequeathed
to Mrs. Annie Mem of Edinburgh,
Scotland: Colin Ross, Herbert Ross,
the Misses Alice F., Lucy A., Bertha
F., Margaret C. and Annie M.
Herrick and Mrs. Florence Herrick-
Requa receive ten shares apiece. Mrs.
Mary McGalvery, matron of the San
Francisco Ladles' Protection . and Re
lief Society, and her assistant. Miss
M. W. Troy/bridge. are given five
shares apiece. Mrs. Mary Ann and the
Misses Nellie and Annie Botevyle of
London are given fifteen shares each.
William Orchard and Mrs. A. A. I'.as
ford receive legacies and the residue of
the estate is to be given to Fabiola
Hospital, Ladies' Relief Society and
San Francisco Children's Hospital.
Robert Henderson Peat, Mrs. Mary P.
Herrick Ross, with C. O. <J. Miller as
an alternate, are named as executors
without bonds.
Miss Martin was an elderly maiden
lady who had lived in Oakland many
years and had long been an attendant
upon the Unitarian church, in com
pany with her sister, Mrs. Flint, who
died som<» six months ago. Both of
these ladies were the nieces of John
An-hibald, a capitalist, who left his
estate to them when he died, some five
<>r six years ago. Mr. Archibald came
to California in ISSO, having previously
resided In Montevideo and Buenos
Ayrep, and his sisters had also resided
in South America. John Archibald was
nr.e of the founders Of the San Fran
cisco Savings Union, and his fortune of
$80,000 or $190,000 was the product of
genuine Scotch thrift persevered in for
many years.
RELIANCE BOXING.
Several Good Settos at the Oak.-
land Athletic Club.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The gentlemen's |
night at the BeUaooa <"!ui> produced
some flrst-chiss boxing and the decisions
met general satisfaction. Tli>- large
gymnasium was packed and a big con
tingent came over from San Francisco.
Billy Hughes was the referee and Billy
Jordan master "t ceremonies.
Charlie Tye and J<»- Walton and F. W.
i>Hi_-'H>d and J. Sullivan figured In th>- pre
liminaries. Then Mr. Jordan Introduced
Tony Williams and Fred Maynard. They
wre very evenly match* ■ ! and the de
cision was a draw. George Baker and
Jack McMahon next m<t for eight
rounds. McMahon did all the leading
and finished k 1 and strong and was
giv^n th^ decision, nno of Maker's sec
onds objected, but everybody approved
the decision, whicli was fair and iust.
The main event of the evening was the
eight-round go between Bill] Decourcy
of L«os Angeles ami Marty McCue <>f New
Y<>rk. McCue was seen t<> be the best
man from the start. U>' had things his
own way, and it was plain that it was
only through courtesy he did not knock
his opponent out. McCue H"t the decis
ion, being far .away the best man.
Before entering the ring McCue an
nounced that if he won he would fight
any one on the coast for HOO. Tho chal
lenge was accepted on behalf of Jln»ny
Lawler.
Resulted in a Reconciliation.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— The late attempt
of Mr?. L. Grant Llttlefleld to end her
existence while in a fit of despondency
has resulted in a complete reconcilia
tion between her and her husband. Mrs.
Llttlefleld was found in a room in the
Henry House one night nearly asphyxi- I
ated by pas. Physicians were called and i
hor husband, from whom she had born
separated for some time, was summoned
It was strenuously denied that she had at
tempted suicide, but it was learned that
she had had an interview with her hus
band earlier in the evening at which an
attempt at reconciliation tailed. It has
now been learned that the couple have
"made up."
Belle Avala Missing.
OAKLAND, Jan. 17.— The family of J
S. Avala of Claremoat avenue and Mar
tin street, Temeaeal, i» greatly distressed
over the disappearance of a 19-year-old
daughter. Miss Belle Avala. who left
home last Thursday and has not bi en
s. . d by any of her family or friends
since. She came to Oakland with lira
L. Cook, and after doing nuitip shopping
left her at the corner of Klghth and
Jackson streets. No trace of her move
ments since that time has been found
She told Mrs. Cook that she had a pro.
posal of marriage and hud taken a week's
time to consider it. No name was men
tioned in this connection.
An Allowance of Eighty Cent*.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17— Mrs. Kate O.
Browcr attempted to secure an increase
of her alimony from $5 to HO a month
to-day, but Judge Ogden refused to give
her more than 80 cents additional. This
Is for neoeeaary ferry tare to visit her
children four times a month.
Unearthed a Skeleton
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— George Walker
an employe of Walter Morosco, unearthed
a skeleton Friday while clearing away
the earth preparatory to erecting a shed
The fao-«lmile y^T ss&sr *%*** ** on every wrapper
signature of Cm//jT^&&^ ©* CASTOEIA.
The bones Indicated a full-grown man
and had been in the earth for some
yen rs. Nothing was found to indicate
that a coffin had been used or a grave
stone of any kind erected to mark the
spot. No clothing or jewelry was found
to indicate whose corpse it might have
been. The grewsome discovery has not
yet been reported to the Coroner's of
fice.
NEW LEAGUE ORGANIZED.
To Do Away With Partisanship in
Municipal Matters— Many
Members Join.
ALAMEDA. Jan. 17.— An organization
called the Municipal League has been
formed in this city, and its first meeting
was neld on Saturday night last. It
came into existence without being herald
ed through the press, and for a time at
least will work very quietly and unos
tentatiously. It expects, however, to play
a prominent part in the city election in
1899. The principle* of the club, as an
nounced by it. are as follows:
"The nomination and election of honest
and competent persons to the various of
fices of the city of Alameda. without re
gard to party affiliation. The mainte
nance of the referendum principle in mu
nicipal politics. The approval or disap
proval and criticism of the acts of munici
pal officers. The discussion of any and
all matters affecting the good and well
being of the municipality."
The roll is open for signatures, and al
ready a number of prominent citizens
have joined. It is a requisite that anyone
signing the roll must not be a member of
any other political party or club, and
must not vote at any other primary ex
cept that of this league. The Good Gov
ernment Club, which has done such good
work at t!i" two last city campaigns, is
still in pood order, and Is working on
similar line?. Exactly the reason for the
new organization is not at present appa
rent.
THROUGH A WINDOW.
Fatal JutT)p of John Lawhorn
While Delirious.
OAKLAND. Jan. 17.— John "William
Lawhorn jumped through a third-atory
window of the East Bay Sanitarium this
evening and <!ied two minutes after being
picked up from the sidewalk.
Lawhorn ha.- been living in Oakland for
several months and has been a confirmed
invalid. He came from Visalla with his
family and has been cared fur almost
since bis arrival by the ladies of the First
>terian Church. His family con-
I of a wife and three daughters and
•on who reside on Market street.
At">ut two years ago, while residing in
la Lawhorn fell from a huy wagon
onto a pitchfork, lie was struck over
th« heart and since that time he has been
subject to attacks of heart failure. After
his arrival in Oakland he was' attacked
with pneamanla and for several days "past
be has been unconscious. Be was sent
to the East Bay Sanitarium by the
chun-h ladles and was in charge of a
nurse. This afternoon Lawhorn was still
nsclous and became very delirious.
Efls DUrse was In '"on.stant attendance.
but while she was opening a door the pa-
Uent sprang out of 1 cd.
The nurse rushed to tne delirious man.
who made straight tor the window. It
was open a little, and the maniac, quick
as lightning threw it up and Jumped
through onto the sidewalk.
Lawhorn landed on his shoulders and
the fearful fall broke his neck and his
back and fractured >>ther bones. When
picked m> be was siill gasping, but he
in as be was carried Into the
sanitarium. The patl< at had never shown
any maniacal V before, and his
ro •.••imms to the window were so quick
they < ovid r.iT be pr rented.
I)r. Kron, who Is In charge of the sani
tarium, says t!i-- ■ •■ was in the room,
with the door open, when Lawhorn
rushed to the window.
Th<- ! was 42 years of age and
his family is complet< ly destitute.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. Jan. 17 -President Mar-
I l n.: ; «.f the -senior class at the
university has called a meeting of the
:"<>r n<-xt Wednesday afw-rnoon to
• Let offlcm for tho coming term. At the
meeting the final report «>f '»s Hlue and
Gold will also be submitted.
W. C. Blasdell will speak h<-for« the
chemistry section of the Science Associa
tion at the university next Thursday
afternoon on "Some Products of Califor
nia Pines."
Oil el SI Jf Davis of the university to
day received the seals Of th« tight differ
ent colleges at Berkeley— the colleges of
letters, social sciences, natural sc..
agriculture, mechanics, mining, civil en
■ :njr and chemistry.
Joseph Lavigns and William Foy signed
articles to-day for an eight-roand nght
the Beacon Athletic Club at West
Berkeley on February .*.
Frank N. Taylor, who was for twenty
n shears an engineer In the employ of
the Central and Southern Paclflc, died
rday afternoon in West Berkeley.
He was a natlv« of Vermont, D 4 years of
age. lie was transferred t<> the Weal
Berkeley local after running for a score
of years on the Sacramento division.
Carnot Debaters Chosen.
I'.V.HKKI.KY. Jan. 17.— < U-.>rn» rinrk, '9S.
Alfred Dannennaum, '98, and Ralph C.
I, 'H, were selocted this evening to
.-. Nt the University of California in
the Carnot debate with Stanford. There
intestants in the Anala, and the
selection of debaters was made by Pro
■ Bacon and Hengstler and Joseph
•mr of Hastings Law College. The
ful candidates were C v.. Fryer,
C K. Osbome and A. L. Marks. Fryer
was selected first substitute.
Baseball Practice Begins.
HERKKLEY, Jan. 17.— «. dozen eandi
diitt-s for battery positions on the uni
versity baseball nine, began practice on
th>- Berkeley diamond this afternoon. The
men who turned rut were: Pitchers -
Freeman. Sims, Kuster. Eaton, Mallom
and Kern; catchers— Mem, Hunter, John
son Foster, Dean «nd Mott. coach
Cochran will be here to take charge of
the work on February 20.
Glee Club Manager Elected.
HKRKKT.KY, Jan. 17.— Hugh M. Web
ster. 'H, was elP'ted manager of the Tni
versity i'A^i- Club this afternoon. T. L.
Blston was elected secretary and L.
A I'icotte was chosen librarian.
p. X- Krau ln Seriously 111.
AT,\MKr>A. Jan. 17.- F. K. Krauth. the
veteran retired Journalist and former edi
tor of the oldest paper in this county, was
taken suddenly and seriously ill late on
Saturday night with heart failure and
congestion of the lungs. He was very
sick all day yesterday, but has been a lit
tle better to-day. He has not been in
good health for some time past, and his
condition has been aggravated by the long
illness of his Wife, who sustained a Berl
ous fracture of th« hip several months
ago and is still confined to her bed.
A New Portuguese Lodge.
DANVILL.E. Jaa. 17.— Council Danville
No 33 U. P. K. C, was orKanized at
Danville, Contra Costa County, to-day.
Supreme President A. F. Cunha offlci
ated accompanied by La. J. Martin, su
preme seretary; A. J. Pine, supreme
marshal, and JCSSe H. Woods. Kopreme
guard. Many members of neighboring
council* attended. Among th. m were
Manuel Stone of Council No. 1 (editor of
the Portuguese Journal A Patiia), M
Fraga of Benlcla, T. Souza, president of
r.l Council No. 2'i; Frank A. Noya
Of •"■mncil No. 1, an-! M. Sllva of No. 8 of
Pleasanton. Tho following officers were
.1 and Installed: President. A. J.
Martin; vice-president. J. L. Bispo; se«»
retary, Josepfl McCiel; treasurer, M. .1.
Medina; master of <'eromon!es. A. C.
Mendouca; guard. B. L. Bispo; marshal,
M. J. Peter. After the installation a
grand d'nner awaited all at tho Dan
ville Hotel.
In the Tolls.
I. Botwln, who gives his occupation as
a merchant, was charged with abduction
last evening by H. M< Murray, at the
instigation of Rosl* Jackson, the rom
plalnlng witness. It is alleged that Bot
win is a lady's tailor, and offered prnm
f marriage and neatly cut wearing
apparel djroTidlng the young lady would
share his home: but the prisoner says the
girl If persecuting him for reasons known
to herself.
SAN LEANDRO
IS ANXIOUS
The Cannery Question to
Be Decided Next
Wednesday.
Wealthy Men Not Doing Any
More Than Are the
Preachers.
The Ten Thousand Dollars Still a
Lontj Way From Beituj
Raised.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, Jan. IT.
A meeting that means much to the
future of San I^eandro is to be held In
that town on Wednesday evening next.
It is the final gathering of the citizens
to decide the question as to whether
the town shall have a cannery or
whether the movement shall be aban
doned.
For several weeks the committee In
charge of the scheme has been trying
to raise a bonus of $10,000 with which
to approach cannery ownt-rs seeking to
locate at. San Leandro. A great deal of
interest has been aroused, and many
subscriptions have been promised, but
the encouragement has not been what
was expected, nor has it come from the
very quarters in which it might be sup
posed the most substantial donations
would be given.
Rev. Father McAvoy, the parish
priest, and Rev. Barton Berry, the
Presbyterian minister, have worked en
ergetically for the furtherance of the
project. They have contributed liberally
according to their means, and have per
suaded many others to do likewise. The
public schools have also borne part of
the burden, but there is still much more
than half the required amount to be
raised.
Some of the citizens have been look
ing into the state of affairs, and they
have discovered that tht? wealthy resi
dents who own a good portion of the
town and have a lucrative interest in
another portion have not done what
the people have a moral right to sup
pose they would do. It is recounted
that Rev. Mr. Berry, with a salary Of
$7,-> a month, has promised as much as
Banker Farelly, wh-; !s interested in
several capitalistic schemes, and who
is generally raU -d as a millionaire.
Father McAvoy. anxious to see the lit
th- town go ahead, has contributed
equally with L. <\ Morehouse, the
wealthy banker and State Equalizer,
and Socrates Huff, the president of the
local bank, has done no better. It was
thought when the scheme started that
these wealthy people would be the
main contributors, but public expecta
tions have bt-en disappointed.
In San Leandro at the present time
it is said there are about eighty vacant
houses, and a permanent cannery
would bring enough residents to fill
th^m. As most of the houses are under
some obligation to th& local capitalists
the citizens think that more encourage
ment should be given to the cannery
movement in proportion to the wealth
of the contributors.
Wednesday evening the matter will
be brought up, and it will be decided
whether the affair is to be a success or
not.
WELBURN ABSENT.
ScQsatlotjal Canard Tfjat I-Je Had
Been Indicted by tf}e United
States Grand Jury.
An evening paper printed yesterday
afternoon under a scare head a state
ment to the effect that Ex-Collector Wel
burn had been indicted by the United
States Grand Jury and that Special
Apent Thrasher had gone to Amarilla
Tex., with ■ warant for his arrest.
The interesting thing about the state
nunt is that it is not true. Welburn has
not been indicted. Special Agent Thrash
er did not have a warrant for him. Ho
<i;d not go t>> Tfx.is and was not in
search <>f Welburn at ail. Mr. Thrasher
was examining the internal revenue of
tlces In the southern part of California,
PLUG TOBACCO
(CHAMPAGNE FLAVOR)
INCREASED Jk f%O/
IN SIZE
The picture shows the exact increase that
has been added to the 5-cent piece. No in-
crease in price
The biggeat bargain in tobacco to-day is
one of these new pieces of PIPER HEIDSIECK.
Try one.
««»-* -V- 'U^'O
Auction Sales
£* £* £**
OCCIDENTAL HORSE EXCHANGE,
225 TEHAMA STREET.
THURSDAY.
Thursday Evening January 20,
COMBINATION SALE OF
Thoroughbred Racehorses!
INCLUDING:
Imp. Sain, Duke of Norfolk and ten of his
get: Chappie, Hallelujah. Vanish, Wood-
chopper, E. J. Sherley. Chas. L* Bel. St.
Phillip. Billy Vice. Metalre, Darechoto and
■ sons of St. Carlo, and twenty others.
Catalogues now ready. Address
\VM. G. LAYNG & CO..
Live Stock Auctioneers.' 313 Bush street.
as he Is by law reciuire«l to do. and he did
not go outside the borders of this State.
HER IDENTITY
IS ESTABLISHED
The Young Woman Who Com
mitted Suicide in Los Ange
les Was Mary Hegle.
Charles Raabe of the Park House In
the Mission Was Her Stepfather
and Notified the Police.
The Identity of the young woman who
committed suicide in Los Angeles Janu
ary 3 by swallowing a dose of carbolic
acid was made known yesterday and
Chief Lees' wired the information to the
chief of police there.
She went under the name of * Mrs.
Gladys Harris in Los Angeles and in
Denver, where she had been living before
going to the former city, her husband be
ing Charles Harris, a dry goods clerk.
Yesterday morning Charles Raabe of
the Park House, Twenty-fourth and Mis
sion streets, called upon Chief Lees and
said that he had seen the dispatch In the
morning papers a few days ago about the
death of Mrs. Harris in Los Angeles. She
was his stepdaughter, and her name was
Mary Hegle. Her mother died May 27,
last year. At that time she was keeping
company with Charles Harris, a clerk
In the Chicago Clothing House. Harris
left the city about a year ago and she
left shortly afterward to join Harris. He
had not heard of her from that time un
til he saw her death mentioned in the
newspapers.
From the dispatch it appeared that
jealousy drove the young woman to com
mit suicide. "While she and Harris were
living in Denver she attempted to com
mit suicide by swallowing carbolic acid,
but as she had eaten a hearty meal
shortly before the poison did not have
the desired effect and her life was saved.
Her stepfather did not know whether
she had been married to Harris, and
The :
Sweetest Girl :
WE EVER SAW DRANK (
Blatz |
(
The r>
STAR ■-<£*£* f»
Milwaukee 1 JLWI
If her sweetness came from drinking
Blatr, we do not know, but we DO
KNOW that many a dull-eyed, pale ,
and poor-complexioned woman has ,
been transformed into a bright-eyed,
rosy-cheeked and clear-complexioned
woman by drinking Blatz*
Call for Blatz.
See that Blatz" is on the Cork
VAL. BLATZ BREWING CO.
MILWAUKEE, WIS., U. S. A.
Louis Cahen & Son, Wholesale Dealers,
416-418 Sacramento St., San Francisco.
Telephone Main 416.
Great Thoroughbred and Trotting
£a Brood Mare Sale, *»
THIS DAY.
TUESDAY JANUARY 18, 1898,
At 10 O'clock a. m., at
Salesyard, Cor. Van Ness Aye. and Market St,
PALO ALTO STOCK FARM
Having: decided to consolidate all Its horse-
breeding Interests at that location, it be-
comes necessary to dispose of
Fifty Head of Running and Trotting
Bred Mares at Public Auction
On the above date. Among the thoroughbred
mart-s are some of the noted animals, which
have made the farm famous. These mares are
all stinted to Flambeau. Racine, Flood, Imp.
Mariner and Imp. Loyalist, stallions in service
at the farm. The trotting mares are by Elec-
I tioneer, Azmoor. Piedmont, Electricity. Nut-
I wood, Dexter Prince. Paola. etc.. and stinted
to such noted young sires as Monaco, Adver-
| tiser, Wildnut. Stephen and the Russian stal-
[ lion Verbovstchik. a number of these mares
! are well broken and will make admirable road-
sters If not desired for breeding. Several choice
roadster geldings will be offered at the same
time. The horses will be at salesyard. SUN-
! DAY, January 16th. where they may be seen
until day of sale. Catalogues ready, Saturday.
January 8. The running mares will be sold at
beginning of sale.
• KILLIP & CO.. Live Stock Auctioneers,
11 Montgomery at., S. F.
HACKNEY, CARRIAGE AND
SADDLE HORSES!
At conclusion of Palo Alto sale we will
sell several head of HACKNEY. CARRIAGE
AND SADDLE HORSES, thoroughly broken
to ride or drive. They can be seen at yard,
corner Van Ness avenue and Market street,
until day of sale.
KILLIP & CO.
from the dispatch recently published it
seemed that no marriage ceremony had
ever taken place.
For Jew ar)d Gerjtlle.
Dr. S. S. Cryor will deliver a free lec
ture to-night to Jews and Christians in
Cambrian Hall, 1133 Mission street. Ow
ing to the world-wide Zionist movement
(who are agitating for the return of the
Jews to Palestine) these lectures are
proving of great interest to all. The pub
lic is invited.
y^*^ Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A A^Jfn (>25 KliittSV ST. Established
MHl^^MB ln 1*34 for treatment of Private
*2 .XrMßlu I'i.spascs. Lost Manhood. Debility or
M ygSjZJ59(!h disease wearingon bodyand mind and
%JM^BW^ra •• — ■ '< 1r 1 Diseases. The doc tor cures when
J^UHaMn:i;r;^fu>l. Try him. Charges low.
i^griWrnrml *" 1 — " — m* — Callorwrite.
Dr. J. W. oIBBON, Box 1957. 5 an Francisco.
iWlilil'JilHllfl
SHAVE YOU Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper- O
Colored Spots, Aches. Old Sores. Ulcers I
in Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK REM- ■
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI-
CAGO, ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ft
m Jo*iu.OOO. . Worst cases cured In 15 to 35 days. ■
RJ 100-pag-e book free. ■
gq^*ULiJiJWJmiuMJtJWiii^^
i OCEAN TBAVEL.
PACIFIC COAST STEAMSHIP CO.
Steamers leave Broadway wharf ,/teflft.
San Francisco, as follows: 45SSEK
For ports In Alaska, 9 a. m., Jan. 1. 6, 11. 18.
21, 28, SI, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B. C), Port Town-
send. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Ariacortes and
New "Whatcom (Bellingham Bay, Wash.), 9
a. m.. Jan. 1, 6, 11, 16, 21. 26, 31, and every
fifth day thereafter, connecting at Vancouver
with C. P. Ry.. at Tacoma with N. P. By., at
Seattle with Great Northern Ry., and com-
pany's steamer for Alaska.
For Eureka ■ (Humboldt Bay), steamer Po-
mona. 2 p. m., Jan. 1. 5, 10, 14. IS. 22. 29, 31.
Feb. 4. 8. 12, 16, 20. 25. 29.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon. Ca-
yucos. Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo), Gavi-
ota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, . Hueneme, San
Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a.m., Jan. 1, 6, 9, 13. 17, 21, 25, 29.
and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Oblspo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11
a. m.. Jan. 3. 7. 11, 15, 19, 23. 27. 31, and every
. fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Joss del
i Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa Ro-
ralla and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., Jan. 6 and
Id of each month thereafter.
The Company reserves the right to change
without, previous notice steamers, sailing dates
and hour* of salllnir. , , , ---.■■>.-,.■.-.■".>•. ■■>.-, .■.-.■".>•
TICKET OFFICE— Palace Hotel. 4 New
Montgomery st.
GOODALL. PERKINS ft CO.. Gen. Agts.
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street "Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARF *•"> F'rst Class Including Berth
TAULi $2.50 2cl Clnss and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California Jan. 13
Columbia Jan. IS
Through tickets and through baggage to all
Eastern points. Rates and folders upon appli-
cation to F. F. CONNOR. General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
• _^ Superintendents.
©HPHIIIII ps Australia.
ISHfIIL or HONOLULU only
rft" •■■• Tuesday. Jan. 25. at
M .'."". I p. m. Special party
Sl^msjlin J rates S,S. ALAMEDA
The S.S. ALAMEDA
G)lCfl!IDIIIU v eanß vta HONOL.C-
/nrnrapiu lv and attor^-and
\wi!|f/ui«p tor SYDNEY. Thura-
■' "• ' day, Feb. 8, at 3p. m.
» Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. EFRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agent*.
114 , Montgomery Street.
Freight Office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantiqas.
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier tnewj. 42 • North f-~nr
River, foot of : orton st. Travelers < TfTiT>
by this line avoid both transit by™*»&
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria. Egypt, via l*arl». first class 1160.
second class $116.
LA 13P.KTAGNE December 11, 10 a. m.
LA OABCOONB December 18. 10 a. m.
LA NORMANDIB December 25, 10 a. m.
i LA CHAMPAGNE ...January 1. 10 a. m.
i LA BRETAGNE January 8. 14 *. u>
For further particulars apply to
A. FORGET. Agent.
No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FITGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
eve.. San Francisco.
STOCKTON STEAMERS
Leave Pier No. 3, Washington St., at 3
. p. m. Daily. -" -' ■ ■
FREIGHT RECEIVEU UP TO 5:30 P. M.
- Accommodations reserved by telephone.
The only line selling through tickets and glv-
Ing through freight rates to all points on the
Valley Railroad.
STEAMERS:
T. C. WALKER. J. D. PETERS.
MARY GARRATT. CITY OF STOCKTON.
Telephone Mi. in SO5 Cal. Nay. and Impt. Co.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer " Monticello."
Mori., Tues.. -Wed., Thurs. and 5at.....
9:45 a. m. and 5:15 p. m. (9 p. m. ex. Thurs. >
Fridays.... ....^.....1 p. m 9p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Dock. Pier ?.
■ Telephone Green Ml.
For San Jose, Los Gatos & Santa Cruz
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 daily (Sunday*
excepted) at 10 a. m. : Alviso daily (Saturdays
exceptcd) at 5 p. m. Freight and Passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. We:
to San Jose. 75c. Clay street. Pier X. 41 Nort*
. s«i™t street. San Jos*.
1112
Q. MORSE RODE
PECULIARLY
Suspended for His Daz
zling Exhibition With
I Don't Know.
Red Glenn Liked the Going and
Tramped In at Odds of
100 to 1.
Four First Crioioeto Bowled Over.
"Sheets" Martin In the Sad- •
die Again.
If climbing th« summit of Chllcoot
Pass Is a more difficult undertaking
than picking winners at the race track
these days, the Klondike gold discov
eries will attract very few turf patrons
to the frozen north. Between Jockeys
•whose muscular developments entitle
them to a place in the front rank of
pugilism, gluey mud that almost pulls
the plates from the feet of the equine
racers, and startling reversals of form
that appall the officials In the stand.'
there Is little wonderment that people
begin to think the game a hard one to
beat. The going at Oakland yesterday
was sticky and holding and but two fa
vorites could master it. The history of
the four beaten choices is replete with
epice and humor.
There did look to be one "caat-iron"
on the card, and that was the queerly
named I Don't Know, but Q. Morse, a
cherry complexloned rider from Mon
tana and way ports, volunteered to see
that the books ?ot none the worst of it.
The mouse-colored sprinter was a 4 to
f> choice in the betting, and a liberal
crowd of bookies gave a deserving pub
lic all they wanted of It without rub
bing. Their kindness was amply re
worded. Morse eventually landed I
Don't Know In third place, after nearly
pulling all of the horse's teeth out in
doing so. If Morse were a politician
with a pull as strong as his was yes
terday. Presidential aspirants would
be prostrating themselves at his feet.
For his Sandowic exhibition he was
Indefinitely suspended, and the owner
of the horse, F. Reed, requested to
check his stable for some other parts.
The race, a flve-furlong dash, was cap
tured by Lo Lo, a 6 to 1 chance in the
betting, which led out the second
choice, Koenigen, rather cleverly.
This pyrotechnical display was sec
ond only in Its depressing effects to the
win of old Red Glenn at odds of 100 to
1. The most scantily supported start
er In the fourth event, a seven and a
half furlong tour, ridden by a stable
lad named Klley, and carrying only a
few paltry dollars of his owner to get
the show, the gelding came ploughing
through the deep mud in tha stretch.
and in a mild drive led Kaiser Ludwig
and El Moro past the wire. At several
points lower in the betting a few scat
tering dollars were placed on the
chances of Purser's horse.
McLemore's gelding. Jack Martin,
was a pronounced favorite for the sev
en and one-half furlong run, but the
sticky going was more than he could
negotiate, and, though he was piloted
by Thorpe, he ran unplaced. The ia-to-1
shot, Magnus, ridden by Clawson,
jumped away in the lead, and was nev
er caught, v.iuninp. hardridden. less
than a length in advance of Our Cli
mate, another outsider, with Conley up.
Coda was a fair third.
Captive came out In Sam Hildreth'e
colors after a summer's recreation In
the country, and was heavily played at
odds of 4 to 5 to capture the mile run,
third on the card. He passed Gotobed
before half the route had been travers
ed, but the last sixteenth was in turn
passed by The Dipper, with little
O'Connor In the saddie, and beaten less
than a length. Nonchaianee, the sec
ond choice, finished in the show. Cap
tive pulled up very lame.
It was only the superb riding of
"Skeets" Martin that landed the mile
and a sixteenth purse for Barney
Schreiber. His brown horse, Schiller,
•was a 4-to-5 choice in the ring, and
after making all the running was chal
lenged the last furlong by Hazard, with
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track — Sixty-seventh day
of the Winter Meeting. Monday. January 17, 1898. Weather
fine. Track very heavy.
44 A FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; Belling;
; purse. $300.
296 Lo Lo, 5
163 Koenlßcn, 4
427 I Don't Know, a...
428 Blue Bell, a ]
422 The Gossip, 4 1
411 Mahogany, a '
428 D. J. Tobin. 4 :
291 Terrier. 6 !
i 3
2
6
7
.
I
8 _
12 12
8 3 8 24
2h 2 h
4 14 4 3
6 14 6 24
R S
«3 6 2
7h 7 4
1 14
2h
3 24
4 5
5 IS
63
8
7 5
1 2 jClawson 7 «
2 n !E. Jones 4 9-2
3 8 iMorse »-m 9-10
4 14 Van Kuren ..i 12 12
5 1 Spencer 20 M
6 5 McDonald . . . I 60 30
7 3 Conley 7 10
8 Harrington .. 50 50
Time, 1:084. Winner, J. T. Donaldson's br. m.
Won easily.
'. Good start.
A.T SECOND RACE— Seven and a half furlongs; selling;
* • purse, $350.
[ndex. Horses. WelghtTist! Mm! 4m. ~%ra. Str!
434 Magnus. 3 91 2
423 Our Climate. 6 109' 4
42S Coda, 5 107 3
433 Oeorpe Palmer. 4.. 106; 7
43H Jack Martin. 5 1091 6
487 Allahabad. 6 103:8
123 El Ventulo. 4 109! 5
435 Fanny S. 4 104: 9
344 Darechoto. 3 89J 1
1 14
8 h
2 h
4 3
8 h
1%
II 1 *
i >
8 1
4 h
« 4
6 1
6 h
9
7 h
8 1
1 3
2 34
8%
4 2
6 *
7 4
9
8 1
6 1
1 1
I?
4 14
6 1
7 24
83
9
« 14
1% !
2 4 '
3 10 ;
46
6 6
I 6 j
78
8 1
9
> lIKBOD .....
Y'onley i
j Jones
jKerrln
10 II
10 15
4 5-
15 15
1 9-10
20 SO
10 2-)
30 SO
< 6
IThorpe
(McDonald ...
Van Kuren ..
R. Narvaej .
M -Nichols ...
Time. l:3S*i.
first three drlvh
Winner, C. Parker's b. g. by Three Cheers-Etta W.
r
Good start.
Won
%■
448.
THIRD RACE— One mile; three-;
; purse, $400.
!
434 The Dipper, 3 92; 4 4 4 S 2 2 1
... Captive. 4 112 6 2 3 124 124
427 Nonchalance. 4 107] 6 Cl 4 4 2»,» 4 3
... Ootobed. 3 104 1 In 2n Sh
42S \eraßua. 5 12H 3 8% 614 «10
4JS Don Daniel. 5 10m 7 7 fi 34 5h
422 Bobolink, a 112 1 2 5 1 7 7
Time. 1:40. winner, E. W. Purser's br. c. by Imp.
Won first three dri\ In*.
2 2
1 n
I*
6 n
6 4
_7
. Presti
1 %
26
37
4 n
6 *i
640
7
:onpan
)' Connor
V. Martin ..
horpe
'lawson
'onley
6 7
1 4-6
2 13-5
8 16
15 20
.60 200
50 10)
icDonald ...
'an Kuren ..
GooU start.
44 9 • F °ursJ l i3^ ACß) SeVen and * haJf furlonKß: Belll « 1 «: three-year-olds and upward;
Index. Horses. Welght.jStT fclS! Km. %NT Su\ FJn. | Jockeys. jj O p. Cl.'
I. :
437 Red Glenn, a 101 I
430 Kaiser Ludwig, 4.1". 6
440 El Moro. 3 94 1
435 Veloz, 4 1M <
433 Benamela, 5 112, R
... Li Hung Chang. 8.. M I
445 Song and Dance, a. li< 7
(433) Palmerston. 4 112 ?,
«di km liienn,
430 Kaiser Lad
440 El Moro. 3
435 Veloz. 4...
433 Benamela. !
... Li Hung CV
445 Song and D
[433) Palmerston.
Time, 1:39.
easily.
a ... 109; 5 56 62 44 6h IS Klley so 60
iwig. .I'M 6 3 4 3 2 8 2 !1H 2ns H. Rrown .. 12 25
1 W, 1 in 14 12 1% 8% J. Woods ." 8 3
■■ JJ6 «' ;i « % «1 61 4H 4 4 Van Kuren .. to 7$
5 i' I ';** TH 73 78 7 6 n W. Martin .. 2 2
hang, 3. 96; 2 4 3 4 4 6 5 624 6 2 Harris 50 60
>ince. a.109j 7 8 8 8 8 7H ISpcncer 5 6
'• * 112 1 3 _2z 2 1 213 2 8 {Thorpe ...."I 8-3 7-6
Winner. E. W. Purser's b. g. by Glen Kirn-Red Girl. Bad start. Won
S 6
3 4
1 n
4 3
I
2 2
6 2
3 2
1 4
6 1
7 8
I*
II
4 4
8 2
1 2
6 1
7 S
f. 5
8
2J
6 h
2 14
1 \
7 4
6 24
- 8
8 2
1 S
2 ns
8%
4 4
6 n
6 2
7 4
8
Klley
11. Brown ...
J. Woods ....
'Van Kuren ..
W. Martin ..
Harris
(Spencer.
{Thorpe
•4£kO FIFTH I * A £ E - On « an< * »■ sixteenth miles; Belling;
• 1/ V/« purse. $400.
Index. Horses. Weight. |Bt~ Vim! 4m! Km. Str
408 Schiller. 6 107! 4 124 14 14 18% In H Martin
<«T» Hazard. 6 io» 1 2 2 2? 21% 2 2 2 2 Conley
402. Lena. 4 103 3 82 5n 42 414 38 Snencer"'
437 -Heritage. 6. ..995 7 62 6 n 62 4 4 c^wmn "
<4il) Personne. 4 110 7 4n 3 2 334 324 540 Thou- '
2*9 Wawona. a 105 2 31 4* 77 610 II Brown
446 Ml- Ruth, •:::::::: m i $__* 7* 6 3 6 2 ?__ Mcxlcnols
Won'rtrVth'ree * 6chrelber br - h - by lm »- St - George-Frauleln.
H
.wariin ...
iley
•ncer I
ws,,n
1 *
1 ... 1 4-5
..... 7 5
IB 10
7 10
2 3
I ... 20 20
I ... 30 20
Good start.
1
7
■
7
2
■
30
4-5
6
10
10
3
20
20
>rpe
nrown . . .
Nichols ...
51.
SIXTH RACK— Six furlongs;
411 Blarney Stone
431 Hardly I
(424) Bonito
(312) Master Mariner ....
439 Rpbel Jack |
44i Sorrow
441_Balllster
1
2
4
5
6
3
7
I 2
! n "
H4
si*
13
2 24
i¥
3 1
4 24
6 8
7
1 2
2 3
6 2
3 24
I**
6 5
■ 7 • ■■
1 2
2 1
3 10
4 h
6 7
6 50
. Martin ...
horpe |
onley
S 3
3 16-5
4 4
.20 15
10 s
2 7-2
50 100
kN'i.hols ...
lawson
»'oods
'Connor
Time. 1:17.
Won first three
Winner. F. Brown's
Gtood start.
Conley up, and In the hardest sort of
a drive gained the decision by a nose.
Lena came fast next the rail, taking
the show. Personne, the second choice,
was unable to untrack himself in the
going.
After being played down from threes
In the betting and again receding to
that figure toward post time, Blarney
stone led all the way in the final six
furlong sprint, and won rather easily
from the hard-ridden Hardly, second
choice. Bonita came from behind, rap
turing the show. Sorrow ran a disap
pointing race.
Track. lt«rr>s.
It was "Skeets" Martin's first appear- ;
: ance in the saddle since i.is accident at
i Ingleside. He accented out two mounts,
; and handled them both in his usual clever
I fashion. Dick Clawson also had quite a :
; successful reappearance. Atkin & i-iOtt- ;
j ridge's lightweight piloted the first two ;
! winners over the plate.
Pat Dunne's old campaigner. Hive. '
was played by all the insiders tor a good ;
thing in the tiiird event, and pulled up :
very lame after having been led past the
tape by The Dipper.
Beginning at 10 o clock a. m. to-day,
Klllip & Co. will sell at their salesyar-.
j Market street and an Ness avenue, fifty
i choice trotting and thoroughbred mares
. from the noted Pa.o Alto stock .arm.
The matrons from t»ie thoroughbred de
, partment are stinted to such errand stal
: lions as Flambeau, Racine, Flood, Imp.
'. Mariner and imp. Loyalist.
Following are to-day's entries:
First race — Five and a half furlongs; maiden
i selling; year-olds and upward:
| ... Ntta Murphy... 87 i ... Stepabout »0
! 419 Rose Maid 87 404 Texarkana 95
' 429 Entrata 87 ... Ordago 104
... Jim Brownell.. 92 422 Red Spinner 105
; 429 Flandes 104 ... Tartar S>9
i 434 Moringa 86 314 Altlvo 91
874 Raclo — _ 89 429 San Durango. . .101
... Yon Dunk 971
Second race— and a half furlongs: selling;
! four-year-olds and upward:
I ... Roche 104' ... Metalre 101
' (422) Dolore 104 188 Mamie 0 105
i 427 R. Q. Ban 104 351 Judge Stouffer. 98
I 332 Silver State.... 99 (428) Rlcardo 106
! 428 Tom Anderson.lol (380) Chappla 98
■ 447 Jack Martin.... 101
Third race— furlongs; three-year-olds and
! upward:
j ... Town Topics... 82! 419 Tea Rose 111... 102
j ... Glen Annie 80 408 Lucky Dog 115
; 439 Mori 87 ... Lucky Dan 100
, (442) May W 107 ... Rejected 104
; 441 Catawba 82
Fourth race— Six furlongs; four-year-olds and
upward ;
I 442 Buck Massle...ll2 435 Walter J 112
<■£ Fannie E 102; 446 I Don't Kn0w..109
£ ° Utgo I<M ** F1 * L* 11 ' 114
I 423 Sea Spray 104 348 Flashlight 122
j 410 Howard 119 419 February 104
44 The Gossip 93 428 Gallant 104
| 444 Rubicon 122 i
Fifth race— Six and a half furlongs; four-
I year-olds and upward: selling:
113 Aquinas HI 420 Hermanlta ....101
«8 Sly L' " 449 Benamela 107
*H Po'Un 104 (332) Callente 110
I 435 O Fleeta 106 ! (438) Torsion 112
Sixth race— Five and a half furlongs; maid
ens; three-year-olds and upward; selling:
440 Scintillate 841 4!S Merrllake 93
i 327 Nervula 91 1 428 Homestake .... 91
i ii" gf Bernays.... 86! ... Mary Sieves.. .lol
2,4 El Ladrone 93 3*6 Hlmera 84
••• Sardou HI 181 Loumont 87
417 Glenower 86 417 Rosa ' 87
... Mlleslo 92 444 Paso Tempo. 103
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First raoe— Jim Brownell. San Durango, En
trata.
Second Mamie G. Rlcardo, Judge
I Stouffer.
Third raoe— Lucky Cog. May W. Tea Rose.
Fourth race— Buck Massie. Rubicon, Howard.
Fifth race— Call»nte. Torsion, Polish.
Sixth race^-Sardou, Mlleslo, Glenower.
THE MASONS' HOME.
CoQSldering Bids for the Contin
uatlorj of the Erectloo of
the Building.
The Board of Trustees of the Masonic
Widows and Orphans' Home to be erected
in Decoto, Alameda County, held a meet
ing yesterday afternoon to consider bids
for the continuation of the work, which,
after the completion of the foundation
several months ago, was suspended.
The matter was discussed at length, and
' It was finally decided to refer it to a eom
i mlttee. which will make a report and then
probably the awards -will be made.
The Grand I^odpe of California at its
last held session donated the sum of $20,
000 toward the building fund of the home,
an<] it is this amount that will be used to
; continue the erection of what promises to
| be one of the most magnificent instltu
, tlons of ltp hlz<* In the Staf\
Held for Murder.
I>ee Fat ww held to answer before the
; Superior Court by Judge Campbell yes
terday afternoon on the charge of murder,
■ without ball. He cut Lee Tong-'s throat
: on Washington street, near Stockton, on
. December 29, with a butcher knife.
Her Weddlrjg Skirt Stolen.
Mrs. I>ena lacopettl, 220 Pacific street,
a charming bride of four months, swore
to a complaint In Judge Campbell's court
yesterday for the arrest of Mary Robino
on a charge of petty larceny. She sal<l
Mary was a friend of hera and she had
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
' invited her to stay at her house for a
few weeks. Mary suddenly left Sunday,
taking with her the silk skirt which the
bride wore at her wedding.
Cosrr>opolUon Lodge.
The following-named officers of Cosmo
politan Lodge, I. O. O. FFt. t were Installed
last week by W. Reeves. D. D. G. M. of
District No. B, assisted by a staff of
' Grand Lodge officers: E. G. Merthens, N.
G.; J. Kneg. V. G.; A. 11. Cousins, R. S.
N. G.; A. McDonald, L. S. N. G. ; R. Wy
iiell, R. S. V. G. ; C. Sutich, L. S. V. (1.;
L. Zelgler, W. ; T. Jarvis, ('.; J. Wlllston.
I keeper of door; J Johnson. R. S. S. ; Louis
Schord, L. S. S. After the installation. M.
Rosenthal of Magnolia Lodge delivered an
Interesting address on the subject of tem
1 perance in relation to Odd Fellowship. A.
H. KJngsford of Ray City L<klkp followed
with a short ftddresa on pood and welfare.
Steal Hydrant Connections.
H. Rice, who is employed by the Fire
Department to look after the hydrants,
reported to the police yesterday that
plugs and street connections of the stand
pipes in front of buildings are being
stolen and sold to Junk dealers. Police
men have been instructed to look after
the thieves and arrest them.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS
Andrew and Annie L. Mocker to William
Mocker, lot on S line of I age street. 13.'. t E
of Broderlck. V. 27. f hy S 137.6; $iO.
John Krausgrill to Philip Krausgrlll. all In
terest in lot on N line of Cards alley. 77.6 W of
Stockton street, also 134:6 S of Green. \V S6 by
N 62:6; $€00.
Henry Sandors to Johanna Blalch (daughter),
lot on SE corner of Larkln and Washington
streets. E 100 by S G8:9; gift.
George E. and Mary E. Ehmann to Charles
E. Ehmann. l"t on SE corner of Mission and
Fourth streets. XE 50 by SE lOftj $10.
Andrew Colllgan to Margaret Colllgan, lot on
NE line of Kate street, 2ia SE of Bryant. SE
20 by NE 60; gift.
F. M.. George D. and F. A. Greenwood
(executors of the rotate of Monroe Greenwood)
to George J. Remington, lot on W line of Sec
ond avenue, 150 S of Lake street. S 31 :i by W
120; $4250.
Frank B. Veasey to Henry C. R. Buswell. 39
coy 7S, lot on E line of Nineteenth avenue, 120
N of California street, N 27 by E 120, quitclaim
deed: $200.
John L. Moore tn Cornelius 9. Prendergast,
lot on \V line of Thirty-third avenue, 100 S of
D street, S r,o hy W 120; $30.
Henry Blyth and William J. Trott to Blyth
& Trott (a corporation), lots 9 and 12, block 4i,
Sunnyshle: $10.
James F. and Sarah E. Benjamin to Jacob
Goldsmith, lots €13 and 615, gift map 2; also
lots 17K2 and \l>3, gift map 3, trust deed to se
cure legal services In the matter of the estate.
*t Mary KcQnlre; .
Patrick William Rlordan (and as Roman
Catholic archbishop) to Annie Pollock (wife of
William T.>. lot on NE line of Francis street.
150 NW of Mission. NW 25 by NE 100, block 6,
Academy tract; ?:
filameda County.
Mrs. M. D. Humphrey to George W. Humph
rey, lot on S line of Grant street with HE line
of Thirteenth avenue. X 100. 6 100, W 16.", NE
to beginning, being lots 1 to 8. Mock C, New
Town of Lynn. East Oakland; $10.
J. L. and If. C. Barker to Elizabeth B.
Thomson, lot on NE corner of Grove and
Haste streets, E 60, N 135. W 43. 8 to begin
ning, block 5, Barker tract, subject to contract
of sale, Berkeley; $2611.
J. Howard Johnson to Mary F. Johnson, lot
on W line of Peralta avenue, 65 8 of Palm
street. 8 BO by W 125, being lots 11 and 12.
block A. Frultvale Electric Road tract, Brook
lyn Township; $10.
John S. and Clara C. Matthews and Mary
Stevens to A. S. Wnodbrldge. 10 acres, being
known as the Bond tract, Brooklyn Township;
P. B. Jr. and Rue H. Grander to Fred C.
Harvey, lots T. S and 9, block 79. Town of Al
varado. Washington Township; $10.
James F. Morrlssey to Matilda Weymouth,
15.406 acres, beginning at a point In N line of
plat », Rancho El Valle de San Jose, E 9.23
chains from NW corner of plat 9 of said
rancho, thence E S.IT", chains,* S 17 76 chains,
W 675 chains. N 17.76 chains to besinnlnr.
Murray Township; $10.
John S. Martin to .Vary E. Martin, 160 acres,
being the NW quarter of section 34. township
2 S. range l W, Murray Township; also 160
acres, being the Ni: quarter of section S3
township 2 S, range 1 W. Murray Township;
also all Interest In personal property, Murray
Township; gift-
Ernest A. and Elizabeth D. Heron to Alice
H. Cornwall, lots 14. IS and 1«, block J, Linda
\ ista Terrace map 2, Oakland: $10
Nellie H. and C. H. Hobart to Sarah A. Mc-
Kee, lot on \\ line of Grove street, 90 S of
Benton. S 45 by XV 110. being lot 17. block 2
McKee tract. Oakland Annex- $10
Catherine S. Schmidt (wife of J. C.) to Henry
&;W° r< lot 12. block 2, l " Ii ' :: ' 1 ' tract. Berkel
icy I j 10.
James W.. Thomas R. and Adelaide M.
Cooley and Mary A. Turman to Katie H.
Coole>% lot 4 block 84. tract B. Berkeley Land
i'Vv ti Wn Imiiri ' venient Association, Berke-
Mary J. Moss, Jessie E. and Perry H. Ause
on Lulu S. and William L. Taylor to Albert
Goldaraeena, lots 14 and 15. block A. Mob*
tract, Brooklyn Township; JlO.
Oakland Loan and Investment Company to
Alice M. Cornwall, lot * 9to 12. block C except
T ™ 2 ° feet of lots '■' '" 12 of said block C
Latham Terrace. Brooklyn Township: also lot
on nr boundary line of lot 8 75 \\V of
Twenty-fifth avenue. SW to NE line of
Twenty-third , street. NW to a point SE »-39 to
T.r« n J ne i> SF a portio:: of block C. Latham
Te : rr SCS C i ? ro ? kl >"n Townehip; also lots 15 and
r' ck io D ' 9 , lotß ii,° ft blook E - lot s - block
F. lots 19, 21 and 22, b ook G. all In Latham
Terrace. Brooklyn Township; $10 M
n».V» S i a ? d M v- ri X - I>lltr - 1 l " Jo»quln R. S.
Dutra, lot on N line of Willow street 221 3 «
nort,' aUre f a : e X, UP -. En:<E n:< by N I^7. beln< a
!EKa^SSiiusrgi." San L<iren2u
n^ M t- rI H« E - P^f, t0 Joa <J«»n R- S. Dutra, lot
on N line of Willow street. 210:10 E of Laurel
ayenue;. N 157. E 10:11. s 157. W 10:11 to begin
ning, being a portion of Ashland tract on San
Lorenzo rancho. Eden Township; $10
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
RUSS HOUSE.
•J,. ETE T , BB * m« Spokane CD Howard. < M
i m nd l on -- Wash ° Brown, Fowler
i M - enhen i ck> , Spokane J M OoodaU. Concord
M£ r-«'T?; jkane T, J Hart. Tulare .
"!'," " ix " n - Wash I W Whelan. Plewanton
w- t if • Ll^, A , nK i e L Glenn, Spokane
V\ L Ruse. Cal D Davis. Spokane
J L Duprey. Winters n F Stlne &w. Colo
h f ,?, I)ra 5 ue & *'■ S j|w Harrison. Saoto
£ Ullfer fe w. Sacto H Shaw. S Diego
V, M 1U er> , Sacto 'M A "ol^rts. a Dlejco
"""orla. Sacto Mm Hawley. Ariz *
« C SS r wn x 8 Rafael airs Curtln, Art"
H M Coke. Or T Anderson. Lake Co
S Mui.ro Or Mrs J Rucker. EUaaon
? m ,V |V « II ?, S - 91"9 1 " . !Mli«s C Rucker. s<«..,n
J X I .Mm. Ohio .i b Overton. Xcv
P Gustver. Montreal w Poroe. N.v
g Harrison, Sacto J Mitchell. Salinas
5 ,? sPnedlt5 Pnedlt & w.Ohlo J Campbell & w. Stkta
F McGettlnwr. Cal E Masheaee, Alame.la
1 Johnson. Colo C Power*, Sacto
?£- VfV. 1 " 1 St T ockt °a C ConKdon, Sacto
W^^stteyT's^to 0 ° F — «h. CoT U sa
m_ « . GRAND HOTEL.
" 9. "V. ? ac I j B term, Salinas
II C Ross Jr. Sacto .1 H Glide. Sacto
R C £ v r rey> Dlxon J H Glide Jr. Sacto •
h. H GrijtKS. Stanford \v H Beat &w. Butter
£JL ornfe ! ' 1> C , al ,- J Lincoln. Santa On
2 I'l 101 0 - San J '■'"* w N Hover. Denver
C A Thomas, Stanford C L Hover. Denver
A J Larson. Lodl m \v Thompson. <- a l
N Ross, 08 Angelea Q D Plato. Modesto
,■ X J t a ? esor i; Wallace M V Morgan & w, Cal
C \\ Baker. San I»o(ro H A Leißh. San Jose
C I- II TT ' m"m "' > I»s Ang E McKinney. i.r, n
C X Llpfcan. Sacto Q W Langdon. Oakld
T xt D a G oss - Denver N L, Palmer & «■, Cal
tJ A Ryan. Los An([ i F c Ilihn. Santa Crux
"Sutler, Los An el»B A C Rosendale, Cal
t» r n< L T'. ttle Fls A lf Smith, Fresno
D P<«lddon, Denver Olt McKee, San Jose
«• fl t .IF<". IF< " i'"" - Or §if Wagoner. San Js«
« I t ly ' Ku / Cka S Kemi)i>. Stockton
fx- r/o hn "" n % Wl Cal J X Koch«r. San .Tos«
T T( ?r art « & WINeV W J J'"^ l "- Martina
? 5 HSf^-555! 0 C J C ° - California
T Or Akes, Truckee
PALACE HOTEL.
ME Baird. Conn |Dr Lanßhammer, Wash
/, * lI !S >«"y. Syracuse C E Pearsall. Eureka
i-,. A Chippie. TownsdlD 1' Gllddon. Denver
Miss R. o PPenheJmer,|Mrs C B Pearsall. Cal
r V 1?V 1 ?, 1 * x- owp;oboKm.Dtmii
C C Wallace. Nevada |G W Johnson. Callstsa
Joutman. New York .Mrs J A Logan. 1. "
Mrs B H Emery. Utah j Miss <;illet. Elkhart
Mi 8 Bransford, Utah Miss finders. Chicago
Miaa BraMford. Utah W ■ Pullman. Chicago
Ml «» G Emery. Utah T N Okohlra. Japan
{. £?£&*•* I - rflke T Kun.ira. Yokohama
w^^ft New York F c Gamble. B C
T M Sheldon.* I-on AngjW H Dudley. Stanford
T P,.rinirer. Chicago ii v Bailey. Boston
OS Murnford. Boston W B Ellis. Boston
£r i ,I, I . l 0?, s> , Lo * An « ! N J I^evlnson, Portld
W F Melllck. Mont V I> Black. Salinas
Mrs V Peyton & c.Cal w FlnnWl. Stum
L. A Lewis, Portland I Mrs V Finnell. Napa
BALDWIN' IIOTEU
J J T r" iljr - Stockton C H Irwin. Newark
A O Bonny. New York Miss A Milton. N I
C L Comer. Baker»fld H B Harris. New York
A H Coleman, Alartlnz Miss B Verona. N V
R Blt r^.,, N>w York Miss C FarnsJc. N V
Miss B Elllotte, Sacto J F Callahan. N V
A Seldner. New York (; E Pancoaat X T
',: °,, D >' er - I/IJS A »eeles J E Long. Chicago
X Cl rk 4., Omaha T H Berkey. Sac*
M re T V 2***- ° vv II»haI I » ha J C Crooks. Hay|ards
« J.Tf Id man. N V " Dickerman. NY
« \\ Meyer. Sale c m , L A Lcr* San Jose
M « \l^ Meyer. Sal( ' m IJ A Parsons. Belvdre
J II Barham. Los Angle C McCall. San Ant
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
H Rchier. Ukiah M Mallorj* N V
A F Lima, Salt Lake p Hansen. Stockton
J Splndla. Reno A Lannlsran. Oakdale
O Benson. Dlxon A W Branner. L An«
.1 A Schroder. B Crux J P Rutherford. Cal
J i Bryan. Palo Alto F Griffith. Portland
O Reed. S Jose II A Halnes & w. Se-
P Posmer, Sacto attle
M T Connolly. R Vista F B Brady. Seattle
J B Matson. S Benlto W D Hudson. Seattle
A FeltH'e. Denver W H Lincoln. S Jose
J Rankln. Modesto g Mackey & f N V
J Samuels, Stockton j Miss Cuttlcr. Wls
C Harrison, Madera J Schaffer, Wis
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the Ban Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streeta, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street.
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
539 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
61:1 McAll lnter street: open until 9:30 p. m.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
S.W. corner Sixteenth and Mission street*:
open until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
HIS Mission street: open until 9 o'clock
1505 Polk street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open till 9 o'clock.
Mi 1 i IN>. KOTICE9.
GOLDEN Gate Lodge No. 30. F. *A. •
M <'alled meeting THIS (TUESDAY) _^\_
EVENING, January IS. at 7.30 oclock. TC2T
D. 2. GEORGE J. HOBE. Sec. 'V^
CALIFORNIA Chapter N. i, R- A. M.. *
will meet THIS (TUESDAY) EVEN- _JV»
INC., January IS. at 7:30 o'clock. IKJT
Stated meeting and M. M. degree, /^r
By order of the H. P.
FRANKLIN H. DAY, Secretary.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144. F. and A. •
First degree THIS (TUESDAY) _^V-
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. TUT
A. S. HUBBARD. Secretary. /^T>
MAGNOLIA Lodge No. 29, 1. O. O. tt^^r^,
F.— lnitiation THIS (TfE.SPAY) =g^Sfi^-
EVENINtJ. HrPthr^n plouse at- -^SJ«*«F'
ten.l. G. E. BURXESS. X. G. "•%»»s?**
SAMUEL POL AC Secretary.
GERMAXIA I^)dge No. 116. I. O. .^AW^b.
O. F.— The officers and members
of the funeral committee of Ger- '^&££~J > 'sSF
mania Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F..
are hereby notified to assemble at Odd Fel-
lows' Hall on WEDNESDAY. January 19,
IS9B, at 1 o'clock p- m.. vi attend the funeral
of our late brother. HENRY SANDERS. By
order of the lodge.
LEOPOLD M. FABRY, N. O.
EMIL NIEMEIEK. R. S.
MASONIC Cemetery Association— The annual
meeting of lot-owners in the Masonic Ceme-
tery will be held at the Masonic Temple
TUESDAY AFTERNOON. February 1. tO*
at 2 o'clock, for the election of three trustees
and such business as may legally come be-
fore It. GEORGE J. HOBE. Secretary.
THE regular annual meeting of the Stock-
holders of The National Ice Company will be
held at the office of the company. 327 Mar-
ket Street, San Francisco. Cal.. on WEDNES-
DAY, the 2<i day of February. 1898, at the
t or <f 11 o'clock a. m.. for the purpose of
electing a board of directors to serve for the
ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come tiefore the meet-
ins. J. T. DONAHUE. Secretary.
ANNUAL meeting—The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Oceanic Steamship
Co. will be hfld at the office of the com-
pany. 327 Market St.. San Francisco. Cal..
on Friday, the 21st day of January. IS9S. at
the hour of 11 o'clock a. m., for the purpose
of eiertinic a board of directors to serve for
th» ensuing year, and the transaction of such
other business as may come before the meet-
ing. Transfer books will clo««e on MONDAY.
January 10. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
Realty Syndicate will be held at the office
of the corporation, 14 Sansome St.. room 15.
Pan Francisco, at 3 o'clock on THURSDAY.
January 20, ISSB. to elect directors to serve
for the ensuing year, and for the transaction
of such other business as may come before
the meeting. J. C. WINANS. Beoy
SPECIAL. NOTICES.
WILLIAM J. ROHRER Is not authorired to
collect or have any money on account of the
Broadway Brewery.
MRS. JACOB ROHRER.
THE Secretary of the Protestant Orphan Asy-
lum of San Francisco herewith gives notice
that the following orphan and half orphan
girls and boys have been admitted at the in-
stitution on Halght st. from July 1. 1897. to
Jan. 1. 1S98: Rachel Crossley. 12 years; Neva
Crossley. in years; Eva Crnssley. 2 years-
Ttta Lithßow, 13 years: Sophie Semler, 13'^
years: Emma Shoehrldjre, U years; Emellne
Purket 3 years; Hilda Burket. 2 years; Lou-
isa Putts, 7 years: Minnie Potts, 4 years; Jes-
sie Potts. 3 year"; I>--lma Cottrell. S years:
Lillle li»rkman. 7 years: Annie Peterson. 13
years; Mabel Peterson. 3 years; Frank Mr-
K< in. 2 \i-nra; Edward Burket. 9 vt-ars; Fred-
erick Berket, 8 years; Carl F. Berg, 11
y-ars; I';vld Cottrell. 10 years; Georpe Bock-
man. 8 years: Albert H. Smith. 4 years.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st.,«room 6: tel. 6580.
FOR Bale— Double-end boat. 24x5:6; all com-
jl.te; $::,. MRS. VOGBXs 110S Kentucky st.,
near Eighteenth.
MRS. DR. FISH. rm. 3. 11« A Grant aye.: elec-
trician: alcohol. Turkish baths; unrivaled.
JNO. HI'LTHES, electro-magnetic masaag*
treatments: alcohol baths. 8 Mason st.
MME. HANSBN, laf-st galvanic battery and
< atilnft l.aths. 116 Taylor st.
ROOMS whitened from $1 and papered $2 60 up.
239 Thin) ft.
MRS. STKWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 12<>'. Geary St.. room 11.
ROOM Renting Bureau, room 24. Flood build-
ing, cor. Fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 51 (forty cents per share), of
the Huti hinson Sugar IMantatlon Co., will be
payable at the office of the company, 327
Market St.. on and after THURSDAY, Jan-
uary 20. 18M. Transfer hooks will close on
Friday. January 14, I*W. ut 3 o'clock p. m.
r: II BHELDON. Secretary.
STOCKHOLDERS' MEETING.
THE annual meeting of the stockholders of the
I'nlon Iron Works will be held at the office
of the company. 272 Market st.. San Fran-
cisco, on TUESDAY, Jnnuary 25. ISC'S. at 11:30
o'clock a. m., for the purpose of electing a
board of directors to serve for the ensuing
rear, and for the transaction of such other
business as may come before the meeting.
J. 08. CUNN, Secretary.
Office, ta Market St.. San Francisco. Cal.
January in. istos.
SITUATIONS WANTED-FEJIALB
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires situ-
ation; b-?st references; city or country. MISS
■ i LLEN. M Sutter st.
NEAT, capable German girl desires situation
at housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; refer-
MISS CULLEN. 825 Sutter St.
THOROUGHLY competent Scotch waitress and
chambermaid desires situation; good refer-
ences. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
A No. 1 American Protestant cook, best of
city references, desires a situation. J. F.
CROSE" T .v i '<»., 316 Sutter st.
GERMAN Eri; loyment <if nee— MRS. LAM-
BERT. 417 r well st. ftel. Main 5532), fur-
M help of all nationalities.
QERMAN Ihhi— lll, good cook; best refer-
ences; $!."■ to $;'•. MRS. NORTON, 823 Sutter
OH— 721.
NEAT, c .mpetent Swedish girl as first-class
waitress In private family; best references;
«. iK's QB, IMoase call at 513 McAllister st.
COMPETENT Swedish girl as first-class cook
In private family; best New York city refer-
ence*; wages $«.'. a month; Jewish preferred.
Call Ml McAllister st.
WOMAN wishes a position; general house-
work. 13314 California st.
W<>m.\N wants work by the day or week
•raatOac and ironing; Is first-class cook. 924
Washington st.
SITUATION wanted by competent Eastern girl
■ok or general housework; references;
* >■ .... Address ISA Henry St.; Castro-
st. cars.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation; Is
X 1 Tik and housekeeper: understands care
of chllilren; wages $10. 11"3 Powell St.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
rwork; Is good ciok and will do small
waphinj;: city or country; wages $15. Ad-
draaa box €30. Call office.
GOOD American cook and laundress wishes
situation; thoroughly understands her busi-
ness: g.jod references; city or country. 1163
Market st.
>Tl<)N wanted by reliable American
woman in small family; Is good plain cook;
I nan in last place; no washing; no chli-
dren. £36 Minna st.
WANTED By mIJ die -aged woman (German),
situation for general housework in small
family; good plain cook. 124 Wlldey st., off
Flllmure. near Bush.
YOUNQ girl, recently from Denmark, wishes
situation to assist in housework or care of
chililrrti. Call or address 2662 Twenty-second.
M: ; .-'SMAKKR. first-class fitter. stylish
draper and designer; thorough dressmaker;
by tba day. viss Warwick. n3> weary st.
COMPETENT woman to do housework; a food
cook; will do somr washing; good city refer-
•'all 23«.. Minna st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wlsh*s to do bouse-
works's a good cook. 912 Howard st.
YOUNG German woman wants work by the
<iay at washing and housecleanlng. 732 Na-
toma St., rear.
FIKST-( LASS dressmaker wishes work by the
day. A.l.licss RKKETT. 713 Broadway.
YOUNG girl wishes situation for housework.
Please call or address 1590 San Bruno aye.
WANTED— A place to w >rk by the day. Call
»"«• 2 days at 48 Seventn St.. room 7.
NT RSE- Position wanted by young woman;
hospital graduate, experienced and highly rec-
ommended; reasonable terms. Box 642, Call.
SMI \'l >N9 H MI-D-ContlDurd.
YOUNG girl wishes situation to assist with
upstairs work and care of children. 871
Shotwell st.
YOUNG American girl to assist In general
Apply 3012 Mission st.
GERMAN Ktrl wishes situation to do cooking
In an American family. Call 929 Pine st.
EXPERIENCED nurse wants work In confine-
ment cases: no objection to the country. Box
6Cs, Call office.
COMPETENT English cook; understands all
kinds of French and American cooking; best
references; city or country. Box 636, Call.
YOUNG strong German woman wishes work
of any kind by the day. Address lti22 Bryant
St., between Eighth and Ninth.
BTRONG woman wants work by the day.
washing, ironing or housecleaning. Apply
MRS. W.. 7 Decatur st.
COMPETENT American woman, strong and
willing to do anything. Is alone: would go In
a steady home, small family; plain cooking,
•mail wash; has references; first-class in
every kind of work; can take care of any
home: Is steady and reliable; right wages.
Ladies please call 255 Third st.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 13 Grant ay.
CHAMBERWORK and sewing or child's nurse
by a competent young woman: understands
h-r work; city or country. Box 616. Call.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker. Is first-clasp fit-
ter and designer, wishes a few more engage-
ments; price moderate. Address box 617, Call.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes situation to do
general housework in small family. Please
call at 1374 Stevenson St., nr. Thirteenth.
WOMAN wishes work by the day or week
housecleaning; good laundress or cooking;
sleep home. 442 Jessie st.
SCANDINAVIAN widow, speaks English, has
twn small children, desires situation In small
family; nominal wages only If good home.
Box 368, Call office.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation to do
general housework or aa housekeeper: good
plain cook. MRS. JANNTCH. 739 Natoma St..
near Ninth st.
RESPECTABLE lady with little girl wishes
situation as housekeeper; city or short dis-
tance in country. Call before 12 o'clock. 1719 A
Eddy st.
YOUNG lady. Industrious and economloal,
would like situation as managing house-
keeper; best of references. C, box 60, Call.
&KFXNKD lady with girl of 12. desires position
as housekeeper, or will try anything honest.
Address or call. MRS, I>., 1433 Mission st.
"WANTED— By an American woman, age 88.
position as housekeeper. Address MRS. E.
A. KNAPP, Oakland Postoffice.
GIRL wants a position for general housework.
Call or address 3369 Twenty-sixth st. MR.
HK NT.
YOUNG Spanish lady would like a situation
to do second work. Inquire at 1036 Pacific.
YOUNG lady wishes a position where she can
attend an evening school. Address 427 Grove.
SWEDISH girl wishes position as cook; city
or country. Address box 609, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants full charge of Invalid
or Infint. ''all at :<^s Sixteenth.
SITUATIONS WWTKD-MAl.t;.
CHINESE and Japanese: estab. 20 years; help;
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO., 640 Clay St.
JAPANESE employment office; work day, hour
or evening. 122% O'Farrell st. ; tel. Davis «06.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment office;
_be»t help. 414H OTarrell. TeV E. 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office-
Best help. 30 Geary st. Tel. Grant 56.
HUNTER & CO., Chinese and Japanese emp.
office. 814% California st. ; tel. Main 231.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; li-w Interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
BUTCHER wishes work In chop or hotel: good
i-f^rences. Box 632. Call office.
TOUNQ man wants situation on country place;
care horse, cows, garden or generally useful
in anything; references. Box 635, Call office.
WANTED— By a lumber salesman and yard-
man, situation in a country yard or sawmill:
best California reference. J. C. GIBSON,
Ot Ellis st.
ACTIVE young man with literary Inclination
wants position in some literary department;
a good writer and composer. Address b^x
OS, Call Office.
JAPANESE boy wants position to do house-
work, wait on table or cooking. Address
T. SATKA. 10* V, Hyde st.
JAPANESE boy wan:? -position to do house-
work, wait on table or cooking. Address
F. TAMGUCHI. 132-1 Pine st.
Y<>t"N<> married man wants situation at liv-
ing wages: has had experience as grocery
clerk and Is hnndy with tools. Box 623. Call.
YOUNQ man wishes position as washer In
steam launr'.ry. Call or address 190 Shipley st.
OMPETENT tailor's cutter. 10 years' experi-
ence, Fober habits, seeks employment. Ad-
dress box C4O. Call offl.-e.
PRACTICAL and experienced tailor's cutter,
best London references, seeks employment In
K"< '1 class trade, with the option of buying
Interest In business Address box 641, Call.
LADIES' tailor cutter. London and Paris ex-
perience, wishes employment. Address box
639. Call office.
WANTED— By a man. to work for a private
family; can do all kinds of work: horses,
cows, gardening: willing and obliging; city
or country. Address J. M. J., 631 Sacra-
mento st.
GARDENER: single; thoroughly competent in
ell branches gardening and greenhouse work.
frst-clBFs references; would like position
with private family. Box £-53, Call office.
BAKER on cake and bread: country prefer-
red. New Atlantic Hotel, 209 Montgomery
I want good commission for Australia:
smart hustler and well known there: manu-
facturers answer quick. Box 606. Call office.
YOUNG man. graduate of business college, de-
sires situation In an office or store; under-
stands bookkeeping; fair penman; speaks
Italian. M. MAGGINI, Presc.itt House.
MAN thoroughly experienced In general mer-
chandise, hotel and liquor business, ordi-
nary bookkeeper, wants salaried position in
Alaska. I. H. S.. 435 Thirteenth st.
YOtTNO Frenchman wishes position on French
newspaper; is expert compositor. Address
E. A.. 7 John st.
BOILER maker with first-class references; also
blacksmith capable of tempering all kinds of
tools, wishes position In mines; any place.
Box 562. Call office.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, 25c to $1 50 per night:
tl 50 to $6 per week; convenient and respect-
able; free bus and baggage to aril from f>rrt.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
COOK, boarding-house, $25. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
COOK, 3 In family, $25; country. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Putter st.
COOK. 3 In family, $25: Santa Clara County;
pee lady here 10:30. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sut-
ter st.
NEAT young girl. $16. MISS CULLEN. US
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, $20; chambermaid. $20. MISS
CULLEN. 325 Sutter st.
WOMAN with a child over 2 years old. $15.
MISS CULLEN. 325 Slitter st.
WAITRESS. $25. private family: S German
nurses. $25 and $20. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
FRENCH maid. $25. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sut-
ter st.
REFINED German girl, speaking French, as
governess and seamstress, or French girl $25
MISS CULLEN, 325 Butter st.
GOOD plain cook and general housework In
(■mail family; Protestant preferred: see lady
here Monday morning. MISS CULLEX 325
Slitter st.
2 FIRST-CLASS Ironers, same country hotel
laundry. 130 each and board. C. 11. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 103 Geary st.
4 WAITRESSES, country hotel, south. $20- 1
north, $22 50; arm waitress, restaurant near
city. $25; 4 chambermaids, assist wait. $15
city. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st. '
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, country $'*0
and free fare. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary Et.
NEAT waitress for a private family. $25. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
10 GIRLS to work in a laundry. $10 and board
sleep home,: no experience necessary. C R
HANSEN & CO.. IPS Geary st. '
4 PRIVATE family cooks. $30 and $35; 7 house-
girls. $20; houseglrl. Redwood City, $20 free
fare; German second girl, $25. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 108 Geary st. ' ,
EXPERIENCED hotel housekeeper, with flrst-
class hotel experience. $40: none other need
apply. O. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
WAITRESS, country hotel, office fee and ra!l-
, road fare free. $20 a month. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 108 Geary st.
WANTED — Young lady compositor . for Job of-
fice, to distribute. 523 Market St.. room 9.
DRESSMAKER— Charge dressmaking depart-
ment, department store: references. 313 Bush.
GERMAN or Swedish girl to do general bouse-
work. Call at 1232 'Stockton st.
MANAGING housekeeper, wealthy widower's
home; grown children; references exchanged
1023 Market st.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
GIRL. Ross Valley. Cal.. $25; girl. Niles. Cal..
see party here; girl. Castro. $20; girl, Post
St., $22 50; 6 second girls. $15 to $20 each: girl.
Mill Valley. $25. see party here; girl. Filbert
St., $20; girl. Broderick. $20: girl. Fulton. $20;
2 girls. Devlsadero, $25; girl. Gough, S2O; girl.
Gough. $25; girl. Franklin, $18; Kirl. Eddy,
$25; 3 girls. Berkeley. $20 and $25; 23 girls.
! $15. nice families. MARTIN & CO., 749 Mar-
ket st.
3 WAITRESSES, city. $20 and room; 4 wait-
resses. $5 a week; 3 waitresses, same hotel;
6 girls, srr.all restaurants, $3 to $4 a week;
3 chambermaids and wait. $15 to $20 and
room; waitress. $1S and room. MARTIN &
CO.. 749 Market st.
COOK. $30: second girl. $25; housegirl. two In
family, $25; middle-aged woman, country. $20;
young girl. $10 to $12; nurse, $15. MRS.
NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
COOK, no washing, $30; Infant's nurse, $20: 2
nurse girls, $15: 10 girls for housework. MRS.
HIRU m Kills st.
GKKMAN Employment Office. MRS. LAM-
BERT. 417 Powell st., has places for girls
of all nationalities.
4 WAITRKSSES. same country hotel. HOTEL
GAZETTE, 420 Kearny et.
GIRLS to trim uniforms and make banners.
1<123 Market st.
; YOUNG lady to address envelopes and do light
office work. 313 Hush St.
MAN and wife as manager and cashier; light
cash business. 1023 Market st.
TRAVELING salesla.ly. tailor-made garments,
$15 weekly. 1023 Market St.
COMPOSITOR wanted. R. R. PATTERSON,
429 Montgomery st.
LADY clerk for employment office; apply In
own handwriting, stating experience. Box
620. Call office.
LADY stenographer for publishing house. $10;
cashier grocery store. 1018 Washington. Oak-
land.
GIRL for general housework, wages $15; call
from 9a. m. to 12 m. 1614 O'Farrell st.
WANTED— Cigar-box paster; must be experi-
enced. Apply A. F. OTTO. 226 Fremont st.
GIRL for housework. Apply at 2504 Clay st.
WANTED— GirI for light housework; refer-
ence. Call between 9 and 12 at 1310 Ellis st.
YOUNG girl to assist In light housework; Ala-
meda: wages $8 to $10. Apply 536 Sutter.rm. 1.
STROXG Protestant girl to do general house-
work. 2712 Folßom st.
GIRL for housework In Redwood City; $15.
Apply at 3524 Army St.
2 Young girls for pasting sample*. E. H.
LEVY. 513 Market St.
GOOD girl for cooking and housework. 1430
Golden Gate aye.
GIRL for child 5 years old; sleep home. 611
Turk st., 9 to 11 a. m.
GIRL about 16 to assist In light housework;
small wages. 2802 Twenty-fourth st.
COMPETENT Catnoiic iauy to take charge of
lodging-house. J. ANDERSON. 839 Hayes st.
GIRL for light housework. 1673 Golden Gate
aye. Call before 10 a. m.
GIRL for general housework and plain cook-
Ing: small family; references. 730 McAllister.
GIRL or middle-aged woman for general
housework. 716 Green et.
NURSES call and register. Ban Francisco
Nurses' Directory, 907 Bush st.
FIRST-CLASS finisher on vests; steady work;
good wages. 966 Mission st.
LOT of uncalled-for shoes from 25c up to $1 28.
E62 Mission st., bet. First and Second.
LADIES' shoes, soleing, 35c, men's shoes, sole-
Ing, 50c. ; all repairing done at half the usual
price. 662 Mission st., bet. Ist and 2d.
EXPERIENCED operators on shirts. THE
BRENNER-ULMAN CO., 17-19 Battery st.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist, 1118 Market
st. : monthly troubles, etc. One visit sufficient.
THE McDowell Dressmaking and Millinery
School is the best place to learn; Mechanics'
Fair diplorca: patterns cut 25c up. 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dress-Cutting School, 107» Mar-
kei st. ; a perfect fit guaranteed without try-
Ing on; call and be convinced.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
CIS LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
YOUNCI boy as second butler, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN. SCO Sutter st.
BECOND butler. $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
BOY about 19 or 20 years old as second butler,
$15. MISS CULLEN. 325 Sutter St.
16 SCRAPER teamsters for railroad work.
A gang of railroad laborers. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
60 ITALIAN woodchoppers to contract to cut
10.000 cords of good cedar, pine and fir: virgin
timber; level country: no brush; tools and
grub advanced; $1 a cord. C. R. HANSEN
&. CO., 10$ Geary ft.
60 TIEMAKERS; 10a; new camp: tools ad-
vanced; grub $15 a month; north. C. R.
HANBKN tk CO., 108 Geary st.
30 SCANDINAVIANS to cut cord wood: tools
and grub advanced; new. good sized tim-
ber; one year's work. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 108 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED engineer for a mine; $90;
must have had experience running double
h "ist. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary st.
MAN and wife for a private place, near city:
woman cook, man to care for horses and
garden; $35 to $40. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 108
Geary st.
HOTEL porter: $20; with references. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 108 Geary st.
8 NEAT European-plan waiters; $36. C. R.
HANSEN & CO.. 10S Geary st.
COOK, $10 a week; cook. $6 a week. C. R.
HANSEN & CO., 108 Geary St.
WANTED— Night cook. $40; cook for resort.
$40: cook for family, J4O; waiter for res-
taurant, $30; hotel waiter, $20; indoor ser-
vant. $25; gardener for nursery, $25; assist-
ant in nursery. OS; porter around saloon, etc.
ANDRE'S, 308 Stockton st.
GERMAN and American nurses, $20; 4 Oer-
man, French, Scandinavian and Iri»h second
Kir!s, $20 and $2."; 6 cooks. German style, $25;
Protestant waitress and parlormaid, $20;
cook, small hot«l. $20; 2 waitresses, restau-
rant and hotel, and a large number of girla
for all kinds of work In city and country.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
"WANTED— 2O tlemakern. 8 and 100, good timber,
pay monthly and long job; 4 quartz miners,
$3 day; men for Yukon: 3 ship carpenters,
$2 50 to $3 day: 2 boat builders, $2 50 to $3
day, and others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT
& CO., 62S Sacramento st.
WANTED— New and second-hand furnltur«
and carpet man. a competent buyer, for a
good house: blank book and Job ruler, $8 to
$3 50 day. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO..
62$ Sacramento m~
3 COOKS. $10 a week; French cook. $80 and
room. MARTIN & CO., 749 Market st.
FLANNEL washer, steam laundry. MARTIN
& CO., 749 Market st.
BOOKKEEPERS
Assistant bookkeeper, country store; clerk
for a saddlery store; 3 waiters, $25 and $20-
trunk maker; 3 cooks, $3.">. $30 and $50; black-
smith for a ranch; cheese maker, $35 and
found; 4 miners to work on shares. MUR-
RAY & *«. READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st. ~"*i»orment
» twin™ —
2.000,000 redwood and pine wood ties to cut
Sc. 9c and 10c each, for corporations, trusts'
syndicates, etc.; 86 shingle, shake, box. bolt
and picket makers; 3 pruners; 10 married men
with or without families to cut wood etc
A^^nS^a^ 1"*1 "* E^.oy m ent
WANTED— Young man, single, about 25 years
of age. to drive a retail delivery wagon in
cliy; references required; salary $35 ncr
month and found. Apply to W. D. EWER &
CO., 626 1 lay st.
SECOND cook, country. $36; dishwasher $20
HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny Tt *^'
WANTED— Men and women; work home- I Day
$S to 116 a week for making crayon portraits-
new patent method: any one who can read or
write -an do the work In spare time, day or
evening; send for particulars at once. H. A.
'". KIFP, German Artist. Tyrone Pa
STRONG boy to learn wagon blacksmithlng,
with experience preferred. 828 Harrison st.
WANTED— LocaI salesmen to sell our signs to
the retail trade. The Novelty Sign Company,
27 School St.. Boston. Mass
YOrTH as of fire and errand boy and work his i
way up; one who speaks German preferred, j
Address in own handwriting, stating age, 1
etc.. box 621. Call office.
WANTED— An experienced boy to dallver milk
in city; references. Box 629, Call!
WANTED— Handsiders on Klondike work. Pa-
cific Shoe Company. 139 First st.
VETERINARY surgeon wants an Intelligent
boy to learn the profession; small premium
required; salary paid after 3 months. Ad-
dress box 625. Call office.
WANTED— Young man 17 to 19 years of age to
assist at office work ; must write a good hand
and have had some office experience Ad-
dress, with references, box 634. Call office
WANTED— Partner (practical photographer) ■
n-trSS" re< » ulr d - Address T. W., 1716 West
' 'it ß l&riu.
G b°<. D barber wante<l . steady Job. 1 Ellis St.,
HELP WANTED— Continued.
LUNCH waiter wanted. 210 First st.
GOOD short order cook. 427 Larkin st.
BRIGHT boy wanted. , r .M Geary st. Call bet.
7 and 8. '
W A X T K I > -Boy 14 'or 15 years of age. Applr
500 Haight st.
WANTED— First and second cook. 218 Powell
street.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
MAN in business house as porter; understands
taking care two horses, waßon: married;
German-speaklns: preferred; no other. An-
swer Box Cl 9, Call.
RECRUITS wanted for the United State*
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men. between the ages of
21 and 3n year.--, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read ana write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 6 inches and 6 feet in height.
For further Information apply at the re-
cruiting office. 20 Ellis St.. San Franctrco, Cal.
GOOD union pressman; must be thorough on
platen and cylinder work: quirk, careful,
conscientious and reliable. Address, plvlng
experience, references, etc.. box 580. Call.
WANTED— To go to HHo, Hawaii; good gen-
eral tinsmith who understands running pipe;
steady work for year; wajres $13 week; refer-
ences required. Apply 664 Mission st.
2000 PAIRS shoes— Another lot of men's shoes;
been silently damaged; at less than on»-
fourth their value; from 25c to $2 50. 66J
Mission st.. bet. First and Second sts.
SHOEMAKERS to get men's calf uppers. $1;
sam» price to order; best American, $1 60.
. SHIRLEY. 921 Howard st.
WANTED— Doctor for medicine company;
must have diplomas and lecture. Write with
full particulars to J. O. OLIVER. Grand Cen-
tral Hotel, Stockton. Cal.
WANTED — An experienced city salesman.
Brownstone Wine Company, 331 Ellis st.
E. SIMON wants 100 men to Ret bottle beer
or wine. 6c: best, free lunch. 643 Clay st.
ROSEDA LE House, 321 Ellis— Roome 25c to $1
night: $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
I SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S. 504 Davis st., near Jackson.
' MEN'S soletng, 50c; !adles\ 40c: while you
wait. 638 Market; branch. 767 Market.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment Of-
fice. S. FUCHS. Sec. 325 Grant aye.
7 MARKET of~Tha Call;
want ads and subscriptions taken.
ei6 LARKlN— Branch office of The Call; want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c night, 75c and $1
week. Llndell House. Sixth and Howard.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. 8.
F. Barber College. 138*4 Eighth.
ELCHO House, 863% Market St.— Rooms Wo..
26c to EOc nleht: $1 to $2 week.
ROOMS, 15c to 75c per night; 50c to $1 60 per
week- Oriental. 225 Drumra st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764H Mission;
men to take rooms: 10c, 15c and 260 per
night; 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WANTED, to collect wages due laborers and
clerks. KNOX Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln. Reno Housa proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. : 150 large
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St.. near
Market: 200 rooms. 25c a night: reading-room:
free 'bus and barpac» to and from the f»rrr.
AGENTS WANTED.
MORE territory left for Perfection Burner:
consumes kerosene; $R to £12 day: company
manufacturing sold "S doz«n one day. Pact-
flc Supply Company, room £2. Flood RulMlng.
PARTNERS WASTED.
$300— WANTED, partner to enlarge established
business. 41 Turk st.
FURNITURE WAKTED.
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. 840 Mis-
sion et. : tel. Mint 1821.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
pomerv st : hle-hest prices prvri. T«l. D->vlq 71
HOUSES WANTED.
I WANT a sunny flat or house. 7 to 9 rooms,
in perfect condition, 15 minutes' waik from
Palace Hotel, for 1 year or longer: if partry
furnished will board owner If desired on suit-
able terms: rent must be about S3O; family 4
adults. AiMreps box H3l. Call office.
BOARDING WANTED.
YOUNG lady wishes room and board; state
terms. Address box 5^5, Call office.
WANTED— >IIS(EI,L iM-IOIS.
; WANTED— To rent or buy. a photograph gal-
lery. Address box 637, Call office.
WE buy all kinds of second-hand tools, Btcnraa
etc. JAMES CURTIN. U3S Market st. '
! SECOND-HAND clothing, dresses, sealsklnsT
wanted; best prices; send postal. 1020 Folsom.
ION furniture, pianos; no removal ; lowest rates-
no com. SCRIBNER & CO.. 7 City Hall Sqre.'
MACHINERY, belting, pipe, scaies. tools, etcT7
bought and sold. J. Livlnjrston, 204 Mission.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. sliver, oast-ofi
clothing bought. Add. COT/EMAN. 41 Third.
HORSES.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged: cheap storage; 40 horses; must
sell. T. P. NEWELL, ISO: Mission, cor. 14th.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies
carts, harness: Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers
BO HEAD of horses suitable for any bualnes*
Old Turk street Car Stable. 1301 Turk st.
4 MARKET st.— Branch office of The Callt
want ads and subscriptions taken. .
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SECOND-HAND grocery, bakery delivery
wage ns, 2-wheeled carts, road wagons, bug-
gies and harness bargains for cash. Fifteenth
and Valencia sts.
TOP buggy, new grocery, business buggy and
good 3-sprlng delivery wagon. . 1161 Howard.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or installments; 1 fine top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. S2S Harrison st.
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:89
o clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
100- ROOM house; fine corner $7000
27-room house on Post st 1600
24-room house near Call office _.. 800
34 rooms, fine oorner ISOO
89 rooms, corner, the very best 2000
14 rooms, on O'Farrell st., only 630 *>*.
108-room hotel, 0n1y.... 6500 W
16 rooms, on Market, part offices 850 ;
80-room house, must sell 750
14 rooms, on Golden Gate are., rent $40 600
12 rooms, central, good furniture 250
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.. opp. Fifth.
: WINSTON & CO.. :
No. 646 MARKET STREET,
RELIABLE BROKERS. —
15 rooms. $400 cash, balance payments $800
21 rooms, rent $65; elegant; bargain 630
32 rooms, must be sold: sickness 700
22 rooms, near Market st.: bargain 423
18 rooms, rent $50; house full «oo
82 rooms, corner, only 900
82 rooms— Market st. ; nicely furnished; rent
$2 60 per room; clears $100 per month; one-
half cash; balance 1 per cent. W. M. EL-
SOM. 1346 Market st. ■
I MINNA, 6R7. corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay window room; $1 a week.
FOR SALE— Lodging-house. 4U San-
some st. - . .
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
THE furniture comDlete of a 6-room cottag*
set ready for housekeeping: also several well-
bred Japanese pug dogs: everything goes at
?nge a at % Vry^t^^ ■
FOR SALE— Nice furniture. 5 rooms; kitchen
Ji^4Tu I rk'st" ented: Pay the reAt: "Sr
"I IIA1 IA T F ;? ST^Branch office or Vhe Calf
Subscriptions and ads taken. v-an.
STORAGE. .'
AT low ,- rates — Furniture, carpets . nlano«.
household goods; clean, light conTpartmtS??*.
advances made. J. NOONAN ion tS •
Mission st.. above Sixth; open evening ■
AT lowest rates— Household goods pianos- art*
_..ZEHFI.SS^S4O st . Tel. Mint 1821
SEWING MACHINES.
12 « MC lT rlIL Y : , , rentea . repair^dTw^rsoW^
machine supplies. 145 Sixth st. " ÜBnl> 8om »
ALL kinds boirght, sold, exchanged rental • i^
! A repairing; lowest rates.' 205 Fourth st.-' }
PHYSICIANS.
I 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty. '
12O« Market; diseases of women a specialty.BISI.XESS CHANCES.
(550— ROADHOUSE, about 1" miles from San
Francisco; :' acres of picnic ground, pavilion,
5 living rooms, dining hall: rent J4f; a No. 1
paying place. Particulars, WILKE, :■■
Market street.
m house, liiilf block from
Market st. and Baldwin Hotel: rent ftf;
greatest bargain; owner im:st leave alone; a
great rtreet.
a £ . best paying corner saloon on Sixth st. ;
rent J4>.'; a genuine business offer; rarest
chanci In the market. Ail particulars, call
WILKE, 7<:: Market st.
|M 0 CHOP h use and restaurant; established
many years and doing a first-class bu
meals. 20 cents and above; choicest location
.-:te ferry landing; rent low; tease.
WILKE, 7^3 Market st.
VLOON; establ -i ■• I yeats; close to three
theaters an.l Baldwin Hotel; low rent, doing
good paying business; first-class bargain.
WILKE, 788 Market st.
SALOON; established many years; sur-
rounded by shipping offlci b and factories;
rent ?17; a flrst-elasa, paying place; actual
value about 1800; bargain. Particulars
WILKE. TB3 Market fit.
UtOO— RAREST chance; corner saloon in very
best location in city: established many
years. • • r. at ■ $250 per mo : lease;
large stock; the very l.^st •■lass at customers
Particulars. WILKE, 7^ Market f=t.
I I. n and Brst-class paving saloon: close
to BaMwin Hotel: besi custom; net
rent $60; a Bne business opening. Inquire
WILKE. 783 Market st.
Iftifi BAKER Lrlor on principal I
Ftreer - -..ill In the
city. CURRAN >v CO.. SO Keamy st !
s IRPEXTER shop and shooting gallery;
bargain (TIIHAN S Cearny st.
$ - vT.i'iN; half price; going to Klondike.
CURRAN & Co .. St. ;
; RANCH baksi y and re; 5
rooms. CURRAN a.- CO.. SO Keamy si
NOTICE— ARMSTRONG & CO.. -■ , Market-
ht.. will sell :• o'ir oiisin->ss quick for cosh.
POOO— GROCERY and bar Hne I.
1760 Restaurant <i lnu Iness.
- ing house . !•• st location.
$125 — Branch bakery near Market st.
Bee ARMSTI ! VLLIBON. 865% Market
WANTED -Persona with from 1200 to $10,000 to !
control sale and manufacturing in towns,
counties or States .•:' a patented device for
hitching and unhitching hi 1 at get-
ting out of vehicle; prevents runaways;
profits on sales nnually; no can-
vasslng; Now York and Illinois already sold;
call at once nrrt get choice of territory. I.
B SNELL, room 137. Lick House, Montgom-
ery Ft . near Market. San Francisco, CaJ.
STOCK and fixtures of grocery store, iron
safe, scales, etc.. located at 401 Third st.: I
also horses, harness, buggy, wagons, etc .
for sale; sealed buis will he received by the
undersigned up to 11 a. m. Thursday, Janu-
ary 20, 1898. Parties wishing tti see Inventory
cr to inspect the stock apply to D. A. CUR-
TIN. Mills building, third floor, room 24.
1600— SAFE and sure investment; transient
lodging-house: 6" beds: best location in city;
guaranteed to clear $S5 monthly; no trouble
for party to run; month's trial before pur-
chaslng. Apply HEALY .v- CO., '.<:: .Market.
CANDY-STORE: Market St.; receipts $300 per
month; offer wanted. DECKER. 1020 Market.
LA ESTHF.LI.A Mining and Milling Company
Is prepared to sell a limited number of Fhares
at 50c per share; cash or Installments, see
our specimens In Tuolumne County exhibit at
the Miners' Fair, and send for prospectus and
particulars to La Estrella Mill-
ing Company, box 395, Sonora, Tuolumne
County, Cal.
GOOD CHANCE— NeatIy fitted up restaurant
for sale: doing good business; in the heart of
Oakland; don't fail to see this. Apply at 214
Sixth st., Oakland.
PATENT?.
SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Patent Agents;
established 1562. 818 Pine st.. city.
PAYING city route; clearing $100 a month or no
sale; tria! given; no experience. 4021, Geary.
MAKE offer on saloon at 1016 Market s-
opportunity.
$160— SALOON In best business block In this
city; for sale cheap. 637 Clay st.
YOUNG man with $500 would like to invest In
6i.me business. Box «33. Call office.
CHOP house for sale. Apply 29 Fourth st.
PARTNER wanted for general merchandise
and auction business In a prosperous mining
community: big returns already proven, war-
ranting Increase of capital. Call or address
room 2. Crocker building.
$1100— BAKERY and confectionery in the best
Eart of City; Store trade dally $19 to J22;
•:niays $3» to $40; outside trade 9 to 11;
without wagon route. Apply r-all Office.
DOWNTOWN notion-store. located In the
heart of the traffic, with a good stock and
long lease at low rent, price $5000; principals
enly: good reason for selling. 1314 Call.
PLAY the race? on our new system: *C 0 a week
on $100 capital: no charges unless successful.
Call or write the American Turf Bureau,
rooms 5 and 6. 850 Market st., S. F.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call, sent to any address in the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
PINE grocery end saloon: doing a large bar
business; transfer corner: located on junc-
tion of car line. Inquire at grocery store.
northen=t corner of Eighteenth and Valencia.
I have |20t which I would like to invest in
an Interest In a cigar stand or some legiti-
mate busin-ss; gl\-e full particulars. Ad-
dress box 027. Call office.
$1200— CORNER grocery and bar; best part
Western Addition: full value In Bight;
thorough investigation. Apply 805, Claus
Sj.reckels building.
RELIABLE saloon man with few hundred dol-
lars can get first-class chance to go Into
business. Call U. 6 Front atieet.
WANTED— To buy half or whoM butcher busi-
ness ;n country: «tate particulars. Address
box 624. Call office.
$55<1 BUYS the best equipped and paying res-
taurant in city; no triflers. 402H Geary st.
FOR sale — Whole or part Interest in profitable
busluess. Box 572, Call office
BHOK store in good country town; bargain.
A idress C. L. SMTTHK, Baldwin Hotel.
fftV> — FRENCH liquor store for sale. Inquire
at Valencia and Thirteenth streets.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry: l°w interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
PARTNER wanted in bar ana dining-room of
a hotel which has the best location in town
and has 95 rooms that are all taken. For
Information address box 618. Call.
GOOD morning paper route; part cash. Appl)
J. MARTIN. 6 Eddy st.. bet. 1 and 2 o'clock.
$150 — SALOON; b&rgaln; good business place;
cheap rent; must be sold* 805 Howard st.
RESTAT'RANT for sale. 138 Second street.
GOOD paying saloon; A-No. 1 location. 806
Clay st.
PARTNER— Stock In hand Invoices over $30,000:
trade big: too large for one to handle; man
more than ensh wanted. Box 543. Call office.
OLD established stationery, notion and book-
store; good living for small investment. Call
or address H. 1503 Park St., Alameda.
627 MOXTOOMERYTcor. Clay— Open until 9:10
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken.
FOR SALE— Stationery and book store; fine
location; good bargain. N. A., box 11, Call
office, Oakland.
PORTLAND agency this paper. Inquire this
office or at 133 Third St.. Portland. Oregon.
COFFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. HARWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st
GENTLEMAN partner, commission business
in the country. 1416 Market, rm, 17, 2d floor.
WOOD and coal yard for sale cheap: must be
cold by February 1. Address box 605, Call.
WANTED— Goodwill of country saloon; state
price; no agents. Box SCI, Call office.
$850— PIOAR and news stand In railroad sta-
tlon. S.. box 10, Call of nee. Oakland.
$25— STORE to let. cor. Oak and Franklin; suit-
able for any business. IE Grant aye.
RESTAURANT for sale at your own price If
sold this week. 43 Third st.
A WEEKS news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
$s**)— Restaurant; good business; trial given.
233 Sixth Bt.
AU'KA ENTERPRISES.
DETERMINED men wanted for Alaska gold
fields- -A company of 25 able-bodied, good and
responsible men. Including the captain, is
formed to go to a certain location In Alaska,
where gold is known to exist in abundance.
The party to consist chiefly of mechanics.
Blacksmiths and carpenters and one engineer
for thr steam launch. A deposit of $000 is
required.
This deposit Includes a two-years* supply
Of provisions, all mining tools required an
equal share In the vessel and steam, launch
and an equal share in the mining returns.
The above deposit will defray all expenses
for two years, excepting clothing, which will
have to be furnlfhed by each individual. For
further particulars apply to
miiO, NEWMAN & IKENBERG.
Cor Pr.iu am] California »t«.
ALASKA Caisson ICtnlfig and Trading Com-
pany; offlco No ?.7 Crocker building. B. F —
The company proposes river mining for gold
In Yukon River by means of a superior In-
vention, to establish sawmills and machine
shops and work with gr«-at profit In other di-
rections. Call cr write; full particulars.
Shares, $10.
HOUSES TO LET.
WHY pay rent? Why not build? You can do
so. If you have mortgaged and wish to pay
It off easily you can get best terms of Amer-
ican Investors' Co., II Montgomery st.
ALL OVER TOWN 1 ,' ■
You nee house? to rent by BALDWIN A
HOWELL,' 10 Montgomery.
TWENTY-SIXTH, 4126— Whole or part of
house, 7 rooms; modern: yard.
WILLOW aye.. 511— House of 3 rooms, with or
without stable. -
COTTAGES TO LET.
ELLIS, 1705. nr. Steiner — Nicely renovated 6
rooms; bath; modern; water free, $17.
NEW 4. 5 and 7 r. ; $10. $15 and $20; or will sell,
*.*■" to $r,O cash; bal. same as rent. 646
Market st. _••
|7, $S and 1$ cottages. 3 and 4 rooms; good or-
der. Apply MS Bryant, or Umbsen & Co.. 14
Montgomery st. ' •
FLATS TO LET.
FLATS of 4 and 5 rooms on sunny side of
Clementina St., bet. First and Second. Keys
at 70 Clementina st.
DALE place. 12. off Golden Gate aye., between
■ I^avenworth and Hyde — 3 large rooms.
ELEGANT corner flat. 6 rooms and bath;
modern improvements. 730 Devisadero st.,
corner Fulton.
EIGHTEENTH. 4.".5f.A. near Hattle — Sunny
flats, 4 and 5 rooms and bath.' slo and $13.
FOURTEENTH, 736. near Market— Handsome
middle flat: 7 rooms.
4io JESSIE, bet. Fifth and Sixth sts.— Suuny
side fiat of 5 rooms.
i LOWER flat of 4 sunny rooms, 172 Hawthorne
St.. near Harrison.
NEW modern flat: Just completed: latest im-
provements. S2S Lombard st., cor. Jones.
ALL OVER TOWN —
You fee flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOW ELL. 10 Montgomery st.
A $25 nice cottages and flats on Geary St., nr.
Polk. SPECK CO.. 602. Market St.
NATOMA, 714— Flat of 4 rooms; large yard;
cellar; sun all day; $10.
FINE, sunny flat, 6 rooms and bath. 2134
O'Farrell st.
i UPPER sunny corner flat, 7 rooms; rent low.
1 2:53 Page st.
STEVENSON, 1606, near Eighteenth— of 4
rooms; hall; double parlors; $10.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
! 627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:3(
j o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
: tions and want ads taken.
I — — — — —^—^—
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BARTLETT. 414. near Twenty-nth— Flat. 3
rooms, pink room and bath; all sunny: nicely
furnished; hot water supplied: rent $13.
CAPP, 814—4 sunny rooms; furnished for house-
keeping; also single rooms
ELI. IS. 33^- Furniuhe.l back room; privilege
light housekeeping; closet: stove; water; $10.
FIRST, 2* ;'. nice front rooms, completely fur-
nlsfaed for housekeeping. $12.
FOLSOM, 523, near Becond Uirge front bay-
window room for housekeeping: one single
alt) h t nn.l cold water and bath.
GOLDEN GATE AYE. 404--3 sunny front
s. complete housekeeping; $25; also un-
fur'iishe.l rooms.
GOLDEN GATE aye.. 820— Sonny parlor floor;
[ housekeeping; .$25: also other rooms.
EN GATE ay- ; front
52C. also pnrlor floor.
GROVE, 202, cor. Van Ness aye.— Sunny unfur-
nished "-room suites; with gas stove.
HAIGHT, ii v ''~ Two housekeeping ro,.ms, with
use of bathroom.
HARRIETT, 15—2 sunny furnished housekeep-
ing rooms; $9. .-. .
HARRISON. 417— Furnished rooms for house- i
keeping; $7 per month.
HOWARD. 525—2 rooms furnished complete for
housekeeping; rent $?.
HOWARD, 821— Housekeeping rooms: single, $7
and $3 per month; suites, $12; other rooms.
JESSIE, 433—2 nice sunny furnished house- '
keeping rooms: rent $S: cheap.
MISSION Two large front rooms and
kitchen; also others, cheap, I
NEW MONTGOMERY, 105— Cheap furnished
housekeeping and single rooms.
O'FARRELL. 635%— 0ne to five unfurnished
rooms and bathroom: reasonable.
SECOND, 52— Light housekeeping, single and
double rooms; very reasonable.
SIXTH, 119 A— or 4 sunny rooms, furnished
complete for housekeeping.
SOUTH PARK. IR4— 2 sunny front rooms,
nicely furnished for housekeeping.
STANLEY Place, 19- $lO. 6 nice sunny rooms,
including bath, also $7 .O. 4 Rood rooms.
VAN NESS AYE., 817. cnr. Ellis st.— Sunny
front housekeeping. $18; also unfurnished.
€15 LARKlN— Branch office of the Call. Sub-
■crlpUaaa and want ads taken.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds, jew-
elry: low interest-. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
ROOMS TO LET. *
; BUSH, 2526 — 2 sunny front rooms, furnished for |
light housekeeping; no children.
i SHERMAN Apartment House. 28 Eighth St..
near Market; furnished and unfurnished.
. GEARY. Sunny furnished rooms for gents;
Man '-
GOLDEN GATE aye., 1050—1 or 2 well-fur-
nished sunny rooms, with kitchen, for light
housekeeping, with gas cookstove and free :
use of telephone.
HOWARD. 715, St. Davids— 2oo rooms; suites;
single; sunny reading-room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 821— The Globe— 6o rooms; suite and
single; reading rooms; from 25c per night
ana $1 per wees! up.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Keamy fit.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in every respect: terms reasonable.
MARKET, 1032— (New management); fine, clean
rooms, $1 to $2 50 per week; transient, 25c up.
■ McALLISTER. 14— Fine large studios, class-
rooms, offices. $8 per month up; suites, $14.
• MCALLISTER. lOCO— A front furnished room;
1 • sun all day: running water; gas; $6 per mth.
• MINNA, 667, corner Eighth— Newly furnished
bay-window room, $1 a week.
, HANCOCK HOUSE. TO Mission; select family
I rooming house; $1 60 to $C per week.
; POST. 2406— Sunny furnish"! room In private
family; use of kitchen, or board of desired:
cheap to desirable party.
! POWELL, 233— New house; newly furnished;
suits and single; also office rooms.
I GRAND SOUTHERN. BE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms, en suite and
; single: elevator; moderate ratesf families.
SEVENTH, 142— Furnished suites and single
j rooms at lowest rates. MRS. PRAHL, prop.
; SIXTH, 125— Cheapest In city; nicely furnished
sunny front rooms, double and single.
STOCKTON, 17, European— Elegant rooms;
suite or single: day. week or month: baths;
hot and cold water; transient; elevator.*
; TAYLOR, 1509, near Pacific— Sunny room; pri-
vate family; references; rent $8.
' WASHINGTON, Why pay carfare and use
: extra fuel? 3 sunny housekeeping rooms, $8;
! also 2 for $6.
600 BUSXKSS6 cards printed II; 25 visiting
cards. 25c. HILL. 724',t Murket st.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ad,-; taken.
Sl' i.VKY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. II Grant ay.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
AMERICAN lady livir.fr In one of the healthi-
est locations in San Rafael will take chil-
dren of good family to board; best ol care
and training. Address W. A. V., box 652,
San Rafael.
WANTED— A child over 3 to raise; reference.
Address A. Call. Sixteenth and Mission
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; good
home. Box 611. Call.
WANTED— ChiId to board; best of care; terms
reasi.ntiMe. 1"34 M.-Aillstt-r
CARPET CUBAJfUra.
CITY Steam Carpet-Cleaning Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. RTEVENB. Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 160.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
send to 81'AULDINO'S Pioneer Carpet-
boating Works, 353-07 Tehama St.; tel. So. 40.
GREAT Eastern Steam Carpet-Claanlng
Works. 14 Bth st.. B GRANT Tel. Jessie 201.
CAUI'ETS defined, renovated like new. J.
M'QUEEN. 4f,3 Stevenson: tel. 8. 225.
ADVANCE Caruet-cleunlnK Co., 420 Butter;
tel. Main 394. OEO. WALCOM, prop.
CLEANING, 3c; laying, 3c; rug samples free,
tel Jessie 544. Stratton. 3 Eighth.
CARPETS cleaned and renovated like new.
23 Tenth; tel. South 36. Mackintosh * Co.
T E. MITCHELL. Carpet-cleaning Co.. 140 14th
■t. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mis. 74.
CONKLIN'S rarr-et-beatlrig works, 33S Uoldea
Gate aye. Telephone East 126.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, TUESDAY, JANUARY 18, 1898.
. BOARDING AND nOOMJ
EDDY. 220— Sunny front single and double
rooms; flrst-elass board, $3 SO.
FELL. 24— Sunny furnished rooms: board op-
tional;- parlor for 2 with board, $35.
FOLSOiI. 611— Swedish private boarding, with
loom. $4 to $5 per week: nice location.
HOTEL SALISBURY: beautiful grounds; ta-
ble unsurpassed. 299 Hyde. cor. Eddy.
LYON. US, cor. Fulton— Front room, with
board. In private family; near panhandle.
VAN NESS aye . BOS Newly furnished sunny
_rooms: good board: terms moderate.
STORES TO LET.
T ?. LET — StorTsTTnd loigtng booses"^ the
Lincoln School property, southeast corner
Market and Fifth sts. A. J. RICH & CO..
Real Estate Agents. 112 Montgomery st.
STORE anil rooms for grocery or bakery; fix-
tures. Corner Page and Lacuna ets.
TO let -Shop and stable. 3241^ Sixteenth St.,
near Dolores.
STORE an.l 6 rooms; suitable for butcher
shop or fruit store; cheap. Cor. Twenty-
seventh and Alabama.
OFFICES TO LET.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— FoTofflce and resl-
; dence; 1 rooms; very choice: Investigate.
? BAY-WINDOW suites, 2. 3 rooms, nicely fur-
nished;, suitable offices; reasonable. Kills.
21S SANSOME Ft., now occupied by W. Loatza
& Co. ASHTON. 411 Montgomery st.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 ro8t?^~Book^
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages. English branch-
es f electrical, civil & mining engineering, sur-
veying, assaying, navigation, etc.; 20 teach-
ers day and pure, sessions; catalogue mailed.
AYRES' Business College, m Montgomery St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
ENGINEERING school; civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech.. purvey, assay, archit. ; day & eve.;
Sat l'« 4. VAN PER NAII.LKN. Ml Market.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting room makes you
thorough. Room Wit, BBS Market st.
LADY teaches piano, mandolin. 50c an hour;
excellent pianist and accompanist for enter-
tainments and vocalists. 1209 Octavia st.
ASSAYING— A few students In assaying at
reduced rates; apply at once. A. A. HAI'KS,
7i> Montgomery sti
FLUTE, mandolin, guitar lessons: club $1
monthly. PROF. GASTALDL 710 Lombard.
BOOKKEEPING, arithmetic, writing, gram-
mar; day, night: J5 mo. i.vh Market, op. Bth.
INDIVIDUAL Instruction, shorthand and type-
writing: terms reasonable. 1015 A Post st.
PAN FRANCISCO Business College. 1236 Mar-
ket St.; 124 positions In '96; 103 In '97.
LUDLTM School of Elocution and Dramatic
Art. 92S Putter st.
PROF M KOLANDER, teacher mandolin,
guitar and banjo. 935 Market st., off Mh.- .n.
VOICE culture, piano Parts graduate; French,
Spanish; new classes; $2 mo. 10. Taylor st.
FISK teachers' agencies In 10 cities: teachers
wanted now. 420 Parrott bullling.
GT'ITAR, mandolin, piano and \ ocal lessons;
$3 month Mary We«=thnu«, HO Fifth »t.
MLSICAL HITRI SkJCNTS.
ANY person having use for a riano need not
do without when Koi.tl Instruments can be
purchased from u» at cash prices upon
monthly payments of *3. $4. $3, $>•.. $7, $&. fi,
$10; handsome scarf and wood Feat stool In-
cluded ;no charge for cartage. I'urcahse your
medium and low price pianus where they can
be exchanged for a Ptelnway without sacri-
fice. SHERMAN, clay A CO.. Stelnway
Dealers, cor. Kearny and Butter sts.
ABFOI.T'TELY the oldest and larfst house
west of Chicago Is KOHLF-R & CHASE'S.
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrell Ft. Pianos, organs
crd all oth'T musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. T^rms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the cut-t
BEFORE buying a piano It will pay you to
consult us. Why? Because we buy only In
carload lots, pay cash for everything and
five the purchuser the advantage gained
thereby. BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. 1C to 20
<■ Farrell St., Curtaz block.
CONOvTER, slightly used. $tto.
Bteiawajr, slightly used. $I7R.
Chlckertng. second hand. $190.
Large stock. lowest prices, rent. Installment
The F. W SPENCER CO.. 933 Market «t.
PIANOS at cut prices: Improve the opportu-
nity; agency famous Halnes Bros., Bush &
Gerts and Bollcrman. WM. C. HAMILTON,
successor to A. L. Bancroft & Co., 321 Post.
KEEFFE'S. 1021 Van Ness aye.. 3 fine up-
rlKhts. little used, sacrificed: Schubert.
Steinway and Decker Bros.
DECKER * SON pianos are always satisfac-
tory. Get low prices from Mauvals Music
Co., 769 Market St.
SOHMER&Co., Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans.
Briggrs and other pianos: see our rent plan;
no Interest first year. 308, 310, 312 Post.
ADMINISTRATOR'S sale— Must sell pianos at
immense reduction for cash or on Install-
ments. EATON ESTATE. 783 Market st.
A fine piano sacrificed for cash: see It this
morning, as the first caller will surely take
It. Room 12 Flood building.
FOR salo— Kroeger upright piano: 7V4 octave;
slightly used: guaranteed for 34 years: no
reasonable offer refused. 2674 Twenty-second.
SMALLEST ad. lowest price. Heine. 136 Ellis.
A— sso: fine large upright: sacrificed tor cash.
1361 Folsom st.. corner Tenth.
$40 piano: splendid Instrument; great sacri-
fice, 113IH Mission st.
BARGAIN— upright cheap. SCHMITZ, 18
McAllister St.. near Hlbernia Bank.
HORNUNG'S new 6tyle pianos; most perfect,
brilliant, powerful tone. 216 Post st.
KINGSBURY (1897 model) is the piano you
want. J. HARRY SCOTT, C 26 Hayes st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles
KOHLER .<: CHASE. 30 O'Farell st.
JJJW^,. .^. JW^__ r TEA3.
' TEAS.
10, 25. 80, 33. 40. 50 per pound.
COFFEES. '
10, 16. 20, 25. K. 40 per pound.
SPICES,
10, 15, 20, 25. 40 per can.
RUNNING 100 STORES ENABLES US TO
SELL VERY CHEAP.
WE GIVE FREE
PRETTY DISHES,
GOLD WATCHES,
BICYCLES,
MUSIC BOXES.
AIR RIFLES. -'
GREAT AMERICAN IMPORTING TEA CO.
. Stores Everywhere.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
PIPE for sale— looo feet 4. 5 and 6 Inch*
wrought iron; good as new; half price *n-
ply 251S Pine St. V
CONCERT Martin guitar cheap; price $21
cost $45. UNCLE HARRIS. 15 Grant aye. '
FINE large dog for sale; for Klondike. 1133
Folsom st.
FOR Sale— Second-hand lumber, t. and g. $B~-
flooring. $10; pine, $6; Bay District track
buildings.
ST. BERNARD and black French poodle pups.
Danes, fox terriers, foxhound bitches; clos-
ing out kennels. 405 Frederick St.
FRESH milch cow and calf; also 2-wheeled
cart. 935 Elizabeth St.
FIXE saloon front, embossed stained glass
nickel plate, very cheap. 11C6 Mission st.
GAS stoves for heating, one-half price; 1 and
2 bowl barber • warhstands, cheap. H.UF-
SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye.
SOME new and second-hand Sterling wheels;
bargains. NICHOLS & CO., 404 Battery st.
SAFES— Bargains in new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 103-111 Market. S. F.
GRAPHOPHOXES, 110: Records, $5 per do*.:
Projectoscope. JlOO. Bacigalupi. 533-94G Mrkt.
BOILERS, engines. 2d hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN, 137 Beale st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hana
building material. 1122-36 Mission st.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay et.
BARS, back bnrs, mirrors, showcases, coun-
■ tors, linoleum. • office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
| ond-hand. J. NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, eto.,
bought and sold. lOCS Mission, near Seventh.
FOR SALE — Cheap; second-hand fireproof safe,
at 42 Main st. •- -
SECOND-HAND dynamos, gasoline and steam
engines, boilers, pulleys, shafting, laundry
machinery, etc. SMITH CO., £27 Mission at.
PERSONALS.
WANTED— Youns men of good standing to
Join a select club. Box 620, Call Office. -
1000 CARDS, $1 P0: 1000 bill heads. $1 90; 1000
statement*. $1 10; 1000 letter heads. $2 60; 10C0
envelopes. $1 90; printed first class: orders of
$6 sent free. BROWN & BLEY CO.. print-
ers and photo-engravers, 13 to 27 Stevenson.
PSYCHROMETRIC poems written while you
wait; also inspirational paintings, mining
ncenes, etc., executed immediately. MRS. A.
E. DE STEFFANI. at Ep worth House, 1037H
Market Et.
DR. CON-DORY'S ~~ i •
Klondike condensed food capsules. Price,
100 capsules $10, 1000 capsules $90. Address
DR. V. CONDORT,
_^ 953 Howard st
PROF. J. GREVKN will introduce three more
talent to the public in their own concert a:
Y. M. C. A. Hall, on January 25. 189 S. Miss
M. De Chent, dramatic soprano; Miss I.
Brown, mezzo soprano, and MR, M. AL-
BERT, high lyric tenor.
ALASKA— We m sh to inform intending Kl.n-
dlkers that we have the largest and most
complete stock of Arctic fur clothing and na-
tive boot*, made by the Esquimaux 01 the
Arctic Circle STABENS & FRIEDMAN. 2U7-
259 Pacific St.
ONLY the best of expert artists employed here;
fine work for 25c; good switches. $1 finest,
best quality. $3 50; extra heavy, long. $3;
open Sundays from 9 to 12 a. m. G. LEDE-
REK.* 11l Stockton st. ■
BIG outdoor stereoDtlcon ehqw every night
cor. Market and Sixth: artistic advertise-
ments In living light; promoters of business.
Consult OWL ADV. CO. 1140 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House. 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
25c to $1 DO per night: $1 50 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from th» ferry.
MISS ANDERSON, graduate. Swedish nurse:
baths; p» - u.ne mai>sage; Swedish movement;
ladies, gents. 906 Market, room 25. 2d floor.
NEW method: massage and electric treatments
for nervousness, general debility, etc.; hours
10 to 6. MRS. JOHNSON. 514H Geary st.
ADVICE free; divorce laws specialty: private;
no fee without success: collections. O. W.
HOWE, att-at-law. 850 Market, cor Stockton.
BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. BRUNT. 625 Clay St.. B. F.
FIRST-CLASS business cards, cheap. We<>t
Coast Publishing Co., 14 McAllister, room 20.
FRENCH cooking lessons; MBS. M. ERIKSON.
714 Leavenworth; Wd., 2-1; Sat . 3-5. Tu.. 8-10
SUIT to order on easy Installments. I*.
LKMOS. IU7 Market it., bet. 7th and Bth.
QUINONIA hnir tonic; a preparation unsur-
pasye.i. Be. <: LEDERER, ill StcK-kton st.
$14- Fuit to order: samples; try one. NEU-
HAI'S & CO.. tailors. 11". Keamy st
CLOAKS and tailor-mada suits retailed at
wholesale figures. M Snnsome st.
BRANCH office of The Call. 167 Ninth st—
Want ads nnd subscriptions taken.
SUPERFLUOUS hairs removed by electrolysis.
MRS. DR. WELCH. 2115 Bush.
A WEEK'S news for I cents— The Weekly I
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
DRESSMAKERS.
GOLDSTEIN— Elegant stylish dresses.
** up: dresses made over. 6 Eddy St.. rm. 88.
CLAIKVOI AMS.
MRS~~I>R. V CLARK! the distinguished
trance clairvoyant and medium: while en-
tranced she will reveal every hidden mystery
in life: she will show you how to overcome i
your enemies, remove family troubles, restore |
lost affections; unites the separated, recov-
err lost, stolen or buried property: locates
treasures, minerals: tolls your entire life,
past, present and future, while In a perfect
trance. Hours 10 a. m to 5 p. m.; perfect
satisfaction guaranteed by mall. Send stamp
for circular with special terms. MRS. DR. F.
CLARK, raM M ■ - '. 1206 Market, opp. 6th.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader. born double veil and second sight;
diagnosis disease, full life reading; la.. 60c;
gents ♦!: palm. & clalrv. ; sit.- II 80. 1M Turk.
REMOVED— Km. T.eneriar tells fortunes by
planets; prd'td "74" steamer on Island. 23^
Sixth, room 6. ■
JUST arrived from New York City, medium 1
and card-reader: present, past, future. 765 |
Market st., room 2.
ARRIVED— MME. DAVIS, remarkable clalr-
voyant. card-reader, test medium; fee 25c.
CO2 O'Farrell st.
CONSULT the lucky medium and clairvoyant;
fee 25c. 41 Minna Ft., basement.
MME. STBILLE. cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON: card-reader and
magnetic healer. 12CH O*>ry. parlors 2 and 3.
MISS MELVINA SLATER— Advice on business
matters; satisfaction guaranteed. 797 Mission.
MME. HANSEN. palmist, card- writer; past.
present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, room 5.
MME. SODAN. Scotch seeress. card-reader and
palmist. 619 Eddy. 9 to 8 P. M.
RAY FAIR— reader; magnetic healing a
specialty. 223 Post St.. room 2.
MISS EDNA V. GRANT, mind reader and
p&fmlst. 131 Taylor st., room 3.
MISS MIRANDA, mind reader, electro mag-
netic treatments. 1122 Market st., room SI.
MME. WOODS, mind reader, card reader, mag-
netic charms. 207 Post St.. room 8.
MM!' MOREAU. test medium, clairvoyant,
card reader; 250 up. 73 Fourth st.. upstairs.
DR. ALICE FAY. medium and genuine mag-
netic healer. 12S Seventh St., second floor.
MICE MABEL HALL, card reader, has located
at 1104 Mission St., room 10.
MISS LOLA M. STEVENS, card-reading and
magnetic treatment. 213 Mason, suite 1-2.
MME. AMIR, medium, card reader and mag-
I netic healer: charms. 122 Post St., room 10.
MME. SINSLLA. the business medium and
astrologer. Room 12, 109 Grant aye.
MME LINDEN, returned card reader and mag-
[ netlst: charms. 121 Fourth, room -3
! MRS. MANDENA. medium and palmist; read-
1 ings 25e this week: satisfaction irar'td. it 6th.
MISS MELVILLE, great clairvoyant and
water reader. 921 Vi Mission St.. opp. Mint.
MME RAVENA reads life fluently; business
advice: names (riven: Be up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings dally. 123»A Sixth Ft., room 14.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First In her pro-
feFHinn: never falls: advice: help. 919 Post.
SPIK.TIALISM.
DB N!.''i'S slate-wrltlnn, phenomenal
MUtce tr.-nljrht, iT>c; sittings dally. 1?46
M:irk.-t St.
MRS. MAVm BTEERS. 112' i Oak: circles
Tues. I ii.m.. Thurs 2 p.m.: 25c; readiUKS $1.
C. V. MILLER returned: m-UerlallzinK seance:
8 p. m. Ml I.< j ave!nv"rth st. ; ">0 cents.
MME. YOUNG'S .-onvinclng test circle to-
nlßht. liV. 6'j.") KeAUlattr st. ; rtne muslo.
MRS KLHIK REYNOLDS, materializing st-
ance Tuesday eve ; M 6. 227 Sixth street.
A. M. FRANCIS, Independent elat»-wrlter; de-
veloping circle Wednesday eve 118 Halsht st.
MRS. HOSKINS. spiritual medium: circle
Tueii.. 8 p. m.. 25c: readings, $1. 214 Franklin.
MR& J. J. WHITNEY, spiritual medium, for
ir«-ssares an.l advice. ?1* Stockton «t.
— dentists!! ~~
FULL set of teeth. $5: painless extraction; see
our combination plato, thin as paper; war-
ranted 10 years; teeth without plates; crown
and bridge work our specialty; teeth im-
planted or transplanted: filling!; 50c. crowns
50: a!' work painless and warranted.
Chicago Dental Parlors. 24 Sixth st.
VAN VROOM ' electro-dental parlors: painless
dentistry; no shock; painless extraction a
positive fact: full ret of teeth. $5 up; silver
fillings, 2r,c up: gold crowns. $3 60 up; your
teeth put in without a plate: open evenings.
997 Market st., cor. Sixth; "Phone Jessie 635.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1448 Market, nr. 11th: no
charge for extracting when plates iye made;
old plates made over like new; tettß from IS'
per set: extracting 50c; gas given.
DR. OEOROE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from C to JO O'Farrell.
NF.W Y«rk d-ntists -TMates %-, up: silver Oil -
ines. 250 up: gold fillings. 7T,c up; plates
ni'n.l.d. $J up; painless extroctlon. 50c; all
work warranted. f -G!> Mission. SF.. cor. 6th.
$S— FULL act of teeth: best make: kept In
repair; extracting tree: fillings. 50c: crowns,
J3 r .O. Pacific Dental Parlor*. 13 Third st.
T. A. TEAQUE. A. Cane and F. Teague. re-
moved to Call building, th floor, rms. 603-607.
W. C HARDINCK M D.. .Wi Sutter St.. cor.
Powell; tel. Main 6375; painless extraction.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J
W. KKT. IJ2O Marl: t st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG, I*4l Polk St.
COT. TON I'-rtn! A«so.-lnt I<mi. S0« Market st.
DR. PHART.ES W. DBCKKR.
BJ7 MONTOOMBRT. cor. flay— Oi«n until 9:30
o'clock: branch otSot Of The Call. SubscHp-
tlons nn-1 wnnt no's takWL
TYI'EWRITEr.s.
REMTNC.TON No. I; fine order; ?;:.; sample
•ent. SCOTT & BANNAN, 333 Montgomery.
CITY HEAL ESTATE.
BIG value in real estate at
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market »t.
Loans, 6 to 6^ per cent: Insurance, etc
$155.000— Corner; grand Investment; pays six
per cent net for 10 years.
. $130.000— Corner; brick building; rents $500;
one tenant. \
$123,000— Business property; gilt edge; one ten-
aiit; rent $700.
$100,000— Corner; 75 feet: with new improve-
ments: near Orpheum; for secured tenants; ;
rents $700.
$99.000— Market st., near Baldwin; two fronts. ;
$110,000— 5*0x120 feet: within block of Tfvoll.
$73.000— Corner. 200x137.6. on Leavenworth st;
partly Improved; rents $500.
?3.=i.ooC>— Corner. 220x100. vicinity Mission and
Sixteenth.
$V*;o— Elegant 7-room residence on Geary st.
$2300—4 flats; rents $32.
A. M. SPECK. & CO. ;.'■; ■",'.
BUT A LOT '.
IN THE HEYMAN TRACT.
$5 A MONTH. $3 A MONTH.
As fi special offering we will sell a few of the
choicest lots in the Herman Tract for
$300 EACH. $300 EACH.
Lots are finely situated,' commanding grand
view of the city.
. . ' ■> ;
They are level and ready to build on. Buy
now; they will soon be gone. ■
Take Mission st. cars; transfer to 22d st.
cars: ride to Hoffman aye. Ask for Jas. A
Cotter. He will show you around.
JACOB HEYMAN,
11 Montgomery st.. Owner.
$50 DOWN, balance $13 35 monthly: new 4-room
and bath cottage and lot: close to car lines;
• G already sold. JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Mont-
ComiTy st.
STOP paying rent- Begin the new year right.
Remember the difference between paying
rent and owning your own home is worthy of
a great struggle. .:.-, "
Two cottages of 7 rooms, bath, large pantry,
plenty of closet room, sink tiled, fine high
basement, all floored, brick foundation, cement
side and garden walks, stylish front. 'all mod-
ern Improvements up to date; must be seen to
be appreciated; $3000; terms to suit purchaser.
Apply on premises, corner Oortfaltd aye. and
Mission St.. to J. M. COMERFORD. from 1 to
3:30 p. m.; take Mlsslon-st. cars to Cortland ay.
COTTAGE 4 rooms, basement; lot 30x49: on
Church St.. one block from cars; $1200.
GEORGE PATTERSON & CO., 1709 Market.
ON Lyon St., between McAllister and Golden
Gate aye.. a new, modern seven roomed cot-
tage, beautifully frescoed, and laundry.
$650 WILL build 4-room cottage complete:
will call GEO. M. BALSBURY. builder. 511
X St., Sunset District..
HOUSE, 5 rooms; barn, 2 cows and chicken-
house. 745 Minnesota St.. near Twentieth.
4-RM. cottage and lot. $1500: 1 block from Mis-
sion cars: $16 monthly. nAPIN. 413 Kearny.
COITXTRY itEAL ESTATE.
SWEENY RANCH. "~™~~ "*~
NEAR REDWOOD CITY. SAN MATEO
COUNTY.
• We will subdivide the celebrated ranch of
the late Miles D. Sweeny in tracts of 100 acres
or less; rich soil for fruit, grain and vege-
tables; plenty of water; this property imme-
I diately adjoins Redwood City and Is only one
hour's ride from San Franrlsco: suitable for
small home farms; prices below all former
quotations and upon unusually easy terms.
For particulars cull or address
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
•CIS Market Ft.. San Francisco.
Or our branch office at Redwood City.
MOUNTAIN VIEW LANDS
FOR SUBURBAN HOMES.
Especially adapted to raiding decld-u.us
fruits and vegetables: we have a few choice
subdivisions of 10 to 20 acres each In the New-
hall & Wlas tract, which we offer at extremely
i.'V.- prices and on very easy terms; small cash
payment; balance monthly: one and a half
miles from Mountain View station. Apply for
full particulars to
EASTON. ELDRIDGE & CO..
638 Market st.. San Franciscc
Or WOOSTER & WHITTON.
7 West Santa Clara St., San Jose.
FOR sale— Small orchard near Antloch: trees
4 and C years old; house, barn, chicken-
houses, etc.; bargain; owner goinp East: one-
third cash: balance 1 and I years. W. M
Kl.s. >M. 134« Market st.
10-ACRE fruit ranch In full bearing: near
Santa Rosa; 4-room house, barn; will ex-
change for city property. Address box 598,
Call.
HOUSE of 9 rooms: modern: yard 150 by Ml
fp-t; gr»*»nhouse plants, good water, stnh'.e
and chicken yard: also goldfish pond; big bar-
gain. Call at this office.
ANY one wanting a small ranch, for crazing
f'Urnoses. or a moderate sized orchard, part-
y Improved, payable on very easy terms,
apply to room 703. Claus Spreckels building.
FOR sale— Glen Annie ranch, one of the best-
known ranches In Southern California. Ap-
ply J. PERCY LAWTON. Santa Barbara.
BOOK and list of cheap land free. M. M.
GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta County, Cal.
LITTLE homes close to town: Improved: easy
terms: also 4 to 12 arrerieces on 8 and 10
years* credit. . D. H. TWING. Sonoma City:
every Monitor lit 632 Market St.. S. F. ■ ~ .
MONEY TO i*oaji~.
ANY amount at 6*4 per cent on real estate: 2d
& 3d mortgages, estates, undivided Interests,
real estate In probate, life Insurance, goods In
warehouse, furniture and pianos without re-
moval: mortgages and legacies bought; no de-
lay. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In S. F. . Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOONAN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market St.; tel. Green 204.
WE loan. on real estate at 6 and 6H per cent:
also on second mortgages; life Insurance and
real estate in probate; any sum. Manhattan
Loan Co.. r. 10 (ground floor). Mills building.
ON furniture and pianos without removal: no
commission; lowest Interest: part payments
received: money quick and confidential. 1170
Market St., room 6S. . -c
$1,000,000 TO loan on diamonds; low Interest:
perfect secrecy; private entrance: gentle-
manly assistants. Uncle Harrtii 15 Grant ay.
GO to a regular licensed pawnbroker at 1
Fourth St.. upstairs: strictly private; low
rates; tel. Red 1121: established 1869. •
ON furniture, pianos: city or Oakland; no re-
moval: low rates: no commission: $23 up;
private party. BONELLI. 402 Geary st.
ON furniture, pianos: no commission: low
rates; private. SCRIBNER & -CO., 7 City
Hall Square.
ANY sum on real estate, and estates In pro-
bate. HILL * CO.. 14 McAllister, rm. 64.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. m California st.
iZO TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery.
CITY and country: any sum- Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 62S Mkt st.
On pianos, furniture: no removal: lowest
rater: no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
$100,000 ON life Insurance policies; low Inter-
est. JOS. B. TOPLITZ. 330 pine st.
10 SIXTH— Most reliable place to borrow
money: diamonds and jewelry.
A WEEK'S news for . 5 cents— Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
MONEY WANTED.
WANTED— A mortgage loan of $5500 on first-
class brick corner property in Olvmpla.
Washington. Apply to R. O. OAKLEY, 11
Montgomery st. ' ',-~
FINANCIAL.
J. BOAS. 330 Montgomery st— Loans on life
insurance policies and buys bank books.
I.ovN'f; on real estate, bonds, etc.; lowest
rat"*. McAFKE TUiOS . 108 Montgomery st.
PnOPOSALS.
UNITED States Engineer Office, Burke build-
ing. Seattle, Wash.. Dec. 22. IS97.— Sealed
proposals for constructing a mortar battery
on Admiralty Head. Wash., will be received
here until 2 p. m.. Jan. 26. IS3S. and " then
publicly opened. Information furnished on
application. HARRY TAYLOR, Captain of
Engineer* '
"~" ASSESSMENT NOTICES.
WITTRAM Propeller Company— and
principal place of business, 327 Market at..
Ban Francisco. Cal.
Notice Is hereby given that at a meeting of
the Board of Directors, held on the 10th day
• of December. 1897. an assessment (No. 3, of
one (1) cent per share was levied upon the
capital stock of the corporation, payable im-
mediately in United States gold coin to the
secretary at the office of the company at the
above address.
Any stock upon which this assessment shall
remain unpaid on the 20th day of January
1-: v will be delinquent and advertised for sale
at public auction, and unless payment Is made
before will be sold on the 10th day of Febru-
ary, IS9S. to pay the delinquent assessment, to-
gether with costs of advertising and expenses
of Bale. By order of the Board of Directors.
CHARLES A. HIT,, Pec. 327 Market st.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CUSTOM House. San Francisco. Jan. £ IS3S—
Notice— Certain goeds remaining one year in
bonded warehouse will be sold at public auc-
tion at the United States appraiser's store
on the !€th of January, I*!*, at 11 o'clock
a. m. Descriptive . catalogues can be. had at
the custom house on January 20. ISM, or at
time and place of sate. J. P. JACKSON,
Collector.
OAKLAND; ADVERTISEMENTS. ;
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
COTTAGE for sale; pays over 11 per cent on !
an Investment of $850; 4-room cottage, with I
hath, 6-foot basement, brick foundation, lot
l -xll0; near Grove st., ten minute* from
local train: rented for $3; must be sold. Ad-
dress X. A., box 2, Call office, Oakland.
IT'S not too late: If you come at once you can
buy a cottage, cabin and lot for $150. $10
cash. $3 monthly: a $75 lot. well worth $150.
$5 cash, $3 monthly: streets all graded, some
: macadamized: fine school aid 3 electric-car
lines near: climate, soil and situation very
best. H. Z. JONES, owner of the Allendale
tract. East Oakland. 459 Ninth St.. b*t.
Broadway and Washington. Oakland; car-
riage free. . ' ' I
MODERN residence, 9 rooms, bath, cemented
| basement, etc.; near Grove St.: lot 50x160;
| plumbing nickel plated: electric wiring;
i ftreet work complete; price $3500; terms to
Milt.-. Lake Shore Land Co.. A. H. BREED.
Manager. 1070 Broadway. Oakland.
; ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
| JUST liko paying rent.
IU;0— Colonial cottage, 4 rooms and bath.
JlsOO- Handsome cottage near station.
$3250 — House of 6 rooms; all modern conveni-
ences.
$25."-0— Colonial cottage. 6 rooms; fine grounds.
MARCUSE & REMMEL. Bay st. station
(bread gauge). Alameda: 62"! Market St.. San
Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.-
CHEAPEST and best in America— The W*«k!v
Call. t-ent to any address In the 17ntt»d States
*>r Panada one year for $1 50. pnstnee fr<»»
g I'M)!! KTV TO [ \( ' VNGf.
GOOD-RENTIXO Oakland property to ex-
change for ranches. EDSON & TURTON.
1209 Broadway. Oakland.
$1400— EQUITY 6-room cottage and lot for
acreage or good business. 908 Eagle aye..
Alameda.
37 rooms: city corner; house full. 472 Eighth
St.. Oakland.
PROPERTY WANTED. ~
WANTED— To buy or rent improved ranches:
give us full particulars. A. M. SPECK &
CO.. CO2 Market. ■-
ATTORNEYS AT LAV.
ADVICE free; divorce law a specialty; private;
no fee without success: collections. G. W.
HOWE, atty at law, 860 Market, cor. Stocktn.
ADVICE free — Private law matters: moderate
fees. ATTORNEY McCABE. 103 Larkln st.
ADVICE free: no charpe unless" successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON. SJ7 Market st.
i 167 NINTH St.— Branch office of The Call: sub-
*cript|nns and want ads taken.
MEDICAL.
ALL monthly irregularities or other conditions
from wbatevar oauae restored at once: safe
and sure at any time; kind sympathy and
aid: Instant relief for travelers: tumors re-
moved by electricity: home in confinement;
best n:rf and privacy; fOf gunraateed relief
consult the doctor before going elsewhere;
regulating pills and capsu'.os. SI. MRS. DR.
WYKTH. KS Post st.. near Larkin.
ALL of Dr Fou'.et's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases: posi-
tively safe and sure; no danper or after ef-
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive; ) rice M 00 per box, sent free by
rr.ni! on receipt of price: consultation on all
special diseases free. WALLER PROS.. 33
Orant avt\. S. F. A caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere, write us.
A PROCESS that never falls to restore every
case of monthly sickness from whatever
cause In tew hours when medicines and others
bars taiHrt' no instruments used: many
ypsrs' experience; every rase ginranteed; ad-
vice free: terms reasonable; flrst-cla^a pri-
vate home for confinement. MRS. DR.
DALEY. 112K Market st.. over Owl Drugstore.
SI RE cure wh--n others fall; no medicine or
instruments: every wnrr.an her own phys!-
olan for al! female troubles, no mutter from
what cij.-ie; restore In 1 day: never fails: con-
sultation free: ccn be sent and used at h<->me.
DP> POPPER. 21S Kearny. Orders by tele.
A LOON to wtv™s and mothers— Seg-.iro: prks*
II :a. RICHARDS & CO., -leG Play st.: send >
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu- '
facturing Co.. f.Jtl X St., Sacramento, Cal.
DRS. GOODWIN, diseases of women; ladles:
safe, quick cure guaranteed; any ailment;
maternity home; best care; skill only; low
fees: Dr^ Bchuck's self-cure, $S. 401 Van Ness.
LADIES. Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand) best: safe, reliable; take
no other; send 4c. stamps, for particulars.
"RcM^f for Ladles," letter by return mall; at
druggists. Chlchester Chemical Co., Philn.
ALPEAVS French pills, a boon to ladies with
fern* •■ tr->. r-'es; no danger: safe, fur- S2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don't delay until no late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cbl.
REMOVED— Mrs. Pr. Scott, 410 Geary St., now
ll'i! Market: female complaints and diseases
of ttie eve permanently cured or no charge;
treatment by mall: inclose stamp.
LADIES— Why suffer? Get released from
trouble; irregularities restored without fall;
low fees; specific female pills, $1 50. DR.
KMTTH. UN Market st. ; 1 to 4. 7 to 8 p. m
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: Infallible safe rerae-
Oles; 38 years experience. 254V4 Fourth st.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women
MRS I)R. FfNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
DRS. K. & K. cure chronic, nervous, blood,
«kin or private diseases. 8 Mason st., S. F.
STERILITY cured by Mrs. Dr. Sattler, gradu-
ate midwife, mt l'..\ve!l st. : t'l. rci MU.
PARIS MATERNITY. 609 Bust St.; conflne-
nient nt home. 10 days. $20. Tel. Green 581.
LOST.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of ANNIE C. WILLOCK; No. 216-1366
The finder will please return to bank.
LOST— Chamois bag. containing reviving
locket, breastpin. 3 rings, 2 pair earrings il
black topax, other rhinestonej. 1 Mexican
dollar, gold key and steel thimble: al! me-
mentos. Finder leave at this office and re-
ceive $10 reward.
LOST— A small link chain bracelet; gold. Re-
turn IS6JA Market st. Liberal reward.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hil.f>rnla Savings
and Loun Society of San Francisco; No. 192 -
7'o. The fln.ler will please return to'bank.
BKIX>; uid g.!d and silver to me and get cash
for It. I'N'ci.E HAKKIS. 15 Grant aye.
BIRTHS-MARRIAGES-DEATHS,
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They mast be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residence
of persons authorised to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
ARONSOX— In Seattle, January 16, 1898, to the
wife of Sigmund Aronson, a daughter.
AHLERS— Januar- 8, 1898, to the wife of
Henry Ahlers, a son.
CA HEX— January 13. 1898, to the wife of Max
Cahen. a son.
OOOMBB— In San Jose, January 15. IS9B. to the
the wife of W. E. Coombs, a daughter.
CLODirs— In this cltv January 16, 1898, to
the wife of F. A. Clodius, a daughter.
CRAWFORD— In Monterey. January 12. 1898.
to the wife of Ed Crawford, a daughter.
FAVSS— In this city, January 11, 1898, to the
wife of Otto Fauss, a son.
FRIEPENTHAL— In this city. January 16. (
l*»s, to the wife of Max L. Frledenthal of i
Ft. Louie, a daughter.
HI'TCHINriOX— In Auburn. January 10, IS9S, :
to the wife of E. A. Hutchinson. a son.
JACKSON— In Alameda, January 14. 1898, to
the wife of Henry Jackson, a son.
LAPPISH- In Martinez. January 14, 1898, to
the wife of John Laddish. a son.
MORGAN'— In Sonora. January 14. 189 S. to the
wife of Frank A. Morgan, a son.
NETKNFELT— In Potuluma. January 12, IS9B,
to the wife of Albert Neuen'elt. a son.
SCHI'LZK— In this city, January IS. IS9S, to |
the wife of Desere H. Schulze, a daughter.
SCHWEITZER— In this city, January 8, IS9B j
to the wife of William F. Schweitzer, a son. i
Si 'HILLING— To the wife of Attorney Frank!
Schilling, a son.
WORK -In Pacific Grove, January 10. 1898, to i
the wife of T. A. Work, a son
MARRIED
ULAKK— BINGLEY - In Vetaluma, January 12
tm, l,y the Rev. Father Cleary, J. B. iilake
of San Luis Obispo ami Klttie Singley of
Petatuma.
DUNSTON— HALLIKER— In Auburn. January
12. IS9S. by Justice of the Peace J. H, Wills.
Frank Dunston and Lena Ualllker, both of
Bear River.
MILLER— EVANS- In Sonora. January ll.l^fts
by Justice of the P«acn W. S. Cooper, George
Miller and Mrs. Surah Evans.
• DIED.
Packman, Alice McGulre. Mrs. Bridget
Uennallaek. Emily J. Mojtca, Jose I>. -
Burllnsame. I>elloy P. Mlnestnger. Estella -
Clinton. Georjre ' Owens, John E.
Clark. Mildred A. Olson. Andrew
CulliK-nn. Andrew ( Sheehan, Henry P.
Currey. Montgomery .Schmidt. Charles
Drew*. Mrs. L. A. Stege, Richard
Dunkerley. Joseph ■ ! Sanders. < Henry •
Golly. Anna E. I Sllva, Uena
Gattrell. DolUe Traoey, Patrick
Grady, John ITreder, Olga A.
Kolkman. Hermann F. Weeks, George F.
Wall. Thomas H.
BACKMAN— In this city. January 16, 1593.
Alice, dearly beloved wife of George Back-
man, and mother of Nellie ami Freddie Back-
man, a native of San Francisco, ai;ed 43
years and 3 months.
IT-7" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
'ully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 21!19 Mason street. Interment Laurel
Hill Cemetery.
BI'RLINGAME— In this city, January 17. IS9S.
Lc Roy Perry, beloved husband of Bertha
Joost Hurlingame. and son of H. B. ami H.
A. Burlingame, a native of Illinois, aged 24
years.
CFuneral and Interment private.
BENNALLACK— In this city. January 17. 1«98.
Emily Jane, beloved mother of George C.
Bennallack, a native of Waies, aged 3J years
and 9 months.
£>'Fruncls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors
of A. W. Martin & Co., lIS Geary street. In-
terment private.
CI'RHEV ta this city .T.innary lfi, IWS. Mont-
gomery S., son of Judge John Currcy, a na-
tive of New York, ag.nl ."I yean.
IC7 The funernl services will be held
this day (Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, at St.
Luke's Church, corner of Van Ness avenu«
and Clay street. Interment private.
CVLLIGAN— In this city. January 1«. 18*8, An-
drew, beloved husbani of Margaret Culllcan,
and father of Lizzie. Thomas and Edward
Culllgan, a native of County Meath. Ireland.
C> Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at S:.W o'clock, from his late
residence. 2307 Brynnt street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his s.^ul.
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
A. O. H. of A.— Members of Division No. 8.
A O. 11. of A.: You are hereby notified to
«tt"nd the funeral of our deceased brother,
Andrew Culllffan. to-morrow (Wednesday),
at 9 o'clock, from his mte residence, 2307
F.ryant street. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. By order of
M. FITZGERALD, Pres.
J. J. MORAN. Sec.
CLARK- In this city. January 17, 189S, at her
rcs-.i'.ance, 221S Webster street, Mildred
Amldon. beloved daughter of Franklin J. and
Mary Cheney Clark, a native of Boston.
Mass.
ti.y Notice of funeral hereafter.
CLINTON— In Elmhurst. January 16, 1898.
George, beloved husband of Margery Clinton
and father of' Cora and <ienr.ee Clinton, a
native of New York, aged C 3 years.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock p. in., from his
late residence, corner Bay View avenue and
1!i!!sIc!h street. Elir.hurst. Interment at St.
M i\'s Cemetery, Oakland.
DI'NKERLEY- li. this city. January 17. 189?,
J- septa I'unkerley, beloved father of Mrs. C.
K. Mur.ck hrcl grandfather of Mrs. Grace
Banner, Joseph ati'l the . late Myrtle Rich-
ards, a native of Lancashire, Enkland, aged
7' year a.
(r/TFriemls are respectfully Invited to at-
tend the funeral to-morrow (Wednesday), at 11
a. m., from his late residence, 3o Kulton
street. Interment at Cypress Lawn Ceme-
tery.
DREWS— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17. I<9S. Mrs. L. A. Drews, a native
of New York, aged 54 years.
ORADY— In this city, January IR, IR9«. John,
beloved husband of Mary Grady, and son of
James Grady, a native of San Francisco,
BKed 2S years <5 months and 16 days. (New
York papers please copy.)
ITj?"!- Tienils and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to nttend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2:30 o'clock, from the pr^lors
Of »'.ire\\ ,v Knglish, 41 Van Ness avenue,
near Market street. Interment MasotUa
Cemetery.
GATTRELL— In this city, Janflarj' 15, IS9B,
Dollte Gattrell, a native of Wyoming, aged
44 years.
GOLLY— In Oakland, January 16, 1898, Anna
Klizabeth. beloved wife of I^on Golly and
daughter of Mrs. Margretha Schwerdt. a na-
tive of Cincinnati, aged 42 years and 10
months.
ft? Friend,* and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-nv>rrow
i Wednesday), at 2 O'clock i>. m . fmm tha
family residence. 11«2 Myrtle street. Oakland.
Interment at Mountain View Cemetery.
K< 'l.K.MAN'N— In this city. January 17, m«.
Hermann F.. beloved father of Orto C. Her-
mann J. and William H. Kolkmann ami Mrs.
Robert T. Smith, a native of Langewedel,
<;• rrr.nny. ago- H y«wrs*l months and 9 days.
(New York and St. Louis papers C"py).
EXFriends and acquaintances anil members
of Manzanita Tribe No. 4, Improved Order of
Red Men, and Eureka I>idge No. i;?,fi.
K. <~>f H.. are respectfully invited to attend
the luneral on Wednesday at 10 o'clock c. m.
from Red Men's Hall, 320 Post street. Inter-
ment at Cypress Lawn. Remains at parlors
of A. W. Murtin & Co., undertakers, lIS
Geary street.
M. or ire— ln Oakland, January 17, IS3S. Mrs.
Bridget McGuire, beloved mother of Mrs. J.
Lyman and Mrs. A. J. Gans, a native of
Ireland, aged 73 years. . .
IC? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1635 Magnolia street, between
Twenty-second and Twenty-fourth, thence to
the Church of St. Francis de Sales, where a
solemn requiem mass will be celebrated for
the repose of . her soul, commencing at 9
o'clock. *■ Interment St. Mary's Cemetery,
Oakland.
MOJICA— In this ! city, January 17. 1898, Jose
Dolores Mojica, a native of Durango, Mex-
ico, aged 67 years 3 months and 28 days. -
(ETNotice of funeral hereafter.
MINESINGER— this city. January 18, 1898,
Estella Mineslnger. a native of Pennsylva-
nia, aged 41 years and 10 days. ,
OLSON— In the City and County Hospital,
January 17. IS9B. Andrew Olson, a native of
Sweden, aged 43 years.
OWENS— In this city, January 17, 1898. John
Edwin, beloved son of J. E. and Kate Owens,
and brother of Harry. Mabel and Gertrude
Owens, a native of San Francisco, aged 22
ye.ars 10 months and 14 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late
residence, 1315 Point Lobos avenue, thence to
Star of the Sea Church, Eighth avenue.
Richmond, where a solemn requiem high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
SILVA— In San Leandro, January 16. IS9B, Re-
na, daughter of M. G. and Julia Sllva, aged
13 years 3 months and 15 days.
C^The funeral will take place this day
(Tuesday), at 19 a. in.
SIIEEHAN— In Browns Valley, January 18,
1898, Henry P., brother of Lawrence Sheehan
and the late David Sheehan and Charles
Amrhein.
SANDERS— In this city, January 16, 1898,
Henry Sanders, beloved father of Mrs.
Adolph Blalch. and grandfather of Fred,
.Adolph and Robert Blalch. a native of Au-
rich, Ostfriealand. Germany, aged 66 years 2
months and 16 days. A member of Germania
Lodge No. 116. I. O. O. F., and King Solo-
mon-s Lodge No. 260, F. and A. M.
E?"Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 2 o'clock, from his late
residence. 1622 Larkln street, corner of Wash-
ington. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
SCHMIDT— In this city. January 17, IS9S,
Charles Schmidt, a native of Germany, aged
77 years.
{^y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Wednesday), at 11 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street.
Interment National Cemetery.
STEGE— In I Stege, January 17. 1898. Richard,
father of Edith Stege. a native of Bremen,
Germany, aged 67 years and 6 months.
[I Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
■ (Wednesday), at 10 o'clock, . from his late
residence, at Stege Friends can take the i
a. m. boat from . San Francisco. Interment
private.
TRACEY— In this city. January 16, ISSB, Pat-
rick, beloved husband of Ellen Tracey, a na-
tive •of Boherbee, parish of Mullinahone,
County Tlpperary, Ireland, aged 49 years.
ICyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
- fully invited to attend the funeral this. day
(Tuesday), at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 2907 Harrison street, thence to St.
Peter's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
TREDER— In this city. January 15, 1893. Olga
- Amanda Treder. dearly beloved daughter of
Otto and Louise Delcke. and sister of Mrs.
(>: car Venitisch, Mrs. Dr. O. Miel of Den-
ver and Henry and Arthur Treder. a native
of Oshkosh, WlB., aged 26 years 10 months
and 17 days.
(C7Frlendn and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 2 o'clock, from the residence
of her parents. 111 Capp street, near Six-
teenth. Interment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
WALL— In this city, January 15. 1898, Thomas
. H., beloved husband of Alice Wall, a native
of Ireland, aged 59 years. (Charlestown, Bos-
ton, papers please copy).-
(ETFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Tuesday), at 9 o'clock, from his late rest-
dence. 1906 Leavenworth street, thence to St.
Bridget's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass v ill kM celebrated for the repose of his
soul, commencing at 9:30 a. m. lotprment
Mount Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flow-
cr«>.
WEEKS— In this city, January 16, ItSS, Gporpi
F. Weeks, a native of England, aged 7!
years.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER,
FUNERAL DIRECTORS A EMBALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln School.
Telephone. South 80. I
F. L. GUXTZ. H. W. OANTNER.
GANTNER & GUNTZ,
Funernl Directors & Embalmers.
8 and 1O CITY HALL SQUARE.
Telephone South 432.
JAS. ENGLISH. T. R. CAREW.
CAREW & ENGLISH,
UNDERTAKERS AND EMBAI.MEK3.
FUNERAL DIRECTORS.
41 Van Ness aye.. near Market St., Sax
Franc iBCO. Telephone So. 156.
1314
WANTED HIS
SWEETHEART
ARRESTED
Peculiar Complaint of
a Man Who Lost
His Watch.
Peter Bahrs Asks the Po
lice to Apprehend
Mrs. Palmer.
She Claims That He Gave Her
the Timepiece as a Token
of Affection.
SAYS HE DECEIVED HER.
The Woman Makes Some Serious?
Charges Against Her
Accuser.
Peter Bahrs, who claims to own some
valuable mining property in Montana,
Another Large Party of Eager Gold-Seekers to Leave on the Steamer
Excelsior To-Day.
Another vessel crowded with passen
gers starts for Alaska to-«say. The pass
engers are all bound for the Klondike,
but will make their start across coun
try from Copper River instead of from
Dyea. By the former route they expect
to reach Dawson City in faster time
and with not nearly so many hardships
as are to be encountered on the Chil
koot Pass. Among the gold seekers are
four women, two of them the wives of
different members of the party and two
visited police headquarters yesterday
morning, and asked for a warrant for
the arrest of a prepossessing widow
named Mrs. Palmor, who, he claimed,
had robbed him of a gold watch and
NEW TO-DAY*
Instant relief for skin-tortured babies and
rest for tired mothers in a warm bath with
CmiTRA Soap, and a single application of
Ccticcha (ointment), the great skin cure.
The only speedy and economical treatment
for itching, burning,. bleeding; scaly, and
pimply humors of the skin, scalp, and blood.
I" nlil throughout the »rrrM. Porm Dm/a ak» Cnmou
CoKro«»Ti>.«. Sole Proprirror». Roaton
03* " How to Care Krerv Rmbr Humor," mailed fre*.
BABY ■— ■ ff ■■ f^SB«Sf'SSS. IT
chain. Convinced that he was prompt
ed by a spirit of jealousy, the prose
cuting attorney, to whom he had ap
plied for a warrant, referred him to the
Chief of Police.
The latter, after listening to his story,
j ordered Detective Anthony to Inter
j view the we/man and obtain 'her ver
j sion, of the alleged robbery.
Shortly after 1 o'clock yesterday aft
| ernoon Mrs. Palmer, accompanied by
I the detective, visited the City Hall.
i She was fashionably dressed, and in a
rather indignant tone told her story.
She pave her address as 702 Howard
I street, o#d claimed, that she was be
ins persecuted by the mining man from
I Montana.
! "Some time ago," she began, "my
I husband died, leaving me almost penni
j loss and with our little girl to provide
! for. Unable to properly care for her, I
concluded to seek employment, in the
■ hope of earning sufficient money to at
I least buy us the necessaries of life.
"On the advice of a friend I inserted
an advertisement in a morning paper,
asking for a position as housekeeper in
some respectable family. The following
day Bahrs. who claimed to be a brother
of Superior Judge Bahrs, visited my
house in answer to the advertisement.
He pretended to fall madly in love with
I me, and asked me to become his wife.
I told him that on account of our short
acq 1 ••:!••!; ri nee 1 could not entertain his
off- r, but laughingly informed him I
I would think it over. He promised to
j call again on the "following day. which
:he did. After a short conversation,
: during which he declared his undying
I love for me, he again begged me to
marry him.
"He spoke of his vast mining inter
ests in Montana, and also claimed
; that he owned some valuable property
in Seattle. Thinking he was telling the
I truth I half promised to become his
j wife. To my surprise a few weeks ago
he visited my house and proposed that
.. I should claim to be the widow of a
man who had died in Seattle, for the
i purpose of getting the Insurance, which
I was due his relatives. He said that the
WILL BRAVE THE ICY PASSES.
of them single women, who are willing
to take their chances with the men in
the scramble for gold.
Those booked to leave on the steam
er Excelsior to-day are: E. T. Rhodes,
J. W. Masuer, Alex. Haas and wife, C.
H. Patchett, P. Hansen, J. Donaldson,
H. J. Hatch. F. C. Kelgare, C. T. Beiss,
R. S. Hallman. J. H. Abrams. G. E.
Parsons, J. R. Nichols. T. Rabblee,
Charles Marat. ML R. King, Miss Ida
Brown, John Owning and wife. Miss
1 deceased was a member of the Ancient
! Order of United Workmen of Seattle,
and had no relatives."
"This is like getting money from
home," she claims he remarked, "you
i represent yourself as his widow and
| we will have money to burn."
"He wanted me to go to Seattle with
him," she continued, "claiming that
we would have no difficulty in getting
the insurance money. I scorned his
proposition and ordered him never to
speak to me again on the subject.
"Last Saturday was the day fixed for
our marriage, and after waiting long
after the appointed hour Bahrs finally
appeared. He handed me his watch
and chain, and after announcing that
he had lopt all his ready cash against
a brace game, as he expressed it, he
told me to realize on the timepiece. I
refused to take his advice, and as he
had played with my affections long
enough I determined to keep the watch
as a memento of our marriage that did
not take place. After I had Informed
him of my intentions he told me to
keep the watch and to remember him
by It. Since then I understand he has
, been engaged in organizing a the
atrical troupo. principally composed of
women, to visit the Klondike."
Mrs. Palmer then handed over to
i Captain Bohen the watrh and chain
! which Bahrs alleges she stole from
him. She is seriously thinking of com
mencing a suit against the mining man
for breach of promise.
Mexican carved belts, pocket-books and
chatelaine bags at Sanborn & Vali'a. *
THE SAX FHAXCISCO CAI/L, TrESHAT, JAITOABY IS, 1898.
BRIAN BORU
LACKS UNITY
The Tivoli's Irish Opera
Is Not Notably-
Irish.
The Music Is of All Nations and
the Comedy an Hour
Too Long.
Comedy and Curtain-Raiser at the
Alcazar — At the Other
Theaters.
"Shamus O'Brien" was not a con
spicuous success In New York last
season. "Brian Boru" was — and the
distinction Is hardly In favor of New
York.
"Brian Boru," the words by Stanis
laus Strange, the music by Julian Ed
wards and the authors' description "a
romantic opera," was produced at the
Tivoli last night. I Bhall not attempt
to predict its popular and pecuniary
fortunes at that opera house. It
strikes me as a work that should ap
peal especially to the persons who did
not enjoy "Shamus." It does nothing
that "Phamus" did and nearly every
thing that It did not. The only point
Gates, George Warmbald, Henry Ros
enwinkle. John Tabler. Paul Krum
neusehler, Theo. Neisser, F. Cihlmann,
H. Keemp, R. Walpole. N. C. Denker,
P. Jurzix, S. S. Whitman. S. P. Lasat
er, R. N. Woode, C. S. Goodness. E. W.
Parks, Robert Maddox, Ralph Murphy,
Holmes Henshaw, Thomas Rablee, H.
Marcal, G. B. Beresin. H. H. Edlln, Sip.
Weissburg. W. Birk, S. Berlin. S. Fried
man, S. Cheron, James Fulton, A. Nes»
bitt, S. Murcheson, James Poe, C. N.
at which the two may be compared is
comedy. "Shamus" had moments of
| bad comedy exalted by good music,
and "Brian" has hours of bad comedy
: relieved by very little good music. Be
; yond this remote relationship simi
larity stops. "Shamus" told a story,
a good, old-fashioned melodrama, and
. made it vital and stirring and Irish-
It had dramatic power and character.
"Brian" has no character, no na- \
tionality. With few exceptions It is [
built on the old ballad scheme. Some
i of the music is amiable, 'most of It is
I clap-trap and a rtty little of it might
be called descriptive — that is where a '
few well-known Irish tunes are worked
; into the score, either directly or in
counterpoint. There is a good quartet
\ at the close of the second act, in which
: one of the voices sings "The Harp
That Once Through Tara's Halls" in
; concord with an agitated piece for the
; others, and one or two of the Irish
> comedy songs have something of the
I brogue and spirit in their make-up.
But on the whole the music might
i have been written by twenty men of
as many countries.
One moment it walls "Wagnerianly,
the next it waitzes in the mode of de
| funct Viennese operetta, the next it af
; fects the metrical sentimentallsm that
j marked the youth of Signor Verdi, and
I oftenest of all It runs to the mongrel
ballad form of to-day. The orchestra
tion is heavy, pompous and puffy; It
has no more regard for the lyrics than
it has for the drama, often drowning
them at Just the moments when their
articulation is necessary to the sanity
of the plot.
The book of "Brian Boru" would
be a good one if it had one hour less
of Strange comedy. The story was
fairly forecast in Sunday's Call, only
that account omitted the details of
the comic relief. They are terrible.
Mr. Strange's fun runs to horse-play:
his humor seems to center in that
anatomical feature which is not m-jn
tionable in polite society, and Mr.
Leary and Mr. Kavanaugh. who have
the roughest of the comedy parts, do
not pretend to any subtleties that are
not suggested by the text.
The production is the best the Tivoli
can do in the present circumstances
of the company. Arthur Donaldson
has been brought out from the East to
play the part of Brian. He is not a
sensation nor particularly magnetic,
but his voice is reasonably evpn and
sure, his presence is comely, and he
has an air of reliability that promises
to woar well. Every <>ne in the cast
worked hard last nieht without any
one arriving at individual glorification.
The chorus was as fortunate as usual,
and the orchestra something less
through playing too violently.
ashton stevens:
At the California.
Marie Prossler. John C. Rice, John C
Sparks and several other farce-comMv
people of reputation appeared at the Cal
ifornia last night in "Courted Into
Court," a McNally creation, which will
be reviewed in to-morrow's Call.
At the Baldwin.
"The Man From Mexico" held the at
tention of a largo audience at the Bald
win when the curtain was up. while the
man from Hawaii was the attraction be
tween acts, Pesident Dole and party oc
cupying the lower left proscenium box.
At the Alcazar.
Frederick Paiilding"s "A Man's Love"
makes as pretty a curtain raiser as one
would wish to see for the first half hour
of an enjoyable evening at the Alcazar.
It is full of life and action and gives op-
portunities for much clever work. Paul
ding shows in his wholesome strength in
"A Man's Love" that he is as capable a
playwright as he is an actor.
The lfght touch of Roucicault In "For
bidden Fruit" giv.-s rise to those compli
cations in the following play which de
light the soul of Wriehr Huntington, and
'•:■• makes most of the situations to the
■Ifasure of the audience. The piny is
ivell staged and well played, with an
» enness that is beyond the usual play
f the A'.cazar company.
At the Grand.
The usual large Morocco audience saw
last night the premiere of "The Blue and
the Gray," a war melodrama of pictur
esque excitement, sentiment and comedy.
Smith, Robert Jones. Thomas Nesbitt,
Charles Bloom, Ray Larson. D. McKln
ley and N. Nichols.
Miss Gates goes with the Fulton-Neo
bitt party, and she Is thoroughly outfit
ted for the tramp from Orca Station to
the Yukon. She asserts that she Is not
afraid to rough It, and Is confident that
If there is money to be made or dug out
of the ground in Alaska she will not
come baok empty-handed. Miss Ida
Brown goes with another party, but she
The scenery is especially notable, and the
company does well.
At the Orpheum.
The Orpheum retains but two of the
acts of last week's bill for the edifica
tion of playgoers this week. Paula and
Dika and Barney and Russell are still to
be seen, and the Biograph is on with new
prunes for ■ week. Zlta, the winsome
gypsy vinlirist. also returns. The new
features are up to the standard, which
means that they are excellent. Profes
sor Gallimio does some modeling with
clay that is as artistic and clever as
could be wished for. and Carter de Ha
ven, the boy singer, does some very good
work. The horizontal bar work nf Rice
and Elmer is new. They are surprising
and exceedingly clever. Almont and
Dumont, in their character musical se
lections, were good.
An entirely new programme of orches
tral music opened the week at the
Oberon.
The Cuban fragment. Chlquita, Is ■till
the sensation at the Chutes.
 m ,
New Incorporations.
The A. Van der Nalllen School of En
gineering incorporated yesterday with a
capital stock of $50,000. The directors are
Albert Van der Nelllen Sr.. Victoria Van
der Naillen. Albert Van der Naillen Jr.,
Ralph L. Van der Nalllen and E. E.
Cochran. Letters of incorporation of the
Railway Advertising Company were filed
yesterday. The'directors are C. B. Lin
coln. William H. Mathews, W. K. Bene
dict, J. S. Macabe and D. E. Besecker.
The Morrison Lumber Company filed ar
ticles of incorporation yesterday. Charles
T. Morrison, Frederick Alves, George H.
Morrison. William E. Palmer and Ansel
C. Robinson are the directors of the com
pany. The Coast Collection Company in
corporated yesterday with a capital
stock of |G0,6Q0, all of which has been
subscribed. The directors and sharehold
ers are I. J. Truman, J. E. Watson. Fred
erick Vail Owen, I. J. Truman Jr., and
Charles J. King.
A PECULIAR
DISAPPEARANCE
Josephine Kane Has Not Been
Seen Since Last Wednes
day.
Detaetiva Anthony Detailed on the
Case at the Paj-ents' Sug
gestion.
Much anxiety Js felt by the parents of
Josephine Kane, a young girl 13 years of
age, who mysteriously disappeared from
her home last "Wednesday under rather
peculiar circumstances. The girl has
been Rttendlog the Turk-street school,
between Turk and Buchanan streets, but
last Wednesday failed to appear at roll
call. She returned to her home as usual
at the noon hour, but a note from .the
teacher had preceded her asking for an
excuse concerning her absence. Mrs.
Kane ui'istioned her daughter and dis
covered that the girl had stayed away
without any cause. She was severely
Si olded and told to mend her ways. In
the afternoon she went into the basement
to pet some wood with which to build a
fire and h:is not been seen since.
Her father, \V. H. Kane, a painter by
trade, living at 1408 Ellis street. Is in a
cjucmlary concerning his daughter's dis- :
:ance. but the police are of the
opinion that the young girl has gone to
Borne family with the excuse that she
was an orphan. Detective Anthony was
detailed on the case and is working dill- ;
gently, as the parents are .almost pros
trated over the affair. At the time of the !
girl's disappearani c she was attired in a ;
dark green dress, button shoes, and wore
no coat nor hat. As she is slender and
has rather dark brown hair the detective
la of the opinion that if she ia in the i
neighborhood she will be discovered In a
few days, as the description has been
carefully given.
MERCANTILE LIBRARY.
(\ Small Vote Cast With No Posi
tive Results Declared as to
Presidential Candidates.
The election of officers for the Mercan-
and Miss Gates are already chums, and
they and the other two women will
Join forces. On the Excelsior they will
have a cabin to themselves, and on the
march they will cluster around the
Bame campflre.
The Excelsior was to have sailed last
Saturday, but the alterations were not
completed in time. Again she was to
have got away at noon yesterday, but
there was a rush of freight at the last
moment, and the sailing time had to
be again postponed.
tile Library Association, which promised
on the surface to be so exciting, turned
out to be a very tame affair, so far as the
1000 subscribers were concerned. Only 120
of them saw fit to vote for the men and
women Into whose hands the destiny of
the association will be intrusted for the
next year.
Of this number there was anything but
a choice as to whether Thomas Magee or
Edward Perely would be the president.
The vote was a tie as between these two
candidates, each receiving sixty, and
while the tally-sheet showed only 120 cast,
yet thore were three ballots cast which
failed to count for either candidate. A
similar condition of facts was made ap
parent in the result of the general ticket
where there was no opposition, each can
didate receiving 122 rotes, while Charles
J. King received 61 votes and Captain X
Peniel received 62 for the office of record
ing secretary, making 123 votes cast for
this office.
The result of the election shows that
the regular ticket has been elected with
the exception of the two ladles for t rus .
tees, Mrs. George Gibbons who was de
feated by one vote, and Mrs. Lovell
White, who got 54 votes to Ellsha Brooks'
61. The final result:
President (tie>; vice-president, Barry
Baldwin; treasurer, T. R. Bannerman; re
cording secretary. Captain E. Deniel; cor
responding secretary. Wm. Doxey; trus
tees, Dudley C. Bates, George H. Caban
iss. Frank P Deerir.g. Edwin Fret well.
Alfred Bouvler. Julius Kahn. Elisha
Brooks. Thomas P. Woodward and Ed
ward B. Young.
Low's Horehound Cough Syrup for
coughs and colds; 10c. 417 Sansome st. *
NEW TO-DAY.
>
'■"V/^ YES, I AM* n^
H||Nr OFF TO < J|ip'
AL? KLONDIKE! Of
We clothe you for the city or KLON-
DIKE. Our outfitting department shows
every article required for the man who
braves the cold regions of the north.
We have one great advantage over
all competitors — we can make special
garments in our white-labor workshop;
make them of all-wool, made to fit and
made to stand the rough usage of the
goldfieids.
Our new department for children's, •
boys' and youths' clothing is now open.
In our gents' furnishing department
we are (as an advertisement) selling
latest styles and shades at cost.
See our blankets, fur coats, gloves,
extra heavy underwear and hosiery.
We not only want your trade now, but
when you return from Klondike.
COLUMBIAN WOOLEN MILLS,
h; S, 11, WOOD & CO,,
718-722 Market Street, )
SUICIDE'S POOR SOLACE.
MISS MILDRED A. CLARK.
A maiden, just in the flush of young womanhood, dead by her own hand be
neath her loving mother's roof.
A maiden beloved by all who knew her; with more than falls to the lot
of most young women to make her cling to life and rejoice over environment*
calculated to confer happiness upon almost any mortal being. . •: .
Such Is the sad story of Miss Mildred A. Clark, who deliberately shot her
self to death at the residence of her mother. Mrs. Mary PJ. Clark. "216 Webster
street, at 5 o'clock p. m. yesterday.
There is no doubt that the unfortunate young woman's terrible act was the
result of a mind temporarily unbalanced. The deceased had been seriously 111
for several days past with a severe cold and nervous prostration, superinduced
by arduous labor in connection with a musicale in which she took a prominent
part on the evening of the 3d inst.
At about the hour above named Mrs. Clark left her daughter's bedside,
where she had been tenderly ministering to the patient, to step into an adjoin
ing room for a moment. Almost immediately the mother heard the report of
a pistol in tho chamber which she had just quitted, and, rushing back into
that apartment, she was horrified t< find her daughter weltering In her own
blood, with a smoking pistol in her band. She had shot herself in the mouth,
and death was. of course, almost instantaneous. The deceased was 25 years of
age and was greatly beloved by all who knew her. She was of charming dis
position and possessed of many qualities of head and heart calculated to endear
her to her intimates. With vocal talent of a very high order, she gave promise r
of rare distinction in musical art. her superb voice having received flattering
praise at many musical entertainments in this city, where she had lived during
the greater part of her life. She was an only child, and if she had any reason.
In her sane moments, to wish to end her life, it ia not known to the grief
stricken mother.