VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 180.
MAJESTICALLY THE WARRIOR WISCONSIN
PLUNGES HER PROW INTO THE PAGELESS FLOOD
Lavmcked
by JMiss
Qage.
y\lor\e, She Guts
the Qordiar\
j<r\ot.
AT twenty-one minutes past 9
o'clock yesterday morning slip
No. 4 of the Union Iron Works
gave birth to the new and latest
terror of the American navy.
Amid the thunder of barking guns and
the piercing shrieks of thousands»of
steam whistles, amid the shouts of a
loyal populace and with a wealth of
the national colors fluttering on the
crisp morning breeze, the Wisconsin,
the fairest of Uncle Sam's proud
daughters, made her debut to the na
tions of the world — and was at home to
her sister ships on the blue waters of
San Francisco Bay.
A beautiful woman stood sponsor for
the mountain frame of warlike iron and
steel. A little gulden-haired, rosy
cheeked, laughing child placed her
chubby fingers on a small, white but
ton. Then In answer to the electric
current the Wisconsin accepted her
mission of life, her duty of war or
peace, and started down the incline like
Borne frightened deer. Slowly at first,
until her fair sponsor cast against her
Bteel breast the christening wine, say-
Ing: "I name thee "Wisconsin." Realiz
ing her freedpm was her own, and as if
In acknowledgment of the proud feel-
Ing, the battleship leaped forward to
the water, the Joyous waves came surg
ing up to meet and welcome her, and
out into the glorious wealth of sun
shine, out onto the breast of the
fathomless deep the armored terror
plunged — the coast line battleship
mtMoMfe iCJuwl-w been . successfully
launched from the yards of the Union
Iron "Works. ;;;^:
At the first signs of approaching day
the Potrero began to awaken. Yester
day was a gTeat day in the Potrero, for
the men who gave to our navy the his
tory-making Oregon were to send forth
from the same slip on which was built
that historic battleship another mon
ster creation of their brawn and
muscie. For nineteen months and fif
teen days the smoke-begrimed, ■work
hardened toilers of the Union Iron
"Works had been patiently building the
new battleship. Slowly they had seen
the latest object of their pride and
adoration grow from a mass of iron
ribs and frames into definite shape and
form. From its conception on Febru
ary 11, IS&7, the eyes of the Potrero had
rested fondly, lovingly on the Wiscon
sin. The hopes and prayers of the Po
trero had gone daily into the very body
of the ship and had been built into
her from keel to top deck. Yesterday
was the day when the Wisconsin was
to say good-by to those who had given
her life and existence, and while a feel
ing of sadness oppressed the heart of
the Potrero at the thought of the part
ing, yet the Potrero to a single man.
and for that matter to its oldest gaffer
and youngest child, was determined
that the Wisconsin's natal day should
be a success.
At 6 o'clock the busy sounds of prep
aration disturbed the morning stillness.
An army of men began the work of
sawing and cutting away the blocks
from underneath the ship, while others
hurried around her decks to see that
all was right and in order.
President Irving M. Scott, proud,
happy and smiling, was himself early
on the scene. He hurried here and
there. He seemed to be everywhere at
once, giving orders and directions. His
personal supervision was lent to the
smallest detail. Before the gates were
opened Captain Spillane and Lieuten
ants Anderson and Hanna arrived with
a small army of police. From begin
ning to end they kept perfect order and
handled the 7000 people that were ad
mitted within the shipyards in a most I
thorough and efficient manner. Be- I
sides the thousands that came by in
vitation there was a host of curious
humanity along the water's edge, while
the roof of every house in the Potrero
was covered with people. Every point I
GOVERNOR-ELECT CAGE
WELCOMES WISCONStN
At the banquet last evening at the Palace Hotel priven to the rtistln- I
grulshed visiting representatives of the Badger State, Governor-elect Henry -
T. Gage of California made the following response to the toast of the "State ■
of California":
Mr. Toastmaster, Ladies and Gentlemen and Fellow-citizens of ■
the State of Wisconsin: California with her great agricultural, min
ing, manufacturing, industrial and commercial Interests, with her ■
cheering hopes and enlarged possibilities for the future in consequence ■
of the annexation of the Hawaiian Islands, an accomplished fact; and •
the inevitable further extension of our territory In the near future, ■
the resuit of the indomitable courage of our soldiers and sailors In the ■
late war. bids her fellow-citizens from Wisconsin a most cordial and ■
hospitable welcome. .
It is our greatest glory that we are a part of the Indestructible i
Union; that we share in Its achievements "by sea and by land; that ■
its flag is the sacred and common property of all; and that in defense ■
of Its honor all are ready to sacrifice fortune and life. " {
The grand battleship that to-day for the first time embraced the I
waves, constructed by the skill of California mechanics, bears the I
proud name of the great State of Wisconsin, and in her future ca- i
reer in defense of the flag and the Union she will be another bond be- ■
tween the two great States. j
Ladies and gentlemen from Wisconsin, we thank you for this visit, i
and our best wishes go with you to your far-off home. May you, your ■
State and all you love have peace, prosperity and happiness to the )
latest generation. 4
The San Francisco Call
&S CALIFORNIA'S LATEST TERROR OF THE SEAS SLID FROM THE WAYS.
. ;
of. vantage in. the yards/- was quickly -
seized upon by the crowd. The small |
boy climbed everything in Bight and
balanced himself on its topmost pin
nacle at the risk of life and limb. The
frame work of the slip was black with '
venturesome men and boys. •--.
The police kept the crowd from the
stand on which war to take place the i
ceremonies. This was gayly bedecked /
with patriotic bunting. Shortly before
the arrival of the guests of honor the
Marine band from the receiving ship
Independence arrived and also a squad
of sailors and marines from the Wheel
ing. These were drawn up by their
officers in two lines on either side of the
Wisconsin's prow to keep back the
crowd.- --v"- V; '^V'"'v ' ■ -
At 8:45 o'clock the Union Iron Works
tug Millen Griffith arrived with, the
Wisconsin contingent and specially in- ;
vited guests on board. They were es
corted to the stand by Mr. Scott.
First came Miss Elizabeth Stephen
son, with Senator J. L. Mitchell. The
fair sponsor wore a dream of a gown —
a Parisian creation made especially for
the occasion. The skirt was of cadet ;
blue broadcloth. The shirt waist was
pink silk trimmed with duchesse lace, j
while the Jacket was of the same mate- \
rial as the skirt, trimmed with blue j
velvet and lace applique, with white \
satin facing. The exquisite impression I
of the gown was heightened. In its ef- j
feet by the high sable collar and the i
black velvet hat, from which waved i
graceful white and black plumes. Next j
came Governor-elect Gage and Mrs. j
Gage, with their little daughter Lv- !
cille. She was a perfect wonder of j
childish beauty In a fluffy little dress of |
some soft blue material, while from un- i
der her big white hat her wealth of
golden curls fell gracefully over her
shoulders.
Following came Lieutenant Governor
Emil Bench of Wisconsin, with the fol
lowing distinguished members of the
party from his State, among whom was
Govenor Scofie»a's staff:
Isaac Stephenson, Miss Hattie Stephen
son, Colonel I. Watson Stephenson, Mas- !
ter Grant Stephenson, Mrs. Joshua Hod
gins, Mrs. H. J. Brown, S. M. Stephen- i
son and wife. Miss Harriet Stephenson, j
Miss Clara Stephenson, Miss Belle Merry- !
man. Mrs. H. T. Emerson, Mrs. J. K.
Wright, Mr. and Mrs. Isaac Stephenson
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1 898— THIRTY-TWO PAGES.
MISS STEPHENSON NAMES THE CHILD.
Jr., Miss Nellie Fleisheim. Mr. and Mrs.
Fred Carney, Mr. and Mrs. W. O. Good
rich Mr. and Mrs. A. Goble, Mr. and Mrs.
J. E. Patton, Captain and Mrs. Fred
Pabst, Mr. and Mrs. William Lindsey,
Mrs. J. L. Mitchell. Mr. and Mrs. Julius
Bleyer, Mr. and Mrs. A. C. Clas, Mr. and
Mrs. C. B. Roberts Mr. and Mrs. D. H.
Stebblns, Mr. and Mrs. John Hannan, Mr.
and Mrs. J. C. Koch, Mr. and Mrs. Sey
mour Hollister, George \\~. Hanley, Mrs.
Ellen C. Sexton, Mrs. Rose Finn, Mrs.
J. W. P. Lombard, E. P. Hackett, George
J. Suarz, Colonel W. J. Boyle, W. A.
Ruble. H. A. Campbell. Colonel Simon J.
Murphy. H. J. Fish, Senator Sawyer, Cap
tain S. Mmn, Miss Erna Olson, C. A.
Goodyear, C. B. Raymond, Colonel Wil
liam J. Fair. Miss Reynolds, Mlas Cora
Hatch. Mr. and Mrs. Fred Swart. T. J.
Neacy^ Miss Fittemore. Miss S. C. Blandy
and Frank Carney.
The army was represented by Major
General Merriam and his aid. Lieuten
ant Bennett, while Commodore Watson
and the officers of the Franklin, Adams
and Wheeling were present on the part
of the American navy. The officers of
the Italian cruiser Etna were also
among the guests, as were Captains
Sakmo, Sakurai and Wodagaki of the
Japanese navy. Mayor Phelan was
present on behalf of the city. There
were also the Union Iron Works offi
cials and many swell girls on the stand.
Promptly at 9:05 the brief ceremonies
began. This consisted of the presenta
tion to the Wisconsin of , her colors,
which were received by Commodore
Watson.
About the 26th of October Mrs. M. H.
Mayberry, teacher of sewing connected
with the manual training department
of the Irving M. Scott School, suggest
ed that the children under her charge >
make a set of colors for the battleship <
Wisconsin. Her patriotic sentiments
were enthusiastically seconded by the
principal. Miss M. M. Murphy, and her
entire corps of assistants.
This work of love and patriotism was
begun on the 26th of October of the
present year, 1898.
The flag and Union Jack are made in
accordance with the specifications and
rules of the Navy Department of the j
United States Government. The flag is I
27 feet long by 14 feet wide. The Union I
Jack is 10 feet 10 inches by 7 feet 9 I
inches. One hundred and seventy-three !
yards of bunting were used in the con- j
struction of these colors.
The children engaged In the work of
making the colors were from eleven
reguiar sewing classes, In all about 300
pupils.
The homes of these children are In
the vicinity of the Union Iron Works,
where they have seen the mighty form
of the Wisconsin rising, as it were, out
of the sea. The parents of many of
them wielded the hammers that sang
out the strokes that told of the mighty
work their strong and sinewy arms
have done for the nation.
The furled flag was suspended from
the bowsprit. Miss Margaret Duff,
Miss Jeanette Draper and Master
Frank Dixon, all pupils of the Irving
Scott School, held the cords that were
to release the colors. These pupils had
won this honor by their meritorious
work- In presenting the colors Miss
Duff addressed Commodore Watson.
She said:
"Hon. Commodore Watson, Repre
sentatives of the Army and Navy, Hon.
Irving M. Scott and friends:
"The high honor of presenting the
colors to the great battleship Wiscon
sin has been accorded to me by the
teachers and pupils of the Irving Scott
School.
"The high honor conferred is en
hanced by the fact that this is the only
occasion when pupils of our public
schools have made a flag with their
own little hands, gladdened by the
thought that the United States Govern
ment w"ould accept their work.
"Through the kindness of Hon. Irv
ing M. Scott, who has now a world
wide reputation as a promoter and
builder of great battleships, we are per
mitted to offer this token of our love
and patriotism.
"Our parents have wielded the ham
mers, driven the rivets and otherwise
builded this noble ship from keel to
turret. Now she is ready to displace
the waters of our erlorious bay: to greet
the sun as she rides triumphantly on
her mission of humanity; to demon
strate to all nations of the earth that
she. as well as her noble sisters, the
Oregon, the Olympia, the Charleston,
Monterey and others, great ships built
here at the Union Iron Works, can de
fend our nation's honor and use her
power to battle in the cause of hu
manity.
"Go forth, magnificent "Wisconsin;
dip your noble bow to-day in the waters
of San Francisco Bay; sail fearlessly
over the seas; show your magnificent
lines in the ports of all the great na
tions of the world. Let your message
be one of peace, and Instead of a fig
urehead of the God of Battle, let there
be emblazoned in words of living light.
'We come In the name of the living
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
/\ Wisconsin
Belle Her
Sponsor.
Vast GroWd Bids
Qodspeed to
the Skip.
God, for the nation's honor; we come
in tha cause of humanity.'
"And now, Hon. Commodore Watson,
we beg that you accept these colors
which we have carefully made accord
ing to the specifications laid down by
the Navy Department for the construc
tion of such flags. Three hundred
children have put in every stitch with
the utmost care, so I am sure you will
find upon examination that our labor
has not been in vain.
"Under the guiding hand of our sew
ing teacher, Mrs. M. H. Mayberry of
the manual training department of our
school, we have worked with patience,
with most patriotic devotion, to crown
the work of many of our parents, who
have bent their energies to complete
this noble ship."
'•All is finished.
And at length has come the bridal day of
beauty and of strength.
To-day the vessel shall be launched.
With fleecy clouds the sky is blanched.
And o'er the bay
Slowly in all hiß splendor's light
The great sun rises to behold the eight.
The ocean old, centuries old.
Strong aa youth, and as uncontrolled
Paces restless to and fro
Up and down the sands of gold.
His beating heart is not at rest.
And far and wide with ceaseless flow
His beard of snow
Heaves with the heaving of his breast.
He waits Impatient for his bride.
There she stands, with her foot upon the sands)
Decked with flags and streamers gay.
In honor of her marriage day.
Her snow white signals fluttering, blending
Round her like a veil descending
Keady to be the bride of the gray old sea."
At the conclusion of the graceful
speech Commodore Watson in a few
patriotic words accepted the Wis
consin on behalf of her captain. The
three children pulled the cords and
Old Glory floated on the breeze amid
the cheers from the multitude. Then
Mayor Phelan read Clara Iza Price's
eloquent ode to the battleship pub
lished in yesterday's issue and the su
preme moment had come.
The bottle of wine was lowered from
the vessel's pr-w by streamers of the
national colors. Miss Stephenson
grasped it firmly and smiled. Then
little Lucille Gage touched the button.
Slowly at first, so slow in fact that it
scarcely seemed to move at all, tha
huge ship, snail-like, went forward.
"She's off:" was the cry from tha
waiting thousands.
A soft, firm, sweet voice said, "I
christen thee Wisconsin."
There was a crash of glass and the
white effervescing wine dampened the
iron prow of the mighty vessel and ran
in sparkling rivulets down her sides.
Forward, like some animal that feels
the lash, the Wisconsin leapt, and then
with a rush and a roar the largest bat
tleship ever constructed on this coast
sped down the incline into the waters
of the bay and into history.
PLEASURE CRAFT DOT
WATERS OF THE BAY
Yachts and Excursion Steamers
Gaily Bedecked Carry Throngs
to the Launching.
The launching- was witnessed from
afar by thousands of spectators. The
shore line was sharply defined by
them, while the adjoining hillsides wore
also the vantage point from which
great throngs viewed the moving spec
tacle. Every class of seagoing craft
was represented in the bay about the
great shipbuilding yard, from which so
many notable fighting machines have
been sent forth to do battle under Old
Glory-
Anchored just off the iron works waa
a jaunty yacht, the white sides and gay
bunting of which showed out in strong
relief against the dull, leaden sky. The
early morning was cold and cheerless,
and those viewing the launching from
the bay were all closely muffled in furs
and overcoats. ,
The pleasure boats and those carry
ing excursionists were early on the
scene, forming a solid semi-circle about
the course over which the battleship
was to glide after leaving the ways on
which she was built. In addition to the
Government boats in the vicinity, ail
the tugs and available steamers were
pressed into service. Dainty racing
skiffs scraped noses with stout tugs,
while launches, both steam and gaso
line, flitted about lending life and ac
tion to the color scheme. The most
novel of all the craft was a bicycle boat
built catamaran fashion and propelled
by two men.
There was but little delay. So soon
as the tide served and the launching
party were in their allotted places th«
signal was given and the huge hulk
began to move. To the spectators on,
the water this movement was scarcely
perceptible at first. Soon a shout went
up, only to be swallowed in the shriek
ing of steam whistles, punctuated by
the booming of cannon. The guns of
the Italian cruiser Etna and the Mari
etta belched forth a salute as a wel
come to the latest of Uncle Sam's fight
ing machines.
The Wisconsin went down into the
sunless sea as gracefully as a swan.
She gained impetus as she advanced
and cut through the water like a racing
yacht. Usually the large boats cast up
a great wave, which tosses the pleasure
craft about and then breaks high on
the shore, dampening the enthusiasm
of the more venturesome spectators.
There was none of this yesterday.
After she entered the water a slight
swell disturbed the bosom of the bay.
leaving its surface as nlacid aa a mill
pond.
After the din subsided all eyes were
turned on the Wisconsin. Her graceful2
lines are apparent, although she sits
high out of the water and is utterly de
void of a«l the guns and fittings which
will later on add to her grim beauty.
A concerted movement toward home
was then commenced by the gayly dec
orated pleasure craft. The majority of
"them passed the Italian cruiser Etna,
affording a good view of the foreigners.
Naval militiamen from the Marion
Tind "Jackies" from the Marietta picked
their way among the steamers, while
the band" of the Marietta lent tone to
the occasion, the musicians being all
garbed in red.
Alexander Harrison, the celebrated
marine painter, attended the launching
as the guest of W. G. Stafford. Mr.
Stafford and his wife entertained a
large party on the tug Reliance, among
others E. M. Greenway, E. H. Hamil
ton and family and Rolla V. Watt.
•
DAY CLOSES WITH
BANQUET AND BALL
Glasses Click to the Never
Ending Success of the \
Giant Ship.
An epoch in the history of Califor
nia—the ceremony surrounding the
launchine of the .^reat battleship Wis
consin—was closed last night with
banquet and ball at the Palace Hotel.
The American dining room in the
Palace was ablaze with light and bril
liant with the flowers of garden and
field. On the south txvrr flags, the
stars and stripes, were draped, and
above them an eaerle. in one talon an
olive branch, emblematic of peace, in
the other a spear, emblematic of war.
Shortly after 7 o'clock two hundred
guests of Irving M. Scott entered the
room and were seated. To the right of
the president of the Union Iron Works
Miss Stephenson took her place, the
place of honor. At the same table were
1 Governor-elect Henry T. Gage,
or Mitchell of Wiscojjfln, M. M.
Estee. Captain Cotton. Mayor Phelan,
Senator Sawyer of Wisconsin, Mrs.
Henry T. Gage. Lieutenant Governor
Baensch of Wisconsin, Francis G.
Newlanda of Nevada, ex-Governor
Btephenson of Wisconsin, General
Barnes and Congressman Julius Kahn.
Irving M. Scott first addressed the
gathering. In part he said:
Ladies .and Gentlemen: I am happy to
night to have the privilege to extend a
welcome, to the people of the Badger
State and as to the ship I can only say
that I hope she will carry the flag ana
maintain its honor as have the other gal
ins of the United States navy.
Mr. Scott then read a telegram from
Secretary Whitney saying "Good luck
to the ship and good luck to you," and
another from Governor Budo" who con
gratulated the Union Iron Works and
the notables from Wisconsin on the
successful launch of the vessel. Mr.
Scott then continued regarding the
launch of the giant vessel.
The launch was a complete success, in
fact it was the must successful in every
way we ever had. considering the- size of
the battleship. The fact that It went
without a hitch or a iar is due entirely to
Mr. Dickey, the prince of launchers, who
in this case outdid himself, having the
ly for launching nine minutes
time tixi-i] on July 7 last. This
nrost important lounch. In fact sec
ond to none in the United States, as the
ns larger than the Oregon
and the • >ntra t rails for one knot more
tte pride of the people of
Wisconsin whq came across the country
to witness the ship name<l in honor of
their State nls.-> added lesi to the occa
whlch is a most memorable one.
Lieutenant Governor Baensch then re
sponded to the toast, ''State of Wiscon
sin." In part he said:
"The people of Wisconsin hail with de
light the launching Ot a namesake which
be part and parcel of the brightest,
bravest, most < !fi<-i.-ni navy in the world.
Half-way across the continent they have
sent this delegation to escort one of Wis
'a daughters fair that sho might
christ< n the ship with all rtue form and
nony, while from a million hearts
c<>n!»-s the sincere cheer of 'Good luck,'
<) with an earnest prayer that the
vast strength and power of this modern
engine of war will ma&e ft a preserver
and guaranteer of universal peace."
Governor Henry T. Gage was next
presented to the gathering by Mr. Scott.
■His response to the toast "State of
California" was roundly applauded by
the guests, and Senator Mitchell of j
"Wisconsin was introduced. He said:
Once ranged with our warships the j
"Wisconsin will have to look lively to keep
abreast of her mates, for the American
navy, man to man, is superior to any
navy in the world, as recent events have
shown. The American navy is the most
efficient, not because of the ships and
their armament, but because its officers
are selected with more care and more
thoroughly trained than those of any oth
er nation. We hear a good deal about
the "man behind the gun," but the officer
behind "the man behind the gun" is who
does the business. They are taken, not
from the aristocracy— because we have
. none; not from a favored class, but from
.the people-^-the robust people of the whole
"land.
before we take leave of our ship we
leave wishes for her welfare. May she
never pound on the pitiless rocks. " May
she never be pursued by the wild hunts
man of the storm. When she drops slow
ly into her last haven, may she never
have had the necessity for firing a shot
■ save in practice or of burning powder
save in salute.
At the conclusion of Senator Mitchell's
address th<- following toasts were re
sponded to: General W. H. L. Barnes,
"The Occasion"; Senator George C.
Perkins, "A Greater Navy"; Miss Olsen,
poem; Edward P. Hackett, presenta
tion: Mayor James D. Phelan, "Our
Guests"; Horace G. Platt, "First
Rivet."
Mr. Scott announced at the conclu
sion of the toast on the "First Rivet"
that a ball was next in order in the
hotel parlors. Host and guests alike
then returned to the parlors and
mingled in the mazes of the dance until
the mldnlgat hour came, then the fes
tivities ceased.
Doubled His Sentence.
Frank Smith, a petty larceny thief, com
pleted a sentence of three month on Fri
day for petty larceny. That afternoon he
Went to the stationary store at 641 Valen
cia street, where he committed his pre
vious theft, and stole an inkwell. Judge
Conlan yesterday sent him back to the
County Jail for six months.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Famous
Royal Vienna China, richly
decoraiid in gold and red
Artistic shapes
Cake, Bread and Tea Plates
Tea and Coffee Cups
Pomade Box, Pin Tray and
everything that's handsome
Effective prices *
Great America n import'gTea Co,
eeiMarltct, •}. Fwwll 705 Larkin St.
tigftg&S JSKvI-SeroSl.
' earßT 3t 2006 FlUmore St. '
14« \fntn It 321 Montgomery Ay.
25?0 Mission St. 11 90 Kentucky ft.
3000 Sixteenth St. 3285 Mission St.
855 liayes St. 32 Market St.
OAKLAND STORES: —
lOMWashtiKtons*. 131 San Pablo Avo.
tl 7 Broadway. 0 616 E eUthSt ' .
1510 Seventh St.-
ALAMEDA-1353 Park St. —
SAN HAFAEI.-B St.. near Foarth.
Write for C»t«lo4u«.
BROKE GLASS
AND AWAKENED
THE SERVANTS
Mad Act of a Liquor-
Crazed Clerk.
ARRESTEDAFTER A HOT CHASE
ATTEMPTED TO ROB A HYDE
STREET RESIDENCE.
Charles Johnson Locked Up in the
City Prison on a Charge of an
Attempt to Commit
Burglary.
A respectable appearing man wtth a
large diamond in his shirt front was ar
rested at an early hour yesterday morn
ing by Policemen Collins and Skein and
charged with an attempt to commit bur
glary. He is accused of trying to break
into the residence of Y. L. Madrid at 40S
Hyde Etreet. At the City Prison he gave
his name as Charles Johnson and his
occupation as that of a clerk.
Shortly after 3 o'clock yesterday morn
ing a servant girl in the employ of Mad
rid was awakened by Johnson trying to
pry open the rear window. She imme
diately awakened her employer, who,
donning his clothes, went in search
of the intruder.
He saw Johnson leaving the premises,
but thinking he was armed, determined to
follow him until he met a policeman. Af
ter following Johnson Policeman Skein
was found and the feilow was caught
after a hot chase. He was searched by
Officers Skein and Collins, who found
an open knife with a six-inch blade in hia
P Madrid positively identified Johnson as
the man he had seen leaving the prem
ises When asked why he carried such
a murderous weapon Johnson rather tes
tily declared that it was none of the offl
cer's business. He was then taken back
to Uie house and confronted by the
servant girt. She was unable to identify
him, as she could not see his face on ac
count of the darkness.
Notwithstanding his protestations of in
nocence he was taken to the City Prison
and charged with an attempt to commit
burglary. In trying to force an entrance
to the house Johnson used tne knife
which was found in his possession. He
first cut the sash of the window and then
proceeded to remove the pane. Evidently
b.-cuming rattled he thrust his elbow
through "a lower pane, breaking it, and
causing the servant to scream with fright.
After being locked up Johnston admitted
that he had broken the window, but de
nied having intended to enter the house.
"Liquor is the cause of it all," he lugu
briously remarked. "I must have been
crazy to have committed such a crime. 1
Several of his friends on learning of his
arrest hunted up Judge Conla.n. who, be
coming convinced that Johnson did not
Intend to rob the house, issued an order
for his release on his own recognizance.
Johnson, it is said, is well connected. It
is not likely that Madrid will prosecute
him. ___
AROUND THE
CORRIDORS.
H. E. Irish, a Santa Cruz stationer, is at
the Grand.
Judge K. C. Hart of Sacramento is at
the Grand.
Dr. Arthur A. Finch of Astoria, Or., is
at the Grand.
F. A. Cutler, a Crescent City attorney,
is at the Lick.
Judge W. H. Hatton of Modesto is a
guest at the Lick.
W. Finnel. a prominent Napa vineyard
ist, Is a guest at the Lick.
D. D. Corcoran, the well-known Benicia
grain man, is at the Russ.
Captain Louis Kempff of the Oregon
Regiment is at the Occidental.
C. W. Garrett, an Angels Camp mining
man. is registered at the Grand.
J. F. Clapp, a well-known mining man
of San Andreas, is at the Grand.
T. E. Gibbon, a prominent Los Angeles
I attorney, is a guest at the Palace.
A. N. Butts, a prominent mining man
of Angels Camp, is at the Occidental.
Louis Dean and L. A. and A. H. Ses
sions, Reno cattlemen, are at the Rups.
J. A. Qualey, a prominent Arizona min
ing man, is among the late arrivals at
the Palace*
Dr. James C. Pryor, D. S. X.. is down
from Mare Island and registered at the
Occidental.
Commander George A. Bioknell, U. S.
N.. accompanied by his wife, is at the
Occidental.
J. V. Richlieu, an extensive Forpstville
ranchman, is at the Russ, accompanied
! by his wife.
11. W. Bragg, the well-known Sacramen
to capitalist, accompanied by his wife, is
at the Russ.
Ira G. Hoitt of Holtt'a School, Burl
ingame, is at the Occidental, accompanied
by Mrs. Hoitt.
Captain A. Leeder of the City of Para
is making his headquarters while ashore
at the Occidental.
Assessor L. A. Spitzer of Santa Clara
County, is up from San Jose and is stop
ping at the Grand.
Captain E. Coffin of New Bedford, has
returned from hia twenty-sixth annual
Whaling voyage in Arctic waters, and is
registered at the Russ.
Governor N. O. Murphy of Arizona is
In the city. He came here to witness the
i launching of the Wisconsin and meet old
! friends, having resided in the Badger
State for many years.
President Hugh Craig of the Chamber
of Commerce has gone East. He will be
present at the opening of Congress and
exercise his influence in the interest of
Government ownership and control of the
Nicaraguan Canal.
Mr. and Mrs. Claus Spreckels, accom
panied by Miss Annie Brimmer, a niece
of Mrs. Spreckels, have returned from
New York in their private car. The party
has had a very enjoyable trip,* and all
j are In the best of health.
The following officers arrived from Ma
nila on the City of Para yesterday, and
are registered as follows: At the Cali
fornia—Major C. H. "VVhlpple, who has
been transferred to the Department of
Minnesota as chief paymaster; Captain
\V. A. Tucker of Tennessee, commissary
of subsistence; Captain S. W. Belford of
Colorado, assistant adjutant general; and
! Lieutenant C. C. Williams of the Astor
Battery, who has been transferred to the
ordnance department at Rock Island, 111.
At the Grand— Lieutenant E. S. Paxson
of the First Montana, who is on sick
leave. At the Occidental— Lieutenant
Huntley of the Oregon Regiment.
CALIFOBNIANS IN WASHINGTON
WASHINGTON, Nov. 2G.—Congress
man Loud, accompanied by Mrs. Loud,
arrived in Washington to-night and regis
tered at the Albany, where they will be
this winter. H. F. Dodge of San Fran
cisco is at the Riggs House. He will on
Monday resume his duties as clerk of the
Committee on Postoffices and Postroads,
of which Mr. Loud is chairman.
Advances mad« on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J, Noonan, 1317-1033 Mission.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1893.
SPAIN TO SELL HER
REMAINING ISLANDS
Ready to Part With Those in Oceanica and
May Even Dispose of the
Canary Group.
Special Cable to The Call and the New York Herald. Copyrighted, 1808,
by Jtmei Gordon Bennett.
MADRID, Nov. 26.— There is unaer consideration a pian ior me
selling of all of the remaining Spanish islands in Oceanica. This will
be formulated soon after the ratification of peace. It is considered by
.those who advocate this course that in view of the great demand for
coaling stations in the Far East by all nations, good prices could be
obtained for property of trifling value under the Spanish regime.
This colonial liquidation would include Marianos and the Carolines.
In certain circles I have even heard that Spain might possibly part
with the Canaries.
ACCEPTANCE BY
SPAIN IS NOW
EXPECTED SOON
Time Limit Expires
Monday.
! ORIGINAL DEMANDS HOLD
NON-COMPLIANCE TO BE FOL
LOWED BY AN ULTIMATUM.
Action of Spanish Commissioners,
However, Indicates They Are
Only Trying to Soften Their
Country's Fall.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald tele
graphs: As a result of advices received
from Judge Day and the counter-propo
j sitions made to the American Commis
i sioners yesterday the administration
! expects that on Monday the Spanish
I Commissioners will formally announce
'■ their acceptance of the American terms
j respecting the Philippines. It was re-
Iterated by a Cabinet officer to-day
that notwithstanding the propositions
made by Spain Judge Day and his as
sistants had been instructed to closely
adhere to their original demands, and
it is presumed that by this time Senor
Rios has been so informed.
It is believed in official circles that
further propositions will be submitted
befure Monday, but it can be stated
positively that they will be rejected,
and that Spain must answer definitely.
Non-compliancy will be followed by
the submission of an ultimatum requir
ing immediate action as desired by this
Government or an interruption of ne
gotiations and resumption of hostili
ties. Naturally the authorities are
anxious over the outcome, but the ac
tion o-f the Spanish Commissioners in
making the propositions outlined indi
cates to their mind that the Madrid
Government is prepared to yield and is
only endeavoring to isoften her fall as
much as possible by making better
terms than these offered.
SPAIN'S REPLY WILL
BE MADE MONDAY
But the Spanish Commission. Claims
Not to Know the Nature
of It.
PARIS, Nov. 26.— The Spanish Peace
Commission this evening does not
know what will be the terms of the
answer to the American tender of $20.
000,000 for a treaty cession of the Phil
ippines. Senor Montero Rios, president
of the commission, will himself write
Spain's final reply, presumably upon
the lines approved by the Madrid Gov
ernment, but as yet he has not formu
lated a sentence thereof.
Up to this evening the Madrid Gov
ernment has not instructed Its com
mission here to reject the United
States' offers. Some tentative instruc
tions have been received from Madrid,
but to-day Senor Montero Rios tele
graphed to Madrid for a construction
of them or a clearer light thereon, and
the commission is now awaiting a re
pjy.
Spain will not ask for time beyond
Monday. She will then meet the Amer
icans and make a conclusive reply.
Speculation continues rife here as to
the acceptance or refusal of the Ameri
can terms, but a majority of those who
are in any degree able to Judge believe
that Spain will yield and the American
commissioners expect that a treaty will
be signed.
SPANISH CABINET
OBLIGED TO ACCEDE
Revision of the Treaties of Commerce
and Special Treaty for the Phil
ippines in Order.
MADRID. Nov. 26.— The Impartial
to-day says: "The Spanish Govern
ment thought that after the signing of
the peace treaty friendly relations be
tween the United States and Spain
would be resumed and the Govern
ments would negotiate directly on mat
ters of secondary importance. But the
United States' last note requests that
the Paris Commissioners be empowered
to arrange a revision of the treaties of
commerce and a special treaty for the
Philippines, as well as to settle other
questions. The Spanish Cabinet is
obliged to accede to the request, and
therefore several additional sessions
will be necessary after Monday. The
instructions sent to M. Montero Rios
order him again to jnsist that the abso
lute rights of Spain in the Philippines
should be maintained in accordance
with the very clear text of the protocol.
However, the Government declares that
Senor Montero Rios will sisrn the peace
treaty without reserve, as its signa
ture under protest will deprive the
treaty of a definite character and
leave matters as bad as they are now,
and we have Ministerial authority for
saying that the Government desires
the speediest settlement of these mat
ters, as otherwise they may result in
grave dangers In Spain."
DEMAND FOR CESSION
OF SULU ARCHIPELAGO
Spain Has Sovereignty Over These
Islands, Notwithstanding As
sertions of Germans.
LONDON, Nov. 26.— Special dis
patches from Madrid say Senor Mon
tero Rios, the president of the Spanish
Peace Commission, has informed his
Government that the Americans de
mand the cession of the Sulu archi
pelago. Further advices from Madrid
say the Spanish Cabinet has decided
to instruct its commlsslonerg, after the
peace treaty is signed, to ask for a re
vision of the treaties existing before
the war.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.— The asser
tions made in some of the German
newspapers that Bismarck, in 1877, had
established Germany's rights to the
Sulu Islands, forming the southern por
tion of the Philippine group, have led to
the making of an investigation into the
history of the negotiations of that date
relative to the islands in the East. It
has been found that in the year named
England, Germany and Spain having
conflicting claims to various islands, a
tripartite arrangement was entered
into by the terms of which Spain
yielded her claim to the northern part
of the Island of Borneo, and guaranteed
to England and Germany liberal rights
of trade and fisheries in the Sulu
Islands. The treaty, however, con
cedes absolutely Spain's sovereignty
over the islands, so there is no ob
struction to their cession to the United
States on that score.
SCHLEY RELATES TWO
CURIOUS INCIDENTS
At a Banquet Given in His Honor He
Tells of Strange Emotions of
Telepathy.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— Rear Admiral
Schley was the guest of honor at a
banquet given to-night by the Lotus
Club at their magnificent home on
Fifth avc-nue. Seated at the boar^l to
greet him were gentlemen prominent
In the American-Spanish war and well
known in professional and commercial
circles. The banquet room of the club
was richly decorated with cut flowers,
palms and potted plants, and immedi
ately behind the admiral's chair were
draped the stars and stripes, with the
flag which the admiral brought back
from Santiago.
Seated at the guests' table were
Bishop Potter, Admiral Erben, Captain
Si^U-e, Channcey M. Depew, Colonel
Robert G. lngersoll, Key. Mlnott F.
Savage, Captain A. T. Mahan and Ad
miral Schley.
When Admiral Schley arose to speak
he was accorded a tremendous ovation.
In the course of his remarks the ad
miral told of two strange incidents In
connection with the battle of July 3
off Santiago. After stating that it had
been the Intention of Admiral Cervera
to make his dash out of the harbor on
the night of July 3. Admiral Schley
said;
"By some of the strange emotions of
telepathy I felt on that night that an
outward movement had been deter
mined upon and decided to connect the
after and forward engines of my ship;
yet I feared to be caught in an opera
tion of nearly an hour, but I was told
that the full speed of four engines and
one-half boiler was greater than two
engines and full boiler power,, so I
risked it. Much has to be risked in
battle. It appeared that at the very
hour I was occupying my mind with
this question Cervera had planned his
attempt to escape.
"An >ther curious Incident followed
their army's retreat to the hills west
of Santiago, when our army was clos
ing rapidly about them. The insur
ants took possession of Spanish block
houses to the number of six and burn»l
them. That was the number of ships
in f'ervera's fleet, and he thought it
was a signal to us of their intended
movement, so he thought to fool the
Yankees and remain until the follow
ing day. That little fact determined
the result."
Admiral Schley, In concluding, re
ferred to His v.ork In Porto Rico as
commissioner and said that the people
were gentle and that with the rule of
Spanish oppression removed and confi
dence established they would be a val
uable addition to the United States.
What their position was, he said, he
would leave to Congress.
PREMIUM ON CRIME.
Light Punishment for an Attempt at
Wholesale Murder.
RAN RAFAEL, Nov. 26.— 1t appears
that some of the officials of this city take
a rather light view of a man's attempt
while under the influence of liquor to kill
his wife and daughter, and afterward to
let daylight stream through the bodies of
the arresting officers.
Last night Joseph Soldavinl fired both
bnrrHs of a shotgun at his wife and his
daughter, causing them to flee for their
lives. Then he barricaded the doors of
his house and threatened to kill anybody
that tried to arrest him. He was dis
armed and lodged in Jail by strategy on
the part of Night Watchmen Peter O'Brien
anu Jacob Miller.
This morning Constable C. M. Sheppard
preferred a charge of simply disturbing
the peace against the desperate man. He
was taken before Justice Gardner and
f riven his liberty upon paying- a fine of
10. m
Thrown From His Buggy.
FRESNO, Nov. 26.— J. M. Dias, an old-
time resident of this county, was found
unconscious on the Selma road this even
ing, near the Colwa winery. He was re
moved to a neaVby saloon, where he died
within an hour. Dias had gone out to
Malaga to see his wife, who was work
ing there, and on the way home he was
thrown from his buggy. He was 62 years
old and leaves a large family.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.-Henry A. But
ters nnd family of San Francisco are at
the Fifth Avenue. P. T. Coffey of San
Francisco is at the Hoffman. J. Q. Hest
wood of San Jose is at the Imperial.
"OPEN DOOR"
POLICY FOR
PHILIPPINES
Good During Military
Occupation
PRESIDENT'S VIEWS UPHELD
CONGRESS MAY MAKE TARIFF
CHANGES.
Revenue Systems of the Possessions
Taken From Spain • Continue
to Excite Great Interest
Among Statesmen.
.
i ■
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK Nov. ,26.— Wash
ington correspondent of the Herald
sends the following: Despite the views
of some able constitutional authorities
In and out of Congress the President
and his Cabinet are convinced of the
power of the Government to maintain
an "open door" policy in the Philip
pines.
This whole matter was gone over
very carefully by the administration
before the policy announced in Paris
was adopted, and it was decided that
the right to carry out this system at
least during the term of military occu
pation was ample. I learn that dis
patches from Paris were in error in
saying the commission announced that
the United States would pledge itself
to this policy for a term of years. The
Commissioners went no further than
to declare that this would be the pol
icy of the United States while the Phil
ippines were under military control.
After they pass under the control of
Congress it will be for Congress to de
termine whether the policy shall be
longer continued. It is regarded by the
administration as a good diplomatic
move as It will put the United States
In a strong position in Oriental diplo
macy and will tend to insure the sup
port of Great Britain for any policy
this country may adopt in dealing with
questions arising in that nart of the
world.
Questions of the policy to be adopted
in dealing with the tariff and revenue
systems of the possessions taken from
Spain continue to. excite great interest
among Senators and Representatives
who are arriving in Washington for the
approaching session. As might be ex
pected on the question involving the
construction of a debatable constitu
tional point there is a wide diversity of
views. Senator Gorman does not be
lieve that what is proclaimed as the
"open-door" policy with reference to
the Philippines at all commits this Gov
ernment to a non-uniform tariff sys
tem with reference to these islands. In
due time, he holds, Congress will take
hold of the whole matter and no more
obstruction 'Will exist between the Phil
ippines and the United States than ex
ists between the United States and any
other territory controlled by it. '
Senator Gorman proceeds on the pre
sumption that the Philippines will be
occupied by the United States, and that
the treaty will be signed and ratified
on that basis.
Senator Faulkner of West Virginia, a
member of the Canadian Commission,
says he has carefully examined the so
called open-door proposition, and he
holds there is nothing unconstitutional
in the position paid to have been taken
by the President. He contends that
Congress alone has constitutional power
to levy taxation, and pending action by
Congress the President, in the exercise
of his constitutional power, may es
tablish a military form of government
in the Philippines and make such regu
lations as -will best serve the Interests
of the United States. ■■■-,
STOCKHOLDERS WILL GET
|HE FOX JUDGMENT
Judge Hebbard handed down an opinion
yesterday directing that the residue of the
judgment hi the celebrated case of Fox
against the Hale & Norcross Silver Min
ing i 'iimpany be distributed to the stock
holders and not to tho corporation aa a
body. This by no means settles the liti
gation, however, as an appeal will be
taken from the order of distribution. New
points will naturally arise, and in their
order they must be passed upon by the
Supreme Court before the contending liti
gants will be willing to cease battling and
close the suit.
In this action Fox obtained Judgment,
which, with interest, aggregated $304,447 71.
Twice the Supreme Court was called upon
to review the case, and finally on the or
der of that tribunal the money was paid
in Judge Hebbard's department of the Su
perior Court. The amount was placed in
the hands of Recei\ - er Groom and subse
quently deposited in bank, and the order
of yesterday directs the receiver to dis
tribute It to the stockholders, reserving,
however, the payment of the dividend
upon the shares of stock now in contro
versy between the corporation and certain
stockholders concerning a sale thereof,
for nr>n-payment of assessments.
In ordering the distribution of the judg
ment the court says:
The petition presented in this case by the
Grayson Board of directors shows to the court
that the official control of the Hale & Nor
oross Silver Mining Company is now In dis
pute and In litigation which may be prolonged
indefinitely, and In terms asks that the court
lock up this fund for a time Just as Indefi
nite. There is every reason why the court
should proceed and distribute this fund imme
diately. It Is a court of equity; the court has
appointed a receiver to carry the Judgment
hito effect, not to nullify It; the damages to
the stockholders accrued in ISB7, 1888 and 1889;
the then stockholders or their assigns, to
whom all equities attach, are the beneficiaries
of the fund in court; a distribution to tho pw
ent stockholders is. in effect, a distribution to
the corporation; the fund is not and Mas never
been in the possession of the corporation; it is
in legal custody, and so recovered against the
wishes and the efforts of the corporation; the
titlf thereto Is out of the corporation and never
was in the corporation. The cause is in equity,
and the chancellor must see to it that the fund
ha equitably distributed. It Is therefore ordered
that the petition of G. \V. Oraynon and others
claiming to represent the Board of Directors
of the Hale & Norcross Silver Mining Company,
and asking that the fund In court in this case
ba held until the final determination of the
controversy as to which of the contending
Boards of Directors is the de jure board of said
corporation, and then to pay the fund to that
board, be and it Is denied.
It is further ordered that the receiver herein
proceed, after five days, and under the direction
of this court, to distribute said fund to the then
stockholders of said corporation; that is to say:
Out of the judgment collected, to-wtt, the
gum of $304,447 71, there being- already deducted,
under orders of court the sum of $69y4 60. be
ing defendant's costs, and the sum of $76.
111 86, being plaintiff's attorney's fees, 25 per
cent of the judgment, and the sum of $5000,
Tiild to the receiver on account, and the sum of
$5)00 paid to the receiver's attorneys on account,
and the sum of $70 40, being a balance due the
official stenographer of the court In the case.
Bald receiver shall retain the further sum of
$8310 85 for fees and incidental expenses to be
hereafter determined, and upon the balance re
maining of $204,960 said receiver shall declare
a dividend upon 112,000 shares of the stock of
the corporation, being at the rate of $1 83 per
share and shall pay the same to the stock
holders of the corporation, reserving, however,
the payment of said dividend upon the shares
of stock now in controversy between the cor
poration (jnd certain stockholders concerning a
saJe thereof, for non-payment of assessments
thereon, until the further order of the court,
Binl that said receiver report to the court from
time to time what lie has done under this
order.
ADVERTISEMENTS. - 'o^j^^J^.
oV^> <s>4>-s><s>^«g><s.«>^>^ <$• <s> <s> ♦ <$-«^<^<j *> ♦ <s> ♦ ♦ ♦ ♦•♦ ♦> -»
: FINE :
| SPECIAL SALE! \
♦ Beginning To-Morrow, Monday, Nov. 28- 1
♦ ♦
<3> • ; . . /-...-■•■■♦
> A large shipment of latest novelties in Rich, Fine Black ♦
<3> Dress Goods delayed in transit has arpi\ed a month later ♦
* than expected. The season being advanced, these goods ♦
<S> will be sold FAR BELOW THEIR ACTUAL VALUE. t
<$> ;v: • . ♦
<$, — •—• — - — ♦
<§> ♦
I SEE IMMENSE DISPLAY IN SHOW WINDOWS. ♦-,
<$> '
* ~~ ♦
* d^/Q.OO A SUlT.— Fine Black jA "I rV,SO A SUlT— Excellent J.
♦'■ l^lY- Periola Suitings in hand- JKil I' Novelty Black Cre-
q l|/vf some designs in nice y^" pon in brilliant mo- ♦
<$> raised effects, good qual- hair poplin grounds, ♦
* ity, 6 yards to a suit, • all new raised effects, *,
♦ worth $9^, a suit. actual value $13 $> J.
J — • a su.t. ♦]
♦ d*0.75 A SUIT — Rich Black (MO-00 A SUlT Highest ♦'
♦ T^O Crepon and Penola Suit- jK I/* Novelties in Silk Mo- <$>.
U/w ings in handsome de- \jJ*Cw hair Crepon, very ele- *
<» signs, large and medium, ■' gant designs in me-
.♦ very rich luster, excellent "*» dium and large raised <-
* * quality, value at $10 2 » effects, actual value &
* - and $12 J» a suit. $15 «« a suit. ♦ |
<$> .. ; _. . ♦'■
<s> •
♦ . ' ■ .•" ♦
■« A YARD— 2S pieces of Black Ail-Wool Storm— A YARD ¥*f\ *>
<$> hgifl - Serge, full 50 inches wide, extra hi ifl I
" IJOiJ l quality, actual value 85c a yard. HjLJttJ '
» \W %P ' • ..." " <b
<s>
COUNTRY' ORDERS SOLICITED.
* <j,
& • <&
TELEPHONE WAR
AT SAN JOSE
Price of "Helios" Will
Come Down.
SAN JOSE. Nov. 26.— The Sunset and
the People's telephone companies are at
daggers' points and the Sunset is doing
all in its power to bring about such
a condition of finances in its rival's
exchequer that it can swallow the Peo
ple's. The two lines have never been
friendly, and it looks now as though
the people of San Jose will before lon*
enjoy a telephone war, in which the
price of "hellos" may be cut in two.
More than competition enters into the
fiehf there is local politics, which
dates' back to the charter election of
At that time there were two tickets
in the field— named by the gang
and the other by the citizens and tax
payers. The campaign was a bitter
one Prominent among those opposed
to gang rule and the mismanagement of
city affairs were nearly all the large
stockholders and officers of the People's
Telephone Company. These men were
*?£ SiXFTSffit was defeated.
Then Rea and Mackenzie decided to
teach Dr H J- B- Wm-ht and other
members of the People's Telephone
Company to keep out of politics by
«i?plfng their business. Stockholders
frier to the "gang" were given the
tip to get out of the company. Ernest
I- ion and Gus Lion, nephews of Mayor
Martin, who was Rea's candidate in
the charter election, withdrew and sold
their stock. A boycott was then de
clared against the People's Telephone
C A^wtning ally was found in the Sun
set Telephone Company.
Th*> People's Telephone Company was
organized in 1896. Before this time the
business men and residents of San Jose
were at the mercy of the Sunset Com
pany and they were made to pay "all
the traffic would bear." Business
houses paid $5 and. in some instances
$7 a month, and residences $4 a month.
The service was poor, and telephone
employes were autocrats who paid no
attention to the complaints of subscrib
ers. The People's Company was organ
ized by local capital, and in it mer
chants , saw -their salvation. This
forced the Sunset rates to be cut to 52
a month for business houses and $1 25
for residences, and the Sunset's income
was materially reduced. The People's
Company gives a good service, with low
rates, and its list is rapidly growing.
The first move made by the political
leaders against the People's Telephone
Company was to order the 'phones out
of most of the ctlv and county offices.
Five were- taken out of the Courthouse
and five from the City Hall. The Mac
kenzies. who are said to hold franks
over the Sunset line, wore instrumental
in this move. Their friends discon
tinued the 'phones of the -local corpora
tion,- and it Is said that .over 100 instru
ments were removed through the^bov-
C °The company pays a royalty of 2
cents per 'phone a month to the city
Until the charter fight the city never
collected it but now that they are be
ing boycotted they are also being, made
tO T P h? r flght l S 3 Sifon and the "people of
San rJosfare becoming deeply interested
in ir They fear lest the Sunset may,
a^^SKt^m^^^he
Ol Th r is C °wa P r a fare against the. company
that has-been the means of saving the
people several : thousand dollars, yearly
Fs arousing much feeling and the ; boy
cott may prove a boomerang as the
people realize they must stand by the
ne ?he C 0132? move 'of the Sunset Com
pany to inconvenience the people was
made a few days ago. The People's
Company has always had a couple of
Puiiset 'phones in its office and trans
mitted messages free from its sub
scribers to the business houses on Sun
set. For this accommodation it paid
$10 per month. Now the Sunset people
have ordered the local company to dis>
continue this under penalty of having
the 'phones removed from their office.
For a lons time the Southern Pacific
stood in with the Sunset Company and
refused to allow the home people to
put phones in the freight depots, al
though no charge was to be made for
them and they were simply to accom
inofisitp rustomers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Kidney Diseases
Heart Disease, Cancer,
Liver Complaints and
Chronic Ailments Gen-
erally Cured by the
ENGLISH and GERMAN SPECIALISTS 1
These Eminent Physicians have been i
established for more than twenty- ;
six years. Incorporated for $250,000. !
Free Consultation and Advice.
731 Market St., San Francisco, Cat. !
TAKE ELEVATOR. Tiours. 8 to 5. dally.!
Evenings. 7 to 8. Sundays. 9 to 11.
f Avoid all drying Inhalants
and use that which
cleanses, soothes and heals
the membrane. ;
Ely's Cream Balm
Is such a remedy and will
cure
CATARRH
easily pleasantly.
Cold in the Head
quickly vanishes.
Cream Balm is placed into th« nostrils,
treads over the membrane and is ttMurOeu.
■Relief is Immediate and a cure follows. It is
not drying— does not produce sneezing. Large
50c- Trial Size. 10c; at Druggists or by mail.
ELY BROTHERS, 56 Warren St.. New York.
Use f^^k
Facial Soap E^^ Facial Cream.
The Grandest Toilet Combination known for
the skin, complexion and teeth Is Woodbury's
Facial Soap. Facial Cream and Facial and
Tooth Powder. The daily use of these articles
will protect a fair complexion and cure a bad
'skin. ; ..'... . .
s^^AL/ WHEN YOU ;
: /C^^^i^^sL Require an EI I EC "
Pierces" and you will
' "-^~~=7jijc. S no * be disappointed. .
"Vjv^ . Call or address PIERCE
' ELECTRIC CO.. 620
Market st. (opp. Palace Hotel). S. F. . ;
1 ' ' "■"---' -..■.■■iii.. i ,
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful .aphrodlsine and ■ speclflo tonic
for the sexual .and . urinary organs of both
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative
Invigorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own ;
i Merits; no lopsr-winded testimonials necessary
-. ■: NABEK. ALFS & BRUNE. Agent,
[ 323 Market street, S. ; F.— (Send for Circular.)GREAT BRITAIN
VIEWS IT WITH
INDIFFERENCE
No Alarm by Treaty
of France and Italy.
FRIENDSHIP OF UNCLE SAM
CAUSES JOHN BULL TO REMAIN
IN COMPLACENT MOOD.
I
In the Present Position of the World's j
Politics England Is Not Solici
tous for Italian
Support.
Copyrighted, IS9B, by the Associated Press.
LONDON, Nov. 26.— France and
Italy, after a decade of tariff warfare, j
have surprised their friends and ene
mies by concluding a commercial ;
treaty which promises to shift the
balance of power in Europe. But for j
the friendship of the United States,
which emboldens Great Britain to
comparative indifference regarding;
continental combinations, Great Brit- i
am would be alarmed at this prospect '
of Italy deserting the triple alliance j
and adding her formidable navy to the
Franco-Russian compact, which is
held to be the inevitable result of the
union of the two estranged nations.
The critics here regard the treaty as a i
sequel to the Fashoda incident, i
France's defeat in Egypt opened her j
eyes to the necessity of increasing the
number of her friends. Therefore, she j
hastened to initiate negotiations with
Italy and will give her weaker neigh
bor the benefit of the minimum tariff,
long and vainly sought by the lat- j
ter. The Italians estimate that under i
the new arrangement a million hecto
litres of heavy southern wines, which
are used in mixing the lighter French
wines, will be exported to France, re- ;
suiting in a great impetus to Italian
Industry. In return France expects to
remove the dangers of having to cope
with the Italian navy in the Mediter
ranean in the event of a German war
and also to nullify Germany's policy
of isolating France.
Free trade Britain has no subsidies
she can offer to retain Italy's support;
but, in the present position of the
wi .lid's politics, she is not as solicitous.
for it as she would have been a year
ago. What Great Britain loses in Italy,
the Westminster Gazette declares, she :
grains in the Philippines.
Conversations which a representative j
of the Associated Press has had with !
politicians here indicate that the inter- i
est of Englishmen in the United States' j
Eastern tariff ia increased \y the be- j
lief that once embarked in colonial ac- J
quisition the United States will be j
compelled, as Great Britain has been, j
to constantly add to her colonies pos
sessions which may be thrown on the (
market merely to prevent them falling ,
into the hands of her rivals. I ]
Th>- inauguration of a "closed door"
policy, they think here, should do much
ial damage to British interests,
and every American utterance tending
reshadow the "open door" policy
has been eagerly seized upon and mag
nified by the editorial writers.
The Speaker says: "The Government
at Washington is creditably anxious to
chow to the world that they do not de
sire mere aggrandizement for their vic
tory over Spain, and they do not desire
to shut out other nations from the ma
terial advantage which they derive
themselves."
The London office of a Philippine cap
italist has received a letter from ite
■ at Manila, dated October 18, in
which the agent says:
"The rebels are prepared already to
n.-sist annexation. I am in the confi
dence of their chiefs and I assure you
they are quite prepared to retire to the
hills if more than a protectorate is of
fered. I hope it will not come to war
like proceedings, for it would be a very
protracted affair. The Americans
would not find the rebels as easy as the
Spaniards did, for they formerly had
only 400 rifles, while the rebels now
have SO, OOO rifles and eighty cannon, in
cluding several Maxims."
The Manila correspondent adds:
"Americans are not allowed to pass
the rebel lines without passportr. A
party of German officers who attempt
ed to do so without passports were
mistaken for Americans and were re
fused permission. When it was dis
covered they were Germans the offi
cers were permitted to proceod."
The manager of this Philippine com
pany, who has spent years in the Phtl
ADVERTISEMENTS.
*~~ "There is so much troubl
y*^sS^v\ coming into the world.'
C JSFf wLv said Lord Boliugbroke,
vt--^L/ "and so much more in
vT~^ 1)1 — ■■ iT" £° in £ out of it,
'mteij ' j/" I - L ': > - A Jpr'' that it is Bardly
* / jL-~tf' r 'rr vr^'' worth while to
-* ♦ JP^^Er^" be here at all."
«=^ W^Jjk -'J-£r&- If a man and a
'" ■T^y^Tl^^*' Jl~ philosopher
— P^^P^z^~^i£fZ.-? comes to this
V 1 .7 iJ&Jt* conclusion,
V I IV <f o£» *"" what must-be the
/ V yA dSi - natural conclusion
Ij \ I -Zs3KP lii ~ oi the thousands
V( J*Tar of suffering
£y\+J women who undergo
untold torture in bring-
ing their babes into the world?
Philosophy of this kind is based upon
gross ignorance. The fact is, that there is
no necessity for the severe pangs under-
gone by the average woman. If a woman
Is strong and healthy, in a womanly way,
motherhood means to her h;it little suffer-
ing. The trouble lies in tne fact that the
majority of women suffer from weakness
and disease of the distinctly feminine or-
ganism and are unfitted for motherhood.
This can always be remedied. Dr. Pierces
Favorite Prescription is a sure, speedy and
permanent cure for all disorders of this
description. It acts directly on the delicate
and important organs concerned, making
them healthy, strong, vigorous, virile and
elastic. It banishes the indispositions of
the period of expectancy and makes baby's
advent easy and almost painless. It quick-
ens and vitalizes the feminine organs, and
insures a healthy and robust baby. Thou-
sands of women have testified to its mar-
velous merits. Honest druggists do.net
offer substitutes, and urge them upon you
ms "just as good." . .
"I suffered fourteen years," writes Mrs.
Mary J. Stewart, of Box '46, Saratoga, Santa
Clara Co., Cal., with female weakness, nervous-
ness and general debility. I tried everything to
no avail. Dr. I"ierce'B Favorite Prescription
and ' Golden Medical Discovery ' cured me. 1
The names, addresses and photographs of .
hundreds of women cured by Dr. Pierce'a
medicines are printed by permission in
the " People's Common Sense Medical
Adviser." It's free. For a paper-covered
copy send 21 one-cent stamps to cover mail-
ing only. French cloth binding 31 stamps.
Address Dr. R. V. Pierce/Buffalo, N. Y.
Every woman needs a great medical book.
Dr.* Pierces Common Sense Medical Ad-
viser fills this want. ,: It contains over 1000
"} paves and nearly 800 illustration* j
SHIPBUILDERS' TRUST
HAS BEEN ORGANIZED
But the United States Will Defeat the Object of
*the Combination by Building Warships
at Its Own Yards if Necessary.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.— Notwithstanding Henry T. Scott's state
ment that no trust of ship-builders is contemplated, there are reasons
for believing otherwise, although In justice to Mr. Scott it is only fair
to assume that he had no knowledge of such an organization when he
made his denial last Wednesday. The Navy Department has been
informed that ship-builders may organize, but the department is pre
pared to resist any possible extortionate exactions hereafter by
building its own vessels at its navy-yards, if this shall become ne
cessary. A naval bureau chief said to The Call correspondent to-day
that he believed the ship-builders would abandon their idea of a
trust when they were made to realize that the Government was
ready to recommend to Congress that its shipbuilding. plants at va
rious navy-yards, including Mare Island, be so increased and Im
proved as to be capable of turning out as good vessels as are
now constructed by private contractors.
"If we ascertain that such a trust actually exists we will undoubt
edly have the support of Congress and the necessary appropriations
to enlarge our facilities at the navy-yards," he said.
ippine Islands, does not attach any
importance to the foregoing plans. He
says the Americans have magnified the
importance and influence of Aguinaldo
throughout.
There is a report in commercial cir
cles that Spain will reorganize her en
tire financial system and readjust her
bonded indebtedness after the treaty
of peace is signed. This report disturbs
the bondholders of Spain. '
An English Carlist positively asserts
that Don Carlos' army will take the
field in Spain soon after the treaty is
signed. He declares that a loan has
been fully financed and that it is di
vided equally between France and Eng
land, and he adds that after the Eng
lish capitalists were shown the evi
dences on which Don Carlos' chances
of success are based, they offered sev
eral times the amount asked. The
Englist Carlists assert that much more
money would have been secured had it
not been for the fact that Don Carlos
stipulated that there should be no as
sistance from Jews, as he Is apprehen
sive of their obtaining financial con
trol of the monarchy.
Continuing, it was asserted that the
Spanish Government has known for
some time that Don Carlos possessed
an army, organized into battalions and
batteries, officered and largely armed,
but the Spanish Ministers counted on
his failua§ to secure funds. Therefore
the Spanfth Government is said to be
panic stricken and to be endeavoring
to make the Spaniards believe that
Great Britain has agreed to finance
Don Carlos and that hie, in return, has
undertaken to cede the Canary Islands
to Great Britain in the event of suc
cess.
The commission appointed by the
Spanish Chambers of Commerce to
consider the question of reforms in
Spain met at Saragossa and recom
mended sweeping military and civil re
trenchment, in addition to many re
forms for the benefit of the working
men. The commission also pronounced
in favor of an investigation into the
continuance of the Cuban insurrection
and withholding the rewards promised
to Cuban officers.
The recent tragic death of the Em
press of Austria overclouds the celebra
tion in that country of the half-century
of the Emperor's reign and prevents
the carrying out of the festive featmes
of the programme. The ceremonies
will be confined to the churches, schools
and army, and Vienna will be decorated
and illuminated only by private citi
zens.
The Austrian Reichsrath assembled
yesterday and listened to the addresses
of the presidents of the two houses
eulogizing the reign of Emperor Francis
Joseph. The members as a rule wore
evening dress and decorations, but the
Poles and Czechs were dressed in gala
national costumes. Only the benches of
the Socialists were empty, the members
of that party having refused to partici
pate in the meeting. About 4000 civic
honors will be conferred on December
2, the anniversary of the proclamation,
In 1848, of Francis Joseph as Emperor
of Austria, after the abdication of his
uncle, Ferdinand T. and the renuncia
tion of the crown by his father. Among
those who will be honored are all the
burgomasters. All the garrisons will
attend church, and every soldier, in
cluding the retired and bronze medal
men of each regiment, will select the
best officer or private for a decoration.
GRANTED WATER FRONT
FOR ITS TERMINAL
Monterey and Fresno Railroad Com
pany Receives a Provisional
Gift.
SALINAS. Nov. 26.— During the visit
j here of Mayor Johnson of Monterey this
j afternoon he officially gave out the infor
! mation that the Council of that city had
i grantpfl to the Monterey and Fresno Rail-
I road Company 1470 feet of water front, all
i that was owned by the city, on the pro
vis. 1 that active operations on the road
be commenced within forty days.
The constra<t with the California Con
struction Company calls for work to begin
thirty days after the contract was signed,
which was on November 15. It specifies
that the company must construct, equip
and put Into operation a first-class road
bftween Monterey and Hollister, with all
rolling stock, depots and other appurte
nances. The work must be finished and
j the road in operation by July 15, 1&99. A
I bond of $100,000 has been given the trustees
of Monterey County to bind the contract.
Colonel A. W. Jonea. president of the rail
road, says that as soon as eight or ten
remaining rights of way are obtafned the
work will begin. This will be before De
cember 10.
PRESIDENT M'MANES
FULFILLS HIS PLEDGE
Pays Off Every Dollar Due Creditors
of the People's Bank of
Philadelphia.
PHILADELPHIA, Nov. 26.— Thomas TV.
Barlow, receiver of the People's Bank, has
notified the depositors of that institution
that the remaining 10 per cent due them
will be paid on and after December 5,
1898. This payment will close every un
contested claim against the bank, includ
ing those for tho deposits of the city and
State.
The People's Bank closed its doors on
March 25. after the cashier John S. Hop
kins, had committed suicide. Tho liabili
ties were about $1,500,000, while the assets
were less than $1,000,000.
, At the time of the suspension President
McManes pledged himself to pay the de
positors dollar for dollar, and the an
nouncement of Receiver Barlow shows
that he has kept his word.
UNION JACK HOISTED
OVER CUSAN ISLANDS
British Admiral Reported to Have
Practically Seized t£e Whole
Archipelago.
LONDON, Nov. 26.— According to a dis
patch from Shanghai to a news agency
f>ublißhed here this afternoon, the Brlt
sh admiral has hoisted the Union Jack
over Ting Hal, capital of the island of
Cusan, and over several other Islands In
the Cusan archipelago.
Seventh's Last Pay Day.
LOS ANGELES. Nov. 26.— The date for
the mustering out of the Seventh Regi
ment of California Volunteers has been
definitely set for December 2. Major Ken
yon, paymaster, arrived In the city to
day and, with a corps of assistants, la
working on the pay rolls.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL. SUNDAY, NOVEMBER *J7, 1898.
HUNDREDS SEEK
OUTLAW'S CACHE
Digging- for Gold Near
San Rafael.
RESERVOIR HILL CROWDED
MEN EVEN CROSS THE BAY TO
SEARCH.
Excited by the Story of Leopold
Goetz's Quest of the Treasure
Buried by Bandit Adolph
Newton.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 26.— 1t is evi
dent that there are several hundred
persons residing in this city and its
environs to whom the Klondike is a
matter of secondary consideration at
! present. As soon as the news reached
■ the public generally through the me
. .liurn of The Call that Leopold Goetz,
j a local cigar manufacturer, was search
; ing for over $50,000 in gold dust and
; nuggets believed to have been cached
] by Adolph Newton, a Shasta 1 County
bandit, in the year 1866, and had ex
: pressed confidence that he would lay
I hands on the booty, there was an exo
j dus of people with Reservoir Hill as
i the Mecca of their hopes.
Goetz this morning repaired to his
mountain haunts with the intention of
pursuing his excavations. What he
saw caused him to come back with eyea
dilated with wonder.
"Holy smokes!" he exclaimed to a
confidential friend, who thought the
story too good to keep, "dot hill vas
simply loaded down, mit people. Dere
ain't a man but has some sort of tools
to dig somewheres mit, and dey is
dryin' to move de whole hills avay from
dere."
Goetz was shown The Call article,
j and his astonishment increased. He im
] mediately asserted that he must take
! some means to throw the public off
the track. He found a reporter later
and told him that he had already found
the money and taken it to San Fran
j Cisco, and requested him to publish the
I statement.
The explanation he offers now for be
ing in possession of the diagram of the
location where the go-Id is cached is
that he got it from a cousin of Newton,
who, he says, lives in San Francisco.
This explanation is rather flimsy, for It
would appear that the cousin would
certainly be eager to get the go-Id him
self.
The search for the treasure is not
confined to San Rafael and vicinity.
Several came across the bay to-day and
Joined the ranks of those -mw after the
gold, while one man put in three hours'
time trying to find Goetz himself. This
man claimed that he had an instrument
that would locate gc-ld buried at a
depth of five feet If it were brought
within fifty feet of where it is hidden.
CAPTAIN GENERAL
BLANCO RETIRES
Turns Over the Duties of His Office
to His Successor, General
Castellanos.
HAVANA, Nov. 26.— Marshal Blanco,
at 1:30 o'clock this morning formally
re-signed the office of Governor General
and Captain General of the Island of
Cuba, In favor of General Jlminez Cas
tellanos. The ceremony took place in
the palace without any further sol
emnity than the secretary of the Gov
ernment reading the royal decrees on
the subject In the nresence of the Colo
nial Governor, and General Parrado,
General Solano, General Ruiz and Gen
eral Tejada. The ceremony and fes
tivities attending the taking of the
oath of office In previous years uoon
the appointment of a new Governor
General were dispensed with on the
present occasion. There was merely a
formal turning over 'of the military
c ..imands.
Preparations for the rapid evacuation
of the provinces of Pinar del Rio and
Havana are progressing actively. The
Spanish transnort Covadonga arrived
here last night.
The United States transport Florida
completed unloading her cargo yester
day at Marianao and entered Havana
harbor shortly after sundown. The
Often at the Quemados are doing well.
TRIED TO REACH CANADA.
Ex-Mayor Magowan Wanted to Es
cape Requisition.
KRIE, Pa., Nov. 26.— When ex -Mayor
Magowan of Trenton, charged with kid
naping, heard that Governor Hastings
had granted a requisition returning him
to Ohio, Magowan tried to hire a tug to
take him to Canada, but could find no
owners who would rent a vessel to him.
He next offered to buy a tug, but was
unable to secure one. When it was
learned that Magowan was trying to leave
the country he was arrested and taken
before Judge Walling, who sent him to
Jail. Magowan's, Mrs. Barnes 1 and Mrs.
wynn's ball cases have been continued
until next Friday. Mrs. Wynn is in To
ronto.
St. Louis Glove Contest.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 26.— Eddie Connolly of
St. Johns, N. 8., and John Kerwin, the
"Chicago Mystery," fought twenty rounds
here to-night. The men proved to be very
evenly matched, and Referee Tim Hurst
called the contest a draw. Kddie Santry
of Chicago stopped Australian Billy Mur
phy in the third round. A right and left
arm swing in the jaw and a straight left
on the stomach did the work. Al Niest of
St. Louis was given the decision over i
Johnny Van Heest of Puluth at the end of j
ten rounds. 1
BITTERNESS
OF THE PRESS
OF GERMANY
Still Arraigning the
United States.
URGES THE KAISER TO ACT
SAYS HE SHOULD GRAB A FEW
ISLANDS.
j
But While the Editors Have, William
Is Kept Busy Maintaining
Order in His Turbu
lent Empire.
Copyrighted, 1898, by the Associated Press.
BERLIN,' Nov. 26.— The German
press this week has busied itself a great
deal about the Philippine question and
the peace negotiations at Paris. Nearly
all the comment has been uncompli
mentary to the United States, which is
charged with "excessive greed and po
litical indecency in formulating new
demands, " President McKinley being
accused of "inconsistency" and "lack of
backbone" in not withstanding "the in
creasing demands of the imperial
party."
A number of the German papers
have now adopted a strain indicating
a desire to obtain a portion of the
Spanish Asiatic possessions for Ger
many. The Kreuz Zeitung, which has
much influence at court and in army
circles, says:
"Germany is materially interested in
the outcome of the peace negotiations,
more particularly with respect to the
Sulu archipelago, where Germany and
Great Britain possess the same kind of
commercial privileges, granted to them
by Spain in 1877, and in which Ham
burg and Bremen are largely inter
ested.
"American annexation of this group,
besides being a matter of strategic im
portance, would mean, in view of
America's prohibitory tariff policy, the
I destruction of both the German and
j British trade. In short, an understand
: ing with Great Britain for joint action
I and intervention is absolutely indis-
p ensable. The theory of an 'American
i sea' cannot be accepted by any of the
i European nations. Air. Kasson, there
fore, has been indulging in day
dreams."
The Deutsche Zeitung, an organ of
the Pan-German party, says: "It ,is
particularly painful that with the Caro
line Islands, to which will probably be
added the rest of the islands, a piece of
Spanish goods is disposed of to which
we had the historical pre-emption
claim."
The Deutsche Zeitung concludes with
urging the Government to seize the oc
casion to acquire a portion of the Caro
lines, or at least secure compensation
in Samoa, and also obtain guarantees
for the future of Germany's commer
cial interests in the Philippines and
Sulu archipelagos.
"Guarantees," it says spitefully,
"which will hold water even against
American Interpretations."
In spite of the newspaper comments,
the correspondent of the Associated
Press Is informed on good authority
that Germany still does not contem
plate Interference, active or otherwise,
with the American claims, at least as
lonf as no concerted action is proposed
or carried out Jointly by the European
powers. This statement tallies with
assurances given by the Foreign Office
here. So far as the United States Em
bassy is concernod, no proposition Of
any kind has been made by the Ger
man Government. In fact, the Ger
man press utterances urpin~ Germany
to secure special benefits from America
or Spain during the peace negotiations
are solely an expression of the wishes
of part of the German people, and they
in no wav bind the Government, which
is now, more than ever, desirous of fos
tering the good will of America.
The Cologne Gazette publishes a let
ter from a correspondent at Manila as
serting with "keen regret" that half
of the United States land and naval
force there is composed of Germans,
and giving a far from flattering picture
of American rule at Manila.
The Manila correspondent of the Vos
sische Zeitung draws an even more
gloomy picture, dwelling upon the al
leged prevalence of drunkenness and
other excesses among the American
troops.
Emperor William has returned home
to find Germany in a seething political
ferment. All classes of society seem
permeated with the spirit of unrest and
dissatisfaction. In liberal and radical
circles there is a feeling that there is
too much of the personal element in the
government of the country and that
this personal rule is doing much mis
chief. This feeling has found expres
sion in a strong article in the Vor
waerts, which discusses the matter in
its usual caustic and able way. It
says:
"There is an imperial Chancellor and
there are imperial Prussian ministers.
But who hears of them? Where is
Prince Hohenlohe? What is he doing?
No one knows. We hear day after day
of the acts of the Government. The
Emperor is everywhere and the Chan
cellor is nowhere."
The meeting of the Reichstag is
looked forward to with apprehension.
The reopening of that body was an
nounced to-day for December 6, and
domestic problems will have to be
faced which it will require most tactful
and liberal statesmanship to solve sat
isfactorily. The anti-Semites are clam
oring for measures against the Jews;
the Junkers demand legislation to ar
rest the growth of the Polish population
and to oppose the steady march of the
Slav races westward; the Socialists are
clamorous for recognition and extension
of the rights of the working class; the
Radicals are insisting on a whole pro
gramme of reforms; the Danes in North
Schleswig are bitterly resenting the ex
pulsions of Danes; the Alsatians are
opposing a dictatorship in Alsace-Lor
raine, and the Agrarians are goading
the \Government into a reactionary
tariff policy.
Such is the stormy sea of conflicting
demands in which the German Govern
ment has to navigate during the com
ing session of the Imperial Diet.
It was hoped the Emperor would visit
the three South German rulers on his
way home and assist in the task of
government by allaying some of the 111 -
feelin? which is still latent in the south
against Prussia.
The fact that Russia is not on very
friendly terms with Germany and that
Emperor William's visit to the Holy
Land has made matters worse is re
ceiving confirmation in more than one
quarter. Prince Ukholmsky, the Czar's
close friend and confidant, in the St.
Petersburg A r edomosti, violently ex
presses Russian disapproval of the
trip, calling Emperor William a rene
gade and accusing the whole German
nation of being his accomplices. More
over, the fact that the Czar, contrary
_^_^ __ - : ;;..„.....:... ADVEBTISEMENT&
i flu 9 V^
t3fl ffiS^nun^^HHßß BaicI^BHBBSH^^HBPy jJW^Bßp^a^pSwJSfffiißlf-i^''-"^ 1 - ?^B
P rp^inpnf* si
• i ra^^at^pKfßftaßWß^^^BßwMwMß^B
By us to address our fel-
low-citizens just for a few wß^^SKS^^S^^^^S^S^^S^^^^^^^^^^!^^^
moments on a , question PffP9|ypß^
that is of imminent im<- '^^SlMS^SKKSt^^^^^^^SS^SßS^^^^^(^t
portance and in direct line • , mF
with their welfare, and Wm^^^^^^^SßSw^^l^W^^^S^^^^^wSk
that welfare is the provid- mSS^^^S^^^^W^^^^^^^^Ss^^M^^S^'
ing of our fellow -citizens "K^?jP^ yIP. r . . B B
?/77/z «,7t Overcoat * like Mr. jbs p^3bQSS^9JSbBS I^BS IBS foßFflgrnHll^Bl^B^Hl^Hl^ffl^B bb
with an Overcoat like Mr. : "
President is wearing. ™^^a^^BH^^^E^ißSMSlMß^^HggS^^^ :^i, : :_
/^ Z5 r/uzYc a dignified flKW^H^'^M@3SHßHHßV^ilw^ ' % '> -^ 1 : -
Overcoat, in light shades, WXSSsL Wm B^S^HHH^^^^^^-->,-K SB 8
as well as in blue, black HN|^^^|[^kHßH^^BSHbHßl^s^- h 3
and brown. i^'-^ .; "'' I
To make it an ideal gar- '^^mSSs^^^^^u^^S^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^Smßl
merit, we have lined the M^^B^Mi^HiS^^^l^^^Bi^^^S^^^fe^^S
sleeves with satin; to make W^^^^S^Sj^S^^^^^^^^^^m^ff^-l n ffl
z<£ /•ic/Z' inside, we have j^^^^^ SJllil^^^j !S-^^^^^^Hi^^s^ ; » " '' ,
///?^(7- f72,& shoulders with
satin; to add to its warmth BBUHlH^ SBH^Bi^§^^^^^^^^BaWHlw<l(9(W :
and, yet to its beauty, we J^^BllBlBHb^^sl^^^^^^^mKS^P^^^
have put a fine worsted W^^^^^^^^M^^^^^^^^SS^^^^^f P^%^§|
-lining. W'S^WWJ^^a^^B^a^^^^^^^^^^l B» -' : ," I
These, Mr. President WrW&SWi 3 fe *
«7*c/< fellow-citizens, will P^HjHhHJ BH^B^^^S^^^^^^^^^^^B §■ ' ■ '"'■^
be offered to you, beginning f^i?^A
Monday, at hW^bP^^Bbwl^m ß^l^^^^lh llPßrasllilllli Brejy^'-^' ''^^-^' 1
i vll i/Ulltll 3« 1 '■■'- *; «
It's a Special Price, IS 11 II
Otherwise We Would Not 11 11 II
Advertise It. I II 11
17/ i? FRISCO BOYS.
to common explanation, has not given
a sign himself during the German Em
peror's trip is held here to be clear
evidence of strained relations existing
between the two courts.
The Emperor and Empress of Ger
many returned home terribly sunburn
ed, but they have been benefited in
health.
During their majesties' trip the or
chestra of the imperial yacht Hohen
zollern performed on several occasions
a symphony composed by the Emperor,
and while at Messina, Sicily, the sym
phony was performed at the opera
house.
The audience did not appreciate its
beauties and gave unmistakable signs
of displeasure.
Emperor William presented Queen
Margaret of Italy with a birthday gift
of four costly oriental rugs from the
Sultan's factory. Incidentally the Sul
tan's presents to the Emperor and Em
press of Germany, which have arrived
here, fill a big freight car, without
counting two beautiful caiques which
the Sultan gave the Emperor on learn
ing of the latter's love for rowing.
Emperor William has sent the Sul
tan a bronze table, in the center of
which is a portrait of the Kaiser fn the
uniform of the Guard dv Corps, and he
has also sent the Sultan two oil paint
ings, painted by himself in Damascus,
representing types of Turkish soldiers.
A sensation is related by a German
named Fisher, who has returned home
after five years served in the French
legion at Salda, province of Osan, Al
geria, and elsewh r.fl in Algeria. Fisher,
it appears, desertt \ three months ago,
succeeded in reaching Morocco and
from there traveled to Hamburg.
He has now informed the military
authorities that a German had been
kept in severe imprisonment in a tower
at Saida ever since the Franco-German
war. According to the Vossische Zei
tung. the German Foreign Office has
taken steps to secure the release of
this soldier, who, apparently in defiance
of all international law, has been a
prisoner for nearly thirty years.
Official statistics show that German
cattle everywhere are suffering from
tuberculosis and other diseases. In the
district of Aix-la-Chapelle, for in
stance, 83 communes show that 749
farms are so infected. At least 40 per
cent of all the German cattle have tu
berculosis, and in some districts the
percentage is as high as 79 per cent.
A young American s«ientist at the
Hygienic Institute here, Dr. Nuttall,
has created a sensation in scientific cir
cles by the publication of a pamphlet
In which he cites strone evidence in
support of the contention that Profes
sor Koch, who is now investigating the
malaria bacilli, has taken credit to him
self for alleged discoveries in various
cattle diseases and in malaria, which
discoveries were really made by Ameri
can scientists years ago.
' Janowski Beats Showalter.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— Janowskl won
the fourth game of the chess match
against Showalter after thirty-eight
moves, at the Manhattan Chess Club to
day. The score stands 3 to 0 in favor of
Janowski, with one game drawn.
MARINES LANDED
AT TIENTSIN
Sent Ashore From the
Boston.
GUARD FOR PEKING LEGATION
TJNCLE SAM KEEPS PACE WITH
EUROPEAN POWERS.
While There Appears to Be No Imme
diate Danger in China, the Inter
ests of the United Statea
Are Closely Watched.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.— The United
Statea navy has landed marines In
China. A dispatch was received at the i
Navy Department to-day statins that I
the captain of the Boston had land- ]
ed his marine guard at Tientsin. The
dispatch was taken immediately to the
White House by Acting Secretary Al- 4
len.
Secretary Hay was called in consul
tation, with the result of reassuring- the
officials and allaying their rirst feeling !
of apprehension. It seems that the ma- |
rines were landed not because of any !
information of rioting or attacks upon <
American missionaries but solely to i
act as guard for the United States Le- j
gation at Peking.
The Boston was dispatched to the j
mouth of the Pieho River several weeks
apo at the instance of United States
Minister Conger to provide a guard
for the legation. The Minister repre
sented that nearly all of the legations
of the European powers were provided
with marine guards and he did not care
to be exceptional in this case. After ly
in- at Tangu for a while, the Boston S
worked her way up the river to Tien- I
tsin, about the head of navigation for j
vessels of her class and distant about
fifty or sixty miles from Peking. It is
believed at the Navy Department
that the marines will be sent forward
from that point in launches or small
river boats. Captain Frank Wilder,
the commander of the Boston, who re
ported the landing to the Navy Depart
ment by cabl-, did not state how many
I i •
men were In the guard, but the force
is not believed to exceed two dozen.
The presence of these foreign guards
is not welcome to the Chinese Govern
ment. When the landing was nrst pro
posed its representative sought to dis
suade the United States Government
from inflicting this humiliation upon
It. The effect was to cause a suspen
sion of the execution of the purpose,
but, as has already been stated, most
of the European legations have pro-
Tided themselves with guards, and th*
Chinese, having become reconciled . to
their presence, no longer object in our
case.
Advices that reach the State Depart
ment do not indicate an immediate out
break in China. But the reactionary
policy of the Empress Dowager has
caused a very uneasy feeling, and may
afford one or more of the European
powers, who have been active in East
ern affairs, a pretext for making a
coup, with results affecting the inter-
ests of the United States.
AGUINALDO REFUSES
TO FREE CLERICALS
Insurgent Leader Addresses a Second
Communication to General
Otis.
MANILA. Nov. 26.— Aguinaldo, the
insurgent leader, has addressed a sec
ond communication to Major General
Otis, the American military com
mander, on the subject of the Spanish
prisoners in the hands of the insur
gents. He has declined to release the
clericals and civilians, arguing that
both carried arms voluntarily against
the insurgents. Aguinaldo then refers
General Otis to the local papers pub
lished since the insurrection for "irre
futable proof" of his assertion that the
clericals were the most active and
vengeful agents in "sacrificing the lives
and honor of innocent natives."
Continuing, Aguinaldo quotes the in
ternational rule of reprisal, claiming
the right to delay the prisoners in the
hope of causing Spain -'to liberate the
Filipinos and to cease torturing and
shooting natives whose only crime has
been the love of liberty."
Ab to his having said, in a former let
ter, that international laws must recede
before the just wishes of the people,
Aguinaldo asserts that he meant that,
under the existing circumstances, rec
ognized laws "must accede to the wishes
of those fighting for the recognition of
the bulk of said laws."
The insurgent leader also maintains
his right to detain the prisoners until
the Vatican recognizes the rights of the
Filipino clericals and civilians or until
they are exchanged.
The United States transports Arizona
and Ohio have arrived here with rein
forcements.
Alleged Abductor Dying.
SANTA CRUZ, Nov. 26.— F. Carnes, sus
pected of complicity In the abduction of
Edna Osborn at Watsonville recently is
so ill at the County Hoßpital that his
recovery is doubtful.
\
34
J. E. FARNUM'S SHAMELESS PLOT TO
PLUNDER THE PEOPLE'S BANK
Tragic Story of a Day in
tr;e Affairs of the
Banks.
Th)c McDooalds Ordered to Give
Up Ooe Hundred Thousar)d
Dollars in Coin.
In its expose of the shameless rob
beries that were committed in the name
of the People's Home Savings Bank
and the Pacific Bank The Call has
mentioned incidentally the name of
John E. Farnum. This man is the
present manager of the now defunct
Pacific Bank, and The Call proposes to
tell what part he took in the ruin of
the institutions in which thousands of
men and women and children had
placed their savings.
Mr. Farnum's connection with the
People's Home Savings Bank dates, as
already indicated in The Call, from a
very early period in the conspiracy. He
was placed in the People's Home Sav
ings Bank by his relative, ML H. Sher
man. He used the funds of the savings
institution to assist his relative, Sher
man, in every scheme that demanded
assistance. He was something more
than Dr. McDonald believed. He was
not only a servant of the McDonalds,
but for several years he was the dicta
tor of their affairs. He stooped to
every dishonorable duty they demand
ed, and then having the dishonest
bankers in his power he commanded
them to do what he pleased. He sent
them money from the People's Home
Savings Bank in a golden stream to
the Pacific Bank in order that his rela
tive, Moses H. Sherman, might receive
it; and when this stream seemed likely
to be stopped even by the McDonalds
he commanded the bankers by delib
erate and absolute threats to give what
money they had left for the worthless
securities of Sherman.
After John E. Farnum was placed in
the People's Home Savings Bank as
manager he became the "stool pigeon"
and outside guard of the conspiracy.
It was his duty to warn the bank
wreckers whenever the Bank Commis
sioners threatened to descend upon
them. It was his privilege to tell them
what the authorities were likely to do.
An soon as the money of thousands of
poor depositors was placed in the
vaults of the People's Home Savings
Bank it was the duty of Farnum to
send it to the Pacific Bank. After both
institutions became insolvent this man
continued in control, and even when
the McDonalds wished to call a halt he
commanded them to continue their
depredations and to permit Moses H.
Sherman to foist his worthless securi
ties upon the savings institution.
This terrible affair in which Farnum
played the leading part did not end
until long after the collapse of the Pa
cific Bank and the People's Home Sav
ings Bank. When Sherman found it
impossible to keep his relative in the
People's Bank he thrust Farnum upon
the Pacific Bank, and there he remains
as the director and manager of what
remains to the deluded and robbed
creditors of the institution.
The events that are incidental to the
placing of John E. Farnum in the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank and after
that in the Pacific Bank are of timely
Interest. Farnum was a member of the
Legislature when the Bank Commis
sioner act of this State was adopted.
As a member of the Legislature Far
num possessed some influence, and
with that influence he succeeded in
having himself made a member of the
Bank Commission. In that capacity
he became acquainted with the affairs
and private doings of the banks of this
State. He became connected with a
bank in Pasadena and familiarized
himself with banking methods. This
was long before Sherman planned his
tremendous raid on the People's Home
Savings Bank and the Pacific Bank.
B. O. Carr, a brother-in-law of Moses
H. Sherman, was the first manager of
the People's Home Savings Bank. Mr.
Carr was an honest man and necessar
ily was useless to Sherman. After
Sherman became a director in the Pa
cific Bank in January, 1891, he succeed
ed in securing for his relative, Farnum,
the position of manager of the People's
Home Savings Bank.
The McDonalds had at that time
plunged into hazardous speculation.
The funds of the Pacific Bank and the
People's Home Savings Bank were be
ing dissipated in crazy schemes and
unwarranted ventures. Sherman had
already involved the McDonalds and
their banks in his Phoenix schemes
and he was prepared to inveigle them
into the great Los Angeles electric road
deal. Farnum was necessary, therefore,
to the success of Sherman's plot and
the man who is now manager of the
Pacific Bank was placed in full con
trol as manager of the People's Home
Savings Bank. He had absolute power
in that position until the final collapse.
When the end came he resigned his
position, under instructions, and re
tired from the bank. Almost instantly,
through the agency of Moses H. Sher
man, Farnum was replaced.
The Call has already exploited the
scheme of the Los Angeles manipula
tor to control the liquidation of the
People's Home Savings Bank. Sher
man had determined to protect his dis
reputable interests in the bank and
Farnum was selected as his agent.
"When Farnum was appointed as re
ceiver, however, those who were inter
ested in the honest closing of the bank
rebelled and Farnum had the unenvia
ble honor of being the receiver of the
bank for two hours. He never obtained
actual possession and was thrown out
to be succeeded by others.
Notwithstanding this tremendous de
feat Sherman was persistent. He still
had the Bank Commission in his power
and with the assistance of Attorney
General Hart and others he placed Far
num in the Pacific Bank as receiver.
A series of legal complications followed
and Farnum and Sherman won out, and
to-day Mr. Farnum is the manager of
the Pacific Bank.
As already indicated in The Call the
association of Mr. Farnum with the
McDonalds began through Moses H.
Sherman. It was through the agency
of Sherman that Farnum was placed in
the bank as a servant and a willing
tool of the McDonalds. Before the as
sociations were closed Farnum became
one of the most uncompromising con
spirators, who forced from the McDon
alds the remaining funds of the banks.
Late in 1892 and early in 1893 the Pa
cific Bank was sorely in need of funds
and was depending solely upon the
People's Home Savings Bank for its
resources. Sherman's schemes had al
ready made the banks insolvent, but
the deluded people of this city were still
pouring their money into the People's
Home Savings Bank. This Institution
was nothing more or less than a sieve
through which the savings of deposi
tors dropped into the vaults of the Pa
cific Bank to be dissipated in their wild
speculations. Farnum knew the situa
i tion thoroughly and knew what was
i expected of him. He knew that as soon
as money came into the People's Home
Savings Bank it was to be sent to the
Pacific Bank and he carried out bis
contract to the letter.
One of his first important letters in
reference to this proposition was writ
ten early in 1893 and is as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, January 7, 1893.
Mr. R. H. McDonald Jr., vice-presi
dent Pacific Bank, San Francisco,
Cal.— Dear Sir: I send per our mes
senger thiß morning twenty thousand
($20,000) dollars in coin.
We have on hand a little more than
we think we will need in payment of
recent dividends. Besides, loans are
not being applied for to any great ex
tent, and we cannot afford to keep
the cash on hand without getting any
interest thereon.
A year ago our board of directors
decided to have the rate of interest
changed which your bank allowed us
from six per cent to four and a half
per cent, with the expectation that the
money would be available for loans
and investments within six months
thereafter.
While we have gradually drawn
down our balance, still it is of such a
sum as not to be of moment to us; and
if your bank can now allow us from the
first of January five per cent on our
daily balances I know it would be
greatly appreciated by our directors.
Please let me know if that meets
with your favor, and I will be glad to
bring th« matter up before our board
at their next meeting. Tours truly,
J. E. FARXUM, Secretary.
The foregoing letter, which was writ
ten by Farnum in January, 1893, was. in
a measure somewhat formal. A month
and a week afterward Mr. Farnum
wrote another letter In which he
showed clearly how the People's Home
Savings Bank was being bled to sus
tain the dying energies of the Pacific
Bank. The Call promised to prove that
the People's Home Savings Bank was
simply a feeder for the Pacific Bank,
and in the following letter of John E.
Farnum that promise is kept:
SAN FRANCISCO, Feb. 15, 1593.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Pacific Bank-
Dear Sir: Yours at hand, and in reply
permit me to say that the R. Coal
Company paid only a portion of their
loan yesterday, but I expect to col
lect In all of it this week if possible.
I send you $10,000 coin this a. m., and
will continue to send our surplus
money for our credit with you. Your
apprehension as per your letter may
be well founded, but I do not look for
anything of that nature, although it
is well enough to be prepared.
I do not know what your Ideas are,
but I presume there Is to be a limit
to the amount that you expect to re
ceive from us and a time beyond which
the special deposits are expected to
cease. Please let me know about that
and oblige, yours truly.
J. E. FARNUM.
Two months later affairs in the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank and the Pa
cific Bank were becoming critical. The
enormous debt of the Pacific Bank was
rapidly approaching $1,000,000, and,
notwithstanding the compliance of the
Bank Commissioners, It was imperative
something should be done. Farnum
and Frank McDonald understood thor
oughly that it was impossible to con
tinue the depredations upon the People's
Bank any longer, and a series of tele
grams passed between the conspirators.
These telegrams show how clearly the
bank wreckers understood that they
would have to settle their accounts in
,the People's Bank. This, however, was
impossible, and affairs had drifted to
such a stage that Farnum himself took
the reins and forced upon the dishonest
bankers the concluding outrages of
Sherman. He not only insisted that
Sherman should be tolerated in his dis
honest manipulations, but he planned
to foist upon the banks several more of
Sherman's worthless loans. The chief
of these loans was in reference to the
Electric ItaJlroad of Phoenix, Ariz.
This road, as The Call has already
shown, was built at an expense not ex
ceeding $35,000. With this investment
Sherman floated a bond issue of $66,
000. These bonds the Los Angeles and
Phoenix manipulator foisted upon the
Pacific Bank and the People's Home
Savings Bank. These two Institutions
as far as money was concerned were
one. Sherman had Frank McDonald
absolutely under his control, and he
had had his relative, John E. Farnum,
in the People's Bank. The McDonalds
had already given $66,000 for the bonds
of the Phoenix Railroad, which was
I subsequently known as the Valley
j Street Electric Railroad. Sherman's
agents, who happened to be dishonest
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL., SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
employes of McDonald, appraised the
road far above its actual value, but
the McDonalds had accepted the bonds
and they were forced to abide by their
acceptance. With a greed which seems
almost inconceivable, Moses H. Sher
man determined to bleed the McDon
alds on this very proposition for JIOO,
000 more. He was not satisfied in hav
ing floated a grossly excessive issue
of bonds, but decided to add $100,000
more to the issue.
At that time the Pacific Bank and the
People's Home Savings Bank were in
dire distress. Both institutions were
nearing collapse. The Riverside bank
ers were increasing their, tremendous
overdrafts and the McDonilds were ap
pealing hopelessly for money- The men
whom they had placed in the banks as
servants had become dictators. Those
who had been suppliants were now at
the throats of the dishonest financiers.
Sherman and his relative, John E. Far-
num, saw their tremendous advantage
and they forced the McDonalds to ac
cept on pain of disaster the new issue
of $100,000 of worthless bonds. The
correspondence in reference to this
transaction is of exceptional Interest.
PEOPLE'S BANK A "FENCE" FOR THE PACIFIC.
When John E. Farnum was manager of the People's Home Savings Bank it was his policy to send by messenger the
money that he received from depositors down to th© Pacific Bank, where the funds were dissipated in the wild
schemes of M. H. Sherman and the other conspirators. Time after time demands were made on Farnum for more money.
He replied that he gave the money received from his depositors to the Pacific Bank as quickly as It came in and he
could not be expected to do any more. His letter acknowledging this fact is given above in fac-slmile.
The McDonalds understood thoroughly
their desperate condition. They knew
that at any moment the Bank Commis
sioners might descend upon them and
close the banks. Dick McDonald was
In this city bearing the full force of the
attack. His father and brother were
In New York dome their utmost to
realize something upon worthless se
curities. Farnum and Sherman were
in San Francisco bleeding the last drop
from the banks. Diclc McDonald did
not dare protest. Every s-ct that he
dared perform was dictated by Sher
man and Farnum. The telegrams that
he sent to New York to his brother
were forced from him by these two con
spirators. They would not even let
him out of their sight and went with
him to the telegraph office In order that
they might assure themselves that he
did what they commanded him to do.
They were forcing from him $100,000 In
gold for the utterly worthless bonds of
the Phoenix electric railroad.
In all the secret history of the Paci
fic Bank there Is no more dramatic
spectacle than this.
Dick McDonald, by his own confes
sion, was dishonest. He and his broth
er had placed themselves in the power
of unscrupulous men and In the last
incidents of this financial tragedy Dick
McDonald was forced to sit at his desk
with John E. Farnum and Moses H.
Bherman dictating the telegrams that
were designed to take from the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank the savings
of poor depositors. Dick McDonald did
not dare rebel.
The correspondence which is In the
possession of The Call shows that he
obeyed the commands of Farnum and
Sherman and sent the telegrams as
they were dictated. He was caged like
a rat in the office of his bank, and with
these men leaning above him he penned
his dispatches. The conspirators then
permitted him to go, and then Dick Mc-
Donald sought the next nearest tele
graph station \{> send another telegram,
countermanding what he had already
sent,' and telling his brother that his
first message had been dictated by the
two conspirators, Moses H. Sherman
and John E. Farnum.
The epistolary and telegraphic corre
spondence which proves these asser
tions Is of exceptional interest. This
tremendous struggle between the caged
banker and the conspirators who held
him by the throat began in May, 1893.
One of the first telegrams sent indi
cates McDonald's position and his tre
mendous effort to defeat the designs of
Farnum and Sherman. The dispatch
wad sent by Dick McDonald to his
brother, Frank. The first part of the
message has reference to the John
Brown Colony, and is not of primary
importance. The concluding part shows
how Dick McDonald attempted to de
feat the men who had literally become
highwaymen. They were simply stand
ing the McDonalds up as any robber
would on the road. The message is as
follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., May 11.
Mr. Frank V. McDonald, care Mr.
F. S. Edminster, 44 Broad street, room
6, N. V. : John wires "Bonds sold
eighty-five; matter handed to Frank to
arrange preliminaries." Be careful;
reason for suspicion; no sale made but
plan to recover commissions; investi
gate carefully immediately whether
bona fide sale made wltmn time on
terms named. Send me your general
power of attorney to sell and mort
gage realty \for Fruitvale. Hughes
write will sue Pacific unless Hill
pays. Hurry father's attorney. Wire
Farnum immediately that "you re
serve right to reject any arrange
ments he or your brother may make
with Sherman on Phoenix Railway
loan." Wire him as secretary.
RICHARD.
The correspondence in reference to
the tremendous theft planned by Sher
man and Farnum In reference to the
Phoenix Electric Railroad came thick
and fast At the dictation of these two
conspirators Dick McDonald wrote a
telegram that was forced from him
as it might have been at the point of a
pistol. This telegram was as follows:
Bank Commissioners have seen Far
num nnd say that we owe People's,
including stock, over seven hundred
thousand Rnd cannot allow us draw
out more until we make account good.
They Investigated Phoenix railway,
approving provided Sherman guaran
teed, also leave land additional se
curity. They pronounce Sherman
financially strong. His guarantee ac
ceptable. Will also allow People's take
Electric bonds. Also other assets of
OUTS sufficient pay everything. Per
mitting us draw one hundred fifty be
fore 21st. Sherman guarantees issue
not to exceed one sixty-five bonds
covering City lighting plant. Guaran
tees principal and interest. Telegraph
consent.
This telegram R. H. McDonald was
forced to send. He sent It under the
conditions The Call has already indi
cated. The conspirators and bank
wreckers, one of whom is now manager
of the defunct Pacific Bank, stood at
his very shoulder. Frank McDonald
did not understand at that moment the
dreadful situation of h!s brother. He
sent, therefore, the following sensa
tional telegram:
NEW YORK, May 12, 1893.
R. H. McDonald Jr., Pacific Bank,
San Francisco, Cal. : Sherman propo
sition monstrous fraud and imposition.
Property, including proposed realty,
not worth half the amount asked. His
personal guarantee of little value-
Bonds in no case worth over ninety
cents. I better take to-morrow night's
train back for California; then we can
together defeat this Imposition. /
FRANK.
Later in the day, within thirty min
utes after the foregoing telegram was
sent from New York, Frank McDonald
made an appeal in a telegram to John
E. Farnum. Frank McDonald was
confessedly a thief, but he could not
complacently see one hundred thousand
dollars more go out of the bank to
Moses H. Sherman. Frank's telegram
to Farnum was as follows:
NEW YORK, May 12, 1893.
J. E. Farnum, Manager People's
Home Savings Bank, San Francisco:
Sherman far overestimates his rail
way and realty. We cannot accept
and guarantee another hundred such
bonds. His failure to submit proposi
tion to me shows bad faith. We pre
fer to offer you other security. I ex
pect to leave hers to-morrow night
for San Francisco. Please show this
to Mr. Waterhouse and my brother.
f. v. McDonald.
The reference in this telegram to Co
lumbus Waterhouse is significant. The
cc-nspirators were so insistent that they
left no stone unturned to force the Mc-
Donalds to give up this coveted $100,
000. Columbus Waterhouse, who was
then president of the People's Home
Savings Bank, was pressed into the
service, and on the very same day tele
graphed, urging Frank McDonald to
accept the proposition of Sherman and
Farnum and at the same time inserting
the covert threat that the Bank Com
missioners were supporting the con
spirators. Waterhouse's telegram was
as follows:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12, 1893.
F. V. McDonald, care of Edminster
& Co., 44 Broad street. New York: This
first time commissioners have made
positive proposition. "We better ac
cept it. Cannot deposit with Pacific
specially unless you wire approval to
Farnum. C. WATERHOUSE.
Even this telegram was not enough
for the conspirators in their efforts to
secure for Moses H. Sherman $100,000
mo out of the People's Home Say-
ings Bank. Dick McDonald had been
compelled to send his telegrams at the
dictation of Sherman and Farnum.
Waterhouse had sent an imperative
message and then Farnum himself on
the very same day wired a dispatch as
follows:
BAN FRANCISCO, Cal.. May 12th.
F. V. McDonald, 44 Broad street:
You must give consent to take Phoe
nix Railway bonds. It is absolutely
necessary and with guarantees jt
meets with approval of B. (Jomsrs.
and our board. Answer.
J. S. FARNUM.
Dick McDonald, as already indicated,
was like a caged animal in the office
of his bank. He sent to his brother
the telegram urging him to accept the
monstrous proposition that had been
made by Sherman and his relative Far
num. Having sent this telegram and
hav'ng escaped from the espionage of
the two conspirators McDonald went
to his home at 813 Sutter strest. At
the corner of Sutter and Leavenworth
streets he sent a telegram showing
clearly under what stress he had sent
his first message. In his second dis
patch he spoke very plainly to his
brother. He declared that his message
and all the others that had been sent
on that day, May 12, were dictate! by
M. H. Sherman and John E. Farnum.
In the telegram that will follow S. re
fers to Sherman and F. to Farnum.
Dick McDonald's telegram is as fol
lows:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 12, 1893.
Mr. Frank V. McDonald, care of Mr.
F. S. PJdminster, 44 Broad street, room
8, New York: Telegram sent dictated
by S.. and F. Wire simply consent.
Nothing else. Otherwise got no money.
Advise temporarily submit. Late can
upset loan illegal. I write.
RICHARD.
After this exciting day in the history
of the bank the conspirators rested.
Their outrageous deal had not yet been
consummated and Frank V. McDonald
made one more appeal to save the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank from a loss
of $100,000. There was absolutely no
question of the fact that Sherman and
Farnum were deliberately robbing the
bank, but Frank McDonald made one
for appeal for honesty in the following
telegram:
NEW YORK, May 13, 1893.
J. E. Farnum, manager People's
Home Savings Bank, San Francisco:
Father and self protest against the un
just Phoenix Railway bond measure.
Please await my arrival before con
summation. Show Richard this and
telegraph answer immediately.
f. v. McDonald.
The conspirators did not wait for the
arrival of Frank V. McDonald. The
deal was consummated and the People's
Home Savings Bank gave to Moses H.
Sherman $100-,000 for 100 worthless bonds
of the Phoenix Electric Railroad. He
placed upon these bonds, however, his
personal guarantee that he would be
responsible personally for the payment
of the money if the railroad would not.
The bank now had 166 of these bonds
with Sherman's guarantee upon them.
This was the condition of affairs when
the bank failed, and this condition ex
plains why it was that Sherman was
so anxious to wind up the affairs of the
bank after it failed. He wished after
that failure to have some one in charge
who would return to him his guaran
tees and release him from the tremend
ous debt by manipulating the appoint
ment of a receiver and bribing James
Alva Watt.
In passing it is not uninteresting to
reproduce another letter of John E.
Farnum to show beyond the possibility
of doubt how the money of the Peo
ple's Home Savings Bank passed into
THE ABANDONED DEAD BABY
-Mrs. W. B. Jiaywipd Emphatically Denies
That the Infant Was Heps.
THE maternity of the child sent to the Garbage Crematory on last
Monday by W. B. Hayward in the dump wagon driven by Antonio
Brignolf and Guiseppi Rosso has so far not been established. Hay
ward. in his statement to the police authorities, stated that the child
was that of Mrs. Hayward.
This statement is vehemently denied by Mrs. Louise D. Hayward, the
wife of the man who gave the child to the scavengers. Mrs. Hayward
says that she separated from her hhusband, W. B. Hayward, over a year
ago in consequence of bis relations to another woman, whom she found
in her rooms on her return from a visit to her relatives. Since she left her
husband Mrs. Hayward .has supported herself by dressmaking. As to who
was the mother of the tttid she has nothing to say.
In the Police Court ™sterday the scavengers Brignoli and Rosso were
charged with violating section 297 of the Penal Code, which provides that
any one attempting to bury a body outsidfe of the regular places of inter
ment is guilty of a misdemeanor. They were subsequently released on {500
bonds each.
Denounce a Yellow Journal.
At a meeting of the property owners in
Ocean View last night encouraging re
ports were received from various mem
bers of a progressive spirit. A general
desire was expressed to have the neigh
borhood aroused from its lethargy into
activity in improving the streets, obtain
ing additional lights and a better water
supply.
A movement is on foot to build a hall
on the co-operative plan, in which all
meetings tending to advance the progress
of Ocean View may hereafter be held.
The following preamble and resolutions
were adopted:
Whereas, There having appeared several ar
ticles in the San Franolyo Examiner during
the past week, statins that the temporary
primary school situated on Saiiowa street
Jiiat east of Plymouth was located over a barn,
rausttiK much sickness among the children,
and that the building was unsafe, Raid articles
being of great detriment to this section; there
fore be It
Resolved. That we, the Ocean View Property
Ringing
In the Ears,
Noises in the Head, Prematureness,
Failing or Lost Manhood, Cured by
the Celebrated Remedy Treatment,
HUDYAN ! HUDYAN !
WRITE FOR CIRCULARS, FREE.
/nrmnnnnrTYTQ Read these symptoms and pnnnnmnsTnrj
i» 3 if you have many of them £ Hudson c
i Hudyan a you need the certain cure, JS Remedy I
ji Remedy 3 the Great Hudyan Remedy £ Treatment 3
£ Treatment 3 Treatment. This remark- £Is Certain 3
g Sometimes * able discovery has made the \% to Cure g
£ Cures in 3 name and the fortunes of S Varicocele. £\
E 30 Days, a the Hudsonian doctors of g Write for o
£ ; . 2 the Hudson Medical lusti- £ Circulars. 3
Zslslslslslsulsulsll tute. tfI.SJL2JUL2.JZ.iIA3
it 1\ t»«»A This affliction ;I r •«• '„ Ht~+.U . .A ' Whe " J , yo^ T
Nervous Debility. tiotl ' organlc I Failing Manhood. giliS to go you
strength, energy and hope. Following are will twitch and show • signs of premature
some of the symptoms >■ weakness. Following are some of the
Do you feel weak? ! symptoms: _
Have you cold feet? . > ; Do your facial nerves twitch?
Have you backache? Are you all run down? % -
Do you shun society? ,'■ . Spots before your eyes? • >
Are you losing flesh? Do the muscles twitch?
; Do you sleep poorly? Have you pains In small of back?
Are you low-spirited? Have you pains) on each side of back-
Are your eyes sunken? /' bone? .• ■
Do you have hot flashes? Have you pains in head?
Ib your memory Impaired? Have you shooting pains? .
Have you no manly vigor? ■•. " D" you feel fatigued?.-
Have you no vital energy? * Are you weary?
Do you have sick headache? Does jour head swim?
Is there nausea after eating? Do your knees knock? v ;
Do your hands or feet sweat? Does your hand tremble.
Is there a lack of sexual desire?- Is there a -ropy sediment in the water?
Has the brightness left your eyes? • Do you suffer from night losses?
Do you feel that you are unfit to marry? '
If you are in T this condition you should learn all
about • the Great Hudyan Remedy Treatment. It is
sure to cure. It cures as certainly as you use it. No
one else can give you Hudyan but the doctors of Hud-
son Medical Institute. : . I -
CIRCULARS AND TESTIMONIALS FREE.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
• '■ r • Corner Market and Stockton Streets, San Francisco, Cal.
the vaults of the Pacific. The letter i 3
absolutely necessary to have a definite
understanding about our future fours*
in the management of this n V-i^hea
we cannot do it before it is paid.
Yours, truly. FARNUM Secretary .
The man who wrote that letter is the
same man who helped Moses H. Sher
man rob the People's Bank under the
thin guise of technicality. He is now
manager of the Pacific Bank.
The Call will show to-morrow morn
ing how Moses H. Sherman effected
another gigantic manipulation of the
funds of the Pacific Bank and with,
the willing assistance of John E. Far
num secured for himself $50,000.
owners' Association representing the property
owners of Ocean View and Ingleside, do hereby
. assert that we know that the aforesaid school
Is In a good sanitary condition, having been
Inspected by the Board of Health, as the fol
lowing will show:
To the Principal of the Sheridan j School,
Ocean View, City— Dear Madam:- In regard to
a complaint sent to this of lice, referring to. the
unsanitary condition of the rooms used for
school purposes, and situated on Sadowa street,
I beg loave to Inform you that our Inspector,
after a thorough examination of said premises,
reports "no cause." Yours truly,
A. P. O'BRIEN, Health Officer.
And be It further.
Resolved, That we brand any such assertions
as false and malicious lies, calculated to injure
Ocean View and surrounding property.
■ m ■
Advances, made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
.-'. -. ,-.—!— ■■■'* » '- : . ..' '."-,«-:-"- ■";■
"Walt a "While, a railroad station .in
New South Wales, has just won a fig)
to retain its name, which the railroad
company wished to change.IRISHMEN SAY
OUR VICTORIES
CAUSE RESPECT
Naval Prowess Im
presses England.
!
VIEW OF THE NATIONALISTS;:
JOHN DILLON AND FOLLOWERS
HOLD A CONVENTION.
Clancy Tells of the Manner in Which
the Irish National Flag Was
Changed to Green a
Century Ago.
BY J. J. CLANCY, M. P.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
DUBLIN. Nov. 12.— Lord Salisbury's ref
'intrusion" of the 1 nited
Btates Into the Eastern world— thereby
mean ng I sed Intentions of the
; i Government in regard to the Fhii- ,
ippfni een extensively commented j
on in Ireland. It is hardly needful to
Btate the view entertained In reference to
it by the majority vi Irish Nationalists.
They a.l least c6nsider it extremely nn
pudent and indicative of the true inward
ness of British policy-England, appar
ently, thinking that no other power but
herself ought to have any interest? in the
to acquire any rights or
possessions in that region. But it is r<»i;
ed satisfactory that, for whatever
. England is not inclined to dispute I
tion of America, and it is cons
- ■ [rish heart to think that the reason
is that there is such a fleet as that ot Ad
miral Sampson and Admiral Dewey, ana
that the destruction of the Spanish fleet in
the recent war shows unmistakably mat
all the efficiency in naval warfare Is not
on the Bide of England. The naval vic
at Manila and Santiago did a great
roy the naval power
1. 1 Spain. They taught in England a fe
tor the naval power of America
which had not been felt before, lhe re
sult is Lord Salisbury's acquiescence in
any course which America may resolve
to pursue In regard to the Philippines, and
the further result is that America need
fear, as long as she maintains her!
: -its present state of efficiency, any
thing from or on the part of England. In ;
:tion with this matttr. a say:
ssor Goldwln Smith— an Englishman,
• Toronto — in relation to the U
war between France and England,!
may be apropriately recalled. •"Even," he
Id, "in the sad event of war between
i England. [ have no apprehen
sion that foreign forces could be landed in
t.ut I should fear that Ireland
. !>.- the scene of at least an attempt
ision and, what Is the worst part of
it, l am disposed to think the invader
would tit- welcomed bj a section of the
Irish people." Of this fact there can be
no doulit whatever. Even in such places
as the Dublin theaters, the audiences in
which are usually more representative of
the pro-British minority than of the ma
jority in Ireland or in Dublin, when it was
attt mpted during the past week to get up ■
a demonstration In favor of the Sirdar,
g for I.'ml Kitchener of Khar
■.■...- absolutelj drowned in hisses.
John Dillon. M. "P.. and his followers ,
held a convention a few days ago in this .
city to 'ny down a policy for his party ;
on th< to be observed toward the
minority in the coming local government :
" . tion was decidedly
a sn; ■ • was attended only by
-two members of Parliament out \
nly six or eight out- i
Neither Mr. Healy him
r any of his followers attend*
even sent an apology for non-attendance.
Strangest < ireumstance of all, not a
atholic clergyman put in an appear-;
ance. I do ru>t rru-an to suggest thai the
n of the Catholic Bishops and
which has hitherto sui'i
Mr. Dillon and his followers h;ts deserted
them; 1 only mention a favt, whatever be
splanation. The principal busi
done was to make a declaration in favor
of making the coming County Councils j
strongholds of Irish Nationalism: but on
[uestion whether the anti-National
minority should be allowed representation
Jn the new local bodies the derision ar
rived at was not of a very iK-tinite char
one hand. Mr. Dillon an
• d that he had had no intention of
advising hia followers to keep out of the
new councils all competent men belong
ing to th» minority; on the other, a rath
er h< Ing was expressed toward
the grand jury class in general. It is j
right to add that William O'Brien, in a
letter to the convention, repudiated the
construction put upon a former declara
tion of his on this subject that he would, |
■if he had his way, wreck tht- new system
• If-government with a vi- -,s i :
making home rule inevitable. But. on the
whole, it Is, I repeat, difficult to summa
rize In one sentence the policy of Mr. Dil
lon and his followers beyond saying that
they have determined to make the n< w.
councils consist wherever they can effect
that object of Nationlist majorities, and
in this respect they are at one with Mr.
Redmond and his party. The result of
course outside Ulster will be that the
new bodies will be either wholly or main
ly Nationalist. In Dublin. I may add, the'
electoral battle has commenced already,
end here the test question will be wh.-th.-r
there is to be a Unionist or a Nationalist
Mayor for next year. How that
question will be answered is n matt
■which little doubt can be entertained.
The majority of the Nationalists of Dub
tin—that is, "of the population of Dublin— |
are Parnellites, and they would gladly
favor the introduction into the corpora
tion of the city of a fair representation
of the anti-Nationalist majority, provided !
the intention of electing a Tory Lord:
Mayor were openly abandoned; but. as
long as that prospect is not abandoned.
the consequence must be that all over the j
t tv only Nationalists will be elected
An interesting discussion on the subject
of the Irish national color has this week
taken place in the Irish National journals,
and the result will no doubt be surprising
to most Irish Nationalists abroad. It
seems that it is only about a century ago
since green became the Irish nationa i
color and that the ancient Irish national
color was blue. How green came to be
adopted instead of blue is explained by
v' r,oorge D. Burtchall. secretary of the
RoYal Dublin Society of Antiquaries. It
Koc-Vns that It was the result of an attempt
to E a Volor which would unite both ;
■VVilliamites and Jacobites in the last cen
tury and as a matter of fact, green is a j
blend of orange and blue. This theory is
borne out by an incident which took place
on the 4th of this very month of Novem
ber 1792. when the Volunteers, desirous of
no longer outraging the feelings of their .
Catholic countrymen, discontinued thean- :
mnl nrocession around King Williams
Statue College Green. Dublin, and ap
peared with green cockades instead of the,
ribbons they had previously worn
Mr Burtchall. I may add. has also had
something interesting to say n bout the
ham without the crown." In the sixteenth
century the "Irish arms" consisted of a
eolden harp on a blue ground, without the
crown The English royal standard is also ;
the harp without the crown, and it is a •
fact— although it may appear a strange
one— that the uncrowned harp as an em
blem of Ireland is to be found all over the
House of Commons. How, then, did It ;
]'|,,;,n that the crown came to be placed
over the harp In Ireland? The. most rear'
Bonable conclusion seems to be that the |
Repealers fifty years aeo adopted the j
crown In addition to the harp for the pur- I
SosTof showing their loyalty to the Brit- ;
Fsh connection. The controversy, of |
course has not much of a practical as
neci but the very fact that such a contro
versy has arisen among persons who
file' not Nationalists is a significant sign
°Vhe c /-" es't Irish beauty is Miss Corn
wallls Vv'est. the sister of the already fam
ous Princess Henry of Pless. about whose
exploits the renders of The Call have al
rea.lv been furnished ample information.
This" young lady is said not to belong
either to the learned or the "new" school
of wom.n. I don't know much about her
myself, but I hear she belongs to the old
fashioned type of pretty society girls. It
remains to be seen whether She, too, will i
«ot capture a Prince- *
: ~ • — — 5 ~. m __ w llftl)TTTW "■;■" . rr-rr-p EMPORTTTM I 'THE EMPORIUM. I THE EMPORIUM.
EMPORIUM Til THE EMPORIUM. TI THE EMPORIUM. j ™LJZ*Z££L~~L~~J2I JSSS2S2L, ! SaLJK^!S ~~
' '"•' /#JT Wl£*£m HOLD RECEPTIONS/, tig ohinese and Japanese bazaar ;
| M^ST %Z.TX.f gil x d^^ P&ILY FROM 3a.m.to 6p.n^Ml £ESFS.E'}i{SSS I
want may bi> sold and no chance to send for another or you i^W; 1 i, t / U /V 1 V //^ u Cts which cost so much in the East and so little here will be ,
before Christmas. Express companies are taxea to weir I&^a^LLup' V%J vJU i ---- i&T^^^Zr^jtf very acceptable. Cloisonne and Satsuma Ware {old or new), f,
utmost capacity at this season, and the goods will not arrive in TnTTTf I^™" — "^^mfrf^^^TL'^'^Jt: ~<Bl ~ — IZ^ s?-^ — > ivories. Ebonies, Rich Silken Tea Gowns and Jackets, Lac- ~,;>
I time it you nail too long. Order now. W&*a&2§& ■ ' BMfiSff"^^M^F <=ss^? quered Ware, Oriental Bronzes, etc., etc., are among the Mow- ?''
THr&Trn TenUTr? for the best reserved seats in <^^ S^^7l9^mr7^^m^^ m ymr~^^^K ji^P ' sands of suitable .gifts in this most beautiful bazaar in California.
i me cny wearers on saie in vui new ticket office in rotunda ==^^^^W^^)^^F^ :^ (^^^^^ family flour- -better cannot be produced —thou- *nii^b_rm ;
me cny ineniers on saie in our nvr, -^c * F* /f /» > * _^. _!J" _ __^~as^^ fam/// f/owr — 6e«er cannot be produced —thou- (fjsff%_ m.r n.
without extra charge, as an accommodation to our customers. —^^ -y^^^^-., — -. iT — " san ds of sacks sold and no complaints— to intro-.£J{JG '
REVENUE STAMPS, all denominations, also on sale * — '^S- «— /V s f/// more extensively, quarter bbl. sacks.
I in the theaier ticket office in rotunda. . ♦ FtttG Gi&tMnU
Holiday Handkerchiefs. SeieCtlOßSS Fs*OSfs tfa& HoHdaV StOCkSm For Men and Boys.
Ladies', all-linen «»■«**■«■ v _ _ . orrac Keep an eye on our clothing styles and
# initial hemstitched | o^ t^ e Q^ristmas stocks are ready, with greater assortme.its and more enticing pnce-aavaniages you'll know what finds most favor in the
dozen boxes, 90c than ever before. .. f Our principal talk to-day will be Over-
box-each... t - Hisnlav of the enormous stocks of bright new holiday goods is alone worth coming miles to see, to say nothing of coatg . * There are none better for the
-iW.hler the Fairytale Sau^oil circus, doll theater, Sa|a Claus, wto/uS box of candy for every child accompanied by parents or p^andnoja^pnc^ for good Over-
grass bleached guardians, and numerous other attractions. . '■" A Special 50 all- £7T\
linen, hand - em- 6 _ ho liday shopping now not only enjoy the first pick and the assurance of finding what they are looking for but they also escape at $7m45m wool J^L,
broidered, initialed fc discom^t ° c "7/£ an Jvstematically conducted store like this cannot be avoided during the two weeks preceding Christims. The store force Kersey Overcoats, blue T^il
?? a doz ce e mr nb c has been increased by Hundreds. We are ready. Are you? only, in men's sizes \^±
i,- dozen Doxe», ,/ .- ; \-i.v . ■ L-'-xf- '--■'-■'■ „ n ( i**Sm*4**^ n**ll** ' rom 33 to 44,- well &TX.
$1.50 box— 25 r Holiday Stationery. I Watches and Jewelry. I Leather Goods. uoinzea uous. made and lined, gar- 7?^ A
-■ •■■■• -each / -^ , B ,0^ F Nickel Ladies' Combination Card- Bisque head, curly mohair wig, fixed ments that will stand ///// ) \
; 100 choice styles holiday seal op em- Kurds 1-quire Box, with inve- 25c j™^^^ $£§>: O^^ Cases and Pocket- ? eyes- . . comparison with any ■( { \
*■ broidered laca edge Handkerchiefs on lopes b tints \Ws and Boys' Hunting Silver Case £p^^f Books, in grain leather C 14 inches long 23c garment at $10 offered %h )
I sheer cloth, exceptional value $1.75 .- Kurds Titian shape, 6 tints 5Qc MUntmg fc- 1 Combination Books, like 13 inches long .......50c Jbewhere-wfllbe sold, 'f \ / /
. dozen-each *.^ "'^A^z'anlr^'K^r&ni'w Men's and Boys'" Open Face, American &/ picture, im it at ion seal, Better quality of papier mache body, commencing to-morrow Jf.^h"
k "Z; , • v. , qmre lap 75C movem-nt $4 >- ■ leather lined, with cr , fine bisque head, curly ringlet mohair wig morning for ftT A - hKSV |i
Ehiropean Novelties— Vienna Glovrand gatin lined box, 200 I Dust Proof Case, Wai- <?£i^**^ me seal, morocco or alligator, 2 3 in! 10ng.... 52.25 X*-*|BL ff%l't T—^T
European Novelties— Vienna Glove and Hurd's 4-quire satin lined box, 200 /^t^v Dust Proof Case, Wai- "*2^^** I*'1 *' me seal, morocco or alligator, 23 in. 10ng... .$2.25 ?/«?ffl% fon T*4t
J Hand-painted Glove and Handkerchief D : aries for 1899, 15c to _ o WfcT < J tare, pendent set, $8.45. Children's Combination Purses, _ JSjSJperbSj #V) TS^^L I \
k Boxes, covered in silk, handsomely _- r $3.50 «5* r^Ujl Silver Hunting Case, I grain leather, assorted colors P limbs— beauti- >£i!L£tf<P\ T>i -w. f?vlrtJ Sr P
lined, $1.25 set-each 75C Waterman's Fountain Pens, S4 o0 ! \^^W Waltham or Elgin move- Assorted Leathers, handsome.y Q "l Saq«e S. jW^^ leys etc^ are^ in the" I U
SHSfSI^MI * a"do o fat^ r al „&M„ &M -S"^ « * trtaed S hirt B - [/ |'A $15-o 0 r pric. ftr Ih. coding $ ■
t hand Jomelnrin.med with liberty silk frill- Pocket Knives, 2, 3 and 4 blades, in j Ladies » Mg=. op«i face biher, Chat elaine B=gs, grain „ Kfe inch.s. 55.25 JIH f^> T S^L a L» Tn
t ing . black, cream and o.lar,- $ g« pear, or bone handles, $ Case, Silver, leather, pretty shape, we!, made 50c gUJfi^f O w w'' j£ It
► effect trimmed m vehet or $30Q Rwsel l Kn'ves set of 6 Han .00 Ladies' and Misses' MusicßollS. mohair wig on net in wavy curls, Bleeping // Nf A boys sto 12 years. The
► rw.l #fc*.«" »«*»«"" "wVrir O^trirh Russell's Ivory Bone Han- -- i Sterling Silver Hunting (W Grain Leather, well finished 3«c eyes, silk shoe and leather party slippers— /,?A y i arge collars prettily
y Feather Boas- Black 0£ eh die Sle Kn^e7set of 6 Han $3.75 , Case Go d Inlaid Watch JgL - Colored Grain Lather, well finished... 7sc /8/ 8 inches 10ng.51.75 23 inches 10ng.53.00 ViLJ. ' braided with black silk
y Feathers, made extra full, selected feath- dl e lable Kmve, set ot b..... - picture, pendent >^^^. Plain Calf and Heavy Grain Leather- $l-00 20 inches long^.OO 25 inches 10ng.|4.50 *"^+- braid, shield embroid-
rr r K;nh^ $ Sllo..soandsB 50. lin^St^f S" $7.50 | set, P altham or Elgin MB^k Other styles from $25 to $6.00 22 inches 10n,. 5 2,0 27 inches lO ng.*,oo ./ . dhand mcl
I SSch-Sl5, $12.50 and $10.50. Stag Handle Carvers, 9-inch - nn : movement, $ 9.8 ffl«J gj| Hair Brushes. . Doll FumisMngS. ,/A . blouses extra long, a -
JlB Inch C.ll^ettes-SG.Is and $3.75. blade, good steel per pair- ...... $t-00 J^^-J^J^ W^WM An elegant assortment of Hair Brushes. Parasolg , 25c to $1 . ,0;, 0 ; ians, 5,, //W V X^ordTwl saw
Peacock Feather Boas-Something new, . Rosewood Hand c Carver, 9- $1-50 1 Movement $9.85 f Dmne ebon >' backs ' <tt ?5 to $5 25c, 50c; Nursing Bottles, sc, 10c Vffjii i this same suit style^
I very stvliah, durable and not expensive— inch blade. Russell's, per set. .. Oi.JVJ ,to »2o ao\emeni, *v o x^^^" f rom //^ MWs /0/ 0 tO q>3 §^; 2 » f 25cand I// \L tnis same suit, sryie
4"U $4'each; 36-inch, $3 eich ; 18- Stag Handle Capers 9-inch $ Q Hjn , M t0 , Wcfu SSS.SfllJSft^ S«S if \L Ne^York's^bL" TtUs
► inch, $1.50 each "'(-rite ibnS C.^s° DumoLl orFYat Links, 25c to $3 Perfumery. Combs, 7c and 10c; Back Combs, 10c «> SjSo-^Jv^.
t Undnrmusiins inc?blad?Sr^r2t $4.50 Link Buttons (solid gold;, Dumbbells or -^__ Handsome Holi- and 15c; Hair Brushes,_lsc; Powder V ourpriceonlySS-OO
X UnuermUSSins. inch Dlaae, KUosens, per set... Flat L'nks $2.50 to $7.50. j&J^k"** Viay Boxes, con-. Boxes, 15c; Hand Mirrors, 5c and 2oc; p , Rppfprs _ « 6 value 3 $4 45.
I SecondFloor - n tadfe 3 ' Va Empire Scarf Pin" plated, flower or stone set, y^^^Stataing 1 bottle Doll Dresses, s^c. 60c and 7Oc; Cloth bS $5 To?Co^ $3 9?.
V €fr.\ M-islin ' Gown, lace 25c to $1. -,;.--. t nft A*|»^fi ' xtract \ l , cake Jacke > 35 ° and 40c; V° rs i e ft d Jac^ ch lds - VesteeSuits-si: 95 and $2.45. -
* AW trimmed on collar and __ . _.„ Scarf Pin, solid gold, flower or stone f^Zk^W^. soap, 1 bottle sa- eta, 2ac anJ ! 6Oc;MutLs,fur dOc and Boys' 2-piece Suits, all w001— 52.45
► i\ f wide lace insertion on Plated Ware. set, $1 to $5. o . .„ J ~T—^chet powder, all 75c; Collars, fur bac; Fur Sets 50c, and $2.95.
I ' ,^m^ yoke, full length, all Child's Mugs, satin . , Brooches, plated, 2&c to $3. fc^ odors, the -- r $1; Hats, trimmed, 10c, lojs »nd 2nc, An all-wool Blue Kersey Overcoat for
► /v*fir\ sizes price 75c, m engraved, 25c I^3^/^P Brooches, solid b0x....--.- ZDC Wire Frames. luc lac; Felt Hats, lac, large boys 14 to 19 years at $6.
I UIIf M Special .'soc Chi d's' Mugs, S==^* s^\ vj^^rX* gold, wreath frost- Handsome box containing 2 bottles ?_? _ 25c; Straw Hats, lnc,2^c; Knit Booties Holiday stock of Men' Smoking Jackets
f (l/u'iil Ladies' Bishop picture, satin engraved, lA | g ed gold leaves, of extract all odors, the box l^c, lac 2oc; Ram Coats, 2o;; Kid all ready ;
k Hlir'l Gown, made of heavy ■ with shield gold lined, C| T - S v _ with 2 rubies and Handsome package containing 2 cakes Gloves, nOc to $1; Doll Jewelry Sets, -
II 77// JfA/ : "Falls Mills" tennis $1.00. (£/ '"j£&Jf ' Ji' ; -T> 2 pearls, hke pic- -perfumed soap, 1 bottle extract, the «_ 10c__to $1; Doll Toilet Sets, 25c to Presents for Men.
*■ /'■■I 1 / '/?/) •- flannel, all-silk ribbon • Child's " Mug, Roger U -^P^ it ' $$? ture, ?.100.  box v\ ; ,-? $1.2 a. _ The Men's Furnishing Department has
! '7M I iVI lacing at neck, 58 Bros.' quadruple plate, Q^^j* __if^ Child's Solid Gold > An. elegant assortment of handsome Mi «« never been so attractive as at present.
» //$i / ' li inches long, extra full $1.50 to $2.25. " u£ " - *^ -^^-S^*^" 11 Ring, stone set, package extracts, containing 1 oz. of UOH carriages. Fashion's decrees have been intelligently .
, l/l'l I I (Hi cut through body, Child's Knife, Fork and spoon, 15c to 75c to $1.50. Fine Quality Perfume 3UC 3^*>s. Willow body, no top, studied and followed. No season for.
► 'j ' . ''IJI jearl buttons, felled $2.25. ' ' : : v ;-S :^ Ladies' Solid Gold Rings, stone set, We carry a complete assortment of Hl*'^H 1 *'^ 25c and 50c. ' years has shown so many innovations.
► / ji seams, always __ Child's Knife. Fork and Spoon, Roger $1.50 to $10. . « . High-Grade Perfumery from such manu- iii£§p» Reed body, parasol top, " Neckwear— The variety of . new
<- \ / $1.25. special at /->C Bros.', $1.00 and $1.25. Gents' and Boys' Seal Ring, solid gold, facturers as Ed Pinaud, Roger G3llet, JKsMBX^" 80c to $2.50. shapes is almost unlimited— new ideas in
• ( \ . I Ladies' Heavy Mus- Chili's Knife, Fork and Spoon, pearl $2.50 to $10. t . . Piver, Violet Boujnis, Girard Fils, Crown /?s}««gW^ Fancy body, parasol de Joinvilles, Imperials, Ascots and puffs,
<■ An. 1 M !in Drawers, plain handle Knife, sterling bolster, satin lined Gold Pens, pearl holders, in satin-lmed Perfumery Co., London. f^HirpFcJj ' to P' ste^ wheels, novel in weave, design and — prices
» V '^T deep hem, yoke band, box, $2.00 . • boxes, 85c to $3.50. ; - % ?' "^: Photoaraith Albums. $2.75 to $10. $2, $1.50. $1, 75c and 50c.
* 2*~r a 50- quality, 9£ - === =**^ Cake Basket, Chain Bracelets, with padlock and key, Celluloid tront and .^* w Reed bod hood to ' Reefers— Surah Silk, hemstitched,
[■ ' special price... jf^ satin and satin 75c to $3.50. , T beautiful desitm _^-===s=s^ steel wheels, $3 to $6. plain white or black, and the latest in
i Ladies' Corset Covers, every one worth jf X bright cut, 85c . floral' decoration i^^oS§[\ ' --* fancy silks— s3, $2.50, $2, $1.50 and $1.
v 50c and some in sizes 40 to 42 worth .-_ / A to $10.00. . Upright Easel Photo- •fr^T"^!'! WaffOnS. Mufflers— Heavy, rich, brocaded
» 75c, special.: -^ c jL.-y^s. -,^,i->J Cake Basket, _. _.. crranh Albums full eel- V I \/ i> ill . Pedal handy effects— also stripes, plaids and polka
► Children's Extra Heavy and Close Woven I&^^&jSSBP like picture,. Sterling Silver NOVeltieS fS fi n h new de- 3 { .ft; Wl . 4 wagon-can be dots in silks and cashmeres— s2.so, $2.
► Canton Flannel Skirts, with waists, in low, embossed, it Button- 85en ' $3.00 I 'i^^jX'Tv'fH li used as an or $1.50. $1 and 75c.
*■ sizes Ito 4, fitting children up to 6 years tSaigCT satin-chased JI Hooks, 25c Musical" Photograph 3 Z5^S-"- ) i dinar)' pull wag- Suspenders— new effects
*■ of age — handle, $2.50. to $1.00. Albums handsome de- I i r '"" *$»•-€ \ ' on or can be in silk non-elastic webs, with white kid
* Size 1, regularly 30c, now...- .he -^ Butter Dishes, satin &Sk Nail Files, sign, plays 2 tunes. $5 I £" : -- ! ' S-J _ v U propelled by ends — also imported plain webs with
Size 2, regularly 35c. n0w.. .20c &^%, and bright cut, 75c to /^^^^.ff-f^ 9- to $1.50 Other styles from L Lfcs^^^ /T^~4~~^P^\ the feet— suit- sterling silver buckles. The ends are of
„ Size 3, regularly 40c, n0w... 2 / A $7.50. £.. HsaVliJ^^ k 01. „ ' ' $5.00 to $20.00 ' A /f"t m(l ' lt \ Vir, able for two kid and their color matches the predomin-
Size 4, regularly 45c, now 30c // ] Dinner Casters, 5 |i£ Jb JM^^\jSi o **°£'* °£' r pK^fe^i /111 <35\ children — 500 ating tone in the web— s4, $3, $2 and $1.
► 40 dozen Bustles, of black sateen, with \V Lotties, satin engraved, W^^^^S^W ' Work BOXeSe \lKj^3!t£&-*3VWv similar styles, * Shirts — Rich, grouped stripes in
k bustle and side pads, regularly 50c 7c; *J' A $1 to $10. Tooth Brush, Full celluloid pretty designs, containing X^y \wT^ W cheaper qual- Madras and Percale finish, the neat, gen-
* each, special price at * 3C I -^E^-« Pickle Casters, satin ,<^f^®k 35c to $1.50- j comr ,j ete sew j n » outfit ..••-' 50c ™ ity, $3.75. tlemanly effects demanded by correct
* Children's Woolen Wristlets, al- ._ Mk^^ZZj, engraved, 75c to $3.50. (^^^^ Tooth Brush, Autograph Albums— celluloid front, Wood Express Wagons, with iron axles, fashion. From our immense assortments
y ways 25c, special price •■•-.. *<?C Vlr* »**' Pickle Casters, like \£jt?&' ■ beaded pat- beautiful floral design, pretty style, size $1 to $4.50; Steel Body Express Wagons, we should be able to please any taste— ■
i UnlSrtt**. CM « !&W picture, Ruby glass, v tern, ."Oc. 4' 2 x7 inches • 50c eel wheels, 80c to $2; Police Patrols, $1.50 and $1. * « -*«. •. -^
fc IKOSIUay tans. . j *;«♦■* [ flower decorations, em- Puff Boxes, rich imitation cut glass, $1. New shapes and patterns 75c to $2 $7 and $10.50; Hook and Ladders, $2.50 Silk Initial Handkerchiefs
fc Hand -painted Bolting Cloth Fans— < Miifcar bossed, with pickle Puff Boxes, cut glass, $2 to $5. g crap Bocks— Linen cover, handsome to $12.50; Wheelbarrows, wood, 25c to —Twilled silk, hemstitched, handsome
£ black, cream and colors, Empire . < <£J?EZzM tongs complete, $2.50. Salve Boxes, cut glass, 25c to $1.50. designs, size 9x12 inches 25c $1 ; Buckboards, $3.50 to $8.50. silk initial, 75c— plain silk, hemstitched,
[ style -at $1, 75c and -J^C AJV^^^ST Tea Sets ' 4 ieee9 ' Salve Boxes, cut glass, beaded top, 50c. Leatherette Scrap Books-Size 10?« Coasters, painted oak body, iron wheels initialed, 22-inch size. 50c.
[ Empire Gauze Fans on sheer * 0 .) C W S *L^7 m *L quadruple plate, $3.35 Seals with one letter, 75c to $2.50. IS**" inches 35c and axles, body 32^' inches long, $2. Linen initial Handker-
* cloth, spangled, hand painted .. $Z*£O y^P^t^P^^ to $10. Wax Hold 50c to $1.50. . chiefs — Pure linen hemstitched, fine
1, Ostrich Feather Fans, shell blades, Tea Sets, 4 pieces, Emery Bags, 25c. Celluloid BOXeS. Rocking HorSeS. sheer cloth, beautifully worked, initial,
► black, cream and colors —at 1 1 en quadruple plate, bright Infant's Brush and Comb, $1.50 to $2.50, Combination Collar and Cuff Box, cellu- r uwH »i 50c— also a pure linen hemstitched initial
V $4.50, $3.75, $2.50, $1.75 and. 4>>«SU cut satin, with polished shield on feet, $10. Pocket Knives, $1 to $3.50. ' bid pretty design, large size 75c 41 9- «i T ' Ij j&1& ' handkerchief, neatly packed in half-dozen
t ib K^~i Wi — Tea Set, 5 pieces, quadruple plate, satin Cigar Cutters, 50c to $1.50. . Fancy designs from $1.00 to $5.00 |H?' * 1 - ou JP^&F&r* ' boxes— each 25c. . ; :"
I Holiday GSOVeS. and satin bright cut, $10 to $45. Baby Bib-holders, 85c to $1.50. Glove and Handkerchief Sets, satin lined **?"• , Wnnrl §\ IjrL / GIOVBS— AII of the popular shades
f If you don't know your friend's size or Bread Trays, quadruple plate, $1.15 to Baby Rattles, 75c to $3. boxes beautifully colored designs, with L : arve fi a .V° *o 1 ?' \fsl^ in walking gloves, all the desirable styles
? the colors wanted, buy a Glove $6.50. Brush and Comb in satin-lined box, WO rd handkerchiefs and gloves, embossed K-n "°i |o xSitl— J\ '^b of driving and street gloves— full lines of
I Order m We make them out for any Cups and Saucers, gold lined, quadruple $2.10, on covers s a t of 2 51.50 . * u'ph $10 Dent'sand Adler's gloves— s2, $I.so and $1.
y amount— redeemable at anytime -f nn plate, $2.25 to $4.50. Hair Brushes, $2.50 to $6. Other styles set $1.75 to $5.00 '■ £ !|F ' — am —— — —
v Ladies' Black Silk Mittens ..... $ J.UU Clothes Brushes,, s2.so to $4.50. . Toilet Set, in prettily designed celluloid g^jjj * n * *t5 detachable stands $4 50 Holiday HatS.
I Ladies' 2-clasp Walking Gloves— Reds, Whisk Broom, 85c to $2.50. case containing Comb, Brush and Mir- ,: -* xr £. J. £} ™»q «19 m and £\k Newest Fall Blocks for Men in Derbies
}. Blues, Greens, Tans, Modes, also Black, • Velvet Brush, 75c to $2.50. ror ' * $1.25 ?D^ h -:!;«al Trains * with cir and Fedoras-our $1.85 Hat is a wonder—
y embroidered in White-excellent ... m nhtnawang>—Lanm* Bonnet Brush ' 75 ° to $3'3 ' Same Style, larger $1.50 to $2.00 r,,flr tracS 25^50^ 75c $1, $1.50 equal to any $2.50 Hat in the city.
£ quality— per pair $J.UU UMnaware Lamps. Match Boxes, $1 to $4. Toilet Sit, new style automatic drop- cular tracks, we, 10c, »i, *i.ou ' Th famous John B. Stetson Derby and
J Ladies' 2-clasp Real Kid (light weight) Carlsbad China Tea S*t, shape like Stamp Boxes, 50c to $1.50. front case, satin lined, containing Comb, &X %j-ti n ; r( . n i ar an kite share tracks Fedora Hats for men are sold in -. _. n
I Gloves - Reds, Blues, Greens, tf 0/ - picture-44 ><^7^V Hand Mirrors, $4 to $10. />, Brush, Mirror and Complete Manicuring « 9^ftV?!n d S ' the big store at $4.50
I Tans, Modes, also Black pair... $*• pieces, deli- /j£js®V\ Ladies' Dressing Combs, 50c to $1.50. ' Outfit, price"... $4.00 §^.bO, * % *° ana $8. Children's Holiday Hats and Caps—
y. Ladies' 2 -clasp English Walking cate pink / J&</~'r^& : ?±-<L Paper Cutter, pearl blades, 2sc to $1.50. Other styles, larger..s4.so to $35.00 Wood TOYS. the latest popular shapes and effects, in
► Gloves — Reds, Blues, Greens, Browns, and gold ■^WJ**^'Cl% Pepper and Salts, per pair, cut glass, " — — ' ■„ "* * „ c . Tarns, Golf Yachts, Etons, Yachts and
J Tan.<, Modes, also Black -the; t1 - ft edge decor- },l '•/>'. *^v,'A J ))) 25c to $2.50. DreSS Suit Cases. Trains, 25c 50c, $1. Soldiers 50c,_$l Golfs-25c, 49c, 75c, 98c, $1.23, $1.50,
£ very best $1.50 at ions-the V IV/ ■~^s^~\}Jl Ink Stands, cut glass. $1.50 to $3.50. r Twf ' Gunboats, 25c, 50c, Wash Sets, 25c, 50c, $i. 6 9, $2.00, $2.50, $3.00.
+ Ladies" 3-clasp Kid Gloves— The "Pre- set— tlVv 7V^ % M^ Mucilage Bottle, $1.25. . , b ° od eavy s*^ L TT * L ./, m
J miere"-a model Glove, distinguished for C; 7 on V*\— - e^-*-*> Sugar Tongs, $1.50. J?™ 111 1 ' ' D " ss t<<^>JS^^^^^ Steamboats, 50c, 51. Horse Cars, 50c Holiday Footwear.
I the fineness of the skin, satisfactory in VW. NpS^T ."- Bon Bon Tongs, 75c. . Sur^b as fr^^^l Ferry Boats, 2oc. Wagons, 25c,50c,51. Ladies' blue-blLk Felt Romeos. white ■
lLei:\^Z" [ T-r^ol:' ' aS^ rfek. »d f / Children's Dishes. wool lined with black, fur trimmings,
« ioß,ack ß^.' . T :-. MOd . eB ' $1.50 rSet^OOpieces^TpTL decora- " '• - {SS£Z \i ."I S^fitf j.- a?'? ca lUiTieQ leatner ooies, cosy anu comiorir-
» also Black $1.5U ncr Set-100 pieces -very pretty decora- , Btee l frame and |J J S^f & T -% t? 10^ <67R0 able, nice for folks who are on their feet
I Presents From the S^^^l^^J^^ CIOCkS. f k & r ~--~^- SsSat»£tt2«. a great deal, all sizes and widths
I Domestic Dep't. SJS persons P $29.80 Nickel Alarm, 4- dhr^sodd h r^50 d fipS| ! - Toilet Sets, lOc to $2. "SSTS "^ y< M
h Dinner Sets- Hemstitched Ger- A large assortment of decorated Dinner i^\ inch dial, guaran- Others in Calf, English Grain, French Musical TOYS. and black /J B\
% dozen Napkins to match-stylish. one Sets from $6.25 up. Set-gold and &£^k - teed, to ?1. 50. Calf and Genuine Alligator. : ; ,7 |^ h^>^ me o Slip- y^M\
J dozen Napkins to match-stylish . Ruby Glass Lemonade Set-gold and Sg^^Sfo Decorated China — - g ZgSSkg'JtS' £' SSSSjJSsVsSwc. *c 0 Slip- S*dßr\
I and serviceable -the set .. $6.75 . flowered decorations— fi/r^T^QO Clocks, 5 inches New Books. . T 55 ™ P t o 25c f. ™ meas.ac.iuc, pers, elastic >^ W V
J Eiderdown Comforters— fl fancy shape pitcher and VflS Vn)/rc? high, $1.25. • Largest js*o,tmen s— popular puces. pianos, 25c to $3.50. Music Boxes, 50c B ide goring, ' 7v ' /
j, covered with fine French Sateen, full /^i*\ tumbler and trrn J^iWlff. ' Rich Gold Nov- Brunetiere French Literature .....$l.BO Metalophones, 5c to $3.50. affording o^' \-~3 '
I standard size- very light weight, "warm as fiKfif e>\ silvermetray.. 3U - «L-^(i el ty Clocks, $2 to Merriman— "Roden's Corner" 1.60 ,to?i.w. __ __ protection to '" ■■
J» toast"— large range of select *_ nA ( ▼ Vs£S ■ The newest and pret- ■ (t;^|C*j2^|J «6. . Parker— of the Strong" 1.35 the ankles from cold draughts, comfort-
*■ colorings, each . $D.UU V * W tiest designs in Cut (MBJ-^aafc-^ . Enameled Wood Maclaren "Afterwards" 1.35 Holiday Umbrellas. able for house wear and can be *f « n
► Eiderdown Comforters- \ : _ / Glass Rose Bowls, Vases, Clock> like picture, gilt trimmings, 8- I -"The Puritan 5"......."....:...... 1.35 __ * In all mat ! worn in the street, all sizes $J./U
► Handsome silk and satin coverings, first- TSSI Water Bottles.Pitchers, V L.hour gong ' Jonnston— "Prisoners of Hope" 1.35 \S"fl rials — Gloria, _ « ".-
[ class in every respect -from . tf^fe. Fruit and Berry Dishes JSjjeVqg Z% A. i Bellamy-"Blindmen's World" 1.35 'fl^ng^. Twill Gloria Silk & Grocery Specials
I $l£so-to ..... c/ + 3t).00 ,^^ • S^STK We f b ?" Setose Force- I^^^^i ' B * rr Robert-"Tekla"; ...;.........:.. MO . ;^%f^^ Gtoria, Kffl Taf- Monday and Tuesday.
I Rug or Steamer Shawls- ( J&) »eve are the lowest m lain clocks, in pink I Ford-Tattle Tales of Cupid" . 0 ,if W : feta and Union Direct Grocer? Teiephbne-South £9. '■
► Imported and American Makes -in new V± Of/ town -, ,„, nr v] w and -eilt KfEJ«t»iSl I Farrar— Great Books" -1.1O 1 -» l^ Silks with Rtpfil . The best quality Tapioca and Sago. regu--.
► Tartan colorings reversible suitable for S^ top labies — sue of nower7eco"a tS &&££&& | '-' Kirk— "Dorothy Deane" MO j; /ffl ,k f ' pi ,_j, n larly 35c Ib-you cannot match it at less
► traveling purposes — Lames Wraps, \f / top lables — size of - ,; dj j bey . Kirk— "Dorothy Deane" UO m/«l i oc k f ram es-an larly 3»c m-you cannot match it at less
£ Lounge Covers, etc.. from $4.* $Q ){ onyx BxB in.-.g Kgla^French .^^aJ^ Finley-'^ie on the Hudson" ..OO |J| Immense variety j' ; iSB£r2&X"S& j
I ketS -very fine, extra siz, and quality Afe\ qnet Lamp 80 inches ggot o $20 ' Rostand-"Cyrano de Bergerac 10 tffiyi I^li ' Sy lai t l^or 1 .^ V ?S^/?..SK
t- bound with rich wide silk ribbons to [*?4j] high, . polished brass *> t0 »- '• man ng- mJS fl»^ v*^. BB^L HRI WS B ES& JB |i{ d wood bamboo LluUOr Specials.
* * White Wool !£££-*£> decorated to match- H BSEHfI SL IvH B| In 3 B ||f**'lfl| Dresden, ivory! A1 Dome 9 tic d PortVr;'quau'iyaifrigh\\"for 5 1
[ Blankets - good stock and well lift out center draft 60 candle- *_ EH ||i^ •* " T__ J *% ** (BS iW^ /1' , ' »nrt <w, pearl and jewel', " r zin O f«dVf.Ki;fe"win;;V«Sus?
l made- pink, blue •or lemon " color bor- power burner front 4>D.OU Em IBlfF**^ 3SkT\4M BSF BWH| for ladies and gents— 75c" Monday and Tue5day......... 800
\ ders-full 72 inches wide - per $ Our *«f'««^ « ' A < /j^ P W Ool^leilHiile BaZAAr. : $1.00 tO $10.00. , j^^^S^**S^..^.«Bß
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27. 1898.
56
SUNDAY NOVEMBER 27, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
■ ■II- — , .-. , ._, . ~i_r- 1 V >^r-^_^^r-o^^- l Qf>_ < -^^
Address AN^rr^unicat^onsJ^^J^^
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. p.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL BOOMS 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1871.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) l»
served by carrier* In It)** city, and surrounding town*
for 15 cent* a week- By mall $6 per year; per montb
65 cent». _________ •
THE WEEKLY CALL ...On* year, by mall. $1-50 ;
OAKLAND OFFICE ............. »08 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (ft. C.) OFFICE Rl_ft« Hove*
C C CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquctte Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street, corner Clay,
I open until 9--30 o'clock- 387 Hayes street, open until
#-.30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock. 615 L.arKtn street, open until 9:30 o'clock.-
WAI Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock. '06 Eleventh >
street open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-»«con^ an*
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clocK.
\ AMUSEMENT*
Cjilifo" — "Northern Lights."
. Columbia— "At Gay Coney Island.
Alcazar— "lmagination."
Tivoli-Zuiette.
Morosco's— "In Sight of St. Paul's."
Orpheum — Vaudeville.
Comedy— "Cyrano de Bergerac."
The Chutes— Goriila Man. Vaudeville and the Zoo.
Olympia - Corner Mason and Ed./ Streets. Specialties.
Glen Park— Mission Zoo.
Ingleslde C&urslDg Park— Coursing.
Butro'a Hut):- Swimming-.
Recreation Park— Baseball.
Oakland Race Track— Races to-morrow.
Mechanics 1 Pavilion-Charity Bazaar. .Tfcursdaj-. . Decem-
ber I.
-enthal — Corning In December.
AUCTION SALES.
By Wm. G. Lams— Tuesday. November 29. at 11 o'clock,
Horses, at 721 Howard street.
By Killip & Co— Tuesday. November 29, at -:-0 p. m.
thorouehl,r?a yearlings, at corner Van Ness avenue and Mar-
ket street.
By • 'Wm. i;. Layng— Monday evening, November 28, tnor-
ooghbred race horses, at 721 Howard st. ,
THE LATEST PHILIPPINE FHOSE.
JUST what has been proposed to Spain in re-
I to her sovereignty in the Philippines is j
not known.
From time to time rumors seep out from Paris,
and the nearest to a reasonable conclusion from them
all is that our Commissioners are haggling with the
Spanish representatives over a price to be paid for the
islands and their people. To pay for territory after
we have whipped the nation that owned it has a pre- j
cedent in our settlement with Mexico. But that was
territory .over which Mexican jurisdiction was not
only nominal, but it was land that was untouched by
the hand and untrod by the foot of civilized man. In
all of its vast area the Mexican settlers hardly num
bered into the thousands, and when we made treaty
with Mexico their ownership of the lands they occu
pied was respected and they were made citizens of the j
United States. It is not to be denied that their fate
when their nomadic simplicity was brought in contact
with American shrewdness was such as not to attract
people of their sort into a like companionship. But
in dealing with Mexico we bought unpeopled land
and admitted the few civilized settlers to citizenship.
In the Philippines, however, we are not buying un
peopled land. Human beings swarm there like ants.
As individuals or tribes they own and occupy the
land. They have drained to its sorry dregs the cup
of colonial experience. The few who have gained
:' great wealth are reported in favor of annexation to
this country, in order that their fortunes may be un
der the protection of an American fleet and garrison.
It is said that these rich natives complain of Aguin
: aldo that they paid to him a large sitm of money as a
bribe to support annexation, and that he pocketed
the cash and came out for independence. This inci
dent means that there is Filipino gold ready to pay
for the advocacy of annexation and that Aguinaldo
will not stay bought, because he is in the midst of
the people, wild and tame, wlio want no more colo
nial government.
Notwithstanding the prayer of the few- rich for an
nexation, it is every day clearer that if we buy the
Philippines of Spain we are buying the privilege of
conquesting them. There are ten millions of people
■in those islands, and Spain has had jurisdiction of
only a small minority of them. A modern rifle can
non can fire a shot from the shore and its inward
, range wfll nearly everywhere cover the narrow rim
that has really belonged to Spain. Beyond that are
the tribes which are drawn upon for a fighting force
by the revolutionists, like Aguinaldo, and have been
use 1 time and again to force Spain to p«y for a peace
which she would not conque ■ in that climate by arms.
If we are to pay twenty millions, it is just two dol
lars per head for the Filipinos, Buddhists, Moham
medans and all. If they are worth it they ought not
to be sold. If they are not we ought not to buy them.
With their climate as an ally they can make the effec
tive assertion of our jurisdiction cost us ten
times what we pay per head for them. It is amaz
ing that the American people should abandon them
selves to such a hasheesh dream as ownership of
these islands. Senator Morgan aids the delusion by
an. interview in which he vaunts their "vast and im
. measurable wealth." Spain has been exploiting
"them for centuries. She has driven their people to
Kbor performed unwillingly, as all labor in the tropics
is. Their production of hemp, sugar, rice and to
•• bacco has been forced by Spain for the benefit of the
' few rich and the Chinese who control th- trade. With
all this forcing the. total trade of the whole archi
pelago, imports and exports, is only thirty-two mil
. Jions of dollars a year. This sum, generated by the
producing and consuming capacity of ten millions of
■ people, so fires the fancy of Senator Morgan that he
sees in it the evidence of "vast and immeasurable
wealth."
California, with but little over one-tenth the num
ber of people, exports forty millions a year of the sur
plus products of her mines, orchards, fields, vine
yards, forests and waters! The Philippines produce a
total trade equal to three dollars and twenty cents
per head of the population,, while California exports
■nearly forty dollars per head!
We invite the attention of Senator Morgan's
sumptuous and tropical imagination to the statistics
of California's trade.
If the people are to pay twenty millions, or two
dollars per head for the Filipinos, who generate a
trade of only three dollars and twenty cents per head,
why not do a little more for California, whose people
produce in exports alone more than twelve times as
much?
The wife of Dreyfus is very ill, a circumstance
which may be regarded as a new triumph for France.
TELEPHONE fIBUSES.
A SUBJECT which should receive attention from
the coming Legislature concerns the secrecy
of telegraphic and telephonic messages. The
law as it exists at present gives business men and
newspapers inadequate protection against eavesdrop
ping and actual betrayal, and it ought to be amended
so as to visit severe penalties upon those who traffic
in the business secrets of others. Such amendment
need repose on no higher plane than ordinary public
policy.
The code now provides that even in judicial pro
ceedings involving life and property the secrets of
attorney and client, physician and patient and priest
and parishioner shall be inviolable; that is to say,
that the lips of these three classes shall be closed
unless they are opened with the consent of the per
sons concerned. The reason for this is founded upon
an enlightened regard for the confidences of man
kind. It is better, says the law, that evil should be
worked now and then than that men should be pre
vented from imparting their secrets to those who es
pecially enjoy their confidence.
The law with respect to telegraphic messages as
bid down by various courts prevents fishing excur
sions among the records of telegraphic corporations.
The only way a litigant can get a telegram on a sub
pena is to name and describe it. Moreover, owing to j
the litigation which is taking place over business
secrets intrusted to their care the telegraph compa
nies are strict with their employes and promptly
punish violations of confidence. It is rare, there
fore, that information contained in a telegram leaks
out, and no change that could be made in the law
would be likely to improve the secrecy that is now
maintained with respect to those communications.
But with telephones it is altogether different. Not
only is it easier for talk to leak than for tickers to be
understood, but no curb at all has ever been placed
upon the operators by the telephone companies of j
California. Everything that goes over the telephone \
wires is public property, and it is reasonably safe to j
say that if a business man in San Francisco were to
telephone his partner in Sacramento that he contem
plated the legal absurdity of attaching the City Hall,
even-body in the State within an hour would know
all about it. The newspapers, whose chief concern
is keeping their information dark until it is published
— news being the valuable commodity in which they j
deal— have no secrets from the telephone compa- !
Viies. If a man in Los Angeles were to telephone The j
Call that the water lords of that city were about to j
relinquish their grip on the city's works, every news
paper along the line would be in possession of the
information immediately.
This may all be stopped by law. The Legislature
has power to regulate telephone corporations as well
as telegraph companies, and it can enforce secrecy
among the operators of both. We are especially in
terested in the preservation of the property called
news. The general idea seems to be that news re
sembles umbrellas in being the common property of
mankind. But. nevertheless, it is a valuable com
modity, and the newspapers are entitled to have it
protected frorft robbers as well as other business men
are entitled to the protection of their money, dia
monds and watches.
LOCAL RfllLWflY PROJECTS.
BY the construction of the Valley Road during
the years of industrial depression and financial
stringency, the managers of that enterprise not s
only accomplished a great work, but encouraged the
undertaking of other railway enterprises in the State.
The encouragement, indeed, was of a substantial
character, for if railway construction could be made
profitable in the hard times we have just undergone,
it is certain that good results are to be expected of
such work now that we are fairly started upon a new
era of prosperity and business activity.
One of the evidences of coming railway construc
tion is to be found in the reports concerning the long
projected road from Fresno to Monterey. Definite
information is said to have been received that con
tracts have been given for the construction of the
road from Monterey to Hollister, and "semi-official"
authority is quoted for a statement that the work of
building a wharf at Monterey will commence early
in December.
Good reasons exist for regarding these reports as
reliable. It is known that all necessary rights of way
for the proposed road have been obtained through
San Benito County, and it is announced that steps
have been taken toward getting L he right of way
through Salinas Valley to Salinas. It is believed that
no great difficulty will be met in getting the required
right of way, and the people along the line are san
guine the work of construction will begin shortly
| after New .Year.
Active work upon the proposed roa ' will be an
other inducement to the managers of the Southern
j Pacific to fulfill their long neglected pledges to com
j plete the connecting link in their, line of railway
■ through the coast counties. The rights of way across
the existing gap in the line were given years ago
upon a promise that the road would be undertaken
at once and pressed to a speedy completion. The
company, however, has played fast and loose with its
promises and the gap is still open. It will be impos
tible, however, for the old-time monopol to continue
! this policy of stagnation in face of the competition it
will have in the new routes, and that company also
may begin . to display some activity in railway con
! struction before the coming year is ended.
The undertaking of the Fresno and Monterey road,
which is to connect the valley with the sea, will have
the effect of stimulating a similar project in the
j northern part of the State of connecting Humboldt
Bay with the interior. There is a rich region of coun
j try to be opened up in that section of the State by
railroad builders, and now that better times have
come and capital is seeking investment it is not likely
that the advantages of Northern California will be
overlooked, or that enterprising capitalists will ig
nore the profits to be made by assisting in its develop
ment.
Frank Belew's heirs will be enriched by the mur
der he committed. Had Belew been acute he would
have killed the rest of his brothers and gone to the
gallows serenely conscious that the crime of neglect
ing to provide for his little ones could not be charged
I against him.
For swindling the susceptible public two so-called
pugiiists the other night acquired $15,000 each.
'"What fools these mortals be" is still an apt expres
sion. Indeed, such fools are they that at the first
chance they will be taken in again.
Constable Matthews of Milpitas, who killed an in
offensive boy, will go to San Quentin for five years.
As many a better man has gone to the gallows for a
i less crime, Matthews might well while away his spare
time in congratulating himself.
At least the beautiful young lady who came out
here to christen the Wisconsin can never complain
that the papers did not make her look like a* variety
of handsome women of a wide range of types.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
Tlif^T UTAH CONGRESSMAN.
IN the State of Utah women vote and are eligible
to office. At the first State election women were
chosen to the Legislature. They take part, quite
generally, in primary politics, and appear as dele
gates in State conventions, where they are heard as
well as seen.
In the last Democratic State convention, when Mr.
Roberts was proposed as the nominee for Congress,
a lady delegate made a speech against him, in which
she in elaborate detail gave the reasons why he
should not be nominated. She said she was prepared
to prove that he was the father of three children,
whose ages were only a few months apart, the off
spring of plural marriages, or polygamy. The issue
was raised against him during the campaign, and no
answer was made to it, except to charge that it was
merely an appeal to religious prejudice as a force in
politics. He was elected, and now the matter goes to
the next House for test and trial.
The best friends of the admission of Utah to state
hood were opposed to polygamy, and pledged the sin
cerity of the Mormon hierarchy and people in their
abandonment of it. The Tucker-Edmunds law, up
held by the Supreme Court of the United States, had
borne heavily upon the Mormons, and many of them
had performed legal expiation of the offense of
polygamy. Among these Roberts himself had stood
imprisonment, upon due conviction.
To the credit of human nature let it be admitted
that the enforcement of the anti-polygamy law fur
nished many instances of sterling manhood on the
part of the men convicted under it. They refused to
abandon their plural wives to infamy and their chil
dren to the stain of illegitimacy, and while they prom
ised obedience to the law which punished them, made
ample provision for their wives and children.
But Utah was admitted to the Union, with a clause
in her constitution making polygamy a felony and
upon a pledge to enforce it by legislation which would
give the courts jurisdiction. There is a question
among lawyers whether admission as a State ended
Federal jurisdiction over this question. The con
stitution had to be passed upon by Congress, and the
anti-polygamy provision became an act of Congress
thereby. Whether thereafter it became a State mat
ter solely may have to be determined. The people of
a State have always been held to have the sole power
to change and amend their constitution, with the
single limitation that it must conform to the constitu
tion of the United States. The latter instrument docs
not forbid polygamy. The domestic relations are by
it left to State regulation. It did not forbid slavery,
which existed solely as a domestic institution, created
and protected by State constitutions and laws, until
it was forbidden by the thirteenth amendment to the
Federal constitution, which was declared to be rati
fied December 18, 1865.
Since Utah was admitted the rumors of a return to
plural marriages in that State have risen and in
creased. The Gentile population is a small minority
of the whole people. The Mormons, when united,
can control the elections and the State polity without
Gentile alliance and in defiance of the minority sen
timent. If they choose to use this power to return
to a practice which they pledged themselves to aban
don, as a condition precedent to statehood, they can
do so, but they must take the consequences. There
is no way by which a State may be expelled from the
Union and reduced again to territorial subjection.
The proper mode for reaching the Utah ca?e is by an
amendment to the Federal constitution prohibiting
polygamy, to be enforced by appropriate legislation.
This will make it a Federal question, the same as
slavery, and it will be within the jurisdiction solely
of the Federal courts. The discussion of the Roberts
case has called out the expression of some singular
views.
United States Senator Cannon, himself a monog
amist in practice, though a Mormon and the son of
one of the greatest men in the church, has dismissed
the matter by saying that tree coinage of silver, and
not polygamy, was the issue in the late campaign,
and it will do no good to refuse his seat to Roberts
for the State will elect a free silver man in his place.
Of course this is an apparent appeal along political
lines, and seems intended to create the impression
that the opposition to Roberts is really on account of
his financial views.
If this be the Senator's purpose, no clairvoyant
sight is required to see that it is merely special
pleading.
No one cares what the financial views of Mr.
Roberts may be. He is entitled to their possession
and expression. The whole country cares, however,
what his practices in his domestic relations may be.
If he is living in polygamy, in defiance of the funda
mental law of his own State, in violation of the pledge
of the hierarchy of his church, and in defiance of the
moral sentiment of the American people, the House
cannot evade the issue presented. If. on proof of his
offense, the House seat him, it will be taken in Utah
as indorsement of the covert violation of the consti
tution of the State, and what may now be assumed as
a secret relation will come to be practiced as openly
ah it was before the Tucker- Edmunds law prohibited
and punished it.
If Roberts is denied his seat, the next step should
be the reference of an anti-polygamy amendment to
the constitution, for ratification by the States. The
first Republican platform denounced the "twin relics
of barbarism, slavery and polygamy." The party can
only gain by standing by that declaration and adding
to the abolition of slavery the Federal prohibition of
plural marriage.
A threat to put a face on a man has heretofore been
regarded as in the nature of a threat, but New York
surgeons are going to try it, and from che kindliest
of motives. Their subject was incautious enough to
blow his face off with a gun, and the men of science
think they can replace it with one on a celluloid foun
dation. The public's best wishes will attend their
efforts, and yet there is reason to fear the new phy
siognomy will never take a prize at a beauty show.
The best use to make of features is not to blow them
off.
Probably the charge that jewels were stolen from
the linen of a victim of the Baldwin fire and replaced
by worthless imitations are unfounded. Thieves
might have snatched the valuables, but they would
not have lingered in the vicinity long enough to have
done the rest.
At least there is the excuse for fighting over the
estate of James T. Murphy of San Jose that the es
tate is of considerable value, and several people who
would like the spending of it did not happen to be
mentioned in the will.
A Police Judge has just given a wife-beater ninety
days. The sentence is not. generous. Surely the
Judge could have spared another ninety days.
The way creditors are swooping down on Baldwin
reminds one of the circling flight of vultures above a
carcass.
Racing may be a good thing. There may be too
, much of a good thing.
WITH ENTIRE FRANKNESS.
It had v been my purpose to say this
week something about Gertrude Ather
ton. Then occurred the reflection that
she was n4t worth the space. When
there is no better topic than a sour
malformation of feminine mentality I
am ready to go out of the business of
writing.
** * .
Some anonymous friend sends a clip
ping from this column wh.erein was
stated that Roosevelt had written him
self an ass, and that when he sought
political preferment the fact would lead
to his defeat. "A poor prophecy." com
ments the unknown, which is so pain
fully true that, dimly remembering the
statement, I had been afraid it would
be taken from the files and hurled at
me. . Nevertheless, I weaken no whit on
the proposition that Roosevelt did write
himself an ass. As to the result of
this I was mistaken. It would, seem
that to so write oneself is the way to
get into public favor. However, I
acknowledge that as a prophet Roose
velt's election knocks me out. Not be
ing the seventh son of a seventh son,
nor born with a caul, I look into the
future with difficulty.
» * •
Strange questions come to this de
partment, questions clearly designed
for the query editor, who has grown
gray in the acquisition of wisdom and
draws a salary for dispensing it. For
instance, I am asked to give an opinion
as to phrenology. By this term the
ordinary intelligence means craniology,
as taught by Gall and later expounded
by Fowler and others of his school. In
other words, they mean the science of
bumps, which is not a science at all,
but may be a fad or a fraud according
to the understanding of the advocate
thereof. In a general way something
may be told of mental or even of moral
characteristics by the shape of the
skull, yet to dally with the protuber
ances of the dome of thought and essay
from the impression gathered to out
line the worth, the ability and the im
pulses of the subject is, in my estima
tion, as foolish and futile as to feel a
man's biceps and proclaim what he has
eaten for breakfast. The interior sur
face of the skull does not conform to
the exterior surface. The bump on the
outside may be but the visible indica
tion of an osseous thickness fully as
apparent inside. Investigation is ham
pered by the necessity for an autopsy
to determine this point. There are
people with similar heads and wholly
different conceptions of life. There are
people governed by kindred impulses,
yet bearing no cranial resemblance. I
once knew a skeptic to be examined by
a disciple of Fowler, and he was told
that he was lacking in the organ of
veneration. "In fact," said this wise
disciple, "so ftr as religious conception
goes, you are an idiot." Yet this moral
idiot was shortly after that converted
to Christianity and became one of the
most ardent worshipers at the ahrine
of orthodoxy. He developed no new
bumps. There are gentlemen who have,
theoretically, the heads of assassins,
thieves and degenerates, but who are
wholly trustworthy. There are rascals
of saintly conformation, doits with the
brows of a Webster, savants who would
be lost under a No. 7 hat. Therefore,
my faith in craniology is absent. I re
gard it as a little better than palmis
try, because its devotees, with a
strange and interesting confidence,
think that their belief has some basis.
• * *
The same inquirer wants to know the
utility of phrenology in the treatment
of disease. If anybody has an explana
tion I will gladly surrender space to it.
Certainly men have been benefited by
the sudden erection of bumps even by
bo crude an appliance as a rolling-pin.
This however, refers to their moral
betterment.
• * *
Once more I wish to protest against
the lingual abortion, "Varsity." There
is no sense to it, no excuse for it. It
offends the senses. We might as rea
sonably call the great scheme in which
we form a petty part a varse.
« • *
In a fashion so gentle as to hardly be
a rebuke, I am corrected by Editor
Robertson of the Placerville Nugget
for having expressed sympathy for
young Rosser, now on trial here for
murder. However, that expression of
sympathy had no string attached. To
feel sorry for a man is far from hold
ing him blameless. Knowing himself
possessed of a violent temper, readily
Inflamed by liquor, Rosser should have
remained sober. However, the saloon
keepers who sold him stuff no better
than poison must share, morally, the
burden of his guilt. It is notorious
that the volunteer soldiers here were
lured into dives, doped, robbed and
thrown out. In many instances they
were found wandering penniless about
the streets the night after pay day,
crazy and irresponsible, evidently not
the victims of bad whisky so much as
the victims of drugs administered along
with it. That there were so few bloody
escapades was a stroke of good for
tune. However, this is no plea for
Rosser. The matter is in the courts,
the proper place for its adjudication.
• • *
A queer story comes out of Chicago
that women have decided that the silk
skirt must go. They reached this mo
mentous decision at one of the con
gresses which to the feminine soul Is
ever a joy. Similar congresses from
time to time decree that the oorset Is
an evil, the street sweeping dress a
menace to health and destructive of
cleanliness. Undoubtedly the women
are sincere at the moment, but they go
to their several homes, and the first
time they robe for a swell function
have an extra cinch taken in their cor
sets, even if to do so they have to tie
the string to a bedpost. Also they do
not h^.ve the train snipped from the
condemned street raiment, but move
along the pave in trailing majesty,
clearing It of detritus as they go.
Therefore no fears need be felt for the
future of the silk skirt. Long will its
delicately suggestive frou-frou continue
to charm. The silk skirt Is a delight.
The plea that the noise of It racks the
nerves is born of envy. On' the contrary
it soothes the ear. It is charged against
the garment that worshipers are dis
turbed, or the theater audience driven
to frenzy by the racket the tardy lady
makes upon entering. The lady her
self Is to blame. She has no business to
be tardy. Let the fault rest upon her
and not upon her innocent bedecking.
Civilization has not reached that stage
at which it can spare the shimmer of
the visible skirt nor the silken rustle by
which its presence is announced. The
proposed war would not only be fool
ish but useless. Let the ladies get the
notion that the congregation notes the
By HENRY JAMES.
noise of their incoming, and two silk
skirts will grow where there is one
now.
* * •
The matter-of-fact way In which
great problems are referred to this de
partment would be flattering if they
brought with them any assurance of
ability to furnish the solution. A letter
has just been received asking for an
expression of views as to woman's
rights, woman's suffrage, their mutual
relation, and the relation of both to
the home and to society. One objection
to discussing these matters is the im
possibility of saying anything new con
cerning them. They came into exist
ence in some form shortly after Adam
lost a rib, and varying to suit different
conditions have been in existence ever
since. Probably when the heavens
phall roll up as a scroll and the light of
regions beyond be shed directly into the
material universe its first ray will
search out an advocate of woman's
rights, and the music of the celestial
choir drow> with difficulty the vocife
ration of her opinions. Another objec
tion is that people holding certain views
concerning the subject continue to hold
them. Reason cannot shake them, nor
eloquence appeal. However, the ide,as
of an humble individual, while possess
ing absolutely no value in themselves,
can do no harm, so here goes. If a
woman desires to vote, I cannot think
of an excuse for preventing her, save
the personal regard it is natural for
men to hold towartf her. By asking the
privilege of voting she mars a high
ideal, steps into an atmosphere where
the barriers of veneration which now
shield her are threatened. If she exer
cises the ballot these barriers are swept
away. No person of sense would de
prive a woman of her rights. This is
far from meaning that every man of
sense would eneourr~~ her in an ambi
tion to vote. Women now have every
right, except that of going to the polls.
This would have been given to them
long ago had the best interests of the
nation and of the home demanded it.
Instead of having to seek it, it would
have been thrust upon them. The Su
san B. Anthonys and Anna B. Shaws
are not fair specimens. They have none
of the instincts which make women be
loved of men, lead to the establishment
of the home and gladden the household
with affection that increases with
years. Women have a right to defer
ence and protection. Would they for
feit it? They have the right of reigning
queen over the domestic circle. They
have the right of forming their chil
dren into good and useful citizens. In
many instances this carries with it un
restricted participation in comforts and
luxuries earned and gladW bestowed by
the man. It is his to provide 1 . Certainly
in this joint partnership she should
have equal voice, and usually this is
granted without thought of it being a
concession. In a thousand ways women
are taught that men esteem them.
Even so small a thing as the surrender
of a seat in a street car has its signifi
cance. It is not because men think
women inferior that they object to the
extension of suffrage, but for exactly
the contrary reason. They do not want
woman to come down from her lofty
estate. They want her to remain where
she is, so that she can remain what she j
is. In Colorado, a State in which the |
average of intelligence is high, the j
women can vote as freely as the men. I
The experiment has proved a dismal j
failure. An excess of gallantry, an
overplus of Anthony and Shaw,
brought about the arrangement, and
now the discovery Is made that the
women do not care to vote. They are
not interested in politics, and I hope
they will never be. A man engages in
politics only at the peril of his reputa
tion; he has less to lose than a woman.
If the time ever shall come when the
mothers and wives ask for suffrage
th^y will get it. They can have any
thing it is in the power of man to give.
If they will observe narrowly they will
ascertain that most a man achieves is
to enable him to make some woman
happy. But a Shaw can have only a
negative influence, unless in excep-
tional circumstances. She is a preacher,
a lawyer and a doctor of medicine, as
well as a lecturer drawing fat stipends.
Yet she has the unspeakable nerve to
mount the rostrum and -<-owl that in
this country her down-trodden sex has
no rights. She is, of course, insincere,
since she cannot be accused of foolish
ness. No concern need be felt for the
shouting Shaws. They can take care
of themselves. But for the true woman,
whatever her station, men have a ten
der and. I believe, unselfish regard.
Therefore it seems to me all this agita
tion is superfluous, that it does no pos
sible good and may easily work ill. Let
women be as they are— sweet, gracious,
superior.
Mormonism seems bent on hara-kiri.
A few years ago the laws on the sub
ject became so strict and their enforce
ment so rigid that the Mormon shunted
his superfluous wives Into the back
ground and made pretense that he was
in a state of single married blessed
ness. Then Utah was admitted as a
State, and the followers of Brigham be
lieved that they were beyond control.
They corraled the stray wives and set
up housekeeping on the old wholesale
plan. Outsiders were not aware of this.
They thought that reform had been
genuine. Thus the polygamists waxed
bold, and, not content with herding the
seasoned wives back to the domestic
pasture, laid in a stock of new ones.
When the time arrived for sending a
man to Congress they selected a polyg
amist whose latest wife was numbered
4 and who had blessed him with a pair
of twins. That his election was an in
sult to the nation, to the decency of its
men and the purity of its women,
needs no saying. Therefore, will the
polygamist be denied a seat in the Con
gress his presence would disgrace and
attention be directed again to the
shameless condition of affairs in Utah.
In the end the erring people will be
driven forth. They do not dovetail
with civilization. Their place is in the
wilderness, where they may be a
statute unto themselves. They had a
chance to mend their ways and ignored
it. Instead of laying aside the degrad
ing customs which make their religion
to be abhorred, they flaunt in the face
of an enlightened people a defiance of
written and unwritten regulations.
Roberts will be refused a seat. So
should all of his kind. But as they will
decline to give up habits disgusting
and unpardonable, in the end they will
seek another place. In this land, where
the integrity of the family relation is
the cornerstone of society, they must
be, so long as they remain, aliens and
strangers.
• • •
Profound as. is human respect for the
dead- instinctively as one bares the
head in the still city where friends and
strangers lie sleeping under the bloom
of flowers, there is something inexora
ble about material progress. Its ad
vance cannot be stopped by a marble
shaft, and the most stately mauso
leum can hardly more than stay it
briefly. In the end the grassy avenue
between the tombs becomes the paved
and noisy street. The dust of those
who rest is removed. The marble shaft
rears itself farther from the haunts of
men. The mausoleum, stone by stone,
is rebuilded in another spot. San Fran
cisco has to face the problem which
sooner or later is met by every muni
cipality, and ever with a single result.
When the interests of the quick clash
with the seeming interests of the dead,
the quick prevail. After all, even from
a sentimental point of view, there are
two sides to the question. Is it not
better that our loved ones shall be
placed ia their final peace far from the
busy haunt, away from the mart of
trade, out of sight of the heedless
passer-by? There is something incon
gruous in the presence of a burial
ground where carts and cars go rattling
by. It should be where quiet reigns,
and if sentiment is to guard our dead
let it guard them against the trespass
of those whose summons has not yet
come. It seems to me a pity that any
more interments should be permitted
in the cemeteries about and beyond
which the city is growing. Their fate
is inevitable. Sooner or later they will
be abolished, as this is so, why,
the sooner the better. There will be all
sorts of hindrances, but they will be
futile. A cemetery does not belong in
the center of population and it cannot
remain there indefinitely. My personal
belief is that there should be no burial,
but that the body should by fire be re
duced at once to its original elements,
rather than undergo the slow process
of decay, causing the danger of corrup
tion to the earth and the air. Never
theless, burials will be continued for
many years,, but at least they should
be conducted with a view to the pro
tection of the living and proper respect
to the dead. This cannot be done while
the burial place infringes upon the
ground where press the feet of the hur
rying, careless multitude.
A WARNING TO KICKERS.
A sad-eyed mule stood in the rain,
Tired was he and sick;
But against all proffered sympathy
He stubbornly did kick.
A cat came up to share his woes,
With mew and gentle purr;
But she, alas! was soon transformed
Into fiddle strings and fur.
A yellow dog next offered to
His trials and troubles share;
And a moment later sausage meat
Was flying through the air.
Then little John, the farmer's son,
Attempted, to his sorrow.
To drive him under shelter, but—
His funeral is to-morrow.
A blinding flash, an awful roar —
He hadn't time to duck it;
No friendly lightningr-rod was nigh —
The mule he kicked the bucket.
— From the Chicago News.
HUMOR OF THE DAY.
A little boat is seen afloat
Upon the moonlit water,
In which a^outh does sit, forsooth,
With his neighbor's daughter.
He hugs the shore a mile or more.
Along the laughing water;
Then lets the boat serenely float
And hugs his neighbor's daughter.
. . . .:. i —Chicago News.
Hattie— You are looking rather pale of
late. Why don't you do as I do. take a
two-mile walk every morning for your
complexion? -.->.
Ella— And do you really do that? I had
no idea it was that far to a dm- store.—
Chicago News.
• "Here," said the hostess, at a recent
Colonial Club function, "I want to intro
duce you to Miss Brinkstone."
xhe gentleman bowed very politely, but
Miss Brinkstone smiled and said:
. "Oh, I guess that Mr. Wandsley and I
hardly need to be introduced to each
other. He is an old friend of mine."
"Yes," he added, "I shall always re
gard Miss Brinkstone as one of the dear
est friends I have. She once declined to
become my wife."
It was several hours later when he suc
ceeded. in guessing why Miss Brinkstone'B
air had suddenly become so cold and dis
tant.—Cleveland Leader.
■ ♦ ■
Cal. glace fru.- 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
■ ♦ ■
Special information supplied daily t<»
business houses and public men by t'aa
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. v •
■ » »
Taber-Prang and Hargreave panels and
medallions, plain and colored, platino
types, etchings, photographs and engrav
ings in old Dutch, old Flemish and bone
black frames with ivory ornaments, mak
ing a most beautiful line of framed pic
tures for the holiday trade. Se? them at
Sanborn & Vail's, 741 Market street. •
■ ♦ .
"Mr. Yabsley, may I ask why you al
ways dip your knife In your glass of wa
ter before cutting your steak?"
"It is a little trick I learned from a fel
low who worked in a rubber factory."—
Indianapolis Journal.
■■m ■ —
SICK HEADACHE ABSOLUTELY AND
permanently . cured by using Mokl Tea. A
pleasant herb drink. Cures constipation ana
Indigestion, makes you eat, sleep, work ana
happy. Satisfaction guaranteed or money
back. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
■ » « — —
He— l don't believe you can tell who la
to be my wife? *  , .
She (blushingly)— haven as.ted ma
yet
And what is more, he Philadel
phia Bulletin.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
YOU?
Are ycu going to lose your
position?
TAKB THE KEELEY
Are you getting deeper into
debt as you get deeper into
drink?
TAKE THE KEELEY
Are you gradually losing
your social standing?
TAKE THE KEELEY
Is it getting harder day by
day to make both ends meet?
TAKE THE KEELEY
TUB KEELEY INSTITUTES,
11T0 Market Street, San Francisco.
Dcnonoe Building.
Lankershlm Building, Third and
Spring Sts., Los Angeles.
Fred A. Pollock, Manager.TRANSPORT
CITY OF PARA
IN A HURRICANE
A Narrow Escape for
Cooks and Waiters.
STEAMER ALOHA RUNS AMUCK
CRASHES INTO A HAY LADEN
SCOW SCHOONER.
Great Labor Saving Device on the
British Ship Norma — Three
Men Can Do the Work of
an Entire Crew.
The transport City of Para arrived
from Manila yesterday after an event
ful voyage. She brought up fifty officers
and men, a few of whom are on the sick
list, the others being on a furlough. Brig
adier General C. A. Whittier, who left
here on the staff of Major General Mer
ritt, returned and leaves for New York
to-morrow. On the 12th inst. the Para
•was caught in a hurricane and was badly
battered. A big sea broke aboard, and
had not the door of the "glory hole" held
that place would have been flooded and
all the cooks and waiters drowned. The
sea did most damage between the main
and hurricane decks. It smashed in two
doors, tore away the railing, lifted the
hurricane deck three inches and did a
great deal of minor damage. A coal
passer named Hillman died three days
ago and was buried at sea.
The steam schooner Aloha while on her
way up Mission Creek to discharge her
cargo of lumber collided with a scow
schooner and did considerable damage
yesterday.
The scow was loaded with hay ana
was discharging her cargo on the hay
wharf. A horse was used to pull the
bales from the schooner's deck to the
wharf and was in the act of hauling
away on the tackle when the crash came.
The scow's bowsprit was carried away,
and all her mooring lines parted. The
hoi'se -was fast to the scow's mainmast
by means of the heaving rope, and as the
vessel was moved along by the force of
the impact the horse had to go, too. When
the mooring lines parted and the schoon
t r moved away from the wharf the horse
was pulled clear overboard. Luckily
there was very little harness on him, so
he was able to swim, and when one of
the deck hands cut the rope that held
him fast to the bale of hay he swam
ashore.
The Samoa was not very much dam
and proceeded to the lumber yard,
while in half an hour the scow was fast
to the wharf again and the horse was
at work hauling away on the bales of
as though nothing had happened.
The British ship Wallacetewn sailed
from Coquimbo for San Francisco yes
... Nearly six months ago she left
Antwerp for this port with a general
. but was caught in a heavy gale
and had her steering gear badly dam-
On October 19 she put into Co
quimbo for repairs, and now she has
ted on h< r voyage again.
The San Francisco schooner J. M.
"Weatherwax from Fort Bragg for Guay
ted aground in one of the
that empty into Guayaquil Bay.
:ii.-d from Fort Bra.se on October
b a cargo of lumber and will prob
-luered and got off without
any troul
The British ship Xorma, which arrived
trom Antwerp on the 16th inst., has
one ol - labor saving devices
• into a sailing ship. By
it three or four men can
or square the yards in a gale of
I do it also in five minutes,
•as when the work had to be done
by manual labor it would take a whole
s crew an hour and a half to accom
. the job.
The arrangement is called the Jarvi-.
patent brace winch, ami la the Inven
tion of Captain Jarvis. who is well known
In this port, having been here on a num
• occasions on the British ship Earl
of Dalhousie. After leaving the Dal
housie he made a trip to Portland as
master of the British ship Duntrune and
rsooh ••. sea to teach navigation
and perfect his brace winch.
A year ago one of the winches was
affixed to the Norma's foremast. It
worked so well that Captain McDonnell
i a another for the mainmast. It was
• board while the ship was loading at
Antwerp, and the crew put it in place
the Xorma got to sea. It proved
tver and made the hano
|p <=o easy that Captain
McDonnell Is <1. -lighted, and when the
-■land he is going to have
a third one for working the yards on the
mizzen put in.
■You Bee, there arc three purchases on
the machine," said the mate yesterday,
"and with it we can handle the Bhip
like a toy. I tell you it is a blessing.
In the old days when it was blowing off
Horn and we came to wear ship,
didn't we catch it? One minute we would
be rolling in the scuppers, the next our
brains would be almost knocked out
with a flying rope, and then the end of
races would persist in getting out
through some of the holes and then there
would be the devil to pay. Finally when
fot the ship around and if it was
right I would have to go aloft to see that
>rds were braced up sharp. Now
three men can go to the winch and, lift
ing the brake, can swing the yards around
In five minutes. No matter how the wind
blows or how heavy the sea, it makes
difference. All three yards are.
trimmed at the same moment without
any funs or danger. Our men like it so
well that we have not had a single de-
Bertion since we made port.
< tfflcer George W. Lake, 'the handsom
est man on the water front," was best
man at a marriage last Friday night. The
happy couple were Mrs. Marie Weadon
of Albany, N. V.. and August A. Fischer
of Dixon. Cal.. and the ceremony took
place at the home of Mr. and Mrs. Lake,
69 Hardy street. The parlors of the
home were beautifully decorated for the
occasion, and the Rev. William Rader
made the happy couple one. Among those
present were: Mrs. Captain Leland, Mr.
and Mrs. John Hoyle, Mr. and Mrs.
Waugh, Mr. and Mrs. George F. Samp
son Miss Nellie Fischer, Miss Elvina
Juilerrat, Miss Cecil Cotton, the Misses
Hattie and Ida Sampson, Miss Ida Pul-
Un Colin Foster, Henry Fischer, Carlton
Weadon and James Lake. The maid of
honor was Miss Hattle Sampson. The
happy couple will make their home at I
Mr Fischer's ranch, near Dixon.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
AND TUMOR HOSPITAL. IllSilili
THE MOST WONDERFUL DISCOVERY OF THIS AGE.
■ Thousands cured already in California. No cutting out. The cancer is killed
and drops out in abont seven days without any pain. The place heals quickly.
Reader Remember— Any lump in a woman's breast' is cancer, and if allowed to
get large never fails to poison the glands in the arm-pit. When the cancer in the
arm-nit gets large, a cure is impossible. ''/.-' -j{'- "• , ... ...
The face and lower lip are also very common places for cancer, especially with
men. They poison quickly from the lip to deep glands of the throat
on DACE BOOK sent free with addresses and testimonials of hundreds
curedT Ort the book and write to them. Trust your life with none but a .
TtSSS^€V s KiSSSS.^
O K. JIIAIVILIT, 111. U. San Francisco, Cat.
*©-PLEASE SEND THIS TO SOME ONE WITH CANCEB-« \
IBERG WAS,
AS USUAL,
INVINCIBLE
His Great Work De
feats Santa Cruz.
RIGHT TO PLAY QUESTIONED
LOOKS AS THOUGH FAVORITISM
IS DISPLAYED.
Burge Makes the Greatest Catch of
"iears, While the Stands Ap
plaud Him to the
Echo.
By Joe Corbett.
Six days ago, at Recreation Park, the
Athletics and Sand Crabs competed. For
ten long innings they struggled and
fought midst the cheering of multitudes,
only to have the contest declared a draw
by "Umpire McDonald. The score at this
moment stood 6 to 6. The game was hard
and earnestly played, but the fates were
against the men. Darkness set in and
McDonald, as heretofore mentioned, called
the contest with the even score, inflicting
no damage on any one save, possibly, in
the chances the patrons of the game
might have had of witnessing one of the
greatest games of the year. This the
contest promised to be had the fates al
lowed It to proceed. However, they were
generous enough in giving these same two
clubs an opportunity to clear the doubt
that existed in all minds as regards which
team was the better.
yesterday they crossed bats again, and
the Athletics vanquished the Sand Crabs
by the very close score of 3 to 1. It was
not, however, the same Athletic team that
played on Sunday last. They were mighty
in the box yesterday; on Sunday they
were not. The doubt still exists rather
than is silenced. The clubs will have to
meet on the same footing as they did in
that memorable ten-inning contest before
basebalidom will draw final conclusions.
But how is it, asks every one, that Mr.
lberg so mysteriously and suddenly be
came a member of the Athletic team?
How is it, ask these same fans, that Iberg
is permitted to roam from one team to
another at will? Until yesterday he was
indisputably a member of the San Fran
ciscos. He has played in over ten games
with that organization and why he should
be allowed to bob up so serenely and at
such an opportune time is a question I
should like to have explained. It really
looks to me like a put up job to defeat
the Sand Crabs out o£ second money. My
conjectures may be wrong, and if they
are but one conclusion can be arrived at
and it is simply this: The league is man
aged as though a crowd of children was
at its head. In fact, from this late and
most opportune move of Mr. Iberg I am
inclined to believe that a fe-w school boys
could do better.
The league apears to be as devoid of
system and discipline as ft was about
three or four months ago. Just think of
it. A team has a chance for second
money and deliberately takes one <3f the
best twirlers in the league from anothei
club to insure this chance. The league
board, if there happens to be any such
body in existence at the present time,
should put its foot on this sort of thing
and send Mr. Iberg back to where he
came from.
It is not fair or just to permit him to
roam where he pleases and where he can
render sume team invaluable service.
With these two teams fighting for second
place it certainly looks bad, very bad, to
Bee a man of the ability Iberg possesses
going to the assistance of one of the
< lubs. In my opinion the Sand Crabs
have a tremendous kick coming.
1 had almost forgotten about the game,
yet. recollect mentioning that the Athletics
emerged the victors, thanks to Mr. Iberg.
This player, as usual, was almost invin
cible. His work through the entire game
was of th« order that wins nine times out
of ten. The Sand Crabs, try as they
would, could do no better than score one
run, and this from a baseball view strict
ly was a pure gift. With Strieb on third
Whalen started to steal from first to sec
ond. Ldhman threw to second, and Han
ley, who received the ball, paid no at
tention to Strieb, contenting himself with
tunning down Whalen. Had he been on
ihe alert and quick at all he could have
prevented Strieb from crossing that plate,
but Blockera has a poor arm and does not
in consequence care to display his throw
ing propensities. This is the reason why
the Sand Crabs manaßf-d to secure one
measly run. They should have been shut
out, but the beating as it stands is severe
enough.
Again, they did not play up totheirusual
form. Whalen, who occupied the pitcher's
department, was alarmingly wild at tne
outset. Three men were given free trans
portation to first in the inrtlal inning ow
ing to his inability to locate the plate.
Alter filling the baserf, however, he pulled
himself together and allowed only one
run. In the next inning two more were
scored off him. Yet the blame cannot be
laid directly ;it his door. From then on he
did well, but was supported in a most
wonderful manner by Sir Burge, the acro
batic right-fielder. This individual cov
ered himself with so much glory that he
was barely visible. To him must be given
the credit of making the greatest catch
Been in California in years. With one man
out, Johnson hit a long drive into right
center. With a burst of speed as wonder
ful as was the catch, he started for the
ball, and Just as it w.us about to disappear
In the seats erected for the purpose of
accommodating the football cranks leaped
in the air and brought it down with nis
ungloved hand. Immense applause greet
ed the performance, and it c*ontinue'l
every time the boy came near the stand.
Later on in the contest he made another
sensational catch and threw to the piute,
both of which performances received tu
muituous applause.
Outside of Burge's great work, the play
ing of the Sand Crabs, while steady at
times, was nothing to really brag about.
Their opponents outplayed them at all
stages save in right garden; yet it is a
question whether they would have won
with Fitzpatrick in the box. Laying asidf 1
the Iberg episode, the game was a clever
on« and interesting. Those who saw it
were not dissatisfied by any means; but
the crowd was awfully slim. To-day
however, it will improve. The score is
as follows:
SANTA CRT'Z.
AB. R. CH. SB. PO. A E
■Williams, 8. 8 5 0 1 0 3 3 'q
Ijonlin, 1. f 5 0 0 0 1 1 0
Devereaux, 3d b 2 0 0 1 1 2 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
Strieb, c. f 4 12 13 0 0
Whalen. P 2 0 0 0 2 2 0
C. Daubenbls. c 3 0 0 0 4 3 0
Arrellanes. 2d b 4 0 113 2 1
Burge, r. f 4 0 10 3 11
Fitzgerald, Ist b 4 0 1 0 7 0 1
Totals 33 1 6 3 28 15 3
ATHLETICS.
AB. R. BH. SB. PO. A. E.
McCarthy. 1. t 5 0 0 12 0 0
Hanley, 2d b 3 1 0 1 3 2 0
Meaney, c. f 3 0 0 0 0 0 0
Stultr, s. s 8 0 0 0 3 4 0
Hilderbrand, r. f 3 0 0 0 3 0 0
Johnson Ist b 4 0 0 0 7 0 0
MoLaughlln, 3d b 4 0 12 111
Lohman, c 4 1117 10
Iberg. p 4 110 12 0
Totals 33 3 3 5 27 10 1
RUNS BY INNINGS.
Santa Cruz 0 0 0 0 10 0 0 o—l
Base hits 0 0 12 10 0 0 2—62 — 6
Athletics 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
Base hits 0 1 2 0 0 0 0 0 o—3
SUMMARY.
Earned runs responsible for— lberg I, Whalen 1.
Two-base hit — Strieb. Bases on errors — Santa
Cruz 1, Athletics 3. Bases on balls— Santa
Cruz 3, Athletics 3. Left on bases— Santa Cruz
8, Athletics 6. Struck out— By Iberg 5. by Wha
len 3. Hit by pitcher— Hilderbrand, Devereaux.
Passed ball— Daubenbls. Wild pitch— lberg.
Time of game— One hour and 30 minutes. Um
pire—McDonald.
SANTA CRUZ VS. OAKLAND.
They Will Play To-Day at Recrea
tion Park.
The Sand Crabs will endeavor to redeem
themselves to-day in their game with the
Oaklands. Yesterday's defeat was taken
to heart by them, and they are out red hot
for revenge. Those, therefore, wishing,
to see a game for blood should be present.
The line-up is as follows:
Santa Cruz. Positions. Oakland.
Donl in Pitcher Mosklman.
Daubenbls Catcher Sullivan
Fitzgerald First base BlUs
Arrelanes Second base O' Neil
Devereaux Third base Lange
Williams Shortstop Schmeer
Strleb Left Held Billings
Whalen.... Center field Hanlie
Burge Right field Donavan
School Department Scandal.
Burns, O'Brien and Swift, charged with
complicity in the School Department lura-
FINISH BETWEEN CROMWELL AND WHEEL OF FORTUNE,
ber steal, pleaded not guilty before Judge I
Cook yesterday. Prier to the arraign
ment of the prisoners defendants' coun- \
Be] asked that the prisoners be dis
charged, as there was no legal ground
upon which to hold them. The motion
was denied and the accused were ar
raigned.
. ♦ ■
CONSUMPTION CURED.
An old physician, retired from practice, had
placed in his hands by an East India mission
ary the formula of a simple vegetable remedy
for the speedy and permanent cure of Con
sumption. Bronchitis, Catarrh, Asthma and all
Throat and Lung Affections; also a positive
and radical cure for Nervous Debility and all
Nervous Complaints. Having tested its won
derful curative powers in thousands of cases,
and desiring to relieve human suffering, I will
send free of charge to all who wish It, this re
cipe, In German, French or English, with full
directions for preparing and using. Sent by
mall by addressing, with stamp, naming this
paper, W. A. Noyes. S2O Powers block, Roches
ter, N. Y.
. ♦ »■» ■
PHILBROOK S PETITION DENIED.
! Is Refused Permission to Practice in
the Supreme Court.
Horace W. Philbrook, the ex-attorney,
has received another setback at the hands
of the Justices of the Supreme Court. In
! 1895 he did not like a decision of one of the
: Justices (Harrison), and In a brief filed
with the clerk of the court made disre
spectful reference to the gentleman on the
i bench. For this he was haled before that
i tribunal and disbarred from practicing
! there again. For a long: time -Attorney
! Philbrook amused himself by writing
| pamphlets, in which he scored the mem
1 bers of the Supreme bench in a rough
! manner. The disbarred lawyer recently
i made another effort to obtain forgive
j ness in the following language:
! To the Supreme Court of the State of Cali-
I fornia: I request that the Judgment of dis
• barment made against me in this proceeding on
the sth day of January, 1595, be vacated, and
that this be done in suitable and Just language
to be published in the California Reports.
"> uc * HORACE W. PHILBROOK.
Dated Nov. 19, 1898.
For one week the petition was in the
hands of the Justices, who yesterday re
turned it to the clerk with this terse
answer: "By the court— Petition denied.
Beatty, C. J." •
.. ♦ i
WILL LEAVE BACON PLACE.
| The Notorious Women Getting Tired
of Being Arrested.
The eighteen women arrested In Bacon
place Friday night appeared in Judge
Conlan's court yesterday and their cases
were continued till Wednesday They are
out on $1000 bonds each. Their attorney
asked that the amount be reduced to $500.
but the Judge declined. Bond Inspector
Newman reported to the Judge that in his
opinion me bonds were all right.
The action of the Judge in determining
to continue arresting the women so as to
close up the houses has practically had
the desired effect, as they told Secretary
Kane yesterday morning that they would
vacate the houses, as they were getting
tired of being arrested.
■ ♦ •
John A. Kennedy,
Late manager for W. H. Nolan & Co., is
now asßociated with Nolan Bros.' Shoe
Co Phelan building, 812-814 Market street,
where he would be pleased to have his
I many friends call on him.
Mr. Reimer Was Not Bobbed.
The widow of Julius Reimer made a
search last Friday evening in her home
and found the missing sack of gold con
| taining 11400 which she thought had been
' stolen from the body of her husband. It
! belongs to a client of the deceased, and
I when Mrs. Reimer called at the Morgue
on Friday to view her husband's body
she was under the Impression that he
! had taken the bag of gold with him from
the house.
A Crowd of Witnesses.
About fifteen witnesses in the Botkin
case — the party, with several friends, oc
cupying one car — will leave New Orleans
on the first westbound trip of the Sunset
Limited on Thursday next, and are due
to arrive here on Sunday, December 4.
j They are all from Dover, Del., and one
[ of the witnesses is 80 years of a«e.
FIRST TENOR
THERE WITH
HIS MELODY
Captured the Valuable
Sunnyside Stake.
VENTORO WAS OFF COLOR
LOS MEDANOS FURNISHED A
FORCIBLE ARGUMENT.
Wheel of Fortune Beaten Out by
Cromwell in an Exciting Fin
ish — Lodestar, an Odus-On
Choice, Second-
The consistent and easy traveling Ven
toro was stopped in his upward flight at
Ingleside yesterday. The brown young
ster encountered First Tenor and Lob
Medanos in the Sunnyside stake at seven
furlongs, and the first named colt knew
his notes too well. It was common talk
that Ventoro was sore and not at his best
and First Tenor had a strong call In the
betting, going to the post a 7 to 10 favor
ite. With all of his infirmities Ventoro
was possessed of a large bottle of speed,
which he uncorked and let flow during the
early stages of the race. Then Thorpe
shook up the favorite and the big chest
nut responded, leading Los Medanos out
a length in 1:28^. The failure of Ventoro
to finish second was a hard blow to the
crowd.
There was nothing particularly enticing
about the card and the attendance was
light for Saturday. Of the favorites three
were returned winners.
THE CALL'S RACING CHART.
INGESIDE RACE TRACK, Saturday, Nov. 26, 1898.— Twelfth day
of the Pacific Coast Jockey Club meeting. Weather fine; track good.
EDWIN F. SMITH, Presiding Judge.
JAMES F. CALDWELL, Starter.
O(2"7 FIRST RACE— Five furlongs; selling; two-year-olds; purse, $400.
Index. Horse.
Weight. !
Mm.
%m.
Str.
255 Lilmewater V
243 Sam McKeever li
(243) Rlu Chlco X
249 Almoner 1
243 Stamina 1<
(247) Jerry Hunt 1(
213 Ocorona V
241 Anchored li
144 Santa Flora !
2
5
3
4
6
1
8
9
7 ■'
3 1H
6 3
2 2
4 2
7 1
1 1
8 6
9
6 h
2 1
5 2
11
4 2
6 IV4
3 V 4
8 6
9.
7 1
1 %
2 %
3 4
4 1
5 1
6 2
7 2
8 5
.9- •
1 ns
3 4
4 2
5 2
6 3
7 3
S 6
9
PtggOtt
Powell
Beau champ ..
Thorpe
a. Martin
Jones
Frawley
J. Relff
IWeber
8-5
3
6
2
10
10
10
4
50
Time, 1:02. Winner, L. G. Smith's b. c. by imp. Quicklime-Bracelet. Good start. W<
flrßt three driving.
With riders reversed, Sam McKeever would have won. When on edge, latter is
smart one. Almoner was outclassed. Ocorona should have shown better form. Jerry Hu
is only a flash in the pan and won't do. Chico ran his race.
Opo SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
%m.
■Sim.
Str.
.
... G. B. Morris, 6 102 3
248 Lodestar, 4 109 1
22<i Anabasis. 4 105 2
254 Jack o' Lantern. 4. .109 4
4
3 h
2 2
1 h
3 h
4
2 2
1 h
2 2
1 1
33
4
1 H
2 4
3 6
4
1 1 H. Martin
215 Thorpe
3 6 E. Jones
4 Bullman
Time, 1:43. Winner, E. Corrigan's b. g. by Longfellow-Queen Beluga. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Thorpe should not have waited with Lodestar. Paste this race against the cover
Q£*Q THIRD RACE— One and a sixteenth miles; selling; all ages; purse $400.
Index. Horse. Age. Weight.
Std.
Urn. %m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
204 Cromwell. 6 104! 2 Ili 1 1 1 2Vii 1 h 210 In [Bullman 9-5 9-5
(191) AVhl. of Fortune. C..102| 3 2^4 3 2 2 1 210 lh 215 !H. Martin 4-5 9-10
40 Adam Andrew, 4. ..102 14h 4h 41 44 32 In Powell 60 200
258 Our Johnny, 4 107 4 32 21« 3 3 32 48 410 Thorpe 6 12
251 Doremus, 2 !*7 5 5 5 5 5 5 6 _JJ. Relff.. 5 g
Time 1:48. Winner, E. W. Purser's eh. h. by imp. St. Blaise-Flavlna. Good start.
Won first three driving.
Martin on the Wheel made his ride tno early. Cromwell was probably best, and got a
good ride. Our Johnny will win unexpectedly. Doremus Is a false alarm.
r*Td"k FOITRTj.. RACE— Seven furlongs; two-year-olds; the Sunnyside Stakes;
Zl 4U» $1200.
value.
Index. Horse.
3m.
%m.
Str.
(203) First Tenor j
249 Ix>9 Medanos
<2iio) Ventoro '
3
2
1
8
2 3
1 2
8
2 1
1 1
3
2 h
1 1
2 1
3
1 h
1 1
2 1
3
t
M 0 7-10
4 9-2
8-5 9-5
Time, 1:2814. Winner, Burns & Waterhouae's b. c. by Falsetto-Pearl Thome. Good start.
Won first three driving.
Ventoro was sore and in no condition for a bruising' race. So handicapped, he showed
to be a rare good one. Medanos run a clever race.
O"7| FIFTH RACK— Seven
; purse, $400.
Horse. Age. Weight.
%m. \m.
Str.
Jockeys.
... Paul GrIKKB, 4 107
258 Yankee Doodle, 5. ..112
230 Cabrillo, 6 112
223 Novla, 3 104
... Major Hooker, 3.... 1061
262 Ballverso, 3 - . .104
! 4
3
5
1
I 2
I 6
3 H
2 h
5 3
1 1
4 h
:.■ 6- -■ ■
I?
2 1
5 6
1 n
4 li
6
3 2
2 1
4 2
1 2
5 12
1
3 3
2 h
4 2
1 1
6 10
6
1%
2 6
3 n
4 8
I 6 8
6
Martin....
lman
elds .......;
Jones
is ..........
1 1
6-5 3-2
5 12
15 8
15 100
20 100
veil
Time, 1:2?%. Winner, P. Dunne's gr. h. by Imp. Order- Lucy Lisle. Good start. Won
easily. Second and third driving.
Grlggs ran kindly and the race should do him good. Novla can beat some lesser lights
at a shorter distance. Cabrillo showed improvement.
i"TO SIXTH RACE— Four and a half furlongs; Belling; maiden two-year-olds; purse,
i 4 -A» .; $400. ■.•■■■ ■ ■ - . . - •-•.■•■• ■ \ ' -' ■■-■■:■' • ;
%m.
%m.
%m.
Str.
Fin.
247 Faversham
247 Silver Bf-aux ',
249 Don't Tell
238 Raclvan
237 My Dear
213 Cheated
247 Abano
4
3
2
5 ;
1 ■'
6
7
5 3
4 h
1 h
3 1
3 1
7
6 2
4 4
53
; 1 h
2 3
3 h : :
6 3
3 1
4 M
.21
l V 4
6 3
•■ 7 :
6 3
1 2
2 V.
3 h
4 1
5 3
6 1
7
IBullman
(Norton
McXlchols ...
Ward
Woods
Powell
ii ,,1.
4
7-5
5
3
5
10
5
4
1
5
9-2
9
30
15
IHouck
Time, :55%. Winner. Plllon & Lyons' blk. c. by Imp. Duncombe-Victress. Good start.
Won easily. Second and third driving*.
The track suited Faversham. He Is not of much account. My Dear ran consistently.
In better hands she might run faster
After many trials and vicissitudes Lime
water managed to win a purse. - Going
into the starter's hands a 9 to 5 favorite
for the opening flve-furlong scramble tor
two-year-olds the colt, through Piggott'a
superior riding, beat Sam McKeever a
nose ' on the wire. Of the others, Rio
Chico was best, and got the show.
The surprise of the day was the down
fall of Lodestar, the 1 to 4 favorite for tne
mile selling affair. Thorpe waited with
him until the midnight hour, and was then
outfooted by. Corrigan's gelding, G. B.
Morris, backed from 7 to 5 to 1. The win
ner covered the distance in 1:43, and if
Lodestar can repeat no better than yes
terday's race would indicate he should be
consigned to the hack service.
The best of society was Sown on Wheel
of Fortune to win the mile and a 'six
teenth run, and "Skeets" Martin sat on
the back of the jaunty matron. Nine to
10 was offered about her, and though she
ran quite up to expectations, Cromwell
ran better, and was first over the line by
a neck. The winner made all the running,
and Jockey Bullman furnished one of his
star efforts. Adam Andrew, at long odds,
was a distant third.
Report had Pat Dunne's gray horse Paul
Griggs taking to his work kindly, and the
seven-furlong event proved quite easy for
him. An even money choice, he forged to
the front the last furlong, and holding
Yankee Doodle, the second choice, safe,
won by nearly a length. Novia, after
cutting out the pace, found the distance
too far, and was led out for the show by
Cabrillo. •
Seven maiden two-year-olds were un
loosened in the concluding race: of tne
day, a four and a half furlong scramble.
Billy Randell's Montana-bred gelding. Sil
ver Beaux, was played from 7 to 5 down
to even money, but succumbed to Faver
sham, which came from the rear, winning
by two lengths. Don't Tell was third.
. ■» ■
Track Notes.
The sale of the Spreckels Stock Farm
yearlings will take place on the evenings
of December 6-7, at Kllllp & Co.'s sales
yard, Market street and Van Ness avenue.
The youngsters, the get of Imp. Idallum,
Eolo, Imp. The Judge and Puryear D, are
a superb looking lot.
Charley Qulnn took his first shy at the
game and cashed a bet or so.
The Rancho del Sierra's yearlings, the
property of Theodore "Winters, will be
sold at Occidental Horse Exchange to
morrow night. At the same time Mod
wena and the balance of the horses In
training owned by R. Hughes will pass
under the hammer.
On Tuesday evening- next the yearlings
from Palo Alto Stock Farm will be sold
by Killip & Co.
Bullman shows great improvement In
his riding of late, and there appears to
be no reason why he shouldn't hold his
own with any of them in a short time.
j '_ ADVERTISEMENTS. '
HAVE YOU TRIEF"
S WAMP=ROOT ?
To Prove Its Wonderful i^^^^^
Merits, Every Reader
of The Cair/MayHave T^BW
a Sample Bottle Sent I [f|f
Physician's mr ' ifl '11
/> I frail DU. RIL'IKUS I nfV
. eat 1 SWAMP-ROOT II
IllC/^r&V/Or*! / i!@! S Kidney, Liver and Bladder I |||}i
Lri3v,wc;i y |s CURE. I Splw
' BH !■! bunt. .
ITI X I MHH DIRECTIONS. I BgjH
r'f*/^ ID Jft |I \/ ral May take one, two or three I] |^f|w
I I Vriil|-r^l j iKr teaspoonfuls before or after |j|gi|i»
» rfg tl^?l i Children less according to age. jIH M»
Ig I g^f^C, «-) I I ''' I^CT I May commence with email j|/S j
V/UI V^O-' Oil InB i! doses and increase to full dose iliW |
I^R II or more, as the case would j|[B|H|
l\ I Q II V • 3 ' This great remedy cures all felB
■ / " . |"( B I kidney, liver, biadder and Uric 11 1
trnTTf"*"™— —"*"**"** BS I) . Acid troubles and disorders I &2S
lIPi I due to weak kidneys, such as [I n|S
I !«AA^Xtf^ E liH I catarrh of the bladder, gravel, I jgg
I_l tGI • I '^i I rheumatism, lumbago and KS
/B " I llraf Bright's Disease, which Is the fiSjfl
1 i\ i\ £* i* i^inil i Rs prepared only by Ickj §j
piaaaer ana m KII<MER & co> %m
Hl* A *_l Ini Sold by all Druggists. IllljlllS
It Is now conceded by eminent sci-
entists that the most important organs
of the whole body are the kidneys.
They filter your blood and work away
night and day, whether you sleep or are
awake.
People are apt to believe that kidney
! disease Is a rather rare disease, but re-
cent discoveries have proven that it is
a most common trouble.
And the proof of this is that most dis-
eases, perhaps 85 per cent, are caused
in the beginning by disorders of the
kidneys.
BECAUSE they fail to filter your
blood.
You cannot be sick if your blood is
p Ure — free from kidney p^i^on and dis-
! ease-breeding germs.
The treatment of some diseases may
' be delayed without danger, not so with
kidney disease.
When your kidneys are not doing
their work it will be manifested by pain j
or dull ache in the back, rheumatic
pains sciatica, sediment in the urine, j
scanty supply. scalding irritation in
passing it, obliged to go often during |
the day and to get up duriner the night, j
uric acid, sleeplessness, nervousness, j
irritability, sallow, unhealthy com- ,
plexion, puffy or dark circles under the j
eyes, loss of energy and ambition.
PRESENTED A
FORGED ORDER
OF RELEASE
Judge Conlan's Name
Was Utilized.
THE ATTEMPT FRt^TRATED
Two of the Trio Are Well Known to
the Police and One of
Them Is an Ex-
Convict.
Through a clumsy attempt to forge the
name of Judge Conlan to an order for the
release of a prisoner three men were yes
terday booked at the City Prison on a
charge of forgery.
Early yesterday morning Policeman
Pyle, whose beat is on Larkin street, over
heard three men talking about forging an
order. He watched them and saw them
enter a saloon on the corner ot Larkin
and Fulton streets. He then went 10 the
City Prison and notified Corporal Parrott,
the doorkeeper, of his suspicions. In a
few minutes the trio called at the prison
and one of them, who was recognized as
Frank Deering, an ex-convict, presented
the order to Parrott while the other two
remained outside. Parrott called them in
and when the order was presented by
Parrott to Desk Sergeant Brown he at
once saw that the Judge's name had been
forged The order called for the release
of Lizzie Hanley, alias Coyne, alias
O'Connor, who was arrested on Thanks
giving day with P. J. Hanley, her alleged
husband, for drunkenness. Hanley at the
time put up $5 for his own release, which
was forfeited. Hanley and Emmet Calla
fhan were the two who remained outside,
n the order drunkenness was spelled
"drunkkinneßß," and instead of writing
"O. R." across the face of the oraer "O.
K." was written.
The trio were locked up in the tanks,"
and yesterday morning the matter was
called to the attention of Judge Conlan,
who instructed Pyle to swear to war
rants for their arrest on a charge of
forgery. The trio told a trumped up
story of being in a saloon on Market
street when an unknown man called them
out and said he would get Judge Conlan
to sign an order for Jfe^which Hanley
paid nim. In half an hcrar the man re
turned with the order and they took it
to the prison. They denied being in the
saloon on Larkin and Fulton streets, but
were subsequently recognized by the bar
tender, who stated that he saw Callaghan
writing out the order.
Deering bears a bad reputation and
Hanley is his equal. The latter is now out
If your water when allowed to remain
undisturbed for twenty-four hours
forms a sediment or settling or has a
cloudy appearance, it is evidence that
your kidneys and bladder need Immedi-
ate attention.
Swamp-Root Is a vegetable remedy,
the great discovery of Dr. Kilmer (the
eminent kidney and bladder specialist),
and has truly wonderful restorative
powers over the kidneys. It will be
found by both men and women just
what is needed in all cases of kidney,
liver, bladder and uric acid troubles.
Swamp-Root will set your whole sys-
tem right.
The best proof of this is a trial, and
nothing could be fairer than the offer
to send a sample bottle of this great
remedy and a book telling all about it,
both sent absolutely free by mail to
any address.
The great discovery. Swamp-Root, Is
so remarkably successful that our read-
ers are advised to write for a free sam-
ple bottle and to kindly mention San
Francisco Sunday Call when sending
their addresses to Dr. Kilmer & Co.,
Binghamton, N. Y.
If you are already convinced that
Swamp-Root is what you need, you can
get the regular fifty-cent and Otte dollar
bottles at the drug stores.
on bonds awaiting his trial in the Su
perior Court on a charge of grand lar
ceny. October 31 he was held to answer
by Judge Mogan. He was accused of
stealing a diamond stud from John F.
Tighe in a saloon on Market street. The
woman in the case is also a notorious
character.
The police would like to know where or
how the blank order of release was ob
tained, as they are supposed to be in the
custody of. the Police Court clerks.
-, ADVFBTISEMENTS.
if y
DOCTOR SWEANY
HE RESTORES LOST VIGOR AND
vitality to weak men. Organs oC
the body which have been weakened
through disease, overwork, excesses or
indiscretions are restored to perfect
health and strep-** through his new
and original system of treatment.
RUPTURE cured b'- his new meth-
od, without knife, truss or detention
from work, a painless, sure and perma-
nent cure. VARlCOrEl,E,hydro-
cele, swelling and tenderness of the
glands treated with unfailing success.
Contagious blood poison in any
of its stages thoroughly eradicated
from the system. I -a die* will receive
special attention for their many ail-
ments. "WRITE if you cannot call.
No charge for advice by mail. He will
also send you a valuable book, "Guide
to Health," free of charge. Address
F. I* SWEANY. M. D.. 737 Market
street. San Francisco. CaL .
Q vim DR. JORDAN'S *«••
n£l Museum of Anatomy
J SMI 1051 1U2XZT ST. tot. 6th * 7th, S. F. CaL
O S B The Largest of 111 kind in tie World.
I^»>\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
IWW) *. Oon«lt»tion tif. *flt« for Too*
W I Philosophy of Marriage.
* <9 . MAILED FRCC.
' ADWATS'S BKADT RELIEF, has stood
unrivaled before the public for 50 years -a* a
Pain Remedy. It Instantly relieves and quickly
cures all Colds, Sore Throats, Influenza, Bron-
chitis. Pneumonia, -Rheumatism. Neuralgia. !
Headache, Toothache and all pains. . Internally ;
for Malaria and all Bowel Pains. All drug slsta."
78
DEAD MARCH
HEARD OFT' AS
BUGLE CALL
Sad the Conditions at
Manila.
INROADS OF DREAD DISEASE
DEATHS AVERAGE THREE IN
NUMBER A DAY.
11l and Homesick Soldiers Yet Com
plain That They Receive No
Reading Matter From
the States.
BY CORPORAL FRED A. HEALY.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
MANILA. Oct. From the dally
papers we receive by each mail we
Bee long accounts of the sickness
and death attending: upon, the army
of Cuba, but never a word is
whispered concerning- the illness preva
lent down here. And yet we have ill
ness, and plenty of it. This. is a land of
promise and pestilence. Fair as the
Garden of the Lord, filled with sun
shine, fruit and flowers, it appears to
the first graze of the traveler from more
northern and more inhospitable climes
an island paradise. Yet in its every
beauty there lies a hidden danger, in
its every perfection there will be found
death. Contagion is on every hand. It |
arises from out the sun-kissed flower
beds that carpet the entire island; it
drops down from the starry heavens in
the gentle mists that shadow the light
of the moon that at night seems to
hang, like a lambent flame, midway
between earth and heaven; it floats
upon the limpid waters of every one of j
the thousand streams that, rising
amid the fastnesses of the blue moun
tains that tower in the interior dis
tance, force their way to join together
In a grand expanse of bay, from which
infected shellfish are drawn and sold
In the markets.
There is sickness in the heat of the
noonday sun, there is death in the mi
asmas of the night. Fever comes with
the dryr.ess; more fever is ail that
is brought with the rains. One sleeps,
eats, walks, drills and passes his whole
existence down in this beautifu!, ac
cursed land in a continual atmosphere
of fever, smallpox and dysentery. The
consequence is that every hospital — and
there are many — is filled tv overflowing,
and the dead march is heard almost as
often as the bugle call. It has got so
that a common query every morning is
as to the number that have answered
the call to eternal assembly the night
before. I say night befure, for it is
when the shadows are the darkest and
the candle flame burns most faintly in
its socket, when the light has almost
faded and everything grows dim, that
the weary spirit of the tired, lonely
Eoldier goes forth to juin the comrades
that beckon to him from the other side.
Fever and dysentery are the most
prevalent maladies, though smallpox
has claimed nine victims out of a total
of only thirteen cases. This is a per
centage of mortality for that disease
that is alarmingly high, and every one
Is congratulating himself on the fact
that apparently the spread of the
disease, owing to the excellent work
which has been accomplished by Dr. A.
P. O'Brien, who is in charge of all the
smallpox cases, has been checked. A
curious fact in connection with the
deaths of those who died from the ef
fects of this evil Is that every one of
them had been vaccinated but a short
time before they contracted the illness
which resulted in their death, and in
each case the vaccination took effect
in a satisfactory manner. This is
something for the medical fraternity at
home to ponder over and argue about.
The other two evils which are most
attendant on our army here — fever
Of a malarial-typhoid nature and
dysentery — while not as terrible in their
results as the dreaded smallpox, yet are
- quite bad enough to become a problem
for the most serious consideration of
our medical staff. The hospitals, as I
said before, are crowded to their ut
most capacity, while hundreds out
side of them are ill and unfit
for duty in their quarters. The
deaths average about thiee every
twenty-four hours, and yet the sickly
season has not commenced. One of the
worst features of illness in this part of
the world :.- thar when the danger of
death has passed the patient does not
recuperate as he would in his own cli
mate. He gets to a certain stage of
convalescence where he is not danger
ously ill, yet where he is very, very
weak and far from well, and there he
remains in a condition that renders him
perfectly useless to his country (should
he be called upon to undergo any active
campaigning, such, for instance, as
preceded the fall of this city), and a
misery to himself, with the f°ar ever
upon him of becoming, like many of
the Spanish soldier he sees loafing
about, anaemic and good for nothing
for the re; t of his life.
There aie hundreds of men down here
r."\v in thu condition I have described
who when they left home were as fine
specimens of young American manhood
as one would wish to B< full of
youth, strength, energy and enthu-
Kia.su . Now they drag themselves
around like decrepit old men, with
their spirit as well as their .strength
gone. A change to th*»ir own climate
will set many of them on their feet
again, but there are many more who,
I much fear, will feel for the balance
of their lives the effects of th<:ir Manila
campaign.
This general illness cannot be as
cribed to any lack of attention on
the part of the medical authori
ties down here. They are doing all in
their power to alleviate distress, but the
Ulnesa Is in the very atmosphere we
breathe, and nothing in th« power of
man can divert it. The medical men
among us complain of the lack of suffi-.
cient supplies. Whether these com
plaints are or are not well founded I
am unable to say, but from what I
have seen I Imagine that the Govern
ment at home has beenfcibout as tardy
in the matter of drugs as it has been in
everything else.
The place is beginning to fill up with
Americans of all sorts, and not a
few women of the best class, offi
cers' wives for the most part, have
already arrived, bringing news of
many more to come in the near future.
Though we of the rank and file are de
barred for the most part from the so
ciety of these good women, yet even
them on the streets and to know
thai they are about is something of a
satisfaction. The Red Cross ladles, un
der the leadership of Mr. Schlott, have
got to work and are doing an immense
amount of good. There are two nurses
who have been with the California
boys from the start, whose labors have j
been unceasing, and who have made J
themselves simply invaluable. They
axe Messrs. Lewis and Waage. They
worked day and night; day in and day
out they kept it up, until the strength
of one, Mr. Lewis, entirely gave out
and he was forced to return home in
I order to save his own life. Waage is
i Btll] with us. He works all day and un
| til far into the night, and seems to be
E'ssed of an iron constitution which
ing can break. Father Doherty,
'aulint priest who accompanied the
is down here, has also been forced
turn to the States, his health hav
ntirely given out. The work done
jth himself and Father McKinnon
.-imply splendid, and by con
\s ith some of the other regimental
men they stand out prominently,
task has been too arduous for
to take hold of and they will
on a mission of comfort and mer
midnight as cheerfully as at any
hour, nor do they care whether it
leads them into the headquarters of a
general or the hospital of the leper or
smallpox patient. Dr. McCarty's hos
pital for the beys of our regiment is
now an established fact out on a pleas
ant site on the seashore in the district
of Hermita, where the salty, strength
giving ocean breezes blow all day and
where the fine accommodations pro
vided fur them and the good atten
tion they ;ire sure to receive will do
all for them that can be done in this
climate. The hospital is large and
comfortable and already all the sick in
quarters have been gathered together
and sent out there. The Scandia is in
the bay and is being put in order to re
ceive patientß, as she is to be used as
a hospital ship. The boys are all figur
ing on an early return home though I
am afraid they will be disappointed
from the 'way things look down here.
Diplomatic procedure is slow and the
weeks are likely to lengthen into months
before the boys see the foggy but be
loved coast of their native shore again.
In the meantime Death goes merrily
on reaping his harvest and when the
official report of the fatalities is re
ceived at home the peans of victory
which are now resounding throughout
the land will be changed to dirges and
the voice of Columbia will be heard
mourning for her children and refusing
to be comforted because they are not.
There is one thing which no one
seems to have thought of. the want of
which is so much felt down here that it
almost amounts to a necessity. That
is good reading matter. Almost every
Vhas an old magazine or a novel or
lying around the house. Thesecould
gathered together and sent down
here where they would be valued at
their weight in gold. If i.ny one starts
any such movement, let him be sure
they are sent in such a way that they
will* to a certainty reach the regiment.
The officers and enlisted men are con
tinually receiving word by letter of
delicacies, comforts and articles of
wearing apparel which have been sent.
Yet they often fail to arrive at. their
destination.
The soldier seems to be legitimate
prey for every one, and comforts which
are meant for loved ones at the front
often go into stomachs still bilious !
with the richness of San Francisco grill
rooms.
A bulletin was posted in front of
the Spanish newspaper office last
night informing the public that the
United States had decided to return the !
islands to the dominion of Spain.
Great was the resultant excitement un
til it was ascertained that the story
was a fake, the Spanish paper merely
attempting a little yellow journalism
and copying the methods of some of its
trans-Pacific contemporaries.
I am not a moralist — far from it — but
there is one thing I would advise
mothers to do in the future, and that
is to keep their sons, if under 20 years I
of age, at home until war reaches such
proportions that it becomes imperative
for all to go. Army life, while it will
do much toward making a man out of
some young fellows, proves the utter
ruination of many. Especially is this
true in the case of boys who are too <
young to have seen anything of dissi
pation at home and who in garrison
in a foreign land are loosed from the ,
leading strings for the first time. There
are few good women of their own race
in the land where they are stationed, j
and even these few are so far removed
from an enlisted man that their In
fluence is not felt; there are no even
half-way decent places of amusement
to which they can s:o; the language
they hear about them is that of a for
eign tongue, thus preventing anything
In a social way with the natives of the
place; there Is no reading material to
be had; there are no games such as
checkers, dominoes, etc., and the few
packs of cards to be found in garrison
are used exclusively for gambling pur- j
poses. In fact, the only places open to j
them for recreation and relief from the
terrible monotony of the barracks are
the saloons and the brothels.
In every army there are many "hard
cases" whom nothing can spoil, and it's j
a dollar to a dime that the young boys ]
fresh from a good home will pick out j
one of these fellows for a chum instead J
of one of the better men, in whose com
pany he would at least learn to dissi
pate with discretion, if nothing more.
The young fellow gets the idea that to
be a soldier he must be a ba;l man, and
the more he 'drinks, carouses, curses!
and gambles the more of a man he is. I
The consequence is that by the time |
his term of enlistment has expired he j
has become a rough of the first water, j
and in many cases a confirmed drunk
ard in the bargain. I don't intend this
for a lecture on morality, for I have j
not been much of a Sunday school i
teacher myself, and penance rather
than preaching should be- in my line.
But I do dislike to see young fellows,
some of v.'horn I knew at home, who
have yet two or three years to go be
fore gettin w out <-f their teens, becom
ing not even fast gentlem n, but com
mon gin drunks and whose lives are
in some instances ruined ere they have
fully commenced. Don't let thosA who
read this artiel» misunderstand me.
Not all nor even the majority of the ;
regiment is going to the demni- j
tion bow-wows. Most of the fellows are
as fine, healthy minded and pure-mor
aled men ns can be got together in the
way a regiment is recruited.
Numerous / lericans are continually
arriving here and looking around
for good apartments on the ground
fioor. The fecundity of ther-e islands j
is surely something surpassing be
lief, minerals lending their treasures
to swell the richness of the ag- ;
ricuitural abundance and the prom- '
ise of a mighty commerce throw- \
ing- a golden halo over all. It is !
a country where, taking the climate j
into consideration, the chances for the ;
prosperity of the posterity of the orig- !
ir.al settler* ai2 excellent. How much
this statement may please those con
templating becoming original settlers I
am unable to pay.
Prosperity or no prosperity the boys
to a man wanl to tret home. Better
fifty years of Sun Francisco than a
cycle of Cathay.
HOSSETHIEF CONVICTED.
Jury Out Just Eight Minutes in
James Keirick's Case.
PHOENIX, Ariz.. Nov. 26.— James JCer- j
rirk was found guilty to-day in the Dls- i
triot Court of grand larceny, he having j
■with William Camoron run off a small i
band ol horses hc-lnr.g-ing to settlers at '
Aqua Catteote. The jury was out ju«t i
pi^ht minutes. KerricK and Camoron
captured by a posse at Bates Mill, J
located within sixteen miles of the inter- j
national boundary line. Kerrlck is said
to have served a long term in San Quen- I
tin Penitentiary.
Sammy Harris a Good One.
CHICAGO. Nov. 20.— Sammy Harris of
Chicago wu.s given the decision to-night
Over Cuspcr LeoVi of New York at the end
of a six-round bout in the gymnasium of
the Chicago Athletic Club. Harris Is a
younger brother of "Kid" Harris, and
this was his first fight before a club of
importance. He fought Leon to a stand
still and In the closing round landed five
times to one by Leon.
THE SAIST FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
FATHER McKJNNON'S GOOD WORK AS
SUPERINTENDENT OF MANILA SCHOOLS
Educational System for the F jli P jnos Which) tf)e California ChaplaiQ
Is Takjog Steps to faithfully Carry Out,
MANILA, Oct. 21.— The above photograph is one recently taken In
Manila, showing Rev. Father McKinnon, chaplain of the California Vol
unteers, in his new position of superintendent of the municipal schools
of this city, surrounded by the able staff of men and women he has gath
ered under his authority, and whose business it is to preside over the dif
ferent schools and teach thj young Filipinos.
The school system- as it exists at present in Manila does not provide
for the teaching of English nor have any other innovations in the order
of things prevailing before the investment of the city been as yet at
tempted. The schools have merely been rescued from the state of chaos
into which everything, both public and private, was thrown by the recent
war, and have again been started on about the same lines upon which
they were run in the days when the Spaniard and not the American was
the master. The teachers' salaries are paid by the United States Govern
ment, as is also the rent of the buildings in which the schools are situated.
The furniture, etc., is that formerly used by the Spanish authorities.
Education has not yet arrived at that point where school attendance is
compulsory, but it will eventually have to be enforced if anything is to
be accomplished, as the laziness of the young Filipino is only exceeded by
the indifference of his parents, the two traits together making a com
bination at which a Hypatia could play and lose. The entire number of
schools in Manila is about thirty, situated in the different districts into
which the city is divided, the average being two teachers, a principal and
1 STOP DRUGGING— THE REPEATED FAILURE OF DRUGS PROVES THAT THEY •
I CANNOT CURE-THAT THEY HAVE NOT THE STRENGTH WHICH YOU NEED.
«£f •" ...... . •. .. .-.- ijz-
IT mmmmaßm _ mm _ ammmmmmil^ mm^_^ i __^ mmmmmm _ m _ mmmm -— mm - ■ If you are a weak man — if you have any weakness of the nerves or organs, and
4* fljßyßHEHßJßi^^^^fe^^M^^BHlßSi^^4 have doctored for it, you know that drugs do not give you strength. The truth is that
4fr P^S^^^^^^^^^W^^^^^^M^^^^^W dru S s never restore the power of the nerves or vital organs.
I l PRACTICED THIRTY YEARS
js? W^^^^^^^^P^ nc^ nsver new a case °^ weakness to be cured by drugging. I then learned that
•i* SRBKii2s9^ N 4ygBHBBiBB drugs only stimulate the nervous system and never give any permanent benefit. I
learned that the foundation of all vital strength was in the electricity which the nerves
4fr /f^^*"" s^^^ contained, and that all weakness resulted from the waste of this electric power. Then
tEI ll^l Wm DR * ? AI r)EN ELECTRIC BELT -
"^ f^ot^^^^^^ V constructed it so that it gives a steady flow of electricity into the nerves while
4? PlPiiiiPlip W^^^^^^W? c P a tient sleeps at night. The current is perceptible every moment, and can be regu-
<n^^^^^^^M. The Greatest men in the world oi medicine and science say "ELECTRICITY IS
l! LIFE " !t is the stren § th ' the vi g° r ' and » in fact - the very life in the body. With my
Dr " Sanden ' s Electric Bslt J have cured io.oooAveak men* during the last five years—
S men who had been able t0 get no beneflt from Many of these cases were pro-
nounced incurable by the doctors who had failed to cure them. But they have been
{ THERE ARE THOUSANDS OF CURES LIKE THIS: (jG\
4+ UNION HOUSE, SACRAMENTO COUNTY, CfAL.. . «^^%^&i> I
•3 ■ DR. A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: The Bolt received from you sometime ago has proved a Godsend to me. It has done . i, // \j£* vJE§ \\\^> it ,f
J& wonders for me, and baa put my wife in better health than she ha"s been for years. She has gained in strength and feels » X \\\vvi,/ yr* i^^mTHrmm^^un'////^/' ■
T. us good as she could wish. It has completely cured me of weakness and am strong in every way, and feel as well as I Vi O^V I : —^^WLj^^." J»ißSS^*7^v- / *.
«£* ever did. The Belt has done what doctors and patent medicines have failed to do, and think it a cheap cure, as I had V. \ V\/,7 jy^/Jfifflr I hh! llii^7 MK^S^P- V I y
Z. spent over $200 trying to get relief for myself and wife. I feel very grateful, for God only knows what I suffered before \\V\ Wj^mS W f/t /ljiiiifT-^f I w^HKM Vw\ All// ,
•f< trying the Belt. I had about given up hope and was sick and tired of trying different things with the same result. I can- \vjNX^\\iisjift\ v jNX^\\ii5jifti | Mf".a /#^««^JiiaMHL * iM ?&&.'///^~S
II , not tell you how I feel toward you, but will do all I possibly can to make known the good I have received from your Belt , Z^Si/7, , TxkiiA #T JrVj >"^' X\. Ms&*^\'/s^
•54 and advice. You can use this letter as you like and can refer anyone to me you wish, and I will easily prove what I ,-. VMfIL im %Af .■ *■ VMf v « I^V^ 1
t say is true. Wishing your Belt the success it deserves, I remain, yours very truly, J. W. YELNIC. ~~7^\ WM / War f' » \^fisiiil\V^ F^
I. • CALL AND SEE THIS BELT.
*& • You can learn a!! about it in ten m nutes. It is. simple, but grand. You can test it and feel its BHllfl^^^^^^^^^^^^^N'r
4* power, and when you understand it you will want it. You will know that at last you have found vi^or, lirll^lriß^^i^^S^^^^^l* B/ 1 Pi
4* health and happiness, if you cannot call send at once for my free book, "THREE CLASSES OF MEN," iiilllK l&^j^sJS^^ iS^%&Slgslvai pr
A or "MAIDEN, WIFE AND MOTHER." Book for either sex. They are FREE. They explain how 1 cure WM^
J: weakness, show why medicine cannot cure it, and give volumes of proof. Call and test the powerful > '
current this wonderful Belt gives and see how easily it is regulated. Don't be ignorant of a remedy /l\/^/lfX\\\^^\
*^ which may correct all your past mistakes and assure your future happiness. If you cannot call send for ' / t\ \
*§* my book. Call or address 7 I \
f^K* T\ HP" EL NTIIPN 702 Market Street, I not in drug stores.
7 ,JL-*f.*7V;_» ..*-%>_• M • *"- P^-^ A * *—^ A f Cor. San FranCiSCO. Dr sanden's Electric Belt is never
*$♦ Office Hours— a. m. to Bp. m.; Sundays, 10 to 1. Branches at Los Angeles, Cal., 232 West Second street; Portland Or 253 Washington street; sold In drug. stores nor by traveling
Jt^ - Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; Dallas, Tex., 285 Main street; Butte, Mont., 110 North Main street. ;• agents— at our office.
BY CORPORAL T. A. HEALY.
SPECIAL CORRESPONDENCE OF* THE C/=l£-I-.
one assistant, to each school. Schools for boys and girls are run separate
ly, the one being presided over by male and the other by female teachers.
These teachers are for the most part mestizos, that is, they are of half
blood between the island aborigine and some other race. The second half
may be anything from Chinese to Esquimaux. They are all fairly well
educated in both Spanish and native and not a few of them are highly
polished, having received the finishing touches to their educations in the
best colleges and convents of Paris and Madrid. It is nothing unusual to
drop into the home of one of the better class mestizo families and be en
tertained by excellently sung French, Spanish and Italian operas, the fair
singer playing with excellent skill and technique her own accompani
ment on the piano, reserving her accomplishments on harp or guitar for
a later hour, when the moon lends its enchantment to songs of a less diffi
cult, yet more pleasing nature.
These teachers take kindly to the new order of things, and it will be
only a short time before the First California Volunteers can point with
pride to an excellent school system, of which the energy and executive
ability of their chaplain have made them able to boast.
Father McKinnon is greatly assisted in this department of his work
by Private Figuero, whose services as an interpreter are well-nigh invalu
able. Private Figuero hails from San Jose and is an old student of Santa
Clara College, at which institution, by the way, Colonel Smith and Father
McKinnon also .supped from the chalice of learning.
DARK PICTURE IS
DRAWN BY BUTLER
Havana Described as a
Pesthole.
FILTH, SQUALOR, DESTITUTION
POORER CLASSES WHO MUST RE
CEIVE AID.
The Evacuation Commission Thinks
All Spanish Troops Will Have
Departed Before the Date
Fixed in Agreement.
Sp/clal Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 28.— General M.
C. Butler of Smith Carolina, a member
of the Cuban Evacuation Commission,
arrived ip-day from Havana in re
sponse to a telegraphic summons from
President McKinley, and this afternoon
he had a two hours' co-nsultation with
the President at the White House.
General Butler gave it as his opinion
that all the Spanish troops will have
departed ten days before the date fixed
in the agreement. He says the Span
iards have met the American Commis
sioners with reasonable fairness, and
that there has been little friction. Some
of the claims they have made for com
pensation for Spanish property have
been ridiculous and they will, of course,
be abandoned in the end. General But
ler denies all the reports of dissension
among the members of the American
Commission.
General Butler is of the opinion that
the military government must be con
tinued for some time, but that it should
only be as rigorous as may be neces
sary to preserve order. He thinks the
Cubanß are ambitious for self-govern
ment and anxious to avoid friction with
the American authorities. If military
control is exercised with discretion he
believes there will be little trouble.
One of the most troublesome features
of the situation is the criminal class,
and the difficulty of determining, in the
case of prisoners who are incarcerated
for political offenses and who for crime.
There has existed in Havana in the
past an oath-bound organization on the
order o-f the Italian Mana, known as
the Nenigo, which was a source of ter
ror to the inhabitants. One of the few
commendable acts of Weyler was the
deportation of about 700 of the members
of this organization to the penal colony
of Ceuro. But fears are expressed that
these criminals may return or that the
order may be revived by some of those
who were not deported.
General Butler describes the sanitary
condition of Havana now as a pesthole,
filled with unmentionable filth, squalor
and destitution. The Spanish authori
ties have, however, agreed to inaugur
ate the work of putting the city in
sanitary condition, with the aid of the
municipal authorities, and work to this
end is to begrin at once. General Butler
paints a dark picture of the destitution
among the poorer classes, and says it
will probably be necessary for us to
furnish some aid to the starving
wretches.
Nimes, hla birthplace, is going to
erect a monument to Alphonse Daudet,
and is raising part of the money by
menas of bull flgftts.THESE DEATHS
LITTLE LESS
THAN MURDER
Heavy Mortality at
Manila.
MISMANAGEMENT APPARENT
MEDICAL DEPARTMENT NEEDS
OVERHAULING.
Censor Prevents the Sending of
Cablegrams Giving the Real
Condition of the
Troops.
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
MANILA, Oct: 11.— How far the pol
ing the truth is going to
help the future of the men who are in
charge down here is a question for the
future to deternvne. Cablegrams may
nsored as closely as cables were
never censored before, even by the gen
eral commanding, and so long as letters
are not subjected to the same process
the truth is only delayed a little. It
comes out. The American people have
;i ritrht to know. .. lsq, the American
people will know. And if the letters of
accredited correspondents were to be
censored from now to the crack of
doom, still it would be impossible to
censor an entire army. The letters of
14,000 men pouring into America like a
flood by every mail will tell in each
home of a soldier lad the story of the
soldiers' view of conditions at Manila.
My esteemed friend. Colonel Thompson,
press censor, realiz this. He would
cheerfully permit me to cable whatever
I liked, only there is the question of
policy coming In, and he does not dare
POSTUM CEREAL.
TWO PRETTY SCHOOLGIRLS
Being Slowly Poisoned to Death by
Coffee— A Mother's Story.
"Our daughter Maud gradually be-
gan to show more and more nervous
trouble during her school days last
spring, and it came to such a pass that
she was not making the progress de-
sired, and was so terribly nervous that
except by the utmost effort she could
not pit still, or get her mind upon her
work. One evening I asked her what
in the world ailed her, and told her to
put her lesson aside until morning, so
j^JiS^^^
MRS. NELLIE A. VOSBURG,
Indianola, lowa.
that she could rest. She said, 'No,
mother, I must get this lesson to-night
and be up early to get another in the
morning. I don't know why it is,
but I have been falling behind my class
for over six months, and I must work
in order to graduate this spring. I be-
lieve I will go and make me a cup of
strong coffee, that will brace me up. 1 So
a good cup of coffee was made and
Maud got through with her lessons at
11 o'clock.
"The next morning I heard a rattling
nt the stove about half-past 4 and went
down to find Maud there building a
lire. She said she could not sleep and
that she had to study, so she thought
she would make some coffee, as it help-
ed her the night before. I went back to
. ith a heavy heart, for there was a
thought of danger creeping in. Step by
my mind went back over the last
and the acts of our dear daughter
during that time passed before me like
a panorama. She used to be so well
and happy, but now she acted as if she
was almost crazy with nervousness and
a wreck of her former beautiful self.
It dawned upon the mother's mind that
Maud was fading away, and, looking to
God, I breathed a silent prayer to the
dear father to save my child.
"The next morning I started nut to
consult the family physician, but Just
at the door I met a neighbor's daugh-
B h"r way to school. A year ago
this young lady had been confined to
her bed for months with nervous pros-
tration, and it was whispered about
that if shft lived she wouid be likely to
her mind. Her parents sent her
to a village near by. and this
he first time I had seen her since
her return. I saw that she was the pic-
ture of health, and I said, 'Why, Fan-
aie Prayer, what have you been doing
with yourself? I never saw such a
Change in my life. She answered,
•Why you know I finally found out
that "the coffee I was drinking was ruin-
intr me, and when I got out to auntie's
she took the coffee away entirely and
gave me I'<stum Cereal Food Coffee.
That Is the only thing I have had, and
you can see what the result is. I am
Just as well as I can possibly be, and
getting along beautifully with my
School work.'
"I was so deeply impressed with Fan-
nle's experience and her former condi-
tion tallied so closely with Maud's that
I abandoned my proposed trip to the
physician's and went instead to the
grocer's and secured a package of Pos-
tum. That night Maud had Postum
Food Coffee instead of .offee and the
next morning the dear child said she
had slept and was very much refreshed.
The effect was so Instantaneous that I
was very mu'h surprised and feared
perhaps there might be some medicines
in I'oßtum, but I have since been assur-
ed that it contains no medicines what-
ever, but that on the contrary it is
made of pure cereals, so handled by
skilled exports in its manufacture that
the delicate small particles of phos-
phate of potash are retained in a natu-
ral state as found in certain parts of
the cereals, and that this, together with
the albumen in food, goes quickly to
work to rebuild the nervous system.
Our daughter has been saved to us. She
graduated with honor, and instead of
the nervous wreck she was at one time,
she is now the picture of bounding
heilth.
run counter to the will of his superiors.
It is a matter of common notoriety
here that the medical department
of this army has been and is being
sadly mismanaged. What is to be
gained by keeping this truth from the
people at home? On the contrary, much
is to be gained by making the fact
known. This army is losing more men
now by disease than it ever lost in bat
tle, and if so small a thing as a change
of management will. remedy this condi
tion, then in God's name let us have
the change. Colonel Lippincott, who is
the medical director, is a lovable old
gentleman. He does not mean any
harm. His intentions are all of that
kind going to make up the pavement of
hell. At the same time he does not
seem able to grapple with the problem
confronting him in a way to give men
confidence that the solution rests in
his power. Colonel Lippincott is an
army doctor, strong solution traditions
wer. Colonel Lippincott is an
doctor, strong in the traditions
of the army. That, ossibly, is the rea
son he overlooks men in the volunteer
service whom years of practice have
fitted to grapple with the ills that af
flict the men here now, and placed the
direction of his hospital for the most
part in the hands of young regular
army men, whose experience at army
posts has been of the kid glove and
lancers kind. Anybody who knows any
thing about the regular army in time
of peace knows how much and how lit
tle the practice of a doctor at an army
post amounts to. There may be a few
Ithe practice of a doctor at then,
t amounts to. There may be a few
es of cramp colic now and then, a
case of delirium tremens say once a
year, an accidental shooting and now
and again a birth in the married quar
ter. The regular army doctor who can
select a sergeant writing a good clerky
hand and capable ef keeping up his re
ports in excellent shape is esteeemed a
cracker-jack by his superiors. Of gen
eral practice he .mows nothing at all.
And it is general practitioners, not sur
geons, who are wanted here now. VV c
have, as the readers of The Call know,
some of the most talented physicians of
San Francisco with the volunteers here.
The question of rank has nothing to do
with it What difference does it make
to a man suffering from typhoid or
smallpox or dysentery whether the man
who prescribes for him has one bar or
an eagle on his shoulder straps?
And the way the medical supplies
have been purchased and the way they
have been doled out is a scandal of
itself I do not know who inspected
these' supplies. Whoever did will have
se' supplies. Whoever did will have
more than one murder to answer for.
Let me tell you of a case within my
own knowledge: An officer, a lieuten
ant, is lying ill at this moment of,
typhoid fever in the Red Cross hospital.
He is dangerously 111. If you know any
thing at all of typhoid fever you will
know that the whole of the intestinal
tract becomes inflamed and sore; that
the walls of the intestines are so thin
there is constant danger of perforation
and consequent sudden death. The
slightest obstruction in the bowels may
cause death to supervene. For this
reason only liquid nourishment is given
to typhoid patients, and that in small
quantity. It became necessary for the
attending physician to give quinine,
and a small dose was ordered. The
nurse gave the only form of quinine
furnished to the army, in small, hard
tablets. Two of these were administer
ed, and by a miracle the patient
swallowed them without fatal re
sults. The tablets had not been even
softened. How many typhoid patients
have died them without fatal re
. The tablets had not been even
ned. How many typhoid patients
died in the general hospital,
where there are hardly nurses and doc
tors enough to go around, by reason of
the inability of the system to throw off
the pellets will never be known. They
do not hold post mortems down here
climatic conditions are against it.
And then there is the case of the
smallpox scare we are now just pass
ing through. The plague, which first
struck the Minnesota boys, coming:
from a native laundry, where a mother
nursing at the breast a baby with the
disease was found washing the clothes
of the regiment, we were told was only
smallpox in the mildest form. In real
ity it is black smallpox, from which
there is no record of the recovery of a
white man in this climate. The disease
is most virulent. That is shown by the
fact that of thirteen cases in the pest
house eight have died and the rest have
not the least chance of recovery. I
wanted to cable you this fact yesterday
and was told coolly that there had been
only six deaths and that I would not
be allowed to send the matter anyway.
I do not know whether the official re
ports of the progress of the disease
were falsified. I do not suppose they
were. Hospital authorities in military
hospitals are delicate of their reports.
Their "paper work" Is their pride and
joy. But at all events I am sure of my
facts. The disease is now under con
trol. I hope and believe, but you will
see that the military reports will bear
me out when Congress asks for them
and they come to be published.
Now, I do not charge Colonel Lippin
cott with being a party to the pur
chase of cheap drugs. I do not charge
Colonel Lippincott with anything. That
is not my province — and, besides, there
is no need. But let me relate an in
cident which occurred at the pesthouse
the other day. '.' , r :
"I hope," said Colonel Lippincott,
speaking to one of the attendants at
the place, "that you are very careful
of your health— that you take all pos
sible steps to avoid contagion."
"Yes, sir," was the answer. "I wash
myself in alcohol and — "
"In alcohol," interrupted the medical
director, amazed, "but that is very ex
pensive. Can you not use something
cheaper?"
Alcohol, it would appear, is more
valuable than the life of a man— even
of a man brave enough to volunteer
his services to army smallpox patients.
There is not a great deal to be said
about Colonel Lippincott aftef that.
Some stories, you know, tell themselves.
Before I leave this smallpox business
I want to say just a word in commen
dation of the noble self-sacrifice of Dr.
A. P. O'Brien of the First California
Volunteers, who has crone to live at the
pesthouse. taking charge, and who is
working almost against all hope to save
the lives of the unfortunates there.
Also perhaps it is well to tell how
young Horace Powers, one of the First
California Regiment recruits and the
only man in his regiment to get small
pox, came to contract the disease. He
had been sent to the general hospital
suffering from mumps. The man in the
bed next to him the doctors were treat
ing for measles. That man went to the
pesthouse and died of silfcllpox, and
Powers followed him there and also
died. I am not enough of a doctor to
know who is ♦« blame in a case like
that. That somebody should be held
accountable would seem to be in accord
with the scheme of the eternal fitness of
things.
One thing is very certain concerning
this American army at Manila. The
men now here must be taken out of the
city forthwith and put on high ground
or they must be ordered home. If the
United States holds the Philippines
they must be held by troops c ? some
kind who can endure the climate better
than the lads now here. In all the regi
ments sickness is Increasing at an
alarming rate, and matters promise to
grow worse instead of better. There
are received daily at the division hospi
tal an average of five more cases than
are discharged, and the place is already
so full that large tents have been put
up in the yards to accommodate the
overflow, and a brr.nch hospital for
convalescents, ; besides the Red Cross
Hospital, for officers,' has been estab
lished atMalate. The men suffer from
dysentery,, typhoid, diarrhea and a kind
of low malaria or dengue fever, from
which recovery is always slow. The
dysentery ' leaves the men, when it
leaves^ them at "all, so weakened that
complete return to strength in this cli
mate is Impossible, and even when they
go home they will never be thoroughly
well again. Typhoid is always danger
ous, and., its after effects are 'always
lasting. Diarrhea likewise weakens its
victims so that it seems impossible to
regain strength. " Only, from malaria is
recovery complete, but the victim s ls
not | proof against ja ■ second or even a
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
COCK-FIGHTING ENDED IN
THE PHILIPPINE CAPITAL
Pits in Whicf) Feathered Gladiators Contested ¥\ove
Been Transformed Ir)to Barracks for the
Soldiers.
MANILA, Oct. 21.— Lieutenant James H. Jordan of the First California, public architect, has virtually
been the means of putting an end to cock-fighting as a public pastime in Manila. There are — or were
when the town was under Spanish rule— three immense buildings of the kind called Nipa, in the city
used solely for this sport. There was no Tagallo so poor he did not own at least one fighting cock
and the bloods of the city had anywhere from one to a dozen. There we're strains of fighting cocks,
and families had their favorite strains, as some old English sporting families have their lines of racers
and hunters, tracing back to the Arabs.
But there will be no more cock-fights in Manila, at least in public. The American soldier must have
shelter and Lieutenant Jordan as public architect recommended the adoption of the pits for barrack pur
poses. The places are roomy, well ventilated and adapted for the purpose. Bids were accordingly invited
and then it was discovered that the Chinese, who control the lumber trade and the hardware business, were
up to all the tricks of which American contractors claim to have a monopoly. In effect, the Chinese com
bined to "do" the United States Government. Lieutenant Jordan saw the scheme and blocked it by fixing
an upset price. For this price, $10,000, the cockpit shown herewith, at Paco, has been floored and fitted for
the occupancy of troops, and for the like sum the two remaining pits at Sampoloc and on the Calle Iris
will be similarly refitted.
The whole scheme, besides being unpopular with the Tagalloa, was a great surprise to the Thirteenth
Minnesota Regiment, most of the members of which had game cocks which they fought in the pits, and par
ticularly to one Captain McWade of that company, whose bird was a winner. Captain McWade knows more
about fighting cocks than he does about fighting men. If he had not he would not have laid down in a paddy
field with forty-six of his company while the fate of Manila was being determined.
third attack, which may prove fatal.
Add smallpox and the likelihood of bu
bonic plague and cholera to this cate
gory and the outlook is not cheering.
The Californians have at last estab
lished a hospital of their own
in the suburbs of Ermita, almost on
the seashore and fronting on the Calle
Real. It is a roomy place and the sick
boys, who were moved there to-day, are
delighted with it. The place is cool and
airy and the sea breeze blows in upon
the beds of the carrying heal
ing in its breath. The Californians,
even against the adverse conditions of
garrison life, are carrying their record
as the healthiest regiment in the army.
I give you herewith a list of the sick
in the regiment. Compare it with old
Camp Dewey days, when the company
that carried one man a day on sick re
port was the exception:
THE BAND.
Malarial fever 2.
FIRST BATTALION.
Company M— Dysentery 1, pemphigus 1,
sore feet 5; total 1.
Company A— Muscular rheumatism 1,
acute eczema 1, general debility 1, tonslli
tis 1, malarial fever 1. dysentery 2; total 7.
Company E— Palpitation of heart 1, gas
tric fever 1, typhoid fever 1, malarial
fever 3, dysentery 1; total 7.
Company I— Wounded (recovering) 3,
sore leg 1, sore eyes 1, sore thumb 1, dys
entery 1, malarial fever 2; total 9.
SECOND BATTALION.
Company B— Recovering from wound 1,
climatic sores 1, sore feet 1, dysentery 3,
malarial fever 6; total 12. ....
Company D— Sore feet 1, typhoid 4, ma
larial fever 14, dysentery 4; total 23.
Company I-Sore feet 4, kidney trouble 1,
typhoid fever 2, malarial fever 10, dysen
terornpar?ya H-Sore leg 1, diabetes 1. kid
ney trouble 1, malarial fever 1, dysentery
3; total 7 - THIRD BATT ALION.
Company X— mumps 1, malarial fever 8,
dysentery 3; total 12.
Company C— Sore feet 4. typhoid fever 2,
malarial fever 4, dysentery 1; total 8.
Company G— Pleurisy 1, rupture 1, diar
rhea 1, dysentery 2, malarial fever 8; to
tal 13. .._.!«
Company F— Dysentery 1. malarial fever
13, pemphigus 1; total 15.
Grand total, 139.
Classified by diseases, the totals for
the regiment at this date are
Dysentery ~\
Pemphigus *
Sores, mostly climatic 17
Typhoid fever 9
Malarial fever wl
Miscellaneous 17
Total 139
Those cases of organic trouble shown i
here are among the recruits for the
most part. The old men of the regi
ment suffer from chronic ills and from
the results of hardships endured in the
capture of Manila. It remained for the
medical gentlemen examining recruits
at San Francisco to send into the trop
ics men so diseased they would not
keep health possibly even in so tem
perate an atmosphere as that of Cali
fornia for very long. Little, however,
ran be expected when a man is passed
fit for a soldier's duty who has hem
orrhage of the lungs on the secorid day
after he landed at Manila. That is
what happened to one of the recruits
for D Company. This man did one
day's guard duty and has been on sick
call ever since. Among those who came
down on the Pennsylvania were several
men who were rejected on the first
medical examination.
By the way, I do not send the names
of the sick because so long as a mother
does not really know her boy is ill she
will have the satisfaction of hoping he
is not.
The boys are bearing up well. No
set could do better in the field or in
garrison. Reflect that this is the
healthiest regiment in the command
and you can picture to yourself what
the others are. The men who are in
the hospital are as nothing to the sick
in quarters — the men too ill to work
and not ill enough to go to bed.
The Callfornlans at last given the
care they should have had all along
and would have had if their own offi
cers had been given the care of them,
are the most fortunate regiment. The
Minnesotas, poor boys, are the most
unfortunate. Whatever they did on
the day Manila fell, they are doing
noble work now. They police the city
by night and by day, going into all the
dens and death traps, into all the filthy
holes and dirty corners, exposed con
stantly to a thousand unknown dangers
and nameless infections, and they do I
their work well and faithfully. The
atonement has been made, is being
made dally in the sick list and the
death rate of the Thirteenth Minnesota. 111 1
BY SOL N. SHERIDAN.
Special Correspondence of The Call.
TWO GUILTY,
THE THIRD IS
INNOCENT
Nevills Extortion Case
Ends.
A NEW TRIAL IS DEMANDED
MOTION WILL BE ARGUED NEXT
SATURDAY.
Story of the Relations Between Com
plainant and Defendant That
Led Up to the Arrest of
the Extortionists.
For their crime of demanding "hush
money" from Captain W. E. Nevills, Mrs.
Elsie Williams and Myron Azhderian
must go to the penitentiary. Such is the
verdict of the jury after a deliberation of
almost eighteen hours. Mrs. Grace Loose,
a sister of the convicted extortionist, was
declared innocent of the charge against
her and by order of court she was dis
charged, while Mrs. Williams was recom
mended to the court's mercy. When the
verdict was announced surprise rather
than grief was manifest on Mrs. Wil
liams' face, while Azhderian remained
mute and sullen. Mrs. Loose did not ap
pear happy over the fact of her acquittal.
She busied herself comforting her sister,
and perhaps her heart was too bitter for
happiness to find place there when she
recalled to mind the story of her sister's
downfall and how circumstances, if not
desire, had led her to a felon's cell.
The story is a simple one. Nevills met '
Mrs. Williams when she was making an
honest living- toiling over the keyboard
of a typewriter. She was young and j
handsome and Nevills soon took her from
her busy life and installed her in a cot
tage, where he was a frequent visitor.
She had clothes and money given her
and, if her story given on the stand is
true, her conscience was fortified against
the sinful life she was leading by a prom
ise made by Nevills that he would marry
her.
Finally she went to live on Nevills'
Fresno vineyard and h^re her troubles
commenced. She formed the acquaint
ance of Azhderian, and after Nevills had
decided to break off the relations that
had long existed between Mrs. Williams
and himself, Azhderian became a willing
ally, in fact the leader, in a conspiracy to
"bleed" the aged capitalist.
After a time they succeeded in getting
$2000 out of Nevills, but they wanted
more. Nevills refused to comply with
their demands. They, were obdurate and
with certain alleged incriminating letters
forced Nevills into a corner. His patience !
became exhausted and with no thonght
of the inevitable expose he had his perse
cutors arrested.
The trinl was long and bitter. Special
counsel were employed and every point
for and against the accused was taken
advantage of. Friday night the case was
submitted to the jury. The hours passed
and as it could not reach an agreement
was ordered locked up for the night. Yes
terday morning It handed in its verdict
and after it had been read Judge Cook
announced that he would pass sentence
Saturday, December 3. On that date a
motion for a new trial will be argued and
in event it Is granted the prisoners will
be released on bail; if not, sentence will
be passed and they will go to prison to
await the action of the Supreme Court or
serve their sentence, as they see fit.
BISHOP OF SACRAMENTO.
Bight Rev. W. E<. Moreland to Leave
San Francisco.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 26.— Bishop W. H.
Moreland of \ San Francisco has accepted
the appointment of ? Bishop of the mis- j
sionary ■'_ district .of Sacramento. A letter
was received ' here from him to-day an- :
nouncing: this and stating that he would ]
make Sacramento his home.
. ; .■—• — 1. .■•«,'.'.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with ,
or ■without removal. ;J. Noonan. 1017-10"° | :
SENATORS DEMAND
A POSTPONEMENT
Interview Ministers in
Picquart's Behalf.
REFERRED TO THE CABINET
BILL TO BE INTRODUCED TO
MODIFY MILITARY LAWS.
Outcome of the Storm. Caused by the
Attempt of the General Staff to
Railroad the Lieutenant
Colonel to Banishment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, Nov. 26. — A committee of
Leftist Senators had an interview to
day with the Premier, M. Dupuy; the
Minister of War, M. de Freycinet, and
the Minister of Justice, M. Lebrete. The
Senators demanded that the trial of
Lieutenant Colonel Picquart on the
charge of revealing important military
documents to his counsel be postponed
until the decision of the Court of Cas
sation in the Dreyfus revision is an
nounced. The French Ministers did
not indicate their probable action in the
matter, M. Dupuy contenting himself
with saying that he would refer the
matter to the Cabinet and give the
committee a reply to-morrow.
Several Deputies have announced
their intention of introducing on Mon
day a bill modifying the military laws
and permitting appeals from courts
martial to the Court of Cassation.
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— The Tageblatt to
day demands that Colonel Schwarz
kopen, the former Gerraan military at
tache at Paris, resign and tell the truth
about the so-called "Petit Bleu" inci
dents of the Dreyfus affair.
The paper also calls upon the Minis
ter of Foreign Affairs, Baron yon Bu
low, to make another official declara
tion on the subject, saying that other
wise the Government will be interpel
lated in the Reichstag.
ADVERTISEMENTS. __________
. ; , . Some Holiday Buying Suggestions.
1 Cut them out for reference. /
We Are Showing All Sorts of
Toys and Presents for Christmas!
TOILET CASES. - Glove and Handkerchief Boxes.
Fancy Celluloid Satin-lined Cases, In celluloid, fancy trimmed. ..9l.7s per set
Comb, Brush and Mirror .91 .OO We have them more elaborately finished
from 92 to 95 per set
As above, Embossed Celluloid Case. .91.25 Glcve stretcher In each set. -
_, " v . ' j•_ _ m' ' ■ We have Fancy Boxes for ties, ribbons,
Same, larger and finer Cases, from a fans stockings and suspenders, from
••• ....91.50 to 95 ; 75c to 92.25
Combination set. containing Comb, Brush, ' wrrxDie RAYF6
Mirror and Manicure Outfit 91.75 WUKIV DUAC9,
' Others with combinations to suit all pur- £{"<$ w " h i & '■ ••""Roo
cha5er5........... ......92 to 910 %**&?& U^™.:sftrs;tfß
Manicure Cases, with 4 pieces 75c SHAVING SETS.
Others, more complete 91 to 93.50 ■ „ _■• ■ . ; ■ .
■ Decorated Celluloid Case, with Cup and
Collar and Cuff Boxes, round or square. Brush 91.25 and 91.50
celluloid case 91 Same, with Cup, Brush and • Razor
Same in fancy shapes and decorated s^;:vwi^^rV-in^?ve??:^h*|^
.„ 91.25 to 93.50 Same, with Mirror in cover, with Cup
.:■,-' ■■■'■-".'. . - Brush and Razor .92.75
• A full assortment of these In russet and Larger cases, containing in addition Scls-
fancy leather. , - ' so rs and Comb... ".........93.25 to" 95
WILL & FINCK CO.,
filled promptly. 820 Market St., San Francisco.
NO NEED OF AN
EXTRA SESSION
Congress Can Complete
Its Work on Time.
ARRANGING APPROPRIATIONS
SUB-COMMITTEES CONSIDERING
EXTRAORDINARY EXPENSES.
Representative Cannon Thinks It Is
Useless to Attempt to Labor
During the Holiday
Recess.
Special IMspatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26.—Represen
tative Cannon of Illinois, chairman of
the Appropriations Committee of the
House, has arrived, and to-day the
Sub-Committee on Deficiencies began
the consideration of the estimates for
the extraordinary expenses of the army
and navy growing out of the war, also
the preparation of a bill covering these
deficiencies from the period from Janu
ary 1. 1899, to July 1, 1899. Mr. Cannon
will push the preparation and consid
eration of the regular appropriation
bills as rapidly as possible, but he sees
no reason now why any of them should
fail and thus necessitate an extra ses
sion.
He expects that the urgent deficiency
and the District of Columbia bills will
pass before the holidays and that work
on the other regular bills will have pro
pressed so far during the recess that
they can be brought into the House
after the recess as rapidly as that body
is ready for them. The committees
having- jurisdiction over the bills not
prepared by the Appropriations Com
mittee, agriculture, consular and diplo
matic, army and navy, etc., will also
get to work immediately after the Bes
sion begins.
Mr. Cannon thinks it is useless to at
tempt to work during the holiday re
cess. There have been two occasions
during the last twenty years when the
House has refused to adjourn for the
customary recess, but on each it was
impossible to keep a quorum of mem
bers in town, and little was accom
plished.
Both he and Mr. Dingley, chairman
of the Ways and Means Committee,
share the opinion that to try to hold
the House here during the recess would
be impracticable and unprofitable. With
the enactment of the regular money
bills necessary to carry on the govern
mental machinery at this session of
Congress Mr. Cannon sees no occasion
for an extra session, bo far as legisla
tion for our new possessions is con
cerned. He believes unripe or hasty
legislation for the government of the
islands would be infinitely worse than
military rule. Under military gov
ernorship there is perfect elasticity.
Changes can be made to fit new condi-"
tions as fast as they may arise.
A year's delay before attempting
permanent legislation would give ample
time for the study of all the conditions
surroundlr- the government of the
islands, both by the military authori
ties and commissions which miKht be
provided by Congress. Congress could
then, Mr. Cannon says, deal intelli
gently with the subject.
The grand total of the- appropriations
for the fiscal y^ar ending July 1, 1898,
including the deficiencies for extraor
dinary expenses from January 1 to July
1, 1899, is $893,231,615. There are no fig
ures as yet upon which the appropria
tions for the coming session of Con
fess can be base*? but Mr. Cannon
says they will be considerably below
the figures of the last Congress.
WILLIAM RETURNS
FROM HOLY LAND
All the Prussian Ministers Welcome
the Emperor and Empress of
Germany.
POTSDAM, Nov. 26.— The Emperor
and Empress of Germany arrived here
at 11 o'clock this morning on their return
from the H6ly Land.
All the Prussian Ministers welcomed the
Emperor and Empress of Germany on
their arrival here. The imperial Chancel
lor, Prince Hohenlohe, expressed the sin
cere pleasure experienced by the Minis
ters at the safe return- of their Majesties.
Later the Emperor detailed to the Min
isters the results thus far obtained by his
journey and the results expected, with
which he expressed himself as being sat
isfied. The Emperor also gave the Min
isters his views of the present political
situation In the Mediterranean.
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— The church bell*
were rung and the public buildings were
decorated with flags when Emperor Wil
liam passed through here to-day. The
Boersen Zeitung says his Majesty's trip
to the Holy Land has cost 10.000,000 marks.
A few of the newspapers print welcoming
articles.
Conflagration at Fresno.
FRESNO, Nov. 26.— Fire broke out last
night in the Garibaldi & Olcese building,
in which are located a number of stores
and offices. It was a "blind flre," and the
firemen had, therefore, great difficulty in
extinguishing it. The loss to the owners
of the building and the tenants will
amount to $10,000.
Big Price for Topgallant.
LEXINGTON, Ky.. Nov. 26.— At the
Easton sale of thoroughbreds to-day the
14-year-old stallion Imp. Topgallant,
owned by John B. Ewing of Nashville,
was sold to W. J. Alexander of Chicago
for $20,000. No other high prices were
realized.
DR. PIERCES REMEDIES.
tlelewTssuP
in temperance
"WHISKY MEDICINES."
THE VOICE,
The Leading Temperance Paper*
Sounds the Call to a New Cru-
sade in the Following: Article.
"ANOTHER HEAD ON THE HYDRA."
"It Is time attention was drawn to a
form of alcoholic traffic that seems to
have been overlooked by those engaged
in the crusade against the rum power.
If, as is believed and taught, alcohol is
most dangerous when it fights in am-
bush, if it is most to be dreaded when it
finds its first entrance to the system in
the pleasant sauces and dishes of the
home, then the form of alcoholic traffic
in question is doubly dangerous, for it
comes in the guise of medicine and at-
tacks a system prepared by weakness to
easily surrender to the assault. In many
PATENT MEDICINES
which are largely consumed throughout
the country by all classes of people
there is a percentage of alcohol which
pu« them on a level with beer, rum
and whisky as intoxicants. It is the
smallness only of the dose prescribed
which prevents a prompt recognition of
the intoxicating effects of these so-
called medicines by those who use
them.
"It is safe to affirm that they are
MEDICINES IN NAME ONLY.
Their chief value lies in their alcoholic
effect as a stimulant. In fact, those who
know attribute the benefits ascribed to
this class of medicines wholly to the
stimulative effect of the alcohol they
contain. They are used largely by
persons not In the habit of drinking
liquors, and the little dose taken three
or four times a day is as stimulating
to these people as his regular 'finger'
of 'bitters' is to the regular liquor-
drinker.
WHAT CAN BE DONE?
"What ought to be done at least is to
compel every patent-medicine manu-
facturer to put on the wrapper of his
bottle the quantity of alcohol it con-
tains. That would at least leave peo-
ple to exercise their own judgments.
More than that, no paper truly interest-
ed in temperance reform should print
the advertisement of any alcoholic
medicine. It should be the duty of
every temperance organization and
branch in the country to look into this
question, agitate it and deal with the
facts just as earnestly and as honestly
as other facts have been dealt with."
Appreciating the gravity of the issue
raised by the strong statement of facts
made in the foregoing article, we wish
to call general attention to the fact that
Dr. Pierces Golden Medical Discovery
and Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription
contain
NO ALCOHOL, NO WHISKY, NO IN-
TOXICANT OF ANY KIND.
These medicines are equally free from
opium and other narcotics.
They are in the strictest meaning of
the words, temperance medicines. Of no
other medicine, put up especially for
woman's use, can it be truthfully af-
firmed as of Dr. Pierces Favorite Pre-
scription, that it contains neither alco-
hol nor opium or other narcotic in any
form.
While the negative features of Dr.
Pierces medicines may only interest
some of the readers of this article, the
positive features of these medicines
must be of interest to every one. The
great value of "Golden Medical Dis-
covery" in the cure of diseased or de-
ranged conditions of the stomach and
digestive and nutritive organs is testi-
fied to by tens of thousands who have
found health and healing in this great
remedy. The "Discovery" Increases the
action of the blood-making glands, and
by curing the diseases which corrupt
and cripple the stomach and digestive
and nutritive organs, it enables a full
and pure supply of blood to be sent to
every part of the body.
WOMEN KNOW ITS WORTH.
Women who are always appreciative
of benefits have been especially appre-
ciative of the benefits following the use
of Dr. Pierces Favorite Prescription.
Its wonderful cures of irregularities,
inflammations, ulcerations and female
troubles have caused women to name
it, "that God-send to women." It is en-
titled to wear the "blue ribbon" of
merit as well as the blue ribbon of tem-
perance.
THE BIBLE OF THE BODY.
Perhaps no greater gift was ever of-
fered than the People's Common Sense
Medical Adviser. It contains 1008
pages and has over 700 illustrations,
j and is the life work of its author, Dr.
j R. V. Pierce, chief consulting physician
I to the Invalids' Hotel and Surgical In-
stitute, Buffalo, N. Y. This book has
been well called "The Bible of the
Body." It is to the body what the Bi-
ble is to the soul, "a lamp unto the feet
and a light unto the path." It deals
with the great questions of physical
life so simply that all may understand
and so purely that it is essentially the
I one medical work for the home library.
The book is published in two forms,
one bound in paper covers and the
\ other in strong cloth binding. Send 21
one-cent stamps for the paper edition
to cover expense of mailing only or 31
stamps for the cloth-bound edition.
Address Book Department, World's
Dispensary Medical Association, Biif-
falo. N. Y.
1898-TAXES -1898
Notice Is hereby given that the first
installment of real estate taxes nd all
unpaid personal property taxes, includ-
ing balance due from those who have
already paid the Assessor, will be delin-
| quent and 15 per cent added on MON-
DAY, November 28, at 6 o'clock p. m. •
NO CHECKS received after SATUR-
! DAY EVENING, November 26.
Office open FRIDAY AND SATUR-
DAY EVENINGS. November 25 and
26. from 7 to 9 p. m.
JAMES N. BLOCK,
Tax Collector of the City and County
of San Francisco.
jt*% . ■ . TT"Ek • The peed!**
iJj*sM.Ba%}? Sr^JllJf^P' "Borons
THE HOWIE REMEDY H shfn/uSJS
for FEMALE COMPLAINTS V^ui£^
j wr«-ng. For all theaa pains, irregularities and difficulties no
: remedy on earth fi.nirin.Dift Easily applied by lady her-
| •qua'f {amous3ttilU*KlU self. Believe* all pain
iiWifffl ln Vt'orab or OTsrlc* lit 10 minutes.
BefScaSSa Promptly relir res He»<lache, -*(«u«i, Blood and
ffi^N^l^ BlaJlerTroahlos, Faintn«», Nervousness, Fear
KP^SS and Petpond'ticy. Cure* Leucorrhcea, Worob
Sin or Orarles lv 10 minute*.
Promptly relieves Heailache, Nausea, Blood and
am! Despondency. Cnrea'Leucorrhoea, Womb
Complaints, Displacements, Barkache, Bearing
KQp^' <ff3a Down P«inß and all Femalo Disorders. yßS|3!k
Jfjr ■■• Bauinlies Soreness and Clcemtions.#_^raA
U ♦^^».w<S>i.^''ecrs th« spirits and Vitalize* J9<LLJ
'iV-^aF^^the whole frame fttfe, Sure and TTjjT*
Absolutely Harmless. One 50 c»t box will Hss» r
complete a cure, In ordinary cases. - -
All DAI SOLD BY ATX DRUGGIST*.
; ■ 01 UlO ALL rnlH or mailed in plain wrapper on receipt
IN 1 0 MINUTES T'rPcrf^toCo.CaitoT>BW .Chte9S«
Sold by Owl Drug Co., 8. P., and Oakland.
' ■OTSTTOUI7O FOB barbers, BAK-
nn IliinCikJ era, bootblacks, bath-
lillUUUUV bouses, billiard tables,
brewers, bookbinders, oendy- makers, c^nners,
• dyers flourmil'.s. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, : shoe : factories,
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS., .
Brush Manufacturers, 609 Sacramento 31
910
SNOWSTORMS
ARE RAGING
IN THE EAST
Record - Breaker for
November.
STREETCAR TRAFFIC BLOCKED
FIERCE GALES ALSO RETARD
SHIPPING ON ATLANTIC.
New York, Boston and Philadelphia
Among the Cities Suffer
ing From a Bliz
zard.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The first se
vere snowstorm of the winter struck
New York and vicinity early this after
noon and increased in violence until
to-night, when it assumed almost the
proportions of a blizzard. Forty miles
an hour is the rate the wind blew
through the city and on Long Island
.:o;Lst it reached a velocity or' sixty
s an hour. At about 11 o'clock
to-night the snow had fallen to a depth
ireral inches, and in some places
hid drilled as high as live feet. The
temperature had gradually fallen un
til at midnight it was 26 degi
All of the trolley cars running to the
suburbs have been forced to discon
tinue service and the surface lines in
Manhattan and Brooklyn boroughs
have fared almost as badly, being
forced to abandon then- schedules.
All of the horse car lines are block
ed. The elevated roads ha\ c discon
tinued their regular schedule and are
nning to have trouble. The rail
road lines out oi the city have not yy t-tt -t
been forced to abandon their regular
schedules, but the prospect is that they
will have to do so before morning.
The only vessels to leave New York
City were seven steamers, and only one
of these, a freighter, was for Europe.
The rest were all bound to Southern
ports on the coast and the West Indies.
Th>- only Atlantic passenger liners to
their wharves were the Cunarder
Lucania and the Atlantic transport
steamer Manitou, both of which
dropped anchor off Staten Island,
where they remain. After the storm set
in at noon only three steamers arrived
In port, two from the West Indies and
an old Dominion line boat from Nor
folk. The British freight steamer
Leitrim, from London, was sighted
passing Fire Island shortly after 2
o'clock this afternoon, bound here, but
■was not reported again. A number of
schooners ran in past Sandy Hook
during the afternoon for refuge in the i
lower bay. A number of steamers are |
due, among them being the French
liner La Touraine. No word can be
obtained from Sandy Hook to-night as
to what may be seen In the offline, if
anything, as shortly after 7 o'clock to
night the wires went down and cut off
communication.
BOSTON, Nov. 26.— T'nless the north
east snowstorm, which began in this
city last night and which is general
throughout the State and Southern
New England, subsides before morning,
it seems it will be a record-breaker for
November. Near the coast the temper
ature is just above freezing. The snow
is damp and sticky, but in the interior
the flakes are finer and the snow is
drifting badly.
PHILADELPHIA. Nov. 26.— Over six
inches of snow fell here during the past
twelve hours. up to midnight to-night,
• at which time the storm showed signs
of abatement. Reports from the in
terior of the State are to the effect that
snow fell heavily in all sections.
LEXINGTON, Ky., Nov. 26.— The
thermometer has been dropping here
. since 3 o'clock this morning and prom
. ises to go to zero to-night. The worst
blizzard known in years raged here this
morning. It is almost unprecedented
weather for this time of the year.
OF INTEREST TO THE COAST.
Bids Received for Needed Improve
ments at Mare Island.
WASHINGTON, Nov. Bids for the
erection of a sawmill and boiler room and
for boat sheds at Mare Island Navy Yard
have been received at the Navy Depart
ment, and when classified on ■Monday will
be published. Seventy-five thousand dol
lars was apportioned for the former, and
$14,000 for the sheds, and the contract will
be awarded to the lowest responsible bid
ders.
A postoffice was to-day established at
Gabilan, Monterey County. Cal., with
John A.Kaston as postmaster; also at
Langdon. Kern County, and Ross E. Kel
ler was appointed postmaster.
Pensions have been granted as follows:'
California — Original: Frederick Gubser,
Los Angeles, $6; Alexander Campbell, Sol
diers' Home, LoS Angeles,- $6.
Oregon— widows, etc.: Lucinda
Frank. Portland, $8.
Washington — Original: Henry Haas,
Camas, $*5. Restoration and additional-
Joseph H. Jump, dead. Creston, $4 to $8.
Original widows, etc. — Sarah A. Claypool,
Tacoma. $8. - -.^ ; ■
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE SIMPLEST CURE FOR
INDIGESTION,
As Well as the Safest and Cheapest.
The new medical discovery, Stuart's
Dyspepsia Tablets, digest the food in-
stead of making the worn-out stomach
do all the work, give it. a much needed
rest, and a cure of dyspepsia is the
natural result.
You get nourishment and rest at the
same time because these tablets will
' thoroughly digest all wholesome food
• taken into the stomach whether the
Btomach works or not. A cure .is cer-
tain to result because the digestive
organs are given a chance to rest and
recover their natural vigor and tone.
The Tablets are. then no longer re-
quired.
To show the manner in which the
remedy acts on different people and
how quickly and effectually it cures
stomach troubles we present a few re-
cent cases.
Mr. J. O. Wondly of Peoria, 111.,
writes: I was unable to eat anything
but the plainest food and even that
often distressed me, but since using one
box of Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets I can
eat anything and everything I want.
Mrs. Samuel Kepple of. Girty, Pa.,
writes: I have been entirely relieved of
my stomach troubles by your Tablets.
I suffered three years with sour
stomach and gas at night. lam thank-
ful for them.
Mrs. A. E. Bowen, Barnard, Vt.,
write: I think Stuart's Dyspepsia Tab-
lets are the best thing for dyspepsia
1 ever took. I will recommend them to
any one troubled as bad as I was.
Stuart's Dyspepsia Tablets will not
disappoint bee---** they cure Dyspepsia
surely and lastingly by causing the
food to be properly assimilated, and
cure constipation by producing the
proper quantity of bile. Sold by all
druggists at 60 cents per package.
Send for free book on stomach dis-
eases to Stuart Company, Marshall,
Mich.
IMPROVEMENT OF
OUR WATERWAYS
Public Works Board's
Excellent Record.
PRAISED BY EXCURSIONISTS
SACRAMENTOANS VISIT NEW
TOWN SHOALS.
Loud in Praise of the Extent of the
Work Accomplished, as Well
as Its Substantial
Quality.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 26.— About 150
well known State and County officials
and merchants, residents of Sacramen
to and adjacent counties, attended the
excursion to-day to the Elk Horn
easement and the jetties at the New
Town shoals, given by Commissioner j
of Public Works K. E. Leake and his J
auditing board. The excursion afforded
the first opportunity to a representa
tive section .of the public to see what
the present commission has accom
plished during the two years it has
been In office, and on every hand ex
pressions of surprise at the extent of <
the wurk and commendation for its
substantial quality were heard.
Among the passengers were Con
gressman Marion de Vries and Major
M. H. Heuer, the Government engineer,
who has charge of the work on the
navigable rivers of California and who
for some months has been serving as
consulting engineer to the commis
sion.
Major Heuer spoke in most compli
mentary terms of the work accom
plished by the commission, declaring
that in all his experience he had never
known of a commission which had
effected so much at such a small outlay
of money. The commission was author
ized by the last Legislature to expend
$300,000, but while it has constantly
been at work and while various points
on the Sacramento and San Joaquin
rivers show a vast improvement
through its endeavors, the total ex
pense to date has been but $78,872 47.
Fifteen or twenty years ago the sec
tion of Yolo County along the the river,
and lying in a northwesterly direction
from Sacramento, was populated by
prosperous farmers and orchardists,
whose vacant and dilapidated homes
and granaries, seen now from the decks
of the river boats, testify to the ruin
which the annual floods have wrought.
One of the most vulnerable portions of
the levee was located near Elk Horn,
and the breaks were so frequent there
that for nearly 3000 feet the old levee
was completely washed away, the
water even at its lowest stage refusing
to stay in its channel, the river dividing
its now between the channel and the
basin into which the crevasse opened.
It was here that the commission de
cided to make its tirst large experiment.
The result is to be found in a magnifi
cent piece of engineering skill in the
shape of an easement 2000 feet long,
covered by a rounded concrete surface
some 15 feet in width. This concrete
rests upon a foundation many feet
deep, of rock and earth, solidly packed,
and is flanked the entire length by a
system of piles and riprap work. Front-
Ing this again is an earth embankment
rising ten or twelve feet from the river
level and removing the easement eighty
or a hundred feet from the water.
The purpose of this stupendous piece
of work is to confine the river within
its banks during stages of low water,
and also during stages of high water,
until an excessive height Is reached,
when the water will flow over it into
the Yolo Basin, thus taking the strain
off the general -levee system. Eventu
ally, it is believed, the effect will be the
complete restoration of the valuable
lands which the annually recurring
floods pouring through the open levees
have ruined.
The jetty system at the New Town
shoals was also inspected. The work
here is of a character to remove the
shoals which for over forty years have
obstructed the entrance to the river
from salt water. The natural width of
the river at that point is 3000 feet, but
the jetties constructed by the commis
sion narrow the channel to 1200 feet,
thus adding to the velocity of the
stream and augmenting its power to re
move the shoals. In some places,
since the work has been put in, the
shoals have cleared for a depth of six
feet, although this cleansing has thus
far not been uniform.
Knerineer M. A. Nurpc, who has
charge of the work for the commission,
snid to The Call correspondent that the
next high-water season would demon
strate the utility of the work per
formed hy the commission, and he w r as
confident tho commission would be jus
tified in its course by the action of the
high water.
All the plans upon which the work
has been done were first submitted to
the 3ecretary of War, passed on by
him and th^ Government Board of En
gineers and returned with their ap
proval.
NAMES A COMMITTEE
ON LEGISLATION
| State Library Association Completes
Its Labors at the
Capital.
SACRAMENTO, Nov. 26.— The librari
ans, who have been in session in this city
i since yesterday morning, have completed
their labors and gone home. As a result
of the conference a committee on legis
lation, composed of F. J. Teggart and
George L. Clark, was appointed. This
committee will prepare a bill to be sub
mitted to the next Lepislffcture, the effect
of which will be, if passed, to allow any
one in the State, who is willing to pay the
mail, freight or express charges, to ob
tain books from the State Library.
Another committee was appointed, con
sisting of F. J. Teggart, Robert E. Cowan
and J. C. Rowel 1, whose work it will bo
to prepare a biblioßraph of all the litera
ture ever written about California. This
is claimed by the librarians to be a much
needed work and Committeeman Teggart
is an enthusiast on the subject.
A number of interesting papers were
read at the concluding session to-day.
One of these was by C. L. Weller of Ala
meda on the the desirability of allowing
the public free access to the shelves;
another by v j. Te^gart on the subject,
"Bibliographic Aids." and a third, writ
ten by Miss U. M. Rurs of Pasadena on
"The Children in the Library."
Those in attendance on the conference
here feel that one of the effects of the
meeting will be a Concerted effort on the
part of the librarians of the State that
will lead to the people of California get
ting a larger use of the wealth of
books locked up in the Capitol.
Fell From a Windmill.
LOS ANGELES, Nov. 26.— Alfred I.
Townsend of Town send Brother*, patent
solicitors, was killed last night by falling
from a windmill tank to the ground a
distance of thirty feet. He had gone' to
examine the tank, when a step of the lad
der gave way and he lost his footing and
fell, striking on his head. He was 35
years old, and leaves a widow and two
children. He was well known for his
poetic writings.
THE SA^ FRANCSICO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
DENUNCIATION
OF SUFFERINGS
OF SOLDIERS
Sensational Letter to
Investigators.
PROTECTION OF THE TROOPS
DEMANDED BY THE SECRETARY
OF THE SOCIETY.
It Is Alleged That the Boys in Blue
Have Been Starved, Maltreated,
and Some Even Murdered
While Sick.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— At the meet
ing of the War Investigation Commis
sion to-day Captain Howell read a let
ter addressed to the commission by
Robert J. Roosevelt, secretary of the
committee of the Society for the Pro
tection of Soldiers.
General Dodge suggested that the
letter be received and filed, and by gen
eral consent General Dodge's sugges
tion was adopted. The letter written to
the commission by Mr. Roosevelt read
in part as follows:
To the Presidential Commission of In
quiry: I have noticed in the morning press
that one of your members criticizes the
witnesses who have testiiied at the re
quest of the committee formed in this city
to protect soldiers. They do not fix the
responsibility nor show who is to blame.
There seems to be a misunderstanding be
tween us. We supposed that all the wit
nesses had to do was to prove the facts
and chat the commission would .fix the
responsibility. .
The h( roic boys may forget their suffer
ings, may even refuse to testify to them;
but their mothers will not and their
fathers will not. Nor will It do to take
refuge behind the errors of the Civil War.
There was no intentional cruelty, such as
seems to have so often prevailed in this
war. The sick men were not starved.
The uncomplaining endurance of our
men has simply been heroic. They bore
wounds, sickness, privations, to death,
even, without a word. It was only neglect,
starvation, in fact, and abuse in the hos
pitals which called for the letters, and
RESULT OF REA'S RULE.
Salaries of San Jose High School Teachers Reduced
One-Half.
SAN JOSE, Nov. 26.— The Board of Ed
ucation met this evening, abolished all the
kindergartens, dismissed five special
teachers and reduced all salaries of teach
ers in high school one-half and all gram
mar teachers 10 per cent. This action
was taken on account of lack of money in
the school fund.
then only home to their families— letters
which were sent to me by broken-hearted
mothers in pitiful appeals to try and help
their sons. I wish your commission could
have read them, but as many of them
were transmitted to me confidentially I
cannot even quote from them.
The witnesses have established mon
strous incapacity. That they have not full
confidence in the power of your commis
sion, no matter how good its will, to meet,
all the requirements the public demands
of it, is only echoing your own doubts;
but in spite of that they seem to have
done their share, and it would seem that
It only remains for you to do your best,
even "if that best is not quite satisfac
tory to yourselves. If done In good faith
it will teach the soldiers that at least
there is a power which was honestly
endeavoring to do them justice.
You can direct your inquiries in the first
place to the food supply. Find out who
gets the difftience between the double
rations allowed by the Government and
the meager hardtack, bacon and green
coffee served to the soldiers. The wit
nesses are the books and the rolls in the
public departments, to which you have
full access-.
We have furnished you the facts, shown
you the brutality, cruelty, neglect, indif
ference: how men whom the Government
was under every obligation to protect, and
especially because they had a right to rely
upon surh protection, were starved even
in the land of plenty; were uncared for
when sick; left without attention; when
wounded were abused, maltreated; in
some cases practically murdered. We
have shown you an indifference and belit
tling of human sufferings which continue
even now. If this nation is to become a
warlike one, if we are to have an array
which shall be efficient and to be relied
upon, these crimes and blunders must be
corrected; and your commission must cor
rect them. It is not for you to make the
feeble excuse that your commission, a
mere voluntary association, with no legal
existence even,,shall shouMer this respon
sibility.
The afternoon session completed the
work of the commission in this city.
The members went to Boston to-night.
Colonel Jewett Relieved.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 26. — Colonel
Charles L. Jewett, judge advocate gen
eral at Manila, has been relieved from
duty there and will report to the depart
ment in Washington.
Advances made on furniture ami pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mission.
SOLANO MAN A BENEDICT.
Jlrthup Belew .Marries Young .Miss Roland
of Tbjs City.
ONE of the prettiest weddings of the season took place at St. Mary's
Cathedral Thursday evening. November 24. at 6:30 o'clock. The con
tracting parties were Miss Marguerite Roland, eldest daughter of Mrs.
M. Roland of this city, and Arthur Belew, a prosperous young busi
ness man of Solano County.
The bride, a handsome brunette, worea beautiful gown of white duchess
satin with Louis Quinze bows in her hair, and she carried in her hand a
large bouquet of white carnations.
The oreanist entertained the guests with some choice selections until
the arrrival of the bridal party. About half-past 6 o'clock the first strains
of the wedding march were sounded and the party, accompanied by the ush
ers, advanced to the altar, where they were met by Rev. Father Calzia of
St.* Ignatius Church, who performed the ceremony. Little Frankie
Feury, a god-child of the bride, was ring-bearer. Misses Eleanor, Mamie,
Alice and Agnes Roland, sisters of the bride, acted in the capacity of brides
maids. Misses Mamie and Eleanor were gowned in beautiful white organ
die over white silk. Alice and Agnes were attired in creme silk and carried
la France roses. Mr. Dan Broderick was srroomsman and A. G. Hanton
best man. The ushers were: B. Gleason, M. Simon, T. Cummings, C. Hoyt
and L. Samuel. During the ceremony "Call Me Thine Own" was beautiful
ly rendered. The "Lohengrin" wedding march was played as the happy
pair left the church.
Immediately after the ceremony a bountiful repast was served at the homo
of the bride's mother, 514 Eddy street, which was elegantly decorated for ■
the occasion.
STANFORD BADLY
BEATEN AT RENO
Nevada 'Varsity Team's
Triumph.
SHUTS OUT THE CARDINAL
SCORE THE SAME AS IN THE
THANKSGIVING GAME,
At No Stage of the Contest Had the
Palo Alto Lads the Better
of the Brawny Moun
taineers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
RENO, Nev., Nov. 26.— The Nevada
University football team administered
a crushing defeat to the Stanford team
to-day, the score being the same as in
the Berkeley-Stanford game on
Thanksgiving day— 22 to 0.
The Stanford team arrived this morn
ing at 8 o'clock. It was met at the de
pot by a committee from the Nevada
University, which received them with
the Nevada 'varsity yell. The boys
alighted from the train apparently in
fine form, but after standing on the
platform 10 or IF minutes in a Nevada
November morning waiting for car
riages they got humps in their backs
and were heard to remark, "Lord, but
it's cold." The chill ozone sharpened
their appetites for the hot breakfast to
which they were treated by the Nevad
ans.
The two teams lined up at 2 o'clock.
Nevada won the toss and chose the
west goal. Stanford kicked to Brule,
who made fifteen yards. By a series of
end runs and center bucks Nevada car
ried the ball down the field and in
twenty minutes Hayes went over Stan
ford's line for the first touchdown.
Keddie failed to kick the sroal. Score-
Nevada 5, Stanford 0.
Stanford again kicked to Brule, who
ran in twenty-five yards. By a series
of counter rushes and repeated end
runs, and after a crowning run of fifty
yards by Moorman, Hayes scored the
second touchdown. Keddie kicked the
goal. Score: Nevada 11, Stanford 0.
Stanford kicked to Brule a third time.
The ball was forced to Stanford's rive-
yard line, where time was called for the
first half. Score: Nevada 11, Stan
ford 0.
Second half — Nevada kicked off and
Stanford ran in forty yards, and after
a series of center rushes forced the ball
to Nevada's fifteen-yard line. Stan
ford lost the ball on downs. Keddie
made a twenty-five yard run on the left.
Leavitt made a bad fumble and the ball
went to Stanford. At this point Stan
ford lost the ball on downs and Nevada,
by a series of rushes and bucks, carried
the ball to Stanford's three-yard line,
from which Chism scored the third
touchdown. Keddie failed to kick the
goal. Score: Nevada 16, Stanford 0.
Stanford kicked to Moorman, who
ran in twenty yardb and lost the ball
on a fumble. After Stanford lost on
downs, another fumble by Nevada and
a fumble by Stanford, without material
gains, Nevada by rushes carried the
ball to Stanford's goal, where Evans
made the fourth touchdown. Keddie
kicked the goal. Score 22 to 0.
During the remainder of the game
Nevada kept the ball almost entirely
in Stanford's territory. The game end
ed with the ball on Stanford's twenty
flve-yard line and the score at the close
stood: Nevada 22, Stanford 0.
LENOX CLUB WILL
BEGIN AN INQUIRY
Charges Growing Out of the Corbett-
Sharkey Affair to Be In
vestigated.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The board of
directors of the Lenox Athletic Club,
under whose auspices the Corbett-Shar
key fight was held last Tuesday night,
decided to-day to investigate the various
charges gTowing out of the affair. A
meeting of the directors for that pur
pose has been called for next Monday.
Corbett and Sharkey and their managers
and seconds have been Invited to attend.
The inquiry will be open to the press.
It will not be a whitewashing investi
gation if what the club intimates be true.
Conclusive evidence, it is hinted, will be
disclosed to show who engineered the job
and just how it was carried out to so
bungling a conclusion.
GRANT GILLETT'S
TANGLED AFFAIRS
Young Cattle Speculator
Kept No Books.
NO RECORD OF BIG DEALS
NUMEROUS CREDITORS SCRAM
BLE TO LOCATE STOCK.
It Is Said the Daring Operator Mort
gaged Cattle Twice, and Is Now
in Hiding to Avoid
Arrest.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 26"— The where
abouts of Grant C. Gillett, the big
Kansas cattle-feeder, whose failure
was announced yesterday, are still
unknown. Probably twenty-five dif
ferent Kansas City live stock commis
sion houses are indorsers of Gillett's
paper, which is said to be scattered
through the banks of the country from
Denver to New York city. All of the
local firms declare that the paper they
hold is amply secured and that there
cannot possibly be any loss to a single
holder. Of the cattle in the feed lots,
something over 10,000 head were pur
chased from one Denver firm, that of
Dake & Keeler, to whom Gillett ia said
to have given a mortgage of $208,000.
These cattle are 3-year-old steers, and
cattlemen assert that a low estimate of
their present value is $30 a head, or
about $10 a head more than the interest
in the cattle held by the Denver .firm
Another lot of cattle contains 6500 head
which Gillett and another dealer own in
Oklahoma. These cattle are said to be
mortgaged for $125,000 and are stated to
be worth a third more than the amount
against them.
A remarkable thing about Gillett s
methods of doing business was that he
kept no books and took no one into his
confidence. All the details of his enor
mous deals were carried in his head,
and this complicates the matter. Gil
lett is dubbed as a careless financier,
and those who know him best now say
that sheer luck carried him through
many of his heaviest deals. Many local
stockmen declare that he would not
run away even if he knew his debts
would wipe out his herds and ranches,
because he believes that luck will al
ways attend him. Nevertheless, there
was talk to-day that he had mort
gaged cattle twice and left to avoid ar
rest.
The deal that forced Gillett to the
wall was a $12f>,000 loan held by a
Kansas City livestock firm. The money
was advanced to him on 6500 head of
feeding cattle in Oklahoma, and the
mortgage fell due last week. The Kan
sas City firm declined to extend the
loan.
Gillet tried hard to secure money,
but for the. first time in his ca
reer he was unable to get backing.
Close upon the heels of this came a
deal that he had with Valle & Gates,
the Arizona cattle magnates. Gillett
had paid $10,000 as earnest money on
4000 cattle in the Panhandle of Texas,
which Vaile & Gates owned on the
famous "J. A." ranch. These cattle
were worth $120,000, and Gillett was
unable to raise the money to take them,
and saw his $10,000 go to pay his liabil
ity for the loss to Vaile & Gates. As
soon as it was learned here that Gil
lett was being pressed by one or two
of his creditors, others sent their rep
resentatives to his ranch to protect
their loans. Meanwhile the plunger
took his leave.
Eastern holders of Gillett's paper,
I which has passed through the
hands of the Kansas City firms, began
telegraphing, and to-day a few of the
Kansas City houses are trying to sell
livestock paper.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. 26.— A special
to the Journal from Abilene, Kans..
states that the liabilities of Grant Gil
lett, the cattle kiner. will reach nearly
a million and a half dollars, and that
the assets ma 1 - not reach more than
half this amount. It develops that Gil
lett had filed in Dickinson County
mortgages covering 30.993 head of cat
tle and aggregating $849,740.
In addition to this amount, according
to the Journal's despatch Gillett has
outstanding nearly $600,000 of accommo
dation paper. The thirty or more men
who are in Abilene representing com
mission houses and other creditors of
Gillett have been busy all day tracing
the cattle upon which their firms hold
mortene'es. It was found that at least
one bunch of cattle has been mortgaged
to two firms. The affairs are in a bad
tangle, which will require weeks to un
ravel, and it is feared that much litiga
tion will result. The whereabouts of
Gillett is still unknown.
The mortgages filed in Abilene show
the principal creditors and their securi
ties to be as follows: Elmore & Cooper
of Kansas City. 8170 head, $243,000; Gil
lespie Commission Company, Kansas
City, 7000 head, $210,000; Trowers &
Sons, Kansas City, 4600 head, $160,000;
Vaile & Gates, Kansas City, 542 head,
' $16,200; Holmes Live Stock Company,
Kansas City. 1560 head. $41,800; Evans-
Snyder-Buell Company, Kansas City,
6220 head. $122,900; Bohnrt & Co., St.
Joseph, Mo., 1500 head, $30,000; Keeler
& Dake, Denver, 1264 head, $25,000;
total, 30,993 head, $849,740.
Incendiarism at Carson.
CARSON CITY, Nov. 26.— An attempt
was made early this morning' to burn the
residence of Edmund James, against
whom a charge of vote-buying was dis
missed several days ago.
AMERICAN JAILED.
Accused of Lese Majeste in
Berlirj.
BERLIN, Nov. 26.— Frank
Knaak of New York has been ar
rested on the charge of lese ma-
Jeste, said to have been com
mitted In a wine shop. Mr.
Knaak was arrested while sit
ting with his wife in a fashion
able restaurant. It is alleged
that he referred in an offensive
manner to the Emperor, and a
person who heard him immedi
ately summoned a policeman.
Although Mr. Knaak had sev
eral witnesses who denied that
he had made the alleged remark,
he was thrown into jail.
The officials of the United
States Embassy have done
everything possible to bring
about his release and a large
amount of bail has been offered.
J. B. Jackson, the first Charge
d'Affalres, has had two inter
views with Herr Richtnofen, the
Under Secretary of State for
Foreign Affairs, on the subject.
Mr. Knaak is a civil engineer
and interested in the Niagara
Water Power. He originally
came from Stettin.
GOVERNOR-ELECT CAGE'S
EXECUTIVE SECRETARY
IV. ff. DAVIS OF LOS fI.KCEI.ES SAID TO BE THE MAN.
HERE has been and Is at present a gTeat deal of curiosity as to who
rI 1 will receive the appointment of executive secretary to Governor
\ Gage.
JL The Call is informed on very reliable authority that this honor will
be conferred upon W. H. Davis, the well-known attorney of Los Angeles.
Mr. Davis is the son of E. A. Davis, Superior Judge of Tuba and Sutter
counties, and one of the active party workers in the southern section of the
State.
It was impossible to confirm the news last night, owing to the pres
ence of Governor-elect Gage at the battle-ship banquet, and Mr. Davis
could not be found; but owing to his intimate social and professional rela
tions to Mr. Gage, the statement that he has been selected may be taken
as authentic.
During the recent Republican convention Mr. Davis took a very prom
inent part In the nomination of Mr. Gage.
THREE OF SEGNA'S
SLAYERS CAPTURED
Mexican Murderers in
the Toils.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PHOENIX, Ariz., Nov. 26.— The in
formation reaches here that three out
of five Mexicans who murdered William
Segna at Weaver, Yavapai County,
last Sunday night, have been arrested
and will have their preliminary trial on
Monday at Congress.
The crime was cmc of the most cold
blooded recorded in this Territory. The
Mexicans effected an entrance to Seg
na's place of business, and, shutting
the doors, proceeded to stab their vic
tim to death. His outcries attracted a
number of people to the scene, who at
tempted to force an entrance. The
murderers stopped their bloody work
long enough to have two of their num
ber slip to the door and notify the by
standers that they would be killed if
they did not go away. After the mur
der they were seen to leave the prem
ises.
The murderers secreted themselves in
the community and began a course of
intimidation against those who were
disposed to inform the authorities of
their whereabouts. Sheriff Ruffner and
deputies effected the capture of the
men by walking in upon them at tb.3
house at which they were stopping.
TACOMA'S PLEDGE KEPT.
TACOMA, Nov. 26.— The local committee
in charge announces that it has, in behalf
of Tacoma, fulfilled all the requisites de
manded for the securing of the meeting of
the National Educational Association. In
connection with the association arrange
ments have been made for side excursions
to Alaska, British Columbia points and
the Hawaiian and Philippine Islands.
Ships on regular lines sailing from this
port have offered extraordinary induce
ments.
.f ; ADVERTISEMENTS.
MEN WHO ARE AFFLICTED
Can Be Permanently Cured and Strengthened by
DOCTOR MEYERS & CO.
These Specialists Don't Want Your Money Until
They Have Cured You.
This is. a bold statement, but these eminent
specialists mean every word of it Any man ap-
plying to them for treatment who has the least |
doubt of their ability to cure a contracted ailment,
or to restore complete or partial loss of vitality, j
may deposit the price of a cure in any bank or with
any well-known business house or newspaper in
San Francisco, such deposit NOT to be paid to Dr.
Meyers & Co. until the patient is thoroughly con-
vinced that he is permanently cured. This is a J
guarantee THAT GUARANTEES. No other physi-
cian or medical institution has ever made such a
fair and liberal proposition. |
WHY THEY CAN AFFORD TO MAKE THIS OFFER.
. These physicians have an experience of more than
SEVENTEEN years. The greatest part of this time has
been devoted exclusively to curing diseases and weakness
of MEN. Previous to the beginning of their successful
career as specialists each served an apprenticeship (after
graduating from the best medical colleges) in hospitals and
as family physicians.
Dr. Meyers & Co. have the largest and best-equipped,
medical institution in the West. They have their own pri-
vate laboratory, stocked with the most effective remedies
the s.iences of medicine and chemistry have ever produced.
Competent pharmacists fill all prescriptions FREE OF COST
TCT PATIENTS. No dangerous drugs are ever dispensed.
Nervous DeUility /yVA^ Coiltncteil "
and j^£^\^^-<^( Ailments,
Dr. M,y.r. ft Co. \ S'ffeJ#- 1 £ \/ „?? '" *'',
natoreweak, dee- £ f ffS^m f^J M^ \ f \ l\ \*. sil af nt ° s
and perfect health. '' i '-^®?^3\/^BPw«[ S^/^^ ets * reoentl y «m-
No matter what I W'<\ T^t^^^j^^^W \ traded, or chronic,
may 4 have canted WrW^m^/t^ palnfclanddaager-
the trouble, the.. |^:Jl:\ ft \^fvffsl!y''\ ova from bad treat- I
specialists eaa Im^KJU' .t \ I, ? y\ \%St^^ ment or negUet
qnlekly gain the X^ir^-^T™ 8 kly and perma-
mastary. Allures ' nently cured.
at lasting as life. 1 r ; . «> *
Free Consultation and Private Book for Men,
At office or by mail. All Dealing and Correspondence with Patients Sacredly Con-
fidential Thousands cured at home every year. No Printing on Envelopes or
Packages to show who sent them. Write for question list if you cannot calf. ■.
DR. MEYERS & CO, il||
T" 1 CI/M/o+/M« I HOURS— B to 5 dally- ?;v*it
Take bleVatOr. | Evening, 7to 8. Sundays, 9to 11.
ROBBERS MURDER
"GRANDMA" WYNN
Left Dead by Ransack
ers of Her House.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, Nov. 26.— Aged "Gramd
ma" Wynn, the richest resident of
Brooklyn, 111., and owner of half the
town, which lies across the river from
here, was murdered Friday night or
early Saturday morning by robbers,
who cut her throat and left her dead
in the front yard, after ransacking the
house.
Mrs. Wynn, who frequently had con
siderable money in the house, lived en
tirely alone. She was a kindly old lady,
with many virtues. Her only failing
was a desire to live by herself. She
managed her own estate personally,
collected her rents, banked her money
and invested her savings without con
sulting any one. Mrs. Wynn was esti
mated to be worth from $90,000 to $100...
000.
The murderer or murderers left no
clue. It is not known how much money
they obtained, but the amount must
have been considerable. Mrs. Wynn'g
relatives all live in St. Louis. They
asked her many times to leave Brook
lyn and put her property there in tha
hands of an agent, but she always
refused.
A negro man and woman living near
the scene of the murder have been
arrested on suspicion. They tell con
flicting stories about two tramps and
act suspiciously.
Gun Club's High Jinks.
SAN RAFAEL, Nov. 26.— The new club
house of the San Rafael Gun Club, situ
ated on the border of the marsh near
Burdell's station, was the scene of a gen
eral celebration and "high jinks" by tha
members this evening in honor of the
opening of the game preserve of 519 acres
for shooting.ADVZRTISEMEI7TS.
HENRI ROCHIEFORT
1 The Famous French Journalist.
\
HENRI ROCHEFORT Writes:
Vovr precious "Yin Mariani" has com=
pletely reformed my constitution ; you should
certainly offer some to the French Govern-
ment. HENRI ROCHEFORT.
NEVER HAS ANYTHING BEEN SO HIGHLY AND SO JUSTLY PRAISED AS
MARIANI WINE, THE FAMOUS FRENCH TONIC FOR BODY, N£RVE3 AND BRAIN.
FOR OVERWORKED MEN, DELICATE WOMEN, SICKLY CHILDREN
Yin Mariani is indorsed by the medical faculty all over the world.
It is specially recommended for Nervous Troubles, Throat and Lung
Diseases, Dyspepsia, Consumption, General Debility,
MALARIA, WASTING DISEASES AND LA GRIPPE.
SOLD AT ALL DRUGGISTS EVERYWHERE. REFUSE SUBSTITUTIONS.
YIN MARIANI GIVES STRENGTH
*. N< VI E. All endorsements cited in our advertisements are absolutely bona-
re on file and will be cheerfully submitted to the in»pectlon of any and
riani Tine contains absolutely no injurious properties. It benefits all
• le. A reward of J."->j is offered for Information leadlnp to the arr^^t nnd con-
n. or persona, issuing false and malicious statements calculated to in-
est&bUsbu] reputation of "YIN MAIUANI " MARIANI & CO.
SPFCIAL OFFER— To all who write we send a book containing portraits and in-
aorsements of EMPERORS. EMPRESS. PRINCES, CARDINALS. ARCHBISHOPS and
personages.
MARIANI & CO., 52 WEST 15TH STREET, NEW YORK.
• Boulevard Haufsnann: London- S3 Mortimer Street; Montreal— 2B-30 Hospital St.
EXTRA CITY FUNDS
10 BE APPORTIONED
SUPERVISORS _ CAUCUS I"N SE
CRET TO ALLOT THEM.
New Police Station Is Favored— The
Health Department Is Left
Out in the Cold.
A eeoret conference was held last even-
Ing- of Supervisors Devany, Haskins, j
Erltt, Sheehan and Delany, to determine j
what disposition should be made of the i
$150,000 surplus rash derived from the re- I
cent tax levy. It was not exactly a meet-
Ing of the Finance Committee, for the
chairman of the committee. Supervisor
Rottanzi, was absent. The caucus, how
ever, included the leading spirits of the
close combination in the board which dic
tates the policy In all Important matters.
As stated In yesterday's Call one Item
of proposed expense Is for the building
of a new police station on Seventeenth
street in the Mission district. The esti
mated cost is $60,000 and the Supervisors
In caucus favored the appropriation. It
was a mooted question with them wheth
er or not the Board of Health should re
in additional $10,000 for carrying on
Borne weeks ago, prior to the election,
and other Supervisors favored giv
ing the Health Department an extra $10.
<wf as requested, W the result of the
balloting has completely changed this
feeling and the Democratic Supervisors
caucus yesterday was against doing any
thing to help out the Republican Board of
Health, which It Is expected will be soon
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE OWL DRUG CO.
1128 Market St., S. F., Cal.
J^iSi PATENT
/piP k^ MEDICINES,
K Msm§ Iffl' several good bargains for bright BUYERs<
|^S^ // / EVERY-DAY PRICES: 
Cuticura Soap 15c
§1128 Market St., F., Cal.
PA TENT
MEDICINES.
SEVERAL GOOD BARGAINS FOR BRIGHT BUYERS.
EVERY-DAY PRICES:
Cutlcura Soap 15c
Paine's Celery Compound 60c
WzMi '~~o*<2 '%l!ij Mrs. flllen's Female Restorer..
ii> ' I ' T.'.'. H Carter's Pills 15c
c«w ♦*"'"**% ••••I L»arcer s r*iiis. ioc
3^-^"^ ' - 1 Beecham's Pi 115.......... 15c
■ •'• j Carter's Hair Renewer ...50c
T-' *.. .'i^j Peruna • 85c
w»^gM ■!/" t ..'I When we buy Patent Medicines we buy for
'^^{! •* £ y'^y * *'*•.- I several OWL Drug Stores. We buy by the
'."* ..„ ;!."] dozen gross at a time, not by the dozen bot-
%*Z2L ""-■•''^ 3 *'"** -I ties — we buy in quantities large enough to get
|#"5»J|! !!- ,i. ."i'l ' the very best discounts. This is just one reason
£Jj?gJl •"" jf'j^g. .* • ' _ why we can sell medicines lower than other
igjSjjTj •-•;, .! ... " "s.™ drug store";. Think over this — that's
■ffiJM "* .- yj? '. - * all we need to turn you into a ready buyer.
«!§|2 THE OWL DRUG CO.,
*&£ S^*".'J Cut-Rate Druggists,
1128 Market Street,
Bet. Mason and Taylor. Telephone No. South 356. San Francisco, Cal.
appointed by Governor Gage. The fact
was recognized that the Health Depart
ment needs the money, but partisan pre
judice will hardly permit the Supervisors
to do the fair thing toward it.
'iae Supervisors have delayed action in
apportioning the $150,000 surplus as long
as thoy darert to and have been consider
ing how it can be applied to the best ad
vantage all round. To-morrow they will
proceed to apportion it, so as not to leave
a dolkir of surplus funds for the incoming
Republican Board of Supervisors to han
dle.
Lurline Salt Water Baths,
Bush and Lnrkin sts. Swlmmlns, Rufilan, hot
and cold tub baths. Saltwater fUrect from ocean.
Held for Murder.
Tomaso Kellini, the baker who shot and
killed Mrs. Louisa Parker, alias Spain, in
the saloon, 117 Second street, Sunday, No
vember 6, and wounded George Spreen,
who was with tho woman at the time,
was yesterday held to answer before the
Superior Court by Judge Mogan on a
charge of murder without bail. Kellini ,
did not put In any defense.
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlaelon.
«• ■ .
A Memory of Thanksgiving Day.
One of the most successful charitable
dinners pivpn on Thanksgiving day was
that tendered by the board of lady direct
ors of the Eureka Boys' Home. The little
ones who joined in the feast enjoyed It j
thoroughly, and the pood things that were
profusely handed around to them have
formed the chief topic of conversation
since. The management of the Institu
tion expresses Its appreciation of the
liberality of the general public In sending
the many donations of food that made the
dinner a success.
THE SAN FEANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1893.
BIG FRAUDS IN FERRY
BUILDING CONTRACTS
Startling Revelations Made by the Expert
Employed by the Senate Investigating
Committee.
The State Was Robbed of Almost Sixty-Sewn Thousand
Dollars on Four Contracts Alone - How
the Immense Steal Was Ac
complished.
SUMS STOLEN FROM THE STATE.
_ — _ . i
Galvanized iron contract $14,789 94
Iron and steel contract 3,334 3O
masonry contract 28,042 62
Carpentering and Plaster
ing vuork 20,680 69
Total (investigations to date)s66,B4 7 55
A trifle less than $67,000 is the amount
named by the expert of the Senate In
vestigating Committee as the net loss
to the State on four of the contracts
in connection with the construction of
the new ferry building. In other words,
the State has been robbed of that
amount of money by persons not named
in the expert's report.
The Senate Committee having au
thority to investigate the affairs of all
State institutions undertook the work
of investigating the ferry depot frauds
about three months ago, soon after this
paper had concluded an exhaustive in
vestigation, by which it was proved be
yond a doubt that contractors and in
terested officials had robbed the State
of more than $100,000 in connection with
the construction of the ferry depot
building. The revelations made yester
day by the expert employed by the
committee bear out in eVP*4" detail the
truth of the startling disclosures made
by The Call some months ago, as well
as by a partial report made by the
present Grand Jury. Under the search
ing investigation now being conducted
there is promise that the guilty officials
will be brought to justice and the whole
shameful combination by which vast
sums generously provided by the tax
payers of the State for the erection of
a model depot building for the benefit
of the public have been fraudulently
appropriated by private individuals
will be exposed and broken up.
The Senate Committee met yesterday
afternoon in the rooms of the Harbor
Commissioners in the tery building for
the purpose of taking the testimony of
Expert James W. Reid, the well known
architect, of this city, who. with Archi
tect WB. * aville, has been engaged in
the work of investigating the ferry
building contracts under the -direction
of the members of the committee dur
ing the past three months. The mem
bers of the committee present were:
£pnltor J H Dickinson (chairman),
lenftor W F. Frisk and Senator
fohnJ Boyce. All of the members of
the Board of State Harbor Commis
sioners Architect Swain, Chief Engi
neer Holmes and many interested con-
Tractors were also In a" enda " £ itness
After being placed on the witness
stand Expert Reid stated that his in
the roofing and galvanized iron work,
iron and steel work, masonry work,
and the woodwork and plastering As
four," that the State was a hea V J, ' oS er
hv reason of excessive prices paid to
coVrlctors, and that the " opportu-
Tiltv for the payment of these
excessive prices was brought about by
a system of changes and substitutions
in the original plans under which the
original contracts had been let. *-"<-"
of the four contracts mentioned was
taken un in turn and the various
changes and substitutions made under
authority from the Harbor Commis
sioners and with the approval of Archi
tect Swain were discussed in detail.
Among the items in the contract for
iron and steel work Mr. Reid pointed
out the one having connection with the
i steel braces for the tower. The orig
! inal plans under which the contract
i was let placed these braces on the in
1 side of the structure. Supplemental
i plans were afterward made placing
the braces on the outside of the tower
Later on the plans were again changed
so as to place the braces where they
were originally. These changes cost
the State $1149, which sum represented
a net loss. A change in the style of
certain tie rods cost the State just
$1080 50, and in substituting iron for
steel in another item of construction
the State came out loser to the extent
of $400. In the matter of the steel work
for the large windows for the grand
nave the State was mulcted of the sum
of $600 and the substitution of wooden
for steel doors netted somebody an un
earned profit of $854, which sum, of
course, represents the net loss to the
State on this particular Item of con
struction. The expert's figures show
that on this one contract for the iron
and steel work the State suffered a to
tal loss of $3334 30.
It should be stated here, as the fact
was brought out in evidence, that
Chairman Colnon Is the only member
of the present Board of State Harbor
Commissioners who held office during
the period when the original contracts
were let and during the time when a
majority of the changes and substitu
tions, by means of which the State was
robbed, were authorized.
The next contract taken up by Ex
pert Reid was that for the masonry
work In the building. He was of the
opinion, he said, that the change from
Oregon stone to Colusa sandstone as
the material for the outside walls of the
building did not involve any loss to the
State. The substitution, of ; common
brick for enameled and Roman brick,
and other changes in like material had
resulted in the. State beiner robbed of
the sum of $5496 98. That is to say. the
contractor was paid that amount more
than he should rfave been paid over
and above a legitimate profit. In all
of these cases where * changes and sub-,
stitutions were made the amounts-paid
out were fixed by the Board of Harbor
Commissioners and approved ; by Archi
tect Swain.
The style of floor arches In the build
ing were changed from terra rotta to
expanded metal and this chancre In
volved a net , loss to the State; of : $10.
952 18. It should be understood that in
the case of this item, i as with ', all ) items,
,that . have - been -■ mentioned '% or ; will be
mentioned : as belne a : Dart of the I ex
pert's report, the sum named as the
amount of the net loss to the State rep
resents an illegitimate expenditure for
the work as performed. That is to say,
the State paid a legitimate price for
the work and then, as in the case of
the item just mentioned, paid an ad
ditional $10,952 18 to the interested par
ties.
The State suffered a net loss of
$1772 76 by the changes involved in the
omission of the finish of the mezzanine
floor, changes on the ground floor and
the substitution of wire laths for ceil
ing tiles. Changes in the thickness of
some of the walls involved a loss to the
State of $505, and changes in the speci
fications for certain marble work re
sulted in the public treasury being
robbed of the sum of $2162. Other mar
ble work specified by the expert wa.&
the cause of a net loss of $196, and
some additional masonry work put
$1199 65 unearned dollars into the pock
ets of those who were interested in the
thieving game. The item of extra ce
ment, the use of which was made
necessary by various changes in the
masonry contract, added $3167 S2 to the
bank roll of the conspirators, and the
State was robbed of $2000 in connection
with the construction of the mosaic
floor of the grand nave.
To make a long story short, the ille
gitimate profits in c nnection with the
masonry contract aggregate, accord
ing to the report of Expert Reid, no less
than $25,042 46.
In connection with the contract for
rofing and galvanized iron work, all of
the charges made by The Call were
fully substantiated b" the report of the
expert. In this contract light iron was
substituted for heavy iron, changes
were made in the manner of construc
tion, and items provided for in the
specifications were omitted. This, ac
cording to the report, resulted in a net
lopf to the State of $8244 31. Changes
in the plans for certain items of mold
ing involved a net loss of $302 40. The
contractor charged extra for covering
the west wall of the main waiting room
with galvanized iron, though it was in
cluded in his original contract. For
this he received $2978, all of which was
net profit to him and net loss to the
State.
On this contract, which originally
amounted to less than $20,000, the State
was mulcted of the total sum of $14,
789 94.
The last contract taken up by Expert
Reid was that for carpenter, plastering
and glazing work. He showed that by
the change of the material for the in
terior partitions from oak to Oregon
pine the State was juggled out of the
sum of $10,640 80. Item after Item was
taken up and in almost every instance
where changes were authorized by the
Harbor Commissioners the State was
swindled, the sums usually being pro
portionate to the amount of work done.
On the entire contract the net loss to
the State was stated as being $20,680 69.
The grand total of losse" on the four
con tracts investigated is given as $66,-
S4T 56.
The figures of the expert have to do
with the kind of material and work
actually furnished and do not take Into
account the great loss the State has
suffered by reason of the substitution
of poor and cheap material for the good
and expensive material originally con
tracted for. This is particularly true
of the substitution of Colusa sandstone
for Oregon gray stone. It is not con
tended that one is Inferior to the other,
and the expert in his investigations
was not authorized to go behind the
bids actually made to the Harbor Com
missioners; but it is, nevertheless true
that the Harbor Commissioners, by
their act In substituting one for the
othen, made it impossible for the State
to benefit by the disparity in the bids
for the balance of the material included
in the blanket contract. The effect of
the change was to make the contractor
a present of about $11,000. the difference
in the cost price to him of the two ma
terials.
Several important contracts have yet
to be investigated, and the work of the
Senate Committee will not be com
pleted for several weeks. Another ses
sion will be held on Monday morning,
at which contractors will be given an
opportunity to question Expert Reid on
the accuracy of his report.
TWO OLD MEN GONE TO REST.
One Dies in the Receiving Hospital
and the Other in the Ambulance.
Two old men died suddenly yesterday,
one while being removed from the City
Prison to the City and County Hospital,
and the other in the Receiving Hospital.
A. J. Owen, a veteran of the cival war
and an inmate of the Yountville Home,
fell at Turk and Jones streets Wednesday
afternoon and was taken to the hospital.
He was not much injured, but early yes
terday morning he was stricken with ap
oplexy and died in a few minutes.
John D. Ross, a wheelwright. 75 years
of age, was arrested on Kentucky street
Friday night by Policeman C. Murphy on
a charge of drunkenness. While Judge
lonian was in tho prison yesterday morn
ing discharging "drunks" the old man.
Who was a sufferer from asthma, was
seized with a fit and the ambulance was
summoned to take him tn the City and
County Hospital for treatment, but he
died on the way.
Ladies' tailor-made suits. Fur capes, cloaks,
credit. M. Rothschild. 211 Sutter St.. r. « and 7.
Was Severely Scalded.
Bernard McArdle has sued the A. S.
Neal Warehouse Company and the Ca
hlll & Hall Elevator Company to re
cover damages In the sum of $50,000 for
personal injuries. On October 1, McArdle
alleges that while he was in defendants'
employ a defective valve on a boiler blew
out and he was severely scalded by the
escaping steam. Hence the suit.
SENATORS AND
ASSEMBLYMEN
COME TO TOWN
Legislative Quorum
Present.
COMMITTEE CHAIRMANSHIPS
FOUR CANDIDATES TO HEAD
WAYS AND MEANS.
Lieutenant Governor NefE Listens to
Hints About the Organization
of the Senate for the
Coming Session.
There -was a quorum of the next Legis
lature in San Francisco yesterday and
many of the newly elected Assemblymen
and several of the hold-over Senators as
sembled at the Palace Hotel just after the
Wisconsin was launched. The arrival of
Governor-elect Gage and the event at thp
Union Iron Works attracted the legisla
tors to the city.
Much of the gossip around the Palace
had reference to legislative affairs. The
United States Senatorship was discussed
and many opinions were expressed as to
the preference of individual members of
the Legislature.
Among the guests aboard the Harbor
Commissioners' boat, the Governor Mark
ham, were Senators Dickinson, Bujla.
Morehouse, Boyce and Pnsk, and Aseem
blvman Howard Wright. They .ignored
legislative topics for the time being arid
talked of cruisers, gunboats, battleships
and torpedo craft. .
Later in the day at the headquarters of
the Republican State committee and in
the court and corridors of the Palace
Hotel political topics engaged the atten
tion of visitins and resident statesmen.
Main- a hint was dropped to Jacob rsetT,
Lieutenant Governor-elect, concerning the
good qualities of this or that State Sen
ator for service on some important com
mittee. The Lieutenant Governor may
have some trouble in arranging committee
chairmanships to the entire satisfaction or
the Senate, but his difficulties will be triv
ial compared with those which Howard
Wright, as Speaker of the Assembly, will
encounter when the time comes for mak
ing up the committee lists of the lower
house. Already four Assemblymen aspire
to ihe position of chairman of the \\ ays
and Means Committee. Henry C. Dibble.
Grove L. Johnson, C. M. Belshaw and L.
H Valentine are candidates for this po
sition.
Republican leaders recognize that the
party will be held responsible for the acts
of the incoming Legislature. The Re
publicans control the executive depart
ment and both branches of the Legisla- j
ture, and will therefore be held account
able for all appropriations of public
money.
Some of the politicians perceive an ele
ment of danger to the party in the mag
nitude of the Republican majority. Should
the various State institutions and com
missions applying for allowances of
money combine, as they did in the noto
rious" Buckley Legislature of 1889, a
strength sufficient to overcome the ob
jections of the executive department
might be rallied. Assemblyman Wright
does not apprehend danger in this re
spect. He relies on the wisdom and
strength of the conservative forces to
hold the Legislature in check.
Whatever may be said concerning the
wisdom and virtue of the Legislature, the
people generally build their hopes of
economical administration on the firm
ness of the chief executive officer.
The chairman of the. Senate Finance
Committee can accomplish much good in
keeping appropriations within a proper
limit. At the recent convention of min
ers Governor Budd expressed regret that
Senator Voorheis had retired from legis
lative service, remarking that the Ama
dor Senator, as chairman of that com
mittee, had saved the State a million dol
lars. Senator S. C. Smith of Kern Coun
ty is spoken of as a man possessing many
of the qualities that a chairman of the
Finance Commiee should possess.
The coyote claims are bound to engage
the attention of tne incoming Legislature.
It is said that the claims are now in the
hands of a few respected bankers, and
that the work of handling the bill for
the payment of bounties will not be in
trusted* to talkative agents.
Swedish Ladies' Ball.
The third anniversary entertainment
ami < s hristmas ball of the Swedish Ladies'
Society will be given Saturday evening,
December 3, at Turn Vereln Hall, 323
Turk street. Dancing will continue until
4 a. m. and the programme is composed
of select and interesting numbers.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Visit o-ir Immense and valu-
able assortment of ancient art
ware, and you will surely find
things suitable for an odd and
artistic Christmas present.
THE P. ROSSI CO.,
117 utter Street,
San Francisco, - - - - California. -
14-16 Kearny Street,
\ Is the very best . place to have your eyes ex-
amined an.l have them fitted to Spectacles and
Eye Glasses with instruments exclusively their
own. whose superiority *m« not been ciliated.
i Our succ?ss'has been d- to the merits of our
work.
ftv**\ L A D I E Sdo wo tot
t S^T DR * FELIX L? BRUN'S
•^e-f i Steel | Pennyroyal Treatment
j lis tho original and only FRENCH,
/ f^ safe and reliable cure on the mar-
y •*«• ket. Price. $1.00; sent by mail.
W^-'i-'L i Genuine sold only by.
. GEO. ■■ DAHLBENDER -. & . CO.. Sole Agents.
; 214 Kearny st., San Francisco. ;
; . ..' ADVEBTISEffiEZtfiS. i
r^~^*~^^~^~' _^ __ . , f . ,■ _ . . • ■ -
t : — — : : ~ ; : ~TI
!
CiTY OF jf|j| PARIS
DRY GOODS CO.,
129-141 Geary St., 128-138 Stockton St., Union Square,
SAN FRANCISCO.
ANNOUNCE....
HOLIDAY OPENING
....OF THE- ■
Decorative Art Department
MONDAY, NOVEMBER 28. 1898.
1 ""* (
PAINLESS
DENTISTRY!
r „ Jin mm Teeth filled by Care-
fc?iji;- av^3 f«l. Experienced Den-
*^Wm tlsts at Vi the usual cost
ml rmin XiK i from 25c ■
raH /Ba I I Plates, with free extrtc-
k«L^^a tion, from $4.50
PAINLESS EXTRACTION A SPECIALTY.
Metropolitan Dental Parlors,
DR. T. S. HIGOINS, Proprietor,
927 Market Street.
OTer C»f» Zink&nd. TAKE ELEVATOR.
i
STANDARD MIXED
PAINT!
AT MANUFACTURERS* PRICE,
"ye^c Per
i O Gallon
Reduced from $1 25 per gallon.
Color Card Sent Free.
Money Back If You Do Not Like It.
BUSWELL PAINT CO.,
392 Market St., Cor. Front, S. F.
Jofcaiuiig>.
A Table Water of exceptional
purity and excellence. — London
Lancet.
CAPITALISTS !
ELLIS-STREET CORNER.
75 feet from Powell and one
block from Market street, front-
age of 100 feet on Ellis and 110
feet on Glasgow street,
FOR SALE BY
W. H. CRIM & CO.,
118 Montgomery St.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARN V AND WASHINGTON STS.— RE-
modeled and renovated. KING. WARD &
CO European plan. Rooms 50c to $1 50 day;
$5 to $S week; $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
and cold water every room; tire grates in every
room; elevator runs aliment.
. : --• • ' ~ ' *
ONB^IV^RELIEP,
Don't Spend a Dollar
for
Medicine
until you have tried
I You can buy them in the paper 5-cent cartons
I Ten Tabules for Five Cents.
If you don't find that sort of .
Ripans Tabules
At the Druggist's
"Mac^Sßjgk ■ Send Five Cents to ■ The Ripans Chemical Company, No. i»
Xoff^EJl Spruce St., New York, and they will be sent to you by mail ; or,
r&LJFjjZj 12 cartons will be mailed for 48 cents. The chances are ten to
T^&mfflS? one that Ripans Tabuies are the very medicine you need.
OCEAN TEAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co,
k^ Steamers leave Broadway
w^m^ wharf, San Francisco:
• KreflHfcc For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m..
; |K*£SCi^ Nov. 27, Dec. 3, transfer at
■ It^ViiS^lvi Victoria. Vancouver (B.
j SRI For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
SB^Q^Hki C), Fort To-.vnsend, Seattle,
r^^^^BKsM T:icoma. Everett, Anacortes
and New Whatcom (Wash.), 10
■ a. m., Nov. 27. Dec. 2. and
every fifth day thereafter, transfer at Seattle
to this company's -team*™ for Alaska and G.
N. Ry.. at Tacoma to ; N. P. liy., at Van-
C °kr r E2r?ka P (liumboldt Bay). 2 p. m.. Nov.
25 30 Dec 5, and every fifth day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo).
Gaviota, Santa Barbara. Ventura, Hueneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport, 9 a. m.. Nov. 25. 29, Dec. 3, and every
Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles). 11 a.
m., Nov. 27, Dec. 1, and every fourth day
th For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan. Altata. La Paz, Santa Rosalia
and Guaymas (Me*.), 10 a. m., Dec. la. Jan.
12 Feb. 9, Mar. 9, Apr. 6. .
For further information obtain folder.
The -company reserves the right to change
without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
al jriOß.KT OFFICE —4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO :
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADC $12 First Class Including Berths
iMnu $8 Second Class and Meals.
COLUMBIA sails Nov. 24, Dec. 4, 14, 24
STATE OF CAL. sails.... Nov. 29, Dec. 9, 19, 23
Short line to Walla Walla, Spokane. Butte,
Helena ■ and all points in the Northwest.
I Through tickets to all points East.
E. C. WARD, General Agent,
630 Market street.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents. >
Compagnie Generate Transatlantique.
r (French Line)
DIRECT LINE TO HAVRE-PARIS --^
(FRANCE). Sailing; every Saturday <2jn_L?>
at 10 a. m.. from Pier 42. North ■ TnT'ii" 'I >
River, foot of Morton street.
LA TOURAINE Dec. 3
LA GASCOGNE Dec. 10
LA CHAMPAGNE Dec. 17
LA BRETAGNE Dec. 24
LA NORMANDIE Dec. 31
First-class to Havre $90 and upward, 5 per
' cent reduction on round trip. Second-class ta
i Havre $45, 10 per cent reduction round trip.
I GENERAL AGENCY FOR UNITED STATES
| AND CANADA. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Pacific Coast Agents. 5
Montgomery avenue, San Francisco.
j .
fmrnammmaß The S. S. MOANA,
a! is 3*B*l2l. sails via Honolulu and
- 'C"* 5 """ Auckland for Sydney
y ™ "j Wednesday, November
Xx/'l/\X x /'l/\ 30. at 10 p. m.
SfMmSninc) s. s. Australia
G)lWlllJlll r ' v Ba ii a for Honolulu
ZnTilFfflDm Wednesday, December
lyilfJUJtqi^ at 2 p.m.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPS
i TOWN, South Africa.
i J. D. SPRECKELS BROS. & CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery st.
! Freight office— 327 Market St.. San Francisco.
BAY AND BIVEB STEAMEES.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat..
9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurm.)
Fridays • 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
: Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 3 p. m.
Landing and offices— Dock. Pier 4.
• Telephone Main 15CS. '^^
IWeeMyGall, $1.50 w Year
1112
AN FRANCISCO CALI_
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner o/ Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS7 Hayes street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
£31 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
tila Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock,
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
Zlil Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 8 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until 9 o'clock.
5f.26 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
N\V. corner of Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock. _________
CHURCH NOTICES^
FIRST Church of Christ, Scientist, Central
block, 223 Sutter st., bet. Kearny and Grant
aye.— Christian Science Bible lessons, 11 a, m. !
and I'M p. m. Subject, morning, "God the j
Only Cause and Creator." Evening, "The
Path of the Just." Sunday school for chil-
dren. 11 a. m. Testimonial meeting Wednes-
day evening at 8 o'clock. All are welcome.
CENTRAL Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion st., between Sixth and Seventh— Dr.
Charles Edward Locke, pastor, will preach;
subject at 11 a. m., "The Courage of Jesus," ;
followed by holy communion. At 7:45 p. m. ;
•A Soldiers' Memorial Service" will be held
in memory of the sufferers of the recent war. |
Dr Locke will deliver the sermon. There i
will be patriotic music and decorations. Sun- I
day-school at 1 p. m.. Rolla V. Watt, super- |
intendent. Christian Endeavor. 6:15 p. m.
Midweek prayer service Wednesday evening.
This is a people's church. Everybody in-
vited. Chorus choir, J. J. Morris, leader.
All seats free.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal I
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev John Stephens, pastor; residence. _309
Ha'.ght St. Preaching at 11 a. m, and i:M
ii m. The pastor will preach at both ser-
vices. Topic at 11 a. m.. "The Mystery of |
Godliness," and at 7:30 p. m., a thanksgiving
praise service will be rendered by the choir, j
with a special address by the pastor. Sunday
school at 12:30 p. m. C. B. Perkins, superin-
tendent. Epworth league meeting at 6:30
p. m. Prayer meeting Wednesday evening
at 7:45 p m. The public cordially invited to
all the services of this church. Seats free.
Ushers in attendance.
PLYMOUTH Congregational Church, Post st.,
near Webster— Services to-day at 11 a. m. and
73u p m. Sunday school at '.':3O a. m. Rev.
F. B CherinKton. D.D., past will preach
morning and evening. Morning subject.
"Helpfulness Man's Highest Mission.
Evening subject. "God's Law in Heart and
Mind." The public cordially invited^
FIRST Congregational Church, cor. Post and I
Mason sts.— Rev. George C. Adams. D.D., ,
pastor, will preach at 11 a. m. and 7:30 p. m. j
Morning theme, "The Great Day of the Lord '■
Is Near. " Evening theme, "Absolute Help- ;
lessness." All are cordially invited.
WEST SIDE Christian, Bush St.. near Devlg-
aJero— ll a. m., sermon by Rev. F. M. Kirk- ;
ham; subject. "The Sure Foundation.'.' Even-
ing service, 7:20; lecture by Miss Devalling,
general organizer for the W. C. T. U.
FIRST Presbyterian Church, corner Van Ness
aye. and Sacramento St.— Rev. Robert Mac-
kenzie, D.D.. pastor. Rev. Edwin H. Jenks.
co-pastor. Di*. Mackenzie will preach at 11
a. in. Mr. Jenks will preach at 7:30 p. m. ;
subject, "Joseph— A Character Study." Sun-
day school at 12:45 p. m. Y. P. S. C. E. at
6:15 p. m. All are welcome.
UNION Square Free Will Baptist Church. Bush
Ft., between Hyde and Larkin— Preaching
Sunday 11 a. m.; evening 7:45 o'clock. Sun-
day school, 12:30. Y. P. S. C. E.. 6:45. The
services will be conducted by Rev. Henry j
Ford, field secretary of the Free Will Bap-
tist churches of the United States. Mr.
Ford is well known In missionary work and ,
has labored extensively in Eastern cities, but
this is his first visit to California. Seat*
free. Music by the choir. All are welcome
and cordially invited.
THE First Divine Science Church— M. E.
Cramer, pastor. Discourse at 11 a. m. ; sub-
ject, "Thanksgiving." Services every Sunday
in Yosemite Hall, Native Sons' building.
Mason Ft., bet. Geary and Post; take elevator.
AT the Strangers' Sabbath Home. 643 Howard
St.. Methodist Episcopal Church, between
Second and Third sts.— Rev. Dr. John A. B.
Wilson, pastor. 11 a. m. subject. "Divine
Expectations." Anthem. "Let Every Soul
Be Subject" (Sir John Staines): offertory, so-
prano solo "Heaven and Earth" (Pinsute),
Miss May Cook. 7:30 p. m.. "A Silent God."
Anthem, "This Is the Day" (Johnson); of-
fertory by Frank Robinson, "Just for To-
- day." After meetings. Gospel wagon work,
an.l special meetings every night during the
week. Memorial service for Charles J.
Smith, friend of boys, Tuesday night.
ASSOCIATION Building, Mason and Ellis sts.
Special address to young men this after-
noon at 3 o'clock by Rev. Dr. Curry. Sub-
ject, "What Can We Know About Heaven?"
All young men welcome. Illustrated lecture
on Cuba and the Spanish war next Thursday
evening; beautiful dissolving views; admis-
sion complimentary. All members entitled
. to four tickets. Secure them at the office.
REORGANIZED Church of Jesus Christ. 320
Post St.— Preaching by F. M. Sheehy at 11
a. m. and 7:30 p. m. This church was or-
ganized by command of God to proclaim the
restored Gospel as a sign of the coming of
Jesus Christ to judge the world. To prepare
■ a people "zealous of good works." Strangers
• Invited. C. A. Parkin, pastor.
THEOSOPHICAL Society — Public lectures
every Sunday evening at 8 o'clock In Odd
Fellows' building. Market and Seventh sts.
To-night. "The Soul," by Mr. W. L. Ducey
of Michigan. Inquirers' meeting Tuesdays at
8 p. m. and Thursdays at 3 p. m Lotos
circle for children every Sunday at 2:30 p. m.
UNIVERSAL Brotherhi Lodge No. 7.
(Theosophical Society in America.)
(International Brotherhood League.)
819 Market St.— Lecture to-night. "Chris-
tianity." Dr. H. Kylberg: Tuesday night,
"The Unity of Religions"; Saturday night,
"Equality; Whft Is It .'"
SUNDAY MEETINGS.
AT Dr. Rine's Spiritual Society, 909 Market;
11. free; 2-S p. m.. 10c: Mrs. Gillingham. Bar-
clay. Hendee- Rogers, Mr. Hanson; Tuesday,
335 McAllister St., 8 p. m. ; Wednesday, - p.
m.. 238 Howard Bt.; reading test?.
SOCIETY of Progressive Spiritualists, Occi-
dental Hall. cor. Larkin and McAllister. Sun-
day Nov. 27. at 7:30 p. m.: speaker Mrs. R.
S. ~Lillie; subject, "Holy Days"; admisn., 10c.
SUNDAY night platform— Dr. York speaks at
Scottish Hall, 1-ark'n St.. this evening on
"Matter. Mind and Spirit '; voluntary collec-
tions: seats free.
ATTEND Mrs. Eberhardt's test meeting, 8 p.
m.. Excelsior Hall, Mission St., bet. 19th and
2flth; 10c.
K. HEUSBM ANN'S spiritual lecture 11 a. m..
rree; test meeting 8 p. m.. 10c. 641 Jessie st. '
MME. YOUNG'S convlnclns test circle to-
night, 10c. 605 McAllister st.; come, skeptics.
FRAUD Spiritualists' meeting. 2 p. m.,
107 Larkin st. Mrs. Irene Smith and others.
OAKLAND— Mrs. Lillle speaks at Odd Fellows"
Hall, corner Eleventh and Franklin, 11 a. m.
MRS. HENDEE-ROGERS convincing test cir-
cle to-night; readings dally. 1004 Market fit.
A TEST meeting Bp. m., 100. 335 McAllister st.
Stitt. Nita, Mrs. Bird, Hargrave, others.
ATTENTION!— Be cured of the tobacco habit.
Call and see MRS. SEAL. 280 Valencia at.
MRS. EGGERT AITKEN, test medium; sit-
tings daily. 120 McAllister st.; flat L_
JOHN SLATER, test seance to-night at 8
sharp; 909 Market St.; admission 15c,
MOTHER SADIE: materializing seance to-day,
12 o'clock: COc. 409 Leavenworth st.
EDWARD EARLE. Independent slate writer.
330 Ellis St.: sittings daily.-
MRS. M. FAVRE. 148 Eddy st.
MEETING NOTICES.
BAN FRANCISCO Consistory No. r_ n_*
1. — Officers and members are re- Ts_l
quested to meet at the Tern- « SB ! is '
pie on SUNDAY. Nov. 27. at KIJPIBM'
12:30 o'clock p. m., to attend the Siffitti ||ltjfalJ,
funeral of our late brother, *f" IHI IS
COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE. r-H^
GEO. J. HOUE, Registrar. fi__fl
ASYLUM of Golden Gate Commandery -r.
No. 16, K. T., 625 Sutter Bt.— Officers 'ESfl*
and members of this commandery are jITJ
hereby notified to assemble at the asy- *«?
lum in fuli uniform on SUNDAY, No- V
vember 27, at 12:30 o'clock for the purpose of I
attending the funeral of our late rater Past
Commander COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE
CHAS. L. PATTON. Em. Com.
TO. T. FONDA. Recorder.
MISSION Lod*e No. 169. F. and A. M.— *'<
Officers and members are hereby notl-____
fled to attend the funeral of our de- _t _T
erased brother. COLUMBUS WATER- 'V^
HOUSE. "from the hall of the lodge TO-DAY
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock. By order of the
W. M C. D. BUNKER. Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— m
Officers and members are hereby notl- _J% •
fled to attend the funeral of our de- '_[ jf
ceased brother, COLUMBUS WATER- /V> i
HOUSE, from the hall of the lodge, TO-
MORROW (SUNDAY), at 1:30 o'clock. By
order of the W. M.
C. D. BUNKER, Secretary.
PAST Masters' Association of Callfor- m
nla— officers and members are re- J\
quested to meet at Masonic Temple Ts2f
THIS DAY (SUNDAY), November 27, 'V x
1&S8, at 10:30 O'clock a. m., to attend the fu-
neral services of our deceased brother, JM-
LIUS REIMER, W. Master of Crockett
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. W. By order of
the president. L. SCHUMACHER. Sec. _
CROCKETT Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M
M.— Officers and members are re- _#\_ i
quested to attend the funeral of our fLJ\
deceased brother. W. M. JULIUS /"V>
REIMER. from Masonic Temple on SUN-
DAY, the 27th inst., nt 10:30 a. m. By order
9/ th« B. W. H. FORTRIEDE. Secretary.
MEETING NOTIC_S->Contlnued.
OCCIDENTAL Lodge No. 22, F. and A. _
M. — Officers and members are re- _*«_
quested to attend the funeral of our IC_T
late brother. JAMES M. LEITHEAD, /^TV
on SUNDAY AFTERNOON. November 27,
1898. The lodge will be called on In St.
John's Hall, Masonic Temple, corner Post
and Montgomery sts., at 2 p. m. By order
of the W. M. GEO. W. ROOT, Secretary.
CALIFORNIA LODGE No. 1, I. O. -sS___-
O. Initiation MONDAY EVE- ~££Z!xSf
NING, November 28.
H. LUKE, N. G. syffi®-
MISSION Chapter No. 156, O. E. S.— w^y
Officers and members are requested .JB^.
to attend the funeral of our deceased "Ta^
brother, COLUMBUS WATERHOUSE. v
Mission Masonic Temple, 2668 Mission St.,
THIS DAY (Sunday) at 2 p. m. By order
of the W. M.
M. G. FOSTER. Secretary.
ST. ANDREW'S Society.— An- _ C? >.
drew's day will be celebrated at 3V. Oty/J
the Palace Hotel next WEDNES- iVxfcf
AY EVENING. Officers installed *fca9*
at 6:80; banquet at 7 o'clock. Tickets at Mr.
Reid's. 907 Market st.
JaS. S. WEBSTER. President.
A. C. BALLINGALL. Secretary.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the hydraulic
process from the Wintz Mining and Improve-
ment Company, in its mine near Pleasant
Valley. El Dorado County, to deposit tailings
on a flat below the mine; from Joel Bean, in
the Cleveland mine No. 2. near Scales, Sierra
County, to deposit tailings in Rock Creek;
from J. B. Jones, in the Haskell Valley mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings on a flat below the mine; from
Thomas Gomez, In the Snowy Side mine,
near Buck's Ranch, Plumas County, to de-
posit tailings in Willow Creek; from N. H.
Frits. in the New York mine, near Buck's
Ranch. Plumas County, to deposit tailings In
Willow Creek; from J. C. Homer. in the
Chaplain mine, near Buck's Ranch. Plumas
County, to deposit tailings in Willow Creek;
from Llewellyn A. Hoeflich, In the Rocky
Bar mine, near Nelson Point, Plumas County,
to deposit tailings in worked-out pits, and
from C. W. Ayers, In the Oriole gravel mine,
near Jamestown, Tuolumne County, to deposit
tailings on a flat below the mine, gives no-
tice that a meeting will be held at room 59,
Flood building, San Francisco. Cal., on De-
cember 12. 1898, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of the stockholders of the Mutual Elec-
tric Light Company will be neia at the office
of the company, 617 Howard St., San Fran-
cisco, California, on MONDAY, the 6th day
of December, 15SS, at the hour of 10:30 o'clock
a. m., for the purpose of electing a board of
directors to serve for the ensuing year, and
the transaction of such other business as
may come before the meeting.
JAMES FISHER. Secretary.
DIVIDEND NOTICES.
DIVIDEND No. 87 (fifty cen per share) of
the Oceanic Steamship °-mpar. •• will be pay-
able at the office of the company, 327 Market
st. on and after Thursday. December 1, IS9B.
Transter books will close on Friday. Novem-
ber 25. IS9B. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery St., room* 0-10; lei. &SBO
ROOMS papered from $3; whitened, $1 up;
painting done. Har'.mann Paint Co.. 343 3d st:
SITUATIONS WANTED— PEM ALE.
COMPETENT German cook, best of reference,
desires a situation in city or country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st. '
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, lately from the
East, would like a few more engagements by
the day; terms reasonable. Address 508 Grove.
GOOD reliable woman would like to get any
kind of work by the day. Please call or ad-
dress 253 Minna st.
YOUNG Protestant woman wants situation to
do housework. 1111 Sutter St., room 9.
COOK and wife wish situations in hotel, board-
ing-house or restaurant; will work cheap;
city or country; strictly temperate. &02 Mont-
gomery St., room 21. •
EXPERIENCED dressmaker, good cutter and
fitter in latest designs, will accept more en-
gagements In families; $125 per day; refer-
ences. Apply at 1212 Scott et.
PROTESTANT old lady, trustworthy, wishes
to make herself useful in kind, nice family.
Address, by letter only, MRS. C, 431 Pre-
clta aye.
EXPERIENCED young girl wishes place in a
bakery: references. < 1225 Devisadero St.,
Streets' bakery. '
WOMAN wants general housework In city or
country; $12. 2'il Clementina St.; no postals.
YOUNG lady wishes light housework in ex-
change for board for herself and husband.
Address 746 Howard st.
LAUNDRESS wishes work by day In private
family; references. M. E., box 1690. Call.
RESPECTABLE woman wishes situation as
working housekeeper; city or country. 1024',i
Folsbm St.. between Sixth and Seventh.
WOMAN with little girl 3**, years wants house-
work or csoking In return for room and board;
no triflers. Address box 16.>>$. Call office.
BRIGHT American girl, age 14, wishes a situ-
ation to care for baby or to assist in light
housework. Please call at 307 Third st.
YOUNG strong German woman wants wash-
ing. Ironing, cleaning; $1 and car fare. M.,
1133 Foisom st.
WANTED— by the day, cooking or any
kind of housework; $1 and car fare. Address
or call at 219 Seventh st.
AMERICAN woman wishes housework in a
small American family, good cook; no wash-
ing; wages {12 to $15. 746 Mission st.
YOUNG woman; position, to do housekeeping.
142 Sixth st. room 2. i
WOMAN wishes work of any kind by the day.
138 Lexington aye., near Nineteenth st.
SEAMSTRESS will take -work home or go In
families; 75c day. 2748 Harrison St., nr. 24th.
HOUSEKEEPER wishes position. Call or ad-
dress J. W., branch Call office. 1941 Mission.
WOMAN wants work by the day. Apply
branch Call office, 1041 Mission st.
DRESSMAKER of experience wishes more en-
gagements by the day: good fitter; will give
references. Call or address 589 p'Farrell st.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit in 1 day. 22 Octavla st.
YOUNG lady would like to get some kind of
work by the day. Call or address F. C. 1422
i Montgomery st. ■■ ....
THOROUGH, active young woman, well rec-
ommended, wishes work by the day; house-
cleaning, washing or ironing. Apply by let-
ter to M. A., 114 Hayes st.
DRESSMAKER would like few more engage-
ments by day; good fitter; reasonable. 10
Hopeton Terrace, off Washington, bet. Stock-
ton and Powell.
YOUNG woman with a child 3 years old would
like housework in a family; city or country.
Call at 147 Ninth st.
SITUATION wanted by young woman to do
tecoiid work in family or hotel; city or coun-
try. Box 1878. Call.
RELIABLE woman wishes situation as house-
keeper. Box 1862, Call.
RESPECTABLE lady wishes a position as
housekeeper, chambermaid or saleslady. Ad-
dress box 384, Call office. Oakland.
GERMAN widow wishes a situation as house-
keeper in a small family. Please call at
I('26'<2 Washington st.
PRACTICAL stenographer wants position; will
substitute; mimeographing. Address "Sten-
ographer." 808 Leavenworth st. >
SITUATION'S WASTED— MALE.
JAPANESE-CHINESE Emp. Agency; all kind*
help. GEO. AOKI. 30 Geary: tel. Grant 66. t
CHINESE and Japanese Employment O:nc«.
heft help. 414H O'Farrell Ft.: tel Ka*t 4.»«
WANTED— By reliable young man. situation
on private place; understands care of horses
and garden. Box 1682. Call office.
EXPERIENCED porter, handy with tools, un-
derstands the care of horses, desires position.
Box 456, Call office. -, •
SITUATION by American dairyman and wife;
man is first-class cheeaemaker and milker.
Address .1. HAVES. Berkeley, Alameda Co.
MAN wishes position to care for horses, gar-
den; good driver; handy with tools; private
residence. Address box 1672, Call.
GENTLEMAN wants position; can give refer-
erences and security; no partnership. Box
1871. Call. . .-■ ' .
WANTED — milking or driving team; state
wages. J. 8.. box 1874, Call.
YOUNG man wants situation; understands care
of horses, cows, garden; reference: state the
| ' wages. J. A. MACPONALD, 214 Third st.
BAKER, first class on cakes and bread, wants
situation. Address 1015 Clay st.
WAN i ED— Position by young man 18 years
old on a small ranch: good home preferred
more than anything else. Box 1673, Call. ' '
YOUNG man wants employment "as coachman
or gardener; can give reference If required.
Box 1684. Call office.
PLUMBER, first-class, will ork by the day
or month for property-owner or estate; has all
necessary shop tools. Box ISSS, all office.
YOUNG man IS years of age. who lives with
: his parents, : can furnish, the >><"»t of ; recom-
! mendations, wants employment ' In some re-
' spectable business; would like to get Into, a
wholesale store to U-arn the business: is not
afraid of work: salary, no obiect- for' the
present. Please address H. L. ■ M., box; 1685,
Call office.
THE SAX FKA^CISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
' SITUATION'S WASTED- Continued.
COLORED man and wife wish positions as
cooks in boarding house. 1608 Leavenworth st. j
WILL give $1000 in realty adjoining park for
permanent position, commencing Jan. 1; city
or country: have 10 years' experience In book-
keeping, stenography and typewriting; refer-
ences given. E. H. SILSBY, Linda Vista,
Oakland.
GOOD Japanese boy wants situation as school j
boy. Address box 1676. Call office.
YOUNG man of good address, Inexperienced
to the customs of this country, desires a po-
sition of any kind In German house that gives
him an opportunity to work himself ahead.
Address M. W., 360 Jessie st.
SITUATION wanted by young man to work
around factory or wholesale house; handy
with tools; also good hostler and driver. Box
1881. Call office. :
SITUATION wanted by good hostler and driver
in private place or stable; city or country;
also handy with tools. Box 1877, Call office.
POSITION of any kind wanted by steady young
man. Address P. S. R., 153 Winchester House,
Third st. : "
NEAT, educated Japanese wishes situation as
porter, in store., hotel or saloon; has first-
class references. Address box ISSS, Call.
MAN and wife wish to take charge of place
:n country; small farm, orchard. 23 Scott pi.
SITUATION, middle-aged man take care i
horses, milk cow, and good gardener; handy j
with carpenter tools; at low wages; best
references. Box 1645. Call office.
EXPERIENCED fireman wishes situation; best
reference. Box 1647, Call office.
COACHMAN wants situation; single; under-
stands gardening;, thorough horseman; best
references; not afraid of work. Box ISS9. Call.
BY middle-aged man. German, generally use- I
ful, to take care of horses, cow and garden ,
In private family; references. O. M.. 674 East
Sixteenth St.. East Oakland.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms: 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to $3
week: convenient and respectable; free 'bus
and baggage to and from ferry.
~ HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
7 WAITRESSES, city and country, $22 50 and I
$20; 6 restaurant waitresses, $5, $li, $7; 2 lunch I
waitresses, $3 50; 3 chambermaids to wait, $20; i
cook, Institution, $30; 2 cooks for delicacy
store. $30 and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 '
Geary s *. j
SCANDINAVIAN housegirl for country, $30. I
fare paid; Scandinavian housegirl for city, !
125; cook for email family, Alameda,- $25, sea !
lady here; second girl, city, $25; French sec- ,
ond girl. $20, and a great many houseglrls of j
all nationalities for city and country. $15 to
$25. C R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
3 HOUSEWORK girls. $20 and $25; Oakland,
$15; Fresno, $20; San Rafael, $25; Modesto,
$15; Merced. *15; Kennett. $20, and others.
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter st.
EXPERIENCED tailoress. 22471; Mission St.;
call early.
GIRL for light housework and to assist with ,
baby; wages $10. Call Monday afternoon at \
2222 Geary st.
GIRL wanted for general housework. Apply at
1323 Stockton St.
GIRL for cooking and downstairs; city refer-
ences. 2202 Jackson st.
GERMAN girl, 14 to 16 years, to do light house-
work. 33 1 * Casseill aye., near Castro and 18th.
WANTED— Skirt hand and Improver. . 2014
Sutter st.
LADIES to embroider; good-paying, easy work
sent to your home: addressed envelope for
sample and materials. EMPIRE EMBROI-
DERY WORKS. 23 Duane St.. New York City.
WANTED— first-class cloak saleswoman for
Sacramento. Apply to WEINSTOCK, LUBIN
_ CO., 527 Market St., from 9:20 a. m. to 12
m. to-day (Sunday). .
WANTED— A first-class saleswoman for lace
and embroidery department. Apply to
WEINSTOCK. LUBIN & CO., . .27 Market St.,
from 9:30 a. m. to 12 m. Sunday, for Sacra-
mento.
FOR country, good cook and general house-
work. Monday. 10 to 3. 1617', Webster st.
EXPERIENCED operators on fronts of negligee >
shirts at GREENEBAUM. WEIL _ MICH-
ELS. "31 Mission st.
WANTED— A girl for general housework;
wages $15. Apply 2134 Pierce st.
FIRST-CLASS tailorfsei on pants. PA Monroe
St., off Bush, near Stockton.
WANTED— GirI for lieht housework and to
care for child; wages $8. 132 A Fourteenth st ,
near Howard. -
_____
WANTED— Experienced operators on white and <
flannel shirts; also a few young girls desir- j
ous of being instructed can rind employment
at the STANDARD SHIRT FACTORY, cor- |
ncr Gough and Grove sts.
WANTED— We require a few young girls
about 16 years of age to assist in our laun-
dry department. STANDARD SHIRT FAC-
TORY, corner Gough and Grove sts.
20 YOUNG lady waiters at Kalraar Dance Hall,
811% Kearny st. Call between 2 and 4 p. m.
and after S p. m. .
OPERATORS wanted on ladies' wear. KRA-
KER, 226 Bush st.
WANTED— An experienced saleslady at RAj
I'll A EL'S. ;
WANTED— A good girl for general housework.
36-38 East St.. third floor.
FIRST-CLASS tailoress on coats. 22 Stockton
place, off Stockton St.. near Post.
LADY under 30 as working housekeeper; email
flat: 2 gentlemen. Box 1671, Call office. j
FIRST-CLASS saleslady wanted. Call Mon-
day, Columbia Cloak and Suit House, 1022
Market ft. '
LA.DIES! Now Is the time to learn dressmak- |
'ing and millinery; we teach the world-re-
nowned McDowell system of dresscuttlng.
late Improvement; every branch of dressmak- <
ing and millinery thoroughly taught: easy
payments; unlimited lessons: all are invited ,
to inspect our school: patterns cut to order
25 cents up. The McDowell Dressmaking and
Millinery School. 103 Post st.
WANTED— once. 10 ladies for the Monte
Carlo Theater. Call on ARCHIE LEVY. 6
Eddy St., room 116.
MAKERS, throughout, on Eurekas; steady
work. CARSON GLOVE CO.. 35 Market st.
COATMAKEKS to work Inside. 223 Sutter St.,
upstairs.
FIRST-CLASS hair dressers: also apprentices i
for hair work. O. LEDERER'S, 123 Stockton. j
LADIES and girls to do piece work at home;
steady empty: embroidery taught. 548 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery; positions
free: patterns. t'c up. McDowell's. 113 Post.
LEARN sewing at KEISTER'S; good positions;
patterns. 10c up. 118 McAllister st. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, In wrapper, for mailing.
HELP WASTED- MALE.
MURRAY & READY Telephone Main SS4S
...Leading Employment and Labor Agents...
Want Monday, 7 a. m
84 woodchoppers $1 50 and $1 cord
65 tie makers Be, 9c and 12c each
6 farm hands.. $26, $_ and $20 and found
3 choreboys for ranches... s6 and $10 and found
3 teamsters, city 5 laborers, city
3 boys to learn trades, city Jobs $3 week
„. .....MURRAY & READY.
634 and 636 Clay st.
SAME Hotel ..Head waiter, $30
Country ....Walter. $25
Country.... .............Pantryman. $25 |
6 waiters, different places $25 and found
9 cooks $50, $45. $30 and $25 and found
......MURRAY & READY,
','.','.'.'. 634 and 636 Clay st.
HEAD and second cook, railroad eating house,
Nevada, $100, free fare; second cook, country
hotel $40, free fare; head cook, second-class
country hotel, $50, fare advanced; restaurant |
cook. Washington, $60; short order cook,
Email country hotel. $35; second baker, small !
country bakery. $35 and found: short order |
cook and waiter, small country hotel, $30;
cook, country restaurant. $10 a week ana
fare advanced; porter, country hotel, $20. C.
11. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
AT C. R. HANSEN & CO.'S. . ..Tel. Grant 183
5500 railroad* laborers for
Skaguay. fare reduced t0.... v '.;... .....
$14 50 to Skaguay $14 50
Subcontracts and station work, both rock
and earth, $1 to $1 50 a yard for rock, 25c to
3"c a yard for earth. Further particulars and
tickets at C. R. HANSEN & CO. 1 S. 104 Geary
st. : ship Tuesday morning.
TEAMSTERS, coast road, free fare.
Laborers, - mountain railroad, ship Monday.
C. R. HANSEN _ CO., 104 Geary st.
BOY for drusr store. 1044 Valencia St., cor.
Hill. -
BRIGHT boy to help In grocery store and drive
wagon: wages $3. per week. Address box
1677. Call office. .
TAILORS on custom  coats; ; steady work for
good men. 106 Battery st.
FIRST-CLASS cook wanted at 1212V4 Polk st.
Model Restaurant. • . _^
SALESMAN staple article: city and country;
factory to consumer; . permanent; ; profitable.
118 Eddy Ht. ■ '■• r ■-;■;:.-
COAT maker for short .■" distance In country.
- ALEX NOTE—AN, 240 Taylor St.; basement.
WANTED— A I gents' furnishing salesman, at
RAPHAEL'S. :
BOY to wash dishes at . night ; ; $4 per ; week,
i 210 O'Farrell st. ,/.
wanted— Young man for night cook. - 18
j East st.
HELP WAV- ED— Continued^
WANTED— Quick; amateur actor: general
utility; mean business; no triflers. RICHARD
j FOOTE. 556 Geary st. ; '*-
j MANAGER— Good business manager with $i:>O0
for Oakland; active man or woman with
this amount will learn of an opportunity to
make $200 per month from the start; Investi-
gate. NOVITA COMPANY. 79 Dearborn St.,
Chicago. ' - : •__ ■ -
WANTED— Reliable men and women In every
town to work for us; neat, steady employ-
ment; good wages; no deception; no delay;
send us your address and we will send you
work Immediately. Address Standard Art
Mfg. Co., 142 West Twenty-third St., New
. York City, room A.
WANTED for the U. S. Army— Able-bodied
unmarried men between ages of 21 and 3»,
citizens of the United States, of good char-
acter and temperate habits, who cat. speak,
read and write English. For Information ap-
ply to recruiting officer. 425 Montgomery St..
San Francisco, Cal.
RESPONSIBLE --oung man to deliver and col-
lect for wholesale liquor house: fair wages to
start: must put up $300 cash security. Box
1875. Cai. office. ,
TO Go To-day— 3oo pairs men's second-hand
shoes, some nearly new, from 25c to $1; new
shoes, slightly damaged, half price. 562 Mis-
sion st., bet. First and Second sts. Open all
day Sunday.
! WILL give office boy business education in-,
exchange for services. Box 1663, Call office.
COATMAKERS to work inside. 223 Sutter St.,
upstairs.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States Ma-
rine Corps, United States navy; 'able-bodied,
unmarried men between the ages of 21 and 30
years, who are citizens of the United States,
or those who have legally declared their in-
tention to become such: must be of good char-
acter and habits and able to speak, read and
write English, and be between 5 feet 5 inches
and 6 feet In height. For further information
apply at the Recruiting Office, 40 Ellis St.,
San Francisco, Cal.
$23 A WEEK and expenses to sell cigars on
time: experience unnecessary; holiday goods.
W. L KLINE CO., St. Louis, Mo.
WANTED — Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkln, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House, 217 Third St.; 150 large
rooms, 2Co per night; $1 to $3 per week.
WANTED— At Montana House, 764"* Mission
St., men to take rooms; 10c, I.V and 25c per
night; 60c. 90c and $1 per week.
PARTNER In barber business: must be tem-
perate and have some means. Box 1642.
AMATEUR musicians for social purposes. 323
Bush St.. room 4. third floor.
MEN' and women to learn barber trade at San
Franclsc- P-rber College, 13S«_ Iklghth st.
BARBERS' Association Free Employment
Office. S. FUCHS. Sec. 32.' Grant aye. :
MEN to learn barber trade: easy terms; or
trade guaranteed. $15. 1542 Market st.
TRY I.lndell House. Sixth and Howard sts.:
thoroughly renovated: 200 rms; 15c, 25c night.
SINGLE rooms, 15c. 20c, 25c per night; 75c, $1
to $2 50 per wk. Elcho House. 863V4 Market st.
BARBERS" Progressive Union: free employ-
in" H. Bernard. Sec. 104 7th; tel. Jessie 1164.
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order. $2 50: man's
solelnp, 35c; only one price. 923 Howard st.
WANTED— collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency. 112 Sutter st.
SAILORS and ordinary seamen wanted at
LANE'S, 504 Davis st.. near Jackson. .;.'.;■:.
SINGLE, furnished, fine, larce. sunny and airy
room. 25c night. Rosedale House, 321 Ellis st.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market St.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night: $1 a week.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S, 26 Steuart. i
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket; 200 rooms, 25c night: reading-room; frea
'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS of Pacific Coast— Send us your ad-
dress: our best men make $175: Inexperienced,
$100 per nth: quick returns: agents like
our business. Address THOS. H. FOOTE &
CO.. 337 Bauchet at.. Los Angeles. Cal.
HARVEST for canvassers; secure territory to-
day. PORTLAND ART EMPORIUM, base-
ment. 415 1 * Franklin Ft.
DEWEY Publishing CO., WeEtfield. Mass..
wants local agents for life of Admiral George j
Dewey and Dewey family history.
ACTIVE woman to take measures for Clark's
new electric and Royal Queen corsets: salary
and commission. Call 1233 Broadway. Oakland.
100 GOOD agents: good profits; article every
family needs. 513 Taylor st. Hours 10:30. 1:30.
HOUSES WANTED.
BY responsible couple, rooming house. 10 to 30
rooms: rent or take charge. Box 161 S. Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD WANTED.
WANTED— By an elderly lady, front room and
board: not more than $16. Address M. 1., I
M;iri|»*a House. IK:' Mission Ft.
ROOMS WANTED.
FURNISHED room wanted by quiet person
with respectable private family: permanency
if terms are low. Address to E. WITT, box
1886, Call office.
GENTLEMAN desires nicely furnished room
not far from Chronicle; reasonable. Box
1572. Call.
GENTLEMAN wants pleasant room with re-
fined family east Van Ness. Ad. box 1659. Call.
WANTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
WANTED— To hire for a few months a second-
hand gasoline engine about twenty horse-
power; if satisfactory will purchase. C, H.
s.. box 1657, Call office.
WANTED — Second-hand upright piano for cash.
GARDNER & GASSELL, 216 Post st.
PHOTOGRAPHIC and magic lantern appa-
ratus: second-hand 109 Montgomery' St.
LOST.
LOST— terrier; white; brown ears; brown
spot on back; very small brown spot on
neck; collar with name, Beedooh, La Chute,
Canada; reward for his return. Address
Wells-Fargo Agent, Sausallto, Cal.
LOST — A pocket-book containing notes and
papers of no value to any one but the owner.
Finder return to J. T. KIDD, 410 Kearny St..
and receive reward.
LOST— White and black smooth coat St. Ber-
nard dog, tip of tail cut off. Return to 1311
Waller st. and receive reward.
LOST Thursday evening— Young thoroughbred
pug bitch; collar marked "Lady Dolly." Re-
ward at 410 Hyde st.
GASOLINE engine, 2-horse power. $63. MEL-
VIN TAYLOR, 690 Brush St., Oakland.
20-INCH planer, boring machine, drill press,
bolt-cutting emery wheel. 1634 Mission st.
AMERICAN lathe, safe. Jeweler's outfit com-
plete. 601 Eighteenth Bt., Oakland.
CHEAP, to be removed, good house, 7 rooms.
619 Seventh st. Call 10 to 2 Monday.
LEFT bundle of blue suit somewhere. Address
box 1678. Call office. ■ .
$250 WILL be paid by undersigned upon r*turn
i of Jewelry and effects or the greater part
thereof of Lewis Meyers; lost or stolen Im-
mediately prior or after his death, Wednes-
day; November 23. 1898; no questions asked.
See A. HEYNEMANN, attorney-at-law, 310
Pine St., rooms 20-22.
FOX-TERRIER bitch, answers to name of
Jags. 1792 Fifteenth St.; reward.
LOST— Thursday evening, young fox terrier
dog. Liberal reward. Return to 8968 23d st.
OLD) gold, silver and diamonds bought at
UNCLE HARRIS', 15 Grant aye.
FOX terrier, female: brown ears; answers name
of Chippy. 2219 Mission m.; reward. •
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of JAMES FEAGAN; No. 6319. The
finder will please: return to bank.
LOST— A pass-book with the Hibernia Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of ROBERT THOMPSON: No. 160-1275.
The finder will please return to -hunk. ■ '
~~~~~~~ FOUND.
BLACK St. Bernard; same returned for ex-
penses. 363 First St.. Oakland.
HOUSES. '
TO business men — A ' driver acquainted with '
city, a well matched team and new wagon :
for $65 per month. Box 1675, this office.
A THOROUGHBRED trotter for sale; 7-year-
old mare; sound, stylish and gentle; $75. Six-
Mile House. Ban Bruno road. . - .;'■:
60 HORSES of every .description at Emporium
Salesyards. 220 Valencia st.. between Thir-
teenth and Fourteenth; also buggies, wagons,
harness, etc., at your own price.
40 HORSES for rale: also wagons, 'buggies.' !
carts, harness;' Grand .Arcade Horse Mar- i
ket; ?27 Sixth; auction sales every Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN A DOYLE. Auctioneers.
JTJST arrived— carloads of horses from 1200 to
2000 lbs. Occidental' Srtiesvnrds 721 Hnw»fi.
rr^Tir? 1 -.. s___r?-_^— _^??t_t!^t;__!__;
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
ONE large double express wagon for Bale
cheap. Apply 2457 Folsom st.
I COST- $5000— An established . carriage business; I
wagons, hacks, buggies" and r harness: cash I
trade; no book accounts: reasonable offer not )
".-.; refused. Fifteenth and Valencia st».
BARGAINS— ' be sold; wagons, buggies.
backs, phaetons,** carts " and i harness, or  will
■all aa a whole. ;• Fifteenth ■ and Valencia '■ sts. i
PERSONALS.
WANTED— To know, the address" of M. CON-
NOR, tailor, late of Santa Ana. BROTHER
JOHN, box 1674. Call office. ..'-.'
WILL HUGO KREAMER communicate with
New York friends willing to assist him?
. Mother Is dead. ■ ANNA. •
LEDERER'S Qulnonia Is the only hair tonic
that softens the hair and makes it grow; 35c
bottle. G. LEDERER. 123 Stockton st.
LEDERER'S Foamo, the new shampoo, is only
5c per package. LEDERER is the best hair-
» dresser In town; charges 25c only; open Sun-
days 9 to 12. 123 Stockton st. _________
ARE YOU BALD?
We guarantee to grow hair on bald heads,
restore gray hair to its original color, stop
hair from falling out,, cure dandruff and
eczema; no pay until satisfied; remedy sent
to all parts of the country postpaid. ' The
Hirsulllne Co.. rooms 34-41, St. Ann's build-
ing. San Francisco. Cal.
WALLACE'S system of dresscuttlng taught at
419 San Pablo aye.. Oakland.
RAG carpets wove to order and for sale; also
chenille-wove rugs, silk portieres; dealer In
carpet twine, In hank or chain, at lowest
rates. GEO. MATTHEW. 709 Fifth. Oakland.
CHRISTMAS Sale— Japanese bamboo furniture;
all kinds to order: wholesale and retail; coun-
try orders. K. YOSHITANI CO., 313 Sutter.
FOR comfort, durability, elegance and economy
. have your shoes made to order at store prices
by Family Shoe Factory. 1550-1554 Market st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms.
26c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
SEE the handsome skirts and fur garments,
prices reduced, at HODGE'S, 905 Market St.
TOOTHACHE — Use One-Minute Toothache
Drops; for sale' by all druggists; price 10c.
DRUMMERS' samples boys' suits, ages S to 18;
manufacturer's cost. 107 Pansome. upstairs.
SUITS to order on Installments at cash prices;
$1 week. N. Y. TAILORING CO.. 115 Kearny.
HOME In confinement: diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE, 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
SUITS to order on easy Installments. _.
LEMOS. 1117 Market et.. bet. 7th and *th.
DRESSMAKERS.
DRESSMAK...O always up to date satisfac-
tion; prices reasonable. 21S Van Ness aye.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladles' French Tailoring:
College, 918 Market; men and women teachers.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant stylish dresses. $5
up: dresses made over. 3 Eddy st.. mis. 14-15.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
ASTONISHING revelations; the great myster-
ies of life revealed. PROFESSOR CARL
ROTH, the Occult Wonder, the world's fa-
mous and greatest medium and astrologlst.
The marvelous tests he performs prove the
magnitude of his strange and wonderful pow-
ers. He stands at the head of his profession,
and does not wish to be measured by any
other standard than his own. He brings per-
Bonal indorsements from great people from
nearly all civilized parts of the earth. His
experience and knowledge of life Is broad,
deep and profound, and when united with his
most marvelous powers of mediumship It
makes him all that he claims to be, "The
peer of all mediums and life readers." He
gives full names, dates and facts concerning
your affairs, and unerring advice upon mat-
ters of business. Journeys, speculation, law-
suits, love, marriage, divorce, social and do-
mestic relations, old estates, everything; the
separated are united through his efforts. No
fee accented unless perfect satisfaction Is
plven. Office 906 Market st., rooms 11 and 12,
first floor. Hours. 9:30 a. m. to Bp. m. ; Sun-
day, 10 a. m. to 4 p. m.
1 DO not. locate mines or reveal hidden treas-
ures or tell the lucky numbers In lotteries; if
I could I would not be telling fortunes; but I
do give as good readings by cards as can be
given by any one, and for 25c. 221 Sixth st.
MME. AUGUST, clairvoyant, card reader and
palmistry; truth or no pay; 25c and 50c. 1150
Mission st.
GYPSY life reader. 3 Seventh St., room 5; la-
dies. 25c; gents. 50c; all questions answered;
no sign. . ,_\
MME. LENEMAR tells by planets; predicted
rescue passengers str. Gold, "74. 23^i Sixth, st.
MME WALTERS, the great card reader; ladles
2">c; gents We. 951 Mission, nr. Bth; open Sunday.
YOUR future told by cards; ladles 10c; gents
25c: satisfaction guaranteed. 77 Ninth st. :
MISS PEARL LA MAR: card reading. 230
Kearny st., rooms 14-15. '
CONSULT the lucky medium. 349>4 Minna St..
near Fifth. . -
MME MOREAU. the best medium and card
reader: 25c up. .73 Fourth St.. near Mission.
MME. T*A VENA reads life fluently: business
advice: names given: 25c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME ETHEL GRAY, scientific palmist, clair-
voyant and card reader. 1049 A Market St.
MME HANSON, palmist and card reader:
past, present and future; 25c. 148 Sixth, rm. IS.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c: ladle*. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRP. B. BAUMANN, the well-known fortune
teller, has opened sn office at 315 O'Farreil at.
SPIRITUALISM.
ATTENTION!
Returned.
MRS. DR. A. D. HOWB
Has returned from her Alaska tour, and b*rs
to Inform her patients, both old and new. that
i>hfc has opened offices at The Vendomf. 1104
Market st.
This celebrated medium, the clairvoyant of
all clairvoyants, who sees It all. tells you all
and Instantly gives you peace and happiness.
She never asks a question, but before you
utter a word she tells you In full of all that
you are Interested In: business, speculation,
love, marriage, dlvorc*. tells of your friends
and enemies.
To the Sick Especially *"
Her assistance is priceless. Her "Revealed
Medicines." registered and copyrighted, cure
all diseases on earth, consumption, paralysis,
rheumatism, all skin diseases, heart and ner-
vous affections. The wonderful cures which
she has made are the talk of th* whole slope.
Address or cull MRS. DR. A. HOWE.
1104 Market st. (The Vendome).
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, celebrated trance
teet medium, life reader, medical clairvoyant.
I cures disease with revealed remedies: consult
when others fall: sittings $1. 232 Stockton St.
ARRIVED— medium and palmist:
without questions tells you all you seek to
know; satisfaction guaranteed: consultation
free. 23-P 2 Sixth St., room 5. ■ ..
DR. LOUISE DREW, medium A healer; hrs..
10 to 5: minerals psychometrized. 102. Mrkt.
M FRANCES, Independent slate-writing me-
dium. 118 Halght st. ■ ■ ■ ■■
MRS ELLIS: tests to all: Tues.-Frl.. 2 p. m.:
Mon.. 8, 25c; sittings $1. 233 Valencia st.
FOR MISCELLANEOUS.
BOILERS engines. 2d-hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH _ WOLPMAN, 195-197 Fremont St.
LAUNCHES from 17 to 60 feet in length, both
steam or gasoline; 1 38-foot and 1 48-root
sloop yacht: bargains In new and second-hand
boats of all sizes and descriptions. H. EN-
GELBRECH"\ successor to San Francisco
Launch Co., North Point and Stockton st.
WANTED — sell or exchange shot gun and
rifle for light wagon. Inquire corner of
Twenty-ninth st- and San Jose aye.
FINE lute, which was made to order for $50,
for sale now for $17 at UNCLE HARRIS',
15 Grant aye. • '■
MASTIFF pups— Rose Cottage, Maple
court, off 14th St.. bet. Guerrero and Dolores.
FOR sale— Thoroughbred Japanese pug; black
and white. Address box 1871. Call office. •
2 STEREOPTICONS and 1 moving picture ma-
chine; cheap. Box 1890, Call office.
HOOKER pump: capacity 1.000,000 gallons; Us
24-inch water cylinder. J. B. JARDINE, 309
Folsom st. ■ __
BLACKSMITH outfit cheap; one large, vise;
Fne patent swivel vise. : 648 Mission st. •
LIVE American eagle; fine large young speci-
men. Box 1884. Call.
A NEW $75 "New Home" sewing machine for
sale cheap. 1229 Broadway, Oakland. , . .
BARS back bars, mirrors, showcases, counters,
linoleum, office furniture, -store and office fur-
niture and fixtures; new and second hand. J.
NOONAN. 1017-1019-1021-llH.i Mission •_,
above Sixth. - ■
LARGE 35-foot launch; 8-foot beam; 10 horse- 1
. : power. Box 1652, Call office.
SECOND-HAND engines, boilers, pumps, hose,
belting, etc. ' H. L. WHITE. 516 Mission st.
SAFES— The Hermann Safe Co. moved, to 417-
423 Sacramento st. : ' : ' ' ■ ' ■■*•..'"
1 AND 2 bowl barber washstands. cheap. HUF-
; SCHMIDT. 623 Golden Gate aye. ■ '■ :.;-.■';
SECOND-HAND lumber; old buildings bought
and removed. Yard. Fifteenth and Valencia.
CAL. Belting Co., mfgs leather belting, lace lea-
ther; pulleys cvr'd . j 619: Mission:: tel. Br.-SJI.
J • R POOL, ■ house-mover, dealer second-hand !
building material. 1124 Mission; tel South 787. ,
SAFES — in new and second hand: 'all
sites; half original cost. \ 109-111 Market. 3. JT.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL tpewrlters : sold : and rented: ■ few partly
i used > for sale cheap; send for samples and
Prices ALEXANDER A CO.. 110 Montgomery.
A HAMMOND, $26; I (graph. $15; Yost. $11;
y cst sample work. SCOTT, m li«at«<Mn«T it
LODGING. HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & C 0... 22% Geary st. |
Money Advanced on Air Houses. I
9 rooms; Leavenworth st.; clears $25.... $3--> j
11 rooms; cost $1500; must 5e11..: 650
12 rooms; Market st.; clears $50 450 1
14 rooms; near City Hall; a snap &00 i
15 rooms; new and elegant; Geary st 1100 j
17 rooms; Jones St.; worth $1000 700 :
23 rooms; best for the money 600
25 rooms; double house: elegant; Post St.. 1550 >
37 rooms; good transient; nr. Kearny st... 600 '
38 rooms; business corner; clears $100..... 1100 j
105 rooms; best-known house on coast 4000
A— sl2oo; 36 ROOMS; business cor. ; exchange for •
small house; no cash required. KREDO & CO. i
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market St., opp. Fifth. ;
4S-RO™t CORNER HOUSE !
JUST FURNISHED WITH NEW FURNI-
..TURE. ONLY $1500. EASY PAYMENTS..
24-room house: new house and urnlture..s 850 ;
8 rooms: new furniture: cost $550 . • 200;
12 rooms on Market; rent $40 450 !
10-room house; only 150 |
21 rooms: corner: clears $150 550 ,
46- room house; corner 1200
22 rooms near City Hall 500 i
10 rooms: all rented: business street 300 '
I HAVE HOUSES ALL SIZES AND PRICES, i
H. C. DECKER. 1020 Market St.
BE SURE AND SEE THE FOLLOWING
BARGAINS:
15 rooms; sunny corner; part cash $850
18 rooms; rent $35; near Examiner bids;.. 450 '
25 rooms: near Call building 850 |
SO rooms; north of Market; great bargain. WOO |
63 rooms: finest house In* city 2200
65 rooms: will trade for clear property near
city. WINSTON & CO.. 646 Market st.
12 ROOMS and restaurant; fine $800
32 rooms; select: transient; corner 22' ■
13 rooms; rent $50 r£<i j
14 rooms; north of Market: clears $50 550 i
22 rooms; all new furniture I
TF YOU WILL CALL ON US WE WILL
SUIT YOU AS TO LOCATION. PRICE AND
SIZE OF HOUSE.
F. C. HYDE * CO.. 1206 Market st.
BARGAINS at National Agency, 7 Grant aye.: !
10 rms.: Hyde st..s2so|lS rms.: Post 5t.... $600 !
18 rms.: Third St.. 550 37 rms.; Howard... 700 [
20 rms.; Geary st. «00 50 rnu. : Bush st... 1230 !
100 others. National Agency, 7 Grant aye.
WILL pay $600 for lodging-house of 25 to 30
rooms; no agent. Address A. B. box SOOO,
Call office.
39 ROOMS, near Powell and Post sts.; sun in
very room. A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market. j
~~ MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS^
AT~$T5<rpER MONTH INSTALLMENTS AND
UPWARD. : '■ -"
$3 50 per month rent; new pianos. -■-■ ■-.
Heine upright $295 00
Stelnway upright IS. 50
Chickering upright 235 00
Sohmer upright 11." 00
Knabe upright 275 00
And over 20 bargains from $40 up: buy direct
of manufacturer and save $50 on each piano.
HEINE PIANO MANUFACTURING CO..
136 Ellis St.. Y. M. C. A. building.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method: prices are the
same as if purchased for all cash; bargains
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$3 per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny and Sutter
*ts.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland.
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest house
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE 1
26. 28 and 30 O'Farrel! St.: pianos, organs and ,
all other musical Instruments of all grades j
and prices: term's easy; prices lowest; every-
thing possible done to please and satisfy the j
customer.
YOU want a piano? Why not call on us?
SCOTT, CURTAZ PIANO CO. We rent, we
sell, we buy for cash. We own our own
building. We guarantee anything purchased
from us for ten years. 560 Hayes st.
DURING the next few weeks while our store
is being remodeled we will offer the greatest
bargains In pianos and musical merchandise: j
call and get our prices. ZENO MAUVAIS I
MUSIC CO.. 769 Market st. . :
A STEINWAY. $175: Steck. $150: Estey. $225; ;
Fischer. $250: . Weber. $200; easy payments:
pianos rented $1 50 up: rent allcwed on pur-
chase. Bruenn's Piano House. 204 Post st.
AN elegant Steinway upright, but little used
and in perfect order; a bargain. Spencer's
Piano wareroom*. 1818 Market st. 1
BENJ. CURTAZ & SON. sole agents for Chick-
ering. Steck, Vose and Sterling pianos; easy
payments. 16 ■ O'Farrell st.
A FINE Stelnway and new Chickering upright
Facriflced. KEEFFE'S. 1019 Van Ness aye.
MAGNIFICENT upright piano, high grade, -
cheap for cash. Room 12, Flood building.
SQUARE piano for sale very cheap. 1214 La-
guna st.
$55— UPRIGHT piano and stool, good condition:
nice cabinet. $5- installments. 1115 Post st.
A MAGNIFICENT high grade piano, slightly
used; cheap for cash. Room 10. Flood bldg.
BARGAIN: good Steinway upright; cheap.
SCHMITZ. 16 McAllister, next Hlbernla Bank.
A PIANO that will please you, the Byron
Mauzy. 308 Post st.
HAINES' Bros, and other first-class pianos at
reduced prices. W. C. HAMILTON, 324 Pest.
NEARLY new upright piano chean: brilliant,
powerful tone. HORNUNG, 216 McAllister.
"AD" smallest; prices lowest: uprights, $75 up;
rents $2 up. HEINE. 136 Ellis st.
KNABE pianos: new scale; new styles. KOH-
LER A CHASE. SO O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULT.m. maker, repairer. 2 Latham place.
_ __ "medical.
ALL ladles will be glad to learn that Mrs. Dr.
Gwyer, formerly of 226 Turk st., has returned
to the city and resumed business; a sure and I
safe cure for all female diseases from what-
ever cause; all those who are sick or discour-
aged should call on the doctor and state their
case before going elsewhere; they will find
her a true friend; home for patients, with
every comfort; satisfaction guaranteed by
MRS. DR. GWYER. 510 Eddy st., between
Hyde and Larkln. ' •
ALL cases of monthly Irregularities restored
instantly (no matter what cause); safe and \
sure at any time; my celebrated remedies and I
treatment have never been known to fall; I
travelers helped without delay: home In con- ]
finement; skillful medical attention; all those !
who are sick and discouraged' consult the re-
liable specialist free and confidential; strong
pills, 11; guaranteed cure, $5. MRS. DR.
WYETH. 208 Turk St.. near Jones.
ALL Ladies— only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davies.
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar- \
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace j
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief, '
though else fall: delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no ,
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; tree; con- :
fidential. MRS. M. DA VIES. 1228 Market ;
St.; pills. $1; very strong. $2.
ALL of Dr. Foulet's capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger of after ef- •
fects; taken in time it also acts as a pre-
ventive: price $1 50 per box. Gent free by j
mall on receipt of price; consultation on all I
special diseases free. WALLER BROS.. 23 !
Grant aye.. 8. F. A caution— ore pur-
chasing elsewhere write us. --'. *'.:.- 1 '
LADlES— Chlchester's English Pennyroyal Pills
(Diamond Brand), best: safe, reliable; take
no other: send 4c stamps for particulars;
"Relief for Ladies": letter by return mall; at
druggists. . Chlchester Chemical Co., Phlla.
NEW process sent for female trouble; no mat-
ter from what cause and how long standing;
every woman her own physician; restores al-
ways In one day: safe and si>re: no mcdi- ]
cine or Instruments used: consultation free;
saves disgrace; pill* and capsules. $1: cure.
$5. By the well-known ladles" physician for
37 years. DR. POPPER. 318 Kearny st.
WOMEN'S ailments— Ladles In trouble, see Drs. j
Goodwin free; reliable, safe and sure: cure In j
24 hours guaranteed: any complaints: no in-
struments; maternity home: best medical at- j
tendance: pills. II: cure, $5: hours. 10 to S. Re-
moved from 401 D Van Ness to 1362 A Market.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
ca«e« of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever caufe: no Instruments used: guaranteed
cure at office, $5; travelers helped Instantly: |
consult free: confidential: hours. 0 a. m. to
5 p. m. MRS. PR. KOHL. 1122 Market st. /
PR O. W. O'DONNELL. world renowned spe-
Ctatlst: all cases of monthly Irreiruaritles re-
Ktored; no matter what cause: all cases re-
lieved immediately; call or write; confidential.
1023H Market st. . . j
ALL married ladles know "Sejruro." th» greatest
boon to them. RICHARDS & CO.. 406 C10y St.. •
$1 50. Send 2c stamp for circulars to SEGU- ]
RO MFG. CO.. 631 X St.. Sacramento. Cat
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate i
aye.: private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance: terms
moderate:, lnfants adopted Into good homes.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with I
female troubles: no .lanprer: safe cure:. s3 50: ,
exprecited C. O. D : don't o>lay until ton l«t«. i
OSGQOD BROS.. Coast Agents, Oakland.. C»l.
CHEAPEST and best In America—The Weekly
Call. Sent to any adnr<"i«s in the -.united
CARPET CLEAMXC.
CITY Steam Carpet-cleaning : Works— Cleans.
j moves, carpets. C. H. STEVENS. Mgr..
38 and 10 Eighth St.: telephone South 250.
WHEN you become disgusted with poor work
i send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
beating Works. 363-57 Tehama St. Tel, S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned at Sc per yard: laid at 3c.
STRATTON'S.' 3 Eighth St.: tel ■ Jesale .11. *.-
J.E. MITCH Carpet-cleaning Co.. 240 14th
st,;, cleaning Se per yard; tel. Mission 74.. -■*-
CON KLIN" 8 Carpet-beating Works. 1 333 Golden
. Gate aye. ; tel. East 126. ■ .'■-.;,,
ADVANCE Carpet-cleaning Co. 401 Sutter st. ;
t«L Main 334. *;- GEO. WOLCOM. Proprietor.
- &-: . ■- . .--«■- : ».-,*.-.'-. ■; . . *. . :
BUSINESS CHANCES.
A— s3so; PARTNER wanted; old-established
' business; clears $75 to $100 per month to each;
full investigation. National Ag'cy. 7 Grant ay.
A— WE have buyers to invest in any legitimate
business: parties willing to sell give us a
call. National Business Agency.' 7 Grant aye.
RESTAURANT— SeX cheap to party ■ under-,
stands the business. National Agcy., 7 Orant. J
$400— CORNER saloon; clears $75 month; a map.
$225— Cor. grocery and bar; clears $75 month.
$250— Restaurant; No. 1 location; clears $60 mo.
$75— Branch bakery: Market St.; rent $15.
$200— Cigar store; receipts $12 per day.
Bargains at National Agency. 7 Grant aye.
A-SSCO; cor. grocery and bar; side entrancel
private rooms; good stock; will clear $200
month. KREDO & CO.. 22^ Geary st.
A— s4oo; corner grocery and bar; fine stock ol
fixtures; a snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
A-$250; branch bakery, dairy. produce laundry
office and notions; clears $75. KREDO ie CO.,
22 ! i Geary st. —
J450; saloon: 10 furnished rooms: central;
cost "\Xi; cheap rent. Kredo & C0.. 22^i Geary.
A— s4oo; cigar stand; best corner in city; valua
In stock. KREDO & CO.. __ > _ Geary st.
PARTNER wanted in an Importing business,
thoroughly established and paying; establish-
ed In 1596; average monthly earning at pres-
ent, $300; same can be Increased with a part-
ner's assistance: partner must be an experi-
enced business man, age 30 t" 40 years, and
willing to take an active Interest In the busi-
ness; to such a man a good investment la
assured: capital required $2500; investigate.
Pacific Coast Exchange, r. 2-3. 1007& Market.
WE are headquarters for exchange of property,
etc. Address, with particulars, PACIFIC
COAST EXCHANGE, 1007 1 . Market St.. near
Sixth, rooms 2 and 3.
SALOON for sale; must sell; owned by;
present owner 7 years: 8 rooms. H. C.
DECKER. 1020 Market st.
$450— A FINE restaurant for sale; clearing $15«
to $200 per month; guaranteed; centra! loca-
tion: private rooms; good fixtures alone worth
the money asked; trial given before purchas-
ing; owner has wholesale business in San
Francisco to attend to. See E. E. BUNCB,
90S Broadway, Oakland.
$400 — PARTNER wanted in light business
where the services of a plain, steady man
are preferred to hired help; business long
established and too much for one man; no
experience required; trial given; $18 to $30 a
week each. 9 Geary st., room IS.
BOOK store; established 11 years; stock above
$2000; price $2500 cash; no agents; no triflera;
clears above $125 monthly and growing; tow
rent: living rooms; Investigation courted.
Address City, box 1614, Call office.
VALUABLE gold mining interest for sale;
milling tests, $5 57 to $6 70 per ton; sulphurets
$136. 201:* 1 2 Harrison st.; hours 7-9 a. m.. 6-7
p. m. JOHN TEUTON. '
WE have a cash buyer for some suitable busi-
ness under $1000; no charge for Information.
Call at 9 Geary St., Western Investment Co.
A— sl4oo; FIRST-CLASS saloon, elegantly fitted
up; fine stock of liquors; safe and register;
best location on Market St.; long lease.
WERTHEIM & KERTH. 850 Market st.
HOUSE of 10 rooms; new furniture; first-class
location; rent $35; price very low; many
other bargains. Box 1679, Call.
GOOD location for fruit store or butcher shop;
rent reasonable. 290 Third aye., corner Clem-
ent st.; take Sutro car.
WANTED quick— Amateur actor; general util-
ity; mean business; no triflers. RICHARD
FOOTE, 556 Geary st.
ELECTRICIAN and locksmith's shop: doing a
nice business; a bargain. Electrician, box
1866. Call office.
HAIR store for sale on account of sickness;
central location; terms reasonable. Box
16S0. Call. . -.
GENTLEMAN wishes lady to join him with.
$200 in grocery ana saloon business. Box 1691,
Call office. •
BAKERY and notions; fine trade; good loca-
tion; living rooms; rent $8. 1669 Grove St.,
Oakland. ./.. . -
„ a~—
GOOD paying saloon at tie entrance of Glen
Park cheap. Apply at saloon. JOS. HUFF.
WOULD buy good bakery: any price to $1000;
city or country. Box 1653. Call office.
PARTNER, office: mercantile business; stock
$300. 126 Davis st.. room 13.
OIL territory' to lease on royalty. Address box
1879, Call office. . ■ .
FOR SALE— Good oyster house; very cheap.
307 Grar.t aye.
AGENT well acquainted with San Francisco
retail trade wanted to sell line of Turkish
towels on commission. Address Manufac-
turer, 705 Temple court. N. Y. city.
START a mall order business a; home. Par-
ticulars for stamp. ORMOND CO., Dept. -a.
Chicago. . - . ■
BARBER shop:' cheap: country town; on ac-
count of death. Apply DECKELiIAN BROS..
106 Ellis st.
GROCERY and bar; 3 living rooms. N.
LOWENSTEIN, 1023% Market st.
A— s'so; BARGAIN: sobriety and steadiness
wanted. LOWENSTEIN. 1023' Market St.,
between Sixth and Seventh. *
A— lo FURNISHED rooms and bar, $350; 9 fur-
nished rooms. Market St.. $165: cigar stand,
on Market St., $100. STANLEY & CO.. 10od
Market st.
CORNER grocery and bar: stock worth
the money: cheap rent: fine location; no
agents. Call office.
FOR small capital: the best Investment on
the coast. (.12 Examiner building.
GROCERY for sale; with or without bar. In-
quire 731 Seventh St.. Oakland.
FOR SALE reasonable — One of oldest estab-
lished coal yards in city; horses, wagons,
etc • good running business that will bear
Investigation; excellent opportunity. Address
box IS9I. Call.
WANTED — An Industrious man or woman with
$4000 to buy half interest in small farm and
dairy with paying milk route In country
town. Address Principal, box 1892. Call.
FINE corner cigar store: owner sick and
unable to attend: no agents. Call or ad-
dress J. A. R., 315 Grove Bt. ■.
FIRST-CLASS restaurant: fine chance for man
and wife; sold to-day. Sl2 Larkin st.
SHOE shop; closing fine business; good loca-
tion; cheap rent: reasonable. 332 Bush st.
GREAT bargain; saloon and 10 furnished
rooms: a good business. Box ISS4, Call.
WANTED— Partner with $1000: excellent op-
portunity for a sober young man or a graduate
physician to obtain a thorough knowledge in
the science of optics; none but those with be?t
of references need apply. GEORGE MAY-
ERLE German expert optician, charter mem-
ber American Association of Opticians, Ger-
• man Ontica! Institute, inn'fc Market, near
Seventh; see city directory; testimonials from
Gen". Miles, Geo. Dewey, Gen. Shatter. Ad-
miral Sampson, etc. ' * - \
GOOD opportunity for man with family who
can give massage and run salt water tub
bathing; plenty room for store or barber
shop: Bell cheap on account of sickness. Box
1634. Call office.
A WELL established paying business. $1000:
experience not needed. Address box 1650. Call.
DRUG STORE, clean and complete stock and
fixtures: in good location: investigate at once;
" chance for good physician. Address box 1518.
Call office.
COUNTY rights for sale; good paying busi-
ness; quick returns; secure your county at
once. M. H. Cartwright. rm. 709. 927 Market.
COFFEE, tea and spice solicitors headquarters:
supplied as wanted at lowest • prices. 107-ll*
Beale gt *
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing telegraphy, languages. English branches;
electrical, civil and mining engineering; sui-
veylng, assaying, etc.; 20 teachers: 1100 grad-
uates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES" Business College. 723 Market st. ; Indi-
vidual Instruction In shorthand, typing, book-
keeping, telegraphy, penmanship. English
branches, etc.; life scholarship. $50; low rates
per week and month.
ENGINEERING School, civil, electrical, min-
ing, mech. survey, assay, archlt. ; day & eve.;
est." 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 Market.
WANTED quick— Amateur actor; general util-
ity: mean business: no triflers. RICHARD
FOOTS, 556 Geary st.
ELOCUTION A oratory; F. C. Caldwell: 16 vrs.
experience. Emm i fpreck li b d? . 927 Market.
LAW schools, 927 Market Ft., city; 906 Broad-
way, Oakland; day and night.
INSTRUCTION— piano, cornet, mando-
lin, etc. THE MISSES LANE. 3941 24th st.
PRIVATE academy of dancing: waltzing ' a
rpeclalty. MISS JEAN HUDDY, «A Hyde.
SAN FRANCISCO Business Collect, 1236 Mar-
ket st.; 400 positions secured In last 2 years.
BOOKKEEPING, rapid calculation, practically
taueht: »-hort tlmt*. Tnrr. 672 Parrot! bids;
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free: divorce law*; private. J. B t
EVANS. 14 McAllister. next Illbcrnla Hank.
ADVICE free— W. P. ADAMS. 607 Emma
Spreckels bids.. 927 Market; charges moderate.
L. S. CLARK— Emma Spreckels bldj.. 917 Mar-
• ket: consultation free; no fees in advance.
ADVICE free: no charge unless successful W
W. DAVIDSON, 917 Market st. *
PHYSICIANS.
REMOVAL Notice— Dr. C. C. ODonnell, office
and residence. 1021 v» Market, bet. «th and no.CITY REAL ESTATE.
G. H. UMBSEN & CO..
REAL ESTATE AGENTS.
14 MONTGOMERY ST.
• SOUTHSID.E INVESTMENT.
$4250— Rents $540 per annum; 4 tenements of
€, 6. 4 and 4 rooms; 37:6x112; wide street; near
FA>-th and Harrison sts.; street accepted.
' * • • MISSION FLATS VERY CHEAP. '
I $3750— Shotwell Et.; rents 5"0 per month; 2
. flats and cottage and lot; this is a splendid
• offering.
GOLDEN GATE AVENUE LOT.
:-.• $32"iO — Very cheap; north side, east of Scott
■Ist.; 25x137:0 to a rear street; owner might take
less; offer wanted.
GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT.
$8000— Vallejo st. ; 2 Hats of 4 rooms and bath
each; brick foundation; street accepted; rente
$354 per annum.
TWO VERY CHEAP FLATS.
RMft— J substantial flats of 5 and 4 rooms
an»". bath each; brick foundation, etc., and lot;
rents $250 per annum.
,«»-, FULTON-ST. BUILDING LOT.
♦- 2; ''»— of Fillmore st. ; line location for
flats; 25x137:6; street accepted; cheapest lot in
• Western Addition.
• •«™ GOOD SMALL INVESTMENT,
- $1000—8 tenements and lot; rent $30 per
■month; near Fourth and Folsonr sts.
■-" COZY MISSION COTTAGE VERY CHEAP
91800- Bay-window cottage and lot; Mission
• ■warm belt; handy to the Mission and Castro,
streets car lines.
COZY COTTAGE VERY CHEAP.
$1500— Cozy cottage, 6 rooms; nice flower gar-
-.. den; lot 26x75; handy to several lines of street
.cane; will be sold on very easy terms.
CHOICE WESTERN ADDITION LOT.
• . First-avenue boulevard; 25x110; street
accepted.
. A BARGAIN; MISSION COTTAGE.
-, $900— Price greatly reduced to make imme-
V diate sale; only one block from Mlssion-st.
.cars; cottage of 5 rooms and large lot, 25x125;
. easy terms.
CHEAP LOTS NEAR GEARY STREET. '
$;>'.'O each— Wood st., half a block from Geary-
. street cars; level lots; 25x120; ready to build on.
Call and obtain one of our "Real Estate
■ Records;" which contains a list of properties
. for sale* in all parts of the city.
G. H. UMUSKN & CO.,
14 Montgomery st.
HOMELESS—
What a dreary sound the word has! It Is
associated in the mind with loneliness, hunger
'. and threadbare clothing. Yet all homeless
people are not poor. Some of them are
merely unwise. They continue to live In
. rented houses, when they might with the
. same rent money possess a home of their
. own. To be sure they have a temporary
: " abiding place which they try to delude them-
selves to believe is ••home." But they pay
- . rent— tax— for it. Why not have the papers
• drawn differently ? Instead of a rent receipt
■ ■ let it be an Installment receipt, and the
monthly payments that now go to the land-
lord, leaving you as homeless as ever, will
."■. remain with you. Every month's payment
. ■ brings your home so much nearer. It's easy.
Talk with JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery
St., and become the possessor of a cozy, com-
fortable home in the Heyman Tract.
■ HANDSOME home of 7 rooms and bath, with
all modern conveniences, just completed on
Ninth aye., between California and Clement
■ BtS. ; on $26 monthly payments. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$250 EACH— SS monthly; no interest; lots 25x
y .14; only 5 minutes' walk from CastrO-st. cars;
A t:ood lots to build on.
175 each; $5 monthly; level building lots, 25x
120; only 2 blocks from San Mateo electric cars.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery st.
$7 E0 MONTHLY payments will buy a lot 25x
100, with 2 cars; 1 block from the Ocean
boulevard and electric road; cars as good as
a house and a fine health retreat; over 20 cars
now being occupied; sidewalk to cars; can be
rented for $5 monthly. JACOB HEYMAN, 11
Montgomery st.
■ $10 MONTHLY will buy a new 3-room cottage,
including level Jot, near Mission and Thir-
tieth sts.; 2 sold in one week. JACOB HEY-
MAN, 11 Montgomery st.
BOARDMAN, HOOPER & CO.,
, REAL ESTATE AGENTS,
I 133 MONTGOMERY ST.
$14,000— Rent $130 per month: new modern flats
pf 7. S and 8 rooms and bath each; Ellis st.,
. not far from Van Ness.
' $10,000 — Post st.. near Van Ness aye.: modern
2-story and basement residence; 11 rooms and
bath; lot 27:6x137:6; north side of street; offer
. v. «i ■■-.
.... - - ZZZ — •:■- - - '■-
$r,ooo— Clay St.: marine view corner; magnlfl-
cpnt residence site; Presidio Heights District;
.' lot 37:6x102:£U-
:*-■'.-■ '
: ' $4250— Hyde ?t.; 2-story house, 6 rooms and
•'.bath; lot ! \-T:6.
. '•' $12,000— New modern residence of 10 rooms and
.-tbath; electric service throughout; fine mantels;
.lot 50x127:8%.
• • .
$3",(V— Splendid residence site; corner lot, 37:6 x
, 100; Presidio Heights.
4
"'■ $1450, may be less— Lot near the Golden Gate
.-Park- Panhandle, 25x137:6.
• $3000— Rents $40 monthly (always rented);
• hear Third st.; lot 25x75; good improvements.
=
• • — Fine new modern flats in Park Pan-
• handle District; 5 and 6 rooms and bath; rents
'"■.s6o monthly: street bituminized; stone side-
.'; walk; mortgage of $3000 can remain. ':■.-. f ■■ ?
REDUCED
REDUCED
REDUCED
From $4000 to $3000. .
. : A house of 7 rooms on Sacramento St.. near
■•• E/eavenwarth; lot alone worth the price asked;
;' -.this is a snap; it must be sold. .. :. :
"■'.■ FINE KEY LOT.
•'■ 27:6x137:6; in Presidio Heights, with a marine
. : view; 1 rice only $2500.
.. ' IN PANHANDLE DISTRICT. '
--, . Three fine new modern flats on Central aye.,
.': near Waller; rents $80 monthly; price $8500.
.'„' ■ PAYS GOOD INTEREST.
;. Four flats near Market st. ; good brick build-
. ing; rents $55 monthly; price $5000.
•*- Fend for our list of Pacific and Presidio
' Heights lots, with marine view.
■•• -CHEAP LOTS! CHEAP LOTS!
••' $9»oo— Pacific Heights corner: 45x100. „ -.
• . $5000— Pacific Heights lot: 42:6x107: fine view.
■!;. . $4000— Scott, near Washington; 25x110.
■■ $2600— Shrader St., near Park entrance; 27:6
' .'-XlOO.
' .'. $3000— and McAllister: any size.
.' . Clayton, near Page; 26x105.
• ■ $1850— Belvedere, near Waller; 25x120.
•"' $1325— Frederick St., near Cole; 25x137:6. .
• $325 to $1000— Fine Potrero lots; terms.
." -$900— Fine level lots on bituminized streets
:in the Mission; on terms if desired; all front-
"ages.
A $Cso— California, near 12th aye.; 25x100.
1 • MCAFEE BROS. McAFEE BROS.,
10S Montgomery ft., San Francisco.
O. F. YON RHEIN & CO.,
:-; . 613 California st.
IMPROVED. !
' 45:10x137:6; full water. lot; improved; leased
for 6 years at $250 per month.
."■ ■ Montgomery aye. through to Washington st.;
• brick improvements; rents $190. .
137:6x137:6; corner of Leavenworth and.Green-
'Vlch ts. ; 10 rooms and bath; rents $50; $12,000.
25x90; Turk St., near Laguna; 3 new flats;
••'sll,ooo. ' i
■■• ' 23x77; Jackson, near Taylor; rents $76: $SBOO.
'■•• 23x82:6; Hayes, near S;>-iner; flats; rent $42 50;
.-'•• modern bay-window; $5750.
- 20x57:6; corner Dupont and Hlnckley; store
'ami lodging house; rents °s~,; $10,000.
" ' 21x67:5; Powell, near Vallejo; rent $18; $6250.
.-•' 24*3xC9:9; Green, near Powell; new modern
•bay-window flats; rents $3S: $4500.
■■ 25x122:6: Shotwell. near -21th; 2 flats; $2300.
: - . -2-jxSO; Guerrero, near 17th; flats; $3750. ; .• -
'•■' 25*80; Clara, near sth: $3500.
■ • 26 # 9x76"9* corner Boardman place and Fargo
•■-place- store and flat; rents $22; $2200. '
" :': '- 17-6x57:6; Filbert, near Varennes; $1400.
- ■ I""I '' ""' D ' UNIMPROVED.
' 80x71:10; SE. corner Polk and Lombard.
'■■ 23x115; Scott, near Washington.
'. '. 25x85; 13th. near Stevenson; 2 lots. .
>. " 25x100: Valencia, bet. 13th and 14th; 4 lols.
25:8x114; 28th. near Dolores.
'.-■ Silver terrace homestead lota cheap.
.'• TO parties going to build— Plans and specifl-
•"■ rations furnished; estimates given. JOHN
'"•■ FLAHERTY, Builder. 1207 Market St., near
..•Eighth; telephone Mint 1839. , - ■
.'•jniOO COTTAGE, n room* and bain; one. $2675,5
-.rooms and attic; easy terms. J. ANDERSON,
builder, Liberty St., nr. Castro, or 340 Jersey.
$2000— BARGAIN; call and sen it; house of 10
rooms- lot 35x100; 100 feet from Mission. St.; 16
' Poweli aye. J. ■F. PLUMBS. IiOZ Valencia.
NICE house and lot In Napa to trade for Rich-
mond lots. O. D. BALDWIN & SON. 22
" Montgomery st. . -.
A HOME— bay-window, new G-room cot-
A tage- all modern improvements; large lot;
street complete; $1200; pay the same as you
do rent. Owner. 1223 Cortland aye.
C ' C MI E STATE AN^^D^m.^
- ; FOR "SALE. ■
Choice building lot on Army and Twenty-
seventh cits. : close to electric road. .
$5000— Good corner for store; must be so.d;
lot 52:4x60 feet. . ,- ' :  ~ , ,
$6700—50x127:6 feet on Jackson ; st., overlook-
. Ing the Presidio and bay.
JO-vara on Page St.; panhandle of park. -:^, .';
$300— Choice building lots north of park. ■ ■
Southwest corner Fifth aye. and C
■t. : 109x95 feet. . J
'' city REAL ESTATE.
MADISON &' BURKE, Real Estate Agents.
Established 1888. 626 Market st: , •
$7500— McAllister st., near Fillmore; two large
flats; paying good Income; lot 25x100. :■• ■
Must be sold— Two fine flats on Kayes St.,
near Buchanan; lot 27:6x120 to rear street; rents
very low; $55; only $7250; make offer. . .
$4500— st., near Deviaadero; 7 rooms and
bath; lot 23x137
$5250— Gough St., near Fulton; 11 rooms and
bath; laundry and large cellar; lot 31x52;6. "
$5000— Three flats; Twenty-first St., near Va-
lencia; rents $39 per month; lot 22x90.
O'Farreil. near Devisadero; 3 houses;
rents $42 per month; lot 43xS0. ' : .~"'v
$2900 — Twenty-fifth St., near Sanchez; 6
rooms and bath; 24:3x114.
$3000— Cottage and lot; Twen'.y-first St., near
Castro; 6 rooms and stable; 25x114. -
Webster St., near McAllister; 6 rooms
and bath and rear house; lot 25x54:6. .
$3500— cottages; Chattanooga St., near j
Twenty-third; 32:6x117:6.
Hyde, near Union; cars pass; lot 26x60; only
$2500. • ' '/?>' : .i.v
$2000— Cortland aye., corner Moultrie st.; 32x
90 and 2-story house; worth $25 per month.
- UNIMPROVED PROPERTY.
Corner on HiUklu and Octavia sts., 1 block
off Market; 37:6x100; offered low; one-half pur-
chase can remain at 6 per cent.
Corner, only $2250; California and Locust
sts.; 37:6x107:7.
("0 vara; Buchanan, corner of Chestnut; $6000;
137:6x137:6.
$3500— Bryant, near Twenty-fifth; 52x100.
$2750— Clay .St., near Spruce; 27:6x127:8.
$2600— Page, near Devisadero; 25x137:6.
— Twenty-first st., near Sanchez; 50x114.
$1750— Union st., near Webster: 25x100. .
$1250— Slxtaenth ft., near Castro; 25x100.-
slooo— Se"enth aye.. near J St.; 2:.\120.
$1800— side Golden Gat« aye., near Cen-
tral aye.; 25x110.
$1000 — Jersey st., near Noe; £5x114.
California, Second aye.; 25x100; $800.
MADISON & BURKE, 626 Market st.
JOHN PFORR, removed to 403 Pine St.. oppo-
site Nevada Bank, will sell at sweeping re-
duction:
$8000— Page st., near entrance to the Park; 4
flats, 6 and 5 rooms each: rent $62.
$45,000, reduced from $50,000— st., best
part: a block front; fine improvement.
$25,000, rent $186— Stores and apartments in
best business part of Larkin st.
$34,000— Market st.. near Twelfth; lot 60x125
feet; well improved. • ~ •
$2250— Rent $30; a 3-flat on Broadway.
$1450— 2-story 8-room house; south of the
Mission; lot 25x100; make offer.
$6000— Rent $57; 3 houses on Harriet st.
$12,000—3 bay-window houses on Halght St.,
near Fillmore; lot 55x137:6.
PARK PANHANDLE PROPERTY. •
$13,000— Rent $94; i splendid flats on Fell St.,
near Masonic aye.; lot 37:6x137:6. . '.
$4250— Splendid cottage: Oak st., near Lyon;
lot 25x110; fronting on Park Panhandle.
IN THE HEART OF TOWN.
$62,500— Market st.; 1% blocks from the Bald-
! win: 4-story house; good size lots.
! $100,000— Fine property on -Kearny St., near
Market; large lot renting at $525 . per month,
nearly 6'per cent net ground rent.
$42,500— St., near Market; large lot;
well Improved; stores and flats.
INCOME PROPERTY.
$3750— Rent $30; business property; store and
5-room flat upstairs.
$5000— Rent $60; 4 flats on Gear}" st., near Dev-
isadero; lot 28x125.
$5750— Rent $47; store and 2 flats; Geary st.,
near Fillmore.
$2400— Rent $25; double flats near Sixth and
Bryant sts. ■ ■ • •■■■•-.;
$500 CASH, balance of $500 like rent; Ocean
View cottage 7 rooms, bath^-etc. : fine lot.
California st. South, near Second aye.;
25x100; the biggest snap out there. W. H.
CRIM & CO., liS Montgomery Bt. . .
j NEW cottages, . large lots, j Mission cars. $1500,
or monthly Installments . paid .up In seven
years. Owner, 413 Kearny st.
SOL GETZ & BROTHER.
ROOM "A," CROCKER BUILDING.
'HEADQUARTERS FOR PARK . LOTS.
SUNSET DISTRICT LOTS A SPECIALTY.
Branch Office on Ninth aye., near H st.
$400, $150, $500 to $SOO each; «treet graded, lots
ready to build on: $25 down, $5 monthly. --•■•'
Unexcelled View. Perfect Bargains.
Go to see them. Local agent on the Ground.
RICHMOND LOTS FROM $400 TO $800.
$100 to $300: lots near Mission-Bt. . electrlo
cars; ready to build on; $10 down, $5 monthly, j
SOL GETZ St BROTHER. 1 .
-- ROOM "A." CROCKER- BUILDING.
$13,000— 50-VARA lot with large house of 16
rooms and stable, lawn, etc., fronting on 3 !
streets, 2 corners; streets bituminized, con- i
Crete sidewalks, stone bulkhead; place worth j
$25,000; must be sold; mortgage of $10,000 can
remain; lot alone worth J20.000; best West-
ern Addition location. O. D. BALDWIN &
SON. £2 Montgomery st. - '
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
|A. M. SPECK & CO., 602 Market St.— acres,
hay. fruit and grain; Income $15,000 last year;
5000 assorted fruit trees bearing: elegant resi-
dence, packing house, blacksmith, etc.; rail-
road station on the place; no better Income
ranch in California. . '
40 acres. 1 mile from San* Jose; 4000 fruit
trees; splendid buildings; finest place In Santa
Clara Valley. ' ■
A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
$750— LARGE lot and 6-room cottage in town
of Santa Rosa. A. M. SPECK & CO., 601
i Market St.. .
| $1050— BARGAIN; must.be sold; 16 acres. Lake
County, 1% miles from town, on county road
and running stream; 10-room residence; 10-
acre bearing orchard: % mile to school.
$3200—160 acres. Lake County; 80 acres un-
der cultivation; fine residence and buildings. .
C. F. MOORE, 935 Market St., room 4.
$950— Half cash; 88 acres near station; Santa
Cruz County; part cleared; house; plenty
wood and water.
$1600— Half cash; 164 acres near Wrights; 7
acres vineyard and orchard ; house, barn, etc.
I. C. SCHARFF, 20 Montgomery st. . -^
460 ACRES, Alameda County; large oaks,
springs, house, fence: valae $4600; will ex-
change for ranch In Shasta or Lassen County.
L. L. M. SALSBURY, 002 Broadway, Oakland.
FOR sale— 4 acres well-Improved, 1 mile from
Petaluma; cheap. Box 472. Petaluma.
7 OR 27 acres, improved, near Lafayette, Cal.,
cheap. P. O. box 20, Peralta, Cal. . ■
527 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. . ... ■ ■
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
EXCHANGE for «lty or San Jose property; 40
acres, near Auburn: 32 bearing orchard; price
$6500; clear. . I. C. SCHARFF. 20 Montgomery.
CLEAR ' property that produces a net cash
monthly Income of $800 to $1000 for ranch free
and clear. Address box 18SQ. Call of flee. '
_ "money TO LOAN.
to'lENdT B&UB FROM $500TO$5iMOoTllt
from 6 per cent on mortgage of real estate,
for a term of years, or redeemable by Install-
ments.
Money loaned on PATENTS, INVENTIONS
FINANCED and capital procured to DE-
VELOP AND PERFECT SAME.
R. GOULD.
131 Montgomery st., San Francisco.
LOANS' on furniture or pianos In S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda at lowest rates, without
removal: no commission; no delays. J.
•NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission St.. above
Sixth: telephone South 14.
LOANS to salaried people holding permanent
- positions: no security except their name;
easy payments. New Era Loan Co.. rm. 25,
I(<(iV' 2 Broadway. Oakland; hours 10 to 8.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store, room 408, Parrott building.
ON furniture, pianos, city" or Oakland; no re-
moval: low : rates', no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 130 Powell st.
ANY amount at 6M>-per cent on real estate, 2d
and Kd mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate. R. McCOLGAN, 24 Montgomery, rm. f3.
BORROW from the CUT-RATE LOAN OF-
FICE. 22 Mason St., opp. Olympic. Music Hall
ON furniture, pianos, without removal: no com-
mission: private. LICK. 116 McAllister st.
SECOND mortgages and undivided Interests In
estates a specialty. MURPHY. C3O Market st.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist ami 2d mortg.;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
~ MONEY WANTED. ' . '
WANTED Immediately— sl6oo; reasonable In-
terest; good security. Address box 1681; Call.
WANTED— SISOO: hlKh Interest; best security.
Addreyg box 1887. Call office.
„_ FINANCIAL. .- ■ . :.. : •;
''"INS and Out» of Wall St"; 60 pages, with
charts and tables; full of valuable ■ informa-
tion to speculators 10c, in stamps. I PUB-
USHER, P. O. box 196. New York. ; >- ■ -•
SEWING MACHINES. ■~~
XutOMATICh Domestic. Singer and • Whit*
cheap; repairing guaranteed. 1915 r Mission st.
$2 MONTHLY; rented : repaired, bought sold;
machine supplies. ; 145 Sixth; ,' phone Mint 46.
ALL kinds bought."" sold, exchanged;', rented;
repairing at lowest rates. 206 Fourth it.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
$8500— Three handsome new flats of 6 rooms
and bath each; large lot; Central %aye.,.% aye.,. close to
Golden Gate Park; rent $82.
$2600— Clara St.. near Fourth; lot 25x55; 2 flats,
4 and 6 rooms; rent $25; large mortgage can re-
main.
$5000— Large ! corner lot, ■ 50x100, close to ' the
corner of Twelfth and Market sts. ; partially
improved; a good investment. ?; t ; ,^ ;- j
$8750— Rent $87; Folsom-st. corner; 5 tenants;
lot 25x112:6; a splendid interest-paying prop-
erty. 1 ■ ' .-.\;Vr--; .-J*;i «.iii;':
$3000— A good cottage of 5 rooms and bath in
Mission warm -belt; also cottage, 5 rooms, In
rear; rent $30; lot extra large.
$2300— Handsome new bay-window cottage of
6 rooms and bath.'with basement, In Richmond;
good location; lot 25x127; at this price property
is a bargain; see it.
$2500 — Big ' snap; Twenty-fifth st., near
Church; store and 4 rooms in rear; also 7 rooms
and bath above; lot 25x114.
$4750— Large corner lot, 35x57:6, corner of
Laguna and Page sts. ; good location for store
: and flats. f
$20,000— Best part of Western Addition (Pan-
handle District) ; 6 handsome new flats of 6
rooms and bath each; large corner lot; a splen-
did Income property; rent $200.
$7000— Rent $07 50; big bargain; close to
town; Larkin St., near Vallejo; 3 flats of 5 and
6 rooms each.
15000— Powell st., near Broadway; 2 flats, 5
and 6 rooms; rent $38; street accepted.
JsEoo— Fine new residence, 8 rooms; hard-
wood-floors beautifully decorated rooms; latest
plumbing; street work accepted; 767 Cole St.,
near Frederick; no reasonable offer refused.
$5500— Sacramento st. ; lot 80:6x127; Improve-
ments, 2 flats of 5 and 6 rooms and bath each,
new; rent $45. i /
$2750— $25; lot 25x100; 2 flats of 4 rooms
each ; stable; Twenty-third - 6t. , near Rhode
Island.
$4150— Big bargain; Jackson St., near Baker;
bay-window cottage of 6 rooms and bath;
stable in rear; lot 25x128.
BALDWIN & HOWELL,
10 Montgomery st.
CHOICE - . ■
PARK TERMS $5 MONTHLY. *
Five weeks ago we placed on the market luo
lots fronting on Bth, Sth. 10th and 11th avenues
and not a great way south of Golden Gate ParK
end we have only a few of them left.
• OVER 60 LOTS SOLD.
Price* $270 and Upward.
25 Cash— Balance J5 Monthly.
An excellent opportunity to make money,
values bound to rise, no property in the city
has such a future. Grand views of the bay,
Golden Gate Park and Its many attractions.
Close to the Affllated Colleges. -Don't wait,
go out to-day to see them. It wont be time
wasted.
BOTH BLOCKS GRADED AND FENCED.
HOW TO GET THERE.
Take Halght or Ellis street cars and transfer
to the new electric road (taking the place of the
old steam dummy), get off car at Ninth avenue I
and H street. We have a branch office there
open daily (Sundays and holidays Included).
Blue cars on Mission and . Ellis streets run
direct from the ferries.
BALDWIN & HOWELL.
10 Montgomery st. ■
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
! HALF value; 20-acro home place; Sono-
ma County; grapes, fruit, corn and grain;
house, barn, etc. C. K. KING, 902 Broadway,
Oakland. ■ .
11% ACRES Sonoma County; near Santa Rosa;
to trade for Oakland house. C. K. KING. 902 !
Broadway, Oakland.
25 ACRES near Livermore for Oakland house; I
$3000; well improved; also 1000 acre stock '
ranch. $5000: all trade. C. K. KING, &02 j
Broadway, Oakland. Cal.
GO to Oakland and live; fine new modern two-
story hous*\ now being built on Oakland
Heights; close to electric car; will be sold
on easy terms. JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464
Ninth st.
LOOK at this; only $350; easy terms; 50x100 on
north side of street; seven minutes to local
station; bargain.
Best investment properties in Oakland. See
* JAS. S. NAISMITH, 464 Ninth st.
$32'i0— NEW modern house of 9 rooms, with lot
50x160 feet; desirable location and street work |
all done; easy terms or will trade for lots.
$1250— Elegant building lot, 60x130 feet; ad- I
Joining Linda Vista Terrace In Piedmont.
HUGH M. CAMERON, 479 Ninth st., Oakland.
A— ssso. PAYABLE $5 monthly, will buy one
of those new 3-room cottages, with lot 50x125,
or 4 rooms and bath. $750— 57 60 a month — in |
the Alvln Tract; streets macadamized; take I
Haywards local train to Elmhurst station; I
train stops in front of the Alvln tract; or
Hay wards electric car to Jones aye. ; free
carriage meets electric earn on Sundays.
JACOB HEYMAN, 11 Montgomery. St.. San
Francisco, or 463 Ninth St., Oakland.
I HAVE good clear city property for ranches; j
also Eastern property In all States. E. £.
BUNCE. 908 Broadway, Oakland.
20 GOOD lots, street work all done, $100 and
upward, in Frultvale; before you buy or
build Bee my list; 30-page catalogue. . E. E.
BUNCE, 608 Broadway, Oakland. .
$11,000—14 ACRES; 9 acres in full bearing
oranges; Income $2000 per year; will sell or
may exchange for good Oakland property. E.
E. BUNCE, 908 Broadway,
WHY continue to pay most of your income for
house rent? Send for our Illustrated booklet,
"A Home for $5 per Month"; mailed free. ]
BELDEN & COOK, Installment Home Build- I
era, 1112 Broadway, Oakland.
NEW 6-room cottage, high basement, all mod- i
crn Improvements, and 4 vacant lots with !
bearing fruit trees, grounds and walks; $200
down, balance same, as rent. Field Realty
Co., 1145 E. 14th St., nr. 23d aye.. E. Oakland.
FOR sale or exchange - for S. F. - property— s-
rm. house, bath; nr. train. Box 421, Call, Oak.
$400 CASH. $8 monthly, will buy a handsome 6-
room cottage, bath, and everything about it
modern; very large lot; location the best In
Oakland; fine soil; grand view, yet level;
nice homes surrounding; a property for a
home worth seeing; streets all macadamized;
fine school and electric cars near by; city
water and sewer: entire price $1250; a few
fine large lots $125; $10, $5 monthly upward:
also 3 choice corner lots at a bargain; Ga-
llndo Settlement. East Oakland. Call or
send for circular to 455 Seventh St., corner
Broadway. Oakland; carriage free. H. Z.
JONES, Owner. .
A WEEK'S news for 5 centß— The* Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing. - -■-■■■
~~~ OAKLAND HOUSES. .
MODERN 6-room flats, $12 to $:7; no dark rm«.;
stove and' porcelain bath; -water, ash man
free;'Ad>llno station. Oakland; key 940 Union
st. KQENIG & KROLL. 1006 Broadway.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
BROADWAY. 1229— Unfurn housekpg rooms,
carpets; reasonable to responsible Parties^
OAKLAND FURNITURE for SALE.
FVRNI7UK!-:— <!r,od »n<l fh«i> . H. •*< MKlib- 1 *
HAAS' c)<l »tor» ■KW»n»H,<it. a— V~
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS^
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
FINE modern 8-room residence in choicest part
of Alameda; a low offer will ' buy it. Mc-
AFEE . BROS.. 108 Montgomery St.
BPECI #IRST°CO C ME. FIRST SERVED.
. JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200. $1700. $1800. $2200. $2600. : $3000. _ ■ . '
The above are lovely cottages which have
been thrown upon the market for non-payment
of Installments, , and they are now offered at
a great sacrifice to close accounts. _ They con- 1
tain 4, 5, 6 and 7 rooms, and .-.re finished up to
date; almost new, and are located near schools
and stations. '.■ "■' . ■ r ■ : . ...
We are going to weed them out. ana Invite
inspection. • ■ MARCUSE & REMMEL. :
Bay-st. station, Alameda. and 630 Market st..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays. -
11400— TO close an estate; lot -.40x100; modern
house, 7 rooms; -2 blocks from station and
school.
$1000— Snap; lot 50x150; house of 4 rooms; 2
blocks from Morton-st. station. - / .
$2800— New Colonial cottage. 7 . rooms ana
bath; lot 42x150; elegant location; easy terms.
(Elegant home on Central aye.; lot 60x207. See
Kilb at on«e. Houses to let in ell parts of A la-
meda. H. P. MOREAL & CO.
CHOICE new cottage . of ;6 . rooms ; lot 50x158 ;
$2400; $300 cash: $25 per month. ;. _-
■' -$250 each— Lots 25x108: $40 .cash;- $10 per
month. J. H. ■ YOUNG. : 1248 Park st. . t ■■-' '•■":'■ ? -
FOR SALE— 6O cents on the dollar; one 5, one 6
and one 7 room ' cottage; also for Investment.
2 two 2-story cottages, pay net in per cent;
best location. Apply to A. R. > DEN KE Sr..
•Webster-st. station, narrow-gauge. v ;
BEFORE you . buy .or.* build I Bee ; our : bargains.
- ! Alameda Land • Company, ' installment ■■? home
builders and real estate agents. 1500 Park st.,
Alameda. Cal.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale or trade at a sacrifice: 2 8- r °om
houses on large lots; street work done; sight-
ly view property insured for $3600; wortn
$6000; will sell for $4500: less for cash; a suru
bargain. O. G. MAY & CO., 2123 Center st..
Berkeley. • ■
A— ssso; SMALL house, 4 rooms, in Berkeley,
near station; $25 down; $10 monthly.
$125: lot 25x130; $10 down. $5 monthly; near
California and Nevada Railroad.
CHARLES A. BAILEY, owner.
20 Montgomery st.
ALTA PUNTA Tract again on the market;
prices reduced; on San Pablo aye.. 3 miles
north of Berkeley: lots and by acreage; look
Rt this. Send for map to G. W. HAIUHI.
220 Sansoroe St., S. F\
$3000— 5-ROOM cottage: bath, laundry: V+i acres;
12 mm. walk to Berkeley stn. Freese & CoU-
rtlngrton, 2119 Stanford pi., opp. Berkeley ftn.
FRLITVALE REAL ESTATE.
NOW IS YOUR OPPORTUNITY.
SHOO— Owner must sell; going East; new mod-
ern cottage; culonial style: 5 rooms; reception
hall; fine mantel; bathroom; sanitary plumb-
ing ; high basement; only 2 blocks from Fruit-
vale station; easy terms if desired; see this
Immediately.
$900— $100 cash, balance monthly Installments
as rent; new cottage of 4 rooms and bath; high
basement; chicken houses; city water and sew-
erage complete; near station.
$1650— Cottage of 5 rooms and basement; front
and back porch; good stable; 4 chicken houses;
fine artesian well; windmill and tank; fruit
trees in bearing; lot 65x150; all fenced.
$250— Very cheap; 2 choice lots; 25x1-5 each;
Just % their former value; fine location.
H. A. PLEITNIiR. Frultvale Station, Cal.
HOUSES TO LET.
AT 26 Morris aye., off Harrison St., near Sixth-
Sunny 5 big-room house, good repair, $13;
water free; big yard; big cellar.
BA ■ -WINDOW house 8 rooms and bath. 331
Lexington aye.
ELLIS ST.— 7-room house, bath, yard; rent
$15. Apply 626 Eddy st.
MODERN residence, 3415 Jackson St.; grand
view 11 rooms and bath. Apply MADISON
& BURKE. 626 Market st.
PERRY 20S, near Fourth— «• rooms and yard;
rent $8: water free. Apply to G. H. UMB-
EEN _ CO.
RINCON place. 30— Sunny house, 8 rooms, bath,
large yard, $25.
SAN RAFAEL— For rent, 2-story house. 8
rooms and bath, 1 block from broad-gauge
depot. $15; also o'-i acres with 5-room cottage
in city Umits, suitable for chicken ranch.
$15. JOHfN L. GREEK, San Rafael.
WE can rent you a. house with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN & HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
$16—6 ROOMS, bath; lower part. 12 Guy place,
off First st., above Fol3om.
$32 50—3120 21st Bt., near Capp; 7 rooms, bath.
$28—710 Capi> St.: 9 rooms, bath.
$27 50—2423 California Bt. ; 8 rooms, bath.
$25—2728 Mission St.: 9 rooms, bath.
W. H. CRIM & CO., US Montgomery st.
~ FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEW house of 5 rooms: latest Improvements;
cars pass the door. 32398 Sixteenth Bt., ne_r
Guerrero.
COTTAGES TO LET.
A~S^ROOM cottage to let— Large garden; fine
back yard; everything convenient. 4409
Twenty-fourth St.; rent $11.
COTTAGE; $5; 3 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near Twenty-fifth Bt^
FIVE sunny rooms, with marine view; rent
$12; 20 Reed st., near corner Washington and
Leavenworth: half a month free rent. A. M.
SPECK & CO., 602 Market st^ .
«10— SUNNY 4-room cottage; yard; basement;
Nineteenth st., near Bryant. Key _t 2953
Twenty-first st^
$10— NEAT cottage 4 rooms; yard. 1705 Turk
st., corner of Scott.
$10 50— COTTAGE, A rooms, cellar, yard. 468
Linden aye., near Hayes and Laguna sts.
$12 50— COTTAGE, 4 rooms and bath; large
basement and yard. 7 Hartford St., near
Eighteenth and Castro. |
$18— SUNNY cottage; 5 rooms and bath and
stable; corner of Dolores and Cumberland.
FIRMSHED FLATS.
FLAT of 5 rooms and bath; newly decorated: j
furnished complete; rent reasonable to right
party; reference required. 3 Hartford St.,
near Castro and Eighteenth sts.
FLATS TO LET.
A— NICE 5 rooms and bath. 577 Geary St., $27.
A — 7-room cottage, 60S Mason St., $35.
A— 6 nice flats and houses, I 'aclflc Hc-lßhts.
At A. M. SPECK & CO.'B, 602 Market st.
BUOKANAN, 916— Sunny corner bay-window
flat 5 rooms, bath: $16.
CHATTANOOGA, 214— New modern flats, upper
and lower; 6 and 5 rooms; bath; $22 and $18.
CLAYTON, 874, south of Frederick — Modern
sunny flat of 4 rooms and bath.
DIAMOND, 224. near Nfneteent-— Sunny mod-
ern flat 5 rooms; stable optional.
FLAT. 6 rooms, $14; also cottage. 625 Second
street. ___________
FLAT, 3 furnished rooms for housekeeping;
bath. 624 Elizabeth st.; Castro cars.
FLAT 5 rooms, bath; yard; modern improve-
ments. IW-i Chattanooga st.
GREEN, 1725— Upper flat, 7 rooms; bath; yard;
basement; marine view; cheap.
HAVES, 339- Branch ofttce of The Call. Sub-
scriptions and ads taken.
HENRY, 132, near Fourteenth— Flat of 5 rooms
and bath, with stable.
LEAVENWORTH, K.l'J— Upper flat of 6 rooms;
gas; bath; rent $16.
McALLISTER, 726— Upper tlHi 7 rooms, bath;
rent $27; key at 728. _^
NEWLY-PAINTED 5 and 6 room flats; rent re-
duced. 10S7A Dolores Bt.
1 i Z_ZZ
NEW flat, 5 rooms and bath. 539 Minna Rt.
PROSPECT place. 101. corner of Sarramento —
$13; sunny flat; range: hot and cold water.
SCOTT 1713— Flat of 5 rooms and bath; lent
$14.
SHIPLEY, 287. near Slxlh— sl3 50; flat of 5
rooms ami bath.
SHOTWELL, 12, near Fourteenth— sl7; cozy
upper flat, 5 rooms; bath; yard.
SIXTEENTH, 3176. near Guerrero— Flat, 4
rooms, bath, cheap; also store and nice living
rooms.
SUNNY bay-window flat, 7 rooms, bath; cot-
tage, o rooms; cheap. NE. cor. Dolores _ ljth.
TURK, 620 — Sunny upper flat, 5 rooms; bath;
laundry; cellar, etc.; no children.
TWENTY-THIRD. 29.11, between Harrison and
Alabama— 4 sunny rooms, bath; cellar.
UPPER bay-window flat, a rooms and bath;
modern improvements. 3^ Buwie aye., oft
Eleventh st. *
WE can rent you a flat with or without a
flagpole. BALDWIN <_ HOWELU 10 Mont-
gomery st.
2 FLATS. 4 rooms and bath; $10 and $12. 507 A
Birch aye., above Octavia st.
2 OR 8 unfurnished rooms and bath. 1229 Mis-
sion St., between Eighth and Ninth^
$7_LOWER flat. 4 rooms. Apply 2643 Bryant
aye., near Twenty- tlfth st
IS — THREE rooms, upper flat; sunny. 267 a
Dore st.. off Harrison, near Ninth.
$12-918 GEARY st.. 5 sunny rooms; water free.
$„, $147Ti7TfLATB. light and sunny; 4, 5 and
8 rooms. 2209 Geary st. I
$15^-UPPER flat. 5 large sunny rooms; yard;
cellar; water free. 1254 Folsom st.
$22~60— MODERN 5-room flat. 125 Ash aye.,
near Van Ness.
$25— MODERN flat of S rooms, bath; 1 or 2
families. 1128 Howard st.
$35^3130 WASHINGTON; S rooms, bath.
$22 50—2516 Mission: 6 rooms, bath.
$21—123 Hermann: corner; 5 rooms, bath.
j2O— iSOT Eddy: 4 rooms, bath.
$18—207 Second; 7 rooms.
US— 9O4 Bhotwell; 5 rooms, bath.
$17—117 Hermann; 5 rooms, bath.
$16—1106 Treat aye.; 4 rooms, bath.
j]6_ljfls Union: 6 rooms, bath.
•ie_l4B6 Fifteenth, cor. Howard; 5 rooms.
$15 nvi McLea; 5 rooms, bath.
$14—2416 Mission; 4 rooms, bath.
$12—431 Fulton; 5 rorms. '
YV. H CRIM _& t'O.. 1H Montgomery st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
j_ gviTE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; kitchen and bedroom;
furniture all new; $2 per week, $S per month;
suitable for 2 or 3 persons. Apply at shoe
store, 562 Mission St., bet. First and Second
sts. .
BROADWAY, 700— Large sunny bay-window
pultes and single rooms; gas; bath.
ELLIS, 632— Four sunny unfurnished rooms.
Call 1 to 4. |
CASTRO, 40S, rear— 3 nice sunny housekeeping
rooms; large yard; stable if^deslredj^ clvup.
E_>l)T 305—2 large sunny rooms; private fam-
uy.
FIFTH, 153V4— Sunny suit of rooms and house-
keeping room; also other rooms.
FOLSOM. 1254A— $«: 2 housekeeping rooms;
yard: cellar; water.
HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS— Continued.
FOURTH, 316— Housekeeping and single rooms
furnished; reasonable.
GEARY, 610 — Large sunny newly furnished
room; also room for housekeeping; gas range.
GEARY, 660— Elegant sunny furnished and un-
furnished rooms; light housekeeping If de-
sired; bath, gas; reasonable.
GOLDEN GATE, 1000—2 large sunny well fur-
nished rooms for light housekeeping; gas
Btove: bath free; telephone.
GROVE. 131—1 eunny furnished room; suit-
able for light housekeeping.
GROVE 202, corner Van Nees aye.— Sunny un-
furnished 3-roora suite, with gas range.
HAIGHT, 220— Sunny furnished alcove, with
kitchen, for housekeeping.
HOWARD, 504— Sunny furnished housekeeping
rooms to rent; cheap. «
HOWARD, 1052— Sunny front parlor and house-
keeping rooms.
HOAVARD. 1428—3 sunny unfurnished rooms;
Phed; large yard; rent $9.
HOWARD lSii3B— 2 nicely furnished sunny
rooms, suitable for light housekpg If desired.
HOWARD, 2006 A, near Sixteenth— 2 rooms fur-
nished for housekeeping. $10.
JACKSON, 1414— Front room, dlnlug room,
kitchen, furnished complete for housekeep-
lng; $10. ,
JONES, 2U56-2 sunny front unfurnished rooms;
bath tubs; $S; housekeeping.
LANGTON, 230H— Floor of 3 rooms, furnished
for housekeeping; basement.
LARKIN, 433— Furnished bay-window; house-
keeping; reasonable.
LARKIN, 706— Furnished or unfurnished, suit-
able for light housekpg; single; light; sunny.
LEAVENWORTH, 215— Sunny suite: light
housekeeping; bath; private family; vacant
Ist of December.
LEAVENWORTH. 515— Two sunny- rooms,
completely furnished for housekeeping. ■
LEAVENWORTH. 517—2 unfurnished rooms for
housekeeping; downstairs.
McALLISTER, 228 A — 8 sunny unfurnished
rooms for light housekeeping; gas, bath and
telephone; no children.
McALLISTER. 40S— 4 unfurnished rooms and
bath; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER, 1050—2 or 3 sunny furnished
rooms, gents or housekeeping; running water;
$6 nz>; adults.
MINNA, 28— Sunny furnished front housekeep-
ing rooms; very low rent.
MISSION, 1146 1 4— N5-w house: nicely furnished
light housekeeping, also single rooms.
MISSION 1217— Sunny front suites complete for
housekeeping; $12, $14 and $16.
MISSION 1729Vi. near Thirteenth— 2 sunny fur-
nlfhed housekeeping; bath; laundry; $8; no
children.
MORS, 13, off Howard— J or 3 rooms furnished
for housekeeping^
NINTH, 21— Suite of sunny rooms, furnished
for light housekeeping; water and gas.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished rooms; sunny;
heuvy housekeeping; fine neighborhood; $10.
OAK, 119— Sunny front room, furnished nicely
for 2; light housekeeping; $5.
OCTAVIA, 1410, near Geary— Sunny rooms for
housekeeping; no children.
O'FARRELL. 1393— Sunny suite of 2 rooms
nicely furnished, with running water; cheap.
PAGE, B—2 sunny unfurnished rooms; bath and
gas; reasonable.
PINE, 733—3 sunny rooms for housekeeping;
completely furnished.
POLK Co7— Bunny front rooms, furnished. In-
cluding piano; rent reasonable; also single
rooms.
POST, 922— Unfurnished sunny connecting
rooms; gas; water; yard; newly furnished
halls.
POST, 921 — Sunny suite of rooms; conveniences
for housekeeping; private.
POWELL, 710— Nice large room for very light
housckpnar.; folding bed; grate; gas: $7 or $3.
SCOTT, 1614— 1st floor of 3 unfurnished rooms;
bath, garden; $16; adults only.
SHIPLEY. 259—4 housekeeping rooms, $6; new
house; for adults only, and no animals.
SIXTH 23^— Sunny front rooms complete for
light housekeeping: also single rooms : reaa.
SIXTH 216>4— A nice sunny furnished room
and kitchen complete: also single; reasonable.
sTxTH, 561. rear— 3 good large unfurnished
rooms; cheap. __^
BOUTH PARK. 184—2 sunny front rooms nicely
furnished for housekeeping; $11.
STEVENSON. 403. cor. Fifth— Large furnished
housekeeping rooms complete; otherß cheap.
TAYLOR. 238— Front parlor for gentleman; un-
furnished housekeeping rooms; bath; yard;
good location.
TENTH. 186, corner Mission— Front room, fur-
nished for housekeeping: srat* anl water.
ROOMS TO LET.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
tunny rooms; en suite or single; first-class
In every respect: terms reasonable,
AT Hyde, 609, Slitter, 719— Sunny; choice; rea-
sonable; 6 minutes from business center.
AT 52 Second— Double rooms tfer week. $1 50 to
$3; single, <1 to $1 50; day. 25c to 50c.
BALBOA. The. 1049 A Market— Changed hands;
renovated; rooms 50c, suites $1 per day; less
per week; country trade solicited; elev'tr;tel.
BIRCH aye., IS, -opp. City Hail— Large sunny
front room and bath; cheap.
BUSH^ 421 — Furnished and housekeeping
rooms. .
BUSH. 2242—4 unfurnished sunny rooms and
bath for housekeeping; no children; $12.
CALIFORNIA, 832 — Sunny furnished rooms;
with or without board^
CAHROLLTON, 1206 Market, oor. OMden Gate-
Nicely furnished rooms and offices^
DEI \WARE. M 33 Market Furnished or un-
furnished single and double rms.; $8. $10 mo.
DOLORES 3SS. near Sixteenth--$10; 4 rooms
nearly furnished; good cook stove; yard.
EDDY, 118— Sunn" pleasant rooms; $.6 per month
an 1 ujiwarU^
EDDY 380— Handsome parlor suite; also single
rooms: carpets and furniture entirely new;
at reasonable rent. _, .
ELLIS, 611— Nicely furnished front alcove
room- also double bedroom: reasonable.
FOLSOM, 652— Furnished rooms, single or en
suite; private faniu^ j
GEARY. 1505— Nicely furnished front room; 1
or 2 persons; il.
Gl,< BE House, 821 Howard— Per night, 25c to
SI; week $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN GATE aye., 330—2 sunny furnished
rooms for gentlemen; prlv. family; $6 and $10.
GOLDEN GATE. 425— One or three newly fur-
nished; $5, $B._sl°j . _.
GRAND" SOUTHERN, PE. cor. Seventh and
Mission— Pleasant sunny rooms; en suite and
single; elevator; moderate rates; families.
HANCOCK House. 7il Mission— Select family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HARRIioN, 784V4, near Fourth— Finely fur-
nlfhed sunny rooms; bath; all conveniences;
quiet home; $1 week.
HASKE-L, The, 121 Powell st.— Cheap, neat.
Mght, sunny rooms: transients, gents prefera.
HOTEL Francisco, Turk and Taylor-Elegant
suites and single rms. ; transient. Mrs. J. King.
HOWARD, 822—1 sunny hall bedrooms; $4 and
$6: private^ ,
HOWARD 9534— Neatly furnished sunny rooms
with bath; $1 25 week up: quiet house.
HOWARD, 959— Front room for two; private
family; $7.
HOAVARD. 1840—2 sunny furnished single
rooms; $6 and $7.
HYDE. 609— Nicely furnished sunny front room,
running water; gas, bath; gents preferred ; $12.
HYDE~IWW>4. cor. Pine— 2 single furnished
rooms; tlieapest In city; gents. .
JESSIE. 439, bet. Fifth and Sixth— Larg* doubU
parlors, nicely furnished; quiet house; cheap;
$12.
JONES, 117— Nicely furnished large sunny bay-
window front room; private.
LARKIN. 1200. opp. Lurltne Baths— Sunny fur-
niphed rooms; from $4 up.
LAP.KIN, So4— Sunny front, neatly furnished, 1
I or 2 persons; $6; small room $4.
LOCUST aye., 12S— Neat single front room fur-
nished; near Van Ness and Golden Gate
jives. ; $4 per month.
MASON 22_~Nteely furnished sunn" rooms;
slr.Kli and housekeeping : from $1 50 week up.
MINNA, 439^-Fumlshed rooms to let; reason-
able.
MINNA C 67. cor. Eighth— Newly furnished bay-
window room, $1 per week; transient.
OAK. 336— Furnished and unfurnished large
sunny rooms.
O'FARRELL, TO— Sunny furnished rooms; el»-
vator; electric Hehla: day. week orjmonth.
CVFARRELL, Btt— BttHßy furnished room; also
I Mngle room.
PAGE. 1312, near Lj^on— Fine alcove room, with
or without kitchen; reasonable.
POLK. 610— Large sunny front room; jrrat«;
gaa and bath; also hall room; private.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued. S
POLK, 1602— Sunny.. unfurnished room; also fur-
nished room; upper floor. , .
POST, 910—2 sunny front rooms for gentlemen;
$8 SO,' $8 50; private family.
POWELL. 317 (former Cosmos Club)— Elegantly
furnished rooms; second floor; i easonable. ,
SEVENTH, Sunny front furnished room;
:$4 50. -■,,■■ - ,-.. ' ' • , •'"."'■ ' ' -V
SHERMAN Apartment House, .28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SIXTH, 120— Front suites and , single rooms;
also housekeeping rooms.
SIXTH. 2344— Front suites. $2 50; and single
rooms, $1 25; business locality. •
ST. JAMES, Laguna and McAllister—
: apartments; quiet, genteel home; reception
rooms, telephone. . porcelain baths; . unequaled
In city for rates charged: only seen to be ap-
preciated. \;i£.l'' ■ '
TAYLOR, I 323— Mlcely furnished front rooms;
en suite or single; bath, gas. i .
THE BRUNSWICK, 148 Sixth St.. corner How-
ard—Best appointed: centrally located: rooms
en suite or single, 250 to $1 night; $1 25 to $5
week; open all night: Howard-st. cars pass
boud* direct from all boats and trains.
TURK, Eo2B— Room to rent; private family..
VALLEJO, 1118 — 3 or 4 unfurnished rooms;
bath; 3 closets: $12. '
VAN NESS aye., 1109— Front Suite.
$4 A MONTH— Bed and sitting room combined;
well furnished: sunny. Box 1576, Call.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
BUSH, 822— Sunny suite; good board; hot and
cold water; single rooms.
FIRST. 416— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 a week up; elegant parlor suite.
GEARY. S22— Sunny rooms; hot and cold water;
good table board; reasonable; . gas; - bath.
HOTEL SUTHERLAND, 791 Sutter St., corner
Jones— location. In the city; elegantly
furnished; first-class In every respect; table
unsurpassed; elevator; suites with board, $50
upward; please apply between 10 a. m. and
Bp. m. • • ■■• : .
HOTEL Fairmount, 1714 Market— Elegant new
furniture;-. first class In every respect: table
unsurpassed; hot and cold water; elevator;
suites, with board for 2, $50 a month up.
O'FARRELL, 742— Pleasant rooms: home cook-
Ing; parlor: piano; bath- gents: special rates.
SUTTER. 1128— Elegant room and board; loca-
tion unsurpassed; reasonable.;..' : \ .'..*. ;
VALENCIA, 1070— A pleasant sunny, room, car-
peted, but unfurnished, with board.
VAN NESS- aye., Sunny furnished suites
and Bingle rooms; first-class table board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
CHILD to board:- nice home; '1 block from
school; with music, $12 per month. Musical
Studio, 1414 Twenty-first aye., East Oakland.
WANTED— I or 2 children to board; room for
parents. 489 Minna st. '■..''*'
WIDOW would, like 2 children to board; fur-
nished room for parent. 51 Clara' st. _2
STORES TO -. LET.
CORNER store. Twenty-second and Castro sts. ;
suitable for grocery and bar. . : > ' '_: '
GROCERY STORE and bar; fixtures complete;
good location: stables; rent reasonable. Ap-
ply WILLIAM CLUFF COMPANY, 20 Front.
$9 AND $10: 2 stores with living room. 339- Noe
St.. near Market; stable if desired.
! CORNER store, 4 rooms; ■ stable; 3551
j Twenty-fourth St.; Twenty-second-st. cars
! pass. ". : " ' - ','
'■I OFFICES TO LET. *
EMMA SPRECKELS. building. 927 Market St.;
light, heat. Janitor and telephone: rents $12 SO
to $20. . ASHTON & GARTVSTER. room 210.
DENTISTS.
A METAL plate for tne same price as rub-
ber; full set of teeth, $5; crowns, $3; fill-
ings. 60c; teeth without plates a specialty;
written guarantee for ten years given on all
I work; no students employed; extracting free
when plates are ordered; consultation free.
a Modern Dental Parlors, corner Market and
» Mason e°.s. Entrance 8 Mason st.
i A FULL set .of ■ teeth. $5; see • new flexible
I plates; light and thin; guaranteed 10 years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; . fillings, 50c; crowns, $3 50; all
; work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
: tal Parlors. 24 Sixth st. telephone Jessie 1132.
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, gen-"* Leek dentist,
discoverer of painless extraction and pat-
antee of improved bridge work or teeth with-
out plate, removed from 6 to 20 O'Farrell st.
SET of teeth. $5: fillings, gold. $1 up; silver, 25c
up; bridge work; plates repaired; all work
painless and warranted ten years. New York
Dentists, • 963 Mission st., corner Sixth. ■ . ,
! VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth. $5 up: fillings, 25c up all work pain-
less and guaranteed to stand; open evenings.
997 Market St., corner Sixth. - y;- ? v
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St., near
Eleventh; crowns, bridge work and fillings a
. specialty; all work reaso--ble; gas given.
SET teeth, $4; fill., gold 50c, silv. 25c; crowns
' $3; 9. a. m. to 10 p. m. Parlors, 235 Kearny.
I ALL — irk reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY. 1320 Market st.
] BET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. Q.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk st. . -■■'.. .
..: ■■ - - STORAGE. ■'?:■ -:•':'**' : .
FIERCE-ROPOLPH Storage and Moving Co.
Office 401 Post St.. cor. Powell: tel. Main 5713.
~~ PROPOSALS.
BIDS Wanted — Notice is hereby given that
sealed proposals will be received by the Board
of Directors of the Veterans' Home Associa-
tion at its office, room 13, 320 Sansbme st.,
San Francisco, Cal., up "to 10 o'clock a. m.,
Saturday, December 10, , ISPB, ■ and opened im-
mediately thereafter in the presence of bid-
ders, for furnishing and delivering quarter-
master and commissary supplies for the Vet-
eran*' Home, Napa County, Cal. (railroad sta-
tion Yountvllle),- for six months commencing
January 1. 1899, and ending June 30,-, 1899.
| Schedules with Information and inductions
for submitting bids will be furnished upon
application by the undersigned. Bidders will
carefully follow the conditions of the
schedules, and no bid will be considered un-
less it Is In accordance with such schedules.
Each bidder must accompany his bid with a
certified check upon some'A'ell known and re-
sponsible banking house for at least 10 per
cent of the amount of his bid, payable to J.
C. Currier, treasurer, conditioned that the
bidder will enter into a good and valid con-
tract upon notice of acceptance as required
by law. The board reserves the right to
.. reject any, or all bids and to order any quan-
tity over or under the amount specified.
. Address J. J. SCOVILLE, Secretary Veter-
ans' Home Association, room 13, 320 Sansome
St., San Francisco, Cal. By rrder of the
Board of Directors. ■ •. -■• , .
■ • ■ J. J. SCOVILLE.. Secretary.
LEGAL NOTICES. •
IF ALBERT ELSEY CARVER, who was re-
siding in and near Vancouver, > B. C.,' during
the years 1891 to 1895. and afterward in Cali-
fornia, and was last heard of In Sonora,
• Tuolumne County, Cal., about June, 1896. will
apply to the undersigned he will hear of
something to his vantage. WELLS- &
HIND. Solicitors. Nottingham.' England.
MARRIAGE LICENSES." -
Marriage licenses have been issued as follows:
Cornelius Cronin and Maggie Cordial 27-24
Tell Brodles and Leona Reedy.... r... ...... 24-21
L. A. Imhaus and Elizabeth v"lgoureut... so-30
Thomas. C. Kelley and Unity Ragan 28-24
Samuel Leavitt and Mary J. 8axter. ..... . .26-23
Arthur L. Ames and Elizabeth Casey...... 31-28
Albert Perdau and Matilda Perkin5.. ...... 25-13
BIMS--MARRIA6ES-DEAP" :
Birth marriage and death notices- sent by
mall will not be Inserted. They must be handed
in at either of the publication offices and be
indorsed with the name and residence of per-
eons authorized to have the same published.
■.' .: '' -';': :: BORN. ■■
BAHRENBURG— In this city. November 11.
1898, to the wife of C. Bahrenburg. twin sons.
BARRETT— In this city, November 25, 1898, to
the wife of John S. Barrett, a son. .
BORADORI— In this city, November 17, 1593,' to
the wife of Frank Boradori, a daughter.
' FOSTER— In this city, November 8. IS3S. to the
wife of Walter F. Foster, a daughter. .
GRENELL— In this city, November 24, 1898, to
the wife of F.G. Grenell, « son. -, ;
HARRIS— In' this city, November 13, 1898, to the
wife of L. Harris, a son."
HARROLD— In this city,' November 21; 1898, to
the wife of William P. Harrold. a son.
KATZ-In this city, November 25, 1898, to the
■wife of George Katz. a son. ; >
LYNCH— In this city, November 18, IS9S, to the
wife of John Lynch, a son. -
MALEY— In, this city, November 20, IS9S, to the
, : wife of JohnMaley, a son. ] : y : .
NUTTALL^-In this „ city, November" 20. 1898, to
: the wife of William Nuttall. ft daughter.
SIVERSTEIN— Oakland,' November 24, 1898,
-:;to the wife of H. Silverstein, a daughter.
TIMMINS— In this. city, November 22. IS9B, to
-, the wife of A. .Tlmmlns.-a daughter. %
MARRIED. '-['''
BRODENSTEIN— In this city, -No-
vember 23. 1898, by the Rev. Dr. E. Nelander,
Frank A. F'aglor and Etta Brodensteln, both
of San Francisco.
JACKSON— GORDON— In this city. Novembe*
16, IS9B. by the Rev. William Rader, William
E. Jackson and Minnie B. Gordon, both of
San Francisco.
McCRACKEN— SWENSON— In this city. No-
vember 23, 1898, at the home of the bride, by
the Rev. William Rader, John M. McCracken
and Emma Isabel Swengon. both of San
Francisco.
MARTIN— TARWATER— In Oakland, Novem-
ber 24, IS9S, by the Rev. O. Groensberg, Wal-
ter W. Martin and Rosa Ellen Tarwater.
NILSEN— HARTZ— In this city, November 24,
18S8. by the Rev. Dr. Edward Nelander. Win-
clan Nilsen and Minnie Hartz, both of San
Francisco.
NIEHAUS— SIEBE— In Shell Mound, Cal., No-
vember 23, IS9B, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng,
Adolph Niehaus and Frida &iebe.
PEDRETT— DETTLING— In this city, Novem-
ber 21, 1898, by the Rev. J. Fuendellng, Ben
Pedrett and Mary Dettling.
SCHIEVE— EAMPEL— In this city, November
23. IS9B, by the Rev. Hermann Gehxcke, Adolf
Schleve and Llna Bampel, botn of San Fran-
cisco.
WEGENER-JOHNSTON— In this city, No-
vember 23, IS9S, by the Rev. J. M. Gleason,
Charles A. Wegener and Florence M. John-
ston.
DIEI>7~
Ainsworth, Emma C. Lowrie. Elizabeth
Anstett, Emile A. Lyons, Richard J.
Barrett (infant) Madiien, Eieanor M.
Boradori (Infant) Matthews, John
Brett, Bertie S. Mooser, Alfredo J.
Byrnes, Annie Mosher, Oem-ge
Carnock, Lucy Murphy, Rachael A.
Christiansen, Eugene Nevander, Sophia
Cohn. Benjamin B. Oliver, Mre. Amanda
Curran, Michael Owens, Elizabeth
Daubs, Frances R, Peters, Junsr>n F.
Davis. Samuel Porter. David
Ek, Mary Reimer, Julius
Fay, Marguerite I. Snow, James
Flee, Richard Stauffer, John R.
Gaffney, James Sutcliffe, Flora
Harvey, John O. Teeple, George M.
Hinrichs, John F. Tullar. Hubbard 8.
Hiron, Victor Walsh. Ida M.
Kelly, Frank Wateihouse. C.
Lajus, Ernestine White. Jonathan L.
Leithead, Jas. McK. Williams, Freddla
Levy, Arie Wood, Edna F.
Lipman, Morris
AINSW 7 ORTH— In Oakland. November 26, 189S,
Emma C. Ainsworth, sleter of H. P. Green of,
San Francisco, a native of Illinois, aged 58
years.
ANSTETT— In this city, November 25. ISBS,
Emile A. Anstett. beloved son of Hermlna
Donohoe, brother of Edward J. Anstett and
Florence and Gertrude Donohoe, and nephew
of Mrs J. Distel, Arthur E. Vlvier and Mrs.
J. E. Curan, a native of San Francisco, aged
19 years and 7 months.
ICTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 12:20 o'clock, from the residence
of his "mother, 7248 Green street, thence to
St Francl3 Church for services at 1 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
BA.RRETT— In this city, November 23, IS9B, in-
fant son of Ellen M. and John S. Barrett,
aged 1 day.
BORADORI— In this city, November 17, 1898,
Infant daughter of Mr. and Mrs. Frank Bora-
dori.
BRETT— At Fort Douglas, Utah.. November 9,
1898, Bertie Sidney, youngest son of Captain
James E. Brett of Twenty-frvurth Infantry,
and Sallie Powers Brett, and grandson of
the late T. James Dunphy of San Francisco,
aged 16 years and 9 mouths.
BYRNES— Ih this city, November 2S, 1898, An-
nie, beloved daujhter of Peter and Sarah
Bvrnes, sister of Arthur. Thomas and Mamie
Byrnes and Mrs. C. J. Edw irds. and niece ot
M*rs Mari.-iry Kerns, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 22 years 3 months and 2S days.
CARNOCK— In this city, November 15, 189 S.
Lucy Carnock, a native of Maine, aged 3S
years.
CHRISTIANSEN— In this city, November 26.
189S Eugene Elveret, beloved son of Hans
and Elvlda Christiansen, and grandson of
Mrs. Julia Seter, a native of San Francisco,
aged 1 year and 5 months.
COHN— In this city, November 26, 189S, Benja-
min 8., beloved son of Abraham B. Cohn, a
native of New York City, aged 23 years.
CI'RRAN— In this city, November 26. 1898,
Michael beloved husband of Ann Curran.
and father of Thomas E. Curran, Mrs. W. F.
Kelly and Mrs. E. G. Schulz, a native of
County Cavan. Ireland, aged 61 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
November 29, at S:3O o'clock, from his lat©
residence, 2838 Mission street, thence to St.
James Church, where a solemn requiem high.
ma«s will be celebrated for the repose of his
soul at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
Cemetery.
DAUBS— In this city, November M, IS9B. Fran-
ces R., beloved wife of George W. K. Daubs,
a native of New Orleans, La., aged 48 years
and 2 months. (New York and Philadelphia
papers please copy.)
tC7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors r.f Porter & White, 122 Eddy street. In-
terment I. O. O. F. Cemetery.
DAVIS— In this city, November 25, 1898, Samuel,
beloved husband of Sarah Davis, and father
of Sam and Mose Davis, a native of Wresch-
en. Germany, aged 78 years.
[E?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1020 Hyde street, near Califiynla,
thence to Third and Townsend streets for
11:30 o'clock train. Interment New Salem
Cemetery-
EX— November 26, IS9S, Mary, beloved wife of
John Ek, and mother of Oskar Ek^ Mrs. A.
Claflin and Mrs. W. Sherbourne, a native of
Sweden, aged 51 years 2 months and 14 days.
FAY— In this city. November 25, IS9B, Mar-
guerite Irene, dearly beloved daughter of
Thomas and Delia Fay. and sister of James
and Virginia Fay, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 years 9 months and 25 days.
[CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from the parents
residence, 613 Locust avenue. Interment pri-
vate. Holy Cross Cemetery-
prcE—in this city. November 26, 1898. Rich-
ard beloved husband of Delhia Fice. and
father of Mrs. F. W. Larkin and Henry.
E'.la, George, Clara, Richard and Jennie
Fice, a native of Germany, aged 53 years and
2 months.
GAFFNEY— In this city. November 24, 1898,
James Gaffney, dearly beloved brother of the
late Mrs. Annie de Bard, a native of County
Donegal, Ireland, aged 65 years.
KTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors
of Valentp, Marinl & Co., 1524 Stockton street,
thence to St. Francis Church, whore a sol-
emn lequiem high mass will be celvhrated for
the repose of his soul, commenting at 9
o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
HARVEY— In this city. November 26. IBM
John Oliver, beloved child of Norval and
Sarah Harvey, a native of San Francisco,
aged 3 months and 6 days.
(CT Funeral private in Laurel Hill Cemetery.
HTNRICHP— In this city, November M, 18W,
John F.. beloved husband of Anna Ellze Hin-
rlchs. brother of Nicholas Hinrlchs, and
bmther-ln-law of Jasper Bottera and John
Murrey, 'a native of Hamburg, Germany, aged
61 years 1 month and 14 days.
HIRON— In this city. November 25. IS9S, Vic-
tor beloved husband of the late Henrietta
Hlron, and father of Mr*. Ml-hael Lacey.
Victor and Mary Hirnn and the late Mr?.
Walling, a native of France, aged 7S years
and 10 months.
(TT-The funeral will take place this day
(«sundav) at 8:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence 136 Silver street, thence to St. Rosps
Church where a solemn requiem mass will
bo celebrated for the repose of his .-.ml. com-
mencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
KELLY— In this city, November 26, IMS, Frank
Kelly, a native of County Kerry. Ireland,
agod 33 years. .
ir?' Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday), at 8:45 o'clock, from the umlertak-
nc parlors of Carew & English. 41 Van NeM
avenue thence to St. Paul's Church. Twenty-
ninth and Church streets, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of h!s soul, commencing at 9:30 o clock. In-
terment Holy Cross Cemetery.
L4.JUB— In this city, November 26. IS9B, Er-
nestine beloved wife of Marc Lajus. and
mother' of Lucien, Baptlste, i-.ucle. Maria
and Bertrand Ortet, a native of France, aged
67 yean 7 months and 9 days.
rr?* Friends and acquaintances are respect-
ful H invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Monday) at 2 o'clock, from her Into resi-
dence. 87 4 Montgomery street. Interment I.
O. O. F- Cemetery.
LEITHEAD— In this city. November 23, IS9R.
James McKay Leithead, a native of Mon-
treal Canada, aged 33 years 7 months and 20
days." Late purser of steamship City of Syd-
nlrn 1ry Friend* and acquaintances are Tespect-
fullv invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday) at 2:30 o'clock, from Kins Solo-
mon's Hall. Masonic Temple, under the aus-
pices of Occidental Lndgre No. 22. F. and A.
M. Remains will the sent East, for inter-
ment.
LEVY— In this city. November 25, 1898. Arlo
Lew beloved father of Abraham A. Levy. %
native of Samter, Prussia, aged 86 -.ears and
7 days. (New York papers please copy.)
CCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral services
this day (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, a.% B'nal
B'rlth Hall 121 Eddy street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:30 o'clock train
fn.m Third and Townsend streets.
LIPMAN— In this city. November 24, 1898, Mor-
ris beloved husband of Rosalie Lipman,
father of Lena, Samuel and George M. Lip-
man, and brother of Henry and Leopold Lip-
mßn Mrs J A. Alexander, Mrs. B. Hirsh-
Sfd Mrs M- H. Mark, and Mm. A. ErK
a native of Schneidemuhl. Prussia, aged o9
years 4 months and 16 days.
frTTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral servnes
this day (Sunday), at 10 o'clock, at his late
residence 1340 Ellis street. Interment Hills
of Eternity Cemetery, by 11:80 o'clock train
from Third' ar.d Towrisend streets.
CONGREGATION SHERITH ISRAEL— Offic-
ers and members of Congregation Sherith Is-
rael are hereby nntirlefl to attend the funeral
of Mr. Morris Llpman this day iSunrl&y). at
"~HENRY J. GALLAGHER CO.,
(Successors to Flanagan & Gallagher),
FUNERAL DIRECTORS AND EMBALMEIUL
20 Fifth St.. opposite Lincoln School.
Telephone South 80-
1314
10 o'clock, from his late residence. 1340 Ellis
street LOUIS BROWN. President.
ALEXANDER L. BADT. Secretary.
LOWRIE— In Deeoto, November 26. IS9S, Mrs.
Elizabeth Lowrie, mother of Mrs. Ezra De-
coto, R., W. J., P. G., J. M. and D. C.
Lowrie and the late Mrs. Ado'.phus Deooto.
(T7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Monday), at 1 o'clock, from the residence of
Ezra Deeoto.
LTONS— In this city, November 2.".. litS, Rich-
ard J . dearly beloved husband of Annie
Lyons, nnd lather of Mrs. W. T. Grubb, Mrs.
J. J. Kenny and Richard J. and Kittle (J.
Lynns, a native (;;' Charleston, Mass.. aged
E7 years and 7 months.
[U7"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the -uneral this day
*Sunday), from his late residence, 221 Broad-
vay, thence to St. Francis 1 hurch. where a
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the
repose of Bis soul, commencing at S;4i o'clock.
Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MADDEN —In this city. November 25, 1898.
Eleanor Merritt. dearly beloved wife of Wil-
liam M. Mndden. daughter of Charles M. and
Liisie J. Nichols, and lister of Charles C.
and Henry D. Nichols.
G^TFuneral services will be held to-morrow
•Monday), at 11 o'clock, at the Church of St.
Mary the Virgin, coiner of Union and Stelner
is Interment private,
MATTHEWS— In the City and County Hospi-
tal. November 25, IS9S. John Matthews, a na-
tive of Australia, aged 32 years.
MOOSER— In this city, November 25, 1898.
Alfredo J.. beloved son of Louis H. and
<luadalupe Mooser. a native of San Francisco.
RStd 7 months and 23 days.
ICTThe funeral will take place thia day
at 10 o'clock, from the residence of
his parents, 2103 Vallejo street. Interment
private.
MOSUER— In Dawson City. October 13. 1898,
Oeorge. dearly beloved husband of Ruse
Mosher, eon of Hurry and the late Sarah
Mosher. and brother of Kzra Mosher and
Mrs. Clara de Prlmm, a native of Michigan,
aged 39 years 11 months and 13 days. Mem-
ber cf Apollo Lodge No. 123, I. O. O. F.. San
Francisco.
MI'RPHY —In this city, November 2*. 1898,
Kachael A., beloved wife of the late William
Murphy, and mother of Charles F. Murphy, a
native Of England, aged 66 years 7 months
and 14 days.
XEVAMiKR-In this city, November 26, 1898,
s?fj hia, beloved wife of Alex Nevander. and
most dearly beloved mother of Bertha and
Aleck Nevander. a native of ? .nland. aged
65 years and 9 months.
OLIVER— In this city. November 24. IS9S. at
130 Steiner street, Mrs. Amanda Oliver, be-
I mother of Mrs. Charles F. Morgan and
Mrs. Clarence Warnock, a native of Aus-
tralia, aged 43 years.
(CTFuneral and interment private.
OWENS— In this city. November 25. ISI'S. Eliza-
beth, beloved daughter of Arthur D. and
Elizabeth Owens, a native of Sail Francisco,
a^ed E m< ntha and 17 days.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
{■: ,\ .itt'".-.i! the funeral to-morrow
CM inday), at ! o'clock, from the resident-- of
her parents. 3472 Eighteenth street, near Va-
lencia! interment Masonic Cemetery-
PETERS— In this city. November 22. 189S, Jur- ,
gen F. Peters, dearly beloved father of Mrs.
Pr. P H Maas and Ernst and John Peters,
a native of H<Mde, Holstein, Germany, aged
63 years 9 month? and 10 days. A member of
Freondschafdt Saengt-rbund.
£7 Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited t" attend the funeral this day :
• Sun. lay 1. k, from the parlors of
Gantner <V Guntz L'ndertaklng Company, 8
and 10 City Hall square. Interment I. O. O.
F. Cemetery.
PORTER— In Ocean View, November 25, lSi*S,
David, beloved husband or Ann Porter, and !
father of Mrs. George Aitchison, Mrs. David 1
Donald and David K. and Agnes K. Porter.
a nai rsbarracks Forfar, Scotland, 1
aged Co ears 3 months and 7 days.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect- ■
fully Invited to attend the funeral Tuesday.
Noverabei 29, at 3 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 143 Victoria street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
REIMER— In this city, November 25. 1898.
Julius, beloved husband of Nellie Reimer,
father ■ : Otto Kelmer, and brother of Fan-
Dle Reimer, n native of Germany, aged 49
years 4 months nnd 22 days.
C^Frienls and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 11 o'clock, from Masonic Temple,
corner Post and Montgomery streets, where
the cervices will be held, commencing at 11
o'clock sharp, under the auspices of Crockett ;
Lodge No. 139, F. and A. M.
S.\-. i\V— ln this city, November 24, IS9S, James, j
dearly beloved husband of Annie Snow. 1
father of John and Genevieve Snow, son of '
John Snow of Virginia City, brother of Mrs.
James Millett and John Snow Jr., and
brother-in-law of Emma and John Klunder,
a native of Virginia City, aged 34 years and
3 days.
CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late ■
residence. 222 Fair Oaks street, thence to St. J
James Church, corner Twenty-third and j
Guerrero streets, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of hia
soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
STAUFFER— In this city, November 24, 189S, j
John Rudolph, beloved husband of M^rle i
StaufTer. and father of Mrs. A. A. Brltton, j
Mrs. William Reid, Mrs. C. Johnson. Mrs. j
K. Rufflno and Tillie. Fred R and Arthur
W. Stauffer, a native of Switzerland, aged 75 j
years. I
SUTCLIFFE— In Galveston, Texas.. November ;
17, ISOS. Flora, wife of Edward Sutcllffe, for-
merly of San Francisco, and Eister of Mrs. j
E. F. Edwards and Miss May Kennedy of ;
Oakland, Mrs. Z. C. Marcy of San Francisco,
Mrs. R. M. Simpson of Los Angeles and Mrs. !
E. J. Margrle of Juneau, Alaska, a native of
California, aged 34 years and 9 months.
TEEPLE— In this city. November 25, IR9B,
George Morcan, beloved husband of Mary
Frances Teeple. and father of Percy, Jessie,
Mabel and Georgia Teeple, a native of In-
diana, asred 45 year? 4 months and 22 days.
TULLAR— In this city. November 22. IS9B,
Hubbard S.. beloved husband of Nellie S. j
Tullar. a native of Vermont, aged 67 years
4 months and 8 days.
(TT'Friends and acquaintances are respect- I
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day '
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the parlors of I
Charles J. B. Metzler. M?i Washington street,
then c to K. or P. mn. 909 Market street,
where the funeral services will be held, com-
mencing at 2 o'clock sharp, under the aus-
i.i.-es of Ivanhoe Lodge No. 5. K. of P. j
Sister lodges are invited. Interment Laurel j
Hill Cemetery. '„=
WALSH— In this city, November 24,' 1898. at her
residence. 124 Olive avenue, Ida M., beloved
wife of Joseph Walsh, and sister of Mrs. P.
Spadler, Mrs. A. Smith and Kittle and Ada
Higgins. a native of Buffalo, N. Y.
IC?"Frlend3 and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 9:15 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 124 Olive avenue, between Van Ness
avenue and Polk street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem high mass will
celebrated at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery.
WATERHOUSE— At the Big Dipper Mine,
lowa Hill. Placer County, Cal., November
25, ISM. Columbus, beloved husband of Amelia
A. Waterhouse, and father of Mrs. N. A.
Dome and Seymour and Edson W. A. Water-
house, a native of Vermont, aged 70 years 2
months and 20 days. . - • ■;■
ICTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this 'day
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, under th? auspices
of Mission Lodee No. 169, F. and A. M.. from
the Mission Masonic Temple. 2668 Mission
street. Interment Masonic Cemetery. ii% .
WHITE— In this city, November 23. 1898,
Jonathan Lloyd White, aged 48 years and C
months.
ICyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Sunday), at 1 o'clock, from the Masonic
Temple, corner Post and Montgomery streets,
under the auspices of Excelsior Lodge No. 166.
F. and A. M. Interment Masonic Cemetery.
WILLIAMS— In Napa. November 24. 18S8, Fred-
die, dearly beloved son of Mr. and Mrs. C. F.
Williams, aged 4 years 6 months and 24 days.
WOOD— In this city, November 26, 1898, Edna
Frances, beloved daughter of Francis and
Veronica Wood, a native of San Francisco,
aged 4 months and 13 days.
A CARD.
TO all friends who assisted at the obsequies
of my late husband. Captain A. Jaoob?en, I
beg to return my sincere and heartfelt
thanks. Their sympathy was a welcome ac-
knowledgment of the estimation In which
they regarded the character of a good man
and faithful husband.
MRS. ANTON JACOBSEN
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Nov. 26.— Exchanges, $212,114;
balances, $31,311.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Nov. 26.— Wheat unchanged;
Walla Walla, GOc; valley. COc: club, 63(g>64c.
WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, Nov. 26.— Wheat— Club. 60c; blue
stem, 63c.
WEATHER REPORT.
moth Meridian— Pacific Time.)
PAN FRANCISCO. Xov. 26, 5 p. m.
The following are the seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of same dute
last season, and rainfall in last 24 hours:
Past 24 This Last
Stations— Hours. Season. Eeason
Eureka 0.08 6.80 g 59
Red muff 0.00 1.53 4.18
Saoraim-nto 0.00 1.56 2.74
San Francisco 0.00 2.32 2.8.'.
Fresno 0.00 1.48 1.41
San Luis Oblspo 0.00 0.G6 (1.&3
L*M Angeles 0.00 0. 11 2.48
San Diego 0.00 0.21 1.09
Yuma 0.02 0.20 0.77
San Francisco data: Maximum temperature,
M; minimum, 46; mean. 60.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECAST.
An area of moderately high pressure is cen
tral in Idaho. A wt-11-marked depression ia
central north of Montana and another is cen
tral in the vicinity of Vancouver. Rain hag
fallen alonn the coast as far south as Point
Reyes an<l condition* aro favorable for scat
tered showers as far south in California as Han
Francisco. Quite general rain has fallen In
Forecast made at San Francisco for thirty
houre ending November 27, 1898:
Northern California— Partly cloudy Sunday,
with occasional light rain la northwest por
tiOn; fresh southwest wind. . *.-_._.
Southern California— Partly cloudy Sunday,
fresh, variable winds.
Nevada— Partly cloudy Sunday.
Utah— Partly cloudy Sunday.
ArWrma. p-irtlv cioudv Sunday.
SaTpStnrl^^and vlclnny-Generally cloudy
Sunday, probably with occasional light show
ers; fresh southwest wind. ™.Lj.
Special report from Mount Tamalpais-W md
northwest; foggy; maximum .temperature. 52:
_..___„» 45 W. H. HAMMON,
current. 4S. Forecast Official. _
! REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Estate of Gilbert Clements (by executor) to
Paul T Goodloe, lot on E une of \\ ebster
street 100 Sof Union. B 69 by E 137:6: $8000.
M A Horn to Louis Kriedlander. lot on S
line of Oak street, 100 W of baker, VV 33 by
Alexander W. and Rose Wilson to same,
J and Mary E. Rutledge to Samuel
W. Plercy undivided one-fifth interest In lot
on S line of P"lnt Lobos avenue, 50 W of Col
lins street. W 25 by S IZb; JSOO
Carol fne Cotton Martin to Theodocla Cook,
\"\V c irner of Mission and Third streets,
NE 57 •" by NW 10; also party wall on KE and
NW line of nald lot: 510. .
James D. and Margaret Byrnes, K. F. and
Mary A. FTGtpatrick, Charles C and Louisa
Ostwald to John B. Walters, lot on NE line of
Polsom avenue, lou KE of Foisom, SE 25 by NE
W* V and Marie L. Huntlngton to John H.
Wallace lot OH W line of Sixteenth avenue. 175
S of 13 street, S 4h:7, S 87 degrees 30 minutes,
W 120:Uj, N 47:2':;. E 120; $10.
Solomon an<l 1 u.ra Oetl to Jamei T. McLure,
lot on E lm.- of Ninth avenue. 160 N of N
street, N 37 :fi by B ISO; 110.
Mary E and James F. Burke to Robert R.
and A. G. Russ Jr., lots 4u3 and 405, Gift Map
I ?■ $100.
'Elerta E Oaswell to William McCall, lot on
W corner of Athens and Japan streets, S\V 150
by NW 100. lot 8, block 66, Excelsior Home
stead; $10. . „ |
Estate James O. Fair (by executors) to Te- !
resa Maglione, lot on S line of Cortland ave
nue S5-2V- W Of Andcver avenue. W 25 by S
112:6. lot 15, block 9, Fair subdivision Holly
; Charles' 1. and Frances P. J. Smith to Chris
i t-pher J. and Kathleen R. Haley, lot on N line
Of Fatrmount street, 90:3 W of Chenery. W 50
by N 125. lot 14. block U», Falrmnunt: $1150.
"William O. and Susie Burton Discho to Eu- I
gene \V Vest, lot on SE line of Vienna street,
676 NE of India avenue. NE 25 by SE 2i». lots |
11 and 66, block 88, Silver Heights, warranty
deed; 11200.
Mary and James Hughes to Andrew C. Doug- j
las lot on S line of Sadowa street. 300 W of ,
Plymouth, W 25 by S 125. lot 10, block D, Rail
road Homestead No. 2; $!0.
Sunnyslde Land Company and California
Title, Insurance and Trust Company to Augusta
Jacobeon, lot 22, block 20, Sunnyslde; $10.
M. P. McArdle (by R. I. Whelan. Sheriff) to
P Sermattel lot on S line of Sadowa street. ,
150 W of Plymouth, \V B0 by S 125; $184.
Robert Brown to Elizabeth H. I'pham, all ;
Interest in estate of Jemima Blenis; •
Alameda County.
Frank M. and Rose H. Wilson to C. B. Crane,
lot ft, block 16. Daley's Scenic Park Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Ella 6. i'ryal to Alexander B. Chappie.
I Thomas S. and George S. TaJlman, lot on bW
corner College avenue and Parker street. \\
159.44 by S 80, being lots 1 and 2, Map of Hllle
gass property, Berkeley; $1000.
Edward H. Warren to Sarah E. Warren, lot
I on NW line of Eighth avenue, 100 NE of East
I Seventeenth ntrt-et. NE BO by NW 100, block
j 97. Clinton, East Oakland; $1000. .
Charles S. Weston to J. West Martin, lot 10.
■ block F. West on Tract, Oakland Annex; grant. |
t A. E. Shaw and Elmhurst Land Company to ,
; Frank and Philomena Cornovale, lots £3 and 34, j
Elmhurst Park. Brooklyn Township; $400.
Pacific Land Investment Company to Ellen;
Roche (wife of John), lot 15. block 7. town of
Newark, Washington Township; $10.
Harriet S. and A. B. Taynton and Edward C.
Kemble to Frank E. Armstrong, lot on Y\ line
of Louiea street. 174 N of Berkeley way. N f0 .
by W 134.65, being lot 35, Twitchell Tract, ,
Berkeley; $10.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
NEW WESTERN* HOTEL.
TV Hayward, L Ang L Anderson, Manila
T riant-" S Jose C H CobCt Manila
C Scott Sacto P Welle. Manila
Q Anderson L Ang ,C M Reed. Manila
P McDonald. Manila F Shlpman, Manila
J Gained, Manila H C Soles. Manila
J Walker Manila D S Scranton. Manila I
F P Smith, Manila J Rivergelt. Manila
A F Chandler. Manila P McFarland. Manila
A Whaley, Manila 'R Sheet. Manila
N Braun. Manila !L! L R Flint. Sta Cruz
PALACE HOTEL.
W B Greenlee. Chicago T E Gibbon. L An*
F Barbour. Palo Alto F Cornellson. Chicago
F S Fish, Palo Alto A Yarrlngton. Redlds i
C E Bennett. Dayton Mrs Yarrlngton, Redid
D Mason. London T H Land. Boston .
E Weisbaum, Hanford C M Sj.lance, Piteburg i
J G O1O 1 Bryan, Denver N C Brooks, Phlla
Mrs O' Bryan, Denver J L Tualey. Redwood '
Ida Forrd .Chicago (Mr Frazer &w, Melbrn
W W Allen. Pueblo iJ F Caldwell, N V
Mrs R E Allen, Pueblo :B Johnston, Chicago
Mrs H March. N V : Mrs F H Buck St. c.
Miss Julia Bush, N Yl Vacavllle
A March. N* V IJ Krutschnltt, Bur-
H P Leland, Palo Alto lingame
W McGuirt Paio Alto C R Orguea. San Jose
Mrs Henderson, TruckeL Moore. Cinn
Q Edwards, Palo Alto jO F Long&w, \: S A
G B Potter, Spokane ! J Kappler &w, Carson
T - I'..n khouse. Peking I W V Shaw, Louisville 1
Lieut Backhouse. Engl W H Barnes, Ventura
C S Tugazze, Cinn J J Delvey, U S N
F W Teeple, Chicago
GRAND HOTEL.
C Jacobson, Redding ,E M Thompson, Reno
A Jensen. Nevada F M Temple, San Jo.se |
A Thornton. New Hope H B Martin, San Jose i
A X Thornton w, t'tah H Saunders. San Jose
A G Oage. San Mateo S Ashley. San Jose
L G Uarnsey. S Mateo T C Perrln. San Jose
R B I rane, Ukiah j J A Benham, Fresno
W Thaxter, Ca.l J D Miner, San Jose
W B Stanford, Cal :F E Coykendall. S Jose
E H d'Oyly. Kan Jose J L Mulholland. Sltka
A 8 Shaw, Berryessa H Hamilton. Oakland
T D Carneal, Sulsun J G Black, Woodland
.1 T Belahaw, Antioch F Russ, Stanford
J W de Witt, Antioch C Hughes, Stanford
F Wheeler, Stanford IJ Emmerllng & w, Pa
X H Knepper, StanfrdjE F Talcum. La Ang
M Carter, Irvlngton A R Yerington, Cal
MiM X Hubbs. Denver H E Fredrickson, Neb
J Bennett. New York W J Briggs & w. N V
J Carter, Canada L G Spltzer, San Jose
E V Boothe, Belmont C G Raub, Sutter
EG de Ry, Portland W T Ralner &; w. Cal
Mn> H Hopkins, Sacto R J McKenny, Manila
F E Wright, Facto R J Gurdan, Manila
C E Trainer. Sacto Mif-s M J Duffy. N J
8 Butler, Grass Valley J M Groves, Manila
Dr A A Finch, Astoria H E Irish, Sta Cruz
F M Stamfel S Cruz Lt E S Paxon, Manila
L W Mahoney, Saoto Mrs G Greene, Fresno
Mrs Q V Taylor, Cal Miss Ward, Fresno
Mrs Hoffman, Cal C B Bills, San Joae
Miss Baldwin, « al H Jones, Napa
Mrs J L Dutton, <"al C W Morton, Sacto
Mrs H Cushlng, Cal F R Remeli, Sacto
S H Rice & w. Ukiah E C Hart. Sacto
Mrs c MeMnlUn, Cal R L Crane, Ukiah
W Risrby, San Jo?p J F More. Cal
I W Connolly, U S N W B Stanford. Cal
Mrs E J Flint. Sacto jit W Magee, Cal
lira .1 F Hughes. Petalß Meyer. Sta Rosa
J F Clapp, Sn Andreas C W Oarraril, Antfels
Mlsa N Campbell. Cal W D Khaughnessy. <'al
R A Albert, Sacto H J Schroder, Stanford
X i'.lalr. cal
LATE SHIPPING lOTBIJtIGEMCB.
ARRIVED.
Saturday. November 26.
Aus stmr Burma, Mlkullclch, 92 hours from
Nanalmo. „„ . .
Stmr Ciqullle River, Johnson, 18 hours from
Stmr Chllkat. Anderson, 26 hours from Eu-
r *sAir Reliance, Etelnbom, 24 hours from Fisks
SAILED.
Saturday, November S6.
Stmr Newsboy. Ellefsen, Usal.
Stmr Mackinaw. Llttlefleld, Tacoma.
Btmr Point Arena. Hansen, Point Arena.
"Whal bark Ch*« W M"'«^an, Scullom, whaling
V °Scrfr e 'Melancthon, Bellesen, Coos Bay.
Echr J ErplnKer, Johnson.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS. Nov 26—10 p. m.— Weather,
cloudy; wind. 8w; velocity, 8 miles.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
VENTURA— SaiIed Nov 26— Stm Geo Loomia,
fO GR i n YH r H n A C RnOR-Sailed Nov 28-Schr John
F Miller, for San Francisco; achr Maggie C
R pORT°GAM n HLE I -Arrived Nov 26-Schr Okan-
OB San>d rO Nov 26^-Chli ship Star of Italy, for
Australia- schr Joseph Russ. for San Francisco.
POINT REYES— Passed Nov 26— Stmr Pasa
dena 'from Eureka, for San Pedro; Aus stmr
Burma, from Nanalmo. for San Francisco.
POINT ARENA— Arrived Nov 26— Schr Net
tle Sundborg. from Fish Rock.
COOS BAY— Bar bound Nov 26— Stmr Arcata,
for Ban Francisco.
SEATTLE— SaiIed Nov 25— Stmr Dora, for
EUREKA-rSalled Nov 26— Stmr Sunol, for
a pORT LUDLOW— Arrived Nov 26— Chil ship
Star of Italy, from Port Blakeley.
TILLAMOOK— Arrived Nov 26— Stmr Ruth,
hence Nov 21.
SEATTLE — Sailed Nov 2* — Stmr Leelanaw,
for Bar. Frrinclsco.
ASTORlA— Arrived Nov 25— Stmr Alliance,
from Eureka. >ov 26— Stmr Columbia, hence
Nov 24.
Bailed Nov 26— Stmr George W Eider, for San
Francisco.
VENTURA— Arrived Nov 26— Stm Geo Loomls
hence Nov 25.
GRAYS HARBOR— Sailed Nov 26— Stmr Sig
nal, for Noralmo.
FOREIGN PORTS.
AMOY — To sail Nov 27— Schr W F Wltze
man, for Pviget Sound.
TRANSATLANTIC STEAMERS.
GIBRALTAR— BaIIed Nov 26— Stmr Auguste
Victoria, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed Nov 26— Stmr Weimar,
for New York. •
HAVRE— "ailed Nov 26— Stmr La Gascogne.
for New York.
LIVERPOOIy— SaiIed Nov 26— Stmr Cartha
genian. for Philadelphia; stmr Campania, for
New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed Nov 26— 8tmr State of Ne
braska, for Gln»'"-w.
SOUTHAMPTON— BaIIed Nov 26— Stmr 8t
Louis, for New York.
ANTWFRP-Balled Nor 21— Stmr Aragonla,
for Philadelphia.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
CLINTON SAYS
HE WAS WRONGED
Makes a Reply to Father
Yorke's Speech.
A REVIEW OF THE SAILORS'
HOME CONTROVERSY.
Attributes His Defeat to Prejudice Created
Aganst Him by the Speeoh Made
at Oakland.
•— ■ ■
On learning the day before the recent
election that the Rev. Peter C. Torke
intended leaving the city on the follow
ing day, 1 caused to be submitted to
him the following affidavits, and trans
cripts from official records, refuting the
charges he had made against me in his
recent Oakland speech and pamphlet,
which he had distributed all over the
city on the eve of the election, and re
questing him to retract said charges,
otherwise I would be compelled, in de
fense of my good name, to publish
them.
' Father Yorke read the papers and
thereupon positively refused to make
any retraction. I took the precaution
to "thus give him fair warning of my
Intention to publish the papers, so that
he could not charge me with making a
-cowardly attack" on him during his
absence. Although already in posses
sion of this evidence, I deliberately de
clined to use it in support of my can
didacy during the closing week of the
campaign, for the reason that my de
sire for re-election to the office of Su
pervisor was subservient to my deter
mination to protect and vindicate my
good name in the community, and be
cause I well knew that owing to the
prejudice created against me by Father
Yorke I would not receive the calm and
unbiased judgment, which at the pres
ent time— the excitement of the elec- i
tion having subsided— l confidently
hope to receive from my fellow-citizens.
In his pamphlet Father Yorke says:
"When the question (Sailors' Home)
was first before the board Dr. Clinton
was reported as having made a motion
to give the home to the old sectarian
society. ' *
This is erroneous. My first official
act regarding the matter was taken at
the meetintr of the board last February,
when I offered the following resolu
tions:
"Whereas, There are two applications
for a lease of the building formerly
used as the United States Marine Hos
pital for the purpose of conducting and
maintaining a 'Sailors' Home'; and
"Whereas, It appears that the La
dies' Seamen's Friend Society have
heretofore conducted and maintained a
sailors' home in the said building under
a lease from the city and county; and
"Whereas, It is desirable that such
an institution, as well as all other pub
lic institutions, should be conducted on
non-sectarian principles so that their
usefulness may be extended and not re
stricted or abridged; therefore
"Resolved, That full power and au
thority is hereby conferred upon his
Honor, the Mayor, to make, execute
and deliver a lease of this property for
a term of two (2) years for the purpose
of a 'Sailors' Home' to such corpora
tions who may be organized for the
purpose of conducting a home for Bail
ors on non-sectarian principles, and to
make such conditions as may be con
ducive to conducting such home in the
manner and for the purposes as herein
set forth. (Signed) C. A. CLINTON."
"February 7, 1898."
The resolution was not adopted. It
was an earnest though futile effort on
my part to settle amicably the whol«
question and thus save our city from
the infliction of another religious
wordy war, which should be avoided, if
possible, by all good citizens.
The pamphlet readß:
CLINTON'S COWARDICE.
"As soon as Dr. Clinton thought I
was helpless and could not answer he
comes forward with an attack on me
in the shape of a letter, supposedly
written by the sectarian society."
Now, in the first place, I was not
aware of Father Yorke's illness. In
the second, 1 was not the author of the
letter In question. In the third, cow
ardice is not a factor in my make-up.
In refutation. of the charge that I was
the author of the letter, or that I had
inspired it, I submit the following:
"To Whom It May Concern: This is
to affirm— upon oath, if necessary— that
the article of explanation in reference
to the history and present condition of
the Sailors' Home, which recently ap
peared in the leading city dailies, was
written by the request of the board of
managers and trustees of the Sailors'
Home for three specific reasons:
"First — To Inform our right-minded
citizens concerning the history of an as
sociation which for forty years had
held its ground and numbered among
its managers some of the most reliable !
and philanthropic people in the State.
"Second — To refute incorrect state
ments concerning Its management, to
which publicity had been given through
the press.
"Third — To publicly express our
gratitude to those Supervisors who had !
nobly battled for our rights, some
of whom we know * having suffered
much abuse and defamation through
their efforts in our behalf.
"(Signed)
"MRS. NELLIE BLESSING EYSTER,
"Treasurer of Ladies' Seamen's Re
lief Society.
"November 1, 1898."
Father Yorke In his lecture says:
"In regard to his protestations of in
dependence, Dr. Clinton bears the same
relation to J. F. English that Delany,
for instance, bears to Ralney. J. F.
English made Dr. Clinton and put him
in politics, and Dr. Clinton worships
his maker. J. F. English is in the com
mission business and sells potatoes and
onions and such things. Up to a few
months ago — voting that I have
spoken of took place In the summer
time — on the Ist of September I
learned from Larzelere & Co. of 320
Davis street that up to a few months
before that time they had supplied po
tatoes and onions to the Sailors' Home.
At that date the superintendent of the
Sailors' Home began to drive up to the
warehouse of Dr. Clinton's friend and
get his onions and his potatoes for the
institution.
. . "Of course one . good turn deserves
another, and it is :an Instructive 11 and
edifying fact that the vote of Dr.
Clinton should be rewarded by patron
age for Dr. Clinton's friend, and so the
Honorable 'Potato' Clinton r was not
able to give a reason why he had voted
to turn over the Sailors' Home to a
sectarian society,; but preferred to re
main silent in the absence of any rea
son." -V •
I am and have been for many years
Mr. English's family physician, and if
I had followed his advice I would never
have accepted public office.
With regard to Father Yorke's insin
uation—which, if true, would ibe In
famous—that I had bartered my vote
in order to gain the patronage of the
Sailors' Home for Mr. English, I sub
mit the following affidavits":
,"S AN FRANCISCO. Nov. 1, 1898.
"Hon. Charles A. Clinton, Howard and
.Twenty-first streets. City. ..-.,:...*. ;
'f. "Dear Sir : i : Referring . to ; certain
newspaper articles published to-day, in
which my name is mentioned in con
nection with the furnishing of a por
tion of the supplies in which I deal to
I the Sailors' Home in this city, permit
I me to say that I have sold goods in my
j line to the Sailors' Home, in greater or
i less quantities, for over twenty years
past, commencing with Superintendent
Swannack, then Superintendent
I Fletcher, and latterly under the admin
istration of Captain M. Staples, who
has been there, I think, for some seven
years. I have had a very small propor
tion of the trade, and more particularly
lately. 1 find from my books that my
supplies to the Sailors' Home for the
current year — that is to say, for the
last ten months— aggregate $111 96,
making the average sales to them $11
per month. Where they purchased the
remainder of their goods I do not
know — neither do I care. Their trade
with me is so insignificant that it is
not worth mentioning. Yours truly,
"(Signed), JOHN F. ENGLISH,
"Subscribed and sworn to before me
this Ist day of November, 1898.
"N. E. W. SMITH, Notary Public In
and for the city and county of San
Francisco, State of California."
"SAN FRANCISCO, Nov. 1, 1898.
"Charles A. Clinton, M.D., City— Dear
Sir: I note an article in to-day's Call
and Examiner referring to my dealing
in supplies for the Sailors' Home with
certain parties in this cit , specifying
particularly purchasing of potatoes, on
ions, etc., from Mr. JohnF. English. And
this ls to say, that I am bound to no
one in my purchases. I have always and
I do now and propose to continue to buy
where I can do so to best advantage.
My purchases from Mr. English have
been but a very smair portion of the
goods in this line that I have occasion
to use.
"Allow me to say that you have never
in any manner, directly or indirectly,
suggested any person from whom or
place at which 1 should transact any
business of any kind whatsoever. Re
spectfully,
'Signed) MELVIN STAPLES.
"Superintendent Sailors' Home.
"Subscribed and sworn to before me
this Ist day of November, IS9B.
"N. E. W. SMITH,
"Notary Public in and for the City and
County of San Francisco, State of
California."
SAN FRANCISCO, Nov, 1, 1898.
"Hon. Charles A. Clinton, Twenty-first
and Howard Streets, City — Dear Sir:
Referring to the statement in the morn
ing papers of to-day, I will state in all
due Justice to the parties concerned
that 1 have not had businees with the
Sailors' Home for at least the last live
or six years, and have not discussed
the matter relative to Mr. John F. Eng
lish in any way or shape or at any time.
"I make this statement with all due
justice to yourself, as there seems to
have been some misstatements In this
instance. Very respectfully,
"(Signed) W. R. LARZELERE.
"3-0 Davis Street, San Francisco."
Father Yorke, in a letter in The Call
of the 2d inst. says:
"But the Mayor's innocence did not
exculpate Clinton and Dodge and Lack
mann. The Mayor's innocence in the
matter of the lease (Sailors' Home) did
not assoil them for their treachery in
voting for Chris Reis, the Indorsee of
the A. P. A."
Regarding this charge of the rev
erend gentleman I have only to say as
a matter of fact that I was not present
at the meeting of the Board of Super
visors at which Mr. Christian Reis was
elected treasurer, as the following cer
tified copy of the minutes proves:
"Copy of the minutes of the Board of
Supervisors of the city and county of
San Francisco, Book 'A,' No. 60, page
No. 159, at Its meeting held on April 23,
1898:
"Board of Supervisors, San Francisco,
"April 23, 18S>8.
" Saturday forenoon.
"The Board of Supervisors met pur
suant to adjournment to fill the va
cancy in the office of Treasurer of the
city and county, caused ty the resig
nation of A. C. Widber.
"Present— Supervisors Devany, Has
kins, Sheehan, Dodge, Lackmann, Mor
ton, iiritt, Smith and Rivers.
"His Honor Mayor Phelan presiding.
"The chair stated that it was in or
der to proceed to vote to fill the va
cancy in the office of Treasurer of the
city and county, nnd directed the clerk
to call the roll— the nominations being
made being Henry S. Martin and Chris
tian Reis. ,
"The roll being called, Christian Reis
received the votes of Supervisors De
vany, Haßkine, Sheehan, Dodge, Brltt
and Rivera— 6. and Henry S. Martin
received the votes of Supervisors Lack
mann, Morton and Smith— 3.
"There being no appointment.
"Discussed by Sup rvlsors Lackmann
and Smith.
"The roll was again called and Chris
tian Reis received the votes of Super
visors Devany, Hasklns, Sheehan,
Dodge, Lackmann. Britt and Rivers— 7.
"Henry S. Martin received the votes
of Supervisors Morton and Smith— 2.
"Thereupon, on motion of Supervisor
Morton, the appointment of Christian
Rf-is was made unanimous.
"The chair then declared Christian
Ries duly appointed Treasurer of this
city and county to rill the existing va
cancy, having received the unanimous
vote of the board.
"On motion the board adjourned to
meet on Monday afternoon, April 25.
1898. at 2 o'clock.
"JNO. A. RUSSELL. Clerk."
Father Yorke in his pamphlet dealing
with the action of the Board of Super
visors in re-leasing the Sailors' Home
to the Ladies' Seamen's Friend Society
"In the Monitor I called the attention
of the peopie to this monstrous wrong.
Among the members guilty I mentioned
Dr Clinton and he replied not by prov
ing that his vote was right, but by
saying that I was a liar."
Simply because I voted on the Sailors
Home question according to the dic
tate* of my conscience the reverend
gentleman jumped upon me with both
feet. He "mentioned" me by holding
me up to public scorn and obloquy. He
denounced me as "a vociferous re
former whose protestations of philan
thropy, of purity, of principle and of
common veracity the public should dis
count." That 1 had "cast aside even
the pretense of decency." He stigma
tized me as "a Judas who had betrayed
the sacred cause of religious liberty,"
and by innuendo he charged me with
having sold my vote.
Conscious of not having done any
wrong, and naturally indignant at the
unjust attack on my good name, I re
plied that the "Monitor's article, in so
far aa it touched me, was false, and x
hereby pronounce as equally false thfc
allegation Hiat I used the word 'liar 1
in my communication."
Continuing Father Yorke says:
"Dr. Clinton, with his eyes open,
voted that Catholics were not entitled
in this town to equal rights with Pro
testants. To this Dr. Clinton made no
answer. He did not dare to give the
reason he voted for the Apaist outfit of
the Sailors' Home."
This charge I brand as absolutely and
unequivocally false, as I will presently
prove.
I have already shown how I endeav
ored to secure for the Home an abso
lutely non-sectarian board of directors,
and having failed in this. I then turned
my attention to the management of
the Home, which up to this time I had
not had the opportunity to fully in
vestigate.
I instituted a thorough and conscien
tious investigation of the institution, its
officers, inmates, library, accounts, rec
ords, etc., and found that the state
ments contained in the communication
of the board of managers of the Sailors'
Horne — to which I have already re
ferred—were, as far as I could ascer
tain, true, and were substantially as
follows:
Forty years ago a band of teroted
women, chiefly the wives and mother*
of sailors, after many years of hard
work, accumulated $30,000 for the pur
pose of providing a home for sailors in
our port, free from the influence of the
saloons and kindred temptations. The
old Marine Hospital having been con
demned and abandoned and fallen into
decay, these ladies petitioned Congress
for its use in order to enable them to
carry on their humane and disinter
ested work for the sailors. Their prayer
was granted and the lease of the oia
hospital was placed in the city, for^tne
only reason that the city was a PP r "
manency, while the society might aie
out and the lease consequently lapse.
I do not believe that It was ever con
templated that the city should manage
the home, or that it should be con
sidered either a State or national In
stitution. And further, I believe that
if the city had been required as a con
ditiun of the lease to spend any money
to make the old building tenantable it
wouid not have been accepted.
The Ladies' Seamen's Friend Society
secured the franchise and spent their
hard-earned $30,000 in necessary per
manent improvements in order to make
the home habitable.
The home is not in the full sense of
the word a charitable institution. Board
and lodging is $5 a week to those who
\ are able to pay but no poor and worthy
sailor has ever been turned away from
its door on account of his poverty. In
this way many bad debts are con
tracted, as my examination of the
books revealed.
When a seaman is sick he la cared for
at the society's expense, a doctor is
provided and medicine supplied, and n
he dies he Is burled also at the so
ciety's expense.
No Inquiry into the denomination of
the sailor's religious belief is ever
made. Any minister, Catholic, Pro
testant or Jewish, is at liberty to hold
services in the chapel of the home.
Absolute liberty of conscience is given
to every inmate, and when sick each
I is permitted to call to his bedside any
religious teacher whom he may desire.
I found absolutely nothing in the li
brary, including the periodicals, etc., to
justify the charge made by Father
Yorke that "The vile publications of
the bigots, the obscene weeklies pro
duced by Jailbirds were supplied lavish
ly to the sailors." In a word, I found
the home, as stated by Mayor Phelan
after he~had thoroughly investigated
it, conducted in a business-like and
proper manner.
The society, however, was composed
exclusively of Protestants; a Protestant
chaplain was employed and religious
services were held for those inmates
of the home who wished to attend
them. At the instance of Mayor Phe
lan these sectarian features were elim
inated. Services by the chaplain were
discontinued and Catholic ladies were
elected as members of the board of di
rectors. These concessions, the Mayor
assured me, were perfectly satisfactory
to Father Yorke, and Supervisor Rot
tanzi informed me that he had sub
mitted the terms of the proposed lease
to the Rev. Father^Mulligan^segretary
to the Archbishop, and that they weit
: ! y sat isfactory to him.
Considering all the circumstances, as
a conscientious public servant, I came
to the deliberate conclusion that if the
Board of Supervisors should take the
home away from those humane and
philanthropic women, who had spent
the best years of their lives in perfect
ing it, and had expended upward of
$60,000 in keeping up the Improvements,
and hand it over to another society
which had made application for it, and
which society was without experience
in the management of such a difficult
business and had done nothing what
ever in creating it, the act, to my mind,
would be nothing less than a species of
robbery; the Board would be fairly
open to the charge of bigotry and every
fair-minded man and woman in the
community would be justly arrayed
against them.
These were the just considerations
which moved me to support Supervisor
Lackmann's motion — not my motion, as
claimed by Father Yorke— to renew
thelease to the Ladies' Seamen's Relief
Society, and I so stated them before
voting, although Father Yorke has re
peatedly asserted that "I did not dare
to tell the reason for my vote/* For
instance, In~h!s Oakland speech the
Rev. Father says:
"I had to leave the city during the
time the convention was going on, but
I left word at the Monitor office that
any kind of a letter at all that he might
send should be printed and put before
the public to set him right with his own
people. Dr. Clinton refused to give any
explanation if his vote. Dr. Clinton did
not dare to tell the reason why he had
voted to turn over municipal property
to a sectarian institution."
I did not consider it necessary to
•write "any kind of a letter at all" to
Father Yorke in the further explana
tion of my vote. My course in the mat
ter was fully understood by the reading
public— it was plain and above board,
and I had nothing to explain to the
reverend gentleman, my "own people"
or any one else.
Of those voting for the motion seven
were co-religionists of Father Yorke,
and their act was ratified by the Mayor,
himself of the same faith. Now, I do
not believe there is a man or woman
in this whole city so narrow-minded,
so unreasonable as to believe for a mo
ment that these eight men were as
Father Yorke charges, "Judases who
betrayed the sacred cause of religious
liberty by voting: to deliver the poor
Catholic sailors to a bigoted sectarian
society."
The sacred principles of civil and re
ligious liberty are as dear to me as
they are to Father Yorke, and I yield
to no. one in my respect and love for
the constitution of our common coun
try, which guarantees to every citizen
equal civil and religious rights. I love
fair play with the same intensity of
feeling that I hate injustice.
When Apaism was rampant in this
city a few years ago I was among the
very first to publicly denounce it. With
voice, pen and purse, as far as my lim
ited means permitted, I fought it; and
Father Yorke in his glorious and suc
cessful battle against it had no more
earnest supporter than I.
My whole life has been a protest
against bigotry. When scarcely out of
my boyhood, in the land of my birth,
I did not hesitate when called upon to
obey the call of duty and prove my
devotion to the eternal principles of
civil and religious liberty.
In conclusion, I submit that the fore
going affidavits and transcripts from
official records completely refute the
charges fulminated against me by the
Rev. Father Yorke.
To the prejudice he created against
me during the closing days of the late
campaign I frankly attribute my de
feat at the polls.
The reverend gentleman proved him
self a chivalrous enemy.
He accomplished his purpose, and I
would not, If I could, deny him the
gratification which he undoubtedly
feels at the result.
His charges, although susceptible of
refutation, were to him "a ood enough
Morgan" during the few days of popu
lar excitement immediately preceding
the election, but, so far as I am con
cerned, the episode is now ended.
The fact that upward of 23,000 of my
fellow citizens refused to bejieve the
allegations of Father Yorke is sufficient
vindication of my course as a public
servant. That this army of freemen
upheld by their suffrages the principle
which was involved in my candidacy is
adequate satisfaction to me aa I retire
to the enjoyment of private life.
I did not receive justice from Father
Yorke.
I confidently look for It In the
opinion* of my fallow citliens, without
regard tQ creed or party, wh«n they
shall have calmly considered the facts
which I lay before them.
My career in San Francisco for the
past twenty-seven years is an open
book. In public as well as in private
life I was honored with the confidence
and good will of the people long be
fore the Rev. Father Yorke set foot in
California.
I have done m v best to prove worthy
of their confidence and good will. I
deeply deplore the course pursued by
the Rev. Peter C. Yorke since his entry
j into the arena of politics In California,
and I earnestly hope that the reverend
gentleman may never again perpetrate
I aerainst any of his fellow citizens an
I injustice such as he has inflicted upon
the motives and good name of — Yours
very truly. C. A. CLINTON. ♦
RAZING OF THE
HOTEL RUINS
AGAIN DELAYED
Baldwin Wanted Fur
niture Removed.
•
WRECKING RESUMED TO-DAY
BIG CROWDS WATCH WORKMEN
IN PERILOUS PLACES.
Traffic on Market Street Repeatedly
Interrupted — Police Had a Hard
Job Keeping the Crowd
Out of Danger.
An unusually large Saturday afternoon
crowd thronged Market street yesterday,
and gave the police a deal of trouble in
the neighborhood of the Baldwin Hotel
.ruins.
A large force of officers was on duty keep
ing people outside the danger line around
the tottering walls. In hundreds of cases
warnings were unheeded, and the officers
were compelled to lay hands on men and
women alike to get them on to the farther
sidewalk and keep them moving. Crowds
of idlers stood all day in front of the
Emporium, gazing at the wrecked hotel
and keeping close watch on every move
ment in and about the buildings. The
center of interest was in front of the
theater, where Mays- wrecking gang was
attempting to finish the, demolition so
nearly completed by fire.
Only a small portion of the dangerous
walls was pulled down. During the fore
noon the wreckers worked hard on the
Market street side, but they did not ac
complish much, owing to the Inadequacy
of their machinery. The heavy cable
which was attached to the iron girders
broke repeatedly when the windlass was
turned and the strain became great.
Early in the morning George Renworth
and William Mays, the intrepid climbers,
went up the Insecure lire escape, over the
loosened cornice and attached the cable
to the unsupported chimney, which sways
back and forth with every breeze. Mer
chants, clerks and laborers on their way
to work stopped to gaze at the two men
at their perilous vocation, and when a
brick or piece of charred timber came
crashing to the ground the spectators ex
pected to see the two men toppled over
into the debris five stories beneath. The
workmen paid no attention to these things
or to the crowd below. Familiarity with
danger had deadened whatever fear they
may have had, and they proceeded with
their work with the utmost unconcern.
When the line was made fast to the
chimney Renworth and Mays descended
and half a doz£n men began winding at
the '"crab." A turn or two and tho
slack was all taken up. Then the specta
tors became intensely interested. All
traffic was stopped on Market street, and
the police forced the curious crowd be
yond the danger line. The men at the
capstan were soon pushing the long han
dle bar with all their might, the ropes
tightened and the chimney began to bend
inward. Anather turn and the pile of
brick and iron seemed about to topple
over, when the cable snapped with a loud
crack. The crab Jumped from its moor
ings and the men were thrown on their
faces. The chimney swung back to its
original position and for a moment looked
as though it would fall outward. Several
subsequent attempts to demolish the
chimney were made, but the cable would
not stand the strain, so operations were
transferred to another section of the wall.
The climbers again ascended to the
top, this*time to a more dangerous posi
tion than the first, and tied the cable to
the iron girder on the fifth floor. This time
the efforts of the wreckers were success
ful, and after a hard pull an immense
section of the overhanging debris tum
bled within the walls with a rumble and
a roar which could be heard blocks away.
A cloud of dust enshrouded the ruins for
a few moments and prevented further
operations until it had settled.
The end of the cable was again car
ried to the fourth floor and wound around
another girder, but at this juncture
"Lucky" Baldwin ordered the wreckers
to cease work until considerable furni
ture of little value had been removed
from the rooms which were only partially
burned. The remainder of the day was
consumed in lowering sofas, tables,
pianos, wardrobes, etc., to the ground.
To-day the work of pulling down the
walls will be resumed.
No search for bodies of victims of tne
fire trap can be made for several days as
the wreckers will not have the dangerous
wall down before Tuesday or Wednesday
When the searchers for the dead do begin
removing the debris they cannot reach
the bodies for another week, as the walls
are to be entirely razed, which will inter
fere with digging hi the ruins.
Madison & Burke have asked for bids
for wrecking what remains of the hotel
but they have nothing to say about the
probable erection of a new hotel. It is
reported that the Hibernia Bank will, in
order to protect its large mortgages on
Baldwin's property, advance him the nec
essary funds to rebuild. Another rumor
is that several wealthy men and a cor-,
poratlon or two are very anxious to buy
the property and have opened negotiations
with Baldwin.
Apprehension regarding the number of
dead who lie buried in the blackened mass
of debris increases from hour to hour.
Persistent rumors that several well
known people are missing and that their
families believe they perished in the
flames continue to circulate. Attempts
to verify these reports are being made,
but the Interested relatives swear that
the absent members of the family are out
of town, adding that no information re«
garding their whereabouts can be gtrao.
There is now no doubt that the last body
taken from the debris is that of Tate
Pryor. A telegram from Mrs. Pryor, giv
ing a detailed description of her husbands
teeth, which corresponds with the teeth
in the remains at the Morgue, establishes
a complete identification.
Park Music To-Day.
March, "Cortege Nuptlale," from "Romeo
and Juliet" ..Gounod
Overture, "Hans HetlinsT Marehner
Scenes from "Maritana" Wallace
Descriptive "A Musician Astray in the
p ar jc Herman
"Rhapsodies' No." j" V^"i Lls *i
Selection from "Lucia" ........Donizetti
Trombon* solo, fantasia, "The Gypsy s
Warn pfrformed 'by 'W.h! ' Col vert! "\\
Dance. "The Hours."
Humorist ic. "The Arkansas Traveler" . ..Reeves
March E - E - Scnml «
_ ■»-♦ »
Advances made on furniture and pianos, with
or without removal. J. Noonan. 1017-1023 Mlsaion.
Presentation Banquet.
At a banquet of the officers of the Fifth
Infantry Regiment, Second Brigade, N.
G C. in the California Hotel last even'ng
Colonel D. B. Fairbanks was presented
■with an appropriately Inscribed and very
elaborate fob chain, the design of Major
J. H. Hendee. Its reverse side bore the
national and regimental colors, the regi
mental number above crossed guns and
a large diamond, the entire fob oeing sur- "»
mounted by a golden bird of froeclom
I Among those present wore: oenorai W.
H. Warfleld. Colonels Fairbanks ar.d
I Giesting, Majors Whitton, Dunn, JilUard,
Dorn, Hayes and Hendel: Captains I art
ridge. Haven. Poulter. Wenk. Bush and
Rottanzi; Lieutenants Smith, Heller, iior
| lini, Stockdale and Beam.
— ~ *
I A Miraculous Escape.
Among: the losers in the Baldwin Ho
tel fire was the Baldwin Jewelry Com
pany. However, their patrons will not
lose a cent, because all the valuable
stock and papers were saved. Through
the energy and enterprise of the mana
gers, aided by the efficient Fire Dis
patch Association, in which organiza
tion the company has very wisely kept
up membership ever since their incor
poration, on August 1, 1896, all .the
movable effects were removed to and
new headquarters opened up across the
street in the Parrott building, room
408. This was all done lon~ before day
light, while the fire was still burning
fiercely, and the work was attended
with no small amount of danger from
falling timbers, hot ashes and cinders.
Besides the protection of the Fire
Dispatch and Bursrlar Alarm compa
nies, as a further precaution against
losses to their patrons by fire and store
breakers the directors of the jewelry
company have always adhered rigidly
to the rule of placing all articles valued
above $50 every night in a public safe
deposit vault. All other articles of
j value were kept in a tested fireproof
safe, so that, save for a slight wetting,
everything besides the store furniture
is now in good shape in their tempora«p
! office in the Parrott building. 7
New and larger quarters are now be
ing fitted up and will be ready for oc
cupancy in a few days at 84R Market
street, just a block below the old store.*
Law Suits by the Hundred.
Three hundred and forty-ttffc suits,
against as many citizens, were filed yes
terday by the city and county to recover
j moneys alleged to bf> due for delinquent
i taxes. The alleged delinquent taxes are
upon personal property secured by real
estate and represent sums from 3S cents
up to $400.
To Foreclose a Big Mortgage.
The Hibernia Savings and Loan Society
filed suit yesterday against George O.
Davis and others to foreclose a mortpasa
' of $42,250 on two lots, one at the north
east corner of Buchanan and Vallejo
! streets, and the other on Ellis street.
near Jones.
[ ADVERTISEMENTS.
1 ~~-~- — -~-
!
; r^S .
This dining-room '"■ is
not only unique from its
location — 215 feet above
Market street, command-
ing a grand view of the
entire city and bay — but
from its peculiar arrange- v
ment, guests enjoy '
privacy in an open room.
No crowding, no noise.
The very best of French
cooking and exquisite
service.
Light refreshments, as
well as an attractive
menu.
Spreckels Rotisserie
15th Floor,
CALL BUILDING
OPIUM, MORPHINE
A SIX DAYS' TREATMENT SENT ON
TRIAL BY MAIL TO ANY ONE WHO l
HONESTLY DESIRES TO BE !,.£?
CURED OF THE . OPIUM,
MORPHINE OR CO-
CAINE "HABIT."
Remedy Contains No Opiates or Poisons, Cures
the Dreaded "Habits" Permanently
Without Suffering.
A well-known practitioner of Cincinnati,
O after many years' close study has dis-
covered a remedy that permanently cures •
the morphine, opium, cocaine, laudanum
i and similar habits. In order to let the
' sufferer realize how easily he can be cured
at home, without any suffering, deten-
i tion from business or loss of time, the
doctor sends a six days' treatment on
trial to any one who actually desires to
be cured. ; 
The cure is complete and permanent
and leaves the patient In a condition of
1 perfect health. ' ■ ■ _
If you are or have a friend addicted to
the terrible habit, write to Dr. Carlos
Bruisard, 231 Glenn Bldg., Cincinnati, 0..
for a trial treatment. All correspondence
strictly confidential. Write to-day.
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
,A P ,,, • Full Set of Teeth
«2&"vH I s&>'" extracting free $50009
ti Jtt^m^r-r^y Gold Crowns 22k $3 50 up
isr-~^JS»». v Fillings - - - 25 cts. up
*? Open Evenings &SuudaT»
r^O^VS VAN VROOM
r WvVj' Electro Dental Parlors
*M| r V Sixth and Market
w ■• . Or. G W. Kisiser, Prop*
— -r— — . . :k
PgS^DR. HALL'S REINVIGORATOB
S^S^FW^l '•'<-' iniimred reward lor any case
HI IH sve cannot cure. This secret remedy
:% ■ htops all losses In 24 hours, cures
MEM EffiH Emissions. Impotency, Varicooele,
Till ' kvfni Oonorrhoea, Gleet, Fits, Strictures. <
ran Metal J osl Manhood and all wasting ef-
JPfll ,:B fectsof self-abuse or excesses. Sent
HSQbBESHI sealed, {2 bottle; 3 bottles. ss; guar-
anteed to cure. Address HALL.' MEDICAL IN-
STITUTE. 855 Broadway. Oakland, Cal. Also
for ; sale . at . 1073 1-*1 -* Market ' St.. S. F. All pri-
vate diseases quickly, cured. Send for fret book.ALAMEDA COUNTRY NEWS
JUDGE ALLEN'S
DEBUT US A
PROSECUTOR
Makes a Discovery in
Pig-Stealing.
DISAPPOINTMENT AND JOY
MENDONCAS AND DT7ARTES IN A
HAYWAEDS COURT.
A Fifteen-Dollar Porker Causes a
Trial That Brings Out a Large
Part of the Town
ship.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 26.
Judge Allen's first appearance as repre- ;
sentative of the District Attorney's .office
(in which department he is serving a few
•weeks" apprenticeship prior to taking
charge on January 1) produced a little
comedy that amused and disappointed a
large portion of Haywards.
In Judge Pimental'scourt Mr. Mendonca
was charged by the people with stealing |
a pig, the property of Mr. Duarte. Ap
parently the Portuguese residents of Eden
Township are about equally divided, half
of them b#ing friends of tiie Mendoncas
and the other half being friends of the j
Duartes. They were all in the courtroom
when Judge Allen opened the case for the
people. The Judge had not gone far when
he discovered that he was on the short
end of the argument. Whoever drew up
the complaint made the fatal error of
charging Mr. Mendonca. with a felony, to
wit, the stealing of a pig.
•'lf your Honor please," said Judge
Allen, addressing Judge Pimental, "I do
not feel like going any further in this j
rase. Mr. Mer.duuca. is charged with steal
ng a pig. Many years ago, when pigs
were scarce in California, as your Honor ]
doubtless remembers, it was declared to j
be grand larceny to steal one. After
ward this statute was modified, and the
State of California .does not now hold it !
to be a felony to steal a pig. and therefore j
the charge of grand larceny must of ne
cessity be dismissed."
Attorneys Mickle and "Whaley. who ap- ;
peared for Mendonca, made a little argu- i
ment, after which Judge Pim< ntal ue- I
clared that a new complaint must be :
drawn if the case must go to trial. Judge I
Allen nnoved for a dismissal, which was :
granted and the alleged pigstealer was
discharged So bitter is the feeling be- ;
tween the Mendoncaa and the Duartes
that Attorn. George S. Langan has been
retained to assist the prosecution, al- '
though the pis is only valued at $13.
Mendonca declares that he found the
pig on the highway and took it home; but
Duarte declares it was taken from his
p*>n. There is also much doubt as to the
value of the pig. and it will probably be i
produced In court and expert testimony
given regarding Its pedigree when the
trial for petty larceny takes place.
Mr Mendonca'a friends were highly
elated at the partial success, or if» ■•■•
fendant; but now that in case of convic- •
tion he can be sent to no place more in
convenient than the County Jail the
friends of >iart.-> have lost part of their
interest In the case.
GOLD FOUND IN A
DEAD MISER'S HOUSE
END OF CAPTAIN TIBBETTS' RO-
M ANTIC LITE.
In Early Life Was an Arctic Explor
er—Lived Forty Years at
Irvington.
• Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
908 Broadway, Nov. 20.
The Irvington recluse, Captain M. Tib
betts. is dead. Yesterday he was found in
an unconscious condition and was taken
by friend* to a more comfortable home
than his cabin. He died without becom-
Ing conscious. . . . W.
The old captain has lived at ashing
ton Corners for forty years, and it is
always supposed that he has been a miser.
This opinion was strengthened last even-
Ing when Constable Vr.ndervoort found
several hundred dollars in a corner of the
old house where the captain lived. The
Bearch. is being continued, but as the
shanty is full of corners and material col
lected during half a century, the task
cannot be done thoroughly and speedily.
Captain Tibbetts frequently told visitors
to his house that he was the only sur
vivor of the British expedition to the
Arctic that left England in the 30 s. He
was at that time little more than a boy,
but he remembers distinctly the exciting
incidents of the expedition. He came to
California in 1850. The vessel In which
he rounded the Horn was under his com
mand and after arriving here he en-
L-ae-ed in the " coasting trade; between
Puget Sound and San Francisco, and
made considerable money. Eight years
later he owned a boat which he put into
the produce business between Kowry s
Landing, near Irvington and San ran
cisco. He bought a small place at Irving
ton many years ago and has since resided
there He was never known to leave the
town,' and the presumption was that he
kept -whatever he possessed in his little
home. No will has yet been found, anil
It is believed that the captain has no
relatives living.
WICKES WILL CONTEST.
Husband Complains That the Wife
Left All to Her Attending
Physician.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— Alfred M. Wiekes
of. San Francisco to-day filed a contest to
the will of his late wife, Olive Jane
"Wickes, who died here on the sth inst.
Contestant alleges that the will, dated
October 5, ISS6, which a few days ago was
filed for probate by Dr James M. Shan
» non, is not his wife's last will. and that
it was made under undue influence and
while testatrix was of unsound mind.
The estate is a small one, not exceeding
$500 in value, but according to the provi
sions of the will, everything is bequeath
ed to Dr. Shannon, who had been the at
tending physician during Mrs. Wickes'
protracted sickness from cancer.
The contestant avers that the will was
made under the undue influence exercised
by Dr. Shannon during his constant at
' tendance upon the sick wife.
Favored Her Youngest Child. j
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— Beatrice M. ;
Crooks to-day filed the will of her moth
er. Sophia A. Crooks, deceased, for pro
bate. The estate consists of an undivided
one-third interest in the estate of the late
Matthew Crooks, valued, about $14,000.
In the will, which is written on a sheet
of note paper, dated July 5, 18W, testatrix
bequeaths to four of her daughters—Su
san Sophie, Beatrice and Irene— ss each,
wni'le the remainder goes to the youngest
1 daughter, Lucile Crooks. This is done
because the others have received property
from the estate of Mrs. Crooks. ';.,;. vi
Oakland Exposition. .
OAKLAND, Nov. 26. -The Reliance
Club held forth at the Oakland exposition
to-night and had charge of affairs. A
good programme was presented : and a
Sb-minute talk by H. W. Root, late of the
Eighteenth United States Infantry, ; upon
life in the trenches and on the battle
field at Manila, proved very interesting:.
Mrs. F. B. Moran, M. D., of the St.- Hele
na sanitarium, also delivered a short lec
ture ' ■ ' *" ■■■* ' *"' -J ~
ANNUAL COUNTY
REPORT MAY
NOT BE ISSUED
Clerk Jordan Says He
Has Spent Enough.
FIGURES OF GREAT VALUE
MOBE TALK OF RAISING OFFI
CIALS' SALARIES.
Still Complaining That Four Thou
sand Dollars a Year Is Not
Enough for Men in Public
Office.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, Nov. 26.
The taxpayers of this county are likely
to be greatly disappointed unless the Su
pervisors shall make an appropriation for
getting out the annual iinancial report of
: the various departments of the county
government This report has been pre
: by County Clerk Jordan for each
; of the past three years, and has done
more to open the eyes of the people as
to what goes on in the county buildings
| than anything else ever published. Ip
; to this time no appropriation has been
made lor this work, and the County
Clerk has done it largely as a matter
:of pride. Now he declares that having
i spent fully a thousand dollars a year out
: of his own appropriation for three years,
he doea not feel it incumbent upon him
i to do it this year, and his contention is
not unreasonable.
Next year under the new county gov
ernment act it Will be the duty of County
i Auditor Kwing to prepare this statistical
, report, but there is not likely to be any
ft>r this year.
The break in the issue of the reports
should be avoided if possible, for there
is much public curiosity regarding the
manner in which the county officers have
done their work during the past year.
than ever is it important tnat the
report should be prepared, because, with
out It there can be no intelligent com
parison drawn of the effect ot the new
county government act. This act goes
: into effect next January and provides that
1 instead of immense appropriations for the
i different departments of the county gov
ernment, each official shall draw « salary
r and shall be provided with depulfes, the
salaries ot whom are also fixed. It would
: be- interesting to know the difference be
', tween the cost for this year under the
1 go-as-you-please plan and how it com
i pares with the new schedule of next year.
if the Supervisors can legally appropriate
money to prepare the annual report, and
it is said that they can, it should be pre
pared.
There is already some talk of trying
to bring about other changes than those
contained in the new act. Between now
and the opening of the Legislature there
will be a conference between the legisla
tive delegation from this county and the
county officials, relative-to these proposed
changes. Two years ago the county of
ficials swarmed the halls of the Capitol
and subjected the legislators to much
Inconvenience and work by continually
f"isting upon them their Individual views.
This time all this is to be avoided and
the legislators are to be made aware be
fore going t" Sacramento of what the
county officials consider necessary. There
is much dissatisfaction with some officers
regarding the pas-ment of a lump salary
of S-iOOQ p«»r year. They will attempt to
have it raised to $6000, although it has
already been demonstrated that $4000 is
a very munificent pay. especially when
compared with the salariei of State offi
cials who receive but $3000.
WOMEN MINERS AT WORK.
Northwestern Enterprise Extends Its
Field to Alameda County.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— The Woman's
Northwest Mining and Investment Asso
ciation, incorporated under the laws of
the State of Washington and British Co
lumbia, is reaching to this county for
sss. A certified copy of the articles
of incorporation was filed this afternoon
with County Clerk Jordan.
principal place of business of the
ration is in Spokane; the capital
of $2,000,000; all actually subscribed.
The directors are Orilla Bertrand, Mary
A. Davis, Anna May Kelser, Jennie L.
Grandy. Etta B. Reed and Florence N.
: Kent, all of Snokane, Wash., and Wal
i trine Willis of Chicago, 111. Anna May
Kelser is the heaviest stockholder, her
BUbsc ription of stock being $1,000,000 at $1
per sharp; E. E. Scoones has $5OJO00; Wal
i trine Willis. $100,000: Orilla Bertrand,
A. Davis, Etta Reed and Jennie L.
Grandy, $68,667 each; and Florence Kent
< and Mrs. George E. Stone, $66,666 each.
BY A JURY OF THREE.
i Peculiar Verdict in the Spear-Schmidt
Suit Which Cut Both Ways.
OAKLAND, Nov. 2tf.— The suit of Coun
ty Recorder Charles H. Spear against
William J. Schmidt for the recovery of
$299 t"J claimed due as commission for
the collection of a debt due Schmidt, was
tried in Superior Judge Greene's court to
day by a jury of three.
The case was up on an appeal from
Justice ("lift's court, and defendant had
filed a counter claim of $100 on a promis
sory note lu-ld against plaintiff Spear.
The merits of the case were gone into
' very thoroughly, and the verdict of the
jury of three -J. W. McCombs, S. K. Irish
and Mr. Fineh — proved a surprise, for
the judgment cut both ways, but left the
defendant winner by $26 75. To plaintiff
the jury gave a verdict for $100 and to
defendant $12'; '",.
Blind Home Removal.
OAKLAND, Nov. 26.— The question of
the removal of the Adult X..nd Home
from its present location on Telegraph
avenue to some other site where land is
not so valuable is again being agitated,
and may again come before the Legisla
ture as it was broached two years ago.
Superintendent Hays in a recent report
recommends the change.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND. Nov. 28.— The preliminary
examination of J. J. COnway, a conductor
on the Haywards electric line, on a
charge of assaulting young James Blaiter
with a switch iron, will be conducted in
Justice Lawrence's court, Eaat Oakland,
next Thursday morning.
The completion of Shepherd's pass with
in the next few days will connect thi*
city with Moraga Valley in Contra Costa
County, to the great convenience of
ranchers in the valley as w«>ll as residents
of Oakland.
Professor T. P. Bailey Jr. of the Uni
versity of California will lecture at the
Grand Army Hall to-morrow evening
under the auspices of the Oakland section
of the Socialist Labor party. His subject
will be -natural ivights."
Sam Parnell, a colored politician who
formerly was an active element in the
Fourth "Ward, died at the County Infirm
ary yesterday. His death is attributed to
alcoholism.
A charge of cruelty to animals has been
lodged against J. W. Smith, a peddler
in the employ of Sam Clexton. Smith is
said to have beaten his horse with a club.
Society in a Drama.
BERKELEY. Nov 20.— "The Train
Robber," a one-act farce, was presented
la«t night at the Goodrich residence, cor
ner of Piedmont avenue and Dwight way.
One hundred and twenty invitations had
been it : .snod in the name of Mrs. G\ H. Da
venport and Mrs. Edward K. Goodrich.
The cast, composed of people prominent
in Berkeley society, consisted of the fol
1 o iii fir *
Mrs. Agnes Duff, Miss Mamie Hall, Miss
THE SAX FItANCTSCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1808.
Hathaway, Miss Eleanor Davenport. Dr.
Kendrick C. Babcock, Professor Mellin
AY. Haskell, Dr. Charles A. Xoble and
Professor E. B. McOilvary.
EXCHANGED HARD NAMES.
A Berkeley Doctor and a Dentist at
War.
BERKELEY. Nov. 26.-Dr. C. F. Glad
ding, a well-known physician of West
Berkeley, was served with a warrant from
Justice Cliffs court to-day charging him
with disturbing the peace.
The summons is the outcome of an af
fair In which Dr. Gladding, Dr. Alfred
de Marconnay and I. Wolff of the M<«iet
drug store were the principals, and the
drug store and the sidewalk the chief
scenes of action. Dr. Marconnay acted as
peacemaker.
■ There was some vigorous calling of hard
names, threats of personal violence and
the usual incidents of v war of words.
It Is stated that Dr. Gladding entered the
store, accused Wolff of defaming him
and called the druggist a "cur." The lat
ter denied the allegation, ordered the phy
sician out of the place and promised to
do violence to the medico. Dr. de Mar
connay interfered and bloodshed was
avoided.
The warrant followed. Dr. Gladding
says he is satisfied and will pay a line
with pleasure, This Is what Mr. WoLf
wants.
Xeyes Will Recover.
ALAMEDA, Nov. 26.— The Alameda
physicians who have been assisting In
admlii'iterlng to Police Officer Keyes. wno
was wounded by an unknown crook, re
ported to-day that his recovery was al
most a certainty. It la expected that Mr.
Keyes will be able to get about within a
month. As soon as he is able he will
resume duty on the Alameda police force,
but cm will not be required to do patrol
service. It has been arranged that as
soon as Marshal Rogers assumes the da
tits ol' Sheriff Sergeant John Conrad, who
now does office duty, will take charge uf
the fcrce, and Officer Keyes will be given
tae position at police headquarters.
CHARITABLE WORK OF
SCHOOL CHILDREN
GEOWD OF LITTLE FOLKS EN
TERTAINED AT A BANQUET.
Pupils of the Alameda Public Schools
Engage in a Worthy Under
taking.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 26.— Nearly 150 little
children, upon whose parents Dame For
tune has frowned, were treated to a
Thanksgiving dinner to-day provided by
the pupils of the Alameda School Depart
ment. The affair took place at Masonic
Temple and was the crowning success of
a project undertaken by the young folks
several months ago. The usual good
things of a Thanksgiving dinner were on
the bill of faro. The school children pre
pared the dishes and served the banquet
and did everything possible to make the
joy of their little guests complete. The
banquet room was decorated with smilax,
ivy and holly berries, and bouquets of flow
ers from the Alameda gardens adorned
the tables. The banquet started at 2
o'clock In the afternoon and it was nearly
dusk when the children retired.
The Idea of entertaining the poor chil
dren at a Thanksgiving dinner originated
with Miss Emma Postel. a student at the
Porter Grammar School. Committees
from all the schools were appointed to as
sist in the work. They gave an enter
tainment at Armory Hall to assist in de
fraying the expenses of the dinner, and
what was lacking was cheerfu!ly\made
up by the mc-rchants of Alameda.
The committee of arrangements was
Miss Emma Postel. Miss Ethel Seiden
berg. Miss Ruby Schloss, William Butler
and Miss Alice Jooßt. Foster Griffiths
acted as chief cook of the banquet. The
waiters were: Henry Behnemann, Willie
McStay, Albert Butler. Ralph Davis,
Thomas Stacknole. Thomas Benton. Paul
Shattuck, Nick Reinecker Jr., Arthur
Donovan, Alfred Zadlg and Edwin Cooley.
CRUSHED BY AN ELEVATOR.
Mortimer Truett, a Teamster. Instantly Killed in
Front of the V, M, C. A, Building,
MORTIMER K. TRUETT, a team
ster, who resided at 132 A Twelfth
street, was crushed and instantly
killed last evening in a freight
elevator on the sidewalk in front
of the White Sewing Machine Com
pany at 138 Ellis street, in the Y. M.
C. A. building. He was employed by
the company, and the accident which
cost him his life happened while he
was attempting to close the iron doors
covering the elevator.
The man's body was found about 7
o'clock by W. R- Martin, but he had
been killed two hours before. Truett
drove up to the building shortly before
5 o'clock, and, noticing that the ele
vator bad not been closed, remarked
that he would close it, as the man
whose duty it was to see that the doors
weie locked was busy. He went into
the bascVnent, and was not seen from
that time until his body was discov
ered.
It is the belief of Mr. Martin that
Truett got on the ele/ator and raised
it iii^'n enough tc. enable him to dose
the Iron doors above his head, and then
when he went to lower It pulled the
wrong rope, causing the elevator to
BRANDES AND
WIFE CHARGED
WITH MURDER
Complaints Sworn to
by Marshal Lloyd.
ARRAIGNMENT NEXT MONDAY
IMPORTANT PHOTOGRAPHS OF
THE MURDERED GIRL.
No Time to Be Lost in Trying the
Accused, Who Are Still
Separated by Prison
Walls.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway. Nov. 26.
Two complaints were filed this after
noon in Justice of the Peace Cliffs court
which will begin the legal battle over the
strong chain of circumstantial evidence
that surrounds the cruel and cold-bdooded
murder of 13-year-old Lillian Brandes at
Berkeley on the 19th inst.
In one complaint William A. Brandes is
charged with murder and in the other
Mrs. Etta Brandes, his wife, is charged
with the same crime. There Is no dis
tinction made, though it had been sup
posed that the wife would be held only
as an accessory.
Both complaints are sworn to by Rich
ard Lloyd, Marshal of Berkeley, who has
taken an active part in collecting evi
dence which was used at the inquest. Ihe
complaints are written in the usual or
dinary form and were prepared by Dis
trict Attorney-elect J. J. Allen, who, with
Deputy District Attorney Harry Melvin,
will conduct the prosecution from begin
ning to end. _ M .»
The warrants were served by Constable
K-i Weuller late this afternoon at the
County Jail, and the accused man and
wife will be arraigned in Justice Clift s
court next Monday afternoon at 2 o'clock,
of which fact Attorney Eugene Deuprey,
in the meantime, will have been advised,
for he has so requested. Deuprey. how
ever, had not up to to-day consented to
defend Mrs. Brandes.
The testimony as taken before the Coro
ner's jury established such a strong case
in itself that the prosecution builds on the
: most formidable hopes of conviction.
A feature of the trial will be the lntro
' duction In evidence of certain important
I photographs taken to-day at the instance
i of District Attorney Snook. ' These are
photos of the dead girl and the wounds
from blows tiiat led to her death.
Brandes is still depressed and now
views with alarm the serious charge that
has been placed at his door. He is not
permitted to see his wife, and thus they
1 have no opportunity of comparing notes
and stories upon which to base a coincid
ing defense.
Officer Swain of the local police has
received several letters from parties at
Mcnterey who were acquainted with the
I murdered girl and all of whom write that
■ she was a child of many good traits and
■ was bright. These clearly refute Brandes'
statement that the girl was ignorant and
i half-witted..
All curates in the diocese of "Wakefield
have shaved their mustaches, not by or
der but at the strongly expressed wish of
their Bishop.
rise. Thf> head was caught between the
girder and the floor of the elevator,
showing that Truett had seen his dan
ger and attempted to jump. Had he
remained on the platform the chances
are that he would have escaped with a
few bruises.
Truett was 55 years old. He had been
employed by the White Sewing Ma
chine Company for a number of years,
and was generally respected by his
employers and the large number of
friends he had made during his life.
He leaves a widow, who Is at present
visiting In Cloverdale, and seven
grown sons and daughters.
WATER FRONT
OF ALAMEDA TO
BE IMPROVED
May Be Leased to a
Syndicate.
WHARVES TO BE BUILT
PROJECTORS WILL RTTN A FERRY
TO SAN FRANCISCO.
It Is Proposed to Construct a Land
ing Place and Warehouses at
the Foot of Prospect
Street.
ALA MED A, Nov. 2J.— Alameda's water
front, which was acquired by a settle
ment of the suit to partition the marsh
land north of the city, will be improved.
Agitation Is already on foot to build
wharves, coal-bunkers and warehouses
on the city's property. An organization
was formed to-day to be known as the
Improvement Syndicate, and the object ot
its projectors Is to make an offer to lease
the city's water front at the foot of Pros
pect street for a term of ten years.
There is 960 feet of j frontage at that
place, and if the offer of the syndicate,
is accepted work will be commenced at
an early date on the construction of a
wharf and coal-bunkers. At the present
time there is not a place on the shore of
Alameda where a vessel of any kind can
discharge a cargo. The merchants, pro
i duce dealers and coal men are compelled
to deal entirely through Oakland people.
This necessitates an extra outlay for
transportation and drayage, which it is
calculated, would be avoided if the city
had a wharf of its own. Several mer
i chants have taken an interest in the Im
provement Syndicate and claim that ir
its plans are carried out Alameda will be
enabled to deal almost directly with the
producers and will not have to handle its
goods through the middlemen of Oak-
a Th*e Prospect street site for a wharf Is
an admirable- one in point of location, as
the roads leading to it are convenient to
all parts of the city. It has long been
Alameda's ambition to have a water front
lined with monufacturies, warehouses and
other evidences of business activity, ana
the movement of the Improvement Syn
dicate is the first actual step taken in
that direction. An option has been se
cured on a sternwheel steamer which will
be used in transporting < freight between
Alameda and San Francisco.
The gentlemen connected with the en
terprise, while admitting that they will
endeavor to secure a lease of the city s
water front, say it is too early yet to
discuss their plans in detail. It is known
they are trying to interest several cap
italists In their project, and if they suc
ceed they will commence operations at
once
Oakland Asks for Time.
ALAMEDA. Nov. 2G.— The City Trustees
will hold a special session Tuesday night
to take action on .building the approaches
to the Alice-street bridge. The Oakland
merchants have asked for an extension
of time until then to. raise .half of t.io
money required to complete the work. 1 be
Alaraeda authorities declare that unless
Oakland contributes half of the amount
necessary they will take no action in the
matter, which would leave Oakland with
out iire-t communication with Alame.la
pending the construction of the new \\ cb
-street bridge.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, * Nov. 26.-The Adelphia
Club gave a "gentleman s night this
evening at its clubrooms.
The Verein Germania is arranging to
give an entertainment at Harmony Had
December 4. Among those who will take
Dart are Mrs Josephine Lafontaine-Neck
haus. Mrs. Reschert, Miss Roebke and
Messrs. Horwlnski, Roebko and Kaehler
Jam. Monroe Council. Jr. O. U. A. M.,
will attend the services Sunday at Dr.
Dille's church in Oakland, where a pro
gramme has been especially arranged for
Spruce Camp, Woodmen of the World,
will hold Its semi-annual election of of
ficers next Wednesday evening. i,-J;
The funeral services of the late Benja
min F Fletter, will be hold to-morrow
at Masonic Temple under the auspices of
Oak Grove Lodge. v ,", ■ >
George H. Burkhart s 6-year-old son,
who was struck on the head last Wednes
day with a baseball bat, is recovering
from his Injuries. His skull was dented
from the blow and it was thought for a
while that his injuries would prove fatal.
A WARNING TO THOSE
WHO WOULD LOBBY
IMPORTANT DECISION IN A CO
LUSA COUNTY CASE.
Attorney F. S. Sprague Loses a Fee
Promised by the Supervisors.
They Exceeded Their
Powers.
The Supreme Court handed down a de
cision yesterday in which there is some
gmxl law on the matter of lobbying-. It
.was In the case of the District Attorney
of Colusa County against R. F. Welch,
the Treasurer. The former sought to re
strain the latter from paying $1000 to F.
1 S. Sprapue on an authorization of the
Board of Supervisors.
Sprague Is an attorney and the Super
visors hired him to so to Sacramento
to attend the Legislature that met in ISM.
He was hired to "lo'bny" In the interests
of Colusa County by defeating the pass
age of an "act to provide for tho ad
justment of Indebtedness and assets be
tween any county that has been created
or may hereafter be created, and the
county or counties from the territories
of which said new county may be cre
ated."
Glenn County was the new county that
had been created from the territory of
Colus-a and it was to the Interest of the
latter county to defeat the passage of the
act. *
In the lower court the alleged contract
between the Board of Superivsors and
Spragrue was upheld, but the Justices of
the higher court took a different view
of the matter, holding that such a con
tract was in excess of the power vested
In the Board of Supervisors and hence it
was. void. The point was raised by the
defendant that it la the duty of the Su
pervisors to preserve the interests of the
county and that they were authorized un
der the law to employ a special attorney
to maintain such interest. The Supreme
Court disposes of this argument by say
ing':
In th© case at bar the Supervisors hnj no
duty In the premiss to perform. They had no
authority to Influence or to employ others to
influence the Leg-islature In the notion which
in its wisdom it should «cc fit to take. If the
board could do so in the present case, then
by parity of reasoning it could do sj in ail
matters of reveuue, and in ait oases wttfch
might indirectly affect the interests of the
crmnty. If the board of a sriven county may
exercise such authority, then like boards of all
other counties may exercise like authority In
Ilka capes, and there is a possibility of a corps
of attorneys being always in attendance upon
sessions of the Legislature to influence the
actions of. members Jh matters confided to the
JiniKTnt'nt of the latter. There Is no sijeh au
thority siven either directly or by implication
t-> Boarcis of Supervisor, and the attempt t.>
exercise it by the board in the case at bar was
null and void.
The Judgment and order of the lower
court was reversed and Mr. Sprague will
not be paid for lobbying. '
HARES GAVE
THE HOUNDS
HEAVY RUNS
Grueling Courses at
Ingieside.
VERY . SPEEDY SAPLINGS
COUNTERFEIT AND FLASHLIGHT
WERE EXHAUSTED.
Sports Who Played the Short Enda
Fared Well for a While, buc
Lost Heavily on the
Finals.
To -the surprise of many critical observ
ers, the performances of the saplings that
contested yesterday at Ingleside Coursing
Park were of a very high order, and The
Call's tips won every course excepting
one, and that was the race between Babe
King: and Hattabell, which was easily won
by Hattabell. who. however, was beaten
subsequently by Maggie N, a probable
stakewinner.
In the non-winners' stake the coursing
was truly excellent. In fact, the coursing
pleasures of the day can be attributed in
a great measure to the wonderful running
of the hares, a number of which, after
carrying their pursuers from end to end
of the field, escaped, in the language of
Tom McHugh, "with flying colors." Out
of the thirty-six courses which composed
the run down The Call was again suc
cessful in tipping thirty winners. The pik
ers were fairly successful up to the tweij^
ty-second course of the day, when the long
shots got in and held possession to the
end of the run down. Those who played
the short ends won on Emerald, a 1 to 4
shot, against Brutus; at Last against
Fear Not; Commodore •against Mission I
Tip; Prince George against KiUarney
Lass; Counterfeit against Flashlight;
Rush o' Hill against Dauntless; Rattle :
against Faultless Beauty. The longest
course of the day was between Counter
feit and Flashlight. The hare escaped
after making two rounds of the Held.
Appended is the score: • '.'■
All-age" stake, ! purses *100, $65. *45. two of
t3i, live 'of 23, .nine of $17 H *nd eighteen of
|9 each— Results of the run-down : Emerald ,
beat Brutus, score 12-6; Flying Faster beat
Jesse Moore, 5-3; O. K. Capitol beat Fedora.
9—4- Bit of Fashion beat White Rocket, <>— I;
Admiral Dewey ran a bye; At Last beat Fear
Not 3—o; Quickstltch beat Jimmy Rlx. b-1 1*;1 *;
Commodore beat Mission Tip, 7—2; Golden Rus
set beat Coolrane. 5-0; Pastime beat skylark,
B—2; Prince George beat Killarney Lass, 10—
Joy Bells beat Get There. 3&— 2 Vi; I>akota beat
Winged Foot. 6—2; White Diamond beat Breach
of Promise 6—l; Rest Assured beat Sunburst.
7— 4; Magic' beat High Born Lady, 3>4— 2; Coun
terfeit beat Flashlight. 1«— 8; Mira. Monte beat
Pat Molloy, 9-4; Sky ball beat Pretender 4Vs—o;
Rush o' Hill beat Dauntless,- 3— 2; Hattle beat
Faultless Beauty. 6—2; Laurel II ran a
bye; Young America beat Forgive. 7— v; Innls
fallen ran a bye; Lady Hersctxel beat Las. Pal
mas. 7—2; Royal Chief beat Lady Roach. 6—o;
Van Cloie beat Miss Dividend, 8-0; Victor King
beat Van Kirk. ID— 2; Lady Gilmore beat Ber
nese 7-C; Nelly TJ beat Star, Pointer, 10—
Bendalong beat Willful, .4-3; O'Grady beat
Thad Stevens, 5—3; Sportsman beat Statesman.
7-2- Babe Murphy beat Fashion Plate, 7—o:
Glenrosa beat Ben Hur, 7— Terrona bsat Miss
A B*p'ltng"stake. purses »5. $20. two of »Q each
and four of $5 each-Result of run-down:
Pleasant Girl beat Alex, score 8-1; Star of
Cuba beat Pat Rellly, 13-2; Maggie N. beat
Ripley Boy. **-»; Hattabell beat Baby King,
8-0: Winning Ways beat Tiger Lily. 13—2;
Firenzi II beat Granada, 14— 0; Warrior beat
Oliver 9—l: Tea Rose beat Day Spring. 14—0.
First round, saplings— Pleasant Girl beat Star
of Cuba, score 16—7; Maggie N beat Hattabell,
7—5; Winning Ways beat Flrenil 11, 7-4; 'War
i rior beat Tea Rose, 9 — ». .
AT UNION PABK.
Spirited Running With the Favorites
i Leading for the Opening Stake.
The running at Union Coursing- Park
yesterday was spirited and with three
notable exceptions the favorites came in
first. In the first race of the day, in the
puppy stake. Miss Skyball beat Rose of
Tralee, an 8 to 1 favorite, in a flukey
course. and Prince Jerome beat Cam
pania, a 3 to 1 shot.
Interest centered in the two new im
ported dogs, Crawford Lad, v.ho was
rated 2 to 1 in favor over all the dogs at
the park, and Crawford Braes. Both dogs
have been heavily touted and much was
expected, but Maid of Erin : beat out
Crawford Lad handily, though she was
led up to the hare by two open lengths.
I After the turn she ran up a sequence of
a half dozen points, beating the touted
dog with ease. Following is the result
of the day's running:
Puppy stake, first round— T. : Hale's Miss
Skyb'oli beat J. F. Cronin's Rose o/ Tralee:
Pasha Kennels' Regular Army beat Belmont
Kenaels' Belmont Boy; W. J. Jones' I'rlnce
JeroWle beat William Perry's Campania; W. J.
Jones 1 Lady Marian beat P. Kerwin's Lady
Garnet: F. J. Cronlns Arab beat W. J. Jones'
Kustan. , , •
Open stake— Russell & Wilson 3 Jennie Wil
son beat MK*>Uough & London's Magneto: I.
Frank's Telephone Girl beat |J. ■• McGrath's
White Wedge: M. Herzog's Little Delight beat
Jones Kennels' Little Hope; A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty beat E. G. Porter's Newsboy;
E. Kltzpatrlck's Free Silver Boy beat I.
Frank's Count of Monte Cristo; Eclipse Ken
nels' Diana beat T. J. Croatia's Maid of Hail;
E & E Kennels' Vigilant beat Larkey &
Rock'K Hercules:- F. McComb's . Royal Flush
beat Yorkshire Kennels' llanford; D. Ford's
Hayseed a bye; Curtis & Son's McKinley beat
Pasha Kennels' Alameda: Santa Rosa. Ken
nels' Jean Bereaud beat T'asha Kennels' Riot
Act: Jones Kennels' Galivant beat Eclipse
Kennels' Masterpiece; AI Austin's Trinket beat
Dan Kaher's Belle of Moscow; R. E. de B.
Lop«>a's Arrow beat T. Logan's Miss Grizzle:
J McCormlck's White Lilly beat A. Massey'a
Victor Chief; G & H Kennels' Dempsey Lasg
beat I. F. Holton's Tic Tac; S. Ford's Bonita
boat E. ami R. Scott's Seldom: E. Brader^ Mag
nus beat J. McGrath'B Martyr: T. J. Cronin's
Thornhlll beat A. Massey's Hadiwlst; Pasha
Kennels' Firm Friend beat E. M. Kellog'a Kid
McCoy: D. Cronin's Swinnerton beat J. Mo-
Cormick's White Tip: John Maher's Lottie M
beat J. J. Edmonds' Morning Glor^: E. and
R Scott's Lord Byron beat A. Massey"s Light
foot; E & E Kennels' Hurricane beat George
MacDoupall's Sweet Idleness; Larkey & Rock's
Liberty Hell boat E. and R. Scott's Crusader;
H Webpr'B Montana beat J. Mnffet's Grip
man; R. E. de B. Lopez's Quiver beat J. Seg
gerson'a White Chief: T. J. Cronln a Wild
TraK-e beat Q. W. Labusen's Preclta Girl; R.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
STOPS A
COUGH
DON'T COUGH.
There is nothing more irritable to a
cough than coughing.
Constant coughing is like scratching
a wound; so long as it is done the
wound will not heal. When tempted to
cough draw a long breath and hold it
until it warms and soothes every air
cell, and some benefit will soon be re-
ceived from this process. The nitrogen
which is thus refined acts on the mu-
cous membrane, allays the desire to
y.ough and gives the throat and lungs
a chance to heal. At the same time the
use of "77" will aid nature in her efforts
to recuperate.
At druggists or sent prepaid; price, 25c and
50c; large pc^Jcet flask, $100, Dr. Humphrey*'
Manual at druggists or sent free.
Humphreys' Med. Co.. cor. William and John
Bts.. New York. B« sure to get
H-U-M-P-H-R-E-Y-S
K. fle B. Lopez's Minneapolis beat J. McCor
mick's Woodhtoe; Hincon Kennels' Ski. Imp.,
beat Ed Alken's Sir Marmion: H. F. Ander
son's Crawford Braes, imp., beat McCullough
& London's Van Needa; M. Lealons Maid of
Erin beat 11. F. Anderson's Crawford Lad.
TROUBLE ON A BUILDING.
All Union Men Called Off the Struc
ture Being Erected in Cen
tral Park.
A joint meeting of the executive com
mittee of the Building Trades Council and
the Carpenters' District Council waa held,
last evening to take action regarding the
construction of the new buildings in Cen
tral Park.
William Wehner of San Jose has let out
a contract to Senate & aicCafm of this
city for the construction of a circular
building to be vied as a cyclorama. Tha
building Is of rather flimsy construction
and will be built almost wholly of wood
and canvas with a covering of sheetiron.
Work was begun on It a few days ago,
but from the start the contractors have
violated trade rules by employing non
union labor, working the men over hours
and paying wages far below the union
rates. The contractors have positively
refused to act in conformity with the
rules of the union, and the union men in
turn will tight them in every possible way.
The union men employed on the structure
will be called off at once ami at the meet
ings on Wednesday, Thursday and Fri
day plans will be formulated for further
action
It is probable that a protest will be sent
to the fire wardens against the erection
of such a building within the fire limits,
as some of the building experts in the
council declare that it is notßing but a
flretrap and a menace to surrounding
property. __^_
CAVALRY BAND
AND GLEE CLUB
Special Musical Features
for the Colonial Tea on
Tuesday Next.
The musical programme for the Colo
nial tea. to be given November 29 at the
Colonial Hotel for the Girls' Training
Home, promises to be one of the features
of the affair and includes some of the
beat talent In the city, both for afternoon
and evening. The celebrated Mandolin
Orchestra, under the leadership of Signer
S. P, Fachutar, one of the most distin
guished mandolinists of this country, will
render selections in the afternoon and
will prove a most successful feature. The
Berkeley Glee Club has kindly offered
its services.
The hotel will bo decorated in the most
beautiful and unique manner, particular
attention being given to the palm garden
on the fifth floor, where ice cream and
cake will be served.
The Fourth Cavalry Band will render
some of its finest numbers and the la
dies feel very gratetul to it for its
kindly assistance. . , ,
The tea room is another feature which
demands special mention. Decorated In
Chinese fashion, with little almond-eyed
maidens to serve tea. under the direction
of a committee of prominent ladies, it will
doubtless be well patronized. „„„,,,,
There will also be a doll booth, candy
tables, flower stand, lemonade bowls and.
fancy work stand, while. those who wish
to look into the future can be accommo
dated by the most accomplished fortune
tellers The children have not been for
gotten and they will be pleasantly enter
tained in the afternoon.
A new catalogue of the higher plants
of North America, north of Mexico, haa
14.534 entries, including fifteen palms and
21U orchids. — — — »
ADVERTISIiHENTS.
SENT FREE TO MEN
Th» State Medioal Institute Discovers a
Remarkable Remedy for Lost
Vigor.
ARE SENDING FREE A TRIAL PACKAGE
TO ALL WHO WRITE.
' ittm eg moles of a most remarkable
remedy ageing distributed by the State
Medical Institute. Fort Wayne. Ind. It
cured so many men who had battled for
! years against the mental and physical
suffering of lost manhood that the lnstl.
! tute has decided to distribute free trial
! Packages to all who write. It is a home
treatment and all men who suffer with
any form of sexual weakn" i resulting
: from youthful folly, premature loss of
strength and memory, weak back, varico-
cele or emaciation of parts can now cur«
themselves at home. ... - ,
' The remedy has a peculiarly grateful
! effect of warmth and seems to act direct
i to the desired location, giving strength
! and development just where it is needed,
i It cures all the ills and troubles that
come from years of misuss of the natural
functions and has beer, an absolute sue-
: cess in all cases. A request to the State
; Medical Institute. 193 First National Bank
Building; Fort Wayne, Ind.. stating that
' you desire one of their free trial pack-
ages will be complied with. The institute
' Is desirous of reaching that great das*
of men who are unable to leave home to
be treated and the free sample will en-
i able them to see how easy it is to ba
■ cured of sexual weakness when th«
proper remedies are employed. The in-
stitute makes no restrictions. Any man
who writes will be sent . a free sample,
'• carefully sealed in a plain package so
I that its .recipient need have no fear of
embarrassment or publicity. Readers ara
requested to- write without delay. :.-:.::•
AUCTION SALES.
GREATEST AUCTION SALE
\ felj • —OF £%
Thoroughbred Race Horses
EVER OFFERED.
Consisting of a consignment of EIGHTEEN
. YEARLINGS ■ . -
From RANCHO DEL 6IBRRA. Wa»ho«, Nev.,
PROPERTY OF THEO. WINTERS, ESQ.
Sons ami daughters of the unbeaten El Rio
Rcy ana Rey del Sierra?, out of the matrons
that have made this farm famous.
I shall also sell all the
HORSES IN ' TRAINING'
Owned by R. HUGHES, ESQ., who Is retiring
from business on account of ill health. Among
those offered will be the
GREATEST TWO-YEAR-OLD IN CALIFOR-
NIA,
MODWKNA,
Also the frequent winners,
JENNIE REID. ANN PAGE. HANNAH REID,
ST. MAGDALEN and & sister in
blood to Dlggs.
Also to be sold.
A three-year-old untried half-brother to ibr
racing queen, MARY BLACK.
Horses may ba seen at yard. Catalogues
ready.
Pale will take place • - :
MONDAY EVENING. November 28,
At the
OCCIDENTAL HORSE ' "
721 HOWARD /
Near Third, S<-
. \VM. G.
ED LOWRY, Auct'
■ ' .".■.' - ;
; SIX 7
THC
— — "YjJ
PALO .)
pun
TUESD ;
Commend n - ■}
SALES YA"
Horses
V ■'
ur
1516
NOT ONE CASE
OF THE PLAGUE
IN CHINATOWN
An Outrageous Rumor i
Found to Be False.
PUZZLED BYASTRANGE DEATH
CHINESE CONSUL REPORTED
BUBONIC DEATHS.
Investigation. Shows His Mistake and
He Makes Formal Acknowledg
ment of the Error — Quar
antine Discontinued.
No cases of bubonic plague have been
discovered In Chinatown. This is the
definite 6tatement made conjointly by
by Health Officer Gallwey, City Bacteri
ologist Spencer and Dr. Williamson of
the Board of Health.
An alarming report that four Chinamen
had died of bubonic plague reached the
Health Office Friday morning through a
verbal report made to Health Officer Gall
wey by the Chinese Consul in San Fran
cisco. This repor#' was to the effect that
Leong Chun Chew of 913 Dupont street
had died of a mysterious disease, believed
to be the black plague, and three other
Chinamen, whose names the Consul u-d
not give, were thought to have fallen vic
tims to the same dread disease.
The semi-official aspect of this infor
mation created considerable alarm in the
mi::d of the Health Officer, and he at once
telephoned to the various members of the
Board of Health, asking them to meet im
mediately in special session at the Health
Office. Every member responded without
delay, and within thirty minutes the
Mayor convened the board and presented
the report of the Chinese Consul, as made
to Dr. Gallwey.
At first the board was inclined to pub
lish the Information "through the daily
newspapers, advising people to keep away
from the Chinatown district until an in
vestigation could be made. Telephonic
messages from the various papers, how
ever, concurred in the advice to give no
publicity to the matter until an investi
gation nad been made, especially as it
would require but a few hours to find out
the truth. It was not considered advisa
ble to create a scare which might do the
city great damage outside and which,
perhaps, would prove to be entirely un
justified.
The Board of Health agreed to this view
of the case and decided to immediately
send inspectors into Chinatown to watch
for any suspicious developments, while
Dr. Spencer, the City Bacteriologist, was
instructed to make an immediate investi
gation of the remains of Leong Chun
Chew, to ascertain whether the bacilli of
the bubonic plague were present or not. :
Inspectors were also ordered to quaran- I
Tine the house at 913 Dupont street and !
to quietly advise all persons approaching ;
the vicinity to go away. These instruc
tions were carried out to the letter. . i
Dr. Spencer, assisted by City Physician
Hereford and Dr. McMurdo, took posses
sion of the corpse of the dead Chinaman,
itnd yesterday made an extensive autopsy
at 734 Pacific street, cutting into all of the
vital organs and every suspected portion.
They found no traces of bubonic plague,
sven under careful microscopical examina
tion; but they did discover what they
considered to be plain evidence that tne
Chinaman came to his death from edema
of the lungs. As a result of the researches
made, the three physicians all signed a
death certificate stating tnat Leong Chun
Chew came to his death from edema of
the lungs. This finding was promptly i
made known to the Health Office, which
by this time was besieged by telephonic
Inquiries as to whether the bubonic plague
had broken out In Chinatown. The story
had been picked up by a few persons and
had spread with great rapidity.
While the attaches of the office were
busy answering the questions -with a
statement that no plague existed the
Chinese Consul walked in and was re
ceived by Assistant Secretary Zobel. The
Consul stated that he was anxious to Hear
the result of the autopsy, and when in
formed expressed himself as greatly re
lieved. He stated that it was his earnest
desire to have the Health Inspectors re
moved from the Chinatown district: that
he was convinced that no plague had ever
existed there and that the vague reports
had already done considerable damage to
the business of Chinatown merchants and
would do much more to the Christmas
trade if allowed to go uncontradicted.
Evidently the Chinese merchants had been
getting after the Consul to secure relief
from the threatened boycott. :'■ ', ~"\
Secretary Zobel assured the Consul that
all proper steps would undoubtedly be
taken in the direction of correcting any
erroneous impressions that might be
abroad, and the Consul expressed himself
as satisfied and withdrew.
While the Board of Health and the
newspapers of this city were taking care
of the interests of the people, as already
outlined, several irresponsible correspond
ents of Chicago and New York news
papers sent out sensational telegrams to
the effect that the bubonic plague had
broken out in San Francisco and that fif
teen Chinamen had died of the disease.
The Chicago newspapers at once issued
special editions, while the New York
sheets contented themselves with dis-
ADVERTISEMENTS.
"BABY COVERED"
WITH
SORES & SCALES
Could Not Tell What She Looked
Like. Got Worse with Doctor's
Medicine. Could Not Sleep
From Intense Itching.
CURED IN ONE MONTH BY CUTICURA
"When my baby was four months old her
■kin broke out, and I thought it was ring-
worm. I took her to a doctor and he said it
was Eczema. He gave me medicine to give
her, but she kept getting worse all the time,
and you could not tell what she looked like,
her little face and hands were so covered with
gores and large scales. It got under her little
finger nails. She was the worst looking sight
I erer saw. I heard of Ccticcra Remedies,
so I tho*" " l * Tould try them. Before I tried
it at night. She could not
ter I gave her Ccticuka
•hange in a week. It
and she would sleep
'rylnguptheskin
"CcnccKA(oint-
i in one month
. and I don't
<* to let you
She now
beautiful
pie of any
.VDERS,
den, N. J.
.' the akin and
orturinf, dis-
. pimply, or
purity of the
ary, when the
ixa. Disria*
n bath* with
uka, purest
• Coticuxa
tor cure*.
• Cam
"tm.
MASCOT "BOOTS"
HOME FROM MANILA
A Little Hero From the Wars Tells a Graphic Tale of Fight
ing and "Me and Dewey/'
BOOTS" Is with us again. He first came with the Pennsylvania soldiers, sailed with them in the capacity of
mascot to Company B, and having helped them in their rush into the trenches before Manila is in hs name
Knd once mo™ uifsca hed and as modest a lad as when he sold papers and shines on the streets of Plttsburg.
Boo' whSe real name is Robert McDennott. is 13 years old. yet for six of these years he has made at £ast
iioo.s, wuubo jcax ««u hig n and fQr three years he hag been regrarded as the mas
cot of Company B. It was a habit of his to attend the yearly encampments,
and because he was so tiny and so Independent he became a favorite. \Vhen
the regiment was ordered West, the order was construed to include Boots.
The little mascot had not been here long before he attracted attention.
diminutive, and so manly. Only four feet five inches in height, he talked
like a soldier, and the blue in which he was arrayed seemed exactly to suit
Boots told something of his adventures. He had sailed with the regiment June 15, and reached Manila more than
a month later. He was "stationed at Camp Dewey, and had a vivid recollection of the terrible night attack made
on the trenches by the Spaniards.
'•Was I scared?" he replied indignantly. "Naw. I carried ammernltlon to the men. On the 3d of August I came
near gitting hit by a shell, and in about ten days more I marched into Manila with the rest of the men.
"I shook hands with a Spanish baby," he added gleefully, "and shook my fist at a Spanish general. He didn't
mind, though."
"Did you meet Dewey?"
The small chest heaved. "Meet Dewey: Why me and him's friends."
He told of a trip from Manila to Hongkong and back on the Olympia and the kindness of the sailors to him.
They had made him up a purse of $40, and while he was grateful, the fact of having talked with the admiral was
his pride.
So the picture of Boots is printed, and his story. It is not printed to incite anybody to send him back to his
home. The Call will attend to this.
■ playing the stuff under big black head
j lines. The correspondents In question
wen' apparently disappointed yesterday
afternoon when they called at the Health
Office and were Informed of the result of
the autopsy and examination. A choice
story for the yellow Sunday papers was
spoiled.
It should be stated that Dr. Spencer, in
order to confirm the findings made yester
day, has determined to conduct a bac
teriological examination of some of the
tissues taken from the Chinaman's re
mains, and will try to grow bacilli, using
culture ovens for the purpose. If that
Chinaman had any microbes at all in his
composition the doctor expects to find and
classify them. But he does not expect to
discover any of a harmful character.
As a result of the findings made, the
quarantine of Chinatown was declared off
yesterday afternoon.
THE MISSION ZOO.
Programme Arranged for To-Day 's
Performance.
Glen Park is fast becoming one of the
most popular private resorts in the
city, and fills the long-felt want of the
Mission residents for a place of amuse
ment in that section of the city. There
will be a balloon ascent and parachute
jump by Professor Conlon, the daring
aeronaut, to-day, and expert rifle
shooting by Lillian Smith, the cham
pion rille-shot of the -world.
In the free vaudeville amphitheater
a fine programme has been arranged,
consisting of triple horizontal bar work,
acrobatic tumbling, and a musical act,
besides many other feats of merit.
BALDWIN SUPPORTS
HIS NIECE'S CLAIM
MISS SMALLEY WANTS A PaRT
OF THE MURPHY ESTATE,
Ex-Bank Commissioner's Domestic
TTnhappiness Will Be Aired
in Court. _
Before the estate of the late James T.
Murphy, the wealthy San Jose banker
and rancher, is finally distributed all the
skeletons In his family will be brought
into glaring light. He died recently, leav
ing about $250,000 worth of property, and
whether it will be apportioned ' as he
wished will be decided by the courts. He
divided the estate into two parts, £ivinK
half to his daughter, Mrs. Chapman, and
half to a number. of nephews and nieces.
The daughter is not satisfied with this di
vision and will sue for the whole of the
estate, claiming she is the only heir, and
that her father was unduly influenced
by his relatives to make such a dispo
sition of his property.
' There is another dissatisfied- claimant
who will also seek to break the testament
•with the aid of lawyers. Miss -Bertha
Smalley, at present residing in this city
with her brother, believes she has a just
claim to a portion of the property. ' The
young woman claims that she was the af
tianced wife of the deceased and that she
would have been wedded long ago but for
the ■ machinations of Mr. Murphy s • rela
tives For several years she had been the
faithful and affectionate nurse of the de
ceased and remained by his bedside dur
ing his last illness, when his Ovvn family
had deserted him. After his death - the
divorced wife of the , decedent took lull
charge of his effects and forced ■ Miss
Smalley to retire before the funeral was
held. - ■ - -t :■■■■■"■ ■■*•- -i-s'-i-:" • ■-
E. J. Baldwin, an uncle of Miss. Smalley,
was an intimate friend of James T. Mur
phy. The latter always stopped at ~1 ho
Baldwin Hotel when he was in this city.
When told- of the impending lawsuits last
night Mr. Baldwin said:
"If Bertha Smalley got all of Murphy's
estate she would not be repaid for all she
did for him during the latter years of his
life. He was a very hard drinker and she
took care of him and some time ago in
duced him to aDstain entirely. She re
formed the man. 1 understood for a long
time that thsy were to have been mar
ried and I don't know why Murphy failed
to keep his part cf the pledge. 1 believe
he gave Miss Smalley a $10,000 home, In
San Jose— at least I was bo informed. I
don't know much about ■ the case, but I
do know the girl has a just claim to a
portion of his estate."
» ♦ ■
Special Notice.
One application of Smith's Dandruff
Pomade stops itching scalp; three to six
applications removes all dandruff. Price,
60 cents; at all drug stores; sample sent
free by Smith Bros., Fresno, Cal. •
- — — •-. — -
Academic Football.
The Lowell High School defeated the
San Jose Normal School in a game of
football at the Recreation grounds yes»
terday by a score of 11 to 6. The features
of the game were the play of Rooney,
Hooper and Robinson. Symes kicked both
goals for the Lowell High School. The
game was witnessed by a large crowd of
students from both schools.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
In the renewal of old friendships Boots did The Call the honor of a
visit. He might have been taken for a messenger boy, but the uniform was
of a military cut. on the left arm two crossed flags and above this emblem,
in yellow letters, the legend: "Boots. Co. B, 10 Regiment Penna. Vol." Plain
ly his credentials were strictly military. Besides he is too small to be a
messenger. He is only big enough to have gone to the Philippines, to have
marched into a conquered city, and to have shared the glory of the occa-
Boots explained that the title was only a nickname, and that his father
called him Bob. He spoke in a childish voice, but with every indication
that he knew what he was talking about. "I got a 'nonorable discharge,"
he said, "an" I ain't got enough money to git home. I'd like to have my
picture put in The Call so's the Red Cross and such folks '11 know I'm no
bum and give me a ticket home."
The request did not appear unreasonable, and Boots perceiving that he
was In a congenial atmosphere began to talk freely. He had been a passen
ger on the City of Para, and his stock of money consisted of $30. He was
stopping at the California, but realized that Pittsburg was a long way off.
He showed a formal order of discharge, given that he might go home and
to school. Colonel Hawkins had added that Boots was an intelligent and
well-behaved boy entitled to consideration from all Americans. The traveler
Is also fortified with the following letter:
HEADQUARTERS TENTH PENNSYLVANIA INFANTRY, V. S. V.,
MANILA, P. 1.. MILITARY STATION NO. 1.
The bearer, Robert M. McDermott, familiarly known as "Boots," Is a resident
of Pittsburg, Pa.
At the opening of the war, "Boots," having been with my company at the State
Encampment of our National Guard for the past three years, again attached him
self to the company. He has been with us throughout the entire campaign and
marched with our company In the advance on the city on August 13, IS9S.
As our men have experienced a large amount of sickness, and having- an oppor
tunity of securing: his passage to San Francisco. I deem it best that "Boots" be re
moved from the dangers of the city and returned to a more healthful country.
Anything that may be done to secure him his trip across the continent will be
greatly appreciated by those who still remain here. Very respectfully,
A. J. WATSON, Captain Company B, Tenth Pennsylvania Regiment, U. S. V.
HIS CARRER
IN SOCIETY
CUT SHORT
George Newstadt Ar
rested in Oakland.
TRAVELED IN SWELL CIRCLES
ENTERTAINED ROYALLY, BUT
DID NOT ALWAYS PAY.
A Host of Caterers, Livery Men, Flor
ists and Hotel-Keepers 'lYusted
Not Wisely but Too
Well.
George Newstadt, a German marine,
was arrested on Washington street, Oak
land, last night, by Detectives Hodgkins
and Shorey and turned over to Detective
Dillon of this city, who wanted him and
wanted him badly.
The news of Newstadt's arrest will be
received with mingled feelings of joy and
surplrse. Society friends will once again
be shocked and a host of creditors will
chuckle gleefully.
Newstadt arrived in this city some
months ago and managed to secure entree
to good society, and of course, made the
most of it. He at once became known as
ACTOR OSBOURNE A
NEW SANTA CLAUS
To Organize a Society for the Mu
tual Protection of Stage
Children*
/"> EORGE OSBOURNE, the veteran actor, is preparing to assume the
gratifying role of a real live Santa Claus. Osbourne's character Is to
Übe a thoroughly up-to-date one. No furs, no reindeer, no flowing snowy
beard — only the name of the dear old saint and his endearing charac
teristics — love for the little ones with plenty of gifts for all.
Mr. Oabourne's arrangement for the Important role which he is shortly
to assume has been patterned after the more experienced actors of Lon
don, Paris and New York. There dear Kris Krlngle Is known as the head
and front of the society of the "Children of the Stage," and he presides at
its annual Christmas entertainment and helps the members stow away un
limited good things, besides gratifying their hearts' most secret desires.
Mr. Osbourne assisted at the Christmas festival of the "Children of
the Stage" in New York last year, and the noble motive of the society so
impressed him that the actor decided to contribute his mite by assisting in
the organization of a similar society in this city. A week ago Osbourne
made the first move in the touching little game by sending out circulars to
all the local theaters and all tho actors, requesting that they send in the
names of all their stage children, and further that they request the same
children to write to Santa Claus, demanding of the sainted gentleman the
thing or things that each one most desired.
Osbourne has gone into the matter with heart and soul, and his only re
gret is that he has not enough time to devote to the noble and charitable
work. "My plan," said the actor, "Is to make the society one of mutual
advantage and protection. I want to interest the children of the rich in
the children of the stage. I should like the little ones reared amid all
that affluence can give to meet the little ones who labor so hard to please
them. I would gratefully receive the application of an eligible little girl for
president, and consider It an honor to bestow upon her that distinction.
"As in the New York society, I propose to have a Christmas entertain
ment given by the Children of the Stage. This entertainment will be held
during Christmas week at the Alcazar Theater and admission will be by
invitation only. The Christmas tree will be a feature of the affair, and
any donation for the same will be gratefully received. The growth of
the society, I expect, will at first be slow, but as the noble purpose be
comes better known I hope that the organization will increase In mem
bership and its financial resources increase proportionately. My greatest
desire is to see the Children of the Stage endow a cot at the Children's
Hospital."
All the local theatrical people have embraced enthusiastically Mr. Os
bourne's noble purpose, and with the co-operation of the social world which
will surely be forthcoming the Society of the Children of the Stage is bound
to shortly stand upon a foundation of mutual love and protection, backed
by a gratifying condition of the exchequer.
a hig-h roller, who rolled exceedingly high.
Money was apparently no object with
him, expense a thing not to be thought
of and he entertained most lavishly. So
ciety young men flocked to his side and
enjoyed his banquets and society mammas
received him with open arms, while
chaperons snowed their choicest buds and
creditors accepted his "I. O. Us."
The livery stable man, the florist, the
caterer, the hotel keeper and the proprie
tor of the fashionable cafe all fell victims
to his winning ways and empty pockets.
He never patronized anything but the
best houses, and if all reports are true,
sometimes forgot to i>ay. But he made a
good showing. His friends of both sexes
were his guests at driving parties Innu
merable; as a host the choicest viands
and rarest wines tickled the throats of his
guests and the town was ransacked for
flowers choice enough to be presented to
his friends. Only a few days ago he hired
a launch from Henry Peterson and took
a party out on the Bay. Henry's palm U
still itching for the gold which might
have been his and he has tacked up a "no
credit" sign over his desk.
The specific charge to be lodged
against Newstadt Is felony embezzle
ment. He is accused of having borrowed
a sword from an officer and attempted to
dispose of It.
CONCERT BY E. WERNER.
To Be Given Next Wednesday at St.
Markus Church.
Under the direction of E. Werner, the
accomplished and well known organist, a
grand concert will be given next Wednes
day evening at St. Markus Cnurch on
O'Farrell street. Every effort is being
made to select the best talent possible to
assist in the entertainment and thus f;ir
a perfect programme has been arranged
for rendition before the music-loving pub
lic of the city. The programme as it will
be produced is aa follows:
Fantasie and Fuge, duet for pipe organ, (a)
Adagio. <h) Andante, ie) Fuge, Andrew Craw
fort Love and Ernst Werner; hymn, "Jesus,
Lover of My Soul," church choir and organ,
Miss Lily L. Roeder, soprano, Mrs. W. H.
Schmied. alto. W. J. Horstmann. tenor, and
H. A. Welchhart. bass (by request); violin
solo with ogran accompaniment, (a.) Largo, (b)
Air. Julius A. Haug, violinist, and Ernst War
ner, organist; concerto, C minor, "Allegro O">n
Brio (arranged for two pianos), E. Werner and
A. C. Love; soprano solo, "Loreley, 1 Mtus Lily
L. Roeder; "Songs of Love," Nos. 1, 6. 6,
piano duet and ladles' chorus, piano— Miss Min
na Benker and A. C. Love, first BODranoi.—
Miss Prlscilla Davies and Miss Anita Schmied,
second sopranos— Miss Marie Krueckel and
Miss Aurora Artlgues, first altos— Miss Myrtle
Watkins and Miss Ada Schmled. second altos—
Mra. W. H. B. Schmied and Miss Alice Server
ance; recitation, "The Spinning Wheel, Miss
Myrtle Watkins; motifs will be collected and
handed to E. Werner for improvisation— please
sign your paper; violin solo, (a) ' Romanze .n
G major, (») "Nocturne" In E flat major, (c)
"Zigeunerwisen," Julius A. Kaug; organ duet.
"War March of the Priests" (from "Athalla ).
Alvln Maas and E. Werner; duet and chorus
from "Athalla,'" Miss Anita f-chmeid, soprano.
Miss Ada Schmeld, alto, and the church choir,
organ accompaniment by Mrs. Anna Werner
Doyal; "Roosevelt Rough Riders." ("Lutzow s
Wilde Jagd 1 '). duet for two pianos, Andrew
Crawfort Love and Ernst Werner; soprano
solo, (a) "Delight," (b) "Norse Maid's La
ment," Miss Lilly L. Roeder; ladles" chorus.
"Angels' Lullaby," E. Werner's ensemble
class, organ accompaniment, Mrs. Anna W er
ner Doyal. _______^___ —
SUNSET LIMITED.
STARTS ON ITS INITIAL TBIP
TUESDAY NEXT.
Will Bun Semi-Weekly for the Join
ing Winter Season Between San
Francisco and New Orleans.
On Tuesday next at 10 p. m. the
Southern Pacific's great train. "Sun
set Limited," will start on its initial
trip of the season for New Orleans,
and continue thereafter twice a week
in both directions until probably the
middle or last of April next.
This is the fifth season of this mag
nificent and justly celebrated train, and
all that portion of the first class travel
ing public which has any relation
whatever with California welcomes its
reappearance with rejoicing and
thanksgiving.
Sunset Limited Is different from all
other trains. First of all, it is the very
highest achievement of the science of
transportation, and It is by no means
a mere meaningless advertising license
to characterize it as the finest railroad
train in regular service in the world.
Then the service! People who travel
need not be told of the thousand and
one annoyances that beset them from
start to finish in the ordinary methods
of traveling. ISone of that on Sunset
Limited. A trip on that train is more
than a pleasure; it is a great novelty.
The Southern Pacific has never lost
sight of the desirability of California as
a winter residence for people in the
East, who could not endure the rigors
of Eastern climate. It has long real
ized, too, that its southern route, famil
iarly known as the Sunset route, is
without exception the most desirable
road leading into the State for travel in
cold weather. California is a long way
from the East, and many who would
otherwise be glad to spend their win
ters here stayed away rather than face
the trying ordeal of getting here.
The one thing needful, therefore, to
make the natural tie between Califor
nia and the East binding and
Indissoluble was the means of get-,
ting here with absolute ease and com
fort. This has all been solved by Sun
set Limited. That magnificent flying
palace is exactly as comfortable and
luxurious and enjoys as many conve
niences between San Francisco and
New Orleans as the finest apartments
in the finest hotel in California, and it
doesn't cost a cent more than traveling
in first class trains of other lines. You
don't have to buy daily papers or mag
azines or literature of any kind any
where en route; writing material is
supplied in abundance; the ladies have
a waiting maid in constant attendance;
gentlemen have a barber shop an"
bathroom; both luxurious parlors and
observation apartments, in which to
lounge and be sociable; and the grade
of living afforded by the exquisite din
ing car will hardly bear description for
fear of seeming exaggerated. The
severest injunction Is placed upon the
train operatives to not only be vigilant
in keeping away all annoyances to pas
sengers but even to anticipate their
wishes and pleasure and treat them as
though they were entertaining guests.
That sort of thing didn't have to con
tinue long to spread the fame of the
Limited and endear it to the heart of
every traveler, nor is it surprising to
hear many of our visitors say that they
come to California every winter as
much for the pleasure of the trip as the
visit.
It is in this way that Sunset Limited
is so closely related to California. It is
distinctly Californian. It was born
here, is a true native product, enjoys
the superior quality, enterprise and
pride of California, and has done more,
it might almost be said, than any other
single cause to spread California's glo
rious fame and endear her to all the
world.
Sunset Limited is worthy of the
patronage of all Californians. It will
leave San Francisco every Tuesday and
Saturday at 10 p. m. for New Orleans,
and connect there with through limited
trains for all narts of the South and
East.
DEATH LTJRKED IN PELI^3.
The Peculiar Fate of Viola Cooney, a
One-Year-Old Child.
Viola, the year-old daughter of James
J. Cooney, residing at 326 Thirteenth
street, died at her home last evening from
eating pills which she picked up from
the floor.
The mother and the little girl had been
visiting in Redding and returned but two
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Dress Silks
We announce a sale of stylish silks at low
prices, considering the exceptional quality of
the goods.
They are rich, heavy and lustrous; in the
colors and patterns that you willllike; values
that you will appreciate.
All silk "Taffeta Louisine" Black and white effects In
24 inches wide; in Yale blue Taffetas, your choice of several,
with white stripes ; wou Id be designs in stripes, bayaderes,
good value for $1.25 a yard, - plaids and checks,
>«« 100 ?sc, $1, 1. 25,
and lit/v/ a yard.
RIBBONS
Five inch all silk satin faced taffeta ribbon, suitable for almost
all purposes for which ribbon can be used; worth: 50 cents a yard,
but the price now is
O/V '.* '
30c
Goods now on display in our windows.
I2S to 131 Kearny St.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
extraordinarFvalues
alldepartmentsl
40 pieces New Styles and Colorings in
PLAID TAFFETA SILK- $LOO Yard
An elegant line of NEW STRIPED and
FIGURED BLACK MOHAIR CREPONS
$2.00 Yard
60 pieces GENUINE FRENCH SERGES, in
a full line of New Fall Shades
6Oc Yard
LADIES' FANCY SILK MOREEN SKIRTS,
in plaids, stripes and checks
35.00 Each
A large shipment of NEW TAFFETA RIB-
BONS, extra quality, full 3± inches
Wide, all shades 2Oc Yard
50 pieces FANCY FLANNELS, New Styles,
both dark and roediurn colorings
4OcYard
EIDERDOWN COMFORTERS, with French
printed sateen covering and corded
edges $5.00 Each
2 cases GENTS' SHETLAND MERINO
VESTS and DRAWERS, full finished
Each
LADIES' GLORIA SILK UMBRELLAS, with
natural wood and Dresden Randies..
$2.00 Each)
100 dozen GENTS' HEMSTITCHED and
INITIALED HANDKERCHIEFS, all pure
linen 25c Each;
111, 113, 115, 117, 119, 121 POST STREET.
days ago. While unpacking a trunk Mrs.
Cooney left the pills, which had been
purchased for ague medicine, lying on
the floor. The child found them and ate
several of them. She became very ill and
Dr Van Meter was summoned to attend
her, but she died before he reached the
house. The parents waived an Inquest
and Deputy Coroner O'Brien allowed the
body to remain at the house.
Conlan Served His Own Warrants.
When Secretary Kane attempted to
serve warrants on the disreputable women
in Bacon place last night they were ad
vised by Attorney Ach to resist arrest and
compel the officers to force them to leave
their rooms. Mr. Kane telephoned to
Judge Conlan, who settled the matter by
serving the warrants hijnself. When the
women were all out he drove every
body out of the alley and closed it. All
the 'women have been arrested before ana
many of them twice, and are out on
bonds.
The Harbor View Sensation.
Frank J. Laeremans, partner of S. A.
Wells of the Union Transfer Company,
surrendered himself at the City Prison
yesterday and was booked on a charge of
assault to murder. Laeremans admitted
that he was with Wells when Wells' little
#irl was taken from "Con" McAuliff's
house at Harbor View a week ago, but
denied that he represented himself as a
Deputy Sheriff. He also denied that eith
er he or Wells fired a shot at McAuliff or
anybody else. He was released on $1000
bonds. Wells' case was called in Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday and contin
ued till to-morrow.
I CASH OR LITTLE-AT-A-TIMB.
H 3C/V\f\& IS COMING.
B You may think it a little early to mention lAti,
H but you've heard of the successful achieve-
M menu of that '-early bird," haven't you t
I *S S ■'S' ' V * Bit ST:
1 MUSIC CABINETS
B IN OAK OR MAHOGANY,
H HIGHLY POLISHED.
M ON SPECIAL SALE THIS WEEK.
Ej Our Xmas goods are unpacked. IV* nU
3 substantially go.cxl furniture in every ten**
a of the toord— furniture that you may feel
3 .proud of and all tiny priced. We store ffiftt
fa to be delivered in seasonable time.
I J. NOON AN,
Ej Complete House-Furnisher.
H 1017 to 1023 MISSION ST.
m Above Sixth.
H Phone South 14. Open Evening*.
A MOST INTERESTING
COLLECTION of HOLl-
day gifts on sale.
Opticians ko^ a k gencvi
642 Market St.
CHRONICLE BUILDING-*
:/ WE EMPLOY NO AGENTS.
0 O O OOOOOOOOOOOOQ
gw PALACE wJ
ICRAND hotels*
J: bam FAAjtcraco, 2
" Connected by a covered passageway. ™
D 1400 Rooms— 9oo With Bath Attached. Q
O Ail Under Ono Management. C
A NOTE THE PRICES: /» ,
6 European PIan. SI .OO per day and upward !.
D American Plan.f3.OO per day and upward 9
n Correspondence Solicited. fl
£ JOSH 0. KIEEPA7BICK, Mutgw.
Q.O QQ OQQQQQ&QOQQ
POhleluwter'a E««l!ih Di« en d Bra.4. •'-
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-Kff^W .j®^ 1 ™* 1 and Only Genuine. ' A
IB^ieSir'-oiJ Brun.J In Red and Gold met»l!ic^@^
4^ SIT" 1 •"»!•>» "Itli blue ribbon. Tmke V^
' Tl •* SWno other. Refute dangerous rubttitu. V
1/ fK tun* and imitations. At Dr»(giiti, or 4«.
I 2^ lift *J ■ t ? ni l >t for portlcnlari, tutimonltU »n*
\ v fp M K P, c' for 1.a.11e»." in Utter, by nlin
— _/l^_ Mall. 10.000 Tettlmonlali. jfacui Paper.
feu i~T,'T ''''<»ter Chemical B«urt^
fcld bj all Loe»l OruggUU. PHTT. A «>£. fAf
DRMCNULTI
n"»HIS WELL-KNOWN AND EELI ABLE OLD '
■■- »pecliUlstc«r« Private. Nervous, and Blood Dls.
eases of Men only. Book on Private Diseases and
\\eaknessesofMen,free. Over 20y'rs' experience.
patients cured at Home. Terras reasonable. HourisO
to 3 dally; 6:30 to 8:30 ev'gs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consul-
: tauon free and sacredly coniidentlaL Call.oraddreat
P. ROSCOE McNULTY, M.D.,
26^ Kearny St.. San Francisco. Cal«
Weekly Call, $1.50 per YearTHE CALL Sunday Edition
When Lucky Baldwin Saw His $3, 000, 000 Go Up in Smoke
Eventful Life of a Mam Who 'Began With Nothing, Blundered on to a
Small Fortune, Ran It Up to Millions and Saw His Life
Work Vanish In an Hoar.
. On the night of the m '.„•.-••.«* i ««,"'.Vww' Ratdwln and his daughter were awakened and; dragged from the flaming rooms Just;; -'in ,time itosave> their lives.
N old man wandered disconsolate on the edg-e of the
throng. Fire cast a glow upon thousands of up-
I J turned faces. All were eagerly, fearfully watching
I^l the great building robed in flame. A shudder swept
I across the multitude when at some lofty window
# would appear a form, framed with smoke. There
would be a shout as brave men went to the rescue. A
hero was seen to save three women, helpless but for him.
Then he sought to save himself, and death reached out
of the pyre and clutched him. There were screams and sobs.
From adjacent buildings, horrifieri yet entranced, people
gazed upon a scene so terrible that ever the memory of it
shall be with them.
The old man stood for a moment as if fascinated.
About him rained the ashes of his hopes. A fiery shower
pattered and hissed in the puddles at his feet. Deeper
wrinkles came into his face. He seemed to grow visibly
aged as the awful moments passed. Was it that his mil
irons were flying on wings of flame? Was it at the thought
that when he had reared himself a towering monmnent
of lath and plaster he had made a trap and a tomb? At
last the trap had been sprung. After many years the
tomb had been seared of its paint and gilding and yawned,
heated, horrible and wide, for Its victims. With shriek
and prayer they vainly resisted.
People looked at the old man and said: "That's Bald
win." „
It was Baldwin. "Lucky" he had been called in the
days when all he touched seemed to turn to gold, when
mines and stocks rolled wealth into his lap, when his realty
doubled and trebled in value, when his horses could not
lose; and now, when his fortune has shrunk, a great mort
gage covers his possessions, the petty tradesman brings
suit, when there is no ready money and no credit and tne
Baldwin Hotel, his pride, is a blackened wreck, he will
still be known as "Lucky." The old significance Is gone.
The term is one merely of identification.
The history of E. J. Baldwin is strange, as individual
histories go, yet it is familiar to this coast, where he has
been an important figure in the financial world. He came
here without money, worked at what he could find to do,
hoarded, speculated in modest fashion and returned from
a trip to Australia to find that he was a magnate. Cer
tain stocks had been left with a broker to be disposed of
if they reached a certain price. These had been locked
in a safe, or Baldwin had forgotten to sign the order, or
at least the broker was unable to carry out the directions
o? the principal. So the stocks, remaining unsold, rose by
leaps and bounds. By the time Baldwin had them In his
hands again they were gond on the market for many times
more than the amount an avarice-tinted dream had led
him to think they might realize. Soon he was engaged
with all the fervor of an enthusiasm newly awakened in
adding to his store. He did not hesitate at risks from
which the prudent would have held back, and they all
resulted as he planned and wished. He became mighty
enough to fight Flood and O'Brien, and after one of his
notable turns could have retired with $18,000,000. This was
the top-notch in his monetary triumph.
In his mining speculations Baldwin was never ham
pered by conscience. With a given object in view noth
ing could swerve him. There were ugly stories of the
way in which he and his associates manipulated the stocks
SAN FRANCISCO, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
into which eager imitators, inspired by his glittering suc
cess, had poured their meager savings. Perhaps these
stories were true. Similar tales have been true in every
great excitement which has brought riches to the few and
penury to the many.
A climax had to be reached. Baldwin got out of the
Comstock in time, and the accumulations were invested
in various channels, all remunerative. He bought the
ground where until a few days ago the Baldwin Hotel
reared itself, a huge tinder box built on graceful lines.
The site was far from the center of the city then. Friends
told Baldwin he was crazy, but he was shrewd; he seemed
to have read the future, and he laughed at their counsel.
The city came to the hotel, then went far beyond, until
to-day the site Is practically the center of San Francisco,
and by all odds the most valuable piece of realty within
its bounds. The owner took much satisfaction in the hotel
and the theater It contained. He was vain enough to give
his name to both. He had an almost childish fancy for
bedecking their interiors with gaudy ornamentation. The
rotunda of the hotel was bright with color, and swinging
lamps of censor shape lighted it through strangely tinted
glass. There was an abundance of variegated marble.
The doors were heavily paneled so as to give the aspect
of being weighted with jewels. The entire cos^t to Baldwin
was $3,000,000. But even at so recent a date as 1873 archi
tecture was far from its present state of advancement.
The stately structure was shoddy. From basement to the
topmost .rafter it was an invitation to fire. All this defect
was covered, but it was known. The Baldwin Hotel was
as dangerously inflammable as a Chinese laundry, which
is considered so great a risk that no company will insure it.
• • *
It was two days after the fire. Some of the dead had
been removed. The tottering walls still stood, a menace,
the gigantic plaything of any chance breeze. Curious
crowds gazed, regardless of their peril, and the police had
to drive them back. From the chaos inside, the riot of
broken and blackened timber, the twisted pipes, the piles
of brick, nothing had been taken. The secrets held in the
depths of this unspeakable confusion were well held. Now
and then a sullen haze of smoke would curl upward from
the chasm into which one could look through breached
masonry, or with resounding clatter a loosened pillar would
be hurled from the swaying heights. Murky water was
being drawn from the Grotto where the merriment had
been wont to reign.
Mr. Baldwin had gone home. His ample house on
California street is comfortable and luxurious. There he
was found in the evening with- his daughters. Was he
downcast? Not in the least. The past he ignored, and
the future he faced as determined and unflinching as years
ago he had faced the directors of a bank and at the point
of a pistol compelled them to his will.
"I am tired," he said, "not disheartened. It was a
shock, of course, and I have been around trying to find
some personal property. I feel all right to-night and only
need a little rest."
"Teß, dad," said the younger daughter, "you must be
tired," and he answered her with a caress.
"You know," he went on, "that we had a narrow es
cape ourselves. Familiar as we were with the place and
bo near the ground, we could hardly find our way. That
was the fault of the firemen. So far as everything else
was concerned they did noble work, but they made a mis
take In turning off the electric lights. If this had not been
done I do not believe there would have been a fatality.
People were naturally confused, and in the darkness they
were helpless."
On this phase of the subject Mr. Baldwin was positive,
nor would he assent to the suggestion that some exigency
of the fire itself had extinguished the lights.
"They say," continued he, "that this fire has ruined
me financially, but they are entirely mistaken. I have
already had offers of all the backing necessary. That cor
ner is not only the best piece of property in the city, but
the best in the world. This Philippine annexation will
cause it to double in value. I could sell the corner for
enough to clear oft! every mortgage on anything I own.
Then I could go to my ranch and take life easy."
He paused a moment and thought. "But I do not care
to take life easy," he resumed. '"I want to see go up at
that corner a splendid hotel. It shall be the finest that
money can build." His eye kindled at the idea. "It shall
be eight stories high, all steel and iron, no wood except
the doors and window frames. There will be a great
arcade running from Market to Ellis, with a magnificent
rotunda. The cafe will seat 1500 people and the profit from
that alone would be $200,000 a year. The lease on the hotel
that burned had two years longer to run and then I had
expected to clear from the hotel at least $175,000 a year."
Here were vast plans, in the mind of a man who had
lived of years three score an 4 ten, whose life had been
marked by struggle and by triumph! and upon whose
whitened locks adversity had fallen, yet who was not dis
mayed. He struck the observer as a wonderful old man,
one who stood in the twilight and still felt the impulses
born of the morning sun. Ambition is as of yore,
hope seems as radiant. Without a tremor he faces the
future as though it stretched before him an indefinite
vista, each season certain to be crowned with the fruits
of endeavor. He had no word of repining for the loss, in
deed refused to regard it as a discouragement. And if deep
in his heart there was a pang that the house he had
erected to be his monument should have caused the death
of the innocent, he made no sign; no, the turning out ct
the light had been the cause, and the firemen had done
this. No word of the tortuous passages in which the de
spairing had groped, the lath and piaster which environed
them until it burst into blazing.
* • •
As to the financial standh.ar of E. J. Baldwin now
I' ere are few who know and they are not of a communi
cative sort. For years he has been hard pressed. !f one
could judge by the suits filed against him, the mortgages
held by moneyed institutions, the pledging of chattels.
There Is a mortgage on the Baldwin site, on the great
Santa Anita ranch. There are judgments unsatisfied,
liens, actions pending and threatened. Either Baldwin
has been without money, or with the obstinacy which is
characteristic of him, he enjoys litigation more than he
does- the paying of debts.
As to the personal reputation of the man, charity might
pass it by. He has not been used to respond to the call
of need. He has never been regarded as generous. When
he has spent coin freely it has been in some scheme of
gain or aggrandizement. The gain has dwindled, the ag
grandizement never became more than notoriety. The
association of Baldwin with women has been a series of
shameful scandals. This more than any other one thing
has made him virtually friendless.
He was shot at in open court by the sister of one girl
he had wronged, and the only comment was in the form
of expressions of regret that the bullet missed. He has
sworn that his own reputation w.as so unholy and so well
understood that none led astray by his blandishments had
a right to set up the plea of deception, because he had
lost power to deceive. His pride has not extended^ to the
safeguarding of his own name. According to the ethics
of society he is an outlaw whom none of the other sex
may meet without reproach. The doors of respectability
have long been closed to him. He has never cared. Thus
he may account, if the matter occur to him, for the ab
sence of sympathy. If aid be extended it will be solely
on a business basis.
* • *
There is the crash of falling beams. The smoked and
blistered remnant of the Baldwin is coming to earth.
Upon the stage where tragedy and comedy thrilled and
amused the debris is piling high. From the pitiful wreck
will come scarcely enough plunder to tempt the junkman.
And to another, a man not equipped with the dauntless
nerve which has marked Baldwin's career, the wreck of
the owner would be as complete as the ruin of the property.18
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALANI`S LAST STRUGGLE: To Get Possesion of the Crown Lands of Hawaii
THEY`RE WORTH $7,000,000
THE most pathetically dignified
•woman in all America, she
sits crownless, scepterless and
regal. In the plainly fur
nished room to which she brings
an atmosphere of fallen gran
deur. She has lost her scepter, crown
and lands, but she has inherited that
from her blue-blooded ancestors of
which no republic could rob her. Self
respect clothes her as with a garment.
No note of complaint can be detected in
thf> well-chosen, musically toned Eng
lish phrases that fall from her lips.
Albeit surrounded by a small circle of
ardent sympathizers, to whom her con
fidences would be sacred, she has no
bitter word for those who have so
cruelly injured her. Even of the suf
fering American soldiery thrust upon
her fair land she only speaks with the
tender pity of a great heart. She has
gone through the training school of.
Buffering to learn the divine lesson of
forgiveness and looks upon the harsh
present with the large-eyed glance of
one who has a glorious past to gaze
upon. It is that past which invests her
with her sanctity of fallen grandeur;
its ghosts hang around her with an in
tangible glory. They place an invisible
crown upon her brow, they drape an
invisible mantle of royalty upon her
shoulders, and her small brown hand
still closes on an invisible scepter of
which death alone shall rob her. Calm,
stately and retrospective, in a little
ro< m of a big San Francisco hotel, she
recalls a noble chatelaine of, the old re
gime, unshaken by the tumult of the
Reign of Terror, with naught but higl
born pity on her persecutors.
But behind the chatelaine the woma
shelters; and the crushed, insulted wo
man, keenly alive to personal sympa
thy, reveals herself in the sudden
dimmed eyes, in the mobile, quiverin
. lips, as her plight tapering hand
kissed with that reverence which
more instinctive toward royalty falle
than royalty triumphant.
Liliuckalani, Queen in heart and 1
her nation's love, has one queenly mis
left which she seeks to fulfill. De
barred from helping her people, sh
strives to keep alive the national spir
by preserving the national tradition
Poet, musician and historian, she n
longer pours out the bitterness of he
soul in verse, neither does she let he
pen run on subjects which might pro
yoke dissension, but her musical gi
remains and she devotes it to the caus
of national song. The long-drawn-ou
plaintive, monotonous airs in whic
Hawaii has for generations given utter
anee. to Its joys and sorrows, are no
easy to convey in musical notation
t-ven professional composers are apt to
look upon the attempt as hopeless. But
that from which the professional for
eigner has shrunk the native Queen
has accomplish* d.
"I think I ha\-e succeeded at last,"
slie says, with a gratified smile. "I
hav< able to interpret those
prolonged semi-quavers which seemed
bo baffling, and the results are soon t
be publishi-<i. '
"Your Majesty has done a grea
thing fur the nation."
"1 do not know whether I have don
anything at all for my nation," sh
answers wistfully. "The younger gen
eration seem to be growing up withou
tor these things; th^y even con
ceal their knowledge of them. Foreign
influence? Yes. 1 daresay it is for
eign influence that teaches them to 100
upon national customs as barbaric. Bu
I am glad to have preserved some >>'.
our national characteristics for pos
terity."
"But," queries a doubting listenei
"will foreigners be able to render tha
music from notation."
There is a sudden flash in the soft
brown eyes and a perceptible sarcasm
.in the melodious voice which answer
softly:
"They can try."
Probably Her Majesty has heard "My
Honolulu Lady" whistled under th
palms which had listened to her ances
tors' chaunts.
Yet is the Queen no narrow conser
vative; where chanero is synonymou
with progress she welcomes change
"Nay, 1 do not regret our gras
houses," she says in allusion to th
substitution of weatherboards for th
simple native huts. "The time fo
them has gone, a foreign population
and trade have introduced new condi
tions, new insects, which demand new
precautions.
"New insects, your Majesty?"
"Undoubtedly; timber, hay and othe
forei-n products have introduced un
pleasant visitors, from which we suf
fer in many ways."
Then we learn that even the rose
wont to grow so luxuriously in Hawaii
has succumbed to the invasion of th
Japanese gray beetle, which attacks in
sidiously at night. Whenever you now
see a Hawaiian garden adorned with
the nightingale's flower you may be
sure that a careful gardener draws, at
nightfall,^* mosquito curtain round
each plant, as a protection from the
foe. But there be other destroyers
from which no mosquito netting can
''How do the American soldiers get.
on with the natives?" I saked.
"Very well, Indeed," answers the
■\ — >rm who has scant reason for lov
iner Americ i soldiers. "The natives
opened their houses nnd made them
welcome; but those poor men were so
hungry; oh, dear, they were all so very
hungry they could never have enoueh.
and so they took every fruit they saw;
the fruit trees are now bare."
"They trespassed on private prop
" Wherever there was a yard with
even one cocoanut tree they swarmed
up and stripped it of fruit; they left
nothing that they could touch."
"And that v.as allowed?"
"It was not allowed," said the Queen
with her quiet smile, "but it was done
How could it be helped? Those Door
men were so hungry. And then they
CROWNS WORTH
MILLIONS.
According to the Court Jeweler, pub
lished in Germany, the crown that
adorned Queen Wllhelmina of Holland
on her coronation, and which was once
stolen and regained, is valued at 1600 -
■ 000.
This is not the only crown that has
had an adventure. Prince Drago
grandnephew of Isabelle, former Queen
of Spain, visited America a few years
ago for the purpose of regaining the
crown the Queen had disposed of.
Much to his chagrin, he found that it
had been bought up as a valuable addi
tion to the jewels of the Countess de
CaptPllane. daughter of the late Jay
Gould. The price paid for it was $125 -
000.
Queen Victoria's crown Is set with
2500 diamonds, 233 pearls and a most
extraordinary ruby. The crown is val
ued at $1,600,000.
The crown of Portugal is said to be
worth $6,200,000.
The crown worn by the Emperor of
Austria was made 800 years ago for
Stephan TI. King of Hungary. It
weighs fourteen pounds, has flfty
three sapphires, fifty rubies, one
smaragd and thirty-three pearls.
All these jewels are trifles compared
with some of the . Oriental royal head-
Pear. The jubilee jewel nf the Sultan of
Johore. in Malacca, for instance, is val
ued at U4.000.000.
STORY OF THE NEW
UNITED CENTRAL AMERICA
Very Recently Three of the Powerful States of Central America Combined in a Federation. Rebellions at Once Broke Out and Now the Whole Country Is Raging Like a
Volcano. Who the New Leaders Are and Their Objects Is Told Below. '
PANAMA, Nov. 21.— Late advices from Salvador, via Nicaragua, indicate
that the revolt is more serious than first thought. It may involve all
five Central American States in a general conflagration. According
to advices the object of the movement is not the overthrow of the Federal
republic, which was organized November 1, at Amapala. It is said to be
personal Bpite on the part of Regalado, the leader of the rebel troops.
The rebels are now in possession of all the departments with the excep
tion of La Union and San Miguel, the latter the stronghold of Horacio Vil
lavicencio, who was a candidate in opposition to Regalado. Carlos Melen
dez, the popular candidate, is also taking active part. The Feaeral Govern
ment Is hurriedly mobilizing its forces to inarch against Regalado. Hon
duras sends 4000 and Nicaragua 4000 men. The movement is backed by
capitalists who are well-known military men. Cable censorship has been
established.
SALVADOR quivers under the fire
of rebel guns. General Tomas
Regalado, commander in chief of
the rebel forces, has proclaimed
himself conqueror.
His adversaries are plentiful and
powerful.
There Is Gutierrez, President of Sal
vador and commander of the official
army.
There Is Carlos Melendez, one of the
richest and most powerful men in Sal
vador.
There Is Horacio Villavicencio, Gov
ernor of San Miguel and sworn enemy
of Regalado.
And above all there is the concen
trated power of the new United States
of Central America.
Against these forces stands Tomas
Regalado with his allies. To-day he is
master of the situation.
Yesterday he was but the puppet of !
Gutierrez.
To-morrow, Quien sabe?
For though the rebel forces are now]
in control, the opposition haa not yet i
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
made the full measure of its strength
felt. Nicaragua and Honduras have
sent 8000 men, well armed, but as yet
they have not reached Salvador. Mod
ern methods of transporting troops are
not available there, and the progress of
the unmounted troops is of necessity
dangerous]}- slow.
Gutierrez, Melendez and Villavicen
cio have combined, but so far Regalado
has been able to crush their concerted
efforts.
They have money, official power, the
regular army and ammunition.
But Regalado has Santa Ana. The
men of Santa Ana boast that they make
and unmake presidents. They are' men
of might and muscle. When Santa Ana
declares itself for a certain candidate
his election is assured, for in Central
America political problems are gener
ally settled by a revolution. And San
ta Ana warriors are the bravest and
boldest. Regalado is himself a native
of Santa Ana; therefore to a man. Santa
Ana is fighting for Regalado.
Regalado and his forces claim that the
object of their movement is the over
throw of the Federal Republic, which
was organized November 1 last.
The United States of Central America
was formed of Nicaragua, Salvador
and Honduras. (
EX-QUEEN LILIUOKALy\JMI.
From a rccont photograph.
This changed the aspect of the De
cember elections. The candidates who
were aspiring for the Presidency of
Salvador were forced to seek the Gov
ernorship instead. Salvador by the
new treaty was but a State in the
Union.
There were three candidates for the
coveted position. Gutierrez, the incum
bent, declared that he had no desire
to serve another term.
Of the three desiring the office Melen..
dez was by far the most popular. He
had the support of rich and poor alike.
He had proven that he had the coun
try's good at heart when in 1889 he ne
gotiated a loan with England and re
fused to accept the proffered commis
sion. Until he entered the race the
chances looked about equal between
Regalado and Villavicencio, the two
other candidates.
Regalado, it was believed, had the
secret support of Gutierrez.
Villavicencio, as Governor of San Mi
guel, had a strong following.
But when Melendez consented to run
it was generally conceded that he would
not- have the slightest difficulty in de
feating the other candidates.
Villavicencio and Regalado became
threatening. Their resignations, the
one as Governor and the other as in
spector of the army, were officially de
manded.
But Regalado's resignation was
printed in the official paper with flat
tering comments on the character and
ability of the man. This was in keep
ing with the marked preference Gutier
rez has always shown Regalado. And
Regalado showed his appreciation by
starting a revolution.
Then for the first time Gutierrez took
a stand against him. For Regalado,
stone deaf and a heavy drinker, had
heretofore been a prime favorite. Gu
tierrez forgave him his misdemeanors
and cherished an affection toward him
strange and unchangeable. Some said
it was because Regalado suffered exile
with Gutierrez after his first attempt
against the rule of the Ezetas. The man
who shared the ill fortune of Gutierrez
was given the lion's share when for
tune favored him.
Others said Gutierrez countenanced
the vagaries of Regalado because he
was "flojo" (weak).
Regalado was the commander in
chief of the army. While on a drunken
bout some of his intoxicated henchmen
questioned his power.
"I will show you." said Regalado. He
led them to the fort.
"Who goes?" called the sentry.
"Regatado and his followers."
"Regalado can enter. The others re
main outside."
So his companions waited while Rega
lado entered the fort.
"Do you know who I am?" he asked
the general in command.
"Certainly, sir."
"Do you recognize my authority?"
"Certainly, sir," again responded the
general.
"Will you do my bidding?"
"Certainly, sir."
"Then," said Regalado, "I declare
myself President. Release the fort to
me."
"But that is unlawful. I " Rega
lado slid into a chair, and then the gen
eral saw that the self-proclaimed
President had been drinking.
The conscientious general telephoned
Regalado's treacherous proposal to Gu
tierrez.
"He must be drunk," said Gutierrez.
"He is," responded the general.
"Fix him up a soft bed and let him
sleep it off," commanded Gutierrez.
"Flojo," said the people of Salvador
when they heard it.
Regalado furnished arms to Castillo
in the Guatemalan trouble. This was
in direct violation of the treaty of neu
trality. Gutierrez was forced to dis
charge Regaiado, but he immediately
gave him another position.
"Flojo," again said the people of Sal
vador.
Regalado was forced to resign from
this position because of hia attitude
during the political campaign. But the
resignation was officially printed with
flattering encomiums.
"Flojo," said Salvador.
, But wfcien baffled in his political as
pirations Regalado took up arms. Then
at last Gutierrez proved that he could
be oiher than "fio-jo."
He* has rallied the forces and is de
termined to put down Regalado. Carlos
Melendez and Villavlcencio are aiding
him and the forces from the other
States in the union are daily expected.
But at present Regalado, with Santa
Ana as his stronghold, is master of the
situation.
What will to-morrow bring forth in
this turbulent country? Quien sabe?
• • *
NOW come the United States of
Central America, a nation which
has arisen out of mucn revolu
tion. It is composed of Nica
ragua, Salvador and Hcyidurae,
which have at various times done a
little fighting together and against each
other. The seat of Government was
moved last week from Amapola, the
temporary capital, to Chinandega, in
Nicaragua. A constitution, which is
practically that of our own country.
was adopted early this month. So the
new nation, pocketed between Guate
mala and Costa Rica, two States not
parti ularly friendly to it, has begun
its existence.
Enthusiasts have been singing of the i
are so sick: ah, so very sick. They all
need to leave; it is pitiful to see I
dying every day."
"And was it not possible to
healthier camp?"
"The camp seemed healthy,
was supposed to be nothing wrong with
It, and it was the only sp
enough. But when you dig- :
feet you find water; that is no u table
camping ground for so many men;
there were 300TVof them."
"And not one needed," cries an indig
nant voice; "no soldiers were necessary
in Hawaii."
"Pardon me." Once more there Is a
touch of sarcasm in the Queen's tone.
"They were needed to protect the white
people against the natives."
The natives! The wronged, robbed,
impoverished natives, who only asked
to be left in the enjoyment of their'own.
happy patriarchal life; the debonair,
unambitious, easy-going natives, too
gentle and unrevengeful to dream of
rising against the oppressor. It was ou
these that a foreign soldiery must ba
thrust, to pillage their small posses
sions and view their poverty.
For the Hawaiian of to-day is poor,
very poor, sometimes hard-pressed for
food. *'But you know what my people
are," said their ex-Queen; "they may
lack everything, they still smile and
sing and look happy."
"But what has caused this Increase
of poverty? Bad seasons?"
"Not at all; it is the result of Immi
gration which has taken so many re
sources out of the Hawaiian's hands.
He used to depend mainly on fish; now
the Japanese comes along with nets
and almost destroys our fish supply.
The same holds good of our taro and
many other things. Then again in the
labor market the Chinaman is every
where; he is dressmaker, washerman — ■
Indeed, there is little left for the Ha
waiian to hold or to earn."
There is a puzzling reserve In Liliuo
kalani's speech, but further explana
tion is speedily vouchsafed by one
present, whose heart rises to his lips, a,
speaker with the authority of experi
ence and the freedom of fidelity, for be
has suffered imprisonment, sentence of
death and banishment in the Queena
cause.
"There is another reason that your
Majesty perhaps purposely omits," ho
comments — "the political. A native who
is known to have national or monarch
ical sympathies, one who has not taken
the oath of allegiance, is denied work
on every pretext; he is practically sub
jected to petty persecution; everything
is done to deprive him of a means of
livelihood and to harm him and those
belonging to him. Your Majesty can
corroborate what I assert?"
A hot flush rises to the dark cheek.
"I can say more," comes the swift an
*wer. "If I, taking the oath of allegi
ance, strive to help some friend who
has not taken it, I shall be made to
suffer for his omission. We may not
even choose our affections."
"And in spite of this how many na
tives have taken it?"
"Very few," the words ring proudly
and sadly through the room; "from two
to three thousand at the outside."
"And for the rest, there are no longer
rich chiefs to depend upon; the pa
triarchal life is done away with?"
"There are few chiefs left and no pa
triarchal life."
The small brown hand closes sud
denly as with nervous tension. Liliuo
kalani is thinking of her people, whom
she can no longer help; of the broad
lands inherited fo>m a long-lined an
cestry and held in fief for the good of
the people. On those lands the sugar
cane waves, the fragrant white coffee
flower blossoms and the produce there
of weights the pockets of white rulers
who "knew not Joseph."
And with the lands has ffone the flag.
"Our flag," says Liliuokaltuii; "our
fl a g_ t hat was pulled down. The Ha
waiian Ladies' Patriotic Society wrote
to Admiral Miller asking, to be allowed
its possession. He never answered."
Yet another flag has fallen into un
loving hands. In a Washington draw
ing-room the unfortunate Queen had
the royal standard triumphantly point
ed out to her by its girl owner.
"How on earth did it get there?"
protests the indignant adherent who
has already spoken. "By what right
does Miss Berry hold it?"
"I cannot say. You are aware that
I received orders to collect and send the
rlags. They were to be burned. This
one "was not burned, and apparently
Miss Berry was deemed worthy to pos
sess it."
"And was it the particular flag
worked by ?"
The Queen interrupts with quiet
dignity, but her voice trembles:
"I do not know. I was shown the
flag. I did not look at it."
There are women — and they may be
Queens — who glorify their sex. There
are others— and they may be citizen
esses — who forswear their crown of
womanhood. But there be men of
kindlier nature, and Lilioukalanl still
cherishes the memory of Robert Louis
Stevenson's tender sympathy. "We
sat without speaking," she tells in al
lusion to their last interview. "At
last I said, 'We have been making his
tory, you and I.' He pressed my hand
and our eyes met."
Would that those eyes could meet
again! Would that Stevenson's fervid
pen could be enlisted on behalf of the
woman who is now on her way to
Washington seeking redress and justice
for herself, and, through her, for those
she pines to help. For Liliuokalani's
object in going to Washington is an
open secret of which she alone denies
knowledge.
"The papers know all about It," she
Bays carelessly; "the papers know all
about my business. I have nothing to
"But you can trust to the generosity
of the American nation?"
The mobile mouth twitches slightly,
then a quiet laugh comes:
"On that point I have no opinion at
all to offer."
As I leave her in her calm gracious
ness with her soft voice, sweet, dark
face and rippling gray hair, I pray that
this land may at last tender lustice and
reverence to one whom it has used so
harshly. A. R. ROSE-SOLEY.
blessing of a union of the live States
of Central America for many years—
ever since the federation made in 1823
was destroyed by strife and jealousies.
Central American politics is an in
tricate game. In view of history there
have been. doubts expressed as to the
permanence of the present union. Yet
if the Nicaragua canal is built there
may be a development and a building
up of these Central American States,
which will give their institutions sta
bility. r
This new nation which has just been
called into being may become an im
portant factor in the life of the world.
There have been affairs recently which
have turned, the eyes of the nations to
the southern part of this continent
There was the trip of the battleshin
Oregon, for instance. The saving of a
voyage about Cape Horn might have
made an appreciable difference in the
conduct of the Spanish-American war
It will.be interesting to see what effect
the formation of this . new nation will
have upon the canal concessions given
by Nicaragua to the canal '
There is no limit to the effects which
may low the formation of this new
unification of the Latin republics The
three States which are inclosed in the
middle of Central America are keeping
th mS i length two nations with whom
Th, re V. Ons . are c °nstantly disturbed
cSsta Aica on l ala on the north and
Costa Rica on the south. Between theso
two republics stretch: the nSho^J
Continued on Pago Thirty-two.Race Riots and Shotgun Law in the Carolinas
Bk:ks a-d Whites Arrayed Against Each Other in Murderous Fury. The Governor of One State Barely Escapes Death From the Mob. Men and Incidents in the Frightful Outbreak of Race Hatred That Has Deluged Two States in Blood
and Shocked the Nation.
Special Correspondence of the Sunday Call
WILMINGTON, N. C. Nov. 19.
—The Governor of South
Carolina, he says to the
Governor of North Caro
lina, "It's a long time be
tween lynchings": and the Governor of
North Carolina, he says to the Gover
nor of Sou h Carolina, "Sh-h! Don't
talk to me about lynchings. Golly!
Don't you know they came near lynch
ing me the other night?"
Thus in allegory they are telling
through this Southern country of an in
cident in the race war of last week
which somehow did not get into the
papers, but came very near furnishing j
a.s big a sensation as North Carolina j
ever had in its history. So far as re
called no Governor of a State in this
..country has ever lost his life at the
hands of indignant citizens of his com
monwealth.
But Governor Daniel L. Russell of
North Carolina came very near suffer
ing it from mob rule when the excite
ment was at its luight and while the
streets o' Wilmington were literally
running with blood.
Governor Russell began his political
career as a leader in this section of the
He organized the colored Re
publicans in Wilmington, and more
than any other one man is responsible
for the ascendency of the African over
the white man in the Cape Fear region.
So when the negi >es were shooting at
the white citizens and the white citi
zens were actually potting the negroes
by dozens with Winchesters, Spring
fields and shotguns, the Governor, who
was in this section of North Carolina,
hearing of the trouble, started for
home.
M LYNCH THE GOVERNOR."
He first intended going by way of
Goldsboro. Learning that there was a
mob of several hundred men at Go'.ds
boro waiting to give him a reception,
and knowing that at that period of
excitement he was a marked man, he
changed his route and went via Max
ton. Word got to Maxton ahead of the
Governor that he was going that way,
and when the train arrived a swearing,
howling mob of "red shirts," heavily
armed and ready for almost anything,
was awaiting him.
They invaded the car, threatened the
Governor and actually offered him vio
lence. The crowd was increasing and
there were cries of "Lynch him:" when
the Governor and one of his friends
hustled out of the car into a box car,
which was locked behind him, and the
conductor and his friends stood guard
until the train pulled out.
Governor Russell reached his home, in
Raleigh, over the Seaboard Air Line,
very badly frightened, and the Govern
or's friend did not have a button on
his coat and his raiment was in tat
ters. The Governor weighs more than
300 pounds and his frustrated enemies
at Maxton are still speculating as to
the figure he would have cut at the
end of a rope.
This is only one incident of the many
• exciting events that have stirred the
two Carolinas during the last ten days.
There has been a great political riot
and a wholesale massacre of negroes in
Wilmington, N. C. There has been a
great political riot and a wholesale
sacre of negroes in Greenwood, S.
:C. Th»- story of Wilmington and the
story of Greenwood both furnish food
for thought, but on 'tr different lines.
THP WILMINGTON RIOT.
At Wilmington at least fifteen ne
groes were killed,- but no white man
lost his life. At Greenwood at least
€-ight negroes were killed and one white
man lost his !if<'.
I will first teil the story of Wilming
ton and then of Greenwood, and lot the
"impartial reader draw his own conclu
sions and make his own comparisons.
The Wilmington riot was due entirely
■to th<- negro attaining supremacy in lo
cal politics. North Carolina Is about
Th>- "nly Southern State in which the
negro has practically without restric
tion exercised the right of .-tuffrage. The
negroes have b< en permitted to do this
..because they were in the minority.
• : There are 210,000 white voters in the
State and about 100,000 colored voters.
Only in recent years did the danger of
;' the negro securing supremacy become
threatening. Tri 1898, whf-n a combina
tion Of the black and white Republi
. cans and th< Populists mad" Russell
;nvnrnor by an enormous majority, the
white voters, and especially the Demo
cratic white voters, began to have their
apprehensions.
Governor Russell hails from the sec
tion of the State in which Wilmington
ils situated. Here the ratio of colored
men to. white is almost two to one. The
Governor and his Republican allies got
: hold of the government of the city of
Wilmington, and in order to keep the
'..negroes solid permitted them to share
in the offices. The colored men here
quickly felt their power. They realized
that it was through their votes that
the Republicans had triumphed. While
the Republican leaders held the more
• important offices the white men in
: Wilmington soon found that they had
• over them a colored police force, while
•the fire department largely consisted of
colored men and the postoffice was
. manned with colored letter-carriers.
A NEGRO GOVERNMENT.
In fact to all intents and purposes, it
was a colored city government. The
colored city government levied the
city taxes, collected them and spent]
them The whites were paying 96Mi
per cent of the taxes, the colored were
paving 3Va per cent of the taxes.
Following the induction into office of
this new regime came a repetition or
the old story of profligacy and an abuse
erf power. Nearly every Southern city
in the days of reconstruction had been
through it, and now it was Wilming
ton's turn. The colored men did not
make good policemen. They neglected
their posts and robberies multiplied.
Women were insulted on the street and
there was no redress. White women
would be jostled from the sidewalks
into the muddy streets by ™lored
women and negro men would laugh at
them. Little white girls would have
their hats snatched and thrown into
the roadway and assaults of negroes
upon whites were of constant occur
rence. Property was insecure and in
surance rates advanced. „«!«,,,
Even Mr. Chadbourn, the Republican
Postmaster, wrote and published a let
ter in which he declared that the ne
groes were in charge of the municipal
government of Wilmington; that the
whites would not longer ar *ith thib
condition of affairs, and that they
would carry the next election either
with votes or with arms.
Long before the canvass in the cam
paign just closed began the white citi
zens of Wilmington, almost without re
gard to party, prepared for the great
Ist emergency. Six months ago they
be?an to arm themselves quietly. Each
white citizen not affiliated with the Re
publican reign, if he did not already
have a serviceable firearm, purchased
a Winchester or a Springfield rifle and
lots of ammunition. They determined
to carry the fall election by force and
intimidation if they could not carry it
any other way.
GOVERNOR RUSSELL ALARMED.
They made no concealment of thi£;
determination before the election; they
make no concealment of it now. They
were firmly convinced that the African
was not born to rule the white man.
and no amount of argument can change |
tl \ e ; lovernolr°Russell1 overno l r°Russell became alarmed at
the threatening condition of affairs that
his management had brought about.
He was notified that something dread
ful would happen in Wilmington if the
negroes attempted to outvote the
whites on election clay, and through his
influence the Republican leader 8 were
forced lust before the election, to take
down their ticket and give the Demo
crats no opposition in the- county ex
cept one Representative in Congress and
State Senator, these districts including
other counties than New Hanover, in
which Wilmington is situated.
Election day passed off quietly in
Wilmmgton, although in three or four
other counties in the State the negroes
were SSKildated and hindered from
voting by the presence of armed men at
th The°ei e ction 'eing over the whites de
termined to put out of office the entire
o?t™ government, by force if necessary.
The Governor tried to induce the city
officials to resign, but without avail.
Then an orderly meeting of the white
citizens was called, and resolutions
were passed taking possession of the
city government in the interest of the
white population, calling on Alexander
Manly the colored editor of the Repub
lican paper, to leave town, and appoint
ing a committee to wait on the more
objectionable white officeholders and
colored leaders and invite them to leave
the county.
WHITE NAN KILLED FIRST.
The story of the exciting events that
full-, wed this revolution have already
been told. Manly, the colored editor,
who had been an object of loathing for
month? because of the editorial attack
ing white women, had already taken his
departure. The Record office was
burned, because the proprietors of the
paper were believed by the committee
appointed at the mass meeting to be ig
noring its demand.
An outbreak on the part of the ne
ernes hnd been expected that day, and
nearly every white man in the city of
Wilmington was under arms. This
number has been estimated at 2000. The
white citizens f >f each block had a dis
tinct organization undrr a separate
leader. TCach man had his orders, and
no matter where disorder broke out the
white citizens were prepared to quell
it quickly or add to It materially.
There is no question ihnt the first
shooting was done by th° black men.
A negro in Brooklyn, a suburb, phot a
white man through the tight arm. The
wounded man with his left hnnd shot
the npgm dead. The negroes began to
rally in force with guns, and four of
them were shot dead in their tracks
then and there. The blacks were over
awed but not before at least fifteen
had been killed and probably twice as
many wounded. One negro was found
badly wounded hiding beneath a porcn
and was taken to the hospital.
It was a rei^n of terror simply for
the blacks and their white associates.
A REIGN OF TERROR.
A committee moved quickly around
and notified the more prominent and
objectionable white Republicans that
they must leave town. Silas P. Wright,
the Mayor, had already gone. Justice
of the "Peace Bunting, who was also
United States Commissioner, was told
to go' So were Chief of Police Melton
and Charles Gilbert, the superintendent
of city carts. Notice was also served
on G. Z. French. Mr. French is th*
acting, sheriff. He allowed the actual
Sheriff $1200 salary, and performed all
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898,
the duties of the office himself and took
all the emoluments.
Pictures of Bunting and his colored |
housekeeper still hang on a tree in
front of his house, where they were
hung by the mob. Thomas Miller, a
noted colored leader, who, when he
heard the Record building had been
burned, declared that he would wash
his hands in white men's blood that
night, was lodged in jail, and a picket
was thrown around to prevent the
more irresponsible whites from drag
ging him forth and killing him.
Colonel Waddell, one of the most
prjminent citizens, who had been chair
man of the mass meeting, was elected
Mayor, and all the old officials resigned
under pressure. Waddell has a fighter's
jaw. His ancestors have fought in three
\> ars.
Dr. Silas P. Wright offered his resig
nation as Mayor of the city, and it was
accepted. Colonel A. M. Waddell was
elected Mayor of the city and sworn in
by M. Newman, J. P., 'whereupon Mr.
Wad Jell took his seat as Mayor.
Nearly all of the old city officials aro
now in Washington seeking to have a
Congressional investigation or aro wan
dering northward seeking new places
of abode.
The statement telegraphed North that
ministers of the Gospel, with rifles on
their shoulders, paraded the streets on
Thursday and Friday nights to pre
serve order is no fiction. This actually
took place. It is also a fact that the
race question in Wilmington rose above
politics, and that many white men
heretofore Republicans joined in over
turning the city government.
The fury of the mob at Wilmington
when it finally burst forth was added to
by race prejudice, long kept in restraint
in North Carolina. The deepest blot on
the city is that the poor whites wan
tonly shot any negroes they met. Most
of the murdered victims were unarmed
and molesting no one.
So high did the feeling in Wilming
ton run during the political campaign
that it is a marvel that there was not
a murderous outbreak long before
Thursday, November 10.
Early in the campaign Governor Rus
sell became a target far the orators
of the white men's party. The Gov
ernor owns a large plantation on the
other side of Cape Fear River, just op
posite Wilmington. For years he has
supplied the city with milk. Some one
printed a communication in the Mes
senger one day inquiring why white
men bought Governor Russell's milk,
since he was responsible for negro rule
in the city.
Instantly the Governor's dairy was
boycotted and his milk is not now sold
in the city.
So much for the story of the riot in
Wilmington. Now for the story of
Greenwood.
THE OREENWOOD RIOT.
Greenwood County in South Carolina
is a omparatively new county, having
been erected from the county of Edge
field on one side and Abbeville on the
other. Edgefield County was the scene
of some of the most disastrous political
riots" during the period of reconstruc
tion. Within its borders occurred the
famous "Ned" Tennant riot, so called
for the negro leader, who was killed.
The colored population in that sec
tion is very large, outnumbering the
whites, but the race question there is
merely a social problem, not a political
one.
In Greenwood County the qualified
white voters outnumber the qualified
negro voters about ten to one. The au
thority for this statement is Senator |
Tillman. The Tolberts are a very influ
ential white family in Greenwood
County. The most conspicuous member
of it is Major John R. Tolbert. He is
really the Republican leader in South
Carolina.
Major Tolbert is a man of middle
age, who graduated from the South
Carolina University, which at the time
of his graduation was the educational
institution of the highest standing
in the South Major Tolbert served
during the war as a member of
Butler's Confederate Cavalry Divis
ion, and came out with a fine repu
tation for courage and the rank of a
lieutenant. He is to-day a slender,
erect, dressy man, with an iron gray
beard and fine presence. He has two
brothers, one of whom, Thomas Tol
bert, lives near Phoenix.
THE TOBERTS.
Major Tolbert has a number of sons,
among whom are Robert and Rhett
Tolbert, Thomas Tolbert Jr., Joseph
Tolbert and James W.^ Tolbert. Major
Tolbert became a Republican leader in
South Carolina. He turned Republican
during reconstruction days, in the hope
of getting office. He is at present the
Collector of the Port at Charleston, S.C.,
having secured that post by virtue of
his efforts for McKinley at St. Louis in
1896. His son, Robert Rhett Tolbert, is
chairman of the Republican State
Committee. Robert Rhett Tolbert's
name has been invariably printed
Robert "Red" Tolbert. "Red" is a
nickname. His other sons are all ac
tive Republicans. The Tolberts are all
planters in that section of the State.
There are all very well educated and
very well-to-do, too, and their com
bined holdings in land exceed 10,000
acres.
The wife of James W. Tolbert was
appointed postmistress of McCor
mick, a small country town. James W.
Tolbert professes to be his wife's as
sistant in the office. Collins, a brother
in-law of R. R. Tolbert, claims to be
the postmaster of Ninety-Six, a station
on the Southern Railway, near Green
wood. This is denied by the Demo
crats, who say that Collins is an ap
plicant for the poHtoffice at Abbleville
Courthouse, and James Tolbert is an
applicant for the postoffice at Green
wood.
Although the Tolberts are one of the
best families in the State, there being
nothing against either their personal or
business habits, the great mass of
white people have regarded them with
enmity because they are Republicans.
When Robert Rhett Tolbert became a
candidate for Congress this fall the
white Democrats declared that he
should not have any votes, and the feel
ing in the community was very bitter.
NEGRO VOTES REFUSED.
The negroes were bolder than they
have been for many years. I do not
think the Tolberts have anything to do
with this. The only reasonable explan
ation I have got is that furnished by
Colonel N. G. Gonzales, who says that
since the colored troops behaved so fine
ly at Santiago and El Caney the ne
groes through the South believe that
they are a race of warriors and can
whip the white men, and this impres
sion has made them very hard to get
along with. ; _ .^
They were encouraged by the orators
both in North and South Carolina to go
to the polls on election day, and were
reminded of the great exploits of their
race in Cuba. The colored orators were
prone to allude to Maceo as one of the
greatest warriors of modern times.
Election day came and all the negroes
of Greenwood County who were quali
fied to vote through coming up to the
requirement of the South Carolina con
stitution were told by the Tolberts to
go to the polls and vote for Robert
Rhett Tolhert for Congress. Phoenix,
which was one of the polling places,
consists of a cross roads country store.
It was here that the race war in South
Carolina began.
The polling place was on the second
floor. Every time a negro applied to
vote for Robert Rhc't Tolbert his vote
was refused, whether he owned $300 and
could read and write or not.
Thomas Tolbert Jr. was in charge of
the negroes at this polling place. He
asked permission to take the affidavits
of the negroes that they were qualified
voters and were not allowed to vote. In
the room where the ballot boxes were
this was refused, so he went down
stairs, had blanks filled out in regular
form, signed and acknowledged by a
notary public. As each affidavit was
made It was folded and put into a bal
lot box which the Republicans had pro
vided.
This went on for some time until J.
I. Etheridge, a prominent white man in
the community, tried to stop the pro
ceedings. As a matter of fact Mr.
Etheridge had no more rieht to inter
fere than if he lived in another State.
There was no danger of negro supre
macy; there was no danger of the Dem
ocratic candidate for Congress being
unseated, because the contest could not
possibly amount to anything, and in ad
dition to this, Phoenix was not in Mr.
Etheridge's voting place.
Mr. Etheridge's interference resulted
in a fight, and during this fight Mr.
Etheridge was shot and died almost in
stantly.
THE WHITES TO ARMS.
Then the whites flew to arms. A
Tolbert and negro hunt began, which
lasted for three days. Most of the ne
groes took to the woods and were hard
to find.
At the close of the second day's riot
ing some negroes fired upon a party of
whites from ambush at Plney Grove
Church, wounding two of them. Armed
white men scoured the country in every
direction.
The fury of the mob was directed
more especially toward the Tolberts.
Thomas Tolbert had been shot and
mortally wounded in the fight at the
polling place. Major John R. Tolbert
was driving along the road with his
15-year-old nephew when the whites
fired on him. He was shot in the back
with buckshot and in the head with
bird shot. His nephew was also wound
ed with buckshot. Some of the promi
nent Democrats assisted the elder Tol
bert to a place of safety, but later,
when the rioters learned his where
abouts, they went to the house deter
mined to kill him.
He made his escape, however, and
reached Columbia, three days after he
had been shot, with none of the forty
six leaden pellets that had entered his
flesh yet removed. The other Tolberts
and the whites who had been connected
with them In the movement got out of
the county as best they could.
The only Tolberts who remained were
Thomas, senior, and Elias L., the
brothers of John R. Tolbert. Thomas,
senior, had remained in Abbeville and
was not molested. The mob pursued
Ellas L. Tolbert to the house of a
prominent Democrat, but was finally
persuaded to disperse. Since that time
Ellas L. Tolbert has printed a most ab
ject letter, in which he alludes to his
! brave war record in the Confederate
' army, states that he never joined in
' the movement to have the negroes vote
i and pledges all his efforts in the fu
j ture for the sustaining of white su
| premacy in South Carolina.
In the meantime the negro hunt went
on, the Tolbert hunt having been aban-
I doned. Wherever a negro was found
I he was shot down.
It is doubtful if any of the men who
' had a hand in the shooting; of Etheridge
have been killed. Nearly all of those
who were slain were not only inno-
I cent of participating in the earlier trou
ble and of firing on the whites at Piney
; Grove Church, but were unarmed.
I When a negro was found no questions
j were asked. He had merely to run and
i the mob riddled his back with buck
; shot and bullets. At one place by the
I roads there was a pile of five dead ne
| groes as late as Thursday afternoon.
While the excitement was at its
; height a movement was started to burn
the houses of the Tolberts. Wiser coun
! sel prevailed and this was not done.
Both Governor Ellerbe and Senator
I Tillman are in favor of shooting colored
i men in order to keep them in subjee
1 tion. Tillman himself participated in
the great Hamburg riot in 1886. In
- speaking of the Governor's conduct a
i Greenville paper said that the Governor
i on Tuesday, when there was rioting at
I the polls, remained calm, and that on
i Wednesday, when white men were
i hunting the colored men all over Green
CYCLIST IN AFRICA
CHASED BY A LION
THE following is. says the British
Central Africa Gazette of Septem
ber 10, perhaps one of the most
extraordinary adventures that has
ever fallen to the lot of a European
even in Central Africa, where adven
tures with wild beasts are pretty fre
quent:
Mr. D. C. Robertson, Gala Estate,
Namazi, about midway between Blan
tyre and Zobra, sends the following
note:
"I rode out on my bicycle from Blan
tyre on Monday afternoon, the 2?a of
August, and reached Mr. Stoud's before
the sun went down, and after waiting
for a few minutes, started again. Just
after sunset. By the time I got to the
Namazi crossing it had got quite dark,
except for a little ljght the new moon
was giving. The road leading to the
Gala Estate from the main road has
only just recently been made, and is
quite soft and lumpy, besides being
very steep for at least half its length.
The rest of it is fairly level, but none
of it is in a condition for cycling yet,
except the portion which extends from
my first plantation to my house, which
was made some time ago, and is now
nice and hard.
"When I left the main road I dis
mounted, and started pushing my bi
cycle up the hill, but before I had gone
far I heard a heavy body pushing its
way through the bush on my left. I
thought it was some big game, possibly
an eland or buffalo, but as I felt a cer
tain amount of uneasiness I went to the
other side of the road and pushed away
as quickly as I could. When I had gone
a short distance up the slope I looked
wood County, he became calmer still,
On Wednesday, when the rioting
reached its climax, the Governor was
as serene as a summer morning, and on
Saturday, when the trouble was all
over and most of the white men had put
away their guns, the Governor sent an
impassioned dispatch to Greenwood de
manding that the rioting stop.
Major Tolbert has returned to his
post as Collector of the Port at Charles
ton. All the other Tolberts except those
badly wounded, together ' with their
relatives and associates, have gone to
Washington to get satisfaction through
Federal interference.
The burning question of the hour is
what will become of the Tolberts. The
white men's party around Greenwood
declare that if they return to their
homes they will be killed and their
houses will be burned over their dead
bodies.
This is evidently no joke. It has hap
pened again and again to white Repub
licans all over the South. It has hap
pened as frequently in South Carolina
as in any other State. What a South
Carolina mob can do when aroused was
shown at Lake City, where the colored
Postmaster and his entire family were
either murdered or burned to death.
Apparently the average country white
in South Carolina has made up his
mind to use the shotgun and the torch
as long as the negroes are appointed to
office or are encouraged to be active in
politics.
round and almost had a fit when I saw
a full-grown lion standing across the
road, broadside on, with his head turn,
ed toward me,* and, as I looked, he
started in pursuit.
"T attempted to mount my machine,
but owing to the slope and ray excite
ment I failed twice. The third time I
succeeded in getting away, and I did
pedal for all I was worth, but the ma
chine kept wobbling across the road,
and I saw that the lion had lessened
the distance between us by about half,
though I was still fifty yards from the
top of the slope. He kept up a low
growling all the time, and I could hear
him more and more distinctly every
time as he still lessened the distance
between us.
"I think I could easily have outstrip
ped him if it had been level, but the
machine kept up a rattle, rattle over
the inequalities in the road, and once
or twice I was almost thrown off. I
did not dare to look back; indeed, there
was no need, as the growl plainly told
me that he was almost on me, but at
last I reached the crest and flew down,
the opposite slope. I then suddenly re
membered that there was an open cul
vert across the road some 200 yards
ahead, but there was no time to dis
mount, so I rode into it, and the shock
flung me high out of the saddle, but I
fell back on it without being knocked
off. Fortunately the side of the drain
next the hill was high and the opposite
side low, so that the machine was not
stuck in the culvert, and though the
front fork was twisted and the front
wheel grated against it it was not quite
jammed and I was able to ride on.
When I reached the smooth part of the
road near my first plantation I was able
to get up a good rate of speed, but I no
longer heard the growl in the rear.
1920
Praying for Rain
IN
California
Churches
PJ?OTESJA^J EfISGOPy\L P^AyER.
OGOD, heavenly Father, who by Thy son, Jesus Christ, hast
promised to aJI those who seek Thy kingdom and the right
. eousness thereof all things necessary to their bodily sus
tenance, send us, we beseech Thee, in this, our necessity, such
moderate rain and showers that we may receive the fruits of the -
earth to our comfort and to Thy honor; through Jesus Christ, our
liord. Amen.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, STJNBAT, 1 NOTEMBEB 27, 1898.
CONQFEQ/ITKWUiISJ'S PPAyEp
TI LMIGHTY God, in whnm we live and through whom we re-
ceive the gifts of heaven and earth, we beseech Thee to re
member us in all things which minister to our spiritual and
temporal well-being. We bless Thee for the fruits of the herveat,
the gracious provision of Thy grace in times of war, for the vic
tories which have blessed us on land and sea, and for the safety
of our soldiers at home and abroad.
We pray Thee to continue Thy blessing in sending us rain
to refresh and replenish the earth. Bless, we pray Thee, our lands
end cause the trees of the field to clap their hands in joy, and
the mountains to praise Thee for Thy goodness. Beheld, we be
seech Thee, the afflictions and need*; of Thy people-, and grant
that through Thy almighty grace there may come an abundance
of rain, that the whole earth may be filled with Thy glory. Amen.
THE church denominations of California are fervently prayintr for rain. An annual substantial drenching means millions
of dollars to the farmers, 'miners and merchants of the State. The drought of last year was a hard blow to the agricul
tural and mineral industries. Hundreds of big mines were shut down along the Stern foothills and the crops anl
cattle of the grangers never suffered so much. Some weather prophets are already en record with the declaration that
la«t "year's drought will be repeated this year. Certain kinds of witch hazel augurs point to this conclusion, and many
hunters of game are of this opinion on account of the "dry winter" actions of plants and wild birds. Should they be
rieht in their prognostications there will be great suffering in the agricultural and mineral districts. Other prophets be
lieve that the holidays will usher in the welcome rainstorms. Since the prayers began in the churches the State has re
ceived several showers, but not a storm of any consequence.
BETHELHEM CONQFEQ/\ JIONAb G^URGH.
DEAR heavenly Father, be pleased in the plenitude of Thy
mercy to look down on our thirsty land and water it with
showers. Yea more, send rain, bountiful rain, that the grass
may grow for the cattle and the grain mature, for "vain is the
help of man." Thou hast blessed our land with peace and our
arms with success. Our flag, untarnished, floats over a united
people.
Be pleased now, our Father, to add to Thy mercies by con
sidering the needs, present and prospective, of Thy children. Send,
O Lord, the early and the latter rain, that our empty garners may
be replenished, the poor fed, and the needy satisfied.
The pools are dry, our Father, and the streams are failing.
In tender mercy consider our State and arise for our help, for
"nur expectation is from Thee." And to Thee will we give all the
praise, through Jesus Christ, our Savior. Amen.
pRESByTERIAJJ FR/WEp FOJ* J*/\IN.
OGOD, of times and of seasons, of days and of years, who
hast promised that while the earth remaineth seed-time and
harvest,, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night
shall not cease, send our State, we beseech Thee, a plenteous and
timely rain, that the earth may bring forth and bud and give
seed to the sower and bread to the eater. We confess our un
worthiness of the least of all Thy mercies. As a people we are
too much given to the pursuit of material things, and Thou
mightest justly withhold them; but Thy blessed Son, our divine
Savior, has assured us that our Father in heaven maketh His
Bun to rise on the evil and on the good, and sendeth His rain
on the just and on the unjust. So, our heavenly Father, in
spite of our forgetfulness of the giver of every good and perfect
gift, we pray that Thou wilt send us the early and the latter
rains, in due season, that the earth may yield her increase for our
benefit and the honor of Thy holy name, through Jesus Christ,
our Lord. Amen.
HEBREW SUPPLIGAJIO^ FOR RAIJSJ.
THOU, O Lord, art the source of life, the fountain of light and
truth; O let Thy doctrine descend as the rain. Thy word
distil as the dew. Open Thou our hearts that we may re
ceive the good seeds of Thy instruction and let Thy blessing;
ripen them into fruits of righteousness and works pleasing- unto
The«.>. Yea, let Thy gracioufl promise be fulfilled in us: As water
upon the thirsty land and floods upon the dry ground will I pour
out My spirit upon thy children and My blessing upon thy off
spring. One shall say: I am the Lord's; another shall call him
self by the name of Jacob, and another subscribe himself by the
name of Israel.
Also upon the fields of our land let rain and dew descend at
the right season and in such manner/ as to be:
(Minister and choir.)
For every onp's blessing and the hurt ofnonel
For every one's joy and the woe of none!
For every one's life and the death of none!
(Minister.)
O prosper this, our nation, in all its Industries and it 9 com
merce, on land and on sea, so that there may be no want or
scarcity anywhere and all be satisfied because Thou hast opened
Thy hand for us. Amen.
ROM/\N GJ^jmhlG.
OGOD, in whom we live and move add are, grant
us reasonable rain; that we, enjoying a suffi
ciency of support in this life, may with more
confidence strive after the things that are eternal.
Amen.Special to The Sunday Call.
WASHINGTON, Nov. 17.— An
insect that is able to do one
hundred million dollars'
worth of damage to the
farmers of the United States
in a single year may well be regarded
as the most dangerous and destructUe
of the many foes against which the ag
riculturists of thi§ country are obliged
to fight for a living. This is the highest
record up to date of the famous chinch
bug which has been such a sorrow in
recent times In Missouri. Kansas and
other States of the Middle West.
Hence it is not surprising that the Gov
ernment should be making a serious
study of the creature in question, or
that an elaborate publication on the
«uhjert should be now in course of pre
paration. The letter is from the pea of
Professor Webster, the well-known en
tomologist, and will be Published short
ly by the Department of Agncultura
Professor Webster says that the
chinch-bug first made its PJ^m-e
known in this country by Kb javagea
in the wheat fields of the North Caro
lina farmers in 1785. From 1840 to Ito9
it attacked Illinois and portions of In
diana and Wisconsin. The loss which
it caused to the farmers in Illinois in
£-.0 was reckoned at $4,000,000 or $4 70
•*y.r every man. woman and child living
in the State. The earlier outbreaks,
though the occasion of smaller money
loss were even more disastrous, for the
destruction of the grain crops in those
pi,,neer days not only took away all
cash profits, but also deprived the early
settlers of their very living, and in
Borne cases reduced them to starvation.
From 1863 to 1865 the insect was again
active and it was estimated that
three-fourths of the wheat and half of
the corn crops wore wiped out through
almost the entire Northwest. This
meant a loss of 30.000.000 bushels of
wheat and 138,000,000 bushels of corn,
representing a total value of more than
$73,000,000. , .
There was a serious outbreak of the
chinch-bug in the West in 1868. and
again in 1871, but in 1874 the ravages
were widespread and enormous. The
loss in 1371 in seven States, viz.. lowa.
Missouri, Illinois, Kansas. Nebraska.
Wisconsin and Indiana, was computed
at $30,000,000. Dr. C. V. Biley computed
the loss in Missouri alone in the year
1874 it $lf< 000,000. The Joss to the whole
-v for 1874 was not less than $100.-
OOO.OW), The next great outbreak oc
curred in 1887. In this case the damage
COST OF HOTEL LIVING
IS GOING UP BY JUMPS
Wr. were sitting in carved
chairs, upholstered in tapes
try. At our feet were
stretched two tiger skin
rugs, whose fierceness of ex
pression was almost lost in a look of
vague astonishment at the splendor of
their surroundings. On the walls were
hung paintings of renown. Through a
portiered doorway was the dining
room massively elegant, and a smaller
exit led from the drawing-room to a
bedroom furnished as a Queen's cham
ber was furnished wher^ there were
thrones in France.
One of the managerial staff of the
big Waldorf-Astoria Hotel was show
ing to me the beauties of the "royal
suite," which has recently sheltered
the visiting Princes of Belgium
"This suite costs $100 a day," said
Mr. Thomas, the assistant manager.
Nine years ago the writer prepared
an interview with one of the best
known hotel men in the metropolis in
which it was stated that $10,000 a year
was all that a man, wife and maid ser
vant could spend in board and lodging
in the highest-priced hotels in America,
occupying the most expensive suite of
rooms to be found, eating the costliest
food on the menu and drinking the
most expensive ines. It was pre
sumed that the man was not a glutton,
nor a drunkard; neither did he throw
money away in extravagant tips. He
simply lived up to the limit, and $10,000
was the limit for mere food and shelter
in the most expensive hotel the new
world had. Let us see what it would
cost to-day.
"There is more money to-day than
there ever was before in this country,
if on£ may judge by what is spent in
hotefs," continued Mr. Thomas. "Big
fortur.es are being made nowadays in
the street, in mines and in business,
and the money is rapidly being put into
circulation. Ten years ago you very
seldom saw two men on a man's trap.
Now it is the rule. Men spend more for
food, for wines for apartments, jewel
ry. Theaters cost more, entertainments
are more lavish and the accommoda
tions in hotels have grown accordingly.
Money can't buy anything better than
what you're looking at. The furniture
in this suite co3t more than $50,000.
Hotel service has Improved. One is
served now in a public restaurant as he
could only have been served ten years
ago in his own home, and in very few
homes was the service as nearly perfect
as it is now in most really first-class
hotels.
".Vine years ago the highest-priced
suite of rooms in any hctei in this city
cost $100 a week.
"Our suites cost from $10 a day up to
$40," replied Mr. Thomas, "and we have
large ones for families that run from
that figure up 10 $100. We have one
suite now occupied by a gentleman and
his family which costs $88 per day, and
that is exclusive of food and service.
Those are ordinary prices for people of
wealth, who demand the very best that
is to be had and are willing to pay for
it."
A comparison of the present prices
with those of a decade ago offers a sig
nificant and startling contrast. If the
opi nrtuniiy to spend money in hotels is
a fair criterion of the prosperity of the
times, this country was never so pros
perous as it is now.
These Two Insects Have Destroyed
was estimated at $60,000,000. the heav
iest losses occurring: in Illinois, lowa,
Missouri and Kansas. This gives, as the
estimated loss in the thirty-eight years,
1850 to 18S7, the enormous sum of $267,
000,000. Another chinch - bug plague
reached its maximum severity in 1596.
Careful estimates of the loss during tne
last seven years would in all probabil
ity swell the amount to fully $330,000,
000 for the period from ISSO to 1898.
During the outbreak in Ohio at least
two farmers became discouraged and
sought relief in suicide.
It should be taken into consideration
that the financial losses above esti
mated have not fallen upon the entire
nation, but upon the nine States
named. In fact, small as it is. the
chinch-bug has cost the people of these
nine States a sum of money sufficient to
defray the entire expense of the na
tional government for a whole year
Fire excepted, there is probably no
other thing that has caused ko great a
financial loss within the same period
over the same area of country.
No other insect, native to the west
ern hemisphere, has spread its devas
tating hordes over a wider area of
country with more fatal effects to the
staple grains of North America than
has this one. But for the extreme sus
ceptibility to the very yount* to de
struction by drenching rains, the prac
tice of raising grain year after year on
the same areas, as followed in the
T'nited States, would be altogether un
profitable. It wems *r> be a fact that
plentiful rain destroys the chinch-bugs,
Nine years ago, as before mentioned,
the price of the costliest suite of rooms
in an American hotel was $100 a week.
Allowing the man the most epicurean
taste consonant with reason and the
tef's resources, his breakfast could
t cost him more than $3 a day on an
erage; his luncheon, with wine. $6,
and his dinner, with wine, $10. The
board of the servant was put down at
$9 a week. This did not take in tips,
cigars, liquors, except wines, or the en
tertainment of friends, because these
expenses would be the same whether
the man lived at a hotel or at his own
house. The total expenses for six
Knths, which is all the time this man
s supposed to stay in New York,
y be summarized as follows:
;akfast, per week $21
Luncheon, per week 35
Dinner, per week 0
Rooms, per week 100
I id's board, per week 9
Total $235
Total for six months $6,110
Tow let us look at the prices of to
,\ The same man takes the royal
te at the Astoria for $100 a day. Of
irse this is a trifle large for a man
and wife, but It is not even as large as
a private house conducted in similar
style would be. . He would have his
meals served in his own dining room.
This would necessitate the services of a
butler furnished by the hotel at $3 a
day. The board of the maid would be
$25 per week. The breakfast would cost
Pis is precisely the same meal as
scribed in the interview nine
go); the luncheon, with wine,
c $7. and the dinner, with wine,
c price of ordinary dishes has
not aavanced to this extent in the past
nine years, but special dishee have been
added to the bills of fare. Each h«tel
Iwadays has its own specialty, and it
usually costlier than the same dish
spared in the ordinary fashion. Then,
i, the improved service which hotels
er to-day costs more than the old
rle. Wages are higher and the grade
of men employed is higher, and there
fore more expensive. The cost of six i
months of this sort of living may be j
set down as follows:
Breakfast, per w«-ek $26 60
Luncheon, per week J9 w
Dinner, per week 84 00
Butler, per w<?ek 21 00
Maid, per week 2o 00
Rooms, per week 700 00
Total per week ". $905 00
Total for six months $23,545 60
This makes a difference of $17,435 60
for the six months in New York.
In the interview of nine years ago
it was supposed that the man did not
go to Europe, but spent the months be
tween May 1 and November 1 in this
country at various seaside and inland
resorts. The expenses during this
period Were thus summarized:
Old Point Comfort, 30 days at $20 per day. $600
F "heron, 20 days at $20 per day 400
R Kid Springs. 10 days at $20 per day.... 800
Saratoga, 30 days at $2o per day >oO
Newport, 30 days at $20 per day 600
Cranstons, 30 days at $20 per day •• «»
Total for six months $3,750
This made the entire yearly expenses
of the man. his wife and maid for food
and shelter $9860.
Supposing that the man went to the
same out-of-town places now as then
and paid the same prices, his annual
expenses" would be $29,135 CO. But there
ar*> far more expensive places than
those mentioned. Since that interview
was- written magnificent hotels have
THE SA:tf FKAUCISCO CAI.L, STTXDAY, KOYEMBER 27, 1898.
if It comes at the nroper time. The
years of greatest abundance of the pest
are apt to be preceded by a series of
years of drought.
Each female chinch-bug laysaboutsoo
eggs, and the adult insect is not pro
duced until sixty days later. The new
ly hatched young are very active, and
the first to appear may be observed
with their progenitors about the bases
of wheat, corn or grass plants, and
later all stages are seen mingling to
gether, having little appearance of be
longing to the same species, so greatly
do they vary in size and color in their
several stages of development. On first
emerging from the chrysalis the adult
is generally of a dull pink color. In
a short time these colors change to the
normal ones of the species, which are
black as to the body, with white wings.
From attack by enemies the chinch
bug seems to be protected in some de
gree by its vile odor, which is similar
to that of the related bedbug. How
ever, in the Middle West the birds
which are its natural foes, such as the
quail, are being ruthlessly . wiped out
by the shotgun. This fact may ac
count, in a measure, for the bugs'
spread and multiplication, but. as will
be explained later, only in a small de
gree. Various predacious insects feed
on the chinch-bug, but they do notseem
to be of great importance. Indeed, the
spread of the pest is accounted for
largely by the absence of natural ene
mies within the limits of the United
States.
The most important natural foes of
been erected in the far South and on
the Pacific Coast where the* expenses
are about as high as they are in town.
A man bent on paying the highest pos
sible prices for his rooms should have
no difficulty to-day in finding- accom
modations during his six months away
from home that will cost an average
of $20 a day. In some instances the
price may be greater, but that is a fair
average. The maid's board will aver
age $15 a week and the services of a
butler $15 more. The meals will cost
$20 a day. It figures up as follows:
Mpals, r?r wwk $140 00
Maid's board, per week 15 00
Kutlor's services, per week 16 00
Rooms, per week 140 00
Total per week $310 00
Total for six months » $»,o€o 00
Grand total for year $31.605 60
Of course these figures represent the
highest amount a man can possibly pay
for such accommodations. There is no
attempt made in these calculations t<>
economize. The man deliberately seeks
for the highest priced articles he can
find, and it costs him $33,000 a year.
Nine years ago he did the very same
thing, he spent all that he could, but
$9800 was tho limit.
We are supposing an extreme case.
Men can live at these same expensive
hotels modestly and at a moderate cost.
Rooms with a bath may be had at the
Waldorf-Astoria, and at all the other
hotels mentioned at from $5 to $7 a day,
and the meals may be made to cost
pretty nearly what a man chooses to
pay.
But the man who wants to spend
money in hotel living never had as
good a chance to do so as he has to
day. BENJAMIN NORTHROP.
INTERNATIONAL POSTAGE.
John A. Merritt, the Third Assistant
! Postmaster General, in his annual re
port recommends immediate negotia
tions with the postal administrations
of England, Germany and France to
reduce the international postage rates
to 2 cents for a half ounce or fraction
thereof. The report says:
"The administrations named have
direct or separate postal intercourse
to a large extent with our country,
and consequently are more likely to
agree to the change desired than the
administrations of inland countries that
j have to pay transportation charges to
the seacoast to intermediary nations.
The English administration particu
larly will probably assent to the pro
posed arrangement, for it has but re
cently decided to adopt the 2-cent rate
on letters between the British Islands
and Canada, as well as other parts of
the empire — the change being ordered
to take effect December 25 next.
"The department now realizes nothing
in the way of revenue from ocean let
ters, practically all the postage paid on
them going to the steamship companies
carrying the mails. If the rate should
be reduced the same state of affairs
would exist: the department would
still get nothing and lose nothing, and
the steamship companies would suffer
no hardship, for the stimulus given to
correspondence by the reduction of rate
| would no doubt eventually at least give
them as much compensation in the way
of postage as they now get.
"An ocean penny postage would con
nect and permeate all the sea-divided
communities of mankind with myriads
of/new ties and veins to strengthen and
beautify their brotherhood with bonds
of sympathy and the circulation of
knowledge. It would be one of the most
powerful aids to the work of Christian
missions. An ocean penny postage is
demanded by the social necessities of
the Anglo-Saxon race. The reduction
does not require action of Congress, as
the Postmaster General has authority
under section 398 of the revised stat
utes."
the chinch-bug are two species of para
sitic fungi, which under favorable cir
cumstances, destroy them by the
wholesale, literally eating them up.
For some years past a distinguish!*!
Kansas entomologist. Professor Snow,
has been engaged in propagating these
humble but destructive plants for the
purpose of infectine healthy chinch
bugs with a fatal malady. Ht-has widely
advertised a proposal to exchange sick
chinch-bugs for well ones, thelatter, as
fast as they arrive, being infected with
the deadly complaint by placing them
together with insects already diseased.
The sickened bugs are sent in tin boxes
through the mails to farmers, who scat
ter them in the infested fields. In this
way the greedy insect hordes are in
oculated with the horrible complaint,
and so perish by the wholesale
There has been devised recently an
important improvement on this plan, by
whtch the disease fungus is propagated
artificially in a mixture of cornmcal
and beef soup. The spores of the
plant, being stirred up in the mixture
aforesaid, quickl" germinate, and the
result is the production of infection
producing material. This substance is
very much more convenient to handle
How Favorite Actresses Save Their Money
Special to The Sunday Call.
NEW YORK, Nov. 25.— The actor is proverbially a spendthrift,
and the women of the craft vary little in this respect from their
brothers. There are any number of rich actors of both sexes,
but few of them are rich through their own prudence or good
investment.
There is one clever comic opera star whose wealth is largely
the result of his careful disbursement of funds and his saving habits;
but he is held up as a remarkable example — not 1n his own profession,
for the actor prudent in money affairs is about as unpopular as a
sporting man who refuses to keep up his reputationfor good fellowship
by frequent loans to his improvident fellows.
The richest actors have been the most reckless spenders. Fritz
Emmett, who was the best-paying star of his time, and whose fortune
Ada Rehan Owns Several Strips of Real Estate in Brooklyn.
accumulated as though by magic, threw his money right and left in
the most extravagant fashion. Joseph Murphy, who is wealthy, has
never been miserly in his expenditures. Maggie Mitchell, Lotta,
Fanny Davenport — three of the richest women stars — have all lived
lavishly, had costumes and jewels that cobt " irtunes. Bernhardt has
squandered several fortunes and is always in debt.
The most conspicuous example of business acuteness. shrewdness,
daring andapparent luck in investment among the women of the stage
Is personified in Mrs. Lillie Langtry, who has made a fortune in almost
every venture to vhlch she lias turned her hand. She has never been
parsimonious, but her dealings have always reen guided by a shrewd,
clear head. When she came to this country she imported Englishserv
ants, because they were to be had for one-third the price paid in New
York.
She took a house in New York instead of stopping at a big hotel —
not a fashionable house, but an old, roomy house, which is marked by
the high fence which shut out' the curious view of passersby. Her
house at Long Branch was chosen in the same way — not for its showy
pretentiousness or location, but for its solid return in comfort for the
cash expended.
While Mrs. Langtry was in this country she invested largely in
flat property in the tenement district of New York, which is said to
have increased enormously in value within the last few years. Her
California ranch was another paying venture, in spite of the vast
amount of money which she put into it and the loss she sustained in a
railway accident in which some valuable horses were killed.
But in every case Mrs. Langtry realizes a profit. She sold her
yacht, the White Ladye, at a goodly su i, which was all profit, as the
yacht had been a gift to the actrVss. It was the same with her private
car, which she disposed of by telegraph, making a handsome margin
on the original outlay. Her stable in England is another gold mine,
some of her horses recently carrying off some of the richest stake 3of
the English turf. She has a large fortune invested in jewels.
Mrs. Langtry employs any number of men to take care of her
business interests, but she gives her personal attention to all. Her
special representative in London says that she has none of the varia
bleness of woman in her composition in dealing with business affairs.
She makes up her mind as to how she will proceed in Important mat
ters with lightning rapidity. She hesitates at no expense in carrying
out her plans, and frequently wires her man in London to start for
New York at a day's notice.
Yvette Guilbert is another prudent, almost stingy, artist, who has
a beautiful home in Paris, a chateau in the country, fine jewels and
than moribund insects, and it may be
scattered over a field with far greater
ease and convenience.
The effectiveness of this plan for com
municating plague to chinch-bugs ar
tificially has been much questioned, but
Professor Webster and other scientists
to-day pretty generally admit that it
ttcoompliPhes wonderful results. In a
firld of wheat that has been treated in
the manner described, the track of the
insects as they move in any direction
is literally paved with their dead bod
ies, each little corpse enveloped in a
white winding sheet of fungus. In
places thu' ground is white with them,
and, on stirring up the soil at the edge
of a cornfield, it is found to be full of
dead chinch-bugs to a depth of two or
three inches, the white fungus covered
bodies contrasting strongly with the
black color of the rich loam. Never
theless, it seems that the fungus has
little effect except where the insects
are very thick, bo as to make contagion
easy. Furthermore, it requires moist
weather for its maximum efficiency.
"There ought to be a central propa
gating station for the disease-fungus,
from which farmers could obtain
promptly an abundant supply," says
Professor Webster. "FarnTeVs, also,
should watch the seasons carefully, and
when there are two dry summers in
succession, every preventive measure
should be adopted — notably the burn
ing of leaves, dead grass and other rub
bish during winter or early spring, fol
lowed up by sowing small plats of
early millet, Hungarian grass, or spring
wheat, in low damp places in the fields,
with a view of attacting the females
and massing the bugs, and then freely
applying the fungus in their midst."
One very effective method of fighting
chinch bugs is to lay a line of fresh coal
tar as a barrier between a migrating
horde and the field which they are ad
vacing to attack. The line, poured from
the nozzle of a watering pot with the
sprinkler removed, needs to be only
three quarters of an inch wide, and at
intervals of twenty feet in its length
are dug holes, in which tin cans are
sunk. The insects proceed along the
tar line until they fall into the cans,
where they are easily killed with a lit
tle kerosene. In this way the bugs are
caught literally by the bushel.
Chinch bugs are essentially gregari
ous, gathering and feeding together in
flocks. On reachiner a suitable field of
grain they congregate upon the stalks
until the latter are literally covered
with the insects, varying in color from
the black and white adults to the dif
ferently tinted larvae. Only the winged
adults fly, the main body of less de
veloped bugs remaining and leaving in
a body only when the plants on which
they have congregated have been drain
ed of their juices and have begun to
wither. Then they aimply crawl to the
gowns all as a result of her saving: habits. In the hotels In which she
stopped while In New York her parsimony became a huge joke with
the bellboys and chambermaids. She values a dollar for a hundred
cents and obtains its worth in every case. But Guilbert comes natur
ally by hor saving instincts, for her youth knew the bitterest pov
erty and hardship. . , .
Cora Potter Is an instance of a woman who has saved a comfort
able fortune out of her earnings on the stage, although there are many
who never have admitted her success as an artist. In her tours of
Australia and in South Africa Mrs. Potter reaped a golden harvest,
and she has her money invested in bonds, in jewels and in a collection
of laces and curios.of which she- is most fond. Her house in St. Johns
Wood, which she hires by the season, If said to be a marvel in the way
f a Ada re i£han"ls another of the prudent few who have saved their
earnings and disdained the empty honors of being sued for debt as an
advertisement. Sb« owns a house in New York, a bungalow on the
coast of Ireland ~nd property •- South Brooklyn, where she has in
* Georgia Cay van. whose gentle womanliness and charm as well as
her artistic worth won her a place for many seasons at the head of
the Lyceum forces, owns a house in upper New York, which represents
a part of her savings. She also has some handsome jewels and some
paintings of value. She never has been frugal in her living, but has
been one of the careful ones on the stage.
Maude Adams, whose leap into sudden success has made her fa
mous, has also begun her stage career well by investing her earnings
in a new kind of bond called investment bonds, which insure the life of
the possessor. Many of the younger actresses are saving in this way,
the system of purchase permitting payments in part and being a cap
ital plan to insure against prodigality in those who are inclined to
SqU l n uTu r G l las r er a has n been extremely careful *. her money since she
first began to get a large salar- for her work. She buys lavishly of
rlre book" and rare prints, but she buys carefully, and her collection
now re P ?esenis man? thousands of dollars more tfan she orighmlly
paid for it. She has a stable of fine horses, a country home in Penn
sylvania and an imposing collection of jewels.
Edna Wallace Hopper has made a tidy fortune since she embarked
In com"c opera a nd at first saved in a novel and original manner
Congous of her tendency to spend money, she used to send a check
weekly to a woman friend of hers, who deposited it in a savings bank
in New York. In this way she accumulated a tidy sum Since then
she has been credited with enormous winnings in Wall street and on
thl turf as a backer of Tod Sloan's mounts, and. if It all were true,
she would be nearly a millionairess. She has some magnificent dia
monds and a French poodle, but beyond that no one knows her actual
possessions. She lives in lavish style in an uptown apartment in New
Y ° r -Corinne " who was known as "Little Corinne" for several years
after she had grown to her full height, accumulated a big fortune in
*■ ™™r£ All her earnings were Invested in this way, and, under the
car^fufmanagemen ce t a of heY mother, she became rich. She was one of
th^ b^st™ aying stars on the out-of-towncircuits. always drawing tre
mei Many of The 8 women of the stage have sensibly done away with the
necessUyfor savTSg by marrying rich husbands. The list is a long
f. Mary Anderson married a millionaire. Beatrice Cameron and
Virginia Harned secured two of the money-making stars of the mod
2™ *taee as husbands. Marie Nevins and Agnes Huntington both
married rich men. Julia Arthur and Kathrine Clemmons hitched their
to srolden stars, and will never have to worry over such things
as S hire or the price of violets. KATE MASTERSON.
Maude Adams Invests Her Savings in Bonds.
nearest healthy plants and begin work
on them. A general migration by flight
takes place in the autumn.
Favorite articles of chinch bug diet
are broom corn, sorghum, Bermuda
grass, blue grass, bottle grass and crab
grass. Over the Western country the
major portion of the damage done is to
fields of wheat, barley, rye and corn.
Oats are rarely attacked. The female
chinch bug deposits her eggs about the
roots of grasses and grain plants. In
early days the insect doubtless sub
sisted on the native grasses, but it
readily acquired a taste for exotic
kinds.
Last summer Entomologist-in-Chief
Howard of the Department of Agricul
ture found chinch hups in the act of
destroying the lawn in a Brooklyn,
park.
In 1897 an assistant of Professor How
ard's collected chinch bugs from coarse
grass, incrusted with a salty deposit, in
the Colorado Desert of California. This
locality is considerably below the ocean
level and represents an ancient exten
sion of the Gulf of California.
The immunity of the chinch bug from
attacks by natural enemies is so strik
ing that it has attracted the attention,
of all ento* '-cists who have made a
study of the species, and all accept this
as indicating that it is an exotic, not
originally belonging to our insect fauna.
Professor "Webster's theory is that the
bug is of tropical seashore origin, and
worked its way northward centuries
ago by way of the east coast of Cen
tral America. Apparently the chinch
bug occupied the most of the country
prior to its occupancy by the white
man, and its first * depredations were
caused by its coming in contact with
the advance of civilization.
Not until within the last fifteen years
has the chinch bug been known to work
serious and widespread injury east of
the Allegheny Mountains, north of Vir
ginia; and west of these mountains
they have done scarcely any damage
north and east of a line drawn from
Chicago southeast to Cincinnati.
Thousands of farmers in Ohio never
saw a chinch bug until within the last
four years, and there are thousands
more in Northwestern Ohio, Southern
Michigan and Northern Indiana that
even yet would not be able to recognize
one were they to see it among their
growing grain. RENE BACHE.
2122
THESE MONKS HAVE SPOKEN ONLY TWICE IN FIFTY YEARS
THE -muffled knell of a deep
chested bell wafted through the
crisp, cold air of a Kentucky
morning summoned, on October
2<.to a ceremony of unusual im
port the Trappist monks of (ieth^>
mane Abbey. This ceremony, the in
stallation of a now abbot, has been per
formed only once before within the sa
cred precincts of this holy place, and
for this occasiop the solitary and silent
brotherhood were given a freedom
which comes to them only once in many
years, and the memory of which will
serve to lltrhten many weary hours of
toil and solitary penitence.
Pay after day the Trappist monks go
their narrow way In silence ami in
eolitude. They speak to no one — not
even to their brothers— and when
through illness or want they are com-
pell°d to break silence it is only per
missible through a special dispensa
• or the prior.
"What little earthly joy is theirs comes
from- within, and the"hours not spent in
r and n ■ ditation they devote to
tilling the soil. It is. a custom of the
Trappists to settle in localities where
the land needs cultivating?, and their
persistent labor transforms barren
wastes Into fruitful, yielding groves
arid gardens.
SECTIONS OF SAN FRANCISCO
WHERE DISEASE IS PREVALENT
The Board of Health has just issued a series of maps indicating the localities in the city where diphtheria, pneumonia,
typhoid fever and kindred diseases are reported to be most virulent. The object of issuing the map is to
warn property-owners and residents that by proper improvements and remedies the infected sections can be
raised' to the level of health of the rest of the city. The map shows Chinatown to be the most infected district.
THE Board of Health of San Francisco has just issued a map show
ing the districts in which certain diseases are most prevalent and
also the points where the most deaths have occurred during the
last fiscal year. Three localities in the city stand out prominent
ly on this "sickness map": Chinatown, the Latin quaiter and the section
generally called -'South of Market street.'*
The total number of deaths in the Latin quarter for this year was
257. This is the district bounded by Powell, Greenwich,
Broadway and Sansome streets.
In Chinatown there were 540 deaths, about 120 of which were
Caucasians and Africans. Chinatown includes the district bounded
t>y Kearny, Powell, California and Broadway.
Eight hundred and four deaths occurred in the district known as
south of Market street, running from First to Eighth streets and
from Market to Brannan streets.
The greatest number of deaths in any one square was 148. This
square is bounded by Pacific, Dupont. Broadway and Stockton streets.
In the Latin quarter there were 21 deaths in the square bounded
by Kearny, Dupont, Broadway and Vallejo streets.
Soutn. of Market street, in the square bounded by Folsom, Harri
son, Sixth and Fifth streets, there were 55 deaths.
The largest number of deaths in any one square in the Mission
was 13.
In the Western Addition 10 deaths is the maximum number for
one square.
Below will be found the explanation for this extraordinary mor
tality in certain sections of the city.
THE distribution of the most viru
lent and contagious diseases In
San Franciscu is shown by the
accompanying map. it Is the
first of its kind ever published In
this city, and one of a very few of
similar nature published in other cities
qt the United States. The data upon
. which it is based are the figures and a
new 'series of most graphic and useful
maps prepared by Statistician Will D.
Griffin of the Health Department for
the annual report of 1897-98.
Only, a glance at the map is required
to. discover the location of the nursery
of. San Francisco's sickness. In the
area known as Chinatown and its im
mediate environment the total number
at deaths from all diseases during the
fiscal year 1897-98 was 540, notwith
standing that this area contains only
twelve pquares. Of this number of
deaths less than one hundred were not
Chinese..
Xt is common knowledge in the Health
.pepartment that all sick Chines. ■ In
San Francisco go to the Chinatown dis
trict to die. They carry with them
iht-o their hovels tuberculosis, fevers,
pulmonary complaints and saturate
the air with the deadly germs they
breathe. The result is that not even
the East Side of New York or the for
eign quarter of any American city is
more given to fatal diseases.
The one block bounded by
Dupont, Stockton, Broadway and
Pacific streets reported the ex
traordinary number of 148 deaths
during the fiscal year. Other blocks
in the same vicinity reported aggre
gates' running from 25 to 81 deaths.
.That these large numbers are alto
gether abnormal is made evident by
Comparison with other parts of the
city, wh.-re from 10 to 13 is the great
est total recorded In any one square.
The several lines in the map are
drawn to embrace only the territory
within which the greatest number of
diseases have been reported. Scat
tering cases have occurred in other
sections, b u t the cases within the lines
*re In the proportion of from three up
Jhey Elected a NeW Abbott the Other Day in Their Kentucky Jiome, and in the Gelebration That Ensued the pigid J?ule of Silence Was Broken for One Day.
These monks ris« at 4 o'clock in the
morning, and until the first ray of the
Bun unr.'tun ■( s the coming of day the
hours are spent in prayer and penance.
Their fire- is coarse, brown bread, and
for drink pure water servies. As soon
as it i: ; lie-ht enough they begin the
daily routine of sowing and reaping,
varying this with religious exercises.
There are in the United States only
two such monasteries — one at Gethse
mane, Nelson County, Ky., and the
other n*-ar Dubuque, lowa. In the en
tiro world there are only a thousand of
these monks, who have taken upon
themselves voluntarily the arduous life
of prayer and solitude,' contemplation,
labor and prlvatjon.
The order was founded in the year
400 by St. Bernard, on much" the same
plan as it exists to-day, but the de
mands were so great that the disci
pline was for a time relaxed, until, in
LIOO, it was restored by the Abbey of
Citeaux, and the name Cistercian
Monks was adopted. Pome years later
the rules were again modified. Finally,
at the Abbey of La Trappy in the year
the Influence of Abbot Huaz re
instated the strict rule of former years,
and from that time forward it has re
mained, the monks bearing the name
df Trappistß.
When a Trappist monk grows old
and feels the end approaching h° finds
time from his other labors to begin the
to fifty to one of those outside the i
lines.
Scarlet and typhoid fever are spread
over the largest expanse, but they are
correspondingly lighter in number. In
no case, outside of the military camps,
which were not fully reported in the
fiscal year, were there more than four
to six fatalities in any one block.
Similarly with the pneumonia, pluer- •
isy and other acute lung diseases, the
deaths and cases reported extended i
farther into th Western Addition than
any of the other marked diseases. The
same diseases, however, congest in the
Chinese and Latin quarters.
Diphtheria is found unexpectedly In
numerous instances on so elevated a
section as Bernal Heights. But It ap
pears to center in the three sections in j
which the other accentuated diseases
concentrate. ' 3 -. "S- ;•
This concentrating of diseases In cer- !
tain well-defined, districts of the city is :
the most interesting and useful aspect
of the exhibit. The lines embracing tu
berculosis, the fevers, the lung com
plaints and diphtheria cross and in
clude much of the same ground in and
about the Chinese quarter; also the
ground south of Market down to Bry
ant and between First and Eighth
streets; also a limited area in the Mis
sion between Guerrero and Harrison j
and Seventeenth arid - Twenty-third !
streets.: ■■.-, ■'-.'- /■[<
In the south of Market street section
the statistician reports 804 deaths. In |
what is known as the "Latin Quarter,"
bounded by Sansome and Powell and :
Broadway' and Greenwich/ the statis- !
tician reports 187 deaths. In the Chi- i
nese quarter, as previously stated, 540. j
In the Mission, section the total was
about 200, the section in which all of i
the more acute diseases "were, recorded ;
being of comparatively limited extent. i
The effects of good sewerage, clean liv
ing, clean streets and the notorious San
Francisco winds, it is claimed by the i
Health Department officials, are shown
in the representations of this map. The I
immunity of the far northwestern por
tion of the city and of the sections far
ther south, which gel Ihe strong after- J
noon and ocean breezes, is looked, upon I
as an unmistakable demonstration of I
the benefits of these otherwise some- !
what disagreeable winds.
. Baltimore and Washington are two of
the few. cities which have made similar
maps of annual health conditions. .By. j
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 189 S.
digging of his own grave, an occupation
that must indeed be conducive to sol
emn and religious thought.
The abbey at Gethsemane, in which
the interesting ceremonies took place
a few days ago, was founded in IS4B.
The entrance is through a long walk of
fine old trees, which form an arbored
way, at this season melancholy with
falling leaves, of red and gold rustling
in the autumn wind.
Here all is quiet and peaceful, and
the days come and go with unvarying
monotony. Only a few miles away,
however, in the little towns of New
Hope and Coon Hollow, large factories
are noisily engaged in the product for
which Kentucky is famous all the
world over. But the residents of the
neighborhood seldom see or hear any
thing of the busy monks, and it is only
when the big bell tolls that they ar«»
made aware of anything unusual in the
monastery.
The return to France of Father Ea
ward, the fir^t abbot consecrated In the
monastery, necessitated the selection of
a successor, and the Rev. Edmund
Obrecht, O. C. P.. was elected by th«
professed monks to- fill the vacancy,
the professed monks are those who have
been in the monastery for seven years
and who have taken the final vows of
the order.
Consecration of the new abbot took
place in the chapel of the abh^- and
the blessing was conferred by the Right
their Instructiveness the authorities
hay" been tible to impress upon the
general public the need of supporting
systematic efforts to improve the sani
itary conditions and reduce the num
ber of deaths in the affected sections.
After a numb-- of years of continued
labor the so-called "pest holes" of these
cities have been eradicated and the
general health of the city improved ac
cordingly.
The annual publication of the Health
Department of San Francisco for the
Rev. TVilliam George McCloskey,
Bishop of Louisville. The monastery
for once had lust its simple character,
and the vaulted chapel was festooned
with evergreens swung 1 in long loops
from the arches and pillars and caught
up in a knot just in front of the altar,
where also rested several American
past fiscal year will ontain numerous
demonstrations, whereby the most Im
mediate sanitary needs of our city may
become better understood.
Th» hansom rab of our day started In
life as "the patent safety." The patent
of that safety vehicle has long since ex
pired; anybody may come to grief in It.
Here, for instance, is the "Sufferer," of
Arthur's Club, who "ventilates" his ac
cident. A hansom horse came down with
him six weeks ago. and by the operation
of its first plunge sent the Sufferer's head
clean through the double glasses of the
window folded above it, cutting an artery
and; making the appearance of a surgeon
providential. The driver, too, waa dam
aged. "When he came out of the hospital
he railed upon his tare and explained how
it all happened. The fare was sitting too
far forward, it seems: when the horse
slipped it was unable to recover itself. The
straight tip la to sit as far back in yuur
hansom v possible, and put your feel
agninst the footboard. The up-to-date
hansom, though, has no footboard! and
you do not always ride with the door open.
You will do well, anyhow, never to have
the window down, and always t<> wear a
tall hat. If the Sufferer had taken this
latter precaution his head would have
been a long way from going clean through
the glass. — London Pall Mall CJazette.
flags.
The stars and stripes were In evi
dence elsewhere in the chapel and
without the walls, and seemed to indi
cate that, despite the seclußiveness of
the order, the monks were not without
some knowledge of current affairs.
In the chapel, not ordinarily open to
BRANDING SEALS TO SAVE
THEM FROM THE POACHERS
}-!oW the Idea Was Adopted and Carried Out by the Federal Cjov>err\mer\t
FORT COLLINS, Polo., Nov. 25.—
One man's originality has done
more to settle the sealing ques
tion that has vexed four nations
for forty years than any other
one thing. Arid this man was neither
a diplomat nor a great international
lawyer — he waa simply a special agent
for the United States Treasury Depart
ment, who went quietly to Alaska and
lived there for ten years, until he had
solved the problem.
His remedy was as astonishingly
simple as it was original. He sug
gested ruining the skins of breeding
Diagran) Showing Where the Various Diseases Prevail in
San Francisco.
wild seals by branding, thus making
them valueless to the pelagic fishers,
who have caused so much trouble and
loss along the Canadian coast. When
he proposed this plan to the Govern
ment, this and tho idea of fencing in
wild seals, it was rejected at first with
scorn. Later it was accepted, and since
the world at large, some curious con
trasts were seen. The smooth-shaven
monks In their gowns and cowls of
coarse stuffs elbowed in and out among
laymen and churchmen In broadcloth.
From an overhanging gallery women in
modish gowns, rosy cheeked with the
unusual excitement, stood side by side
with wives of Kentucky moonshiners,
dressed in bright cotton fabrics and the
conventional sunbonnet of the moun
tain folk. Women are rigorously ex
cluded from the monastery, but these
had gained an entrance by climbing an
outside wall, and at the risk of torn
clothes and scratched faces they man
aged to view the ceremony from a point
of vantage.
The ceremony itself was impressive.
At a little after 10 o'clock the bell
ceased tolling, and a long line of black
robed acolytes entered the chapel, bear
ing candles, which threw a weird glow
upon the wan faces of the monks when
they went to take their places a few
moments later. Following the acolytes
was the bishop, in a trailing robe of
purple, and the abbot, in a gown of
spotless white that shimmered and
shone in the light of the waxen tapers.
Then appeared the abbots of the Bene
dictine and Cistercian orders, and lastly
th» monks of Opthsemane chanting a
it has been put Into practice the con
scienceless pelagic sealers have been
put to it to make a living.
President Jordan of Stanford Uni
versity was also deeply interested in
this plan and it was owing to his in
dorsement of it that it was put to a
practical test. In fact President Jor
dan seems to have had the idea about
as soon as Mr. Murray. He went north
during the summer about six years ago
and tried the experiment on his own
responsibility. It was so successful
that he put forth his best efforts to get
the United States Government to make
it a practice.
Just recently Joseph Murray, who
was this quiet but most Important fac
tor in the seal question, returned to his
home In Fort Collins, Colo., after ten
years in Alaska. He brought his report
with him, but before he could present
it he was suddenly stricken with pa
ralysis and died on October 4.
And there is but little doubt that
the entire Amerl.an fisheries would
weird hymn that rose and lost itself In
the vaulted roof.
Reading the Papal decree and trie
Confession of Faith find the examina
tion of Father Obrecht were first gone
through with. Then the new abbot ad
vanced to the steps of the altar and,
prostrating himself, offered up a fer
vent prayer for blessing on his work.
From t*he rear of the chapel came the
subdued voices of the monks chanting
penitential hymns, while the celebra
tion of the pontifical mass and the Pro
Nobis were solemnly read. Then tha
new abbot kneit before the altar and.
amid the swelling strains of the Te
Deum." Bishop McCloskey pronounced
the benediction.
An interesting feature of the service
was the conferring of the miter, giving
the abbot the power of a bishop, and
the crozier. or shepherd's crook, having
reference to his position at the head of
the fold. The crozier presented to
Father Obrecht is an elaborate affair,
composed of more than 7000 pieces of
wood. It was put together by Father
Timothy, a monk In the abbey, who
spent ten years on the work.
Final services consisted in placing
upon the abbot's finger a ring, signify
ing that thenceforward he was wedded
to the order. Then the bell-ringers sent
forth a joyous peal which echoed and
re-echoed for miles and bore tidings
that for one day at least the monks of
Gethsomane had given themselves over
to rejoicing.
have been depleted had not some means
been adopted to stem the tide of pela
gic slaughter. And so rapacious
have been the pelagic sealers that
our Government has even con
templated the killing of all of our
herds in order to circumvent the
conscienceless marauders of the north
seas. But humane scruples intervened
and no such extreme measures have
been resorted to. Various methods,
however, were adopted by our Govern
ment by which the herds, although ter
ribly decimated, have been kept intact
and a sufficient number of seals re
main. If properly protected, to perpetu
ate the snecies. The first step taken to
ward conserving the herds was the an
nual branding of the female seals. This
experiment was suggested to Mr. Mur
ray's mind by the custom in vogue in
Colorado and other States of the West
of branding of cattle, with which he
was well acquainted. The purpose to
I be attained was to make the skins of
the female peals valueless for eommer
i cial uses, and thus render the animals
immune from the ravages of the pela
gic sealers. The idea was received by
j the higher authorities with but little
favor at nrst, but consent was finally
given to have the experiment tried.
Those opposing it expressed a fear that
if the branding did not absolutely de
stroy the life of the seal, it would im
pair its reproductive faculties. The
experiment was first tried upon adult
seals. A full-grown seal with a pud at
her size was first to be branded, and
the iron was brought to a white heat
and the animal branded to the very
quick, yet but little p;iin was mani
fested by the seal, and as soon as the
operation was done the old seal went to
her pup and calmly nursed it. After
some 350 adult female seals had been
hranded, the branding was confined to
pup seals between the age of three and
four months. The entire back of the
animal, from hip to shoulder, is grid-
Ironed with deeply burned scars, so
that the skin is rendered absolutely
valueless for the manufacture of furs,
and the animal is left to breed by the
open sea sealers.
The special agent then directed his
efforts to the preservation of the male
seals. The open or pelagic season un
der the present international agreement
between the United States and Great
Britain extends from the first of Au
gust until the first of October. This
period is included within the breeding
season, when the seals, both male and
female, old and younsr. are inhabiting
the rookeries. The breeding females
are caring for their young, the breed
ing males or bulls have charge of their
harems, while the non-breeding males
or "bachelors" are compelled by the
bulls to herd by themselves. The males
take little or no food during this sea
son, while the females are obliged to
go to sea dai'- to obtain food in or
der properly to nourish their young.
Scattered over the seal islands are
numerous lakes and lagoons, connect
ing with the sea b- means of narrow
inlets, through which these smaller
bodies of water are supplied with fresh
j water by the action of two tides dally.
From San Francisco the special agent
had transported a large quantity of
•wire nettin' with which he fenced these
lakes and lagoons about, leaving open
in~a through which the seals could be
driven and which could be closed by
means of £_ates. The bachelor seals
were driven into these inclosures about
the first of August and kept until the
! first of October, and having plenty of
; fresh water to disport In and by na-*
ture requiring no food, were kept In
good condition until the open season
j had exnlred. when they were let out
I and allowed to frequent the open sea
again. These methods have been so ef
fective in their results that the pelagic
sealers have become well nigh discour
aged.
The tramp would rather go to Jail
| than be caught in the toils.HERE'S A MINISTER WHO HYPNOTISES THE WAYWARD MEMBERS OF HIS FLOCK.
Several of Them Testify That He Has Cured Them of Smoking and Drinking; But the Conservative Members Don't Like It, and Openly Declare That Such Actions Savor More of the Hypnotist Than
:•; ■•: . . the Minister.
Special to the Sunday Call.
FRESNO, Nov. 17.— Should a min
ister of the Gospel practice hyp
notism?
This is the rather peculiar
question -which is being dis
cussed in church circles in this
.city. This agitation is the result of sev
":>fnl remarkable cures which Dr. J. K.
Carpenter, pastor of the South Metho
dist Church, has effected by means of
• : . Hypnotism. He has cured the cigarette
: habit, drunkenness and dyspepsia —
throe things which the reverend gen
: Neman declares do not yield readily to
" : preaching.
Dr. Carpenter has been in Fresno for
. the last throe years, having come here
from Stockton, where he was pastor of
the Orarp Methodist Episcopal Church.
Jl^ has been very popular in this City,
; and his sermons have been character
ize^ by broadness and even radical
views. He has been enterprising and
progressive, and under his pastorate
the present handsome church — the
handsomest in the city— was built. At
the last conference Rev. Mr. Carpenter
was assigned to a charge in New Mcx
■ ico', and left a few days ago for his new
. field.
When a Sunday Call correspondent
Referred to the objections raised by
; pome of the townspeople about his hyp
• notic feats— abjections which are not
arly defined, but still objections— the
iriister said rather warmly:
"Such people would burn witches.
Th-ere are people in this town to-day
who would burn witches. Yes, sir,
:'• would burn witches, for what was a
witch but a hypnotist?"
"Then you contend that it is perfectly
proper for a minister to hypnotize —
that is, becoming to his station and all
that?"
"I most assuredly do. Why, take a
drunkard, for instance. In nine cases
out of ten — yea, ninety-nine out of a
hundred— you might preach to him un
til the crack of doom and you could not
induce him to change his ways, to re
form, become a sober citizen and an
ornament to society. Preaching does
riot reach him. but you give me five
minutes with that same man and allow
me to get him under the influence of i
suggestion, and I'll cure him.
"And right here." continued the
rgyman, warming to his subject, "let :
tell you that I do not hypnotize— :
• that is. except in rare cases. 1 can hyp
•:ze and sometimes do, but in my i
rk I find it unnecessary to thorough- ;
Iy hypnotize any one. You know when
;. person is hypnotized he is unco..- ,
us of all surroundings. Now. hardly
of those upon whom I have oper
i have been unconscious. I merely ;
them under my control, put their
bodies in a relaxed condition and get
a under the influence of suggestion.
i then tell them they have no further
-ire to smoke or to drink,, and they
• ■ not. Except in rare cases I do
believe in thorough hypnotism."
"•Do you object to it upon moral
or upon physical grounds?"
"Purely physical. I have seen per
sons under hypnotic influence and I do i
• think it is or can be good. But i
in the case of two evils we sometimes ]
• the lesser." j
"How long have you been practicing <
■.hypnotism ?" t
Nearly all my life. I have always 1
had a latent power, which I never
called by any particular name. My t
mother noticed th? power when I was y
a child. She discovered that I could c
• a sick headache by merely pass- r
i'-.e my hand close to the person's fore- t
QUEER IDEAS OF FEMALE BEAUTY
In some parts of the world the shape of the head is of great importance. Many American Indians ad
mire a head so extremely flattened as to appear to us idiotic. The natives of the norchwest coast compress the
head into a pointed cone, while the inhabitants of Arakhan admire a broad, smooth forehead, and in order to
produce it they fasten a plate of lead on the heads of the new-born children.
IT is curious to note the queer ideas
of beauty •which characterize dif
ferent nations. In Fiji the native
women paint their faces with red
•' and white stripes as an ornament,
v" The .women of Greenland cover their
.'•• faces with blue and yellow, while
'.Arabian beauties stain their lips blue
and their fingers and toes red.
The pearly teeth of the poet and nov
elist would not be valued by some of
•the Eastern and Polynesian nations.
: In Macassar the women paint their
teeth red and yellow in such a way that
a red tooth follows a yellow one, and
: alternately: The teeth of the Ton
quin-ese are as black as art can make
. them. The dyeing occupies three or
four days, and is done to both boys and
girls when they are about twelve years
: Df age.
' .'During the whole operation, says Tit
Bits, they never take any nourishment
' for fear of being poisoned by the pig
ment if they swallowed what required
: mastication. Every person, high and
low. rich and poor, is obliged to under
go this somewhat objectionable opera
tion, as it is alleged that it would be a
; disgrace to human nature to have
teeth white like those of dogs or ele
•j phants.
■ : - In Japan fashion compels married
. women to blacken their teeth, not, how
ever, as an ornament, but to make
: them. more ugly and save them from
. temptation. t - aa ,^
■ The Sunda Islanders sometimes
blacken all the teeth but two with
burned cocoanut. covering the two ex
■ cepted teeth with thin plates of gold
■■or silver. The same tribe is in the habit
jf employing their old women to dress
up the teeth of the youths and maidens
at wooing times. The canine teeth are
• .filed to a line, smooth edge, and the
'body of the tooth made concave, , or
they will notch the edge of the teeth
like a fine saw as an additional means
"of beautifying. »
This mutilation of the teeth is ob
served by many of the savage or un
civilized races in various parts of the
' world. In the Malay Archipelago the
' natives ille their teeth into points like
those of a saw or pierce- them with
holes, into which they insert studs. The
Macassar people sometimes pull out
two front teeth in order to supply their
■ places with teeth of pure gold or silver.
Some African tribes knock out their
front teeth, on the ground that they do
not wish to look like beasts. On the
Upper Nile four front teeth are always
knocked out, but further south only
the two upper incisors are dispensed
™In some parts of the world the shape'
of the head is of great importance.
Many American Indians admire a head
bo extremely flattened as to appear to
us idiotic. The natives of the north
west coast compress the head into a
pointed cone, while the Inhabitants of
■ Arakhan admire a broad, smooth fore- j
head, and in order to produce it they ;
fasten a plate of lead on the heads of
• the new-born children. ' : . r >--/
■ In some countries the feminine head- j
■:/ r . . . ■
head, without oven touching: the pa
tient. I afterward studied mesmerism
and also hypnotism.
"My object in practicing hypnotism
as a minister is simply to do good.
Now I want it understood that I do not
make a business of it, but, as they say
at the restaurant, it is merely 'on the
side.' My calling is that of a min
ister, but I believe that a minister
should be more than that word ordi
narily implies. A true minister should
be both a teacher and a healer, as
Christ was. I have never received any
money for any of my treatments.
"A prominent lady whose daughter I
cured of a love for liquor was so grate
ful that she wanted to richly repay
me, but I refused; not because I did
not consider it legitimate, but because
it was not my business.
"Now I have six and eight cases a
day. There are two young men wait
ing for me now— poor boys, hopelessly
addicted to cigarettes. Practicing is a
great physical strain on me. It depletes
me. . I don't mind one or two cases,
but six or eight in one day are too
many."
Dr. Carpenter's cures have not been
confined to smoking and drinking. He
has cured an affection of the eye, dys
pepsia and a number of complaints of
a nervous character. His fame has
spread in a quiet way and people from
different parts of the State have come
here to be treated by him.
Among those treated by Mr. Carpen
ter was W. S. Badger, a prominent
young attorney. He went to him to be
cured of the tobacco habit. The treat
ment was most successful. In fact,
two birds were killed with one stone,
gear is carried to singular extrava
gance. The Chinese lady carries on her
hi id the figure of a bird, which is com
i of copper or gold, according to
the quality of theowner. Th" Myantse
women carry on their heads a thin
board, about a foot long and six Inches
broad. With this they cover their hair
and seal it with wax.
With th*-- Tahltians to ba called "long
nope" Is considered an insult, and they
compress the noses and foreheads of
their children for the sak- of beauty.
The same custom is prevalent among
the Malays and th" natives of BrazlL
Tn some parts of the world the nose is
pierced, rings, sticks, feathers and
other ornaments being inserted in the
holes.
The ancient Egyptians and Assyrians
used paint to make their eyebrows seem
wider; the Arabians of the present day
go a step further in the use of paint.
They endeavor to produce the impres
sion that their eyebrows grow down to
the middle of the nose arid meet there.
Persian women paint a black line
around their eyes and ornament their
faces with a variety of figures. The In
HOMES OF THE VIRGIN MARY-SITE PRESENTED TO THE POPE BY EMPEROR WILLIAM
A MEMORABLE Incident of the
CJerman Kaiser's last week in Jer
usalem was the presentation to
him by the Sultan of a small lot
of ground reputed to be the site
; of the Virgin Mary's home in that city.
The Kaiser promptly turned the lot
over to the Pope, to be held j n trust for
the Catholics of Germany. This lot is
not, as some of the papers have assert
ed, a vacant on- says the New y,, r k
! Herald. A two-story establishment de
| voted to business purposes has stood
j there for the last two centuries. This
I will probably be torn down and a
; chapel or church will be erected upon
|it. The attendant excavations may re
veal something to confirm or deny the
'■ tradition that here the Virgin Mary
i lived with her son during t'.ie last three
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
for the lawyer was also cured of dys
pepsia, although it may be that his re
fraining from smoking was accountable
for the disappearance of his dyspepsia.
He speaks very highly of Dr. Carpen
ter's treatment and not even a cam
paign cigar tempted him to take a few
whiffs.
Another person treated successfully
was Elmer E. Hartsough, runner for
the Grand Central Hotel. His experi
ence is best told in his own words.
"Say, that's all right. Now let me
tell you, for eight years I smoked cigar
ettes all the time — well, I won't say all
the time — but I smoked a package of
tobacco a day easy. "Why, you never
saw me but I was rolling a cigarette or
smoking one. Well, I was persuaded
to go to the minister. Dr. Carpenter,
for treatment. I didn't believe in it
and I said so.
"He said to mo: 'You don't have to.'
"Well, he kind of hypnotized me and
said: 'You won't have any further de
sire to smoke.'
"I laughed, but when 1 got outside
th>- first thing I did was to throw away
a bag of tobacco and a bunch of cigar
ette papers and I haven't smoked since.
1 just haven't any desire at all. That's
right."
Led Winohell, who is employed in
Genera] Muller's office, is another man
who was successfully treated for the
cigarette habit. He had been an in
veterate smoker for years. "I tell you
it's wonderful." he explained. "I had
been trying to quit smoking for years
but could not do it. I took all
sorts of cures for tobacco, but
they didn't do me any good. Since Dr.
Carpenter treated me I haven't had any
dians of Paraguay eradicate their eye
brows and eyelashes, saying that they
do not wish to look like horses.
In China and neighboring countries
the finger nails are allowed to grow to
a monstrous length as a symbol of no
bility, ladies wearing silver cases to
protect them. In pome parts of Africa
yellow or purple nails are considered
fashionable, while the Turkish women
tinge their nails with a blue color.
ACTRESSES WHO MARRIED
MILLIONAIRES.
EVERY time an actress marries a
young man of wealth and social
position there is a stir, as if it were
an unusual occurrence. But the truth
is that it has been going on ever since
the introduction of women upon the
acting stage.
It is half a century ago that Mary
Taylor, who was then the reigning fav
orite of the town, left the stage at the
invitation of wealth. She was without
] years of his life, when he appeared to
| the world as a prophet and Messiah.
There are many spots in the Holy Land
which are associated with the mother
of dnd. She was a native of Nazareth.
Christ was born to her at Bethlehem.
He was brought up under her care at
Nazareth. Later the family domicile
was transferred to Jerusalem. After
the crucifixion, according to the legend,
Mary fled with St. John the evangelist
to Ephesus, where the beloved disciple
built her a house, in which she spent
i her last days.
In Nazareth is still pointed out the
remains of what is claimed to be the
erstwhile home of the holy family. This
is now a portion of the Latin convent, a
large, square building inclosed by a
wall. A chapel known as the Church of
the Annunciation rises over the spot,
but underneath the church are shown
desire to smoke."
The objections of certain' townspeople
to a minister practicing hypnotism are,
as yet, not well defined. Most' of the
objectors think that it does not become
a minister's station. In fact, one
prominent church member declares
that Dr. Carpenter is not a minister
at all. but a hvnnotist. Despite all the
objectors the doctor goes serenely on
his way practicing what he preaches
and the deacons of the church smile on
him approvingly.
■ ♦ ■
The most extensive system of seacoast
defense in the world is being rapidly
completed at this point in connection with
the original fortification of Fort Monroe.
Great progress was made on the original
plans of the Fortification Board during
the war, much of the $50,000,000 emergency
appropriation being expended here. Just
why the remaining work on these plans
and the extensions of the scheme of de
fenses is being completed in such haste
no one appears to know. The engineer
officers in charge of the work express
their pleasure at the disappearance of the
annoying series of delays experienced in
inaugurating the work. The almost anti
quated original Fort Monroe and the two
modern disappearing gun batteries, and
mortar battery will shortly be increased
by the addition of three concrete emplace
ments for disappearing guns of 10-inch
caliber, and the original work will be
further strengthened by the construction
of a concrete emplacement within the
walls of the orieinal stone fort. in which
will be installed a disappearing gun , of
ten or twelve inch caliber. Added to
these improvements are the four rapid
fire guns and the 8-inch rifles on the para
pet, erected in anticipation of an attack
by the Spanish fleets. : '.
doubt one of the most popular as well
as one of the most beautiful of the act
resses of her time.
Miss Josephine Shaw is probably the
best known to us of the early list by
her continuing" to ant for some time
after she married John Hoey of the
Adams Express Company.
It may be said in passing that Clara
Morris also married a flour merchant,
but declined to go to Buffalo to live,
preferring to retire upon a manorial es
tate at Riverdale.
Mary Anderson is probably the most j
brilliant example in the present pcn
eratinn of this alliance of stage art and I
s< ciety. No other woman of our time
had so flowery a path over the boards.
Then there was Edith Kingdon of
Daly's company, an attractive and es
timable stock actress, whose salary
never probably exceeded $60 a week, but '
who one day suffered it to be an- j
nounced that she was going to marry j
George Gould, the son of what had been
the richest man in America. Her pin i
money is now at least J.'0.000 a year.
Almost coincident with Mary Ander-*.
son's inarrlatce was that of Annie Robe,
who had suddenly flashed out at H'al
lack's Tl. eater, and of Virginia Dreher
at Daly's.
It was hardly so with Fay Temple
ton, whose ultimate marriage with
Howard Osborne provided continual
surprises for the ~>ublic.
The late Margaret Mather, whose
stage career had for its inception a
wealthy brewer, succeeded, after the
most adventurous stage career, in fall
ing into the arms of a young and very
wealthy Milwaukee brewer.
the kitchen, parlor and bedroom of the |
Virgin and the workshop of Joseph.
Ittis a little difficult to reconcile these i
details with the other legend of the
Santa Casa, or holy house of Loreto,
in Italy. The Santa Casa is reputed
to be the veritable house wherein the
Virgin Mary lived at Nazareth, which,
during the night of May 12. 1291. was
miraculously severed from its founda
tions and borne through the air by an
gels to Tesalto, in Illyria, and trans
ferred thence, three years later, by the
same agency, to Loreto. In Loreto it
stands to this day, and there the great
est saints of the church, Popes, sover
eigns, Princes, the noble, the wealthy
and the good have continuou.sly
thronged for the last six centuries,
leaving offerings of gold and silver and
precious stones, whi<>ti make ft to-day
one of the richest shrines in the world.
Novel Features of the PARIS EXPOSITION
Our electricians are to be much in evidence at the exposition, for American electrical machinery manu
facturers are to provide electrical machinery valued at $1,000,000. Edison's wonderful electrical show, which,
created such a sensation in 1889, will be represented, with the addition of his later triumphs.
AMERICANS are to have some of
the most novel features at the
great exposition in 1900, and ap
plication has been made for siaee
in which to erect a splendid
theater and roof garden to be called the
American Theater. This is to be given
over to American vaudeville, drama
and opera by American artists of the
first rank. Negotiations have been
opened with Richard Mansfield, actor;
Nat Goodwin, comedian; Lillian Rus
sell, comic opera prima donna, and
Nordica, opera singer, for perform
ances. It b proposed that the attrac
tions, the operas, the actors, the scenes
and the costumes shall be all thorough
ly American. John Philip Sousa has
been asked to conduct the roof prome
nade concerts.
Our electricians are to be much in ev
idence at the exposition, for American
electrical machinery manufacturers are
to provide electrical machinery valued
at $1,000,000. Edison's wonderful elec
trical show, which created such a sen
The precise spot in Bethlehem where
the stable stood in which Christ was
born is marked by the Church of the
Nativity, originally built, according to
tradition, in the year 330 by the Em
peror Constantine. Part of the ma
sonry attributed to Constantine is still
extant, but most of the older work
dates from the time of Justinian, about
sf>o. Additions and alterations have
been made from time to time since
then, until the church as it stands is
practically a medieval structure. The
stable itself is a cave beneath the
church. Thus the cycle of tradition in
regard to the spots consecrated by the
presence of Christ as infant, boy and
man was completed at a very early
date. But the legend which took up
the story of the Virgin's life after the
death of Christ had no domiciliary wit
ness to its truth until on July 29, 1891,
. sation in 1889, '"' be represented with
| the addition of his later triumphs.
America will have the largest foreign
' display at the exposition. Germany
and Russia have each appropriated $1,
250,000 and England £100 ,00. but this
country, while it has not yet appropri
ated its full sum. will give its check for
an amount far in advance of any of
j these.
) American artists are to be represented
in the building of painting and statu
ary, and the processes of mechanical
electricity and civil engineering will be
also wen represented. The products of
the earth, agriculture, horticulture, for
estry, the chase fisheries, placer min
ing, food stuffs nnd metallurgy have all
received attention from the American
exhibitors, and exhibits of decorations
and furnishings, including textile fab
rics, chemical industry, threads, yarns
and tissues, will also be shown. We
will have an immense department of
hygiene and one of public and organ
i ized charities. It will be in all ways a
magnificent exhibit.
At the World's Fair all of Jackson
Park and the Midway Plaisance, 740
acres in all, were devoted to the ex
the last home of the Virgin was discov
ered under the ruins of the ancient city
of Ephesus, in Asia Minor.
This discovery was made by the su
perior of the College of the Propagan
da in Smyrna. He was led to tfce search
by accident. A little volume by one
Catherine Emerieh. a German peasant
grirl of the seventeenth century, fell
into his hands. She professed to have
been enlightened in a vision as to the
precise locality of the sacred spot. She
gave full directions and a description
of the house. Tho directions were fol
lowed. The house was found exactly
as described. In 1596 the Pope decided
upon the plans for a grand cathedral
which is to inclose the ruins for the fu-
ture veneration of the faithful. It now
only remains to build a suitable memo
rial over the site of the Virgin's home
in Jerusalem.
hibit; but Paris can give only half of
this space. Unfortunately it is decided '
to erect the exposition buildings in the
very heart of the city, and therefore it
cannot be spread out as in the World's
Fair.
The Paris Commissioners, on being .
urged to hold the exposition on the out
skirts of the city, replied that the facil- .
ities for urban traffic were so limited .
that it would be impossible to trans
port the people to the fair. It would be
absolutely necessary to erect it in the
heart of Paris.
It can be imagined how great is the
need of space from the fact that two
and a half acres of ground have been
made by filling along the banks of the
Seine. The gardens and terraces on
both sides of the river will be utilized
and there will be exhibits on each side.
Spanning the Seine and commanding
a view of the exposition will be a new
bridge, to be known as the Pont d'Alex
andre ITI. The cornerstone of this
bridge was laid by Czar Nicholas on
October 19, 1895. Each end of the bridge
will be made a dream of loveliness. .
Pavilions, where will be received the
kings of the earth, are to be erected
along here, and the republic of France
will hold royal court.
Several of the palaces have begun to
rear their heads and others are rap
idly being constructed. The most im
posing buildings will be the two fine
art palaces, which are now being built
on the site of the old Palace de l'lndus
trie. These are to be known as the
Grand Palace dcs Beaux Arts and the
Palais dcs Petits Arts. The sum of |5.
000,000 is being spent upon their con-
Btruction. The Grand Palais holds the
finest productions of France and the
Petit Palais holds the exhibits of for
eign exhibitors. American works will
be exhibited in the Petit Palais.
The Crystal Palace, lighted by elec- ■
tricity, will be a novelty, not only in
beauty, but in electrical workmanship.
The father of the Athenaeum Club of
London is dead. Mr. John Lettsom
Elliott's was a familiar figure in Pall
Mall. He was one of the ornaments of
those "days of the dandies," which he
was never weary of Illustrating by
reminiscences and tales. He was in
timate with most of the celebrities' of
the first half of the century, and had
a rich fund of anecdotes of all and sun
dry with whom, during his long life,
he was thrown into contact. When
the Queen was quite a child he had the
honor of holding her in his arms, and
it is said that her Majesty was, by the
court physician, vaccinated from the
lymph taken from one of his brothers.
He distinctly remembered walking
across the Thames during the great
frost in 1814: he had seen the guards
wearing pigtails; he knew all about the
rejoicings after the victory of Waterloo,
and he was familiar with Queen Caro
line's house on Blackheath.
■■ m ■
A Spanish galleon with a cargo of 17.
000.000 dollars and as many bars of trold
was wrecked on the beach at Gunwal
loe, in the Lizard district of Corn-vaJ.
more than twenty years ago. Dollars
are frequently washed up on the sands.
Helston. an English iron founder, has
just organized a company to exploit
these buried riches.
Happiness often depends upon what
we do with our spare time.
2324
•The Disreputable Fighters Came Into Sight In Tow of the
:'•-- ; Peacemaker.
■: : : Copyright, IS9S, by W. W. Jacobs.
THE harbor -was crowded with fishing boats, and
iresh arrivals were coming in every few minutes.
Until the entrance was reached they came scudding
along with every appearance of haste, but then
their mainsails came tumbling down to the deck,
i».nd the boats with sufficient way left on them
moved easily over the still water and felt their way to a
berth.
.^mall boats conveyed the fish to the quay, where fish
ermen were appraising the catch with a wisdom beyond
Their years.
There was a glut of whiting. So many whiting, and
..going so cheaply that it was enough to make them bite
■ their tails from sheer annoyance. Small flat fish, which
aUd away from their pile, were carefully looked after and
••coaxed back with- the toe of a seaboot, but whiting: slid
away unnoticed until they vanished from mortal ken in
xhe pockets of predatory urchins.
In the Bmall market a short, red-faced man with a
scarlet beard reached In a disparaging fashion from heap
to heap, using a favorite briar in lieu of a hammer to
knock down such lish us fouiid bidders. The latter wera
few and wary ami, turning a deaf ear to eloquence, ex
pressed in crude English opinions distasteful to an auc
tioneers ear.
The sense of the meeting being against him, the auc
tioneer tackled to it. and coming to another heap consist
ing of the most undes . h that swim Britannia's
• realm, gazed at it was a titter behind
him, and he voiced Ins wrath impetuously.
"T ; . ten," he bawled. "S'elp me,
I'd know that man's luck anywhere."
He turned the fish over scornfully with his foot, and
with a seven at the hapless "Gubbs, moved away
■ to something more salable.
"■Where d'ye g< t 'em from, Gubbs?" inquired an ag
gravating voice. "We never get such things in our nets.
I've .■• ■•' them things afore."
"There's a lot you ain't seen, Bob Tarbut," said Gubbs,
•turning upon him, "and what you do see don't do you
/much good.'
"I'd be ashamed to bring home such a queer looking
■ lot," jeered ih~ other.
"They mayn't be up to much, but there's none on 'em
wbiild care to change faces with you, I expect " retorted
Gil;
"You leave my face alone," said Tarout, whose physi
ognomy was much used in the village for purposes of
«o'mparisqn.
■ .."A skate's handsome to you," said Gubbs, following 1
up hi? ad
-.. •■• He jumped back suddenly as the fist of the sensitive
Tarbut shot violently out, and, treading on a small fish
whirled around wildly with his hands in the air in the
effort to retain his balance, and sat down heavily. The
zanders instantly separated into two groups and two
or three 'anxious sympathizers helped the fallen man to
•h « '• those parts of Tarbut's frame
which in their opinion were least adapted to offer resist
■ance to his fist.
_■ "Stand up!" said Gubbs, sternly, as he shook himself
iree from these friends.
l'J' m '■ up." said Tarbut, breathing hard,
v The two combatants approached each oth^r stealthily
. :an<i maneuvering round the heaps of fish, struck safely
-at each other over th?se convenient barriers.
'Gel 'em in 1 • said an excited voice, "they
can t hurt each other here." •
A dozen kindly hands helped them there, and finding
HOW GILLETTE WROTE
"SECRET SERVICE."
.//T^ECRBT SERVICE," William Gil
*^. lette's latest success in the war
■••^V dramas, will open at the Bald- J
r!"'V '■/; win Theater to-morrow night, i
I ■:■. ; .It has been very successful in '
XX- w York and London, and contains :
:■ ■several very striking situations. In i
•^peeking of the way he came to write '
• the play Mr. Gillette said:
': ■'. •'Well, do you know, the idea that
.. was the germ of the play is not in it at
■ Vif," he said. "It is my habit in con- j
•'.-•htructlng a drama to fix my main situ- I
: ntioh in mind and work from it back- ]
. \v aid and forward. In 'Held by the
.Enemy' it was the dead body of a Con
federate spy on a stretcher in a church.
,Iri Secret Service' it was the telegraph
.ecene.
' . "As we do it now, the Confederate
: -secret service agent — Arrelsford, as I
. jcaU him — suspects the Union secret
gervioe man. who is the hero of the
. j-'-ny, of his motive of sending a false
dispatch. He therefore comes to the
raph office and makes his plans to
trap, the Union man and conceals him
eei£rb«fore the latter enters.
./My??vig:ii.ai idea of '.Secret Service"
.. was this, same scene, but I conceived
■r it quite differently at the time. It
Struck ;ne one day, as various things
jessed through my mind, that I would
have this fellow Dumont, th&. Union
' secret ' service man, trying to send a
tiogus dispatch. He has pot every one
.i&u't. of the room except Arrelsford. Ar-
Telsford knows that Dumont is a Union
jnan, but conceals his knowledge. Du
ihGi't. does not know that he is sus-
j »e< led. He invites the Confederate to
have a drink of whisky — the way two
men- will, you know — chatting and
friendly. Dumont tries to drug Arrels
lord's whisky and thinks he has suc
ceeded. Arrelsford. the better to en
trap Dumoru, pretends that he has
p wallowed the- drug and that he is
gradually losing his senses.
"I thought it would be an effective and
artistic thing for Arrelsford to make
Dumont believe that he is drueged.
and at the some time convey to
•the audience the truth that he
■»,•., s only pretending. Arrelsford
was to stagger about, the other
fellow watching him, and at last
fall outside the window. Then Dumont
■W.-2S to send out his false message, or
part of it, and be interrupted by a pis
tor shot, fIF he is now. 1 thought that
his astonishment when he found that
Arrelsford had fooled him would be a
good point.
"By degrees," continued Mr. Gillette,
"the" present treatment of the scene
was developed with all the incidents
connected therewith, scarcely one of
which resembles my original idea. It
often happens this v.ay in the develop
" ment of plays. The central incident is
ultimately made use of in a manner en
tirely different from the original con
ception. I had the idea in mind for ten
year's before I put pen to paper on it.
"For a time I thought of adapting
this scene of the captured dispatch of
fice to the Revolutionary War ana
The Peace Makers
too much strategy for sport in a large ring, at the bidding
of the resourceful individual who had last spoken, gradu
ally made it smaller and smaller. Two or three small
blows warmed the combatants, and they set to work in
earnest. Then Gubbs, under a heavy blow from Tarbut,
went to the ground and stayed there.
It was three minutes before he came thoroughly round,
and then he sat up in a dazed fashion and looked round
for his opponent.
"Did I kill 'm?" he lnauired in a whisper.
"No, not quite," said one of his friends gently.
Gubbs rubbed his eyes. "What are they patting him
on the back for?" he inquired, eying the group who were
making a fuss over Tarbut.
" 'Cos 'c's won," said his friend,
Gubbs staggered to his feet.
"It's no good," said the landlord of the Three Fisher*,
who had run over to the scene of the fray; "you wasn't
properly trained, you know. Now, look 'ere — it you put
yourself In my hands. In three weeks you can beat him
holler."
"You do as Mr. Larkins ses, Joe, ' said hie friend, Im
pressively.
"I lived among prize fighters afore I came down 'ere,"
said Mr. Larkins,. expanding his small frame. "In three
weeks' time, Gubbs. you'll be able to knock him silly."
"Well, what about Tarbut: he ought to be trained,
too," said one of the men. ''Fair play's fair play ariy
day."
"I'll train 'im," said an old ex-coast guardsman.
"I don't want no trainln'," said Tarbut surlily. "I've
beat Mm; beat 'im easy."
"Well, beat 'im again, Tarbut," said one of his friends.
"I'll put my five bob on you, who'll take me?"
For the" next five minutes, heedless of the assertions
of both men that they wouldn't fight any more, bets were
freely taken. Tarbut, in view of his recent success, being
a hot favorite.
A jarring element was introduced into the proceedings
by a sfmall elderly man wearing a piece of blue ribbon,
who, pushing his way in eagerly. Inquired what it was all
about. Nobody troubling to give him a correct answer,
he tried to *olve it for himself, and was then caught,
just in the nfbk of time, trying to make the enemies shake
hands.
"You go off to your mothers' meeting, Peter Morgan,"*
said an incensed voice.
"It's a fight." said the little man, raising his voice.
"Oh, my friends — "
"It's nothin' o' the kind," said Larkins, hotly. "I'm
trainin' 'om for a race, that's all. They're just goln' to
see who's the best runner."
Morgan, disregarding the publican, looked to others
for information.
"It's quite right," eaid a bystander, "You can believe
me, can't you?"
"When's it going to be?" asked Morgan.
"I don't know." said the other, turning away.
"You ought to be ashamed of yourselves," said Mor
gan, warmly; "it's bad enough to make a couple of men
fight what don't want to, without telling a lot of lies
about it."
"It's none o' your business," said Larkins, surlily.
"Ask no questions and you'll have no lies. "You'll get
some idea into that 'cad of jours and then go and split,
and have it stopped."
"I never told of anything in my life," said Morgan,
sharply; "my mates here know that. That ain't my way.
My way's pvrsuasion and example, not forcing people to
do what I want." 0
"There's a purse o' fifteen and six made up for the
winner," said Larkins, turning away and whispering the
news to Gubbs. "The spot for the picnic '11 be made
Known later on. Them what's in the know is respectfully
asked to keep their mouths shut to save trouble all
around."
He went back to his bar, and the other men, after
Ftanding about a bit. strolled off one by one to their teas.
Mr. Morgan was one of the last to leave, and went as
far as Tnrbufs door with him to tell him an anecdote of a
man who was struck behind the ear in a fight and killed
on the SDOt.
A comfortable meal and a good night's rest restored
Mr. Gubbs to his wonted serenity of mind, and he awoke
at 6 o'clock feeling determined to shake hands with Tar
but and let the matter drop. A persistent hammering at
the door, which gradually got louder and louder, inter
fering with his meditations, he roused Mrs. Gubbs, who
was sleeping peacefully, and with some asperity bade her
get up and stop it.
"It's Mr. Larkins. Joe," said the lady, hastily with
drawing her head from the window.
Mr. Gubbs sat up in bed. and then with a mighty yawn
rose, and pushing open the casement again gazed indig
nantly at the small publican, who was standing below
keeping up an incessant rapping on the door with a small
cane.
"Morning, Mr. Larkins, sir," said Gubbs, sniffing at
the cool morning air.
"Halloa." said Larkins, looking up. "This won't do,
you know, you're wasting time. You ought to be up and
out by now."
"I've changed my mind," said Gubbs. leaning out and
ppeaking- in a low voice, to defeat the intentions of Mrs.
Gubbs, who was looking. "I dreamt I killed Tarbut an'
it's give me such a fright that I've resolved not to fight."
"That's all right." said Larkins, briskly, "dreams al
ways go by contraries."
"Well, there ain't much comfort in that." said Gubbs,
who was anxious to get back to his warm bed, sharply.
"You dress yourself and come down," said Larkins.
imperiously, "you ought to be ashamed of yourself after
all the trouble I'm taking on your behalf."
Mr. Guhhs rubbed his eyes and pondered. "What's the
towel for?" he demanded suspiciously.
"Rub you down with after you've bathed," said the
other.
making that the period of the play, but !
by degrees I evolved the idea of an of- ;
flcial telegraph office in Richmond dur- i
ing the siege, and then the other mci- :
dents began to group themselves i
around this episode."
"There is, then, no historic basis for !
this theme.'' he was asked.
"None at all," quickly responded the
author. "During the New York run
and even yet I have a note on the pro- j
gramme explicitly disclaiming any at- ,
tempt to be historically accurate in the
play. It is pure fiction, and I don't
know that even the faintest resem- |
blance to this telegraph office existed
In Richmond. I gained some knowledge i
of the manner of doing things from an I
ex-Confederate official, and also
learned that they had a few breech
loading rifles late in the war, which en
abled me to introduce the scene where ;
the colored man bites off the bullets in
order to save the life of the spy hero." j
"Is that Incident absolutely neces- j
sary?"
"No; the act could be ended in an
other way, but the scene is effective, i
and then you see it enables me to make
out a better case for Dumont, or Cap
tain Thorne, as the spy calls himself.
In Richmond. * He refuses under the
circumstances to profit by the fact thnt
the builds have been extracted, and
tells the officer in command that his
guns have been tampered with."
"Which exhibition of manliness prob- |
ably wins the admiration and sympa- j
thy* of the other characters on the stage
and also of the audience," interjected
the reporter.
"Exactly so. And that reminds me
that I have been a little surprised by
the view most people take of army
spies. To my mind there is nothing
disreputable about this duty It is a |
recognized branch of army service, ex- ]
ceedingly dangerous, but not neces- I
sarily dishonorable. Why, monuments j
have been erected to spies!" exclaimed
Mr. Gillette with enthusiasm.
"But how about the social side of the
mattei*?"
"Well, In 'Secret Service' the spy
hero relinquishes his commission and
refuses to act when it .is made to ap- j
pear that he has taken "a dishonorable I
advantage of his social opportunities. |
That sets him rirrht in that particular." j
"How did 'Secret Service 1 come to be |
written at last after so many years of j
mental incubation?" Mr. Gillette was ;
asked.
"It Just happened all at once and
wilhout any premeditation," replied the
actor. "We were preparing 'Too Much
Johnson' for production, and had put
it aside for a little rest. You know I
there can be too much rehearsal. Dur- i
ing the interval, I roughly sketched the]
first act of 'Secret Service,' and, meet- j
ing Mr. Frohman, who was on the eve |
of going to Europe, told him that I
thought I had a good idea for a war
play. He took the manuscript and
presently handed it back, saying in his !
impetuous manner, 'Why, that is splen- I
did! Write me the next act as quickly !
as possible. 1 I did so, and then he i
called for the third act to be rushed, j
So I rushed right through the first j
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
BY W. W. JACOBS
draft of the play, and thus, after so
long a period of mental preparation, it
was put on paper at last in a great
hurry."
"Very much," It was suggested, "as
Sardou is said to work — pigeonholing
data and suggestions appropriate to
some theme, and then, after seven or
eight years, boiiing this matter together
into one of his startling plays."
"I had never read anything about his
method of work, but am glad to know
that I have unconsciously followed
such a model in this particular. Sardou
is a great master of situation and se
cures wonderful effects. The difficulty
is to keep an audience interested
through suspense, and then the audi-
prom the Great Telegraph Scene io "Secret Service."
ence must be informed of many things
the stage characters do not know and
altogether ■ play-making l Is quite a
puzzle. If all : the pieces do not fit ac
curately the puzzle does not make just
the right impression and is liable to be
a failure." " ": y? >-v.
•,-■ ■ ♦ ■ ■■:-:■
General Wheeler's proposition that It
is the duty of the colleges and unlver
"Bathed?" Bald Mr. Gubbs, with emphasis. "Bathed?
•^Training," replied Mr. Larkins briefly, " hu , rn 'J^'hut
"I don't believe old Bullock's going to make Tarbut
bathe," said Gubbs. shivering, "it's weakening. .
"You do as you're told," said the autocratic Larkins.
"Bullock don't know nothing about it." .
Mr. Gubbs sighed and withdrew his head, and ex
plaining to his astonished wife that he was going for a
little stroll, gloomily dressed himself and joined nl3 train
"Shoulders back." said the small publican. "Head up "
He led the way down to the beach, and ignoring the
looks of aversion which Mr. Gubbs bestowed upon the sil
ver sea, stood by while he disrobed and peacefully plied
his way over the shingle to the edge of the water. It was
a bright morning, but somewhat chill, and Mr. Gubbs
breathless gasplngs furnished an excellent clew to the
temperature of the water. , , .
• f How do you feel?" inquired Mr. Larkins anxiously^
as he rubbed him down.
"I feel bad," said the other, shivering.
"You'll feel better when you've had your run, said
Larkins, cheerfully. ,
"Ad my w-w-wot?" inquired Mr. Gubbs. staring at
him offensively, and rubbing himself furiously with the
towel. , 
"Your run," repeated Larkins, sternly. You don t want
your coat. See, hold that. And mind, I don't want you
to go running like a steam engine, or a runaway horse.
"I wasn't goin' to," said Gubbs.
"Just trot easy." continued the other, "for about half
a mile. Go as far as that gate over there, then rest two
minutes, and trot back again."
His manner was so dictatorial that Mr. Gubbs, re
membering in time his scene at the Three Fishers, swal
lowed something he was going to say— and it was nearly
strong enough to choke him— and set off at a f trange,
weird gait toward the indicated goal. He reached it at
last, and, after a very Wong two minutes, started back
again, in response to the semaphore-like appeals of tho
enthusiastic Larkins.
"I've got my work cut out for me, I can see," Bald the
latter, as his victim, puffing and blowing, sat down on the
ground. "But I'll soon get you in trim, and you can keep
quiet about it. I don't want Bullock to know."
"Why not?" demanded Mr. Gubbs.
"Because he'd train Tarbut the same way." said Lar
kins, with a cunning grin. "Well, why shouldn't Tarbut
'aye a doing same as me?" said Mr. Gubbs, vindictively.
"Why should 'c be layin" in comfort In 'is bed while I'm
catchin' 'arm bathing* and killing myself running?"
"Don't you be a fool." said Larkins, affectionately,
patting him on the shoulder. "Come into my place when
you have time, and I'll put the gloves on with you a bit;
and be careful what you eat, mind, else you'll undo all
the good I've done you."
If it is possible for a man to expectorate sarcastically
Mr. Gubbs achieved that feat.
"Only two cups of tea with your breakfast," continued
Larkins, solemnly, "and no gravies for dinner, and I'll
Bend you in one pint of old ale every day free gratis."
The tensity of Mr. Gubbs' features relaxed, and he
Bmiled faintly as he rose and accompanied his friend back.
Larkins saw him to his door and after explaining fluently
to Mrs. Gubbs that her husband was training for a race,
gave her explicit instructions as to his diet and departed.
It was a source of much joy to Mr. Larkins. though he
was unable to persuade Gubbs to share in his feelings,
that Tarbut's trainer was satisfied with a less vigorous
system for his man. He let Tarbut off with a cold spong
ing on rising, and as Tarbut had his own ideas as to what
constituted a cold sponging, both parties were well pleased
with each other.
The businesß-like nature of these proceedings was
keenly appreciated by the inhabitants of the fishing quar
ter. Fights had happened before and doubtless would
again, but they were mere rough and tumble affairs, and
Over before any proper excitement could be wisked up.
The purse had steadily mounted up to 35 shillings, and the
betting varied from day to .lay.
Each man had his kno: of supporters and enthusiasm
had reached such a pitch that Gubbs, who was naturally
of a retiring disposition, had to take his matutinal tub
before quite a circle of admirers. Opposition on the part
of the ladles was balked by continuing to refer to tho
affair as a race, though Mrs. Gubbs, who got up one.
morning to see her man run, went home in a slate of mind
bordering upon stupefaction.
An uneasy feeling was caused by the anxiety of the
excellent Mr. Morgan to discover the time and place of
meeting. No information was afforded Him, and as he
had indignantly denied any intention of giving the alarm,
the gentlemen interested were much exercised as to the
reasons for his curiosity.
The battle was fixed for a Saturday evening, the two
trainers, aiter much wordy warfare, having selected a
site which Mr. Larkins insisted had been made purposely
by nature, with a view to affairs of the kind. Lofty cliffs
hid it from view, and the ground itself consisted of turf
so soft and spongy that Larkins predicted that Tarbut
would bounce up from it like an India-rubber ball. The
performers expressed themselves as satisfied, though their
regardlepsnf ss in the matter of thanks for the trouble
which had been taken over the arrangements formed food
for conversation for the trainers all the way home.
The boats got in early Friday afternoon with their
fish. The catch was small and soon disposed of, and then
the attentive trainers, reserving their men from admirers
who were feeling their arms and putting leading questions
as to their wind and state of mind, sent them indoors with
concise instructions as to how they were to spend the last
evening. Larkins officiously sent his man off for a short,
sharp walk after his tea, and later on going to the quay
found that Bullock had given his man trie same instruc
tions.
"Don't you go worrying of 'em, mind," said Larkins
sities of the country to assist in the
education and civilization of the Cuban
patriots is a practical one, alike credit
able to the head and heart of the old
soldier, and lively to receive consider
able hospitality among the higher in
stitutions of the country. As has been
stated, Boston University has fallen
into line, the trustees stating that they
would be pleased to take such action
as would erfve them an onportunity
to express friendly interest in the Cu
ban people. At the regular fall meet
ing of the trustees of Williams College,
Jield Friday, the same question came
before them, and it was voted to take
care of and educate two young Cubans
of General Wheeler's appointment if
the conditions should be satisfactory to
the committee on scholarships. It is
not entirely a new thing for Cubans to
be educated in the United States. For
some time Cubans of the educated class
have enjoyed a more thorough equip
ment than the so-called educated Span-
iards, because they rarely, If at all,
acquired their training in the mother
country, but many of them in thia
country. Probably Gneral Wheeler's
selections will be made more with ref
erence to the quality of the student
than the class to whic>> he may belong.
The leaven of American universities
would be a good thiner to spread
through Cuba.— Boston Transcript.
stemlv to the group, "an' let 'em 'aye an easy time of it
to-morrow in the boats. Both of 'em, ' he added, gener
"Spoke like a Briton, Mr. Larkins," said an old fisher
"What I want is fair play and no favor," said Mr.
Larkins; "it's to be a genuine sporting affair. No bad
blow, or anything of that kind. After the little affair all
what go to see it are welcome to one drink at my ex
it's time my man was ba.ck," said Bullock, looking
up the road which led over the cliffs. "I told him to go
just as far as the ground and back."
"Old Peter Morgan's gone down to the place, too, I
think," piped a small lad in huge boots. ' I saw lm fol
lowing- of Tarbut."
The landlord of the Three Fishers started uneasily.
"It's on my mind," he said, in a melancholy voice, "that
that blessed old teetotaler '11 have the thing stopped. He'll
tell the police or something."
"No, he won't," said the old fisherman who had spok
en before. "Me an' Peter was boys together, an he s
never done anything o' that sort in his life. Before old
Peter got religious there was nothing he liked better than
to see a fight, or take part in one, either, and its my
opinion he'd like to Bee this one, only he don t like to
say so."
"Well, he won't," said Larkins, grimly: "itmay be as
you say, but we're not going to take any risks
Conversation became general, and in view of the near
ness of the event, animated, but still the two gladiators
failed to put in an appearance.
"He's overdoing it, that's what he is, said Mr. I^ar
kins,. referring to the ardent Gubbs. "You can 'aye a man
too willing. He'll go and knock hisself up."
The small boy came up. his Wig boots clattering over
the stones, and shading his eyes with his hands gazed
along the road. The other men, following his gaze, saw
three men advancing lovingly arm-in-arm toward them.
"It— it can't be old Morgan with 'em," said Mr. Lar
kin«.
"It is, though," said the old fisherman, peering
through screwed up eyes. "They've made it up through
old Peter, that's wot they've done. He's been talking at
'em and getting at 'em, and now there won't be no fight.'
His disappointed auditors groaned in chorus. 'W on t
there?" said Larkins savagely. "Ho— Won't there. You
don't think me and my friend Bullock here are going to
slave three weeks for nothing, do you?"
"There won't be no fight," repeated the old man.
"Look how loving they are! All three of "em as close to
gether as sweethearts."
The advancing trio certainly bore out the old man s
words to the letter Mr. Peter Morgan was in the center,
and appeared to be half embracing his companions.
"Why. they can hardly walk," said Bullock, "they've
been too far."
ME SAT UP I N A DfIZED FASHION AND LOOKED AROUND FOR HIS OPPONENT '
"Yes, that's what It is," said Larkins, in a hollow
voice.
"Seems to me," said the small boy slowly, "that
they'vev'ad a bit of a scarf already."
The crowd with bated breath stepped out to meet
them, Larkins and Bullock leading. It was evident tfcat
the two heroes were clinging to Mr. Morgan more for
support than from any motives of affection, and it was
no less evident that the lad^s remark as to a bit of a
scarf was capable of a wide interpretation. In a few min
utes both parties were face to face, and the two trainers
gazing at their charges speechless with indignation.
"Which is Gubbs?" demanded Mr. Larkins at last in
an unnatural voice.
The figure on Mr. Morgan's right arm managed to
open an eye and to twist its swollen lips into something
intended for a smile.
"What 'aye you been doing?" vociferated the incensed
landlord.
"Fightin'," said Gubbs, speaking with some difficulty,
"it's all over now. It was a draw and we'r* goln" to halve
the money between us."
"Oh, are you?" said Larkine, bitterly; "well, you won't
have a d d ha'penny of it. What do you mean by it?
Eh?"
"I'll tell you all about it," said Morgan, who was look
ing radiantly happy. "I saw Tarbut going up the road
and I followed him and talked to him and by and by up
FAMOUS JEWEL
ROBBERIES IN ENGLAND
THERE is a remarkable, if some
what morbid, fascination attach
ing: to gigantic jewel robberies —
like that, for instance, recently
perpetrated at the expense of the Dow
ager Duchess of Sutherland. That a
man should coolly walk into a railway
carnage and in less than one minute
annex a fortune, such as not one person
in ten thousand- attains after a lifetime
of toil, is sufficiently startling. But the
thing becomes amazing when one re
flects upon the time, patience, thor
oughness and resourcefulness expended
upon the successful carrying out of
these colossal criminal coups.
Take, for example, the theft of the
Countess of Dudley's jewels at Pad
dington Station in December, 1574. This
case was almost on all fours with the
Duchess of Sutherland's, and although
the thieves were never captured it was
proved conclusively that the robbery
had been planned six months pre
viously, and that during that entire
period the Duchess had been shadowed,
night and day, by one or other of the
confederates engaged in it. The value
of the gems was at first stated to be
$250,000, but subsequently this was re
duced by about one-half.
On January 15, 1871, all London was
talking of a remarkable outrage and
robbery perpetrated on the previous
day. A Mr. Parkes, employed by the
great jewelry firm .of London & Ryder,
proceeded, by appointment, to a house
in Upper Berkeley street with abuut
$30,000 worth of gems in a bag. Di
rectly he entered he was set upon by
twer persons, a man and a woman, who
seized, bound and chloroformed him
and decamped with the valuables.
Luckily the victim recovered his senses
an hour or two later and a hue and
cry v. ere at once raised.
Both culprits were eventually ar
rested and the man received a sentence
of eight years' penal servitude. The
woman, his wife, was acquitted, mainly
owing to the eloquence of Montagu
Williams, who defended her. Only
about $4000 worth of the stolen property
was ever recovered. A somewhat simi
lar robbery, it will be remembered, was
planned last year at a hotel in Brighton.
Luckily it was unsuccessful.
Hatton Garden, as may well be imag
ined, has been the seat of several no
torious diamond robberies. One of the
earliest and biggest occurred on March
26, 1876, when Messrs. Williams & Son,
manufacturing jewelers, lost gems to
the value of $125,000. The thieves ob
tained entrance to the premises at dusk
on a Saturday evening, opened the
safes with duplicate keys and carried
away all the most costly articles, things
of lesser value being left untouched.
Many people will . doubtless be able
to recall the daring robbery per
petrated at Hatton Garden Postoffice,
on November 16, 1881. Shortly after
dusk, and while what was then known
as the "Continental Diamond Mail"
/-. t.v- : .rri t talked to him. Then I found out what,
comes OuDbs and I talkea that all you men were trying to
l°nd u°ce these puTe souls' to knock each other about for
money.''. kfns helplessly, looked sternly at Mr.
M o£a^n?&Se?^^Ss^ finger at Tarbut'*
visage, make such a brutal show of
-I urged them not to naaxe Morgan, 'but they
themselves for money, coini 6aid it WIII be the easiest
said as 'ow they would and Tarbut said it was him
25 shillings he d e^er earned, ana^ q . Una
ean -,-rT^ .*«,=.„•* vmi etoD "em?" Inquired the ex-coast-
Gubbs up with a tearful blow a^_f n t °^ Tarbut on my
over to Mr. Bull** ..and
Whl - S^n e c d n i Um h i 3 wa a r called-" said Mr/Morgan
"Who called it?" inquired a voice, with the accent 01
on. making a^poinW Morgan, "there Tras nobody else;
both of 'em walked round each other a bit, sparring and
looking for openings. I think the third round was the
longest of all. Both of 'em kept getting in a lot or ntua
knocks and then dodging away again. Then T n a r ut .c?-u^t
Gubbs one in the breast-bang in the wind-and then roi
lowed up on his jaw and knocked him down again.. It was
a disgusting spectacle."
."Must ha' been," said a dejected voice. >( .
"After that there was twelve more rounds, continuea
the narrator; "sometimes Tarbut had the best of It. ana
sometimes Gubbs. Both men were very determined and
fought very fair. It was good, solid, hard hitting, and
they were bruised all over before they d finished.
Once Gubbs give Tarbut a blow over the heart, and I
thought he wouldn't get up to time."
"I wouldn't if you hadn't blowed water into my face
out of that puddle," said Tarbut.
"It was a most disgusting spectacle," said Mr. Peter
Morgan, hurriedly.
"Seems to me," began Lrarkins, ferociously.
"Two fine, strong men, stripped to the waist, hard as
nails, knocking each other about for money," said Mr.
Morgan. "They're never going to fight any more. I made
'em promise they wouldn't. They're good friends now.
Ain't you, lads?"
With an utter disregard for the feelings of the by
standers the two men shook hands.
"And though I regard fighting with horror," concluded
Mr. Morgan, beaming on them, "I think that as It was a
bargain you should divide the purse between 'em."
•They won't get a farthing of it," said Mr. Larkins,
explosively. 'Unless you like to give it to *em out of your
own pocket."
"Me?" said Mr. Morgan, opening his eyes. "Why?"
"Ask yourself." said Mr. Larkins, pointedly. "I should
cay if any man ever 'ad 35 shillings worth of sport all to
hisseif. you haye — and, what's more, you know it, Mr.
Peter Morgan. "
The peacemaker sighed, and, turning, led his charges
gently away. The crowd watched them as far as the
Three Fishers, and observing that they detached them
selves by force from their guide and friend, crossed the
road and followed them in.
was being made up, the gas was sud
denly turned o^ at the meter and the
whole place plunged in d ,rkness. At
first it was thought to be an accident.
But, on lights being brought, it was
seen that the two registered mail bags,
containing cut and uncut stones to the
total value of $200,000, had disappeared.
The robbery was skilfully planned
and cleverly executed, and all subse
quent efforts to recover the diamonds
or apprehend the thieves proved fruit
less. The last great robbery associated
with the "Gai'den" took place on Sep
tember 13, 1894, when Herr Spyzer, an
Antwerp diamond merchant, was de
coyed into a L gus office, attacked by
three men, chloroformed and robbed of
gems valued a* $100,000.
Early in February, 1877, occurred the
great jewel robbery at Battle Abbey,
Sussex, when gems to the value of be
tween $40,000 and $50,000, the property
of the Duchess of Cleveland, were car
ried away. In this case the coup was
effected while his Grace and the
Duchess were in the drawing-room en
tertaining a few friends, and the serv
ants were in the kitchen at supper.
The articles stolen were chiefly pres
ents; one of them, a magnificent neck
lace of diamonds, rubies and emeralds,
being a gift of the Queen to the
Duchess, who v as a bridesmaid at her
Majesty's vedding. Curiously enough,
one case of jewelry, containing gems
of far greater value than any of those
taken away, was overlooked by the
robbers in their hurry.
On the 19th of November of the same
year a peculiarly heartless robbery was
perpetrated at Halstead Place, near
Sevenoaks. The newly married Earl
a.id Countess of Aberdeen had gone
there on tl eir !.oneymoon, taking with
them the whole of their beautiful
bridal presents. The published descrip
tions of the costliness of these had
evidently attracted the thieves, for
hardly had the young couple reached
their destination ere the bulk of the
offerings, valued at about $25,000, were
anvexed by burglars, who forced an
entitnce while the Earl. and Countess
were at dinner.
Reference has already been made to
the Hatton Garden Postoffice robbery,
which took place on November I*s. ISBI.
Just eighteen days later, on a Sunday,
the biggest jewel robbery of this cen
tury was effected at Brynkinalt. the
seat of Lord Hill Trevor, near Chirk,
North Wales. The coup was brought
off while the family were at church,
and the total value of the property car
ried away exceeded $300,000. In this
case two servants were arrested, but
they were discharge* almost immedi
ately, and the mystery remains un
elucidated to this day.
Another valuable haul was that made
at Leigh Court, near Bristol, the seat
of Sir Philip Miles, on December 18,
1892. In this case the family were at
dinner. The jewels, worth $150,000,
were safe at 7 o'clock. An hour later
they had vanished. Yet another "din
ner-hour robbery" was that effected at
the expense of Baron Schroeder of^
I Woolerton House, Cheshire, where
$15,000 worth were taken. This occurred
on March 16, IS£3, and on August 1 of
; the same year there took place at The
Hatch, near Maidenhead, the extraor
dinary and mysterious robbery which
j deprived the Countess of TVilton of ,a
! number of priceless heirlooms and
I family relics.
Most people can recall the circum
stances surrounding the theft, by a
i trick, of Mrs. Langtry's jewels. A
; man presented at her bankers a forged
[ order for their delivery, walked away;
with the box and was never seen or
heard of again.
But, after all is said and done, all
i modern jewel robberies sink into utter
\ insignificance when compared with th*
• theft of the world-famous Tavernier
. diamond. It was valued, at a moderate
| estimate, at $10,000,000, and was stolen
1 from the Garde Meuble, Paris, In 1792.
' "What became of it is a mystery. But
it is generally believed to have been cut
into two or three pieces, each being
i afterward sold as a separate diamond.
' ♦ •
YALE'S BAD DEBT AGENCY.
Collegians are furious because, they
say, an attempt is being made to sully
the fair name of their Alma Mater.
It is veil known that a college man
spends considerable money. A Yale man
as a rule spends more rather than less.
Yale men, even those who have large
allowances, are prone to spend their
incomes before the month is half over.
Then it is either borrow from friends
or resort to the money-lenders.
It is easy enough for Yale students
to borrow money or to get goods on
credit.
Sometimes, often, it is said, it Is not
so easy for tradesmen and lenders to
| collect their due.
To fill a long-felt want a Yale Bad
j Debt Collecting Agency has been estab
] lished. This is to the disgust of the j
I collegians, and, moreover, to their hor
| ror, it is to be managed exclusively by
Yale men.
Here is the scheme: To collect ac
counts piven' up as utterly hopeless by
| tradesmen and ordinarily placed in a
lawyer's hands; to collect of Yale men
and to be collected by Yale men.
The collectors are poor students who
hope by personal appeals to the debt
ors to persuade them to settle their
bills. They are to receive a commis
sion on all they collect, and hope In this
way to earn enough to pay their own
| way through college.
This catchpenny plan has created a
I hubbub among the rich young spend
i thrifts of the college, and they are go
| ing about breathing out threatenlngs
j and slaughter against the Yale collect
! ors who shall dare dun them.
■ o ■
A watch was stolen in the pit of a the
ater in Paris. The loser complained in a
loud voice and said: "It is just nine, in a
few minutes my watch will strike. The
sound is strong, and by that means we
shall instantly ascertain whfire it is." The
thief, terrified at this, endeavored'Vo es
cape, but by his agitation discovered bim
iseir.Mrs, Nancy Harris, widow of Daniel Harris, and one of the most remarkable pioneer women of the Golden West, has just died In Southern California at the age of 78 years, ffe a girl she went to
Chicago with her parents in 1834. They lived there till they thought the place had petered out. Before the discovery of gold in California she and her husband started across the prairies
to see the wonders they had heard of distant California.
POMONA, Cal.. Nov. 10. — The
most remarkable pioneer heroine
in Southern California— if not of
all California— Mrs. Nancy Hiv
ris, died at the home of her
(laughter' near Duarte last Friday.
be. had been a partial invalid for al
ade, and in the last two
years of tv-r life Bhe was helpless with
ut her mind remained
wonderfully clear to the very last days
her 1 long life.
Mrs. Harris was the widow of Daniel
Harris. She believed she was the
third white woman who came across
th.<- plains in an ox team to California.
She knew James Marshall, the finder of
gMKI in California,, before he sr.w
•■"•■ Cblpma, and her husband and she
knew General Ulysses S. Grant when
he was at Benlcia— a modest and un
promising captain in the United States
army. She was a genial person even
in her old age and days of weakness.
;.She loved to dwell in the past and to
recount her extraordinary adventures
in California long before the Americans
came. She became a cigarette smoker
from her association with the Mexicans
m her early life, and in her last days a
• giff of a few packages of anild dear
ie ©ties' or a bag of smoking tobacco
would elicit a tale of adventure or a
■ thrilling chapter of State history that
was always worth attentive hearing.
Mrs Harris was born in Gloucester.
Mass., in 1820 and her relatives were
whalers and fisherfolk. In 1834. when a
:-: : girl of 14, her father gave up fishing,
■ .and hearing of the possibilities of for
tune on the frontier of Missouri and
■Illinois, in those days, started for the
■•• West. Chicago was the objective point.
They went there by the Erie Canal to
Buffalo, and were three weeks going on
a boat from Buffalo to Chicago via the
lakes. Chicago was at that time a
place of 3000 or 5000 people. In 1838,
whin Mrs. Harris 1 father became con
vinced that Chicago was on the decline
and would retrograde into a wild West
ern village, the family moved to St.
Louis which was then 'a fast-growing
city of some 12,000 people. There Mrs.
Harris was married in 1840. She was
20 years old at the time, and her young
husband had had letters from an uncle,
who was a sailor, saying that there was
a fortune to be made on the Pacific
lin" with the Indians for
furs. The young people talked over a
■•; <;! uoing to California almost
daily during the first year of their mar
. rled' life. That was six or seven years
before Marshall found the gold in Sut
ter's millrace, and no one but a few
restless traders and daring mission
aries among the Indians ever wi.-m.
across' the plains from the East to the
Pacific enlist.
Several more letters came from the
sjiilor uncle, and young Harris and his
w.ife decided that they would risk their
lives . in traveling across the prairies
•*." and .mountains to the Pacific Ocean.
They heard of two young Catholic
priests who were getting ready to start
across the plains for Sutter's Fort as
•teachers among the Indians, and a few
■weeks later they found also that a com
pany of young men, fired with a spirit
of adventure and a desire to become
STRANGE ADVENTURES OF A CALIFORNIA WOMAN PIONEER.
traders among the Spanish and the In
dians, were about to start from Fort
Leavenworth for California. When the
party was made up for the journey in
April, IS4I, there were twenty-two men
and two women in the party.
A fortnight before her death Mrs.
Harris told the story of her remarkable
vicissitudes in the West, particularly
California— in the following way:
"We were from April 11 until Sep
tember 28 in going from Fort Leaven
worth to what is now Colfax, Cal. We
hired a man at Fort Leavenworth. who
had been across the plains once, for our
guide. I believe he was to get $300 for
his work, and he expected to become a
sailor when he reached the coast.
"Our first mishap was on the Platte
River, where a young man named Daw
son was captured by the Indians and
stripped of his clothing. They let him
go then and then followed him, so that
without knowing it he acted as their
guide to our camp. The redskins sur
rounded our camp and remained all
night, but whpn daylight showed them
our strength they went away. We had
a picket guard about our camp nearly
every night we were on the plains, and
we saw literally millions of buffaloes.
Many a time the galloping of immense
herds of the beasts across the prairies
sounded like distant thunder.
"We left our wagons this side of Salt
Lake and finished our journey on horse
back and drove our cattle. At one place
the Indians surrounded us, armed with
their bows and arrows, but my hus
band and four other men leveled their
guns at the chief and made him order
his Indians out of arrow range. Be
fore we had been two months on the
plains we had become so used to hard
ships, had seen four of our party wel
come death from sickness, and had had
such frights at threatened death by the
savages, that we lost a good part of the
natural alarm one has when environed
by danger.
"We crossed the Sierra Nevadas at
the headwaters of the San Joaquin
River. On the Ist of September we
camped on the summit. It was my
twenty-first birthday. That day one
of the priests in our party drank at a
spring of clear, cold water. It was
strong alkali water, however, and he
came near dying in the next few days,
and it ruined his stomach so that he
lived only a year. We had a difficult
time to find a way down the mountains.
At one time I was left alone for nearly
half a day, and as I was afraid of In
dians I sat all the while with my six
week-old baby in my lap on the back
of my horse, which was a fine race ani
mal.
"One old man gave out and we had
to threaten to shoot him before he
would attempt to descend the moun
"At one place four pack animals fell
over a bluff, and they went so far that
we never attempted to recover the
packs We were then out of provisions,
having killed and all our cattle.
I walked barefooted until my feet were
blistered, and lived on roasted acorns
for two days. My husband came very
near dying with cramps, and It was
sugeested to leave him, but I said I
would never do that, and we ate a
horse and remained over till next day,
when he was able to travel. Then we
ran short of water twice, and the thirst
we endured once for two days and
nights was the most horrible experi
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
ence I have ever known. If we had not
found water just when we did I believe
I should have gone crazy. Mr. Harris"
cousin and a man named Jones had
strayed from the company while in the
mountains and we supposed they were
dead, but my husband discovered their
tracks and reported that they were
surely alive. At one place I was so
weak I could not stand, and I lay on
the ground while Mr. Harris went out
and killed a deer. We were then near
the Sepulveda ranch, which was close
to what is now Martinez. Mr. Jones,
one of the supposed dead men, and one
of Sepulveda's Indians rode into our
camp and brought with them some
farina for me. We arrived at Sepul
veda's on the 14th day of October.
"We met General Sutter at Alva
rado's hacienda, and in December we
went up with Sutter in a leaky rowboat
to his fort. We were fifteen days mak
ing the trip. The boat was manned by
Indians, and Sutter instructed them to
swim to the shore with me and the
child if the boat should capsize. That
is only a sample of the chances we took
with our lives every day in those pio
neer times. When we wanted to eat
we landed, angled for fish or hunted for
game, cooked and ate it and then
moved on. We arrived at the stockade
that the old man, Sutter, called a fort
Just as the winter rains set in, about
the middle of December.
"General Sutter was very hospitable,
and we paid him a few dollars a week —
$3 I think — for remaining there until
February or March. I don't quite re
member the exact month now. The old
building was a great barnlike affair,
and the household equipment the very
plainest and most primitive. My hus
band used to go out with the Mexicans
who were in the employ of General Sut
ter and vainly look for something which
he could develop into an industry or
business, but he was too young, r.r he
did not have the ability to see the fu
ture good things. I can tell you we
spent some terrible homesick days at
Sutter's place. Many a night I have
wept myself to sleep. In later years,
when we saw the millions of dollars
made 'in the gold diggings north and
east of Sacramento. I recalled the fact
while my poor husband was tramping
over Central California, almost beside
himself because he had brought his
wife to a strange land, far away
from civilization, he many a time
passed by and even went among gold
deposits that would have made him a
combined Vanderbilt and Gould had he
but known.
"Along In May, 1?44, General Sutter
heard from some friendly Indians that
the white settlers in Oregon and North
ern California (up near where the Mo
doc Indian war later took place) were
makixig money by buying furs from the
WOMAN SUFFRAGE IN COLORADO
By MRS. X- f- G. PATTERSON. President of the NoQ-Partisao Colorado Equal Suffrage (Association
DENVER, Nov. 25.— Colorado is the State in which equal suffrage
has found the warmest support and achieved its greatest success. In the
East women have voted for schools and in some remote cases for muni
cipal officials. There were three women members of :he last Legisla
ture, and they took an active part in the proceedings. Women have even
outnumbered the men in a Colorado election. This occurred in April of
last year, when municipal elections were held all over the State. Two
years before the women of Denver oragnized a Civic Federation for the
election of good men to office. This federation became an active politi
cal machine. It was non-partisan by its own platform. It recognized no
creed or nationality. Its avowed object was "to investigate the condi
tion and needs of the city and to promote by education and active co
operation a higher public spirit and a better social order; to separate city
and county affairs from State and national politics; to endeavor to se
cure the nomination and election of competent and trustworthy persons
for public office," etc.
This was the fourth election in which women had taken part in
Colorado, and they were eminently successful.
Emboldened by the results of their interference in municipal affairs,
the women have gone into matters of national policy, and in the elec
tion last week they threw their influence with the friends of silver, ac
cording to Mrs. Thomas M. 'Patterson (or Mrs. Katherine A. G. Patter
son, as she appears in public affairs), the President of the Non-Partisan
Colorado Equal Suffrage Association.
Here is what she has to say of women's influence in Colorado
politics:
Sseclal to The Sunday Call.
WOMEN have been voting In
Colorado since 1895, and have
yet made no permanent lm.
pression upon the politics of
the State. .
It is claimed that no ap
preciable effect of this enfranchisement
could be expected in a time so short,
since Intricate political methods of
long established organizations even
when found very objectionable are not
to be overcome by the efforts of tyros
in a single generation. In muniolpal
affairs, it is true, woman's vote has as
sisted in a triumph over tyrannical ma
chine rule in more than one election,
and it is acknowledged that through
the leaven of a reorganization influence
has begun its work, which, like all
elemental processes that are to build
up the new upon the decay of the old,
Is the task of more than a day.
In the contest just closed between the
Indians and selling them to the trading
agents for the Astor Company and
some English buyers, who sailed up
and down the coast for this purpose.
So we started for Oregon. I have been
told by some California historians that
I was one of the first white women to
make the journey which was danger
ous in those days I can assure you.
There were fourteen men in our party.
We went up the east side of the Sac
ramento River for about forty miles,
where we crossed over by swimming
our horses and cattle, of which the
crowd had quite a number. It was
there I first witnessed the killing of an
Indian. The men were all out trying
to drive the stocl- into the river and I
was left alone in camp, when several
nude Indians ame in, and as I thought
they intended to steal I stepped* to a
tree where the guns were. As they
approached me I warned them away.
"I marvel now how I ever dared so
much, and my grandchildren cannot
believe I was in my senses to have
stayed as I did in such a barbarous
country. My husband saw from where
he was that Indians were in camp and
sent one of the men whom we called
Bear Dawson to protect me. He was a
reckless young man and as he rode up
he ordered the Indians to go, but they
drew their bows on him and reversed
the order. Then he drew his pistol and
killei one of them and the rest fled.
The Indian fell within six feet of me.
After that my husband got one of the
Indians to swim across the river ana
tow the canoe in which I and the child
were sitting. The Indian took me all
right because he knew they hua theii
guns .bearing on him.
"Do I remember the news of the
finding of the first gold in California?
I never could forget that if I should
live a thousand years. We were living
in Napa at the time. My husband was
foreman for a Mexican ranchman and
by that time managed to get a living.
One night when Mr. Harris came home
he said that one of the men who work
ed for Mr.Vallejo up on Sonoma Creek
was terribly excited, and said they had
found bits of gold in the sawmill sluice
up at Coloma, and that the canyons and
gulches up that way were full of gold
nuggets. Mr. Harris and I had been
fooled so many times by exaggerated
stories in California that we gave the
subject only passing comment. We
thought no more about the stories un
til a sailor came to our house on his
way to Sutter's Fort a few days later.
He said that his brother-in-law had
seen some gold down at San Jose that
had been washed out by several of
Sutter's workmen. He had quit sail
ing and was on his way to Coloma.
Then the news of the gold find came
thk-k and fast, considering what a
sparsely settled region we were living
IS IT A SUCCESS?
political Titans of Colorado, the issue
was rather national than ( municipal,
or of the State, and the complex con
ditions of its conduct rendered It im
possible to foresee the outcome or to
predict the effect of woman's vote
among the willful confusion of tickets
offered for the people's ballots.
As to the conditions of the participa
tion of women in Colorado campaigns
it is to be recorded that they are sub
ject during its course to no rude asso
ciations. In the stress of the partisan
struggle that necessarily precedes an
election, women of public Bpirit and
good position are chosen to direct the
political meetings of women, and It is
the rule that from the precinct parlor
meetings that are preliminary to pri
maries to the parlor headquarters kept
open exclusively for women citizens,
their meetings closely resemble their
accustomed club assemblies.
There are. besides, women's purely
political clubs of every party, whose
seasons of activity coincide with cam
paign seasons. During these times
in. When a month more had passed
and we began to see for ourselves nug
gets of gold as large as peas in the
hands of people, my husband believed
that the stories of the riches in the
mountains were after all true. He
started with several other men to walk
to Coloma. In three weeks he was home
again with $1300 in gold and silver. He
was as crazy as every one else by that
time and I was about the same. Then
he fixed the babies and me more com
fortably, stocked the house with pro
visions and started off to the gold dig
gings again. The whole country was
literally insane with excitement, and
when autumn came around a white
man or a white boy, who was at all
able-bodied, was not to be found for
miles and miles around Napa, for they
had all gone seeking gold. Prices for
everything we ate or used rose ten and
twelve times their former value, and it
was often hard work to get provisions
at any price, because what man was
going to fool awa- his time with ham
and pork and calico when he could pick
up gold nuggets all day long up at the
diggings?
"You can have no idea how plentiful
gold was in that region all of a sud
den, and its very plentifulness made it
such a delirious, dreamy state that
none of us realized what a marvelous
epoch we were living in.
"Did we know Marshall, the finder of
the first gold? Yes. I recalled, when he
became known as the first gold miner in
California, that we knew him when we
were at Suttej "s. He was a dozen years
older than either my husband or my
self, and came to California a few
weeks before we did. I remember we
knew him as 'Jersey,' and he called us
'Yanks.' He was a herder or vaquero
for General Sutter's cattle when we
first knew him. I saw him in 1851, when
the gold fever was raging, and he was
worth probably $60,000 or $70,000 by his
gold operations. He might have been
one of the greatest millionaires the
world ever knew, but he had no ability
for accumulating wealth. He had no
ideas above the simple duties of life
and caring for a herd of cattle or a
band of horses. I saw him again in
18T3, when he was old and poorly
dressed and in poverty. He just laughed
about the way he had sat about and let
men get millions of dollars, but he did
think California ought to give him more
honor for what he had done for the
commerce of the world.
"My husband came home in April,
1850, for the third time. He had made
over $30,000 in digging gold, and we felt
as rich as any Astor or Vanderbilt ever
did. Just at that time my husband
broke his leg, and that was the begin
ning of our hard luck again. There was
only one doctor within sixty miles, and
he was a poor one. We paid him $1500
also many a friendly tete-a-tete upon
the situation or brief persuasive plea
for candidate or measure is heard in
some quiet corner of hall or library,
where people meet in amiable mood at
social receptions.
In the great political mass meeting
the proportion of women in attendance
is no greater than in the campaigns
before their opinions began to be
counted at the ballot box.
If, in all this Colorado women, al
though graciously allowed to agree
with masculine managers, have yet lit
tle choice in the construction of the
tickets placed before them or in the di
rection of campaign matters, they are
content, through the still small voice
of the ballot, to do their part with what
patience they may toward the coming
of the better times, when, even after
their own day, perhaps only after gen
erations of use, woman's prentice hand
ehall have come to be often the guid
ing hand and the beneficent wisdom of
"the eternal womanly" shall have been
found as indispensable in the State as
in the home.
For the present the registration of
new voters in Colorado is much larger
than at any time since woman's vote
four years ago was said to have "re
deemed the State" from the dangers
that were threatened by the possible
success of one of the gubernatorial can
didates. As is the ease with all citi
zens, the number of women voting va
ries with the interest felt in the issues
that are at each election to be consid
ered.
School questions are woman's great
est concern. But on account of the
entire absence of the often predicted
evil effects of the ballot in woman's
hands, and because of the widening of
her outlook and the healthful develop
ment in good women of their sense of
responsibility for the public good, the
number of the new citizens who reg
ister and vote is on the whole steadily
increasing from year to year. Among
the women of Colorado who thorougn
ly believe in both the justice and ths
expediency of equal suffrage are a host
of the best women of the State; mov
ing spirits in the work of philanthropy,
reform and education; unquestioned so
cial arbiters, intellectual leaders of
thought and the women of supreme
common sense who guide the new, ef
ficient club work.
to look after my husband for four
weeks, and were glad to have his serv
ices at that price. My husband never
went back to the mines, for by the time
he was able to endure hardship the
mining field was swarming with rest
less, aggressive, wild miners, and he
felt that he had no more chances there
to get rich.
"In June, 1851, Mr. Harris bought a
herd of cattle from Salvador Vallejo
and drove them down to Benicia, where
the military garrison was located. I
went along with my four children in a
wagon drawn by an ox team. The cat
tle were butchered and the beef sold
at Benicia, but it was a poor invest
ment. We lived at Benicia for over a
year. While there we became well ac
quainted with Captain U. S. Grant,
who had come there from the Mexican
war. He and my husband were about
of an age. We little imagined that the
quiet, modest, chunky man would be
the great American general in twelve
years more. Captain Grant was then
a smoker, but cigars were too expensive
in those crazy gold days, and he con
tented himself with a briarwood pipe.
He was a good card player, and I re
member that pedro was his favorite
game. He was very poor then, and I
recall that although he had to be care
ful of every cent he spent of his small
salary, he took little interest in the
alluring stories that men down from
the mines with gold dust used to sit
about the saloons at Benicia and tell
day after day.
"We lived in Monterey for six years
and my husband dfalt in cattle and
sheep, which were shipped and driven
to the mining towns. I have seen hun
dreds of fair steers that brought $500
in gold each in those days, but when
you remember what exorbitant prices
had to be paid for feed and for ranch
men there was not such great profit in
the business, besides everything we ate
and wore was put on a gold mining
basis. My husband paid a common
vaquero $200 a month in gold for three
years, and my calico dresses used to
cost $35 and $40 each in those days. We
sold hundreds of pounds of butter at $2
a pound, and some at $4 a pound, but
that was too slow a way of making
money in those extraordinary times,
and we did not make a quarter as much
butter as we might have done.
"Up to 1859 I had enough personal in
cidents to fill a book. I once rode sev
enty-five miles on horseback in one
day and carried a one-year old child in
front of m^. I was going to see a sick
woman in San Jose, and I fainted when
they helped me off the horse.
"Mr. Harris' health began to fall in
1859, so we started for the dry, hot cli
mate of Arizona and New Mexico. The
palmy days of gold mining for poor
folks were over by that time. The
mining companies with their combined
capital, science and machinery were
beginning their era then. In 1860 we
were in camp in Arizona, near where
Benson has since grown up. We heard
stories of massacres by the Apaches
and Pimas once in a while, but we had
no idea they were as bold as they were.
One October day, when the men in the
camp were out foraging for fuel, and
we four women and seven children were
left in camp, a boy came running ex
citedly into the tent and told us that a
gang of Apaches was sneaking around
among the chaparral in the foothills a
! mile from our camp. We had four car
', bines in camp and we women quickly
loaded them, and put the ammunition,
Jiorns and belts about. Then we all
hid ourselves as best we could. We had
1 no time to plan the manner of secret- %
I ing ourselves. It was as horrible an
i experience as I ever knew in all my
! days among the redskins. There was
i a small cave near by. It was hid by
t.ill chaparral, and we women, each
with a gun in hand and leading or
carrying a child, ran swiftly for the
cave. The larger girls started to run
; with us, but they changed their minds
• and ran into the brush to hide.
"In a moment the Indians came leap
ing toward the cave. We could see
i them on the way. Each of us women
: got behind a boulder at the mouth of
the shallow cave, resolved to deliber
ately shoot down every Indian that .
; came that way before we were killed.
i The Indians robbed the camp of all the
! money and the few valuables there,
and started back to their own camp,
i In some way they saw the bie girls
! hiding in the chaparral and started
j after'them. We heard the girls scream
jas they ran. closely followed by the
' Apaches. My girl, Jennie, aged 12
' years, tripped and fell in the bush.
i while the arrows fell thick about her. •
i I can hear now the screams and piteous
' veils she uttered as she begged the
j savages for her life. But none of us
' dared move from our place.
"Then the screams subsided and we
i saw the Indian* going away from the
i chaparral on a run. We watched for
! a time that seemed an age before we
dared move or make a noise. We got
back to camp after nightfall. All that
! night we searched for my Jennie's
body, but she had recovered from her
injuries so that she was able, to walk
about in a demented state. "We came
I upon her a mile away the next morn
! ing. She was lying on the ground, and
I our horror wh^-n we pickpd her up is
! unspeakable. She had been scalDed
I and her shoulders slashed. The men in
camp got other men in camps near by
to form a posse and for a week they
vainly trailed the escaping Indians.
But the latter knew the country . well
and "ot away into the mountains.
'That experience was enough of
Arizona for us. We came back to
California at once. Our poor Jennie
never recovered from her awful scalD
wound. She suffered excruciating pain
in her head as if she had acute neu
ralgia whenever the weather was cold
or damp, and she had chronic head
aches under the skull where the scalp
was cut away. She was ill for four
years and gradually sank into her
grave. My husband died in 1863 at Los
Angeles.
"During the period from 1864 to 1875
I had a dairy in Santa Barbara and a
small sheep ranch in Santa Barbara
County. I reared and educated my
children and grandchildren by. that.
A fire destroyed my home, barns and
my best heifers in 1875, and I have been
poor ever since.
"There, do you not think I have had
a life filled with remarkable vicissi
tudes? Often as I get to thinking
about strange scenes I have witnessed
and the extraordinary phases of life I
have participated in. I wonder if I
really am one and the same person who
has experienced this and seen a great
State grow in one lifetime as has Cali
fornia."
2526
SOCIETY
AS yet there has been no boom In
the social world, the season so
far having been noticeably lack-
II y\ ing in the large, formal func
11 V s tions of the regular society sea-
Bon There have been several weddings,
to be sure, a few dinner parties, a num
ber of enjoyable teas and three or four
club parties, but private entertaining of
any magnitude grows less each year, de
spite the fact that there are many homes
in San Francisco most admirably adapted
for entertaining on a large scale.
One reason for this, no doubt, lies in the
almost universal fever for traveling that
■ possesses Californians. - Every year the
hegira of members of the gay set in
creases In numbers and the fever usually
reaches its height just as social festivities
for the season are about to begin.
..*■-": • \ •'*.
Only a few orange blossoms have flaunt
ed their golden colors, the principal nup
tial events of the week having been the
. marriage on Wednesday at high noon of
Idiss Ethel Murphy and John McGowan
Biddle, and the matrimonial union of Miss
-Helen: Burden and J. OH. Cosgrave,
! which was solemnized on Tuesday after
noon at the First Unitarian Church.
* • •
.Several tempting titbits dot the social
■menu for the present week. That of most |
Importance and upon which the eyes of j
belies and buds are fixed in happy expect- j
ancy is the dance of the Cinderellas, the j
lirst of this season, which will take place
at Native Sous' Hall on Wednesday even- ;
ing
Tuesday afternoon and evening society
will poUr tea ana cut sweet loaves for the ;
■ beneiitof tl)e California Girls' Training
liome, at a Colonial lea, whion Will take ;
• yiace at the Hotel Colonial. ; *"£■•. •':
V\ ednesday the wedding of Miss Ethel :
Cook ana Sterling Postley will take place,
and on Thursday tne second annual uoll I
show of the Doctors' Daughters Will open
In the Maple room ox" the I'a.aee Hotel, lr i
prophets who know speak truly, tins sea
ben s snow will quite eclipse mat of last
year, when provea one of me social events
of the- season. Maids and matrons win
uOn tneir smartest frocks and go gaily
forth to view these tiny models ot tne
'" aressmakers art.
• • •
Mrs. Pelham W. Ames has issued cards
. for Tuesday evenings in December and :
January.
■ .ignite the prettiest affair of the season
that has been given so far was the dinner
' winch Mrs. \\ . P. Morgan gave at her
resilience, -211 Clay street, on Tuesday
evening, in nonor of Miss Olive HolbrooK.
Autumn tinted branches and poinsettia
lurnished the table decorations and an
.orcnesira of mandolins and guitars pro
vided music.
hose seated at the table were: Mr. and
Mrs. W. P. Morgan, Miss Olive HolbrooK,
' Miss Ella W ncox Morgan, Miss Tnerese
■ Morgan. Miss Caro CrocKett, Miss Joseph
ine Lough borough, -Miss Hopkins, tolsa
Edna Hopkins, Miss Bertha smith. Miss
Adelaide Murphy, Miss .Lillian Foilis,
Clarence Fouls, Benjamin Hoilaaay, Wal
ter Magee, Burbank G. Somers, Edward
M.. Greenway, Waiter L.. Dean, William
■ U. Taylor Jr., Samuel H. Boardman, Au
gustus Taylor and Dr. Herbert Carolan.
■ i -■•=".■• .. '. ••-■.■ • ■:■ "-■•■■;■■-.-
Mrs. Edward Pond gave a progressive
euchre party on Tuesday evening at her
residence, 1418 Gough street, anu pleas
antly' entertained a few of her friends.
The Entre Nous Cotillon Club gave its
second "assembly and german at the Pal
ace Hotel Tuesday evening.
• Friday evening the Bachelors' Cotillon
Club gave the second dance in Maple Hall
at the Palace Hotel. It was a very enjoy
able atialr, two pretty figures of the ger
man being danced.
->•'■; ' ; : *r~- * • t
. Saturday was marked by two enjoy
able attains. The matinee tea given by
: Miss Greenwood at her home, corner of
'. Pacific avenue and Pierce street, and the
dinner at the Palace Hotel, when Mrs. M.
iiyman, entertained hfty guests in honor
ot her debutante daughter, Miss May
Uyman.
.Last evening General and Mrs. Dickin
son gave a ueilgbttui house party to a'
lew intimate mends at their home in
Uausaiito.
* * »
.A most unique and delightful dinner
was given by Mrs. Henry Wetherbee at
her home in i rultvale on Thanksgiving ;
day. The dinner was eaten by cundle
lignt, the center of the table being deco
• rated with a huge pumpkin, which formed
' a stand for ten candies, the number of
guests at table. At each corner of the I
table were candelabra containing seven
candles, and at each guest's plate was an
apple with a candle stuck thrpugn tne
center. j Besides members of the family
there were present at the dinner Key
Altred Bailey and Mrs. Bailey and Col
""onel and Airs. Samuel D. Mayer. *
* • »
The engagement is announced of Miss \
. Inda Elisabeth Hill, daughter of Mr. and
Mrs. a. H. Hill of OaKiand, to James
Marshall Hobbs of. this city.
The marriage of Miss Muriel Atherton
and Albert Russell will take place Janu
ary 4.
The marriage of Miss Anna Cunningham
of East Oakland and Morris Akerly, son
"of the late Key. Benjamin Akerly, will
be celebrated In Portland this week.
Mrs. E. C. Swift and Miss Mabel Swift
arrived from the East on Tuesday last
to !be present at the wedding of Miss
Ethel Murphy. They will remain here
several weeks. =■:■'--.'
Ex-Queen Liliuokalani arrived from
Honolulu on Monday, and has been a
guest at the California Hotel. .She will
spend a short rime in San Francisco and
will then leave for Washington. D. C,
where she intends to spend the winter.
Mr. and Mrs. Henry Wadsworth are at
The Colonial for the winter. Mrs. Wads- t
V ■ '
I worth returned from an Eastern trip last
Wednesday.
I Commander Postley, U. S. N., arrived
here Wednesday to attend the wedding of
his son, Sterling Postley, to Miss Cook
' of Belvedere, and is at the Palace Hotel.
Miss Ella Bender, who has been visit
ing Mrs. Crouch of Sacramento, left on
Tuesday for New York, where she Will
; be the guest of Mrs. J. Sloat F&ssett.
* • •
Mr. and Mrs. George Crocker, Miss
Rutherford, Mr. and Mrs. Charleß A.
Childs and Julius Kruttschnitt have been,
traveling through the Northwest. On
1 Saturday «. week ago, Mrs. Crocker, Miss
Rutherford and Mr. and Mrs. Childs left
j for St. Paul, while Mr. Crocker and Mr.
; Kruttschnitt returned to San Francisco.
Peter D. Martin leaves very shortly for
I the Orient, where he will join his brother,
• Colonel Walter Martin, U. S. V.. of Brig
adier General King's staff.
• * •
Tho regular annual banquet of the San
Francisco Alumni Association of Phi
Kappa Psi was held at the California
, Hotel on Wednesday evening. The officers
elected for the ensuing year wer<-: Presi
1 dent, P. W. Nolin; treasurer. Dr. A. B.
MclCee; secretary, William H. Mayhew;
Among those present were: Hon. J. C.
Need ham. Judge R. F. Crawford, W. 11.
Mayhew, Clayton Bennett. Percy H. Evans,
j George Starr, Rev. E. P. Dennett, Hon.
T. W. Nowlin, Dr. A. B. McKee, Dr. G. E.
' McPherson, Frank Coakley. Dr. J. Stow
Ballard, Hon. John E. Richards. Dr. F. G.
' Canney, J. B. Tregloan. B. F. Hall, G. W.
O'Brien. A. 11. Stephens, C. \>. Mark, W.
: A. Beasley, James W. Rea, Hon. L. 1..
Dennett, W. A. Snow. Charles K. Mcln
: tosh. Dr. R. F. Coyle, F. W. Buttelman, |
Joseph Rosborough and the active chapter
of Stanford.
The twenty-fourth anniversary of the
marriage of Mr. and Mrs. J. N. Patton
, was celebrated at their residence, 505 Cole
i street, on Thanksgiving day. The occasion |
; was greatly enjoyed by all. Those Invited
; were: Mr., and Mrs. Frank T. Green,
Captain and Mrs. George Johnson, Mr.
anu Mrs. R. Mohr, Mr. and Mrs. Dickson,
Mr. and Mrs. Edwin Goeller Mr ajid
Mrs. R. D. Cranston. Mr. and Mrs. N. A. I
| Harris Dr and Mrs. McFadyen, Mr. and ;
Mrs. A iMaynard, Mr. and Mrs. 11. Trull,
! Mr. and) Mrs. H. J. Owens, Mr. and Mrs.
Bewell Bogart, Mr. and Mrs. Waiter
Dickens, Mr. and Mrs. R. A. Lindsay, Mr.
I and Mrs. J. Sankey, Mr. and Mrs. John
1 Edwards. Mrs. Becsey, Mrs. Jennitson and
; Mrs. A. P. Payson.
The chilkoot Social Club gave its ini
tial party Saturday night. November 18,
at its club rooms, 2043 Railroad avenue,
1 Alameda. The rooms were tastefully dec
orated with palms, chrysanthemums and
I Chinese lanterns. The evening was en
' joyably passed In dancing and merry
making. Several solos were rendered by
i Mrs. T. Schultz, and H. Mohlman. A de
i licious supper was served at midnight.
j and music was furnished by the Manhat
ten Mandolin Club.
The Pacific Coast Woman's Press Asso
ciation will hold a social meeting Mon
day, November 2S, at 2:30 p. m. at Golden
Gate Hall. Miss Annie S. Peck, the
mountain climber, and Mary Hallock
j Foote, the writer and artist, will be the
! guests of honor. Miss Allee McComas,
Mrs. James Neall. Madame Spitzy and
Mrs. Bretherlck will contribute to the
programme.
The third assembly and german of the.
First Friday Cotillon will be held Friday
evening, December 2, in the Supreme
Court building, 305 Larkin street.
! Miss Hattie Joseph and Louis Bern
1 stein, whose engagement has been an
; nounced, will receive Sunday. December 4,
from 2 to 5 o'clock, at 024^ Grove street
♦ • ♦
A very quiet home wedding was that
of Miss Mary Huffman and Eppie Alex
ander White, which was solemnized.
Wednesday evening .at K::W o'clock, at the
residence of the bride's parents, Mr. and
Mrs C H. Huffman. JIW Broadway. Rev.
George Lyons, pastor of the Presbyterian
church in HuywsdWs, was the officiating
clergyman, assisten by Rev. Robert Mac
kenzie Miss Caroline Huffman served as
j maid of honor and William Swain of
Marysville acted as best man.
Owing to a recent bereavement In the
i family the guests were limited to rela
i tives "and Intimate friends.
The bride ' wore a handsome §own of
cream duchesse satin trimmm with
i dtichesse point lace and tulle. The veil
' was attached with orange blossoms, and
she carried a bouquet ot Bride roses and
Mr and Mrs. White, after a honey
! moon trip through the south, will go to
: Marysville, where they will reside.
Mr and Mrs. Marvin R. Higgins gave a
i progressive euchre party in the rooms of
: the SOrosfa Club Friday, November 18.
filter the distribution of the prizes, which
: consisted of very handsome pieces of cut
i glass and silver, a delicious supper was
served The following guests were pres
ent- Dr and Mrs. J. R. Lalne. Miss Tillie
Keldman, Mr. and Mrs. E. B. Carroll, Mr.
and Mrs. S. B. Blako, J. P. Babcock,
Charles L. Rhodes. Mr. and Mrs. A. G.
Booth, Mr. and Mrs. C. C. Grcss, Mr. and
MLrfl F. G. Sanborn. Miss Hughes, Mr.
| and Mrs. John Coleman, tiie Misses Cole-
I man Mr. and Mrs. F. N. Wood, the
; Misses Wood. Mr. and Mrs. G. M. Help,
! Mr and Mrs. John Flournoy. Mr. and
! Jlr». John G. Barker. Mr. and Mrs. Wll
i Ham Herrmann, Mr. and Mrs. O. O. How
; ard Jr.. Mrs. Charles D. R. Lodes, Stew
! art Rhodes. Mr. and Mrs. William Man,
Mr. and Mrs. Jasper M. McDonald, Mrs.
i Sarah B. J»hnson, Dr. and Mrs. M. Gard
! ner, Mr. and Mrs. J. H. Wallace, Dr.
Wallace, Mrs. A. L. Kelly, L. A. Kelly,
Mr. and Mrs. Fred L. King, Mr. and Mrs.
Fennimore, Mrs. Newton Booth, Mr. and
Mrs. William F. Payne, Mr. and Mrs.
Charles R. Havens, Mr. and Mrs. Charles
R. Crowell. Mr. and Mrs. F. L. Whitney,
Mrs. Robert Beck, Mr. and Mrs. G. F.
Richardson and Mr. and Mrs. Joseph Has
brouck.
• • •
Mrs. Georglana H. Coy gave a dinner
at her residence, 495 Geary street, on
Thanksgiving night in honor of her son,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
Charles Coy, -who has just returned from
the Orient. Covers were laid for twenty
eight persons, and the table was elegant
ly decorated with smilax and yellow
chrysanthemums.
On Monday evening Miss Susie Logan
entertained the Fin do Slecle Whist Club
in a very charming manner. In anticipa
tion of the Intercollegiate football game the
rooms were artistically and appropriately
decorated with the t'. C. colors. The
guests enjoyed three games of whist, the
tlrst prizes being won by Miss 1... Beau
man aJid F. A. West and the consolation
prizes by Miss 13. L. Gambltz, Miss Alice
Patridge and -*. J. Kennedy. The gentle
man's consolation prize. a miniature foot
ball tied with blue and gold ribbons, bear
ing the inscription "Kick at this," caused
much amusement. The balance of the
evening was spent in music and dancing
until a tempting supper was served. The
table was prettily decorated with smilax
and streamers of blue and gold ribbon,
while the walls were hung with pumpkin
blossoms. Many toasts were proposed
and the U. C. yell heartily given.
Miss Gertie Williams gave a very en
joyable birthday party recently at her
residence. 216 Peninsula avenue.
The Menlo Musical and Social Club an
nounces its sixth annual ball Tuesday
evening. November 29.
The d'Accord Club will trlvp its first as
sembly and hop of c season of 1898-99
on December 8 at Lv it's Hall.
La Estrella Parlor No. 89. N. G. D. W..
will give a private masquerade social at
Native Sons' Hall Thursday evening, De
cember 8.
Social Council No. 46. Order of Chosen
Friends, will give an entertainment and
dance at Shasta Hall. Native Eons' build
ing. Wednesday evening. November 30.
The engagement of Mlsb Lucle Cahen,
daughter of Louis Cahen of 1917 Franklin
street, and Louis Stern of the firm of
Levi Strauss & Co. of this city has been
announced. ■ • ■■
Miss Lillle Flo Hewes and T\ . D. Friend
will be married on Saturday, December
3. at 4 o'clock.
Mr. and Mrs. Charles Carpy. who have
been spending the summer at their roun
try home in St. Helena, have returned to
their home in this eitv for the winter.
Miss Ernestine Ellas of Modesto is th*
guest of her sister, Mrs. L- Harris, at 1409
Webster street.
Mrs. Charles L. -Jonoh-- returned last
week to her home in Santa Barbara.
Miss Marian Bentley left on Sunday
night for New York City to open a con
cert season there.
GOSSIP OF A SOCIETY BUD
Dearest Marguerite: 1, 2, S. 4. 5, 6, 7,
H. 9. 10, 11. 12, 18, 14, 15, 16, 17, 18, 19, 20,
21, 22!
22—0. That was the score, Peggy.
The Stanford ax was dull. The Berkeley
hoodoo, when be lost his job over there,
evidently took flight to Stanford. How
ever, the flutter (if cardinal was not
missed. The Berkeley boys did their best
to spill a great deal of red— Internally as
well as externally.
You don't know any more about foot
ball than the average freshie. So it'B as
useless to explain the game to you as it
is to him. There is a difference though.
You don't think you know anything about
it. He thinks there isn't anything about
It he doesn't know.
Monday, Tuesday and Wednesday we
anticipated. Thursday we had the reali
zation of our hopes— or fears— according
to our colors. Ever since then we have
been busy collecting our bets. In fact I
have been so busy collecting that I have
not had time to pay those I lost. For,
of course, I hedged, which would lead
one to suppose that I both won and lost.
Not I. 1 have already pocketed my win
nings and shall not cheat any one out
of theirs. But I'll owe it to them. 1
could live. on the interest of what I owe
now, so I'm sure of a cheerful old age.
We had our seats in the front row of
the University Club section. The sec
ond half the playing was all down at our
end so we had an excellent view of the
game. Dick said my remarks were so in
telligent that I surprised most of the men.
The other girls looked wise. One would
never have guessed that they didn't know
a fullback from a quarterback. I think
Bobby Eyre divined It. Helen said some
thing or other that made it impossible
for her best friend to accuse her of un
derstanding the game. But Bobby can be
trusted not to tell.
Everybody was there. From where we
sat we could see all that there was to
be seen. The Hopkins party sat three
rows back of us. Helen, Edna and Caro
Crockett wore the cardinal. It was very
b'-comlng. Bobby Eyre and Lawrence
Van Winkle were with them.
Marie Oge was there with Alf Williams.
Cupid has been doing some good work
in that quarter if Dame Gossip speaks
whereof she knows. Forsooth I know
not. but 'tis averred on all sides that
Marie has turned a willing ear to Cupid's
pleading. Marie looks as well as ever,
but Dick says that Mr. Williams no
longer eats three good meals a day. And
when a man's appetite fails he is either
in love or a victim of indigestion.
Mr and Mrs. Lester, Daisy Van Ness,
Howard Veder and Harry Stetson sat
within hearing distance of us; that is. it
would have been hearing distance under
ordinary circumstances, but in that noise
and din it was impossible to hear your
neighbor think.
• Leon tine Blakeman looked serenely
smiling with Lieutenant Wolf explaining
the game. I wish she would change her
mind about going East. The lieutenant
ADELINA PATTI
WILL MARRY AGAIN
LONDON. Nov. 19-- Aa «" ,n
Patti has fixed the first week in
February for her marriage to
Baron Kederstrom. •
ADELINA PATTI is about to take
jnto herself a young and
charming husband. At least it
Is to be supposed that he Is
young, for where a woman of
55 puts on the matrimonial yoke and
for the third time the object of her
choice is pretty sure to be some years
her junior.
a woman's heart is always young.
That the Baron Kederstrom is
charming goes without saying. He is
a Norseman, perfect in physique, at
tractive in his manner, a gifted vocal
ist, handsome, indeed, quite a para
gon in every particular, according to
the diva's description. What more
would you have?
For some time gossip has been busy
with the ever-young Adellna's affairs.
But a few weeks since that meddle
some old Dame Rumor violently cir
culated the report that Patti was
about to link her fortunes with a mem
ber of the "smart" set, who had been
rather conspicuous as a member of her
house parties at Craig-y-Nos in Wales,
and who had been dangling his fascin
ating person about her for some time.
Curiosity was piqued to such an ex
tent that the young man in question
was besieged with interrogations, par
ticularly on the part of the American
newspapers, or, to be more correct, an
American newspaper, as to who he was,
what he was and why he was. Also,
when he was going to marry Mme.
Patti, how much she was going to set
tle on him, and whether he intended to
allow her to give any more "farewell"
concerts.
London talked and talked and the
ripple spread into a mighty surge.
When Patti herself stepped forward
and announced her approaching mar
riage — not to the young man who had
been well-nigh paralyzed with the
wt-alth of interrogation that had been
showered upon him — but to» the lucky
Baron Kederstrom.
Adelina Patti was born in Madrid
February 19, 1843. Her father an Ital
ian, her mother Spanish, both of them
singers, it is not surprising that the
daughter should have inherited a voice
which has electrified two continents.
A stern determination, some might
call it obstinacy, has been one of her
most prominent characteristics through
life, and when she made up her mind
to have a thing all obstacles were
borne down before her will like wheat
before the reaper's scythe. She ex
hibited this trait in early age.
One night at a theater in an Ameri
can town, a small child occupied the
stage. Sho stood, making no move
ment, a strangely resolute look upon
her infantile face. Several times the
music started, the accompanist motion
ing to her to begin, but neither song nor
sound of any description issued from
her tightly compressed lips. Finally
some one from the wings approached
her.
After what appeared to be a rather
heated argument the some one retired.
reappearing in a moment with a hupe
doll in his arms. The little lady's face
broke forth into a pmile of heavenly
radiance, she clasped the doll in both
her arms and sang as no child ever
sang before.
This was Adelina Patti's first appear
ance before the public. Applause might
lurk in every corner of that house,
there mltfht be waiting for her any
number of bouquets and bon bons. but
unless she could have her beloved doll
to share it with her they mi^ht wait
until doomsday and she would not sing.
This child prodigy fortunately had
wise parents, and she was withdrawn
from the public to pursue her studies.
She did not appear again until May 14,
evidently wishes It even more than I do.
But Leontlne. and Ethel Keeney are go
ing, despite th" aching voids their ab
sence will create. V<\
Charlotte- Elllngwood and her friends
sat back of them. Wherever Ethel and
Leontlne are, the odds are that Charlotte
Is nearby. They are an Inseparable trio.
Mabel declares they're thicker than glue.
» Bernioe Drown looked very stunning,
and so did all the other girls who braved
the chill of the bleachers, for it. was cold
er than Greenland's icy mountains. Vir
ginia Joliffe told me that she cheered, de
spite the 1 - Inward conviction that her
frozen stiffened remains would be carried
home. >. . . r
Ollie Holbrook, Mr. and Mrs. Knight
and Harry cheered the blue and gold.
Harry's lungs are as good as his political
prospects. Basso profundo is mild squeak
ing in comparison. . .
■ Olive looked rather tired. She has more
than a bowing acquaintance with the wee
sma' hours. Every one insists on enter
taining. You can't laugh at the sand
man and keep your bright eyes.
Ollie, Josie and Mabel Loughborough
are having a very unique buduom, any
way. They're the only buds 6n the social
stalk, so of course they get all the atten
tion that In our first flowerdom was scat
tered over a dozen of us. •
Therese Morgan gave Ollie a dinner last
week that was exceptionally enjoyable.
The decorations were autumn' leaves, and
their rich colorings lent a warm, delight
ful tint that was charming.
The theater party that Gertie Carroll
was to give her had to be indefinitely
postponed. Gertie's uncle, Mr. Murphy of
Han Jose, died, so the Carrolls and Whit
tiers will have to abandon ■ entertaining
for the present. •
Mrs. Hopkins is going to give Ollie a
dinner on Tuesday night, to which we are
Invited. Then there is a luncheon on
Thursday, with Caro Crockett as hostess
and Ollie as guest of honor. Aside from
these two affairs, next week's calendar is
empty. Society • has taken down the
"Come early and avoid the rush" sign.
. Really, Peg, though, I'd rather go to a
game than a ; thousand : receptions | and
tens. There is still enough of the Ameri
can Indian in me to make me tingle all
over with the whooping and yelling and
singing ringing In my ears.
Aye girls are divided ;on two points.
Some of us are in love with Murphy and
others with Hall. I'm in love with both
myself. • . - ■'. . ' : ; ,
Then some of us love the red and some
the blue and gold. But after the game the
cardinals felt blue, and the blue and golds
watched their brothers do the red paint
act, so It -is ' hard *- to draw the color line
after, all. ' .
I am so weary that I could go to sleep
with a football for a pillow, and the odds
are 22—0 that I would not have the night
mare. Lovingly, FLORA McFLIMSY.
.. ' ■ •'-■'. ~ : ■• '.
His Wond«rful Name.
The following is a true story told of a
Mr. Ottiwell Wood, who was a minister 1
of gospel, and whose son, John Wood, j
for many years chairman of the Board of
Inand Revenue, vouched for its correct
ness, says the Household Words, Lon- |
don. Mr. Wood had to appear as a wit- j
ness in a North Country assize court, and
was asked and gave his name in due
course. "What?" asked the Judge peev
ishly, being rather deaf. Mr. Wood re
peated his answer. "Can't hear you;
spell it out. "snapped the Judge. U,
3ouble T, I, double U, E. double L, double
LJ, double O, D." The Judge threw down
:ils pen in despair.
This is even a more remarkable name
than that of the late Admiral W. vV •
Wood, which the cadets at the Annapolis
Naval Academy, when he was an In
structor in mathematics there, always
Bvrote, "W cube. O square, D." f
A rainbow appearance is now presented
n- the Eiffel Tower in Paris, which is be
ns minted. The undercoats of paint vary
n color for the different stories; the final
:oat will be deep blue.
1861, when she made her debut In Eng
land at the Royal Italian Opera. Her
success was instantaneous. From that
time she became famous.
During her second season in Paris,
the Marquis de Caux crossed her life.
He became a constant visitor at the
Pattis' and devoted to the prima donna
his undivided attention. That Adi?lina
was flattered by his attentions and re
turned in full his ardent admiration is
shown by the following conversation
which took place one evening at the
close of a performance of "La Travi
ata." Some of her friends had quitted
her dressing room. The Marquis re
mained behind. Adelina turned to him
and said:
"Now, Marquis, what Is the newest
gossip in Paris?"
"The newest," was the answer, "is
that we are engaged!"
The indescribable love light is said to
have animated her features, as with a
smile she said to the Marquis:
"And why not? I hope that would
not.be unpleatant to you?"
"No, surely not," the Marquis stam
mered. "I should be the happiest of
men if it were true."
Adelina, blushing sweetly, extended
her hand to the Marquis, exclaiming:
"And 1, too, should be happy."
And then true love began its rough,
tempestuous course.
The Marquis' mother considered that
her son was marrying beneath him
and withheld her consent.
Patti pere was not pleased with his
daughter's selection.
All this but helped to fan the flame,
: and Patti, resolute in her determina
i tion to wed the man she chose, fixed
1 July 29, 186S, as the day upon which the
j marriage ceremony should take place.
The first years of married life were
i blissfully happy.
About this time Patti reached the
! summit of her fame.
When she made her debut in St. Pe
tersburg orchestra seats sold for 100
rubles each, which is equal to about
! $78 40 of our money, and the flowers
! thrown upon the stage represented an
■ outlay of 6000 rubles— over $4000.
Then Nicolini appeared upon the
I scene. He and his wife and five chil
'< dren occupied the villa adjoining
Patti's. 'Tis said it is best to begin with
a little diversion, and Patti took a most
| intense dislike to the tenor. She avoid-"*
| ed him on all occasions, and even re
i proached her husband for being his
j friend and admirer. But Nicolini fair
j ly dogged her footsteps, following her
!In ail her tours. The first expression
' that he gave of his love was one day
< when Patti and a companion were
«tr<'lling in the Petrowski Park. A
carriage drove up, Nicolini alighted and
placed a note in Patti's hand. It ex
pressed In most Impassioned words his
love.
Patti laughed most heartily over it,
and declared that even if she wished it
would be impossible to love the man.
Then Adelina began to treat the tenor
with less harshness than heretofore,
the displeasure that she felt at Nico-
Jini's character changing to compas
sion. From this stage it was but a
short step to love.
When the Marquis learned of his
wife's faithlessness he tried in every
way to separate the pair. Engagements
in which the two were to appear were
by him canceled and the mere mention
of Nicollni's name led to many a
stormy battle between the Marquis and
his wife.
However, it was impossible to sepa
rate the two.
From the Frai leln Lauw's account
of Patti's life at this period the' follow
ing excerpt is taken:
"At the close of the season in Mos
cow the Marquis heard that Nicolini
was on his way to St. Petersburg, hav
ing offered to make amends for break
ing his contract by taking part in
twelve performances without receiving
any salary therefor. As soon as he ar
rived in the Russian metropolis the
Marquis demanded that 'Romeo and
Juliet,' in which Nicolini was to sing
Romeo, be stricken from the repertoire,
and that the tenor should not appear
during the season with his wife.
"The management promised that the
Marquis' wishes should be respected,
but — under pressure, no doubt, of the
two artists — 'La Traviata' was an
nounced for Nicollni's first night.
"The Marquis, furious, declared that
his wife should not appear. In despair
Ferry then promised that Signor Ma
sini should be substituted for Nicolini,
but on the evening of the representation
the latter stepped forth.
"After such occurrences no descrip
tion of the scenes enacted in the De
Caux household is needed to explain
how the inevitable rupture between
husband and wife came about."
Patti had held a brilliant social po
sition until this time, but she was
obliged to endure much obloquy after
her defection with the tenor. When
she appeared upon the stage women of
high social position either left their
boxes or drew the curtains.
Early in the seventies the Marquis
began divorce proceedings, which were
not concluded until late in 1884. Judg
ment was rendered in favor of the Mar
quis, "inasmuch as the scandal which
caused the separation between husband
and wife was still maintained."
In August, 1886, the offending couple
were married, and the devotion of the
pair is unparalleled in the annals of
stage romances. Never were they sep
arated, and Patti Insisted always upon
having Nicolini in the same company
with herself.
In his tenderness and care for her
Nicolini was untiring, ever watching
over and protecting her from every
thing that could bring injury to her or
to her voice.
During one of their visits to this city
the chronicler happened to ride in the
elevator of the hotel in which they were
stopping at the same time that they
were ascending. La diva's throat was
closely muffled In some soft silken
fabric. An acquaintance in the ele
vator addressed a remark to her, and
in an Instant Nicolini stepped forward,
placed a gentle finger upon Patti's lips
and remarked that madame never
spoke on the days when she was to
sing.
To the day of Nicolini's death, which
occurred little more than a year ago,
there was, apparently, never a cloud
to mar the halycon bliss of their union.
And now for the third time Mme.
Patti is going to take a chance in the
lottery of matrimony. The little game
seems to have a wonderful fascination
1 or* ye merry stage folk.
One blank — one prize — has been the
result of Patti's matrimonial ventures
so far.
Her chances seem about even.
There is certainly no reason why she
should not take such a step.
She is charming enough and young
enough at heart to make most men
happy.
And, in the meantime, all London
talks.
ADVERTISEMENTS.^^
)«>o«>o^o<&o<S>o^o€>o<s>o<&o«>o<»o<S>o<»o<?>o<J>o«>o«>o«>o<S>o's>o<s>o<S>o^>o^o^o«>o^
SPECIAL PURCHASE! 532. \
■ ; .- '*S».v . ;■■■'♦•
. » . • . ■ • ■ : O
We beg to inform the public of the arrival of the first ship- |
ment of New and Stylish Goods from the East, purchased by , our ..o
MR. JAMES O'BRIEN on his recent trip to New York and Chicago, o
$175,000 worth, purchased for every department in the o
house, from the LEADING MANUFACTURERS and LARGEST IM- o
PORTING EASTERN HOUSES at the enormous discount ot o
55c ON THE DOLLAR ! |
o
Large shipments due to arrive daily, and in order to make ♦
room for this vast and important purchase our PRESENT STOCK %
WILL BE MARKED PROPORTIONATELY CHEAP to insure a speedy. %
clearance. The first shipment arrived by express and consists _
of SILKS, SILK WAISTS and LADIES' WRAPS, MARKED AT AN |
EXCEEDINGLY LOW RATE, as may be judged by a visit to our |
establishment. We can positively and boldly state that never In o
the history of J.J. O'Brien & Co. was the firm able to make o
such an important announcement.' g
'::','. f _- J ' ■■■■-.• o
-jt ; — ■ •• ♦
SILK DEPARTMENT. §
' ; <£
50c FANCY STRIPED JAPANESE WASH SILK, sale price. 25c a yard %
. : o
$1 COLORED CRYSTAL BENGALINES, sale price oOc a yard |>
75c FANCY CHECKED SILK, sale price....... sOc a yard ♦
75c 24-INCH COLORED SURAH SATIN, light and dark shades, sale ♦.
price BO* a yard %
75c BLACK BROCADED SATIN, sale price 50c a yard |
75c BLACK SATIN DUCHESSE (all silk), sale price sOc a yard g
85c BLACK BAYADERE STRIPED SATIN, sale price 05c a yard ♦
$1.50 COLORED MOIRE VELOUR SILK, in street and evening shades, _
sale price « *>c a yard
,'- ] O
$1.25 BLACK BENGALINE, with colored figure, sale price.. 75c a yard g
$100 COLORED BROCADED SATIN, evening shades only, sale price, Q
;;-. :;; 75c a yard
"" ", " •■••-•- •' • — ■ O
$1.00 BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN. 24 inches wide, heavy quality, sale <$>
price 85c a yard O
$125 EXTRA HEAVY BLACK DUCHESSE SATIN, 24 Inches wide, sale £
price : $1.00 a yard g
■■ ■ f «>
— '— %
BLACK: DRESS GOODS. §
. •»
$1.00 CREPONS, 43 inches wide in new designs, sale price — 75c a yard £
$1.25 CREPONS, 44 inches wide, extra heavy, sale price — $1.00 a yard <j>
o
COLORED DRESS GOODS. |
<$>
50c ALL-WOOL COVERT CLOTH, 40 inches wide,. sale price.3sc a yard °
it — — — — — ■- ' r
LADIES' SILK WAISTS AND SOFA PILLOWS. I
• <§>
_A.t $7.50. I
LADIES HANDSOME TAFFETA AND SATIN WAISTS, in all the latest °
shades and styles, back and front finished with fine tucking, regular _
price $10.00 and $12.00, will be placed on sale at $7.50. <3>.
_________ Q
-Ajt o
LADIES' HANDSOME HAND-PAINTED SOFA PILLOWS, In silk or £
satin, finished with deep ruffle of silk, regular price $2.50, will be °
placed on sale at $1.00. J_
_; «►
- — •• — ■ ■ o
SPECIAL-==KID GLOVES! |
<&
J±t 'ZG Cents a Pair. |
54 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "HAVARD" KID GLOVES, colors red, %
brown, tan, green, blue, heliotrope and white, also black, worth $1.00, o
will be on special sale at 75c a pair. <^
o
J±t a. Pair. o
60 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP FRENCH KID GLOVES, colors red. 5
brown, tan, mode, green, white, pearl, butter and black, good value <^
for $1.25, will be on sale at $1.00 a pair. O
# # ■ ■ . . ■ _____ ; _; . <8»
__t $1.50 a Pair. I
LADIES' 3-CLASP "DENT'S" GLOVES, genuine French kid, In all the £
. leading shades, worth $2.00 a pair, will be on sale at $1.50 a pair. o
NOTE— EVERY PAIR GUARANTEED AND FITTED. *
■! • ' ■ . • <§>/
, f > • : ;t
/^/Market, Jones and McAllister Sts., / I
\jF Son Francisco* / o
LOVE'S MAGIC.
A head was bent o'er mine.
And sudden light lit up the room.
All dim before.
And straight there rose around
A new strange world, all wonderful ,
With words to hear and things to do
The old world had not known.
A hand was laid on mine, *,„„,«, !
And sudden glow shot through my frame.
All cold before.
And with the touch awoke
That which had slept and now rushed forth
With radiant hopes and daring dreams
The old days could not hold.
Dear lips were pressed to mine.
And sudden flame burned in my soui.
All calm before.
And from that flame there sprung ,
A new strange self whose pulses throbbed I
With secrets vague, mysterious.
The new life soon wouldjolve.^
_ — —
SIMPLICITY OF GREAT MEN.
The simplicity and ignorance of great
men form the subject of an entertain
ing article by Mr. Michael MacDonagh (
in the current number of the Cornhill
Magazine. There are, he says, many
amusing examples of the infantile
ignorance of judges, such as the late
Lord Coleridge's "Who Is Connie Gil
christ?" Sir Henry Hawkins' "What is
hay?" and Earl Halsbury's "Who was
Plgott?" In a libel action by a lady
journalist against Mr. Gilbert a few
years ago Sir E. Clarke read from a
book of the plaintiffs a description of
Chopin's "umber-shaded hair." Lord
Russell of Killowen's face assumed a
look of blank astonishment. "What
shade?" said he. "Umber-shaded," re
plied Sir Edward. "Yes, but what
shade is that?" pressed the Chief Jus
tice. The British jury could stand it
no longer. "Brown, my Lord — brown,"
they all cried with one voice and the
case proceeded.
Mr. Justice Ball, an Irish Judge, was
noted for his amusing manifestations
of ignorance, but whether they were
real or pretended has never been clear
ly established.^ He tried a case in which
a man was indicted for robbery at the
house of a poor widow. The first wit
ness was the young daughter of the
widow, who identified the prisoner as
the man who entered the house and
smashed her mother's chest. "Do you
say that the prisoner at the bar broke
your mother's chest?" said the Judge,
in astonishment. "He did, my Lord."
answered the girl, "he Jumped on it till
he smashed it entirely." The Judge
turned to the crown counsel and said,
"How is this? Why is the prisoner not
indicted for murder? If he smashed
this poor woman's chest. in the way the
witness has described, he must surely
have killed her." "But, my Lord,"
said the counsel, "it was a wooden
chest!" :': ;-.V
Some men were indicted at the Cork
Assizes for riot and assault before the
same Judge. The prisoners had beaten
two laborers who were drawing turf
from a bog belonging to an obnoxious
landlord. One of the witnesses said in
the course of his evidence, "As we
came near to the bog we saw the
prisoners fencing along the road "
"Eh! what do you say the prisoners
were doing?" asked Mr. Judge Ball
"Fencing, my Lord." "With what?"
"Spades and shovels," my Lord." The
Judge, looking amazed, said .to the
crown counsel, "Can this be true? Am
I to understand that peasants in this
part of the country fence along the
roads, using spades and shovels for
foils?" "I can explain it, my Lord,"
said the counsel. "The prisoners were
making a ditch, which we call a fence
in this part of the country."
■ — *•■...
The closing of the leaves of plants as
the evening comes on was at first sup
posed by botanists to be due to the dif
ference in temperature ; but on trans
planting the plants into a hothouse
it was found that the same phenome
non occurred, the leaves closing at •un
set. . -.;.. ; .»Aluminum Gray
is
The Latest Paris Fad.
Special to The Sunday Call.
NEW YORK. Nov. 25.— 1t sounds
like what the boys call a "chest
nut" to say that it will be a win
ter of furs, but such is truly
the case. Furs belong to cold
weather Just as they belong to
animals that live in the Arctic zone. But
this winter more than any winter
for years past furs will be worn by every
woman who can afford them.
This last clause is well added, for with
their very great popularity the price of
furs have gone up; for instance, take
Fueh a simple thing as a muff and boa.
Last winter you could get a very good set
for $15— ten for the muff and five for the
boa— the fur being a nondescript of dark
shades. The cheap chinchilla could also
be obtained for that price.
This year you need $50 for a muff and
boa; that is If you are going to suit your
■ n the selection.
The furs are absolutely bewitching; no
- word will express their loveliness.
They arP also, as the marriage notes say
of the gifts, "numerous and costly," and
Itively irresistible.
In one of the shop windows of New
York the other day I found a silver fox
muff and boa, which, i.i spite of tho hand
t .me price which the editor of this news
paper pays me for writing this fashion
letter. I was unable to buy, although I
would gladly have worked all winter for
ft— had there been nothing else to buy.
The- boa consisted of a great, round
foil of fur, which might have been, to
ft brilliant fancy, the body of a blue fox
stretched out, delighted at the prospect
of .encircling some fair neck. The head
< f tho fox formed one end of the boa, the
tail completed the other. The latter was
and silvery, with the blue of the
fur; it was so deep that you could bury
your face in It, yet so soft that it could
be. drawn through your hands. It was
Just a nice length, long enough to reach
when fastened just to the waist, with the
tail falling over the muff.
And the muff, what a pretty thing
it was! a great round mass, fully an arm
ful of blue fur with a blue fox's head at
the front and a great sweeping tall at
one . side. L'nrier the fox's head there
was a pocket Into which a small handker
chief could be thrust and a dime for car
fare. The lining of the muff was a love
ly scarlet, and when I carry that muff.
If the time ever comes, I shall wear with
It a coat lined with pcarlet.
I saw another handsome cape, and as
my fancy is fickle I may really choose it
instead of the other. It was made of er
mine, with the longest "eyes" upon it that
you ever saw. Around the edge of the
ermine cape were, thrc-e ruffles of silk
over silk, one falling over the other, and
each one edged with black stitching.
The muff was simply immense; nothing
elce would describe ft, and I hope the girl
who carries it will not lift it to her face,
for It will cover it.
Such lovely hats are to be worn this
winter. They are tin-tilted either far
i ' <r the face or far back: you can wear
i your hat just as you please, provided you
f lo not wear it in conventional style —
square over the pyi B.
The newest hats have still the pudding
laX tops made of spotted velvet, bro
caded silk, cloth, beads and gold and sil
ver. The latter can be taken almost lit
erally, for there were actually exhibited
in one of the shop windows of New York
the other day some sterling silver tops
for the hats. They were of filigree, and
were Intended to oe sewed upon velvet.
'Jne sees a great many of these tops about
FRENCH COAT WITH THE NEW BIG WATTEAU PLAITS.
the size of a tea plate made of beads and
fancy materials of all kinds. These are
sewed upon wheels of velvet that are
sewed over the crown of the hat.
The very broad, long breasts of any
kind of a" bird which has a thick, soft
breast covering is fashionable. The
guinea hen's breast Is highly desired; so
also is the breast of the Australian bird
which is now gayly singing in this coun
try. The breast of swans is very high
priced, and— told as a secret— so is that
of the duck also. These thick, soft breasts
are finished with plumes which are very
much like the bird-of-paradise plumes;
and the most brilliant bird in the world
is thus combined with the prosaic wad
dling duck. •-■ .-. -V
The very newest capes have fur com
bined with silk, but. in purchasing them it
is well to be a little careful, In a few
days this fashion may go out and you
will be archaic in appearance.
For example, there was exhibited in a
very elegant shop window in New, York
a few days ago a sealskin cape which
consisted of bands of sealskin with puffs
of purple satin set in between, as a satin
puff and a band of sealskin, then a puff
and another band of sealskin until the
cape reached to the hips. It was a nov
elty quite pretty and immensely expen
sive; but the question asked by the pru
dent buyer was, "How long will it remain
in fashion?"
On the other hand, a capo which "is
merely edged with silk ruffles, or which
has silk trimmings around the neck and
yoke and set in the front, will always be
fashionable, for it can be very easily. re
modeled, t
In buying 1 a fur garment, or any kind
of nice article, it is very well to look
into the question of remodeling to be sure
that it will "make over," for it is a bur
den to wear the same garment year after
year world without end with positively
no hope of a resurrection.
Hate are not quite bizarre, although
they are nearly so; they are becoming,
and that isaves them from being gro
tesque. Yet It is hard to describe them.
One of the most beautiful hats seen at
the convention of women's clubs in New
York, where hats were very handsome,
was the tiniest' green velvet toque worn
very far back on the head. At one side
were eight or ten feathery plumes, which
waved very gracefully over the back of
the head.
Mrs. William Tod Heluth, the president,
wore a toque so small that it could not be
seen from the audience except for Its wav
ing plumage.
Mrs. Theodore Sutro, the woman lawyer,
musical composer, society woman and
wife of a millionaire, wore a picture hat
well on one side caught with a beautiful
breast. The whole was of velvet except the
breast, which might have been that of a
bird of paradise. Several of the women
wore whole birds, head, feet, tail feathers
and all upon one side of the hat. Incident
ally there was a velvet crown and the piece
of a brim tipped over the ear. These odd
little hats are soft and becoming and you
cannot wonder that they remain popular.
In the midst sat the Audubon sisters,
grave and sedate in velvet hats—foather
less.
• Winter, coats are still hesitating between
the tightntting and the loose. The close
fitting are very close indeed, suggesting
the tailor-made. The loose ones are very
loose and some of them have the Watteau
plait, which falls . from the back of the
neck. The plait In this case is lined with
tho brightest of silk and is Intended to
show.
Kid yokes are the "very-, latest things for
those who have the money with which to
buy them, and It may be said that they
are not so very expensive after all; and if
you treat them after the modern fashion
they will last for years. The kid- yokes
are almost covered with tiny cut-steel or
naments which are sew<*i on sometimes In
close design and sometimes in scattered
pattern. These yokes are especially pretty
upon Persian lamb capes. ..
The hat to wear with the . kid yoke Is
also made of kid. It Is trimmed with fan
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SUM DAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
cy feathers and has a crown of beaded or
cut steel ornamented velvet.
Fancy feathers are not as much worn as
they were at the beginning of the season
and in their stead come the favorite long,
curly ostrich plumes. The spotted velvet
is Quite the rage and will undoubtedly
run throughout the winter as velvet is the
foundation of so many hats.
There is a mirror velvet showing black
spotted with rf^d. gray spotted with small
black dots, brown dotted with steel color,
and so on throughout the new color com
bination?. Winter Is the season for velvet
and this year the Flossy, silky material
has not been slighted.
HELEN WARD.
Theater
Fashions.
THE absorbing question: What
shall we hear at the theaters?
has been answered. Grand opera
Is an assured fact. The more ab
sorbing question, What shall we
wear? naturally arises. For 'tis
sale! that If the theater-going women
were given their choice of two imperative
afflictions— of becoming either deaf or
blind during the opera season— they would
promptly give their preference to deaf
ness.
The origin of dress Is usually wrongly
assigned to the ingenuity of the first
woman. Not at all. She may have pro
pounded the first essentials of clothes, but
it was an astute man who hit upon the
evolution of dresp.
He was trying to baffle the curiosity of
his wife, which he found Inconvenient,
after the manner of man sometimes.
"If I could only head her off on some
other idea! Happy thought. I'll try to
put together a new fabric for a dress." So
he expounded the pros and cons, the whys
and wherefores, the raison d'etre of dress,
till the feminine attention was thoroughly
aroused.
The instinct once implanted soon became
second nature in her sex. The modern
man finds little difficulty in his way when
he wishes his wife's mind to turn to the
subject of clothes.
Some beautiful gowns and opera cloaks
are ready to shed their wrappings and de
light the eyes of the public as soon as the
proper time arrives. Unless all signs and
auguries go for naught we are to have
a very dressy season at the theaters. The
heraldings of La Mode are even more
comforting than the advance notices of
the press agents. Buds, belles and mat
rons have all signified their willingness
to don purple ana fine linen for the thea
ters.
The matinee girl who Is absolutely good
form will still wear a simple but elegant
tailor-made gown. An elaborate robe at
an afternoon performance is in poor taste.
There is always a large sprinkling of
gowns of this sort, but the wearers never
belong to the sacred inner circle. I
counted over a dozen society girls last
Saturday afternoon. They one and all
wore tailor gowns.
For the evening there are gowns and
wraps gorgeous enough to please the most
fastidious. For the opera season there
are some semi-decollete gowns that will
delight the eyes of the beholders. The very
low-necked gowns have never found fa
vor with San Francisco theater-goeri.
A beautiful gown which will be worn for
a theater party In the near futuro Is made
in a semi-decollete design with a dog-col
lar of pearls. The bodice Is made with a
lace yoke terminating In long narrow
points of lac©, the points upturned, and
caught under the pearl collar. The effect
of the flesh tints showln* between the
strips of lace Is wonderfully attractive.
The gown Is m turquolie blue taffrtn,
showing to advantage the blonde beauty
of the wearer. '
The theater Jackets are newer and bid
fair to be equally as popular as the opera
capes. The only objection to them is that
they are more likely to crush the bodico
underneath. They are all made in Louis
XVI style, finished in tabß around the
lower edge of the jacket. In fact, every
thing must be tailed, whether it be coat,
mantle or skirt.
A striking little theater jacket in this
Louis XVI mode has been brought over
from Paris by one of our beautiful society
women. It is made of yellow and white
brocade. A wired lace collar flares up at
the back of the neck and terminates in
front in two long points. The Bmall sleeves
reach only to the elbow, where they are
finished with upturned lace cuffs. A frill
of lace fails from under the tabs that are
cut around the lower edge of the jacket.
Two wide revers fold back from the front
and each ends at the waist line.
The style of wearing odd waists and
skirts has been revived and pleads Its own
cause, not only from a point of usefulnebS,
but because some beautiful combinations
are really possible. A creamy tan skirt,
with a bodice In rose has Just left the
modiste's hands and is really a thing of
beauty. The combination of color used
this season is far more harmonious than
heretofore. Glaring effects are no longer
Bought.
Whether the skirt be of the like color or
Is designed for nn odd waist. It is cut on
the same pattern. The craze for lines
that writhe and cling about the body
grows apace. Every self-respecting skirt
must have an appallingly tight aspect.
The flounced skirt is dead and in Its place
is the eelskln sheath of twenty years ago.
fitting the hips without a wrinkle. From
below the knee it widens out into volumin
ous clinging folds. This necessitates a
great deal of attention to one's steps when
walking. If not properly handled the be
holder is very likely to think that infirm
old age has suddenly descended on the
victim to Fashion.
Since theater no longer consists of two
solid hours of millinery, large picture
hats are seldom worn, for they are too
cumbersome to hold. They are only seen
at the matinee in the boxes, where they
can enjoy the proud distinction of adorn
ing the 'wearer's head throughout the
play.
Picture toques are affected by girls who
have not quite attained the age of opera
bonnets. The hair is arranged In some
pretty, fluffy manner that will look well
with the toque removed.
AT-HOME
DRESSES
FOR at-home dancing parties young
ladies are expected to be suitably
gowned, which means in thin gowns
of organdy, net, chiffon, etc., over silk
linings, or light silk gowns with belts
and sash ends of velvet edged with tiny
frills -of black or white mousseline. Silk
at 75 cents a yard Is pretty and would be
economical as It would answer another
■eason for a lining.
Fetching Suit for Winter Wear.
White, pink, turquoise, light yellow and
lavender are the favorite evening colors
in the order named. White forms a con
venient dress, as different accessories
may be used with it and the skirt worn
with odd waists. If merely a looker-on
a light dress or waist, made high in the
neck and long sleeved, in silk or
chiffon, or a light weight veiling
trimmed with three gored ruffles to the
knees, each edged with velvet ribbon;
blouse waist finished with two ruffles
around the low neck and a removable
yoke of white lace over pink, of pink
tucked taffeta, with collar, belt and sash
ends of the silk, would be appropriate.
Another suitable toilet is a black silk or
nice white wool »klrt. with a full gath
ered waist of light-colored chiffon having
collar and sash of silk or velvet. One
more advanced in years might wear a
light waist and black silk skirt, or an en
tire black silk costume with lace yoke or
vest.
A black silk is again the most useful
dress for one's wardrobe, and in contem
plating a city visit, with any of its at
tendant gayetles, such a gown becomes
an absolute necessity. If bent upon a
quiet visit without any society one may
dress more plainly, but in all cases the
social position of the friends who are en
tertaining us must be considered.
» m «
The novelist can give the preacher some
good points, and especially in the matter
of the sermon plan. After Zola had col
lected some 1700 pages of notes and ar
ranged them in order he writes about
"Lourdes": "My book is finished; ; I
have only to write It." George Eliot
would make several draughts of her plot
before she wrote a line. Of Mrs. Henry
Wood her biographer says: "The great
amount of thought and deliberation be
stowed upon her books was always at the
commencement. She would first compose
her plot — a matter of extreme care and
deliberation, where nothing was passed
over or hurried. This would take her
about three weeks of very close applica
tion, and until the whole was accom
plished not one line was written." As a
rule the more time a preacher spends
over the plans of hie sermon the less time
will he need to spend on Its composition.
BEST WAY TO CARE FOR THE FACE
This department Is for the benefit of all those who are interested in the science of cosmetics and the hy
giene of proper living. If any one desires information on either of these subjects thsir questions will be cheer
fully answered in these columns. Write as often as you like, ask as many questions as you please and sign
any name that you chooae. Address all communications to Mme. Hygeia, The Sunday Call, San Francisco.
AMONG the mottoes In my old
copy book over which I used to
curve my spine and cramp my
fingers In the dear, dead days
of my Inexperienced youth be
fore the cares and responsibil- '
ities of life— such as telling you girls how ,
to be beautiful— had laid their devastat
ing fingers upon me was one which- read
in this fashion: "No excellence without ,
great labor." And this la as true ai.'out :•
personal improvement as anything else. '
If we would keep the colors of the lilies
and the rose in our cheeks we must labor
unceasingly. "We must see to it that the
diet is what it should be; that our bodies
are kept clean; that the creams and lo
tions that we put upon our faces are of
the purest; that our sleeping rooms are
well ventilated; that we take sufficient
exercise to keep the blood from getting
sluggish; and last, but not least, that
the water with which we wash our faces
is as soft as it is possible to get it. There
is no sort of doubt but that the water
wi.ich comes to us through the hydrants
and faucets of a city residence is respon
sible for many of the comploxion ills.
The secret of a beautiful complexion is
said by those who ought to know to lie
in the exclusive use of rain water for
washing purposes.
Ninon de l'Enclos never used anything
upon her face but rain water, and she .
was so beautiful that at the age of eighty
she was still capable of inspiring the ten
der passion.
Of Diane de Poitiers and Madame Re
camier the same may be said.
In the days of our grandmothers dew
water was considered the best cosmetic
In the world, but, although the vanity of
f woman is colossal, I doubt if it would
carry her to the extreme point of crawl
ing out of her warm bed in the early
hours of the morning, particularly the
Winter morning, and groping around in
the grass for sufficient moisture to bathe
her face in. As it Is almost impossible to
catch the elusive raindrops in quantity
sufficient to last for any length of time
the next best thing Is distilled water.
This is said to be the very best whltener
of the skin, but if purchased it is expen
sive. A small still can be bought at the
cost of a few dollars, but if one does not
care to go to even that expense a simple
substitute for a still is a teakettle, with a
close cover and a gutta percha or lead
pipe fastened to the spout leading
through a pail of cold water into a Jar.
for holding the distilled water." The steam
from the boiling water goes off through
by Mme. Hygeia
"Beauty TalKs"
the tube, ennuerses under the cold water
a-nd runs off pure Into the receiver. In
steam-hen trd houses distilled water may
be amply provided by adding a pipe to
one of the tubtflar heaters that will carry
stoam intn n cooler, from which pure
w«»tt r may always be obtained.
If you do not rare to take so much
trouble then Bqfteti the water with the
lavender lotion which I have ayoken of
repeatedly.
latterly refuse to allow your face to
have evon a bowing acquaintance with
hard water. The lime which it contains
will crack the epidermis, roughen, redden
and chap it out of all semblance of
bonuty.
The face must be thoroughly scrubbed
once in the twenty-four hours lest the
pores become clogged with the Brooke ar.d
dust of the atmosphere. Bedtime Is the
best time for this scrubbing and a little
castile soap and ft camel's hair face
brush will assist the cleansing operation.
Then, to keep the skin soft and yielding,
free from harshness and on unpleasant
terms with wrinkles, a little pure cold
cream should i,e used.
In the morning it will not be necessary
to again wash the face unless the skin
has not absorbed all the oils of the cream.
In that case merely wipe away with a
cloth just slightly moistened. If the face
needs washing at other times I would sug
gest that this toilet milk be used:
MILK OF ROSES.
Cucumber juice, boiled and cooled, 1
oui.ee.
Spirit of soap, 1 ounce.
Rosewater. 4 ounces.
This will also' be found to be excellent
to apply before fluffing powder over the
face.
Answers to Correspor)dents.
X B. R.— You, too, I feel certain will
forgive me for not having replied to your
letter by mall. The alum wash Is to be
used only In case of ftabbiness of the
skin, and should be used after massage
with a good cold cream or skin food. A
piece the size of a bean In a pint of water
is plenty. It is not necessary to bind It on
over night— just dip a piece of absorbent
cotton or a small sponge In the water and
dabble It on the chin.
AUGUSTA— The condition of your skin
is no doubt caused by an impure condi
tion of the blood. Try and remedy this
by plenty of outdoor exercise, and by eat
ing good, nourishing food. Avoid all rich
and indigestible foods, such as gravies,
fried foods, pastries, sweets, pickles and
all highly spiced dishes. Eat vegetables
and lots of fruit. Sleep in a well ventilat
ed room; take a daily tepid sponge bath
and a hot bath twice a week, scrubbing
the entire body briskly with a flesh brush
and a good soap. Then suppose you first
drive away the pimples by sponging the
blemishes with diluted llsterlne. When
they disappear, go for the blackheads
each night with a camelshriir face scrub
bing brush, tepid water and castile soap.
After thoroughly rinsing and drying the
face, rub Into the skin cold cream made
after the following formula: Spermaceti,
one ounce; white wax, one ounce; oil of
sweet almonds, five ounces; rosewater,
one and three-fourths ounces, and twenty
grains of borax. Melt the first three in
gredients In a porcelain kettle over a slow
tire, and be sure not to let the mixture
boil. Remove from tho heat and add the
rosewater In which the borax has been
dissolved. Fluff up witk an egg-beater.
E. B. — Take equal parts of red vaseline
and cocoanut oil and mix by melting in
a porcelain kettle. This will do nicely to
make the eyebrows grow, but it is rather
B risky business to put anything on the
lashes, as the simplest oil will irritate the.
eyes. To make the neck plump massage
every night for ten or fifteen minutes with
equal parts of cocoa butter, laimline and
cocoanut oil melted together. The breath
ing exercise given in beauty talk of Sun
day before last will help wonderfully.
BEATRICE B.— l am afraid nothing but
time will restore the color to your faded
locks. For the dry and brittle condition
I would advise massaging the scalp with
a little pure olive oil which has been
heated. The next simplest tonic is sage
tea. Take a small handful of the com
mon dried sage, which can be bought at
any drugstore, and place It in a porcelain
kettle. Add nearly a quart of water and
let simmer until it has boiled down to
about a pint. Strain and add one table
spoonful of alcohol. This will darken the
hair slightly and may be just what you
r.f-ed. Cutting the ends of the hair is
excellent and is surely not the cause of its
becoming coarse and dry.
MRS. W.— I can tell you of nothing bet
ter in the way of a skin food than the one
you are using. Perhaps you have not
used it long enough to see Its good effects,
for it may be that your skin does not re
spond readily to treatment. I am so
pleased that the exercises which I recom
mended for reducing the large abdomen
have been of so much benefit to you. I
consider the rubber toilet brushes too
harsh and severe. The camel's hair
brushes are better, but unless there are
blackheads or clogged pores the crash
wash cloth will do just as well.
ETHEL B.— You can get a piece of fine
ly cut pumice stone, and by rubbing it
daily over the superfluous hairs can keep
the skin free from the blemishes. This
will not destroy them for good, and al
ways, but by constant use will keep the
skin clear of them. Peroxide of hydrogen
—the liquid used for bleaching the hair
can be applied with perfect safety. It
will bleach the hairs to a lighter shade,
so that they will be less noticeable. Soap
if It is pure should not encourage the
growth of hair on the face, but it is very
difficult to tell about these things. Where
the tendency toward a superfluous growth
is excessive, almost everything will seem
to stimulate it, even friction. A pure and
perfectly harmless powder can be made
after the following formula: One ounce
Lubin's rice powder; one ounce best, pur
est oxide of zinc; one-half ounce carbo
nate of magnesia, finely powdered; twen
ty grains boracic acid: ten drops attar of
roses. When purchasing your Ingredients
ask your druggist to powder each separ
ately in a mortar. First put your rice
powder through a fine sieve and then
through bolting cloth. Do the same thing
with the oxide of zinc, the magnesia and
the boracic acid before adding them to
the rice powder. When all are combined
put twice through bolting" cloth. After
each sifting throw away tiny particles
Two Styles of Gowns in the New Aluminum Gray.
that remain. It. is very necessary that .
all theingredientß be made fine and soft
and downy. Add the attar of roses last.
MARGARET <».— Try , the following
wash on the Beat: Boracie acid, one
dram; diluted witch hazel, two ounces;
rosewater, two ounces. Mix and rub on
'the scar night and morning. Systematical
massage with a good skin food will also
help.™-^ -...■••'-• - ■■•• • ■
FRECKLES— Following Is a new cure
for freckles, which is as excellent as any
thing ever mixed tog-ether. If it does not
( make the' little brown horrors disappear
then I. fear .nothing will: Sulphur, one
dram; /borax, one-half dram; glycerin,
one-half ounce; spirits of camphor, one
half ounce; rain .water; fifteen ounces;
tincture benzoin, one dram. Hub sulphur,
-glycerin' and borax to a fine paste, then
add gradually. the water and the spirits of
camphor and the tincture of benzoin in
the. order, named. .Shake well before ap
plying -with 'a'sbft sponge or the camel's
hair face brush. J\ •- < • • /
. .. UNE ECOSSAI6E~It was good to hear
1 from you again, arid. I feel, now that we
are quite old friends. -I was very muth in
terested in all that you told me about
yourself, and I hope that everything will
soon be straightened out to your entire
satisfaction. I am quite charmed with
the many nice things you say about my
. recipes. I am certain of one thing— that
there are none better. As to your appear
ance. I am quite sure you are not such a
"fright" as you picture yourself. At any
rate that is a bad. thought to carry. Get
rid of it. Massage the lines in the cheeks
with the skin food, rubbing across the
cheeks upward and outward. If the skin
is flabby use the alum wash. I am sorry,
but I " can suggest . nothing I other than
witch hazel for the scattered blood ves
sels.- I do not think a cure for these ha 3
ever been discovered. 1 do not think that
even -electricity will remove them, and I
do not believe there are any here who
can successfully treat them, although
they may claim that they can do so.
' The lettuce cream calls for a teacupful
of lettuce, cut very fine. Use only the
tender inside leaves of head lettuce. The
lemon hair wash is more particularly for
•blonde , hair. "' l wish you would try the
egg shampoo that I have many tim°s
given formula for. It is the yolk of one
egg, one . ounce of rosemary spirits and
one pint of distilled water. Beat ,the egg
thoroughly and add it to tho rosemary
and water. ' Cleanse the scalp and hair
with this, and be sure and rinse thor
oughly in several waters. It will leave
the hair silky and glossy and will, I am
pretty certain, bring out the golden tints.
Here is an excellent tonic for falling
locks: Four ounces cologne, one-hair
ounce tincture cantharides and one-fourth
dram each of oil of lavendar and oil of
rosemary. Apply to the roots once or
twice a day, using a small sponge for the
purpose. Which of the remedies was It
that you used with such benefit on the
hair?
"Lait "Virginal" is made as follows:
Take a quart of rosewater and add to it,
drop by drop, stirring all the while,- an
ounce of simple tincture of benzoin. This
lotion is thought by some to be improved
by the addition of twelve drops of tinc
ture of myrrh and a few drops of gly
cerine.
Last Sunday's beauty talk will have an
swered your questions about the hands.
Ask your druggist for pure orange flower
water and he will give you the proper in
gredient for the skin food. I prefer the
camel's hair complexion brush to any
other. Use your judgment about the
amount of water to be used for the oat
meal lotion.. I have never made It, but I
fancy a quart would be about right. There
are two or three of your questions yet
unanswered, and I am sure you will not
mind very much if I do not answer them
until next Sunday. I have already given
you considerable space v and there are so
many waiting. So au revoir until next
week.
.GLADYS— Under no circumstance's use
the camphor on the eyes. You must tret
camphor water as the recipe called for
That, together with the witch hazel, will
' prove a very soothing wash to the lids
will answer the rest of our questions next
Sunday. .
KITTIE M.— l really do not know what
to suggest in connection with the co,d
cream. I have never known It to act in
the way you describe, and could not very
well tell what is wrong with it without
seeing it. Possibly your skin needs nour
ishment and the orange flower skin food
would be better for it. I'm 80 sorry you
have had such a time.
MRS. W.— l wouldn't use precipitated
chalk on the skin if I were you. Not that
it is particularly injurious to the skin
but it is very apt to roughen it. The cold
cream that you mention I have never
heard of before, so do not know If it is
pure or not, and I do not advise any one
to put any preparation upon the face tne
ingredients of which they do not know.
TOPSY— I cannot tell you just how
much of the orange flower skin food it
will take to bring about the result >ou
desire. If the face is very much emaci
ated it will take longer to fill out the hol
lows, of course, and, too. some skins
respond more quickly to treatment tnan
others. The development when once ac-'
quired will remain without further mas
sage, unless one loses one's health and
: strength. Just rub the cream lightly over '
the nose without rubbing it in. The deep
lines that you speak of on either side the
mouth will sometimes resist all efforts to
get rid of them. The only thing that will
nave any effect upon them is systematic
massage with the skin food, rubbing al-.
ways across the lines and away from the
. mouth, upward. Massage must always
be gentle, taking care not to stretch the
skin. I cannot suggest anything for the
daughter's fingers except to put some
thing bitter on them to keep her from
putting them in her mouth. It is merely
a habit and , one that should be easily
broken. " ' .
BUTTERCUP— The nose can often be
coaxed. lnto, smaller proportions by g-ently
stroking and smoothing it. If you wish
' to reduce the fat cheeks, massage with a
pure, home-made cold cream, picking up
the flesh with the thumb and forefinger
and rolling and rubbing as much as you
possibly can without injuring or broking
the skin. Then, in order to keep the flesh >
from getting 1 flabby, the cheeks must be
. bathed in cold water in wKich is a small
pinch of alum — a piece the size of a bean
being plenty for a pint of water. This
alum bath is only to be applied when you
: are giving, the movements for reducing
facial plumpness. Write again. '■;
2728
HAROLD FREDERIC`S PLAN OF WORK
As a Novelist
THE late HaroTfl Frederic, -wliose
recent death has been already
duly reported in this as in. most
other newspapers, was a man ->t
pronounced peculiarities of manner
and character: but he had the power
of inspiring some extraordinarily close
attachment?. When Stephen Crane
made his first visit to London, a year
or two ago, a great friendship sprang
up. almost in a night, between him and
Frederic; and thenceforward one was
never-failing in uttering the praises of
the other. Their ardor in mutual ad
miration was at times a little amusing;
end it might at times even have proved
offensive but for the unquestionable
sincerity of it.
The eminent quality In Frederic's
composition seems to have been his in
domitableness; he was a man who
never gave up; and' the good rank he
attained as a journalist, and later as a
novelist, he attained largely by force of
•will. This is shown in the way in
which he wrote his first novel— that is,
the first undertaken, but, as it after
wards proved, not the first finished. He
told the story of this enterprise once
to his friend, R. H. Sherard, and it has,
I believe, never been published — cer
tainly not in this country. "All the
time that I was editing this paper,"
said he, the paper referred to being the
Albany Journal, "I was wanting to
write my novel, 'In the Valley,' my his
torical novel, my Lorna Doone, than
which I shall probably never write any
thing better. I started on it four or
five, times whilst in Albany, but al
ways tore up all that I had written be
cause 1 was not satisfied with it. I
once wrote as much as twenty thou
sand words, and altogether I must have
written fully fifty thousand words of
this novel, all of which went into the
fire."
Here the work stopped until after
Frederic went to London, to represent
the New yorkv ork Times. "There, after
some time," said he, "I began once
more upon 'In the Valley, 1 ' and during
I>-M wrote about seventeen thousand
words, which I also threw awaj. I
then realized that I did not know how
to make a book, hew to cover a can
vas. I had notions about how certain
parts of the canvas had to be covered,
but did not know how to complete the
work as a whole. So, as an experi
ment, a literary preliminary canter, I
wrote "Seth's Brother's Wife.' I wrote
it off-hand and purely as an experi
ment, to see what it was like to write
a bonk. When it was written I sent it
to Scribner's. . ever believing that
they would accept it. To my enormous
surprise they wrote to tell me that
they were starting- a new magazine and
that they would like to use my story
as the first serial in that magazine. It
was thus that # Seth's Brother's Wife'
appeared in Scribner's Magazine, where
it made its point. Encouraged by this
success I felt at liberty to set about
my 'In the Valley,' the thing nearest to
my heart, and in eight months, in the
year ISS7, I wrote that book. It was
written as I say in eight months, but
it represented eleven years of work and
preparation."
As a novelist Frederic regarded him
self as the direct son of the famous
French collaborators, Erckmann and
Chatrian. "I hold myself, more indebt
ed to these two men than to all other
writers in any language, all put togeth
er," was his positive way of putting it.
Except "The Damnation of Theron
Ware," none of his novels can be said
to have had great success.' They have
all' had high commendation; but, for
the most part, moderate sales. He had
finished a new novel only a month or
two before he died, which will be pub
lished serially in this country by the
Saturday Evening Post of Philadel
phia. I have had the privilege of read
ing it in manuscript and I can say that
for immediate and sustained interest
it is. the equal of anything he ever
wrote. It is the story of an immense
speculator, who, after many disap
pointments, makes a mammoth fortune
at a single stroke, and then, having no
further need of money, tries to adopt
t-he life of a gentleman of leisure. The
discord between such a life and his ac
FRATERNAL NEWS
ORDER EASTERN STAR.
The officers of Harmony Chapter No.
• 124 will be installed on next Friday
evening in King Solomon's Hall, Masonic
Temple. The affair is invitational.
The officers of Golden Gate Chapter will
be installed in Golden Gate Hall on next
Thursday evening with appropriate cere
monies. This is also invitational. At the
last meeting of the chapter two candi
dates were admitted to membership, one
of them being Mrs. A. J. Caminetti, the
wife of the- ex-<"ongressman. George L.
■ Darling of this chapter is now the asso
ciate grand patron of the Grand Chap
.ter.
The entertainment and ball that was
given last Tuesday by Harmony Chapter
in Native Sons' Hall was a very enjoy
:. able affair, and under the direction of Dr.
Millberry there was presented a most en
joyable programme of music, song and
specialties. The feature that enraptur
ed the audience was the whistling solo of
Miss Cordie Wetjen, who made her first
' public appearance since her return from
the East. So delighted were her auditors
•' that she was. in response to the loud and
■prolonged applause, forced' to appear
three times. The ball that followed the
programme lasted until midnight.
TTIE ODD FELLOWS.
■ Grand Master Breuck and Grand Secre
.tary Shaw are still visiting in the south
ern part of the State. Their visits are
productive of a great deal of good to the
order.
At an open meeting of Arbor Vitae
of the Rebekahs there was a baby
. show. Nine little ones, born during the
3 - ear, were on exhibition for a prize, and
'-.the judges selected were five old bache
lors. They awarded the prize to the only
boy baby.
The Christmas Cheer Committee of San
Francisco has organized for work with
the following, named officers: Mrs. H. H.
.Dobbin, president; Mrs. F. Pierce, vice
president; J. F. Nichols, secretary, and
"Dr." Sig Regensburger, treasurer.
The New Age, the oldest Odd Fellow
■publication in the world, will enter upon
the thirty-fifth year of its existence next
January.
On the 30th inst. Oriental Rebekah
Lodge will entertain Cosmopolitan Lodge
of the Rebekahs and Sunset and Mission
. Rebekah lodges at a banquet in Odd Fel
k>ws" building.
ANCIENT ORDER OF WORKMEN.
■ Unity Lodge will elect its officers ror
the ensuing term at the meeting next
Tuesday, and after the election there will
be a grand smoker, commencing at half
past 8 o'clock. The committee has ar
ranged a way up programme.
Nevada City Lodge No. 52 of Nevada
- City has, since the adoption of the classi
fied- plan of assessments-;, made rapid
strides in the matter of membership, it
having since that time increased nearly
200, and is now the largest lodge of Work
men in any place of the size of Nevada
City in the northern part of California.
This increase is largely due to the effi
cient work of Special Deputy H. I.
Brewer who secured 17. r > of these mem
bers. A little more than a year ago the
order was comparatively dead in Nevada
County, but the work of the special depu
ties since that time shows that the judg
" Vent of Past Grand Vintner in keeping
hergetic deputies constantly on the go j
tive, commanding temperament sup
plies the incidents of the latter half of
the story, while the narrative of his
one great speculation occupies the first
half.
• • *
BOOKS RECEIVED
ONE of the prettiest of the Christ
mas books to make its appearance
from a San Francisco publishing
house is entitled 'Ten Drawings
in Chinatown." The pictures are
by the well known young artist,
Ernest Peixotto, and the letter press by
"was •wise. This lodge has an up-to-date j
drill team, has largely attended meetings J
and new members are initiated at every i
meeting.
Grass Valley Lodge No. 51 has, through
theeffortsof Special Deputy H. W. Roberts,
obtained fifty new members in the past
month, and the prospects are that within
the next month a like number will be
added. At a meeting of the lodge last
week there were more than eighty mem
bers present, and eight candidates took
the degrees in amplified form, the work
being impressively rendered by the drill
team. After the ceremony all partook of
an excellent banquet served by the ladies
of Unity Lodge, Degree of Honor. The
ladies were tendered a vote of thanks for
their kindness.
At a meeting of Oak I^eaf Lodge in
Oakland last week there was a large at
tendance, including many of the old vet
erans of the order, among them J. A.
Colquhon, first grand foreman of the
Grand Lodge. Past Grand Master Work
man W. H. Barnes delivered an interest
ing talk on the order.
Haywards Lodge will celebrate its twen
ty-first anniversary on the 19th of next
January.
DEGREE OF HONOR.
Cypress Lodge No. 76 on the 15th inst.
had a very pleasant meeting at which
were present District Deputy Mrs. E. A.
Richmond of Mistletoe and several mem
bers of that lodge. The manner in which
two candidates were initiated elicited
much praise for the officers who perform
ed the work. This was very satisfactory
in view of the fact that it was but the
second initiation since the institution of
the lodge. Under good of the order EL
Duesterbury of Mistletoe entertained with
a short address and numerous stories,
Mr. Terrill of Cypress delivered an elo
quent address on "Woman," and Mr.
Harrington favored with a vocal solo.
Upon adjournment there was a collation,
after which Messrs. Cnckefair. Harring
ton and Moses and Stella Graham, the
lodge quartet, rendered several vocal se
lections.
On the 29th of October the membership
of Minerva Lodge No. 33 of Alameda took
part in the celebration of the fifteenth
anniversary of the wedding of Mrs. Louis
Schroder, past lady of honor of the lodge.
The members presented to the lady and
her husband a beautiful lamp to light
them on their journey to future anniver
saries.
THE CHOCO*LATE BONBONS.
The young ladies of Buena Vista Parlor
of the Native Daughters of the Golden
West are preparing for the extrava
ganza which they will produce next Tues
day night in Native Sons' Hall under the
title of "The Influential Order of Choco
late Bonbons." and it promises to be the
most enjoyable entertainment that this
parlor has ever given. The ladies, eight
een in number, have for some time past
been rehearsing under the tuition of E.
C. Davis, and as they are most enthusi
astic, they fee. confident that they will
make this even a more brilliant success
than was the minstrel show they recently
gave and which was highly commended.
The ladies who are to represent a bon
bon will, to carry out the name of the or
der, be attired from the waist down in
chocolate colored suits, while the upper
part of the dress will be in imitation of
the particular bonbon the lady will repre
sent. The scene will be presented in an
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27,1898^
Robert Howe Fletcher.
This book is a credit to everybody con
cerned in its production, from the artist
to the printer.
The illustrations are all India proofs
from plates of pen and in., drawing's. The
handling of these drawings and the se
lection of subject are in Mr. Petxotto's
best style. He has seen -the picturesque
and avoided the commonplace. Every one
of his pictures is interesting, true to life
and artistic.
The writer of the descriptive matter,
Robert Howe Fletcher, has handled his
subject in a grapmc and man
ner. He is true to »**- text and at the
same time he has so embellished the "lo
cal color" as to rob it of its objectionable
features and make it interesting.
A. M. Robertson, Post street, San Fran
cisco, publisher. Price $3 50.
OUT OF MULBERRY STREET— By
Jacob A. Riis. A collection of stories and .
appropriately furnished lodgeroom, and
during the evening there will be the ini
tiation of a candidate, when all the se
cret work w r ill be given before the audi
ence and "the work," to use a fraternal
term, is one of the greatest travesties
that has ever been produced. There will
also be a. spirited discussion on the ques
tion, under the head of good of the order,
of permitting men to enter the lodge, and
after all present a protest, by a
unanimous vote four men, who prove
to be a quartet, are admitted. Four
of the ladies will be blacked up, and these
with others will give an olio of the latest
coon songs, ballads and specialties, and
after the show there will be a ball.
; Those who will take part are: Miss Annie
Worth, worthy high caramel; Miss Emma Ben
ning, aUßOCtate worthy high caramel; Mrs.
Fred W<>he. keeper "f the saccharine portal;
Mrs Eva Sh'-.-Mine. recording gum drop; Mrs.
I, JSV-übarth, sister acid drop; Miss E. Abrams.
sister maple sugar; Miss Effle Miles, sister taf
fy; Miss B. Barman, sister peppermint; Miss
Alice Carson, keeper of the key of the bon
bon box; Mrs. W. Cellarlus, rister marsh
mallow; Miss Alice Ticoulet, sister cocoanut;
Mrs P. B. Brown and Miss Alvlna Burkhardt,
the yumyum twins; Miss Amice Wehe, sister
pepsin gum; Miss Eva Bellsted, sister mo
lu.-.s<-*; Miss T>imple Arrington, the candidate:
Miss Alice Tanler, sister French mixed; Miss
Etta O'Brien, Madame pate de fois graa yon
Calve. William Cellarius will be the musical
director and the Knickerbocker Quartet will
be the one about which the argument for ad
mlsßion will be had.
THE NATIONAL UNION.
There will not be any assessment for
December, consequently the number of
assessments will be only nine during the
current year.
A. J. Sparrow, H. A. Graves and J. R.
McGufflck, representing California Coun
cil, and James E. Field, A. Sichel and
E. A. Kidd, representing Golden Gate
Council, compose the committee that will
manage the grand smoker to be given on
Tuesday next by the two councils in their
hall at "223 Sutter street.
After the cabinet cloned its session on
last Friday the delegates thereto were
invited to visit Union Council, and they
were tendered a grand reception and
made the guests of the evening at a
banquet.
The first number of the National Union,
the official organ of the order published
at Toledo, 0., has been issued. It Is neat
in appearance, well edited and full of in
teresting matter.
FORESTERS OF AMERICA.
Court Acme was visited last week by
Grand Treasurer Frank Conklin, who was
welcomed by a large proportion of tne
membership and a number of visitors. The
grand treasurer gave the court a sensible
talk on forestry and finance, and after
that there was a collation and a pro
gramme of entertaining numbers, pre
sented under the direction of Past Chief
Ranger Moran.
Last Wednesday night there were a
select number of the many friends of John
J. Cordy, grand secretary of the Fores
ters of America, and his wife, at their
residence on Jersey street, near Castro,
to congratulate them on the tenth anni
versary of their- wedding. The happy
couple were the recipients of many use
ful presents, all tin. There was an even
ing of song, music and story telling and
then followed a collation served by host
and hostess. The pair were congratu
lated and the hope expressed that all
present would be at the celebration of the
silver wedding, in 1913.
COMPANIONS. F. OF A.
Bay City Circle at its last held meeting
had a number of visitors, and during- the
evening three candidates were inducted
into the mysteries of the order. This cir
cle has arranged for a social to be given
sketches of tenement house life in Isew
York City. This story will prove more in
teresting to New Yorkers than to other
readers, but it is well worth a perusal on
the part of anybody who has any interest
in the lives of the lowly. Its significance
lies in the fact that Mulberry street has
been for many years the site of the Met
ropolitan police headquarters, the tales
here told being drawn from the daily
grist of the police hopper, "at which."
Bays Mr. Riis, "I have been grinding for
twenty years. No journalist nas worked
in the social hall of the Alcazar building
on the 14th of December. It will bo un
der the supervision of Miss Sarah Lu
bosch. The three beauties of the circle
will be In attendance.
The prize box social that was given by
Diana Circle in social hall. Alcazar build
ing, was well attended and proved to be
a very enjoyable affair, conducted under
the direction of Miss Frances Beuclor,
Miss Dell Peterson, Mrs. Minnie Degan,
Mrs. Tschantz and Mrs. Bertold. The
prize was a handsome pillow cushion,
which was awarded to the one who held
the lucky door ticket.
Ferrucio Circle, at its last held meeting,
was visited by Mrs. Duke, past grand
chief companion; John J. Cordy, gTand
secretary of the Foresters of America:
Jacob Label of the American Foresters'
Review, and twenty-five members of Ex
celsior Circle. In appreciation of the
visit the members of the circle got up an
impromptu programme under good of the
order, and as in the membership there
are many who are good singers and mu
sicians a pleasant evening was spent.
Those who contributed to the evening's
enjoyment were F. L. Perfetto. Mrs. K.
Puci'nni. Miss Kate Chassin. Kate Gar
della and Miss Mabel Banker. The visit
ors were also treated to a collation.
On the 16th lnst. Santa Lucia Circle was
instituted at Salinas with thirty-seven
charter mebers by Grand Financial Sec
retary Miss A. D. Bremer, assisted by
Mrs. A. Davis, grand trustee, and A. M.
Martin, grand outer guard. This circle
was organized by A. N. McDaniels of
Santa Lucia and Allen Mowry of Oak
land. Mrs. E. J. McDaniels is the chief
companion and Mrs. L. Carter the re
cording secretary. When the chief com
panion and Mrs. Barlow, the sub-chief,
took their respective stations each was
presented a handsome bouquet, the gift
of Court Santa Lucia. After the business
there was a fine banquet and all the of
ficers and members promised to advance
the cause of the Companions.
The grand officers who instituted the
circle subsequently paid a visit to Pa
jaro Valley Rose Circle at Watsonville
and found it composed of good, active
at this mill with steadier hand or more
observant and sympathetic eye: ana the
reader of his famous first book knows
what to expect in this one, and will not
be disappointed. Stories and sketches of
tenement life form the staple of the vol
ume, under such characteristic captions
as "Abe's Game of Jacks," "J°, " Gavin.
Misfit," "A War on the Goats, 'The Cat
Took the Kosher Meat." '^^er
Martha's Wake," "A Proposal on the Ele
vated" and "Spooning in Dynamite Al
ley." They run the whole gamut of Hu
man Impulse and emotion, from pity ana
love to jealousy, greed and murderous
hate, giving authentic glimpses into tne
homes and hearts -of the people of every
race that swarms on the east side of the
great city, speaking all tongues and ob
serving all manner of customs, but actu
ated by motives essentially the same in
Mott or Mulberry street as on Murray
Hill. His latest book will widen Mr.
Rlis' audience and strengthen his reputa
tion as a story teller and student of soci
ology. The Century Company, publisher,
New York. Price »1 25/ T __ ■• __
TALES OF THE ENCHANTED ISLES
OF THE ATLANTIC— By Thomas Went
worth Higginson. A collection of stories
of the fabulous islands that were sup
posed to exist by the people of medieval -
time; wild stories of adventurous -voyages
and tales of love and war. The Macmillan
Company, publishers,- New York. ■-■/.. •■•'•:'
MR. GLADSTONE— A monograph, by
Sir Edward W. Hamilton. A valuable
addition to the best literature devoted to
the great English statesman. Charles
Scrlbner & Sons, publishers, New York.
Price $1 25.
THE ROMANCE OF AMERICAN COL
ONIZATION—By William Elliot Grlffls.
A most valuable work, showing the
growth of America. In developing his
theme Dr. Griffls first tells what are colo
nies and colonists. He shows the back
ground of European origins, revealing the
propelling forces of emigration, tells the
story of new life in the New World, and
then, while picturing the play and strug
gle of the two great ideas at the root or
the Latin and Anglo-Saxon civilizations,
he shows how the colonists were gradual
ly united. They outgrew the colonial
spirit, until in .the Revolutionary War
they won freedom and new organic life.
members. The visitors were pleasantly
entertained.
Hamlet Circle of Alamoda will Rive a
grab bag social in Foresters 1 Hall in that
place oji the 29th inst.
INDEPENDENT FORESTERS.
High Chief Ranger McElfresh is still
in this city, and during his stay he has
visited Courts. Sunset, Diana, Seal Roc.i.
San Francisco and Terba Buena, and ex
plained the changes in the laws to the
membership of each. For the same pur
pose ha»also visited Court Ramona at
Oakland! Last week he visited the court
at Hollister and the one at Gilroy, and on
Friday he addressed a large public meet
ing in Salinas under the auspices of
"FpOM JEN DRAWI^QS IN CJ-iIN/\JOWN/' BY EJ^EST G. PEIXOTTO.
Court Buena Esperanza. To-morrow night
he will attend ;; meeting of the district
deputies in the Phelan building, and will
then make appointments for the current
year. 1 Miring his absence from his home
in Los Angeles the high chief ranger has
received and answered twenty letters
dally on matters connected with the order.
Court Yerba Buena at its meeting !.tst
Tuesday night recommended Walter I.
Avi.ry for the offipe ox" district deputy, and
the high chief ranger, who was present,
said he would commission him. By a ris
ing vote the court decided to continue
thr payment of the war tax until the end
of the war to keep in good standing its
three members who are with the volun
teers at Manila.
FRIENDS OF THE FOREST.
Lincoln Lodge has decided to celebrate
its second anniversary by a banquet to be
given on the night of December 12, and
the committee, consisting of the officers
Of the lodge, is making the preparations
for the event. At the meeting last Tues
day night three candidates were initiated.
Mizpah Lodge has arranged for an
apron and necktie party for the Sth of
December in old Masonic Hall at the
Mission.
LADIES OF THE MACCABEES.
The second "at home" of the members
of the order at the headquarters, 919 Hyde
street, given last Tuesday night, was as
pleasant as the preceding one. The func
tion was under the direction of Ladles
George Leroi, Mary E. Salamond and jtf.
Wastier. Those "at homes" will be held
every Tuesday.
The ladies of Mission Hive have per
fected all their arrangements for the so
cial and dance to be given in Excelsior
Hall December 12.
ST. GEORGE CARNIVAL.
The ball which is to be given on the
30th inst. in Union Square Hall by Brit
annia Lodge of the Daughters of St.
George, ana which has been designated
"an autumn carnival," Is not to be mas
querade and there will not be a contest J
He has omitted military details, for the
most part, as these are to be pictured in
the coming volume of "Trie Romance of
Conquest." He has been all the more
careful, therefore, to show us the social
lire in the various colonies and to reveal
Hie. romance which makes American colo
2Li n i stOr y so fascinating. As the women
helped mightily to make our country, he
''," d . or justice to them, not forgetting.
fr,^ oi °* sh 2 how llfe in the New World
looKed to boys and girls who grew up in
it. io tell of .the making of thirteen dls
iaXf- colonies is necessarily a complex
tnlUvl i the unlty of the idea pervading
ll n a % t\? c and the steady movement to
wara the goal make the book appear as
c*if«* nai d that is. a romance, a story
}Ji * hls torical accuracy has been
studied, and yet the author has not failed
to notice that men are moved as much oy
ideals as by actualities. Over his story of
things which really happened is a glow of
appreciation of men and women who
sweetened and lightened their toil, in ho-e
Pu a tx t\^l c whip h should be better for
■ their children than for themselves, --xs
all' history which has been made enjoyable
to the reader must be strong in biography,
so the author has not crowded his pages
with tedious references to many names,
dates or circumstances, but has presented
clearly the personality of the leaders in
each colony, and has laid emphasis on
the decisive events which were turning
points of destiny. W. A. Wilde & Co.,
publishers. Boston. For sale by Pavot
Upham & Co. Price $1 50. ' > J '
HEROES OF OUR WAR WITH
SPAIN— By Clinton Ross. An up-to-date
book for young readers. Interesting and
instructive. Frederick A. Stokes Com
pany, publishers, New York. For sale by
■ William Doxey. Price $1. U
STORIES OF THE AMERICAN REVO
LUTION— Everett T. Tomlinson.
Cloth. Illustrated. These interesting
stories of our forefathers are not the
hackneyed ones which have been used in
the popular histories for generations, but
they are the result of Dr. Tomlinson's re
search among the archives of revolu
tionary times. Like those in the preced
ing volume, the basis of each story is
historically correct, and told in the au
thor's attractive style they are doubly
interesting to the young reader. Dr. Tom-
for expensive or showy costumes. The i
committee's idea Is tha.t those who shall
attend should wear what their ideas in
cline them to adopt, ludicrous or other- i
wise, the principal idea being all colored
chrysanthemums or representations of
the season of autumn. Before the ball :
there will be a musical and literary pro
gramme by excellent talent. A number
of favorites will take part.
ANCIENT ORDER OF FORESTERS. ,
Last week High Chief Ranger Boehm
paid a visit to Court Victoire. There was ;
a good attendance and after the work
of the evening there was a musical pro- j
gramme.
The high chief ranger, the supreme high |
chief ranger, the permanent secretary
and the board of deputies paid an of
ficial visit to Court California.
COMPANIONS OF THE FOREST.
Ivanhoe Circle celebrated its sixth an
niversary on the 17th inst. by a ball in
Union Square Hall. There was good mu
sic, a well arranged programme of dances
and all who attended had a pleasant
time.
Eureka Circle at its last held ■meeting
initiated four candidates and the work
was followed by a collation and a jolly
good time.
Supreme Grand Chief Companion Mrs.
Sarah Beversen paid a visit to Alba Cir
cle in Vallejo last week and she wit
nessed a very interesting meeting.
THE NATIVE SONS.
The joint committees of the San Jose
parlors have set the 10th of December as
the day on which they will receive the
members of California Camp of the De
gree of Argonauts, who will confer the
degrees on sixty candidates.
Mission Parlor gave an invitation mas
querade at Mission Parlor Hall last
Wednesday, which was well attended and
was a very enjoyable affair.
Grand Trustee Martin and Grand Secre
tary L'unstedt had to travel over forty
miles of snow last Monday to visit a par
lor in Weaverville. Trinity County.
Grand Trustee A. Kamish was in this
city last week. He stated that he would
soon start in on his tour of official visits
in the southern country. Grand lrustee
1) C Morgan will soon commence his
visitations in Sonoma. Humboldt, Del
Norte and Mendocino counties.
Hydraulic Parlor of Nevada City enter
tained the Native Daughters of that city
last week with a bnl) and banquet and it
proved a very successful affair.
ORDER OF CHOSEN FRIENDS.
Angel Council of Angels initiated four
candidates on the 16th inst. and received
eight applications. Social Council at the
linson says: "There is no deep love of
country without a thorough apreciation of
what it has cost to found and develop
the land we love.' and this volume is an
endeavor to show something of the price
our forefathers paid that we might have
a country- Lee & Shepard, publishers,
Boston. Price $1.
• CYRANO DE BERGERAC— By Ed
mond Rostand. A literary translation, by
Miss Gertrude Hall, of this great pla^'^
which has created an extraordinary ini-JJ
pression, having been the greatest success
of the last fifty years and being known to
every intelligent person in France. It is
being performed in this country by a num
ber of theatrical companies. Doubleday
& McClure Company, publishers. New
AMERICA— By Hezekiah But
terworth. A popular history of the strug
gle for liberty in the Andean republics
and Cuba. It is fitting that all progress
ive people should read this book. for
South America is one of the lands of the
future. The immigration to that country
is now rivaling that to North America.
Doubleday & McClure Company, publish
ers New "York. Price $2.
THE BOYS OF '98— A calendar for 1899.
Embellished by six wash drawings of
military subjects by Gordon Ross. A M.
Robertson, publisher, San Francisco.
Price $1. t
The last novel by the late Dr. Georg Eber«
was entitled "Araehne." and was recently
published by IV Appleton & Co. the pub
lishers of the complete edition of Dr. Boers
works.
Of books on Cuba it is believed that the au
tumn lists of publishers will be more or less
prolific but no work on that country is likely
to be more exact in Its information and enter
taining In Its presentment than- Mr. Robert
T mil's, which the Century Company will
publish The author is a member of the I nlted
State* Geological Purvey, and was formerly
of the University of Texas and of Cornell Uni
versity. He made many trips to the A\ est In
dies in the service of Professor Alexander
Agassiz.
"Anglo-Saxons Onward," by Benjamin Rush
Davenport, Is a romance of the future, on the ■»
lines of "Looking Backward." It foreshad- l
ows the author's idea of what would result ol
an alliance. The book is readable. Hubbell
Publishing Company. Cleveland. Ohio. Price,
paper, 60 cents.
last held meeting received four applica
tions. Riverside Council of Reno received
two applications last week.
Social Council will give an entertain
ment and dance in Shasta Hall, Native
Sons' building, on the night of the »oth
inst.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
The grand officers, also many past dic
tators (including H. D. Smith Of Yerba,
Buena. J. H. Riley of Union and H. A.
Callender of Eureka), visited Fidelity
Lodge last week, and after the business
were entertained with addresses songs
I and instrumental music. This lodge will
shortly receive another visit.
Yerba Buena Lodge at its last held
meeting had a full attendance. Two ap
plications were received, one stranger was
admitted to membership and three will Da
admitted to-morrow night. • . . .
Liberty Lodge was visited last, Monday
by C F. Curry, Secretary of State elect,
who made an address and declared tnat
while in- office he would do ' all in his
power to further the Interests of tna
Knights of Honor and all fraternal so
° Union Lodge is arranging for a smoker
and increase meeting next month. There
will be an excellent programme. The
lodge was visited last Tuesday by the
Past Dictators' Association, and a pleas
ant evening was spent.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE. ■
Columbia Council will give one of its pa
riodical dinners on next Tuesday night.
Cathedral Council gave a fine entertain
ment in Shasta Hall, Native Sons' build
ing, on Wednesday : night. On Thursday
night Strassmeyer Council gave a pleas
ing I entertainment ' in Union-square • Hall.
Mission Council gave ,'a" pleasant social
evening in " Pioneer " Hall on Wednesday
night. : .... .
The lecture committee of each of the
local councils will meet the members of
the lecture bureau at headquarters • next
Wednesday night to consult about dates
and subjects for the winter course of lec
tures. *■■ " '
Ignatian.Councilat its meeting on last
Monday night listened to an interesting:
address delivered by. Theo Savage. ■'■&&
 ORDER OF PENDO. J'J
Golden Gate Council No. 11 of the Order
of Per.do is preparing for an entertain
ment complimentary to Miss Eaton, the
organist of the council. It will be given on
the 13th of ; December. *
■ ♦ ■ ■
Russia, with her population of 129,000,
000, has only 743 newspapers— but little
more than half the number published in
. the s State lof . Pennsylvania, *, which baa
1430.GILLETTE'S CLEVER WORK
In "Secret Service."
JOKES come true sometimes. One I
day shortly after the Columbia'
Theater management had secured
control of the Baldwin and Califor
nia Melville Marx said. "Now
we've pot theaters to burn." In a few
yreeka the Columbia was richly dam
aged by flre and water; in a few weeks
more the California was singed and al
most the scene of a frightful panic;
and now the Baldwin is burnt to the
last entrail. Three fires in a year for!
one management in one town is a seri
ous haxd-luck Btory. To be burned by i
the clitics is bad enough, but the real
•thing is awful. It is discouraging.
"While/ The Fire Department poets of,
the p'rVss are applauding the burning
of the Baldwin as a vital protection of j
inflajiimable humanity, Messrs. Gottlob
and Marx are wondering when their
turn will be over. They are frankly
tired of fires and think that they have
suffered more than their share for the
good and excitement of the town.
And William Cillette, what must he
think? "Secret Service" goes all over
the English 'speaking world and is re
ceived with noble acclaim, only to come
to San Francisco and be ignominiously
■ 1 out. There have been shows at
the BaMiwn that -would have justified
any fire, but "Secret Service" is not one
if them. It is a wonderful play, the
best 'ever written in this country, and
it Is played by a remarkably poised act
or and a strong, -well-ordered company.
•n may not have approved of the
the Baldwin that would have justified
3,) r from God-like in its social policy,
but surely heaven could have had no
vengeance to wreak on "Secret Serv
ice," as modest a masterpiece as ever
•was played. Mr. Gillette has reason to
he disappointed in Western hospitality,
and Mr. GottJob and Mr. Marx are just
ly weary of the persistent warmth of
their fate. But none of these gentle
men Is spending his hours in idle moan
ing. Ever since the morning of the
Baldwin tire the California has been
the Bcene of lightning preparation. Mr.
Gillette, of course, wired to New York
immediately for duplicate scenery and
mes, but against their late coming
the local scene maker and costumer
were put to rush work. By all
I'resent tokens "Secret Service" will be
as good as ever when it is presented j
I alifornia to-morrow' night, j
.iy. it. is not a play whose sue- \
>n the scenery and. the
s. It employs a great deal of the
alia of the common or garden
variety of war pay, but this is purely
incidental. The thrill of "Secret Ser
more due to scenery than it
■ is due to an actress who has made an
nit of crying. It succeeds because Its
excitement is human, mental. It Is
quite different from Mr. Belasco's wob
bling "Heart of Maryland." In that
difference is the principal reason why
it is a great play. The comic relief
which, though clever on Its own lin*?,
..volitional and inclined now and
then: to interrupt the suspense and the j
on, is perhaps the only vulnerable!
}>uri of rhe work. Certainly the rest is
rly.ytewed by any standard that 1
may be set for a play of adventure and j
And if Mr. Gillette has used j
>n of the old mode of melo- j
drama and in spite of the handicap
i In writing a masterpiece, so
ihe more honor to his crafts
hip. We used to look to Augustu
as for the great American pla>
but of late he seems to have staggerec
!;• the roadside. He has spoiled th
memory of "In Mizzoura" by reckless!
v ,rking over the gem situations of tha
jlay into several later ones. He ha^.
} "t-boiled and not even been popula
at it. Gillette is an artist who, as yet,
has never gone back. "Too Muc
Johnson" is the cleverest of the Ameri
canized farces and "Secret Service"
the finest of the American plays — i
and these are his latest works. We
used to look to Thomas to be the
ancestor of the native drama, but
Gillette is the man now. It is to be
looped that his next play will be an
original one and not, as per rumor, an
adaptation. No on». in this country is
to be mentioned with him as an adapt
or,: but, even so, his art is too precious
to be used up in polishing off another
man's invention. If it is, as with Syd
r.cy Grundy in England, a question of
money, some philanthropic patriot
ought to buy up William Gillette and
nave him for the glory of his country.
The old days of patrons were not such
bad days after all. Many a man of to
day TVould be fattening posterity with
rpieces if he worked for one mas
ter instead of a million. Another thing
t-> be hoped is that Charles Frohman,
'.').■■■:■•■:'■: AMTJSEJiENTS.
COMEDY THEATER.
. ..' ■ (Formerly the Popular Bush).
ALL THIS WEEK!
CONTINUATION OF THE UNDOUBTED
• -h: ■;.;•. y TRIUMPH
Of TMmond Rostand's Great Play, the Reign-
' .'lng Theatrical Sensation of New York,
--•". ' ■ . Paris and London,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC
■'■.'■•■ ; Presented by
THE HENDERSON COMPANY *
( Under David Henderson's Personal Direction).
Mr;. -EDWARD M. HELL Cyrano
MISS ADELAIDE FITZALLEN Roxane
A COMPANY OF EIGHTY PEOPLE.
•. ■•=" .■•A- Most ) Houses
Elaborate At
Artistic • .- All Times
Production. I Crowded.
Bta|?ed ■ r - ! By Mr. Maurice Hagerman
Mus-lc— By Mr. stave Leuders
Beets on. Sale at Box r ■ and at Emporium, j
MATINEES ONL/ WED. AND SAT.
'■•■.■ . ..PRICES:
E- ings ..• ;..... 25c to $1
y ■ jnees ..■....: 25c to 75c
.. DECEMBER 5, "OLE OLE3ON."
MECHANICS; PAVILION
CHARITY BAZAAR
AND
CALIFORNIA GRAND MUSICAL CONTEST
(NOAH BRANDT ORCHESTRA.)
•\ OPENING DAY,
THURSDAY, December Ist. I
This day has been set aside for a Grand
TESTIMONIAL BENEFIT
For the
BRAVE FIREMEN OF SAN FRANCISCO.
••■ . .-. . • . , ■.. : .::.t
By Ashton Stevens.
under whose direction "Secret Service"
came here, will not regard the Baldwin
fire as another testimonial of our dis
esteena for him. We are friends with
Mr. Frohman now, and we will patient
ly suffer 14ie pride of a hundred low
down theatrical trusts as long as they
send us such shows as "Secret Service."
• * *
The fire means one less of the cheap
theaters, as the regular Baldwin at
tractions will play at the Columbia and
those intended for the Columbia at the
California. It is vaguely rumored that
Richard Mansfield may open the new
year at the Columbia with "Cyrano de
Bergerac." In the meantime we are
having- plenty of cheap "Cyrano," but
very little sensation about it. The Hen
derson production offers no cue for a
serious consideration of the play, and
the critics have about used up their
jokes on the subject. Undisoouraged,
the Tivoli has worked away on its pro
duction, which will be divulged to-mor
row night with Edwin Stevens as the
Cyrano Savlnien Hercule de Bergeriic
and Elvia Crox as the Roxane. Mr.
Stevens and Miss Crox and Stage Man
ager Lask and the rest of the company
are said to be in deadly earnest about
the performance. If there is any bur
lesque it will not be of the conscious
kind.
• * *
The ways of the press agent are art
ful and many and not always nice, but
this paragraph, which is sent for pub
lication by the Saver management, j
takes the cake for chivalry and nerve:
It is said that a Hungarian Countess
follows Saver from town to town since
the last eight years. Mr. Saver re
cently made a remark as follows:
■A AMTJBEMENTS.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
ONE WEEK ONLY!
BEGINNING MONDAY, November 28tb,
MR. CHARLES FROHMAN
Announces the Presentation of a Masterpiece
By WILLIAM GILLETTE, Entitled
Service
WITH
MR. GILLETTE
And His Splendid Company,
WITH A COMPLETE. NEW EQUIPMENT OF
SCENERY/COSTUMES AND AC-
CESSORIES. .
Provided by San Francisco Artisans.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mr». Ernestine Kreling, Proprietor and M«r. j
THIS EVENING— LAST TIME,
Oscar Well's Comedy Opera In Three Acts,
Suzette
• MIRTH AND MUSIC.
TO-MORROW EVENING — Rostand 1 Romantic
• - - - * Comedy,
CYRANO DE BERGERAC.
WITH APPROPRIATE MUSIC. r
SEATS - NOW ON SALE.
Popular Price 5............... ..-.-. 23c and 50c
A Reserved Seat for the Matinee........ 25c
Our Telephone, Bush 9. "
•■■•' '-
TIIK SAN FBANCISCO CALL. SUJN D AY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
I "Two years ago I arrived in Vienna
a few hours before my concert and
wafi very much astonished to find at
the Hotel Bristol hundreds of letters
not only from musicians and the press
but from wealthy people, asking for
tickets for my concert. The key to
that riddle was quickly found out. A
rather eccsntrie Countess (one of the
greatest professional beauties) had
bought the whole house, and when I
: appeared on the stage I found her sit
ting alone in a big arm-chair in the
I immense hall. Never mind, I played—
perhaps better that evening than a few
days later, when I had to repeat the
programme before a crowded audi-
U»ence."
W ASHTON STEVENS.
Jhe-Golumbia.
On Monday nierht Gottlob, Marx & Co.
will present at the Columbia Theater
"Gayest Manhattan," an original Koster
& Bial production, successfully presented
at that well known music hall 267 times,
j "Gayest Manhattan" is said to be an ex
! travaganza "pure and simple," built to
| amuse a fun-loving people, and conse
quently written without a plot. The latest
j music, the choicest of dancers, the sweet
! est of singers and the best of comedians
1 and vaudeville artists are promised in the
I cast.
In the opening act, which is laid in Cen
! tral Park, the famous Mall is presented.
In the second the characters are found
in the ballroom of the Waldorf; from
there they go to Koster & Biai'S to prop
erly wind ii|i the day's sport. John F.
Harley, under whose supervision the ex
travaganza Is produced, has secured a
company of fifty people, each one of
whom is an artist of pronounced ability.
Prominent in the array are Jean Mell
moyle, Jennie Lind Lewis, Octavie
Barbs, Jessica Duncan. Alta de Kerwen,
j Thomas Kiernan, George H. Carr, Frank
Gardiner, James A. Kiernnn and Angelus
Stuart.
jKe California.
A large audience will be In attendance at
AMUSEMENTS.
|^->^v| I T f\/\ £\ | TO-NIGHT (Sunday)— Last Time
theater. ~~ ' "At (Jay Coney Island."
GOTTLOB. MARX & CO., Lessees and Mgrs. At UU J WVUWJ WI " UU '
BEG. MONDAV-ENGAGEAIENT EXTRAORDINARY I
KOSTER AND BIAL'S
Huge Farcical Extravaganza In Three Acts. N»-
MANAGEMENT OF JOHN F. HARLET. :
Direct From Koster & Mai's Music Hall, New York. •"•;.=^'?: 1
Music by W. H. BATCHELOR. Scenery by FRED DANG ERFIELD.
SO-ARTISTS All-Star Oast! ARTISTS— SO
Miss Jean Mcllmoyle, Miss Minnie Packard, Frank Gardiner,
George H. «:.rr. .-Miss Carrie Cameron, Thomas Klernan,
Miss Octavlo Barbe, Miss Emily Jordan, An^elus Stuart, ■
Miss Jessica Duncan, Miss Jenny Lynd Lewis, Horace Thrum, •■■;>.'--:
* Miss Alta ie Kenvcn. James A. Kiernan, John Roland, Fred Anderton.
THE MONARCH QUARTET AND A CHORUS OF
40- BEWITCHINGLY BEWILDERING PRETTY GIRLB-4O
Music Under Direction of Com poser, Mr. W. H. Batchelor.
BRAND NEW MUSIC! SONGS! DANCES: MARCHES'. COSTUMES! EFFECTS! SCEN-
' ERY'. SPECIALTIES'.
NEXT ATTRACTION r ......;"A F»/%RI~OR MATCH,"
i — —
OLYMPIA,Cor Ed M^on.
America's Most Beautiful Music Hall.
ALL EASTERN STARS AND NOVELTIES.
The Great FREDA,
The Twirling Turkish Dancer,
OMNE,
Only Japanese Lady Juggler In the World.
KELLY AND VIOLETTE,
New Coon Songs.
MULVEY AND INMAN,
The New York Stars.
AND TEN ORE> T ACTS.
MATINEE SUNDAY. ADMISSION FREE.
the California to-morrow night to witness
the reopening of '•Secret Service." The
I play had two nights at the Baldwin
j before being burned out, and scored a
! tremendous success. Mr. Frohman has
surrounded Mr. Gillette by a brilliant com
pany, which numbers among its members
Sara Perry, -Hope Ross, Walter Thomas,
Ida Waterman, Joseph Brennan, Campbell
Gollan and H. D. Ames. The company is
excellent throughout, and personal hits
are made by the players named. Mr.
Gillette's impersonation of the hero spy
is the best of his life.
f^aW Gomedy.
"Cyrano de Bergerac," played by Ed
ward Bell and the. Henderson company,
is still the bill at the Comedy, where it
continues another week. The piece to fol
low is "Ole Olson," a Swedish force com
edy. • 0? ■'•;'•
The y\icazar. N
The new piece for the new week at the
Alcazar is "The Politician," a comedy by
David Lloyd and Sydney Rosenfleld, that
I was played here at the California with
! success by Roland Reed several "years
ago. "The politician" is a typical
"worker" of the backwoods, who forces
an expensive nomination on a rich old
party. The play abounds in fun and
satire and should find a good cast among
the Alcazar company.
jviorosco's.
The new week at Morosco's will be cele
brated by the production of a new patriot
ic melodrama called "The Commodore."
The scenes are in Cuba and the time of
action takes in the recent war with the
Spaniards. Everybody concerned In the
war, from the American gunners to tho
women of the Red Cross, will find repre
I Bentation. Among the exciting scenes are
I a big battle with the Spanish fleet and
' the interior of the torpedo station at
Matanzas. Lorena Atwood will be the
beautiful Cuban heroine, James M. Bro
phy the commodore hero and Landers
Stevens the Spanish villain.
Jhe Tivoli.
, This is the last night of "Suzette" at
the Tivoli. "Cyrano de Bergerac," with
special scenery and incidental music, goes
on to-morrow night.
Jhe Orpheum.
The Orpheum's new bill includes Harry
Atkinson, imitator of musical instru
ments; Emma Carus, a famous female
barytone, in new songs, and Joe.Flynn.
of "Down Went McGinty" fame. Harry
Grand Performance In New Monster Free
Vaudeville Amphitheater,
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27. AT 1:80 P. M.
Lllli.in Smith, Champion Rifle Shot of the
World; Balloon Ascension and Parachute
Jump; Triple Horizontal Bars; Breakaway
Ladder Act* Knockabout Clowns; the Leons;
Cornet Sol™ Grand Concert; Black Alaska
Bears; Performing Lions.
Admission, 10c; no further charge. Children
under 6 years, free.
Glen Park Cafe— Refreshments and lunch at
popular prices.
Take San Mateo electric care; Valencia, M!s-
i slon and Sutter-etreet care transfer.
j Lacy and company will put on for the
i first time Mr. Lacy's latest comedy, "One
lof the Old Guard, " which Is expected to
I equal "Bob Rackett's Pajamas." Other
: attractions' are the Wilson family, who
have scored a hit, Lillle Western, the
musical artiste, Herbert's dogs and Maude
Courtney in old time songs.
The. Oiympia
The Olympla has a card In Freada, the
twirling dancer, and another in Omne,
the Japanese juggler.
The Chutes.
Laura Ashby, a pretty English equili
brist, will make her first appearance on
i the coast at the Chute* Theater next
! week. A decided novelty will be E. J.
Brown, a colored gentleman, who 'gives
Chinese Impersonations.
Thursday's Svjmphorwj.
The second of the present series of sym
phony concerts comes off Thursday after
noon in the Orpheum. TlTe symphony is
Schumann's first — the one In B flat—
which Scheel has played here before with
splendid effect. The overture is Tschai
kowsky's "Romeo and Juliet," a work
that made a decided impression last sea
son. The "Einzug der Goetter in Wal
hall," from "Rheingold," fs the Wagner
ian excerpt, and the novelty Is Kell's
waltzes for string band.
THE OUJER~WOFLD.
Hillary Bell has this to say In the New
York press, apropos of a cheap Cyrano
production: "Why 'Cyrano de Bergerac,'
whose chief charm Is Its simplicity of ro
mance, should be considered a fitting at-
traction in the Bowery, whose tastes are
feverish and unhealthy, is a managerial
mystery beyond telling. Rostand's drama
was nevc-r Intended for and never can be
properly applied to the entertainment of
an audience which is not susceptible to
the noetry of life; and' the story must be
treated with care by the actors and
thoughtful consideration by the specta
tors in order to arrive at success.
The contention of this journal, put forth
when the play was first produced, was,
and still is. that "Cyrano," like Audrey,
is not made for every market. In the
Uo'.vcrj it is treated with derision, and
Augustin Daly's production raised such a
Btona In the newspapers that .hat rr>n
ager will hardly venture the Rostand play
during his coming season at the home the
ater. As in his dramatic history the long
nosed man lias an effective way of re
venging himself upon those who take llb
crtlfs with him. There was no particular
harm in Mr. Daly's treatment of the
French work, for that same system has
enabled us to continue in enjoyment r >t
the English comedies. But, apparently
Cyrann casts some occult and malign in
fluence over tamperers with his dignity,
and the fortune which has attended him in
AMUSEMENTS.
MATINEE TO-DAY (SUNDAY), NOV. 27.
Parquet, any seat. 25 cents; balcony, 10 cents;
children, 10 cents, any part.
WEEK COMMENCING MONDAY, NOV. 28.
HARRY ATKINSON, Imitator Musical In-
struments; JOE FLYNN, Comedian and Mono-
logulst: EMMA i a HI'S, World-Famous Bary-
tone; LILLIK WESTERN. Premiere Musical
Artiste: WILSON FAMILY. Great Coon Com-
edy Hit; MAUDE COURTNHT, In Old-Time
Bon*s; HARRY LACY AND COMPANY, in
New Act. "One of the Old Guard"; HER-
BERTS WONDERFUL DOGS. Last Week of.
INGLESIDE COURSINS PARK.
---TO-DAY, SUNDAY,---
PSOVEMBER 26 AND 2T-
NON-WINNERS' STAKE
AND
SAPLING STAKE!
Take a Mission-street car and It will land
you at the gates.
ADMISSION. 25c. LADIES FREE.
SUTRO BATHS.
SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 2", at 2:30 p. m.
SWIMMING RACES
FOR VALUABLE PRIZES
AND MUSIC BY THE GAULOISE BAND.
ADMISSION, 10c. CHILDREN. 5c
Open Daiiy from 7 A. M. to 8 P. M.
Bathing from 7 A. M. to S P. M.
Paris and London with Coquelin follows
Mansfield in New York, but is opposed to
other actors who have not observed simi
lar respect for his speech or personality
On his return home Mr. Daly will revive
Shakespeare instead of Rostand, and give
us the big-nosed man of Venice instead of
the bis-nosed man of Paris. There is no
sign of longevity in the Bowery produc
tion, and probably the enterprising Mr.
Brady may hesitate before sending out his
projected companies. From the furor
aroused by its production in England and
France, it was believed that "Cyrano
possessed the cosmopolitan qualities of
Trilby," but the play had no sooner been
done in rhe best possible style at the Gar
den than it became apparent that Rostand
was caviare to the general. "Cyrano de
Hergerac" belongs to Richard Mansfield in
this country as much as if he held the
rights to it. and though he cannot protect
the play in law. it is self-defensive be
cause unintelligible to other audiences
than those that form his following."
The following estimate of Henry Arthur
Jones and his comedy. "The Liars,"
which John Drew is playing in New York,
is written by the critic of the Commer
cial Advertiser:
That "The Liars" will run successfully
for some time there is little doubt. The
causes are visible to the naked eye and
they will not make a pessimist of any one
who was not one before.
Henry Arthur Jones is unsympa
thetic people call a Philistine. As Vol
taire might have said, a Philistine is one
of the most useful animals in this best
of all possible worlds. He often has a
good heart, tears moisten his eyes at the
sight of virtue, and he works with regu
larity, reacting exactly at the pull of
given strings. On these strings Mr.
Henry Arthur Jones keeps his hands, not
because he is a cynic, and knows that in
such manner shall he achieve success,
but because he is that kind of a useful
animal himself.
He never gets over the heads of any of
us. Certain statements have been proved
humorous by the experience of centuries.
From those' Mr. Jones selects his jokes.
Certain situations succeed upon the stage
every year of the century. Those Mr.
Jones knows and handles with faithful
precision. Other men among the contem
poraries of this gifted author pack one
meaning inside another, so that there is
the obvious surface for some of us and
the inner Intricacies or delicacies for oth
ers. Anybody may laugh at Gilbert, Pi
nero or Shaw, and yet see but a little of
what is there. One who sees anything in
Mr. Jones sees all there is. He writes for
good, honest, commonplace men and
women, and he never fools them to the
top of their bent. In his hands they are
safe as an infant in the care of a fond
parent. As Meredith and Hardy are elus
ive and unfair to the portly merchant,
yet often dramatic and of general appeal,
so are Gilbert and Barrie, but even as
Hall Came gives to the multitude una
dulterated intellectual food which they
like and fatten upon, so Jones, somewhat
higher in the same class, perennially pro
duces the supply which is in most de
mand. , ,__;
As the serious parts of Mr. Jones bring
this pleasant trait more to the front, there
is room for thanks that "The Liars" 1?
comedy. Pedestrian as his humor is, it is
Aght compared to his solemnity. Last
night when Sir Christopher Deering and
Edward Falkner, charming gentleman
and knightly hero respectively, had quar
reled and were about to part, each turns 1
at the appointed time, just before one j
has reached the rear door:
"Kit!" cries one.
"Ned!" the other cries.
That is Jones when he is touching.
When he is humorous he be.cngs to a
mixed speeches. His "Liars " is a kind of
mongrel, half-artificial and half-natural,
not sparkling enough to be a polished
artifice or intelligent enough for a com
edy of nature. Fundamentally, Henry
Arthur Jones Is not altogether easy to
hoist into the hierarchy of the great.
The pupils in a certain New Hampshire
village school are taught a cheerful com
bination of music, morals and mathe
matics. They sing the following verses
to the tune of "Yankee Doodle":
"The surest way on earth to make
A jrreat and glorious nation.
Is for each boy and girl to get
A thorough education.
Five times five are twenty-five.
Five times six are thirty.
Five times seven are thirty-five,
And five times_eight are "forty."
Last Thursday evening, in New York
Joseph Haworth for the first time as
sumed the role of John Storm In "The
Christian." in place of Edward J. Mor
gan, who withdrew to take his place in
the New York Lyceum Company. Re
ports of the performance state that Mr.
Morgan was so eminently satisfactory
AMUSEMENTS.
ALCAZAR THEATER.
TO-NIGHT^ mm l tt m o aker.
TO-MORROW NIGHT
ROLAND REED'S
Satirical Comedy,
THE ■ ■ ■
M s H ■Hi .
POLITICIAN
OR
"THE WOMAN'S PLANK."
PRICES, l.'c, 25c. 33c and 50c.
* ONLY MATINEE SATURDAY.
CHUTES AND ZOO!
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
was DAR WIN right?
' 58,634 PEOPLE have SEEN
"CONGO," the Gorilla Man; 7
"JOE -STORMS JR..' " Orang-Outang, '
And "SALLY," Chimpanzee,
AND THINK THAT HE WAS.
GREAT BILL in the FREE THEATER.
KANGAROOS and DINGOES 'from Australia:
"GREELEY." the: MAN-EATING POLAR
BEAR; "BEAUTY." Handsomest . Horse on
Earth, and ATTRACTIONS WITHOUT END.
-AMATEUR NIGHT. Every THURSDAY.
10c, including Zoo. and Theater; Children, sc;
Sundays and . Holidays : 10c.
ROSENTHAL.
• h " METROPOLITAN TEMPLE, '
EVENING DEC. 2S & ' AFTERNOON DEC. 31.
! as an actor in "The Christian" and pre
• sented so striking an appearance in the
rote, Mr. Haworth had a doubly difficult
task before him in assuming the place
of his able and popular prejSeoessor.
Nevertheless, he mad'- a succesa of the
undertaking, and in the same scenes in
which Mr. Morgan made his strongest
points he won emphatic approval and re
calls—and not through a mere reproduc- .
tion of Mr. Morgan's mariner or methods
but by a forceful and manly performance
after his own conception of the part. He
was not so fine looking a Storm as was
Mr. Morgan, but he acted the role with
intelligent discretion, admirable voice and
gesture, and at times invested the char
actor with a new pathos that was most
effective.
TVe are making an uncommon fuss over
Edmond Rostand at present. What is
there in "Cyrano de Bergerac" that will
compare in theatric art. to say nothing
of diction, with "The Merchant of Ven
ice?" Shakespeare found a long-nosed
man in Italy, Rostand one in France.
That is all the similitude. Otherwise
Hyperion to a Satyr. A year from now
"Cyrano" will b" forgotten in the limba
that holds "Trilby." "Pinafore" and
"Charley's Aunt." Shylock will still have
his pound of flesh centuries after all
modern authors are gone into dust. So
writes Hillary Bell.
The New York Evening Sun thus re
sponds to "A Constant Reader": No.
There is no truth in the rumor that Mr.
Daly intends to rename the Shakespear
ian play which he will produce at h»s
theater on Saturday. "The Girl From
Venice." Such a rumor could only have
been started by some one with a preju.
dice against Mr. Daly— possibly M. Ros
tand. If any change in the title of "The
Merchant of Venice" should be found
necepparv by Mr. Daly it will be shortened
to "Portia.'' That is all. • ,
Stage versions of "Pickwick"— there
have been many first and last— have never
been very successful in America. A
dramatization of "Pickwick" is to be one
of the winter's novelties In Paris.
It is alleged that there 13 a new law- in
Paris making it compulsory for every
theater to provide an attending physician
and surgeon. ■ •
Sarah Bernhardt has Just celebrated
very Quietly— her fifty-fourth birthday. ;
Went Out Between /\cts Herself,
It did not take place in the city of:
Washington, because no man in Wash
ington leaves a lady alone while he goes
out between the acts at a theater — un
less it be his wife, and, of course, that
doesn't count. . '.
But it did occur, and the site of Its
occurrence is not west of the Allegha—
nies, where, according to some Eastern .
thinkers, all the peculiar occurrences ...
occur.
The man In the case was perhaps SO,
the girl 22, and the theater was one in
which the melodrama has its home.
The girl was pretty and there was that
kind of a jaw hedging the lower part
of her rosy cheeks that ought to have
been a hint to the young man. The
young man was a very fair sample of
the average chap who makes $1200 to
$1500 a year.
Between them and the aisle sat a big
man of 50 with his wife and two daugh
ters, and the big man had a voice big
ger than he was. When the curtain
went down on the first act there was a
slight scrap between the couple, "which
ended in the young man not going out
between the first and second acts, be- ,
cause the wait was short and he hadn't
time to argue. The girl's cheeks were .
redder than before when the curtain
went up and the set of her Jaw was
firmer. . ■
At the next fall of the curtain there
was a slight scrap again, which ended
this time in the young man dragging
himself over four people and leaving
the girl to sit alone until he was ready
to come back to her.
Two minutes later the girl dragged
herself after him, over the same four
people, but she stopped in the aisle long
enough to say something to the t>tg
man with the two daughters. Then she
disappeared.
It was a long wait, and just as the
curtain started up the young man hui
ried down the aisle, and was about to
drag himself over four people when the
big man called his attention to the va
cancy which had occurred during, his
absence. ,
The young man's Jaw dropped and he
actually grew red in the face.
The big man handed him a ring with
ji bright little diamond glistening in it. . .
"She gave me that and told me to .
?ive it to you," he said, with a menace .
n his tone, as he looked over at his own .
girls, "and she said if you ever came
to her house again or spoke to her her
father would thrash you as you de
served." ' .. •.
The young man was paralyzed.
"And I want to say," added the big
man, "that If the old man ain't able to
do it he can call on me."
Then he let the young man go, and
the way he went was a caution to a
flying machine.
It was a clear case of ships that pass
in the night, but with just a little more
Interesting cargoes than usual.—Wash
ington Star. _
THE • CHRISTMAS NUMBER OF
FRANK LESLIE'S POPULAR • ■
MONTHLY. .
The Christinas number of the new ten
cent Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly- has .
success written all over it. The picture
cover by W Granville Smith, is one or
the m'oßt brilliant productions of that ar
tist vho has made a special reputation In
this" line of WOrit Trie literary feature.
of Frank Leslie's Popular Monthly le W.
D Howells' farce, "The Smoking Car.
illustrated by Grunwalcl. These farces .
are perhaps the most distinctively popu,
far things that Mr. Howells writes; arid
the one in the Christmas Frank Leslies
nas all the characteristics of fta predeces
sors from the same inimitable pen.
AMUSEMENTS. . ■_■_._
PROSGO'S GRANDE
Vaxtkr Mokosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
To-Day and To-Nlght Last Performance of
"IN SIGHT OF ST. PAUL'S."
Week of November 28, IS9B.
Initial Production of the Great Naval Drama
THE COMMODORE !
A Thrilling Story of Our Late War With Spain."
EVENING PRICES, 10c, 25c and 50c. ■ '.- •
MATINEE PRICES, 10c, 15c and 2oc-. , .
Seats on Sale at Box Office and Main Floor
. Emporium.
Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
.Telephone Green 861.
RACING! RACING! /RACING!
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1898-99, beginning MONDA.T,
Nov. 28, to SATURDAY. Dec. 10. inclusive.. ••
OAKLAND RACE TRACK. "
Racing Monday, Tuesday, Wednesday, Thurs- .
day, Friday and Saturday. Rain or shine,
FIVE OR MORE RACES EACH DAY. . ■
Races Start at 2:15 p. m.. Sharp.
Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and.
12:30, 1. ; 1:30, 2, 2:30 and 3 p. m. connecting
with trains , stopping at the entrance to . the
Track. Buy your f ferry. tickets to Shell Mou.nd.
. Returning — Trains leave the ■ Track at .4:15 •.
and 4:45 p. m. and Immediately after last race.
■ THOS. H. , WILLIAMS JR.. President. "
j; R. B..MILROY, Secretary. •- . -■•'';
Baseball !__?!^ E ™ |
. . • A GREAT GAME
TO-DAY AT 2 P..M.
SANTA CRUZ VS. OAKLAND.
-WbbHy Can $1.50 dw Year
2930
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
! SUMMARY OF THE MARKETS.
Silver- Etlll lower.
Wheat and Barley declined.
Oats, Corn and Rye dull.
Hay quiet and unchanged. Bran weak.
White Beans easy.
Mustard and Alfalfa Seed advanced.
Turpentine higher.
Coal steady.
■ Wool slow.
Potatoes and Vegetables about the same.
• Medium Butter sells a little better.
. No change in Eggs.
Two cars of Eastern Poultry due.
Oranges continue to decline.
Other fruits quiet.
Dried fruits dull.
No change in Provisions.
Meat market as before.
IJank clearings gain slightly.
THE SHANTUNG'S CARGO.
The cargo of the Shantung, mentioned several
days ago as being the most valuable ever ship
ped from this port to the Orient, now turns
out quite an ordinary one, valued at about
Jj0,(O0, instead of over a million. An error
in the man I caused the trouble.
BANK CLEARINGS.
Local bank clearings last week were $13,
852,707, against $12,937,359 for the same week
last year.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— T0-day's short ses- 1
sion of the Stock Exchange was long enough j
for several uncertainties to develop and to re- .
serve themselves again, so that the session, as j
a whole, continued of the same irregular and |
mixed character as those of the whole week
have been.. The strength of Americans on the |
London market was not sufficiently pronounced
to affect the opening prices here and prices
were k.eiow the London parity, even where
gains "were shown. It was clear enough, how- j
ever, . that there was continued good demand I
'".for. Union Pacific and the St. Louis and San j
; ■ ajranciscb preferred and Northern Pacific re- j
.'coWed'.a recovery of part of yesterday's de
' .tithe. .There was continued profit taking m
' dent.- at other points and Manhattan suffered ;
. a break' of. 1% on published denials of a Van
■ derbUt. Interest and Tobacco almost as much j
' .on the. -threatened competition in cigarettes.
- .There were conspicuous fractional recession*
■ 84So in the Baltimore and Ohio stocks and the |
■ "ci-*lers showed no oration over stories that i
' ••'file coal trade had been fixed." There was
. i.. ; 'ifjiich encouragement to bear operations In ■
such' .-a market, ana. when reports by cable were
' 're.cvi'veit- that- the Spanish Uovernnient had in
etructetf its commissioners to sign a treaty of
pi-;*ce the market generally turned upward and
quickly recovered a part or all of the earlier j
ueclines.- AtchiSOO's October statement helped
■ tteit company's preferred stock, and, by sym
pathy, the enUre list. The statement showed
v net increase of $21:7,437 saved out of the gross
Increase, it was announced incidentally that
the reduction- in operating expenses, due to
extraordinary expenditures for betterments,
would begin on December 1. Good statements
of- earnings by a number of other railroads
helped* the recovery. The bank statement was
considered a strong one at first glance, with j
the increase in surplus reserve, though sub- j
sequent scrutiny of the decrease In the loan
item caused some modification of this view and i
come' late reactions, but not until an active j
• buying, movement had developed all through
' the list.
A midweek holiday Is almost certain to break
':" In on the course of' a market and to curtail
1 operations, except 6uch as are designed to
> •"even up" contracts. The past week was no
exception and the movement of prices has been
J highly irregular at all times, and at intervals I
Inclining toward the reactionary side. The ;
-.- aggressive attitude assumed by the Northern
■ Pacific toward Oregon Navigation in its policy
. Mo" extend into disputed territory has brought
• large blocks of Northern Pacific stocks to the
. market from the disgruntled element in the
. ownership. The banking Interest, which seems
\ to have assumed the task of maintaining the
' price- of the stork in face of this liquidation. i
la . also known to be deeply Interested in the
..jiewly floated Federal Steel Company.
Profit taking in the Atchison securities was on
. a. large scale and there was some uneasiness
.. felt f early in the week over the outcome of the
••'Paris peace conference, which emphasized the
' "Inclination to sell. The strained relations
..among Northwestern railroads and the snow- '
storm; served to divert the buying demand to I
.othAr Quarters,
. IThe' bond market has been active and broad
during the week and prices, with few excep
j ' tions., are higher, though there has been some
irregularity in the movement at times.
- • 'United -States Si's coupon have advanced %,
the' aid 4's registered and the new 4's % and
* the"2's, .the 3's, the old 4's coupon and the s's
I.. "• registered % per cent in the bid price.
"'• -. . Total sales of stocks to-day were 221.500 !
Fhares,: Including: Atchison, 4033; do preferred. j
; 354538.;' '.Baltimore ' and Ohio, all assessments !
.• paid, .4649; Louisville and Nashville, 6607; Man
. hattan. 7475; Metropolitan Street Railway, I
•4442: Reading, first preferred, 3400; Northern j
' Pacific. 4741; St. Louis and San Francisco,
8700; do second preferred, 4667: Union Pacific,
15. 570; do preferred, 13.070; St. Paul. 5318; South
. em Railway. 3430; do preferred, 5410; U. P. D.
& G., first assessment paid, 4-". .0; American To
• bacco, 1>.6OO; Federal Steel 3*63; do preferred,
• 11,056; People's -Gas. 3300; Sugar, 8900.
•..' ■"•"■ ' ■ CLOSING STOCKS.
■ Atchison 16% Do 2<i prefd 34
•: Do prefd 46% St Louis & S \V... 5%
Baltimore & Ohio. 58% Do prefd 13%
Canada .Pacific... 85% St Paul 113%
'Canada Southern.. 54% Do prefd 162%
. Cent P-'ac 27% St P & Om 86%
•Ches" St Ohio 23% Do prefd 165
■ Chi & Alton 162 St PM & M 170
Chi B &Q 119% So Pacific 25%
Chi '&• E. 11l COT» So Railway 10>4
DO prefd 110*1 Do prefd 40
Chi-G W-.' 15% Texas & Pacific... 15*4
Chi- Ind & L 8% Union Pacific 37%
Do prefd 36 l 2 Do prefd 69
CHf & N W. 141*4 U P D & G. Ist
Do- prefd 180 ast pd 7
C C C & St L.... 4Hi Wal>a«h 7%
• • Do pfefd 88 Do prefd 22%
• Del & Hudson..,. '*> j Wheel & L E 3%
Del L'& W 142 ! Do prefd 18
Den & Rio Q IS Express Companies —
Do pref.d 61% Adams Ex 106
.- Erie (new) 13% American Ex 145
• Do Ist prefd 37 United States 44
\Ft Wayne 174 (Wells Fargo 125 j
Gt Nor prefd 139 i Miscellaneous —
Hocking Val 3 A Cot Oil 31%
Illinois -Cent 111% Do prefd b«>Vi
Lake-.Krle & W.... 15 Am Spirits 12
Do prpfii 85 Do prefd 35
•" Lake Shore 193 Am Tobacco 134%
■'•Lo<i"is & Nash..... 61% Do prefd 126
■Manhattan L.;.... 97 (Con Gas 187
1 MeJ." St-Ry:.: 176% Com Cable C 0......175
Mich. Gent -....108 Col F & Iron 22%
Mrytn .5t'L...... 28 Do prefd 77
". .-• -Do Mf prefd 93% Gen Electric 82%
' ■Mo'-P.ae.1f1c.:..: 36 1 ,* Haw Com Co 49
. Mfiiiile &■ Ohio 27% Illinois .Steel 104
• " Mo * T. :.... 11% Int Paper 59
••••'-• Po'prefd 34 ! Do prefd 91
•. : X-.J- Central....... 92 (Laclede Gas 49
: ■NY Central 119 : Lead 34
'K : T-.ChTA St L... IS ! Do prefd 11l
.v. ■•' Do Ist prefd 71 Minn Iron 13S
'"• Do -2d- prefd 31 ! Nat Lin Oil 6
••/••Nof-.West 14% Pacific Mail 37^
•. : ' SV/AjFiier Co. 6*4 People's Gas 109%
• 'No. Pacific 40% Pullman Pal in
".. .•So preTd... 75% Silver Certlflcates. 6<H4
. .-Ontario & \V 16%; Stand R & T 7»£
i-.O'r.Ti '& Nay 50 'Sugar 122%
:* .Or: Short- Line... 31% ! Do prefd 11l
■Ph.- C Ist" prefd... 77 T C & Iron 80%
. ■■••Do 2il prefd 57 jU S Leather 6^i
•■'= TNttsburg; •-. 172 : Do prefd 67% i
.Riding ....; 18% V S Rubber 42% j
• ' J">o Ist prefd 44'> I Do prefd 105
 R.-G W.. 27 West Union 9t%
•..•'.DP Prefd 62% Federal Steel 31
Reck. Island l- ; . no |>refd 76H 1
- -:si fydUlsA S F,... R% Brook R T 63%
- T ■•. pre-fd.-.... i .... 67*4
• '• "• " . CLOSING BONDS.
U,S Zs ICC* NyN y Central lsts..HS'A i
V B new-. 4s reg.. .127*4 X J C 5s 114>4 i
: --Do coup ■ 125 North Carolina 65. 129
. '-.tJ' B is. '.. 112 j Do 4s 104
■ 'Pf>. coup' 112% No Pac Ists 117«£
Do'2ds. .' '.-3% Do 3s 67%
■ ' C S' ss reg 113 ! DO 4s 101%
i- I' in coup 113 In yC& St L 4s.in. r ) 1 .-i i
District 3 655...-...llS'.i|Nor * W6s 122 |
A!a class -A 108 Northwest consols. l 42 i
•..Do B. 1... 107 ! - deb 5s 117>£ ■
■Do C ..104 l' Nay Ist? 114
Do .Currency 100 O Nay 4s mivi .
Atch'.son. 4s. .. &7%|0 S Line fin term. l3o |
Do adj 4s 74/2 O S Line 58 term. lo9
CaD So2ds 11 ■'■■ Pacific 6s of 95 102% '
C & 0 4Mb SS>2 I Reading 4s 84 % i
Chi .term- 4? HI I *;,}' <; W Ists 90
C & Ohio as 11« (Ht L & I M Con Bs. 98%
C ft ft D 4%5....104% pt L& B P Gen 65.122 j
DAP. G- Ists 107 St p Con 161
T> & X «-4s 99%|8t P C & P 15t5. .120
East Term 1ft5....107 Do us 113
Erie Gen.-4s 7?/-i Bo Ry r.« 10314
F W & D lsts term 7r»V Standard R & T 6s 79
Gen EleC 5s 100 Term new set 35... 94
G--H & S A 85.... 105 Tex Pa'- L<; Ists. 109
■ '■'■■■: Dfr-2dsV .' 104 I Do rt-g 2ds 47'-i
H ft T C 5s 110 'Union Pac 45. ....101%
Do can 6b 110 jU p ii A Q isti>.. SSV&
lowa C lsts 103 IWabash Ist 5s 111%
La hew consols 106% I Do 2ds 91
L & N t'nl 45.... 94% W Shore 4s .111%
Missouri 6s 100 Va Centuries ..... 80%
M K& T' 2ds 6"'i Do deferred f.%
Do is .- ■ 92 J Wis Cent Ists" 62%
... " . MINING STOCKS.
(hollar. ■'• 22!Ontarlo 425
Cfown Point 20 Ophir 65
ConCal & Va 120 Plymouth 10
]. ad wood 40 Quicksilver , 150
Gou3d-&. Curry.... 18 Do prefd-.. 400
Hale & Korcross.. 1 00 Sierra Nevada .... 1 90
Homestake ..*. ..'..50 00 : Standard ISO
Iron Silver .:..... 76 Union Con 24
Mexican 23 Yellow Jacket .... 20
'. BOSTON STOCKS AND BONDS.
Money— iWestingh Elec ... 38%
Call loans " MMI Do prefd .... 59
• Time loans 3@4 Ed Elec Te1........ IN
• Stocks— I Gen Elec prefd.... 105
"A T & St Fe 16%'Atch prefd 46%
Amor Sugar lZiVal Bonds-
Do prefd 111% Atchlßon 4s 97
Bay State Gas.... 2^l Mining Shares- ,
Bell Tel .MOH I AHouez Mining Co. 5
Boston & Albany. .237 .Atlantic ........... ***
Boston & Maine. ..l 66 Boston A M0nt.... 36
Boston L Hutte & .Boston.. 06%
Chi Bur &"q".'.'.'.A\:< ' calumet & Hec1a..620
Fitchburg 105 Centennial *>*1
Gen Elec prefd....185 Franklin .. m*
Mexican Central .. 5 k* - minion 34H
X V & V Eng.... 57 Oscenla <"*»
Old Colony .....*...1M Quincy . 142
Rubber 42 V Tamarack 177
Union Pac 37*» Wolverine 32U
West End wVt Humboldt 3:4
Do prefd 110
NEW YORK MONEY MARKET.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— The Financier says:
The bank statement of averages for the week
ending November 26 shows a decrease of $2.
243,400 in loans and a gain of $764,300 in cash.
As loan contraction has affected the deposit
prefd HO I
NEW YORK MONET MARKET.
\V YORK. Nov. 26.— The Financier says:
bank >-t..totnent of averages for the week
g November 26 shows a decrease of $2.
) in loans and a gain of $764,300 in cub.
« loan contraction has affected the deposit
total, the reserve requirements have been les
sened, and this with currency receipts swelled
the surplus $1,090,200, making the excess above
legal reserve $18,357,575. The statement is con
fusing in several directions, but as It does not
cover the full week the probabilities are that
the conditions reflected do not prevail to-uay.
The banks have an unusually large amount of
money loaned on collateral as a result of ac
tive exchange transactions and borrowings in
cident to operations of syndicates in connec
tion with recent reorganizations and incorpo
rations, antl the Joan total, therefor*, is sus
ceptible to suddeir changes. The closing of sev
eral syndicate deals recently has returned a
great deal of money to banks, and this may
be regarded as a contributing factor toward the
fluctuations noted. Still, it is to be observed
that the decreases In one bank account almost
altogether for tlie changes In loans and de
posits tor the week. The international ex
change situation changed somewhat during the
week and the evident tend or sterline fore
shadowing smaller profits in investments has
lessened buying. The absorption of large quan
tities of sterling bills has contributed directly
and indirectly for some weeks past toward
lowing smaller profits in investments has
-ned buying-. The absorption of large quan
s of sterling bills has contributed directly
indirectly for some weeks past toward
swelling the loans of New York banks. The
loss of specie for the week, amounting to
$*>72,100 was due to operations with the treas
ury, representing the balance which the banks
owed en settlements and sums deposited for
telegraphic transfers to the South. The gain
in legals reflects the trend of money from the
Interior to this, center, although at the close
of the week it wan estimated that the banks
had lost nearly or quite as much as they
gained. The banks are increasing their circu
lation to an appreciable extent, the new 3 per
cent bonds being used as a basis. If the state
ment is to be regarded as typical of circum
stances controlling the money market the out
look might be said to favor easy conditions,
but as the close of the year usually creates a
demand for funds to be employed in dividends
and settlements it is not impossible that rates
may harden slightly. The constant outward
movement of cereals and manufactures Is add
ing to the balance owing this country abroad.
The only offset last week was selling of Ameri
can securities on German account, and when
this balance is to be collected Is uncertain,
but the next thirty days will show whether
loans to Europe are to be continued or called
for payment. '
THE LONDON MARKET.
I the next thirty days will show whether
b to Kurope are to be continued or called
payment.
THE LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says:
A sharp recovery in Kaffirs was the only
feature in the stock market here to-day. The
rise was stimulated by a shortage" in shares
at the settlement. Excepting for Baltimore
and Ohio and Union Pacific, Americans were
somewhat drooping, business probably being
checked because of the settlement to begin on
Monday next. It is belived that the carry
over may next. a considerable increase carry
may show a considerable increase in the
account, as it is expected that large lines will
be carried for Berlin.
The money position Is most perplexing. The
stringency in Germany increases, but with no
perceptible effect on discount rates here. It Is
believed that one important reason for this
position is the fact that New York is lending
largely to Berlin and moderately to London.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific, Grand Trunk, S\; bar
nadlan Pacific, Sl 1^; Grand Trunk, Z\; bar
silver quiet, 27H<1; money, 2 per cent; Spanish
4's closed at 41%.
PARIS, Nov. 26.— Spanish 4's closed at
42.1*%.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, Nov. 26.— FLOUR— Receipts,
31.716 barrels; exports, 15. 969. A shade easier.
Winter patents, $3 63^3 90; winter straits, $3 30
<ti3 60; Minnesota patents, $3 86@4 10; winter
extras, $2 70<g3; Minnesota bakers', $3@3 25;
winter low grades, $2 25&2 45.
WHEAT— Receipts, 528,650 bushels; exports,
277,000. No. 2 red, 76% cf. o. b. afloat. Op
tions opened steady on covering, but sold off
and were weak all day under liquidation, easy
cables and large Northwest receipts and
closed H^Hc net lower. Sales included No. 2
red May, 7H;@7lV4c, closed 71% c.
HOPb— Dull; State common to choice, 1536
crop, 6@Sc; 1897 crop, lli&13c; 1898 crop, la(^2lc;
Pacific Coast, 1896 crop, 7@Bc; 1597 crop, 11^13c;
1898 crop, 19<jj21c. :../" :
WOOL— Quiet; fleece, 17@22c.
I METALS— The week closes with the metal
I market conditions quite favorable. Nearly
everything on the list is firmly held. This be
! ing Saturday the Metal Exchange makes no
official report, but the firm naming the set
tling price for miners and smelters calls lead
$3 50.
PIGIRON— $10 25®11 25; Northern,
$10 25@11 75. '
COPPER— lake brokers $12 75.
LEAD— Steady; brokers, $3 50.
TlN— Steady.
COFFEE— Options closed steady at net un
changed to 10 points advance. Liquidation of
free contracts was a feature. Sales, 33,000 bags,
including December at 3. 255 3. January.
5.55 c; March, a.76®5.80c; May. 5.90 c; July.
6 05c- August, 6.05 c; September, 6.10 c. Spot
coffee— Rio, market steady but quiet; No. 7 in
voice, 6'*c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, steady;
Cordova, B@lsc.
SUGAR— Raw. strong; fair refining, 4c; cen
trifugal. 96 test, 4 Vie; molasses, 3»ic; refined,
firm- mold A sic; standard and confectioners
A. 3'4c; cut loaf and crushed, 5%c; granulated,
SVic; powdered and cube, 5%c.
BUTTER— Receipts. 4CS3 packages. Steady;
Western creamery, 15V4©24c; Elgins, 24c; fac
t0 EGGS— Receipts, 4852 packages. Steady; West
ern, 23^c- i
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, Nov. California dried fruit
steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES— Common. <@8c per
US; prime wire tray, B@BVic; choice. B%@9c;
f&.nrv o^c
I PRUNES— per It), as to size and qual-
U APRICOTS-Royal. Il<gl4c; Moorpark, 14@17c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled, 9@l2c; peeled. 19@21c.
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. Nov. 26.— Wheat opened at about
Friday's closing prices. May starting at 66%@
66% c. and December at 66% c. There was no ap
parent reason for the steadiness, and after
about half an hour's dull trading at about the
opening prices the market weakened percep
tibly, December selling off to 66%@66%c, and
May to CoVif366%c. December recovered a trifle,
but it was hard work to maintain prices. There
was no encouragement to holders in the early
news. Liverpool although unchanged for spot
wheat wan %!gl4c lower for futures. Weakness
of the coarse grain markets was an additional
Incentive to sell, and at times there appeared
to be no short Interest In the market for De
cember at least. Toward the close holders ap
parently became somewhat demoralized, and
May, though given fair support, was dragged
I down by the quick decline of the nearby fu-
I ture. Some recovery took place from bottom
figures, but the market was very weak at the
finish. May closing at 65 T i<a-6t>c, and December
at 65%®65%c.
Corn was relatively as weak as wheat. Cold
weather was the chief bearish factor. Some
i important lines of long corn were sold out. and
! short selling was prominent. May closed %@
i %c lower.
Oats were weak with wheat and corn. There
! was general liquidation and prices went stead-
I ily downward. May closed with a loss of %c.
The break in grain markets and unexpectedly
heavy receipts of hogs exerted a depressing In
fluence on provisions, and prices were a lit
! tle lower all around. Trading was not very
! heavy. At the close January pork and ribs
! were 5 c lower and lard 5©7% c lower.
The leading futures ranged an follows:
Articles— Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat No. 2—
, November 05%
: December 66% 66 7 65% 65%
i May 66% C 6% 65% 66
Corn No. 2—
; November ......... 32% 32% 22% ■ 32%
I December 32% 32% 32% W%
i May 3414 34V* 33% 33%
Oats No. 2—
December 25% 26 , 25% 25%
May 26% 26% 26 26
Mess Pork, per barrel-
December 7 7." 7 80 7 75 7 go
I January 9 07% 910 9 02% 905
May 925 9 27% 925 9 27%
I^ard, per 100 pounds —
: December ..4 87% 4 8"'/4 4 82 ' A 4 82>4 |
: January :..... 4 97% 500 4&5 " 495
May 510 515 5 07% 510
Short Ribs, per 100 pounds-
December 4 47%
January 460 4C 2% 455 4 5Tu
! May 4 72% 4 72% 4 67% 470
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour, slow; winter patents, $3 40®3 50
■ straights, $3 15«tf3 25; spring specials $4 10'
spring patents. $3 30(g3 60; straights, $2 SO'&S 10'
bakers", $2 2r>',t2 50; No. 3 spring Wheat. 624? 66c'
No. 2 red, 87<g£Sc: No. 2 Corn, 32% c; No 2 Oats'
26%@27c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 2S%@29\ic; No 3
white, f. o. b., 28(fj29%c; No. 2 Rye, 52c;"No 2
: Barley, f. o. b., 40@48%c; No. 1 Flaxseed, 94c
[ Prime Timothy Seed. $2 20; Mess Pork, per
, barrel, $7 8007 85; Lard, per 100 pounds, $4 <(s<ffi
5 02%;. Short Rib Sides, loose, $4 65@4 80; Dry
Salted Shoulders, boxed. 4Vi@4%c; Short Clear
i Sides, boxed. $4 Soft 4 90; Whisky, distillers'
j finished goods, per gallon, $1 26; Sugar, cut
loaf, $5 95; granulated, $."> 45.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
! Flour, barrels : 27.000 28,110")
Wheat, bushels .....196.000 76,000
I Corn, bushels 235,000 . 667.000
I Oats, bushels .301,000 284.000
j Rye; bushels 22.000 5.000
i Barley, bushels ......... 111.000 195,000
[ ' On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
THE SAN FBAXCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
market was easy; Creameries. 14@21%c; Dai
ries, U%4915c. Cheese, quiet; SigElOc. Eggs. 1
firm; fresh, 21(g 1 22 c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Cities— Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 414,950 86.400
Duluth 910,344 987,910
Milwaukee 40,950 218,700
Chicago 195,700 76,338
Toledo -38.54S 65,100
St. Louis 60.000 64,000
Detroit 25,670 6,577
Kansas City 63,500 55,000
Totals 1,739,672 1,560.025
Tidewater — ■ .„
Boston 39.559 42.952
New York 628.850 27,. 290
Philadelphia 1.613 '"'• a
Baltimore 161,936 12.000
New Orleans la > 200
Galveston 55,216
Totals .T 787,004 428,029
LIVERPOOL FUTURES.
Wheat— Dec. Mar.
Opening : 6 76 6 10%
Closing 6% 6 10%
PARIS FUTURES.
Flour— » Nov. Jan.-Apl.
».::::;:=::::::::::« ™
Closing 47 30 46 20
Wheat — ** "45
Opening 22 20 21 45
Closing .::::::::::::::::::::: 22 10 2145
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, Nov. 26.— CATTLE— The few cat
tle for sale, mostly of medium grade, were dis
| posed of at yesterday's prices. No improve
i ment in the market is looked for at present,
the large consumption of poultry tending to
injure the trade.
HOGS— were s@loc lower. Sales, $3 35@
3 47%; extreme range, $3 15@3 50; lightweights
sold at a larger discount. Most of the pigs
sold at $3 15@3 30. _
SHEEP— Prices were no better. Lambs, $4
@4 50 for common to $5 50016 65 for crolce,
feeders being sold at $4 60@4 »0. For sheep the
ruling prices were $2 5004 35. Westerns going
at $3 5034 30, ewes at $3 4(*?}4. and feeders at
$3 50© 4 20. ;„
Receipts— Cattle, 400; hog*, 42,000; sheep. 2500.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, Nov. CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 500; market unchanged.
Receipts. 15.000; market s@loc lower.
Bulk of sales. $2 25-83 40; heavies. $3 25@3 42%;
packers, »3 15@S 37%; mixed, »3 1-S3 35; lights,
$3 10@3 30; yorkers, $3 25©3 30; pigs, $3^3 25.
SHEEP— Rec«ips, 1000; market firm. Lambs,
$3 Do@s 30; muttons, $2 50©4 30.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, Nov. CATTLE— Receipts, 1000;
market steady. Native beef steers, 14 30@5 30;
Western steers, %'i 70^-i 40; cows and heifers,
: *3©4; stockers and feeders, $3 40(g4 50; bulls and
I stags, $2 5093 80.
HOGS— Receipts, 13,600: market 15c lower.
Heavy, $3 20<Jf3 25: mixed, $3 20@3 22%: light,
J3 2S@a 20; pigs, $3(^3 20; bulk of sales. $3 LWg)
3 25. I
SHEEP— Receipts, 100; market steady. Na
tive muttons. $3 60®4 35; Westerns, $3 40@4;
stockers, *3 25@3 SO; lambs. $4&5 25.
DENVER.
DENVER, Colo., Nov. 26.—CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 200. Market slow but steady. Beef
steers, $3 75@4 25; cows, $2 7.Vg'3 40; feeders,
freight paid to river, $3 75® 4 25; stockers,
freight paid. $3 90@4 30; bulls, stags, etc., $2'§3.
HOGS— Receipts, 300. Market shade lower.
Light packers, $3 40<g3 46; mixed, $3 35@3 40;
heavy, $3 25@3 30.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market quiet and
unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON. Nov. 26.— Consols, 111 1-16; silver, !
27% d; French rentes, 102f 32% c; wheat cargoes
off coast, nothing doing; cargoes on passage, ]
rather easier 3d lower: Walla Walla, 29s l%d.
LIVERPOOL, Nov. 26.— WHEAT— Dull; wheat |
in Paris, steady; flour In Paris, steady.
COTTON— 3 3-32 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— No. 2 rrd Western winter dull. 6a; |
No. 1 Northern spring dull. 6s 2%d. Futures ;
closed steady; November, nominal; December, |
6s fed; March, 5s 10V1.
CORN— Spot American quiet, 3s ll%d; No- ,
vemJoer, nominal; December quiet, 3s 9*; d; j
March quiet. 3s 7%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter steady, Bs.
HOPS— At London (Pacific Coast) flrm, £5
@6.
GOLD AND SILVER MOVEMENT.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— The gold and Pllver
movement at New York for the week ending |
to-day: Exports of gold. $466,355; of silver,
$1 04:. '739. Imports of gold, $110,791; of silver,
$206,534.
IMPORTS AT NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. Nov. 26.— The Imports of dry !
goods and general merchandise at New York !
for the week ending to-day were valued at
$7,025,008.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — $4 83% 1
Sterling Exchange, sight — 4 86?4
Sterling- Cables — 4 8.
New York Exchange, sight — 12 ! j
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 15
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69v4
Mexican Dollars — 47%
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market Is lower all around and j
dull.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, $1 15@1 17%; milling,
$1 20@l 22%.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock— May—
ctls. $1 20; 6000. $1 19% ; 2000, $1 19%.
Second session— May— l2,ooo ctls, $1 19%; 6000.
$1 19%; 6000, $1 19; 35.000. $1 19%.
Regular morning session— May— ctls,
$1 1914 : 6000, $1 19%.
BARLEY— Lower prices ruled, both on and
off call, with a dull market.
Feed, $1 27%; Brewing, $1 32%@1 45 per
ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second • session— December— 2ooo ctls, $1 28%;
2000 $128%; 4000, $128; 2000, $127%; 10,000,
$1 27%.
Regular morning i session— No sales.
OATS— Light sales at unchanged quotations. I
Fancy Feed, $1 27%'?1 30 per ctl ; good to j
choice, $1 22%(51 25: common, $1 17%@1 20: Sur- ,
prise, $1 35@1 42%; Gray, $1 1001 22%; milling, j
$125*8-130 per ctl; Red. $1 40@l 47%; Black,
$1 60@l 70.
CORN— Fluctuations at Chicago do not affect
this market, which remains dull.
Small round yellow, $1 15@1 20; Eastern large
yellow, $1 05@l 07%; white, ; mixed. $1 02%
©1 05 per ctl; California White, .
RYE— California. $1 20@l 22%; Eastern, $115
@1 17% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— Is nominal.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, $4 15@4 25; bakers
extras, $3 90@4 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 25 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per
100; Rice Flour, $7; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra
cream Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4 25; Oat
Groats, $4 50; Hominy, $3 25-83 50: Buckwheat
Flour $4@4 25; Cracked Wheat, $3 75: Farina, 1
$4 50; Whole Wheat Flour, $3 50; Rolled Oats I
(barrels), $5 85@6 25; In sacks, $5 Cs@6 05; Pearl
Barley, $5; Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50
per 100 lbs. ______*
HAT AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Nothing affects the Hay market except heavy ;
receipts. The long continued dry weather cuts j
no figure at all. Prices remain unchanged.
Bran is easy. - .
BRAN— SI 4 50@15 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— $19®20 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— Barley, $27 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the mill. $3Kg3l 60; Job-"
bing, $32@32 60; Cocoanut cake, $24@25; Cotton
seed Meal, $28®30 per ton; Cornmeal, $23 50<g) :
24 50; Cracked Corn, $24#25.
CALIFORNIA HAY— Wheat. $16 50018 for i
good to choice and $14@16 for lower grades;
no fancy coming in; Wheat and Oat. $15<3>17 50; '
Oat, $14*9)16; Island Barley, $11-914; Alfalfa, ;
$11<S'12 50; Stock, $11@12; Clover, nominal.
OUTSIDE HAY— (From Oregon. Utah, etc.)—
Wheat and Wheat and Oat, $13 50015: Cheat, i
$12*712 50: Alfalfa. $10®10 50; Oat. $13©14 50;
Clover, $11 .'.of/12 50; Timothy, $11 50@13 per ton. |
STRAW— B6<S'7Sc per bale.
'■;—-■.'- BEANS AND SEEDS.
White Beans are a shade easier. The other :
sorts are unchanged.
Alfalfa and Mustard Seed are higher.
BEANS— Bayos. $1 05@2 05; Small Whites, !
$2 1503 20; Large Whites. $1 So©l 90; Pinks. '
$1 &o@2 05; Reds, $3 26; Blackeye, $3 &o@3 75; "
i Butters, $2@2 60; Limas, $3 2608 33; Pea, $2 15® j
2 25; Red Kidneys. $2 40@2 50 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard; $4 50(g4 75 per ctl ; :
yellow Mustard. $4 25; Flax, $2(^2 25; Canary ,
Seed, t A@2%C per lb; Alfalfa, 7@7 l /ic; Rape, ;
2'i®2«ic: Hemp. 2%@3c: Timothy, 5@5%c. ->
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. $1 25@1 40; Green, $1 CO
Ql 70 per ctl. '■-
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES, j
Los Angeles Green Peas are selling at -6c \
per Ib.
. The market Is dull- and not materially I
changed. ■ Cucumbers are no longer worth
quoting. /
POTATOES— 3O®4Oc for Early Rose and 30t#i i
50c for River Burbanks; Salinas Burbanks, 75c i
<gsl 10; Oregon, 65c@$l; Sweet Potatoes,- 60®
60c for nearby and $1 25 for Merced; New
Potatoes. I>4©2c per lb. .
ONIONS — »o©6sc per ctl; Pickle Onions, 350
60c per ctl. '■-'.' ■ .
VEGETABLES— Green Peas, 4@sc; String
Beans, 4S7c; Cabbage. 40@50c; Tomatoes, 20©
35c for .-Bay and $lisl 25 - for Los Angeles;
Garlic. 4®3c per lb; Dried Okra. 10c per
lb; Marrowfat Squash, $10@12 per ton; Carrots I
25<?<35c per sack. - .- '..■■
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES — Potatoes,
sliced, raw, 12c per n> in lota of 25 lbs; sliced, i
desiccated, 16$? 18c: granulated. raw, ISc; i
Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c; Cab- [
I bage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips, 25u;
■ String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
' Two cars of Eastern Poultry are announced
for to-morrow. The market yesterday waa dull
and nominal, as usual on Saturday.
I POULTRY— Dressed Turkeys, ,12%<f15c; live
i Turkeys, 13@14c for Gobblers and 13@14c for
i Hens; Geese, per pair, $1 50@l 75; Goslings,
; $1 50@l 75; Ducks, $4 50<&6 for old and $4 50®6
for young; Hens, $3 M 0»; young Roosters, <*
i ©5; old do, $4 50; Fryers. $4<S4 50; Broilers, 54
i 04 50 for large, $3<ft:3 50 for small: Pigeons $1
01 25 per dozen for old and $1 75JT2 lor squabs.
GAME— Quail, $1(3.1 50: Mallard, $3@4: Can
vasback. $3<g«; Sprig. $2 50ff3; Teal. $1 25@1 oO;
! Widgeon, $1 50; Small Duck, $1 25(^1 50; tng
1 lish Snipe, $150^2; Jack Snipe. $1: Gray Gee?.?.
*: 50; White Geese. $1€1 J 25; Brant. $1 8501 7..;
Honkers. $494 50: Hare, ilrfil 25; Rabbits, $1 do
\ @1 50 for Cottontails and $1 25 for small.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGGS.
Previous quotations rule for all descriptions.
! The medium grades of Butter seem to be raov
; ing off rather better.
! BUTTER—
I Creamery — Fancy creameries, 13@24c; sec
onds, 20(fr22c.
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 18@20c; common
BI pickled" Goods— Firkin. IS<S2Oc; picked roll,
: 19(ff21e; creamery tub, nominal.
Eastern Butter— Ladle packed. 16@16%c p«r
! CHE*ES V-;— choice mild new, 10@llc; old, 8%-f?
I !i%c; Cream Cheddar. 10011 c; Young America,
! 10V*®llttc; Eastern, 12«13c.
"KGGS— Ranch Eggs, 40©42% C per dozen; me
dium Eggs, 85©37% c; Eastern, 20@25c for ordi
' nary and 27%@28 I ,»c for fancy.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
I Oranges continue to decline slowly. Apples
and Pears are dull. But few Grapes are seen
now, and they are dull. Berries are poor and
I out of favor.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, |1 25@3 per chest for large and
1 for small.
Huckleberries, nominal.
Persimmons, nominal.
Pomegranates, nominal.
Cranberries, 88010 per barrel for Eastern
and $1 7582 25 per box for Coos Bay.
Grapes, 40<g'60 per box; cratea sell 10@1jo
higher than boxes.
Raspberries, $2£3 per chest.
Apples, 35<&60c for common, 75@850 per box
for No. 1 and $1(& 125 for choice. Lady Ap
ples. $1 SO&t.
Pears— oocfftl per box.
CITRUS F"RUITS— NaveI Oranges. $2 50^3 50
i per box; Seedlings. %l(gZ 85; Mandarins, $1 500
: 1 75; Lemons, 8102 for common and $2 50(54 for
good to choice; Mexican Limes, 13 60O4; Call
■ fornia Limes. 50075 c per small box; Grape
Fruit. $3^4: Bananas, $1 sCrg2 per bunch; Plne-
I apples. $31j5 per dozen.
I DRIED FRUITS. NUTS. RAISINS, ETC.
I There Is nothing going on worthy of note.
DRIED FRUlT— Prunes, v ; x c for 40-50's, 4M)
' ©oc for 50-60' s; 3%c for 60-70' s; 3c for 70-SO's,
I 2VJc for 80-90's, 2c for 90-100's and lHc
! for 100-110's; Silver Prunes. 2i£@sc; Peaches.
1 8497HC for good to choice, 7H@Bc for fancy and
:!<><: 12S.C for peeled; Apricots, 10@12c for Royals
and 12@12VijC for Mooipark: Evaporated Apples,
7V'./7 1 -.o; sun dried, 4ig:4Vic; Black Figs, sacks,
2y2 ; ; c; Plums. 4'«'ci6c for pitted and lQlhic for
unpltted: Nectarines, 6(@7c for prime to fancy;
Pears, 64f7e for quarters and S@9c for halves.
RAISINS— 3\c for two-crown. 4%c for three
cp'Wn, :<\c for folir-cn.wn, 5- ; @6^c for Seedless
Sultanas, 4"- 4 c for Seedless Muscatels and $1 20
i for London Layers; Dried Grapes, 2%i@3c.
NUTS— Chestnuts, S'&l2Vsc per 1b; Walnuts.
; 6<@~c for hardshell, S^9c for softshell; Almonds,
So7c rcr hardshell; tfc for softshell. 14igl5c for
| paper-shell; Peanuts, 6p7c for Eastern and 4%@
'■ 5c for California; Cncoanuts, $4 504 M.
HONEY— Comb. lOiffllc for bright and B@9c
' for lower grades; water white extracted, 6^fQ
I "c; light amber extracted, 6c; dark, 6@s?^c
I per lb.
BEESWAX— 24<g-2f,c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 7Hc per lb for
! heavy, 8c for light medium. 10c for light, lOHc
I for extra light and Yl'a '.24c for sugar cured;
j Eastern Sugar-cured Hams. 10c; California
i Hams, 9^9<*o; Mess Beef, $10^11 per bbl;
j extra Mess Heef, $11^11 50; Family Beef, $12 50 i
©"13 50; extra Prln:^ Pork, $1"; extra clear. |18@
18 50; mess, $15 50fi16; Smoked Beef, 12'^12'ic
per lb.
LARD — Eastern tierces, quoted at B^c per lb
I for compound and 6*i'f?7c for pure; pails. 7Hc;
I California tlercef 4»©sc per lb for compound
i and 6c for nure: half barrels, 6'-jc; 10-lb tins,
T%e; R-lh tins. VHc.
COTTOLENE — T|prc«s. s Tt,ff€Hc;T t,ff€Hc; packages
less than 300 lbs, 1-lb pails. 80 In a case, S^c;
| 3-lb palls, 20 in a case, SSc: 5-lb pails. 12 in a
I cose. BHc: 10-lb palls. 6 in a case, S^fcc; 60-lb j
j tins, 1 or 2 in a case, 7T4c : wooden buckets. 20
' lbs net. BHc; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
! barrels, about 110 lbs. 7\c.
HIDES, TALLOW. WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers. 10c; medium. S'-jc; light. 8c; Cowhides,
B<gS4c; Stags, 6c: Salted Kip. BY.c; Calf, B>4c:
dry Hides, sound. 15c; culls and brands, 12c;
1 dry Kip and Veal, 15c; dry Calf. 17c; Sheep
i skins, shearlings, 15<{?25c each; short wool, 30®
i 40c each; medium. 6O*SSOc; long wool. 90ci?$l 10
j each; Home Hides, salt. $1 75Q2 for large and
75c for Bmall; Colts, 50c; Horse Hides, dry, $1 50
for large and 50c<(f$l for small.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered. 3MrC per lb; No. 2,
2%c; refined, 4tto4%c; Grease. 2c.
WOOL — Spring clips— Southern Mountain. 12
I months'. 9fillc; San Joaquln and Southern, 7
months', 8"^%;: Foothill and Northern, free, j
12J?14c; FontTHll and Northern, defective. 104* I
12c: Middle County, lSiffiec; Humbnidt and Mf-n
doclno, 14916 c; Nevada, 10014 c; Eastern Ore
gon, 10(Sl2c; Valley Oregon, 15igl7c.
Fall Wools—
Humtiolrtt and Mendoclno 9<ffll
Northern Mountain BQ 9
Mountain 7@ 9
Plains BfJ 8
1 Jacob Wollner's circular pays: "There has
i been a little more doing In this market. About
i 250. 000 pounds of spring, 150,000 pounds of fall
and 50,000 pounds of Nevada have been sold,
but at low prices. In Eastern markets the
sales In the last four weeks amount to about
one-quarter of the sales Bince the first of Jan
uary, with prices from 2 to 3c per pound less
than wools were held at live or six weeks ago.
Holders of wool are satisfied that they made
a mistake in the amount of wool or woolen
j goods carried over the first of January last,
i and therefore commenced to sell, although the
I woolen goods trade has not shown much lm
; provement.
"We now have enough wool In the United
j States to supply all demands for the next two
' rears to come, and with the new clip which :
| will b<> available In four or ttve months there i
; Foems to be little prospect of high prices in the j
near future.
"Of the wools that have been sold here the
prices were ll'S)2c for foothill spring, 86 9 c for
Southern spring, mountain fall 7<§Sc and Ne
vada 9igloc. At the wool sales held at Uklah j
800 bales were offered and sold from S\£<s??iHc. i
The demand here for wool is not very brisk. !
and it seems that when an offer Is refused It is ;
not repeated again except at lower price."
HOPS— IB9R crop, 14f1»15c per lb for ordinary;
choice would bring more.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags for next season,
nominal, at 4W5c: Wool Bags, 26@28c; San |
Quentln Bags, $4 85; Fruit Bags, sc, 5%c and
I E£o for the three grades of white and 7@Sc for ;
! brown.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling- j
ton, 18; Southfield Wellington, $7 50; Seattle,
»6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, Jo; Wallsend. $7 60; j
Scotch, $8; Cumberland, is 50 in bulk and $10 |
i in sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg. $14,
j Cannel, $8 CO per ton; Rock Springs and Castle
i Gate, $7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bum and $14
In sucks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been five deliveries of coal fn-m
Washington, amounting to 14,330 tons; two ,
I from Oregon, 950 tons; one from Newcastle, N.
S. \\\. 3G30 tons; one from British Columbia,
2250 tons; total, 21,169 tons. This is a par
i tlcularly light week's delivery for this season
1 Of the year, when the demand is fully equal
I to 30,000* tons per week; still there is no actual
1 scarcity, as the yards are fairly well sup-
I piled. A good storm accompanied with a soak
; ing rain would force housekeepers to replenish
i their bins and double up domestic consump
! tlon. The existing coal freight rates from
: Europe and Australia show no decline, but are j
; firm at last week's quotations: they will prob- |
| ably remain as at present until our season's I
J weather shall have declared itself. A few
j new names have beon added recently to the J
I engaged list from Australia, but free engage- j
ments from that section cannot be looked for
until freights decline, as consumers here will
not pay asking prices, based on present
I freights, simply because they can purchase
i more economical fuel. Largo quantities of un-
I sold foreign coke are being yarded, evidencing
! that the supply is in excess of present requira
'tURPENTINE-Ib higher at 5Sc per gallon
I in cases and 53c in drums or Iron barrels.
SUGAR — The Western Sugar Refining Com
i pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube Crushed
; and Fine Crushed; 6%c: Powdered, 6Hc; Candy
• Granulated, 5%c; Dry Granulated, sVfcc; Confec
i tinners' A, 5',4c; California A, s>4c; Magnolia A,
: 5%c: Extra C, sc; Golden C. 4T*c; half-barrels.
: %C more than barrels, and boxes Vie more. No
1 ordPr taken at less than 75 barrels or its
j equivalent.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Saturday. November 26.
1 Flour, qr sks 8,6141 Mustard, sks 3fio
Whent ctls 60.480 Lumber, feet 45,000
! Barley ctls I.2.". (Leather, r0115.... 2:>2
' Cheese, ctls llfijPelts, bdls 591
Butter, ctls 15't;F.ggs. doz 6,540
Beans, i=ks-. 22« | H!des. no 1,208
1 Potatoes, sks 4.79 Sip.room Sip.room Corn, bdls 40
• Onions, sks 266 i Wlne. gals 94,400
Middlings, sks... SOj Brandy, gate 5,800
Hay, tons 17." ! Raisins, hM 1,640
Straw, tons 5 1 Sugar, sks 940
Hops, bales 1"7 Sugar, bbls 110
Wool, bales 65
OREGON.
; Oats, ctls 465' Hay, tons 20
i Bran, ska 88Oi
EASTERN.
} Alfalfa Seed, sks 200 1 >j
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There is no further change to report.
Wholesale rates from slaughterers to, dealers
are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6M>@6»ic: second qual
ity, 6c; third quality, 4%@5'/4c.
VEAL— Large, B@SHc: small, B@B%c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers, 7@7%c; Ewes, 6^@7c.
LAMB-Bffß%c per lb.
PORK— Live Hogs, 4c for large, 4'/4c for me
dium and 3>4@34c for small; stock Hogs. 2V4
@3c; dressed Hops. 6® 7c for prime.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were quiet and rather weaker.
The Occidental assessment falls delinquent in
beard and the Alpha and Seg. Belcher assess
ments in office to-morrow, and the Bullion de
linquent sale takes place also.
In local securities the only noteworthy change
was a decline in Hawaiian Commercial to
$49 75.
The stockholders of the Holmes Mining Com
pany of Candelaria, Nev., by a unanimous vote
of more than two-thirds of the capital stock,
have authorized the directors to create a
bonded indebtedness of $175,000. with which to
pay the existing: Indebtedness of the company
and provide funds for resuming work in the
mine. English capitalists have agreed to take
the bonds.
The 5 per cent bonds of the Northern Railway-
Company of California will pay the semi-annual
Interest of $2 50 per coupon on December 1. m
The tj per cent bonds of the Reno Water,
and Light Company will pay the semi-annuaf
Interest of $3 per coupon on December 1.
The Marina Mariseano Gold Mining Company
of .Shasta County has levied an assessment of 2
cents per share, delinquent December 24.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
SATURDAY, Nov. 26—12 m.
Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U. S. Bonds— S F O & E.... 85% Sb%
4s quar c0up. .112 11214 San Fran 2% 3%
4s quar reg. ..lll^lll^ Btockton Gas.. — li
4s quar new...127%128 Insurance —
3s quar coup. .losV* — Flrem's Fund. 2o9 —
Miscellaneous— Water Stocks—
Tal-st Cab 55. .115 117 Contra Costa.. 50M, 64>4
Cal El 6s 125 — MarSn Co 50 —
C C Wat 55....100T4 — ' Spring Valley. 101H101V4
Dup-st ex 0... — 88>4 Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65. .130 — Anglo-Cal 63Vi 64
F&CI Ry 65. 114 — Bank of Ca1. ..250 —
Geary-st R ss. — 100 Cal SD & T.. 98 100
HC & S 5>45.. — 103 First Nationl.2lo 215
L A LCo 6s. - 100 Lon P & A....132%135
Do gntd 65.. 100 1024 Mer Exchange — 16
Market-st 65... 123 — Nev Nat 8....175 178
Do Ist M 05.115 115% Savings Banks —
N C NGRy 73.U/S — Ocr S & L..1625 1635
N Ry Cal 65.. 113% — Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal us.. 105 — Mutual Sa.v. — 45
Nl*C R R 6s. 103 — S F Say L\. 495 —
NPC R R 55.1W%101 S& L 50.... — 100
N Cal R R ss. — — ISecurity S B 300 350
Oak Gas 55.... 109 — Union T Co. 1060 —
Om Ry 6s 126%12S Street Railroads—
P& Cl Ry 6s. 107^1074 California ....109 —
P&O 6s 112 — Geary 45 —
Powell-st 65... — 123 iMarket-st 56>4 —
Sac El Ry 55. 100 — Presidio 9 10
S F & N P Ss.HOV4IIO'/4' Powder—
SierraßCal 6s. lo4MosV California 135 I<s
SPof Ar 65. .1094,109% E Dynamite... 85 95
S P Cal 65... .111%— 'Giant Con Co. 57% 574
SPC Ueg 55. .101 — Vigorlt 2% 2%
BPBr 6s 1164 — I Miscellaneous—
S V Water 65. 119 1194>Al Pac Assn. .1034104
5 V Water 45. 1024 — , Ger 1A Wk5..160 —
6 V \Vls(3dm).loiH — 'Hana P C 0.... 17% 17%
Stktn Gas 65. .100 — |H C & S Co. 49% 50Vi
Gas & Electric— I Hutch S P Co. 64Vi —
Cent Gaslight. 105 — | Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Cent L & P.. 94 11*4 Oceanic S Co.. 61% —
Mutual El Co. 14 144 Pac A F A... 1% 2%
Oakland Gas.. 52 53% Pac C Bor C 0.106. 106 —
Pac Gac Imp.. 85 — i Par Paint Co. 7% —
Pac l co 47% m;i
Morning Session.
Board —
B0 Giant Powder Con 57 25
100 Hana Plantation Co 17 50
50 Oceanic S S Co 6150
30 Oceanic S S Co Gl 25
$3,000 S F & N P Ry bonds 110 37%
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 51 25
25 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 50 25
33S Hawaiian Commercial & Supar 50 00
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 49 75
$2000 Nor Ry of Cal 6 per cent b0nd5. ..114 00
20 S F Gas & Electric Co 85 50
lv B F Gas A Klectrfe Co 85 624
10 S F Gas & electric Co 85 75
90 Spring Valley Water 10125
100 Vigorit Powder 2 75
Street—
IS Hutchlnson S P Co 85 00
10 Spring Valley Water 10100
$10,000 S V 4 per cent bonds (3d mortge).lol 50
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
53 Market Street 66 00
40 Spring Valley Water 10100
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales In the San Fran«
Cisco Stock Board ye3terday:
Morning Session.
300 Andes 10 200 Occidental 6;
100 Best & Belcher.. 37 ;2ou Ophir 68
300 Chollar 261 100 Sierra Nevada.. 1 15
500 Con Cal & Va..l 30 400 Utah 15
500 Hale & Norcrs.l 40| I
Following were the sales In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
500 Belcher 25 3CO Hale & Norcrs..l 10
3'-> l>l<her 26 300 Hale & Norcrs..l 15
400 Best & Belcher. 18 200 Justice 22
700 Best & Belcher. 37 200 Justice 21
800 Best & Belcher. 36 200 Justice 20
200 Best & Belcher. 35 700 Ophir 68
500 Bullion Ofi 2W Ophir 66
400 Chollar 27 4W Potosl 15
600 Con Cal & Va.l 27<-,;40i) Savage 19
700 Con Cal & Va...l 30 200 Savage 20
200 Con Cat & Va...l 25,300 Union Con 2S
10 Confidence 68 1 7m Utah 15
200 Gould & Curry. 17 300 Utah 14
150 Gould & Curry. 16
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
SATURDAY. Nov. 26—12 m.
Bid.Afk. i Bid. Ask.
Alpha Con 06 07 Justice 21 23
Alta 13 15 Kentuck — 06
Andes 09 10 Lady Wash — 05
Belcher 25 27 Mexican 27 28
Bonton Con — 10 N Gould & C. — 10
Best & Belcher 35 36 Occidental 63 64
Bullion 03 06 Ophir 66 68
c.-ilrdnnla 25 26 Overman OG 06
Chollar 25 26 Potosi 15 16
Challenge Con. 18 20 Savage 18 19
Confidence — 65 Scorpion 03 05
Con Cal & Va.l 25 130 Seg Belcher.... — 05
Con Imperial.. 01 02 Sierra Nevada. 1101 15
Crown Point... 20 22 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — OS Syndicate 03 —
Eureka Con 30 — Standard 175 18")
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 26 2S
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Utah 15 16
Hale & Norcrs.l 15 125 Yellow Jacket. 19 20
Julia 01 02!
MINING STOCKS.
Highest prices of stocks during the week:
Name of Stock.
T. I W.
T.
I.
A l pha
Alta
Andes
Belcher
Best & Belcher
Bullion
Caledonia
Challenge
Chollar
Con. Cal & Va
Confidence
Crown Point
Gould & Curry
Hale & Norcross
Justice
Mexican
04 03 041
17 13 12j
10 09 10:
28 27 26....
40 38 381....
07 07 06 i
2S 23' 26 ....
21 IS 18 ....
27 26 251....
1 3,' 1 3r> 1 30 ....
70 1 69| 68,....
23 221 22 ....
21 IS! IS ....
1 20 1 151 l 30 ....
23 18] 17 ....
32 29| 28 ....
74 71| 69 ....
06 06 06 ....
59 60 64 ....
17 13 16 ....
M 2n 211....
1 75,1 7511 75i
1 25 1 20|l 15)....
34) 33| 30 ....
17 l«i 16....
S3 22| 21 ....
06| 06
12| 13
10J 10
271 26
3SJ 37
06 05
24 25
18 18
27 26
1 35 1 30
6S 65
21 21
IS! 17
1 45)1 40
2o 21
29| 28
70| 69
05 05
64 64
15 15
20 i 19
1 75 jl 75
1 2011 15
30! 2S
Ml 15
20| 19
Ophlr
Overman
Occidental
Potosl
Savage
Standard i
Sierra Nevada
Union
Utah
Yellow Jacket
GARNERED WISDOM.
In that world of books, the British
Museum library, thme are hundreds,
nay thousands, of volumes and manu
scripts which lay claim to possessing
rare interest, both to the antiquarian
and general reader; but it is doubtful
if any readers or students would ever
find it necessary in the course of their
investigation to consult the largest
book in the world, for it is written in
strange characters withal and most
sedulously guarded under lock and key
in the strongest of cases in the world
famed king's library section of the
museum.
It consists of 1150 volumes, the whole
constituting a Chinese dictionary,
which was compiled by imperial com
mission at Peking, and is dated 1726.
No one writer contributed the whole of
the words and definitions in this book,
but it was the work of many authors
for a number of years. The book was
purchased by the British Museum li
brary in 1878, and is a most valuable
acquisition to the long list of priceless
books in the possession of the British
Museum trustees.
THE CALL'S CALENDAR.
Mooa'it
j»v New Moon.
V*/ November IX
IS
23
17
M
31
STEAMERS TO ARRIVK.
Steamer.
JJurma iNanalmo i
Coos llay [Newport I.
Mlneola |Comoi i
Geo. W. Elder.. iPortland I
Umatllla [Victoria & Puget Sound,
Pomona I Huniholdt J
Navarro jYaquina Bay I
Areata Coos Bay ,
Leelanaw ; Seattle |
Corona jSan Diego I
San Hlas Panama
Ruth ITlllamook Bay
South Portland. Portland I
Ful t on : Portland '
Weeott ;Ya<iuina Bay |
Columbia , Portland j
Chas. Nelson... [Seattle I
Orizaba i Newport I
Ell Thompson.. Seattle
Wash tena w Tacoma i
Phllkat Humbotdt
Alliance Portland
Empire jCoos Bay
North Fork ; Humboldt
Santa Rosa San Diego
Queen [Victoria & Pu*et Sound
Hupeh |Chlna and Japan
Del Norte [Crescent city
StateCallfornla Portland
jNov.27
|Nov. 27
(Nov. 27
iNov. 2S
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
Nov. 2S
Nov. 28
Nov. 28
jNov. 29
! Nov. 29
I Nov. 29
Nov. 30
Nov. 3t>
Nov. 30
iDec. 1
I Dec. 1
| Dec. 1
;Dec. 1
Dec. 1
jDec. I
Dec. 1
Dec. 2
!Dec. 3
'Dec. 3
IDec. 3
i Dec. 8
iDec. 5
IDec. 6
STKAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer.
steamer, i j_>esiiHtiiiuii. 0a.113. I'ier.
Santa Rosa. San Diego Nov. 27, 11 am Pier 11
IWalla Wall Vie & Pgt Sd. Nov. 27. 10 am Pier 9
Chilkat Humboldt Nov. 27. 2 pm Pier It
City Sydney Panama Nov. 28, 12 m PMS9
Coos Bay... I Newport |N0v.29, 9 am Pier 11
Coptic China & Japan N0v.29, 1 pm PMS3
State of Call Portland ] Nov. 29, 10 am Pier 24
Cleveland . jPuset Sound.. N0v.29, 10 am Pier 2
Pomona Humboldt Nov. 30, 2 pm Pier 9
Moana Sydney Nov. 30, 10 pm Pier 7
Arcatn. | Coos Bay ! Nov. 30, 10 am Pier 13
Corona San Diego Dec. 1, 11 am Pier 11
Weeott Yaquina Bay. Dec. 1, 10 am, Pier 13
Umatllla .. Vie & Pgt Sd. Dec. 2. 10 am Pier 9
Orizaba .... (Newport Dec. 3, 9 am Pier 11
Columbia Portland Dec. 4, 10 am Pier 24
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrographic
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange, ia
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners, without regard to nationality and
free of expense.
Navigators are cordially Invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The time ball on the tower of the new Ferry
building, at the foot of Market street, is hoisted
about ten minutes before noon and dropped at
noon, 120 th meridian, by telegraphic signal re
ceived each day from the United States Signal
Observatory, Mare Island, Cal.
A notice stating whether the ball was dropped
on time or giving the error, if any. is published
In the morning papers the following day.
W. S. HUGHES.
Lieutenant, U. P, X., in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey-
Times and Hrlghts of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mirslnn-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
SUNDAY. NOVEMBER 27.
Sun rises '-91
Sun sets ••■• *J>*
Moon sets 6:3 ° ■- m -
O Time Tlmel Time Time
p Ft. ! Ft. Ft. Ft.
»L,W HW LW _ H W _
rf~ 350 2.9 10:04 6.9 5:13—0.8
HWLW H W L W
28 ... 0:23 4.3 4:29 3.1 10:39 5.8 8:52j— 0.8
29 111 4.3 6:09 3.3| 11:15 5-6 6:30—0.7
50 ".'. l! 58 4.4 6:52 3.3! 11:52 5.4 7:08:-0.6
1 241 4.4 6:37 3.41 12:29 5.1 7:44:-0.3
2 3 ! 22' 4 4 7:311 3.4j 1:06! 4.71 S:2O 0.1
3 [I! 4.5 l 8:321 3.4 l:50| 4.4| 8:58 0.4
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th»
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day the third time column the third tide
and the last or right hand column gives the
last tide of the day. pxcept when there are but
three tides as sometimes occur. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on the
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— > precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower low wafra.
TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office. U. S. N.. Mer
chants' Exchange. San Francisco. Cal.. No
vember 26, 1898. , „
The time ball was dropped two seconds too
late to-day on account of error in sending
signal from Mare Island °*t 9e £' a £££ HESf •
Lieutenant. U. S. N., in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Saturday, November X.
<stmr Homer. Jess-en. 46 hours from Coos Bay.
BtSr Del None. Allen, 33 hours from Cres
7rmr' Aioha, Jorgensen. 11 hours from Point
A £tS?r City Of Para. Zeeder, 31 days from Ma
nila via Nagasaki 22 days 6 hours. from
Stmr Greenwood. Fagenund. J5 hours from
Gr hip W °Amenca, Harding, 8 days from De-
P£ Schr e M(*nterey. Beck. 15 hours from Bowens
L nK Ida McKay, Johnson, 11 days from
Grays Harbor.
CLEARED.
Saturday, November 26.
Stmr Walla Walla, Wallace. Victoria and
Port Townsend: Goodall, Perkins & Co.
Br ship Port Patrick, McLellan. Cape Town;
°W % ha*l bark r Char!es W Morgan, Scullun, whal
ing voyage: J & W R WJngg.
Bktn Anda, De Lahe, Cape Town: Balfour,
°?chr John G North, Andersen, Honipu; Hind,
Rolph & Co. , -,-.
SAILED.
Saturday, November 26.
Stmr Empire, Nelson. Coos Bay.
CHARTERS.
The Eurasia loads mdse for Liverpool.
The Wlllscott loads sugar at Honolulu for
New York; Tlllle E Starbuck. sugar at Hilo
°The Riverside loads wheat at Tacoma for
The Riverside loads wheat at Tacoma for
■ The F S Clampa and General Neumayer load
when 'or Europe. 26s 3d.
The Peleus loads wheat for Europe, 255.
MISCELLANEOUS.
LONDON, Nov 25— A telegram from Guaya
quil states that schr J M Weathe-rwa:: from
F<rt Bragg grounded In river near port of des
tination.
SPOKEN.
Aug 22— 225, long 34 W, Ttr ship Scot
tish Hills, from Hamburg, for San Francisco.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
SEATTLE— Arrived Nov Stmr Excelsior,
hence Nov 22; stmr Ellhu Thomson, hence
Nov 20.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived Nov Schr
Okanogan, from Honolulu, for Port Gamble;
pchr Ethel Zane. from Kahulul, for Olympla
Bay.
Passed Nov 26— Schr Waweena, from New
port, for Seattle.
EUREKA— Nov 26— 3tmr Pomona,
hence Nov 25. ■
FOREIGN PORTS.
PANAMA— Arrived Nov 11— Stmr City of
Panama, hence Oct 19. Nov 12— Stmr Costa
Rica, from Champerico.
COLON— Sailed Nov 24— Stmr Advance, for
New York. ■ .
PANAMA— Nov Stmr Starbuck, for
Champerico. Nov 9 — Stmr San Bias, for San
Francisco.
CCQUIMBO— SaiIed Nov 23— Br ship Wallace
town, for San Francisco.
AUCKLAND— SaiIed Nov 26— Stmr Alameda,
for San Francisco, via Honolulu.
LONDON— Arrived Nov Ocr ship Parchim,
from Port Blakeley.
LIVERPOOL— Arrived Nov 26— brk France
fherle. hence June 23. ■
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From Nov. 10. 1833. trains will run as follows:
South-bound. North-bound.
Passen- Mixed. Mixed. Passen-
ger. Sunday Sunday | ger. .
Dally. Exc'ptd Station*. Exc'ptd Dally.
8:20 am 1 10 :30 am Stockton 3:45 pm 5:50 pm
10:10 am 2 :onpm Merced 12:40 pm 4:03 pm
11:40 am s:3opm Fresno 9:3oam 2:.>2pm
12:S8pm 7:45pm Hanford 7:45 am l:3opm
3:2opm 12:30 am Bakersneld 2:30 am 11 :2o am
12:5Spm 3:sopm Viaalla 6:4oam| l:l»paa
Stopping at intermediate points as required. .
Connections— Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Um-
pany, leaving San Francisco at 6 p. m. daily.
excepting Sunday, and Stockton at « p. m.
d Por '.tage connections see official time Mar'
or inquire at Traffic Manager's Office. 321 Mar-
ket street. San Francisco.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCFKIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausallto Ferry.)
Leave San Francisco, commencing Sunday.
Bept. 11, 1898: -„,"
Week Days— 9:3o a. m.. 1:45 p. ™.
Bundays-8:00. 10:00. 11:80 a. m., 1.15 p. m.
&& u oo n s d %nKK m M Ekl?l
•treet. San Ffandaco. - --•-—•-. 
. ■ ■ . . . . •■•:■■
BAXLEOAD TBAVEL. :\ .. j
WOUTIIKKK PACtm («)IPAJH,
(PACIFIC SYHTBM.) • ■ ': ' '•■■'•• - . •
Train* Irntc- i»«»«l !%■■<• «li»« to nrriv* it* . •
MAM ItlA.\4lS< «».. . • '.' "
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) ■ "; • - * "
iSAVB — Fbom Nov. 3, 1898. — . aßP.itb :
•6:OOa Nilee. San Jose and Way Stations... •8:43* \ -
7:00 a Krnicia, Suisun and Sacramento..-.. I©:4.>* •"
7rO«A MarysTille, Orovilleaud Heddiug »i»
Woodland • a«4.lp .
7:o©* Eiasira, Vncartlie and Rutnaey ; Bx43p 1
• 7:30 a Martinez, San Kamou.ValleJo, Nap*, . '
( :stlii>togii and Hantiv Koaa . 8:l3p
■ 8:OOa Atlantic Kxpress, (>g<leu and Knst.. 8:41.1?
: »ill«A San .lose, Htocktou. Valley Spring.
lone, Sacramento, M»ryii»lHß, - •'..
Chlco. Tehama and Ueil 1t1u1T.... . «HHp
A: SO A Stockton, Oakdale and Jamestown.. 7il3p.
•M:3Oa Milton ;............. •~Sl»r / .
•iOOa Marti!,.*, Tracy, LathruPt Merced •
and Fresno .....•...;...:..'.... I*:|3* r
•i*«A lTreeno, UaVer»aelil. SanU JJurliara. . ..-..- . .
: -*-. Log ADgeles. Deining, El Paso, . ' \ .- ■ • •
New Orleans and East • 6:45* . ;
Fresno, Mendot», Tracy and Mar- . - •••
ticer ........-■ - •- ' «t-13p .-
I*i«Oa Vallrjo. Martinez and Way Stations 7:451-
•IiOOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers "r :lll »f '
1 :OOr Niles. San Joae and Way Stations ... 1 1 :.l 5*5 * ,
. San Joee, Nilra and Way Stations... JU:IBa
S:O4>r Nils-., Tracy, Mendota, Hanford ami
Visalia ■• «•• • *:l9p
lilTerniore, San Joae, Nile* and Way „• • •
Stations .' tIOjISA
«i»OpMartiuex. Han Ramon, Vallejo, ;. _:; •
Napa, Callstoifn. Xl Verano and
SiuitH ltosa :» -»il»* ..
4iOOr Beuicia, Vacavllle, Woodland. :-.
Knight* l.itndiiiK. Marys*ille, Oro- :• .'
tIIIb and SHcrHiiiento :.. 1»:4»4 '■'■:•■
4iBOr Haywarda, Nilea and San J0ee.'..;... 7:49 a
B:*Op Martinez, Tr«oy, Meudota, Fresno," . ; - . '-'
Mojare, Santa ISarbara and lius ■ ° '
Angel** „• * : * 8 *
SiOOp Hants K« Route. Atlantic Kxpreia '
for Mojave and Kiwt .;.... 6:4B* '
; 53i00p "Pacific Coast Limited." El Paso,. • -.■. ■ ':
Fort Worth, Little Rock. St. y
Louis, Chicago aDd East.... ...i.. {OslSp
B:3Op Nllea, San Joxe. Tracy, l.attirop, . ;•■ \
Merced and Fresno .."....• ........ :
8:30p Stockton l«:15p
• :««!• Kuroiienii Mail. Ogdeii and Kasl.... 9:4^a
•«:OVr ValleJ< 1«:1.1P
J7j»«p Vallejo, Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions |»x4^p
St«Ot> Oregon KMiress,Nacr»!iieiit<>. Marys- , • *. .; '.
Tllle. Ueililliiß. Portland, fnget •-,..
I .Sound and Kant •" 8'">»
[ SIN LKAIfUUO A>l> lIAI'WAKDS IMCXU-. '■'.
(foot of Market Street.) ■'■- . i -
1 Melrif«t*, Seiuiitarjr Park, f ■ ■• ':
22«2 2 «2 A ntehlwr*, Klmfiuntf, -.J'.i^
.'J l HJ A San l.eandro. South Sa« 'IS:l'-i*
/iI.Soa Leandro, FAtadlllo, \^\\^
tl2:»«M ' Lorenzo, Cherrx ■ tii4Sr
»l:«0r nn<) JB:l>p :'.
3;o<)p Hut nurds. - (3:43 p.
7iOOp • Runs througlt to Nile*. .' 7s-l3p : .
) t From Nlles. I. • ; ..'• / -
COAST DIVISION (.Narrow Mauge). . '■:■''.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■ ■
SilOANevrark.CenterTille.SanJose.Felton, '~~~ r "
Boulder Creek, Santa and Way • ■-.
Stations :.. sjO»i
•SilOp Newark, CenterTiUe, San Jose. New ''•• • ..
Almaden. Felton, Boulder Creek,. •\; •
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations »JOs3O«
4:1.1 p Newark. San Jose and Los Gates... S:2oa .
f11:43p Hunters' Excursion, San Jose and ■-.-'
Way BUtions.... ftiZnt
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
frtm SIR /IUKCISCO— Foot of Market. Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00 a.m. (1:00 •3:00 t3:0l
•i:00 15:00 '6:00 r.u. .:;.,. !
| From OiIUKD— Foot of Broid way.— '6:oo 8:00 10:00 a. M,
112:00 *1:00 18:00 »3:00 tl:00 *B:oor.ii.. '
COAST VISION (Broad (tauge).
(Third and Townaend Sts.) •
I 7:0Oa Sau Joae and Way Stations (New
Almadeu Wednesdays only). 1:301
9iooa San Jose. Tres Pinos, Hanta Cruz, .
Pacific Giotsx Paso Rubles, Baa
liiiis Obiauo, Guadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4:1O|
IO:IO» San .lose and Way SUtions *8:<>«il
Il<3Ua San J<«e and Way Stations 8:33*
*2r43rSan Mateo, Redwood, Menio Park,
Palo Alto. Santa Clara, San Joint,
Oilroy. Holliater, Santa Crux. ' .
Salinas, Mouteiry and Pacltlo ' •
.' Gro»e M»:»«l
•3:SOp San Jose and Way Stations •»:«><>»
•■l:lsr San Jose and Principal Way Stations 8:45 i
•3:o©p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:»3j
3:30p San Jose and Principal Way Stations BtStq
H:»«p Ban Jose and Way Stations 7:8Oi
I fll;4»p San Jose and Way Stations 7:80|
A for Morning. P for Afternoon •
* Sundays excai>teil. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only .
T! Monday! and Thnraday3. |3atordayß and Wednesdayt
: CALIFORNIA NORTHWESTERN RY. CO.
LESSEE
! SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY. . • . '.
Tifcurou Ferry, Foot of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI* ■'■ [
WEEK DAYS— 0:00. 11.00 a. m.; 12:25, ..
8:30, 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip - .
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at I'M- ■
I and 11:30 p. m. •-^ —.- . ■ ■-.
SUNDAYS- 8:00, 8:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:30. 3:*). ' ■
6:00, 6:20 p. m. " J '■ " •
SAN RAFAEL. TO SAN FRAKCISCO. •' ••'
WEEK DAYS— €:IO, 7:50. 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:46.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip* at .
1:55 and 6:35 p. m. ' '■■. '■ .
I SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:1J a. m. ; 1:40. 1:40.
6:00. 6:26 p. m. \ •.:
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park :
I ■ame schedule as above. ' • ■■
Leave I Arrive .
I San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
October 14". : ■ ■
I Week Sun- IS9S. Sun- | Week .
I Days. days. Destination. da y a. Days.
7:3oam 8:00 am Novato, 10:40 am 8:40 am
S:3opm 9:3oam Petaluma. 6:lopm 10:25 am
6 :lopm j 6:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
Fulton, ■ "' '
I 7:10 am Windsor, 10:23 am .
Healdsburs, ' . •
Lytton,
G«yserville,
S:Jopml 8:00 am Cloverdale. 7:35 pm 6:22 pra -
Hopland and
7:30 am 8:00 am Uklah. 7:35pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 10:25 am
8:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm • . •
8:30 pm 6:22 pm-
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am .
and
' 6:10 pm s:oo pm Glen Ellen. 6:10 pm 6:22 pm .
7:3oam 8:00 am Sebastcpol. 10:40 ami 10:25 an*
I 1:30 pm 5:00 pm __ : 7:35pm 1 6:2.2 pm ■
I Stages connect at Santa. Rosa for Mark West .
Springs: at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey- .
Bervllle for Skaggs Springs; at Cloverdale for • '
the Geysers: at Hopland for Duncan Springs.: .
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, • Carlsbad
I Springs Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett ■•
1 Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga .
Springs, Blue Lakes. Laurel Dell Lake, Witter: '•
! Spring?. Upper Lake, Porno, Potter Valley.: •
; John Days. Riverside. Lierley's, RuckneU's.
Banhedrln Heights, HullvUle, Booneville, Orr'« : . .
Hot Springs. Mendocino City. Fort .Bragg. ;
Westport. Usal, Wlllltts, Laytonvlllw, • Cum-
mlng's. Bell's Springs. Harris. Olsens, Dyer. ..
< Scotia and Eureka, _; ', „ ;
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at : ■
I reduced rates. ■ „ .
On Sundays round trip tickets to all point* ;
| beyond San Rafael at half rates. -•..•.;•
Ticket Offices, 630 Market at.. Chronicle bid*. ;
H. C WHITING R - X. RYAN,.- •
General Manager. Gen. Pas». Agent.
California
Limited
Sao taTe Route
Connecting: Train Leaves San Fran-
cisco at SP. M. every SUNDAY. •
TUESDAY, FRIDAY.
Arrives in Chicago at 8:15 A. M. the
I following Thursday, Saturday
and Tuesday— Arriving: in New
York at 1:3O P. M.Friday. Sunday .
and Wednesday. i:;. Sl:;S l : ;
DINING CARS, BUFFET CAR. Ob-
servation Car and Electric
Lighted Sleeping Car.
This Train Is in Addition to the Daily
Overland Express.
SAfl FRANCISCO TICKET OFFICE— MARKEt ST, "
TELEPHONE MAIN 15SL .
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway. ; ...
Sacramento Office— 2ol J Street. " •• "
• San Jose Office— West Santa Clara St j
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
FROM SAN FRANCISCO TO MILL VALLEY •'
AND SAN RAFAEL. •
i WEEK DAYS— »7:2O, »9:30. 11:00 a. m.; 1:45. " '
I 3:45, 5:15, *6:00, 6:30 p. m. ...
! EXTRA TRIPS— San Rafael on Monday, •
1 Wednesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
i SUNDAYS— »S:00, '10:00. »ll:30 a. m.; litt^ '
i 1:00. *4:30, 6v15 p. m. •• ..
Trains marked ■ run to San Quentln. ; ' • ■
FROM SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:2S. »6:35, 7:45. »9:30 a. m.;
i •12:20,-2:20. •3:45, 5:05 p. m.
< EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays. Wednesday* .
and Saturdays at 6:40 p. m.
1 SUNDAYS— 6:2O. ■ «8:00, -.•10:00. *11:55 a., m.J •
1 •1:16, •3:10,-4:40, »6:20 p. m. . •
Trains marked • start from San Quentln.
FROM MILL VALLEY TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— S:4S. 6:45, 7:55. 9:40 a. m •
12:35, 2:45, 3:60, 5:20 p. m. '
EXTRA TRIPS on Mondays, Wednesday*
! and Saturdays at 7:00 p. m. .
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 10:05 a. m.: 12:05, 1:20. 3:20.
(:00, 6:20. p. m. ' • •
THROUGH TRAINS.-*;.
7:20 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way st&'ns.
1:45 p. m. Saturdays— Duncan Mills and way
•■■•: stations. - - -
i 8:00 a. m. Sunday ■— Duacan Mills aaa Jin *%*%, ■ALFRED AND
HIS CLARIBEL
. . PART I.
rT"-\RINCESS HELEN was very
j 1 beautiful and it was said that
|"— ' none other was as handsome as
V she, with the exception of Clari
•*■ ' bel, who was the daughter of a
poor farmer. So lovely was Claribel
that Princes and Knights went woo
ing her, and Princess Helen, who was
very jealous, grew angry. Clarlbel's
mother was dead and she was cared for
by her grandmother.
None of the Princes or Knights suited
the fancy of the grandmother, who
used to say that Claribel should marry
only the young King of the neighbor
ing country who was so rich that his
horses ate from gold mangers, and
whose servants were dressed in cloth
of gold.
One day the young Kin-, whose name
was Valiant, sent out Alfred, a mes
senger, to find for him the handsom
est of all Princesses for his wife. This
messenger saw the Princess Helen and
was speeding back to his royal master
with the news that Helen was the love
liest of all, when his. horse fell and he
was hurt badly. For many days he
lay upon a couch, racked by pain, at
tended by Claribel, for she saw him
when he fell and had him brought to
her grandmother's house.
Alfred soon fell in love with Clari
bel and she loved him. When the
grandmother learned this she locked
i laribel in a dungeon and sent Alfred
9 .pen his way with many angry words.
King Valiant married Princess Helen
and her ambition was satisfied, but she
had such a bad temper that she made
the King very unhappy. One day she
said to the Kijng that there was one
Claribel, who lived in the next country,
who was a witch. The King had Clar
ibel seized and brought before him, but
v. hen he saw her beauty he called to
Alfred to answer why he had not told
him that Claribel was so lovely.
"By my father's beard," quoth the
King, "she would ha" been mv wife
had I known. Strike off her shackles
and set aside for her a large, sum of
gold, that she. may return to her home
in peace and live no. more in poverty,
for she is no witch."
Princess Helen beard and her. face
turned crimson with wrath. Not many
clays after Claribo! had departed Helen
sent out spies- to find Claribel and cut
off her lovely golden hair, which was
her chief beauty. But the old grand
mother hMd hidden Claribe! in a cave
and so £ha aped. Alfred .heard <.f
her peril -sod,- finding where she- was
hidden, broke down the iron gate to
the cave and carried her away in
triumph to a priest's, where they were
married. Together they went before
King Valiant and asked his favor.
Princess Helen saw them and urged the
King tn punish Alfred for daring to
- take a wife outside of the kingdom,
which was against the law for all men
except the" King. Helen was still jeal
ous of Clarlbel's beauty.'
The King did not wish to be cruel,
but, while he was talking with Prin
cess Helen, the old grandmother of
ClarLbel: who had been following Al
fred and his bride, arrived at the Pal
ace and asked for audience with the
King. • . .
•""Know, O King," said the wicked old
woman, "that before Alfred returned to
tell you that Princess Helen was the
most beautiful of all. he had seen Clari
bel. He loved Claribel, whom I in
tended to offer as your bride, and Al
fred alone is at fault that she is not
your queen."
Then' was King Valiant angry, for
he saw clearly that not only was Clari
be] more. lovely than Helen, but that
she was amiable and kind, and he re
proached Alfred for lack of faith.
"But you shall have your Claribel,"
he said bitterly. "Henceforth You shall
dwell in a high and lonely castle with
her in the land of Giants. Never shall
either come forth from the castle alive."
Nor. . would he heed any appeal for
mercy. )':':-'.'
Alfred and Claribel were placed on a
. ship aS prisoners, and. after sailing
many days over a rough ocean, they
came .to- a rocky shore. Many miles
from' the shore stood the stone castle
In which they were to pass all their
day's .as prisoners. When the castle
gates were closed behind them huge
giants were placed at the gates for
, guards; that neither Alfred nor Claribel
might escape. .
"' They- were happy in their love after
• a time..- There- were flowers in the
garden, fish in the streams, game In
• the. forest and fruit of many kinds in
large orchards, and no one to disturb
them. They had enough to eat, and
in the • castle they found books and
games. But they were not permitted
to forget that' they were prisoners.
; Every day, just as the castle clock
struck the hour of noon, a giant called
through the gate at them in a loud
'voice that was like thunder:
: Neither in life,
:.v": .v" Neither in death,
... Shall ye go forth forever !
,So they began to fear that one
PUZZLE— FIND THE STONECUTTER'S CHILD.
From tho Beltlnw* Amtrietn.
BOYS` AND GIRLS` PAGE
might die and leave the other to drag
out existence miserably in solitude, to
old age. They grew sad with this
thought and Alfred planned, secretly,
to try to escape with Claribel, if pos
sible. Claribel first learned of this plan
when Alfred was asleep under a ban
yan tree. He talked aloud and Claribel
heard and she was so frightened that
she awoke him with her sobbing.
"Go not forth to sure death, my dear
Alfred," she pleaded. "If you were
dead I would die with grief. While we
are unhappy here, we are still together.
Let us remain and perhaps King Va
liant (will yet send for us, being sorry
for our sad fate."
Alfred did not believe that King Va
liant would repent and he would not
promise not to attempt to escape. Clar
ibel became so anxious that she would
not consent to have him leave her for
even a minute.
By and by the giants who guarded
the "gates began to think that King Va
liant would never send for his prisoners
and they demanded that Alfred should
open the gates and let them in. that
they might feast upon the fruit and the
fish and the game. Outside of the cas
tle vails the country was a barren wil
derness haunted by ferocious wild
beasts, who roamed over great pathless
masses of gldomy looking stone. The
giants had to battle daily with the
beasts for food and the cries of the
beasts, and the shouts of the giants
dreadful. Alfred turned a deaf
ear to the threats and requests of the
giants. But the new danger made him
hasten his preparations to go away.
First he made a tough yew bow and
many arrows, and tipped the arrows
with sharp barbs of fishbone. Then he
made a coat of furs and lined the in
side of the coat with pockets to carry
and drink for the journey; then he
picked herbs for medicines. When he
had made ready he told Claribel that
he would try to escape with her. See
ing that he was not to be dissuaded,
Ibel agreed to go with him.
''But how will you get past the
giants?" asked Claribel.
'To-morrow you shall see."
All that day Alfred busied himself
gathering fruits ;.nd the rarest flowers
and game and fish. Late into the night
the ovens of the castle roared, for Al
fred was making a great feast for the
giants. The tables fairly groaned with
weight of th<> good things that he
placed upon th^m : and when wreaths
of flowers, prepared by the dainty fln
gers of Claribel, were used to decorate
the banquet hall, and all the column*
were wound with greens and flowers,
and rare wines pparkled amid the nice
viands, it must be confessed that Al
fred and Claribel had provided well to
please the giants— for it was the pur
pose of Alfred to admit them to the
castle and to make friends of them, if
possible. He well knew that there was
gr^at risk in this: for the -iants, never
having had any friends, knew nothing
about friendship and they were even
more ferocious than the wild beasts
which roamed in the wilderness. But
Alfred had his plan prepared to repay
any treachery of which the giants
might be guilty.
When all was ready he requested
Claribel to dress in white and to place
a wreath of flowers upon her head, that
she might appear as beautiful as pos
sible. Then he caused her to stand at
the door of the castle to welcome the
giants when he should let them in.
"But, beware," he told Claribel, "do
not walk across the marble heart that is
inlaid in the floor of the banquet room.
I will act as the servant of the giants
and will wait at the table. Sit you only
in the chair that is covered with red.
Make no answer to anything that is
said: but make it appear, when any
question is asked you, that you are
dumb."
"Be sure, dear love," answered the
beautiful Claribel, "that I will do as
you have said, and I pray that the day
may not part us forever."
"Tut, tut, no tears," commanded Al
fred; "men do not like tears and your
beauty must be at its best to-day."
With that he went out and parleyed
with the giants, and they promised to
let him and Claribel go '— th freely.
(To be concluded next week.)
D. H. W.
TWO CHILDREN.
BY ETHEL MAUDE COLSON.
One day when the sun was shining
And the. sky was a perfect i.-ue,
A little maid walked in a valley,
Where a sweet wild violet grew.
And the little maid, sighing, whispered,
"Were I but a blossom wild."
While the violet breathed, with its sweet
perfume,
"Now if I were a little child!"
Then the winds laughed softly o'er them,
And the fern-fronds, waving, smiled,
For the child was a flower of nature
And the flower was God's little child!
"My Bister's takin' music lessons,"
said little Mamie to a neighboring play
mate, aged 4. "My sister's takin' sum
fin' on ze piano," replied the other, "but
I tan't tell whezzer it's moosic or type
writin'."
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1398.
QUEER STORY
OF THE OCEAN
By ALMAS S. BEMENDERFER.
WHEN Sam Parker disappear
ed from Clideville the older
people said he had run away
to see the world. His boy
friends thought him fortunate. But
this shows how little they really
knew about Sam. The fact is,
while out fishing one day he was
changed into a fish by a wicked fairy,
and after swimming about in the lim
pid waters of the Truckee he was
frozen into the ice, which was later cut
into blocks and sent to different places.
The one in which Sam was enclosed*
found its way to a coast steamer, where
the fish was cast overboard.
From this instant Sam's adventures
began. For when he came to look
around he knew he was in the Pacific
Ocean. It was a very different place
from Truckee River, and the swell was
so strong he was forced to swim quite
lively. Before he became accustomed
After School
BY CHARLES ELMER
UPTON - PLACERVILLE
TO the Future, strange and dark,
Doth Life' 3 river flow;
In its stream the goodly bark
Of the long ago.
Now to me in memory
Comes another shore.
Where the waves beat cheerily
On a day of yore.
Spirit of a vanished hour!
Thou art with me yet!
Fa<*ed through each early flower
I cannot forget!
I had closed the schoolroom door
When my task was done,
Feeling, while my work was o'er,
It had just begun.
As I walked with drooping head
Thinking of the day,
Two nmall pupils, running, said,
"Let us go and play."
Happy thought! my dreaming fled!
Clasping hand in hand
Forth we went, with airy tread,
To the river's strand.
Skipping, dancing, up and down
The merry children flew—
Mabel dear, with orbs of brown,
Blue-eyed Stella, too.
to this change he happened to swim
among some fish who made comments
upon his appearance; whereupon his
vanity was so touched, he declared he
was not a fish, but Sam Parker.
This caused the water to ripple and
the fish had to laugh. Hearing this a
large fish swam up and asked him to
desist, saying:
"If you ever were Sam Parker, you
are only a fish now. So do not excite
ridicule by boasting without founda-
Sam was so pleased with this logic
that he determined to make a friend of
the fish, and learning he was going to
the coast of Brazil, asked permission to
accompany him, which was granted.
By taking advantage of favorable
currents they were able to visit many
places of interest.
"The way to*manage," explained his
friend, "is to take time and be exact
about your bearings. Now I have actu
ally known fish who were so careless
they would get into currents that car
ried them quite out of their course,
and others who swam to such a depth
they could not live in any other wa
ters. Then again some fish like shal
low water. There is no accounting for
taste."
Sam being of a scientific turn found
much of interest. Taking advantage
of a chance to visit Manila, he swam
around Dewey's fleet and also explored
some of the narrow channels and la
goons. But hearing firing from the
shore, and narrowly escaping being
caught by Spanish fishermen, he left
for America, where the spell was
broken. These adventures being of
such an improbable nature, he has not
told his friends about them, and when
they ask him where he -went and what
happened to him, he only grins.
THE SECRET
FRANK KEPT
THERE was a crash that sounded
through the house, and mamma
ran to see what the matter was.
A moment later she reappeared
leading by the chubby little right
hand the pet of the family, little Frank,
aged 3. Tears were running down the
face of the curly-headed little prattler,
and there was a look in his bright eyes
that told that he knew he had been in
mischief. His white dress was streaked
with ugly black marks, and there were
suspicious stains of black upon both of
his hands. He was steered without de
lay, as the sailors might say, straight
for the washbowl. A little soap and
water took the black stains from his
hands, but left the dress marked up in
memory of his accident and his mis
chief.
"What were you doing, Frankie?"
asked the fond mamma,
"O-o-o-h, ink all spill and baby get
all black; dess all dir-r-r-ty."
"But what were you doing with the
ink?" persisted mamma.
"You love me, don't 00, mamma?"
"Yes, I love you, but tell mamma
what you were doing with the ink?"
"Won't do so any more, mamma."
"Sure you will leave the ink alone as
mamma told you?"
"Dcs, mamma, I'll be flood all the
EDITED BY
DAVID H. WALKER.
time."
"But what happened, Frank?"
"O-o-oh, big, big sing with ink fell all
over and ink all spilled and I'se sorry,
mamma."
"But what made you touch the ink
when mamma told you not to touch
it?"
"Das a secret, mamma."
"Who knows about it?"
"Sandy Caws and me.
"Were you writing a letter to Santa
Claus?"
"Dcs, mamma."
"And what did you want him to do?"
"Turn down ohimmy and bing sings,
trane, and lot— big, big lot canny, big
big dolly, cart, nice Ittie dum; Kismus
tee, big apple, nice new dess, new soos,
ail sose nice sings" (things).
"What do you want Santa Claus to
bring you?"
"Das a secret, mamma."
"And you will not tell any one what
you want except Santa Claus?"
"No, mamma."
"Well, I guess that you want Santa
Claus to come down the chimney and
bring you a train and a lot of candy
and a big dolly and a cart and a little
Swift I ran along the sand—
The children hurried after;
All around that sunny land
Rang the joyous laughter.
Roundabout I turn, and send
My pupils in a flurry;
Yet, before I may descend,
Off again they scurry.
"Ah! I have you now, at last!'"
"No, you axe mistaken !"
Four small arms are 'round me cast
I myself am taken.
Down they bore me to the ground.
Nor would I have risen;
It were pleasure to be bound
In so fair a prison!
Sitting there they prattled long
Of this and that grave(?) matter.
(Sweeter far than any song
Was that guileless chatter.)
But as thus the dear ones spoke
In their infant gladness
Surging thoughts within me broke
Like a wave of sadness.
And 1 said in careless way,
"I go home to-nwrrow."
O'er those faces bright and gay
Came a cloud of sorrow.
drum and a Christmas tree, a big apple
and a nice rfew dress and a pair of new
shoes and some more nice things."
"Dcs, mamma."
But all the day long, until the curly
head went to his daily nap, he would
stop at times and say that his letter to
Santa Claus was a "secret," and he
would not tell any one, not even
mamma, what Santa Claus was going
to bring him; no, he wouldn't even tell
mamma.
AN ODD PRESENT.
BY MARGARET BYRNE.
ON Rebecca's ninth birthday her
aunt Rebecca gave her a present.
I think you would never guess
what it was, so I will tell you.
It was yarn, woolen yarn enough
to knit a pair of stockings. This was a
nice gift, as you see, and not so queer
as you may suppose, for it was eighty
years ago that Rebecca got this yarn
and enough of it to knit a pair of stock-
Ings was a fine present for those times.
Perhaps her aunt Rebecca spun the
yarn on the great spinning wheel they
had in those days. Now, Rebecca knew
how to knit, and with this yarn she
would knit a pair of stockings to sell,
and not for one of the family to wear.
Sale stockings must be knit very
strong, and Rebecca knit every stitch
herself, even to the heels and the nar
rowing of the toes. When they were
done the captain of a packet, who was
a friend of theirs, took them and sold
them for one dollar.
Rebecca was very proud when the
captain brought back the dollar and
gave it to her. Then the question
arose what she should do with the dol- ,
lar. Should she buy something to wear
or something good to eat, or would she
put it in the bank to grow? Rebecca
thought it over and talked about it.
One person would say do this and an
other do that.
Her uncle finally suggested a plan,
which was that she should buy a lamb
and then she would have wool of her
own, and after a while a big flock of
sheep. Rebecca liked this plan and
bought a lamb. The next year she
bought another, and in a few years she
had a flork of thirty sheep. They were
all great pets and very fond of Rebecca.
When she went to the field and called
them they would come running to her,
and even the little lambs would crowd
around her. Was it not a fine birthday
gift from which a flock of thirty sheep
could grow?
MY UNCLE FRANK.
By LAF SMITH
SAN FRANCISCO.
ONE rainy day Uncle Frank told
us a Btory. "I was on a gun
boat in the Mississippi River
during the Civil War," he said,
with Confederates all around us. There
uas a high levee along the bank, and
they got behind that to shpot at us.
One day my cousin Archie and I went
to burn up one of their houses. We left
a boat at the bank and started for the
house.
"I left Archie behind a tree and crept
forward alone. I found that there were
about one hundred men in it. Just as
I was about to light a match one of
the men came out. I shot at him and
then ran toward the boat with all the
other men following me. I barely es
caped and had tf leave Archie behind.
Stella paid, "You shall not go!"
With her lips a-fjulver;
Mabel, turning, murmured low
To the heedless river,
Saying faintly, "If you stay
We will tease you never;
On the bill, in happy play,
We can run forever!"
Pearest child! T could not speak,
But I gently kissed her,
Then I kissed the rosy cheek
Of her loving sister.
When at last I needs must start.
My departure takirtg,
Well T know each tender heart
Swelled to almost breaking.
And alas! I walk to-day
Lone and sorrow laden;
'Mid the mountains far away
Dwells each little maiden.
What to me Ambition's call!
What the sordid gold!
Gladly would I give my all
For one song of old!
Take thy harp, O elf of Time!
Sound the chords of yore!
Let that dulret music chime
With my heart once more!
He ran to the house, after they had all
gone. He set fire to the building and
then went on to the river, and there
found two Confederates who were try
ing to take the mail across. He cap
tured the mail and the boat; and that
was the last of that adventure."
Papa — You saw that big boy whipping
the little one, and you didn't interfere?
Suppose you had been that little boy?
Bobbie — I did think of that, an' was
gome; to part 'em, but then I happened
to think s'pose I was that big boy? So
I left 'em alone.
"Don't you think you have a goo.l
mamma to spread such nice, large
slices of broad with jam for you?"
asked little Ethel's grandma. "Oh, I
don't know," replied the little miss.
"She'd be a heap sight gooder if she'd
let me spread the jam myself."
A CAY NIGHT AT STOW LAKE.
MOONLIGHT upon Stow Lake at
Golden Gate Park. Moonlight
upon the fair surface of the Pa
cific Ocean, which, seen in the
distance, is bright as a great
shield of silver thrown down to reflect
the star-sprinkled sky. It Is quite late
and the last merry boating party has
gone home and the lake is deserted.
Deserted? What is that which attracts
the attention of Mr. Ohnimus, the
keeper of the boats? There is a reach
of water on either hand as he stands
and gazes over the lake. To the left,
as he faces toward the south, there is
dimly seen an arched bridge not very
far away. From the shadows that
cluster thickly around the bridge slow
ly there emerges something white and
glimmering, and at the same time the
lake boatman hears the measured
cadence of oars.
Looking about the float that fronts
the boathouse, Mr. Ohnimus counts his
boats and finds that none are missing.
Whose boat, then, is this and how did
it ever get upon Stow Lake without
his knowledge or consent? A thought
Hashes over him that the ' Park Com
missioners will inquire into this. Be
fore he can have a second thought upon
the subject he hears the sweetest music
that has ever pleased his ears. Stand
ing and listening he hears gay laughter,
ut out these five pieces and arrange them in the form of a Maltese cross.
which indicates that another boat of
mysterious origin is coming from the
opposite direction. Another and an
other — and now it is clear to him that
at least a score of boats are upon the
lake.
The first of the number is now near
the float, and in another minute the oc
cupants of it are ready to land. They
are the queerest people that ever have
been seen in the park. First there
stepped ashore a little girl who led by a
long blue ribbon a snowy lamb, which
bleats with evident joy, now that its
voyage is over.
"Let it go, Mary," says a gentle
voice, and before the boatman can in
terfere the lamb is nipping the well
kept turf about the margin of the lake.
"Ha, ha, ha," sounds a faint little
voice.
The next instant the air vibrates to
the sound of a silvery horn. At this the
lamb looks up a little bit alarmed, but
when it notices that the owner of the
horn is a very small and sleepy lad,
who is dressed in blue, it goes to eating
once more.
"Wake up, wake up, Little Boy Blue!"
calls out a later arrival, who wears a
hood of red, and who is known at once
as Red Riding Hood. She looks cau
tiously about to make sure that there
are no wolves in the park; then she
gives her attention to a dainty little
lady who is just alighting from a beau
tiful little carriage that has come un
noticed along the carriage drive to the
edge of the boathouse. As she steps to
the ground, being assisted by a brave
little prince, whose raiment is glisten
ing with diamonds and other rare gems,
a moonbeam touches her dainty slip
pers, and behold, they are of glass!
Cinderella stands there truly.
THE TALK O/="
THE GARDEN.
SOME trees and plants were one
day having a little talk together,
and telling their experiences. The
chestnut tree, which was the larg
est and oldest, said:
"Little did I think I should live to
grow so large and wave my branches
over the heads of boys and girls as they
gathered my fruit in the autumn, for
while I was still a green chestnut in
my prickly burr squirrels tried to pry
into my house; but the prickles were so
sharp they gave up in despair. Soon
Jack Frost came and I rattled onto the
ground. Then I expected to be picked
up and roasted, but winter found me
still lying there. The snow kept me
warm until spring; then it began to
rain, and I swelled up so my outer coat
burst and my little stem appeared. It
looked like a tail. I had kept it hidden
in my shell during the cold weather.
How glad I was when some boys picked
me up and planted me. The soil was
just what I needed to make me grow,
and here I am, a great big tree."
The cherry tree standing near said:
"I was afraid I never should live to
grow into a ripe cherry. At first I
was as green and unpalatable as you
can imagine. The robins and cedar
birds flew into my tree every day, they
were so impatient for me to ripen. The
robin pecked at me, but I was so green
and bitter that he flew away and
stayed until I was red and juicy. Then
I did not care If he did have a good
meal of me, for I knew I could grow
What is that queer-looking thing
that is cominp down out of the
Bky? Now it is like a speck; speedily
it grows larger; now it is clearly made
out to be an old woman who is riding
a broom through the air.
"Would have been here sooner, my
dears," said the old woman, in a crack
ed voice, "but the fact is that the cob
webs on the sky stick uncommonly
tight this season and I could not come,
until I had the sky spick and span."
Up the hill toiled another old woman,
leaning upon a staff. Her face was so
full of kindness that at once it was evi
dent that this was no other than Qld
Mother Hubbard. She carried her "poor
dog" in her arms and put him down
tenderly upon the grass while she went
into the boathouse to see if she could
not find him p ' one there.
The boats came faster arm faster, un
til all the landing, space of the float
would surely be needed to give aceorn
modation to all the unexpected visitors
to Stow Lake. There was a brave lit
tle man, whom all the others named
with respect, as he was Jack the Giant
Killer. Another was a boy, who had
a vine planted beside the boathouse in
a jiffy. This vine grew straight up
ward, and at such a prodigious rate
that Jack of the Bean Stalk, for it was
he, was soon out of sight, climbing up
it Little Boy Blue had to .be
awakened to blow his horn three times
before Jack would come down to join
the others in their merrymaking. -
One old woman — the one who used to
live in a shoe. and. had so many chil
dren that she didn't know what to do
—came in a boat that nearly sank while
crossing the lake, her crowd of chil
dren filling it so full that it was very
hard work for the old woman to find
room to move the oars enough to row.
Prety soon the entire queer party
surrounded the boatman and clasping
hands, danced around him and sang all
about "Lon-on bridge is falling down."
and followed this up with '.'Ring a
round a-rosy, pocket full of posy" and
when they came to the part where "all
fall down," down they plumped, so
cunning and so charming that the
boatman could not but shout "bravo"
in sign of approval.
That was the very worst thing that
he could do. The whole throng van
ished like magic and he saw them no
more.
But this was not the end of the mat
ter. Several days later, still puzzled
over what he had seen and not quite
sure but that he had been dreaming,
Mr. Ohnimus walked to the top of
Strawberry Hill. Something thr.t glis
tened in the grass beside the path
caught his watchful eyes. He bent over
and picke#>. it up: and what do jfoti
think it wa-? Why. it was a pi> ■
giass, shaped just like the toe of .(hi?
smallest and daintiest slipper imagin
able. Now if that was not a piece of
the glass slipper of Cinderella, dropped
during her flight from the lak«i. vvhat
was it? That is a question whir' the
children must answer, for I confess
that it is too hard for me.
just as well if he did. He could not
pry open my hard stone, and you kno\v
my stem and leaves were hidden in
there. One of the boys carried me to
the orchard just as I was sprouting
and planted me beside you."
Just then a tomato plant called over
the fence: "I never expected to grow
up either, for while I was still in a
green tomato a chicken came along and
began picking at the tomato. She ate
up some of my mates, but there were
so many of us she did not get to me.
The tomato ripened just the same and
was carried into the house, but was so
badly pecked that it would not do for
the table. The kind lady took us seeds
out and laid us away until spring. It
was fortunate that we were not left
on the ground as you w r ere, wasn't it?
for we had no strong covering like you
to protect us from the birds and the
weather."
THE YOUNC JOKERS.
After the Correction: Papa — Now,
Johnny, I have whipped you only for
your own good. I believe I have only
done my duty. Tell me truly, what do.
you think yourself?
Johnny — If I should tell you what I
think you'd give me another whipping.
Mamma — Johnny, see that you give
Ethel the lion's share of that orange.
Johnny — Yes, ma.
Ethel — Mamma, he hasn't given me
any.
Johnny— Well, that's all right. Llona
don't eat oranges.— Tit-Bits.
3132
V -./; NEW ADVERTISEMENTS FOB HOLIDAY TOYS, DRY GOODS, MIIiLJ^RY^jFTJRS, FANCY GOODS, BOOKS^ETO _____~--~~~~~~~~~~ — ~ —
r«« lu?t got home from a trip to Rome T stayed at Omaha to se«. their big fair, I'm so pleased to settl* down and get rested. There's bloody Mary face to face with good There's tinsel and ornaments for the Xmas At Hale's they've given me a royal wel- |
Slap banp. gee wh!«. I'm In Frisco again. And t he strange wild* of Tlmbuetoo; But I much preferred to breathe California air. For the strength of my back ha» been awfully Queen Bess, tree. .;,.;• ' come. • comforts of H
Just got into Hale's big store on the over- £» hean l such songs as -Home Sweet Home" Now from every home lam prepared to hear tested- There's a horse blanket for Ned and a Noah's - There's long big stockings to lay in wait for home- ' H
land train! An( , 'bonny sailors sing "Heigh, My Lads, How ail the little boys and girls have acted ' ._.„,__., _. . nd lo]t _,., on __ ark for Tess. me: -^V-.V- ' SBsMSK:' There's quarters just fitted up for me; ■ H
I'm «lad to have passed snow-capped ,l, le uho"- through the year: Toys . galore " mother m* and jolted on my Under my arm are dolls from every clime My poor shoulders ached with loads of dolls Oh! re s arm and cozy, and a room just H
I've been to Merrie England. Xmas day there is For those who've not been naughty, nor parent* Back; ■ ;• ._-,.. For dear , Itt]e orphans to have a good time; dressed; full of candy. 1
Shasta, >■ 101 , ' caused to rriove. The demon acted queer and Marguerite tried to Doll houses and tool chests, bob sleds and pa- Enough to please the hospital matron and make' Come and see me— you. your sister, latner. 3
It's tip appeared white as Paris plaster; .,,,, * .„,(„,; plum pudding and roast beef. lam happy in their stockings a toy for to smack; trol wagons. her feel blessed; - mot : , , nrryo tnn with somebody 3
Through the ice sheds we rushed I tell you; *»£ stewing P - { hobnobbed with the Jap. Buckboards and tin soldiers are fighting the Boota. wd. I should smi^e .one upon another G Sf 8e s t^ th r: CO f me ' to °' WUh ""'^ 1
I «nd the toys which Hale's will sell you; rv 7 explored the fro ten regions of the North- But for those of whom your pa and ma give aTh Bchoolma6ter hlmself wore tne foorg ca J' dragons; «j Tucker-f Brother"? H °° d V 1V 11 * T ° mmy I couldn't mean it stronger-if I- say. it I
Rushing with a will for I think of the sales Zone _ bad report „"-,..,» ,^. * .i. The Greek and th« Turk linked arms as friend. There ' s a cupboard for Mary filled with dishes pictures of the old lady who lived in a shoe. fifty times o'er.  ,^ on . Santa 1
v. tOT . will create at the big store of Hunted the Real and walrus; and th» Esqui- They can't go out and visit Hale's and see the ne Greek and the Turk linked arms as friends, And a 8 album for Tommy with • Hale's Had pecks of trouble and more work than she Come, and see your old friend. Santa g
My toy« will create at me v* •> mv™ I'w known. Xmaa «port. Joan of Arc wears ribbons of wondrous blends. best wishes. could really do. • » Claus, at Hale's big store. • • 1
to-morrow, Monday, we open our Christmas Holiday trade : open it with good toys, that is, knockabout CPe-.flifi (sweetly pretty) I
SCC (the cunningly pretty) toys: toys that will stand nursery usage; we show a magnificent line of dolls, dressed .and undressed; SCC ■ lIIC .. j
doll fnwti! books, a thousand and one, amusing and instructive; Santa Glaus arrived, is Santa Claus revived, happy- HflCll IlOlISe! I
UOII IUWIIt go-lucky as ever and just as sweet ; rich, new silks and a new dark room to try the night effect on them. • and her *, s where |
dolls' buggies. &■/-<■ 7 & q and here s where
with fancy reed and »it* °1J 1"B /^ r> 11 Aft A a ' J\ Hale's save Fath- Q
Jbo°d°y <F£Ts£i millinery. YIPW ISIPkPiQ PIHSIIrC ponoc Tll'PC ££%**. " ' Cf "' w\ er ' s and Mother 1
Sfeels. probably in no department have lit/ W I CLUJVC LOy 1/IUdJtVO, KjCLUKjO) 1 111 O- .^^jt v r A rtf QM&s> money in game, |
<K1 Ofl Hale's made such a striking success as <J . / ± 7 jarUS 01 . .a n . flfffpri i^: g
v SIUUI |in millinery— and copied; pat- latest black melton cloth Jacket, great ladies' tight fitting all wool cheviot -, ladies' black Kj^LJUsdvC •< 1 j4\\%Ji H
dell hue-ev 20- tern hats are always on view, and your value at the price, heavy and warm;  ... . J M _ and navy yLßftp YAV riDDOII. 'vft/Vs) ones and we are i
inch wSSTbody. taste can be embod^ed^th that of jugt jacket . for these coW plercing suit, silk rhadame lined, two -dart, In *?™ 7 Jack- &$? A^\ IIU^ U yards a 1 1 Val ' going to give you I
8-inch steel wheels, XT nights, lined with fancy green striped front, skirt percaline lined, bound with JEBiito^rW^jism £tra?ed 7JI V \ V ' re silk double if \ \ a n inducement' on" i
-^n^ />" > n A lining, box front, storm collar, four , , Wm%ilK. lv . l ate ii' n^ AY- U \ \\ f^ce cord ed^e satin // M ' an inducement on ra
buttons, good fitting, sizes 32 to 42. velvet, colors navy and black, sizes 32 *G%W9' ?hrou Jut vJ \\ rfbbon^exSa heavy </ i} each: _^ 1
/i gr— -^ V y^^. .rv — r to 4 *« @< A J«X=r££rai tailor-made. \T J) quality in all the ;;<;-; "'"Vo. S
girls' tricA-cle with ( f aA^MI -A GS.+P Qs[ 7TAII trTP velvet col- \k • newest and leading Nellie Bly or Louisa f»Oc ||
* ' c- > ik > vJ^S^V-fiS^, < A tp^»»t/O» CIA An §if >*" lar, very shades: Chess India ROc
22-inch wheel $.>."<> Wjtfi»?«3^r 7^Y\ =^ffl '' tp!U«UU» " V J<34 jaunty and XT _ XT a „ 1(? Fish Pond 4."> c ||
SSiJSS U.™ ,ad leS - are *«««- 1,»,»y ?? r S e. JaAjly,. *«* M«° IOC 5 ' NISO.N 15O. 2Oe"' SXWieV^rSra.d BoV.:^ I
18-inch vneei spo. ?/ ■ > Spanish flounce, trimmed with three Just In, 87 tailor made ladies' covert ifl^QH^iHfiß x> on JA v on Lotto, 35c; Tiddledy Winks...lOc H
S»».C^^ J rows satin ribbon, percaline lined, vel- ' ffi^Rnl^niKNiPilPf SilO No. 22 No. 40. No. SO. Derby Steeple Chase 25c ||
Magic Lantern— J*i ."^ £jT vet bound, all lengths. cloth suits, heavy weight, in worsted J^HSl^^S^H'K IVF » 25c. aOc. 40c. Visit Santa Claus 25c E
14% 13% 13 11 Inch iliF v £ Jr\ <&a aa • material and ford cloth, latest cut- ' J||^pS#!iili ;/|H ladies' black a ISO : SirvaS^nkS 1 ::::::::::::::::^ I
*2 ?i.25 .si 75c each jffl^f Z M away shape. ti.ht fitting, box front and ' W^||l||fl J^ st™ jgo /-^oVSn^ffin, ff Is S!& SSSS^S^"::::::::::::::.'^ I
Brums (bra^s finish)- W^O^ fancy plush cape . Thibet fur all breasted, Jacket and slaves lined tiff \ \ 'tf / *%£ 3 SVa^shaiS 11 P^d Coddle,^ Authors. J.M^ 1
13 12 11 Inches ('[Qk^s round, silk lined, handsomely embroid- throughout, full tailored skirt, sizes 34 | W&\ Jm^} ~>^F throughout. No. 5. No. 7 No. 9. No. 12. Checker Board lOc p
OOc 80c each A]S& nT" ed in braid and beads, 20 inches deep, to 40p |v sOf ,17, 17 Bo| 21 50 to W^/M&-.l "slee^v^rnan 5c * ° C * 8 1 - 3e * 1Oc ' Pyramid Blocks. 20c to OOc|
10 9 8 inches % \^W 105 inch sweep. . W^^^^R tailored, box No 16 No. 22. No. «40. tt + . ■ ■ |
7Oc COe 40c each Parislan crea^ rs fnd a swell hat is the $4.95. SSO.OO. 2&L**PW3| gont. jH 18 i. 2e , 15c. 2Oc. /Jrj||C |
result, and at reasonable prices, too— " I|WUI , V*#VT»VF\/» known as Hale's $5 jacket... •P* s UUIIO g
Tubephone— Hale's prices; over thirty hands con- I HrPCC irAA/1c JlllH iifiifiOTC Kesner Kid body dolls bisaue H
IB 12 10 6 notes | stantly at work in the millinery. Xl^l^l 1111X13 1« | 01655 gOOflb 000 llflingi. he^^^Sj 5' bisque |
91 75c 50c 25c each £«--„ WAAi |« I 3111 ft Pi 1011 l S SllT^ftJirlS nl3nKftTQl Tl 3 11 11 ft I Q One case new black silk crepons, new eyes, shoes and stockings: |
tanCy gOOfIS. LCbfJIKS \JLKJIjLIO 9 O^JL V^CtVlO 9 UICtIIIV^LO 9 llCtllllC'lO* designs. 42 inches wide. 23 inches. 21 inches. 17 inches. I
Toy pianos (white enamel)— the Admiral front with stock collar, damask tablecloths, bleached, all pure full size silkoline comforters, silko- Cgs 100 pair tan col- $l*00« *"" §I.*>O §1.00 ||
1S 19 g notes made of Japanese silk and trimmed linen, border all round. line covered, wool knotted, white cot- CjC^Sfc^SsA--> ore cotton blan- 16 inches 14 inches. 11% inches. tl
«-« or cii "A«» nrh with butter-color Valenciennes lace, col- ton filled, each oJ3yE=7 " kets, nice and black figured soleil best English 'Hie. 50c. 25c. |i
!?1 ' Jo * l °° C eaCn ors black cream, red. pink, blue, pur- 2 yds. 2% yds. 3 yds. long SI. 25 fleecy, nice for mak e> extra heavy, 42 inches wide, rag doll, all cloth, completely I
pie, lavender, *1.25 91.50 §2.00 each Vi^w jy- '£ J>Yxk cc l S ♦ Or On ng small and medium designs. dressed, and sun bonnet, can be I
Man-of-War— $1,545. 10 bales crib comforters, size 36x48 \~ ifT^^,\ \\ blankets, 10-4 size, robed and disi ,bed, 12^ inches.oOc I
33 26 18 inches lace jabot with stock collar, 24 inch napkins to match.... §l.Ss doz inches pretty designs, silkoline cover- .'^ -\ \ \ per pair 5>1,U11. dressed Jointed doll, bisque head. I
SI fiOc o- f . each 98c . ing, white cotton filled, each &, X[ \\ 50C. . , poke bonnet, shoes and stockings, i
• •>x OUC —>c eacn «/oc. better grade tablecloths, fine damask, >^,-; 60C. Pn%^T I V new black serges, extra heavy, strict- flowing hair. 11 inche5.......... 25c I
four-in-hand stocks of Japanese silk bleached, all pure linen, pure white. • vrvrw# lUr^s&^il —^ 50 pair baby blan lv all wool, 45 Inches wide. •".-■ V |
dolls' trunks- . and trimmed with silk lace. border all round: 3700 yards cotton eiderdown flannels, : . *s*i kets, fine wool, pink Kf\ c t> | I
, ..- 16 14 12 inches Ol.^O. Wyds 3yda 3Vi yds. long heavy quality, in a variety of patterns, 'tss^ and blue borders, a " w# 1100 8 C% I
' «1 Op /--,„ _._ h . full fronts with stock collars of silk. J|£ yds - 00 y *l . -oi" * medium colors, suitable for heavy silk bound. R/UUIVO • J
i §1 OOc .oc each liberty and chiffon, in an endless va- §3.00 §3.75 §4.20 each wrappers, per yard size 32x42, pair «1.50 new taffeta silks in plain colors. 19 I
V.- •'• riety, 51. 25 to : ; ■. ::^ : ;- lA r size 36x48, pair .53. 25 inches wide, all silk. In paper or board covers; a great J
toy dishes— ' err nn white marseilles bedspreads, full size, • IUWi size 42x56, pair 94. 50" *7(\r variety; these are a few of them: 1
■ nn „ . _, «PO.UU. . hemmed, ready for use. 50 pieces all wool flannel, dark colors. 300 pair white all wool blankets on Aunt Virginia, One Syllable, |
,-.-•• 22 20 15 pieces ostrich feather boas and collarettes stripes and plaids. sale this week 64 82 Tair - :^'" ; " ,V . v. .1 ny Mother Goose, Cinderella Series 1
• -^2.25 91 50c set of long glossy black feathers- 95C. . Q«iC weeK baiJ pair new black taffeta. 19 inches, all silk. (several)> History of the U. S., 1
18 27 36 45 inches «*OV» 00(0. ' j-a- Chatterbox, Oliver Optic's Annual, 5
.' . «3 86 §8 814 up (now's the time when Hale's is handy.) (whole families buy here.) - (The store mother likes ) OUC» ABC Objects, Kriss Kringle, 3
iron stoves— . "*" » - •' Home Primer, Four-Footed Friends, |
£%> 9 " send your mail orders in at once, Hale's, 937, 939, 941, 943, 945, 947 Market Street. TSSJfSFski BC - Llt -|
SERVICES TO BE HELD THIS DAY AT THE CITY CHURCHES.
: . E. A.
," with prelude on
"Phil-
lppines."
Emmanuel Baptist, Bartlett street, near
Twenty-third— Rev. J. G. Gibson.
Morning — "Ye Sorrowed to Repentance."
. Evening — "Almost Persuaded."
Hamilton Square Baptist, Post street, near
Steiner— Rev. W. C. Jenkins.
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Evening
; — Thanksgiving sermon.
St Agnes Church, Masonic avenue, between
Page and Oak streets— Rev. William P.
Kirby. •
Morning — High mass and sermon.
j ing — Vespers and benediction.
Even-
St Charles Borromeo, Eighteenth and Shot-
well streets— Father P. J. Cummins.
Morning — High mass and sermon by one
of the priests of the community. Evening
— Sermon and vespers.
Bt. Brendan' 8. Fremont
streets— Father Nugent.
and
Harrison
Morning— IliKh mass and sermon.
\ ing — Vespers.
Even-
Bt. Brigids, Van Ness avenue and Broad-
way — Father Cottle.
I Morning— Sermon on the Gospel. Evening
— Sermon, vespers and benediction.
Church of Corpus Chrlstl, Alemany and
Croke streets— :sa.lesian Fathers.
i Morning— High mass and sermon by Father
; Casslni. Evening — 4 o'clock, vespers, ser-
i mon and benediction.
Bt. Charles. Twenty-fourth and Shotwell
etreets— Father Cummlngs.
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
Ing— Vespers and sermon.
St. Dominic's, Bush and
Rev. Pius Murphy.
lorning — Higl
Ing — Rosary
the Virgin.
;h mass at 11 o'clock. Even-
and procession in honor of
St. Francis, Vallejo street and Montgomery
avenue — Father Carraher.
Morning—Special services at the 7:30 mass
by the Gentlemen's Sodality of St. Fran-
cis, In commemoration of the anniversary
of their organization.
i
*££'?> ■■
'.-4- '.' : '■
.All Hallows. Sixteenth avenue and N street
—Rev. D. O. Sullivan.
\ Morning— High mass and sermon on the
j Gospel of the day. Evening— Vespers.
Bt. Ignatius, Van Ness avenue and Hayes
istreet — Jesuit Fathers.
Morning— Sermon at high mass by the Rev.
Vincent Chiappa, S. J. Evening— "The
J'' ■;>*■ and Anglican Orders," by Rev. Hen-
ry Woods, S. .1.
Bt. James, Twenty-third and
etreets— Father P. R. Lynch.
Guerrero I
Morning — High mass and sermon by one of
the priests of the parish. Evening— Ves-
pers, benediction and a sermon.
• St. Joseph's, Tenth street, near Howard—;
Father P. Scanlan.
Morning— High mass and sermon on the
Gospel of the day. Evening — Vespers.
St. Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue and|
O'Farrell street— Rev. J. J. Prendergatt, ;
V. G.
Morning— Sermon at the 11 o'clock mass by
Rev. E. P. Dempsey. Evening— Sermon at
! vespers by Rev. J. B. Hannlgan.
Bt. Mary's Church. California and Dupont
streets— Paullst Fathers.
lorning — Commencement of a course of
lectures by Rev. A. Russell Nevlns, C. 8.
P., the initial subject to be, "The
Necessity of Faith."
St. Patrick's, Mission street, near
Father Gray.
Morning: — High maas and a sermon on the
Gospel. Evening — Vespera, benediction
and sermon.
Bt. Paul's, Twenty-ninth
streets— Father Connolly.
and
Churcnj
Morning— High mass at 10:30 o'clock. Even-
ing—Sermon and vespers.
Sts. Peter and Paul, Filbert and Dupont
etreets— SaJesian Fathers.
[orning— Commencement of the forty hours'
adoration and address in Italian by one
of the priests of the order. Evening —
Sermon, benediction and vespers.
St. Peter's, Alabama street, near Twenty-
fourth — Father P. S. Casey.
Jermon on the Gospel. Evening —
benediction and sermon.
St. Rose's, Brannan street, near Fourth-
Father' Nugent.
Morning— High mass and sermon.
— Vespers and benediction.
Evening
Star of the Sea, Seventh avenue and Point
Lobos avenue — Father Coyle.
Morning— Sermon and high mass at 10:30
o'clock. Kvening— Sermon by the pastor.
Bt. Teresa's, Tennessee and liutte streets —
Rev. P. C. OConnell.
Morning— High mass and sermon. Evening
— Vespers, benediction and sermon.
Our Lady of Victories, Bush street,
Stockton — Marist Fathers.
Horning — High mans and sermon by one of
the priests of the community. Evening —
Vespers and sermon.
First Christian, Mission and Twelfth
—Rev. F. S. Ford.
Morning— Sermon and instruction by the
rector. Evening — Sermon by the. rector.
West Side Christian. Bush street, between
Scott and Dftvlgadero— Rev. W. A. Gard-
ner.
Morning — Thanksgiving sermon.
Sermon by the rector.
Evening —
Bethany Congregational, Bartlett street,
near Twenty-fifth— Rev. W. C. Pond.
Morning— Services In honor of the com-
mencement of Advent. Evening — Sermon
■ by the rector.
.
Bethlehem Congregational. Vermont street,
near T : wenty-fourth— Rev. W. H. Tubb.
Morning— "Consider Thyself." Evening—
"And Five of Them Were Wise and Five
Were Foolish."
Richmond Congregational. Seventh ay
and Clement street— Rev. P. Coombe.
Morning— "Gratitude to God— the Divine
Method of ItK Expression." Evening— "The
Power and Responsibility of the Mayor
for Civic Regeneration."
Olivet Congregational. Seventeenth
Noe streets-Rev. H. T. Shepard.
and
\ Morning— "The Christian Before th« Mast."
| Evening— "American Heroism."
First Congregational, Post
streets— Rev. Q. C. Adams.
and
Mason
Morning —"The Paralytic." Evening— "Ab-
solute Helplessness."
Third Congregational. Fifteenth «treei.
MlMion— Rev. William Rader.
Morning— "The- Background of Life." Even-
ing. "Polltict With Local Application,"
the first of a eerie* of lecture! on "Ap-
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL, SUNDAY, NOVEMBER 27, 1898.
Plymouth Congregational. Post street,
Wr/ ster— Rev. F. B. Cherington.
Morning— Sermon by the rector on the sub-
ject of "Advent." Evening — Prayer and
instruction.
Churcn of the Advent, Eleventh street, near
Market— ltev. J. A. Emery.
Morning — Sermon.
Evening — Song service.
Grace Episcopal, California and
streets— Rev. R. C. Fuute.
lorning— Communlor
Evening— Festival
sermon.
n service at 11 o'clock,
service, followed by
St Luke's. Van Ness avenue and Clay
street-Rev. W. H. Moreland.
Morning — Sermon and communion service.
Evening — Sermon and prayer service.
Bt Cornelius Chapel, Presidio Reservation
—Rev. D. O. Kelley.
Morning— Special service for the. soldiers.
Evening— Sermon and instruction.
t. John the Evangelist,
near Valencia — Rev. E.
the pastor.
at 11.
St. Mary the Virgin. Union and Steiner
streets— Rev. H. Parrish.
Morning — Mass and holy communion at 7:30
o'clock: hieh mass and sermon at 11.
Evening— Evensong and sermon at 8.
St Peter's Episcopal, Stockton and Filbert
streets— Rev. M. D. Wilson.
Morning— ll o'clock, sermon by Rev. Charles
Hltrhcnrk of San Rafael. Evening — Even-
ed ing with sermon by the rector.
6t Paul's Episcopal, California street, near
Flllmore— Rev. W. Maxwell Rellly.
Morning— Communion at 7:30 o'clock, follow-
ed by litany service and sermon by th»
rector. Evening— Song service and ser-
mon.
Trinity Episcopal, Bu
—Rev. H. C. Cooke.
nunlon at .11 o'clock,
and instruction.
St. Stephen's Church, Fulton street, c
Webster— Rev. E. J. Lion.
Morning— Holy communion at 7 o'clock;
morning prayer at 11. Evening — Prayer at
7:4."j o'clock; sermons at both services will
he delivered by one of the members of
the clergy. '
St. Stephen's Mission, 1712 Hayes street.
Morning— Sunday school at 9:30 o'clock; ser-
mon by one of the members of the clergy
of St. Stephen's Church. Evening— Prayer
at 8 o'clock, followed by a sermon.
St James' Episcopal Mission, Richmond
District.
Morning — Prayer at 11 o'clock and a sermon
by clergy of St. Stephen's Church. Even-
ing— Prayer and sermon at 8 o'clock.
German Evangelical Emmanuel Church,
Twelfth and Stevenson streets— Rev. F.
W. Fischer.
Morning— "Safe in the Midst of Great Dan-
ger." Evening— "Acquaintance With God."
First English Lutheran, Geary street, near
Gough— Rev. E. Nelander.
Morning— "The Conquerer From
Evening — "The Lost Name."
Edom."
California Street M. E. Church. California
and Brodenck streets— Frederic C. Lee.
i Morning— "Two Feasts."
; Rat in the Statue."
Central Methodist Episcopal Church, Mis-
sion street, between Fifth and Sixth— Rev.
C. E. Locke. .
Morning — "The Courage of Jesus."
ing — Soldiers' memorial service c
nion by the pastor.
First M. E. Church,
lngton streets— Rev.
and
Wash-
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
—Song service and sermon.
'. S.
my.
Fifteenth Avenue M. E. Church, Fifteenth
avenue south and P street— Rev. H.
Pearce.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. E
ing— Sermon, followed by religious
etruction.
Grace Methodist Episcopal, Twenty-first
and Capp Btreets— Rev. J. N. Beard.
| Morning— Sermon by the rector.
I Same.
Howard Street M. E. Church (Strangers'
Home), Howard street, near Third— Rev.
J A. B. Wilson.
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock,
ing— Sermon by the rector.
Potrero M. E. Church. Term(
streets— S. M. Woodward.
by the rector.
Richmond Methodist, Fourth avenue and
Clement street— Rev. Georga Baugh.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock;
school at 12:30. Evening— Divine
at 7:30 o'clock.
Centenary M. E. Church, Bush street, be-
tween Gough and Octavla— Rev. C. R.
Riddlck.
Morning— Sermon by the rector.
Same.
Epworth M. E. Church, Church and Twen-
ty-sixth streets— Rev. W. M. Woodward.
Morning— Sermon by the rector at 11 o'cl
Evening— Sermon, followed by prayer
vice.
Church, Hay<
r . J. Stephens.
lorning — Sermon by the pastor on
Mystery of Godliness." Evening— Thai
giving praise service and address by
pastor.
Starr King A. M. E. Zion Church, Stockton
street, near Clay— Rev. F. Brunn.
Morning— "The Second Coming: of Christ.
Evening— "Give This Man Power."
Calvary Presbyterian, Geary and Powall
streets— Rev. J. Hemphlll.
Morning— Services at 11 o'clock.
"Secret Disciples."
First Pr
nue an<
kensle.
Ness ave-
r. R. Mac-
Morning— Sermon by the rector. Ev
—"Joseph— A Character Study." by.
Edwin H- Jenks.
First United Presbyterian,
avenue and Polk street.
Golden Gate
Morning— Divine service at 11 o'clock. Evi
Ing— Sermon and the recital of prayer.
Lebanon Presbyterian Church, Sanchez ~nd
Twenty-third streets— Rev. R. W. Rey-
nolds.
Morning— Sermon by Professor 1
Day, D.D.. of San Anselmo
Evening— Same.
F.
, Trinity Presbyterian, Twenty-third
> Capp •treats— Rev. A. 2i. Carson.
and
by Mr*. Louisa M. '
ngellat of the W. C.
"Where Is My Wa.ui
Thor
T. 1
iderlj
>
Howard Presbyterian, Oak and
streets— Rev. F. R. Farrand.
Morning-"The Beauty of Holiness." Even;
ing— "The Safety of the Lord's Beloved.
Memorial Presbyterian, Eighteenth street i Morning— "Thankfulness."
and Railroad avenue— Rev. H. N. Bevier. | Among Thorns."
Evening— "Seed
Stewart Memorial U. P. Church. Guerrero < Morning— "The Eye of toe
street, near Twenty-thlrd-Rev. W. E. of Pelf." Evening-"The W orklngman s
Dugan. | Friend— Not the Politician.
Westminster Presbyterian, Page and Web-
ster streets— Rev. S. S. Cryor.
Morning— "l Am Not Ashamed of the Gos-
pel of Christ." Evening— A temperance
meeting addressed by Mrs. Emmons, re-
cording secretary of the W. C. T. L.
Bethel African M. E. Church, Powell street,
near Jackson — Rev. \V. B. Anderson.
Firet Unitarian, Geary and Franklin streets
—Rev. Dr. Stebblns.
Morning — "Service of Liberty." Evening
—"The Rallying Power of a Few Manly
Morning— Sunday school at 10:30 o'clock; di-
vine service at 11. Evening— There is no
evening service.
Second Unitarian, Twentieth
streets— Rev. A. J. Wells.
and Capp
■Morning— "The Tares and the Wheat."
Evening— "Religion Means Helpfulness.
First Church of Christ, Scientist, 223 Butter
street— The Bible and Science and Health,
With Key to the Scriptures.
Morning— "God the Only Cause and Cre-
ator." Evening— "The Path of the Just."
T. M. C. A.
streets.
3 p. m.— Address to men only by Rev. Dr.
I Curry on the subject of "What We Can
I Do About Heaven."
STORY OP THE NEW
UNITED
CENTRAL AMERICA.
Continued from Page Eighteen.
forests of Honduras, Salvador and Nic
aragua. Salvador has had several en
'' counters with Guatemala, and Nica
ragua and Costa Rica are on especially
good terms. It has always been said
when the subject of the union of the
five republics was discussed that
j Guatemala was the key of the situation.
; The United States of Central America
look to the north and the south, and
; there is a chip on its shoulder. Let
Guatemala try conclusions with little
i Salvador, if she will, and there are Nic
aragua and Honduras ready to join the
fray. Let Costa Rica throw down the
gage of. war to Nicaragua, the United
i States of Central America will go into
the arena to pick it up.
Theoretically the five States are sup
posed to have a community of inter-
I ests; to be a greater republic, the mem
| bers of which are bound together by in
dissoluble ties. Revolution seems in
born in the body politic of these coun
tries.
The wars and internal disorders have
undoubtedly interfered with the pros
perity and progress of the republics.
While the United States of America
was building railroads, reclaiming the
wilderness and improving harbors Cen
tral America was pursuing the game of
revolution. War and intrigue, the cre
ation of governments .only to be over
thrown by the appearance of a few
hundred armed men have filled the life
of the people these many years. There
was a time when you might make your
way through Central America with the
simple direction: "Go south three revo
lutions and turn one revolution to the
right." Stability of government, the
completion of a ship canal, the ex
change of products with the United
States may work wonders in this land
I of change and shift.
Here is the oldest community on the
American continent and yet the last to
take to itself a government which gives
some sign of being an abiding one.
It was on this neck of land which Co
| lurabus set foot when he first reached
this continent. That was in 1502.
Twenty years passed by and then the
conqueror of Mexico — Hernando Cor
tes — hearing stories of the fabulous
wealth of the countries which lay be
low, started south with an army of
seasoned, mail-clad veterans.
He reached his destination after two
years of almost incredible hardship.
He conquered Guatemala. The natives
' were slaughtered by the thousand. The
', conqueror or his lieutenants possessed
• the land. Granada, in Nicaragua, was
founded and a civilization was built up
on this continent which the Spaniards
had largely learned from the Moors.
In Granada many of the old buildings
still stand.
All the countries of Central America
were united under the name of Guate
mala and a captain general presided
over them. Those who have followed
the history of Spain know how the
proud old land ruled her Central Amer
ican possessions. The native race was
decimated under the hardships imposed
by their conquerors. The labor on the
plantations and the toil In the mines
brought death. Europeans and negroes
were brought to the country.
Then Mexico gained her freedom.
Then the Central American provinces
of Spain demanded independence and
in 1821 they received it. The Federal
Union of Central America was founded
in 1823, and until the close of 1839 it
held the five States together. The
States withdrew one by one.
With this period the name of General
Morazon will always be associated. He
was one of the founders of the union.
Even after it had gone to pieces he
tried to join together the fragments—
to get the blocks which formed this
puzzle of five into regular order again..
He was shot at San Jose, in Costa Rica,
in 1842, whithtr he had gone to attempt
a coup in the interest of a unified Cen
tral America.
Several efforts have been made since
that. Unrest was the leading trait in
the political character of these repub
lics. Revolutions sprang up from time
to time in all of them. It was charged
by each republic that its neighbor or
neighbors were giving aid to the revo
lutionists which she had expelled from
her borders. Less than a year ago Nica
ragua came very near going to war
with Costa Rica on account of such a
charge. Her President imprisoned a
Costa Rican Consul at Managua.
Troops were marched to the frontiers
and a treaty of peace was finally
signed. , .
An unsuccessful effort was made by
Guatemala in 1885 to effect a union of
the States. General Justo Rufino Bar
rios came very near forming an organi
zation in 1885. He discovered that bal
vador was treacherous and marcnea
against it. He conquered the baiva
doreans, but fell a victim to sharp
shooters. By treaty concluded at
Amapala in 1896 atf five of the republics
formed a federation, which was called
the Greater Republic of Central Amer
ica. It amounted to little more than an
agreement to leave questions in dispute
to a diet of deputies appointed from the
various republics. It will, of course.
be superseded by the formation of the
United States of Central America.
Diplomacy has sought to do every
thing possible to restrain Jealousy and
dissatisfaction in this new nation. The,
Presidents of the States become Gover
nors. It has been agreed that none of
them shall become a candidate for
President of the new republic, who will
be chosen on December 13. The success
ful candidate will be inaugurated next
March. The new capital, Chirandega,
is in Nicaragua, on the Pacific side.
If the resources of this new nation
were properly developed it would be
come a rich and peaceful nation. The
forests of all three of the countries are
rich in mahogany and dyewoods; sold
and silver have been found, there is an
abundance of coal, and there are for
tunes in coffee and tropical fruits. The
future of this trio of republics depends
in a large measure as to what policy
may be pursued with regard to the Ni
caraguan canal. The present conces
sion expires next year. The United
States of America, it will be remem
bered, sent a delegation of officers and
engineers under Admiral Walker to
make an examination of canal routes.
It is proposed to use the San Juan
River, the boundary between Nicara
gua and Costa Rica, and Lake Nica
ragua as a part of the proposed water
way across Central America.
Nicaragua is as large as the gToup
of States including Maine. Massachu
setts, Connecticut and Rhode Island.
Honduras is about the size of Ohio.
Salvador is one hundred and forty miles
long and sixty miles in breadth.
ADVERTIS2JttENTS.
* THE CREDIT HOUSE"
Six Stories High
Quite as comfortable as it
looks-not inapt for Christ-
mas. Damask couch, tuft-
ed and fringed.. $3.50
Holiday music must have a place— a
music cabinet suggests itself. Mohog-
any finish, French plate mirror $6£o
The merit of metal beds is recognized
when a house holder discards wooden
beds years in use, for them. White
enamel, brnss trimmed bed $2.75
China closets? Yes as a Christmas
present, or to put your own Christmas
china in. Solid oak, glass front 5^50
Christmas purchases made now have
the advantage of greater variety for
selection, and more time to do it in.
Stored and delivered as desired.
CARPET DEPARTMENT
The light in our annex is excellent,
it shows colors patterns and weaves
to perfection. Room to lay it all be-
fore you, so you will see how it will
look when you get it home.
Our sewing and laving department
is accurate and expeditious.
Free/delivery, Oakland. Alameda. Berkeley
• M. FRIEDMAN d CO.
233 to 237 Post St., S. F.
Open evenings Near Stockton