VOLUME LXXXIV.-NO. 4.
SAMPSON CORKED THE
BOTTLE HOLDING CERVERA
CLOSED SANTIAGO
HARBOR WITH
THE MERRIMAC
Eight of the American Collier's Men
Reported to Be Prisoners of the
Spaniards.
Copyright, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
PORTO PLATA, San Domingo, June 3.-Cable mes
sages received here from Santiago deCuba state that the
Merrimac was sunk while trying to enter the harbor
An officer and seven men were taken prisoners.
How many were lost is not known.
After a sharp and effective cannonade which lasted
from three to four hours an American auxiliary cruiser,
which is said to have been the Merrimac, tried to force
an entrance to the harbor. The Spaniards allowed her
to pass the first line of torpedoes, but when she reached
the second line a torpedo was discharged at her. It took
effect and the ship sank almost immediately. One offi
cer, one engineer and six sailors were taken prisoners.
It is not yet known how many sank with the ship.
Only the extremities of the funnels and the tips of the
masts of the vessels are now visible.
A second dispatch from Santiago states that it is be
lieved the Merrimac was sent into the neck of the harbor by
Sampson for the purpose of closing the port, and thus pre
vent the escape of the Spanish squadron. From informa
tion conveyed by the prisoners it is believed they volun
teered for this dangerous work, and that none perished.
They were prepared for the explosion when it occurred.
CAPE HAYTIEX, June 3. — The American fleet, according to advices received by cable
from Santiago de Cuba, the cable being under Spanish control, opened fire again at 3 o'clock this
(Friday) morning on the fortifications and warships. The cannonade was well sustained until 4
o'clock a. m. ; . . : ["■
One of the United States auxiliary cruisers, "well armed," attempted to force the passage
into the harbor. The Spanish allowed the cruiser to cross the first line of torpedoes, but before
she arrived at the second line they discharged a torpedo at her, which broke a great hole in her
side and caused her to sink almost instantly, bow first.
3ne -officer, one engineer and six sailors were made prisoners by the Spaniards.
The vessel sunk is understood to be the Merrimac. Only the extremities of her funnel and
two masts are visible above the water.
The Santiago advices in reference to the sunken vessel being an auxiliary cruiser are prob
ably mistaken. The Merrimac is a collier and has always been a collier.
INCE, June 3. — This morning at 3 o'clock the American squadron began
the bombardment of the fortifications of Santiago de Cuba, and a lively cannonade ensued for two
hours, which silenced the Spanish batteries.
An American vessel, the Merrimac, described in the advices from Santiago de Cuba as an
auxiliary cruiser, making a dash to force the entrance, succeeded in passing the first line of defenses,
but was torpedoed about 500 feet up the channel. She went down perpendicularly. An offi
cer, an engineer and six seamen were taken prisoners. The number of victims "is unknown.
Only the funnel and mastheads of the sunken vessel can be seen.
There is great excitement in the city. A part of the population assisted in the fighting on
the heights, Everybody is astounded at the audacity of the American vessel.
The American squadron was cruising all the while in the offing.
NO APPREHENSION
FELT AT WASHINGTON.
Opjnion There Is That Gemra Is
Now Effectually Prevented From
Sloping Out of the Harbor.
XEW YORK, June 3.— The
Herald's. Washington corre
spondent telegraphs: No official
confirmation has been received
at the Navy Department of the
report that the collier Merrimac
f has been sunk at the entrance of
Santiago, harbor. The officials
pi the SCayy Department, how
The San Francisco Call
ever, are of the opinion that the
Herald's cablegram from Porto
Plata is correct and that Admiral
Sampson has taken the most
effective means to prevent the
Spanish fleet from giving him the
slip by running out under cover
of a dark and rainy night before
the land forces can reach Santiago
and co-operate with him in the
contemplated land and sea opera
tions.
It is thought probable he en
gaged the shore batteries with
the guns of his fleet and during
the engagement ran the Merri
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
mac into the narrow entrance of
the harbor and opened her sea
valves, allowing her to sink.
Just inside the entrance the
channel is so narrow that a
sunken vessel as large as the Mer
rimac would make it impossible
for Admiral Cervera's ships to
pass on either side of her.
It is hoped the report that one
of her officers and some of her
crew were captured by the Span
iards is incorrect, yet it is realized
it was a dangerous task they had
to perform, and though Admiral
Sampson took every precaution
CERVERfI'S FLEET CORKED UP BY THE SINKING OF THE
COLLIER MERRIMAC.
Santiago Harbor, Showing tbe Spanish Fleet Inside and tbe Merrin)ac iq the Act of Going to the
Botton) at tbe Entrarjce.
possible to enable them to escape
they may have been unable to get
off the sinking vessel and get
safely past the Spanish batteries
at the entrance of the harbor in
a small boat to where they could
be picked up by one of the ves
sels of the American fleet.
The collier Merrimac was for
merly owned under the same
name by Jefferson Hagan of New
York. She was of 3362 tonnage,
carried 5000 tons of coal and was
commanded by Commander
James M. Miller. As it would re
quire comparatively few men to
take the vessel into the channel
and sink her it is believed to be
probable that she carried only a
small crew, and very few officers,
and that the officers and men
volunteered for the duty, some
possibly from other vessels of the
fleet. Commodore Miller was
doubtless in command of the
crew which took her to the spot
where she was to be sunk. She
carried a regular crew of fifty
three men.
The special danger of the task
probably lay in the fact that while
Commodore Schley practically
silenced the batteries at the en
trance to the harbor by the bom
bardment on Tuesday, there were
other batteries further up the
channel which could not be dis
posed of from outside the en
trance, and the guns there would
fire on the Merrimac as she went
in. It is probable the Admiral
ran some smaller vessels of the
fleet as close as possible to the
entrance to the channel, or some
of them may even have followed
the Merrimac in so as to engage
I the inner batteries, and the Mer
rimac may have towed in one
converted for the use of her offi
cers and crew in making their
escape.
It is possible the vessel was
sunk by running against one of
the mines which it is believed the
Spanish placed in the channel,
but it is not thought probable, as
the Herald cablegram does not
speak of any one being killed,
and had she been blown up by a
I mine it is probable some lives
would have been lost.
The Merrimac mounted on her
deck six guns. She is of steel,
| 330 feet long, with a beam of 44
feet and a depth of 29 feet. She
was built at Newcastle, England,
in 1894, when she was christened
the Solveig, flying the Norweg
ian flag.
While loading grain at New
port News, April 27, 1897, she
caught fire. She proceeded to
Erie Basin, Brooklyn, for repairs.
Her registry was changed to
American and she became the
property of T. Hogan & Sons,
who operated the Lone Star serv
ice. While in service she ran be
tween Boston, New York and
Galveston.
The officers of the Merrimac
were: . Commander James M.
Miller, commanding; Lieutenant
W. W. Gilmer, executive; Ensign
J. M. Luby, Ensign J. R. Y.
Blakely, Assistant Engineer R. J.
Crank.
Now that Admiral Sampson
has thoroughly blocked the en
trance to Santiago harbor and
penned Admiral Cervera and his
ships *inside, he can leave Com
modore Schley in front of San
tiago with a few ships and can
take the remainder of his fleet to
Porto Rico to operate with the
artillery expedition against that
island.
PRIVATE ROBERTS BURIED
WITH MILITARY HONORS.
P.AKERSFIELD, June 3.— The body of
Private Lynn Roberts, who died at the
Presidio on Tuesday night, arrived here
last night and was taken to the Roberts
home, two miles north of town, whence
the funeral was conducted this afternoon.
A number of friends were at the depot
to meet the grief-stricken parents. The
funeral was conducted with military
honors and was the largest one in the
history of the town. The cortege was
over a mile in length. The firing squad j
was composer! of a number of Grand ;
Army veterans. The pallbearers were.
Lieutenants Blodget and Munzer and four
sergeants of Company G, National Guard
of California.
The dead soldier was popular and his
father and mother, Mr. and Mrs. E. M.
Roberts, are highly esteemed. Mr. Rob
erts is an ex-Confederate.
All for the Boys in Blue.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The Red
Cross Society of this city to-day for
warded fco tt\e headquarters in San
Francisco 225 abdominal bandages, 325
comfort bags, IS armslings and a quan
tity of socks and handkerchiefs for the
soldiers. The local society has already
raised some $2500 in money.
CERVERA IS
FARTHER UP
THE HARBOR
Getting as Far as Possible
From the American
Warships.
Sampson and Schley Considering
the Best Means of Entering in
Pursuit.
WITH THE FLEET, on Board the Herald-Call dis
patch boat, off Santiago, June 2— (via Port Antonio, Ja
maica, June 2>-)- — * n vifcw P* tne Spanish admiral's latest tac
tics, it is doubtful if there will be a naval battle soon in this
neighborhood. Since the brief engagement last Tuesday,
Cervera has withdrawn his ships further up the harbor,
where, they are, of course, out of sight of the blockading
squadron, owing to the. high hills that separate the oppos
ing fleets. Cervera is evidently anxious to keep his vessels
nn'r of hnrm's way. ■ ■ • : ■ • .'.: : . . ■■■■ "
Rear-Admiral Sampson joined Com
modore Sehley's forces early yesterday
mornlna with the New York, Oregon
and Mayflower. The Spaniards wel
comed the American reinforcements by
firing two puns, the shots falling harm
lessly at sea. Later the torpedo-boat .
Porter, the dispatch-boat Dolphin and
the .steamer Adria joined the fleets:.
The Adria is loaded with supplies and
fitted with appliances for grappling and
cutting cables. The Harvard also j
joined the fleet, bringing welcome sup- ;
plies of fresh meats and vegetables.
Commodore Schley went on board th.c
New York as soon as the flagship came
up, and ; was closeted with Admiral ■<
Sampson- a long time. The result of j
their deliberations is not known, but
their reticent. manner led every one to.
believe they were somewhat hampered
by Washington in adopting measures
to force Cervera to fight. All the of
ficers and men are eager to battle, but.
all do not agree on the most advisable
plan of attack. . "
Some doubt of.the feasibility of forcing
the entrance of- the harbor. ' Others
favor increasing the blockading fleets
with the Oregon, four monitors and the
Helena, Wilmington, Cincinnati, Mont
gomery, Detroit, Vesuvius, destroying
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
; ■ . . ■ ■ . • • ..-.«#•;
the fortifications by persistent bom
bardment, . This done, only the mines
of . th;e channel would imperil, the en
trance to the harbor, and ft is ; thought
the Vesuvius could in one- hour clear
•them out.- The channel is too deep to
be effectively obstructed by sinking
hulks. •;■ ■■:'-.'[ ■■': ■ ]. ■
The mmea onc^ exploded the . way
would be clear except, for the opposi- .
•tidn of the Spanish vessels. This is
not regarded so formidable as to pre
clude a powerful fleet forcing an en
trance. Once Inside the complete, de
struction, of Admiral Cervera's fleet is
certain. Officers of the fleet are con
fident-there Would be a repetition of the
Manila victory,. which would entirely
break Spain's naval power..'.
: A.t first" it was expected that. Rear-
Admiral. Sampson's arrival would re
sult .in action, but the day wore on -
without any indication of attack. About
noon the New York,: followed by the •
Marblehead, steamed in shore five miles
west of Morro*Castle. '= Some. hours' be
fore the gunboat Vixen had disappeared
in that direction. . The New York went
within 1000 yards/ of ■ the '.shore, and
Sampson made' a. close examination of '
the coast line with a vie- to finding a
suitable place to land .troops. \ , •
To take, the batteries pro jctln^ the2
harbor entrance isone. plan being con
sidered. Asteani launch put off from
the New York carefully explored every
inlet to within two miles of Morro Cas
tle. The Vixen ran into several small
creeks In search, of ihe Spanish gun
boats and several hours were spent in
this examination. . '
When Sampson returned he had a
conference with captains on board the
New York. Darkness brought a heavy
rain squall, which made the work of
preventing the escape" of the Spanish
. fleet doubly difficult. Thick curtain
clouds cam*. from behind the high
mountains that wall, in Santiago and
spread canopy-like over the sea. Soon
a veil of rain obscured the shore and
obliterated Morro Castle. As the
gloom gathered. Commodore Schley
took the New . Orleans, lowa, Texas,
Massachusetts, Mayflower and Vixen
and formed an innor guard line about
three miles off the harbor, while Samp
son, with the remainder of the fleet,
took a position three miles further out,
with the Oregon extremely eastward,
close in, to prevent the vessels from
slipping along shore unobserved. News
paper boats were warned to : keep at
least five miles outside the fleet, the
penalty boing fired at without warn
ing. Then the rain came and wrapped
the entire landscape in gloom, and the
searchlights on the warships could not
penetrate fifty yards.
Cervera could not have chosen, a more
favorable hour to slip through the
blockade, but apparently he had not an
irJ^- of making the attempt. Three
hours later the squall passed away, the
moon shed a white radiance over the
.land and sea, to be succeeded by an
hour's darkness just before dawn, after
Luna retired. So passed the night.
When day came the Texas was lying
within two miles in shore. The twelve
inch gun battery just east of Morro
Castle fired at her, but missed by one
hundred yards. The battleship did not
. reply, but slowly and disdainfully
ptoamed outside of range. Shortly after
dawn, a small steamship approached
from the west to within five miles of
the fleet, and then started away full
speed. When the vessel was fully ten
miles away, the New York started in
pursuit, followed by the Porter. The
trio were soon lost to view, and at noon
the New York had not returned.
During the forenoon the Adria
dragged for cables within four miles of
the batteries, but was not successful in
locating them. Sampson intends to cut
Cervera off from communication with
Madrid as soon as possible.
There must be great apprehension In
Santiago as the Spaniards witness the
gradaal strengthening of the American
fleet, for they can expect nothing 1-ss
than bombardment. If Cervera, had any
intention of venturing out to give bat
tle Sampson's arrival with reinforce
ments must have caused him to aban
don it.
The appearance of Sampson on the
scene was not relished by officers of
Sohley's squadron, who think it bad
taste on the admiral's part to interfere
at this juncture. Some think it would
be graceful for Sampson to return to
the front of Havana, leaving: Schley to
deal with the situation. Unless decisive
action is taken to reduce the batteries
this blockade will probably continue
until the end of the war, which will be
more arduous the officers say than a
protracted engagement.
SANTA BARBARA SHAKEN.
Heavy Earthquake Jars Buildings in !
the Southern town.
SANTA .BARBARA, June 3.— At. 10:18 |
o'clock to-night the heaviest earthquake
for some' year's, was'-experienced here. The i
VIEW OF THE CUBAN COAST AND THE COUNTRY BEYOND, BETWEEN SANTIAGO DE CUBA
AND GUANTANAAIO BAY.
This Shows the Landing Place Said to Have Been Selected for the American flrmy of Invasion.
lateral movement was from eaat to west.
There was a heavy electrical atorm last
night. The wind did considerable damage
here and at Montecito. It blew, the ex
terior stuccoing off ' some houses, and
wrecked chimneys and outbuildings. .
FOULS END TWO FIGHTS.
Billy Stift and Kid McPartland Get
.' • the Decisions. • ....;
CHICAGO. June 3.-Billy Stift secured
the decision over "Mysterious" '. Billy
Smith on a foul to-night, at Tattersall's.
The lighting- was good all ' through : the
five -rounds. In . the., fifth ' Stift was
knocked almost senseless by a' punch in
the Jaw, which won for him fhe decision. ■
A foul also ended.; the bout between
"Kid" McPartland of. New York and Tom
Tracey of Chicago. The- contest was little
more than a rough and tumble tight of a
very violent sort. In the second round
the men fell to the floor four -times in a
tight, embrace, . and. Referee Masterson
then gave the battle to ■ McPartland on a,
foul. . - . . ; ••'. . .••■ •-
In the other bouts Joe' Gans of Balti
more secured the .decision • aver . "Kid"
Robertson of Buffalo in six rounds: Char
ley Strong and Frank Chitds- fought six
rounds to a draw and Jack Moffatt de
feated Jim Janey fn six rounds. ■ ' .•'"..
' ■ ■-. ■<■-:: .— — -• h- . '■: . .
Flag For Carson Volunteers.
CARSON. June 3.— The* Second Com
pany, Nevada Volunteers, • left for
Cheyenne this morning;. It- was pre
sented with a silk banner by the citi
zens of Carson. Several. hundred school
children escorted the volunteers to the
depot. District Att6rney. McGowan
made the presentation speech, for the
banner. • ' ' ■ '
AMERICANS
THE GUESTS
OF BRITONS
Friendly Feeling SF)own
at a Banquet in
London.
Eoglish Statesmen Profuse in Ex
pressions of Regard for This
Country.
LONDON, June 3.— One of the most
; enthusiastic banquets ever given in
London was the Anglo-American ban
! quet this evening at the Hotel Cecil.
; Six hundred Britons and Americans as
sembled fraternally, the purpose of the
: entertainment being the promotion of
< good fellowship between kindred races.
Englishmen were the hosts, while resi
j dent Americans were the guests. Politi-
I cal, business and literary circles were
well represented, but the purpose of
making the affair spontaneous and a
I wholly unofficial celebration excluded
i the embassy. American and British
flags were draped over the tables.
Among the banqueters were the Earl
lof Carlisle, Viscount Powercourt, Sir
I Norman Leroy, Sir Frederick Pollock,
i Sir Richard Temple, Lord Beresford,
! the Dean of Hereford, the Rev. New
man Hall, Hiram Maxim and George
1 W. Ward, manager of the Commercial
Cable Company.
Literature and journalism were rep
> resented by Sir John Robinson, man
ager qf the Daily News; Mr. Alfred
Harmsworth, proprietor of the Daily
Mail and Evening News; M. Edmund
. Stead, editor of the Review of Reviews;
, Sir "Yv alter Besant, Mr. Anthony Hope,
Dr. Conan Doyle and Miss Beatrice
Harraden. .
Lord Bernard Coleridge presided. In
proposing the health of President Mc-
Kinley, he said:
"Where can the whole world show
such a line of rulers of men as have
been the free choice of the American
people?" • .
The speakers were the Bishop of Ri
pon (the Right Rev. William Bernard
Carpenter) Lord Brassey, Colonel Tay
lor, president of the American Society
in London; Sir George William Dcs
Vereoux, Mr. Newton Crane, Earl Grey,
Professor Albert Yon Dycey, Mr.
George W. Cable and Sir Frederick
Pollock, professor of jurisprudence at
Oxford.
The English speakers lauded the
achievements of the revolution as en
thusiastically as if they had been their
own victories.
The Bishop of Ripon elicited the
greatest enthusiasm by a pointed ref
erence to the war, Baying that although
both nations had been accused of wor
shiping the dollar, we both know when
to spend our money and we know that
some cases were worth spending any
price for.
Lord Coleridge prayed that victory
might perch on the American banner.
"in the interests of America, in the
interest of Spain and in the interest of
common humanity. Twice America has
fought with all her might," he said.
"The first fight was forced by the im
becility of the King, and she was right
[cheering]; the second time she fought
for the freedom of slaves, and the same
spirit is with her yet." [Tremendous
cheering.]
■ He advocated a permanent tribunal
for the settlement of international dif
fero-nces.
Lord Brassey said that there were
closer ties than a written alliance— ties
which could not be broken.
Colonel Taylor raised a hurricane of
cheering by saying: "As you have
stood by. us in our day of trial, when
your day of trial comes count upon
us."
Sir Frederick Pollock replied, pre
dicting that there would be M one fleet
under two flags to keep the peace of
the world.*'
The morning papers, commenting up
on the Anglo-American banquet at the
Hotel Cecil last evening, all speak in
the same tone of gratification. The
Daily Telegraph says:
"Nothing said by the speakers could
offend the susceptibilities of Continen
tal . nations, but there was evidence
throughout of the friendship which has
grown so ranidly and that it will not
end in mere verbal protestations of mu
tual respect and affection. It would be
a mistake to fo^o an. alliance before
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
the time is ripe, but there is an infinity
of good in cultivating these sentiments
of kinship, which are the forerunners
of formal alliances."
The Daily Chronicle, referring to the
banquet as a "remarkable gathering
of men who are forces in the modern
world," says: "The dinner was the be
ginning of a movement which, unless
unwise words or unforeseen mischance
should wreck it, must carry us far. It
is important that all men, friends or
foes, should realize that this move
ment has come to stay."
The Standard says: "It would be
premature to speak of an alliance, in
the sense in which Continental chan
cellors employ the term, but it would
hv an error not less grave to deprecate
the benefits which must accrue to the
United States and Great Britain from
the knowledge that they can look to
each other for sympathy and co-opera
tion."
The Morning Post says: "The ban
quet has made a permanent addition
to the reciprocal friendship which has
been derived from recent events in vari
ous parts of the world, and while
agreements in smaller points, such as
the Canadian and American differences,
are most valuable, on the large issues
treaties are not necessary. The iden
tity of interests of the United States
and Great Britain if as close as the
community of their traditions, and their
destiny is splendid, because it is one."
FORMING A COMPANY
OF GEORGIA GIANTS.
Senator Carter Will Lead Some Big
Fellows in the War Against
Spain.
NEW YORK, June 3.— An Atlanta,
Ga., special to the Herald says: Sena
tor Yancy Carter of Georgia will lead
a company of giants in the war against
Spain. The Senator is in Atlanta rais
ing a company which will consist of
some of the tallest men in the United
States. Physically it will hold a dis
tinction similar to that of the Queen's
Horse Guards of England, y Captain
Carter has opened a recruiting office in
the capital. His company will belong
to Colonel Ray's regiment.
Captain Carter paid to-night: "I
will enlist only men six fe^t high or
more. Men are enlisting from every
part of the State, and I will have no
trouble in getting the required num
ber. It is men I want. I care nothing
for locality. . They must be men phy
sically, mentally and morally. I don't
want toughs. They need not have
■ money, but they must be men who can
Ibe relied on in days that try men's
i souls."
:• .' ■ - ♦ ■
jVOTE IN FAVOR
OF FEDERATION.
Victoria and Tasmania Approve, but
in New South Wales the Result
Is in Doubt.
MELBOURNE, Victoria, June 3.— The
voting in Victoria and Tasmania has re
sulted in the adoption of the federation
bill. The result in New South Wales la
still doubtful.
JOHN W. SMITH ARRESTED.
Ex-United States Commissioner Ac
cused of Extortion.
PORT TOWNSEND, June 3. — The
steamer Farallone, which arrived here
to-night from Alaska, brings news that
in addition to the indictment of eight
customs officers the Grand Jury at Bitka
has brought in two true bills against
John W. Smith, ex-United States Com
missioner at Skaguay, on the charge of
extortion and accepting bribes. Smith
has been arrested.
Preparing the Transport bhio.
SEATTLE, June 3.— The steamer
Ohio, which is to carry troops to Man
ila, will probably sail for San Francisco
next Tuesday . The work of fitting her
up is being rapidly pushed. The fltttngs
and bunks in her second steerage were
taken out to-day and in their places 300
canvas cots were placed. This will in
crease her passenger capacity to 1000.
NOMINATIONS FOR
THE VOLUNTEER ARMY.
Long List of Appointments, Includ
ing Some More Brigadier-
Generals.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The Presi
dent sent to-day these nominations to
the Senate:
Volunteer army— To be brigadier-gen
erals: Colonel John N. Andrews, Twelfth
United States Infantry; Leonard W.
Colby of Nebraska; Roy Stone. Now
York; <Colonel Robert P. Hughes, in
spector-general, U. S. A.; Lieutenant-
Colonel John B. Babcock, assistant ad
jiuant-genenil, U. S. A.; Henry T. Doug
las, Maryland.
To be assistant adjutant-general, with
rank of lii'iitenant-colonel— Captain Wil
liam Richards, Fourteenth Illinois.
To be assistant adjutant-general, with
rank of major— Captain Hunter Liggett,
Fifth United States Infantry; First Lieu
tenant Henry T. Allen, Second United
States Cavalry.
To be assistant adjutant-general, with
rank of captain— First Lieutenant Charles
D. Rhodes, Sixth United States Cavalry;
William Graves Bates, New York; Fred
erick M. Piige, Virginia; David Elkins,
West Virginia, now nrst lieutenant. First
West Virginia Volunteer Infantry.
To be inspector-general, with rank of
major— David Vlckers of Idaho.
To be chief quartermasters, with rank
of major— Captains George Ruhlen, as
sistant quartermaster, U. S. A., and Ed
gar I!. Robertson, Ninth United States
Infantry.
To be assistant quartermasters, with
rank of captain— Walter Allen, 'Missis
sippi; Charles A. Forrest, District of Co
lumbia; Second Lieutenant Charles G.
Sawtelle Jr., Second United States Cav
alry; Clyde D. Hunt, Vermont; First
Lieutenants John W. Perry. Eighth
United States Infantry, and Alexander V.
Perry, Ninth United States Cavalry.
To be chief commissaries of subsist
ence, with rank of major: First Lieuten
ant George T. Bartlett, Third United
States Artillery; John D. Black of Noith
Dakota, Robert H. Fitzhugh of Pennsyl
vania. William M. Grinnell of New York.
To be commissaries of subsistence, with
rank of captaia: James H. McMillan of
Michigan, William Larrabee Jr. of lowa,
Joseph B. Handy of Delaware, William C.
Daniels of Colorado, Warren Fairbanks of
Indianapolis.
To be additional paymasters: Fred M.
Rix of Arkansas, F. G. Monaghan of
lowa, Manley B. Curry of Georgia, James
B. Mcßenzle of Indiana, Joseph Stuart
Wi'.kins of the District of Columbia,
Michael F. Sheary of New York, Second
Lieutenant George W. Moses, Third
United States Cavalry; Frederick Bost
wick of New York, Charles Albert Smylie
Of New York (the nomination of C. A.
Smylie of Virginia for the same office be
ing withdrawn). Samuel S.Harvey of Flor
ida (the nomination of J. S. Harvey for
the same office being annulled).
Navy— Major Percival Pope, U. S. M. C,
to be lieutenant colonel; Eugene Grow of
New Hampshire to bo assistant surgeon
in the navy.
Department of Justice-^Chnrles O. Whit
temore of Utah to be Attorney for the
District of Utah.
State Department— Henry 11. Ellis of
California to be Consul at Turks Island,
West Indies.
ORIGIN OF A YELLOW
JOURNAL FAKE.
Sensational Yarn Concerning Ger-
mans at Manila First Printed
at Shanghai.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
HONGKONG. June 3.— The Shanghai
Mercury, whose reporter said he rep
resents the London Central News,
prints the following dispatch from
Manila:
"The Germans are slobbering over the
Spanish here and pretend to sympa
thize with them, but what they really
want is possession of the Carolines.
The Spanish Car-tain-General informs
me that a German ship desired to land
provisions for the Spaniards, but Ad
miral Dewey flatly refused. The Ger-
man Consul threatened to force a pas
sage with two German cruisers."
This is evidently the origin of the yel
low Journal's sensational story which I
contradicted recently, and which I
still believe to be untrue.
TO CONFER A TITLE
UPON MRS. GLADSTONE.
Movement Afoot to Create the States
man's Widow the Countess of
Liverpool.
LONDON, June 3.— The St James Ga
| zette to-day says it learns that a pro-
I posal, made in influential circles and
i backed by the Liberal leaders, is afoot
, ; with the object of conferring a title on
i the widow of the late William E.Glads
tone. It is suggested that Mrs. Glad
stone be created Countess of Liverpool
and that another member of the family
be created Viscount Hawarden.
Water for Sebastopol.
SANTA ROBA, June 3.— The citizens of
Sebastopol are seriously considering the
proposition of obtaining an electric light
ing and water system for the town. It is
very probable that the water system will
be supplied from the ' reservoirs of the i
Santa Kosa Water Works, the two towns ;
to be connected by a system of mains.
San Luis Obispo's Generosity.
SAN LUIS OBISPO, June 3.— The
largest gathering in years in this city
attended the entertainment given to
night by the Red Cross Society. Over
two hundred dollars was raised for the
fund
OFFICERS FOR
PHILIPPINES
Gen. McArthur Among
Those Assigned.
NORTHERN TROOPS COMING
FORWARD MOVEMENT BEGUN
AT MOBILE.
Regulars Under General Bates Em
barked on Transports and Will
Soon Begin the Invasion of
Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 3.
Brigradier-General McArthur, recently
stationed at St. Paul, Minn., has been
ordered to proceed to San Francisco
and report to MajorrGeneral Merritt,
commanding the- Department of the
Pacific, for assignment to duty with
the expedition to the Philippines.
Other officers also assigned to duty
with the same expedition are Captain
William A. Tucker, commissary of sub
sistence, who was assigned to the staff
of Brigadier-General Anderson; Major
H. W. .Card well, who will be made chief
surgeon of a division; acting Assistant
Surgeon G. H. Penrnse, who is assigned
to duty with the Utah battery. Captain
G. H. Ruhlin, assistant quartermaster,
is ordered to report to General Merritt
for assignment to duty.
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— The
Fourth United States Cavalry Band
passed through here to-day en route to
San Francisco. Troop E . from Van
couver Barracks will leave for San
Francisco to-morrow.
WAXJLA WALLA Wash., June 3.— A
telegram was received at Fort Walla
Walla to-day, notifying the command
ing officer that orders have been issued
for the departure of Troop G, Fourth
Cavalry, now stationed here, to proceed
to San Francisco. The fact that the
order definitely states that horses are
n<>t to be taken seems to indicate that
the company is intended for the. Phil
ippines.
MOBILE, Ala, Juno 3.— The forward
movement from Mobile began this
afternoon. The first part of the Fourth
Army Corps to leave camp was the
Second Cavalry, and this was quickly
followed by the Third Infantry and the
Twentieth Infantry. These troops
marched to and through the city to the
water front, whore the afternoon and
part of the night were consumed in
talcing passage on the transports Mat
tewa, Stillwatcr, Aransas, Morgan and
Breakwater. General Bates is in com
mand of the expedition.
The men an? jubilant over going to
the front. The general impression
among tho men is that the expedition
is bound for Porto Rico. The Eleventh
and Nineteenth infantry were ordered
to leave by rail for Tampa, but the or
der was countermanded. They, with
the Fifth Cavalry and one battalion of
the Second Cavalry, will probably leave
to-morrow.
TAMPA (Fla.), June 3.— The censor
ship at Tampa, which relaxed enough
to-day to permit of chronicling;, with
certain restrictions, tlv> arrival of vol
unteer troops at this point, has been
a era in tightened to even a greater ex
treme than before. No comments will
hereafter he allowed on the movements
of the regular or volunteer troops,
either to or from 'this point, nor will
anything bearing on any phase of the
situation here be permitted to go out.
Correspondents are practically limit
ed now to the veriest camp g<>s.-ip.
Nothing in the nature of confirmation
or denial of the reports of embarkation
of troops at this point or any com
ment which might indicate a move
ment, will be allowed. Not only is the
telegraphic news censored, but secret
service men are said to be watching
very carefully the mails from Tampa,
and any suspicious letter will probably
be confiscated. The orders for the
tightening of censorship came direct
from General Greely at "Washington.
General Miles and General Shatter
held a conference to-day of several
hours' duration. General Ludlow, chief
of the engineer corps, took part in the
discussion.
WILL BE THE LARGEST
FLAG IN THE WORLD
Stars and Stripes in Gorgeous Array-
Destined to Float Over Morro
• Castle.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The stars and
etripes in the shape of the largest flag
in the world will float over Morro Cas
tle, Havana, when Blanco surrenders.
The immense flag designed for this
duty is already prepared and may be
seen draped in front of an empty store
room at 147 Fulton street. A patriotic
Wall-street man has had the great flag
made. It measures 120 feet in length
and 43 1-3 feet in width, and it is be
lieved that it breaks the record for
size. It is so big that special bunting
was made for it in Boston. The bunt
ing measures 42 Inches across In the
rough. Made up In the flag, allowing
for Beams, each stripe measures 40
Inches. It took a full piece of forty
yards for each stripe except where they
run into the jack. The Jack measures
forty feet in length and covers the
space of seven stripes. The stars are
not very large. From pointo point each
star measures 14 inches. They are ar
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood, Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsaparilki and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All drucdsts.
ranged in alternating rows of seven
and eight; according to. army regula
tions. The Hag will cost $290, Big as it
is, it can be packed in a large traveling
trunk and 1 will not weigh more ban
200 or 250. pounds.
PRESS BOATS CARRYING
OFFICIAL DISPATCHES.
Jamaica Government Undecided as to
the Question of Their Bel
ligerency. ' ■.)
Copyrighted. ISSS, by James- . Gordon Bennett. \
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 3.— The
Government here is much exercised
over a point that has arisen in connec
tion with the observances of neutrality.
It has stated that press dispatch boats
touching at various ports, of the island
have been carrying not only press mes
sages, but also official communications
passing between the American govern
ment and the commanders of the fleets
in Cuban waters.
It is contended in some quarters that
in many cases where they carry Gov
ernment dispatches the pcess dispatch
boats should be regarded a? belllgei'
ent vessels, should In- permitted to take
on only coal enough to last them to
their nearest port in their own country,
and should not be -allowed to enter the
same port twioe- within three months.
The Attorney General declines to give
an opinion on the new point in inter
national law herein involved, and a de
cision by the imperial authorities has
been asked for by. cable. Whatever
the answer from the home Government
the dispatch boats will he. regarded as
private vessels except in ?peciiic cases
where it is proved they are carrying
official dispatches.
THREE SUPPOSED CATTLE
THIEVESJJNDER ARREST.
Accused of Having Killed Stock on
Banches in Western San Mateo
. . County.
REDWOOD CITY, June 3.— A number
of years ago a gang of cattle thieves was
the terror of the coast side in. this county.
It was eventually broken up and punished.
Until within the iast six weeks or two
months, the . county has been compara
tively free from this class of outlaws.
About two months ago Daly & Tiltpn re
ported to the Sheriff that they had lost
one. of their cattle from the Brlttan
ranch,- In West Union. Two weeks later
they reported another one killed. The
first was out up. and carried off. The
second was shot, but not immediately
killed, and succeeded in reaching the road,
where it died. . .
Sheriff Mansfield then commenced an i
Investigation, as a resuJt of which he sns
pecte'd three men, whom he now has un
der arrest. He was informed yesterday
that a steer- belonging to . McClellan
Brothers of Laurel Creek, had been, killed i
and the meat. 'carried away. A man who I
lives in that neighborhood heard a shot;
near the road, and soon afterward met |
Henry Kriess with a gun. He supposed |
Kriess had shot at a rabbit.. On. going i
further up the road he. heard a struggle
in the bushes and found the dying, steer.
Later Kriess and two other raefi named
Trovelyn and Judd came brick and took
the animal away. The tracks of. their ,
wagon ltd 'directly to the Kreiss place, i
and there the meat was found. packed in a !
barrel. The trio was arrested.
YOUNG FITCH IN COUBT.
Arraigned for the Wounding of At
torney Fairall.
STOCKTON, June 3.— Thomas Fitch Jr..
who yesterday shot Attorney C. H. Fair
all, was arraigned to-day and his exarhir
nation set for to-morrow. Fitch was in -a
highly nervous state, and it is expected
that the defense will be temporary mental
irresponsibility. Fa'irall will recover the
use of his arm. The testimony was very
conflicting. Fitch made no effort to glvb
the JSOOO bail bond.
To Bestore Major Wham.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The Houge
to-day consumed much time, but with
out result, considering a bill to author
ize the President to restore to his rank
and duty Major Joseph W. Wham, pay
master of the army, who was suspend
ed in 1890 upon half pay until 1904,
through court-martial proceedings and
executive action.
Forty-nine private pension and re
lief bills were passed and at 2:40 o'clock
the House took a recess until 8 p. m.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
dolsoTpayT
"We do not pay for our best advertising at all; it is carried around on th»
heads and backs of our patrons and worn on their feet. The goods we sell and
the prices we accept for them speak louder than any printed talk we can
buy. Think of it, if you see a suit in wear that we have sold for $10, and find
it exactly like the one you paid $18 for, would you not come to us for the next?
Or a tailor-made ladies' suit for $25, equal or better than your friend's $45
suit bought uptown. We are sure of the trade if we strive to deserve it — not
alone in wearing apparel, but in everything you need. No catchpenny prizes
or gifts, no double profits for credit or installment payments. It is cash.
FINE LOW SHOES 25c
30 pairs left, 2, 2H. 3, V2V 2 of a 300. pair
lot bought at forced sale; real value,
MEN'S LOW SHOES 75c
These' are from same lot, sizes 5, 5%,
6 6Vi. 7, 7'4. S, S',4. sold ' regularly at
$2 50," do nicely for women's wear In the
garden; 65c f,or small sizes.
GIRLS' CAMP SHOES sflc, 65c, 75c
These are closing lots, 13>4, 1, IV4. va-
rious styles, worth $1 25 to $1 75, in
broken lots to close; quality, style and
wear is O. K.
CAMP SUITS $1.5«
These are 33 to 37, for big beys or
small men, good value at 14; from last
year's stock, summer suits, above sizes,
750 up; note size carefully.
CAMP SATCHELS 25c op
We can fit you out with hand bags or
telescopes from the cheapest to the-
b"st, from 14c to $14; do not go else-
where and pay three times the price.
HANDSOME PLAID BLANKETS, pair 75c
For a few days only, good sl*e, fine
quality; Just the thing for children's
beds or to take camping; save 100 per
cent while you can.
C A 1%/iOll\ir* C%l TTPCIT'C ? These and Klondike outfits- . are blgr". ; ; •■•
C AiYlPllNvj Ul) 1 rllO I things in our business.. Buyers or lookers' :_■-
will find us at home with a hand extended to welcome them and glve.them infor^.. . ;
mation of value-not about one thing but everything needed for such • undert^sK •. : :
ings. . ..■■.-. ■.: • ■ ,
We deliver goods anywhere In town promptly.' V ' ■ -I ■'/"■'.■;'.''
>^^^HH^^^B We deliver same day in towns acro.ss the -bay. ; : . ■•■.•.:. ."
\ ipflj^Hp :* We pack safely and guarantee safe carriage! '■'■.'■' •'-.'..••'■:= ~ '
fiSHR i B/BSSm I We make a great point of keeping best goods.. ■• V ■'•'. • '.'• • .•■
■^iSss^bLl'*''*^£SsSß&/ e v " ant to please buyers of all lines. ' -. : '".■'•-.'- "... • .
• ' V^MHJBi^^pl^Py We c~tsct you to buy for your wants, not more. •;•.•■■"• ':'
n^^^S^^^M^/ We understand packing for Alaska or foreign- trad*. .;I. ;I -.' •
s^gES^ 6^>^ All car lines bring you here for a single fare. ■ . ' • ".'*•"■ •-. ' C-. •
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F. ; ■ ■
ARCHITECT d. E. WOLFE,
I 81 FLOOD BUILDING, pledges results en- :
tirely satisfactory to every fair-minded owner ;
i as to cost, quality and otherwise in the erection ;
| of BRICK or FRAME buildings of even' char-
i aeter. SPECIALTIES IN" FLATS, containing ;
■ all modern comforts and niceties, to insure ;
quick renting and retain good tenanta.
SCOTT SPEAKS
OF WARSHIPS
Draws a Lesson From
the Oregon's Run.
COAL AN IMPORTANT FACTOR
■ . ■
VESSELS THAT NEEI> GREATER
CARRYING CAPACITY.
The President of the Union Iron
Works Says the New Monitors
Should Have a Greater
Displacement.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Herald'a
Washington correspondent says: "The
Sun Francisco, of course I take pride
in the San Francisco," said her builder,
Irving M. Scott, to me to-day, at the
BAOfeham.
"And the Oregon— she's different?"
"The Oregon? The Oregon is a bat
tleship, and she is boss of the earth."
Mr. Scott is presiuent of the Union
Iron Works at San Francisco and the
builder of the Oregon. He was enthu
siastic over the battleship's phenomenal
performance in the unbroken run from
San Francisco to Florida. Mr Scott
is now en route to St. Petersburg,
where he will hold important confer
ences touching the building for the
Russian Goveriinu-nt of ships similar
to the Oregon. Leaving Washln
Sunday afternoon he will sail from New
York Tuesday.
"In the design of -the Oregon." con
tinued Mr. Scott, "may be found one
ration of her remarkable run. Ii;
the bklll ana ability of the: engineering
department of the ship, the bravery
and pluck ct Captain Clark, who h:.s
conf-ldei.ee in his engines, the engineers
and men and. in the confidence of the
men in him may be found all other x
planations needed."/ '-; ..-;.;■, :.:• "••:.
"What Is the naval lesson of tho
Oregon and her run?"
"It means that the navy to have a
great fighting capacity must have a
great coal capacity. Why, for example,
look at the Monterey. She Is as per
fect a fighting machine as can be built
for money, but she curries only 900
tun? of coal, whereas her displacement
should be increased SO fli» could carry
800 tons. Her turrets, too, should be
the same size. Then she would be a
match for a battleship. Now that she
is to be towed from Mare Island to
Manila care should be taken to keep
her full of coal so that in cape the haw
ser should be slipped she can stand out
and fight herself out of trouble."
Mr. Scott was frank to disapprove
of the plan of the Government in or
dering four single-turret monitors of
only 2500 tons displacement each and of
only small coal-carrying capacity,
while even the Monterey has 4000 tons
displacement.
YOTJNQ CHBISTIANS MEET.
District Convention of Endeavorers
at Santa Rosa
SANTA ROSA, June 3.— The dlatrfct
convention of the Young People'B Societies
of Christian Endeavor opened at the
First Congregational Church in this city
this afternoon. President W. Shaw of
Cloverdale called the meeting to order,
over 100 delegates and visitors betne pres
ent in addition to the Jocal societies.
Mayor James S. Sweet welcomed the
delegates on behalf of the city; Jay Wil
liam Hudson on behalf of the City Union,
and Rev. W. L. Gaston on behaif of the
churches. The response was made by
President Shaw, who spoke for the dole
gates. To-night the Rev. Dr. George C.
Adams of San Francisco preached the an
nual convention sermon.
CREAM FREEZERS. ....SLBB
These are family size, 2 quarts, but
. 3 Quarts are only $2 10. and 4 quarts
$2 Eft, Celebrated White Mountain •
freezer and a 50-lb bag of ice cream ;
salt free with each one.- .
LAD1E5' WA15T5............ 50c
This is the grade sold af a dollar else-
. where. *VVe take special pains with shirt
waists to get the best and the. nicest
fitting that are made; a few sun stain- ,
ed from the window Rt H price; In. the
better grades, 75c, $1, $1 25, $1 50; perfect
fitting.
GIRLS' SUNDAY-SCHOOL DRESSES 75c
Not the cheap thrown together ones,
but good material and nicely made and
trimmed, less than cost of goods at
credit stores; ages 4 to 14 years; coma, or
send; light or medium.
WALL PAPER, per piece ....... .3c
This is from our new 1898 Importations:
several elegant patterns; single pieces, 8
yards long, or double rolls, 6c; we have
the best assortment of wall papers in :•■ .
town at about -•<.. price of credit stores; •-.
ask for samples. • '
FLOOR MATT1NG............. 5c
This has been wet, but dried and. ■ ; • ■•
bleached; In good order; cheapest floor ... V
covering known; 40 yards,. $1 70. •"•....-'• •:. \
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.— ICES- ' k
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD j«
CO. European plan. Rooms oOc to 11 50 day, -
$6 to $8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths;, hot '
and cold water every room; fire grates In •very
room; elevator runs all night.PREPARING
TO BATTER
SANTIAGO
Formidable Guns for
the Heights Above
the City.
The Defenses of Manila
Are Also Receiving
Careful Attention.
Call Office, Riggs House, Washington, June 3.
The Call correspondent to-night is able to present im
portant additional: details with regard to the expedition
against Santiago, which was described in these dispatches
last night. The military force will constitute a well-balanced
organization specially selected for sharp and effective work,
both in an assault upon a fortified town and an attack upon
vessels within a range of four miles.
The most formidable feature of the artillery equipment
will l>e sixteen siege guns manned by double crews, and
sixty field pieces served by the best experts in the artillery
arm of the military service.
These powerful guns will be rupport
. 1 hy ten batteries of light artillery
and four of heavy artillery, the former
manned by 760 experienced artillery
men, thus giving twelve- men to each
gun. whi< h is ample provision for any
contingency that may: arise:
A large amount of ammunition has
been specially prepared for the batte
ries and siege guns, and the transports
v. ill carry wagon trains for the con
veyance of reserve supplies. . The work
of landing, transporting and mounting
tho artillery will be in the hands of an
enpineer battalion, which will have at
its command a modern Pontoon outfit
to be used both in transporting guns
and ammunition to the shore, .and for
tht> bridging "f such streams as may be
encountered vt v>v.n the landing place
the heights back of Santiago.
The lai si infoi^nation obtainable-in
dicates that thfi expedition will be land
..,j Considerably^ -nearjer Santiago than
w;:p at first planned.:: It was originally
: to make a ! landing in the
of Guantanarno Bay,
thirty miles east of Santiago, for
th>= reason' that good roads were said to
lead from this point through the In
terior to the hills behind the city:
It is understood that the department
has decided that the engineer corps Is
to construct a serviceable road
from any point on the. beach to the
hills in the rear of Santiago, and that
since, in any event, a road would have
to be built from the main highways to
points of vantage for the location of
rips, the route of the expedition
may be materially shortened without
greatly increasing the difficulties to be
encountered.
• uving to the strict censorship now
in force at all Gulf ports It cannot be
definitely stated whether the advance
guard of the Santiago expedition has
left for Cuba or not, but it Is known
that thp artillery, the ■ pontoon outfit
and General Roy Stone's road mak
ins machinery Were embarked on six
transports at least forty-eight hours
ago. . •
Twenty-five hundred Infantry will
accompany the expedition, and . their
embarkation will probably immediate
ly precede the departure of the artillery
transports for the Windward Passage,
which it is now understood will be the
route followed In reaching Santiago.
It Is not likely that any news will be
received from the Santiago expedition
within the next seven days. Assum
ing that the transports leave immed
iately it would require four days : to
reach the landing place, and at least
two days to disembark the artillery
and for the troops to scale the hills and
establish the batteries. Even should
an immediate and decisive engagement
take place it will be seen news can
hardly reach Washington before the
end of next week. ;
The Navy Department to-day ire*--'
cHved the first official information re
garding the operations against the bat
teries of Santiago. Commodore Schley's
terse report of that affair closes with
the statement that he is quite satis
fied the Spanish fleet Is in Santiago.
In view of Schley's report and the in
structions forwarded to Admiral Samp
son, who is now In command of the
vnpsHs before Santiago, it is expected
that preparations will be made for a
naval attack coincidently with the as
sault by the American land batteries.
<''>nfirmation is given by the depart
ment to the report that preparatory to
this work the Vesuvius will be sent in
to explode the triple line of. mines in
the mouth of the harbor with charges
of dynamite fired from her fifteen.pneu
matir guns. Charges of gun cotton
weighing f.iK) pounds, capable of ex
ploding a wklp area of mines, can be
fired from this unique vessel at a dis
tance of two mil^s, and it is assumed
that in "xe^uting this maneuver the
heaviest rifles in the fleet will be em
ployed to protect the Vesuvius from the
fir^ of the land batteries.
For the first time since the war be
gan the administration is endeavoring
to prepare and observe a schedule of
future operations. In this programme
the capture of Santiago and the de
struction of Cervera's fleet are sched
uled for accomplishment prior to June
is/Contemporaneously, or immediately
afterward, San Juan, Porto Rico, will
be bombarded and invested with a land
force sufficient to hold it against any
Spanish fleet that may cross the At
lantic to retake it. t
These operations, together with the
reinforcement of Dewey in the Philip
pines, the administration believes, are
likely to bring Spain to her senses with
out the necessity of bombarding the
should not be realized. General Miles'
original plan of landing 100,000 troops
west of Havana will be rapidly develop
ed and Spain's last stronghold in the
western hemisphere speedily destroyed.
A Paris cable announcing positively
that Cervera's fleet had proceeded to
the Philippines from Cape Verde in
stead of to the West Indies, and that
Admiral Villamll's squadron is the one
bottled up in Santiago harbor, was rkli
culed at the Navy Department even be
fore Schley's official report came to
day.
The administration has no fear that
Spain will make an effort to regain the
Philippines, as the attempt would be
hopeless. In addition to the Monterey
and Monadnock, the gunboat Benning
ton, now at Honolulu, will be sent to
Manila.' Orders to that effect were to
day sent to Admiral Miller, command
ing the Pacific station. It is said that
the Bennington will convoy the third
Philippine expedition. With the arrival
of these vessels. Admiral Dewey will
have one of the most formidable fleets
afloat. If will consist of twelve ves
sels—the Olympia, Monterey, Monad
nock, Boston, Baltimore, Raleigh,
Charleston, Concord, Petrel, Benning
ton, McCulloch and the transport Za
firn.
These vessels will, together, mount 192
guns. There will be In the fleet two
twelve-inch, four ten-inch, twelve
eight-inch, twenty-two five-inch rapid
fire guns, a large number of six and
four inch, one, two and three pounders,
and fourteen terrible Gatling guns.
But even with this powerful squad
ron, other measures will be taken to
render the harbor of Manila absolutely
Impregnable against assault. A large
number of mines each containing fifty
pounds of guncotton are being con
veyed to Manila on the City of Peking.
This is a fact vouched for by a prom
inent War Department official. These
mines are of the kind sent to the North
Atlantic squadron at the request of
Rear Admiral Sampson. One hundred
and fifty thousand dollars will also be
expended for. torpedoes for Manila har
bor.. These elaborate preparations for
the defense of the Philippines would
seem to indicate that this Government
is preparing to occupy the island for a
considerable length of time, if not per-
. manently. ■
Assistant Secretary Meiklejohn said
to. a Call, correspondent to-night that
no definite time had been fixed for the
departure ; of the Colon, China, Zealan
dia. Centennial and Ohio, comprising
the second Manila expedition, with 5000
troops aboard, but he believed it would
sail oh Monday or Tuesday; at any
rate, not iater than the middle of next
week. ■ - . . •
SPAIN'S EXPEDITION
TO THE PHILIPPINES.
Minister Correa Says Troops Will Be
Prepared to Start at any
Moment.
MADRID, June B.— ln the Chamber
of Deputies to-day Lieutenant General
Correa, Minister of War, in reply to
an .inquiry as to whether a Spanish ex
pedition would be sent to the Philip
pines, said the Government was delib
erating on the matter, and that troops
would be ready to depart the moment
they were required.
Senor Azcarrate, Republican, spoke
against the proposal that the House
should order a prosecution of Senor
Castelar, the distinguished Republican
statesman, for his article attacking the
Queen Regent. .He contended that the
Queen Regent was not inviolable, like
a monarch, and he recalled the con-,
duct of previous regents, which had
been criticized without causing scan
dal.
Senor Sagasta replied: "Parliamen
tary immunity is worthy of respect;
but the inviolability of the crown ousht
to be defended with the utmost ener
gy. Parliamentary immunity does not
extend to acts outside the chambers of
Parliament and it is a pity that pre
cious time should be wasted in such
a discussion."
The House then decided to pass the
order of the day and a discussion of
the budget was resumed.
Senor Castelar, who is now at Ali
cante, has declared to an interviewer
that he will not come to Madrid to de
fend himself, observing at the samo
time that the article in question "does
not attack the Queen Regent, but the
courtiers; and this has been permitted
under absolute monarchs."
English Correspondents Released.
HAVANA, June 3.— The English
newspaper correspondents, Whigham
and Robinson, recently captured after
having been landed on the roast, have
been released, owing to the represent
ations made in their behalf by Alex
jyadei; Gollln# the British Consul. —
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
SCHLEY MAKES
SHORT REPORT
Tells of Reconnaissances
at Santiago.
SHOOTING AT LONG RANGE
SPANISH SQUADRON FIRES OVEB
A HILL AT BANDOM.
Captain Sigsbee With the St. Paul
Returns to New York and Will
Carry Official Dispatches to
Washington.
Epec.aJ Dispatch to The Call.
WASHINGTON, June B.— The
Navy Department has bulletined
the following report from Com
modore Schley:
"Secretary of the Navy, "Wash
ington: Made reconnaissance
this afternoon, May 31. with the
Massachusetts, lowa and New
Orleans to develop fortifications
with theiT character. The fire
was returned without delay by
the heavy batteries to the east
and to the west, large caliber,
long ranges. The range was
7000 yards. Reconnaissance de
veloped the presence of the
Spanish squadron lying behind
the island near the upper fort,
as they fired over the hill at ran
dom. Quite satisfied the Span
ish fleet is here. SCHLEY."
NEW YORK, June 3.— The United
States auxiliary cruiser St. Pau?, Cap
tain Sigsbee commanding, came into
port early to-day. Captain Sigsbee
went ashore and thence proceeded to
the nnvy-yard. He refused to be in
terviewed regarding the recent service
of his ship in the vicinity of Santiago
de Cuba at which port, It has been
said, Captain Sigsbee ran tha St. Paul
well into the mouth of the harbor and
obtained ihe first definite information
of the presence there of Admiral Cer
vera's squadron. After visiting Com
modore Bunce at. the navy-yard, Cap
tain Sigsbee relaxed from his service
sufficiently to say to a reporter:
"I had target practice right along j
from the first day I arrived at Santi- i
ago, on May 22, and while none of my
men have been in the service long, I
am well satisfied with their work at
the guns. We have not been in any
fight so far, but my men will give a
good account of themselves. It was
on the 25th that we captured the Res
tormel. I knew that the Spaniards
needed coal very badly and I made
every effort to see that they did not
get it. While off Santiago with Schley
I saw two more Spanish cruisers, and
Sohley saw two torpedo-boats. There
is no question that they are bottled up
as tight as can be in Santiago harbor.
I went in so close that I made sketches
of their fortifications, which 1 am send
ing to Washington.
"Their guns could easily have
reached m<\ but the batteries made no
attempt to fire, for what reason I do j
not know. It may be the Spaniards
did not want to reveal the strength and
location of their guns. lam going to
Washington with dispatches from the
fleet, and as soon as we have coaled
and provisioned we shall put to sea
again. This probably will not be for
three or four days.
"As soon as I arrived outside the
harbor of Santiago there were indica
tions of the presence of Cervera's fleet
on the inside beyond the hills. I hugged
the mouth of the harbor so closely that
it would have been impossible for any
thing afloat to sneak out without our
seeing them. It was on the third or
fourth day after our arrival that I saw
two Spanish vessels, which I was sure
were the Vizcaya and the Cristobal
Colon. They crept cautiously into the
stream and got to the middle of the
channel. As soon as they caught sight
of me they scampered back as rapidly
as they could steam.
"As soon as we arrived off the harbor
I announced my presence by the cour
tesy of a salute, taking as a target one
rrf the Spanish forts. The fort evidently
did not intend to accord me the cour
tesy due in return, for its guns re
mained silent. When I was satisfied
with the practice my men had had, I
steamed the St. Paul out of range and
resumed scout duty outside the mouth
of the harbor.
"It was directly under the guns of a
fort and within easy range that I took
the Restormel, with 2400 tons of crral
aboard. This coal was evidently in
tended for the Spanish fiVet, and for
the Reatorrrrel to run our blockade and
enter Santiago harbor would of itself
have been good evidence that the Span
ish were there. We had to fire several
Bhotfl at her before she hove to. I put
a prize crew aboard and sent the col
lier to Key West.
"During the period I was at Santiago
Rchley came and went several times,
cruising a little to the westward, but
the St. Paul remained off Santiago har
bor for all of the eight days. It was on
May 29 that I saw heavy lines of smoke
from what I at first thought was the
Spanish squadr.on coming to the relief
rrf ( 'orvera. There was great excite
ment nn board the St. Paul, and I im
mediately put out after the fleet. I
soon found that the smoke was com
ing from Schley's ships returning to
the entrance of the harbor. On this
day both Schley and myself saw again
positive evidences that the Spanish
fleet was still bottled up in Santiago
harbor."
CARDINAL VAUGHAN
WRITES ON ALLIANCE.
Rejoices at the Prospect of Closer
Friendsnip Between English-
Speaking Haces.
NEW YORK, June 3.— A dispatch
from London says: Cardinal Yaughan,
in a letter to K. T. Stead, on Anglo-
American relations, rejoices at the
prospect of a closer friendship of those
who are one with Englishmen In blood,
language and ideas. The letter closes:
"Personally 1 deplore the fact that
the United States has chosen war with
a weak power like Spain instead of ar
bitration, which was the alternative.
But I would not allow such disapproval
to stand in the way of the great bene
fit that may result from an entente
cordiale between England and Amer
ica. If the two peoples combine and
encourage each other to make justice
and the moral law international and
universal, so far as their influence
shall extend, they will end by reinstat
ing In the world the standard which
the Christianized civilization of mod
ern Europe has laid low."
Watsonville in Line.
WATSONVILLK. June 3.— A local
branch of the Red Cross Society has
been organized in Watsonville with a
membership of thirty. Work will be
gin in earnest at once. j
TROUBLES OF
THE TEMERARIO
Must Put to Sea or Be
Dismantled.
DEMAND MADE ON PARAGUAY
THAT GOVEBNMENT EXPECTED
TO OBEY THE DICTUM.
The Spanish Torpedo Gun Vessel Has
Outstayed Its Welcome in a
Neutral Port Under the
International Law.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, June 3.— The Washing
ton correspondent of the Herald sends
the following: Spain's torpedo gun ves
sel, the Temerario, will be dismantled,
her guns removed and be put in as in
effective condition as possible or else
leave the waters of Paraguay at once.
This is the dictum of the United States,
and Paraguay is expected to obey it to
the letter.
Instructions to this effect have been
cabled to Minister William R. Finch,
the representative of this Government
in Paraguay, and he will lay it at once
before the Paraguayan Government.
No doubt exists in the minds of the
officials that the commanding officers of
the Temerario will comply with the de
mand of this Government. Paraguay
requested him to proceed to sea, prom
ising to give him enough supplies to
take him to the nearest friendly port.
The Temerario's commander, however,
replied that the condition of his ves
sel was such that he could not put to
sea; she was unseaworthy, and before
he could proceed on a voyage he would
have to make considerable repairs.
This statement was laid before the
representative of this Government, who
forwarded it to Washington, and as a
result of a conference to-day between
Acting Secretary of the Navy Allen and
Secretary of State Day a demand that
the Temerario be immediately dis
mantled if Paraguay permitted the ves
sel to remain within her boundaries
was cabled to the American Minister.
EITHER MERRIAM
OR OTIS RESPONSIBLE.
It Seems the War Department Did
Not Move Troops From, the
Presidio to Richmond.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— Members of
the California delegation were to-day
in receipt of telegrams from the Cham
ber of Commerce of San Francisco, rep
resenting that the water supply, sew
erage, etc., at the Presidio were inad
equate, and that, inasmuch as other
cities and towns in California were
anxious to furnish camping grounds for
the troops, the Presidio should be put
in condition.
The Senators and Representatives
failed to see the advantage that might
accrue from this improvement, now
that most of the troops have been
transferred from the Presidio to Camp
Richmond. The Call correspondent in
quired at the War Department to-day
why this change was made and by
whose orders. Each one of the offi
cials seen affected entire ignorance of
the matter. Finally Assistant Secre
tary Meiklejohn said that orders for
the temporary occupation of certain
grounds for camping purposes are not
issued from the War Department, but
that such matters are left to the dis
cretion of the general in command. The
inference was, therefore, that either
General Otis or General Merriam had
given orders for the change. But
whether or not, it is certain that Sec
retary Alger is aware that San Fran
cisco people have criticized the removal
of the troops from the best and most
natural camp in the Presidio to the
Bay District track, for a California
Congressman interviewed him to-day.
INSURGENTS BEGIN
FORWARD MOVEMENT.
Spaniards Report That the Cubans
Were Defeated, But This May
Safely Be Doubted.
NEW YORK, June 3.— A dispatch
from London says: A Havana dis
patch says the insurgents have com
menced a forward movement against
the Spanish outposts. A force of 500
insurgents under Garcia attacked a hill
fort near Holguin, but the garrison,
composed of fifty volunteers, made a
determined resistance and mowed down
the Cubans at short range. Garcia
retired, leaving sixty-eight killed and
wounded, exclusive of many that were
carried off.
A dispatch from Key West says:
Blanco has withdrawn large bodies of
troops from the coast line to Cardenas,
Matanzas, Havana and Cienfuegos,
leaving only a light patrol at the va
cated points.
Gilroy's Red Cross Work.
GILROY, June 3.— The ladles of this
city have organized a Red Cross So
ciety, with Mrs. R. C. Storey, president;
Mrs. M. A. Farrar. vice president; Miss
Wilson, corresponding secretary, Mrs.
W. Franklin, recording secretary; Miss
Carrie Rea, treasurer. The Ladies' Mite
Society and Guild have cut out about
500 emergency bandages, and Miss Ann
Ousley, who started the good work,
has made over 100 bandages. These will
be sent to the Red Cross headquarters
in San Francisco.
<^bad^wrv%
K Is Indicated by heavy eye*, lipoll before the eyes mean ~*
m disease. Liver troubles are due, to excesses. Y-^u like to W^
sf eat; you love, to lie at ease; you do what you oaght not to »l
m .do. The consequence is what Is known as "Bad liver.". ft
B ' You could eat all you desire; you might take all the rest M
m . you feel you need and have .no "Bad liver." The whole ■
■ truth Is this: Your nervous system is weak. You have ■
■ been guilty of folly. . No ; matter whether in youth or in. B
■ manhood — you have sinned against the laws of nature. You H
■ are the sufferer now. - "Hudyan" will make up for your fol- M
& lies. It has made 20,000 manly men. Out of that vast army . B:>.-. ';.
m not one case was presented that "Hudyan" failed to cure. tx
■ Ask for circulars and testimonials telling TRUTH about 9
■ its -Brand work. They are as free as sunshine to you. ■ ■ m
m RI OOn ' '■ Wlson ■ 'Is prevalent. When - you notice a slight flf
■'■■ ul,\j\ju thinning of the eyebrows, a few tiny ulcers in the . • m 
B, moillh. or some slight copper-colored spots on the body, a
BV you know you are a sufferer. Ask then for "30-day blood '.'.■ M
M- ; cure" circulars. These are free, too. The "30-day cure" M
B^ eets all the poison out quickly. Swift and sure. # M
I^^L Hudson Medical Institute, Stockton, Market &■ Ellis Sts M ''■'.■
% if you ai:e weak and DOWN ask for ' m a
•f^w XiP A ' J^^^
HAS SAILED
FROM CADIZ
Spanish Squadron Said
to Have Departed.
STORIES AS TO DESTINATION
ONE IS THAT THE SHIPS AJEtE
GOING TO AID CERVEBA.
Assertions at Madrid That the Ad
miral Is Not at Santiago, but
Is on the Way to the
Philippines.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
GIBRALTAR, June 3.— lt is an
nounced here that the Spanish squad
ron has sailed, but the date of its sail
ing was not mentioned, nor was the
destination of the warships siren.
PARIS, June 3.— There is a persist
ent belief here and at Madrid that Ad
miral Cervera is not at Santiago de
Cuba. The correspondent of the Gau
lois at Madrid telegraphs from there,
saying he has learned from the high
est authority that Admiral Cervera has
never been in the harbor of Santiago
de Cuba and that the Spanish ships
there belong to Captain Villami's tor
pedo squadron.
It appears from the information gath
ered by the Gaulois correspondent that
Admiral Cervera, after leaving the
Cape Verde Islands, "maneuvered so
as to deceive the Americans and then
started at full speed for the Philip
pines, where the fleet is to arrive on
Saturday or Sunday. His orders are to
destroy Admiral Dewey's fleet and then
to intercept, capture or destroy the
American transports on their way to
the Philippine Islands from San Fran
cisco."
MADRID, June 3.— The Pais, a prom
inent republican organ, says it is ru
mored that the United States fleet has
made a second attack upon Santiago
de Cuba, and that the Americans
forced an entrance into the harbor. In
Spanish circles here the report is not
believed to be true. The Madrid
newspapers maintain that Admiral Cer
vera's fleet is sailing in the direction
of the Philippines.
REPORTED NEARING
WEST INDIAN WATERS.
Here Is a Story That the Ships From
Cadiz Are Going to Cervera'a
Relief.
KINGSTON, Jamaica, June 2 (de
layed in transmission).— The corre
spondent here of the Associated Press
has been informed from an apparently
authentic source at Port Antonio, this
island, that a Spanish fleet from Cadiz
is nearing West Indian waters, and
should be off Santiago de Cuba to-mor
row, in order to reinforce the fleet of
Admiral Cervera. The Spanish fleet
is said to consist of sixteen warships,
battle-ships and three torpedo-boats.
The British second-class cruiser In
defatigible, Captain George A. Prim
rose, has sailed for Santiago with sev
eral doctors on board, In order to watch
the impending battle and to aid the
wounded.
The information that the Cadiz
squadron has sailed comes from Eng
lish sources and seems trustworthy.
On the other hand, Senor de Castro,
the Spanish Consul, declares that he
does not think the Cadiz squadron has
sailed for the West Indies, as he be
lieves Admiral Cervera can defend him
self alone.
DO NOT BELIEVE THE
CADIZ FLEET HAS SAILED.
Navy Department Officials Refuse to
Be Frightened at What They
Declare to Be a Bugaboo.
"WASHINGTON, June 3.—Notwith
standing the rather positive state
ment coming from Jamaica to
the effect that the second Span
ish fleet from Cadiz has crossed
the Atlantic and is about to join Cer
vera to-day at Santiago, the officers of
the Navy Department refuse to be
frightened at what they declare to be a
bugaboo.
It appears that the basis of their
confidence is a telegraphic report of as
late date as yesterday declaring that
the Cadiz fleet is still at Cadiz. More
over, they know that there are not as
many as sixteen ships in that fleet.
RED CROSS WORK
HERE TO BE AIDED.
Chairman Barton Says a Member of
the American National Associa
tion Will Go to California.
NEW YORK, June 3. — Chairman
Stephen E. Barton, vice-president of
the American National Red Cross So
ciety and chairman of the Central Cu
ban Relief Committee, said to-day it
was probable that some member of the
American National Red Cross will pro
ceed to California in the immediate fu
ture to assist and advise in the work
inaugurated there. Miss Barton, too.
he said, would doubtless make appli
cation for a commission from the Pres
ident for providing the Pacific with a
relief ship in the event of such under
taking being deemed advisable or
necessary.
ADVEBTISEMENTS. " /'. ' ' _; ° ' >
| All Frisco Is I I
| At Our Doors! |
y It seems as if there Is no • • ''&'■
Send to the steady stream jj :
S of buyers which daily ■'.- : R .
3 surge into our immense • |
|| establishment. ... gj
fg Andwhynot? Remem- . • '-| i
S And why not? Remem- , 1
ber, we are not simply ex-
clusive retailers, we are '..••. '|j •
1/ manufacturers and whole- *
! manufacturers and during • ffi
salers as well, and during
this phenomenal sale both \ ' . jfi
makers' and wholesalers' . . : .;-S
. profits have been cut off. . . %
jf The result is your choice • .11
|1 . of an immense wholesale , ; .W
|| stock at almost half regu- H!H 1
{9 lar selling price. .'" / j;
H Our $863 line has somewhat dwindled down since |j
(8 this sale commenced, but we have still several hundred 'j
Si suits to choose from. Bear in mind no other store can •/('.
|4 duplicate them for less than $13. 00, for we have legiti- .^
1/ mately • reduced them from $12.30. They comprise
f Sing and Double Breast Sacks — all the latest weaves .g )
S and colorings, lined with the best of farmer's satin or ■:•/
|| mohair serge. Entire garment sewed with silk. * Vv*:fc %
Trousers, I
!^ An Immense line of all-wool Pants sold • ■$> ,
. . during this sale for $1.65, $1.85, $2.00 and $2.50. -\:'--& !
M Greatly reduced and worth double. '. •' .' • p™ '%
| Overcoats, s
1| ' We have a tremendous stock of Top '■'•'*?i
•o\ Coats and Overcoats in Coverts, Kerseys, Beavers, .-.''••ra'-"
T Cheviots and Worsteds, sold during this sale for •• .W
a $7.50, $10.00, $12.50 and $15.00. Greatly reduced -'^
'M " . from former selling price. . ; . : ' (fi
I Ball and Bat 1
SFREE with each pur- /^gss^J) "■ ':■'.•'■'''..""• : "\
c| chase. We have taken a **»^«4 w[ ■ ■'•-:-. — ■•• JJ
|] lot of the prettiest kind of ■■•<?■/■ "•• - ; •••••'•■• " : /?'
S Sailor Suits, Reefer Suit- (^^^^^^^^sj '■■ .'• :; ll
and Middies in the latest 1 /-^ ••'■;-m
shades, richly braided and *y l^^t§vS^J •" •• W
elegantly trimmed, and re-. J^^^z^^^^^^^ ' • ' $
Sduced them from their for- • ( fe^" '« /J^yvMT 32^^ "*m •
mer price of $3.00 to $3.50. ■ gS(_JjO ] J^X^A'-i
The Reefer Suits have that (^)j %/■ W^^; '|«
deep sailor collar, prettily i I ' Al^^*"'^ s'-W
S braided and designed in sea- .c) if —^ ; .-Mfi
' sonable and fashionable ' J I;. • C)l ' '-''-W
colors, ages 3to 1O years. 111 / ' ' a
The little Mddy Suits have . '■ nJJmm' . ' ifl^
{B a vest handsomely braided— Bra liS . • ' „||
.».-■ likewise the collar. ' -^[ pi- a'
H Goods cheerfully ex- F| '__ J\_. • ®
* * changed or money refunded. /:=! > Si
s. n?wood& co., !
I 718 Market Street. . |
34
THIRD PARTY
DISAPPEARING
Losing Its Identity in
California.
ONE RESULT OF FUSION
POPULIST VOTE DWINDLING
RAPIDLY.
Data of the Last Election Indicative
of the Early and Complete Ob
literation of This Political
Faction.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— The Peo
ple's party is losing its identity in the
State of California. Secretary of State
Brown on May 28 sent a circular letter
to the various County Clerks through
out the State, in which he asked for
the following information:
"Will you kindly favor me by sending
to this office the total People's party
vote in your county at the election of
I£9& 1 wish only the total and not the
detailed vote. The vote was added to
that of the Democratic party, and,
thinking - perhaps you had it segregated.
I have taken the Liberty to write, ir
there' is any way whereoy you can as
certain sniu vote without going to too
much trouble 1 would appreciate the
favor.
Replies have been received from
Mono, Inyo, San Mateo, Butte, San
Luis Obispo, Modoc, Fresno. San Fran
cisco. Monterey, Kings and Kern coun
ties The reply in each instance states
that by reason of the fusion with the
Democrats no record was obtained
Knowing the number of votes cast by
•he Populists. The Clerk of Kern
County writes:
The People's party did not have a ticket
in the flela, but Fused with the Democrats !
and generally voted that ticket, so tin ri-
Is i. "tiling to show 'What their strength
was. ■ •
Ail the other replies are in substance
■ the same. . ■ •
Were it not for the. fact that several
. Republican counties returned the Pop
ulist vote as segregated, the Populists
would at the coining, election be. withr
• out the mt ana of showing the percent
age of their vote, and. hot being able
•to show 3 per cent of the -vote' cast,* they
could not be recognized.- as a political
organization, and the only way they
could secure a place on the State. ticket
would be by petition.
The counties which returned no seg
regation of the vote were Colusa, El
dorado, Fresno, . Glenn, Kern, Kings,.
. Lake, Madera. Modoc, San feenito, San
Francisco, Blakiyou, Stanislaus and
Tulare. All these ; being Democratic
counties it would seem that.it was the
design of tfhe Democracy to obliterate
all traces of the Populists as a party.
.. The present scheme to fuse under the
head of Democracy will, in all proba
bility, if carried out, result in the final
obliteration of the Populists as a
party. ■■■;:•■.
Secretary of , State Brown, in speak
ing of. the endeavor to. bring about a
fusion," said. to-day..:, .' -...".
"It is amusing to note' the eagerness
which the leaders, of the Democrats dis
play in their, endeavor, to bring about
• fusion with the Pedple's Party. If the
Populists fuse, with the Democracy,
having in view the accomplishment of
•but one of its several principles (and
the two parties agree' on silver only,
with that question being national, and
not State), they are nothing more nor
less than an annex in disguise lo the
Democratic party. If, after the treat
ment accord- d the People's Party, by
its partner in fusion at the election in
1896, wherein a determined effort was
made by the State Democratic Com
mittee to wipe It out of existence, by
having its vote counted in with the
Democratic group only, and the action
of the national committee in ignoring
the People's Party candidate, Watson,
the party enters into a coalition with
the Democracy at this time, It u ill
be its ending.
"In- the election of 1892, the People's
Party vote was, approximately, 88,000.
In the State election of 1594, only two
years subsequent, it equaled nearly 52,
000. In lhDti, under fusion, for the first
time, the vote fell on the face of the
returns to 22,000. In the very nature of
things,, the larger and older party, if
fusion continues, will utterly engulf the
other. The smaller organization in fu
sion,, loses its individuality and char
acter, .being overwhelmed by the larger
of the two parties. If it is the desire
of the People's Party to live only for a
day, as it were, it could not do better
than to kwp up fusion. t
"In arranging the fusion, ballot, it
will be Impossible' to have the- names of
the two political parties opposite the
■ names of their candidates, because the
vo-tes cannot be segregated. The only
course fusionists can pursue is to al
ternate with the names of their respec
tive parties, and that can be brought
about'only by making alternative nom
inations in their conventions. TheSilver
Republicans, should they enter the
fusion scheme, will have to petition,
and if the name' 'Silver Republican' ap
pears opposite the name of either can
didate of. the other two parties, then it
kills the two organizations for the fu
ture, because it would be impossible to
segregate the vote of the two, and
thereby determine which received the 3
per -cent of all the votes cast." .
That the Populists, have suffered
greatly : from. their affiliation with the
Democrats is demonstrated by the fol- j
lowing facts:
In Lsf»4, without fusion, they cast 235 I
votes i-n Amador; in 1896, with fusion,
they cast 7. r > votes in Amador.
In 189'4, without fusion, they cast 557
votes in Tehama: in 1K96, with fusion,
they. cast 294 vo^ps in Tehama.
In 1894, without fusion, they cast 444
votes ln'Yolo; in 1596, with fusion, they
cast 95 votes in Yolo.
It> 1894, without fusion, they cast 945 i
votes in -Mjpndocino; in 1596, with fu
sion., they cast 352 votes in Mendoclno.
RUSSIAN GARRISON
ATTACKED BY NATIVES
Twenty Soldiers Killed and Eighteen
*• ••' ; . . Wounded at a Post in
■! :*'•. •;•* . Turkestan.
: .;' .ST. "PETERSBURG. June 3.— A sensation
h'ai'.been created In official circles here by
th.e^hews of an unexpected attack, by MOO
• natives' on .a Russian post garrisoned by
■ 300-jhf-aniry af the. town of Andijan, prov
ince (>f Ferghana. Turkestan. It is said
twenty of the soldiers were killed and
eighteen*, wounded.
Xo such reverse to the Russian arms
has .occurred in': Central Asia in many
years."' . • .•
T'le lourth at Gilroy.
GJLROY. June B.— GUroy will celebrate
tRe Fntirth of July, in' a fitting manner.
Th<> ladies '.of Jhccity. assisted by the Fire
; -Department, will -have charge of'the day's
prrfKramme. A parade, a barbecue and
literary exercises at Lewis Grove con
cluding with .a ball at night, will conati
/ tute the day's programme.
• An Aged Widow Pensioned.
WASHINGTON/ June 3. - To-night's
cession of the House was devoted to bills
granting penßions" and correcting mili
tary record*. : Among those acted on fa
vorably was one pensioning Nancy Ber
ger of Pennsylvania, the widow, 105 years
of ago. of a soldier of 1812. More than
sixty bills were acted upon. It being con
sidered as probably the last pension ses
sion of the present session of Congress
there was a great struggle of members
to have their respective measures taken
up. , •
INVESTIGATING CARSON'S
ORPHANAGE SCANDAL
Former Employe Testifies Against
the Management of the
Home.
CARSON, June 3.— Tho investigation of
the charges against the management of
the Orphans' Home began to-day.
Charges were preferred against Mr. and
Mrs. .Beebe for alleged incompetency,
lack of discipline, cruelty and allowing
a grave scundal to continue for a year,
involving the assistant matron and an
inmate of the home.
Charles Day, a former employe, who
had resigned, testified that Beebe had
said he would like to kill Joe Moran, and,
after stripping and beating Moran black
and blue, had compelled him to stand in
a tank of cold water an hour. He had
compelled Robert Heritage to cut ice un
til he dropped from exhaustion, and
awakened him at midnight and compelled
him to work until 6 o'clock in the evening'
with only a bite to eat. tie had told tne
boys to "lay the school teacher out" and
to "throw bar out of the window." The
teacher was a Miss Moore. It was also
alleged that a boy named Stan ton spent
his evenings in the apartments of the
Beams tress.
The prosecution promises to present
evidence to-morrow to bear out the more
serious charges affecting the morality of
the Institution.
-♦
WHITE SLAVES TOIL
IN RAILWAY CAMPS.
Horrible Sufferings of the Men Em- '
ployed on the Crows Nest Pass
Line.
VANCOUVER, June 3.— The report on i
the Crows Nest Pass Railway by Com- ''■
missloners appointed by the Government !
to Investigate the grievances of the men
discloses a terrible condition of affairs on
the line. It first shows that 4300 men are i
employed, brought there by misrepre- i
mentation on the part of Agent M. J. j
Haney, manager of construction of the
Canadian Pacific- Railroad. It states that
the men are ill used in many ways, and
that those who left or were discharged
were refused food and had to walk nun
dreds of miles, Buuering from hunger and
exposure; In many camps the meu were
compelled to sleep in tents until January (
Without Stoves, and in some camps to in- ;
habit filthy places filled with vermin.
Many of the men who were examined
testified that they felt like prisoners in a
Btrange land. They were prohibited from
speaking while at work, and were treat
ed by some of the bosses like slaves and !
prisoners". At the rate 01 pay received
they would at the end of one year be out ,
of uocket and unable to return home.
The appointment of a Government offl
cer. with magisterial power to see that
the men are treated properly is recom- I
mended by the Commissioners.
ENDANGERED LIVES OF
FERRY PASSENGERS.
Collision Between the Steamers Sau
salito and Tiburon Barely-
Averted.
SAUSALITO. June 3.— The frl<>ndl>
practice of racing, in which the ferr>
boats Tiburon and Sausalito have been
engaging for some time, came near end
ing In a collision last evening under such
circumstances that the sinking of one or
both boats and loss of life must certainly
have resulted. Both boats start from the
terry slips at the foot of Market street
on their last trip to the Marin County
shore at 6:.^) p. in. Yesterday evening, as
usual, they entered upon a contest of
The Tiburon got a hundred feet
the start, but the Sausalito gradually
pulled up to her.
When opposite Angel Island Captain
White of the Tiburon veered slightly from
his former course, the new course taking
him obliquely across the Sausalito's bow.
A collision seemed certain and a panic
seized the passengers crowding both
boats, but Captain Wilson of the Sausa
lito reversed his engines in time to per
mit his adversary to cross by a narrow
margin— about twenty or thirty feet.
Otherwise the Sausalito would have
struck the Tiburon amidship at full
speed.
OUTLAW "JIM" PARKER
DIES ON THE GALLOWS.
Train Bobber and Murderer of Lee
Norris Pays the Penalty for
His Crimes.
PRESCOTT, Ariz., June 3.-^Jamea Par
ker, the train robber and murderer, was
hanged In the enclosure of the courthouse
this morning. The arrival here of six of
his old friends from Vlsalia, Cal., Wednes
day night caused a rumor yesterday that
an" effort would be made to prevent the
execution, but no demonstration took
place.
Parker spent a restless night In jail.
When everything was in readiness he
said:
"I have not much to say. I claim I am
getting something that ain't due me,
but I guess every one going- to be hanged
says the same thing."
The cap was then pulled over his head,
the noose adjusted and the murderer of
Lee Norris satisfied the demand of the
law. His neck was broken.
Jesuits' Villa Burned.
SANTA CRUZ, June 3.— The Jesuits' i
Villa, the summer home of Jesuit Fath- I
ers, Brothers and professors of Santa |
Clara College, situated at San Andreas, ;
below Aptos, caught fire last evening \
from a defective flue and burned to the j
ground. Brother Delzano was on the '•
f)lace at the time, being over from col- ,
ege as the advance guard to get things '
into readiness for the priests, who were ,
to come later. In the house were all the !
tents and camp outfit used during the j
summer vacation.
Belmont's Colt a Winner.
LONDON, June 3.— At the third day's
racing at the Manchester Whitsuntide
meeting to-day August Belmont's three
year-old chestnut colt Bridegroom II won
the Carlton Maiden plate, 103 sovereigns,
for three-year-olds and upward, distance
one mile. Nine horses ran, including the
Lorillard-Beresford stable's three-year-old
chestnut filly Bloozen, which was not
placed.
Arrest of a "Moonshiner."
SAN JOSE, June 3.— David del Conte
was arrested to-day "by Deputy Revenue
Collector Flannery and Special Agent
Thrasher for "moonshining." The still
w;ls found in the hills between Hall's
Valley .and Mount Hamilton. Del Conte
had been making grape brandy and sev
eral cases were confiscated. He admitted
hie guilt and will be brought before the
United States Commissioner to-morrow.
Scottish Athletes Gather.
SACRAMENTO, June 3.— Scottish ath
letes are gathering here to-night to take
part in the annual Caledonian games to
morrow. The best known Scottish ath
letes in the State will compete for the
prize?, which amount t<> over $1000. « Tom
Carroll, the world's champion hammer
thrower, will essay to break his own
record, made in this city.
Search for a Missing Man.
SANTA ROSA, June 3.— The officers of
this county are hunting in the hills near
Rincon Valley for Andrew Jimberta, who
has been missing from his home in the
valley for some weeks. The man's condi
tion when last seen was such as to cause
his friends to believe he was on the verge
of insanity.
Sentenced for Cruelty.
SAN RAFAEL, June 3.— William Van
ning, who pleaded gruilty to a charge of
cruelty to animals, was to-day sentenced ■
to 120 days' imprisonment in the County I
Jail and to pay a fine of |250. The case i
will be appealed.
Santa Barbara Election.
SANTA BARBARA. June 3.— ln to-day's
election 1122 votes were polled. C. A.
Edwards received 809 majority over Dr.
C. 8. Stoddard.
THE SAl* FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
NEGRO BURNED
AT THE STAKE
Awful Vengeance of a
Texas Mob.
ITS VICTIM DIES GAMELY
UTTERS NO WORD AS FLAMES
ENVELOP HIM.
Speeches Made to Colored Spectators,
Warning Them Against Crimi
nal Attacks Upon White
Women.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
DALLAS, Tex., June 3.— A special to
the News from Shreveport, La., says:
A thousand people gathered at Doy
line, on the Vicksburg, Shreveport and
Pacific Railroad, about eighteen miles
from here, to witness the burning at
the stake of William Street, a negro,
who outraged Mrs. Parish. The crime
was committed on the night of May 30.
The people erected a post near the
railroad track near the town and laid \
the light wood and kindling, saturated I
with coal oil, preparatory to chaining |
Street to the post. Street was a negro, !
about 28 years of age. He confessed
the crime to a colored minister, but said
a colored minister named John Rhodes j
was implicated. When going to the |
stake he looked frightened, but refused j
to say anything. He was tied to the
stake and uttered not a word as the
crackling flames^ shot up in succession
above his head.
The flames were started at 1 o'clock.
It was a sickening sight, which lasted
ten minutes. Then Street was a charred
mass.
Well-known lawyers made speeches,
warning the crowd of negroes that such j
crimes would not be tolerated in a j
civilized community.
The woman whom Street attacked is I
in a most critical condition and could j
not identify Street when he was caught
until a doctor held open her eyelids.
NEGRO LYNCHED BY
AN ARKANSAS MOB.
Identified by His Child-Victim and
Then Strung Up to the Limb
of a Tree.
TEXARKANA, Ark., June 3.— Jessie
■ Scott, the little daughter of J. V. Scott,
: clerk of the Circuit Court, was the victim
of an outrage perpetrated near Fairview
: yesterday by a negro named Bud Hayden.
The negro was arrested and brought to
the jail here.
To-day at noon he was taken from the
jail by seven of the town's most promi
nent citizens and driven to Mr. Scott's
residence. There the negro was positively
identified by the child, whereupon he was
handed over to the mob that had gath
ered at the house. The negro was dragged
to a tree near the Iron Mountain Railway,
a few feet from where Ed Coy was burned
for a like offense a few years ago, and as
he was jerked into th&air his body was
riddled with bullets. An Iron Mountain
train was held over an hour, the mob
refusing to get off the track.
KILLING OF DOMINICAN
REVOLUTIONISTS.
All but Three of the Followers of
General Jiminez Are Slain at
Monte Cristo.
CAPE HAYTTEN, June 3.— This after
! noon the Dominican Consul here received
; a dispatch from President Hereaux, say
ing that an attempted revolution at Mon
te Cristo had been defeated, that General
Jiminez fled at the first fire of the Gov
ernment troops, taking reiuge on board
the Fanita, and that all the others who
'■ landed, with the exception of tnree, had
i been killed.
Two of the prisoners are Pablo Vil
lenvlena, son of General Villenvlena, and
a laborer. They will be executed to-day
with the other prisoners. The Haytien
, general, Morales, and seven Dominicans,
who shipped here, are among the killed.
Another person was killed on board the
; steamer Fanita, which put to sea imme
| diately and escaped.^
Adventists in Camp.
ST. HELENA, June 3.— The annual
camp meeting of the Seventh Day Ad
ventists opened in the large pavilion in
Hunts Park last evening with services
conducted by ii.lder Breed of Oakland,
district superintendent for the Pacific
Coast. There are about 250 tents pitched
on the grounds, and over 1000 people are
in attendance. A large restaurant, a
fruit store and a provision store, all In
tents, have been opened. The camp meet
ing will last until June i2.
Van Wyck May Be Removed.
NEW YORK, June 3.— A special to the
World from Washington says: Mayor
Van Wyck may be relieved pending an in
vestigation Into his action in removing
Police Commissioners Hamilton and
Phillips. Senator Platt has urged the
Governor to take this step, and he be
lieves that he will do it. Governor Black
will call a special session of the Legisla
ture to convene about June 22.
Sonoma County's Crops.
SANTA ROSA, June 3.— The beautiful
summer weather now prevailing 1b aiding
! harvesting Immensely, and the gathering
j of the hay crop is progressing rapidly.
i The crop is a good one in spite of all the
, drawbacks experienced this year. At
Cloverdale and in the northern part of the
i county the binding of oats is being done.
I Tho canneries In this city and Ilealdsburg
! are working large forces packing cherries.
Senate Confirmations.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The following
nominations were confirmed by the Sen
i ate to-day in executive session: Oscar
i Straus of New York, to be Envoy Extra
i ordinary and Minister Plenipotentiary to
Turkey. Postmasters: California— Wil-
I ham H. Friend, Oakland; L. H. Miner
'■. Fcrndale. Washington — James M Ver
i non, Everett.
Killed by an Explosion.
REDDING, June 3.— Bert Badgley a
j miner, near Junction City, Trinity County,
was instantly killed this morning by the
explosion of a stick of dynamite which
whs being used for blasting. He had a
i brother in Oakland, named 11. O. Badgley
and George Badgley, another brother re
i sides at Junction City.
Lodi Dwelling Burned.
LODI, June 3.— Fire this evening de
stroyed the dwelling belonging to Mrs. K.
McComb of San Francisco. Its contents
were nearly all saved. Nobody was at
home when the fire started.
Seattle and Portland Win.
SEATTLE, June 3.— Seattle 13, hits 13,
errors 2; Spokane 8, hits 10, errors 3.
TACOMA, June 3.— Tacoma 6, hits 8, er
rors 4; Portland 10, hits 10, errors 6.
fate of a Thief.
EUREKA, June 3.— Harry Price, who
robbed the till of Abraham3en's restaur
ant last month, was to-day sentenced to
five years' Imprisonment in San Quentin.
Pacific Grove Graduates.
PACIFIC GROVE, June 3.— The closing
exercises of the Pacific Grove High School
took place In Assembly Hall last night.
There wore two graduates— Misces Helen
Wood and Ava Kent. The high BChool
has been in existence only two years, and
this year'B class 1b the first graduated.
The townspeople take great pride in the
Buecesß of their venture in opening tho
high Bchool.
Natives Who Sympathize With Spain
SANTA BARBARA. June 2.— Numerous
native Callfornians here and at Montecito
are expressing Btrong sympathies with
Spain In the present war.
CUBAN HOSPITALS.
The Great Lack of the Insurgents Is
Surgical Care.
On account of the t- ctics employed by
the Cuban forces and the division made
in them, together with the fact that
small bands often operate alone, there j
is not a sufficient number of doctors to !
I properly attend to the wounded. One
doctor, and in some cases two, are as
signed to an entire division. These doc
tors appoint assistants from the men in
the ranks, who, after a little instruc
tion, are given a few bandages, cotton,
! carbolic acid, quinine, etc., and assigned
to the various regiments in the division.
These men are expected to give the first
aid to the wounded and administer such
medicines as they may have when they
are required, but even then it often
happens that they are not present when
the men are wounded, and it is neces
sary to take them many miles on horse
back, or in hammocks hung on a long
pole before their wounds are dressed.
Owing to this delay small wounds often
prove very serious. After their wounds
are attended to they are taken as soon
as practicable to one of the many small
hospitals In the woods, where they are
given every attention possible under
the circumstances.
These hospitals are nothing more
than deserted country houses, with
beds made by driving forked sticks into
the ground, two at the head and two
at the foot; a heavy stick is then laid
in each pair of the works, and thin
j sticks, laid lengthwise of the bed, rest
on these. The frame is then covered
with banana leaves and, if possible to
! procure it, a sheet completes the bed.
I These hospitals are in charge of a
practicante, but under the general su
pervision of the doctor, who visits them
as often as possible; and in some cases, |
after a he: vy engagement, .a doctor or
several doctors are assigned to them,
and remain as long as their services
are required. As soon as a new pa
tient arrives he is placed on a new |
bed, as the same bed is never used I
twice, and is given an attendant to j
do his cooking and attend to his wants, j
These hospitals are well supplied with I
bandages and medicine, and the prefect j
is required to keep then; supplied with j
vegetables, sugar, milk, etc. The gen- j
eral in whose division they are fur- i
niehea meat, and. the country people!
bring chickens, eggs and any little I
dainties they may have. As the wounds I
are mostly from Mauser balls, few am- |
putations are necessary, and the pa- ]
tients recover rapidly; but when the
wounds are from Remingtons with the
ordinary lead ball, or the lead ball with
a thin brass Jacket (explosive ball), '■
they often prove fatal, and if the pa- j
tient recovers, the improvement is slow, j
Century for June.
KNIGHTS OF HONOR.
Yerba Buena Lodge was entertained, af
ter business, last Monday night, by E. A. j
Palvey, who delivered an address on
"Patriotism"; C. G. Noble recited "A
Cannon Breaking Loose"; J. P. Dwyer, |
the ventriloquist, spoke with his friend, ;
"Casey in the Cellar"; and J. O. Brown
gave "Pocket Miscellany."
Charles Lampe and F. Koment have
hern appointed to represent Germanla
Lodge on the celebration committee.
Anchor Lodge has three candidates to
Initiate on Monday next.
Yosemlte Lodge was visited by Deputy
P. K. Faulds last Wednesday. E. Mag
ner, financial secretary' of the lodge, is re
covering froir ■* severe attack of Illness.
Grand Dictator Archibald, assisted by :
Grand Vice-Dictator Thomson, performed
the initiatory work for Eureka Lodge
last Wednesday night. This lodge is ar
ranging for a smoker to be given shortly ,
after the silver jubilee of the order.
The sliver jubilee will be celebrated by
a grand entertainment in Odd Fellows'
Hall on June 30.
Of the 174 deaths during the current
month, seven occurred in California.
Some time during the next two weeks
a new lodge will be Instituted in Ukiah.
Within the same time a new company of
the Uniform Rank will be organized at
Bisßon,
Damon Lodge will give an entertain
ment to its friends in Pythian Castle on
Tuesday evening next. Will J. Betty Is
chairman of the committee of arrange
ments.
YOUNG MEN'S INSTITUTE.
The visit of Grand President Haskins,
Grand Secretary Stanley, Grand Directors
Hammond and Hayden and Rev. Fathers
O'Connell and Foley to California Council
in Alameda last week was one that was
very pleasing to the visitors and mem
bers and wa« instructive as well as in
teresting. After the business of the even
ing there was a short programme of en
tertainment.
F. A. Sullivan, grand inside sentinel,
will pay a visit to Yorke Council on the
3d of June. Grand Director E. B. Thomas
will visit Sacramento Council on the 2d
of the month.
A new list of assignments will be made
this week.
The last Installment of the per capita
tax and the March quarterly reports will
be due at the office of the grand secre
tary by June 1.
A call for the convening of the Grand
Council that is to meet in San Jose on
August 29 will be issued next month.
MISSION CHAPTER.
Last Saturday night Mission Chapter of
the Order of the Eastern Star had its dis
trict meeting in its beautifully appointed
hall on Mission street, near Twenty-third.
There was, as is usually the case when
ever this chapter has something outside
of a routine business meeting, a very
large attendance, and there were present
besides the worthy grand patron, H. D.
Rowe, the grand secretary, Mrs. Wlllats,
and other grand officers, visitors, includ
ing matrons and patrons and other officers
from all of the local chapters, also some
from across the hay. At that meeting
Mrs. Dell C. Savage, the district deputy,
paid her official vjsit, and she was re
ceived with a hearty welcome in the hall,
which was most tastefully decorated for
the occasion by the ladies of the chap
ter. There was an exemplification of the
work which was done In a very credit
able manner and to the satisfaction of the
visiting deputy and others. After the
meeting there was a banquet for all and
the menu was an excellent ono.
Stole Beer Faucets.
Jprres Jansen was arrested laat night
and charged with petty larceny. Jansen
is believed to be a member of an organ
ized gang which has been Htealing tuu
cots from empty beer kegs In front of
saloons. The brewers claim thnt within
a short time nearly 3000 of these faucets
which are valued at $14 per dozen have
been stolen. Three hundred and fifty-one
were recovered last night and will be used
as evidence.
Saratoga Chips Burned.
Fire started in the building at 221
Iveidesdorff street at about 12:30 o'clock
this morning and cleaned out the evap
orating establishment of Mrs. Brunner
who manufactures Saratoga chips for tne
Klondike tragic. The building was dam
aged to the extent of $200. The cause of
the fire Is unknown.
Bellamy Memorial Service.
A service in memory of the late Ed
ward Bellamy was held in the Turk Street
Temple laat night u%der the auspices of
the Socialist i^abor Representa
tives from various labor organizacio/is
were present, and many fitting tributes
were paid to the great reformer.
In Asia and Africa, besides America,
the pipe dates from -rehistoric times,
and in Europe generally it has been in
use since and during the Roman pe
riod, if not before. One of the most
learned antiquarians — Dr. Petrie — says
that smoking pijes of bronz are fre
quently found in Irish tumuli, or sepul
chral mounds, of the most remote an
tiquity.
AGREES TO
ISSUE BONDS
The Senate Backs Up
the Proposition.
COMMITTEE MINORITY UPHELD
SILVER BULLION TO BE COINED
IN LIEU OF SEIGNIORAGE.
Two Most Important and Significant
Votes Taken in Connection With
the War Revenue
Measure.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, June 3.
While the war revenue measure was
not passed by the Senate to-day, two
very important votes were taken, one
on a proposition to coin the silver bul
lion in the Treasury and to issue sil
ver certificates against the coin, and
j the other on the bond proposition, pre
sented by the Republican minority of
the committee on finance. In lieu of
the seigniorage amendment offered by
the majority of the Finance Commit
tee, Wolcott (R.) of Colorado proposed
an amendment authorizing the Secre
tary of the Treasury to coin the silver
bullion in the Treasury and to issue sil
ver certificates against it. After some
discussion a vote was reached and the
amendment was agreed to, 48 to 31, sev
eral Republicans voting for it.
Aldrich (R.) of Rhode Island then
pressed the amendment of the minor
ity of the Finance Committee provid
ing for the issue of $100,000,000 certifi
cates of indebtedness and $300,000,000 of
bonds to be used exclusively for the
payment of the expenses of the war.
After an extended debate, the question
was brought to an issue and by the de
cisive vote of 45 to 31, the bond amend
ment was incorporated in the bill as a
substitute for the amendment to issue
legal tender notes. The bond proposi
tion received the votes of 3? Republi
cans, 7 Democrats and 1 Populist. Th^
Democrats who voted for it were Caf
fery, Faulkner, Gorman, Gray, Lind
say, Mitchell and Murphy, and the Pop
ulist was Kyle. No Republicans voted
against the issue of bonds, the votes In
opposition to bonds being cast by 21
Democrats, 5 Populists and 5 Silver Re
publicans.
Just before adjournment this even
ing a sensational speech was made by
Wolcott (R.) of Colorado, in reply to
some suggestions concerning the bi
metallic commission made by Allen
(P.) of Nebraska,
During the discussion of the war rev
enue bill Allison said, without including
the last 75,000 volunteers called for, the
estimate made was that the war expenses
for the first year would be at leant $3(9.
000 000 He regarded an addition of $70,
000,000 for the additional volunteers as en
tirely reasonable.
Morrlll (R.) of Vermont, the venerable
chairman of the Finance Committee, de
livered a short speech in opposition to the
"propositions that come to us from the
Populist side of the Senate to issue
greenbacks and coin the seigniorage."
Woloott (R.) of Colorado proposed an
amendment to the amendment of the
committee upon the coinage of the seign
iorage It was in the nature of a substi
tute, and after being slightly amended a
direct vote upon it was reached, Jones
(D ) of Arkansas giving notice that he
would move hereafter to substitute the
committee amendment for the Wolcott
amendment.
"Wolcott's amendment was agreed to —
48 to 31 as follows:
Ayes— Allen, Bacon, Bate, Berry, Butler,
Cannon, Cartpr, Chandler, Chilton, Clark,
Cookrell, Daniel. Faulkner, Gray, Hatißbrough.
Harris, Heltfeld. Jones (Ark.). Jones tNev.),
Kvle, Lindsay, McEnery. McLaurln, Mallory,
Mantle, Martin. Mills. Mitchell, Money, Mor
gan. Pasco, Perkins, Pettlgrcw, Pettus. Pritch
ard, Rawlins, Roach. Shoup, Stewart, Teller,
Thurston, Tlllman. Turley, Turple, West, War
ren, White, Wolcott— 4B.
Noes— Aldrich. Allison, Baker. Burrows, Caf
fery, Cullom, Davis, Dehoe, Fairbanks, Fora
kef, Frye. Uallinger, Gear, Gorman, Hale,
Hanna, Hawley, Hoar, Lodge, Mc-Rride, Mc-
Millan, Mason, Morrlll. Murphy. Nelson, Platt
(Conn.), Platt (K. V.), Proctor, Sewell, Spoon
er, Wetmore— 3l.
The amendment as agreed to follows:
That the Secretary of the Treasury shall lm
i mediately cause to be coined as fast as pos
sible into standard silver dollars, to an amount
of not less than $4,000,000 per month, which shall
be of like weight an«J fineness and of like legal
i tender and quality as those provided for un
: der existing law, all the silver bullion now
i held in the treasury.
That the Secretary of the T-easury is au-
I thorized and directed tn fssuu as said silver
I is coined silver certificates of similar design
and denominations and of the same quality,
payable and redeemable in like manner as
those authorized by law, to the amount of the
' gain or seigniorage derived from the purchases
of silver bullion by the Treasury under the
act of July 14, ISiW, until the sum of $42,000,000
i shall have been issued. • .__-_...—.
That all said moneys so coined, Including the
amounts of the pains or seigniorage so coined,
shall be used both for the redemption of the
Treasury notes heretofore issued under and by
virtue of the act of July 14, ISJO, and for the
redemption of the certificates issued, under this
j act.
Aldrich moVed to strike out the com
i mittee amendment providing for the issue
lof legal tender notes and substitute the
i bond provision offered by the Republican
minority of the Finance Committee. Upon
I this motion he demanded the ayes and
noes. It was carried, 45 to 31.
Chandler offered his amendment in
' verting a declaration that the policy of
i the United States is not to commit the
country more thoroughly to the single
gold standard, but that the efforts of the
Government shall be steadily directed to
coin both silver and gold as standard
money.
Stewart offered as an amendment to
Chandler's amendment a provtslon that
no bonds issued under this act shall be
used ns a basis of bank currency.
Morgan gave notice of an amendment
directing the Secretary of the Treasury to
enforce those provisions of the Income
tax of 1594 not expressly declared by the
Supreme Court's decision to be unconsti
tutional.
Morgan spoke In support of the amend
ment and attacked the national banks,
which, he declared, -were behind the con
spiracy to force a bond issue upon the
people.
The amendment offered by Stewart was
laid on the table, on motion of Mr.
Chandler, 44 to 27.
Hoar proposed an amendment to be add
ed to Chandler's amendment, as follows:
"And to this end to relax no effort to se
cure the co-operation of the principal
commercial nations of the world."
The amendment was agreed to, 35 to 33.
In the course of some remarks upon bi
j uietallism Allen of Nebraska took a
I reminiscent turn and discussed at length
i the work of the International Bimetallism
Commission. He declared their work had
I been a failure and that no good had over
i been expected to come from it, and that
international bimetallism was a delusion
and a snaro. An appropriation of $100,000
had been made for the commission, which
had traveled throughout Europe on a mis
sion which was foredoomed to failure.
Wolcott, who was president of the Bi
metallic Commission; listened attentively
to Mr. Allen's remarks. He was evidently
indignant, and he took the floor to re
ply to his criticisms. He said:
It is not pleasant to a self-respecting man to
meet such susseßtionn as have been made by
the Senator from Nebranka. This debate has
taken a turn which I deprecate, and 1 would
not now occupy a moment of the Senatp's
time, which ought to be devoted to the con
sideration of the pending bill, were It not
that I desire to inform the Senator from
Nebraska that the three commissioners ap
pointed by the President spent more than six
months in Europe traveling where their
duties took them. They were accompanied
by a secretary, and the entire expense of the
work accomplished was only $16,000. And I
desire to add that every member of the com
mission In accepting the appointment and
performing his doties sacrificed thoueands of
dollars, It Is undignified ■ and unbefitting, a
Senator of the ■■ United Btates to : stand In kls
place on this floor and . suggest | that the com
mission spent money ■It was not justified In
spending. . I am getting tired of hearing that
sort of suggestions from , the , Senator . from
Nebraska. It Is not the first; the second 01
the third time he has thrown them ! out.'
Through him they are being circulated In the
'/West ; by .:* means of "the patent insiders"
which constitute the bone and sinew and
most of . the ' brains of the Populist party. I
suppose at some - crossroads In Nebraska,
where nothing is known of Europe except that
it is on the map of the world, some people of
the Senator's kind - have gotten together - and
resolved : that :no country, except the United
States is enlightened enough to have ideas on
the money question. They are" not aware that
the great ..' leaders of thought, in ; England,
France and Germany favored bimetallism
mor# than a quarter of a century before the
Populist party or the Senator from Nebraska
were ever heard of. Fortunately, : however,
the blmetalllsts of Europe are not hampered
in_their work by long-haired cranks, who clog
the progress of . enlightened financial legisla
tion In this country.
Allen made a very brief reply to Wbl
cott, speaking calmly and coolly. He ex
plained that he had not charged the
commission with extravagance or with
having squandered the money appro
priated. What he did say, he insisted, was
that the appropriation was made when it
was evident that the effort to be made
would be a failure. He contended, there
fore, that the money should- not have
been expended at all. Yet, because he had
held that belief, and held it now, he was,
he said, made the subject of the Colorado
Senator's sophomoric philippics. He was
not. he concluded, afraid of the Senator
(Wolcott) in the Senate or elsewhere. •. :
An effort was then made by Allison to
effect an arrangement whereby a vote
might be taken this evening, but it was
unsuccessful. The consensus of opinion
was that an adjournment until to-morrow
would facilitate the final disposition of the
measure. After agreeing to meet at 11
o'clock • to-morrow the Senate, at 6
o'clock, went Into executive session, and
soon afterward adjourned.
CRUELTY OF THE SPANIARDS.
"We need not recall the historifc bar
1 barities of the old conquistadors like
I Cortez and Pizarro, the horrors of tl>:
; Duke of Alva's rule in the Netherlands
when it was subject to Spain, or the
abominable incidents of the expulsion
of the Moors. These things occurred
centuries ago, but when the corrupt
and oppressive rule of Spanish author
ity produced the insurrection of the
South American provinces there had
been no improvement. It is shown in
Spanish official documents that' in Ven
ezuela, New Granada' and Ecuador 80,
000 prisoners of war were "sacrificed
In cold blood' by hanging, shooting and
other modes of execution." This is.
apart from the merciless slaughter in
captured towns, where it is declared in
official dispatches that 'such or such a
| pueblo "with all Its inhabitants has
disappeared from the face: o f the
earth." When. the. Venezuelan chief,
Miranda, surrendered to General Mon
teverde in 1812 4000 revolutionists de
livered up their arms under an express I
j stipulation of amnesty and oblivion of
the past and security to life and prop
erty. How Spanish faith was. kept is
related in this historical account of the
sequel:
"As soon as the revolutionary troops
were disarmed throughout the province
Monteverde sent parties of dissolute
soldiery to seize almost every resp.ec- •
table Creole in the province. They were
torn from the arms of wives and chil
dren, bound to horses' . tails, and thus
brought to the city of Caracas. After
being exposed to the scoffs and insults
of a brutal soldiery,' they were thrown
Into close and damp dungeons, crowded
together in a manner more dreadful,
than the victims who perished in the
Black Hole of Calcutta: • • * About
1500 Creoles of the highest respectabil
ty in the country were chained in pairs,
! conducted to the horrid dungeons of La
! Guayra and Puerto Cavello, where in a
i few weeks many of them perished by
! suffocation and diseases."
Was this violation of the terms of
! capitulation disclaimed at Madrid? On
; the contrary, it was distinctly a'p
; proved, and a decree of the Cortes,
j dated April 10, 1813, has been preserved,
I which declared: "That it was deroga
tory to the majesty ' of the National
Congress to confirm., a capitulation
I made with malignant insurgents."
HOW LINCOLN ESCAPED.
The demand for an additional body
I guard around the White House recalls
an incident of the Civil. V,'ar -within the
memory, of many residents. During the
exciting period of 1861 great fears were
entertained for the safety of the Pres
ident and every precaution was taken
to insure his personal protection.
One morning there appeared at the
White House a woman, closely veiled,
demanding an immediate interview
with Mr. Lincoln. Approaching Mea
! senger Perkins, who guarded the door
I of Mr. Lincoln's private office, the vis
itor made known her request, and
pleaded earnestly that she be admitted
to a personal interview. The door
keeper's orders were, however, very
strict, and finding her eloquence all in
> vain, she finaJly compromised by con-
I tiding her message to the courteous but
firm employe. Taking him to one side,
the veiled lady seized both his hands
and tenderly rubbed them as she ex
tracted a promise that he would im
mediately deliver her request to the
President. Perkins was almost over
come by a peculiar odor that appeared
to emanate from his companion, and
hastened to get rid of. her without cre
ating a scene.
No sooner had he accomplished this
than he confided to. one of the official
household the effect produced upon him
while in conversation with the.importu
! nate visitor. A physician who was
! present promptly divined, the truth and
instituted a search for the woman,
when It was learned that she had driv
en rapidly away in a carriage, and all
trace was losti Perkins was immedi
ately ordered to return to his home arid
await developments.
Within the usual period he was- taken
111 with one of the worst cases of viru
lent smallpox on record, and for weeks
lay at the point of death. Upon his re
covery the faithful messenger, whose
devotton to duty doubtless saved the
life of the President, was appointed to
a permanent position on the clerical
force of the War Department, which
office he has continued to hold up to
date, being one of the most efficient
clerks on the rolls. — Washington Post.
CUBA'S TOBACCO INDUSTRY.
Nope of the native inhabitants of
Cuba or the refugees, in this country
will welcome the freedom cf the island
so gladly as the tobacco planters "and
cigar manufacturers.. This industry,
which furnished a means of livelihood
to a large proportion of the inhabi
tants of the three provinces of Pinar
del Rio, Havana and Matanzas, has
been brought to a complete standstill
by the present war. The Spaniards
in the fulfillment of their policy of de
vastation have destroyed the planta
tions, and upon the smoking ruins of
the farmhouses have left notices warn
ing the proprietors against any at
tempt to cultivate the forbidden crop
in the future.
In the city of Havana the manufac
turers, who ar^ almost exclusively Cu
bans, have been compelled to give up
the manufacture of cigars, rfot only
through lack of material, but because
of General Weyler's edict nr^ainst the
export of tobacco in any form. The
result has been that there are now but
two factories c.t work in the city, and
they are engaged merely In making
cigars for the Spn- ' h grandees and
such of the Cuban inhabitants as can
afford to pay the exorbitant prices de
manded.
Before the war began there were over
400 cigar manufacturers in the city of
Havana, who each employed between
500 and 700 men, and many smaller
Jobbers, each of whom gave employ
ment to thirty or forty men and girls.
As an instance of the way in which
the business has b n crippled, one of
the largest cigar manufacturers in
Havana turned out V-re the war 250,
000 a day. Now he Is not .'aaking a
sincrle clear.
WILL TRY TO
LIMIT DEBATE
Plans of the Hawaiian/
Annexationists. >
TWO DAYS FOR SPEECHES
RESOLUTIONS WILL COME UP
NEXT TUESDAY.
Rules Committee May Report a Spe
cial Order to Bring It to an.
Early Vote ana.Settle
• ment.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, June 3.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Unless
the war revenue bill shall be unex
pectedly delayed in the Senate the Ha
waiian annexation resolution will be
taken up in the House of Representa
tives next Tuesday.
This is the present understanding be
tween Chairman Hitt of the Commit
tee of Foreign Affairs and - Speaker
Reed. It is not yet certain whether
it will be brought up under a special
order or be called up under the rula
which provides that after the House
has considered the business of commit
tees for one hour it shall be in order
for a member to. move the considera
tion of any bill which has been pre
viously reported from the committee
of the whole.
No agreement has yet been made as
to the length of the fiebate. The an
nexationists wish to have as little talk
as possible, and they hope to reach a
vote after two days. of speech making.
If some arrangement as to the length
of debate cannot be made by unani
mous consent a special order will be
reported from the Committee on Rules
to limit the debate.
While the House is talking on Hawaii
the conferees on the war revenue bill
will be at work, and it is expected they
will reach an agreement by the time
the resolution shall have passed the
House. •.'■'• ' .
When this conference report be dis
posed of by both houses there will be
nothing .more to hold Congress in ses
sion but the remaining: appropriation
bills and the. action of- the Senate on
the Hawaiian resolution. It is expected
to accelerate the action of the Senate
by concentrating the attention of the
public on that body.
Oi 1 INTEREST TO THE COAST.
San Francisco Bank Made Agent for
the Government in Philippines'
. Business.
WASHINGTON, June 3.— The Postof
flce Department to-day -wired Postmaster
Montague at Sah Francisco to employ
three' more clerks, necessitated by the
presence of the troops how encamped
there. •". . '
■ .Irving M. Scott of the Union Iron Works
was at the Navy Department to-day con
ferring with officials about the Wiscon
sin, notv under construction.
. S. G.. Murphy, president of the First
National Bank of San Francisco, is here.
He came on to have his bank, which la
■a Government repository, niade the me
dium by which funds will be sent to the
Philippine Islands. He was successful,
end the ■ Treasury Department will im
mediately Issue the formal order making
the First National Bank the agent or
this Government In Its Philippine busi
ness. This, will be a good thing, not
only for the bank, but for San Francisco,
for these transactions will amount to
many thousands of dollars.
Killed by a Falliner Tre«.
EUREKA, June 3.— Robert Kane, an
employe of the . Riverside Lumber Com
pany, while at work in the woods near
Riverside, was instantly kiiled this morn-
Ing by a treetop falling on him and crush-
Ing his skull. He was a married man, 85
years old, and leaves a family residing at
Dows Prairie. ' .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
PERIODS OF PAIN.
•"■"■.'; — '*
Menstruation, the balance wheel of
woman's life, is also the bane of exist-
■ ence to many because it means a time of
great suffering. ." • ■ ;. ' • .
. While no woman is -entirely free from
periodical, pain, it does not seem to have • ;
been na-' • TiSmiimmamm^/L—
otherwise \bl(B|K^C^\\'^S WS
neaitny . -XblMmm^^Hh
.: should suffer 1 Vb| g"*^^®Hw .' .■ > : .:
male regula-- -l-\*J \n | ytjX •* * *Jk iI . .
tor known to I . \.3 «i! V V -/. //^ ■ :
: medical- sci^ .;■' ■••■'.■"■■ . ■■.'. "•■*■■
ence. It relieves the condition that pro- . :
i ■duces so much discomfort and robs men- " '
j Btruation of its terrors. Here is proof: :.};•..
| '_-■; Deajs Mrs. Piskhami-^-How can 1
i thank you enough for what you have
done for me? When I wrote to you I . -.
was suffering untold pain at time of
menstruation; % was nervous, had head- '.'■ ;■■
ache all the time, no appetite, that tired . V
feeling, . and did not caref anything. C
I have taken three bottles of =Ly.dia' E.
Pinkham's Vegetable Compound, one :■-.;
of Blood Purifier, two boxes, of Liver . : "
i Pills, and torday am a well person* '« I "■ .
; would like to have those .who Buffer i :■; .:
j know that lam one of the many who • .
I have- been cured of female complaints .
by your wonderful medicine arid advice. ■
— Miiss Jennie 11. Miles. Leon, Wis. ' ' .;:•:
If you are suffering in thjsway., write
as Miss Miles. to Mrs.' Pinkham at '..'
Lynn, Mass.*, for the advice ! Which she •[.
! . ; offers free of charge to all women.
: ■ s^^~ • •' v^-lJga=»' '•■• :
GEOlFUkftiFATAL ROW
ON A BAY
SCHOONER
Capt. Forstman Killed
by A. Ghristiansen.
THE ASSAILANT ARRESTED
STRUCK WITH A P AIR OF
EBON TONGS.
JKe Claims He Acted In Self-Befense
as tne Victim Repeatedly
Struck Him in the
Face.
: During a- quarrel on a schooner at the
■ foot of Third street late yesterday after
noon Charles Forstman. captain of the
Pchponer: Louise, was almost Instantly
■ killed'; by Anton* 'Christiansen, who was
in charge of : tne schooner Reliance. The
1 iti en had a dispute as to. their respective
fjffttts; to dock . their vessels, which cul
mj mi ted- in blows.. ',
According' to Christiansen's story Forst
'.niHn.boarded his schooner, and after call
ing- Mini several vile names struck him
Jtvlth his'flst.' They. then clinched and fell
. on the .deck of.the Reliance. Getting the
: Worst -.-.. of ; the . encounter, Christiansen
grabbed a pair of tongs which he had
been using mid struck Forstman on the
■v head, fracturing his skull in two places.
. The- wounded captain was at once re
; ;.rhpved\tq the' Harbor Hospital, where an
.'■ ' exJMßi.n.atlon- disclosed that he was fa
.'■ tally injured- A short time afterward he
■" : breathe, l his •; last, " without . having re
:. • gained, consciousness,
.■:"- On- being-a pprised of Forstman's death
•.'the. - ; police arrested, Christiansen and
,V: : charged ■ him: with murder. ' .
'.'■ Tip his attorney, J. N. B. Wilson, .the
■■ pried] said that EToTstxnan tried to bull
;.(107.e him Into casting off the- line which
.: holel the vessel, and when he refused he
.' threatened." to"; break his neck.
■ ■ '•r tried ■ to: argue -with him." he said
.: when telling his story, "but he continued
••■-.to. abuse me. To Increase my anger he
•.deliberaiely' ran his schooner- Into mine
and dared me to co.me out and fight.
v; : ''As I" appeared on the deck he ran his
I .alongside of the "Reliance and made
':Fom> Qglji -threats. 1 had a pair of iron
itongs {n. my hand, and as he boarded my
. :Vf>*.sel.f --threw them on the deck, expect-
Ing to. fight. it out with him. Just then he
. struck: me in the face, almost knocking
- me ; dawn. I quickly regained my feet
and -started after him. He caught me
ad' the waist, and after a short strug
pi-e succeeded in. throwing me to the deck.
;i farced ; him down with me, and after he
•■had. 'repeatedly struck me in the face I
', reached for the tongs and struck him
•'over tl>f : head. 1 knew he was fatally in
■ ' ju-fe.d,.' as he uttered a piercing shriek
and rolled over me to the guard rail of
the : "Tier, ■ ■
:.' "Realizing that I hart killed him I hunt
ed up a police officer and after telling him
. the story, of the encounter offered to sur
■render:. 'myself.. After visiting the
schooner .and . seeing Forstman he sum
moned the .ambulance and had him re
moved: to. the. hospital. 1 am sorry he is
dead, as God knows that I did not want
.to -kill. him. .' .
The Kelso Ca9«.
The. joint committee from tho three
certtrai' iiptir bodies which has been pros
ebutlngK-violations of the Federal eight
[aw oil the new Postofflce site met
ssion street last night. Harry
M: ,S.aunders, who has had direct charge
SHOT TO SCARE, BUT HIT.
WORRIED and harassed by the mischievous tricks of a crowd of boys,
George Wilson, living in a little hut at 323 Spear street, fired six
shots last evening for the purpose of frightening his tormentors,
but one o.f them struck John Dumphrey, a twelve-year-old young
; . ster, in the abdomen, inflicting a very slight flesh wound. The boy
ran to the fire engine house at 320 Main Btreet and informed the men that
h« had been; shot.' They immediately telephoned for the Harbor Hospital
ambulance. a»d when the doctors examined the youth it was found tliat
hfs 4njupy Was Itblhlng mere than a scratch, and the boy soon afterward
w-ilkfil (0 his home at I Zoe pLace-. Officers Lake and Mahoney were at
the .-hospital., and. when they learned of the shooting went to Wilson's house,
arrested. him and charged him with assault to commit murder.
According td Wilson's account of the affair and the statements of
neighbors the old man has had a groat deal of provocation to deal harshly
with a iarga gang of boy* living near him. He lives in a little Bxl2, well
patched board cabin directly under the- east bluff of the Sailors' Home, and
by s-elling kimlling-wood manages to support himself and an old man named
John Hall, .trhotn he calls his partner. The fact of the two men living
alone in- their little- shack has caused a number of stories to their discredit
to be circulated, and the boys in-the neighborhood have been in the habit
of bothering the men .for pome time past.
A; little uvt'i- a year ago Wilson, was hit by a stone and his Jaw was
broken. . . H.o. iiris -asked the protection of the police a number of times, but
the guardians. of the- law have been unable to find the boys who have been
implicated in the. work of tormenting him. Every time Wilson would ap
pear at .his' door when any of the boys were in the vicinity of the place
he received a volley of stones, and the ground in front of the house looks
like a srriall-sifced rock quarry. Thursday night some one who Wilson
thinks belonged to his gang of tormentors broke the padlock of his door
and stole, some articles from the house. Last night on his return home a
crowd of- about fourteen boys assailed, him with a volley of rocks. He
concealed hlrhself : behind a fence in the rear of his hut and fired five shots
into 'the air to attract an officer and scare the boys. When he had ex
hausted;, the ammunition in his gun the boys, being aware of the fact,
shouted: "Come on now, he ha« no more cartridges!" and made a charge
an th* place. Wilson', in the meantime, had reloaded, and as the boys ad
vanced fifed another shot through the fence. It was this shot which hit
Dumphrey, and had it not been that the force of the bullet had been di
minished by passing through the fence the shot might have resulted in a
more dangerous wound.
Wilson regretted bavins injured any one, and was greatly rejoiced when
he heard that the boy was not severely injured. He says there are a num
ber of large, boys, in the party, who. tried to get to him by climbing into
the yard of the Sailors' Home, but that the inmates of the place, who were
his fri.endsi would not allow them to enter the grounds.
of th« matter, reported the cases pro
gressing favorably. Two have already '
been tried and a favorable verdict had !
been received In one of them. There aro |
still eight Indictments against the John |
Kelso Company, but on the advice of At
torney Knight, these will not be pressed
just at present. Messrs. Saunders and Rob- :
bins were deputed to formulate a letter •
to Attorney Knight, thanking him for the |
'. very satisfactory manner In which he has ;
I handled the cases. It was also reported
that Gray Brothers are living strictly up j
to the law in laying the concrete founda- j
tlons.
Mizpah Church Entertainment.
The De Koven Club of Oakland, which
Is a part of the First Presbyterian
Church of that city, volunteered its serv
ice lor the benefit of the Mizpah Presby
terian Church on Harrison street last
night. The neat little church, of which
Rev. F. A. Doane Is the pastor, was
crowded to Its capacity by the members
of the congregation. The following pro
gramme was carried out :
Solo and chorus, "Rat-a-Plan" from
"Rob Roy." solo by Mrs. W. G. I>ang
don; piano solo, selected. Miss Laura C. Moore;
solo and chorus, "It Takes Nine Tailors to
Make a Man" from "KoWn Hood." solo by
Professor VT. J. Raymond; solo and chorus.
"The Legend of the Chimes" from "Robin
Hood," solo by Miss Mabel Walker; tenor solo,,
"Song of the Flag" tpe Koven" Charles W.
Brock: duet and chorus, "Rival Ballad Sing
ers" from "Rob Roy." duet by W. G. Oakes
and Clement Rowlands; contralto solo, select
ed. Miss Mabol Walker; "Tinkers' Chorus"
from "Robin Hood," male club; duet and
chums, "Sheriff of Nottingham" from "Robin
Hood." duet by Charles Krock and Clement
Rowlands; soprano solo, "Merry Miller" from
"Rob Roy." Mrs. W. Q. Langdon; chorus,
serenade. "Fencing Master," De Koven Club;
duet and chorus, "Rustic Song" from "Rob
Roy," duet by Mm. Langdon and Miss Emma
McCormaik.
Assaulted an Officer.
Charles Sladky, proprietor of the Ham
mam Baths, was arrested last night by
Officer Amos Williams and charged with
battery and using vulgar language. "Wil
liams claims that he was reading war
bulletins on Market street, when Sladky
brushed up against him. In a few min
utes be returned and repeated the opera
tion. Williams expostulated with him,
but Sladky, using a vile- epithet, struck
him. After a short struggle the officer
had the mail securely handcuffed, but a
companion, who had joined in the as
sault, escaped. Sladky threatens to break
the officer for arresting him.
Passed Fictitious Checks.
A warrant was sworn out yesterday In
Judge Mogan's court for the arrest of
August Schoen, a junk dealer, on the
charge of passing a fictitious check on
Hueppeden & Meyer, grocers. Grove and
Polk streets, on April 6. The check was
for $S 40. *nd was drawn on the Anglo-
California Hank. Schoen left the city, but
has been arrested in Redwood City. The
police say that he has passed a large
I number of checks for small amounts.
Bitten by a Monkey.
Thomas A. Harris, through his guard
ian, Thomas J. Harris, has commenced
suit against the Paul Boyton Chute Com
pany to recover $20,000 damages. It is al
leged in the complaint that on the sth ult.,
while Thomas A. Harris was walking
through the "Zoo" at the Chutes, he was
attacked and seriously bittvn by a mon
key. By reason of the attack of the sav
age brute it is claimed that the boy suf
fered permanent injuries, and he there
fore prays for heavy damages.
Located Stolen Property.
Last night Detectives Aubel of Los An
geles and Wren and Gibson of this city
made a tour of the various pawnshops
and second hand stores, and as a result
unearthed about $""00 worth of diamonds
and jewelry. The goods were recently
stolen from the residence of M. A. New
mart in Los Angeles, and Harry McMe.l
nomy and Dolly Walrell are in prison at
that place, charged with committing the
robbery.
Bead All
The personal happenings of the cit* r in
to-day's News letter in the Town Crier,
sports and Looker On columns. Solid edi
torials on live topics. Interesting personal
gossip from New York and pertinent
paragraphs; musical and dramatic criti
cisms and current reviews. All for ■
cents. *
Chinese Girl Missing.
Ah Land, a Chinese merchant doing
business at 739 Commercial street, comp
lained to the police la.st night that his
15-year-old daughter was missing, ami he
believed she had been abducted. When
la.st seen she was walking up Kearny
street with two highblnde.-s. She is an
unusually pretty eirl. and took the first
prize at the last fair.
Accidentally Scalded.
Mrs. E. E. Chessman of 101 Wall street
was brought into the Receiving Hospital
last night suffering with severe scalds
about the arms and body. She was lift-
Ing a boiler of water from the stove,
when the floor of the kitchen gave way,
precipitating her into the cellar. She
was attended by Dr. Bonnell, who thinks
she will recover.
THE SA"tf FRAXCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JDNE 4, 1898.
INITIAL BOW OF A PRODIGY.
Irwin Eveleth Haskell, a Young and Brilliant Pianist,
Who Will Soon Make His Debut,
Another youthful prodigy is about to make his debut in this city.
The latest aspirant for musical recognition is Master Irwln Eveleth Hassell, a
Native Son of but 16 years of age, but who, it is said, possesses a technique per
fect in all its numerous details, with an appreciation and expression of music
far beyond his years.
Young Hassell is of slight build, intellectual in appearance, refined and
modest to a degree. According to the accredited descriptions of the composer,
Haydn, the young pianiste Is his living counterpart. He possesses a large head,
with well-developed brain, and a face strong but mobile.
The youthful artist- was educated at the King Conservatory of Music In
San Jose, and while there proved himself a veritable genius. His sentiment in
all its varied moods is remarkable, and his execution is said to be astonishingly
powerful and brilliant. His selections cover a wide range, rendered with earnest
feeling, and display an easy mastery of technical difficulties only acquired by
finished pianists after most careful training, repose being a most conspicuous
feature.
He will make his initial bow to a local audience on Saturday afternoon. .Tune
11th, in Sherman & Clay Hall. The coming recital will he a complimentary affair
for the purpose of introducing him to the musical world of this city, and the fol
lowing programme will be rendered: Sonata, op. 35 (Chopin); Tarantelle, op. 4
(Karpranoff i; "Hark, Hark, the I.ark" (Schubert-Liszt); Sch.rzo a la Russe, op.
1 (Tschalkowsky) ; Fugue in F (Hassell); Humoreske, op. 10, No. 1 (King); Scher
zo, op. 31, Etude, op. 26, No. T. Valse, op. 64, Xo. 2. Andante Spianato and Polon
aise, op. 22 (Chopin); Concerto, op. '-'> (.Mendelssohn). A selected orchestra will
accompany him in the rendition of the concerto, which will afford an excellent op
portunity for the exhibition of his ensemble work.
TROOPS AT CAMP MERRITT.
Regiments Familiar With
Frontier Hardships Not in
Second Expedition.
All sorts of rumors, generated by the
I exceedingly indefinite order of Thursday
1 night, were in circulation at Camp Mer
■ ritt yesterday regarding the troops for
the second expedition for the Philippines.
The order states that the troops must be
ready to leave by next Tuesday. It will
i undoubtedly be several days after that
I date, for aside from the fact that the
: transports cannot possibly be ready by
j the time specified, the organizations des
ignated to form the expedition are de
ficient in the way of equipment.
General Merritt, according to Eastern
advices, has had much to say since his
appointment to the command of the ex
pedition about hts lack of confidence In
new troops. Then with an inconsistency
'■ that Is quite refreshing he issues an or
i der naming not the entire Eighteenth and
Twenty-third ( nlted States regiments
but merely a battalion of each, and then
falls back on the volunteers, selecting
the Tenth Pennsylvania and First Colo
rado. When it is considered that a
month ago nut a company in the regular
establishment exceeded fifty enlisted men
and that fully 40 per rent of the com
mands are now composed of as raw re
cruits a.« can be found in the newest vol
unteer organization, one fails to see
where General Merritt's "trained vete
rans" come In.
The First Colorado is certainly as fine
a command as <-;in be found anywhere;
the men are robust, well drilled and capa
ble of the greatest endurance, but they
are not fully equipped, and it will take
some time to get them in shape for the
campaign.
i he Tenth Pennsylvania has a fine rec
ord, and will doubtless justify the mark
Of confidence General Merritt has shown
it. but It is a small command, only eight
companies, and many of the men are re
cruits. This regiment, too. is not fully
equipped in the way of quartermaster
stores and ordnance, there being BeveraJ
commands now in camp that are much
bett.-r prepared for service in these re
spects.
If General Merritt is looking for men
best qualified to endure the hardships of
a campaign in the Philippines he should
not overlook the Montana, Wyoming. Da
kota and other far Western troops. These
men are familiar with hardships, and
probably three out of every five of them
could give the hardiest veteran in the
regular service some valuable pointers
on camp life and fighting, as they are all
as familiar with the rifle as others are
with the pen and yard stick.
The following order was transmitted to
Colonel Hale of the First Colorado yes
terday, and is Identical with one received
by Colonel Hawkins of the Tenth Penn
sylvania:
Headquarters Independent Division Philippine
Islands Expeditionary Forces.
CAMP MERRITT, SAN FRANCISCO. Cal.,
To the'conimandinf? Officer First Colorado
Infantry I'nlted States Volunteers fthroußh
Headquarters Third Brigade)— Sir: Tour regi
ment has been selected by the Major-General
commandinp the Expeditionary Forces and De
partment of Pacific for embarkation to the
l'lillli'plnes— to embark on one of the ships
which will leave this port on an early date.
You will liave your command In readiness to
depart by Tuesday of next week, supplied with
clothing camp and garrison equipage, for a
six months' period of field service, and with
ordnnnre and ordnance stores for the same
period taking with you 400 rounds of ammuni
tion per man. Subsistence stores In bulk for
six months will be furnished you and will be
delivered at the steamer's wharf In San Fran
cisco By command of
' MAJOR -GENERAL OTIS.
JOHN I». SEHON, Assistant Adjutant-General.
Including the company of engineers, the
troops designated In the order of Wednes
day night for the expedition number ap
proximately 2000 officers and men. The
China Zealandla, Colon. Centennial and
Ohio ought to carry 4500. so that the
Seventh California will probably be in
cluded in a later order. Colonel Berry re
ceived assurances some days ago that his
command would go with the second ex
pedition, and special efforts have been
made to thoroughly equip the regiment,
so that to-day it is better prepared for
service than any other volunteer regiment
in General Merritt's command.
The quartermaster, commissary and
ordnance departments may. by herculean
efforts get the troops In readiness to sail
by Tuesday, hut it is a certainty that the
transports cannot now be fitted up and
the stores placed on board within the
time designated.
Endeavorers' Donations.
All donations of comfort 'bags, station
ery, magazines, and papers sent by the
Christian Endeavorers .for distribution
among the soluiers should be addressed
to Miss Mindora Berry," Christian En
deavorer headquarters, Fifth avenue am»
I D street, Richmond District, San Fran
ciaco. Money, postal notes and express
packages should be addressed to thetreas
nrer. .Mrs. Thomas C. Pedler. Fifth ave
nue and I) street, Richmond District, San
I 'r .'• ncisco.
ELKS ENTERTAIN.
i
Soldiers Enjoy a "Military" So
cial Session.
The session of San Francisco Lodge No.
3 of the Benevolent and Protective Order
of Elks in its magnificent lodgerooms in
Central Block last night is one that will
be long remembered by all who attended,
as it was one of the most patriotic and
i enthusiastic ever held under the auspices
jof that organization. The hall was deeo
] rated with the grandest of decorations,
the American flag festooned over the
chair of the exalted ruler, anfl the occa
sion for ail this was "a military social
Bession to all visiting brothers enlisted
with the United Slates army now in San
Francisco."
There were present: Colonel J. L.
Jewett of Indiana, Judge-Advocate on the
'staff of General Merritt; Colonel Reaves
and Lieutenant-Colonel Ames of Minne
sota; Captain F. de L. ( 'arrlnyton,
U. S. A., of Oakland Lodge; Captain R.
V. Dodge of the Seventh California Vol
unteers; Captain Cummlngs, Colorado
Volunteers; First Lieutenant B. EL Cal
kins. Second Lieutenant C. T. Lemon,
Colorado volunteers; Lieutenant C.
\\ . Meade, Montana volunteers; Lieu
i tenant M. I>. Garcelon, Lieuten
ant ul.u 1 . W. Ames, Lieutenant E. G.
Falk. Thirteenth Minnesota Volun
teers; Major Blair, Minnesota volunteers;
Lieutenant J. F. Mercer, Minnesota vol
unteers; Captain O. l>. Hamlln, medical
staff. Fifth California; General A. Bar
rett, Colonel T. Clufi", Lieutenant-Colonel
J. R. Uourte, Lieutenant-Colonel L. Bar
rere, Colonel Burgin, Lieutenant-Colonel
Emeric, Lieutenant-Commander T. A.
Nerney and Lieutenant T. M. Shaw,
naval militia; Lieutenant-Colonel Stanley,
Major Fitzgerald, Lieutenant J. M. Ken
nedy, Lieutenant B. S. French, Captain
C. A. Rodger 8, medical staff of the Sixth
California Volunteers, and a number of
enlisted men from various regiments of
volunteers.
During the regular session Colonel
■ Jewett, who is an Elk, delivered an ad
dress, in which he eulogized the flag that
the order loves, and. speaking of the
charity of the order, said that it extended
to all, "to God's poor, the devil's poor and
the poor devil."
The exalted ruler appointed George E.
de Golia of Oakland Lodge chairman of
the social session. After patriotic selec
tions by the orchestra and the singing of
the "Star-spang4ecl Banner" by the vis
itors and hundreds of Elks present. Gen
eral W. H. L. Barnes delivered the ad
dress of welcome, which wbs a most elo
quent and patriotic effort, and was vo
ciferously applauued. In conclusion he
said that the strangers had been favor
ably impressed by the welcome from the
ladies; "but wait," he said "till you re
turn visitations, and the welcome they
will give you there will be such that all
the unmarried men will never return to
the States from which they came."'
The response was by Colonel Jewett,
and then there were addresses by Colonel
Reaves, Lieutenant \Colonel Ames and
others, and a programme of song and
music by professional talent from all the
theaters in the city except from the Cali
fornia.
There was an abundance of refresh
ments. The meeting closed with expres
sions of godspeed to the soldiers and
cheers for the flag.
Presidio to Be Made Sanitary.
The presence of the United States vol
unteers on private camping grounds Is a
subject that the Chamber of Commerce
has seen lit to take notice of, and in or
der that the Government may be made
aware of that fact, ton-ether with the ne
cessity of putting the grounds at the Pre
sidio In proper sanitary condition, the
following dispatch was forwarded to Sen
ator Perkins yesterday from the Cham
ber of Commerce:
CHAMBER OF COMMERCE.
RAN FRANCISCO, June 3, 1898.
Hon. George C. Perkins, Washington, D. C. :
Please present this to the California delegation.
It Is suddenly found that the Presidio military
reservation is not fit for a large military camp.
It is sadly short of water ■ and Inadequately
eewered. The soldiers sent to the city are
camped on private property. The trouble is
very serious in view, of possible emergencies
and should be remedied at . once. Other coast
cities have noted the failure of the Presidio
to meet military demands and propose offering
the Government land for rendezvous purposes
with a view of drawing the soldiers away from
here. Steps should be < taken to Immediately
provide the Presidio with the proper supply
of fresh water and to have It properly sewered,
every portion, of it. ; The military and com
mercial interests of the city make immediate
action Imperatively, necessary.
HUGH CRAIG,
*— *mj President Chamber of Commerce.
THE PASSING
OF THE GRADY
Now Known as the
Steamer F. M. Smith.
WHAT MARINERS MAY EXPECT
FORECAST OF NORTH PACIFIC
WEATHER FOR JUNE.
The Harbor Commissioners Expect
to Open the New Ferry Depot
to the Public Next
Month.
The old sternwheel steamer H. C. Grady
Is to change her name and go to the
Klondike. There is a hoodoo on her pres
ent cognomen, so her owners are going to
see If the name F. M. Smith will not
bring a change of fortune. Collector of
the Port Jackson has been appealed to,
and he has given permission, so in a few
days the H. C. Grady will be officially
known as the F. M. Smith of Oakland,
Cal.
The Grady never made any money for |
her owners. She was built In Portland
and ran on the Columbia River for a
time. Then she was laid up, and finally
some of the fruit dealers In Oakland
tried to buy her for the Sacramento River ,
trade. Everything but the paying of the
purchase money waa carried out, and the
vessel was held at the last minute. Fi
nally everything was straightened out .
and the Grady came to San Francisco.
She made Beveral trips up the Sacra
mento in opposition to the Southern Pa- '
cilie, but her debts followed her from
Portland, and the new ones incurred here
soon swamped the venture. She was
libeled, seized by the United States Mar
shal, sold at public auction and has ever ,
since been lying up in Oakland Creek. I
She is now to be brought out of retire- ;
ment, and it is to be hoped that under
the name of F. M. Smith she will make
money for so mo one.
Captain John Barnesen has sold a half
Interest in the weU known bark Scminole
for $tioou to Mrs. M. R. West, Joseph Han- '
bury and K. 1,. Renaud.
The Branch Hydrographic Office has Is
sued the following forecast of wind and
weather in the North Pacific Ocean for
June. 1S98:
"Atmospheric equilibrium obtains In
June more than during any other month
of the year.
"Typhoons are not frequent In the
China seas during June, but they may
occur toward the latter part of the
month, first appearing to the eastward of
the Philippine Islands. The paths of a
few typical typhoons that have occurred
during June in previous years are shown
on the chart."
The hull of the wrecked ship New York
was sold at the Merchants' Exchange
yesterday for $310 to D. Roth. The ves
sel will be broken up and everything pos- -
slble salved.
The Harbor Commissioners announce
that they expect to open the new ferry
depot to the public on July 1.
ARMY HEADQUARTERS.
Advices That lowa and Ten-
nessee Regiments Are
Coming.
First Lieutenant John G. Burnett, aid
do-camp to General Merriam, has been
put in charge of the adjutant general's
office of the department of California, in
ordter to allow Adjutant General Field to
attend more fully to the many duties
that have recently devolved upon him.
First Lieutenant George T. Bartlett of
the Third Artillery has been ordered to
proceed to Carson to muster in the nrst
troop of the Independent Nevada Cavalry.
The recruits that are being received by
Lieutenant Abernethy in the artillery re
cruiting office in the Phelan building are
, being distributed among the batteries
destined for Manila. Several hundred re
: emits arc expected from Nashville and
St. Louis in a few days for the Third Ar- i
tillery.
Lieutenant Skerrett has opened a re- :
crulting office in Los Angeles, and Is en
listing men for the artillery, and It is very
likely that all the batteries that are go
ing to the Philippines will soon be filled
to the limit.
Robert E. "Williams, acting assistant
Burgeon, will accompany Battery C,
Heavy Artillery Volunteers, from the
Presidio to Fort Canby, Washington, at
the mouth of the Columbia River.
Lieutenant Thomas of the Twenty
third Infantry has opened a recruiting
office in rooms 6 and 7, 23 Kearny street.
A dispatch has been received by Cap- ;
tain Thompson, chief quartermaster of
the department of California, that the
First Tennessee Volunteer Infantry will
leave Nashville in a few days for San
Francisco, probably reaching here at the
end of next week.
The Fifty-first Tnwa Volunteer Infan
try has been ordered to San Francisco.
It is not yet known when this regiment
will start.
All the troops going to Manila on the
second expedition next week have been
completely outfitted by the clothing and
equipage department, which has been
kept very busy for the last ten days.
ATTEMPTED TO ESCAPE.
Soldiers Pursue a Prisoner
With Fixed Bayonets.
The sight of eight stalwart soldiers
charging through the streets with fixed
bayonets In pursuit of a fugitive cre
ated n profit deal of excitement at North
Beach yesterday afternoon.
Private Madison of Company E, Wash
ington Volunteers, has for some days
been confined In the guardhouse, await
ing- sentence for shamming sickness and
using vile and abusive language to an
officer. Yesterday afternoon he was per
mitted to go out for exercise under the
guard of a sentry. A five-foot board
fence runs along the easterly end of the
Fontana barracks ground, and as the
couple approached the prisoner suddenly
made a bold dash and scaled the fence.
The sentry jabbed at him with a bay
onet and missed. Then the chase began.
Lieutenant Weigle, the officer of the
guard, was near by when the incident oc
curred, and he at once called the guard
and started in pursuit. The chase was
hot down Francisco street to Jones, where
the fugitive cut across lots, over a fence
and into a house fronting on Bay street.
Lieutenant Weigle at once posted a guard
around the house, and after a long search
finally discovered the prisoner hiding un
der a bed. When dragged out he was
crestfallen and sullen and permitted him
self to be taken back to the guard
house without attempting to resist.
It has not been customary for the sen
tries to carry ammunition, it having here
tofore been considered unnecessary, but
in the future they will be prepared for
any emergency which may arise. On his
return to the barracks Lieutenant Weigle
was warmly commended for his activity
in recapturing the prisoner.
The Soldiers' Postoffice.
Postmaster Montague has fixed upon
Ihe corner of Fourth avenue and C as
the site for the temporary branch post
office for the accommodation of the sol
diers. Only mail deposited by or ad
dressed to soldiers will be handled, and
all classes of mai' including registered
letters and packages will be received.
The only mail business which will not be
done will be the issuance and receipt of
money orders.
Through Postmaster Montague's efforts
the department at Washington has made
an allowance for the salary of three
clerks for that work, and the San Fran
cisco Board of Supervisors have granted
Mr. Montague the use of one of the port
able election booths free of charge.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
*■•*■ " '^I'^^^mfw^^l ;***»*,
._■_;._;.- -. ADVERTISEMENTS^ "" . ■':; _-YCj-i'ii'-b^:£i,
WEATHER REPORT— Light northerly changing to fresh westerly winds.. : ; ';:
An interesting . . .-'.'.. •■':
concert to-day ; '
By the Boston Elite Orchestra, under the direction .of Leo Bruck
from 2 to 5 p. m. Everything to • make you comfortable — an ,
enjoyable way to pass the afternoon. Here's' the program:' . '"' : '\
1 March. "The. Pet of the. Raiment". .Hoist • ' •
2. Charactertstique piece, "Simplicity".. Moses . . •
Visit Our Millinery Department.. V •
S. Overture... "Norma" ..-., '...„... Belljni
4. Waltz, "Diana" :.... Witt
(One of the latest, it represents "The Hunt,"
;''.'•■-' ' and Is very descriptive-.)- ':.: ; ' .-. -• .
5. Selections, "The Army Chaplain". Millocket ' '/ ' ■ :
See Our New Shirt Waists..- 1 - : * •
8. Ballet music, "Love's Whisper".... Marks " '•. -. , ■ ■
(One of the hits of the present season in New ■ • . r '-'o
York.) . : • ■ ■-
7. Medley, overture, "Gay Coney Island".. Levy . ,'; ■;'•
■'•■•■ (Founded on. melodies of that popular -play.) ; '
Ladies' Parlor Open. '•'.■■
I. Cornet solo, "The Sweetest .Story. Ever ••
Told" StuU
• (Soloist, Mr. Keller.) ■' • • .'-".■;•;- . .
9. Waltz, "Vienna Bloods" ' .'..'. ...Strauss. . ■ ••
10. Selection, "The Gypsy Baron". .....Strauss .-' .
(Embracing the principal songs of this popu- ' ' ■ ••'" =.
. lar ojiera.) .; :
Private Fitting Rooms. . ' ■
11. "Badinage" ". •. ....... .../.:. ...Herbert . .
(The latest composition by. the composer of, '■• "• •
"The Serenade-.") •. • ' . • ;•.' •••
12. March. "American Republic" ....... .Thiele ■ ' '■ ' .■'"
(The march of to-day, introducing "The Star' ■".'•.• . . ;
• Spangled -Banner.") '..."'•;• ' ['
Gloves sale
to-day.
Two lots on sale to-day. A chance to get a bargain if you are
willing to do a little picking from two miscellaneous lots. • On the
tables for you to choose from. Don't miss' it.. They're cheap !
Here's the list : .^^ ;I ■•-.'•■ ! .
LOT OSTo. I.
Over 1700 pairs in all. Among, them are 8-button-length. Suedes,
Mousquetaires, Trefousse and Jouvins, for the opera, in sizes.- 51 to 6^,
3 clasps and buttons, with plain or embroidered backs in 'sizes 5i .
to 7, for the street. Many browns, tans, modes, reds, greens, blues,
pearls, slates and blacks. Not every size of every color, remember,
but a miscellaneous assortment of broken sizes. You will surely .
find 3or 4 pairs that you'll want. Some worth $1.00, others $1.50 ;
and $1.75, and a few $2.00. All on sale at . • ''. ' '
LOT 3STO. 11. . 65c Palt-
LOT 3XTo. 11.
720 pairs of Ladies' and Misses' Biarritz Kid Gloves, in sizes 5 to 8. .
This was our 85c Glove. Colors brown, tan, red, black and pearl.
Not all sizes of every color, but enough to make an easy choosing. •
For the sale to-day . • • " .• :
* . *. 59c F»alr . .
■ v
"When you are in the store ask to see our famous 3 -clasp dol-
lar Glove in all the new shades — guaranteed, cleaned and •.
mended free. ;;/..,;-, • '•'.'"••■,'.•
Many ladies have found great satisfaction. In our .$1 50
3-clasp. Very popular for. street- wear- * •..•'.••-.
.r ..."'. ■•■■.' • ■
Veiling sale ■ . •
to-day. ; .
1000 yards of 27-inch double-width Veiling, brown, navy and btack'; :
Tuxedo, Fishnet and fancy meshes. Worth from 50c to .75c yard.-
On sale to-day at , • ' . \ .'■.'
25c Yard ;
Don't fail to see our assortment of Veilings.' Complete, lines
up to $1 50 yard.
shirt waists
39c. • .
Percale Shirt Waists, neat as wax, well made and perfect fit. High ;
standing collars, turned edge, laundered cuffs. The new blouse
v•" effects. Sizes 32 to 42. Only .150 in the lot, so come early.
39c Each
Percale Waists, yoke back ....50c*
Roman Stripe Waists .'....TJ5e
Dimity Waists $1 OO
Organdie Waists $1 25, $1 50, $2, $2 50 and $3
A Big Assortment of Separate Skirts Now Ready.
937=939=941=943=945=947 Market Street.
TWO SPLENDID TRAINS DAILY
XO XHE EAST
via Great Rock Island Route.
ROCKY MOUNTAIN
LIMITED
Leaves DENVER, . . 9:30 a.m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 9:35 a. m. j
Arrives LINCOLN . 11:45 p. m.
« OMAHA, . . 1 :30 a. m.
" DES MOINES, . 5:25 a.m.
« DAVENPORT, . 9:48 a. m.
" CHICAGO, . 2:15 p.m.
Next Day.
Through Sleepers and Chair Cars
Colorado to Chicago. Wide Vesti-
bule throughout. The finest train
in the We^t.
These are New Trains In addition to our former service.
For particulars and folders giving time of these trains write "' ■•
F. W. THOMPSON, CLINTON JONES,
T. P. A., 214 B. Spring St., Los Angeles, Cal. GENERAL AGENT, 624 MARKET STREET.
E. E. MacLEOD, JNO. SEBASTIAN,
A. G. P. A.. TOPKKA. G. r». A.. CHICAGO.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even In their most aggravated forms.
WRITE if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FBKK and confidential
at office or by letter. A valuable book. "Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street. San Francisco. CaJ.
\A/. X. HESS,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor, Koom 1015, Claus Spreckels Bldg.
Telephone Brown ML
Residence. S2l California street. below :
Powell, Saa Frajiclsoe. »_ J,
COLORADO FLYER
Leaves DENVER, . . 2:45 p.m.
" COLO. SPRINGS, 2:45 p. m.
Arrives TOPEKA, . . 7:30 a.m.
" KANSAS CITY, 9:15 a.m.
Ar. ST. LOUIS, (Wab. Ry.)6:15 p. m«
Arrives ST. JOSEPH, . 10:40 a. m*
Ar. LINCOLN, (Ex. Sun.) 6:42 a. m.
Ar. OMAHA, (Ex. Sun.) 8:50 a. m.
Through Sleepers Colorado Springs
to St. Louis via Wabash Ry.
MADE (VIE A MAN
§AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURB • .
A. LI, Jfervous IH.ieasea— Failing Mem- i ;
ory, lin potency. Sleeplessness, etc., cause.!
by Abase or other Excesses and India* ,• .
cretions. They quickly and surely ' ■
restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and °
fit a man for study, basinassor marriage. < ■.
> Prevent Insanity and Consumption ■ if !. '
me. Their use shows Immediate improve^ ''■■
mentßnd effect* a CURE where all other fail In- i
sist upon having the c«naino AJax Tablets. They,. .
have cured thousand!! and will you. We eiva apoa- /■
. itive written Guarantee to effect a cure Eft fiTQ ia .
each case or refund the money. Price w VI Wiper •
paoknso; or six pieces (fall treatment) for $2.50. B/ i
mail. In plain wrapper, nix receipt of price. Circular i-
lwe • AJ A X !/P rr * p fO.. ' '9,p««rl»rßSt., ! •
For sale in San Francisco by Lelpnlts * Co., -
136 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 949 Hit. • .
Mil!l!lil!lMI •
HAVE YOU- Sore Throat, Pimples, Copper-
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ■' •
In Mouth, Hair-Falllnsr! Write COOK KEM- .
EDYCO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- 5
CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cures. Capital ■
1 5500,000. Worst cases cured in la to 35 days, ■ •
100-page book free. J .
Baja California . .
DAMIANA BITTERS '
Is a powerful aphrodisiac- and specific . tonio ■ '
for the sexual and urinary organs of both ;
sexes, and a great remedy for diseases of th» . .
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative.
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on Its own, '
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER. ALFS & BRUN'E. Agents, .
133 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular,! .6
".. SATURDAY ." JUNE 4. 1898
■':.'/■ JOHN D. SPRECKELS, _ Proprietor.
Address Alt Communicati*n«Ji©J<V ; J>^
• PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third St*.. S. F.
• '■'..•. . Telephone Main 1868. ,
.' EDITORIAL ROOM.- 217 to 221 SUVinMn Street
. .| • _.•-. -. .; >\ Telephone Main 1874.
: THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I* <
" -. . : - served by carriers In this city and surrounding towns
.." : for 45 cents a week- By mall $6 per year; per month
■ ;• : ;•'." 65 cents. ______
: . THE WEEKLY CALL On« year, by mall. $1.50 1
: OAKLAND OFFICE #09 Broadway j
;.-. MEW YORK OFFICE Room IBS. World Bul!dln«
■'./■■ DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative.
..WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rlftfts Bone*
' ' '•■ . ' • C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marqaette Bulldlnt
: ; : C. GEORGE KROGNE6S. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, corner Clay,
• •/• opln until 9:30 o'clock- ZS7 Hayes street, epen until
:. . 9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
' ! • " o'clock- . 615 LarKln street, open until 9:30 o'clock;.
■'.■ . - 1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 MarKet
v • street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
•■" ..Mission street, open until 9 -o'clock* 106 Eleventh
• '. .street, open until 9 o'clock- '505 Polk street, open
• .. until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
■."". . . Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock.- ,
■ • • .. ■• . .. ■ AMUSEMENTS. *
Columbia—" The New Doml'.on " • "
."■ California—Hopkins Transoceanic Star Specialty Co.
!••■ Alcazar— -The Master of Ceremoule*. "
: "..;■ .: Xi roßCo's— "The Bottom of the Sea "
'/.• Tivpli— ■"•Tbe Poster." .'
'. : ' Orpbeum-r Vaudeville.
. • The Chutefl— Zoo, Vaudeville and " Departure of the Peking-."
;'-. ' OlyniplA— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
. '.- ' Muro Baths— bwitnmiiif, i ' ...
ti Caiiipo— Music, dancing-, Keating', fishing, every Sunday,
l'.ecr«?.;itlon'Parlt— Baseball to-day. ' •; •
'■• . Coureing'-rlnglf'bldo. Coursing; Park. ' •
;■'? ■-■.Coursipß-— A: Union Coursing Part • ; ■
';": Shell Mound Park— Picnic to-day. ..
: I ' ' tchuoizcn Park, near San Rafael— Picnic to-morrow.
j:. ';'"".' " AUCTION SALES.
•. • . By Baseh Auction Co.— Monday, June 6. Bar Fixtures, etc,
V. at 321 Suiter htreet, at 11 o'clock. ■■•.':
RECIPROCITY TREATIES.
PROTESTS which our wine men have sent to
Congress against the new reciprocity treaty with
France are in the nature of efforts toward locking
the stable door after the horse is stolen. They will
arrive too late to be of much use. The question of
law raised by them with regard to the construction of
the clause authorizing the President to reduce duties
on Wines is one which can be settled only by the
courts, or possibly by an opinion from the Attorney-
General. Congress certainly has nothing to do with
it, nor is the President likely to interfere now
and denounce the treaty within a week after he has
made it.
While the protests are likely to be unavailing in this
case, it is not too late to attempt. to prevent further
.-damage by future treaties. Our Government is at this
time negotiating for reciprocity with Germany and
Italy, both of which countries are large exporters of
tyine. Unless strong protests are sent to Washington
it is probable arrangements will be made with them
si:m!ar to those made with France. In that case our
wine men will have to compete with all the wine
countries of Europe, and not with one of them alone,
as at present. ■■'':.' " . .
It is to be regretted that our wine producers have
been so dilatory in presenting their case. At the time
■the Dingley bill was under, consideration The Call
repeatedly directed attention to the fact that the ar
ticles on which the President was authorized to reduce
duties were almost all of them of California produc
tion and that we therefore would have to stand the
burden of such treaties for the benefit of the rest of
the country. No action, however, was taken at that
time. The section was adopted without protest, and
now the President has no option but to act under it.
It is to be hoped the legal question raised in the
protest may be decided in our favor. An opinion of
Attorney-General McKenna set aside a clause of the
tnrifF which weighed heavily upon New England, and
possibly we may have the present issue terminated in
cur interests. It is to be borne in mind, however,
that foreign treaties made in accordance with the con
stitution are the supreme law of the land, and there
fore the chance of getting one of them materially
altered is by no means promising.
The best solution of the matter would be to have
section t, of the tariff materially amended so as to per
mit the. President to negotiate reciprocity treaties by
concessions on other articles besides wine lees, wines,
1 randies and works of art, or else abolish it alto-
Kcther. There is ample scope for reciprocity treaties
under section 4. which authorizes the President, with
the advice and consent of the Senate, to grant reduc
tions on any and all articles in return for equal con
ions. Such treaties can be made to bear impar
tially on all- parts of the Union, and therefore would
be fairer than those provided for in section 3.
The protests sent on by our wine men will have the
effect of calling., attention to the unfairness, of the
present law. To that extent they witl do good. The
Senate may not have power to revise the treaty just
prranged with France, but it can interfere to prevent
further treaties -of the kind, and as further treaties
are now in process of negotiation such efforts are well
Avorth the making. .
Herz is still seeking the protection of the United
States, but there are understood to be secure and
tolerably comfortable' jails abroad, in one of which he
ought to find all the protection necessary. Having
served' his. sentence, he could go into the dime
museum line as a phenomenon of cheek.
Tf is said a feeling prevails in naval circle.-, that the
■'•■■battle. of Santiago will virtually end the war. It is a
nice, comfortable feeling, and the sanguine, sunny
natures capable of accepting it are advised to get all
the. joy they can out of it while it lasts.
. . The State of California is proud of the work done
l.y the ladies of the Red Cross; it is proud of the
i. ladies, too. Their devotion to the noble work they
; voluntarily undertook has from the first been beau
tiful and inspiring.
Fighting Bob Evans accords the Spanish credit for
'.ability to hit the ocean. The war seems to be con
. ducted on the principle of giving the devil his due.
Among the other casualties reported from the
Klondike must be reckoned the circumstance that
Soapy Smith has not yet been lynched.
Quay has clear title to political Pennsylvania, and
Wanamaker would have saved himself much trouble
by recognizing the fact in advance.
In regard to rumors from the front an excellent
plan" is to view the unpleasant ones with doubt so long
as possible.
There are evidences that the pang to be created
were Alger to resiarn would not be unanimously
•l\are<t • ' _
AN APPEAL TO PREJUDICE.
THE Post pushes Hawaiian annexation, attacks
Senator White for his opposition and declares
that only the sugar trust is trying to defeat the
absorption of the islands into our body politic.
This is an appeal to prejudice and not to reason.
The sugar trust is represented as fighting for its life,
which it will lose if Hawaii be annexed. In this way
it is expected to array all the prejudice against trusts
on the side of annexation in the expectation that when
it is accomplished the sugar trust will cease to exist
and other trusts will get a mortal blow.
The sugar trust is merely an association of com
panies and individuals engaged in refining sugar,
which issues a common stock. This association of
people engaged in the same business may be good or
bad; that feature does not enter into the present dis
cussion. It is represented as opposing the annexation
of Hawaii on the ground that its selfish interests will
so suffer thereby that it will not be able to exist.
Will our contemporary explain why annexation will
injure the manufacturers of sugar? They buy raw
sugar and refine it. The Hawaiian raw sugar comes
in now duty free, under the reciprocity treaty, is
bought, refined and sold by the sugar manufacturers
associated in the sugar trust. If the islands are an
nexed their raw sugar will continue to come in duty
free, will be bought, refined and marketed by the man
ufacturers in the sugar trust? What difference will
this unchanged situation make to them? How are the
members of this association to be helped or hurt by
annexation? If it will dissolve the trust, why will it
do so? These are questions that have never been
answered, though the appeal to prejudice which
prompts them has been made from the beginning.
Yet no one has ever explained how annexation would
so unfavorably affect the refiners of sugar as to drive
them into a life and death struggle to prevent it.
In the alignment of Senators on annexation there is
no evidence of the appearance of the allied sugar re
finers. If the very papers which make this charge told
the truth, while the tariff bill was pending certain Sen
ators were friendly to the sugar trust and aided it in
fixing the differential between raw and refined
sugar. If it is true, as was then charged, that these
Senators belonged to the sugar trust and were legis
lating in its interest and under its control, surely in a
battle for its life, which it is represented to be making
against annexation, these Senators should be with it.
That they are not is notorious. Quite to the contrary,
annexation is opposed by Senators who were praised
by these same papers for not belonging to the sugar
trust.
A year ago Senator White, for illustration, was held
up to public admiration for opposing the sugar dif
ferential which it was alleged the trust desired. To
day he is held up to public displeasure because he
opposes annexation and is condemned as a tool of the
sugar trust. Important changes in public policy and
permanent abandonment of our scheme of govern
ment should not be the fruit of appeals to passion and
prejudice, but should issue from calm and most de
liberate judgment.
HARD TO SATISFY.
I \ATRIOTISM was sufficiently strong among
1 ./members of all parties in the House of Repre
* sentatives to procure the passage of the urgency
deficiency bill on Thursday by a unanimous vote.
The desire to talk and protest, however, was too re
calcitrant in many of them to be overcome even by
patriotic instincts. Accordingly there was a debate,
brief but lively, which brought to the front several
classes of war critics and showed how impossible it
is to please everybody even when everybody wishes
to be pleased.
The object of the deficiency bill is to provide for
the emergency expenses of the army and navy brought
about by the war. The measure naturally gave rise
to a consideration of the provisions which have been
made to carry on the struggle. The first outbreak of
the debate was made by a member from Massa
chusetts, who demanded that cooks be provided for the
troops at Camp Alger. This precipitated a discus
sion concerning the conditions that prevail in the
camp. Many objected to the provisions that have
been made as inadequate, but old campaigners of the
Civil War like Grosvenor of Ohio and Livingstone
of Georgia declared the volunteers of to-day are much
better provided for than were those of 1861, and,
moreover, they asserted it is well to put the young
recruits through a process of hardening in camp so
as to fit them for the greater hardships sure to come
when they go to the front.
Next came a cry that the Government has not used
' due vigor in prosecuting the war. These critics com
plained that the administration is wasting time and
money in pursuing a dilatory policy. The war is
costing over $1,000,000 a day. In fact Mr. Cannon es
timated that if it lasts a year it will cost $600,000,000.
lor nearly $2,000,000 a day. Here, then, is an economic
i basis for the cry. "On to Havana." The shouters for
1 an immediate advance demanded to know the reason
why "nothing is being done."
Scarcely had this set of critics closed their mouths
when up rose a representative from Tennessee who
criticized the Government for acting too hastily in
equipping the army. He vigorously denounced the
War Department for allowing but seven days for re
ceiving bids for supplies. Such a short time, he al
leged, did a grave injustice to persons who would like
to be bidders, but who could not get their bids ready
in a time so brief as that.
After such a debate it is not to be wondered that
Mr. Cannon, who had charge of the bill, was some
what in doubt what to say. He could do no more
than point out the absurd and whimsical inconsis
tencies of the critics. "Some gentlemen," he said,
"come here and cry out and complain because in a
twinkling an army fully equipped with tents, uni
forms, provisions, guns and everything for comfort
is not ready now. and now here comes the cyclone
from Tennessee and says, 'My God, you don't give us
but seven days to bid.' "
DEMOCRATIC OBSEQUIES.
THE morning organ of the Phelan reform "push"
confesses that its faction is afraid to hold an open
primary. To this fear, it explains, may be at
tributed the interference of the State Committee in
local politics and the appointment of a committee to
make nominating conventions and State delegations
for the Democrats of this city. Had not the corpora
tions knocked out the primary election law, the or
gan says, the Democrats of its faction would not be
afraid to hold a primary, but since the reformers will
now have to meet Sam Rainey at the polls they pre
fer to take their chances on appointed conventions.
It is quite true that Democratic politics is none of
our business, and perhaps a proper regard for the
amenities of social life dictates that we should not
interfere with the quarrels of the reform '"push." But
we have some interest in logic, and when the organ
states in one breath that it is afraid to hold a primary
because Sam Rainey will capture the party, and in the
next that Sam does not control over 2000 votes, we
confess to a demoralized feeling of mental obfusca
tion. The proposition is as clear as a pool of Potrero
mud. If 2000 Raincyitcs should not be allowed to
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
rule the Democratic party of San Francisco, why
should the organ be afraid to hold a primary lest
these 2000 will capture the organization ?
Of course this is all bosh. The Democratic reform
"push" docs not fear an open primary on Sam
Rainey's account. What it fears is that the Demo
cratic party of San Francisco will capture the organi
zation. Mayor Phclan now considers himself
master of the situation. All he thinks he
needs is to get the nomination of a rump
Democratic convention, the indorsement of the
Non-Partisans and the approval of Colonels
Sullivan and Murphy. So he encourages the State
Committee to resort to autocratic measures and ap
plauds its unDemocratic procedure. He thinks he is
invincible, and his newspaper organ rejoices in the
thought that under the new charter, with his assist
ance, it will get a chance either at the treasury or the
corporations.
But we question whether all this will go down with
the Democratic people of this city. An open primary
is so distinctly an unterrified institution, the privilege
for scrapping for delegates is so necessary to the
proper sustenance and development of good Demo
cratic politics, that we doubt whether the party will
survive Phelan and the State Committee. The bosses
of the latter, McNab, Gould and Alford. are assum
ing a grave responsibility. Before they go much further
they had better consult a political undertaker. There
is bound to be a general Democratic funeral here
abouts this year.
SELLING PUBLIC POSITIONS.
I~*HE prompt acquittal of School Director Waller
of the charge of soliciting $500 as a consideration
for his influence in securing a teacher's berth in
the School Department for the daughter of EH T.
Sheppard does not by any means dispose of the pop
ular notion that positions in the department are regu
larly sold for coin. Mr. Waller may be entirely in
nocent of wrongdoing, but it will take more than
the verdict of a jury upon such evidence as was given
in Sup*-ior Judge Cook's court on Thursday to
convince the public that School Directors do not
traffic in appointments.
The difficulty of proving such a charge as was pre
ferred by Mr. Sheppard is manifold. There is no
character more despised by the predatory politicians
than that of an informer, and nothing can be done
in such cases as Waller's without an informer and a
prosecution which believes in and supports informers.
Informers are difficult to discover, but they sometimes
appear. But a prosecution disposed to rely upon them
and credit their testimony is never found.
Besides, it is always easy to discredit charges such
as were preferred by Mr. Sheppard on the theory that
the motive is revenge. Mr. Sheppard wanted a
teacher's position for his daughter. He applied to
Waller for his influence, evidently expecting to get
it. Failing, it was not unnatural that in his anger
he should turn on the official and attempt to ruin
him. This, of course, is improbable. Even if per
sons exist capable of such exploits, Mr. Sheppard is
not one of them. But the mere statement of the
theory illustrates the ease with which the best of mo
tives and the highest sense of public duty may be
discredited before a jury from which politicians are
careful to exclude all hostile critics.
The root of this species of corruption, therefore,
lies deeper than the impulse of corrupt politicians to
make money out of their offices. It betrays a moral
degradation on the part of seekers after municipal
favors which is eminently discouraging. No wonder
courts and juries fail to discover evidence in such
cases as Waller's when so many persons are found
willing to pay for places under the municipal govern
ment without any idea that they are guilty of moral
turpitude in making their bargains.
OUR CHEESE EXPORTS.
/~* ONSULAR Reports for May contains a report
I from Consul Dickenson at Nottingham, Eng-
land, on the cheese imports of Great Britain
which contains an extract from a recent review of the
subject by the London Tames to the effect that in 1893
the United States and Canada together furnished that
country with 80 per cent of the imported cheese, and
in 1897 over 8* per cent; but whereas in 1893 Canada
sent a little over 50 per cent and the United States
something more than 29 per cent, in 1897 the Canadian
trade had risen to more than 58 per cent and that of
the United States had fallen to but little over 24 per
cent.
The Consul accompanied the report with a state
ment that he had been advised by dealerr in Great
Britain that the discrepancy between the increased
percentage of Canadian cheese imports into England
and the decrease in the imports from the United
States "has been wholly brought about by American
shippers, who persisted in sending to this market a
product known as 'filled cheese.' American cheese
to a very considerable extent is therefore under a ban
in this country."
The report was sent from the State Department to
the dairy division of the Bureau of Animal Industry
with a request for an explanation of the alleged ex
ports of filled cheese, and in return a reply was re
ceived to the effect that the evil of filled cheese be
came so great a few years ago that in 1896 Congress
enacted a law regulating the manufacture and sale of
the article. This act is now well enforced, and the
Dairy Bureau reports "the filled cheese frauds have
been practically terminated and the reputation of
American cheese has been improving." As an il
lustration of the effect of the law, statistics are given
of the total exports of American cheese to all coun
tries, showing that while in 1896 these amounted to
but 36,777,291 pounds, they increased under the new
regulations to 50,944,617 pounds in 1897.
These reports show in a striking manner the evils
of adulterated food exports and the benefits of en
forcing stringent laws to prevent such adulterations.
While the practice of sending abroad filled cheese was
permitted the whole cheese trade of the country suf
fered. Our 9airy products were being driven out of
the best market in the world by Canadian products,
and that simply because of the dishonesty of a few
exporters. The Government interfered and at once
our trade began to revive. The cost of inspection has
been more than counterbalanced by the increased
trade and higher prices, and the future promises even
better results.
With this showing of the result of an experiment
on a large scale with pure food laws there ought to
be no further questioning of the advisability of such
laws. What has been done for the dairymen ought
to be done for all producers of genuine goods. This
is particularly true of the producers of fruit, wine and
oil products. In no other trade is there so much adul
teration, and in none are the adulterations so difficult
to be discovered by the consumer. A comprehensive
law on the subject should be enacted by Congress and
it should be made to apply to the home market as
well as to that of foreign countries. Business re
quires it and honesty and justice demand it.
This is a big country. It can conduct a foreign war
and a great exposition at the same time and make
successes of both.
AN AUSTRALIAN LAUREL WREATH.
Th© first important engagement of the
Spanish-American war has been a naval
conflict. This much was expected, though
it was naturally supposed that the West
Indies and not the East would be the
scene of the encounter. Of the two fleets
which fought at Manila, it has always
been recognized that the American,
though far inferior in numbers, was the
more effective squadron. It had at least
two heavily armed modern steel-built
cruisers. The Spanish vessels were mostly
wooden and antiquated, and the two Els
wick vessels which were engaged— the Isle
de Cuba and the Isle de Luzon-were lit
tle more than gunboats. The eight-inch
guns carried by the American vessels for
which the Spaniards had no equivalent
whatever, will probably be found to have
played a great part in the action But
apart from this, the triumph of America
at sea is expected because of the faith put
in the British stock. The best race will
employ the best vessels and the best guns
but the battle is ultimately won by the
brains in the conning tower and by the
determination and discipline of the men
when stripped at quarters. From Paul
Jones to Farragut, the Americans have
produced great commanders whenever the
occasion offered, and there is no reason to
suppose that there will be any lack of
dash and daring to-day.
In this last instance, the Pacific squad
ron flying the stars and stripes followed
the true British tradition when it sought
the enemy in its harbor, forced the entry
to the port, fought the foe under cover of
COLLECTED UN
THE CORRIDORS.
Fred Dodd of Fresno Is at the Baldwin.
F. Tobln and wife of Seattle are at the
Baldwin.
V. G. Frost, an attorney of Merced, is
registered at the Lick.
H. J. Gulmarals, a rancher of Auburn,
Is registered at the Palace.
Thomas Cullen and wife of New York
City are guests at the California.
Bishop W. F. Nichols of San Mateo is
one of the arrivals at the Occidental.
H. E. Barber, a prominent capitalist of
Santa Barbara, is staying at the Grand.
H. A. Higgins, a well-known merchant
of Chicago, is at the Palace in company
with his wife.
I. Bird Jr., a business man of Merced,
and E. Belleroche of London and Brus
sels are at the Lick.
Colonel Babbitt, accompanied by hl3
wife, came down from Benicia and regis
tered at the Occidental yesterday.
Lieutenant A. F. Fechteler, U. S. N.,
and wife and F. B. Blestmann and wife
of Winslow, Ariz., are among the arrivals
at the California.
Alfred Hasbrouch Jr., V. S. A., 8. D.
Sturgls, U. 8. A., Julius 8. Wile, U. 8. N.,
and Mr. and Mrs. E. S. Churchill of Napa
are guests at the Palace.
Louise Royce,
who has just ar
rived in this city
to play a local j
engagement, was ;
standing on the j
corner of Market
and Powell streets :
WHAT COULD
THE POOR
GIRL DO?
**l O rt rt rt
yesterday afternoon In company with !
her aunt, when Edwin Stevens, Tommy
Leary and George Lask came down Eddy
Street after a rehearsal at the Tivoli, and, !
on seeing the vivacious Louise, they de- !
termined then and there to play a prac
tical joke upon her. The little plot was
hatched in tho twinkling of an eye, and j
then the following scene was enacted for
the edification of the passers-by:
Stevens advanced briskly toward the
unsuspecting lady and, grasping her by
the hand, he proceeded to shake that
member »o vigorously that Louise was
almost dragged off her feet. He left her
before she could say a word, and there
upon she was confronted by Leary, who,
without a word, clasped the fair dame
around the waist with his good right arm
and with a "Pardon me. miss, may I have |
the pleasure of this dance with you?" he j
began to waltz with the now thoroughly ;
surprised lady, and div not desist until
she was exhausted by the revolutions.
The agony was not yet over, for, while
Louise was gazing on the rapidly disap
pearing Leary, George Lask came up and.
catching the countenance of Louise in
both hands, he administered a kiss on
her ruby lips that could be heard two
blocks away. He vanished before the ob
ject of his attentions could smite him with
her delicate fist, and not knowing what
might happen next Louise said to her
aunt, "This is too warm a corner for me;
lft up move up the street," which they did
forthwith. They had not walked far
when the trio of practical jokers rushed
up and Innocently said in chorus, "Why,
Louise, we are delighted to see you; when
did you come to town?" When Louise re
counted the adventure to some of her
friends she remarked, "Now, what could
a poor girl do?"
E. L. Holler, well known In business
circles in New York City, is at the Palace
with his family, and will make an extend
ed visit throughout the State.
S. Mipliavaeca, the wine producer of
Kapa, Jules Cain of XVwman in the San
Joaquin Valley and E. K. Altland of Los
Angeles are at the Baldwin.
E. B. Rodgers, U. S. A.. Chauncey R.
Burr, U. S. N.. F. J. Adams, U, S. A.,
Mr. and Mrs. D. G. Kidder and Mrs. T.
W. Ferry of Coulterville ere staying at
the Occidental.
At the Grand are registered C. H. Fink,
a merchant of Crows Landing; C. B.
Shaver, the manager of the Fresno Flume
Lumber Company, and H. C. Whiting,
M.D., a physician of Santa Cruz.
C. M. Hartley, the fruit-grower of
Vacaville, S. N. Lachman, a merchant
and rancher of Moss Landing, Monterey
Bay, and A. C. Rosedale. the Pacific
Grove merchant, are registered at the
Grand.
William H. Hudson, professor of Eng
lisa at the Stanford University, who has
been at the California, leaves to-day for
England and the Continent. He will
study the methods of the best foreign
universities and will be gone a year.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK, June 3.-Dr. W. B. Haines
of San Francisco is at the Empire; Q. R.
Worthington of San Francisco is at the
Grand; L. Dinkelspiel of San Francisco
is at the Holland; M. F. Loewenstein of
Castle Bros., San Francisco, who has
been visiting the Eastern markets the
past three wocks, left for home last
night; D. Zeile of Saa Francisco has
gone to Paris.
HEBE DEY COME, FELLERS.
At the age of ten or 'leven;
That's when folks has fun.
Ain't so much expected of 'em,
All their work gets done
Early 'nough to give 'em leisure.
They kin seek the shade
An" put in the precious moments
Waitin' fur the p'rade.
Glitterin' gold an' shintn' silver!
How they ketch the eye!
Wouldn't think thorn men was workin'
That goes prancin' by.
Wonder ef In life's procession
There ain't some who'd trade
Places weth the careless fellers
Waitin' fur the p'rade.
I —Washington Star.
THE USE OF CAVALRY
In the old days troops wore safe when
held in reserve 500 yards back of the fight
ing line. Now for 2500 yards behind this
line the ground is torn by bullets. Con
sequently troops are held 3000 yards back,
and even at this distance there will be oc
casional casualties. To take part in an
engagement the reserve force must be
moved through this wide and dangerous
zone. Infantry cannot do it In less than
twenty-five minutes, and another ten min
utes will be used hi getting them into
his batteries and gave apparently a good
account of one and all. There were no
Ironclads engaged on either side, so that
as a naval engagement the affair ha.« not
the importance of the Yalu fight, in which
the Chinese had two magnificent line of
battleships in action— ships which steamed
back after the destruction of their con
sorts, shaking off the victorious foe. The
Spanish account, that the American loss
has been too heavy for the advantage to
be followed up. may be correct. But. after
making all deductions, the American ex
ploit remains a splendid instance of the
dash and courage of the race. The fleet
encountered a force superior in numbers,
covered by gains and possibly protected
by mines, and it fought far away from
succor, and where, in the absence ot de
pots and of coal, defeat meant destruc
tion. The incident will test the morale of
the Spaniards, and their friends will hope
that their Cuban fleet will fight its en
gagement before the catastrophe is heard
of. On the other hand, it must further
assure the confidence of the Americans
that they share with Great Britain the
command of the main. The spirited verses
in "Oriel" the other day may be quoted
as poetic prophecy:
"Up spake the voice of Hawkins bold
from his couch in the ocean bed.
Off coast from Porto Rico fair, and these
are the words he said:
'Now, Francis Drake, be of right good
cheer, for the men who to-day fight
Spain
Are the selfsame breed as thou and I—
so turn to thy rest again." "
—Melbourne Argus.
line. Cavalry can cover the distance in
six minutes. The rapidity with which
their range alters makes them n difficult
target, and the moral effect of their thun
dering and swift advance is great. It is
estimated that the cavalry loss in a
charge should not exceed one-third of the
infantry loss. American military men of
the more advanced kind expect service of
the highest value in heavy engagements
from the splendidly composed and equip
ped volunteer cavalry that has gone to
the front. Of their worth in scouting,
roconnoissanee and as media of communi
cation there can bo no question.— Chicago
Times-Herald.
PRIZE MONEY TO SEAMEN.
It is a debatable question whether prize
money to officers and crew of national
vessels should ceuse to be paid and that
our soldiers at sea should be placed- on
the same footing as land soldiers who
fight either for patriotism, for the lust
of fighting or for $13 a month, and ra
tions.
William H. Hunt. Secretary of the
Navy, recommended in a letter to Con
gress In 1882, that prize money in the
navy be abolished "as a relic of the loose
and barbarous customs of the old buc
caneers." He suggested that the entire
proceeds of all captures should go to the
navy pension fund, instead of the half
as heretofore. The House Committee on
Naval Affairs recommended the passage
of a bill to the above effect, but it failed
to pass, and Jack at sea has still the
incentive of prospective prize money to
enter the navy. . ■
In a war like the present one, prizes will
not be very plentiful, as Spain's merchant
marine, small as it is as a whole has
by this time practically disappeared from
the seas in which our ships-of-war are to
be found, there are no more galleons mak
ing the passage from Manila to Acapulco
nor silver fleets and treasure ships from
Peru. Mexico and Havana to be inter
cepted before reaching ports in Spain, and
this highly lucrative species of warfare
has passed Into history with the bucca
neers. Instead of Bpice-laden sailing
snips there are now only foul smelling
cat tie steamers, and colliers, while lum
ber droghers and iron ore carriers have
supplanted galloons bearing ingots of goid
and silver and priceless pi
Although the stories of rich captures In
the pood old days, before steam and tele
graph were invented or ut iliz.-.i have in
many instances been greatly exaggerated
there are authentic cases of fabulously
r ™ P rlzes as based on the value of money
100 years ago. *
■dl"..d 1 ".. the J ast days of October, 17M, four
British frigates, the Ethalion, Naiad
Alcmene and Triton, while on a cruise in
the Bay of Biscay, discovered and chased
two Spanish frigates, one of which the
metis, was captured by the Ethalion. and
found to have 1,411,250 pieees-of-eipiv,.
(bpanish dollars) and a quantity of cocoa
"ii board The other, named the Santa
Bngida, had on board 1,400,000 pieees-of
eight and a cargo valued at a like amuunt
and was captured the following day by
the other three frigates, the total loss to
the British being one killed and ten
wounded, and the Spanish three killed and
seventeen wounded. A Spanish squadron
came out of Vigo Bay while the Santa
Brigida was being captured, but retreated
before the inferior force.
Two days later the frigates arrived at
Plymouth with their prizes, and an im
promptu procession was formed to con
vey the treasure taken in the two Span
ish ships to the vaults of the citadel It
took sixty-three artillery wagons to trans
port the treasure. As the procession
passed through the market-place, during
a temporary halt, a gentleman pushed
forward To see how the Spanish dollars
were packed. The sailor in charge, carry
ing the British ensign over the Spanish
asked: "If his honor wished to smell
at the treasure," to which the reply was
that: "He would much rather taste it "
Th.- sailor immediately putting his fingers
in his mouth pulled out a small Spanish
gold coin and a quid, and putting both in
the gentleman's hand, said: "In my coun
try we find tasting better than smelling
and feeling is the naked truth, so your
honor Is welcome."
In the latter part of November . the
treasure was taken to London escorted by
seamen and Surrey Dragoons. It was met"
by a band of music, battalions of the
guards and grenadiers and passed along
Piccadilly, St. James street. Pall M;ill
Strand, Fleet street and Cheapside to the
Bank. The Lord Mayor and other high
dignitaries reviewed the procession and
treated the sailors. . -.
The result of these captures' netted- to
the British Government a tine hew frigate,
as the Thetis was oh her- first voyage
when captured, and the prize money "was
distributed as follows:
Captains, each .' $203,654 50 "
Lieutenants, each... 25,456 81
Warrant officers, each. 12,342 69 •
Midshipmen, each 3,958 75^
Seamen and marines, each.. 302 19l|
An occasional capture like those related
brought more sailors into the navy than
all the press gangs combined; and Jack
of to-day who has heard or read of old
time wars hopes for similar luck.
MORE FUN THAN FOLLY.
"Are you a native of this town?" asked
a traveler of a resident of a sleepy little
Southern hamlet.
"Am I what?"
"Are- you a native of the town?"
"Hey?"
"I asked if you were a native of this
place?"
At that moment his wife, tall and sal
low and gaunt, appeared at the open
door of the cabin, and, taking her pipe
from between her teeth, said, acridly:
" 'Ain't ye got no sense. Jim?' He
means wuz ye llvin r here when you was
born, or wuz ye born before you begun
livln' here. Now answer him."— Harper's
Bazar.
Saucee— l saw a man in a window
making faces to-day.
Symple— What was he doing that for?
Saucee— For a couple of clocks. He is
a Jeweler.— Tit-Bits.
Rev. Dr. Fourthly— How do you mnn
age to get your salary paid up in full
every year?
Rev. Dr. Fifthly— l give the people to
understand without it I shall be unable
to take my usual vacation.— Truth.
"The Spaniards expected to get Dewey
In a pocket at Manila, didn't they?"
"Yes, and they might have succeeded
if Dewey hadn't filled the pocket full of
holes."
Imaginary Dangers— Nervous Old Lady
(to deckhand)— Mr. Steamboatman, is
there any fear of danger?
Deckhand (carelessly^— Plenty of fear,
ma'am, but not a bit of danger.— Harlem
Life.
OUR SPLENDID TROOPS.
When a European nation tftarts In to re
arm its soldiers, two or three years are
given to the work. To a nation that has
been at peace for thirty years the arming
and equipment of 125.000 soldiers is not
three months. As a rule we do things
faster than they do them in Europe, but
it is too much to expect that wo can call
into existence a large army and put mod
ern rifles in the hands of the men in a
few days.
A prominent British statesman Is on
record as saying that, if a sudden call
came upon England to mobilize her army,
not more than 40,000 effective men witb
full train could be put in the. field within ;
two weeks. The United States has, .in:
three weeks, concentrated- her. regular .. .
army, and has put into camp 100.060 yol- : .
unteers. An English correspondent, writ
ing from Tampa to the London. ;' .Marl.. ...
says that the troops in camp at. Tampa.
and Chickamanga, regulars and . volun
teers, "are splendid fellows, lithe, active.
soldierly in every movement. They much
resemble our Australian troops, but hav'a
more professional style. The light caval
ry are especially impressive. They axe
wdl-horsed. and sit like centaurs." This -^
Englishman declares that we have mada
most astonishing progress. He probably
knows more about such things than the
newspaper strategists who have not been
within 500 miles of Tampa.— Chicago Inter
Ocean.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
A BACK DATE- B. S. 8., Pescadero,
Cal. The first of January. 1863, fell oh- a
Thursday.
REMBNYI— M. G. J., City. The name
of Remenyi, the violinist is pronounced
as if written Kay-men-yee.
OREGON AND IOWA— X P.. J.,. City.
The displacement tonnage nT the Oregnn
is 10,288 tons and that of the lowa 11.410.
SCHLET— W. A. S.. Oakland. Cal.
Commodore W. S. Schley is a native of
Maryland, where he. was born in 1839.
MELB.VS BIRTHPLACE-A. X . City.
Mme. S'piiio Melba (stage name of Mrs"
Nellie Armstrong) was born in Australia
May 19. 1565. •
ON THE REPUBLICAN. . TICKET— J.
P., City. John D. Stebe was the riomln.-e
on thp regular Republican ticket at the
election held November 4. ISOO:
REAR ADMIRAL I 'EAVEY— fc. . L. 8.,
Belmont, Cal. Roar Admiral pewey la
;» native of Vermont and is descended
from New England stock.
JOHN L. SULLlVAN— Subscriber.^ City.
John L. Sullivan returned, to- San- Fran
cisco from Australia Ootoher 3, 1891: Ho
appeared at the Columbia Theater about
two yean -ago. .• .-•.".■ ■
Dempsey and campbell— s., city.
The fight between Jack Dempsey and . Dave
Campbell in Washington Territory took
place November 2, 1885. . ■
DEMI 'Si; V AND 81-.RKE-M., City.
Jack Dempsey and Jack Burke fought
in the Mechanic^' Pavilion for gate money,
ten rounds, November 12.. 1886, and tha
contest was declared a draw. .
PRECIPITATION — Itc-ader, Napa. Cal.
The greatest precipitation of which there
is any record in California was in the
season of 1861-62. It was 49.27. .In Jan
uary, 1862, the precipitation was 24.36. .
WALLACE— H. B. S., Cit>\ W, T. Wal
lace. Judge of the Superior Court of San
Francisco, never was. Police Judge of San
Francisco. There never has heert a Police
Judge in this city by the name of Wal
lace. ' . . ; ; . ' .
CALIFORNIA'S POPULATION— E. 8.,
City, The State's population according to
latest official census, Which IS the one of
1890, Is 1.1.28.179." According to estimates
furnished by the Governor at the close of
last year the population is 1,508,130.
DEBATES— Young Debater. Alameda,
Cal. Go to a library and consult "Poole'9
Index" and the index of periodical liter
ature. Under the head of railroads you
will find a list of articles for and against
ownership of- railroads and data as to
where such- articles can be. found.
A DIVORCEE— F. A. S.:, City. A woman
divorced, from her husband has no right
•to resume her maiden name without au
thority of the court that granted the di
vorce. If, after obtaining a divorce, with
out having had permission to resume her
maiden name, she should declare, under
oath, on application for a marriage li
cense, that her name was. (giving her
maiden name) she could be punished for
perjury. . ■
NAVAL STRENGTH-J. G. S., City.
France is not the leading naval nation of
the world. Great Britain, has 938 vessels
of all. kinds, 4475 guns, 2243 officers, 58,918
seamen, 746 officers Of ■marines, 17,842 ma
rines, making a total active list of 79,947,
with a reserve of 83,000, a total of 162 947
men. .France has 584 ships of all kinds
23.40 guns, 2220 afflceFS. 49.300 seamen, 1640
officers of marines, 27,800 marines, making
a total active list of 50, 920. with a reserve
of 84,350, a. grand total of 162,270 men.
POSTOFFICE SERVICE— M. X., City.
Persons desiring employment in classified
postoffices should write to the Secretary
of the Board of Examiners at the post
office in which they wish employment for
an application blank and information. AH
free delivery postoffices are classified.
Th^re is but one examination for posi
tions in classified postoffices, namely, the
clerk-carrier examination. Applicants are
required to indicate whether they wish
employment as clerk or carrier, "the age
limitation for carriers is 21 to 40 years for
clerks, and for. all other positions the
minimum age limitation Is 18 years.
There is no maximum age limitation for
these positions.
•—«• — «• — •
Finest eyeglasses. 15c, at 63 Fourth st. •••
. ♦ .
Cai. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend'a."
—.♦ . .
Special information supplied daily to
business houses and public men by the
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
■ ♦ ■ ■ — i
"Columbia" and "Old Glory" Papete
ries. "Flag" writing paper, "Flag" en
velopes.'"Flag" tally cards. "Flag" place
cards and "Flag" stationery of all kinds
for private use and patriotic Occasions.
Wholesale -and retail. Sanborn, Vail &
Co., 741 Market street. •
. Kisbet— People. who. remain at home cart
have no idea of the. dangers our soldiers
encounter amid the rain of shot and shell.
TotthT— No, and thy> soldiers who go to
the war will probably never consider tha
dangers the stay-at-nomers run dodging
bicycles.— Boston Transcript.
Excursion to the Yellowstone Park.
A personally' conducted p*rttrslon will le^ve
this city July 12 for the.' Yellowstone Park, via
the "Shasta -Route" and; Northern Pacific Rail
way. Tourists will be. accommodated In first -
class Pullman car's; tickets wiU be sold, In
cluding • berths,' meals' -and. trip, through ths
Park. Send tor circular giving rate and Itiner
ary to T. K. STATELER. General Agent
Northern Pacific Railway. 638. Market, at., & F.
Northern Pacific Railway.
Cut rates to all points East. Call on T. K.
Stateler, General Agent, 638 Market St., S. F.
No well regrulatod household shoiild be with
out Dr. t.. G. B..SIKGBRT & Sons' Angostura
Bitters. Unequalled, as an appetising tonic.
SICK HEADACHE ■■ABSOLUTELY AND
■ permanently cured by using Mokt T^a. A
pleasant' .herb- drink. Cures ; Constipation and
indigestion, ' makes you eat, sleep, work and
happy. Satisfaction 'iruaranteeid or money
bai-k. At No Percentage Pharmacy.
Not lo.nr- ago the King of Siam is said to
have given an Italian artist the Grand
Cross of the Siamese Crown, saying:
"This cross will, entitle you to marry
twelve wives. It. is. a distinction I sel
dom confer; so I hope you will make good
use of it." ■ . :•.•■■
ADVERTiSEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third further than any other braad.
POWDER
Absolute!/ Pure ; ..
i^^_ WOV * L sakino powoea 00., wtw vowk.THE ARMY GHOST WALKS TO-DAY
Artillery Camp to Be Estab
lished at the Presidio Next
Monday.
Troops Destined for Manila — Progress of
Arranging and Fitting Out the
: Fleet.
The muster rolls of the Seventh
California, First Colorado and Tenth
Pennsylvania Volunteer regiments
went to Colonel McClure, chief pay
master, yesterday. The Pennsyl
vania arid Colorado troops will be
paid to-day, having been selected to
sail for Manila next week.
The commands so far designated for
the second expedition to the Philip
pine Islands comprise the First Color
ado and the Tenth Pennsylvania Vol
unteer Infantry regiments, the First
Battalion of the Eighteenth United
States. Infantry, the First Battalion of
the Twenty-third United States Infan
try and two light batteries of the Utah
Volunteer Artillery.
The Utah artillery was not included
In the orders originally issued, but late
last night it was given out in a semi
official wa-y at the headquarters of
General E. S. Otis that Captain
Young's Battery* A and Captain C.rant's
Battery B, from the Valley of the
Faints, had been embraced in the next
expedition.
It is regarded as highly prc-babie that
at least one battery of the Third Uni
ted States Artillery will be directed to
Join the first outgoing command.
There was talk at the Presidio yes
terday that four troops of the Fourth
Unltefd States Cavalry, under the com
mand of Major Sanford Kellogg, would
soon embark with their horses. Major
Banford reported for duty at the Pres
idio yesterday. Three troops of the
A LEADER OF REGULARS.
COLONEL SAMUEL OVENSHINE, Twenty-third United
States Infantry,- Commanding First Brigade.
Independent Division, of the Expeditionary
Forces Destined for the Philippine Islands.
i Fourth Cavalry, from the Department
| of the Columbia, will Boon arrive in
i this city. Recruits sufficient for two
additional troops have been enrolled.
j The second squadron of the Fourth
Cavalry will be commanded by Major
| Rucker.
The Quartermaster's Department of
the United Steates Government has
made one record in this war which may
never be obliterated. One hundred and
fifty mules were obtained in Baltimore
recently and shipped to San Francisco
to supply the army needs of this de
partment. Each mule of the lot deliv
ered in San Francisco cost the Govern
ment $231, a sum sufficient to purchase
three good, serviceable mules in this
city. It is said that the mules were not
taken out of the cars for exercise dur
ing: the trip across the continent and
were so badly Jammed in transit that
many of them will not be able to work.
NEXT TUESDAY OR LATER.
Orders for the Next Expedi-
tion Somewhat Indefinite.
Influence Invoked.
As published in yesterday's Call, an or
der was issued from headquarters late
Thursday night indicating that the troops
that arc to go on the next expedition to
Manila should be ready by next Tuesday.
A copy of the order was sent to the
various commands that will compose the
expedition. The order instructed the dif
ferent commanders to be ready to sail
by Tuesday or later. It is hardly possible
that the expedition will sail by Tuesday,
THE B&K FRAKCISCO CAT.L,, SATURDAY, Jt^E 4, 1898.
and It Is believed that the day was
named purely for the purpose of hurrying
up the supplies of the troops that are to
go. The expedition, however, may sail
the latter part of next week, and possibly
not before the first of the week following.
The slate made by headquarters on
Thursday night of the troops to go next j
comprised the First battalions of the
Twenty-third and Eighteenth Infantries,
the Engineer Corps, the Tenth Pennsyl
vania Volunteers, the First Colorado Vol
unteers and a battery of the Third Artil
lery.
The First Battalion of the Twenty-thrid
Infantry is composed of E, F, H and D
companies, and will be commanded by
Lieutenant-Colonel French. The First of
the Eighteenth Infantry comprises Com
panies A. B. E and G, and is under the
command of Lieutenant-Colonel Bailey. |
The order to prepare for embarkation
etates that supplies and subsistence for
Blx months, with 400 rounds of ammuni
tion, will be carried by the expedition.
This same order regarding supplies ap
plies to the other commands that are to
go.
The two battalions of regulars will be
composed of old soldiers, the other com
panies of the two regiments having b*en
drawn upon to furnish seasoned and well
drilled men. This leaves the Eighteenth
and Twenty-third, with one skeleton and
one new battalion to recruit, which they
will no doubt shortly accomplish , as 850
recruits are on their way here from the
East to join these commands.
ihe Furteenth Infantry is rapidly filling
its ranks, «>o that In all probability the
three battalion.-; will sail together on the
third expedition.
Yesterday afternoon a change was made
tn the selection of troops that arc to go.
It wan reported upon the very highest
authority thnt one or both of the Utah
Light batteries would be substituted for
the < 'nrps of Engineers. Captain Young,
the senior officer in command of the bat
teries, admitt'-d that he was hopeful of
going to Manila, hut he refused to dis- j
cuss the orders that he received late yes- |
terday afternoon. Captain Longfltt of the
Corps of Engineers stated that he had
heard his corps was to give way to the
FIRST INFANTRY REGULARS.
Colonel Evan Miles,
First United States Infan
try, is now in camp with
his regiment at Port Tam
pa, but the command may
at any hour be ordered
forward to occupy an im
portant position on the
Island of Cuba. Colonel
Miles fully appreciates the
many kindly recognitions
and the cheering- courtesies
which the people of San
Francisco have bestowed
on his regiment. The
troops of the First Infantry
were stationed in Califor
nia for twelve years prior
to their departure to the
front, and the regiment is
therefore composed large
ly of Californians. The Col
onel desires the fact to be
made known to the pro
gressive and patriotic citi
zens of this State that the
men of his regiment would
be happy to receive con
tributions of magazines or
other interesting reading
matter. The contributions
should be sent to the "First
Regiment of Infantry,
Regulars," Port Tampa,
Fla.
light batteries, but yesterday he had re
ceived no official notification to that ef
fect, and he declined to discuss the mat
ter further than to state what he had
heard. There seems to be no doubt, how
ever, that the engineers will remain, for
the corps has only sixty men. and it
should be recruited up to Its maximum
strength, which is 150 men.
The First Colorado and Tenth Pennsyl
vania were Inspected In heavy marching
order yesterday by Colonel Hughes and
Captain Mallory. These two regiments
will certainly go on the next expedition,
and the quartermaster's department has
orders to stop everything else so as to
have these two commands in readiness
by Tuesday. ■
There Is a suspicion that political wire
pulling is having much to do with the
troops that s corn.pose the second expedi
tion, and open expressions are to be
heard among the officers .of the regi
ments that remain regarding this sub
ject. - ■ ■• - -■; " ■ ■■■■-■■■: ■ '■■:'-■- ■ . -■-:/
The Thirteenth Minnesota and Seventh
California regiments and the two . Idaho
battalions are anxious to go on- the next
expedition, as is also the First Nebraska,
and each of the commanders of these dif
ferent liodies of troops will bring aa the
influence they possess to bear upon Gen
eral Merritt with a view of having their
regiments selected to compose a part of
the next expedition. The First Nebraska
will be Inspected in heavy marching or
der by Captain Mallory this morning, and
it is thought by many of the volunteer
officers that Colonel Bratt's regiment will
be included among the troops going next
week to Manila.
The Catholic Truth Society erected a
large tent at Camp Merritt yesterday,
next to the Idaho troops, for the purpose
of holding services. To-morrow Father
Yorke will have low mass at 7:30 o'clock
for the soldiers desiring to take com
munion, and at 11 o'clock he will hold
high mass nnd preach.
The Seventh Regiment will be present
er at 10:30 o'clock this morning with a
handsome stand of colors by the Cham
ber of Commerce of San Francisco. The
presentation will take place at the Pre
sidio.
The Odd Fellows hay« been erecting
small frame buildings in some of the
camps for the purpose of having reading
and writing rooms for the soldiers.
The Pacific Coast Baseball League,
through President Bert, has extended an
invitation to the officers and men of
Camp Merritt to visit the games free of
charge at all times.
The First South Dakota is now comfort
| ably located in camp, and the men were
' given a six hours' drill yesterday to
i stretch thoir legs after the long overland
i journey. Tents and subsistence have
i been provided, and when the ordnance
and quartermaster departments fill the
requisitions already in for the regiment
a finely trained body of lighters will br>
ready to start for Manila. The regiment
is most fortunate in having secured so
competent an officer as Colonel Frost,
who is an ideal commander.
Colonel Kessler, commanding the
Fourth Brigade, issued an order yester
day announcing the following members of
ORDERS TO EMBARK.
In line with orders from division
headquarters Colonel Ovenshine, Twen
ty-third United States Infantry, has
issued the following instructions:
HEADQUARTERS TWENTY
THIRD INFANTRY,
Camp Merritt, San Francisco, Ca.l.
General Orders No. 33.
Pursuant to instructions received
from headquarters independent dt
visio*n Philippine Islands expe
ditionary forces, Camp Merritt, San
Francisco, Cal., J\in» 2, 1898, a bat
talion of the Twenty-third Infan
try, consisting of Companies D, E,
Fnnd H, under th» command of
Lieutenant-<""!"nel J. W. French,
Twenty-third Infantry, will bo pre
pared for an embarkation to the
Philippines In <me of the ships
which will leave this port at an
early dnte. Tr- command will he
in readiness t epart by Tuesday
of next wci'k, supplied with cloth
ing camp and pnrrison equipage
and ordnance ar.d ordnance stores
for fix months" period of field serv
ice, taking 400 rounds of ammuni
tion per man. Subsistence stores,
in bulk, for six mr.nths will be fur
nished and delivered at the steam
er's wharf In San Francisco,
Hv order of Colonel Oversnine.
y By D. HOGADUR.
First Lieutenant and Adjutant
Twenty-third Infantry.
his staff- Captain Edward Murphy, Sec
ond United States Volunteers, assistant
adjutant-Reneral; First Lieutenant L. L.
Dynna, First South Dakota Infantry,
acting chief quartermaster; First Lieu
tenant J D. Fredrieks, Seventh Califor
nia Infantry, acting chief commissary;
First Lieutenant L. P. Sanders, acting
ordnance officer. ....
Colonel Kessler has also detailed the
following officers as a field officers' court
to try euch persons as may be brought
before it: Lieutenant-Colonel Lee Stover,
First South Dakota Infantry; Majors J.
I W. Drennan. First Montana, F. C. Pres-
I cott, Seventh California, F. M. Foote,
: First Wyoming.
The personnel of the Fargo company,
I First North Dakota Infantry, is not ex
! celled at the camp. The company includes
: many proft-psional and business men, and
; is representative of the best families in
' the great wheat State. When the call
i for volunteers came every' member re
' sponded. Among its officers are E. C.
I Gearey Jr., a son of Judge Gearey of
; Fargo; M. A. Hildreth, w^ll-known as a
i criminal lawyer, and "Billy" Edwards,
whose father, Major A. W. Edwards, is
i noted throughout the Northwest as an ed
! itor, and Is a prominent candidate for the
I North Dakota Governorship.
AN ARTILLERY CAMP.
A new artillery camp In which will be
massed the batteries designated for serv
ice at Manila will be established on the
parade plain near the Lombard-street
gate of the Presidio next Monday. Major
Hess will bring to this field four batter
ies of the Third United States Artillery
from the works at Fort Point, Alcatraz
and Lime Point. The Light Batteries A
and B of the Utah Volunteers, command
ed respectively by Captains Young and
Grant, will leave Camp Merritt and join
the camp at the Presidio.
The Third United States Artillery or
ganizations ordered to the camp are:
Battery G, Captain Randolph, Batten' H,
Captain O'Hara, Battery X, Captain
Hobbs, and Battery L, Captain Blrk
himer.
ANOTHER TROOP SHIP.
The Steamer Centennial Arrived From Seattle Yesterday and Will Bo
Added to the List of Troop Ships To-Day. She Has Accommoda
tions for 680 Soldiers, but as They Are Not Up to the Standard
the Chances Are That the Present Bunks Will Be Torn Down and
the Vessel Fitted Out in the Same Way as the Zealandia.
Overhauling Troopships Im
properly Fitted Up for
Service.
The Vessels Must Conform to the Plans
of the Australia and
Zealandia,
The steamer Centennial arrived from
Seattle yesterday and will dock at Fol
som-street wharf to-day to get ready
for her trip to Manila. According to
the agents of the vessel, she is ready
to go out with 680 soldiers as soon as
the stores have been put aboard. The
chances are, however, that she will be
delayed several days, as the army au
thorities contemplate making a number
of changes in her accommodations.
The Centennial was built in 1539, and
was then known as the Peninsular and
Oriental steamship Delta, Being a
roomy ship she was employed for a.
number of years in carrying coolies
from port to port on the Chinese coast.
Later she was sold to the Nippen Yusen
Kaisha Company of Japan and her
name was changed to the Takasago
Maru. She was employed in carrying
contract laborers between Yokohama
and Honolulu for some time and dur
ing the Chinese-Japanese war she car
ried troops up and down the coast of
Japan for that Government. When
running to Honolulu she carried 1200
Japanese each trip, and on one occa
sion she carried 1500 soldiers on the
coast.
From the Japanese flag the vessel
was changed to the Danish and was
given the name which she now bears.
She was brought to Victoria, B. C, and
there fitted out for the Klondike trade.
At that time the rush via Dyea and
Skaguay was at its height and on one
occasion the Centennial carried as
many as 685 gold-hunters to the north.
She is a good stout vessel of 1287 tons
net burden, 324 feet long, 35.6 feet broad
and 30.5 feet deep.
In the matter of accommodation for
the troops, the Centennial is away be
hind either the Australia or the Zea
landia. On the latter vessels ea<h sol
dier has a separate berth, which he
can enter and leave at pleasure, but
on the Centennial the men must be
crowded into all kinds of holes and
corners, and as many as twelve bunks
are fixed into a small square space that
would ordinarily accommodate six.
There is an entrance to the bunks from
three sides, so that the four men at the
head and the four men at the foot can
crawl into the space allotted to them
without much trouble. The four men
in the center, however, have to get
into their beds the best way they can,
and that means that they must, crawl
over each other. These bunks are all
three tiers high, bo that thirty-six sol
diers will be squeezed into- a. space
which eighteen men would consider .
meager. • "
In one or two favored spdts the ven
tilation is good, but wind sails will have
to be uesd freely in the tropics or
otherwise the soldiers will smother.
The Centennial has a fine flush upper
deck, however, and in the tropics the
soldier boys will be able to bring their
blankets up and sleep under awnings ■
in the open air. She is. also fitted with ":
an electric light plant and the men's
quarters will be well lighted through
out during the tropical nights..
The army authorities are going to
thoroughly overhaul the vessel] Major.
Long and the Medical Board will go
ovrr her to-day and will see ttiat the
accommodations conform with the cu
bio air ordinance. Supervising Inspec
tor of Hulls and Boilers Bermingham
and his. assistants will go over the
steamer and see that she conforms to
all the requirements .of law and a
board of naval officers will see to it
that she is fit to act as a United States
troop ship. After inspecting the Cen
tennial Major Long will visit the Colon
and China at the Mail dock, and the
Zealandia at Pacific street wharf and
they also wfll be passed upon by thu
different boards of officers.
The Colon was to have been fitted
out in a somewhat similar manner to
the Peking and Sydney, but the work
on her was stopped and she will now
be fitted out like the Zealandia, with
the Turner patent bunks. These all
have iron frames and wire woven mat
tresses. When not. in use they can be
folded up in a few minutes and turned
into settees upon which the soldiers
can sit or lounge at pleasure.
"The Zealandia is splendidly fitted
out for carrying troops," said Major
Long yesterday. "The patent bunks
with which she is fitted are the best
things of the kind I have seen, and I
have ordered the contractors to work
night and day in order to get a supply
of them ready. The chances are that
after the inspection to-day the Centen
nial will be fitted out with them and
nil the vessels that will be chartered
by the Government in the future vill
have them put in. In order that noth
ing that wilt go toward making the sol
diers comfortable during their voyage
should be overlooked, I asked for the
appointment of the Medical Board to
examine the sanitary conditions of all
the troop ships before they leave port.
My request was granted andnow every
vessel will have to be thoroughly
equipped before -he will be allowed to
go to sea."'
Orders have been issued to have the
troop ships ready for sea next Tuesday.
Captain Howard will have the Zealan
dia ready to the hour, but the chances
are that neither the China nor Colon
■will have their coal all in, let alone be
prepared to receive troops. When the
Australia, Peking and Sydney got away
the Australia was ready before the
Government wanted her, but the sail
ing of all three vessels had to be de
layed until the Peking was made ready
to go. •
War. Incidertts.
At State headquarters, California Ho
tel, new commissions, printed on parch
ment of the first quality, are being issued
to the officers In place of the paper tones
that were given them upon their enlist-
ment. " ■ "■■■■: ''~*
Major H. W. Card well, who, according
to a Washington dispatch, is to be made
chief, surgeon of a division, is a well
known young physician of Portland, Or.
For many years he has been' prominently
identified with the Oregon National
Guard. . ;-■■-'• :■'
The officers and men- of the Sixth Cali
fornia Infantry • are wrought up to a
high pitch. of indignation over an article
in an evening paper a .few days ago in
which the regiment was referred to In
uncomplimentary .term.-?. Every man Is
anxious to see -active service, and Thurs
day evening- a large delegation waited
upon Colonel Johnson, and asked him to
make every effort to secure assignment
to the Philippines. They have little fancy
for- coast patrol duty," and unless tho
Sixth is ordered abroad many will, seek
to be. transferred, to some more fortunata
organization. '•• :,
78
CLAMBAKE AND
DANCE FOR
THE YACHTSMEN.
The sloop Juanlta, which, was run down
last Saturday night in the upper bay by
the river, steamer Modoc, was beached
and the crew came down to -the 'city on
the steamer. On Sunday at noon Dr.. T.
L; Hill, commodore of the San Francisco
Yacht Club, took the. crew of Juanita on
board his sloop Cygnus, and landed them
on the bc»dh : near the scene of the col
lision; rhe..injnred draft was patched up
and- brought down to Bausalito. Cygnua
sailed on in Vallejb, finding? at Mare
Island the following United States men
of-war: Yprktown;. Mohican, Alert, Phila
delphia and Monterey, and the training
ship Pen^acolp.. Op. Decoration Day Cyg
nus Returned to her moorings. Vice-Com
modore C. T. S. . White's. Will o- the Wisp
palled up: ■ from Satisalito to Vallejo in
three hoars last Saturday; came down to
McNears Landing to Sunday! and cruised
to witness.. the Corinthian regatta on Mon
day; K. (-. B/artlett'a .Frolic sailed
to Antioch on.Saturid;a,y, returning through,
the channel 'on Monday." . ; ••'
This afternoon Commodore .Dr. T. L.
. Hill's Cygnets will convey, a : party of la
dies, to. MeXears Landing for the dance
to be given i:i the; pavilion there this
evening by the. Ban Francisco Yacht Club.
Members at all the other clubs are cor
dially invited, : 'and ..are 'requested to bring
ladies ! with the hi. /..Sleeping i quartes for
men can be obtained On shore,' leaving
yachts free for the use of the ladles.
: . Arthur Kaylor's sloop Twilight Is on th
"ways" atMenpttl's yard, Sausalito, and
will take Tier firsicrsiise to-ruorrpw." The
sloop Scout,, of :.the;£?un-Frariciscos, sailed;
. up.- to Petaluma;, drawbridge : during ; th
holidays. ■■■ -■• ... •. ■■
. . Tlie three- days' holiday, tempted ; man
of the Oirihthj-ans;; to .go. on' cruises; thus
the nuinDer of yachts' that /sailed oye
th.> course on regatta ■•day was small
than it has been tor several seasons past.
■Ex-Cpmrivodore ; :T: K. Tracy's Secret, and
■ the little, sloops Ores and Cl«he started
at no. m Saturilay. for Petaluma "draw
brlrtgi', returiilng vii .Monday afternoon.
Frank "A.. Hart.lQtt's .is cruising, up
: this Sac'raniHHta Kiver, but is expected to
reach Ml-Ninits..; '.Lai'iil'ing on Saturday in
time .'for- those.VO'iV ;iJ:oa.Fd ' to attend th
•.dance o.f'.the : .San';Fraiu.:iscos. ; . ■ The Cor
[ inthian ' cruise:- to. Petalu'ma : 'drawbridge
to-day Is expected to'-: be largely- attended,
T.h.' .Elncinal V.fht (Jljib lias on Its pro
gianiuit- for to-day anu ; to-morrow, a la
dies'. ■ cruise tu'- . Sail Mateo. . .'..'This, has,
however, : b:een 'deferred . until the Septem
ber ; hplidayii,-.the:,ilo.U'l Matep- not being
able at this asoti; to promise, the club
Bufflcient accomnipdatlpnfbrala^rge party.
Bo ■ It is ■■'likely '^tlia't- "• severar • Ericinal
: yac.htjsmeri ■ will ' ; : cr.uise '■ up '■• to McNeara
■ Landing' and take 'part in the San Fran
: cisco Yacht : Club's moonlight dance.
-' The ■ '-::'.. -Dm. : 'vawl ;S1 wash,', former!
Guinevere, of the Corinthians,. now th
flagship of the Knciiial' Yacht Club, .beln
owned .by. CuraiiiGido're- : J. '.&,. Ilanley, and
■ narrK-d .Spray. ' The- Kin in-ai. commodore
cruised over to- San'.'Frtinci.scb. on -Memo
rial day • witness .the • -Corinthian re
■ga.tta'; With -him "were Misses Bryan,
'Fraiices M. Bestow; Rita Penfleld. Mabel
Dodge, .a,!Ki Messrs. At. Dayton, Tarpey,
George n"smore, "C. 'C- Hanley and J. C.
Hahley. • . • Commodore ' Hanley arid hi
family will start about. tile. 2oth lnst. for
a cruise- up .the Sacramento.- River. Dur-
Ing the- holidays • Fawn • and. Pattiani'
A'plante cruised-, up. the N'apa Creek
Fawn returned early in the 'week but
Yolante' remained at -.Napa City. Charles
Thorn Jr,'s- schooner Fearlt-ss cruised to
San Mateo. • E. P. Taylor's yawl Emerald !
ils being' refitted by- Frank Stone, .and 11. I
K. Field's launch Kittle is how. in thor
ough order .and goes bu.t almost every
..day. The Sloop Lapwing, formerly owned
by. Fred Michael?, has been Bold to F. J. ,
Dbrn, and the sloop' Vixen: to C. J. Bates.
The sloop Iris has been sold "by Dr. C. S. :
Clark, and If. ' C. Ward' has sold his
Steam luuiich'i the purchaser intending to j
use her "ii the. rukon River.
This evening Treasurer K. X. Walter's :
Bloop KiuJila, carrying Commodore •C. J. i
. Lancaster's* flag, and Secretary G. F. !
et's. sloop IT • and I will-sail over to
.. Quarry.' Oovtv- Angel Island, to make prep
arations for the clambake to' be given
there to-morrow .by the -California Yacht
: Club.' me of- the . California fleet will
'. anchor off. the narrow gauge pier on Sun
day, morning 1 to take -non-yacht' owning
■.members ; and visitors -across to the isl
and. Members of all the clubs are Invited
'to partake of the hospitality of the Cali
■fbrnias....The following yachts will prob
ably go over to the clambake: Harry W.
Hrydges' sloop Hope. E3. F. Sager's sloop
Edna, AJlen M. clay's sloop Sea Fox,
Btevenson'a sloop Thelma, . G. turn Su
den's s Iff op Regina, C. A. Tarnberg's
•sloop Mi.-:.:!.. 8. Sherman's sloop Royal
and (' P. Moqre'fs sloop -Halcyon; A. R. i
Wilson's. :yatvl Pilgrim, George Wood- j
sun's. yawl Verona, Henry Franklin's
yaw! Bachelor and Vice Commodore G. B.
Edgar's sloop Sappho. Eugene Flanders'
launch Ariel, W. .1,. Prather's launch El
. Casador and .1. J. TlHnitin Jr.'s launch
Doris will probably -also take parties to
Angel Island. .'?■•'
At the last meeting of directors of the
' California* -the following new members
were accepted: Carl A. Tarnberg of the
• sloop Mist; B. W. Robsbn of the sloop
Volante arid George -Miller of the sloop
.Occident. Volant^' has a length over all
of 26 feet, was built by Stone, and for
merly belonged to William Pattiani of
the Encinal Club. C. A. Tarnberg took
his first. cruise in Mist on Memorial day.
J. C. Beetle has resigned his membership
in the Callfornlas. On May 30 L. S. Sher
man's Bloop Rpyal cruised to the Corin
thian regatta. hoping to have a trial of
epee.d with the- Corinthian yacht Merope,
but,: failed, as Merope carried' away her
bowsprit almost Immediately after start
ing, and was compelled to retire." Royal
•■•hadori.bo'ard L. S. ; Sherman, owner; Cap
tain Fred; .Fax rax. F; W. Stevenson and
.: Secretary (i, F. Gaither. The breeze of
last Sunday was. too. strong for Gaither's
elbpp to. make good time, and the active
secretary of the Californias is planning to
. : build a C utter 36 or 4.0 feet In length and
: o-f .g'Qod'befim. with a spoon bow. an over
hung; stern and an almost flush deck. She
■will ; carry" .plenty of lead ballast, and be
ftlff enough to stand up under a large
;Fprea.d of-can-vas. A. C: Lee now has his
sipbp Pride moored off Point Pinole and
will be gla'l to receive a call from yachts
men cruising. In the upper bay. The yawl
:Gypsie. Vr.il! soon be. ready to sail
:^A y_acht flying the bargee of th« South
Bay Yacht Club, which is rarely seen in
the waters of th« northern bay, was ob
. served on ' Decorotion day at the Corin
thian regatta. It flew at the masthead of
the keel sloop- Fou Follet, formerly owned
by H. H. G.brter of the Corinthians but
now by Louis Spnniksen and others L
Sonniksen. is one of the delegates of th«»
£ put Jl ? ay Club to the Pacific Interclub
..Yacht Association. ■
CITY BATSMEN VISIT
: THE CITRUS COLONY.
•: /./Last Saturday a team of cricketers left
& -Ban /Francisco' by the 6 p. .m. train on a
• 'visit to Placer County. The team was
made up as follows: R. B. Hoguo, cap
■ tain of the Alameda Cricket Club; j
• Bauirh, J. J. Morlarty, A. Dickinson H
•*:. O. Caeidy, J. H. Saunders, H. Ward' Q.
°. .iCroll,- J. \\ ('roll, v: Seebeck and E. H
. Ward. All,- except A. -Dickinson and h!
■'C. ■' Casidy, who are members of the Pa
-ciflc-club,, belong to the Alamedas. The
■ .".team, played under the name of the Ala
fheda Wanderers, as, including two strong
„ •P.acifte players, it could not fairly be paid
; to be representative of the Alameda club
.:■ In thi-ir. first innings the Wanderers
>cOTefl 131, of which J. J. Moriarty made
•'••"60 and A". Dickinson 27. In their second
• . ■•innings the- Wanderers scored 139 of
■ ' -.which R. 'B. Hogue made 43. J. J. Mori
. arty. 38 a:nd G. J. Baugh 24. The Wanaer
: .ers" total was 270 runs: Against this the
: Plaicer "CoUnty eleven scored 117 in their
.• flfljt innings; of which H. A. Butt made
v 50 and C. Siriimonds 23. In their second
-" ■-••innings' they scored 84 for four wickets,
.-. rriaklrig a total of 201 for the two innings,
•' ..with six ' wickets to fall and 71 runs to
" make .to .win. The highest scorers in
. Placer County's second innings were E. F
; Kllin : u (29). C: Simmonds (18) and E. ...
" ; •iiannb.wei : -(13, not out). The visitors hay
' .:' -Itig-, to return to the city on Monday, the
•:game-was drawn at 2:30 p. m. Dickinson
"■toil Baugh bowled best for the visitors
a.nd Paul and Simmonds for the Citrus
, "Colony team. The visitors were royally
• '•r«eeiyed, : and enjoyed a very pleasant out
tflg; : " •
• *• ' To-morrow ■ the second match of the
■seaepn between the Alameda and Pacific
■ . clubs' will be played at the Webster-street
c gTQund, Alameda. Notices have been sent
.■. out : 'to the Alameda players reminding
' .them -of the match, and new matting- has
been ordered jtqr^^.tb^gjoun^.. . ■ - ' -_„
The Field of Sport.
WHEELING TOUR
THROUGH
LAKE AND NAPA.
Just at this season of the year a great
many wheelmen are contemplating the
trip through Napa and Lake counties,
and the following letter sent to The Call j
by a subscriber who has just been over ;
the trip will therefore prove quite ,
apropos:
.' Callfornian wheelmen who are familiar with
the topography of the State often concede to
Its * northern -particularly to Lake :
County— superiority In the matter of
food roads, accommodations and varied scen
ery. As these are really the essentials to an ;
enjoyable tour, last May, with a friend, I took
a spin through a portion of/ that particular ter- i
ritory and a most enjoyable time It proved. •
Though there were no sensational Incidents. '■
others may profit a trifle by our experiences. |
Napa was chosen as the point from whlcn
to begin the trip proper, and leaving this city j
by an early train we were awheel by 10 o'clock.
We took the road running north, which paral
lels the railroad track, and passing through |
splendidly cultivated land, we reached sue- !
cessively Yountvllle, Oakvllle, Kutherfora.
Vlneland and eventually St. Helena, where we :
halted for lurch. This la a run of about .
eighteen miles, and not only was the road
In excellent condition and the scenery very i
prettily pastoral, but the light breeze made '
the riding most enjoyable. After lunch we |
went on toward Callstoga. The road here is i
level and In first-rate condition, especially after i
leaving Walnut Grove. The run to Callstoga is '
easily done in an afternoon, and here w« !
found comfortable quarters for the night.
We had decided to go t« the Clear Lake re
gion, as there Is a choice of routes— the one [
leading through the Geysers and Cloverdale, ,
and- the other by way of Mount St. Helena,
we chose the latter, though It is a trifle longer, ;
but we were well repaid for our trouble. This j
road leads across Cobb mountain and past Mid- j
dletown. Just after passing this picturesque :
town there is a succession of scenery, which
for panoramic effect is not equaled in Xapa ;
County; Indeed, it Is rarely surpassed any
where In the State. In fact, right on to liar- ,
bins, Adams Springs and Qlenbrook the pano- J
THE CRACK TENNIS PLAYERS WHO FIGURE IN BIG TOURNAMENTS.:
rama. Is almost perfect. By noon we had reach
ed Kelseyville. and after a short rest pushed
on steadily for Highlands, where we Intended
to spend the night. This was done easily, and
the roads continuing to be good and the at
mosphere delightful, we congratulated our
selves on the choice of routes made. The
forty-eight miles' run from Cnllstoga had been
done In very good time and ■ with no unneces
sary exertion.
Next morning-, not too early, we turned our
faces toward Lakeport, where we found our
selves shortly after noon, and making only
a brief stay, went on toward the Upper Lake.
This Is a fair three hours' ride over decently
food roads, and on arrival there we had a
choice of spending the night at either Blue
Lake or Saratoga, there being- but a -mile and
a half between the two places. After enjoy
inK the scenery for a while we decided on Sar
atoga, and got there In good time for dinner.
The road leads Into a broad and well-wooded
canyon a half mile up which we found the
hotel. There are any number of excellent
short rides in this vicinity, and as a matter of
fact we found It convenient to make It our
headquarters for a couple of days. It Was the
Intention to have reached the city on the
fourth' day after starting, but the vicinity of
the Lakes is very fascinating to the cycler who
has time to spare... '
Returning we took the road to Uklah, past
Laurel Dell and Blue Lakes. As far as Blue
Lake the road is excellent and quite level, but
It is somewhat— though not very— hilly beyond.
The scenery is delightful all the way, and a
pleasanter round trip it is scarcely possible
to conceive.
On the route described, the stopping places
are so well arranged that there Is not the
slightest necessity for making a labor out of
a (ipln for pleasure. The roads are very good
Indeed and the mountain air is delicious. Those
who have more time will find any number of
places to take up temporary headquarters from
where a number of interesting dally runs in
the vicinity of the lakes . can be made much
In the same way as we did at Saratoga. It
Is in point of fact quite a little paradise for
the cyclist.
I would recommend that any one making
this beautiful trip should first provide him
self with one of the Associated Cycling Clubs'
■ road books and membership cards. The for
mer gives explicit directions and distances.*
and the latter saves money In hotel bills by
reason of the discounts allowed C. A. C. C.
members.
The regular monthly meeting of the
California Associated Cycling Clubs will
be held this evening at 8 o'clock at the
rooms of the Olympic Club Wheelmen on
Post street. The most Important subject
to come before the board of governors
will be the changing of the date of the
annual twenty-mile race, which usually
takes place In July. It will probably be
put off until September. *
Captain Coulter has called a moonlight
run of the California Cycling ,Club for
this evening, leaving the club rooms at
8:30 p.m. at Twenty-second and Folsom
streets. At the destination, the beach, a
clambake has been arranged. Charles J.
Birdsall and Thomas H. White have been
appointed lieutenants by Captain Coulter.
Four members of the Callfornias left for
Manila on the Peking recently, among
whom was John F. Burke, ex-captain,
and once very prominent In L. A. W. af
fairs on the coast.
The Imperial Cycling Club has moved
from 614 Van Ness avenue and is now oc
cupying temporary quarters at 308 Baker
street, corner of Fell, awaiting improve
ments to their permanent quarters In the
THE SAN FRASTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 4, 1898.
same building. The next regular mwt
iiiK of the club will take place in the new
quarters next Monday. The following orti
cera were elected at the recent annual
election: President. W. T. Macfarlane;
vice-president, V. Fell; secretary, P. A.
Schoenwald; treasurer. C. H. Yearian;
captain. Ed. W. Schneider; lirst lieuten
ant. E. A. Rusac; second lieutenant,
Harry Leaven worth.
Captain Schneider has called a run of
tile Imperials to Camp Taylor for to
morrow. Tho club will embark on the S
a. m. Sausalito ferry and take the train
to San Anselmo; thence by wheel to des
tination, ('aj)tain Curtis, who took the
Encinal Cyclers to Camp Taylor last Sun
day, says the lunch now spread by the
hostelry there is excellent. Wheelmen
will remember it used to be very poor.
The Imperials will have a yachting trip,
limited to thirty members, Sunday, June
19.
Captain H. Goetz has called .a run of
the Ariel Road club for to-morrow to
Kites Canyon. Members will take the 8
a. m. broadgauge boat.
The Cycle Baseball League is ended for
the season. The proposed final game be
tween the Bay City Wheelmen and the
Olympic Cyclers, scheduled for to-mor
row, is off, owing to the inability of the
Olympics to get together a team, as some
of their men are out of town now. An
they had an unbroken record of victories
over all the other clubs except the Bay
Cities, the managers of these two clubs,
both so friendly to each other, were loth
to bring them together, as many a friend
ship is severed over the result of an ama
teur ball game. So it waa finally decided
to concede the championship to the Olym
pic Cyclers and to arrange another league
for next winter, with the games confined
to three months.
The San Francisco Road Club's ball
team wants to play the team of any of
the Kastern soldier companies now en
camped here, and has Issued a challenge
to that effect, the proceeds to go to the
Red Cross Society.
The Olympic club Wheelmen will have
a run to Marin County under Captain
Loos on Sunday, June 12.
The Olympic Cyclers witl picnic at Es
calles, Marin County, Sunday, June 19,
and invite friends to join them.
Jacob Belitzer left for a tour through
Lake County on his wheel last Wednes
day.
A. Cunha of the Bay City Wheelmen
contemplates a two months' visit to the
Hawaiian islands, beginning the middle
of June.
The Bay City Wheelmen cannot hold
their annual run to Blithodale this year,
as the season Is too far advanced and the
hotel there cannot accommodate the
crowd. They will probably compromise
by holding a picnic and games at Mill
wood, Marin County, and President Ker
rigan is now perfecting the arrangements.
As usual, all ex-members will be accorded
a cordial invitation to attend.
The Acme Club Wheelmen and the Bay
City Wheelmen will hold a joint blind
run" on Sunday, June 12. The Bay Cities
will take the 9 a. m. broadgauge boat to
Oakland and will be met there by the
Acmes. H. W\ SPALDING.
ALL ABOUT DOGS
AND THEIR OWNERS.
The San Francisco Kennel Club has
filed a complaint with the American Ken
nel Club accusing J. B. Martin of mis
conduct In connection with dogs and dog
shows. The complaint will be heard at
the next meeting of the executive board,
and Interesting developments may be
confidently awaited. At the recent quar
terly meeting of the A. K. C. two decis
ions affecting this coast were arrived at.
The action of President Belmont in sus
pending and afterward reinstating the
Pacific Mastiff Club was approved and
confirmed.
In the matter of Wade Collins, con
victed and suspended on his own con
fession for fraud in connection with the
pedigree of a St. Bernard pup, a petition
for his reinstatement was forwarded by
the St. Bernard Club of California, bear
ing also the indorsement of four mem
bers of the Pad Ho Advisory Board. In
view of the strong petition it was decided
to condone Collins' offense and to cancel
his unexpired suspension.
An application was received from Web
ster Jones of San Francisco asking that
the club rescind the suspension of his
famous setter dog Count Harold, which
he bought some time ago from H. T.
Payne. Payne was suspended last year
for making some libelous charges against
James Mortimer, the judge at the Oak
land show, which charges Payne after
ward refused or was unable to substan
tiate. Of course all Payne's dogs were
sharers in the suspension, and now Mr.
Jones, who bought the Count in good
faith naturally wants the suspension re
moved. The A. K. C. however refused to
accede to the request until Payne is
purged of his disability.
Emmett Sullivan of Menlo Park is ap
parently determined to be known as the
most versatile of our fanciers. He has
lately acquired one of the finest fox ter
riers extant in the East and expects to
"sweep the deck" with this latest acquisi
tion over next season's circuit.
LATEST NEWS
OF THE
NATIONAL GAME.
BY JOE CORBETT.
Some one, who evidently did not know
what he was talking about, gave to the
sporting editor of the Post an article
claiming that some of the managers were
not pleased with the work of Joe Staple
ton, the official scorer. This statement
is very untrue. No one has complained,
and no one can complain, as Mr. Staple
ton, when it comes to scoring a baJl game,
has not a superior in the business. I have
hud occasion to go over the work of many
"star" knights of the score book, during
my brief sojourn in the major league, and
have yet to find the man that caJi out
score "delicate Joe." When the Balti
mores and All Americas played here some
few months ago the players were aston
ished to find a man keeping score who
was so perfectly posted in the art of sep
arating base hits from errors and who
had such a knowledge of baseball in gen
eral. Many a flattering compliment waa
paid "Sir" Joseph's ability, especially by
the Baltimore players, who during the
championship season back East never let
a game pass without a tilt of some sort
with the scorers. This little incident in
itself would be sufficient to secure for Joe
a life position on Nick Young's staff, as
there never was a complaint In any shape,
manner or form entered against his work
by these experts while here. These facts
alone demonstrate Joe's proficiency to
properly take care of his work, and the
rumor that some one was displeased no
doubt originated from some player who
should first learn how <o play baseball be
fore attempting to criticize the work of
Mr. Stapleton.
Ab a warning to other players, Mr. Pyne
has been suspended for thirty days. Such
is the punishment Inflicted on a player
who, being unable to secure his release
on his own say so, resorted to work which
he now undoubtedly realizes was not the
"proper caper," so to particularize. Had
It been possible to have given Mr. Pyne
thirty days In the "old ladies' home," no
one doubts for a second that Manager
Coffroth would have done so. But it Is
not always best to go to the extreme in
matters so "separating," and as "Hand
some" James had the unadulterated pleas
ure of planting his hard right on Mr.
Pyne's left optic after the game at San
Jose, it is hardly to be wondered at that
he should feel avenged, and at the same
time contented, over the way things have
terminated. The trouble, as I now under
stand it, after making a few "feints" and
"side steps," while perambulating in the
"terrible" Pyne's presence, came about a.s
all such trouble does. Mr. Pyne, after
signing with the San Franciscos, received
a very flattering proposition from the San
Jose management. "They offered me a
position," says Pyne, "at $6<T per month,
outside of my share coming from the ball
games, and those 'guineas.' Coffroth and
Bunker, would not 'cut the wire and
leave me to myself.
"My persuasive powers being on the
'dink' ever since I made that home run at
Central Park, led me to the conclusion
that there was but one way of my sep
arating myself from that "sausage
grower,' Bunker, and 'Cigar Indian Cof
froth—who, by the way, reminds me of
a piece of 'chilled iee 11 — and that way was
by ceasing to interview the ball when it
came into my territory. The scheme
worked like Murphy's throwing . arm
sort of 'icecreamedly'— but I neglected to
use a little 'discreth,' and they rung the
curtain down on me amid an avalanche
of 'noise,' which sounded something like
steam oozing out of an engine whose pipes
were a trifle to the leeward. It's all right
though. I'll be in the game again, and
when I do steal in those 'guys' who have
been awarded a 'blue ribbon' for develop
ing 'knotty chests' will sink into a state
of obligation (oblivion) when they get a
tintype of my expansion."
"So there's nothing I could do for you,
Mr. Pyne, such as placing your case be
fore the strategy board?"
"Not a thing, old man. I met my
Manila through the efforts of that
board, but on the 'perpendicular'
'Dewey' really gets another crack at
the game. If they telegraph you for re
inforcements tell them 'I forgive,' but
don't mention it in the same sentence
with the thirty days. It might resurrect
old thoughts, and the 'Old Ladies'
Horne 1 is a trifle high-priced during
theße dull times. Say! Just a minute. I
voted for 'prosperity' and this is what
I gets. I have been given the 'keen'
overlook by those 'magets,' Bunker and
Coffroth. and now my 'old college chum'
McKinley has wiped the dust off that
'old prosperity talk ot bis,' and It la
simply awful to penetrate. No matter,
there's the recruiting office across the
street. Good-by." From Mr. Pyne's de
meunor it was easily apparent that while
a trifle chagrined over the turn in affairs,
he still clung to the hope that all would
soon be forgotten. He admits that he
was in t he wrong, and being a fair player
it wou}d not be such an awful breach of
"diamond etiquette" for the officials of
the league to be lenient with him If
his sentence should be cut in two it is
certain that the effect on other offend
ing players would not be diminished by
the move.
The most important point developed in
Mr. Pyne's case lies in the right of one j
manager to offer inducements to a j
player already the property of another
club. If the San Jose management knew
that Pyne signed a San Francisco con- i
tract and then made overtures to him,
they should be more severely dealt with :
than Mr. Pyne. His idea was all right,
but the action was very wrong. A player
cannot lie blamed for endeavoring to bet
ter himself, but in so doing he should be i
discreet. Pyne, on rinding he could not
secure his release, should have let the i
matter drop. However, from what I can
learn of the case, the real "villain" be
longs in San Jose. He started things a
rolling by not minding his own affairs,
and it is certain had he not made over- !
tures to Pyne the trouble never would
have occurred. As it is, Pyne's sentence,
■while a just one, should be cut in two, I
and the matter patched up. Not, how- ;
ever, without first giving other players to
understand that the next case will be the
last
The game to-day is between the Fresno j
"Tigers" and the San Jose "Lions." If
names go for anything, a tierce game may I
be expected. It is assured, however, that :
the Fresno boys intend retrieving lost
laurels, and as McOucken Is not throw- ;
ing any games away, the contest will un
doubtedly contain some good baseball.
The line-up is as follows:
Fresno. San Jose.
McCue Catcher Kent
Towney Pitcher Iberg
Held First base Hanlon
Barley Second base .. Grentnger i
Moore Third base Weed
Courtney Short stop Brackhoff
Ferguson Left field Hanley ,
Thomas Center field ...McGucken
Brltton Right field Haley
RACKET
WIELDERS
IN THE COURTS.
The easy victory of the Hardys in the
interclub doubles tournament last Mon
day at Alameda shows the great
width of the breach between the
first and second class players now
actively engaged In wielding the
racket. In doubles there are really but
two first-class teams, the Whltneys and
the Hardys. The Whitneys refuse to play
under the banners of the California Ten
nis Club, and this practically leaves the
Hardys the unchallenged masters of the
situation.
The interclub schedule has not been
half completed, owing to our rainy Sat
urdays. Two matches will be played to
day at Oakland. The match originally
scheduled for this afternoon will he be
tween Holmes and Bowen of Alameda and
the Hardys of Oakland. The second
match which should have been played a
week ago will be between R. Nicholson
and E. Stone and Weihe and Adams. This
should be a clone contest with the San
Francisco team the favorites.
A great deal of discussion Is being had
by the tennis players in regard to the
new rule passed by the National Lawn
Tennis Association in regard to foot
faults. The old rule was supposed to pre
vent all overstepping of the base line be
fore the ball was served, but owing to the
ambiguity In which the rule was ex
pressed a player could on a flying start
still have one foot back of the base line
and his moving body well on the way
toward the net at the moment of serving.
The new rule reads: "The server shajl
stand with both feet behind, i. c., farther
from the net than the base line." This
will cause a great deal of trouble to the
umpires, and the players who will have
to change their style of serving. It will
especially affect the beet players who
have a perfected style of serving.
Some very good matches were played
during the week. For the first time slnca
the last championship games at San Ra
fael, George Whitney played a set with
Sumner Hardy. It was a very close
match, and was either man's until the
last, when Whitney won out. The score
was 6—4.6 — 4. Sam Hardy beat Joe Daily, B—6.
Daily had five games to Hardy's two and
forty love, and the Oakland crack played
the ball of his life, sweeping everything
before him. Sumner Hardy and George
Whitney beat Bradshaw and Robert N.
Whitney 6—l. Sumner Hardy and Rob
ert N. Whitney beat Bradshaw and
George Whitney 6—4.6 — 4. Sumner Hardy and
Bradshaw beat the Whitneys £-6. Brad
snaw beat Root three straight seta.
CHAMPIONSHIP
REGATTA
AT EL CAMPO.
The attention of oarsmen and scullers Is
directed to the regatta to be held at El
Campo on June 26 and July 17. On the
first date the scullers will race and on
the second day the oarsmen. McAusland
has gone back to the Ariel Rowing Club,
and will wear Its colors at the regatta.
He will use a skiff specially built for him
by 11. B. Kennerson on the model of a
shell and much lighter than skiffs gene
rally are. His antagonist in the special
skiff race, A. W. Pape, is an excellent
swimmer, and, being fond of many forms
of outdoor excercise, neither a smoker
nor a drinker. Is always in good condition.
11. A. Wittkopf will represent the Ariels
In the shell race. If McAu.sland should
beat Pape at El Campo he may enter for
the shell race also.
The Ariels will hold their club regatta
on Sunday, June 12, when medals will be
offered for senior and junior scullers. The
senior skiff men ara Frank Wilson, Rob
ert Ellis and James Wilson. Frank Wil
son, the holder of the club senior sculls,
is taking daily exercise. The junior skiff
men are James O'Connell, C. McAullffe,
Archie Taylor, E. C. Stenberg, 11. A.
Pless and Andrew Carroll.
McAusland and 11. A. Wittkopf will
have a shell race on June 12. In the old
timers" race Flanders, Growney and
Stevenson will compete.
The senior barge crew of the Ariels is
mtule up thus: William Howe, stroke;
Robert Ellis, afterwalst: E. McKenna,
forward waist; and John Fickert, bow, in
place of Joseph Hanna, The German
crew goes out under Batteaux's coaching.
It has been very enthusiastic and in prac
tice has been running away from the
other two junior crews, which are made
np as follows: Crew 1-A. Carroll, stroke-
Dan O'Connell, afterwaist; H. Witeon
forward waist; and Albert Carroll bow'
Dan O'Connell having met with an acci
dent to his foot his place was taken last
Sunday by Thomas Shirley. Crew 2 con-
Mists of K. Lynch, stroke; "F. L.oth. after
waist; J. Horton, forwardwaist; E Me-
Donough, bow.
Rodger?, the boat-builder, has begun
work upon the new barge for the Arlels
and says that he may have it ready for
the barge races at El Campo on July 17
She is being constructed on the same
lines as the barge recently built for the
Alameda Boat Club.
E. M. Garnett of Harvard College visit
ed the boathouse of the South End Low
ing Club last Sunday, and coached the
junior crew, consisting of C. Jenkins
stroke; C. Crelghton, afterwaist; Emii
Blumlein, forwardwaist; and J Bogan
bow. The new junior crew will probably
consist of William Barry, stroke; E. Blum
lein. afterwaist; C. Crefghton or J. Bogan
forwardwaist; C. Jenkins or C. Scull v'
bow. The senior crew Is not yet formed'
but the "Midgets" may take" in a new
man and fill up their crew. The Inter
mediate, or Irish crew, consists of W
Duplissea. stroke; Tom Lynch after
waist; George Bates, forwardwaist; and
Tom Lynch, bow.
The Dolphin Boating Club will hold Its
regular monthly meeting on June 8 when
officers for the season will be elected
Captain Kennedy says that he does not
wish to take the office again, and It is
possible that either A. W. Pape or W O
Patch will be chosen. The Junior barire
crew of the Dolphin Club is made up as
follows: A. W. Pape. stroke; Victor Cae
lieri, afterwaist; T. J. Hopkins, forward
waist; and E. J. Bartman, bow.
Public Clock-.
Few great cities of America are adequately
provided with publlo clocks of such a size and
so prominent location as to Indicate the time
over wide metropolitan districts. But It
Is high time to check kidney and bladder
complaint manifested to the sufferer by In
activity of the organs affected. Hostetter's
Stomach Bitters remedies this as It does dys
pepsia, rheumatism, constipation, biliousness
and nervousness.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO CLASSIC STAKES!
Old IDogs I
Puppies !
SATURDAY, 1 P. NU SUNDAY 11 A. M.
Si OPIUM
The par* essential extract from the native drnjr. Cow
taint all i the valuable medicinal properties of Opiaq
. without <ts noxloun elements. a Ko ficxneea cf *tomacti|
BOTomUjn^nocoitlTenminohMdacbe^^^runclsta.
SPEEDY SPRINTING
PROMISED
BY THE HOUNDS.
The long tails are loping at both course
ing parks again to-day for all • sorts • 6?
money. These are the long tails' days.
Any one of them that is capable of nego
tiating his initial course Is deemed more
valuable than a ' Spanish warship. ' Per
haps because a greyhound that can win,'
one course is sometimes capable of doing
something further. The features of • the.
card at Ingleslde are a stake for the ills-.
tinguished flyers and an event for pup
pies. At Union Park the Sport- -will" be
furnished by sixty-four perforrirers in th«
all-age class. At both parks the outlook
Is of a sunset hue. The dog owners ar»
overlooking no opportunities. . : ■ .'.
Curtis has the necessary quota. at Union,
Park to-day, but it hardly looks to; be a,
Curtis stake. Lady Campbell has scarce-;,
ly been, running to stake form- for .som»
time. ■ " " ■-■.•.•••,•
The puppy stake at Ingleside this wf «1&
appears to be almost anybody's. race: Thai
quality' of the youngsters is excellent.. -
Dave Winders made a. strong bid : for*
Jimmy Anthony's pup Statesman last
week, but Jimmy wouldn't let- the young
ster go. He avers that before -the "Whltta
beggar quits running he will : win tl>«
whole Ingleside sward. '-' „ ' '■■.
All the old traditional stories of melt
and cracks must go. There were . fly*
Sundays in May and. one holiday. Kop
lawn ran three Sundays and the holiday,
winning one stake of $500, another or $200,
second at $60 and. fourth at $20: And th«
other two weeks she was resting.
, A 7 to 1 shot landed at Ingleside last,
week, and the talent stood agha's.t. It is
not infrequent that a short end. lands at
Ingleside. but two or three to one is usu
ally the extreme limit.
The running at Union Park to-day,
which should be of the hottest kind,
shows a trio of Merced. tlyers--Sunolite,
Johnny R and Mollle. All three are said
to have shown good work, but all three
are also up against hard game.
The drawing at Ingleside having been
changed to Friday night, the lateness of
the hour compels its appearance and tha'
tips in another column. •■ ;
The winners, at Union Park to-day look.,
to be Miller's Maid, Sylvanus, Move On,
Benlcia Boy, Eclipse, Forget, Lady
Campbell; Mercy May, Sarcastic, Black
Prince, Vanity Fair. Marcella, Black Pat
ti, Arapahoe, Laurelwood, Tod Sloan,
Johnny R, Minnie E, Rusty Gold. Port
Costa. Skyball, White Chief. Kilkenny
Girl, Theron, Magnet, Lord Byron, Lls-»
sak, Minneapolis, Sweet Lips, Little Dot
tie and Gleuwood. hgpflljJW .-' .'
FAST SWIMMERS
MEET AT SUTRO'S.
The following are the entries ■ for the
natatorial contests which will be held in
Sutro's Baths on Sunday:
50-yard dash between Companies F of Sacra
memo, A of Stockton and L) of Modesto — W.
C. Martin, H. Goslin. C. E. Redman, T. Max
tin, E. Kellogg. F. Gunter, Company F; F. Q.
Scanlan, G. Ki-Hogg. \V. Wells, C. M-angis, J.
Green, Company A; W. Stewart: R. Powell,
S. Silsby, T. Sternberijer, T. . Keinhart, \V. .
Toombs,- G. Ingle, T. Moxey, G. Tharp. W. .:. :
Stanley, W. T. Key, G. Carson, T. ■ Walker, '
11. Martin, R. Silraan, T. Smith, D. Boinard,
G. Marcher, F. Wilson, H. Brasher, F. Webb-,
E. Sperry, H. J,. Walther, Company D. .■■':■
75-yard dash between members of Battery
B, Heavy Aiti 11 try — F. A. Spetz, L. C. Moore,- '-.
A. L. Almuurtst, F. Colic, G. Decker. E. Don- . ;
alson, J. Pdey, A. Meyer, J. Schaefer, JJ
Cushlng, F. Truesdell, O. Dorria, W. F. Tur- . ' ' .
ii' r. W. K. Osgood, G. Johnson. ■ .'
Special 50-yard dash between Battery A of. ".
T'tah, Companies B ami C of Colorado, Com' '■'.
pany C, Thirteenth Battalion of Minnesota, and.. •
Companies X and 11, Kansas Volunteers — H. ■
Slater, G. Martine, EL Allen. Battery A,-.' '•
Utah; W. C. Bruce, W. Prick, G. Ward«n/ -
Thirteenth Battalion, Minnesota; D. Davidson,-- :
H. Hodwer, T. Arthur, Companies B and C,
Colorado; C. Chambers, J. A. Wakefteld, B;
Gille, Kansas Volunteers. ■'- •;.■'
100-yard dash between Companies B, A, B ••
and C, Tenth Regiment. Pennsylvania— C. .'.
Rehn, R. 8. M. ; Ed Boyle, W. Wilson, -Q."-- '
McCoombs, H. Sullivan, H. H. Miller, H. E.
Brain, Company B; Charles I^ubis, T. Genuy- ■
inc. J. Ridgeway, Company C; W. J. Devli-n,. ■ .
Company E; R. H. HcKlnnis, Charles Camp- '_
bell, R. Dewalt, IT. Holland, O. Gee, J. F. I
Bell, R. Barrett, Company A. . -.■. ■ '
120-yard da^h betrreefl < ompanles C, D, O, P"
and X, Twenty-third Infantry, United States-
Army— D. Williams, E. Johnson, band; t\
Newman, F. Smith, Company C; J. Werry, H.
Vairey, G. Wilder, Company G; E.' . "Wescot, -.
Company D; C. Saver, Company F; B. Camp, :
Company K. • • • ■"
150-yard fiash between Seventh Regiment,
Southern California Volunteers — J. Farmer, B-. '
D. Fields, W. Eades, R. Diceley. H. Franklin-,
Company I.; ('. Katon, I). Thompson. Joseph
Smith, E. Harper, Company A; G. Thurman,
R. W. Hickock, G. Ferguson, W. S. Cook. Com
pany E: B. M. McCennan, K. Zigler, C. Bower, ■
O. Charlton. Company D; W. Micher, P. D. '"-• ■ -.
Green. R. McMananan, A. J. Sontong, Com
pany I; 11. Moscrow. F. Blackstock, T. Wlldon,
F Orton, Company H.
150-yard dash lK>twrpn T'tah Cavalry Troop
A— 7. J. Clnuprh, C. V. Porter. G. Searle. J. W.
Esters, R. Hudgert. W T . Cannon. K. Worley. . .
120-yard dash, Montana Volunteer?— P. Nor
bey. t. Vnlkey, E. M. Ronolds. H. Owen, Coriv
pany C; St. Stevens, Company G; E. F. Har
rington, H. Chamblin. Company X; J. Smith, "-'
J. Casey, Company M: W. M. Seeman, L. S.
Warner, R. Peterson, G. Hatt. A. Force, Com- • . .
pany H; Ij. E. Harklns. Company B; E. D.
Shefdon, A. H. Hall, Company F; S. Curry, D.
McElliott. Company A; K. O'Brien. T, Dunn,
A. S. Fisk, H. H. Hawken, J. Goodmah, Com--'
pany 1^; A. Hyena, P. Burke. J. Kennedy, J.
Fitzpatrick, B. McKitrick. Company X; Ed .'
Lynn, J. B. Rltch. Company 1.
50-yard special for winners — California. Bat
ten' B, Heavy Artillery: Pennsylvania,- . ■
Twenty-third Infantry. I'nlted States Army;
Southern California; Utah Cavalry, Troop A;
Montana Volunteers. . .
According to the calculations .of a well.,
known scientist the maximum- life .of the :
pine tree is from GOO to 7i>o years: that of .'.-. .. '
the silver fir 425. larch 273, aspen- 210. birch \ ','-.
200. elder 145 and elm 130. ".
ADVERTISEMENTS.
CHICAGO, May 27,1898,;
LEAVITT <J BILL, 303 Larkin street,. San \
Francisco: Our actual sales of Crescent-
bicycles to this morning passed the total /
sales for year 1897. Public demand is oun
best recommendation. . . ■ .
WESTERN WHEEL WORKS. [
Price and Quality Tells!
The '98 Crescent
BICYCLES!
BETTER THAN EVER AND THE PRICIfI. . .
ONLY .. • :
$35 and $50.
BOTH LADIES' AND GENTLE- . ! i
MEINS WHEELS. FITTED WITH
DUNLOP CORRUGATED TIRES. .
Honest Cycles at Honest Prices.
LEAVITT & BILL, •
RETAIL AGENTS, .. :
303 Ijarlcin. St., S. in. . . . :■
SO San Pablo a/v©., Oakland,
• • '■■'■,
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them . .\ .
*or All Prices. :
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents. V
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are thoi
only sate and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call In and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.THOUGHT HE
WAS LONELY
Wanted pompany and So
'T Wrote Mrs. Williams.
NEVILL'S LETTERS WERE KEPT
; CHAKGEIJ WITH MISUSING THE
MAILS.
/. "Darling Elsie" and '•'From Your
•:•..' WiiliV" Only Serve to Spur
V .'■ ■:'. .; ; a Desire for Legal : -;';: : x :
',■■■ Revenge.
. The defendants in the case of Nqvllla
'; vs: \Villiam« et at. now. pending in the
', Malice Court, have commenced to back
; : Ure.; and a» :a: a r » ■suit there is a ease now
■•• before the l.'iai. ■■■•i; States courts of Wil
••■ llama .vs, Seii:i», and the. mining man is :
laboring under :Uig., rather ' embarrassing
-.- . charge Of; sending obscene; letters' through
. . the mails. ;••.•■ . . : ■ : .'-•;.: ,-. .-..-.
. .T)>i> mpiajnt. was sworn to by Mrs.
;. •• V ' H»ama y^st.vr Jayiand . within- two hours
..■ the (3.f feiid;aiH ■wa»: rustling up bail money
.•■to aVGiuVia:; prison. «11. There: are ; three
'. ..counts to: ■rnpluirit, each one based
;-• upon : ii; tier \. the . amorous \ mino-owncr
\ ■ had. wiriUVii, .-.; " Seat wa.> dated June 15,
.■ . IMC. ; ;U-; U- : waji; i^'tj^l :^^soa^tu ■■My dear Elsie
" ... Ann." aud m.i.s : -' ■'■■- "From \ our \\ il
. ...Jj " Tin- s- ...j ,1 Her Wa* 4ate<j June :»j.
-, ™ was adtin ■> t<> "bur Elsie/ and
.-; ;:wus>jsi;vd r ■Tr.-.fn Wiit." The third was
• .>. Mivy;. L -a; : "J.Vr-liu>{ hisle,- and . the >ig:-.;-;ig:
.;-; ( nature : . rea^,, .•■!:"!-.. in ; y v ur loving Wi11.".
■. -All. tho- .ailed in Jamestown,.
..':-.■ Tu<>lui to«l;Ty:; : and were addressea 'to
.-..,. Mm.. KLsju VVintiinis, Kc-mio. '•''•■/'".'
:.■ ■ It waj, iiot to tin- form; of address that
■■••■■• the CiimpUnuxirit '■■..!• it.d. however; a \\.
; .:." to^the.;bprn.oii;t.k; ■ '■■ the niis.^iyes which,
•• •;• -she siat^ in .hi-r • .j'iai;>t. arc not lit to .
,-: • : be miii.;i-"l*art >;i ■.thy; Pi.t.ui ill lh-. c ;i>. .
■■■ " Tho.ian^uaseii^hvoi^U'itiJi^id^fee^and.
-; .:,tne writing- la aome>?h;jit ..; .. -■■.'>•';■. but'
;•.■• arter^i-:eare.fui.:iveriis>ir-k riiit : >vJH-* _;ii)l
; ... crvdfromitfif-^rved^.fhirt \ ■ . :
■. ho wa*-l-o.riu.l>',: :: fin'd-hv--\v-;w sistiitigfut: tiiv '
•':•■ . '.company .of-the' fn.ir FrrViui wi.l^w/and-li'e'
. wished that . Ahie : Shpbld. ::; know- it: Si \h</
;V wrote ;inil i ini,i.in:r.fii:. ' Jr tl:i> wii.s.-a'yiedr •
. jiyn, but it may have '{akt?n. : th«? .lady that
..-. ;.' leu £to decipfH-r : the. dbeynient^: ■■Any- way, ■
•;'. -. t!;e thi.nks--the\- f y.ri' aciivi^'iMi/.'i'and' she Ii : .
': .; ■■■■^oiny t',) -syc* •.; if . tii.e.;cu,ur:t : Wiii t;ike ihii .
'.-,■. ; >ame yiow-.'.^; ;; ":':-i' i ; : '^' ./;: ... ■" ;■■';■ ■'■ '■■''.■ ■ ':'■■■'• ''
:■'; •■■■ NeviiU';^aßyaTr^Bto-.ib>v.l>epatyVßiars!hal'
" [ iihaiittVyes^rday-'niornißsiiv: the Palace
'• ;■ 'Hotel. He was- s-ui-prfsedi, .'and; asked : r">>r
'. ■'.:.■-■ tnpla4juit. li AViis. read : to hi;m. Anh;
■'. ■"■vhile It madie matters a iiU clfta\rer,l It
. . .-i.fought imi iittle;:sa : tisfaetiori.::\His ; .hunt
•.;. for bon'd|^.&.h : ;'rfesu.U.«;d.vl''t/t&i6 : .fl-dilihg of.
■'. -. Henry.' WadjiWorth; ; a. ank cashipfi and'
.'. Thomas B. ■ Pheby . a mini-jig man, -tooth, of
.. •. Av'horh qualiffed--.for;.slWi)i ■'. The -prisoner'
.-•'. ; _fa:id the ■ . : -:::.;-. wer:e-/broUg,ht ; before
;.';.' r -C\'immisslonei:!.H.ea.icock^.'&?jd' N.;-vIUs was.
'•; • Jet. K<«. : " He will :be examined by the Go'bTt
. n;issloner.p.n ruing uf: June. 18: •' >. ' V ■
'•: .- '.ln the ■ .■•.intinie, the case, of Xevilis vs.
. •• "' - \V i 1 liams e( : alv ha* been: put, over: nn»ii '
• .. •Ji.ine.i.i, oh accquntiol! the illness' of Judge
. .•.■.'•.Juai'himsen;.' \) '&.-:'.: ! -s i -o •}■'■•'.:*. J •'■•'. : . ; ' ■■"■■■
\. ' :; The letters which mean more troubiefor
. ' ' '"Xt'vills- are. three of . a number he wrote
•.to. the fair ■.•.:■'. when : he: th.oiig.ht' there
..: ;w.:istjo one -else, in ■'■'■■■ world* 'aod". they
. .; are. •.n'aturany,^'J6t(&reairn_g.'-:''He.;'ijjyd.'-hi'gh :
. , ;. for them once when he thought he wa«
. eotttng them .all bpic:k,'. hut '.- he. -found : tnd :
■ l.'ul.v; had livid, back- a: : few of the njore
Yfupiye, and was wllltn^ to- .part with
™ \emonly for ja- consjdera.ti6jiv; She- flgl
*'i".urfed they yi'ere worth J2$;000, -and- she had
.. ■;">.. rw?-'hesitatiQii In asking: that' .sum. 'Kevin's '
. '. : ':pntcf. . J2.7M on account,, and then • decided
•'.: that; he would have to fight the case, any '
.. • way, and he might as well Use his money
• .."••in prosecutions as In keeping people' quiet, •
• - so he had "Darling Elsie,"'- her sister (Mrs.
• :" Grace Loose) and his former superinterid
• • ; .en* (M. H. Azhderian, with whom '■ he
'charges his late inamorata was in league),
haled to court on a charge of blackmail.
' But now Elsie has -found three' more let
ters with which to try her legal 'luck, and
she does not intend to miss .the. chance.
■ • ■ rrr^ . =■;''
STREAMS WILL BE
STOCKED THIS MONTH.
';■■': Anglers who . have returned from the
;-McCloud River are very, profuse in their
"vpralecs of the "fly fishing they enjoyed
:. JuniiK the past few week?. Several
: -./trout of one. and two pounds weight have
•.-■■lH>en" taken by .fly-cant ■ Among, the
.';, *uream - whippe.rs who had marked
■;■ .Vuccos-ii we're' W. D. Cooper, Alexander
•°.:Vofirelsangr, -. Walter Damon Mansfield,
•V'Jolm Gallagher,' A. I Hand and W. Scott.
■■;•■ M.iv. Cooper: tight a beautiful . Dolly.
.";.. Vanittn-.trmijt '<3n- tin- <lay at his departure
from jheitVilVl^a nil i dashing -wa-ters of the
• •.;:. MiVUHiii;. ■.<vin<Ui -vviis ''huge_ly enjoyed by
■■.;• ins ■ ; iHiils '..;jml- rciiinoi'ssettrs on his re
..■'. tirirp", ?'<•'■ • : :ctty: : '■'t-he. Polly, although
• j'''sj>ts«;i' 'by- '. ff^ipures, " is, j nevertheless, a.
jp^'niUfJ tJiWc <lsh. • ■;.;. ;■ '. .:■ '■•; ■ '
• . •■. •';. A hglertt' ¥s! . J>«. ; pleased . to learn, that the
;' Paper .'Mill i. Creel? will:, lie' stocked ini-s
".'. 'month" . >viMi *.-v.-r.;;i. thousand fry erf the"
•■' ru'tthroat fMy":lifss)"and rajnbow trout, it.
; :is the ihterttton .of. ■. The; ■ Commissioners,:
:"; with the ' assi. stance: oi the North Pacific
; oast Ra iiroiiii;;-. which. «ohipani. ; will .fur
::nifh transvvvftiiti.on. at Fairfax) to stock.
•.'.the heaxlwavt< ; raV&f. : :'tbe -liiUguniras : near
■ "'•■ f.ibort y's. ■- jTh : t«j is a:".moye to. the right di
• ixcfi-Ou, whtcji av-UI .us-suredly' result : in 1
'I llattcrinß :si-w-c< .. : it joy . .t:o .\the'. angling"
■'•.■!r;itorpity.f>.Ct;ifis^JtiV, ; :: -'. : ' ''::■■•'..," ; ■" •
>' •• The lA}.v.h-;l.x\ : \-h tfoin-. ;of which- variety
* the" Comfmi-.vf-'i<»ii!-rH"':h:V:v< -li'.'.'.w (in hand a"
'■.■"'.good supßl>iylt^-ft'.g.tf'ii^'.'i.J*R, 1 -'."'-"ln'-:-eol<)r it 'is
■ ptT.ertiHy. gTayiKl; ■■.of. . K^-fe'rilsh .^lprig :the
'• ta< i. .hut = j|^fitVr.;-«m.-..'-'Si'jl« : s -bPlly;.
; \ round bla^k.*] .i-;..--.-'.vp'p.«-;r half off
-'•.•body markexi- h rnili-Vcriju's'.x-shlabigd or.'
1 • "even roumle".d"bla'cli ; si>H-t-S";: 'Uirs;ir 'nii'.gray
•" v.it'h nujn«.r;6Us.' b}ac*, whlte-6<lged spots,
• !:but' ■ ; :it..:ir.v wlil.t'- -. ; tip On .;:h:.-The'
; yciur.s lr.i-vv :t.lie i'MrinarksMk-- hi';s« truvi?,
.iind iil^'o; ibraviil . : r • <-i < : : V lt .spo.ts, ''whieh.'diE-'
'•' appear as they. t..-o\\ ol'iV. .The'.LQiih- .Leveri.
. '-will thrtVc.jje.tter.lti Jakes?^thanfjnslrfea.ms:
:: lt .is- highlS«efteeiln^e;dyby., ; fl.s.h."t'a.t;.er3 :be;-.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
tA M A AMONG MEN !
f With Strong Nerves, . Clear Brain and Vigorous
■ Physical Strength.
f >^^^^, SUCH YOU CAN BE!
I 4^ "•'^^^E^^ I *^^ .'What- has been done can be
■ .^Pr^M^^y done.- It is wrong to assert that
' °' - 'fcl^v .\; '•'■' 'Wj_. ' 7 -- '■/\j_ u .r£f&f : strength once lost cannot be re-
f • '■ fy^l&d&mwr ' : - stored- It has been done. Dr.
■: i 'V^HR^-:i: T*.^- ~- i jWlfflP^' v. Sandeh's Electric Belt has re-
•• I l:-. r :':''■■■■:&s&: ' : ' '■■■■:&$& ,"*-'' WwT^- ' ' ■■'■ • stored vigor to marry thousands
: -? •' ■iwfK.^' v " I<^^^^- : '••• : 'of men who had almost given up
'"• £ ■"' «Pl hP^^***^**^ •*' '- vmSK ; ' : - ; ■ ' hope. It haH been done, and it
■'•' ' 1^ ■ J^jS^^g^g^^' can be. done. It is being done
:+■ '.-. : ' ■. . ;;# lr l? a^ 1 •■■'. *<-«^*'.: ■ftJ* : every day.
-T Jv Read tfie Book, "Three Classes of Men."
¥ •'• li ; Svutih .to* any mnn who is- not what he ought to be. It
1 Vjfi-.be- ■&^i>i <i^Hiay sealed, free ui)6n application. Call and examine this.
I fielt'i'f possible. ' Call or : address jTV . "■' .
.■T SANI>EN ELECTRIC CO. * IMPORTANT NOTICE *
•f ' 702 M*fk<tßt)re?t,. Corner Geary, Bin FraacUeo. }- V.:--.'--lv '■■■'. ■>.-'■■.■'.■
i. ' <» ; HcV)ivWi-*4s-u; rn:- to ; 8 p. m..; Sundays, 10 : ... , Dr.' Randen's offlcea
JP ttj l.S.nraHGhes it AneeVes.Cal. 204V4- -th ;v are now at 702 Market
. Y lirohiiway :l'onlao<3. Qr,. : 24 WfLsmngton «t.; - ■»»«-♦■• onrr er Geary
» .n«i^ef- ; colo,:. : • 9.51 Sixteenth st.; Pallas. Tex.. street, corner Oeary. |
■ ¥ -,M6 Ma^h-Bt;. • ;; : ;. . • ;"!.■■■ •;:;:;:■: ■ .. * ; .... . g _.." — ~~~ ~~ r ~*/'
a _ : ' ;■:■;■ .n '■ ■ * •■ ■'• +*' ■"■;" ■; ■ m M » ':m ■
-. s;■ ssV^^'/> v ■'• ;j_ "'. /^  " . • ■•'• t : -.. ■.:
cause of the red color of Us flesh and a
peculiar delicacy of flavor.
The Commissioners have stocked the
streams of the Yosemite with several
thousand fry of the Brown or Yon Behr
trout and ft is expected that a few
years hence those game fishes will give a
good account of themselves. The Brown
trout, as a lighter, Is as game as the
Rainbow, and frequently it will attack
other fishes In Its attempts to hold po»-
Bession of a stream, but no anxiety need
be felt for the Rainbow because it is a
fish that is fearless and will not tolerate
an insult from an invader.
Tin- Dewey fly is the very latest thing
in -fishing tackle. John Benn Is the in-
I ventor. The fly is dressed this way: Tip
silver, tag red; tail red, white and blue;
body blue and red. ribbed with silver
cord; hackle, red, white and blue; wings,
white swan and scarlet ibis.
Although lly-fishing on the Truckee
river la yet below par, so to speak, still
anglers who reside near this beautiful
stream anticipate having pood sport in
the latter part of the month.
Latest intelligence from Dormer is to
the effect that fiy-fishing is now first
class, and many fine fishes are taken
daily by those who understand the art of
easting. Among the gentlemen who are
enjoying the sport are ex-Pish Commis
sioner Btnerte and John Elliott.
Messrs. 11. «'. Campbell, Don Y. Camp
b.-l) and John O. Cadman have just re
turned from a fishing trip to the Geysers,
They report trout fishing on the Big
Sulphur as unusually good this year, the
average catch being ovor 100 each for the
day.
THE STATE LIVE
BIRD TOURNAMENT
FOUR INTERESTING EVENTS AT
: . THE OLYMPIC GROUND.
Haight and Kibby Carried Off the
Honors as Well as the Money
on the Most Kills of the Day.
The State live bird tournament, held
under the auspices of the Olympic Gun
Club, began yesterday, at the grounds at
Ingleside and will continue to-day and to
morrow. The attendance was pood and
included several shotgun sharps from the
interior parts of the' State. Among these
were . ; Inglesoee and Kibby of -Merced,
V. iu;l::n, and I>ig'hton from near Los
Angeles. Merrill of Stockton and Fox and
.Rice i from- -yjsaHa. ..;■ ; .~': '..;
-The day was perfect; In fact, too per
fect, there not being- enough wind to give
the :iiir«is sufficient start to give snap to
the Occasion. The. birds, taken as a whole.
.•!•.■ fair, ■ but nothing to brag about.
The shooters began banging away at the
live targets as early as 9 o'clock In the
li-.'-rniiiji, and.it -was 5 ! clock before the
\lajst'slio<; "V:ts llred. . .'.'■
■ ■ There' 'a -re four events on : the first
a^y's i*■ r.imme. ■ The first was a six
btrd : race. $2 50 entrance, $10 added. In
this, as in all of the others, the high guns
took -trie '■'. nione.y. Merrill, Jackson,
.-Vnughan,- Lejghton, Kibby. Haight and
11, G;.-Golchei\ divided the money of
$f>37 50; . .The scores were as follows:
• V.b: -Feudn-er, 4: •F, Merrill, 6: Rice 4; Ingles
•b»,'e;"..3; .R'o«i, 3; : N-auman, 5; Fox, 6; Jackson,
Gv t&h&ll, 6; Verizon, 5; Sears, 4; Lelghton,
>',; -Sla.U'', ■s;UUrnett, 5; Kibby. 6; Haight, 6;
. H|. i". Golc'her, 6; Green, 5; Maskey. 5.
The second, event was a ten-bird match,
§ entrance; $lo added. ' Feudner, Maskey,
eJTili, tnglesbee and Wales killed all of
.their -birds 1 and. divided the money, $115.
The .sco were: ,'- " • . -\ ;
' ! Feudne'r; 10; .Nauman, 9; Haight, 9; Maskey,
W.- Slade; 9; Jones, 9; Merrill, 10; Sears, »;
• Fox, wltihdravraj Jackson, . 9; Inglesbee, 10;
:ltof>a';: 6; Rice. Withdrawn; Kibby, withdrawn;
Green, withdrawn; Vaughan, withdrawn;
lieightpn.- ' withdrawn; Gplcher, withdrawn.
Wales. 10,; Burnett. 9, ; :
The third, called -the California smoke
lthss'po'wdcir race, -was one of the most in
teresting- of the" day. : It was on twelve
taitas,- $.7 50- entrance, $25 added. The
phirse of $152 was divided among Haight,
Rice', Maskey and Kibby, who killed
their ■ twelve birds straight,* as the an
nexed- records show :
HalKht,.'i2: Ff-udn^r. withdrawn; Nauman. lo;
Blade, withdrawn; Jones, withdrawn; Sears, 11;
Merrill. 11; . Rice. 12;. F0x. 10: Maskey. 12: Rosa.
8; yiiugha'n. ll;Oolcher, 9; Burnett, 11; Ingles
be*,-. 10; Wales,- wlttjdr.awn; Klbbey, 12.
The last was a "miss and out" race,
'$2 50, $10 added: .There were thirteen en
tries, but the game uuickly narrowed
down to about seven or eight of the best
Phots, who ' agreed to increase the dis
tance to .32 yards, ■ In order to make the
candltions more difficult: Even at this it
looked as. if the match would last all
night but on the eighth bird Nauman
broke and he was followed by Inglisbee
and Vaughan. This left Haight. Feud
ner, Burnett and Kibby, who decided to
divide the money and save time, birds
and ammunition. Each of the winners got
14250. During the day Haight and Kibby
only lost one bird each. The scores in
this event were as follows:
Faudner, 9; Nauman, 8; Merrill, 0; Rice. 0;
Haight, 9; Kibby, 9; Golcher, 5; Inglesbee, 8;
Fox, 6; Jones, 5; Vaughan, 8; Sears, 1; Bur
nett, 9.
WITH THE FIGHTERS.
Interesting Boxing Bouts to Be
Pulled Off in the Near Future.
Tt is likely that the National Club will
match Young Peter Jackson, the hard
hitting welter-weight, who has ' been
looming up of late, and some other shifty
fighter in that class as a preliminary "go"
oh the evening of the McConnell-Mc-
Keever match.
L!i!ly Otts. the clever and stiff-punching
lightweight of the Excelsior Athletic
Club who earned a decision over Gran
of the Frisco Athletic Club some
weeks ago, will light Jack Ennis of the
r club eight rounds for a decision
re the Jefferson Athletic Club on
Tuesday evening next. The bout should
be extremely interesting, as Ennis will
try to win back the laurels lost by Gran
field. The latter's friends claimed that
he was done out of a decision, and since
then there has been bitter rivalry be
tween both organisations.
The San Francisco Athletic Club will
hold a feather-weight tournament in their
club rooms, 317 Sixth street, on Thursday
evening next. Great dissatisfaction arose
\-. r the outcome of the recent tourna
■ ment and many remarks of "I wish I had
■ hern in it" has prompted the directors to
give another such entertainment as the
last. There will be several new entries,
and all are fast. The entries include.
Charles Preese, W. Dirks, John Dean, M.
Davis, fi. Jackson, John Kane, Jami-s
Higgins, George Savage and \V. Quinn.
Bach winner of a bout will receive a
handsome go|d medal. These winners
i will then compete for the final medal,
\vhi<-h will contain a diamond and be
jryalued at $7R.
Coal Dealers' Trials.
Thin trial of the criminal charges
againsi several hundred members of the
Goal Dealers' Association was postponed
•p-y Judge. de Haven yesterday for two
weeks with the consent of the United
Sftates Attorney.
THE SAIST FRAISTCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 4, IS9B.
THE CHINESE
MAY BREAK IN
Exclusion Act to Be Sys
tematically Attacked.
AN APPEAL TO WASHINGTON
ALLEGED TO CONFLICT WITH
THE TKEATY.
Sitxy-One Merchants Who Have Been
Refused a Landing TaKe the
Matter to the Secretary
of the Treasury.
The apparent conflict between the ex
clusion act of 1884 and the treaty made
In 1N94 between this country and China is
In a fair way of being settled within a
short time, an appeal based on that Issue
having been perfected and mailed to the
Secretary of the Treasury yesterday. The
decision of the Secretary on the matter
Will be fraught with great Importance to
the people of the Facirto Coast, who will
be more directly and injuriously affected
than the people of any other portion.
It Is believed that there la merit In the
appeal, that the decision will be In favor
of the petitioners and that the door will
be thrown wide open for the unrestricted
entrance of hordes of coolies under the
guise of merchants and traders. It is the
rule where two laws on the same subject
come in conflict to decide that the latter
law, if valid at all, supersedes the older
or such portions of the older as may con
fiiot with tho younger law.
The act of Congress of 1884 provides
that the certificates of admission on
which merchants or traders may be en
titled to enter this country shall state
the nature, character and estimated
value of the business of the applicant.
The treaty which was ratified and which
went into effect ten years aiter the going
into effect of the act of Congress ot ISS4
simply provides that the applicant shall
have "a certificate" with his name, de-
Bcription, age, etc., and the statement
that he is a merchant or trader. This
certificate must be signed by the Regis
trar General or Taotai, and vised by the
American Consul at the port of depart
ure.
The Treasury Department, of its own
motion, for the purpose of tnrowing the
proper safeguards against the entry of
OOOly labor Irom China, has added to the
requirements of the treaty the additional
requirement mentioned in tho act of ISS4.
It is contended by the Chinese applicants
that the Treasury Department has no
power, right or authority to amend the
treaty, •
Sixty-one Chinese who arrived on the
China and the Doric recently presented to
the Collector Canton certificates signed
by the Taotai and properly vised by the
American Consul at Canton, certifying
that they were merchants. The require
ments of the treaty were carried out In
every particular, but the requirement of
the act of ISM that the nature, character
and estimated value of the applicant's
j business should be stated was not cum
! plied with.
(.'..Hector Jackson, under the instruc
tions previously received from the Treas
ury Department, refused to allow the 01
merchants to land, on the ground that
the certificates did not comply with the
requirements of the statute of 18M. The
only authority to which an appeal ran
be made In case of the refusal of the Col
lector to allow Immigrants to land is the
Secretary of the Treasury, and from his
decision there can be no appeal.
The n applicants have made that ap
peal, and a decision i:< expected at an
early .lay. The Collector beUevw that
the appeal will be successful and that the
treaty will be held to have superseded
all laws and parts of laws in conflict
with It.
CUT RATES TO APPLY
BY WAY OF OGDEN
RIO GRANDE AND UNION PA
CIFIC GAIN THEIR POINT.
Southern Pacific Will Sell Second-
Class Tickets on the Rebate
Plan After June 0.
The Southern Pacific Company yester
day definitely announced that the same
reduction* in second-class rates via Mo
jave. El Paso and New Orleans which are
to go into effect on Sunday, June 3 will
also apply via Ogden on Wednesday,' June
9. They give as a reason for not putting
the rates in effect on the earlier date be
cause the Interstate Commerce Commis
sioners must receive three days' notice
When rates are reduced, and a* there are
Other minor details to be attended to,
therefore the rates via Ogden will appiv
..ii the 9th. This is the culmination of
extraordinary efforts on tHe part of the
I Oion Pacific and the Rio Grande ana
Western to persuade the Southern Pacific
to i.ill in line with the reductions first put
into effeot .some months ago by the Can-i
dian PadflQ and followed later by the
Oregon Railway and Navigation Com
pany, the Northern Pacific and the Great
Northern, who honk their passengers via
Portland. The Southern Pacific; Company
was slow to yield to the demand* of the
lines out of Ogden, but it has finally con
sented, and the result will be that the
major part of the second-class travel will
take the more direct route via Ogden at
the reduced rates. Tickets will be sold
ut present rates on the rebate plan- Kan
sas City $4v, rebate $8; Boston $67 80 re
bate (25 25; New York, JOB HO, rebate $23 95-
St. L,o\iis $47 60, rebate $10 50; Chicago
|53 SO, rebate $20.
It is generally believed that the South
ern Pacific Company decided to put the
rates in effect via Ogden only after it
was agreed by the other lines to allow the
division demanded by the Southern Pacific
Company as Its share of the haul to Og
dtii. <»n points east of the Missouri River
the local company will receive $11 80 and
to tin- Missouri River it will get the
regular id per cent of the rate.
For instance, the rate to Kansas City
is $:u. and the Southern Pacific Company
receiving 46 per cent wll make its division
$14 »;. This will leave but $16 74 to divide
between the lines out of Ogden and their
connections.
The Rio Grande brought all of Its per
suasive {lowers to bear, and the Union
Pacific kept the wires hot in an endeavor
to induce the Southern Pacific Company
to recede from a position which it was
claimed was an unjust one; but the local
officials were inexorable, and the South
ern Pacific, being the initial line, had the
advantage, and the rates went into effect
only after Its demands had been complied
with in every particular. As one dis
gruntled official expressed it, "they have
entered into a con/Act with their friendly
Eastern connections."
COMPENSATORY DAMAGES ONLY
California Navigation and Improve
ment Company Gets a New Trial.
The difference between compensatory
mid. rxomplary damages was a question
which wa* settled by the Supreme Court
in a decision handed In yesterday. The
case in which the court made itself clear
for the guidance of trial courts in the
future was that of Charles Trabing, a
minor, who sued through his mother, as
guardian, the California Navigation and
Improvement Company for $5000 damages
received by him from the captain of the
Mary Garratt, who placed him in irons,
with his arms around a stanchion, during
the voyage of that boat from Benicia to
Anttoch, for a period of three hours. The
cause which led up to this treatment was
that the captain accused the boy of not
paying his 50 cents for a passage from
Benicia to Stockton. The boy claimed that
he had paid his fare, and on the trial he
offered evidence In support of this claim,
which the jury evidently gave credence
to, a« it* awarded him $2500 damages.
From this verdict the Navigation Com
pany asked for a new trial, which the
lower court refused to grant and from
which an appea.l was taken. The Supreme
Court, in reversing the action of the trial
court and granting the defendant a new
trial, did so on the fine point of what con
stitutes "compensatory" from "exem-
plary" damages.
After a general review of the case, the
court quotes a portion of the Judge's
charge and also a portion of that asked
by the defendant's attorney, but which
was refused by the trial court. That por
tion of the Judge's charge which the
upper court comments on Is as follows:
"Then I charge you, your verdict will be
in favor of plaintiff for such damages as
under all the circumstances of the case
disclosed by the evidence appear to be
just, not exceeding the Bum of $5000, the
sum demanded in the complaint." To this
the defendant's attorney asked that the
following be also given to the jury, but
tho Judjre declined: "I charge you that
in cases of this kind the plaintiff can re
cover only the actual damages suffered
by him. unless the master authorized the
commission of the act complained of or
participated therein, or ratified it after its
commission."
For this refusal the Supreme Court re
versed the verdict and granted a new
trial, holding that compensatory damages
in a case of this kind should prevail In
stead of exemplary damages, as were
given by the jury.
The evidence in the case as quoted In
the decision showed that it was the cap
tain himself who placed the irons on the
boy's wrists and who ordered him ashore
at Antioch at 3 o'clock in the morning
without a cent In his pockets or a friend
to appeal to.
MAN AND CASHBOOK
DISAPPEARED
MANAGER FOR J. L. VERMEIL
& SON IN CUSTODY.
Found Living Under an Assumed
Name and Arrested on Three
Charges of Embezzlement.
Henry Blume. manager for J. Tj. Ver
meil &. Son, Union-square Market, was
arrested yesterday afternoon by C. J.
Duncan, of Morse's Detective Agency and
turned over to the police. He was booked
at the City Prison on three charges of
felony embezzlement, the complaints hav
ing been sworn to before Judge Conlan
yesterday. In the complaints L.urae is
charged with embezzling $114 50, $139 and
$190.
Blume refuped to say anything and the
firm was equally uncommunicative, but
Captain Callundan of Morse's Agency is
authority for the statement that these
amount! do not represent the full extent
of the defalcations.
A few days ago Klume left the office to
go home on the pretext that he was sfek.
He did not return, and as the enshbook
could not be found it was suspected that
something was wrong. The c?ise was put
in the hands of Morse's Agoncy. and
every effort was made to rind Hlume and
recover the missing cashbook. Yesterday
Blume was traced to the Baldwin Hotel.
where he had been living under the name
of T. B. Wells. The cashbOOk has not
been found, and Blume refuses to say that
he knows anything about it. It is sup
posed that he has destroyed It to covtr
up his defalcations.
INGLESIDE DRAWINGS.
Promise of Some Good Racing This
Afternoon;
The entries for the Ingleslde coursing
show a fine lot of dogs and there Is prom
ise of some very good racing. The draw
ings are as follows:
Puppy stake— O. H. Burfelnd's Royal Prize
vs. J. McHurJi's Matchless; T. J. Tlernay's
Peter M, vs. G. Reddy's Hernlce; J. Quane's
Marietta vs. J. Quane's Thud Stevens; D. B.
Small.-y's Royal White vs. O. H. Heap's Oba
dlah: Dillon & Reilly's Dauntless vs. J. Har
ker's Buckstone: Larkey and Rock* Minerva
vs. Kay & Trant's Klllarney Lash; Dillon &
Rellly's Sunburst vs. Grant & Sand's Flora
Bell; Lowe & Thompson's Phoebe vs. John
Kazan's Mayflower; Lynch & Maher's Lottie
M. vs. Larkey * Rock's Liberty Bell; Mis
sion Kennel's Bcarfpln vs. John Euan's Billy
Gladstone.
Probable winners— Royal Prize, Bernlce, Ma
rietta, Obadlah, Dauntless. Minerva, Sun
burst. Mayflower. Lottie M., Hilly Gladstone.
• All-.'tm.' stake— D. Roche's Pacific Queen vs.
D. Ford's I'.onita: J. M. Sears' . Beauty vs. D.
Smart's Sllkwood; Larkey & Rock's Myrtle
va. M. J. .Kerrigan's Lady Blanche; ■ Kay &
Trant's Sylvia vs. J. Shea's Firenzi; J. s'hee
han's LaBS o' Oowrle vs. J. Sheehan's Lady
Jane; Connell Bros. 1 Log Boy vs. P. O'Don
nell's Counterfeit; Kay & Trant's Diana vs.
Deckleman & Punarlo's Olen Chloe; W. Flynn's
San Mateo vs. D. D. Roche's Gold Dust;' Deck
leman & Panarlo'a Hi.] Glory vs. D. Dalsa"
Burllnßton; Lowe & Thomson's Prince Hal
vs. Kay & Trant's Lenora; ,1. CtafTnoy's sir
John Arnott vs. D. Shannon's Swlnnerton;
W. Halpln's Nelly Conroy vs. P. Alma's Dairy
Maid; J. Murnane's Valley Maid vs. Deckle
man & Panarlo's Glen Roy: I). Carney's The
Gossoon vs. M. Mlckallk's Fireball; J." Dean's
Moondyne vs. D. Shannon's Sprig o' the Hill;
Lowe & Thompson's High Born Lady vs j
M. Sears' Hot Stuff.
Probable winners— Bonlta, Beauty, Myrtle
Firf-r.zi, Lady Jane, Log Boy. Diana, Gold
Dust, Old Glory, Leonora, Swlnnerton Nellie
Conroy, Glen Roy, Fireball, Moondyne, Hot
Stuff.
Prizes In puppy stake are $."0, $30, $20 two
$12 SO, five $5. All-age stake— sl6o, $SO. two $50
four $20, eight $7 50. ~ . '
Warships
Are larger than the Uklah, but they will
not accommodate as many people. Be
sides, you can't ride around on them for
25 cents. That's the round trip rate to
El Campo, admits you to the grounds,
where you can hobnob with all the swell
people of San Francisco and have a quiet
Sunday without drawing on your bank
account.
. ♦ . .
Mails for Honolulu.
The following circular was Issued "by
Postmaster Montague yesterday. It Is
believed that the steamer referred to is
one of the vessels of the military expedi
tion to Manila:
PAN FRANCISCO, June 8. I*9B.
■ This office Is in receipt of Information that '
a steamer will leave San Fra.nH.sp. . for Hono- !
lulu probably on Saturday, the 4th Inst. ; per
1 haps not until Sunday. She will take United
. States mnllß to Honolulu. All persons desiring
! to take advantage of this opportunity to fend
■ mulls to the Hawaiian Islands should deposit i
; their letters at Station D, for.t of Market
! street, at the earliest hour possible as the
I exact time for departure of steamer Is not
| known.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
THE ALASKA EXPLORAtToF CGL,
(UNDER THE MANAGEMENT OF H. LIEBES & CO.), f
35 Years in the Alaska Trade.
THE ELEGANT STEEL STEAMSHIP
Rating Al— loo Lloyds,
Will Sail From Howard f .
Wharf No. 2 *
JUNE 11, 18Q8,
DIRECT TO—
ST. MICHAEL,
Connecting With Our River Fleet,
LINDA, ARNOLD, LEON; HERMAN. CUB, BEAR, FOX,
LYNX, SEAL, OTTER, MINK, :
DAWsSn CITY
DAWSON CITY
AND POINTS ON YUKON RIVER.
Our boats are the most powerful now in Alaska and ready for prompt dis- ;
patch. \ ..;.-■-■-■*. : . ■•• ■ ... ... .' ■ . ■";■•.■ -■■ ■ ;:*>:■■•:
' No delays. . Quick connections. No towing from San £ Francisco. Beat ,
service en route. Comfortable ; quarters. 7> Courteous treatment. t; ; ;
Owning our own wharves, lighters, towboat, warehouses and hotel at St. .
Michael. - --■ . . ;; ' '"^^^^^^^^^^^^^mM^^^^^^^&^^^^^^Mii
Merchandise orders or letters, of credit on our various stations on the Yu- ■{
kon River. No fee charged to passengers.
For Passenger and Freight Rates Apply to
GENERAL TICKET AND FREIGHT OFFICE,
UEBEB BUILDINQ. 139 POST STREET. ;v; v
DETERMINED TO
RULE OR RUIN
San Jose School Board
Defies the Public.
WANTS NO INTERFERENCE
WILL OF THE STUDENTS TO BE
CRUSHED.
Nevertheless the Trustees Probably
Will Bestore Professor Smith
to His Former
Position.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SAN JOSE, June 3.— School Trustees
Kenyon, O'Brien, Graham and Lang
ford held a star chamber meeting this
morning in City Superintendent Rus
sell's office to consider the High School
difficulty. Principal Shumate and Pro
fessor Smith of the High School were
summoned before the body, and it is
said they and Superintendent Russell
were given some instructions and ad
vice, with the imperative command to
obey orders. The board decided to
take things into its own hands, regard
less of public opinion, and it was the
consensus of opinion of four trustees
that Vanderbllt's famous saying, "The
public be damned," be adopted as the
motto of the board.
A resolution was Introduced and
adopted declaring that the board would
act independent of all forcea, and so
notified the public, the Grand Army,
the students of the Hlph School and
the faculty. Trustee Kenyon prepared
the resolution, but he refused to per
mit any outsider to see the paper. Ken
yon said its substance was this:
The board intends to do as it pleases
In the matter; it wants no interference
from outside persons, either public.
Grand Army or students; that discip
line must be maintained, and Principal
Shumate is Instructed to straighten af
fairs in the school.
Principal Shumate and Professor
Smith were given to understand that
they must do better. They were in
structed to notify the students that no
interference in the affairs of the board
would be tolerated.
At the High School to-day all was
excitement. When Professors Shu-
I mate and Smith returned they sum
moned two classes at a time and told
them of their interview with the board.
That they addressed only two classes
at a time the students claim was due
to a desire to avoid a possible conflict
with the student body. As it was,
Professor Shumate and one of the pu
pils had a wordy dispute. Professor
Smith asked the students to abandon
i all further movements in his behalf.
I Orders have been issued forbidding any
! meeting of the student body of the
I school.
It leaked out to-day that at a meet
ing yesterday the students by unan
imous vote decided to strike unless
Professor Smith was reinstated next
Tuesday night. It is said they de
clared they would never return to
school unless Smith was employed aa
teacher. The students were warned to
day against talking about the affair
outside of the school.
Trustee O'Brien said to-day some
thing was radically wrong with the
school, and that an investigation would
probably be held. He said a great
deal of jealousy existed among the
teachers, and this would be "nipped
in the bud." Professor Smith would
undoubtedly be put back, and no appli
cations-for his place had been consid
ered.
Trustee Kenyon expressed about the
same opinion. He said the board
was determined to have the High
School conducted properly. He did not
propose to have the student body dic
tate to the trustees, and e\'9ry mem
ber of the faculty would be discharged
if necessary to break the backbone of
the student body. The trustees want
ed to conduct the school in the best
way, but did not want outsiders to med
dle with their affairs.
On every hand the Grand Army is
being highly complimented for unmask
ing this gang of political tricksters.
The High School affair is being dis
cussed everywhere, and nearly every
one is taking Professor Smith's part.
Says He Was not Insane.
Samuel T?. Hayes, a destitute and suf
fering piano-mover, who was recently re
leased from the Uklah asylum, has peti
tioned the Board of Supervisors for as
sistance on account of an unjust Impris
onment In the Insane asylum. On Septem
ber 11 Holm< s came before Judge Belcher
and was ordered to be sent to Uklah. The
Finance Committee has reported favor
ably on his case and referred it to the
Mayor.
In the Divorce Courts.
Stella Paddock was granted a divorce
from her husband. Fred B. Paddock, yes
terday, on the ground of willful neg
lect.
ADVERTISEMENTS. j_V^ v '
AuTMil^ivirpoiNfs
BY
ALASKA COMMERCIAL CO'S
■ STEAMERS, ' . . ■■■■'. ' '■■■
THE PIONEER LINE, ;
ESTABLISHED ON THE RIVER 1869. • I*.
' SIX FAST AND COMMODIOUS RIVER STEAMERS NOW IN SKKVICE AND ON ' .
" vthe river; six new steamers building in addition and will be ready to run. when naviga- ' •.
tion opens. by our line are assured IMMEDIATE CONNECTION AT ST. MICHAEL • ' •.
Passengers by our line are assured IMMEDIATE OONNKCTIOX AT ST. >1 KHAKI,
and other advantages accruing from the fact of our having stations and warehouses at all • '"
important' points on the river, having facilities which, as the result of our 30 years' experi- „ .
ence in the country, far excel anything that can be offered by others. 11^3^-Ki
OUR RIVER FLEET WILL CONSIST OF THE FOLLOWING STEAMERS : • '. :
ALICE, HANNAH, SAIDIE, BELLA, . ..
SARAH, VICTORIA, MARGARET, SUSIE, . -
YUKON, LEAH, LOUISE, W. H. SEWARD.
They are specially adapted to the trade and fitted with every possible appliance and im- '. *:
provement for speed, safety, comfort and the peculiar conditions of the traffic, which our lons
connsction with' the business has given u» unequaled opportunities to cope with. '•.' .
OUR OCEAN FLEETWILL CONSIST OF : . . ;'
Steamer ST. PAUL— New Steel Steamer, 2300 tons.
Steamer PORTLAND, Steamer BERTHA, Steamer DORA " .
The last three vessels are favorably known to all who have traveled via St. Michael, and * ; .
the new St. Paul will be the finest and best appointed vessel on this run. ■ . '
Sailing Dates from San Francisco About June sth and at Short ,
Intervals Thereafter. ■ ■ •- : v"- .
The advantages we offer are immediate connection at St. Michael and our superior facili-
ties for handling the traffic. We can start up the river the moment navigation opens. : " '
OUR BOATS ARE THERE AND READY.
Letters of credit and certificates of deposit Issued payable at our stations .on the river. In
connection with AVKJ,( S, FiKGO & CO. we have established a parcel express service •
reaching all points on the river. The company also maintains stations and does a general
transportation and trading business at all points In Western and Southern Alaska, including : -
Copper River, Cooks Inlet, Turnapain Arm, etc., etc. . • ..
Steamer Dora, Sitka to Unalaska and way ports, leaving Sltka June 10, for all points la
South, Eastern and Western Alaska. "■■.■.■... •
For rates or further particulars apply to • . • .
ALASKA COMMERCIAL COMPANY,
310 Sansome Street,
SAN FRANCISCO. CAL. ' ' : . '
AMUSEMENTS. .
COLUMBIA THEATER.
ALL THIS AND NEXT WEEK. MATINEE
TO-DAY! TO-DAY!
John H. Martin Presents MR. CLAY
. .CLEMENT. .
—IN THE
-53^5V*NE\A/ DOMINION.
, ■ ADEQUATELY CAST > .
CAREFULLY_ STAGED
June 13, Opening of the Season— THE NEW
FRAWLEY COMPANY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 4 PERFORMANCES.
HOPKINS TRANS-OCEANIC STAR
SPECIALTY CO.,
Headed by Frank Gardner and his riding ba-
boon Jessie. Little Lulu, the great trapeze ar-
tist. OTHER BIG ACTS— IO.
Popular prices 15c, 25c and 50c. Matinee
To-day and Sunday. • ' .
MATINEE TO-DAY, SATURDAY, JUNE 4,
Parquet, any seat, 25c. Balcony 10a. Chil-
dren 10c, any part.
LEONIDAS, Dog and Cat Circus.
EZRA KENDALL. Humorist.
THE JOHNSONS, Xylophone Wonders.
LA MONT FAMILY, Europe's Acrobats.
AL LEACH AND THE THREE ROSEBUDS.
To-night, Last Appearance of
CARROLL JOHNSON, MANHATTAN COM-
EDY FOUR AND COLBY AND WAY.
alcazar" 6^^
A I Lj AAjA hC PHONE,
JT±i~4^*\- MAIN 254.
MATINEE TO-DAY AT 2.
To-night and To-morrow, • Sunday,
LEU/IS MORRISON
-In-
THE MASTER OF CEREMONIES !
PRICES— Up, 25c. 50c.
In Preparation— "A CELEBRATED CASE."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco, Sole Lessee and Manager.
: Evening Prices, 10c, 25c and 50c.
. Regular Matinees Saturday and Sunday.
Crowded Houses and Great Success of the :
Eastern Star,
GEORGE *». W/EBSTER,
In the "Magnificent Marine Drama,
THE BOTTOM OF THE SEA !
FOR THIS WEEK ONLY.
MORE FUN IN THE CITY !
AT THE CHUTES I
* EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING.
THAN AT ANY OTHER PLACE OF AMUSE-
MENT.
TOO MANY ATTRACTIONS TO MENTION!
GREAT SHOW IN THE FREE THEATER! I
SOLDIERS IN UNIFORM ALWAYS FREE!
10c to All, Including Zoo, etc.: Children. sc.
EL CAMPO, *
THE POPULAR BAY. RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the season. j
Music, ' Dancing. Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other amusements.
Refreshments at city : prices. Fare, round
trip, 25c; Children, 15c; Including admission
to grounds. ■ .-
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El. Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1, 3 and (p. m.
' *** •*& ** r ~ ***" *• ***• iß^k^^i *u&-
For the explorer, the surveyor, "i the hunter^
miner, the lumberman, the sportsman or tourist, .
Ripans Tabules are the one medicine that is con- • '
venient, always * ready, portable, protected from
■" accident of wind or wave, or climatic changes, -and :
in ninety-nine cases out of a hundred they fully ■
answer all requirements. Ripans Tabules will hot :-
cure a cut made with an axe or a gun shot wound;;
but in most cases the sufferer will be benefited by
swallowing one. ' .;.
AMUSEMENTS.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Kreling. Proprietor and Manager ' '
LAST NIGHTS. •';;•' -•"•'
The Musical Travesty, ': ■ .
"THE POSTER"
NEXT WEEK— The Patriotic Spectacle^ '•"
AN AMERICAN HERO.
Reappearance of
MISS LOUISE RO^VGE, •■:
The Favorite Artiste.
Popular Prices 250 and 60a '
• No Telephone. * ..
SUTRO BATHS. .
SUNDAY, JUNE 5, AT 2:30 P. M.
VOLUNTEERS' DAY ! :V:
>• SWIMMING RACES •
Bet-ween
U. S. A. Volunteer Corps.
, 5000 VOLUNTEERS '-.
Will march In a body from Camp Richmond to
, witness the . .
AQUATIC SPORTSI
ADMISSION CHILDREN sc, .
UNION COURSING PARK.
SATURDAY and SUNDAY, June 4 and 5.
64 ALL- AGE GREYHOUNDS !
Including most of the fastest dogs ' In
1 California. . -^ v ; ':
Grand Total Prizes $815.
CHANGE OF TIME. .:'::;;;."•.':
Train leaves Third and Townsend streets—
SATURDAY, 1 p. m.; SUNDAY. 11 a. m., 13
m., 1 p. m. and 2 p. m. Valencia street 5
minutes later. Returning, leave the Park im-
mediately after the last course, and Sunday,
4:45 p. m. also. San Mateo electric cars every
10 minutes.
HI VMPT A I Corner of Mtton and
UL, I iUfl A I Eddy Str..U.
More soul-inspiring war scenes, new life pic-
tures by the Blograph, Captain Slgsbee and '
Staff, United States and Spanish troops, bat-
tleships, torped- boats and thrilling Havana
scenes, and a strong olio of ten Great Special-
ties. Admission free.
BASEBALL-RECREATION PARK,
Eighth and Harrison sts.
PACIFIC COAST BASEBALL LEAGUE.
TO-DAY AT 3 P. M.,
SAN JOSE vs. FRESNO.
ADMISSION 25c. LADIES FREE.
RETAIL GROCERS' PROTECTIVE UNION.
1871-PICNIC-1898, -
SUNDAY. June 5..
SCHUETZEN PARK. NEAR SAN RAFAEIj.
GATE AND GAME PRIZES FOR ALL.
Tickets. Adults. 50c; Children. 25c.
Tmcnulti
friTIS I.VKII,.KNOW31 .VKII,.KNOW3 AND BKLIABLE OM»
I. .Sp«-lalistct<mrrlvate,NervouB,Ulood and Skin ■
Diseases of Men quiff, Manly Power restored. Over •
8) years' experience. Send for Book, free. Patients"
ciin-'lut Home. Terms reasonable. Hours. 9 to 3 .
dally ; 4:3o to4.So er*n. Holidays, lQtoli. Consulta- •
tion free and sucredly con fldentlaU Oil-or address
¥>. k«s«'oi: McSil/fT. M. I*.. -
; 26M Kearnr l"*lr«-^l. Kan I'ranclwo. C«l •
910
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
• /-. -. . : ■ SUMMARY.
.' •. '.Sijvfr continues to advance.
. • •■■ ■ Wheat. Barley nnd Oats firmer.
. • ■ Corn and Rye dull.
' '■".'■ Hay shows- more tone. Bran ditto.
Beans rather firmer.
■■-*.' Potatoes arrive heavily from Oregon.
Onions weaker.
.Butter easy. Eggs steady.
Poultry about the same.
• Fruit market well supplied.
. . Dried Frultß well cleaned up.
Provisions unchanged.
;. .Hides' firm.
No change in Meats.
' .Slight fluctuations in Rice.
: v ased Revenue collection*.
• •= Wool- rather steadier.
■ . CUSTOMS COLLECTIONS.
Customs collections in this district In May
were $595.790. against $320,300 for May, 1897, and
Cor the first live months of the year $2,510,936,
■p'««t (2,232,600 last year.
THE REVENUE.
Internal Revenue collections in this district
thiis far this year amount to $676,767, against
(1,090,643 for the fame time last year, and in
clude >2.">0,0o0 for Beer, $321,624 for Spirits and
$t>s,3So for Cigars, and Tobacco.
EXPORTS OF SALMON.
Exports of Salmon from this port by sea In
May were 12,180 eases, 688 barrels and 108 half
barrels, making total exports for the first ten
months of the fiscal year of 765,460 cases, 10,
3 SB barrels and 2966 half barrels.
EXPORTS OF CANNED GOODS.
Exports of Canned Goods from this port by
eea in May were 14.050 cases, making a total
■ for the first ten months of the crop year of
{71.000 eases.
LOCAL BTOCK OF GOVERNMENT COrN.
C. P. Berry, Assistant Treasurer of the
United States at San Francisco, reports cash
on hand May SI as follows:
'United States notes $19,870 00
' Treasury- notes of 1890 23.666 00
National bank notes 5,406 00
Gi>wi certificate* 301.53000
Silver oertlftcatefl 456,568 00
Gold coin 16,200,1173 00
Standard s-llver dollars 86,002 ■
subsidiary silver coin 113.55S 85
'. ' Minor coin 16,229 34
Total $43,139,278 14
Shipments of silver coin from the same of
. floe in the month of May, IS9S. ware as fol
• lows:
Standard silver dollars $120,000 00
■ Subsidiary silver 91,300.00
.' -. Total $211.300 00
EXPLANATION.
Th arrow flies with the wind. The top flg
ure.-- ai station indicate minimum temperature \
for the days; tho.se underneath It, if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in inches ;
end hundredth? during the last twelve hours. :
l?"bp.rs. or soiH lines, connect points of equal I
air pressure; Isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
re and is usually accompanied !
Ir weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and is usually preceded and accompanied
by cloudy we-ither and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington coast. When
the pressure Is hlnh in the interior and low
the coast, and the isobars extend north i
- ,th along the roast, rain is probable; j
,en the "low" Is inclosed with Isobars of
'marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is lm
pr bable. With a "hitch" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia roast, warmer weather mey be expected
In summer and colder weather in winter. The !
reverse of these conditions will produce an I
opposite result.
WEATHER BUREAU REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO, June 3, 6 p. ra.
The following maximum temperatures ax»
reported to-day from Weather Bureau stations
In California:
Eureka, 58; Fresno, SB; Los Ang»les, 92; Red
Bluff, S2; Independence, 72; San Diego, 72; Sac
ramento, S4; San Luis Obispo, 90; Yurua, 92.
San Francisco temperature — Maximum, 77;
mininVum, sfi; mean, 66.
.WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
western portion of the country. The highest
pressure, 30.50 inches, is reported at Tatoosn
Island. The pressure has risen rapidly over
Montana. North Dakota and the British posses
sions. There has been a slight fall along the
coast of California.
The -temperature has risen rapidly over the
greater portion of the Pacific Coast. A moder
ate norther Is blowing over <"alifornla. Over
Central and Southern California the tempera
tures are from 9 to ly degrees above the normal.
Rain and snow have fallen in Utah and
northward to the International boundary.
• The following maximum wind velocities are
reported: Eureka, 2S miles per hour from the
northwest; Tunis, 34, north; El Paso, 30, south-
Forecasts made at San Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight. June 4, IT'S:
Northern California— Fair Saturday; con
tinued warm weather: northerly winds chang
ing to fresh westerly on the coast.
Southern California— Fair Saturday; con
tinned warm weather; northerly winds In the
interior; westerly winds on the coast.
N'vj-ada— Fair Saturday; warmer in northern
•portion.
• Utah— Fair Saturday; warmer.
■ Arizona— Fair Saturday.
flan Francism and vicinity— Fair Saturday;
light northerly changing to fresh westerly
winds.
Special report from Koftnt Tamalpais. taken
at B p. m.— Clear; win 1 north, 12 miles per
hour; temperature, 71; n;aximum, 73.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
f : .NEW YORK, June 3.— Professional specula
tors on the bear side were very alerfc and ac- :
• live to-day, attacking first one point and then
another of the list and keeping th» stock mar
ket decidedly Unsettled. In the final hour there i
: 'was a move all along the line which effectu
ally broke prices, leaving only a few small
n>t gains in some of the low-priced stocks that
. had been pushed up in the earlier trading, in
all the prominent stocks, even Sugar which was '
•the leader of the market, gain* were practically I
wiped out, and In nine cases net losses amount !
'to over 2 points. The bear drive was accom- '
. pariled by considerable beating of tom-toms '
and a diffusion of rumors and ostentatious feats
of the effect of the Senate's vote for the coin- '
age of treasury silver.
The day's trading opened with the conditions
' in yesterday's market rather emphasized; that
is to say, with the high-priced dividend paying
stock showing some effects from profit taking,
and the middle and lower grade stocks were
• .well supported ■by nominal buying.
The profit taking in the recent leaders was
pretty wen absorbed, and .t was evident that
funds realized by Felling these stocks Instead
of being taken out of the market were- simply
being diverted into other stocks which have
not as yet advanced conspicuously In price
The realizing In the Grangers and some of the
high priced . specialties, however, caused them
, .to drop somewhat, and made them vulnerable
to attack. London followed the New York
lead, and sold the high priced' stocks and !
bought some of the low priced internationals.
•The preferred stocks of reorganized roads were
in .especial favor. Union ■ Pacific preferred and
Northern Pacific preferred being conspicuous
, examples. Sugar was a strong sustaining force
and rose at one time 2 1 ? points, but saved only
the fraction. The local traction stocks were
markedly weak all day. Money continued In.
abundant supply and rates continue to de
cline. New York Exchange has gone to a
sharp premium at Chicago. Silver to-day sold
at 5St%. the highest price of the year, the de
mand coming from Spain.
Bonds were strong in the early dealings, but
the speculative issues yielded in sympathy with
stocks. Total sales, $4,700,000.
United States fours registered of 1907 and
1925 advanced **, while the fives registered de
clined % in the bid price.
Total sales of stocks to-day , were 627,400
shares, including:
6350 Atchison; 34.560 do preferred; 8450 Balti
more and Ohio; 32,200 C. & O. ; 14,837 Burling
ton; 3150 C. C. C. & St. L. : 3840 D. and R. O.
preferred; *350 Louisville and Nashville; 16.281
Manhattan; 5915 Metropolitan-street Railway;
14.115 Reading preferred; 7965 Missouri Pacific;
12,056 M. K. and T. preferred ; 4535 New York
Central; 24,225 Northern Pacific: 24,780 do pre
ferred; 4060 Reading; 25.550 Rock Island; 3696
St. Louis and San Francisco second preferred;
34,250 St. Paul; 6020 Southern; 14.197 do pre
ferred; 3400 Texas and Pacific': r.8,644 Union Pa
cific preferred; 3390 Wabash preferred: 6020
American Tobacco; 12,740 Chicago Great West
ern; 24,250 People's Gas; 5620 General Electric;
45,169 American Sugar; 4850 C. and I.; 6950 U.
S. Leather preferred.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 12!«, St P & Om 78Vi.
Do prefd :.. 32%] Do prefd 149
Baltimore & Ohio 19% St P M & M -. 143%
Canada Pacific .. 84%|50 Pacific 18 •
Canada Southern. 52 So Railway 9
Central Pacific ..14 Do prefd 31%
Ches & 0hi0..... 22% Texas & Pacific.. 12
Chi & A1t0n...... 159 Union Pac prefd. 61%
Chi B & Q 104% U P D & G 7%
Chi & E 111 64% Wabash 7%
C C C & StL.... 35% Do prefd 19%
Do prefd 70 Wheel 'St I. E.... 2%
Del & Hudson... 110 Do prefd 13
Del L & W 110 Express Companies-
Den & X O- liy, Adams Ex 100
Do prefd 48% American Ex .... 125
Erie (new) 13% United States .... 40
Do Ist prefd.... 36% Wells Fargo 116
Fort Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor prefd 178 A Cot Oil 23
Hocking Valley.. 6% Do prefd 74%
Illinois Central .. 105 Amn Spirits 11% 1
Lake Brie & W.. 16% Do prefd 80
Do prefd 73 Am Tobacco 108%
Lake Shore 193 Do prefd 117 !
Louis & .sash 65% People's Ou ..... 100% I
Manhattan L .... 104% Cons Gas ISB% j
Met St Ry 166% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Mich Cent 104% Col F & Iron 22%
Minn & St L 29 Do prefd 90
Do Ist prefd.... 89% Gen Electrio 36%
Mo Pacific 34% Illinois Steel 63 •
Mobile & 0hi0.... 2S Laclede Gas 51
Mo X & T 11% Lead 35
Do prefd 34% Do prefd 106%
Chi Ind & L 8% Nat Lin Oil M
Do prefd 31 Pacific Mall 28%
N J Central 95% Pullman Palace.. IV.
N V Central 116% Silver Certificates 59%
N V Chi & S L.. 13 Stand R & T 6%
Do Ist prefd .... 60 Sugar 142^
Do 2d prefd 33 Do prefd 114
Nor West 14% T C & Iron 25%
No Amer Co 6 US Leather 7% ;
No Pacific 28 Do prefd 64% !
Do prefd 67% U S Rubber 20
Ontario & W 15% Do prefd 78
Or R & Nay 51% West Union 91%
Or Short Line.... 82 Chi & N W 128
Plttsburg 16S 1 Do prefd 172%
Reading 19% St L * S W 5
. Do Ist prefd.... 45% Do prefd 10%
Rock Island 105% |R G W 25%
St Louis & S F.. 8 Do prefd 64 j
Do Ist prefd .... 63 Chi G W 14
Do 2d prefd .... 30% Haw Com Co 22
St Paul 100 UP Common 25%
Do prefd 148% I
CLOSING BONDS.
I' £ new 4s reg.. 124 |N Carolina 65... 124
Do coup 124 I Do 4s 102
V B 4s 109% No Pac lsts 116
Do coup 112 Do 8s 61% |
Do 2ds 95% Do 4s 96%
U Sss reg 112 NYC &B L 45.. 105
Do 5s coup 112 Nor & W 6s .120
District 3.65s 114 Northwstrn cons. 139%
Ala class A 110 Do deb 5s 115%
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 90 0 Nay 4s 'J5%
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr 126
Atchison 4s 92% O S Line Be tr.... 104%
Do adj 4s 65% O Imp lsts tr.... 110%
Can So 2ds 108% Do 5s tr 60
Chi Term 4s 86 Pacific fis of 95.... 100%
C & Ohio 5s 114 Reading 4s 85%
C H & D 4%5.... 104H R G W lsts 87
D & It G lsts 106 : » SL & I M C 55.. 95
D & R G 4s 94% 3 L & S F G 65.. 119%
East Term lsts... 107 St P Con 145
Erie Gen 4s 74% St P C & P lsts. US
FW & D lsts tr. 82% Do 5s 116
Gen Elec 5s 102% So Ry 6s „ 95%
G H & S A 65.... 103% Stand R & T 65.. 70
Do 2ds 103% Term new set 35.. 87%
H & T C 5s 109 " T & P L G lsts.. 103%
Do con 6s 104 Do Rg 2ds .. 36
lowa C lsts 100% U P D & G lsts. 58%
La new cons 45... 100 Wab Ist 55....... 109%
LAN Uni 45.... 90% Do 2ds 84%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 108
M K& T 2d5.... 63 Va Centuries .... 6S
Do 4s .?. 87% Do deferred ... 3
ff T Cejitral lsts. 118 U P prefd 61%
N J C os 114 Do 4s 95%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 Ontario 2 75
Crown Point .... 10 Ophtr 90
Con Cal & Va... 45 Plymouth 15
Deadwood 50 Quicksilver 100
Gould & Curry.... 15 1 Do prefd 200
Hale & Norcross. 80 Sierra Nevada ... 55
Homestake * 40 00 Standard 150
Iron Silver 55 Union Con 05 I
Mexican - 15 Yellow Jacket ... 20
BOSTON.
BOSTON, June 3.— Atchlson, 13; Bell Tele
phone, 275; Burlington, 104%; General Electric,
3fi>*; Mexican Central, 6; Oregon Short Line,
31H". San Diego, .
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. June 3.— The Evening Post's
London, financial cablegram says: The feature,
in the stock markets here to-day was the
strength of all the Paris stocks, notably Bni
zlls and Spanish 4b, which were bought largely
for Paris, the latter on reports that the July
coupon was about to be announced. Before
the close of business the announcement was
officially made that this coupon would be paid.
Americans were bullish early, but again
closed good on New York support. New York
bought less bonds to-day, but more preference
stock. There was a sharp break In Grand
Trunk on disappointing traffic returns, but It
was better at the close. Gold was In strong
demand at 77s lOd. The money market was
flooded with cash, as predicted.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific 87%; Grand Trunk. 9%. Bar
stiver, stea-dy, 27% d per ounce. Money, I<J?IV4
per cent
Spanish 4s closed at 35%, a net gain of T4.
PARIS, June 3.— Spanish 4s closed at 35 7-U,
a net gain of 1 1-6.
MADRID, June 3.— Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 62.40; gold was quoted at 80.00.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. June FLOUR-Receipts. 23.
085 barrels; exports, 14,247 barrefs. Quiet, but
closed strong and higher with Wheat.
WHEAT— Receipts, 628.175 bushels; exports,
305,358 bushels. Spot strong; No. 2 red, BS"4c
f. o. b afloat. Options were generally strong
from start to finish. Urgent covering stimu
lated by adverse home and foreign crop news
and lighter Western receipts were the feature.
Closed l%c net higher: No. 2 red July, 9S4c@
$1 Om, closed at $1 01%.
WOOL— Steady.
METALS— A little better feeling was shown
in the metal market to-day and a slight de
crease was not noted In demand for Tin,
Spelter and Lead at the close.
PIG IRON— Warrants were steady, with 6.76 c
bid and 6.80 c asked.
LAKE COPPER— Quiet with 11.90 c bid and
12.10 c asked.
Firmer, with 14.82&O bid and 14.87^0
asked.'
SPELTER— Firm, with . 4.30 c bid and 4.40 c
asked.
LEAD— Steady, with 3.77V4c bid and 3.82^0
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
smelters and miners' quotes Lead at 3.60 c. •
COFFEE — Options closed dull and unchanged
to 10 points lower. Sales. 6250 bags, . including
July, $5 80. Spot Coffee— quiet; No. 7 in
voice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 6%c; mild, quiet;
Cordova, 8%@15%c. , . ■ .
SUGAR— Raw, firm; fair refining, 3?4c; cen
trifugal; 96 test, 4 5-16 c: refined, firm.
BUTTER— Receipts, 7116 packages; weak;
Western creamery. 13>/ 2 'glG l ie; Elglns, 16V4c;
factory. lOU'Si'M^c.
EGGS— Receipts, 15.646 packages; firm; West
ern, 10* (g'Hc; Southern., 10Vi@10^c.
DRIED FRTIT.
NEW YORK, June 3.— California dried fruits:
Apples strong and other fruits steady.
EVAPORATED APPLES SQ80; prime, wire
tray, 9#9'/c: wood dried, prime, 9Vic; : choice,
■ !»H@10Ho: fancy. 10\4c.
PRUNES— ?@S',4c .r. ;
: APRICOTS— RoyaI. *t^l<v : Moornark, 10®12c.
j PEACHES— s@9c; peeled. 12@.16c. .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO, June 3.— Strength in , Wheat was
due to an opening advance of from 2d to 2%d
,at Liverpool. The upward tendency, was sub- I
rained by ' reports from ■ Kansas City of con- I
, siderable damage to the Kansas Wheat crop :
by bugs, rust and rank growth. Cash Wheat I
I everywhere was scarce, and the bulk of It ap
j peared to be under Letter's control. This, to-
I gether with the fact that Letter sold 1,400,000
j bushels of cash Wheat to British millers ye
! terday created a good buying sentiment. Shorts
who .had a profit seemed disposed to cover and 1
secure • It, ■ while other shorts bought to stop I
further losses. On the bulges," however new
shorts were quickly created, and this selling
j and profit taking by the fortunate longs led to I
frequent breaks. The market . became sUong
npnr the end Of the session on heavy buy
. Ing by St. Louis shorts. July closed with a
gain of 2@2%c and September 1%@1%e • ■■• :
Notwithstanding the strength of Wheat, Corn
was heavy on good crop prospects large re
ceipts and a general cessation of foreign de
mand. July Is %@%c lower.
■ The speculative trade in Oats was light clos
ing unchanged. • ,'.
After an hour of fairly active trading Pro
j visions became dull. ,Cudahy bought lard
freely. Pork and lard quit 7>£c higher. ; July
ribs closed 2Vic higher. • ," l *> ne .V JUIV
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles- «_ :. . Open. High.- Low. Close.
•- Wheat, No. 2— ■
J,June 110 112H 109 ■; 1 12%
THE SAN FKANCISCO CALL, SATUKDAT, JUNE 4, 1898.
July 93% " 94 91% 9 * •
September. • 79% 80% 78% 80%
December 78% 79 . 77% . 79
Corn, No. 2—
June 824 32% 82 82%
July 33% 33% 32% 83%
September 34% 34% 33% 34%
■ Oats, No. 2— '-. i.\ ~■• -, ;'
July .: 24% 24% 24% 24%
September 21% 22 21% 21%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
July 1087% 11 10 1082% 10 95
September.... 1106 11 22% 1100 1110
Lard, per 100 lbs— . ...
July .......: 6 12% « 22% 6 12% 8 17%
September;. ...6 20 6 32% 620 6 27%
Short Ribs, : per 100 lbs—
July ................ 5 80 6' 87% 5 76 C 82%
September 6 87% 5h5 685 6yo
Cash quotations were aa follows:
Flour, dull and easy; No. 2 spring wheat,
$1 05; No. 3 spring wheat. $I@l 10; No. 2 red,
$1 10; No. 2 corn, 33** c; No. 2 oats. 26*4'?25%c;
No. 2 white, 25%@29>*.; No. 3 white, 25%529c;
No. 2 rye, 47Q4Sc; No. 2 barley. 40<§'42c; No. 1
flax seed. $i 21*?§1 22: prime timothy seed,
'$2 90; mess pork, per barrel, $10 90® 10 95; lard.
I per 100 pounds. $6 02%«6 20: short ribs sides
I (loose), $5 65@6: dry salted shoulders (boxed).
sg'.i%c; short clear sides (boxed), $6 26<g>6 35.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 12.600 12.200
Wheat, bushels 44,000 54.000
Corn, bushels 599.500 347.400
Oats, bushels 275.700 493.100
Rye. bushels 10.800
Barley. bu?hels 20,700 700
On the Produce Exchange to-day the butter
I market was steady: creameries. 13@16o; dairies,
11® 13c. Eggs, steady; fresh, 9%c.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 17.860 30.750
Duluth 60,037 94.000
Milwaukee - 91.000 3.250
Chicago 44.020 64.643
Toledo 17.205 4.100
St. Louis 11.000 6.000
Kansas City 10,358 16,941
Detroit 23.000 82,000
Totals 874,480 241.684
Tidewater —
Boston • 80,834
New York 528.175 806.358
Philadelphia 6.132 L 643
Baltimore 88.031 14,171
New Orleans 9.182
Galveston 1,650 79,100
Totals _ 572,988 490.188
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— June. Sept.-Dec.
Opening 62 00 62 25
Closing 62 20 62 50
Flour —
Opening 2S 45 23 60
Closing 28 60 23 65
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
June. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 9 4% 7 2 S 9%
Closing 93% 71% 6>
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO. June B.— CATTLE— There was a
fairly active demand for cattle to-day. Prices
were about steady. Beef steers. $4^5 55; West
ern feeders, $4 40<i*4 65; stocker.s and feeders,
$4 7595; cows and heifers, $4 40<g'4 65; canners,
ft 35; calves, $s'as 70.
| HOGS Were In good demand and prices
j ruled stronger. The local stocks of short ribs
i are much larger than a month ago, and this
was used as a strong argument for lower
prices. Fair to choice, $4 15ST4 25; packers,
$:; '."■l4 12%; butchers', $4 05&4 20; mixed, $4®
! 4 15; light, $3 75@4 12%; pigs. $2 So@3 65.
SHEEP— There was a good demand for sheep
and lambs at yesterday's prices. Clipped
sheep, $3 25@4 75; clipped lambs, $3 75(&5 60;
wooied lambs, $6@6 60; spring lambs, $6 Ss@
I 6 00 per 100 lbs.
Receipts— 3&00; hogs, 25,000; sheep, 12.
000. .
OMAHA.
OMAHA. June 3.— Receipts, 2200.
Market steady; native beef steers, $4@4 90;
Western steers, $3 80114 40; cows and heifers,
$3 50@4 60; Btockers and feeders, $3 75(&6 20;
bulls, stags, etc., $3@4.
HOGS— Receipts, 7500. Market 10c lower;
heavy, $3 97%Cfj4 10; mixed, $4&4 06; light, $3 95
@4; bulk of sales, $4<fi4 05.
SHEEP— 100. Market steady; fair
to choice natives, $3 8094 40; fair to choice
Western, $3 70@4 30; lambs. $4 25@5 90.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts,
2300. Beat steady, others weak; native steers,
$3 5004 85: native cows and heifers, $2 75®
4 76; stockers and feeders, $3 4096 30; bulls, $3<@
4 60.
Receipts. 17,000. Market weak to 5c
lower, closing strong; bulk of sales, $3 Ss<g>4 05;
heavies, $3 1094 10; packers, $3 80#4 05; mixed,
$3 80@4; lights, $3 55@3 90; yorkers, $3 90@3 95;
pigs, $3®3 76.
SHEEP— 1000. Market firm; lambs,
$4 50-G6 35; muttons, J3 25® 4 35.
I "RXVKR.
DENVER. June 3.— CATTLE— Receipts. 4400.
Market firm. Beef steers, $3 761j4 40; cows.
J3<(4; feeders, freight paid to river, $4 10® 4 60;
Btockera, freight paid, $4«?4 70; bulls, stags,
etc., *2 RMJ3 50.
HOGS— Kecelpts, 200. Market 10c lower, firm.
LlKht packers. $4 05@4 10; mixed, J4@4 05;
heavy. $3 90<g4 05.
SHEEP- Receipts, none; market unchanged.
CALIFORNIA DRIED FRUITS.
NEW YORK. June B.— The Journal of Com
merce says: The demand for California Dried
Fruits from consumers was light and no specu
lative interest whatever was manifested. How
ever, as spot stocks of all descriptions In the
firpt hands are light and jobbers are said to be
carrying small supplies even at this season a
steady feeling prevails.
Stocks of California Prunes in first hands con
pist almost entirely of 60(&70'8 and 70®80's, but
these sizes do not seem to be wanted. Jobbers
are carrying very small supplies of 40@50's and
Bo@fio'e, and of sizes below 90's they are re
ported to have little. There is, however, little
consuming demand at present and prices are
nominal. Apricots are quiet, but offerings
limited and prices firm with an upward ten
d«»nry. General quotations are 9012 cln boxes,
but for some extra fancy fruit up to 14>*c is
demanded. Peache.s are slow of sale, but un
der small supplies of desirable goods the mar
ket is firm. California loose Muscatel Raisins
are quiet, but there 1h little offered, spot or to
arrive. The market remains firm. California
tifpdless are limited in stock and firm, but we
hear of little demand. Foreign Raisins ate
scarce. There is, however, little demand and
prices nominal. Currants are firm, though the
inquiry is light. Dates and Figs remain quiet,
with prices nominal and unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, June 3.— Consols, 111H; 811v«r,
27M; French rentes. 103f 17% c.
LIVERPOOL, June Wheat, dull; No. 1
Standard California, 60s; cargoes oft coast,
buyers and sellers apart; cargoes on passage,
buyers and sellers apart; English country mar
kets, generally Is oheaper; French country
markets, easy:- "Wheat In Paris, steady. Flour
In Paris, steady.
COTTON— 3 B-16d.
CLOSE.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red. Northern spring,
firm, 9s 6d. .... --.-.._,., „,■
CORN— Spot, American mixed, steady, 3s
4^d; July, steady, 3a 4%d; September, steady,
3s 6H<3.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, dull, 13s.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND,. Or., June Sales of Walla
Walla wheat were reported to-day as low as
75c and this Is about the only report of actual
business being done this week. Some buyers
are In the market. Cleared— British ship So
cotera, for Queenstown, with 93,582 bushels of
wheat.
• WASHINGTON.
TACOMA, . Wash., June 3.— Wheat, un
changed. Club, 80c; Blue Stem, 84c.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT SALES.
The Earl Fruit Company auctioned. Califor
nia fruit in Eastern market* to-day at the
following prices: •
CHICAGO, June B.— Apricots— $1 25@
1 85, average $1 56; . Plums— Clyman, $1 30@l bo,
average, $1 42.
NEW YORK, June B.— Apricots— Royal, $1 90
OS 05. average $2 15; Seedling, %l 65@2 10, aver
age $1 96: Newcastle, $1 50@2 10, average $1 71;
Garland Peaches, $2 43; Cherries — Royal Anne,
90c@$l 35. average Jl 12; Black Tartarian, 60®
He, average 65c; Centennial, $1 20.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
. WASHINGTON, June 3.— To-day's statement
of the condition of the. Treasury shows: 'Avail
able cash balance, $195,113,592;.' gol' 4 reserve
$171,053,580. '
COTTON MARKET.
NEW ORLEANS, June COTTON— Steady.
£ 1-16 C. ■.-■■■•■.'.■ .'.':;. .•■.,. ;?■ -•• - ■ ■■'■■;
NEW YORK, June 3.— COTTON— Very dull
middling, 6\4c. ; .- <jx ... -. . ■•-...■ /'
'. PORTLAND'S BUSINESS. _ ;
PORTLAND, Or., June 3.— Exchanges, $277
40S; balances, $36.618. ■-.■ , ..-. .-,/■
BRADSTREET'S REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Bradstreet's to-morow
will say: The general business situation might
well be expressed by the single word "crops."
Certainly the very flattering outlook reported
in nearly all the grain-growing sections of the
country, and particularly as regards the grow
ing wheat, has been of a nature to dominate
the entire trade situation. From all of the
surplus wheat-growing States there comes but
one report, that of a large acreage, extremely
good weather and crop conditions already fore-
shadowing an unprecedented production of the
king of cereals. With the steady and favor
able progress making toward a large wheat
yield has come the final elimination of the
May wheat deal and a considerable quieting
down of speculative fever and prices. The close
of the week witnesses an Immense shrinkage
in the price paid for cash wheat as compared
with a short time ago, partly the result, or
course, of former higher prices, inducing a
freer movement of reserve wheat stocks Into
eight, not only at home, but abroad. That the
ultimate effect of declines has been beneficial
rather than otherwise, however, is evidenoed
by the increased inquiry of exporters for wheat
and corn and the total movement for the week
is a record-breaking one for this period of the
year. Accompanying the decline In wheat,
however, is the sympathetic fall in oats and
flour, but corn is higher on crop news and In
creased export demand.
Reports as to distributive trade are encour
aging and weak in spite of the vague season.
A hopeful feature is the generally reported
good trade at retail, not only at the West, but
also East, where unfavorable weather condi
tions have heretofore checked the demand
greatly. The volume of orders already re
ceived for fall delivery by wholesalers is, how
ever, of such satisfactory proportions as to
lead to the Impression that the fall demand,
when it actually materializes, will be the best
seen for years.
Reports from other industries continue, on
the whole, quite good. The movement of Iron
and Pteel is still of an Immense volume and
the demand for agricultural implements has
never been exceeded.
The rather better tone reported in some
branches of the cotton and wool goods Indus
tries of late remains unimpaired, print cloths
having advanced again while wool remains
firm.
Wheat exports for the week reflect a better
export inquiry and larger shipments, aggre
gating 5,245.(i5i; bushels, against 4.30 I >,ooo bush
els la*t week, 2,620 000 bushels in this week a
year ago, 8,209,000 bushels in IS&6. 2,931,000 bush
els in 1895 and 2.742,000 bushels in 1594.
Huainess failures in the United States this
week show a sharp falling off. numbering only
178, against 231 last week, 192 in 1597, 236 in
1896 and 1595 and 207 in 1R94.
Business failures in the IK>mlnlon of Canada
number 21, against 18 last week. 37 In this
week a year ago, 29 in 1596, 27 In 1895 and 37
in 1594.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. June 3.— The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet, shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended
June 2, with the percentage of Increase and
decrease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year:
Percentage
Inc. Dec.
New York 1879,418,063 40.1
Boston . 92,476,192 11.8 ....
Chicago 113,861,260 45.2 ....
Philadelphia 60,315,153 7.1
St. .Louis 24,974.063 6.9 ....
Pittsburg 18,906,!>53 13.7 ....
Baltimore 17,361,851 66. S
San Francisco 15,163,730 -7.8, ....
Cincinnati ..... 11,741,750 .... 7.8
Kansas City 10,33i»,735 3.9
New Orleans 6,547, 22.2 tV;.;.'
Minneapolis 8,503,581 50.3 ....
Detroit o,Wti,:!ll 13.0
Cleveland 6,107,511 19.0 '
Louisville ' 6,164.125 .... 8.3
Providence 4.100,300 .... 15.9
Milwaukee 4,770,246 21.9 ....
St.' Paul 3.519,220 2.9 •;....
Buffalo 3,9ti3,480 .... ....
Omaha- 5,018.712 8.2
Indianapolis 4,387,527 18.0
Columbus, 0 3,468,500 6.4 ....
Savannah 1,825,077 6.4 ....
Denver 3,088,244 43.9
Hartford 2.079,989 .... 8.0
Richmond ' 2,157,817 11.4
Memphis 1,5.(2, "97 42.2 ....
Washington 1,708,172 38.1
Peoria 1.491.554 8.0
Rochester 2,199,966 12.3 ....
New Haven 1,496,610 25.2 ....
Worcester 1,248.792 ■ ....
Atlanta 848,283 23.0 *'..;.
Salt Lake City 1,263.102 14.5 >....
Springfield, Mass.. 1.192,422 3.4 ;-.-...
Fort Worth 1,568,212 15.4 - ....
Portland, Me 1,169,650 ....
Portland, Or 1,260,907 51.4 ...:7.
St. Joseph 3.081.657 135.1
Los Angeles L 366,079 34.6 ....
Norfolk 956,969 13.5
Syracuse 1,001,113 8.5 ....
Dcs Moines 1,089.622 31.2 ....
Nashville 972,027 3.0 ....
Wilmington, Del... 636,105 ' 5.0
Fall River 685,007 .... 7.5
Scranton 860,179 .... 127.0
Grand Rapids 792,538 .... 20.9
Augusta, Ga 635,204 36.8
Lowell 605.322 13.2 ....
Dayton, 0 65?. 734 7.3 ....
Seattle 1,122,130 57.3 ....
Tacoma 756,824 59.4 ....
Spokane 731. 23.0 ....
Sioux City 668,020 15.5 ....
New Bedford 328,040 ....
Knoxville. Term.... 522,812 58.3
Topeka 402,003 10.1
I Birmingham 388,930 20.1 ....
Wichita 441.378 26.0 •
Binghamton 396.400 33.0
! Lincoln 844,329 11.
Lexington, Ky 269,502 8.9
Jacksonville, Fla... 146,678 .... 12.0
Kalamazoo 305,955 11.7 ....
Akron 257.600 12.0 <.:.V
Bay City . 159.800 11. ....
Chattanooga 339,060 10.7 4' ;'..".
I Rockford. 11l 201,530 4*5.2
I Canton. 0 209,100 10.6 ....
; Springfield. 0 179,242 31.6
Fargo, N. D 165.506 33.0 ....
I Sioux Falls, S. D.. 103,749 123.9
Hastings. Neb 127,622 16.5
Fremont, Neb 128,851 42.2 ....
Davenport 666.183 8.1 " ...';
Toledo ..V:... 2.002.301 55.0 .....
Galveston 4.300,200 30.9
Houston ............ 4,271.904 .... 1.9
Macori 336.000
Evansvllle 746.030 .... ....
Helena 551,300 .... -. ..V.
Totals, U. 5....J1, 155, 159,051 30. ....
Totals outside New
York 476.741, 12.3
• DOMINION OF CANADA.
Montreal $4,406,9: i« 13.7 ....
i Toronto 8,895,471 24.3
. Winnipeg 2,087,557 . 80.8 ....
Halifax 1.133.331 .... 7.3
Hamilton . 836,204 10.8 ....
St. John. N. B 465,451 .... 20.0
Totals 127,643,950 18.0
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, June 3.— R. G. Dun & Co.'a
Weekly Review of Trade will say to-morrow:
May having been the first full month of actual
war the fact that failures in that month were
smaller, even though but little, than In the
corresponding month last year and nearly 10
per cent smaller than in May. W6, (s some
what encouraging, tho more because a year
ago the remarkable decrease in May grave proof
of the heavy improvement in business which
made the year so gratifying in general results.
Large failures were eight in manufacturing for
$2,385,000 this year, against thirteen for $2,965,
000 last year, and in trading five for $690,000,
against ten for $1,572,077 in 1R97. Hesitation in
extending usual credits soon after the war
began naturally affected weak more than
strong concerns, but it soon gave place to
steady and increasing confidence.
Wheat dropped 74 cents from the highest
point after the May deal culminated and has
since been weaker for July because of accounts
promising an enormous yield. Those who were
nearest the truth last year now predict about
700,000,000 bushels for 181*8 and ail accounts
make acreage much larger and conditions much
better than a year ago. But with $1 IS still
paid for No. 2 red In elevator and a foreign
demand taking 6,294,498 bushels, flour included,
from Atlantic ports for the week against 2,165,
757 last year, and 385,439 from Pacific ports
against 74.929 last year, the decline evidently
hastens the marketing of surplus and gives
the new crop a better chance. It is not less
surprising that Western receipts for the week
were 4.M8.6M bushels against 2,099,795 last year,
although the crop has been by some supposed
to he almost exhausted and Corn receipts were
also 7,076,491 bushels, against 6,116,523 last year.
Exports of Corn for the week have been 4,881,
821 bushels, against 1,926.566 last year, and for
the first time in their history exports of each
grain nave about reached 200,000,000 bushels in
the same year.
Woolen mills are encouraged by a somewhat
larger demand for goods, in part from Govern
ment orders and are averaging about 1 per
cent better prices for goods than a month ago.
There is not much demand for Wool, which is
still held in the main above the views of
manufacturers and prices have declined an
average ot M cent for the month.
The Iron and Steel manufacture leads all
others in gain over previous years, its con
sumption of pig iron being apparently more
than a million tons per month, or 225.000 tons
each week, against 170,780 tons per week in
May, 1592, an Increase of 33.6 per cent. Works
beyond the Alleghanies are crowded with busi
ness and wlille some Eastern concerns are run
ning part time, mostly bar mills, the Govern
ment demand is felt most In this section.
Above all others in significance is the wholly
unprecedented demand from agricultural im-.
plemenf works, which throw in the shade ail
their past orders, while the plate and rail
manufacturers are beating all records, partly
with foreign orders, one for Cannda ha v lns*
been placed at Chicago for 12,000 tons. Struct
ural work Is very heavy, the West furnishing
a large share of it, and in sheet bars and rods
for fencing the orders ar»» large. Prices of pig
have been somewhat strengthened by the enor
mous buying orders for Bessemer and basic
at Pittsburg and of charcoal at Chicago.
Failures lor the week have been 222 in the
United Stßtes, against 241 last year, and 16 in
Canada, against 32 last year.
-r.sANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, June 3.— Bradstreet's Financial
Review to-morrow will say: A strong tone
has been shown In last week's speculation, and
generally advancing tendencies in prices have
been accompanied by increased activity, though
a sharp reaction on Friday followed the news
that the I'nited States Senate had adopted the
measure for the coinage of the silver seignior
age. The upward movement in prices has at
tracted considerable outslrir interest, but in the
more prominent stocks manipulative influences
and the work of bull cliques can be detected.
The strength of Government bonds (the new
fours advancing from 121*4 hid to 123) : the im
provement in railroad bonds indicating renew
ed activity on the part of the Investors, and
more or less buying by London have all been
sustaining factors, while in this connection
the ease of money must not be forgotten. The
principal influence continues to be the war, and
the street this week has been favorably in
fluenced by expectations that the blockading
of the Spanish squadron at Santiago will end
In its destruction and capture, and bring about
a restoration of neace. Rumors of an actual
victory in the same quarter had naturally a
decided bullish effect on Wednesday's market,
and though the alleged news was never veri
fied, the market did not exhibit any decided re
actionary tendency. In fact, holders have been
averse to selling stocks even to realize profits,
and the professional bears are timid about
putting out shorts, doubtless because a victory
would result in an immediate and sharp appre
ciation of prices. The attention is given to the
Indications of an Impending break down of
Spain's chief and only financial support— the
Bank of Spain — and the ease of the London
money market has also been to a certain ex
tent an element In connection with the exist
ing bullish speculative "sentiment.
LOCAL MARKET&
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 84
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — 4 87
Sterling Cables — 4 87H
New York Exchange, sight —
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — 17H
Fine Silver, per ounce — 69%
Mexican Dollars 46 46^
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The market showed more tone yes
terday. Futures advanced, and there was mor*
disposition on the part of shippers to operate.
That is. they would give Jl 40 for shipping
wheat, but could find no sellers at this figure.
Considering that the millers are paying $1 60
fi\ 65 for choice milling. $1 40 is too low in the
opinion of sellers, so there is no business, and
quotations tor this description are impossible.
Spot Wheat— Shipping, ; milling, $1 60®
1 Go per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
18,000 ctls, $1 43Vi; 18.00 c). Jl 43M,: 36,000. $1 434.
Second session— December- 2000 ctls, Jl 43 T 4;
2000, $1 44; 28.000, Jl 44\b; 8000. $1 4414.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
Jl 43%; 22,000, $1 4-3^; 8000, $] 43' i: 10,000. 51 43%.
Afternoon session— December— Booo ctls, Jl 43%;
32.000. $1 43Vi: 20,000, Jl 43%. May— 4ooo, Jl ii;
4000. $1 47; 2000. Jl 467*: 2006, Jl 40*..
BARLEY— The market was firmer with a bet
ter demand. Feed, Jl 20@l 22V* ; Brewing, nomi
nal.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December —
6000 ctls, Jl 18H: 2000, Jl 17V*.
Second session — December— 12,000 etla, Jl 19.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctla,
Jl 19 Vj; 8000, Jl 19>4.
Afternoon session — December — 8000 ctls, Jl 19U
«000, Jl 19%; 4000. Jl 19%; 2000, Jl 19%: 2000,
Jl 19%.
OATS— More tone Is exhibited, but there Is
no advance In prices.
Fancy Feed, Jl 40 per ctl; good to choice,
Jl 32>-.@l 37H: common, Jl 30©l 32V4; Surprise,
Jl 40® 1 45; gray, Jl 32%@1 35; milling, Jl 35^
1 40 per ctl.
CORN— Arrivals from the East are ample for
current needs, and the market Is dull.
Small round yellow, nominal; large yellow
Jl nTu^i 10; white, Jt 05*51 07^ per ctl.
RYE-J1 3fifl 37% per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— JI 75@1 85 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family extras, J5 60®5 60; bakers'
extras, J5 23(§'5 35 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices In sacks are aa fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, J3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, J6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, J3 25: Oatmeal, J4: Oat Groats J4 25-
Hominy, J3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour. J4@4 25;
("racked Wheat, J3 75; Farina. J4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, J3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), J5 80
i@6 20; in sacks, J5 60@6: Pearl Barley, J4 75;
Split Peas J4 25; Green Peas, J4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
The feeling in Hay was steadier, possibly ow
ing to a sudden falling off In receipts. There
was no change In Bran and Middlings, though
holders were Inclined to ask an advance for
the former.
BRAN— 14 Bo©ls 50 per ton.
MIDDLINGS-S2O 50^22 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $26@27 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill. $31@31 50; Job
bine. $324732 50: Cocoanut Cake, $24@25; Cot
tonseed Meal, ?2S@3O per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50;
Cracked Corn, $25.
HAY— (Ex-car In round Wheat, J21 1
24: Wheat and Oat. $20@22: Oat, $17-5)19;
Barley, ; compressed .Wheat, J21@24;
compressed Oat, 116018: Alfalfa, $12@12 50;
Clover, nominal; Timothy. 115017.
NEW HAY— Wheat, wire-bound, $17 50@20;
volunteer wild Oat. ; Clover and Oat. ;
Barley, ; Island Barley, $12@14; Alfalfa,
?12'513 50.
STRAW— 6O<g9Sc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Rnther more strength was reported In Beans.
BEANS- Bayos. J2 90f3; Small Whites, t2rs
2 10; Large Whites, Jl 9682 OS: Pinks, J2 60<®
2 70; Reds, J2 7502 90; Blackeye, J3 25<g'3 4c.
Butters, Jl 75^1 90; Limas. $2 90®8; Pea. Jl 85
02; Red Kidneys. $2 fir. £2 75 prr ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard. $2 2,V?2 50 per ctl;
Yellow Mustard. J3 15Q3 25; Flax. J2 25; Canary
Peed. 2H®3%c per lb; Alfalfa, B#6c; Rape, 2^®
2%c: Hemp. 24498 c: Timothy, srgsHc.
DRIED PEAS— Nlles. Jl 75@2; Green, Jl 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Los Angeles Egg Plant. I2V4@l?>c per Tb;
Oreen Peppers, 12$tQ15o; Tomatoes, J2 25^2 50
per box.
There were heavy receipts of Potatoes from
Oregon. Onions were easier. Cucumbers were
in sharp demand in the afternoon at advanced
prices under light receipts. Otherwise there
was nothing new.
POTATOES— River Reds, 3.V?f45c: River Bur
banks. 40950 c per sack; Oregon Burbanks, 4fi<^r>
60c; Petaluma Rurbanks, "■>tf?firi.- per sack: new
J'ntat'ios, l }4'ffl l 4c per fb In sacks and 75Cff}l 25
in boxes.
ONlONS— Australian Jobbing at $4@4 50; new.
4OT}6Oc per Tr>.
VEGETARLEP— Receipts were 252 boxes As
paragus. 9."i boxes Rhubarb, 539 sacks Peas
and 65 sacks Beans.
Asparagus, $2 25(J?2 50 for extra large; $1 50®
2 per box for No. 1. 50c9|] 25 for small; Rhu
barb, 60®8Sc per box for small to good and
P"<"asl for extra choice; Green Peas, 75ct?$l 25
per sack; Garden Peas, 2c per lb: String
Beans, 6's'lilc: Wax Beans, T'iJßc; Horse Beans.
4ogr,oc per sack: Summer Squash, $I@l 25 p»r
box; Dried Peppers. Git?7c per lb; Dried Okra
12>~c; Cabbage, GoO6oc per ctl: Carrots. ."OfSOc
per sack: Marysville Cucumbers, 65c@$l per
b..x: Mexican Tomatoes, per box; Garlic,
5c per lb.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES-
Potatnes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lb; sliced desiccated, 16918 c; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c: Sweet Potatoes, 30c: Turnips,
25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Hens are higher, owing to the absence of
Eastern at the moment Turkeys were weaker,
but the other descriptions are unchanged.
POUL.TRY-L.lv*> Turkeys, 9^l lc for Gob
blers and Sflllc for Hens: Geese, per pair, 75c@
»1; Goslings, $1^150; Pucks. fSQS GO for old
and fSffA ,rio, r io for young; Hens, $4 5056; Roos
ters, young, $7@9; Roosters, old, $3 70@4; Fry
ers. $s<i?6; Broilers, $4@5 for large, $2®3 50
for small; Pigeons, $1 25@1 50 per dozen for
young and $1 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND EGOS.
There i» no decline in Butter, but the mar
ket is weak. Eggs are going off fairly at the
quotations. Cheese remains the same.
BUTTER— " '-,'
Creamery — Fancy • creameries, 19c; seconds,
18c.
Dairy— to fancy, 16H@17M>c; common ■
grades, 15(g16c per lb. ■
Eastern — Imitation creamery, 16® !
16M;c: ladle-packed. 15@16c per lb; Elgin, 17 '
(g-lSc.
CHEESE— mild new, 9c; old. 7H 1 !
BHc; Cream Cheddar. 10@llc: Young America, ,
lOf^llc; ■■ Eastern, 12@13c.
EGGS— Eggs. 14%@16c per dozen: store '
Eggs, 13%(@14Vic; Eastern, 14V4@15c; Duck Eggs,
16c. ' -■-■-• .
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
There are not many ! Apricots on the market, ,
and they are firm in consequence. Peaches '
and Plums are slow. Cherries are dragging,
as the canners are. not very eager. after them.
Berries and Currants are steady.' j
Choice Navel Oranges are getting cleaned up.
New Madeleine Pears brought 85c per, box.
New Apples appeared in baskets from the
river."
The Strawberries at auction sold at $2 65®
3 25' per chest:
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Receipts were 232 chests of Strawberles and < •
4763 boxes of Cherries and 232 boxes Apricots.
' Strawberries, $2 50@4 per chest for 4arge and
$4@7 for small berries In basket, and for :
loose. .
White Cherries, 20@30c per box: black. 25@500;
Royal Annes, sn@6oc; loose Cherries, l@2Vic for
white and 2%<g3Hc per tb for black.
Currants, $2 756*1 ber chest.
Blackberries, Ss^(gsl per crate and per
drawer. • -»\ ; f . -ii V".-', ■-:
Plums, 50@75c per crate and ■ 40@75c per box- !
Cherry Plums. 25@40c per drawer, and 50<gt»c
per box. ' ■■>. - ■
■Apricots, 65c®'$l per box for Royals.
Peaches. »"^i 60 per box.
Gooseberries, , l@2c per lb for common and
4© 5c for English. s ■
| Newcastle- Raspberries. $1 25 per crate; Near
by Raspberries, $7@lo per chest. ■•
Apples, 50c4i$l 50 per box: new Apples, 40®60c I
per box and 40<gr,0c per basket. J.-.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges. $1 75®3 25-
Seedlings. 75c@$l 25: Lemons, ; Boc@sl for com
mon and $1 25<?/2 for good to : choice; Mcxi
can ' Limes. $3ffi4: California • Limes in
small boxes, 40@50c: Bananas, ' $1 25(52' tier
bunch; Pineapples. $3@4 per dozen. :
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS, ETC.
From now on until .the. new crop comes in
business will be confined to sales of '. odds and
ends;*; as there is : nothing : else ■to trade in -
: f DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, i carload lota %4V a
Be for ; 40-50 3. 4Vi@4 I i for f 50-60's, 3%®i c for
60-70-s,-3-i4@3%c f0r,70-80-8, 2%@3c for 80-90's 21l
@2%c ; for , 90-100' s; \ Peaches, , 3@sc; '■ fancy, f 514 a
6c; peeled, 10@12>-£c; Apricots, s<g*6i4c for Royals
and 7@Sc for good to ; fancy Moorparks; Evan o
rated « Apples,. 7%@Bc;? sun-dried, 4Viff. : >c- Ri!»v
Figs iin sacks. 2@2«c :•. Plums. " 4sMvf for
pitted and ; l*@l%c - f or ; ■ unpitted; bleach^
Plums. 6<®sV<c; Nectarines. 4@se I for .prime ♦«
fancy; Pears. J 2*@4%c for quarters and^u?
for halves, according: :to color, ■ etc - " *°
:BAISINS-lVi@2c lor two-crown, So tor three.
crown, 3%c for four-crown, 4Hc for Seedless
Sultanas. 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and »1@
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2>^c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lt>;
Walnuts, 3<g"4c for hardshell and 4@6c £pr soft
shell; Almonds, 3@4c for hardshell, 6®7c for i
Boftshell, S>«2<g9c for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4@ ;
H&O for Eastern and 4<^c for California; Pc- i
cans. 6%»?8c; Filberts, 9^mQc; Brazil Nuts,
B<g9c per tt>; Cocoanuts, $4 50^?5 per 100
HONEY-Comb, 9f 10c for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted; 5%@
6c; light amber extracted, 4%<S>sttc per !.
BEESWAX-24<526c per rt>. ■ |
PROVISIONS.
The demand continues good and prices are
steady.
CURED MEATS— Bacon, 9c per It> tor'
heavy, 9Vic for light medium, 10c for light.
lie for extra light and 12S12Vic for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar-cured Hams, 10H@llc; . Cali
fornia Hams. BHOKte; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef, $11; Family Beef, $12; Salt
Pork, $9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,
$17@17 50; mess, $15; Smoked Beef. 12# 12ftc per
rb.
LARD— Eastern, tierces quoted at 6c per lt>
for compound and S^c for pure: palls, 9V4c;
California tierces, o^ic per ft> for compound
and 7Hc f or pure; half barrels, 7%e; 10-Ib
tins, Sic; 5-tb tins. $%c.
COTTOLENE -Tierces <?%'s'7Mie: packages,
less than 3»0 lbs— l-Ib pails, 60 in a case. 9%c;
3-n> pails, 20 In a case S=>*e; 5-!T> pails, 12 in a
case. 8% C ; 10-tn palls. 6in a ease. $%c; 60-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case. Vie; wooden buckets,- 20
lbs net, BV4c; fancy tubs, 80 tt>s net, 7s»c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per It).
HIDES. TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
All descriptions remain the same. Hides are
firm and in fair demand, and Hops are dull.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10@10Vic: medium. 9@9V4c; light, 9c;
Cowhides, 9<§9%c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip, 9fto;
Calf, 10c; dry Hides, lSfto; culls and brands,
13@13Hc; dry Kip and Veal, 15@16c; dry Calf,
lMSf'2Oc; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 20f1)37Hc each;
Kids, 5t?10c; Deerskins, good summer, BS@3oc"
per rb; medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20f?30c each; short wool, 40<g>70c.
each; medium, 70<g>90c; long wool, 90c@$l 30
each. Horsehldes. salt. $2!??2 50 for large, and
$1 5Q(3>2 for small; Colts, 25(?50c; Horsehides,
dry, $1 50iS?2 for large and $I@l 50 for small;
Colts, 25@50c.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3®3^c per rb;
No. 2, 2iS2i4c : refined, 4H@4%c: Grease, 2a
WOOL— Fall clip, San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9!&lle; free Northern,
17®18c.
Jacob Wollner's circular says: "The cloud
which hung over the wool market for the
last five or six months seems to be lifting a
little and some sunshine is appearing. Al
though the sales in this market for this week
will only amount to about 109,000 i>"iin<ls, there
Is more looking around, and by small conces
sions some large sales could be effected. The
balance of the Red Bluff wools have been Fold
at from 13c to 14c. The most Inquiry 1? fo>
foothills and Nevada wools. Two scouring
mills are In active operation and will need some
wools. The Eastern markets are reported
steady, with a good many Inquiries. Although
the sales have not been large as yet, the pros
pect! are that larger salps will be effected In
the near future, as they have been 'doubled in
the last two weeks. Wool Is stiii good prop
erty, and even If It doesn't go as high as some
holders expect it is bound to be better than
it has been In the last five or six months. The
stocks of wool In this market are* large, but if
there is an active demand it will not take long
to bring it to a normal condition. European
markets are reported steady, with active de
mand."
HOPS— IB 97 crop, 9@12%c per tt>.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs rule steady at the fair prices. The
other kinds are unchanged.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6c; choice. 6Hc; second
quality, 5%c; third quality, 4@sc per rt>. .
VEAL— Large, 4@3c; small, 6®7c per Tb.
MUTTON— 7&(gSc; Ewes, 7@7%c per
Ib.
LAMB— Spring. S@S^ic per tb.
PORK— Live Hobs, 4V*c for large, 4%(g'4i4c
for medium ami 3',4@4c for small; stock Hogs,
2®3c; dressed Hogs, oMGi&.ic. -'•'•";
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
i BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, June-July, 6*4(3)
6%c; Wool Bags, nominal; San Quentln, $4 85.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Wel
lington. *8; Southfleld Wellington. $7 50; Seat
tle, $6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend,
$7 50; Cumberland. $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in
sacks; Pennsylvania Anthracite Egg, $14; Can
nel, $10 per ton; Rock Springs and Castle Gate
$7 60; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and $14 in
sacks.
RICE — A number of small changes appear.
Chinese mixed, $4 5094 66 per ctl No.
1, $5@5 15; extra No. 1, Jo 3005 60; Hawaiian,
$6@6 12%; Japan. $5 75@6 25; Rangoon, $4 73-
Louisiana. $5 s<V7i<s 50.-
SUGAR— The- Western Sugar Refining Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6Hc: Dry
Granulated, 574 c: Confectioners' A, 5%c; Mag
nolia A. si£c: Extra C, 5%c; Golden C. sVic;
Candy Granulated, 6c; California A, s*4c per
Ib; half-barrels 'Jio more than barrels, and
boxes %c more. ' '■_
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday, June 3. ■
Flour, qr sks ... 6, Shorts, sks 375
Wheat, ctls 815 Hay, tons 176
Barley, ctls 3,690 Straw, tons 5
Oats, ctls 400 Wool, bales 220 :
Cheese, ctls 119 Quicksilver, risk. 155
Butter, ctls . 31S Leather, rolls ... 264
Beans, sks 1.886 1 Wine, gals ...... 45,700
Potatoes, ska ... 2,809 Powder, os 12 :
Onions, sks .1,153 Egrgs, doz 16,560 1
Bran, sks 1,770 Pelts, bdls 96
Middlings, sks .. 240 Hides, no ..:.... 790
OREGON. • I
Flour, qr sks ... 13,252 Shorts, sks .„.. 4,200
Wheat, . ctls 7.410 Oats, ctls 1.340 '
Barley, ctls 4,020 i Bran, sks ;. 4.753
Hay, tons 10 1 Potatoes, sks ... 4,335
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls ....... 3,6001
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Butter is rather cheaper. Eggs and Cheese
are unchanged.
Peaches. Plums and Blackberries are added
to the list of fruits. The other seasonable
fruits are in good supply, except ' Apricots,
■which are scarce this year. New Apples and
Pears have appeared in small quantities.
Meats. Poultry and Fish sell at about last
week's prices.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list: v- : : ; .' •
Coal, per ton— ':•;>:
Cannel $ ®12 Castle Gate.. .9 60®
Wellington . @10 00 3ou_thfleld
New Welling- I Wellington - — icp 9 50
ton ®1,0 00 1 Coos Bay — — 7 00
Seattle S 00@ .
Dairy Produce, etc. —
Butter, fancy, per ' (Common Eggs — <f?ls
square 40@— Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 35«?40 doz 17" >;M
Do, good 30®35 Honey Comb, per ""
Cheese, Ca1........10<n;i2 j It) 12<Efl5
Cheese, Eastern.. 15@20 Do, extracted... .i 10
Cheese. Swiss 20@30| J.,
Meats, per pound-
Bacon t 12@17 Pork, fresh VtOVt
Beef, choice.. 12015 Pork, 5a1t..... 30,31?
Do, good 81x10 Pork Chops 12615
Corned 8eef....... 8016 Round Steak,... 10W—
Ham, Cal. 124<fM5 Sirloin Steak... "i*^'-
Do. Eastern.....— @15 Porterhouse, do!.. 17020
Lard 12@15 ?moked 8eef......— <f?10
Mutton —©10 Pork Sausages — ff7"> n
Spring Lamb 12@— Veal 12715
Poultry and Game-
Hens, each 50@ 65 1 Turkeys, pr Ib 15© _
Young Roost- Ducks, each.. Me ts
ers, each 75@1 00 Geese. each...l OOffil m
Old . Roosters, Pigeons, pair. 260 SO
each. 40® 50 Rabbits, pair — 40
Fryers, each... 6n@ 75 Hare, each • <§ ™
Broilers, each. 40® 50 '•' & m
Fruifs and Nuts — ■
Apricots, : per lb.. 6@lo Limes, doz.. 1(Wf1 ,
Almond«.^lb....;..weis Oranges. doiH-.'llloiJo
Apples, 1b... 5@ 8 Peaches, per lb S
Blackberries, per - Plums, per lb ' ' "Ho
_ basket ........ Wm Raspberries. per
Bananas, doz 15@20 basket !? ... P io®i s
Currants, pr box. 40@50 Raisins, '.'...'. " s «™
Cherries, per lb.. 56 8 Strawberries ncr
Gooseberries, 1b... 3# 6 drawer ?.'.? .'. P 25«50
Lemons, doz 201,25 Walnuts, 'ib.'.'.'.'.'. fs|_f s |_
Vegetables- '-'■' v
.pS^Si 2 !|Bn^s ol^v "'-•il 2 ?
L^: d ib^::;:;;: ?,I I gsssiS- r:::::ir :::::i I 2I 2
Cabbage, each.... UlOU 10 KHdishe S VdzbchVlolr
Cauliflowers, each s^lo ?a Rt -. it,.'.. Iwtv,
Celery, bunch..... s#— Strint- B«in«*-"iK in^«-
Cress, .doz beh K ...2(W?20 Summer Sau^sh^
Cucumbers, dz. . .25*150 pTr 1 b SqUash „—,.
Green Peas, 1b.... 3^ 5 T*ymljri>" -S
Lentils, lb 6f S Turnips. ioi"""?$™
Lettuce, d0z. . . . ..15#25 romatoes, rb.'.W.'.lSlis
Fish, per pound— •
Barracuda: ........ ? |io Shrimps.. i®lo
rodLh-;::.:::::::: mil ?ea Bass... 6 t, 0
tens™ ill |i^"v:::::::::io|
Halibut ........ —,(f(— Sfc-each:::::: illo
ttf»but lap Kkates;-each:::::: SSiS
V! 1V !1 ? fish , ...-©lO romcod l<va
.Vlackerel ...;......12@- dams. ga1........_tt30
Do : Horse —^— Do. hardshell. 100. 40«50
rch ••• • • _._..lo<g- 1 Crabs, each .. . ..lO®ls
Pompano .iuc@loo Do. softshell, d0z. 25035
Rockfish ..........12@15 Mussels, qt iO«?12
Balmon, smoked.. Oysters, Cal, 100 .4. - —
Salmon, fresh... .lo@l2 Do, Eastern, d0z.25®40
Of all queer forms of language perhaps
that used by tho natives of the I'ame
roons is the queerest. It is what may be
called the drum language. For this pur
pose a peculiarly-shaped drum is used.
The surface of the head Is divided into
two unequal parts. In this way the in
strument ifs made to yield two distinct
notes. By varying the intervals between
the notes a complete code of signals for
every syllable in the iaxtgusig* is pro
duced. All the natives understand the
code, and by means of it messages can
be sent quickly from one village to an
other. The "drummer in one village sends
on to the next the signals which he hears,
and so on until the message is delivered.
| • "^TRIB C&TjT. CAI,EttI>AI«.
June, 1898. "
. Moon* Ph&seß.
■jCSk 1 BSillMoon..'
Is»/- . . Jtino i.' ■ . .;
i
.
1
8 '
U.
"a"
2
9
8
. (
' 11 .
is
v .'
Quarter.
<& ••. Jane 10.;, ■■
y^i. New Moon.
V*/ - June 18. .■ ;
n
a
-M
2i
NOTICE TO MAKINEKS.
A branch of the United States Hydrogr»phlo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange, is
malntainerUin San Francisco for the benefit oj
mariners without regard to nationality a-nd
free of expense.
■ Navigators ar*' cordially invited to visit th«
office, where complete nets, of charts and sail-
Ing directions ot thft worM are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the: latest
Information can 'always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers. to navigation and all matter*
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes befor*
noon, and is dropped at noon. 1 20 th meridian,
by .telegraphic signal received each day from
•the United States ' Naval Observatory at Mar*
Island; Cal.
A notice stating whether the tlmeball wm
j dropped oh time or giving the error. If any, is
published the same day hy tho afternoon paper*,
and by the mornlnp papers the fo-lowlng day.
C. P. WELCH, Ensign. U. S. N.. in charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
. Waters at Fort Point, entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent. • ' ■ • .
NOTE.— The high and. low-waters occur at
the city front "(Mission-street, wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Port Point!
the height of tide is the same at both places. ■
JUNE— IS 93. ■■;.;-.: "'"
Saturday, June 4. , : ':..•■. .'! ;
too rises ..^. ........ :...~,.... i'.il .
Sun tets , 1..;.. »■...;.. .....T:2S
Moon rises ............... ......giM p. in.
it W
Feet|™2l
. ! H V?
L VV:
|PMt
.1
41 5:u7! — I.;'! «;8U
6 S:M —1.41 1:21
6 C:45 —1.3 1 2:11
H VV ' It. W
7 0:l>. 6 9 7:3.--
8 1:17 s.i 8:25
9| 2:24 5.1 9:16
.. 4.M 4:,)0i . 3LIMO;SS
Ml 5:24 ■ 3.21 ll:2«
4.51 -6:°? • 8.31.. . i::.
' H W .: IL W
-1.1 3:00 i.7 7:27
—0.7 8:47 49 B:4D
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tide*
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of th« ••
day In the order of occurrence as -o time. ! Th»
Fer-ond .time column elves- the second tide of
the day, the third time column! the. third tld»
and the last or right hand, 'column' rtyes th*
last tide of the day, except when- there are but
when a minus sign . (— ) precedes th» .height.
given are additions to the soundings on th»'
United States CoaSt Survey charts, Except
when a minu sign (—)( — ) precedes, the helghth,
and then the number given Is subtracted from
the depth given by the charts, i The plane of
reference is the mean of the lower, low waters. ;
6TKAMIOHS TO AHRHB.
Stea mjer.
urm» Nanaim0. ........... Jne
rißtol Comoi ■;«•.../...•. ' Jne
oos Bar Newport. ;...,..,.... Jne •
[acklnaw...:. Tacoma »..*.... .Tne
imp1re. ........ Coos Bar.. ". ..' Jne
rizaba ... Humooldt ............ Jne
!nator '..%.. Pup et 50und..............' Jn«
tate ot Cai Poruana . . •'.• Jne ■
ityPuebia... Victoria & Pujret Sound.'. Jne \
o'Tiona Snn Dlepo ". Jne •
n1Pncia. ....... | Alaska • Jne
umholdt iDyea.. ...• '..; Jne
rescent-Clt*.. Crescent Cltv .. , . Jne
elgic....: China and Japan;........- Jne
ity of Para.... j Panama. ...,..; , Jhe
tomer NewDOrt..'. ~* jjne
.rcaia ) Coos 8ay..., : Ijne
hilkat.. , .. Eel River.... Jrie .
Fashtenaw...".. Tacoma. Jne
■rPE-oii ...... ■ Portland :. IJne
rortn Fort... I ttumooldt IJne
nnt.i Rosa. . . . i Pan Diero.. \ Jne 1
'niton | Portland .... ■ v ..' Jne 1
Walla.-... Victoria &Pueet Sound.. Jne 1
'Oiumma | Portiana ' Jne 1
uracao :. Mexico..: -.'. Jne 1
Jne
.Tn«
Jne
fne
Fn« •
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
I Desttx.
i'!»|
SaiU.
Chs-Nelson St Michael.... June 4. . . | Pier 3
Chlikat... 1 Hum bold June 4. 2pm Pier 13
Sania Rosa | S.in Diego ... June 4.11 am Pier 11
GrceDollar Alaska.* June 4, 2PM ! Pier 2
Columbia.. Portland. .... Jans • to am I Pier 12 '
Umatllla., . Vie & P<?t Sna June 5. iOAMJr-ier «
Morgan Cy. St. Michael... June 6. 4 pm Pier —
Coot uav.. ■ Newport Tune K. V am j Pier lli
Orizaba.. ...'Humool'U .... June 7. 10 A »i Pier' W
Slate nt Cai ! Portland June 8. 10 am I -Pl«r i f.
San Bias... Panama I June 8. li Al PM S3'
I'omoaa.'.... San Diesro June 8. 11 Ait Pie.- it
Homer Newport. .... [June 10.. 9 am Pier 11
Arc-iti Coon Bay 'Jni\elO. 4 pm Pier Is
Humboldt.. Alaska... [June.lo ....„ ....
Prof Morse ' Alaska.. June 10. ....:. :
Puebla | Vie \. Pst Sna June 10, 10 am Pier 9
St. Paul (Alaska.., — . June 11, ........
Orefrou [Portlam..:... June 11. 10 am Pier 12
Nortn Fork I Humboldt .... June IS. 9am Pier 3
THE TIME BALL.
Branch HydrographAc Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants'. Exchange, San Francisco. June
.■(. 1898.
The time ball on .Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— l. c., at noori of tho
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. . C. P. WELCH.
Ensign. U. P. N\, in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
akriv. :d.
Friday, June S.
Stmr'Co'.umb'a. Gi da 5" l = hours from Pert-"'
land, via Astoria 42 1 ,-. hours.
Austrian srmr Burma, Mlkulicicli, 4V«'daya
from Nar.aimn. ' ..'..-.
?trrr Centennial. Whitney, 76 hours- from '■
Seattle. " • : .- '
Btmr Sequela, Thwine. 15% hou.r3. from' Fort:
Bragg " \ : • . ■ .
Haw ship John Ena, "Madsen, -71 days .from ■
Newcastle, NSW. • - . .-,-.-
Bark Tidal Wave. Wirkbertr. IT- days •' from' '
.TacVirria. via Port -T-owiiEend IS days. •. -.
Schr Maxim, Olsen, 27 hours ■ from ■ Caspar. ..
f?ehp . Ab'ble, H-anscn. 27 hours from Caspar-
Landing. •' • ' " . ..'-..'
Schr S r»aniPl,«i»r., Hansen, 21 hours from Al
bion. . ' ■ •■.--.-■
Schr X C Wright. 'Olsen, 30 days from Dutch •
Harbor, via WOOH Island, Kadiak. 18- days.
Schr Joseph -and .Henry; Arff, 5 days, form
Coquille River. ■ ' ' ■ ■ • ■..•:.•.
EchrJames A Garfleid.. Lewis,'. 10 days" from
South Bend.. . . . '.. ' . : ■' . ■■"
cleared. . .-■. ••'• ./'.'. •; • ■
.Friday, Jun>. &..■■ . ■
Stmr Mlneola, David, ' Comox; Pacific ".Imp ;
Co. . ■ •- . ■..•■■" ' '. ■ • ' • •
' Stmr- Santa -Rosa,' Alexander, Sari Diego; ■• •
Goodall. Perkins & Co. .'..■" •••:.■•.• ••
Bark Mohican, Sa.unders, Honolulu;- Welch/ : •
& Co. • ■ ■ ' •■ ■' ' ■ ..:•• ■.-.;• •.: ..
Br bark Edny fed. Jones, Queenstowri: Bai- '.
four, Guthrie & On. . .- .■ ■ ... '; ■'. ." :' '
'-: : -" . • SAILEt). .-. :'■ ■ ':'.-"" , : ■ . ■ ':'■
■ •. Friday. . June 3.  ' :
Stmr Sunol, Dettmers.' .■• ' . •" .' ■ .'; • >.'
Stmr Hueneme, Johns.on, Eureka with' barg* ••
in tow. ' . '■■•■.. '
Stmr North Fork. Bash-. Eureka. :•. ■■.'.. ' ■':'-
Stmr Gipsy, Iceland. Santa Cruz. ■•'•
Stmr Cleone, Hisrgins,\Albion; .• ■ ■ •■••
Stmr Arcata. Reed. Coos Bay. .. .' • r. v -V
• Stmr Willamette, Hanseh. Seattle. ■ •..■ '-
Bark Mohican. Saunders. Honolulu. .. ■•' .•■.■■':
Schr-Melancthon." Belte'sen'; Columbia River. '
Schr Corinthian, : Korth. Bihlers Point. ■. . .• .: ■ r
. . • TELEGRAPHIC. • •. . : • •
POINT LOBOS-.-Jiine 13— *p. m..— Weather, :
hazy; wind. W; velocity., \n miles. = •:-. . . ...
CHARTERS. :•' . :'-. ' : '.;■. •'•■;
The C .D • Bryant loads m'dse. for Honolulu J ': :;
ship Roanoke, : 'mds€.. for New York. • . . ; : •; .;
SPOKEN. :' • • ■ : • •■..■•.-.■"■ .:■
May 29— Lat 49 N. lonj?;' SO ■W. Br ship Ver- :
bena.' from -Oregon, fer'QueeirstoWn. , • -. • ■ .;• :
May 29— Lat 49 N. h>ng 30 V> .. Br bark Inver- .
may. hence- Dee 2«. tor o'ieenstown. ;. : • ;;• • .-. ";
.• MISCELLANEQUg.'.- ■•..■.:'.:.•.
The wreck of ' tlie:shtp. New; York wu sol« .
to-day at auction to.Geoiye Roeth for 1310. • ' -j
' " ..DOMESTIC • PORTS. I. :';."_
TACOMA— Sailed June. 3— Schr Lena • Swea*ey . . '.;
SAN PEDRO— Arrived June Lucy, fm : "
U Sailed june'-S-Stirir- : Newsboy, for — . • ■.': ■■•.-
ii >RT— Arrived. June 3.— Stmr ScotU,, '
h^nce June 2. . * . " ■ .'...•.'■
PORT K-F.LEY . — . Arrived -June 2— Bark •■• ■
Hesper. hence May 19- ■ .■" • ; •■ ."' " ; •: :
T \TOOSH— Passed Jane 3-rNor jstmr Tltanla, : ■
hence May 31. Tor S'anaimp'..  •.• . •■ ■ ■ .
NEWPORT— SaiIed . June 3— Stmr.". CoquUla ■
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived June —^Schr C
T Hill, from Ventura, June 3^-Schr'Nerma, fm
Amapala. ■ '■'•-" ''.'■' '■'.■• '. ' ■•■ - '•:.."
Sailed June. 2— Schr . Joh.n F Miljer, j for •' San : 1
Francisco. • . • ■ ■ ■•■■.' . ■ '. . -j"
PORT BLAKELEY— Arrived-. June : 3— Schr *:
Robert Lewers, hence May 2*; schr -Ivy, h'enca 2
May a. .■••.- :•' .•■■•■. : '
TATOOSH-Passe'd Junp-3— S.tinr . Walla Walla- *- ;3; 3
hence May 31,. for .Victoria; strnr -Washten'aw,: 5'
hence May 31. for Tacoma.. : '■ .' '-.'.■■ • a
DEPARTURE BAY— Sailed. June 3^-Ship - El- j"
well, for St Miohael. -• . v . .'• • .:.' I
FORT ROSS— Arrived. June 3— Schr La' Chil- 3 '
ena, hence June. 1. •■•.'■_ ... " . V - <
• •'. EASTERN -PORTS. • .. : ' • ■ I
NEW YORK— June 2—Stmt Advance,' i
from Colon. ■•■ .. ''..-'■ -. :
.FOREIGN 1 PORTS; ■.:.••.. )W/
VANCOUVER— SaiIed June . 3— Ship. M 'r>M 4~4 ~
Grace, for Sydney. ' . .-••••. *mi
EAST . LONDON— Arrived April 28^.8r hark '
Aethelberht. from Portland., and not as- before^i
reported. . • - . . .:.••..■
HAVRE — Arrived June .2— Br ship Heath- ll
bank, hence Jan li; . * . . '•}■;■■'.::'■ . • 1
ST. VlNCENT— Arrjved Jun-e 1-pr.«m Comr Jl
monwealth, from Portland- . and .proceeded '■■
Havre. • ••• ' •■• . ' ;.•..'. ™»
LIVERPOOL-^Saiied- May. Ship "Shehan- ST
doah, for New York. . V . : . • ,• *.".-% &
PORT f PlßlE^Sailed:;Ap-ra;i3-BarK Colusa, : .'
' QUEENSTOWN-^Sailed -June ; I— Br : ghlni
Fllatshlre, for punklrk. .- .* ' •_. J*T maxa >!THE JURORS
WERE TOLD
TO ACQUIT
Speedy Ending of the
Bribery Trial.
HARRY THOMAS IS FREE
TO BORROW IS BAD TASTE BUT
NOT A CRIME.
The Grand Jury Indictment Had No
Weight Because the Mayor
: . . ; Was Not Connected
'■■ I '■ With It.
■ • •;• - Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
■';!: •' •■;■■.-■ 90S Broadway, June 3.
■ ■ "Without any trial Harry Thomas, sec
retary .'.of -.the Board of Works, was ac-
Qulttl?d.;.thSs afternoon on the charge of
..subornation of perjury preferred against
'.. htm by indictments of the Grand Jury.
! 'The .circumstances of the case nave ;
t>e.ea fully..- exploited. It was alleged that
some. .months' ago Harry Thomas sent a
■fwite'.)to; : Officer Ilammerton by Robert
Mi : 'K>r.zij\";i^king -the officer to loan or |
o l)t;M !V;' ; 's']'! iQ "to .help him (Thomas) out of
a hole: MvK-enzle went before the Grand
Jury : aiyd-f\s;iiicd that he did not take the
note. ;to> Ilammerton. Subsequently he
a£j&lh?\ten\t before that body, contradicted
Xli former .testimony and said that his
■l.irst .-H'qrj: ■■ was told at the Instigation of
Harry Thomas. For this alleged suborna
tion,of perjury Thomas was indicted.
... A /day -and- a haif. was consumed in ob
talriihg 1 a/jury,' and about the same num
ber:6f.;.ho.tit.s in disposing of the case. The
' liresvcytion -placed Major Wood on the
"etajid;~t;b'--,tell of the testimony given be
fore the. ■irund Jury, of which he was a
■ .jntrjriiiyxl'- ■-.■After a few preliminary ques- j
tions, he\w,as asked the following:
.' ''Stat,'e'Hn what substance was the testi- j
inqny; given, by the witness, Robert Me
' iKenziV',- I'l'efo're- the i rrana Jury then in
session,- anil- -investigating this charge of i
bribery- which you have mentioned?"'
: - it appeared- that the case of irlbery un- ;
j der Investigation by the Grand Jury was
. thai 'l;f Mayor Thomas, and not his son.
The question was immediately objected to ■
by ey.Nusbaumer on all kinds of I
grounds, but mostly on the ground that
Harry Thomas was not under investiga- I
tion at the time, and that consequently
. any evidence connecting tiarry Thomas,
C-.cer Hammerton and Robert McKenzie
■was -not material to the case under con
" t-ddefation; and that therefore no perjury
was ;• committed, and consequently there
■ -was no subornation of perjury.
Some lengthy argument followed, and
finally the court took a recess, and on its ]
return Judge. Ellsworth said:
"Any evidence not connecting Mayor ;
Thomas- with -the case is certainly not
material; ahd therefore perjury could not
be; 'committed under the circumstances
■ ■which the prosecution has outlined.
. •The tacit that Harry Thomas borrowed
money'; from prospective police officers ap
pears, to be admitted. he fact that his
father's Dame was on the notes ..en as
security for. these loans is also In e\l
.deuce. ' But there is not any evidence b^
yond; that of suspicion or inference W ;
. show that these notes were given for any |
■other than a. 'thoroughly legitimate trans
action. • The prosecution states that it
cann/pt . produce proof that the $200 ob
■taJned from Peter Garrity and the 5200
obtained from J. W. Kessler were given
as bribes, and that the money was not to
be returned should these men be appoint- i
ed on. the police force. It is true that it ;
..is a suspicious circumstance that these *
loans were made while the men were can- |
didates,' and that they were returned af
; ,ter the men had failed to receive posi
tions. The inference from this is that the
money was not to be handed back should
the Board of Works appoint them to the
police force, and the further inference !
may be that Harry Thomas was negotiat- j
ing the loans jointly with his father, tne |
Mayor, for the purpose of sharing the
proceeds with his father in return tor
his father's vote. These statements, I
however, are mere inferences and sur
mises, and cannot in law be said to con
nect Mayor Thomas with any of tho I
transactions of his son. On the face of j
these notes they are ordinary transac- |
tions in good faith. Consequently the |
prosecution, having no further evidence i
than' that which it has outlined, cannot j
connect the transactions of Harry Thomas
with his father.
"The case of alleged perjury by Robert |
McKenzie therefore falls to the ground. !
. He was not testifying to anything that ;
' would have been admitted as material '
evidence in a charge brought against the j
■ Mayor, presuming he were on trial, and
therefore, whether McKenzie swore false
ly or not. he was not, according to the
statutes, committing perjury.
• "it may have been and perhaps was ex
- ccedingly bad taste on the part of the
Mayor and his son to execute notes as
guarantees for loans with people who i
were, seeking patronage partly controlled
• by the Mayor, but this is a matter which i
the law does not control. Under these j
circumstances the objection of the de- |
fense will be sustained."
The . prosecution stated that they had
ho more evidence to offer, as in cases of
this kind the tracks of the alleged crimes
. were always carefully covered up, mak
ing it impossible for the people to pro
duce the proper witnesses to prove their
case. • Deputy District Attorney A. A.
. Moore Jr. thereupon submitted the case
to the court, and the defendant's counsel,
M. C. Chapman and Judge Nusbaumer,
asked the court to instruct the jury to
. acquit. Judge Ellsworth submitted the
- case to' the Jury with a few oral instruc
tions, that there was no evidence to con
. " yict' Harry Thomas, and that under the
law he must be acquitted.
THE PASTOB'S LEAGUE.
• Addressed by Rev. Campbell Coyle,
'..•, Their Pastor's Brother.
: : \ OAKLAND, June Rev. Campbell
•■=. C.oJ r :le, formerly associate pastor of the
. First; -Presbyterian Church of this city,
..■'.bVt.now of Toledo, Ohio, addressed the
•• Pastor/ League -last evening. Refresh
v ments .were served afterward.
. • • The following form the newly appointed
• ; . committees of this league:
. ' ■ ■■ Programme committee Colonel George C. Ed
•V wards. John TV Bell, Irving C. Lewis.
/ .Sick -committee— C. W. Armes, Irwln Ayreß,
.. ■- Anson Ijar-stow.
1 . ■M*rrib?r'"t'.!i> committee — H. Quinn,
' : Vl L, Fprtjn, William J. Ijaymance.
.'■'■• Attendance committee — George D. Gray, Wil
lis ;-..' Fry.- W. M. Upton.
'■'■': -Development committee — D. Edward Collins,
j Profe'ssojr. W. ..1. .1 Raymond, F. S. Page.
• ' iPastofts committee— George D. Gray, William
• : ti. Quinn. Alex Martin.
. .• -Publishing committee — William M. Friend,
■ . JpTin M.' Forsyth, W. M. Gardiner.
"•■ '. iFlhancis- committee — Charles. M. Cooke, C. W.
• - Carmdny, James P. .Taylor.
I •■Recept4on committee— Dr. L. R. Webster, C.
• ". W. Hopkins, Dr. G. E. Brlnckerhoft.
: : •' Atnttatlon Commlttee-Dr. W. F. B. Wake
. fi?ldL J. .A.Coiquhoun.
:"■'■■ . .:■ Oakland News Items.
: '- : .'IoAkLAND. June 3.— The City Council
I ■cdrh-mlttce decided unanimously to recom
. mend' lh'« permit for the erection of a
•■-.Biioday mill last night, despite the protest
■ "oil" surrounding property-holders.
. ; i^-wis: W. Taylor, a pioneer architect,
. ■ : - dljed' this morning at his home, 668 Nlne
• •to^P'th'-street. lie had been sick but two
'mjonfths- He leaves a widow and four
• dauftrite'rs. In 1861 he was a mail-carrier
". in the" mines. . .
".- .!' Patriotic School Children.
-' OAKLAND, June 3.— The closing exer
"■•■•clses" of the Lincoln Grammar School
• were- marked to-day by special patriot
• Ism-.. 'The songs, recitations and music
were all of a patriot!'"/ character. Misses
• Mabei and Hazel Rolj©rtß, two little girls,
• 'were enthusiastically applauded In their
> vrical'duet. -At the close of school the
•' p,yplls": congregated .In the yard and
•ctfeered: lustily for Howard -Lamton.-one
". of, the graduating class, who has just
. raised -the- necessary examination and
• been JwiceDted as an apprentice in the
teM .-'-«■■
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
UNDER A PINK AND WHITE WEDDING BELL
Nuptials of Miss Elisa Hildebrand and Robert A, Lauenstein of Alameda,
ALAMEDA, June S.— The marrla ge of Miss Elisa Hildebrand, youngest daughter of the late Conrad Hildebrand,
and Robert A. Lauenstein. youngest son of Mrs. C. Lauenstein of Alameda, took place on Thursday at high noon, In
the beautiful home of the groom's mother in Alameda.
Owing to the groom's mother being an invalid, the wedding was a quiet home affair, only the relatives and Inti
mate friends being present. The ceremony took place in the drawing-room, which was beautifully decorated with
smilax. La France and La Marque roses. In one of the arched windows hung a beautiful, large wedding bell of
pink and white roses. The bridal party formed in the reception-room, and was led by Miss Rose M. Zeile, the brides
maid, followed by the bride, leaning on the arm of her uncle, J. Hildebrand. They were met under the wedding
bell by the groom and his best man, Albert Wlss«L
The bride, a petite blonde, looked charming In her dainty gown of white organdie over white silk. Her
corsage was profusely trimmed with delicate ruffles of chiffon. Orange blossoms were entwined in the coils of her
hair. She. caxried a beautiful bouquet of Bride roses, tied with a long bow of white satin ribbon. The gown of
the bridesmaid was white organdie over light blue 6ilk, and was trimmed with blue satin ribbon and ruffles of the
organdie. She carried a beautiful bouquet of pink roses.
After the ceremony, which was performed by Rev. Pastor Buehler of the German Lutheran Church, the guests
retired to the banquet-room, where a bounteous wedding breakfast was delicately served. The table was profusely,
decorated with sweet peas and maiden-hair ferns.
At half-past 5, amid the cheers and good wishes of their guesta, Mr. and Mrs. Robert Lauenstein left for Del
Monte, where they will spend two weeks. On their return they will reside with the groom's mother, Mrs. C. Lauenstein,
in Alameda.
United States navy. He leaves to-morrow
morning for the training-ship Pensacola.
BUNDLE OF BANDAGES.
Shipments to San Francisco to Be
Made To-Day by the Red Cross
Society.
OAKLAND. June 3.— The Red Cross So
i ciety will ship 3000 abdominal bandages
j to San Francisco to-morrow, 1900 comfort
! bags and five dozen denim pillow-slips for
i the hospital corps. They had 1700 ban
! dages on the first Manila expedition, and
will make more if needed.
The financial secretary announces
|4GOQ 96 collected up to date. There are
i several benefits to-night, and the school
children's donation of $344 S" will run over
the 16000 mark.
Deviled ham sandwiches are not wanted
any longer. Several severe cases of poi
soning have resulted from their use,
hence they will not be served any more.
The boys and girls attending the Lin
coln Grammar School have sold over $M
worth of R^d Cross buttons during the
; past two weeks. Miss Marion Walsh, the
' vice president of the Junior Society, hay
' ing sold the largest number— 3s.
Victor Holmes' Body Recovered.
OAKLAND. June 3.— The body of Vic
tor Holmes was found at 5 o'clock this
morning by Charles Wilson, who. with
others, had been searching for it all night.
As they were coming in Wilson, who
was behind the rest, saw what he sup
posed to be a stick of drift wood on the
shore near the narrow-gauge wharf. He
rode over to it and was rewarded by find
ing the missing man. Holmes was
knocked off the Thelma last Sunday night
by a boom. vis mother and two sis
ters from San Francisco called at the
Morgue this afternoon and made arrange
ments to remove the body to-morrow.
The inquest to-night developed nothing
new.
Filed Incorporation Papers.
OAKLAND, June 3.— Articles of consol
idation, amalgamation and incorporation
of the Southern Pacific Railroad Com
pany, the Northern California Railway
Company and the California Pacific Rail
road Company were filed with the County
Clerk to-day. The original articles were
filed with the Secretary of State on April
12. The roads affected consist of fifty
three pieces, or 4535 miles of track. The
capital stock is $129,455,000, and the direc
tors are the same as those of the South
ern Pacific Company.
Took Morphine.
OAKLAND, June 3.— John Peterson, a
Road Supervisor of Cowllta County,
Wash., is at the Receiving Hospital in
an unconscious condition from morphine.
He came from Washington yesterday to
visit a sister whom he says resides in
this city, and last night he went to the
Overland House. As he had not waked
at 4 o'clock this afternoon his room was
forced and Peterson was found dazed. He
speedily revived, but this evening he was
found unconscious on the sidewalk and
was taken to the hospital. At midnight
he was still unconscious, but the doctors
think he will recover.
Junior County Convention.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The quarterly con
vention f 'f the Alameda County Junior
Christian Endeavor Union will be held in
the Congregational church, Haywards,
Saturday afternoon, beginning at 2
o'clock. The representatives from Ala
merta, Berkeley and Oakland will leave
Broadway and Thirteenth street at 12:30.
A fine programme has been arranged,
after which the boys and girls will be
given refreshments.
Death of a Diver.
OAKLAND. June 3.— Henry Lnugee, a
famous deep sea diver, known all over
the world, died this morning after a long
Illness. He was a native of Vermont, 67
years of age, and has been down in al
most every port on the Pacific Coast and
many of the Atlantic. He has been an
inmate of the Fabiola Hospital for near
ly a year. The deceased leaves a widow
and one daughter, Miss Gertrude, a well
known musician.
Populist County Convention.
OAKLAND, June 3.— The county con
vention of the People's party has been
called for Juno 29. It will meet at 10 a. m.
on that day and select twenty delegates
to attend the State Convention in Sacra
mento on July 12. a new county committee
and three members for the State com
mittee. Primaries will be held on June
27, from 7:30 to 9:30 p. m.
Company G Annual Election.
ALAMKDA. June 3.— The annual meet
ing and election of officers of Company O
was held last evening. Frank E. Brown
ing was elected secretary, and the follow
ing committees were elected: Armory
committee, F. S. Crandall. A. F. Huff. J.
EC Hndley; finance committee, J. Henri
Wittich, J. M. Masten, Benjamin Elliott;
range committee, J. M. Masten, George
Wulzen, August Born. E. R. McDonell;
recruiting ccmmlttee, H. E. Harvey, A.
F. Huff and William Hardman. The
monthly target practice will be held on
Sunday morning at the High-street range.
Massachusetts claims to have more dif
fe ent kinds of native trees than any
kingdom in Europe, the number exceed
ing 50, among them being nine large oaks.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
FIRST GUN OF
THE CAMPAIGN
Youngr Republicans Rally
to the Flag.
ENTHUSIASM WAS RIFE
IT IS AGREED THAT GREAT
PRINCIPLES ARE NEEDED.
Eloquent Addresses by George W.
Reed, Tirey L. Ford, A. L. Frick,
J. W. Stetson and Other
Patriotic Citizens.
OAKLAND, June 3.— Political enthusi
asm, which has lain dormant since No
vember, 1896, was revived to-night, when
Alameda County opened the Republican
campaign. Though early for active poli
tics, and although the beautiful summer
night offered more comfort than a
crowded hall, there was a good attend
ance, and the first gun was well fired.
There was plenty of enthusiasm, and the
Republicans of the banner county took
every occasion to vent it.
The rally was called by th"c Young Mfn's
Republican League of Alameda County,
and it was essentially a young men's
night. A delegation from the league,
headed by a military band, met Hon.
Tlrey L. Ford at the train and escorted
him to Hamilton Hall, and when the par
ade was over every one in the heart of the
city was aware that the Republicans had
begun the battle of 189 S.
The league yell was given at every
street corner, and the league set a prece
dent for future meetings and paraaes by
appointing a special committee on yells.
It consisted of W. Nat Friend, J. W.
Stetson, Ben Woolner, Teddy Joste and
Cal Ewing.
This committee headed the parade and
sat in the front row of the hall, and had
they been matched against a band of
Comanches the red men would have paled
with fright and verdant from envy.
President Breed of the league opened the
proceedings, and between the yells was
able to announce that Hon. F. B. Ogden
would preside.
After some introductory remarks George
W. Reed was presented as the first
speaker. Mr. Reed referred to the promi
nence that young men had always attain
ed in the councils of the Republican
party, and complimented the league on
the thorough manner in which It had ar
ranged to tire the signal gun of the cam
paign.
After a reference to the war the
speaker stated that no one can tell at
this time what may be the future Issues
before the great political party of the
country. Though there can be no doubt
us to the result of the conflict with Spain,
other questions would arise which would
be new to American statesmanship, but
with which he felt assured the soldier
President will be able to cope to the en
tire satisfaction of the nation.
Hon. Tirey L. Ford said he could under
stand better, after seeing the Young
Mens' Republican League, how Alameda
County managed to roll up such good ma
jorities for the party.
"Now it is easy," said he, "to see how
it is done. A thorough organization of
young men can accomplish anything, and
certainly such a league preaching and
pnn-ticing Republicanism, as I under
stand you do, in all sections of this
county, cannot fail to exert a wonderful
influence. There are times in which prin
ciple is called for. Vacillating policies
and clouded issues are not wanted and
presage no good. Free silver and simi
lar questions are of little moment now.
The Union demands the exorcise of those
principles that saved it over thirty years
ago, and which alone can preserve its
salvation— the great principles of the Re
publican party."
A. L. Frick. Ben Woolner, J. W. Stet
son, James Oliver and Frank M. Parcells
made speeches and the meeting broke up
cheering for everything Republican that
was suggested. .
BANDAGES FINISHED.
The Work of the Red Cross Society
Progressing.
BERKELEY, June 3.— The headquar
ters of the Berkeley branch of the Red
Cross Society are filled every day with
ladies busily engaged In making bandages
for the soldiers. Through the generosity
of several prominent citizens the work
ing-room has been supplied with tables
and chairs, and a telephone is to be put
in shortly. By to-morrow morning a
Bbipment of 800 abdominal bandages will
be ready to go to San Francisco. They
are for the use of the troops who are ex
pected to leave next Tuesday morning.
Subscriptions and donations are being
received daily. A large pile of books and
magazines is" waiting at the headquarters
to be sent away.
Monry contributions are all recorded in
the treasurer's book. By far the most
come from tho proceeds of the concert
given this afternoon by the Misses Heine
at the residence of Mrs. Clinton Day, on
Bancroft way. The concert was very
largely attended by the society people of
Berkeley, and the "ladies in charge expect
to realize from $80 to $100 upon it. This
is to be used at once for buying supplies,
from which bandages and other necessary
things are to be made.
-. ♦ .
BLIND MUSICIANS PLAY.
Annual Concert at the Institution for
the Deaf and Dumb and
Blind.
BERKELEY, June 3.— The blind pupils
of the State Institution for the Deaf and
Dumb and the Blind appeared in the role
of musicians to-night before a large au
dience in the Assembly Hall of the in
stitution. With an excellent technique.
and expression they went through a
long programme of twelve pieces. The
concert was under the direction of Otto
Flelssner, director of music at the insti
tution. Two of the selections, the over
ture to "Martha," an organ solo, and
"Tannhauser March," sung in chorus,
had been especially arranged by him.
The programme included the following;
Chorus. "The Spa Hath Its Pearls" (I'lnsuti) ;
organ solo, "Melody" (Scotson ciark). Miss
Helen Meaow; piano solo, "Petite HolPro,"
Op. '2 (Havina). Charles CaeorPs; barytone
solo. "A Bandit's Lit> la the Life for' Me"
(Harper), William Brooks; piano solo, "Soiree
tie Vienna" (Schubert-Liszt). Miss Gussie
Must: organ solo, overture, "Martha" (Flotow),
Miss Lily Smith: piano solo, "Etude Arabes
que" (Lnck). Mlffl Ilelfn Meaow; soprano
8010, "Oh! Mle Fedell!" (RelHnl). Miss GusHle
Mast; organ solo, "For Holy Communion"
(Calkin). Kben Gay: piano solo. "Rondo," <>p
1 (Chopin), Mis.« Lily Smith: orpan solo, "Fan
tarlp in E minor" (Markel), Miss Gusßie Mast;
chorus. "Tannhauser March" (Wagner).
Senior Class Ball.
BERKELEY, June 3.— The senior class
of the Berkeley High School held Its com
mencement ball to-nitjht in Shattuek
Hall. The decorations were In red, white
and blue, intermixed with the school and
ci;isß colors. Following are the names of
the members of the committee: Agnes
Forgie, Elsie Hunt. Kitty Keys, Tyrell
Hamlin, Henry Spencer, Hewitt Daven
port, n. L. Springer and Ernest Clark; on
;irranerf-mr'nts: Bessie Simpson, Annie
M<i have, Edna Ryder, Hewitt Daven
port, H. H. Maedonald and Henry H.
Johnson, for receiving, with Russell S.
Springer Hour manager.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY June 3.-Mrs. Hlggins and
Mrs. Bockelma.nn, the two women ar
rested in Liorin last Wednesday night on
charges of selling liquor without a li
cense, were released to-day on bonds
given by John (fielder and Frank Bishop.
B. W. Cady of Berkeley has llled a pe
tition of insolvency. His liabilities
amount to $416 20, with no assets to cover
them.
The Berkeley Volunteer Company, un
der Captain J. G. Jessup, assembled on
the university campus to-nigrht and drilled
in the moonlight. Captain Jessup intends
to use tht campus in this way until his
company is called to the front.
News was received here to-day of the
death of Samuel Harding, a resident of
Berkeley. Mr. Harding died in Marys
ville, and his wife and family left for
there to-day to attend the funeral.
J. T. Richards of Dwlght way was ar
rested last night by DeputySherlff George
Woodsum. He was walking down Dwight
way flourishing a pistol, when he mot
Woodsum, who, with the help of Frank
Esmond, forced the pistol away and took
him to the County Jail.
Alameda News Items.
ALAMEDA, June 3.— California Council
No. 24, Y. M. 1., will assist at the church
fair to be given for the benefit of the new
St. Joseph's Church In the near future.
The council will have charge of a booth.
The following committee of arrange
ments has been appointed: W. J. Mc-
Gee, H. C. Gallagher, P. A. Kearney, G.
H. Kurkhardt and T. C. Coughlin.
The cases of the people vs. Sumner
Davis, charged with disturbing the peace
and burglary, came up before Justice
Morris this afternoon and were dismissed.
The cases were transferred from Justice
Lawrence's court in East Oakland.
The Young Men's Club of the Presby
terian church met last night and adopted
a new constitution. At the next meeting
W. Barber will road a paper on "Alloys.
He will be assisted by Dr. Hughes, who
will do the demonstrating.
Alameda Red Croc- Society.
ALAMEDA, June 3.— The Red Cross So
ciety of this city is doing excellent work
in the matter of collecting donations and
sewing bandages. The society has been
ably assisted by the citizens and the
school children. The society has its head
quarters at 1417 Park street, where the
ladies are busily engaged making ban
dages.
OLD CAPTAIN
BADGER'S WOE
Wants to Die Before He
Is Quite a Pauper.
ONCE A WEALTHY OWNER.
PLEADS FOB SOME DELAY IN
STREET IMPROVEMENTS.
Offers to Sell His Property to the
Council at Figures That
Are Remarkably
Small.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, June 3.
Captain Badger, a pioneer of East Oak
land, who was once wealthy, but Is now
poor, told the Street Committee at the
City Council a pitiful story last night.
Years ago Captain Badger was one of the
leading capitalists and land owners of
this city. lie owned the first large publ.'c
pleasure resort in Oakland, and every on>j
of the last generation knew of Badger's
Park.
His property was mostly located in the
old section of Oakland known as Clinton,
and while the big city west of that dis
trict has been rapidly growing and tn
creasing in value, Captain Badger's
property has been more and more de
serted, and its value has decreased.
There is now a proposition before the
Council to construct East Tenth street,
from Seventh to Ninth avenue. The
greater part of the cost of this work will
fall on the capitalist of the park, and last
night he made an earnest protest against
it. "If this work goeß over for a year,"
said the captain, "I shall not trouble you
any longer, for I realize that I have not
that long to live. However, I do not wish
to sit still and be robbed. When I came
here a generation ago I was a rich man.
I paid $50,000 for property in East Oak
land and owned half-a-dozen ships. To
day I can't pay my passage out of town.
The people who are now making the trou
ble must have come out of a bandbox,
because they are objecting to a little dust
arising from the carts as they pass over
the street with material for East Twelfth
street. I like nice things, too. But times
are too hard. I used to wear fine clothes,
but the other day I paid $12 for a suit,
and I had to rustle to get hold of the
money. I will sell my property there
to-day for $6 a foot, and if any member
of this Council thinks that is a snap, I
will hold the offer good for twenty-four
hours after the adjournment of this
meeting."
Captain Badger then went on to say
that in times of war it Is unreasonable to
saddle unnecessary improvements on a
property-owner struggling with poverty.
Gentlemen," he said, "I have paid $700
annually in taxes for thirty years, and
now when I am about to die a natural
death a tenderfoot comes out of a band
box and tries to break me up. Let this
thing go over for a year because by then
I shall be out of the way."
The whole matter was' referred back to
the whole Council for more consideration.
Deserted Her Mother.
OAKLAND, June 3.— Mrs. J. Harney ac
cuses Sidney Trowhrldge with spiriting
her daughter away. He does not deny
the charge, but as she Is "of age he
does not fear any trouble. Mrs. Harney
appealed to the police to return the girl,
but they are powerless to act, as she Is
of sufficient age to act for herself.
ADVERTISEMENTS^
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOB
CONSTIPATION,
i DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Watsrs." Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." hritishSltdicalJournaX
CAUTION: See Mat the label bean the signa-
ture of the firm.
Andreas Saxlehnor.
00000000000000 O
S w PALACE **°S
g C/? A DID hotels g
o SAN FRANCISCO. q
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Att^ohsd. ®
O mm Ujrora Otre MAXAOKI^t O
O NOTE THE PRICES: Q
O European Plan. Sl. 00 per day and upward r*
v American Plan. S3. OO per day and up war J w
C Correspondence Snltclted. O
O JOHN C SIBKFATSICK, Mtnapr. Q
q OO OOOOOOOOOOOQ
WVWVVVVVWWVVWVVWWVVW{
J A PERMANENT CURE J
5 of the most obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea < •
■ J and Gleet, guaranteed in from 3 to 6 • [
' i , days ;no other treatment required. ' i
J i Sold by all druggists, . 5
£-£ visit DR. JORDAN'S «™«*
ff&in Museum of Anatomy
I PSnil 1051 1U2IST ST. bet. Cth 4 7th, S. F. OtL
§ S M The LargrFtofllßlilndinUnTVetld.
iSi&l DR - JORDAN— Private Diseases.
I H*Wp BV ConiuHntton tree. Write for Book
\\ I of Marriage.
hO MAILED FWtC. '
/^ r %. Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
<i2. r »HEAKXYIST. EsUbllshed
I In 1H54 for the treatment (if Private
BL^ik^Xß Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
QffiffiHA disease wearing on bodyand mind and
Wr||W Skin Diseases. I'll doctorcures when
JTSH MDKgotb fall. Try him. Charges low
l< ur<>» gum aiit«-<MI. Callorwrite.
Dr. J. F. UIBBON, Box 1957, San Francisco.
OCEAN TRAVEL; ~~~~
idSfR^ft VHUEP, Sa iV IB , °,f, f June l9t
Krt^KEa Wt ilHIi, tor Honolulu canceled.
PSHSBIIIIipW Ballli.g - of - June Ist
oliJPm|L ror Honolulu canceled.
M The S. S. MOANA
RwlHP)^ L"_ > sails via Honolulu and
>JPjjfircn|r)J Auckland for Sydney
Star CylWllllJlllU 1 -' Wednesday. June la.
<g(ipwb at2p - m -
Line to COOLQARDIE, Australia, and CAPE
TOWN. South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight office— Market St., San Francisco.
BLUE STAR LINE
T« St. Michael, Dawson City and Inter-
■ mediate River Points,
New steamship "Charles Nelson will -be dis-
patched June ' 2, - connecting with company's
own Yukon River fleet, consisting of four largo
modern equipped steamers, built by Moran
Bros, of Seattle, and now en routs for St.
Michael. • " • - ,- v« I
 SPECIAL ATTENTION called to : the fact
that", coal will be used exclusively . on river
boats. Insuring • most ■ rapid passage possible, .
.-.. Company's : responsibility . guarantees -con-'
tracts. For passage and freight apply. to BLUB
STAR LINE, 18 California St., or Its agencies.
References, CAPTAIN CHARLES NELSON.
< California st. Telephone Drum 23.
■-. -.-:-.--. «<■» .?.-,- T-...-". - —  -■-.• =■•■■ - - ■■ - ::--. >
AUCTION SALES.
BASCH AUCTION CO., Inc.,
319-321 SUTTER ST. TEL. GRANT 87.
BAR FIXTURES,
MANTELS!
Hy order of court to close the estate of F.
W. KRELING, I will sell
MONDAY.
MONDAY June 6. 1898
At 11 a. m., at
SALESROOMS (321 SUTTER ST.)
TWO HANDSOME QUARTERED OAK
BARS, cost $1000 each to manufacture: 1".
SIDEBOARDS; E3 MANTELS; MANTEL
TOPS; 3 STANDING DESKS, 1 DENTISTS
CHEST. 3 OFFICES.
A LOT OF BUREAU GLASS FRAMES,
WAPHSTANDS, ETC., ETC.
Terms cash. *
S. P, ASCII. Auctioneer.
OCEAN TRAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
l^i^ , Steamers leave Broadway
H tJf^w^w wharf, San Francisco.
fl SJFgiv For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m.,
i l%*Tw«^?h June 5>5 > ] °. I.". 20. 25 30, July 5,
il'*^^«v'Sm transfer at Prattle.
C MJBsHJb'"! F(ir Alaskan ports (from
IfiHAi£w&i Folsom-street wharf). 10 a. m..
ir^^Ss^oW June 5, 26, July 17. August 4,
25, transfer at Portland, Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (B.
C), Port Townsend. Seattle, Tacoma, Everett,
Anacortes ar.<l New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a.
i in.-. June 5, 10, 15. 20, 25, 30, July 5. and every
! fifth day thereafter, connecting at Seattle with
! this company's steamers for Alaska and O. N.
Ry., at Tacoma with N. P. Ry., at Vancouver
I with C. P. By.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m.,
June 1, 7, 13, 19, 25, 31, July 6, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz. Monterey, San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Obispo),
GaviotE. Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
' San Pedro, EaFt San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
i Newport, 9 a. m., June 2, 6, 10. 14, IS, 22. 26. 30.
i July 4, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
I ford (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara. Port
I Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
! a. m., June 4, 8, 12, 16, 20, 24. 28, July 2, and
i every fourth day thereafter.
I For Ensenada, Magdalena Bay, San Jose del
I Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
: lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m., June 17,
I July 2.
I For further Information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
! without previous notice steamers, sailing dates
I and hours of palltne.
TICKET OFFICE— New Montgomery
, street (Palace Hotel).
GOODALI,, PERKINS & CO., Gen. Agts.,
10 Market St., San Francisco.
THE 0. R. & N. CO.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
FARC * 12 First Class Including Berth
IMllt *8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Columbia June 5. 14, 23
\ State of California June 8, 17, 26
i Oregon June 11, 20. 29
: St. Paul $16 00 St. Louis $32 00
< Kansas City .... 26 00! Chicago ....27 50
Omaha 26 00 New York 3100
E. C. WARD, General Agent.
GOODALL, PERKINS & Co'!
Superintendents. -
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
•NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP-
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British flags.
! Kensington ....June 8 Noordland . June 15
Berlin June 11 Frlesland June 22
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN. LIVER-
POOL.
. Steamers sail under Belgian flag.
Waesland June 4 ; Rhynland June 11
EMPIRE LINE.
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
j Steamers formerly employed in trans-Atlantlo
I services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
5. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
6. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29. .
j Connecting with the company's own fleet of
I 18 new and modern steamers and barges on the
I Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
! intermediate points.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of its Agencies.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic^,
French Line to Havre.
Company's Pier (new), 42 North f-rrt
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers^XtLt. tS
by this line avoid both transit by^**™
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria Epypt, via Paris, first-class, $160;
second-class, $116.
LA TOURAIN'E June 11. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE June IS. 10 a. m.
LA BRETAGNE June 25, 10 a. m.
I.A BOURGOONE July 2, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAINE July 9. 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent.
No. 3 Bowling Green, New York.
J. F. FUOAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
ave., San Francisco.
DIRECT TO PARIS, LONDON. HAMBURO. ]
A, Victoria June 16 F. Bismarck July 23
F. Bismarck June 30 A. Victoria. .August 11
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE.
NEW YORK. HAMBURG DIRECT.
Patria June 4 'Pennsylvania.. June 35
Phoenicia June B'Palatla July 2
Hamburg-American Line, 37 Broadway, N. T.
HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California st.. cor. Sansome. San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND VALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello."
Men., Tues., Wed.. Thura. and Sat
9:45 a. m. 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays 1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock, Pier S.
Telephone Red 2241.
BATLBOAD TRAVEL.
KNICKERBOCKER
SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
INe^w York,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in the
world— the Vanderbilt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls, Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop in St. Louis
and goes into the only depot In New York
City.
C. W. GREEN,
Traveling Pass'r Agent., Kansas City Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
Traveling Passenger Agent. Dallas. Tex.
WM. P. DEPPE.
Ass't Gen'l Passenger Agt., St. Louis, Mo.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUIM
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From June 1, IS9S, trains will run as follows:
South-bound. | North-bound.
Passen- Mixed Mixed | Passen-
xer Sunday Sta- Sunday ger
Daily. Exc'pt'd tons. Exc'pt'd Dally.
,7:20 am 9:00 ara Stockton 3:45 pm 5:40 pm
" 9:10 a m 12:50 p m Merced 12:50 prn 3:53 p m
10:40 am 3:50 pm Fresno 9:30 am 2:20 pm
11:35 am 6:45 pm Hanford 7:45 aml 1:25 p m
2:45 p m 11:50 p m B'k'rfl'd 2:30 a m!10:15 a m
12:05 pm 7:50 pm Visalia I 6:40 a m|12:55 p m
Stopping at intermediate points as required.
Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
California Navigation and Improvement Com-
pany, leaving San Francisco and Stockton at 6
p. m. daily: at Moreed with stages to and
from Snellings, Coultervllle, Ynsemtte, etc.;
also with stage from Hornitos, Mariposa, etc.;
at Lankershim with stage to and from Madora.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
NVTUERH PACIFIC (OMPASiI. • ' ;
(PAOirlO SVSTJEM.) -
rrnlna lenre and lire due to nrrlt* at "..
NAN FKAN€W«:o. ■ . v
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street) " ' _ .<• .
t,s*vß — From Apbix 38, 1898. — a»kit»" •
"•6:00a Nile*, San Jose and War Stations... •8:45a '
7:OOa Benicia, Suißun and Sacramento..-.. 10:45a
7:00a MarysTille, OroTille and ReddinjTto " . . .•'
Woodland - ..-...,. '• S |4 * : "*
7:00 a Vacaville and Bumsey •• . ... ... ! •x4sr
7tBOA Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo. N*P* . .
■'--■ Callstoga and Santa Rom •«15p
»:OOa Atlantic lOxprew, Ogden and Kart.. . »t*9r : •
»i«Oa Nil™, .Sail Jose, .Stoektou, lona, . .• ••
Sacramento, MarTSTHIe, . Chloo, . ' ;.*■
Tehama and Ite<l Kluff ...'... «il»* '••_.
•Si3oa Peters. Milton, Oakdale (Jamestown . ■
for Yoeemite) .' T 71 * 8 ' ■'•."•
OiOOa New Orleaus Iliprees. Merced, Frea. ■ . .■.•■-,
no, lUkcrslif I<l. .Santa Harbara, ■ ;
Jos Anl{ele^ DemiiiK. Kl l'aso, • '■'■
New Orleans and Rut •i4»p •■>•:
1O:0Oa Vallejo. Martinez and Way Station! • 7?4Sp.
•l:OOp Sacramento Hirer Steamers rir:OOp " ■ ..
l:OOr Nile*. SantJoseaDd Way Station*.. »«.-4r3A
San Jose, Niles and Way Stations... J'J:l3a •» ..-
8:OOp Lirermore, Mendota, Uauford and - •' •>
Visalia - 4il3p ■. • ..
IjTermore, San Jose, Nile* and War ■•-.'•
Sutions "• J1»:1Ba °..
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallf Jo.. 12:13p Om
. 4ioop Martinez, Han ltaiiion, Vullejo. ■ • '■'."•
Naj>a, I'all'toga, «t-Verano and • ' ■' "
Satitaltosa :»«IBa . /.,
4:00p Bc-nicia, VacariUe, Woo ill and, • ••
Kuigtits Landing, MarysTllie, Oro. '■ •■ ■"' . .
Till.- Hii<lBauriiiiiento 10:43a -
4:3»>p Nile*. San Joee, Tracy and Stockton ...7ll»f ' -,
4:»Op Stockton, Oakdale, Merced. IBj(sp * . •
■»:a«pO.BtleandLodi l»:13r .. "
l.attir-p, Moderto. Merced, Berenda • ' .
(Raymond for Yoeemite), Fresno. • '; ••
1 Mijiive, Santa IJarbara and Lot • ' ■
Angeles Tl4»*
4tSop Santa !■•«• Koute. Atlantic JSxpreM . • •».;.
for Mojata and Kast..: 6:43p
6:00p Kuropeau Mail, Ogaon and Kast.... »:48a . v
•6:OOp Vallejo J»:IBp '
6:OOplluywar(ls, Nllrs «ml San .Tose - -7:43a' ■
J7:oop Vallejo, Port Coita and Way 8U- ' ■ "•
Uons , ' J»:43» .-.
8:00 r Oregon inn, Baciunieiito, Marjt-
ville, IU-il.liiiK, roltlttlnl. I'llget '.' *
! Siiiind and Kast Si IB' 4 . "
SAN JU.AMHIO AM) HAf WARDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) - .r. r . ;.'
1 ( 7:I»A '
8:00A jiflrosf, Seminary Park, **»>*** ■•'■
.HSt Fltchb.nr,El»l..r.t, W.Hi '
ill:OOA San I.eanHro. South Sa« 12:45 »
t12 . !0 .°. 1 ! LMii««, totadlll* \l\ltt • ' '
i'aVoop Lorenzo, Cherry " - I4i4."i* ' :
4:00p J3:43p..
SiOOp •■<> • 8:15? ■"■'
«:3OP H . . rdi . »**§? • ;.
7:»Op 8:4-Tp. . '
sis?' { RuM thron«h to ,Viit : -
9:00p tllromr< " *- IO«SQ> • •■•
COAST DIVISION (Narrow (<«Bge). •
(Foot of Market Street.l ■" '■• .. -'
}7:45a Santa Cruz Kxcurrion, Santa Cms ' . ' ' °
and Principal Way Stations {•>«»» , •
Si 13a Newark, Centerrllle, San Jose,Felton, .
Boulder Creek. Santa and Way * . "
Stations 8:3»»
*2il3r Newark, CenterTille, San Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek, • ."
Santa Cruz and Principal Way . . ,:.'.
• Stations MOjBOa, ....
4:l3pSan Jose, Glrnwood Way Stations 9:20a *.. "
a4:lsr Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz jitigOA.
CREEK ROUTE FERRY. • . . :
Tim SUN FRANCISCO— FooI of Mtrkat Strut (Sli) 8)—
•7:16 9:00 11:00a.U. 1.1:53 *2:DO t3:00 v
•4:00"* t5:00 »6:00p.M.
rnmOlUlHD— reotirßrudwij.— *B:oo 8:00 10:00 M.
tlS:OO M:00 t2:00 *3:00 tt:OO *8:00r.*, V-
COAST IM VISION (liroadUauge). . .
(Third and Towngend Sta.) '
•7:OOa .San .lone ami Way stations (New
Alinaileu Wednesdays only) llSOr
17:30a Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Snuta Cruz, Pacino Grove and
Principal Way Stations *S:S3r
B:OOa Han .lone, Tres Hunt, Santa Cruz, . ■
racilic (irore, Paso Rubles, Shu
. Luis 0i.1h|..., Ouadalupe. Surf ami
Principal Way .Stations 4tl«p
lOi4Oa San Jose anil Way .Stations U»iOOa
I1:3Oa Ban Jnee and Way .Stations *BiBs*
*st:4si-San Maten. Redwood, Palo Alto,
Santa Clara, San .l.we, Gllroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey ami l'acltic (irove ...... * 1 0:33 a
«:i:«op Sail .lose and Way Stations »9:«Oa
•4:l3t* Hair .lose and Principal Way Stations 9:43a
*3:OOp San Jose and Principal Way Stations 6:».Y*
S:3Oi- San Jose anil Principal Way Stations <i:3Op
«::««!• San Jose and Way Stations 7:30p
Hl:l.->p San Jose and Way Stations 7idOr
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• Sundays p»i-K|it«il. t Sundays only, t Saturdays only
tt Monday. Thursday and Saturday nights 01117.
i Sundays and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO AND NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY COMPANY.
Tiburon Ferry. Foot of Market St. -
BAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEI*
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m ; 12:38,
8:30, 6:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— Extra trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:58
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO. 9:30. 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:301
5:00, 6:20 p. m. '
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50, 9:20. 11:10 a. m. ; 12:46,
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at
1:55 p. 111. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO, 9:40, 11:10, a. m. 1:40, J:10,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave Arrive
San Francisco. In Effect San Francisco.
April 23, •
Week I Sun- 1898. Sun- I Week
Days. I days. Destination. days. |' Days.
7:3o anT 8:00 ani Novato, 10:40 am | 8:40 am
8:30 pm 9:30 am Petaluma, 6:lopm 10:25 am
6:lopm s:oopm Santa Rosa. 7:3spm| _6:22pn>
~ ~ Fulton, ~
7:30 am Windsor, 10:23 am
Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
»:30pm 8:00am Cloverdale, [ 7:35pm (:22pm
T:3oamj Hopland and | 10:25am
8:30 pm| 8:00am) Uklah. | 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
7:30 am " 10:26 am
8:00 am Guerneville. 7:35 pm
3:30 pm 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am Sonoma 10:40 am 8:40 am
I and
6:lopm s:oopm| Glen Ellen. 6:lopm 6:22pm
7 am I 8:00 am Sebastopoi. " 10:40 am 110 :25 am .
3:30 pm| 6:00 pm[ | 7:3spm| 6:22 pm
' Stages connect at Santa' Rosa for Mark .West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Gey-
serville for Skagg* Springs; at Cloverdale for # .
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs, . ;
Highland Springs, Kelseyvllle, New Carlsbad
Springs. Soda Bay, Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, • Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake; Upp^r .
Lake, Porno, Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
side, Lierley*s, Bucknell's, Sanhedrin Heights.
Hullvllle, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs. Men-
docino City. Fort Bragg. Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round trip tickets at
reduced rates.
On Sundays round trip tickets to all points
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices. 650 Market »t.. Chronicle bid*.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RTAf;,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Paas. Agent.
Santa Fe Route
THE BEST RAILWAY ] : .
SAN FRANCISCO to CHICAGO.;
Every Day Pullman Palace Sleeping Car* .
and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Car*'.
Run on the Following Time: - •;*'
Uavt San Franclsco.4:3o p. m.. S.M.T.W.T.F.H .
Arrive Denver 6:00 p.m., W.T.F.S.B.M.T.
Arrive Kansas City.. 7:oo a. m.. T.F.S.S.M.T.W.
Arrive St. Louis 6:15 p. m.; T.F.S.S.M.T.W. ,
Arrive Chicago 9:00 p. m.. T.F.S.S..M.T.W
HARVEY'S DINING-ROOMS
Serve Superior Meals at Very Reason*
able Rates.
yOU WILL BE COMFORTABLE ' ;
If You Travel on the Santa P* .'
:MI FRANCISCO TIGKET~OFFicE — 644 MARKET SI
Chronicle Building. Telephone Main 1520.
Oakland Office— lllB Broadway.
Sacramento Offioe— 2ol J Street; • ■
" San Jose Offioe — 7 West Santa Clara St
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD. -
Via Sau.salito Ferry.
From San Francisco, commencing May V 1888.
WEEK DAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— 7:oo. 'S^OO.
•9730. 11:00 a, m.; IU6, 3:20, 4:00, 5:15. -6:00. ■ .
Extra trips for San Rafael on Mondays.
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:3d
P ' m " SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— •B:oo, »9.:00.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m. ; 1:00. 'l^o, »4:OQ,
5:30, 6:45 p. m.
11:00 a. m. does not run to San RafaeL • .
6:30 p. m. does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays — Cazadero and way sta'ns.
5:15 p. m. week days (Sat. ex.) — Torrfales and
way stations.
8:00 a, m. Sundays— Cazadero and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta'n.
nSTTAMILPAITsCEIIIC RAILWAY.
(Via Sausalito Ferry.)
Leave Ban Francisco, 'commencing May l.
189S: • ': . * .
Week Day9 — 9:30 a. m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— B:oo, 8:00. 10:00,. 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 awl
t:3O p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, fc.
VHOS. COOK ft SON, Agents, Ol Market
street. San Francisco.
11ORDERED OFF
THE TRACK
Owner of Dolly Regent
in Disgrace.
IN-AND-OUT PERFORMANCES
ST . LOITIS RACING OFFICIALS
DISCIPLINE R. ROME
Won't Dance Runs Second to Skylark
in a Mile Event in Slow
Time at the Oakley
Track.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ST. LOUIS, June 3.— Dolly Regent
and her owner, R. Rome, with the rest
of the stable, were ordered away from
the track to-day, on account of the
mare's inconsistent running. Weather
clear and warm; track fast.
Five furlongs, Jud|?e Tarvin won, Willy-
Howard second, Areline S third. Time,
1:03%.
Five furlongs, maiden two-year-olds,
Blaze Face won, Dr. Sam second. Dandy
H third. Time, 1:03.
Six furlnn^p, selling. Foreseen won.
Count Fonso .second, Aunt Mary third.
Time. 1:15%.
mile, Madeline won, I,lnda second,
Parole o'or third. Time. 1:41%.
and a sixteenth miles, selling, Zar
ina won. Confession second, Dan Huger
third. Time. 1:50.
Six furlongs. Hello Ward won, Night
gown Siildubia third. Time, 1: 15.
CINCINNATI, June 3. — Weather
:it; track fast.
Five furlongs, Billy House won, Plc
cola second, Lela Murray third. Time,
1:03%:
Six furlongs, selling, Dan Rice won,
Ned second, Allie Belle third. Time,
1:151*.
One and an eighth miles, selling, Don
Cella won. Governor Boies second, Mel
lie third. Time. 1:57?*.
one mile, Skylark won. Won't Dance
second, &tar of Bethlehem third. Time,
1:43.
One and an eighth miles, selling, Eddie
Burke won, Charina second, Annie Tay
lor third, 'lime, 1:55.
Six furlongs, selling. Old Law won, K<i.
murasaki second, Hidalgo third. Time,
1:15%:
CHICAGO, June 3.— Results at Har
lem:
Four and a half furlongs, Nora Ives
won, Josephine B second, Cousin I-ettie
Time. :565i.
3 \ fur ongs 1-Vsta won. Ohiquita II
second. Mari«- Klnsella third. Time, 1:16>>4.
Blxteenth mile*. Barateria
•; second, ->j.orte Konso third.
Time. 1:4S»».
.- \ : . '!)>;s. Good Friend won, Nannie
Davis second. Fair Deceiver third. Time,
1:16%.
Six furlongs, Imp won, Dave Waldo sec
ond. Cherry Leaf third. Time, i;y,\.
Four and a half furlongs, Amyntas
won, Miss Mnrk second. Rosa Vannah
third. Time. :56.
BATSMEN INCREASE
THEIR AVERAGES.
Storm of Base Hits and "Scrappy"
Joyce's Rage Features of the
New York Game.
NATIONAL LEAOUH STANDING.
Clnbs- W. L. Pct.| Clubs— W. L. Pet.
" uo U 20 .474
■ > Philadelphia 16 18 .47!
■ .641 Brooklyn ....14 M .412
SVllle ...13 27 .325
" n .12 '.'". .324
.i-a .. 10 19 .61S|St. Ix'Ui? ..11 2-i 27
NEW YORK. Juno 3.— To-day's game
waa productive of a perfect storm of base
hits. Rusle, despite bis lame ;irm. was
pV-nt Into work, and lasted two Innings, the
ng nine hits and 7 runs off him.
Hawli -■> knocked oft the slab in
two innings. Hf-uig, who was substituted
fur Rusie, hnrt the better end of his ar
gumeni with I>ammann. In the fourth,
Beckley, while trying to make first, gave
the elbow. Joyce, In retaliation,
picked up the ball and hit Buckley on the
with it. Joyce was put out of the
game. Attendance >"*). Score:
Clubs R. H. K.
New York • • 16 19 2
Cincinnati 10 17 0
Batteries -Ruaie, Gettig and Warner: Haw
ley Dammann and Vaughn. Umpires —
and Andrews.
.NEW YORK, June 3.— Three singles, a
base on balls and a sacrifice hit gave the
Brgoklyna two runs in the first inning to
day. These proved enough to win by.
Donahue was put out of the game for
'kicking. .Attendance 1412. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Chicago 15 1
Brooklyn 2 5 4
Batteries — Griffith. Donahue and Chance:
• YpaKer and Smith. Umpires — Cushman and
H*ydlpr.
. BALTIMORE. June The ex-cham
pions were unable to hit the ball safely i
to-day when hits were needed, and St. j
Louis scored a victory. Both teams played i
• brilliantly in the field. Attendance 800. j
Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
Baltimore 4 10 0 1
!-•. Louis 5 11 1 I
Batteries— Nops, Hughes and Robinson: Tay
lor and Clements. Umpires — O'Day and Mc-
Donald. -:.':;■,
"WASHINGTON. June To-day's game
.on the part of the Senators was the worst i
Been here this season, bar none. Attend- i
ance 1500. Score:
' Clubs— / R. H. E. '
Washington 4 11 7
Louisville 16 10 6 '
Batteries— Swain, Donovan and McGulre; i
Cunningham and Snyder. Umpires — Wood and '
Bw&rt* ■
PHILADELPHIA. Jun* 3,-Plttsburgs
bad no trouble In defeating th" Phillies
to-day. The Quakers were weak at the
pat and their fii'lding was very ragged.
Attendance 3180. Score:
Clubs— R. H. E.
; r»r S 12 1
Philadelphia 4 5 R
Batteries— TrinnehiU and Schrlv»r: Wh»p|er,
• « and McFarland. Umpires— Hnyder
and Curry
BOSTON. .Tune 5. -The Boston-Cleve
land game was postponed on account of
rain.
Grading Will Begin Soon.
VISAIJA. June 3.— H. E. Huntingdon,
vice-;.: • - ■■ ■ of 'he Southern Pacific,
»nd Chief Engineer Hood were here to
day In their special car. The officials are i
looking over th* route of the extension
of the Visalia branch to Exeter to con
nect with the Portervllle line. Mr. Hunt- I
ington says work will be commenced as !
soon as all rights of way are obtained. !
. — ■ j
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday. June 8. I
Stmr "W'estport, Ericsson. 55 hours from Hue- j
noine.
Schr La Chilena.. Mat son, 9 hours from Fort
Ross. i
DOMESTIC POUTS.
FORT nORS-Sailed June 3— Schr La Chilena i
for San Francisco.
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
BALTIMORE— baiIed June 3— Stmr Hestia,
for Glasgow.
OPEN Sailed May 31-Stmr Thing- i
a alia, for New York.
BREMEN— SaiIed June 3— Stmr Dresden, for
Baltimore. .
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed June Stmr Cymric,
for New York.
NEW YORK— Sailed June 3— Stmr Victoria,
for Hamburg. - ■ " •■■ .
QUEENSTOWN— June Stm Belgen
land, for Philadelphia. ■
MOVILLE— SaiIed June 3— Stmr Furnesla,
fnr Xew York.
LONDON— Arrived June 3— Stmr Europe, frm
N*> v. York.
SOUTHAMPTON— SaiIed June 3-Stmr Au
gusta Victoria. " ,
NEW YORK— Sailed June 3— Stmr Alsatia,
for Glasgow.. ••■--;:;, .'*-»;
NAPLES— SaiIed June Stmr Ems, for New
Tork.
REVOLUTION
THAT FAILED
Filibusters Taken in
Santo Domingo.
LED BY SENOR JIMINEZ
HELD FOR EXAMINATION, BUT
A SUBORDINATE IS SHOT.
The Expedition Sailed in the Steamer
Fanita From Cape Haytien
Hayti, and Landed at
Monte Christi.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK. June 3.— A dispatch to
the Herald from Puerto Plata. Domin
ican Republic, sr-s: A revolutionary
expedition was landed at Monte Christi
from Hayti, under the leadership of
Senor Jiminez, who was formerly a
merchant in New York. The Govern
ment had been advised of the move
ment and troops were in waiting for
the party and all were captured.
The leader, Jiminez, was reserved for
examination, but a subordinate. Gen
eral Augustin Morales, was shot with
out delay. President Herreux will ar
rive at Monte Christi to-morrow. It
is almost certain that the whole party
will be executed.
CAPE HaI'TIEN, June 3.— The re
port that a revolution has broken out
In Santo Domingo is confirmed, the
supposed Cuban expedition from here
being really the departure oj Domini
can revolutionists.
The mystery surrounding the move-
I ments of the Clyde Line steamer Fa
; nita are now said to be fully explained.
It appears to be established beyond a
j doubt that the reports of an uprising
lin the republic of Santo Domingo
against the power of President Her
| reux are correct. The initial blow was
struck at Monte Christi on the borders
i of Hayti, the nearest Dominican port
: to Cape Haytien. It would appear that
the Fanita, instead of having on board
only seventeen Dominicans, probably
! had 150. The Fanita arrived here on
; June 1, half empty, bringing from New
York provisions for the navy, which
she landed at Matthewtown, Bahama
: Islands. She slipped away about 10
; o'clock the same night and was to
: touch at Monte Christi or at the keys,
just outside, with the object, it was al
leged, of filling up the empty portion
i of her hold.
She had on board Chris Roberts, the
most famous pilot of the West Indies.
The captain of the Fanita said the por
tion of her cargo which was not landed
consisted of coal, but there was good
reason to suppose that it consisted of
something very different from coal.
The suspicions of the Spanish Consul
here were aroused. He denounced' the
taking on board the steamer of the
Dominicans and the sudden sailing of
. the vessel without notice and without
the permission of the Dominican Con
j sul. The Spanish Consul classed this
as an outrage and as an act of piracy,
and entered a formal protest with the
Haytien authorities.
The majority of the Dominicans, it
appears, while h<°re were shut up in the
[ hold of the Fanita, so as to escape at
j tention. Oeneral Juan Ysidro Jimi
1 nez and General Pablo Villaneuva are
believed to have been on board. It is
.. also noted that the former has long
' been in the public eye of Santo Do
mingo as a rlf>sirablp man for the Pres
idency. General Villaneuva fought
bravely against President Herreux's al
leged usurpation and was exiled. He
has been living at Great Inagua for
: some time past, and the Fanita is said
to have stopped there to take him on
board.
SALVATION LASSIES
SMASH NUDE FIGURES.
Public Sentiment in Omaha Upholds
the Act of Lieutenants Mauer
McCormick.
OMAHA, June 3.— The sentiment in op
position to the public display of nude hu
j man figures in Omaha seems to be very
; pronounced, for the Misses Mauer and
McCormick, arrested for committing mu
tilations on undraped statuary at the ex
position grounds, have been released for
! want of prosecution. The company con
| eluded th,is was the easiest way out of
the muddle.
The girls are lieutenants in the Salva
tion Army, and a number of the higher
officers of that organization from St. i
Louis and Chicago were present to ren- j
der necessary aid to the girls. Booth-
Tucker wired Mayor Frank Moores that
if the girls were released they would be
transferred to another station, but the |
girls refused to go, saying they desired j
to stand trial, as they had done nothing j
their conscience did not approve. The i
exposition company was determined to
prosecute at first, but a large number i
of protests were received from Omaha
people, those opposed fo the nude in art
as displayed at the grounds. The girls
did not boast of their offense, but both
declared that they had been directed by
the Lord to do as they did.
A peculiar feature of the case is the
fact that the statuary destroyed was on
the building within a few feet of the one
occupied by the girls as a rescue home
tor (alien girls. The Misses Mauer and
McCormick are the directors of the home.
They thought this continual display of
human figures before the Inmates of the j
home was corrupting their morals, and I
so climbed the building at the dead of I
night and cut the nude figures to pieces.
They were arrested before they could
escape from the grounds.
Forgot to Pay His Bills.
RAX RAFAEL, June 3.— John Lazarln
ni. who opened a tailoring establishment
hpre. some time apo on commission for E.
Melopli of San Francisco, has disappear
ed, leaving a number of unpaid bills, in
cluding one duo his employer. Yesterday
afternoon Lazarinni borrowed a wheel
from M. Bryan, a bnrber. and said he was
poing out to the United States Smokeless
Powder Works to collect a i...1. He went
immediately to the broad gauge depot
and boarded ■ train for San Francisco,
leaving the wneel at the depot.
THE STOCK MARKET.
Mining stocks were weaker as a rule and
Sierra Nevada sold down to 53c.
The North Gould and <"urry assessment falls
delinquent In office to-day.
The Pacific Gib Improvement Company will
pay its reg-ular monthly dividend o:' JOe per
share on June 10.
The San .lose Water Company will pay the
UF'.iul monthly dividend of 50c per share on
June 10.
The Pacific Lighting Company will pay a div
idend of 40c per chare on the Cth.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodle
for the week ending May 2S the regular pros
pecting and development work was done in the
New, Security, Bullion. Station No. 10, Main
Standard, Black, C and Fortuna ledges on the
150. 300, 318. > 470 and 5*2 foot- levels. T- c up
raises above the 318 foot level all have good
ore in their tops. The usual quantity of fair
to high grade ore was stoped from th» New,
Security, Moyle, Bullion. No. 10, Black. Ma
guire and Fortuna ledges.
Standard Mill statement — Ore crushed for the
week, ISG 1 tons: average assay vanner tail
ings, $7 4>>; concentrates produced, 2 tons: as
say value, $163 oR. plate amalgam produced,
S?8 troy ounces; value per ounce, $2 66. The
cam shaft broke on May 2". and the mill 'shut
down forty-tight hours.' replacing with new
six-inch cam sbalta. Tailings plant No. ~ 1
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
treated 516 tons tailings for the week; plant
No. 2 treated 423 tons tailings.
In local securities the sugar stocks were firm
with a fair ' business.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGES. .
FRIDAY, June B—2 p. m.
Bid.Ask. Bld.Ask.
U 8 Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 48 49
to quar c0up..111%112% Pac Gas Imp.. 86 86%
4e quar reg...108 109 Pac L Co 61% —
Is quar new J.. 123 124 S FG & E... 86 56%
Miscellaneous— San Fran .... 3>4 —
Cal-st Cab 55.U4% — Stock Gas .... 12 —
Cal El 6s 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55.. .101 — Firem's Fund. —
Dup-Et ex c... — 98% Bank Stocks—
E L & P 65.. 127% — Anglo-Cal .... 53 65
F&CI Ry 68.113 — Bank of Ca1..243%245
Geary-st R ss. — 98 Cal SD & T.. 97 —
HC & S 5%5..100 105 First Nat ....202%210
L A L Co 6s. — 100 I,nn P & A... 125 —
Do gntd 65.. — 103 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 Nev Nat 8....152%160
Do Ist M 11311 — Savings Banks-
Nat Yin -is Ist — 97% Ger S & L..1400 1600
NC NO Rv75.103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 6s. .108 — I Mutual Say. — 42%
N U.v Col 55.. 100% — S F Say U.. — &00
NPC R R 65. 101 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC It R 100% — Security S B 250 ;— :
Oak Gas .r5...100. r 5...100 — Union T Co. 950 —
Do 2d Is 55.. 10*^110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s 124%126 California —
p& O fin 110 — Geary 4" —
P&CI Ry 65.108%113 Market-st .... 52»i 63
Powell-st 65... — 125 I Presidio 8 9%
Reno WL&L..IOO — Powder-
Sac ElecßySs.loo — California ....115 160
SF& N P 55.107 108 E Dynamite .. 85 -
i SierraßCal 6s. — 103 Giant Con Co. 46 <6V&
SPof Ar 65..104T4105 Viporit 3?» 35i3 5 i
S P Cal 65... .— 11? Miscellaneous-^
SPC Is eg 55.. 94 — Al Par Assn.. 93% ** v *
S P Br 6s 112'.;i14 Ocr Ld Wks..llo —
S V Wat 65...116»i117% Hana P C 0.... 12 —
B V Wat 45... 101 1*102 II C & 8 Co.. 22*4 22%
Stock Gas «s.. — 103 Hutch S P Co. 49 49%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. 58% «0 Nat Yin C 0... — 6
MHrln Co 50 — Oceanic R Co. 60 60%
Spring Valley. 99%100Vi Pac A F L... 1% —
Gas <* Electric- Pac Bot C 0.... — 102
Cent GasllKht.los — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. - lift'
Morning Session.
50 Alaska Packers' Association S3 «2%
25 Hutchlnson S P Co 48 87%
25 do do 49 25
100 Market-street Railway 62 75
75 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 25
50 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 21 60
200 do do s 10 21 75
50 do do 21 76
35 do do 21 S7ft
700 do do 22 00
125 do do 22 12%
100 do do h 2 22 12%
25 S F Gas & Electric Co S6 00
135 Spring Valley Water 100 00
Street—
$3000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 102 00
Afternoon Session.
255 Giant Powder Con 46 00
30 do do 45 75
10 do do .46 25
30 Presidio R R 3 50
25 Hawaiian Commercial * Sugar 22 25
155 do do 22 37%
205 do do 22 50
$10,000 Market-st Ry Con Bonds 5s 113 75
160 Oceanic Steamship Co 60 25
206 S F Gas & Electric Co 86 00
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the pales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
100 Belcher 10 100 Crown Point ... IS
400 Best & Belcher. 26 100 Gould & Curry.. 19
150 Caledonia 24 1500 Savage . 08
200 Chollar 16 1 200 Sierra Nevada.. 56
650 Con Cal & Va.. 46 1100 Yellow Jacket... 23
Afternoon Session.
350 Best & Belcher. 22 300 Ophlr 31
•300 Con Cal & Va.. 45 300 Savage 08
400 Gould & Curry.. 15! 200 Sierra Nevada... 63
100 Hale & Norcrs. 55J200 54
100 Mexican IS.
Following were the sale» In the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday:
Morning Session.
300 Belcher 10 200 IS
200 09 2fK) Ophir 35
10" Best & Belcher. 26 300 Poto»l 19
200 Caledonia 24 ' 200 Savage 08
100 Challenge Con.. 24 600 Sierra Nevada.. 58
650 Con Cal & Va.. 46 200 59
500 Crown Point ... 13 500 55
300 Gould & Curry.. 19 200 Union Con 09
700 Justice 07 300 Yellow Jacket .. 23
800 Mexican 19,
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta 09 200 Mexican 19
700 Best & Belpher. 25,500 Opoir 33
400 Caledonia ' 24 so-. Savage 08
500 ("hollar 14 800 Sierra. Nevada.. 55
8".O Con Cal & Va.. 451600 54
700 Crown Point ... 11 400 53
500 Gould & Curry.. 1811000 Union Con 08
500 Justice 06,200 Yellow Jacket... 23
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, June 3—4 p. m.
Bid. Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 02 03 Justice 06 07
Alta OS 09 Kentuck — 01
Andes 08 10 Lady Wash .... — 02
Belcher 09 11 Mexican IS 19
B*.=t & Belcher 23 24 Occidental 68 —
Bullion 04 05 Ophlr 32 33
Caledonia ...... 22 23 Overman 07 OS
Chollar 14 15 Potpal 17 18
Challenge Con. 22 23 Savage 08 09
Con Cal & Va. 46 47 geg Belcher ... — 05
Confidence — • Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — "1 Sierra Nevada. 65 5«
Crown Point .. 11 12 Silver Hill .... — 06
Con New York. — 01 Syndicate — 03
Eureka Con .. — 2" Standard 155 160
Exchequer — OS Union Con .... 07 OS
Gould & Curry. 16 17 Utah 05 06
Hale & Norcrs. 84 — Telia** Jacket. 23 24
Julia — 02
KEAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Peter B. and Hat* Qulnlan to Kate F. Quln
lan Ir.t on N line of Golden <iate avenue, 87:6
W of Franklin, W 2.'. by N 12n; gift.
Wililam P. and Clara D. Harrison to Hlbernla
Savings and I -nan Society, lot on N line of
HaTght street, 110 E of Octavia, E 27:8 by N 120;
|U9O.
!■: tate of Michnel Ryan (by John W. Curry,
administrator) to James J. and Mary E." Sil
v.-v lot on S line of Hayes street, 165 ■ W of
I,n.truna. W 27. <» by S 120; $4860.
Jacob A. Wilkens to Anglo-Callfornian Bank
(Limited), lot on SE corner of. Hayes and
Baker street n, B V<n by S 100: $10.
Ada M. Kragß to W. H. Chickerins. lot on
N line of Page street, 55 X of lsoU, E 25 by N
ioo: $m.
Edward M. Ijong to Annie K. Long, lot on
N line of Ltberty street, 205 E of Church, E
2S by N 1H: Rift.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Mabel C.
Ross (wife of Robert C). lot on S line of
Twentieth street, 409 E of Castro, E 25 by S
114; HO.
Anthony Quill to Elizabeth Heney (wife of
Patrick .!.), lot on W line of Alabama street,
125 S of Twenty-sixth. B H by W 100; $W.
< >rville C. Baldwin to Sarah McUlinchey
(wl/e of Michael), lot on W line of Church
street, S3 S of Twenty-eighth, S 25 by W
100; $10.
Jacob and Lina Herman to Simon C'ohn, lot
on N line of Twenty-third street, 125 \V of
Hoffman avenue (Ellen), W 25 by N 114. lot
169. Heyman Tract; $10.
Peter B. and Kate Quinlan to Kate F. Quin
lan, lot on S line Green street, 137:6 X of Hyde,
E 6R:9 by S 137:6: gift.
Samuel A. Sanderson vj. Moses Ellis and
others (by George D. Toy, referee) to Moses
Elliß, lot on N corner of Bryant and Eighth
streets. NE 103:1^ by KW 137:6; $12,000.
Christian and Elizabeth Ruhland to Frederick
Ruhland, lot on RW corner of Clement street
and Thirty^econd avenue, S 100 by \Y 120; $L
Same to name, lot on NE corner of Point
Tx.lx.s and Thirty-third avenues, N 100 by E
120; $1.
Same to sajne. lot on E line of Thirty-third
avenue, 100 S of Clement street, S 200 by E
120; |1.
Same to same, lot on W line of Thirty-second
nvrn>ie, 100 N of Point l>obop, N 200 by W
120; $1.
William H. and I^ulu E. Chapman to Solomon
Otr. lot on S line of J street, 52:6 E of Ninth
avenue. E 50 by S 1W; $10.
A. K. P. Harmon and Etta H. Edwards to
James E. Murphy, lot on E line of Eleventh
avenue. 200 N of N street. N 25 by E 120; $10.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to Joseph Hornich, lot 838, Rift map
2: $10.
Arthur C. Barker to Mabel C. Parker, lot on
S line of Clarendon avenue. 301 :9> j E of Stan
van street. F. BO* B H. W 50. N . fi:B, block 11,
subdivision 2. Clarendon Heights; $10.
Alameda County.
Elizabeth A. and Arthur A. Tike to Annie E.
Iyigan. lot on SE line of Twelfth avenue. KANE!
of Baat Twenty-fourth street. NE 50 by SE
150, Mock 150, Clinton. East Oakland; JlO.
John Meads to J. T>. a. >loffman. lot on E
line of Eleventh street. 17640 S from S line of
right of way of Berkeley Rrnnoh Railroad, E
1M by R s;:fi, I. lock 26. Beaudry and Peladeau
property. Oakland Township; J5.
Joseph P.oardman to Man" E. H. Boardman,
lot on S lin» of Wonsley street. 250 E of Calais.
E SO by P is:., being lot 16, block E, Harmon
Tract Berkeley: gift.
Catherine Semeria (executrix "state nf Joseph
Semeria) to .Iran ("Jalan, all interest in lot on
SE corner of Ninth street and University ave
nue. S K0 by E 80, block 99. Tract B. Berkeley
T... and T. 1 Association. Berkeley; grant.
A. C. Berthler, A. E. Shaw and Elmhnrst
T^nd Company to Esther M. Vincent, lots ?■*
and 30, Elmhurnt Park. Brooklyn Township;
HO.
Doris Hener to Oeorge F. Heiier. lot on W
line of Charles street. 55 N of I^oulsa. N 40 by
W 140, Alameda : JlO.
Jaclnto and Maria Veirra to Manwell Vierra
Ctrustee for Maria Vierra). same: $100.
John R. Glnscork land as trustee estate of
WHllam H. Glascock). Alfred If. Blnw and
Mary A. Well (trustees under deed of Mary
A. Blow) to Kern and Delia Norton, lot on S\V
corner of Thirty-second and Filbert streets. ~W
inn by S 2i. Heine lot I, block 670. Olascock
Tract. Oakland: JlO.
Pan Francisco Pavines I'nlon to James p.
Taylor, lot on S line of Sixth street. 123 E of
Wehster. E 2"> by S 100. block 37. Oakland: 510.
A. E Shaw and Elmhun»t Land Co. to Cath
erine Carreges, lots 44. 4". and 46, Elmhurst
Park, Brooklyn Township: $1".
Builders' Contracts.
John F. Boyd (owner) with O. E. Brady &
Ron (contractor), architects McDougall Bros.
Brick work, terracotta flue lining?, etc., for a
3-story brick building with basement on lot on
NE line of Stewart street, 153:4 XW of Mis
sion, NW 45:10 by NE 137:8; $7540.
Same with J. K. McKay (contractor), archi
tect same. Carpenter and mill work, glazing,
stairs, roofing, skylight, etc., also outside and
inside painting for same on same; J6580.
Same with California Iron Construction Co.
(contractors), architects same. Iron work for
same on same; $7225.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
OR AND HOTEL.
T Meyers, Bloomfleld Mrs Browning. S Jose
B Rush, Sulsun J Brook?, Red Bluff
H Scrlbner, S Dak Mrs J Brooks, R Bluff
.T A Gaylord. NY C Lindsay. S Cruz
J Zimmerman, Raeto F Ruhstatter, Sacto
J Blacow. Irvingtnn X Armstrong. lowa
C J Siebold. St Paul E Puffenberger, Cal
L H Lawton, St Paul Mrs T Dwyer, Sacto
W Hyrup, Alameda Miss I Fitch. Sacto
C H Fink. Crows Ldg T J Lon~ Grldley
Mrs <■ Fink, c'mws I J E Pnra, Walnut Grve
Ml!=f Hlrach. Crows L T Rose. Cal
E Van Patten, Dayton Mrs Holmes, Cal
J Rico & w, Visalia Miss Hdmeß, Cal
Miss Anderson, Cal Mrs L Bplcer, N'oank
A Bacon, S Jose W T Bplcer, Noank
H Clayton. X V F M Kraua. St Ix>uis
C B Shaver, Frrsno G C Barstow. Marposa
H Coombs. Visalia M M Lucky. Hockburn
R R Fox, Kansas M McLaughlin, Mops
H L Morron, Ukiah B T Boose, Jamestwn
A Rosendale, Pac Grv W H Kelly, Antioch
Dr Whitney, S Cruz S R Roach Chicago
C R Morris, Sonora
BALDWIN HOTEL.
T Halsey, S Jose S E Giberja & w, Mcx
M E Harris, Oakland C Harden. Pomona
T Toble & w, Seattle H Craig & W. Ontario
Mrs H E Swift Wash C B Wlgham, Ljndon
F Dood, Fresno L Hemmmway & w,
J Cain, Newman Mont
8 Migliavacca, Napa R Hawkins &8. Term
W Hendricks & w, Cal R E Bermlngton. H I
Miss Nlccolls & s Cal Miss Cummins, Maa«
E N Altland, L Ajir O S Osborne, L Ang
C A Merritt & w, Cal C Hale. Denver
P Miller, Fla R E Bunter, Utah
J McMillan <& w. Term J C McPherson. Utah
8 Bates. Mobile : Mrs Wilson, L Ang
6 R Landls &b, Ind jC D O'Brien &w, Cal
J Q Falrbank, Ind
PALACE HOTEL.
Dr J A Silverman, Cal O G Sage. Sacto
S F Gltterman, 111 R Mlchaelson. Germny
E S de Oolyer, CaJ P Graf, Hamburg
AHA Merton, Boston J A Hittel, Chicago
J Gallagher & b, Cal S Oilman, New York
S C Kellogg. NY J M Pherred. NY
E L Heller, w & 3 eh, J W Searles & w, Utah
New York F Dyer. Salt Lake
Miss C Retoder, NY J M Wells. St Louie
J H Dorian. Chicago E S Churchill & w.C.al
H C Davidson N V W R Harlow, Arizona
H A Hlggtns & w. IlliJ Vlosca & w. Mexico
H G Guimaraes, c tt l ,
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
F A Rice Aw, Cal iJ Moynlhan, Fresno
H Loman. San Diego |C McNulty. Visalia
B H Webster & f. Mass Mrs F H Small. Ogden
G Banienhauer, <'al R Johnson. Seattle
C E Bailie. Sacto B C Hurlburt, \Ms
A Tensol, St Louis C W Peterson, Callstga
W V Cartell, Los Ang E J Pepke, N D
W G Barlow. Stockton T B Renoquln, N V
J C Fenruson. Seattle P Murtha, Petaluma
M F Bradley. Victoria 'J X Sutton, San Josa
S Harris, Fresno I
SAN FRANOSCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Franclaco
Call, corner of Market and Third streeta. open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
SS7 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
€21 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
IS4I Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth, open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street; open until t o'clock.
1626 Mlßslon street; open until » o'clock.
1605 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second ana Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
CHURCH NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.—
Rev. John Stephens, pastor; residence 303
HalKht st. Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45 p.
m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Subject at 11 a. m., "The People and the
Church," and at 7:45 p. iu.. "Some Moral
Aspects of the Present War." Sunday-school
at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins superintendent.
Epworth League meeting: at 6:45 p. m. Prayer ,
meeting Wednesday evening at 7:45 o'clock.
The public cordially invited to all the ser-
vices of this church. Seats free. Ushers in
attendance.
MEETING NOTICES.
ORIENTAL Lodge No. 144, F. & A. ■
M. — Officers and members are hereby ,_^\_
notified to attend the funeral of IK.3C
THOMAS R. KNOX from the Masonic / V >
Temple, SUNDAY.- June 5, at 2 p. m. Breth-
ren and friends are cordially Invited.
A. S. HUBBARD, Secretary.
PACIFIC Lodge No. 136. F. and A. M., ■
121 Eddy M., meets THIS EVENING, yj\-
7:30 o'clock. 3 I). Master Masons in-l£>C
vited. '" x
■ GEORGE PENLINGTON. Secretary.
ORIENTAL Encampment No. 57, I. O. *> /g
O. K.— Patriarchs arc requested to at- }f
tend the regular session THIS (SAT- S\
URDAY) EVENING. Action will beX X
had on the proposed amendment to the con-
stitution relative to non-beneficial member-
ship. A reception will be tendered to the
"boys in blue." Conferring of degrees, etc.
All patriarchs are cordially invited.
R. C. BLACK. C. P.
W. S. POTTER. Scribe.
TERRA BUENA Lodge No. 15, I. o£ji«4to>
O. O. F.— Officers and members -SgrSK^:
are hereby notified to assemble in rSSF—fei"
Memorial Hall at 1:30 p. m. SUN- / '""
DAY to attend the funeral of our late
brother, W. K. WIGGIN.
JAMES BOYES, Recording- Secretary.
COURT Occidental No. 6676, A. O. F.->«_j(r
Officers and members of the above \^f
court are requested to attend th" Jf'\
funeral of our late brother, JAMKt- s&_j
JACKSON, on SUNDAY, June B, at 1:30 p.m.,
from A. O. F. Hall, 102 O'Farrell st. Inter-
ment, Foresters' plat. Mount Olivet Ceme-
tery. J. T. VINAL. C. R.
SPECIAL, NOTICES.
NOTICE to the people of Berkeley— l have
made repeated application to the Trustees of
Berkeley for a license to sell liquor, and in
every Instance, notwithstanding the fact that
I have filled all the necessary requirements,
I have been refused the same upon some
trivial pretense or other. The Trustees have !
even resorted to losins my application in
order to defeat the efforts of an honest I
woman to make a living for herself and
children and secure some return for her
capital Invested in real estate in Berkeley.
MRS. C. HIGGIXS.
NOTlCE— Abandoned children In the Roman
Catholic Orphan Asylum since January, 1897:
Ellen Norton, age 10 years; Katherine Norton,
9 years; Mary McDonald, 10 years; Kather-
ine Cafferty, 7 years; Clara Pratt, 12 years;
Francis Williams, 7 years; Rosetta McGulre. j
7 years; Margaret Gomez, 8 years; Evelina
Gomez, 6 years.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth St.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made:
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO.. 415 Montgomery st., room 6; tel. 6680.
ROOMS papered from $2 50; whitened, $1. Hart-
mann Paint Co.. 343 Third st. and 2808 24th.
MANICURING and alcohol baths. LILLIE
STANLEY, 7 Grant ave.; room 123. first floor. i
MISS R. CLEVELAND, from the East— Baths, j
massage; assistants. 17 Grant ave., room 1.
MISS MYRTLE POTTER, JR Market, rm. 12,
opp. Baldwin; steam baths and massage.
CABINET vapor tub; good as new; at a bar-
gain. Room 17, 116 Grant ave.
AT. VINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. H.v 2 Turk anfl 1118 Market, rms, 10-16.
MISS L. DEAN, 917 Market: parlo* 11 and 12.
Turkish baths and massage treatment.
MME. HANSEN. latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st. __^ :
MRS. STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120>4 Geary st., room 11.
MISS MAY'S genuine electric treatment for
rheumatism. 108 Grant ave.. room 4.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans;
baths and massage. 1118 Market St.. rm. 8.
ELEVENTH. 106-Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WAKTED-FEMALE^
SUPERIOR Swedish cook desires situation;
willing to do housework; 3 years last place,
city or country. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
NEAT young German girl desires situation at
housework or as nurse; $10 to $15; references, i
MISS CULLEX, 323 Sutter st. '
COMPETENT French girl desires situation as j
second girl or nurse, $15; reterences. MISS
CULLEN 325 Sutter st. - '■•'■■■■
; FIRST'CLASS Swedish cook and laundress de-
sires situation; best references; city or coun-
i try. MISS CULLEX. 325 Sutter st. ; _____
2 FIRST-CLASS English girls desire situations
as cook- and second girl; best of references.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st. . :
DANISH house girl, good cook and house-
■ worker; city or country: $15 to $20. MRS.
NORTON. 313 Sutter, st. Tel. Green 721.
GERMAN second girl and nurse desires a situ-
ation. , J. F. CROSETT CO., 316 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation to
. do light housework; is good cook: city or
short distance In country; will work for I
moderate wages, 10 Stockton place, ■ between
Post and Sutter sts. - • «
NEAT reliable girl wishes housework In small
family; is a good cook; would do plain wash;
please state number in family and wages; no
postals. Box 464, Call office. :: :-^ ,
SITUATIONS WANTED— Continued.
MIDDLE-AGED American widow wishes posi-
tion as housekeeper on ranch where only one
table Is served; or will cook for men on
ranch; understands buttermaking: good cook;
references, Apply room 13, Ahlborn Hotel,
323 Grant ave.
YOUNG refined German lady wishes situation
as housekeeper, governess or companion;
speaks English. Address box 462, Call office.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class nurse: can
lake full charge of in f ant; city references;
city or country. Call or address 1575 Market.
REFINED, middle-aged lady, good references;
city or country; light work and sewing; any*
position of trust. Box 492, Call office.
WANTED— By a respectable young lady, posi-
tion as housekeeper; 2 or 3 in family pre-
ferred. Box 23, B office. Call 106 11th st.
POSITION wanted as maid; fine hairdresser;
no objection to take care of child; hotel pre-
ferred. MISS BROWN. 2711 Bryant st.
SCOTCH woman wishes situation as cook or
houseworker in private family. 901 Post st.
WOMAN wants work by the day, cleaning,
washing and ironing. 1579 Fifteenth st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes position to do
light housework. Address 242S Geary st.
GERMAN woman wishes a situation doing
general housework; good plain cook: $10 to
$12 per month; city or country. 207 Eddy St.,
near Taylor.
YOUNG girl wishes postlon to do upstairs work
and plain sewing or lady's maid; no objec-
tion to travel. Call 1324A Webster st.
RELIABLE girl wishes situation In institu-
tion for pantry or dining room work; city or
country. Box 513, Call office.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day to do
laundry work in private families. 1224 Union,
SCANDINAVIAN wants work by the day;
washing and cleaning. 1331 Fulton st.
RESPECTABLE German woman wishes to do
housework or work in hotel or restaurant.
Please address MRS. DARWADZ. 220 Mont-
gomery ave.
WANTED — Situation as nurse by young woman
capable of taking full charge of infant. Call
or address Nurse. 2V<S Elm St., Oakland.
WOMAN wißhes work by the day washing or
Ironing or housecleaning. 109 Locust ave.
GERMAN-AMERICAN woman with daughter
8 years wishes- situation to do housework In
small family; wapes $8: good worker; refer-
ence. Call or address 1316 Vermont St., near
Twenty-fourth.
RELIABLE woman would like sewing to do
at hcme. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1807 Harri-
son st.
«15 LARKIN-Rranch office of The CalK Bub^
Bcriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED-MALK.
CHINESE and Japanese Employment Office;
best help. 414% O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 42«.
CHINESE and Japanese lestab. 20 yean) help;
tel. Maine 1897. BRADLEY <Sc CO.. 640 Clay st.
YOUNG man, 21 years old. Industrious, re-
liable, no bad habits, wants employment;
willing to work hard at anything to make an
honest living; would like to \Cork for board;
handy with tools and In working about house.
Address box D. H., Call office, OaJUand.
WORK wanted of any kind; a good painter and
paper hanger; knowledge of all building tools;
good man for property or real estate owners;
will work cheap !'>r a steady Job. Apply H.
8., postoffice, Fruitvale, Cal.
WANTED — By a flrst-cliiss machinist and en-
gineer, also good blacksmith; good refer-
ences; married; age 32; long job desired. Call
or addresß 781 Mission st., room 3;.
ENGINEER would like a position in city or
country; is a machinist and blacksmith; had
12 years city experience ; can give good refer-
ences. 2!>53 Harrison st.
WANTED— Position by young man from the
East as clerk, bookeeper or cashier; five
years' general office experience; references.
Box 4425, Call office.
JAPANESE, first-class laundryman, also good
all-around houseworker, wishes a situation In
private family in city or country. J. MIL'KA,
',21 .Ipssie st.
}•< iSITK IN wanted as salesman in hardware or
house furnishing bouse; can furnish Al refer-
ences. H. MAXI iEHVILLE, 40S Van Ness.
MAN and wife, no children, wish situations
on farm, private or mining place; references.
1032 Howard st.
SITUATION wanted by an experienced and
trustworthy man in furniture or grocery busi-
ness. Box i%, Call office.
JAPANESE, good cook and waiter, wants posi-
tion; good references. R. FRANK, Japanese
Mission, l'lne st.
JAPANESE wants place to do general house-
work or garn>ner. Address C, box 6, Call
office, Oakland.
WANTED By certificated hoisting engine-
driver: gold field preferred. Box 500, Call.
YOUNG German, 24, wishes work of any kind;
bandy as waiter or anything concerning
housework: 14 months' city relerences. Ad-
dress box 504, Call "ffloe.
YOUNG man Just from Sweden wishes a posi-
tion In private family; small wages required.
Bos 532, fall office.
JAPANESE- -Experienced lithographer or pho-
tographer, wants position. T. MICAMI, Jap-
anese Mission, ."33 Sixteenth st.. Oakland.
AN all around cook wants situation in hotel
or restaurant. Apply or address after S a. m.,
1613 Mission st.
RELIABLE man wants situation a.s watchman:
references. Address box 613, Call office.
POSITION as nurse or traveling companion to
invalid gentleman by young man, aged 30;
experienced traveler; excellent references.
Address box 625, Call office.
COACHMAN, flrst-cl.iss. wants situation: thor-
ough with tine horses, carriages and harness;
single; understands fancy gardening; can
milk; best references. Address box 4490. Call.
ENGLISH fiirniPr. ager l , 2S. desires situation on
ranch; experienced horseman; good references.
J. 8., box i:i3. Call office.
ENGINEER wnnts position: take charge of an
electric light plant or any kind of machinery-
Address M. FREDRICKS, H2 Eighth st.
GENERAL blacksmith, married, no children,
wants work: steady place the object. Box
529, ''all Office.
WANTED Situation as engineer or engineer
and fireman: city or country. Apply T. G. P.,
boa 522, Call.
FIRST-CLASS meat cook in hotel, European
plan: also wife as chambermaid; years of ex-
perience. Address box 4520. Call office.
JAPANESE man and wife, man first-class
cook wife good waiter, want situations;
City 'or country. Address T. TATSUMI. 407
Port st.
BOOKKEEPER— Competent, first-class double
entry and correspondent, desirvs position of
trust: Al city references. Box 4563. Call.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms. 25c to $1 50 night: $1 50 to
$fi week: convenient and respectable; free
'bus and baggage to and from ferry.
MARKE' 4- -Branch office of Tlv Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
HELP WANTED— FEMALE.
3 HOUSEWORK girl, city, $15: 1 housework
girl. Oakland. $20; 1 housework girl, country,
$25. Pacific Employment Office, 777 Market.
LADY'S companion: dental parlor matron;
office correspondent ; forelady, to-day. 313 Bush.
EDUCATED Indy for clerical position of re-
sponsibility, select ladies' trade, to-day. 313
flush st.
FRENCH Klrl, grown child, $23. MISS CUL-
LEN. 126 Butter st.
MAN and wife, no objection to 1 child. $25;
easy place. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
WAITRESS, restaurant, |20. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
SECOND girl, $20; nurse, $20. MISS CULLEN,
125 Sutter st.
NEAT girl, light housework, $12. MISS CUL-
I.K.V 525 Butter at.
CHAMBERMAID and waitress, $15. MISS
cn.I.KN. 325 Sutter st.
NURSEGIRL, 2 '-hlldren, 3 and 5, Alameda.
MISS CULLEN, 32.'. Suttor st.
WOMAN with a child, $15; ranch. MISS CU.L-
LEN, 825 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK Klrl, Oakland, 2 in family. $2n :
housework, Menlo, $20. MISS CULLEN, 825
Sutter st.
WAITRESS, country, $20; head waitress, $25;
chambermaid ami assist wait, $20: cook, small
restaurant, $-5: E waitresses, $15; chamber-
maid and waitress, country. $20. half fare
paid: German or Swedish second girls, $20;
bouse girls. Nevada. Sonora and San L«andro
$20 and $25: 3 girls, city. $25: IS young girls
for $12. C. R. HANSEN & CO, 104 Geary st.
DISH pantry Firl, $22 50 and board. C. R.
HANSEN .v CO.. i"4 Geary st.
CHAMBERMAID r >"' the springs, $2fli! C. iT
HANSEN & CO., I'M Geary Bt
DRESSMAKER by the dny: one who can cut
and Bt. C. R. gXNSBN & CO., 104 Geary st.
HOI'SE girl/ Sausalito. $25: Alameda, $20
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COLORED women, country. $25; middle-aged
woman for chamberwnrk. Oakland, $10, lipht
work; middle-aped woman as companion, $10
MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter St
COOK. $30; bOOSe eirl. RS; 3 house girls, at $20
each: S young girls to assist. $10 to $15: nurse
Klrl. $12: middle-aged woman, small ranch
$20. MRS. NORTON. 313 Sutter st.
COOK for mechanics' boarding-house, near
city; $2a. HOTEL GAZETTE. 420 Kearny st.
HELP WANTED- Continued.
COOK, no wash, American family, $30. see
lady here at 11 to-day; colored cook and sec- ;
ond girl, $25 and $20; aecond girl and laun- j
dress, $25; 4 German. French and Scandinav- j
ian second girls and nurses, $20; 2 working !
housekeepers, $15; waitress, country hotel, |
$.20; and a large number of girls to fill situa-
tions in city and country. J. F. CROSETT j
& CO., 316 Sutter st.
5 WAITRESSES, different country hotels, $20; ,
girls for housework, country. MURRAY &
READY. 634 and 636 Clay st.
DRESSMAKING and millinery thoroughly i
taught by the only system receiving gold I
medals in Europe and America: cash or
weekly payments; patterns cut to fit 25 cents
up; send for circular. McDowell Dressmaking
and Millinery School. 103 Post st.
IN EXCHANGE for light service will teach
young lady bookkeeping; experience not nec-
t-ssary. Box 476, Call office.
WANTED— GirIs tor sewing and finishing.
106 Battery st.
PROTESTANT woman wanted for the country;
two in family. 303 Castro St., cor. Sixteenth.
YOUNG girl for housework; $12. 1124 Green-'
wich st., near Hyde. . ■. ; ; i,
WANTED— A girl to help In the kitchen; res-
taurant. S3O Howard st.
WANTED— A good waitress. Fisher Restaur-
ant. 134 Third st.
EXPERIENCED operators on duck coats.
MAJOR CON WAY, 86 Flood building.. j
WANTED — Young, unmarried woman as cham-
bermaid. Apply Central Hotel, 530 Third st.
WANTED— good operators on pants; also
finishers. 560 Fourth St., near Brannan.
HONEST, respectable girl for general house- I
work; good home. 877 Shotwell st.
WOMAN to work two hours dally in exchange
for room. 865^t Market St., Maple House.
COOK to assist with housework; references.
2409 Jackson st. ; call in morning.
LEARN dresima. ng and millinery; positions
free; patterns 25c up. McDowell's. 103 Post. ■
LAWRENCE Dresscutting School, 1079 Market
■t. ; perfect fit; no trying on: trial free.
HELP WANTED- MALE.
A— "FREE" FARE "FREE" !
To-day we want to ship one passenger car
load of 55 as teamsters, laborers, etc., "free";
"free" "fare." MURRAY A READY. Lead- i
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
BAKERS BAKERS — BAKERS -
Baker, city shop, German, $11 week; baker,
shop near city. $45 and found: baker, near
city, hotel. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st.
A—3sA — 35 FARM, orchard and vineyard hands for
different places, $26, $25 and $20 and $15.
— ALSO — — — j
25 haymakers for different counties In Cali- |
fornia. $26, $25 and $20; 9 choreboys and men
for different ranches, $8, $10, $12 and $15 per
month and found; 6 milkers, $25, $20 and $15.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay st.
A— : WORK IN THIS CITY I
25 laborers, with pick and shovel, $1 75 day, '.
$1 60 day and $26 per month and found j
■ 3 stablemen, $35, $25 and $20 and found.
MURRAY & READY, Leading Employment
Agents, 634-636 Clay St..
A— TO THE WOODS AND SAWMILLS
264 woodchoppers
$1 50 and $1 cord: 254 tiemakers, Bc. 9c, 10c
and lie each. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
A— MINERS MINERS -MINERS
12 miners for a great gravel mine, $2 50 day, '
steady job. MURRAY & READY, 634-636
Clay st. -f . . ..
COOKS WAITERS DISHWASHERS
9 cooks for different places. $65, $70, $50, $40,
$30. $25; 7 waiters, $25 and $20 j
3 waiter boys, $15; 5' dishwashers, $25, $20
and $15. MURRAY & READY. Leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634*-636 Clay st.
10 TWO-HORSE teamsters for construction I
' work; board $4 50 a week. C. R. HANSEN & i
CO., 104 Geary st.
10 SCANDINAVIAN tunnelme"n, to $2 50 a day,
long job, free fare
18 scraper loaders, $1 75 a day. free fare
6 laborers, $1 «6 a day. free fare !
40 two-horse teamsters, 20 and board, free j
fare j
15 two-horse teamsters, $1 75 a day. hire to-
day to go next day free fare, coast I
road. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st. !
IRONKR, $10 a week; hand laundryman.
springs, $25. fare paid. C. R. HANSEN &
CO.. 104 Geary st. i
WAITER, $30, country hotel, private hotel, $25, |
mining town. $25. mining boarding-house, $25; j
night cook, $25; 3 day cooks, $25 to $45; cook,
! $10 a week: 3 potwashers. $25 - 7 dishwashers
I and vegetable men. $25; pantry man. springs. !
! $20: 2 bell boys, $15 and $10; porter, country
hotel. $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary. ;
3 COLORED waiters, .summer resort, fare ad-
vanced, $26; head waiter, private hotel, $35; 5
boys, offices, stores and laundry, $3 a week
up. C. R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary St.
50 BARKERS and buckers for a saw mill,
north, ' $35 and board ; 2 experienced Dolbeer
men. for Dolbeer gang in the woods, $60 and
found; 12 gravel m.'ners, $2 60 a day; 8 farm-
ers. $20; hay makers, 75c a day. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary st
PAPER-HANGER. $4 a day. see boss here. C.
R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
WANTED — Young stenographer and type-
writer; 4 drift gravel miners. $2 50 day; farm-
ers. $15. $20 and $26: milkers. $25 and $30; '
teamsters for country. $1 75 day; choreman ;
for private place, $15 to $20, and others. J. j
F. CROSETT & CO.. 628 Sacramento st.
WANTED— Steward for resort, $35; colored
cook for soldiers; second cooks. $10 and $12
week and $30; kitchen man: second baker, 1
$10 week; waiters and others. Apply to.J. I
F. CROSETT & CO., f.28 Sacramento st.
WANTED — stout boy or young man on \
a nice ranch, near city must be able to ride |
a horse, $15 per month and found : 2 wood-
choppers, good long job. $1 50 per cord, tools
and cabin furnished: waiter and bartender
for country hotel. $25: milker, $25; farmers
and others. W. D. EWER * CO., 626 Clay.
MAN and wife; small ranch; light work; $20. |
MRS. NORTON, 312 Sutter st. j
TO open 10 country stores; an incorporated
company, representing $150,000; managers and :
clerks wanted. Particulars 313 Bush st.
HEAD bookkeeper, wholesale liquor house, at
once; 2 cellarmen; bottler. 313 Bush st.
RESPONSIBLE man of good appearance as i
amusement house ticket taker. 313 Bush st.
NIGHT manager restaurant; country hotel
manager; quarry foreman; to-day. 313 Bush.
A— PACKER for flour mill; restaurant butcher.
313 Bush St.
BARBERS— barbers wanted Saturday and
Sunday. The Grand Central. 965 Market st. ; 1
GOOD barber Saturday and Sunday. 1223 Polk
street.
BARBER wanted Saturday; pay $4 for a good
man. 56 Second st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1519 Market '
St., near Eighth.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. !
306 Fifth ht . j
' 1
BARBER wanted for Saturday., 103 Eddy st.
WANTED— Barber. 227% Second st.
BARBER wanted Saturday and Sunday. 1226 i
Dupont st. : j lV:
WANTED — Barber for Saturday: wages. Call j
from 7 to 12 o'clock at 22 Montgomery ave.
GOOD barber for Saturday ana Sunday; guar-
antee $4. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED— Barber; call early. 7594 Howard.
BARBER for Saturday. 217 Fourth St.; wages i
$3. ■' . ' > <*
BARHKR wanted for Saturday. Call W Clay
street.
3 MEN to solicit and collect: part salary and |
commission. 12S£ Broadway, Oakland.
WANTED— Bushelman for to-day Saturday '
CARROLL A TII.TON. Sll Market st.
YOUNG man with some experience in butcher
business. S. DI VECCHIO, 341 Hayes st.
ERRAND boy. smart and useful. Rogerson's
Shirt Store, 521 Valencia st.
WANTED — A good proaaar on pants. 560
Fourth st.. near Brannan.
SHOEMAKER at 1903 Ellis st ; call early.
SHOEMAKER wanted on repairing. 668 How-
ard st.
WANTED— A sober young man for kitchen
work. 32 Sixth st.
SOLICITOR for dye-house. 2160 Harrison Bt..
near Nineteenth.
WANTED— Druggist or liquor merchant; in-
ducements as tenant for new stores. Apply
A. M. BPECK CO.. 802 Market st.
WINCHESTER HOUSE. 44 Third St.. near
Market; 200 rooms, J,"c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
WANTED— 3 grill workers. Apply S. F. Novel-
ty and Plating Works. 6S First, cor Mission.
WANTED— Man to attend patient; must be
strictly temperate; wages $10 pPr month and
f o»nd- Call ;n :x,2 Eighth st., Oakland.
WANTED— Seamen and ordinary Teamen for
Alaska. Puget Sound, Mexico, etc. ; apply
Mariners 1 Home. W. W. LANE, 504 Davis st.
AGENT wanted— New Parisian dye workT~ex~
_ perlence required. Call Folsom and ISth sts.
WANTED— Several lead glaziers and rattan.
Art Glass Works. 103-105 Mission.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; teL South Slil.
"HELP ' WANTED— Con.tlriiie«i.V . ; 'W
RECRUITS wanted for the • United/ - State* "■/'.
marine corps. United .States . navy;- able--
I bodied, unmarried men, between the- ages 6t ':■ °
21 and 30 years, who. are. oitizeos' pf- . tho.:-.
United States, or those who ha.ve.legaHy-."-de'-. • _;
clared their intention to become such;, must'.; .
be of good character and' habits, and- able- til • •
speak read and w.rite English..- and -.be .Wr.""-
.tween 5 feet 5 inches and fi. feet .in height'. For. . : '.
further information . apply at ..the. Te.cmi.tlna; ' ; .
office. 20 Ellis st.. Saa-. Fra-fu-isco. "-Gal..-, .■ - ■ :. : ;
WANTED— Reliable" persons' Jn -every, section to '.
distribute circulars, samples, a'nd tahlc'slßns-; ■••■
no canvassing: cash paid. WILL .A. • •MO.LT.PN, •■:.
CO.. Cleveland. Ohio. .;. ■ .'".'■ '-'. : i; r. : .. ■'.-
WANTED— and rpecha-n-fes- to rkhQW: > '■:,-
that Ed Rolkin. Reno House proprietor,. still . ; ..
runs Denver House; 217 T.hird st.: 1-50 : larga " • ■
rooms: 25c per night: SI. to $3 per .week.. ; .' •■ ';■'..
MEN'S fine calf shoes to order, : .42-50: .men's .;.'
soling, 35c.; only one price. . 958. Howard - St. . ; '■ '■■■ ''
SAILORS,' ordinary seamen,' carpenters,-, .Coasts: ; ;.
Australia, Europe. HERMAN'S. 26- St-uart at. : : '■
BARBERS' Ass'h' Free' Emjiloym't. Office. S. ■: ■ '
FUCHS, Sec. 325 Grant, .aye, ; tel. Grant 1Z&. '.-.
SINGLE rooms. 10c and l.'.c- night-: 75c and: $1.:
week. Llndell House, Sixth ami Howard sta. ,. :'.
ROSED ALE HOUSE. 321 . Ellis— lCO furnished ■'.-'■ [
rooms: 25c night; $.1 week: reading room. .' : ■■ ;.
WANTED— At Montana HouSe, 764% Mission. "!. : .
men to take rooms; T"r, . • r.-v and 25c pet \ ;
night: 60c, 90c and 51 -per week. _. •"'■■■ -. ■•:■ :■ .:'.
WANTED— To collect- wages due laborers and :
clerks. Knox Collection Agency; 110. Sutter. .".-.
TRY Acme House. 957 Market. St., below Sixth, • : \
for a room; '2sc a night;. sl a week-- ■ \. ■ - . ; '.- -
MEN to learn' barber trade in eight .week*.. 8. ,"'•'
F. Barber College. 138^ Eighth St.- . ' .' ■■■; ;
ELEVENTH,' 106— Branch 1 "of flee ; of The Call. ! :-.~.
Subscriptions and ads taken." ■ ' . -.' ■ . - . . ■;
■ AGEM'S »VA.\TKD. . ...
AGENTS wanted— Murat BaJstead'a great war '.'
book. "Our Country In- .-War-".;.: all .■ about '••-..
armies, navies, coast "defense's, Maine dtsas-: .
ter, Cuba, war with Spain' and relations with '■ -
foreign nations;- nearly 600 pages; all Written ••'•:•
since Maine disaster; -magnificent- colo'redv.il-
lustrations; agents making $10 to $3!» per' day;:. '
no experience necessary; liberal terms; . 2.Q : .- '
days' crr-dit: price low;- freight paid; outfit ...
free; send 9 2-c stamps to pay posta.se.. .E.du- : .-
cational Union, 324 Dearborn St.. Cliicago. . -.- '
THE wonderful nonpareil 'Edison dancing dolls;- .
sample by mail 25c. A. MULLIN, : 242 Minna- ■.'}.:
AGENTS wanted for "Our. Naval War With - J -
' Spain"; splendidly illustrated; onjy au- ".' 1
thentic book to be published: free' outfit now '. ■ - J
ready; act quick. National .Publishing Com* • -.
pany, Lakeside building, Chicago. ■: ™ "•■
WANTED— Agent's now selling other ; : goods to ■ :•■
handle full line lubricating, ar(d--i<ird oil" for ' ■
manufacturing and milling.tra.de tn- . .5an, ......
Francisco and vicinity. Address Lakeside' Oil '.. :
Co.. Cleveland, O. ■ •'; '. ;' '•-.- •'-'•.- '..- ■
AGENTS— AII willbuj- the Silver Maine Can-- •
non for the lapel: unsurpassed for. street -se.ll-.' - ;'
Ing; greatest war novelty: till" Van Ness.., ■■:.'■
BOX of war & Maine BOtrvenirs, flag pins, etc.; .-'.
new. mailed, .'c. 111. catalogue free; big money. ': ; : ■
CUSHMAN, M r.. 34 Oliver- St.. -Egstorr.-Masa.: -..: - ;
AGENTS to sell Dewey ..bust: sell -at. sigh.t;; : . ' ■ ■'.
large profits. 424 Pine- st.. -rooyn'-o: : : '=.:".••■ -. ; •.; :
PARTNKRS WASTED. -■
— LADY partner wanted by Eent.lernan -pos--.: . :i
sessing complete restaurant' (■•litfit : rnoney- to .:'■ . :.
open place on business thoroiiglifare. • 'Ad- • • :
dress box 15, Call office. ' '. . I/■ ... ..: r':-::r ':- ::
PARTNER with $750. who- understands liVery .- ; ;
business and is willing to yrorkr^-tefereoces';-"-:-/
exchanged. Address 2500 1.-st..' rarpp'ntn.. .: •
HOUSES AVAXTBP.' ; " v :': ' ;
WANTED— Exchange for' sjummer.' months,- .' •"
home in the mountains In- return -for' 'small •"'"■<
residence in city or vicinity; or rent cheaply.;' ■"'',.
good water, some fruit, near depot and t6wn..'--'-
Address box 434, Call office. . • ■' . : • :: : '■' • ■;. '
.uioms wasted;. ' •■ • •. ;V%
WANTED— Desk room In permanent office;'; •?
central; $5. Box 449. Call office. •"'.•- '.•• " :
: WANTED— Furnished room for 2; central;' pel- -.
vate family; about $6. Box 461. Call office:'
FIK.MTIKIi WANTED. : ' " : .
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to "19. Mont- ■ :
j gom^ry St.: highest price paid. Tel. Davis 71. ' .-.
WAKTED-MISC IUL.L. AWEOO'S. ■' .' "■'.
I WANTED— Second-hand cake "baker. 535. Va- • -'
I ' lencia st. '..'.'•'
j SITUATION wanted by first-class cook in. re- ' '.-
: sort or boarding-house. Address MRS. P. .-• ■
' MONACO, 319 Minna st. : M
SECOND-HAND Shannon letter file, 18 to H 7
drawers. P. O. box 2603.
', WANTED— At 619 Mission St.. tools, machin-
ery, metals, stoves and wrenches, etc. ■ -
CASH paid for old gold and silver; any quan- . :
! tity. ROBERT BENJAMIN. 11l Ellis st. .
! PAWNBROKER— OId gold, silver, cast-off :
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAN. 41 Third." ''
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS. "
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $6 - '
cash and $(> per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the- j
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains ■'.
in good second-hand uprights upon same easy
payments and some good pianos for $3. $4 and '. •
$s'per5 'per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO.. .
Stelnway dealers, corner Kearny .and Sutter
Fts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth, and ". '
Broadway. Oakland. , . " - :
ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest- house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S. ■ •'
26, 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs • : ■
and all other musical Instruments of all ' - -
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low- . ;
est. Everything possible done to please and ..'•
satisfy the customer. ' ■••■".• - •'
WE are offering some great piano bargains In
second-hand pianos; fine ones $155: others in, •
proportion. BENJ. CURTAZ SON, 16-18-29 -..
O'Farrell st. ; Chickoring i.^ents. •
CLARK WISE & CO.. 41 Geary St., cor. Grant ' •
ave., offer three ways to buy a p'rjyno; no" ■'
trouble to explain particulars. Conover Agts.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a ■ bickering f or ■' '
$90; examine list of .bargains this week. THEI
F. W. SPENCEJt CO.. 0:;3 Market.st. ■,.".;
SOHMER & CO.. Byron Mauzy. Newby, Evans, "
Briggs and other plan - see our rent .plan; ■ •
no interest first year. SOS. 3JO, 312 Post st. ...
NEW pianos rented, $2 50 per mohili. SCOTT-;
CURTAZ PIANO CO.. 660 Ilay^s' st.'
BEST goods: lowest -prices: ' easy pnyrnents; " '
pianos to rent at MAUVAIS'. 769" Market >«t. . |.
BARGAINS— |IOO. $1'."5."" $150: agenevfatnou* . "'
' Haines Bros! W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post st. -.'
GREAT bargains; Decker.' Schubert,.' Steinway. .'
Neumnn. others. Hornung's, 21S " McAllister.' "..-
"AD" smallest;- price lowest: uprights $7.3 Up;- • •'•■'
rents $2 up.- HEINE. 136"Elirs .'■.•.'..•••. ".-
A COOD upright, very cheap. lti..~Mc A Ulster "'
St.. next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITg.'"";. ' '"
KNABE pianos: new scale: ■' ne.w.' ■■ styles. •'
KOHLER ft CHASE. 30 O'Farrfl'r .at" , ; : ' ;
SUPERIOR 'violins, zithers; old and., nfw, • H. . ■;."
MULLER, maker, repairer; - " Lathairf . place. •.■
EDUCATIONAL^ ..... ... : "
HEALD'S Business College. 24 Post' st.. Book-
keeping, business practice, .shorthand,- typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branches; .
electrical, civil and mining enjdneerins?; sur- -
veying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers.; 110flr : grad-
uates placed since 189!; catalogue. -- - -. .-
AIRES' Business College. 723" Market.' st. {
individual instruction in shorthand", typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, tic. : life scholar-»
ship, $50; low/ rates per week and- month. •
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; ■»'
course In Tarr's counting "room makes "you "
thorough. Room '572/ 555 Market. St.- ". . ;'_
UNIVERSITY Coach— Newel Perry.Ph. 8. ,' Fel- • ■
low in Mathematics, U. C, 2407 S. Atherton.
nr.Channlng way, Berkeley ;wrlte for circular.- .
ENGINEERING School: civil; electrical, min- ■
ing, mech. survey, assay. archU- ; day ■& "eve •' ■•*'
est. 1564. VAN PER. NAILLEN.; 033 Market. ' •
SHORTHAND taught in one- month: terms $IQ>. '
students should investigate, 712 Van Ness, * ; -
LOST..* -.- •■ . " . ;. .' •-• ,
EYE glasses on Turk. st. Return to i6 ' M&rr •
terrace, off Turk, near Hyde. . -.- . '[.
LOST— Leather watch fob; gold buckle; chana '•
attached; reward. 147 '-Larkin' si. • ; .-'
LOST, Sunday night— A white- and yellow : dogt ; -
name Spitz. Finder .will-- bring to" ■ M. F 'V 1
RADKE. 225 Polk St., and rec'elye reward. ■" "
LOST— A passbook with The Hlbernia: Saving's' : "
and Loan Society of San . Franoisco, in th«' '"'
name of DANIEL CONNOLLY, No. 2111318. -
The finder will please return to Bank. ■.; ■ •'.•■;
ATTORN AT- I^Vr" . -,'.-'
ALL private law cases, insolvency, collections^. °V
_ free advices open ev.- Atty McCabe. 103 Larkin.; . ' :
L. S. CLARK— Emma Sprockets' bids.",- ft27 Mar- ■'
ket; consultation free; no fees .In . advance. .•"
ADVICE free on all legal- matters. "T. F, •
Stack. 14 McAllister st., room 64. - „ ' •
ADVICE free; no charge" .unless successful.
W. W. DAVIDSON, 527 Markei at. . \
STORAGE? '■■••.  ;'.
I FURNITURE, tr-nks." etc. Golden West Stor- i
age warehouse, 840 Mission, st.;. tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPH . Storage" and '.Moving Co. ; '.
office, Tenth and Market,: telephone" South 166. "• *
*~ Frnfri-f'cßJ.l kor. SALE. :
FURNITURE of a 6-room'flat fqr^aalfc A»- '
ply Cail office, • " " '. -':•■•••/;:•;••• BUSINESS CHANCES.
■'•;. 3TABLISHED and Orst class pay-
• ■_■ }rig;*alqon; close to Baldwin Hotel; low rent;
: .-. elegant fixtures; a great sacrifice; Important
..■ business calls owner north. Call WILKE.
,'• >:■•. Market st.'
;'. A » ■,; I .R ;• A 1 i IANT lit the very best loca-
•.• '• tWn ; .uolng a rushing business; first-class
... •.p.riees.an.i b«st clats custom; low rent. In-
■ ._<! ■ • V'lLKt;, 7t>3 Market St. .
■' •:a- .-:- ■■• BAL< min close to water front; low
■ •' rent; rooms; doing a good paying business.
•■ • ) WILKE. 783 Market st.
r'tioO- PARTNER. wanted in good paying liquor
v ... .store: .targe stock; very best location; owner 1
■■ • : wants an honest, industrious man. See
• . ,_^ll.k':. 7SJ Market st.
;'"■ A— $1750; BEST-PAYING restaurant in city; >■*-
■■.• uibhshed ear*; kept by owner the last five
■■•. yeais; -private rooms; the very best business
•■ -. location; average dally receipts above $40. In-
' - °. ufr e WILKE. 753 Market st.
. ■ '$25vO^-OLD-ESTABLISHED saloon In choicest
'. -. flown- town location, with building; long
■■ .■ lease; .doing a first-class paying buM;
• • ■ other engagements compel owner to sacrifice.
• ' yiLKE. 783 Market st.
'.MOO BALOON: first-class business; close to
" Phelar. building; a bargain. See WILKE
. JB3 Market Bt. .
$13.0— CORNER batcher shop; best part in Mis-
sion; neat store, bound to attract custom;
••■ receipts $9 to $10; Saturdays $25; all cash
trad departure cause of sale; great sacri-
. flee. .U. LESS. 765 Market st.
91100 CORNER saloon and lunch house, princi-
pal street heart of city; old established; large
stock; handsome fixtures; business speaks for
Itself; -full investigation to prove that this
toffer Is actually worth $1500; present owner
there' for years; sickness compelling sale.
Apply M. LESS, 765 Market St., opposite Phe-
lan" building.
". • $1£ Old-established corner s&loon* best part
of ' city-, front ; handsomely fitted up; enjoys
large patronage of most desirable class of
trade; full Investigation II you mean busi-
. ness. M. LESS, 766 Market st.
Saloon with 10 rooms, including furniture;
. vicinity of East and. Market sts.; reasonable
rent: a live man can make a fortune in this
•■.■in a few years. M. LESS, 766 Market.
princi] al street, heart 04
HVini nt $.'.". baking r^ Isbls. flour
per day; all store trade; impossible to Ond
anything better In this line. M LLJ^S 7(iJ
M;iri • ■
$75 PER month will secure you lease of dairy
business cl.-arlng now H6O to $SOO per m mth.
Ity required; trial given. M. LESS
Market Ft
/ IN tt healthy .farming locality, a blacksmith
. shop and well established business; comfort-
able dwelling; orchard bearing enough fruit
I for family; chicken house, barn and a water
capacity, which pays $" per month; business
clears a net profit of $1800 to $2000 per year;
. object retiring. Apply McLAUGHLIN & '<>..
23 Kearny st.
$250— FRUIT store: good horse and wagon; bar-
gain, Mclaughlin & C0.,23 Kearny ft.
$160-^RESTAURANT: bargain this day; leaving
the- city: Mclaughlin a; co., 23 Kearny.
■ $200-VPARTNER- wanted li paying legitimate
business; "will pay to each over to daily. Mo-
. LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny St.
$2500- -SALOON T and club rooms for sale or ex-
change; . city or country property near the
city.. Mclaughlin & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
A— KREDO. & CO. 22S Geary st.
• '-. • UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
-. $760 — Corn grocery and bar; 4 furnished
...*'. rooms. ffFW
■ . $176— Grocery" and bar; give-away.
$Soo— Delicacy: fine corner: with living rooms.
" $450 — Best: -ring gallery; cigp.r-stand.
1 ■ . For particulars call on KREDO & CO.
• A- $1000: wood, .coal, hay, grain and livery sta-
" ble; clears $200; full value of stock. KREDO
,; & <:0.. ':...•
$400— SALOON and 10 furnished rooms; all
rented; .saloon doing fine business; best loca-
tion- in city;- rent $20 month. BASILE, 573V4
• . • or 1039- Market St.
• . -^ — :
• .A— sSCo^-CORNER grocery and bar; without
. • ' doubt one of the best- business corners.
' ■ Partner wanted; commission business.
J3o6— Saloon; old-established ; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
". .-■ restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
". AT a. bargain— A strictly first-class meat mar-
; " . ket.; One of the best in the city; good locality;
: established 1870; must be sold at once. Ad-
.. ..- dress box 496, Call office.
.: -. $500— FINE milk delivery route In Santa Rosa;
: •' 5 horses, 2 .wagons, harness and all the ap-
••• ■ plluriees-; military call reason for sale; refer-
enogß". 2201 Stelner st.
. - PARTNER wanted"; suited to plain, steady
."• . man •satisfied with $15 to $25 a week; trial
• " given; short hours;. duties light. 31 Third st.,
■ ro.om-i; apply from 10 to 12 a. m.
:' FIRST CLASS bakery and restaurant, with 11
M lurnlshed rooms; large grounds; located in
w ' best business town 1 hour from city; will sell
"• reasonable. L. 11., box 460, Call office.
GOOD cash milk business; I wagons; 2 routes;
3 horses; milk depot; cheap; owner leaving
town. U". P.. box 7,. Call office. Oakland.
REAL estate and Insurance business in grow-
ing neighborhood; chance lor enterprising
than. -301 Noe Ft.
FOR Sale— Saloon, stock and fixtures; owner
■ leaving for Klondike. Call at 434 Pine st.,
near Kearny.
WANT-ED -Bakery, notion or cigar business:
■■ . will pay cash; not over $150. Address box 514,
•■ " Calf office.
. PARTY with $300 for gravel claim; work year
, '. : rgund.- . Box 497, CaTl office.
FOR sate — Saloon and restaurant; cheap rent;
_^leaae. 3232 Mission at., near Twenty-ninth.
'• GROCERY store for sale. Inquire at 220 First
• st v northwest corner Tehama.
• PARTNER wanted with $250 In a best-location
Vrestaiirant. Box 493. Call office.
." WANTED to buy, 20 to 36-room house; central;
.-; . at bargain; no agent. Box 491. Call office.
. " FOR. SALE— Home bakery, notions, tamales;
".- /,?Q.bd .-trade;- cheap rent. 1913 Howard st.
.'".- SHOE shdp, JCO, includnig bine, tools. 525
"-. -iLaguna st.
j : SNAP ran milk business; good milk from
..;-. "courttrj: secured; cash trade clearing $150 per
..month; $300 down, balance 6 months" time;
• ; -. qornc; wagon, cans, eta Box 11, Call office.
-.. $i'»- ; I'AIKV depot, with small butter route;
''• koo<l.-j>a"ying business; low rent; reason of
'.'"' .'i-.'\ll.ing,';going East. Address box 510, Call.
i PARTNER wanted with $2000 in a Wholesale
"• ;■ a,n?i retail liquor business. Address box 508,
-.' :" ;" c»w vnice.
• COMPLETELY fitted butcher shop for sale;
; . reasonable; also business. Call at 318 Mission.
■' FORs.-ule-ehf-ap — Corner grocery and bar; nicely
.' ". 10.-at/:'!. Inquire 1400 Folsom St., cor. Tenth. ;
! FFR-ST-jeLASS rt-staurant for sale. Address
.' ; taU.'ag^ncy, Stockton.
:.=: .= xbTION. i>tore and bakerj- for sal*-; less than
■•: .bsH-irnust Bit 1619 Grove at., Oakland.
:. Tv : n-T-k' to a resj>on«lble party, who under-
,-■ . ataiiils the business, .a Hflrst.-class roadside
.'.^Jnf'use-^nd hotel. Apply 239 Market at.
.'■ .}. I \V.'AXTF,I> an industrious, sober man as
•■ ■ ; acttt*r In good paying- butcher business.
■' ' i2, c '»-.-Jilission St., opp. Silver ave.
■ R6RTAUKANT and bar for sole, near Camp
. . MWrltt. a snap. For particulars call at 3034
." ■ Fulton ' St. •
• • QOO0 ..paying .restaurant, fine location, near
Ma.TkM/9!L. central; rent taken in board; rea-
• • 4on.;si;rUrig, 111 health'. F, Box 10. Call office.
• • laLO 01 * tor .iaie. Apply at North Star
■Dre*'efy,;'Arrny and Mission sta.
• . FOR'*ale— 2-chair barber shop; price $60; rent
'.* : $5. • ■;?569 '.Mission it. '
O^Jl^Y ;" restaurant In St. Helena,' Xapa Co.;
■good paying;, bargain, on account of owner
■ levying State. Address P. NINEKIRK. St.
■•■ ■Heieita.i'Cal.. j
■ F<>K - 2.01d-estab.ished groceries and bars;
.;' i'.rtc*. $.2500 .and $1250. Apply Call office.
•. ' fIJJJDOON..itor sale. 333 Bush st.
• ]:s:a-N-'H '.'bakery and -grocery; will sell cheap
.'. : pa acceiinf of 'sickness. . 537 Sixth St. .
.■ • \V ANJE-f h- Votfng fi'-'ly partner with $200: good
-. ;j>ui»lr>ss.- ' . K., box .10. Call office, Oakland.
' VVA-N'TED— A partner with |fN capital for
inew-3y. Invented, machine; very useful article.
** Apply- ;J.: JOHNSON". 741 Minna St., from 11
' • • ft'.'.m-'.tb, 3 p..-m. ■___
ISOOi^-PARTNERT bufilness will net $75 to $100
■■'•" • (n.'>n.thly,- with a flue future. See manager of
:. K?»r Faucet, Co.. branch office, 33 Third st.
.•".}2tC^ii. -nrst-cjftss paying restaurant: all new
"••stack;; less than cne-thlrd its value: call
.'• ■ epirry, as- this f» a bargain. . 1069 Market st.
■:.FQli Vale— Call route at San Jose; for par-
• •tihOlafs ppply at Call business office or to E.
= •IY-PJBIiCB, Ban Jose. ■.'■; •■-.'.,•:,
°'COI?Ft;E •and tea routes supplied from GEO.'
•: •\\;i .CASWJ3LL .v CO,-S.-.415 Sacramento st.
. j'-or sale— Newspaper Inside route. Apply at
.'': •fji'jg.roiiice. -• . •■:-. '■ --\
' fcil/WMEII .lesort and beer garden to ; sell or
" r;u)t. MRS. .BQEKELMANN. L6rln. Cal.
SAr.')V'i.\- for »ale; cheap; no night work. 506
. cfa'ft st'. - ■• ..■■•-. ■ .--•'..:;
: MONTGOMERY. J27. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
' eM&Q/Sk: branch office of The Call. Subscrtp-
• :tjowi. and want nds taken. ■" ■', -.■'.'
■■.;■;• ALASKA EXTEni'UISES. <
* " ji^*— -- - : -' '.. '
, :P?dß.'pawson.: P?dR.'pawson. Alaska Venture Co. Steamship
° Prof. Morse, Kail* for . St. Michaels : June ; 11). 1
connecting with the speediest steamer on the
Yukon, .the F. M. Smith: unexcelled facilities
for. hirndjing .freight and passengers; before
■ malting- contract* call at , general office, CM
MarKet «t. ■ ' ' ' ■-
KLONIJXKE— Ticket to Dawson City for, sale;
gB-at- bargain. TO KALON, 1372 Market st.
I'^RSONALS.
J. F. DUNN— friends know where you
I are.
JOHN F. NOBLE, ex-Deputy U. . S. Marshal,
I an.l GEORGIA NOBLE, adjuster in the Mint
under Gen. La Grange, will receive valuable
information by addressing OSCAR . T.
SHUCK, attorney-at-law, 509 Kearny st.,. San
Francisco.
THE gentleman that was arrested on Thurs-
i day evening about 5 o'clock at Powell and
Market sts. will thank any one who saw the
occurrence to send their name and address to
45. St. Ann's building. , .
1 GIRLS wishing to marry honest men send ad-
dreM to MKS.^ERTZ, 706 Ellis st.
■" _^" ' . .. .
MATRIMONY.
MARRY— Money refunded if not suited within
i 6 months; send ISe for monthly matrimonial
paper and special terms. Address "WEDDING
BELL," 111 Ellis st., .San Francisco, Cal.
THE Pacific, 406 Geary— Only legitimate matri-
monial acsn. west of Chicago: details free.'
BUSINESS i EnSOXALS^^^
COSTLESS clothes — Clothes made to order;
clothes that fit; clothes that jar the. high-
priced tailors in quality of goods and mini-
mum of price; for Instance, on a $20 suit.
i $5 down ami $1 per week. Agency BOSTON
WOOLEN MILLS. 920 Broadway. Oakland.
I lAM a first-clans hair dresser. The very latest
styles of coiffures. Me only. Good switches,
I $1; best, finest quality, $3 10; extra heavy,
long:. $3. Open Sundays from 9 to 12. G.
LEDEIIER, 111 Stockton fit.
ELECTRIC llphts in every room: Winchester
use, 44 Third st.. near Market: 200 rooms,
25c to a 30 per night; $1 50 to T6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
' THE restaurant located at 207 Second st.,
known us The Favorite, has been sold to J.
LEONARD. ■
•PACIFIC Employment Offices will furnish you
with llrst-class male or female help; hours
7 a. m. to 9 p. m. 777 Market st.
! MRS JOHNSON'S new method of electric mas-
sage, salt baths and nerb cure. 579 Geary st.
QUINONIA hair tonic makes a good head of
\ hair. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton St.
! HOME in confinement: . diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNIIE. 1416 Bth at., Alatr.eda.
SUITS to order on easy 'nstallmenta. L.
I-EMOS. 1117 Mnrket at., bet, "th and Bth.
dressmaker's. k
MME. GOLDSTEIN— stylish dresses.
$5 up: drefpes made over. 3 Kddy St.. rm. 15. j
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College. MS Market st.
CLAIR\*OYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium: while entranced she
will reveal every hidden mystery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies, ;
remove family troubles, restore lost affec- 1
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost. !
stolen or buried property; locates treasures, I
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present ;
and future, while In a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 5 p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar- '
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms j
25 and 20, 1206 Market St.. opposite Sixth.
A— MRS. DR. E. J. MOORE, 1346 Market s*. : I
trance medium. Without asking a question i
ehe tells the name of her callers; she t°l!s
past, present and future correctly: tells your I
age and occupation; she reunites the sepa- !
; rated, changes luck, causes speedy and happy
marriages with the one of your choice: the
locates buried treasures, removes evil Influ- i
I ences and all long-standing ailments. Letters j
with stamps enclosed ■ promptly answered, i
Hours. 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
FREE test to all this week. LEANDER, test
and developing medium, 508 Eddy St. J
MME. HANSON, palmist, card reader; past,
present and future; 2r.c 148 Sixth st., room 10.
MME. MOREAU, beat medium and card
reader; 25c up; German spoken. '73 Fourth st.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently;- business
I advice: names given; 2."c up. 5 Fourth st.
MME. SYBILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS, first in her pre-
fesslon; never falls: advice; help. 929 Post st.
SPIRITUALISM.
i YOUR future told ' by cards: readings dally,
; 25c. 424 Tehama St., near Fifth.
j MRS. SHAFFEI:. test and business medium;
sittings dally. 212% Sixth st.
' MRS. BUTLER reliable clairvoyant, card
reader; Hindoo control; hours 10-5. 579 Geary.
' MME. LE NORMANDE. reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MRS. BHRINER, clairvoyant for business and I
j spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister; tel. Jeasie.9sB.
MRS. ELLIS, medium, 233 Valencia »t. ; read-
ings $1: clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. ; Sat.. 8: 25c.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trance, test and busi-
ness medium. 232 Stockton st.
'■ M. FRANCES, Independent slate-wrltlng me-
; dlum. lIS Halßht st. -
PALMISTRY. .
MRS. CHANDLER; readings. Tues.. Thurs.,
Sat. at hall, 305 Larkin st. ; Mon., Wed.; Frl.,
residence, 333 Geary st.
HYPNOTISM
' CAL. Institute, 402^4 Geary; hypnotism taugnt;
diplomas Issued;* diseases and habits cured.
LODGING ! j USES FOR SALE.
I OFFER FOR SALE THIS DAY
THE FOLLOWING BARGAINS
MY BEST BARGAIN; 24 ROOMS; C0R....$ 800
4 20-room houses; from $300 to 1600
3 . "-room houses; from $1400 to 3tXK)
3 105-room houses; from $2500 to 6000
; OS-room hotel; cost $10,000 MM
.■"-room apartment house for exchange.. 4000
7-room flat on Geary, st ../.. 250
20-room house ...SSOO 22-room h0u5e.... 5300
10-room house .. 150 24 rooms, corner.. 750
55 rooms, c0r.... 3000 14 rms. on Slitter 700
11 rs. ; must sell.. 200 66 rms.; best clty.7ooo
15 rooms; new ..1250 31 -room house ....1400
81 rooms; new 3000 110 rooms; corner.6ooo
SOO rms. ; hotel 10.000 6 rooms; only 150 |
35 rms. ;- central. .2soo 10 rooms; Jones.. 300 j
43 rooms; fine corner; clears $300 $1600
65-room hotel; clears $300 3500
11. C. DECKER.
! 1020 Market, opp. Fifth st.
LIST your houses with me; I can sell for cash.
I WANT NO EXCLUSIVE CONTRACT.
H. C. DECKER, v" Market st., opp. Fifth.
: A— KREDO & CO. '■ 224 Geary st.
UP-TO-DATE BROKERS.
List with us; no charge for advertising; 600
houses; all sizes: all prices.
The following at reduced prices:
16 rooms; sunny corner; from $1630 t0.... 1,350
22 rooms; transient; new; from $1200 to.. 1,000
25 rooms: Post st. frcm $1800 to 1,500
Many other special bargains on installments..
FOR MISCELLANEOUS..
BARS, back bars, . mirrors, show cases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office' furniture and fixtures: new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN. 1017-1019-1021-1023 !
Mission st., above Sixth.
CENTER-BOARD yacht for sale; nearly
new; masts, sails, oars; everything complete
as she stands. Address box 476, Call office.
GAS fixtures very , low- large assortment; 1
and 2 bowl barber washstands, cheep. HUF-
BCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate ave.
BOILER, engines, tools, metals, electrical
goods. WHITE'S. Cl4-516-518 Mission st.
SECOND-HAND lumber redwood boards, rus-
tic, fencing, t & g. Sliver ave. and Mis-
sion St." .';;.- ;
$67 50— PIANO, good condition; $5 down, $3 per
month. 225 Butter st. . .
$197 CO— MAGNIFICENT new upright piano; $10
down, $5 per month: guaranteed. 225 Sutter st.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, eleetl,
goods; new 2d-hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; tel. So. 787.
i BOILERS, engines. 2d-hand machinery. Me-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
SAFES— New and second-hand ; cheaper t than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES — Bargains in new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market/. S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10; Records, $3 per doz. ;
Projectoscope. $100. Bacigalupi. 983-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, scale, hand-truck, letter-press.
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS,' showcases, " counters, • shelving, etc,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
" CARPET CLEANING.
CITT Steam Carpet-cleanir.g Works; cleans,
moves, lays curvets. C. H. STEVENS, Mgr.,
■ SS and 40 Eighth st. ; telephone South 250.
WHEN you become distrusted with poor work
send to BPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
, Beating Works. 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. • 40.
ADVANCE Carpet-Cleaning Co., 402 Sutter St.;
. tel. Main 394. . CEO. -WALCOM, Proprietor.
jr. McQueen's ; Cal. Carpet Cleaning Co.. 453
Stevenson St.; tel. S. 223; lowest rates.
CARPETS cleaned at So 'per yard; relald at 3c.
■ STRATTON, 3 Elg •>h St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern '<■ Steam ■ Carpet-Cleaning
.Works.. 14 8t : ■ st. B. GRANT, tel. Jessie 201.
J E MITCHELL Carpet Cleaning Co., 240 14th
St.: cleaning; 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
CON KLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works. 333 Golden
■•' Gate • ave. ; i. tel. :.,Tast 126. ;• ..: :
£27 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open | until . 9:30
o'clock; branch office of Th« Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken. -- ;
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUKE 4, 1898.
HOUSES TO LET.
$25— SUNNY- house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER,. 36. Glen
Park ave., off. Twelfth st. » ':-.-'
ALL OVER TOWN
You ' see houses to ' rent ;by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery, st :
I DORE, 274— HouEe: of : 6 rooms; Cl4; 2 flats;
| would answer for 2 families.
ELEGANT S-room houses; Sixth ave., bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake ■ sts. ; prices will surprise
you. MARCUSE & REMMEL. 62S Market St.
HAIGHT, 483— Two-story house, 7 rooms; bath;
cellar and yard; $2" 50. -
TURK, 733— 7-room moderr- house and bath. -
VALENCIA, Upper part of house, 5 rooms
and bath: rent cheap. ■ ■
COTTAGES to LET."
! ARMY. 362SA— Sunny cottage, 6 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
$10— BAY-WINDOW cottage, 4 rooms; water
free. 109 Collins St., near Geary. . -„
MODERN cottage; 401 Laurel St., corner Sacra-
mento; sun all day. MADISON & BURKE. E
i SUNNY cottages, 5 and 6 rooms; bath; base-
ment; yard; cheap. 1576 Fifteenth St.. near
Dolores.
$20— COTTAGE, 6 rooms; prettiest in city; new;
2963 Twenty-first st. ; key at corner grocery.
| 339 HAYES ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
| ... ' ' =
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET.
NEW. modern, sunny corner house, nicely fur-
nished; 7 rooms and bath. Apply 3925 Cali-
fornia st., corner Second ave.
TAYLOR, 810— Completely rural Bunny
house. 10 rooms and bnth. Call bet. 1:30 and
■ 4 P m. . ■ ■ • ■ :,-v-f: ,-v-f. ■■■'
FLATS TO LET.
A— WE want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special inducements; 10 to M days tree rent;
Hats from $7 to ti~: all our flats are reduced;
get list. SPECK A CO., 602 Market st. - ' >
ALL OVER TOWN — : ■ ■ ~" '"' —
You see flats to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL, 10 Montgomery St.
CASTRO, 1512, near Twenty-fifth— Flat, 4 large
rooms: bath, gas. mirror- top mantels; $11 50.
EIGHTEENTH, 4885, 4587, 4591, near Hattle— 4
and 6 rooms an.l bath, $10, $12 and $13.
i FOLSOM, 1154— Four- room flat; even with side-
walk.
FOLSOM, S. W. cor. Thirteenth— flats, 5
rooms, bath; rent suit times. Apply premises.
FULTON, 118— Fine middle sunny flat, seven
rooms; bath; near City Hall.
GROVE. 731— Upper flat; fine, light sunny
rooms; bath: adults.
LEAVENWORTH, 1523, bet. Pacific and Jack-
BOn— Upper flat of 5 rooms; rent $14.
NINETEENTH. 3930. bet. Noe and Sanchez—
Flat, 5 large rooms; bath.gas.large yard;sl2 60.
PIERCE, 3000, corner Filbert— A modern upper
flat of 6 rooms and bath; rent $25.
, .
POST. 625— elegant flat of 7 rooms and bath
to let; $35.
i SHOTWELL, 869— Upper modern flat; 6 rooms
and bath; rent cheap. Apply MADISON &
BURKE.
4 AND 6 room flats on Twelfth st. and Gl«n
Park ave.. $13, $14. $15. $1S and $23 50. DEMP-
STER. 36 Glen Park are., off Twelfth st.
j $14— NEW flat. 5 rooms and bath. 61 Pond St.,
16th and 17th, Noe and Sanchez.
$8 £0— MIDDLE flat, 3 rooms. 256 Harriet st.,
bet. Harrison and Bryant. Sixth and Seventh.'
! 627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
FURNISHED FLATS. .
' 4-ROOM furnished flat, complete; modern Im-
provements. 120 : Hartford st.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING.
! EDDY, 917— Very desirable front connecting
rooms; gas range; splendid location.
EIGHTH. ios — Housekeeping: sunny front
j room, bay window, with kitchen.
ELLIS, Sunny housekeeping rooms, fur-
niished. $15. _^_^
FOLSOM, 974 Complete sunny housekeeping
1 rooms, single and double; very reasonable.
; FOURTH. 225— Sunny rooms, complete for
housekeeping, $1 50 per week . up. •■}
; FOURTH^ 329— Furnished and unfurnished
j rooms for housekeeping;" also single; cheap.
FIFTH, 353— Furnished for housekeeping, 2 par-
lors, kitchen, bath, $22; also go and $7 rooms.
FULTON, lift— Large well-furnished room, with
Bummer kitchen, complete. $8 per month.
GEARY. 556, formerly 518— Elegant sunny par-
lor suites; single, double rooms; housekeeping.
' GEARY 1917— adults; 4 comfortable rooms;
bath, two beds; two stoves; gas and coal; $20.
GOLDEN GATE ave.. 1410— Parlor floor; regu-
lar kitchen; sun; bath and. yard.
HOWARD. 704, corner Third— furnished
rooms; also housekeeping rooms; reasonable.
HOWARD, 10M%— TWO or three sunny furnish-
ed housekeeping; also double and single rooms.
HOWARD. 112SH— Front suites for housekeep-
ing; water; stoves; bath, etc.; $10 to $12.
'HYDE, 703H. cor. Post— sunny front con-
necting rooms; unfurnished: light housekpg.
JESSIE— large furnished housekeeping
rms.; sunny yard; $11; 1 bay-window rm.; $10.
[ MINNA, 734 Nice front room and kitchen; no
I children.
MISSION, 829—2 large sunny housekeeping
•rooms neatly furnished; $12.
OAK, — Front sunny furnished parlor; now
house.
POLK, 605 — Nice, large clean front alcove room
with small kitchen; complete for housekeepg. I
POLK, 1643, cor. Clay— large newly fur-
nished sunny front rooms; housekeeping; $25.
SIXTH, 244— Front sunny housekeeping rooms,
furnished complete.
A — SUITE of 2 nice front sunny rooms, com-
plete for housekeeping; 2 folding beds; 1 In
kitchen and 1 in bedroom, with suit to match;
furniture all new; $3 per week; suitable for j
4 or 5 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mis-
sion St., between First and . Second.
SUTTER, 830—3 unfurnished sunny rooms, suit-
able for housekeeping.
TENTH, Sunny front housekeeping rooms;
stove; running water; also single.
THIRD, Sunny housekeeping rooms com-
plete; first floor; hot .and cold water;, bath;
gas. '•'•"■'
THIRD, 309— Furnished room, complete for
housekeeping, $5; 2 rooms for $10 a month.
TURK, 543— Large . front rooms, complete for
housekeeping; gas and bath; $12 and $15.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
THREE ' or 6 pleasant sunny rooms, furnished
housekeeping; nice grounds; central. 15th.
ROOMS TO LET.
AT Hotel Florence — Elegant . suites from $20
month; single $10; a quiet home; bath; eleva-
tor; every convenience for families and large
parties, by the day or week; give us a call.
APARTMENTS; . quiet, homelike; ' reasonable
Com. • Transfer Co., **2 Stockton st. trunks
moved to any part of city, 26c; phone Main 49.
ARLINGTON .. House, 127 . Kearny f St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.'
AT 242 Stockton— Sunny i rooms; pretty ■ view;
quiet house; baths; gas; very reasonable.
AT 147 Powell and 211 O'Farrell, nicely fur-
nished rooms by day, week or month.
CALIFORNIA, Large sunny front ; room,
furnished, $10; also single/ $6; gas; bath.
CENTRAL AVE., 416, near Golden Gate Park—
■ Large sunny room; newly furnished; for gent,
CLINTON Park. 150/ near Thirteenth and Va-
— Nice sunny furnished room, , use of
kitchen, $8; no children. : . ■:
DELAWARE, 1433 Market— Furnished or \ un-
furnlshed single and double rms. ; $8, $10 mo.'
DIAMOND, 40— Large well, furnished front
room in sunny cottage surrounded by flowers.
EDDY, '■ 207— Newly furnished single and double
rooms, $5 a month and up. ■; ■■■•»., •::■■ -
EDDY, Nice furnished room for 1 or 1
.gentlemen. .. >-_:. ■
EDDY, 623— For 2or more gentlemen, elegantly I
■ furnished , sunny front ■'.. bay-window .•, suite;
' connecting bedroom; ; running - water; bath;
gas; grate; private; references. '.fj:.;
ELLIS, '4IB (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites : for gents. ; $1 50 to $8 week/
ELLIS House, 1211 Market, nr. : Furnish-
\ ed : rooms, \ $1 50 : to ;$5 - per f week : -. transient. £
FOLSOM, Nicely furnished rooms to I let
$4 and $5; all conveniences." ."?; r-
GEARY, « IM, r cor. Elegant sunny , rooms,
suites -and single; - strictly • first-class; ; refs.
GEARY, ■ 622— Pretty, sunny bay-window front
: room; running .water; single rooms. :; ■ ■
GIRARD HOUSE, cor. Seventh and Howard—
I Sunny rooms, . moderate : ; also ; housekeeping. ~ ;
GLOBE Hous«y, 821 1 Howard— Per night, 25c *to
$1; week. $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN - GATE " ave.'.y 730— Sunny I unfurnished
, room, , $8; also small room, $4. . ■-,■-■■, ■-■■
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
GOUOH. 408, near Hayes— ss; a nice quiet room
for 1 gent. •
HANCOCK House. 781 Mission— Select family
rooming-house; $1 60 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 741— Just opened; new and clean;
front and other nil*.; bath; gas; $160 wk. up.
JESSIBJ, J7S, near Fifth and Market— Furnish-
ed front room, only $5.
JONES. 517— Nice clean sunny single roomTls
month; gentleman only.
LAHKIN, 1014- Small room, with closet, suitable
for gentleman; private fam.; no children; $C.
MARKET, 1122 -Nicely furnished suiteß; al-^
single rooms; rent reasonable.
McALLISTER, 1270—2 elegantly furnished i
gunny roomi; 1 alcove.
MISSION. '.CiSVtj— Handsomely furnished sunny
bay-win. low front rooms; grut»>; gas; quiet.
MISSION, 122ft— Nice large sunny parlor; piano,
running water; bath; suitable 2; $10 month.
OAK, 22— Large light sunny front room; suit-
able for workshop or storage; cheap.
O'FARRELL. 231— New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
Eingle rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
O'FARRELL, 327— Large front room, well fur-
nished, $10; sunny single room, $7.
PHILADELPHIA House— Furnished roomi, 750
week and upwards. 421 Bush st.
POPT. 239 (Bohemia)— Elegant sunny rooms for
families and gentlemen; strictly first-class.
POST, 622-Sunny suite or single rooms: first-
daoa In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ. !
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.,
near Market— Furnished and unfurnished.
SILVER Stilt.- House, 10-18 Mason st.— Fur-
nißhPd rwms; single, $1 CO to $3 a week,
suites. $4 to $5; baths; elevator; electric
lights; hot and cold water; transient sollc-
Ited; restaurant connected. MRS. J. GALE,
proprietor.
.SIXTH, 429— Large sunny front room.
SUNNY room; bath; gas; Protestant family.
Box 4W, Call office.
SUTTER. 42C— 2 nicely furnished sunny con-
necting rooms, singly or together; references.
SUTTER, 1111 -Nice front suites. $12 month-
single room's, $5; also complete housekeeping
rooms.
TAYLOR. 109— Sunny double room with sep-
arate beds, $10: sunny single room. $1 50.
THREE or 4 furnished rooms to let; bath and
use of piano. 3170 Twenty-fourth st.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly !
Call. Sent to any address In the United j
States, postpaid, for $1 50 a yenr.
ROOMS A-iD BOARD.
ALL sunny bay-window rooms, everything
new, cheerful; first-class every respect; board
optional. The Pirius, 1505 Stockton; Kearny cars
ELLIS. 518— Sunny bay-window room, with
board, reap, liable.
ELLIS, 518— Nicely furnished rooms, best
board; $20 per ionth.
FOLSOM, SI I— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $3 per week; nice location.
REFINED family with comfortable home will
board couple or 2 young men; reference. Box
463, Call office^
SC UTH PARK, 159— Good table board. $3 per
■week; with nice sunny front room, $4 week.
THE Oriel— With or without board; new, ele-
gantly furnish.'d. beautiful sunny Market-st.
suites, with board for 2. $40 per month; single
rooms accordingly.
SUTTER, 7G7 — Elogant sunny rooms, with ex-
ceptional board: select location; reasonable. ',
VAN NESS ave., 80S— Sunny newly furnished
rooms, electric llchts, bath, with board; j
terms moderate.
$4 A MONTH: sitting and bedroom combined; j
sunny: nrfntlemnn: furnished. Box 4497, Call.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
if u _i J- _ ■ - I
JESSIE, S39— Good home for infant or 1 or 2
children; own cow; mother's care: references.
AN elderly ladv will take Infants to board: a
mother's care: references. 2"4H Sixth «t.
STORES TO LET.
FOR rent, completely furnished, butcher shop,
corner Cortland ave. and Andover st. ; rent
reasonable. Apply 440 Cortland ave., or 3iol
Mission et.
CORNER; always bakery; new oven; 5 living- j
rcoms: 100 Franklin st. DR. MEYER, 835
Market st.
CORNER store: 4 rooms and stable; rent $15;
3591 Twenty-fourth St., corner Vlcksburg.
i SANCHEZ. 876— Store, with 8 living rooms;
next to public school: reasonable.
STORE to let, $15. Inquire Jeweler, 226 Ellis
street.
OFFICES TO LET.
SPLENDID location and opportunity for a
physician, 1643 Polk St., corner Clay": offices :
now occupied by Dr. T. Byron De Witt and i
can be had furnished complete or unfur-
nished. Apply to 1643 Polk St.,
! PHYSICIANS; dentists— Corner bay-window
i suites of three rooms; first floor. 102 Ellis
Ft., corner Powell.
MEDICAL.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly irregularities (from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules $l-
every ease guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 5 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk st., near Jones.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities from what-
ever cause; no Instruments ised; guaranteed
cure at office, $5: travelers helped Instantly;
home in confinement; consult free; hours 10 to
5, 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
ALL Ladies— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
DO years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; 'no
delay; oelf-cure sent; call or write; free' con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIES, 59 McAllister
St.; pills. $1; very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absolute cure for all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects; taken In tim-i It also acts as a pre-
ventive, price $1 60 per box, sent free by j
mall on receipt of price; consultation on ail i
special diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33 '■
Grant ave., S. F. A Cautlun — Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
DRS. GOODWIN makes a specialty of diseases
of women; irregularities from any cause re-
stored in one day, or no charge; restores ■
strength and vigor of organ unexcelled; ma- i
tornity home; best medical attendance; low j
fees; cure. $5; pills, $1; when others fall,
see free of charge. 401 Van Ness ave., near
Mo A l l Ister St.
NEW process; a great progress In medical I
nclence for female trouble; no matter from j
what cause; no medicine or instruments i
used; restores in one day without fail; every '
woman her own physician: away, disgrace; j
consultation free; can be sent and used at
home; by the well known DR. POPPER, 818
Kearny St.; pills and capsules, $1.
DR. and MRS. WEGENER. 1312 Golden Gate
ave., private home In confinement, with every
comfort; best care and attendance; terms
moderate; Infants adopted Into good homes.
DR. WISE'S private sanitarium. 307 Jones St..
formerly of 800 Kearny and late of Belvlew
Hospital, N. Y. ; d-eaßesd -eaBes of women; advice
free; experienced lady attendant.
A BOON to wives and mothers— Seguro ; price
$1 r.O; RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay St.; Bend
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 K St., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with i
female troubles: no danger: safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. T>. : don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland, Cal.
NORTH~Beach Sanitarium,. 1412 Mason st ; pri-
vate home In confinement: competent physi-
cians and nurses; trms. reas. Powell-st. cars.
DR HALL. V McAllister st. ; diseases of
women and children.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz; Infallible, safe rem-
edles; 38 years' experience. ?M'fe Fourth St.
HORSES.
10 CAMPING horses cheap; wagons and har-
ness auction every Tuesday. 721 Howard st.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket 327 Sixth St.; auction sales svery Wednes-
day. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
CAMP wagons, buggies, wagons, harness of all
kinds- 4fl horses: must sell. Emporium Sales
Yarrls. 22Q Valencia st: T. P. NEWELL.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
GOOD hack, coupe, surrey and wagonette, and i
second-hand and new wagon: ; oheup. Bull's
Head Repository, Fifteenth ..nd Valencia.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vthlcleß. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin, opp. City HalU
FINIJ laundry, baker's and ml'k wagons cheap
for cash or Installments: 1 fine top and open
l.uggy; also 1 hack S?S Harrison st.
TYPEWRITERS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery.
YOST, g-ood order, $26; send for sample work.
SCOTT & BANNAN, 533 Montgomery sC
:.:..:... CITY REAL ESTATE. :;
a very GREAT BARGAIN.
: $55Q0— and .2 .- two-story houses on W
side of Mission St., near Eighteenth; .'- Nos.
220S and 2210; this property in good times
would have brought $10,000; Mission st. is a
business street out there; will rent for $45;
terms one-fourth cash,' balance in five years;
low interest. . •
THOMAS MAGEE & SONS,
4 Montgomery st.
$350—240x200; BLOCK 183, Abbey Homestead As-
sociation, San Mateo County. CHARLES C.
FISHER, 624 Market st. ■
45 FEET 10 inches on Mission st. by 127H on
Spear.- Inquire. at 546 Clay st.
COZY ; Western Addition home; cottage, 6
rooms, bath; 1909 Broderick; open 3 to 5 p. m.
*A— 6o-page Illustrated catalogue with map
free at A. M. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st. .
COUNTRY REAL ESTATE.
$1500— 170 ACRES In Contra Costa County; 4
acres orchard and vineyard; 80 acres used for
grain,, balance pasture; fine water; good 1
, house, barn, etc.
$5000—200 acres near ' Napa; 100 acres nearly
level and in grain, balance pasture; well
wooded; 100 fruit trees; 2-story house, large
barn, ' etc. These two places are snaps.
GAMAN - & LYON, 215 Kearny st. . ; :
MODERN' cottage in Berkeley : for exchange
for country, property; near Auburn preferred.
Address box 7555, Call office. '
WRITE for list; good land, $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN, Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
A 70-acre ranch ; Napa Co.; for city prop-
erty ...;.... $5000
20 acres in Sonoma Co.; for house and lot 2500
S. F. property for Alameda city property. 5000
100 houses, 50 lots, 60 ranches and 150 business
places. Call or write DECKER. 1020 Market.
GREAT sacrifice; 20 acres good Sonoma County
land, improved; 4-room house, barn, chicken-
houses; 2 horses:, full line farming imple-
ments; 6 acres vines; balance corn and'
beans; good road: near station; will ex-
change for city property; or $hOtt cash, balance
easy terms. Address J. JENSEN, 153 Third.
TO 'exchange for Mission improved property —
A beautiful 9-room • residence near Univer-
sity, Berkeley; nice stable, windmill, tank-
house, cement walks, lovely laid out grounds:
must be seen to be appreciated. Box 524,' Call.
TO exchange — Houses and lots for ranches. J.
H. EPSON. 1209 Broadway. Oakland. :
MONEY TO LOAN.
LOANS on furniture or pianos In 8. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. *■■■:■•
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or ■ Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
ANY amount at 6'/4 per cent on real estate; 2d
and 3d mortgages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Me-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery St., room 3.
OAKLAND loans on real ... estate secured
promptly; reasonable interest and moderate
expenses. HUGH M. CAMERON. Real Es-
tate Broker, 479 Ninth St., Oakland.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the ' lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 94S Market St.: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos, city or Oakland; no re-
moval;" low rates; no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNELLI. 120 Powell st.
$20,000 TO loan on business property at 8 per
cent. Box 508, Call office.
$100,000 TO loan on Income city property: $10,-
000 on furniture. G. W. OWEN. 1405 Call bldg.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount;
lowest rates Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 608 California St.
$50 TO $50,000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum; Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY, 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furnituie; no removal: lowest
rates: no com : private. . 116 McAllister st.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE BROS. 108 Montgomery st.v
PAWNBROKERS.
BE wise and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Masor> St.. bet. Market and Eddy.
DENTISTS.-
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings,' COc: crowns, .$3 60; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth st.: telephone Jess!.- 1132.
NEW YORK Dentists— Full set of teeth, $5 up;
painless extraction: fillings, 25c up; old plates
made over or mended; work warranted;
crowns and bridges; open Sundays. 909 Mis-
sion St., southeast corner of Sixth.
DR. LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market St.. nr. Uth;
no - charge for extracting when plates are
made: old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per set; extracting 50c; gas given.' ,
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist,- discoverer of painless extracting and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full BeX
of teeth, $5 up; fillings, 2r,c up; all work
• painless and guaranteed to stand: open even-
ings. 997 Market St., corner Sixth.
DR. LUELLA COOL, 5T.4 Sutter; crowns, $5;
aluminum plates & bridge work a specialty.
L. A. TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed to Call bldg., fith floor, rms. RO3-607.
ALL ' work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. V DR. H. C.
YOUNG. IS4I Polk st.
PROPOSALS*
NOTICE TO CONTRACTORS— Pursuant to an
order of the Board of . Trustees of the State
Normal School of San Diego, California, no-
tlce is hereby given that sealed proposals
will be received by said board until 1C o'clock
a. m. of. June 24, .1898. for furnishing the
materials and performing the labor necessary
for the erection and completion of the cen-
tral portion of the San Diego State Normal
School building. ; .
. Separate proposals will be received and
separate contracts made for furnishing the
materials : and ' performing the labor neces-
sary for each of the following parts of Raid
building, to wit: 1, or the masonry work
including all brick, concrete and cemon'
work and all necessary excavations and lin-
ing; 2. for the iron work: 3, for the carpenter,
plastering, electric and glazing work; 4 • for
the plumbing and gas-flttlng work; 5, for tht
tinning and galvanized iron work; 6, •Or
painting and varnishing. • _. ,-f
No proposal will be considered : unless ac-
.. companied with a bond ; of such proposer
equal to 10 per cent of his proposal, with at
least two good and sufficient sureties, con-
ditioned that if his proposal shall be ac-
cepted he will duly enter into a proper con-
. Each proposal _ must be made on blanks
furnished for that purpose, and, together
with the above-mentioned bond, inclosed iin
a sealed envelope, addressed to the Trustee.
State Normal School of San Diego, with an
Indorsement thereon showing what portion of
the building is covered ■ by . the Inclosed pro-
posal. '; and delivered to the Merchants' Na-
{iona Bank of San Diego California, before
Jo o'clock a. m. of .June 24. 1838. ,
Said proposals will be publicly opened and
contracts based thereon i will be made on
June 24. 1393. at 10 clock a m.. at room 36.
Fisher Opera-house block, in San Diego, Call-
fornia. ' •■ ■• ' .....■;.■ «,-■*■ ■."
The contractors to whom contracts : are
awarded will be required to : file with said
board a - good - and sufficient .. bond to the
amount of 25 per cent of the contract price
for the faithful and proper performance of
his contract. .
• . The : plans and specifications of said build-
ing can be seen during business hours at th»
. office of ' Hebbard & GUI. architects. Grant
building. San Diego, California. -.; •
The . Board of Trustees ' reserves the ' right
to reject any or all proposals made.
State : Normal School 1 of San Diego, Cali-
fornia. ■■. :
By W. R. GUY. President Board Trustees.
Attest- ROBERT C. .TONES. Secretary.
: ; Li^GAL'. NOTICES. :
RAILROAD Consolidation— Pursuant to the
statute In such case made and provided, no-
tice Is ; hereby given ► tht-t the Southern I Pa-
' cific Railroad ; Company, the Northern Rail-
" I way Company, "the Northern California Rail-
way ■ Company and \' the ." California Paclflo ;
: Railroad Company, -. railroad -■ corporations in-
corporated and existing under -the laws of
.' the State of California, upon the 1 written con-
sent:, of the stockholders holding > more than
r three- fourths In value of all the stock of each
r of paid corporations, respectively, and by agree-
ment of the respective Boards of Directors of
said : corporations, i made ; and i entered Into iln
. . accordance •■ with ■ such t consent, and pursuant
! : to ' the statute f. In f such ■ case : made < and pro-
: .. vided, did. on the 14th - day of April, •A. ■,- D.
j 189S. amalgamate nnd consolidate their capital
'. stock, debts, ■ property, ?. assets • and ■ franchise*
- under the corporate name and style of ths
Southern Pacific Railroad Company.
;._ •J. L. WILLCUTT, : i!
Secretary j of . the Southern Pacific Railroad
• - Company, v ■-, ; .. ■-'■ : '■ ..•?<:.'tj. 1 .: .;.-■ ■• ;■..
.Ban; Francisco,"; CRl..vMnv • IR9S. ; ; -:
GOODS left at 429 Sixth. Mrs. Miller's, will be
sold if not redeemed within one month. -■-'
r / physicians, v r .-; : . "*
DR. C. C. O'DONNELL, office I and I residence,'
■ 1206 s Varket; ' disease* }of women a , specialty.
, .— ; .-.•■-.-■•■ -.-.-■, -; -^ . - - ■ :*-. ■.■:.--.,.-.'
OAKLAND^ ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
LOTS ' $75; £> ; cash, $." '■'. monthly; build • your
home or we will build' for : you; payment as
rent: $20 cash, X, monthly; about % acre; ro-
mantic spot for a cozy home; trees, shrub-
bery, etc.; soil and climate the best; Oaltndo
: Tract. East Oakland: streets all graded and
macadamized; city water and sewer; 2 elec-
tric car lines and fine schoolhouse; nice
, homes surrounding and building up rapidly;
price $."0O; a liberal discount for cash. Call or
Bend for, circular, 435 Seventh St.. corner
Broadway. Oakland. H. Z. JONES Owner.
30-PAGED illustrate catalogue free at K. E.
BUNCE'S. 903 Broadway. Oakland. Cal.
OAKLAND FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED house; 12 rooms; Vernon Height?;
stable; piano: line view; no wind; ■rent rea-
sonnble. Address S., box 12, Call. Oakland.
OAKLA.MJ NOISES TO LET.
FURNISHED house, 8 rooms, Vernon Heights,
Oakland, for 2 or 3 months; fine view. Ad-
dress J. M.. 340 Steuart st.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
FINE sunny suite: also sunny single room; va-
cant June 1. THE LORN E. 662 Eighth st.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR MALE}.
FURNITURE a -4 household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
' ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
GREAT reduction In prices of homes or vacant
lots; 4, 6 and 6-room model cottages. Apply
439 Central ave., Alameda, or J. E. DAMON,
602 Market' St., basement Crocker building.
2 BEAUTIFUL 5-room cottages, near Flfth-st.
• station; large lots and flowers; rents $10 and
$14, Apply 439 Central ave., Alameda, or 602
Market st. '
SPECIAL NOTICE. " '■
FIRST COME, FIRST SERVED.
JUST LIKE PAYING RENT.
$1200, $1700, $1800, $2200. $2600. $3000.
The above . are lovely cottages, which have
been thrown on . the market for non-payment
of Installments, and they are now offered at a
1 great Facrince to close accounts. They contain
4, 5, (i and 7 rooms, and are finished up to date;
almost new, and located near scnool3 and sta-
tions.
We are going to weed them . out, and invite
Inspection. MARCUSE & REMMEL, .
Bay-st. station, Alameda, ■; und G2S Market St..
San Francisco. Open Sundays and holidays.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; 5 minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner. 1612 Chapln st.
ALAMEDA HOUSES.
EXCEEDINGLY comfortable, cozy house In
best part of Alameda; extensive lawn and
roses; vicinity of bay and 2 local trains; re-
ception hall. 3 reception rooms, 6 bedrooms,
kitchen, bath, stable; all well furnished;
terms moderate; owner going East. Alpha,
Call office, Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
MUST be sold; house of 7 large rooms; corner
lot 50x125; street work done; close to U. C. ;
grand view: coHt.s3Coo;'for sale, $2400; a bar-
gain. O. G. MAY & CO.. 2123 Center St.,
. Berkeley.
— 8-ItOOM house, 1 block from station; lot
60x137: constantly rented. $22; great bargain.
I-'HEESE A CODINGTON, 2119 Stanford
place, opposite Berkeley Station.
$2r,C0— 2.^0 FEET frontaare, with house of 7
room*; only C blocks from university grounds;
a thlroujth bargain. JOSEPH -J. MASON,
Berkeley Station.
BERKELEY HOUSES.
COMPLETELY and handsomely furnished. 5
rooms and bath flat; from 2 to 4 months; ar-
tesian well; large grounds; cheap rent. C.
H.,- Berk -ley.
BEST, healthiest place on this coast; very
cheap to the right party; house, stable and
garden. In East Berkeley. Apply at Call.
BERKELEY ROOMS AND BOARDING.
BANCROFT. 2247, Berkeley— Sunny, well-fur-
nished rooms with board; fine view; five min-
utes to. Berkeley station. .
"sewing machines.
$2 MONTHLY— repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented:
repairing, lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed In at either of the publication offices
and be endorsed with the name and residence ot
parties authorized to have the same published.
OltN.
BAINBRIDGE— June 3, 1893, to the wife of Dr.
J. C. Bainbridge, a son. . ;
BRAKE— San Jose. May 81. 1593, to the wife
of Clement Brake, a son.
BUCKLEY— In this city. May 1, 1898, to the
. wife of John E. Buckley, a daughter. ■ -
COMPELL— In Fatrfleld, Cal.. May 27, 1893, to
the wife of Fred Compell, a son.
COSTA— In Nevada City, May 30. IS9B, to the
wife of Thomas Costa, a daughter.
HANLEY— Nevada City, May 28. IS9B, to the
wife of J. J. Hanley,' a son.
HOGAN— In Oakland, May 30, IS9B, to the wife
of T. P. Hogan, a son. ■'-.
KENNF.Y— In San Quentln. June 2, IS9B, to the
wife of Peter Kenney. a son.
MAGUIRE— In Sari ffom, May 31. IS9S, to the
wife of James T. Magulre, a daughter.
MARSH— In this city, June 3, ISSS, to the wife
of J. Alfred Marsh, a son. •
ROWAN— In San Luis Obispo, May 23. 1898, to
, the wife of Thomas Rowan, a slaughter.
REINHARDT— In Monterey, May ; 24, 1898, to
the wife of William Relnhart, a daughter.
WRIGHT— In East San Jose, May 29. 1888, to
the wife of T. M. Wright, a daughter. '
CARRIED.
ALLEN— WHITE— In San Jose, May 31. IMB,
by the Rev. N. A. Haskell, T. Jefferson Allen
and Caroline Pearl White.
BOUCHER— KNICKERBOCKER— In San Jose,
June 1. . 1898. by the Rev. Dr. Wakefleld.
, Charles A. Boucher and Nina Knickerbocker.
DAUGBERG-HIRONYMOUS— In this city. June
1, - 1898, by the Rev.* R. Mackenzie, D.D.,
Henry T. Daugberg and Gertrude Hirony-
<mouB, both of Gardnerville, New .
FROST— LINFORTH— In this city, June 1.1593,
by the Rev. R. Mackenzie, D.D., Alfred S.
Frost and Maude C.Llnforth, both of San
- Francisco. : .
GOLDSMITH— LOBE— June 1. 1898, by the Rev.
Dr. Myers, Julius Goldsmith and Tlllie Lobe.
NAUMAN— MARSTON— In this . city, June 1,
1198, by.the Rev. R. Mackenzie,. Howard A. j
Nauman and • Jessie Ella Marston,'. both of j
San Francisco. .
REMINGTON — GRAHAM —In Sacramento, j
June 1, 1898, by the Rev. A. C. Herrick, Mil-
ton M. Remington and Ida R. Graham.
BRIGGS— In this city, June 2, 1898,
by the Rev. R. Mackenzie, D.D., Arthur I.
Sanches ot San Francisco and Eva Maude
Brlggs of Agnews, Cal. - - :
DIED.
'■ Anderson, Mm. R. ■ Jackson, James
Bainbridge (infant) Johnston, . Martha J.
• . Black. Helena .H. . Knox. Thomas .11. . •
'Bronner. Bridget A. Lambert. Jacob
Brown, . John ; Lougee, ■ Charles H.
Conklln. Mary L. Mills. Catherine
Dana, William C. ' Norton, Mrs. Llbble
Decker, Horace W. O'Brien. Patrick
Elliott, 'John .".. O'Day, John
Ktlcnne. Catherine Riley, Nora E.
Flaherty, Thomas - Roland, Francis
Goetjen. Nicholas' Schoreht, Herman
Grunlg, Hattie • Smith. Eliza A.
Haider. ".Mrs. Anna Starling-, Albert S. : •
- Harding.' Samuel Taylor,- Lewis W. .: '
Harris, < Bernard • Thomas.' Melzar ■
Holmes, Victor ' Veuve, Eugene, L.
Hughes, James B. Waters, Mary
Jackson, Frank E. Weinmann, Joseph ;'
ANDERSON— In .Los Angeles, May 30, 1893,
Mrs. . Robert Anderson, . a native ,of Canada,
' aged 52 yeara. ; . ' .;
BAINBRIDGE— In this city, June '3, • 189$, in-
fant son of ,Dr.' J. C. and, Medora Waters
; Bainbridge, a native of San Francisco. :■
BLACK— In this city, June 3, 18!>3. Helena H.
Black, beloved: niece of Mr. and Mrs. C. L
Boell, aged 26. Secretary of General O. r G.
-Mead Corps No. 61. W. R. C, and member of
Martha' Washington Council, Daughters of
Liberty. "■'.-:'■• -; ■ ■■ : .-:- . . ■ . . ,
C7" The funeral - will -. take place to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, »03 Greenwich street. Interment pri-
vate.  , . .. . .
BRONNER— In Sacramento, May 31, IS9B, Mrs.
■ Bridget A. Bronner, a native of Ireland, aged
;'. 54 years. ' . ; , . ■ <
BROWN— In : this city, June 1, 1893, John, be-
- loved : husband of. Susan . Brown, > father -of
■ John, Cassie, Mary, Grade, Hugh and -the
• late Francis and Marraret A. Brown, and
brother, of Katie and the late Hugh Brown
i; and Mrs. James - Malone of Southport, ' Conn.,'
- a . native .of County > Tyrone, ■ Ireland, - aged 39
. years 11 months and 7, days. ';■ ■ ...: . ■;-
. (CTFrlends . and acquaintances are . respect-
fully invited to attend' the funeral this day
\ (Saturday); at 8:30 o'clock,- from; his -late
. residence, : 37 . Clementina : street, ; thence to St. :
; Brendan's; Church," where mass will be cele-
brated for the ■ repose of - his . soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross
- t Cemetery. . ' . • ,>-; : ". :;.;-■•
CONKLIN— In this city, June 2, 1898, Mary L.,
■ r :.i beloved ? wife of ■ Platt :■ Conklln, ?a , native of
Wlscaasett, Me., aged 60 years and 3 months.
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day ■
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from . her ■ late resi-
dence, 2986 Pine street. Interment private.
DANA— In Los Amalos, May 20, 1898. William
C. Dana. ■'.•';■ ■ . .' :'.
In .Sacramento, May 30, 1898, Horace .
W. Decker, a native of . California, aged 40
years 1 month and 10 days. . „
ELLIOTT— In this city, June 3, 1898. John,- .
dearly beloved husband of the late Roseanna
Elliott, and father of James, John, William,
Frank, Eunice, and " Lizzie Elliott, Mrs. L.
A. Miskel and the late Rose. Elliott and Mrs.
R. Kerr, a native of County Monaghan, Ire-
land, aged 67 years 11 months and 13 days:
EyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock,- from his late resi-
dence, 701 Crescent avenue, Bernal Heights,
thence to Old St. Mary's College Church
for services. Interment Mount Calvary Ceme- •
tery. . ' • '
ETIENNE— In this city. June 1, IS9S, Catherine," .
beloved wife of Victor Etienne, mother of
Victor and Joseph Etienne.- sister "of Martin • "'
Kupfer, Mrs. Maden. Mrs. Brunner and. Mrs.
Gulllulm, and sister-in-law of Joseph Etienne.
a native of Habshcim, Alsace, aged 43 years
3 months and 6 days. (Detroit and "Jackson,
Mich., papers please copy.) iiMlf i|i#ll'Jll
(C7"Frien(ls and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral .to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 14 Sherman street, between Folscm
and Harrison. Interment I. O. O. F. Ceme-;. •
tery.
FLAHERTY— In the City and County Hospital,
Juno 2, 1808. Thomas Flaherty, a native 'of
Ireland, aged 58 years.
GOETJEN— this city, June 1, 1898. Nicholas, ;
beloved husband of Meta Goetjen, and father • •
of Herman,' Adolph, Louis, Alfred and Emma .
Goetjen, a native of Hanover, Germany, aged
65 years and 5 months. ■■' . /-.!*-
E7"Friends and acquaintances .are respect-. . .
fully invited to attend the funeral this day :■ -
(Saturday), at 2:30 o'clock, from St. Mark's •
Church, O'Farrell street,, between - Franklin-
and Gough. Interment Masonic Cemetery. :
GRUNIG — In San Jose, June 1, -1808, Hattie ,
Grunlg, aped 20 years and 10 months. . ' ■
H ALDER— In Los Angeles, May 31, 1898, Mrs..-
Anna Haider, aged 45 years. . .
HARDING— In Tudor, Sutter County, May 81,
1888, Samuel Harding, a native of Illinois, ,
aged CO years 9 months and 26 days. • '•
i HARRIS— In this city. June 2, 1898, Bernard."
beloved husband of the late Zipora Harris,
i and father of Mrs. L. J. Morris and Charles
S., Henry B. and Louis L. Harris, a native
of Exin, Germany, aged 73 years 3 months
and 5 days. tltf Iptr
Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow'.
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the residence
of his son. Charles S. Harris, 1921 Ellis street.- •
Interment New Salem Cemetery, by train
leaving Third and Townsend 'streets at li:30
o'clock.
HOLMES— May 29, 1898, Victor, dearly loved
son of Hilllgard and the late Victor Holmes,"
and brother of Cecelie and Mellla Holmes.- a
native of San Francisco, aged 22 years and 5'
months.
tt^lntlmate friends of tHe family are In-
vited to attend the funeral this day (Satur-
day), at 2 o'clock, from the residence of his
mother, 1127 Broadway, San Francisco. ■ In-
terment Laurel Hill Cemetery. ' ■
HUGHES— In this city. June 1, 1898, James' 8., :->: ->
beloved husband of Hannah Hughes, and
father of May Hughes, aged 40 years 4 months
and 7 days. . ■ • .
■ [CFriends and acquaintances are respect- •
fully invited to attend the funeral this day .
(Saturday), at S:3O o'clock, from his late resi-
dence. 1004 Hampshire street, near Twenty- •
fourth, where a solemn requiem nigh mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. : . :. '
JACKSON— In this city, May 31, 1898, Frank
Edward Jackson, beloved son of Cecelia A.
Dale, a native of San Francls.co, aged 43
years.
JACKSON— In San Diego, Cal., May 28/ 1898,
James Jackson, a native of Ireland, agt'd DO
years.
t?"Frien<ls and" acquaintances are- respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), .at 1:30 o'clock, under the aus- *
pices of Court Occidental No. 6C76. A. O. : F..
from Foresters' Hall. 102 O'Farrell street. In-'
terment Mount Olivet Cemetery- 2 Remains at
H. C. Bunker & Co.'s,. undertakers. 2GGS Mis-
sion street. • "-'_'■;•:
JOHNSTON— this city. June 2. 1898, , Mar-
tha J., beloved wife, of James Johnston, mother,
of -John, Edward, Hugh, James, and Robert -.
F. Johnston, and Bister of John,-' William J.,.
Robert F. and Esther Crockard and lira.
James Gratto, a native of San Francisco,
aged 37 years 5 months and 5 days.
[Ts"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from the family =
residence, 157 Crescent avenue. Interment I. '
O. O. F. Cemetery.
KNOX— In this city. June 3. 1898, Thomas R. ,
Knox, a native of Canada.
LAMBERT— In this city. June 3, IS9B. Jacob,
beloved husband of Hannah Lambert, and
father of John, : James and . Katie Lambert,
a native of New York, aged 45 years. (New
York papers please copy.)
Notice of funeral hereafter.'
LOUGEE— In Oakland,- June 3 1898, Charles
Henry, beloved husband of Martha Lougee, •
and father of Gertrude F. Lougee, a native of
Vermont, aged 67 years.
MILLS— In this city. June 3. 1898, Catherine,
beloved daughter of James and the late Cath-
erine Mills, and sister of James W., Nora
and Thomas Mills and Mrs. S. Concilia, a
native . of San Francisco, aced 24 years 8
months and 27 days. .l. l
NORTON— Near East . San Jose, June 1. 188$,
Mrs. Llbble Norton, a native of Canada, late
of San Francisco.
O'BRIEN— this city, June 2. 1898, Patrick
O'Brien, dearly beloved brother of Delia
O'Brien and Mrs. D. McCarthy, and nephew
of John Burke, a native of MUltown, Malbay,
County Clare, Ireland, aged 25 years.
(C?Fiiends and acquaintances are respect-
. fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of
■ the PaclQo Undertakers, 777 Mission street,
thence to St. Brendan's Church, where a sol-
emn requiem mass will :. be celebrated for -the
repose of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock.
Interment Holy Cress Cemetery.
O'DAY— In thin city. May SO, 1898, John O'Day,
a native of Laughre, County Galway, Ireland.
RILEY— In this city, June 2, 1838, Nora E.
Riley (nee Dowling), beloved wife ' of John
Rlley of Nicasio, Marin County, Cal., and
sister of Mrs. J. D. Welch. Willie Dowling .
and Mrs. Sarah Fisher, a native of Trinity.
Center. Trinity County, Cal., aged 31 years.
. C7Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from the residence
of J. D. Welch. 1520 Eddy street, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a polemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her ■
soul, commencing at 9:30 o'clock.- Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery. • .
ROLAND— In this city, June ,1. 1898," Francis. '.-'
beloved' husband of Anna Roland, and father
of Adolph. Roland, a native of France, aged
88 years 4 months and 15 days.
(CTFriends are respectfully invited to at- ' ...
tend the funeral to-morrow (Sunday), at 1
o'clock, from Pioneer Hall. Fourth street,
near Market. Interment Masonic Cemetery. ■.
BCHORCHT— In South San Francisco; June 1.
IS9S, Herman, dearly beloved husband ■of
Frledrlke Schoreht and dearly beloved father'
of Mary, Marguerite and Martha Schoreht
and Emma Schoreht of Germany, a native of
Saxe- Weimar, Germany, aged ■5S years 6
•months and 5 days. A member of Bay View
Lodge No. 159, A. O. U. W.
(ETThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 601 K street, near Seventh avenue :
south. Soutl. San Francisco. Strictly private. .
A. O. U." W. — the officers and members ' of "■*'•
Bay View Lodge No. ; 159. A. O. V. W.i You. . .
are hereby notified to meet ■at your hall
this day (Saturday), at 1 o'clock, .for the
purpose of attending the funeral of our late
brother, Herman Schoreht. By order of M.
W. -.:'.- EDWARD E. MEALEY. Recorder.
SMITH— this city, June 3. 1838, Eliza A. '.'
beloved wife of W. Alex Smith, a native of
Philadelphia, ■ Pa., aged 78 years 9 months ' .
and 17 days. . .■. ■ ■ • .
STARLING— In Sacramento, June 1, IS9S. Al- •'
bert Subers, son of A. M. and W. A. Starl-
ing, a native of California, aged 7 years 10 ' :
months and 21 days. ■ •
TAYLOR— In Oakland, June 3, 1898. Lewis Wll- . •
. son. beloved husband of Kate B. Taylor." and • •
father of Mrs. B. H.-Horr and Lillle, George
V,'., Rose ST. and Harriett M. Taylor, a na- - ■
• tive of Indiana, aged 74 years 3 months' and,
19 days. . '•
THOMAS— Near Maine Prairie. May 24, 1898, "' "
• : Mel7.ar Thomas, a native • of Maine, aged SO .
years 3 months and 25 days. ,
VEUVE— In San Jose, June 1. 1895, Eugene L. **.
Veuve, a native of Switzerlandi aged- 80
years 2 months and 2 days. • .
WATERS— In this . city, June 3, - 1598, Mary. .■; ■■' •
beloved wife of the late Martin- Waters,' and
mother of Millie. Martin, Katie, Nellie, An- . .
. nie and Willie Waters, a native of Sljgo, fre- .'■':'
land, aged 4S years. . ' '• . .
tCTFrlends . and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
- (Sunday), at 10:30 o'clock, from her late-res!-- >
deace, 1121 Kearny street, between -Union and
Green, thence to St. Francis Church,, "where -1
a high requiem' mass will be said for ".the .re- .
pose ot her soul.' commencing at 11 . a'cloek.
Interment Holy Cross Cemeterv. . JSBtyKalf^B
WEINMANN —In : this city, > Joseph, • beloved ' '
husband of Lizzie Weinmann, beloved son of •
Joseph Weinmann, and brother of ; Pefar.
Frank and Emily Weinmann, Mrs. P. Hi
Kauf hold, - Mrs. Ermine . Trout and Mrs. T; .
; Newman, a native of Minneapolis, Minn, aged;
" 36 years and 4 months. . (Minneapolis pap'ers •
please copy.) : . 4kf£n{f||§rn
(TTFriends are respectfully Invited ; to At- • \
tend -the ' funeral this lay ! (Saturday); at v "
o'clock, from the parlors of the Califor-
nia Undertaking Company. Geary and Stock- '
ton. streets, thence to St.. Maw's Church, cor-
ner, Dupont and California . streets, where a . "
requiem high mass will be celebrated for the •
. repose .of - his soul, at 10 o'clock,-: thence -to
■ funprnltrain leaving nt 11:30 o'clock to Holy.
; Cross Cemetery.- Interment private.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I • •
FUNEKAL DIRECTORS &. KMBALMER3 I
: :id iI?TH ST., Opp. Lincoln' SelwoL; ■;•; :|_ •.
' '.' . Telephone. South SO. ■ 1*
EFtab. ISSB. - , •■■ ■-■-.'..'•■ Tel. South 47. ;
CRAIG &COCHRAN CO.
Funeral Directors and Embalmers, '
j ;.: 22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants, Spacious chapel for th» u»s
of our patron*. Rubber Urea' on our ambulanc*.
1314
SOLDIERS
LIKE OUR
HOSPITALITY
Red Cross Ladies Win
Their Gratitude.
MANY WILL REMAIN HERE
DAKOTA TROOPS WE.RE SAVED
FROM STARVATION.
Benefits and Generous Subscriptions
help Swell the Fund — In
teresting News of the
Workers.
Mrs. I. Lowenberg, chairman of
the hospitality committee of the lo
cal Red Cross Society, announces
that no further lunches will be re
quired at the ferry until the arrival
of more troops, which will be duly
announced.
Through the untiring efforts of the ;
Red Cross Society this State has won :
an enviable reputation for hospitality
and kind-heartedness throughout the
East. The thousands of soldiers who
have arrived during the past month
have been so charmed with their recep
tion and the climate that letters have i
been written to loved ones at home ;
telling of California's kindness, and
adding that this was the only State to
live in. Hundreds of the boys in blue
have been so charmed with the people
and the State that they vow to taite up i
residence here If they return safely from
the fever-stricken shores of Manila.
: There might have been greater rest- ,
l^psneKs among the soldiers who are anx- \
■■ at tha front, and Increased
complaints against the tardiness of the
quartermasters department in awarding
food and clothing to the men, but for the
noble work of the society in alleviating
tiuir wains and its constant watchful
::«.^s over their welfare.
One of the strongest examples of the
Red Cross Society's beneficence was
" given on Thursday night, when It fur
nished the large body of troops from Da
kota with food, which through the neg
■ ljgence of the quartermaster's department
. or the regimental officers had been neg
lected.
." The Call yesterday told how Mrs. Har
rington and her corps of Indefatigable
assistants skirmished the city in search
of food and how their appeals were speed
ily answered by generous and kind-heart
•ed citizens.
This was only one of the many noble
deeds performed by the society since its
.organization, and ii is no wonder that the
public has responded so quickly in sub
scribing to carry on the great work.
• .Among the amounts received yesterday
were :he following:
. Cinegraphic Parlor, $17 65; school children of.
Mill \ alley. 120; Dr. E. W. Lowry, $2 50; Mrs.
S. Prentlsa Smith, Jo; First National Bank.
Jl«K>: Miss Hirschfelder and C Meaney, $10;
Miss Bessie Stillman (box at Presidio gate),
}. •).■: i-'roi^i;int Episcopal Sunday-school,
Menlo Park, $6 20; employes United States Ap
phaiser's office, $30 50; Captain and Mrs. Green,
$2 60; Mrs. A. P. Scott, $10; Burnett's school,
$5; Frultvale Sunday-school, $10; Miss Annie
Cesilin, $2 50: friend, $1; strawberry festival,
Clement School, $112 85; Master Frank Judis,
$,' ; California and Pacific Coast Jockey Clubs,
$1514; employes Southern Pacific Company at
• office of »h<> company, L'nion Trust building,
$201 50; memberships, $98: donation advertising
bill, il. H. ■:■■ Young. San Francisco Chronicle,
$10 ;0; Friwllanaer, Oottlob & Co., proceeds en
tertainment at iialdwln Theater, Scheel con
cert and Mme. Pilar-Morin, $219; Mrs. T. Hop
kins. $50; Miss Crier. $2, Grant School, lirih
• subscription, 2'j cenis.
The Dewey Chapter, composed of school
children of I'kiuh. donated two large
boxes 'ii dainties to the society, including
fifty large jars of jelly.
Tne receipts received at the headquar
ters of the State Red Cross Society are
'as follows:
B'anta Cruz Auxiliary, $100; people of Exeter,
* $15; Petaluma Red Cross Society, $75; Golden
Star Chapter No. 66, Order of the Eastern Star,
Jackson, $10; Qulncy, Cal., N. S. G. W., No. !
131, $10; Dewey Chapter, Red Cross, Uklah.
second subscription. $6 90; Miss Mary Elliot,
|10; a friend, $100; Miss Laura H. Seaver, Jo;
.Kamona-Parlor No. 109, N. S. G. W., $10; Alder
Glen Parlor. N. S. G. W., Fort Bragg, $5;
•ladies of Newcastle (from sale of Ice cream
$50, and collected by Mrs. Winter $10), $60; ,
.Parri Parlor No. 38. N. D. G. \\\, of Dixon. !
;$10'; Congregational Church of Cloverdale,
.Memorial Day collection, $10 SO.
•' Mrs. A. 8. Townsend of 1221 California
Ft! t gave 6000 yards light-weight mus
lin to be used in making 10,000 bandages
for tha boys at Camp Merritt to practice
(■with. '
••• The Owl drug store sent a beautiful let
• ter and 4000 packages of lint for the next
Expedition.
. One poor old woman, who refused to
give her name, came to 16 Post street
. yesterday and donated twenty yards of
flannel, which she evidently needed her
■ self.
'Grant School sent its fourth subscrip
tion, amounting to $17 37.
• Mrs. E. L. Loryea of the new Hammam
Baths, at 218 Post street, will donate all
■ proceeds on Monday and Tuesday, the
. 6th and "th. to the Red Cross Society. The
baths will be open day and night to both
■ men and women. '
Wheeler, the caterer, donated all the
refreshments at Mrs. Martin's tea, and
• the waiters gave half their wages.
The St. Mankus Frauen Verein, through
Sirs. F. LuderTiann, donated $50, to be used
■ in the purchase of flannels, muslin, tape,
etc.
San Francisco Schuetzen Damien Vereln
' Society donated $50, to be used in the pur
chase of muslin, flannel, tape, etc.
A. P. Hotallng & Co. donated whisky,
etc.. for the sick at the ferry.
Mrs. Henry James, who has devoted
both time and energy to Red Cross -work
Blnce the organization of the society, was
• yesterday prevailed on by Mrs. J. F.
Merrill, the president of the local branch,
to accept the position of chief registrar.
It will De her duty to receive all money
contributions and membership dues, and,
with the aid of her assistants, keep a
careful account of amounts received.
The pupils of the Harrison Primary
School on last Thursday afternoon vis
ited Camp Merrltt and carried to the
' soldiers a good quantity of articles for
their comfort. The donations of the lit
tle ones were gratefully received.
W. J. Benkerl has been authorized by
President Mrs. J. F. Merrill of the local
• lied Cross Society to collect playing-cards
for the benefit of the soldiers about to
embark for the Philippines. He is work
: £U. ADVERTISEMENTS.
I had Eczema of the scaly, itchy kind seven
years. I thought my face and arms were
aflre. My face was full of large white scales,
and my head was full of sores. I was ashamed
to go' in company. I took five bottles of Can-
Resolvent, washed with Ccticcsa
Soap, put on Cuticura (ointment), and found
gr'Jtt relief instantly, and got a clean face
again, thanks to Ccticdra.
' VALENTIN ECNKR, .
March 7, 1808. ios Stagg St., Brooklyn, N. T.
■ .- . ; ■-... _. ■ »ajv :*,.-
' BrB«nTCn«iTR«xTM«i»T.— Warm baths with Ctrn-
cpha Boai\ gentle annlntlncs with Cdtictjra (ointment),
purest of emollient skin cures, mild dotes of C mice* a
lUsoltkht, greatest of blood purifiers and humor caret.
' Bold throurhnut the world. FOTTtlDiroinCnili
Ca.».<'«j-_ notion. Jiow to Car* Skis Dlmmn ( fr**
ing simply for the good of the cause, and
all contributions will be fittingly applied
by the Red Cross Society.
The American Union Fish Company
and employes donated to the Red Cross
yesterday 3000 pounds of fish, consisting
of fresh shad, soles and flounders, to be
distributed among the soldiers in the
Colorado, Wyoming, Utah and Montana
regiments.
Mr. Stevens of the Union Square Mar
ket sent out 150 pounds, and Hoy Lee, a
Chinaman, gave fifty pounds of
I shrimps. Before being sent out it was
, regularly inspected by Market Inspector
Jordan.
The Toung Ladies' Institute, No. 7,
.through its committee. Mrs. W. E. Bowes,
Mrs. M. Cusack and Mrs. J. F. Fogarty,
I presented the society with a generous
contribution to be used in purchasing ma
terial for making bandages.
The pupils of the Lowell High School
yesterday sent a large gift of writing ma
! teriale to the tent arranged by the
Christian Endeavor workers for the con
venience of the soldiers at Camp Merritt.
; Besides stationery, six dozen bottles of
ink, six gross assorted steel pens, pencils,
penholders, etc., and a dozen table lamps
were given.
The society is indebted to 9. V. Moody
, for his generous donation of 300 dozen
- eggs and $50.
Beef extracts are needed by the ladies
! in charge of the Red Cross hospital tent
■ at Camp Merritt and all donations in that
I line will be thankfully accepted.
Mrs. William T. Ellis of Marysvllle ex
| pressed ISO dozen eggs to the Red Cross
yesterday and asked that they be distrib
j uted among the boys in blue.
The j»upils of the Polytechnic Business
i Evening High School will give a grand
! entertainment and ball for the benefit of
: the society on the evening of June 30th,
i in Union-Square Hall.
Miss A. Morgpnstein sent four large
| salmon to in Post street and they were
Bent to Camp Merritt.
REJUVENfITED OLD MAIDS.
Kirjg's Daughters Give ar> Inter-
estirjg Entertairjment in Aid
of the Red Cross Society.
The entertainment given last evening in
the California street M. E. Church by
M. M. Circle of King's Daughters for the
benefit of the Red Cross fund was a suc
cess in every particular. The "Rejuven- I
ated Old Maids" idea created merriment :
among the large audience that filled the I
assembly hall of the sacred edifice. Girls
who were supposed to havo reached that
age where marriages are few and far be
tween were placed in a box and by turn-
Ing of a crank to the soulful tune of '"Old
Black Joe" were rejuvenated into later
day girls. Miss Bessie F. Hewitt, the
president of the society, entered the magi
cal box in a costume that would attract
attention anywhere, it being so ludicrous, j
but on being released she appeared as a
winsome city belle.. Miss Browne did ;
not have the combination and was ground
and reground without materializing. Miss j
Myrtle Morton was turned out a pretty i
Red Cross girl and recited the needs of
the organization. Miss Maud Kennedy (
came forth in bridal robes, and Miss Ida ;
McMullen returned a demure "Puritan."
Miss Eikman, as the "Pride of the Navy," |
sang "Remember the Maine." Bertha j
Adams changed from an old and erratic !
maid to a fresh country girl, much to hor :
satisfaction. Miss May Druoker came out i
as she went In, "an old-fashioned girl."
After Miss 1,. Weir had sung and the
Richmond Broom Brigade, in command of
A. B. Southard, had gone through its
manual of arms, the audience and parti
cipants adjourned to a long room off the :
assembly hall and did justice to ice- ',
cream and cakes. Quite a neat sum was
realised by the entertainment, which will ;
be turned over to the society.
MINT GOLD GOES
UP IN STEAM
BEGINNING OF THE TRIAL OF
WILLIAM CLARKSON.
His Counsel Contends the Missing
Bullion Was not Stolen, But
Evaporated in the Mint.
The trial of ■William Clarkson, ex-fore
man of the rolling department of the San
Francisco Mint, for embezzlement, was
begun yesterday before a jury in the
I'nlted States District Court. Judge de
Haven presiding. H. C. McPike appeared
for the defendant and Deputy District
Attorney Schleslnger for the Govern
ment.
Mr. McPike took the ground that the
Mint lost no gold at all by theft, but that
it was lost and dissipated by the processes
to which it was subjected while being re
fined and manufactured into coin in the
Mint. Much of it was carried away in
minute particles by the water in which
the gold was washed, and much of it was
evaporated by heat and moisture and
parsed away in the form of steam.
A. T. Spottß. coiner of the Mint, occu
pied the witness-stand during the greater
part of the day, and testified to the fact
that $1100 worth of gold in excess of the
ordinary loss, due to manipulation, had
been missed between August, 1897, and
February 24, 1898.
The prisoner is being iried on only two
charges of embezzlement, $70 worth of
gold being alleged to have been taken
away and appropriated to his own use by
Clarkson.
Mr. McPike offered to prove that since
Clarkson's discharge from the Mint there
had been proportionally as large an
amount of gold lost as there had bfen
when Clarkson had charge of the rolling
department.
Mr. Spotts told the Jury how on ascer
taining that the loss In the rolling de- '
partment was inordinate he had gone to i
Mr. Clarkson and informed him of the
lOM, that it was heavy, unusual and tin- !
accountable, and that Clarkson's conduct !
of that department was not satisfactory ;
to the witness as coiner.
E. D. Carver, a blacksmith residing at
340 Golden Gate avenue, was called for the
purpose of testifying tn the fact that
clarkson last November brought some of
th.> stolen gold to his shop, but Mr. Me- :
Pike objected. The testimony of the wit
ness would destroy Mr. Mcl'ike's theory i
that the missing gold had evaporated in j
steam In the Mint. The argument on the ,
objection was deferred until to-day, and
the jury 'was excused until Monday.
CHINATOWN ARBESTS.
Excellent Work Don© by Sergeant
McManus and His Squad.
Chief l.ees yesterday received trie re
1 prt of the first month's work of Sergeant
' McManus and his Chinatown squad, and
it shows that they have not been asleep.
During the month 241 arrests were made,
and out of that number there were only
twenty-one dismissals. The amount of
fines contributed to the treasury was
$1890, which compares most favorably
with the results of any previous squad.
1 Forty-two cases of lottery tickets, valued
at $300, were seized and confiscated, the
largest seizure of the kind ever made at
one time.
.■ ♦ »
Custom-House Changes.
Collector Jacksnn yesterday made sev
eral changes in the personnel of the Cus
toms Department. T. Hanford, an old
soldier, was appointed extra assistant
weigher in place of S. L. Marston, who
resigned for the purpose of enlisting in
the United States Volunteers. Josoph
Townsend resigned his position as* opener
and packer to accept more lucrative em
ployment, and F. W. Lewis was appointed
in his place from the eligible list. J. P.
McNab, opener and packer, got tired of
the Job and handed in his resignation.
His place was tilled by the appointment
of A. C. Buckbee from the eligible list.
Wants Her Marriage Annulled.
Janet A. Pariser has applied to the Su
perior Court for an annulment of her
marriage to George Pariser. Mrs. Pari
ser alleges that the marriage was per
formed in New Jersey in November of
1897, and that she has since discovered
that her husband had a wife, who was at
the time of her marriage and still is in
the land of tne living. In consequence
the plaintiff asks that her marriage be
annulled and that she be allowed to re
sume her maiden name, Prescott.
New Boxing Permit.
The Finance Committee of the Board of
Supervisors yesterday granted the Mer
chants' Athletic Club the privilege of
holding an amateur athletic entertain
ment of boxing, wrestling: and gymnastics
at the quarters, 325 Davis street without
charting a license fee.
THE SA!N FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, JUNE 4, 1898.
ROBBED OF
HIS WATCH
AND MONEY
Bold Crime of Three
Criminals.
THREATENED TO KILL HIM
HENRY KAHERS, A STRANGER,
HELD UP.
Joseph. Reed, One of His Assailants,
Arrested and Locked Up in
the Tanks Pending
Investigation.
Henry Kahers, a recent arrival from
Nebraska, was attacked by three men
on Pacific street, near Leavenworth,
Thursday night, and after being beaten
into insensibility was robbed of $30 and a
gold watch.
According to Kahers' story he was on
his way home when he was accosted by
a young man, who asked him for a
match. Catching a glimpse of two men,
who were concealed in a doorway, Ka
hers, tuspecting something wrong, start
ed to walk away. Just then the men
who were in the doorway emerged from
their place of concealment and attacked
him.
One of them struck him over the head
with a slungshot, felling him to the
ground. While one of the men proceeded
to search his clothing the other repeat
edly kicked him in the face and stomach.
After taking the money and valuables
the robbers threatened to kill him if he
informed the police. They then run down
Pacific street and disappeared in the
darkness.
Kahers a short time afterward visited
the North End Station and told his tale
of woe to the oflicer in charge. From
his description of the man who struck
him with the slungshot Policeman Mc-
Grayn of the California-street Station
yesterday afternoon arrested Joseph
Reed, a teamster, and locked him up in
the tanks pending an Investigation.
Reed denies any complicity in the rob
bery and claims that he can prove an
alibi by at least half a dozen reputable
citizens. Notwithstanding his protesta
tion of Innocence Kahers says he is one
of the men who assaulted him.
The police claim they know the other
robbers and confidently expect to arrest
them to-day.
In telling his experience to Chief Lees
Kahers said he had left his home in Ne
braska intending to come to this city to
seek employment. He rented a room in
a down-town lodging-house, expecting to
remain there until he procured work.
Learning that a friend was stopping at
a house on Pacific street, near Hyde, he
concluded to call on him. As he passed
Leavenworth street ho was attacked by
the three men.
FOR A WORTHY CAUSE.
Another Successful Entertainment
Given in Aid of the Red Cross
Fund.
Quite a large and appreciative audience
attended the concert held in the
Y. M. C. auditorium last evening for the
benefit of the Red Cross fund, under the
direction of Charlotte P. Ebbets and Ida i
B. Diserens.
The participants In the long and varied
programme were repeatedly recalled and
were recipients of beautiful bouquets in
partial payment for their willingness to
aid a worthy cause. The following pro
gramme was rendered:
Vocal trio, Mrs. F. A. Gardner. Mips Eliza
beth Warden, Miss Annie Forester; song, Sig
nor Fernando Michelena; reading , ■ Miss Eliza
beth Bartlett; Bong, Madame Wlsmer: piano,
Helen Dodd: song. Mrs. Susie Hert-Mark;
violin, Hither Wi*mer; song-, nfgnor Michel
ena; &ong, Mrs. Carrie Brown-Dexter; read
ing-. Miss Elizabeth HnrtWt: vocal duet. Mrs.
Susie Hert-Mark, Miss Emilie Parent, ac
companist Fred Maurer.
Town Talk
This week Issues its third special num
ber, a graduate's number, with Mills
College mai'lens and others shown in their
pretty white frocks. Space is devoted to
the Red Cross tea last Saturday at Mrs.
Bleanor Martin's, and the Saunterer re
counts the career of lieutenant Hook.T,
and tells some good stories. Phil Garlic'd I
sarcastic pen is wielded with its usual
vigor, and the musical, dramatic and
other departments are decidedly interest
ing. •
Bad Pavements Denounced.
A Coroner's .jury yesterday exonerated
from blame John McHendry, driver of the
(ruck which on the Mist ran over and
killed 4-year-old Clarence Hayden of 411
Fourth street.
Tn the case of John Rrown, who fell off
his wagon and was killed at the corner of
Third and Folsom streets, the jury re
turned a verdict that the fall was caused
by a wagon rut. "and that this man's
death was duo to the disgraceful condi
tion of the street at Third and Folsom
streets."
Divorce Suits Filed.
Delia V. Castro has applied for a di
vorce from J. E. Castro, alleging deser
tion as a cause of action. Minna Jackson
complains that her husband, Andrew
Jackson, has failed for some time to pro
vide her with the necessaries of life, and
PASSING OF AN ATTORNEY.
THOMAS R. KNOX, Late School Director, Who
Died Yesterday.
The death occurred yesterday afternoon of Thomas R. Knox. who was
well known in legal and political circles. He was at one time stenographer
to the Supreme Court, and at another stenographer in Department 4 of the
Superior Court. He pr. -ticcd law. was a School director, and candidate
for Superior Judge. He was horn in Gait. Canada, in 1852, and came to Cali
fornia in 1883. He fell a victim to Brlghfs disease. The funeral will take
place on Sunday afternoon at 2 o'clock from Masonic Temple, under the
auspices of Oriental Lodge No. 144, F. and A. M.
In consequence she has filed suit for di
vorce. Annie A. Ackesman has filed suit
for divorce against Charles F. Ackerman.
As a cause of action the plaintiff alleges
desertion. Alma Donnadleu has applied
for a divorce from Henry Donnadieu on
the ground of failure to provide.
PRECITA VALLEY CLUB.
The Contour of Frog Hollow Is Being
Rapidly Transformed.
Through the instrumentality of John T.
Graham and his Precita Valley Improve
ment Club the contour of what was a few
years ago a home for meandering frogs
is rapidly assuming the shape of com
fortable homes for small families who
purchased property there some few years
ago. Streets and avenues have been laid
out, graded and sewered, bringing the
valley into prominence as a snug dwell
ing place for those who reside there. Yet
much is required to be done, and to do
it the club keeps hammering away at the
Supervisors for additional work. One
final effort will be made this year to have
Bernal Park beautified and turned into
a pleasure ground tor the children of that
section. In addition to this the Supervi
sors will be petitioned to have Harrison
street, from Twenty-sixth to Precita ave
nue. Treat avenue, Shotwell and Capp
streets, from Twenty-sixth to Army
street, graded and sewered during the
early portion of the next fiscal year. The
extension of Potrero avenue from Ninth
street to the county line will be finished
during the coming year. Then will fol
low the filling in of Twenty-sixth street
from Bryant to San Bruno avenue, and
the abatement of that standing nuisance,
the broken sewer which has and is at
present a standing menace to the health
of the entire community.
The thanks of the club to the Superin
tendent of Streets was offered at the i
meeting last night for bringing to time J
the contractors wno had the grading of j
Twenty-sixth street for the last nine
months. The forfeiting of their bonds
and the sublettin- of the contract to oth
ers has had the desired effect. The work
is now going on in a satisfactory manner.
WILL CELEBRATE
THE FOURTH OF JULY
OLD GLOAY WILL FLUTTER TO
THE BREEZE.
Citizens Who Will Manage America's
Anniversary of Independenca
This Year.
The Finance Committee of tne Board of
Supervisors, consisting of Dr. T. A- Rot
tan T. H. Haskins and Lawrence De
vany, madei the following selection of
representative citizens yesterday for the
purpose of observing the due celebration
of America's natal day. These sixty-two
citizens will assemble in the Supervisors'
chambers at 8 o'clock on next Monday
evening for the purpose of organization
and to make all preparation for the proper
observance of America's great anniver
sary. The following are the names of
those selected by the Supervisors:
James M. Hamilton, Thomas Kennedy,
George A. Alfritz. D. Devany, Walter F. Till
man, Henry S. Martin, Chris Newman, Luke
Rattles, T. E. Treacy. Frank Coryn, Frank
Lester, Charles Riley, Henry F. Wynne, George
Smith, John Hammersmith, Grattan Phillips,
E. P. E. Troy, Thomas Robinson. S. V. Cos
tello. William Humphrey, AI Borllnl. Fred
Raabe. Leon Samuels, Lawrence F. Walsh. An
tone Fodera. 11. 11. Lynch, Frank Sheerin. .1.
T. Sullivan, W. Plagemann. John F. Mc-
Groußh, G. laccheri, William A. Breslln,
George R. Fletcher, Charles F. Bunrman. L.
Rea. F. A. Osborne, A. T. Brnnnjgan. Arthur
Spear, Fred O. Heuston, William Bendt. David
Barry, B. Brizard, George T. Folsom. J. C.
Nohrnann. Charles J. King:, Thomas J. Mor
ton, George C. Boardman, Robert W. Dennis.
George H. Buckingham, W. W. Whan Rig
mund Stern, James H. O'Brien, L. Levy, James
W. Crowe, J. Much, John E. Owens, James E.
O'Donnell, Thomas F. Doran, John J. Mc-
Carthy. George N. J. Smith, Louis Haas, Mar
tin F. FraKley, Edward Holland.
■ ♦ ■ ■ S
TWO HANDSOME STEAMERS.
Canadian Pacific Has Chartered Them
for the Alaskan Trade.
The Canadian Pacific Railway has char
tered two handsome steamers from the
West Australia Company and will run
them between Vancouver and Dyea and
Wrangel Island . They are first-class
ocean liners of s^o gross tnnmge each,
and are named the Athenian and Tartar.
They have been especially secured for
the ' Klondike busings, and will make
the round trip in six days, thus giving a
six-day service to Alaska. Business will
be booked in this city to make proper
connections wiih the steamers.
It is proposed to use the outside channel
in going up to Alaska, and thus avoid the
innumerable little reefs in the inner chan
iif-1. which have caused so many mishaps
of late.
■ ♦ ■
Asks for Big Damages.
.lule C. Gamage has filed suit against
W, Meyerhof to recover $20,000 damage
for alleged malicious prosecution. On
the 11th ult. Meyerhof procured a war
runt for the arrest of Gamage, charging
him with felony r mbezzlemont. but when
the case was called Meyerhof failed to
appear, and the case against Gamage was
dismissed. Gamage claims that malice
prompt nd Meyertfbf to procure the war
rant, and he now asks that damages be
awarded him.
Illegal Immigrants.
Immigration Commissioner North com
plained yesterday to United States Attor
ney Foote that Captain Hubbard of the
barkentine S. N. Castle had landed with
out notifying the Immigration Commis
| sioner Pix passengers from Honolulu. Tho
pennlty may be a fine of $1000 for each
passenger so landed.
Diverted the Water.
Miller & Lux have sued the Kern
County I,and Company for $25,000 damages
alleged to have been sustained by the
plaintiffs by the unlawful damming of a
canal running through their property in
■ Kern County.
The "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil Is
largely taking the place of fountain pens.*
FORGED HIS
CLIENT'S NAME
Warrant Out for A. J.
Greene's Arrest.
HE HAS LEFT* THE CITY
PUBLIC ADMINISTBATOR IM
POSED UPON.
The Arrest of John Lapique Three
Years Ago on a Charge of
Embezzlement Is
Recalled.
A warrant was issued yesterday by-
Judge Mogan for the arrest of Attoraey
A. J. Greene on a charge of forgery.
Greene has left the city and is supposed
to be in Hanford.
The complaining witness is John La- J
pique, 1318 Stockton street. Lapique was I
arrested In June, 1895, on a charge of fel- |
ony embezzlement. He was agent for
Jean Louis Ader, an old Frenchman, and
in negotiating the sale of furniture and '■
personal effects in the lodging house at
514 Bush street to Ader on June 13, 1895, it
was alleged that he embezzled $300 of the
purchase price. He was held to answer
before the Superior Court, and Judge
Belcher on April 13, 1896. sentenced him i
to eight years in the State prison. He I
appealed to the Supreme Court on the
ground that he had agreed with the land
lady of the lodging house that he should !
receive any money beyond $1150, the
price she was willing to accept, and he
kept the $300 in virtue of that agreement.
The Supreme Court reversed the judg
ment of the lower court on February 3
last, and Lapique got his liberty after
having been over two years in the County
Jail.
Ader meantime . had died and Laplque
filed a claim on his estate for J7335, which
was rejected by the Public Administra
tor. He then brought suit to recover the
amount. Lapique had no attorney, and
while he was in jail J. D. Sullivan, attor
ney for the Public Administrator, moved
I for the dismissal of the case, as the
I plaintiff was not represented, and it was
i dismissed.
Shortly afterward Attorney Greene, who
was connected with A. P. Van Duzer's
office, called upon Laplque at the County
Jail, and after leaving him sent him the
1 following letter:
I just returned from my proposed Interview
with you and am determined that you shall
see what I have tr> say. Jerry Sullivan for
j certain reasons will asree to have the case
i against Freese reinstated If I am interested. I
I can get you $250. otherwise you set nothing.
! I will give you $200 of it and take $f>o myself.
This is all you can possibly get; otherwise the
same is gone forever.
Lapique refused to agree to the propo
i sitlon, and since leaving jail he discovered
! that the following order purporting to be
i signed by him had been presented to the
I Puoiic Administrator, and in September
last $250 paid to Greene to compromise
the case:
Pay to A. P. Van Duzer or A. J. Greene, my
attorneys, any amount of money due me In
compromising my case against A. C. Freese,
and oblige, JOHN LAPIQUE.
Lapique declares that his signature is
i a forgery, and he has instituted proceed
i ings before Judge Seawell to have the suit
j against the Public Administrator reln
■ stated.
J. B. HUGHES' FUNERAL.
Will Take Place This Morning From
St. Peter's Cnurch.
The funeral of the late James B.
Hughes will take place this morning
! from St. Peter's Church, on Alabama
: street. Deceased was a member of the
! Young Men's Catholic onion, and past
president of St. Peter's Literary Society.
These organizations will attend the fu
; neral In a body. Mr. Hughes was in the
; prime of life, and his death has caused
| great sorrow among his many friends.
For there was not a more popular young
man in the Mission, where he was a resi
dent since his boyhood. He was one of
the organizers and active members of the
Potrero-Avenue Improvement Club, and
he took a very prominent part in the
movement to remove the County Hospital
and Pesthouse from their present loca
tion.
From his early boyhood Mr. Hughes has
been connected with the firm of Francis,
Valentine & Co., where he worked his
I way up the ladder from an errand boy to
secretary of the firm, which position* he
j has held for many years. In his death
the community has lost a valued and ac
tive citizen. He leaves a widow and a
little daughter.
Patriotic Wood-Turner.
R. Robinson, a wood-turner, became so
excited over the work of Schley's squad
ron at Santiago de Cuba that he pur
chased half a dozen big firecrackers
Thursday night, and while on his way
home about 1 o'clock yesterday morning
he tired them off on Polk street, between
McAllister and Golden Gate avenue. The
reports sounded like those of a gun, and
Policeman Youraky, the linguist of the
department, thought murder was being
committed. He rushed to the scene and
arrested Robinson on th<? charge of dis
turbing the peace. Yesterday morning,
after Judge Low heard Robinson's ex
planation, he dismissed the case.
Knocked Down by a Car.
James Carpenter, a' laborer employed by
the Street Department, while sweeping
the track on Market street, between
Eighth and Ninth. yesterday morn
ing, was knocked down by a car and
rendered unconscious. He was taken to
the Receiving Hospital, where it was
found tnat his injuries consisted of a
ADVERTISEMENTS.
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
i CITY OF jj|| PARIS 1
0 o
g DRY GOODS COMPANY.
I Cloak and Suit Department \
0 Friday and Saturday.
Q Q
1 Ladies' Colored Woolen Dress Skirts o
| at $6/50, reduced from $8.00.
o ILL IMPORTED TAILOR- MADE SUITS^ GREATLY REDUCED. |
1 o COUNTRY ORDERS PROMPTLY ATTENDED TO.
5 CITY OF PARIT DRY GOODS IOMPANY, |
® SE. Comer Geary and Stockton Streets, S. F. o
jj UNION SQUARE. q
0000000000000000000000000000000000000
wounded forehead and nose. After re
covery he said the gripman did not ring
the bell to warn him, and, as his back
was to the car, he did not see or hear its
approach.
PATRIOTIC HOME HELPEBS.
Organization Effected to Assist Wor
thy Families of Soldiers who
Have Enlisted.
A large and enthusiastic meeting of
ladies and gentlemen was held at the Oc
cidental Hotel last night to effect the
organization of a society to assist worthy
families of soldiers who have enlisted in
the defense of their country. Ex-Superior
Judge Van R. Paterson was elected tem
porary chairman. It was the sense of the
meeting that the name of the new society
shall be the "Patriotic Home Helpers."
The report of the committee on organi
zation was received and adopted. It rec
ommended that the following permanent
officers be elected: President, United
States District Judge W. W. Morrow;
lirst vice-president, Mayor James D.
Phelan; second vice-president, Major W.
B. Hooper.
The president was empowered to appoint
an executive committee of 100, and he will
announce the names later on. He will
also appoint a committee of twenty young
ladies to assist in putting the organiza
tion on a sound financial basis.
The following executive board was ap
pointed by the chair: Mesdames Horace
Davis, George W. Gibbs, L,ovell White,
W. E. Dean and William Ashburner; and
Messrs. J. M. Burnett, M. H. Hecht,
George E. Morse and J. C. Currier.
The advisory board will consist of
Horace Hill, J. B. Stetson, A. N. Drown
and Generals T. H. Goodman and J. F.
Houghton.
The following subscriptions were re
ported: Two checks of $100 each, previous
ly subscribed, the names of donjrs un
known; Herman Eppinger will donate $5
a month for six months; Mrs. George W.
Grannis $5 a month. Major Hooper $25 a
month and Horace L. Hill $25 a month,
the last three indefinitely. Mrs. A. Good
man subscribed $10 and William Thomp
son $5.
The following resolution was adopted:
"Resolved, That it is the aim and hope
of the Patriotic Home Helpers" Society
that all of our citizens shuil aid in the
good work for which we are organized,
and the society hereby earnestly solicits
the active co-operation of all who take an
interest in the work."
It is confidently expected that the very
worthy movement will do much practical
good in the cases of needy families of
soldiers, and all present expressed them
selves as willing to work hard for us
complete success.
A SEVERE NORTHER
IS PREDICTED.
FORECASTER SAYS WE WILL
HAVE THREE HOT DAYS.
Temperature Rising Rapidly in the
Sacramento Valley — Slight Fall
in Pressure Along the Cal
ifornia Coast.
"Weather Forecaster Ilammon says that
we are going to have two scorching hot
days— to-day and to-morrow. This he
reasons from the weatncr conditions and
from precedent, which has established
that our hot days come in threes. Yes
terday was the first day of the hot spell,
and summer clothing was very much in
demand. The maximum temperature of
the day in this city reached 71 degrees in
the shade, and to-day, according to Ham
mcn, it will be much more than that.
There has been a rapid increase in pres
sure over Washington, Idaho and Mon
tana, and a slight fall along the coast of
California, These conditions are develop
ing what is likely to be a severe norther
in California. Temperature has risen
rapidly in the Sacramento Valley, and
will continue to rise. A marked fall In
temperature has taken place in the plat
eau region of Nevada and Utah, and the
conditions are reversed in Utah and
Northeastern Nevada, where they have
had a heavy fall of snow.
The forecast for Northern California is
fair to-day, with brisk north winds.
THE WREDE DIVORCE SUIT.
Story of Matrimonial Troubles Partly
Heard in Judge Hebbard's Court.
The actiod for divorce recently insti
tuted by Mrs. Meta Wrede against her
husba"nd, Cord Wrede, a well-known
liquor merchant, living at 2026 Pine street,
was taken up by Judge Hebbard yester
day. Mrs. Wrede was placed on the
stand when the case opened, and testified
that her husband left her'several months
ago, after mortgaging their homestead for
$5000. He told her, she said, that he waa
going to pay family bills with the money,
but insteadof so doing he went to Stock
ton with the money, where he is said to
be living at the present time. After
Mrs. Wrede left the Ptand the case was
continued. Judge Hebbard. made an or
der granting the plaintiff $60 a month ali
mony during the hearing of the divorce
proceedings and counsel fees In the sum
of $100.
The Wasp This Week.
The first convention of the California
State League of Republican Clubs, which
was held this week in this city, was pho
tographed exclusively for the Wasp, and
in this week's issue considerable space is
devoted to the League. There are be
sides the picture of the convention a num
ber of half-tones of leading Republicans
fmrn various parts of the State. Other il
lustrated features are the volunteer ren
dezvous at Camp Merritt and the recent
Santa Rosa rose carnival. The cartoons ar«
clever, one showing Uncle Sam eking out
the just deserts to a notorious disciple of
yellow journalism, and another on a mil
itary topic. In the "Social Sidelights"
some of the newest g-ossip in the ultra
fashionable set is told, and the "Old
Maid's Diary," the "X Ray" and several
other departments are up to good stan
dard.
Trunks, valises, bags, baskets, pocket
books and writing tablets cheap at San
born & Vails . •
ADVERTISEMENTS. • " .. ' ; .;•
#♦♦♦♦ + ♦♦♦♦♦♦♦♦:♦ *,•; ;••:.
X BARGAINS FOR TO=DA¥ > : :
+ AT OUR FORCED 4
! LIQUIDATION SALEI£
"♦" Our great Liquidation Sale, held. 4- .™
+ by Peremptory Order of the Trus- ... ••■ ...
■ V tees for the purpose of , r . raising :"*■■■.
♦ money to AT ONCE PAY OrF tho 4 .:
-f ENTIRE BALANCE of our indebt- ••••
a edness. closes a tremendous week a T\ . •
"*" business with the following and .+. ;.
■♦■ thousands of other . -A. : •■■
it Specially Deep Cuts in Prices., .p^:]
X LADIES' KID AND CBAMQIS . + ; i
+ GLOVES. ■♦■
"♦■ At 50c a Pair. ■■ • . . "f* ' ;
-♦■ 20 Dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP WASH-. .>• . .
'4 ABLE CHAMOIS GLOVES, In whit?" . .
only; regular price 75c: will be closed. ~T ■ • ■
+ out for Jsoc a pair. • " ■+. . '
"^ At 65c a Pair. • ■♦" ':'::
4 34 Dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP SUEDBJ a, ..'
GLOVES, in white only; former pric« '~ .
"♦• $1; will be offered at 65c a pair. •+ " .■
At 75c a Pair. +
-♦■ 58 Dozen LADIES 4-BUTTON .A, I.'
» (REAL KID) GLOVES, colors and ;
"▼" black; regular price. $1 25; will b« ■+.
4. closed out for 75c a pair. •_» ■■'.■
+ At OOc a Pair. \ ' 4. .•"
a. BO Dozen LADIES 2-CLASP DRESS- !
, ED KID; also 2-CLASP SUEDE. . in +
-♦- all shades and black; regular value -^ . '•-
_. |1 26; will be on sale at &0c a pair. • "*" ' '
+ At 81 a Pair. , ■
E2 Dozen LADIES' 4 ROT. PEART, "♦"
♦ BUTTON (GENUINE FRENCH 4' ••
a KID) GLOVES, colors Ox Blood, Tan T
~ T Mode, Slate and Navy, regular price ♦■
+ Jl 60, will be closed out for $1 a pair, .4. .
4- STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK 4-" -
STORE OPEN UNTIL in O'CLOCK •♦-
■f SATURDAY EVENING. . ■ .
-f- . '"•.■•
+. [f\f Murphy Building:, m >:■•': ■
: Market aid Jones Streets. | • ■
STATEMENT
OF THE •"• ' . i
CONDITION AND AFFAIRS
OF THE
FIDELITY Al CASUALTY
COMPANY
OF New York, in the State of New Torts.
on the 31st day of December, A. D. 1897,
and for the year ending on that day, as mada
to the Insurance Commissioner of the State of
• 'alifornla, pursuant to the provisions of sec-
tions 610 and 611 of the Political Code, con-
densed as per blank furnished by the commis-
sioner:
CAPITAL.
Amount of capital stock, paid up In
cash $ 150,000 M
ASSETS.
Real estate owned by company $ E55.443 71
Cash market value of all stocks and
bonds owned by company ;. 1,649,953 B0
Cash in company's office 38.501 00
Cash in banks 18.019 78
Interest accrued on all stocks and
loans 2.016 67
I Rents accrued ■. .1.640 80
i Premiums in due course of collection 400.221 64
Reserve reinsurance deposit (cash in
company's possession) 21.495 41
Total assets $3,790,690 87
LIABILITIES.
Losses known or estimated, proofs
not filed I 15.4W0T
Losses in process of adjustment or In tk
suspense IOS.tSS 45 t
Losses resisted. $301,475 of which Is
for the insured 888.643 CT
Gross premiums on risks runninur ona
year or less, $2.5.">9.574 lfi; reinsur-
ance 50 per cent 1.429,937 0€
Gross premiums on risks running
more than one year, $236,917 34: re-
insurance pro rata 162. M0 91
Due and accrued for salaries, rent,
etc 25,69T 00
Total liabilities $2,077,981 tf
INCOME.
Net cash actually received for pre-
miums $2,944,245 »
Received for interest and dividends
I on bonds, stocks, loans, and from
I all other sources 66.240 18
Received for rents 68.212 18
Received for profit on assets sold.. 11,862 50
Total income $3,050,660 15
EXPENPTTTRES.
Net amount paid for losses $1,453.60118
Dividends to stockholders 45,000 00
Paid or allowed for commission or
! brokerage 763.924 04
Paid for salaries, fe^s and other
charges for officers, clerks, etc 131.127 11
Paid for State, National and local
taxes 60,231 U
■ All other payments and expenditures 450.165 87
Total expenditures $2,923,949 3t
GEO. F. SEWARD, President.
ROUT. J. HIL.LAR, Secretary,
Subscribed and sworn to before me, this M
day of February, ISM.
E. A. RABENER, Notary Public
PACIFIC COAST DEPARTMENT.'..
S. G. PARDEE, Manager and Attorney, .
MUTUAL LIFE BUILDING. ,
San Francisco, California - ! '
PAINLESS DENTISTRY
v ,<"**sel*nMtt.elnaarireiJKM9r 1 "' -
'•** Cnw»2* —^ %!Mn : . ':
-^St^^ffk^*^ ififfiip.. ■■■■•... .■..;"S&^|>"
f^^^fVAN VROOM
*^ *ml[ X* »IXTH . AMD WARKBP '. '
* • <a-W.-«LEISEr\,O.O.3.:V
FOR DAWSON CITY!
S. S. HUMBOLDT >;
SAILS JUNE 10
DIRECT. FOR ,
ST. MICHAELS, VIA SEATTLE,
» Connecting with fleet of '• v *
SIX RIVER boats,
Which insures a through trans- ■' ,*
portation with no delays.
250 lbs. Free and No. Limit to Outfit.
RATES POPULAR.
JNO. A. IWAGEE JR., GeneralAgent, -
310 Clay St., San Francisco.
Phone Main 1779. *
Seattle Agent: E. E. CAINE, Arlington. ,
Dock, and 105 Ye«ley Way. , a
PCai. -*»ur> EneUth Dittmc. .-
ENNVROYAL PILLS
-<K*V Ori^lnßlacd Only Genuine ".':'A. .'
J-if TK>\ •* rt - »lw»y» reliable. LAOits aak it\
l * S ''4<£Wj n '" id Brand In Red lad Odd ait ullioVVaT ■
Tgk ■~ ; -WS3 15 *' ""» 10 * »lth blue ribbon. T«ke y >JF
7*l ** sWJjio other. Refute dtngenyui tulttitxt- v.
I /••"• «f«»n*aivitm«a«on*. At Drsggi>ti. or lend**.
I *»■ itt a ft » m P» for partlcniari, t«tißQßial9-aa4
V'O* |JP " Kdlef *"•»• Ladles," in Utter, Ijt rctmm
— \. -ArL M»ll. 10,000 T-«iaiool»li. XmmtPmpar.
i*l4 kj all Loral flrarrlrt*. -. ■. . t>niT.AOiU vS
t-ZS&C* ';': We .Rent all Makes. Few partly >
&^Tj\ or Sale cheap. Send for I - * J
S^m'l Samples and Prices. '-J I
cll^^s! &M. ALEXANDER f
Ag^nti SMITH PREMIER ,
SSawy^T ■:-:: 11Q MONTGOMERY ST.. S.' F., CAL| -