VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 13(5.
THE MINISTER FROM SPAIN
WILL BE ORDERED HOME
WHEN McKINLEY
QUESTIONS SPAIN'S
TITLE TO CUBA
A Simple Resolution of Intervention, Ac
cepted by the President, Will Break
Diplomatic Relations.
Queen Regent Will Abdicate if Her Ministers Betray
Spanish Honor— From the White House
Comes the Threat of a Veto.
LONDON, April 14.— The
Madrid correspondent of the
Morning Post, telegraphing
by way of Biarritz, says :
The Queen Regent has in
formed members of her court
that it is her intention to ab
dicate immediately if the
Cabinet takes any steps de
rogatory to Spain's honor
and dignity."
According to a special dis
patch from Madrid the su
preme council of state has
authorized Senor Gullon,
Foreign Minister, to order the
Spanish Minister at Wash
ington, Senor Polo de Bar
nabe, to return to Spain di
rectly President McKinley
accepts "any resolution of
Congress which attacks
Spain's sovereignty in Cuba."
The Vienna correspondent
of the Daily Mail says : "Sev
ern! European powers, in
cluding Austria, are reported
to have advised Spain to de
clare war, because further
delay or concessions would
te likely to provoke revolu
tion."
MADRID, April 14.— Ministers,
dipl< . ankers, brokers, busi
ness men and the general public
agree to-day that the situation i-,
exceedingly acute and strained,
and I am putting it mildly in say
ing that the prevailing peace
party has received a severe check
from the President's message,
which is looked upon in minis
terial circles as being derogatory
to Spanish dignity.
I went on 'Change and found
that even there the war fever was
raging. There was a fall of more
than 2 1-2 points in prominent
Government securities.
The council of Ministers was
held to-day, under the presidency
of the Queen Regent, and it was
decided to give the necessary in
structions to the legation at
Washington to be prepared to
leave if necessary. It was also
decided to call the Cortes in ex
traordinary session at once, and
this evening the Queen Regent
signed the decree convoking the
Parliament.
The preamble of the summons
for the convocation of the Cortes
will be published in to-morrow's
OrTiJal Gazette. It assumes a
very determined tone in justify
in;: the convocation. Senor S; 1 -
gasta, on leaving the palace, said
that Sen or Gullon, the Minister
of Foreign Affairs, would report
to the European powers the atti
The San Francisco Call
1 tude assumed by the United
States.
After the Cabinet council the
Ministers reassembled at the Min
istry for Foreign Affairs and there
! discussed the question of sending a
note to the great powers, com
municating the decisions arrived at
; during the day's Cabinet meeting.
One of the Ministers said the
Government "continues to main
tain the same firm attitude of de
fense, not defiance."
There is much comment upon
• the extreme activity of the repre-
sentatives of the powers who have
been visiting Senor Gullon, and
there are many who look in this
direction for the ultimate solution
of the question.
General Weyler has arrived
here. He talks war and tries to
excite public feeling, but he does
not count. The Carlists, whose
power is more than a doubtful issue
now, declare that if Spain goes
to war they will unite with her;
if she does not they will wage an
internal war against her.
The anti-Government press is
rabid and the whole town is very
warlike. The Pais, in bi^ head
NEWS OF THE DAT.
Weather forecast for Pan Fran
cisco: Cloudy and unsettled weather
on Friday; fresh westerly wind.
Maximum temperature for the past
twenty-four b
San Francisco 56 degrees
Portland '■ degrees
Los Angeles 78 degrees
San Diego 64 degrees
Sacramento i'- degrees
FIRST PAGE.
Spain Becomes Warlike.
President Opposes Recognition.
To Destroy the Flylnp; Squadron
SECOND PAGE.
Bernabe Is Ready to Leave.
The French Favor Spain.
London Opinion With America.
Great Powers Indifferent.
Plotted to Destroy the Marietta.
Two Armies to Invade Cuba.
Troops Going to the Front.
Some Rebels Have Yielded.
THIRD PAGE.
Senators Talk War.
FOURTH PAGE.
Enoch Arden in Real Life.
Mitchell Not Burled Alive.
Lieutenant Jarvls Heard From.
Extending the Valley Road.
Oregon Republican Convention.
Edward Parker Deacon at Large.
Millions From the Klondike.
G. A. R. Rally at Nevada.
FIFTH PAGE.
T>l<l He Wreck the Maine?
General Lee Gives Evidence.
A BriKht Young An
Epworth Leaeue Convention.
SIXTH PAGE.
Editorial.
Getting in Line.
The Law No Lemper Mocked.
Civil Service Commission.
Needs Medical Attention.
The State University.
Invasion of Manchuria.
Stories From the Corridors.
Features of Sunday Call.
Answers to Correspondents.
BEVENTH PAGE.
New» From Arrnps th« Bay.
EIGHTH PAGE.
Racing at Emeryville.
NINTH PAGE.
BlrthF. Mnrriaßep arvl Deaths.
TENTH PAGE.
The Cervantes Inquest.
Movements at the Presidio.
Murder of a Chinese.
ELEVENTH PAGE.
An Artiste's Return to th<- stage.
News Aii-'iiß <h>' Water Front.
News From the Ball Fields.
Kntertajnment at the. Alrnshouse,
TWELFTH PAGE.
The New Charter.
NINKTKENTH PAGE.
The Commercial World.
TWENTIETH PAQE.
Burglars With Aesthetic Taste.
Clever Boy Rob a Woman.
An Important Arrest.
Heggerty's Saloon Burned.
SAN FRANCISCO, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898 - TWENTY PAGES.
lines on its front page, announces:
"Infamy Disclosed at Last —
Shame on the Cuban Volunteers,"
and says: "As the Government
imposed silence upon us, we will
speak in the dumb language."
Accordingly, the first page of
the Pais contains hand signs read
ing: "Death to traitors."
In its leading article the Pais
asks whether the Government is
"preparing another farce by the
warlike attitude of the council last
night."
Continuing, the Pais charges
the Government with having ar
ranged the "armistice" with the
powers "prior to the United
States demanding it, the powers
promising in return the safety of
the throne, should the loss of Cuba
lead to a national uprising."
The Pais alsoexpresses the opin
ion that last night's bold attitude
of the Government was only a
"bluff" to deceive the people.
Later the Pais remarks: "The
message completes Spain's shame
and unless it is resented by the
Ministers the Americans, being
cowards, will bully in the propor
tion to which their opponent hu
miliates himself. But McKinley
is mistaken in thinking that he
knows Spain because he knows
her Ministers and the error will
cost him dear."
A dispatch from Havana to the
Pais says the Cuban volunteers
intend protesting against the armis
tice and accuses President McKin
ley of being in league with the
"separatist Junta," and adding,
"while facts have been discovered
against Lee in connection with the
Maine explosion which the Span
ish Government is afraid to pub
lish."
The Correo Espanol says: "Gen
eral Woodford ought to have re
ceived his passports on the receipt
of McKinley's message, but the
cowardly Government only dares
to use force against patriots crying
"Viva Espana."
The Liberal to-day says: "War
is inevitable, the last peaceful il
lusion disappearing before the'de
cision announced yesterday by the
Senate committee attributing to
Spain the Maine explosion, recog
nizing Cuban independence and
announcing that armed interven
tion will shortly take place."
Thereupon the! Liberal warns
Spain of the danger of delay and
•' further confidence in America,"
lest Spain "lose by a coup de
main, without a fight, honor which
she can well defend."
The Liberal then openly accuses
President McKinley of seeking an
nexation under the noses of the
powers in a manner similar to the
British occupation of Egypt.
Finally the Liberal says: "Dip
lomatic circles admit that Ameri
can bad faith puts Spain in a fav
orable position in the eyes of
Europe, but it is doubtful if the
powers will intervene, owing to
England's ambiguous attitude,"
THE PUERTA DEL SOL, MADRID, the Scene of the Great Gathering and Riotous Demonstration;
, of Monday Night.
THE PRESIDENT
STRONGLY OPPOSED
TO RECOGNITION
Announces Definitely That He Will
Veto a Joint Resolution Com
ing to Him in That Form.
WASHINGTON, April 14.—
President McKinley told Sen
ators Hale and Allison to-day,
in emphatic language, that if
Congress passed a joint reso
lution recognizing the inde
pendence of the Cuban re
public he would veto it; and
if it passed a concurrent res
olution to the same effect he
would simply ignore it.
NEW YORK. April 14.— The Her-
ald's Washington correspondent tele
graphs: With politics entering into
the Cuban situation in Con
gress, with a sudden call in
Spain for a special session of the Cortes,
and another effort being made by the
powers in the direction of mediation,
the Hispano-American question is still
in an aggravated and somewhat uncer
tain state.
There is no peace in sight any
where, but there are signs of a few
more days' delay before the American
Congress takes the final war plunge.
All indications to-night point to ac
tion of some kind by the Senate before
the final adjournment is reached to
morrow. The advocate^ of the recogni
tion of the independence of the republic
of Cuba, coupled with forcible interven
tion, made great progress to-day. In
fact it developed to-day that a. majority
of the Senate is in favor of recognizing
the independence of Cuba. Whether
this majority will exist when the final
vote is taken to-morrow cannot be defi
nitely foreshadowed, as the situation is
changing every hour.
The visit of Mr. Bry?.n. former Dem
ocratic nominee for President, to the
Capitol to-day was not without its poli
tical significance in connection with the
situation. Mr. Bryan is not only an ad
vocate of the recognition of indepen
dence from personal convictions, but
also because he believes that it is the
proper political step to take. He was in
conference with leading Democratic
Senators to-day, urging them to present
a solid front in favor of recognition,
holding that two points would thereby
be gained.
It it is defeated the Democrats wil!
have gone on record in favor of recog
nition, which is believed to be a popu
lar step; and, if it is not done, the
Democrats will get the credit of the ac
tion. Besides, the President will either
NOT SOLD TO SPAIN.
ROME, Ap:.l 14.— The Messa
gero annoi ces: All negotia
tions for the £ale of the Italian
cruiser Garibaldi to Spain have
been suspended on account of the
international regard due to pow
ers about to become belligerents.
have to veto the proposition or accept
it in the face of his argument in his mes
sage.
However this may be, there is no
doubt thnt many Democratic Senators
believe their position in favor of recog
nition puts them in excellent shape be
fore the country, while Senator Allen of
Nebraska said yesterday that if the Re
publicans don't recognize the indepen
dence of Cuba there would not be a
handful of Republican voters next
fall.
The desire to make political capital
out of the Republican embarrassment
was also shown in the Senate this even
ing, when Senator Allen said that if the
Senate were to be allowed to adjourn
the country should know that it was fa
vored and accomplished by Republican
votes.
In the event of the Senate passing
the Foraker or any other resolutions
embodying a provision recognizing
the independence of Cuba, there is
every likelihood that such a measure
would prevail in the House, where
the sentiment in favor of indepen
dence is quite as strong as in the
Senate.
From the way the President talked to
some of his Congressional callers to
day the indications are that he would
veto such a resolution if it were pre
sented to him. Indeed, he would be con
strained to do so to be consistent with
the strong position which he has pub
licly taken against recognizing the gov
ernment, which, he declares, does not
cxi?t.
With Congress and the President thus
divided, the Cuban question would be as
far off from settlement as ever, while
the political complications would be of
the most serious character.
All the Bepublican leaders are
laboring hard to-night to keep the
party in line against the independ
ence feature.
Some of the shrewdest men of the
party admit that the vote, when taken,
will leave a very narrow rrargin for the
resolution of the Committee on Foreign
SPAIN PREPARES
TO DESTROY THE
FLYING SQUADRON
That Is Believed to Be the Purpose
in Massing the Torpedo Fleet
at Cape Verde Islands.
Copyrighted, 1898, by James Gordon Bennett.
ST. VINCENTS, Cape Verde Islands, April 14. — Three more war
ships of the Spanish navy, including the cruisers Cristobal Colon and
the Infanta Maria Teresa, arrived this morning, accompanied by the sec
ond torpedo flotilla which recently left Spain. This flotilla is composed of
torpedo boats and torpedo boat destroyers.
The boats of the first torpedo flotilla, which has been in port for
some time, have been painted with black lead by order of the com
mander, Senor Villami.
The ships are keeping ready for sea, and forty tons of coal were
placed on board the transport and smaller boats.
The Spanish authorities are trying to secure enough coal to coal
the second flotilla and convoys. They are trying to engage several
hundred tons to be delivered immediately.
NEW YORK, April 14. — A Washington special dispatch to
the Herald says: More formidable than the first Spanish
torpedo flotilla is the second. It is composed of three
torpedo boat destroyers — the Destructor, of 386 tons displacement;
the Osada and Proserpina, each of 400 tons, and the torpedo boats
Halcon of 108 tons, Orion of eighty-five tons, Retamosa of seventy
tons, Barcelo of sixty-six tons, and Habana of fifty-nine tons. The
destroyers are of modern English construction. The torpedo boats
have been in service for the last twelve years, but they are still in,
good condition.
It is expected that the Audaz, a sister ship of the Osada, will leave
Queenstown when her repairs are finished, for the Cape Verde Islands
via Spain, and her presence will add materially to the strength of thia
flotilla.
Keports received by the Navy Department indicate that the con
verted yacht Giralde may have accompanied the second torpedo boat
flotilla as a supply ship, just as the Ciudad de Cadiz sailed with the
first torpedo boat flotilla. It is believed in naval circles that the ships
now at the Cape Verde Islands will wait for the Vizcaya and Oquendo
before proceeding to any other point.
It was suggested to-day that the mobilization of such a strong
force at the Cape Verde Islands was due to Spain's desire to form a
squadron sufficiently strong to overpower the flying squadron of the
American navy, which the Madrid Government appreciates is intended
for service on her side of the Atlantic.
It is something of a puzzle to the officials, the ability of Spain
to secure funds with which to purchase ships, but it is supposed that
her cash has been obtained from the rich men of the country, who ara
reported to have liberally contributed money for the purpose of strength
ening the Spanish navy.
Mr. Woodford informed the State Department that Spain had ne
gotiated no new loans, but it is expected that one will be authorized
immediately after the meeting of the Cortes next week.
Relations. Considerable interest is man
ifested as to the manner in which simi
lar action by both houses can be se
cured. The solution of the problem is
very easy. When the proper time ar
rives in the Senate Mr. Davis will have
to move to strike out all after the enact
ing clause of the House resolution and
amend by inserting the Senate declara
tion. This having been done, the reso
lution will be sent back to the House in
its amended form, and the question in
the latter body will then be whether it
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
will concur or non-concur in the amend
ment.
If the House decides to end the matt*
quickly and Speaker Reed will allow |
motion to be made, the motion to coa
cur in the Senate amendr-ent could h
offered and adopted, after which the*
would be no further ;.ction necessau
before the resolution went to the Presi
dent.
This would avoid the delay of confej
ence, a delay which the conservative
would gladly welcome2
DE BERNABE
PREPARING TO
RETURN HOME
The SpaQish Minister Stops At
tending Social functions and
Awaits Recall to Madrid.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The Spanish Minister, Senor Pol" de
c, has mad-: linal preparations for his departure from Wash
ington, but no actual step in that direction will be taken until spe
c iii. instructions are received from Madrid. Up to the present time
there have been no such instructions and no intimations that they
were about to come, but the preparations for removal have been com-
In view of the condition of affairs.
The official archives, which constitute the most important posses
sion of the Spanish legation, have been sealed in readiness to be placed
in charge of the French Embassador at Washington, M. Cambon. They
(ill a dozen or more large cases, each protected by a heavy wire
screened door. The transfer of these documents has not been ordered
from Madrid, nor has the foreign office at Paris instructed M. Cambon
ive the archives and act temporarily in behalf of the Spanish
Government. At the same time a call by the French Embassador to
the Spanish legation, and a return call by Senor Polo de Eernabe to
the French Embassy, brought about an understanding as to what steps
would be taken in the event of the retirement of the Minister.
Until to-day the Spanish Minister has continued to accept the so
cial courtesies extended to him, these being numerous and including
the hospitality of Cabinet officers and others high in the Government
service. In view, however, of the reports of the Foreign Committee In
Congress and of the grave trend of affairs, he has decided not to ac
cept further courtesies of this character, as it necessarily involves his
coining into close personal relations with public men who may have
participated in the severe, and, in his judgment, unwarranted denuncia
tion of Spain in official reports.
It is the feeling in diplomatic circles that under ordinary circum
stances the action in Congress — the report of the two Foreign commit
tees, the passage ol resolutions by the House, and the character of the
debate — would make it incumbent on Spanish Minister to leave
without further waiting eventualities, which are now regarded as un
avoidable. But against this it is known that the Spanish Government
will not either by the withdrawal of the Minister or by any other con
spicuous step, place itself In a position of having invited a recourse
to war. On the contrary, the entire policy at Madrid, It is stated,
is to remain passive until the United States not only makes the ten
der of war, but executes it by unmistakable overt acts. It has fur
ther been developed as the unmistakable policy of Spain that she will
resist armed intervention In Cuba as an attack upon her sovereignty.
The House resolutions now He upon
the table in the Senate awaiting the dis
tion outlined. There is no likeli
hood of their adoption by the Senate.
They will be supported by comparatively
few votes.
Whether the House will accept the
Senate resolutions in the manner de
scribed is a question not definitely
settled, but there was nsiderable dis
cussion among members to-day and a
willingness expressed to accept the
Senate resolution.
The Senate adjourned soon after 6
o'clock this evening to attend Senator
MorriU's birthday party. The resolu
tions declaring for intervention in Cuba
upon which the momentous issue of war
depends were left hanging in the air.
No agreement of any kind as to the
time for taking a vote was reached. No
tice was given by Senator Davis, chair
man of the Committee on Foreign Re
lations, that the session which begins at
io o'clock to-morrow shall be con
tinuous until a vote is taken.
Under ordinary circumstances it
would be easy to predict that a vote will
be reached at a late hour to-morrow
night, and even now there is a stron^
hi'ity that this may be the result.
At the same time it must not be
forgotten that half a dozen Senators
are determined to delay final action
.to the last moment, and Senator
Wellington of Maryland, whose pro-
Spanish views are extreme, loudly,
and even frantically, exclaimed in
the Senate just before adjournment
to-night that no vote should be taken
at any time with his consent.
It is probable that when the list of
speakers, which is quite long, has been
exhausted, the vote will be taken, and
that no Senator will undertake the re
sponsibility of beginning filibustering
tactics. There are now more than
twenty Senators scheduled for speeches.
Including Senators Cullom, Daniel.
Frye, Tillman, Wolcott, Spoor.er, Chil
ton, Platt of Connecticut, Cannon, Pet
tigrew, Proctor. Burrows. Bacon. Wel
lington, Stewart, CafTery, Hawley,
White and Rawlins.
. Some of the Senators, however, will
be content with ten minutes' talk,
merely for the purpose of defining their
position, and fully half of them will
forego the pleasure of hearing their
voices, if by this self-denial the vote can
be sooner reached.
At a late hour to-morrow night,
therefore, if the present tacit under
standing be not disarranged, the vote
will be taken. If it is delayed it will
be because the statement from Spain
that the Cortes have been summoned to
meet in extra session next Wednesday
offers to the conservatives another hope
of possible action on the part of Spain
in the direction of further propositions.
Rumors were current to-day of nego
tiations between Gomez and the Span
ish Government for the purchase of the
island, and the conservatives are unani
mously of the opinion that if the Cubans
and the Spanish can come to an agree
ment the administration will be able to
settle the Maine matter on the basis of
arbitration, as suggested by Spain, and
thus all cause of friction will be re
moved. There is no doubt that every
effort will be made by the conservatives
to-morrow to prevent a vote. They suc
ceeded to-day in preventing an agree
ment, and they may be equally success
ful to-morrow.
When the vote is finally taken,
however, it will result in the adop
tion of the Senate resolutions un
changed. This is the present out
look.
Drills of the Naval Reserves.
SANTA CRUZ, April 14.— The Naval
Reserves in response to orders to drill
twice :i week will drill on Mondays and
Thursdays. There will be no more
land drills. In response to orders to
recruit the company a number of young
men are enlisting and joining the ranks
of the local company.
Lands Leased for Grazing.
WOOD!. AN I>. April 14.— General Clunle
and Judge Bridßeford of San Francisco
to-day leased 8080 iicres of tule land Just
above Knights Landing, on the Sinter
eido of the river. It will be used for
grazing sheep. The water is ffolnj oft
ar*i the pasture promises to be fine.
THE FRENCH
ARE EXCITED
Sympathy of Press and
People Is Clearly With
the Spanish.
It Is Believed, Nevertheless,
That the Government Will
Remain Neutral.
Americans in Paris Point Out That
Americana Have No Need, to Get
Angry at This Time.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PARIS, April 14— The feeling here of
both the press and the public is very
strong against the United States; es
pecially since President McKinley's
message. Mr. McKinley is compared
to I'ontius Pilate and the American
Congress is accused of a buecaneenn:.:
spirit which it is feared will extend to
the possessions r>t other nations as well
as those of Spain.
There is feverish activity at the Gov- j
eminent dockyards in completing yes- |
sels and rearming old ones.
Frenchmen are quite indignant at
the suggestion that the United States j
will possibly decline orivateering. and I
the powers in consequence may force !
Spain also to renounce the privilege. II j
is believed that the Government will, \
however, preserve a strict neutrality. I
American residents in Paris are in- j
tensely excited. The idea of war is not j
very popular among them, but the bet
ting is very brisk at all the American
resorts. Mr. Henry Vignaud, secretary !
of the United States Embassy, in the |
course of an interview, is reported as ;
saying that he considers war inevita
ble, although America desires peace !
and does not desire to annex Cuba. !
The hour has struck, he believes, for
.the severance of Cuba from Spain.
"France has no need to appear shock
ed," said Mr. Vignaud, '"at the sup
posed motives of the United States.
They are the same that prompted her
to assist the American colonies in the \
war of Independence, yet the position
of America as a British colony was
far superior to that of downtrodden
Cuba."
MADRID, April 15.— (Via Paris).—
The groups forming the majority in
Parliament will meet next Tuesday. !
Senor Sagasta will confer to-morrow
with the leaders of the minority, ex
plain to them the reasons for hasten
ing the assembling and arrange with
them to constitute the new chamber as j
rapidly as possible in the hope of be
ing able to begin public business by
Saturday, the 23d.
The Washington correspondent of El [
Imparcial declares that the United
States is "sending troops to the fron
tier of Mexico for protection against a
volunteer guerrilla invasion."
DID JAPAN *RM THE
PHILIPPINE INSURGENTS.
Facts Connected With the Last Up
rising Puzzle the Spanish
Authorities.
MADRID (via Bayonne), April 14.— A |
letter just received here from the Phil- |
ippine Islands says that all the troops j
which wore embarking for Spain at ''
the time the communication was mailed
were marched hurriedly to various |
towns in the interior, where the re- !
belllon against Spanish rule has been j
renewed. It is added that over 2000
well-armed men are now in the field.
There have been several engagements
and a number of Spanish priests have
been massacred. Nobody -appears to
know how the Philippine insurgents,
who had been disarmed, according to
general report, were rearmed, but the
belief prevails that Japan had a hand
in the matter.
The captain-general of the Philippine i
Islands, it is further alleged, has been
concealing the facts in the case from
the Government.
To Get Half Pay While Away.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The Ameri
can Express Company has notified such
of its employes as are members of the
National Guard and the Naval Re
serves of the several States, that if
called upon in case of war with Spain,
they will be allowed half pay during
Buch service and upon their return to
duty with the company will be given
their former pay and positions.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FKIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
NOT PRETTY,
BUT HUMAN
English Comment on the
Scene in the House
on Wednesday.
On the Whole John Bull Ap
proves of the United
States.
Does Not Like tha American Method
of Making a Declaration
of War.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, April 14.— The afternoon
papers to-day print long comments on
"the evil of leaving the issue of peace
or war in the hands of Congress." Not
one of the papers, however, questions j
the duty of the United States to inter- |
vene in Cuba, but tht-y are disposed to |
criticize the methods proposed.
The Westminster Gazette says: "The ■
scene in the House and the Senate's in- j
suiting report in regardito the Maine |
are hardly edifying, but they are the [
inevitable result of the peculiar pro- \
visions of the constitution which dis
arms the executive and compel the last
steps in a most perilous crisis to be
taken In blazing publicity. It is im
possible not to sympathize with the in
dignation of the Americans and the !
solemn lectures which some of the |
British newspapers are administering j
to America are ridiculous. Still, there ;
is a feeling that the two countries are
marching to an unavoidable calamity." |
The Pall Mall Gazette expresses the I
opinion that the resolutions of the >
House of Representatives were "the
logical and practical corollary of the
message," adding: "The scene in the !
House was not pretty, but it was quite j
human. On the eve of war it is natural i
that people should be excited."
.Referring to the comments of the
Times on the situation the Pall Mall |
Gazette says: "The committee was ]
not meaning peace, nor is President I
McKinley. He has done all he could to ]
that end and in a way which should !
Becure his fame, but ho knows where j
statesmanlike moderation and tact be- ;
come weakness."
The other afternoon papers have but
little patience with the sermon of the i
Times. They freely acknowledge that j
the Americans have shown "extreme I
patience under the most terrible provo
cation," eulogize the crusad* against |
Spanish cruelty and refer to the news
papers which criticize the United States j
a-s being the same "who supported the
Turks against Armenia and the slave
owners against the slaves."
The morning papers are filled with
dispatches frf>m the continent, nearly '
all of the same tenor. The belief that
war is Inevitable is universal as well
as the feeling of hostility to the United
States. The papers also contain numer
ous articles speculating upon the effect '
of war upon securities, the markets
and other Interests.
The Times says editorially: "Spain's j
note to the powers can have no effort ''■
excepj perhaps to delay the issue. The
powers will certainly not intervene, j
while if they did neither the United j
States nor Spain would listen. It is
doubtful whether, even If President
McKinley regained his authority over
the situation, he could stem the j
tide of popular sentiment in America
for war."
The Daily rhronicl<\ from what it
calls a well-known correspondent sign
ing himself "Anglo-Saxon." prints a
remarkable letter advocating an An- j
glo-American alliance to compel the
liberation of Cuba without war by an I
overwhelming display of force.
Commenting on this letter the Daily
Chronicle thinks it "an opportune mo
ment to seek to bring about such an
alliance or entente, especially in view
of the common interests of the United j
States and Great Britain in China."
The Morning Post advises Spain to
act promptly, "as every day's delay in
creases the probability that the force
against her will be stronger than it is I
ri"\w" Commenting upon the disturb
ance of the balance of power from
America's annexation of r*uba, the
Post says: "Our children will probably
! ■■ gret the policy of isolation England
has pursued, which has left Europe di
vided and made all the European pow
ers passive onlookers at a process
which is agreeable to none of them."
The Daily Graphic, referring to
Senator Hoar's statement that Presi
dent McKinley still believes in the pos
sibility of peace, says: "The United
States is pledged to the bag-and-bag
gage policy and its only chance of j
averting war is by climbing down."
The Daily News, commenting upon a
dispatch from its Washington corre
spondent, who continues hopeful o-f
peace and asserts that it is believed at
Washington that President McKinley
is acting upon a "plan agreed upon by
the six European powers," says: "De
spite the optimistic views of our cor
respondent we fear that the chances of
peace are slender."
SAGASTA SAYS
SPAIN IS CAUTIOUS.
Madrid Government Absolutely Re
solved Not to Provoke Hostilities
With Uncle Sam.
LONDON, April 15.— The Madrid cor-
I respondent of the Daily Mail, tele
graphing at 5 o'clock Thursday after
noon, says:
"I have Just had a conversation with
Senor Sagasta, who assured me that
the Government was absolutely re
solved not to provoke hostilities with
America. He added: 'I should be ex
tremely sorry were the country to lose
its present self-possession because of
the incessant menaces addressed to us
by the United States. We are striving
with all our might to repress the na
tional excitement. While others are
! carrying on agitation with as much
| cleverness as Don Carlos has displayed
!in his recent manifesto, I hope the
! policy and action of the Government
! will inspire confidence in the country.
j Just as we are careful now of giving
I any cause of offense to the Ufflted
i States, so will we, if necessary, display
. all possible energy to defend the honor
and interests of Spain.' "
— ♦ —
Negotiating for Torpedo Catchers
BERLIN, April 15.— According to ad
vices from Kiel the United States is
negotiating for the purchase of the tor
pedo-catchers Timburi and Tupy, now
j being built at the German yards for
Brazil, which offers more ships for
sale. Holland also is inclined to sell
two armored cruisers. The Timburi
and Tupy are among the fastest vessels
in the world, capable of twenty-three
kno:ts an hour.
It is said here that all the American
officers on furlough in Europe have
been ordered home forthwith. Owing
to the millions of Germans in America
the excitement in Berlin is intense.
Nearly all the papers refer in strong
language to President McKinley's mes
sage and the public is strongly against
the United States.
THE POWERS
INDIFFERENT
France and Austria Want
to Move to Save the
Spanish.
Doubtful Whether Germany
and Russia Will Join in
the Action.
Unless All of Them Unite in the
Step the Effort Will Be
Wasted.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Itiggs House,
Washington, April 14.
It was learned to-night in high diplo
matic quarters that an exchange of
notes had been begun between the Eu
ropean capitals with a view of making
strong representations on the Spanish-
American situation. In the same con
nection, an informal meeting of the i
Embassadors and Ministers in the city
of the six great powers of Europe was
held late in the day. Several of the
foreign establishments received cable
advices from their Governments to
night as to the opening of the exchange
of notes. This had been anticipated,
in view of the prevailing sentiment in
all the foreign quarters here that the
action thus far taken in Congress made
war inevitable. This common opinion
had been officially reported to the seve
ral European capitals and it was doubt
less instrumental in starting the active
exchange between the great powers to
day. The same exchange occurred a
week ago as a preliminary to the Joint
note of the great powers presented to
President McKinley, mildly urging a
peaceful settlement with Spain. It is
understood, however, that the present
movement is not of the .same mild char
acter as the former one.
Simultaneous with the opening of the
exchange, word came from Madrid that
the Spanish Government was about to
issue another appeal to the great pow
ers of Europe. It is understood that
this appeal is an initiatory to the con
certed action of the powers, and there
is an apparent agreement in advance
that the appeal will receive favorable
consideration.
It is said that the Spanish appeal will
recite her grievances against the United
States, stating In detail the many con
cessions she has made, and pointing
out that it was in response to the urg
ent representation of the powers that
the last concession of an armistice was
granted.
If the powers determine to act their
influence will be particularly directed
toward inducing the United States to j
grant Spain sufficient time within
which to try the armistice recently pro- j
claimed.
During the recent joint action of the
powers their main influence was ex
erted at Madrid, the only action at |
Washington being the courteous ex- j
pression of hope for peace, but the
present movement contemplates that
the influence shall be exerted at Wash
ington rather than at Madrid, and it is
the common Relief in diplomatic quar
ters that the' Madrid authorities have
reached the limit of concessions, and
should now be given adequate time to
try what they and the powers have
offered as a means of restoring peace '•
in Cuba. There is no suggestion, how
ihat this influence at present will
!>■ of material character, but it is ex
pected to be an assertion of all the i
m iral influence Of the powers in check-
Ing tendencies which, it is believed, in- j
evitably will lead to war. Up to a late
hour to-night word had not been re
ceived at the various foreign establish
ments that any common basis of joint
action had been reached, although it
was the general impression that there
would be little difficulty in arriving at
this common ground, in view at the
prevailing sentiment abroad. It is not
so certain, however, that all of the
powers are ready for the step of this
character. Germany has of late shown
a disposition to avoid exerting strong
influences on the United States. Rus
sia is also thought to be somewhat in
different. France and Austria are most
active in the present movement, as
they were in the former one. Whether
all six great powers are ready to join
in the movement is in doubt, and
without this united action it is felt
that the force of such influence would
be lost.
THESE ARE STRICTLY
WAR MEASURES.
—
Care of Coast Defenses Provided For,
and a Bill for Four Hundred
Thousand Volunteers.
NEW FORK, April 14.— A Washing- j
ton special to the Herald says: Gen
eral orders were issued to-day by Sec
retary Alger to place the care of coast <
defenses and the direction of all unfln- j
ished work at fortifications within !
their respective departments, under the <
direction and command of Major-Gen- j
era! Wesley Merritt, commanding the '
Department of the East; Brigadier- ]
General William R. Shafter, command- j
ing the Department of California, and
Brigadier-General William M. Graham, ;
commanding the Department of the i
Gulf.
This is directly a war measure. Ac- ,
companying the orders to general offi
cers explicit instructions were sent for ;
work to be hastened at all points as
rapidly as possible.
It i& stated upon high authority at
I the War Department that orders to ;
! concentrate troops and National ;
i Guards, previously designated in the
Herald, probably will be Issued before
the end of the week. It was also said
at the department that it is probable
that not less than 100,000 men will com
j prise the first call for troops. In order
I to empower the President to enlist vol
j unteers for service for outside the
I United States, Representative Handy
i of Delaware is expected to introduce in
i the House to-morrow a bill authorizing
I the acceptance of 400,000 volunteers.
This does not mean that 400,000 volun
teers are to immediately be called for,
but fixes that number as the limit
which may be called into service upon
emergency.
China Declines to Sell.
LONDON, April 15.— The Shanghai
correspondent of the Times says: China
I has declined to sell to the United States
three cruisers that are being built for
her in Germany, although the Ameri
can agents offered to replace them with
I four vessels.
Has No Ships for Sale.
LONDON, April 15.— A dispatch to
the Dispatch from Rotterdam says:
Spain approached the Holland-Ameri
can line, which replied that it had no
ships for sale.
■■ ♦ ■
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All drug
gists refund the money if it falls to cure. 25c.
The genuine has L. U. Q. on each tablet
SPANIARDS IN
CHILE PLOTTED
TO BLOW IT UP
Why the Guoboat Marietta Was So
Well Protected by the Valpa
raiso Authorities.
Copyrighted, 1808, by James Gordon Bennett.
VALPARAISO, Chile, April 14—1 am Informed on authority which
cannot be disputed, but which I am not at liberty to give, that there
was a plot to injure the United States gunboat Marietta while she
was In this port. Just prior to the arrival of the Marietta the
United States consulat; In Valparaiso was informec by trustworthy
persons that an attempt against the gunboat was contemplated by
Spanish subjects in Chile.
Immediately upon receipt of this information United States Minis
ter Henry L. Wilson, Consul John F. Caples and Vice-Consul August
Moller Jr. called upon the Governor of the province and laid the matter
before him. This explains the unexpected trip of the United States
Minister from Santiago to Valparaiso. Once acquainted with the fears
of the American representatives and the facts in the case the Gover
nor immediately gave assurance that the city and maritime authorities
would take precautions to protect the Marietta and extended the Min
ister a cordial welcome to officers and seamen. During the stay of the
Marietta no greater vigilance could have been exercised by the Chil
ean authorities had the safety of one of her own warships been de
pendent upon them. Before the gunboat sailed the American Minister,
the Consul and Vice-Consul, accompanied by Captain Svmonds of the
Marietta, called upon the Governor, and on behalf of the United States
Government thanked the Chilean authorities for what had been done
to protect the warship.
THE PLANS TO
INVADE CUBA
Two American Armies
Will Be Landed on
the Island.
One in the West Will at Once
Lay Siege to the City of
Havana.
The Other in the East Will Join the
Insurgents in the
Field.
Special Dispatch to Th« Call.
NEW YORK, April 14.— A Washing
ton special to the Herald says: Lieu
tenant Colonel A. L. Wagner, chief of
the military information division of the
War Department and member of the
army and navy defense board, was in
consultation for several hours to-day
with the naval war board regarding
plans for intervention In Cuba- Com
prehensive plans for the co-operation
of the army and navy were exhaustive
ly discussed at this conference. The
first step of the administration in car
rying out the wishes of Congress when
they have been expressed by the pas
sage of the resolutions empowering in
tervention of the President to end the
war in C'uha, will be to make a formal
deiiiand upon Spain to withdraw her
forces from Cuba, and leave the in
surgents in undisputed possession of
the island. A copy of the resolution
will accompany these demands.
It is understood that active work of
the army in Cuba, as at present
planned by the joint board of the army
and navy, contemplates sending troops
to Cuba in two grand divisions. One
of these divisions will land in the neigh
borhood of Havana on the side of the
city where the defenses are weakest,
and there will entrench and lay siege
to the city in conjunction with the
naval blockade to be maintained out
side of the harbor.
The other division of the army, it is
understood, will operate in the eastern
end of the island, supporting the insur
gents and supplying them with all ne
cessary arms.
While a few days may be given to
Spain in which to reply to the Presi
dent's demand, orders to concentrate
the available troops of the regular
army in the South, to mobilize the Na
tional Guard and to direct the naval
forces to be in readiness to execute the
campaign plans which have been pre
pared will be issued in advance of her
reply, which, it is believed by the au
thorities, will be made by her warships
rather than by her diplomats.
The insurgents, on account of their
acquaintance with the topography and
existing conditions in the island, will
be relied upon in great measure to di
rect the details and scope of the mili
tary operations. Supported by United
States troops they will advance toward
Havana from the east in an effort to
drive the Spanish army toward that
city. The plan is to ultimately con
solidate the two divisions of the army
around Havana and thus reduce the
city by siege upon all sides. The re
duction of Matanzas forms a part of
the department plans.
The navy will take the initiative in
j the administration plans of interven
tion. The Key West fleet, under Com*
| modore Sampson, will at once sail for
i Havana, and the flying squadron, un
j der Commodore Schley, will make a
dash for Porto Rico. If active inter
j vention is to be made as quickly as th«
i situation now indicates is probable, the
I Spanish naval forces will not have
time to arrive in the Gulf of Mexico to
! render material assistance in defense of
I the Spanish possessions.
WILL BUY AND NOT
CHARTER THE VESSELS.
The Government About Decided to
Purchase the St. Louis and St.
Puul and Man Them.
NEW YORK, April 14.— A Washing
ton special 6« the Herald says: Sec
retary Long will finally determine to
morrow either to charter the American
line steamers St. Louis, St. Paul, Paris
and New York, or to purchase out
right the St. Louis and St. Paul. There
is reason to believe that the charter
proposition has been discussed with
President Griscom of the American line
who was at the Navy Department to
day, but from indications it looks as
though the Government will buy the
St. Louis and St. Paul. There is a
possibility that the department may
determine to direct the formation of a
board of appraisers to purchase the St.
Louis and St. Paul in case there should
be any disagreement as to the price to
be paid for them by the Government.
It has been determined by the Navy
Department to use the Naval Militia
on board merchant ships, but it can be
stated authoritatively that such organ
izations will be impressed into service
as battalions, that is, they will not be
separated and distributed among sev
eral vessels.
TROOPS GOING
TO THE FRONT
Twenty-Fifth Infantry at
Chattanooga En Route
to Key West
Not a Man in the Ranks But
Is Chock Full of
Fight,
All tha People of the South Ars
Struck With tho War
Enthusiasm.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
CHATTANOOGA, Term., April 14.—
The Twenty-fifth Infantry arrived here
this afternoon and, with the exception
of two companies, which left for Key !
West in the early part of the even- !
ing, it is quartered in the cars until to- j
morrow morning, when they will go
into camp at Chickamauga Park.
The detachment which left for Key
West will reach there some time to
morrow night.
The nearer to Key West the regiment
gets the more full of fight do the sol
diers become. A restaurant man said
to a group of them: "I don't see what !
they are sending you fellows to Cuba j
for; you can't fight," whereupon he i
was promptly knocked down and out.
The warm reception given the regi
ment late yesterday afternoon was re
peated at Nashville this morning, and
at every place along the line, especially
by the colored people. Fully 2000 peo
ple were crowded into the depot at
Chattanooga to welcome them and
cheer after cheer was given.
NASHVILLE, Term., April 14.— 1f
any doubt existed regarding the pat
riotism and warlike feeling of the resi
dents of Illinois, Indiana and Tennes
see, along the Chicago and Eastern Illi
nois Railroad, it would have been swept
away by the reception given the
Twenty-fifth Infantry as it passed
along. At every town, on every street
crossing and on the depot platforms
men waved their arms in frantic token
of approval and in most instances sec
onded their gestures by yells. In the
larger towns, where the train stopped
for a few moments, the crowd piled so
closely in upon the cars that it was im
possible for the soldiers to leave the
train at all.
"I was among those who answered
the first call in 1861," said the com
manding officer. Colonel Andrew Burt,
to-day, "and these scenes along the
way are very similar to those that
greeted us as we went to the front
thirty-seven years ago."
At one small station where the train
stopped for water the Colonel said to
the men on the platform:
"Are you going to follow us, boys, if
war comes?"
"We are coming right after you,"
shouted several, and Colonel Burt
climbed back into the train with the
remark:
"I guess those follows are all right."
The men of the Twenty-fifth are full
of fight and it was shown in good style
last night as the train left Terra Haute.
A youn- fellow on the platform shouted
in joke: "Hurrah for Spain!" and in
stantly there was a break by several
soldiers to reach him. They were held
back by the non-commissioned officers,
who explained that it was r.eant as a
joke.
"That don't matter," was the reply
"Let nobody tell us 'Hurrah for
Spain!' "
NAVAL NEWS IS
NOW KEPT SECRET.
While Uncle Sam Is Buying and
Arming Vessels Their Movements
Will Not Be Made Public.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— The most
pronounced development In the Navy
Department to-dry was the issuance of
an order prohibiting the giving out of
movements of vessels. Since the be
ginning of the present crisis the de
partment has been gradually closing in
th ? lines of information and to-day the
official order went out that the custom
of posting ship movements should j
cease. . It was explained that in view ;
of existing conditions this was deemed
necessary, and hereafter no movements
whatever will be made public.
One more auxiliary cruiser was pur- i
chased to-day, the steamer Venezuela '
of the Red Line. She will immediately
be sent to shipyard for refitting. Secre- •
tary Long stated at the close of office |
hours to-day that the steamship Paris !
and the New York had not yet passed j
into the posses' ion of the department.
It is understood, however, that as soon
as the question of terms can be set
tled these yes >ls will he placed on the
naval list along with the St. Louis and
St. Paul, of the same line. It is also
stated that negotiations are under way
for the purchase of the Holland sub
marine torpedo boat Plunger. The de
partment is now awaiting the report of
the board which was ordered to in
spect this novel craft.
SOME REBELS
HAVE YIELDED
The First Cuban Insur
gents to Accept the
Armistice.
They Camp Near Havana and
Run Up the White
Flag.
Spanish Newspaper Goes Out of Its
Way to Slur Miss Clara
Barton.
Copyrighted. IS9S. by James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA, April 14.— A rebel band,
the first to give sign that it will yield
or accept the terms of the armistice,
is encamped near Cambute, between
Regale and Guanabacoa. It has raised.
a white flag that can be seen by every
[ body who travels on the railroad be-
I tween the two towns.
Regale is a small town opposite Ha-
I vana with which it is connected by a
i ferry. The distance between Regale
: and Guanabacoa is about three miles.
The military trocha runs about two
miles beyond Guanabacoa, which is in
cluded within the fortified limits of
Havana.
It was near Cambute that Colonel
Arangueren, the insurgent leader, held
up a theater train and captured nine
Spanish officers about a year and a half
ago.
Senors Giberga, Dolz and Viondiof the
autonomist Cabinet will leave to-mor
row for Puerto Principe on board a spe
cial steamer to hold conferences with
the rebel Government.
El Diarrio Ejericito, the military
daily organ, says editorially: "Not the
rebels, but the United States are tha
real enemy of Spain. The rebels are
merely the contemptible instrument of
astute discinles c f Monroe and Blaino,
serving the prodigious schemes of Mc-
Kinley. Lee and Senatorial speculators
will make fortunes. Yankee selfishness
is exemplified in the preparing at the
South of negro battalion- to fight in,
Cuba, so that no Yankee can lose his
fur."
El Correo says that Miss Clara Bar
ton president of the Red Cross Society
in the United States, left many debts
behind her. ai.d says: "There is no
body to pay."
New Cruiser at New York.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The cruisers
San Francisco and New Orleans
dropped anchor off Tompkinsville.
Staten Island, shortly after 9 o'clock
to-night. Both hips reported them
selves in good trim. The trip from
Halifax was uneventful.
Mrs. Woodford at Biarritz.
BIARRITZ, April 14.— Mrs. Wood
ford, wife of the United States Min
ister to Spain, arrived here last even
ing at the Grand Hotel, having come
from Paris. ____
Death of John Barrett.
STOCKTON, Cal., April 14.— John Bar
rett, a resident of this city for fifteen
years, died to-night after an Illness last
ing nearly a year. He was a native of
Ireland and came to America as a boy
and to San Francisco twenty-three years
ago. He leaves a widow and four chil
dren, one of whom is John J. Barrett, an
attorney of San Francisco.
Prince Albert at Coronado.
SAN DIEGO. Cal., April 14.— Prince Al
hert, heir apparent to the throne of Bel
glum, and his party are guests at Hotel
del Coronado, having arrived from New
Orleans to-nigrht. He will go to San
Francisco in a few days.
B^ m What you ought to — a
H Man ! If you were that now
■■ your knees would not shake,
H^ your sleep would be sweet
and you would not have
that dread you have to-day
of meeting people. At all
times tired, at all times dull
and full of gloom you are
not a man — you are a child.
What one of nature's func-
tions can you satisfactorily
perform ? Not one. You
cannot even take the rest
she gives you in comfort.
Be a man !
A Word to the wise is suffi-
cient. You can recover
your manhood. You can
look the world fairly in the
eye, and meet all your
friends on an equal footing
if you will take the trouble
to try. Ask what "Hudyan"
has done for weak men like
you ? The reply will be
more convincing than you
dream of. 20,000 people
testify to its power. And
out of that immense num-
ber fully half did not hope
I for the grand help that
"Hudyan" gives.
■ n H || The weak back shows little
HH H p|ij of manhood. But "Hud-
IWI §Jh 111 y an " mal<es wea " backs
|W|jf||V strong. Nervousness shows
■■ ■ ■ ■■ ■ abuse — in some way — of
power. "Hudyan" makes
up for the indiscretion.
Your brain is only capable
t of doing a certain amount
of work, but if you have
overworked it "Hudyan"
will surely replace the vital-
ity which your indiscreet
labors have exhausted. Will
you write and ask for abso-
lutely free circulars and
testimonials telling you
what it has done for others ?
The Hud^ -iian doctors alone can give
you "Hudyau." and they alone can give
you "30-day blood cure," which drives
all blood — whether in the tertiary,
secondary or primary form — out of the
system. Ask for free circulars about
the blood cure, too. If you want any
medical advice, don't be afraid to ask
for it. It will be given you freely and
gladly.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE.
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco, Cal.
DI3TTOUI7G FOR barbers. bak-
JjliU On HO els bootblack*, bathh-
ouses, billiard-tables.
brewers, bookbinders, candy-makers, canners.
dyers, flourmills. foundries, laundries, paper-
hangers, printers, painters, shoe factories.
stablemen, tar-roofers, tanners, tailors, etc.
BUCHANAN BROS..
Brush Manut'avturci Sacramento StSENATORS
WHO TALK
FOR WAR
Yet They Hesitate to Take
Action That Will
Cause It.
So the Resolution Authorizing
the President to Drive the
Spaniards From Cuba Does
Not Reach a Vote.
Call Office, Rtpps House,
Washington, April 14.
Interest In the Cuban question cen
tered to-day at the Senate wing of the
Capitol, where the resolutions reported
yesterday by the Senate Committee on
Fcrreisn Relations were under consid
eration. Tlie most significant event of
the day was an attempt to fix a vote
and the failure to do so on account of
the d<sire of many Senators to debate
the rer.<Mut:"n at considerable length.
It is impossible now to sny when a vote
will be taken, and the utmost the
friends of the resolution hope is to se
cure a vote by the end of the week.
All day long conference? of Senators
were held looking: to a possible agree
ment upon the form of resolution to be
pent to the i
Great efforts were made for the
House resolution, which was known to
■- to the President and
which was supported by the conserva
tive Senators. It is not believed that
the ? : • solution cm pass the Sen
ate, and the prospects are that the
.ittee resolution will have an
amendment recognizing the republic of
Cuba before it is passed, the friends of
recognition claiming a clear majority
for it.
The conservative Senators believe the
House proposition will win in confer
■n being that the
House \\ nil refuse to yield, and in or
nt further delay, the
friends of Cuba in the Senate will ac
cept : on. When the
tte adjourned to-night Senator Da
vis, in charge of the resolution, re
peated his Intention to ask the Senate
tinuously after the beginning
■ i iw, unless an
agreement to fix a time for a vote can
• : other way of
bringing the matter to an issue," he
said. . do not enjoy nfght
than other Senators,
■ • th-- importance of get
ting ;' and "f securing a
ble hour."
as Senator Davis and others
■{ speedy vote, the
indications arc for considerable delay.
The Vice-President already has re
vests from about twenty Sen
"lition to speak, and
others are to make similar ap
ition. AH these insist that they
i peaking for the
: causing delay, but neverthe
will consume many hours of
em now that even in
of a continuous session a vote
. 1 not be probable before Satur
day.
TV. ose who have expressed
tk includes the follow
ing - ' 'ullom, Daniels. Frye,
V ••. Spooner, Chilton,
at, I'annnn, Petti-
B irrows, Bacon, Wel
• -ry, Hawley,
and Rawlins.
n of the House of Reprps^nta
ng it? declara
[ispano-American situation
■ he storm center
\ ■ lerii
away.
Hale of >s< nted a mem
.■>i Civic Club of Brook
lyn c ;.. the necessity, in
3] am, of repealing
porra of th< ■ navigation laws. The
; ent, M said.
r merchani vessels from
Ign flag, while every
in would he under
< >ur ships would, t
n by Spanish priva
ld the question ralsi 5 was
am- c. He said he I b
It would be mortifying and humiliating
to this country for 11
commerce to fly the flag
country than our own. ih' askf-d that
the memorial be referred to the Commit
tee on Commerce, which, h" hoped
I give it thoughtful consideration. '
Penrose Oi! Pennsylvania* presented a
telegram from Philadelphia which read
as follows: "House resolution dishwater
Davis resolution satisfactory. Remember
the Maine."
A message was received from the House
transmitting; to the Senate the Cuban
resolution passed by the House.
By unanimous consent, at the request
of Davis, chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, the resolution yesterday
reported by the Foreign Relations Com
mittee was laid before the Senate.
Turner of Washington began a speech
in which lie sharply criticised the admin
istration for the "vacillating and irreso
lute, cowardly and pusillanimous policy"
pursued by it in the Cuban question. He
eaid that the developments of the past
two weeks had shaken his faith in those
who held the President's ear and confi
dence. Turner declared himself strongly
in favor of the resolution presented by
the minority, of the Committee on For
eign la; ions, and for so doing he need
le" 0 further justification than the mag-
TJliicent state paper which accompanied
the majority report. He declared, how
ever, that the same malevolent influ
ences which had paralyzed the executive
and almost caused the people to revolt
were still at work. If these influences
£ould succeed the whole country would
know the disgraceful story and the na
tion would !>•• ashamed.
Turner maintained that Congress could
rmi«r to the -'^tt g the power
«,"' n ' v flf <he United States is
*ed conscience of thTKuS
try. ' said he, "and it is the only power
which can take the dread step of war "
After vehemently attacking the Pru
dent for- the delays Which had occurred
in the sending of his message to con
grcss. Turner charged that the delay last
week was not due to the request of Gen-
SSLJTja sis fact that Archbishoo
Ireland had cabled the Vatican T in the
hope that the Pope might be a bl e to
bring , about a peaceful solution of the
difilculty. The President was w-aitinc
upon th u,K op a action, taken to secure
Snedr ohlotao hl ota^ meriCan di " i —>' ™
Turner ridiculed the diplomatic nego
tiations of the administration and do
manded to know whether Congress
wanted more of it. He declared that the
Btate Department, even with the support
Ol the Department of Justice, was weak
and unavailing. At the Spanish end of
our diplomatic line we had as Minister a
man whose desire for peace was so
etrong that he refused to obey the plain
instructions of his superiors.
Turner declared, with bitter sarcasm
that, with such diplomatic agents repre
senting the United States, the Madrid
Government might eventually, for a suit
PRESIDENT OF THE CUBAN REPUBLIC AND HIS CABINET.
able Indemnity, absolve this country for |
blocking th«> harbor of Havana with the '■
shattered hull of the Maine. The flashing |
sword of theTnited States must bedrawii I
for Cuban independence, and it should be |
wielded by an arm stronger than ever.
Once uplifted, it should never be lowered
until Spain was driven from the western
hemisphere. He read several telegrams j
from prominent citizens of Washington '
to show the drift of the sentiment in that
State. One from the Governor declared i
that intervention without recognition of j
independence would be utterly unsatis
factory. Another from the colonel of the
First Regiment of the Uniformed Rank,
Knights of Pythias, which had tendered
to the President its services in case of
war. directed him to withdraw the offer.
as it had been made under the impression
that they would be called upon to light
Spaniards, not Cubans.
when the venerable Senator from Mas
sachusetts, Hoar, arose to follow Turner,
there was a visible stir in the audience.
The Senator from Massachusetts said
that be wanted to make a few observa
tions <iuietly. calmly and in the manner
of a court "dealing with the great prob
lems of public welfare and public honor.
He thought it was not th* time for im
passioned rhetoric, loud declamation, the
clapping of hands and the stamping of
feet, but rather it was thp position of ab
solute deliberation that should command
such a scone and such an occasion. H<"
argued that the report of cruelty
and oppression in the island of Cuba un
doubtedly warranted some measures
which would bring peace, but he doubted
the wisdom of rushing headlong into war !
until every other diplomatic effort had
been made to bring about an honorable I
cessation of hostility
Then, with a voice trembling with emo
tion, his head slowly shaking as the j
words came forth, he told how a captain
of a company of Infantry organized In j
the same town in which he was born !
went forth in the morning of the revolu- !
tion to hold the bridge at Concord, and I
siid that he was in the same position
as that oant.iin was. Realizing the tre- i
mendous responsibilities of his high office, i
.light that whatever was done,
should be done with an eye single to the
situation. Then, with hand raised and
amidst profound stillness in the Senate |
chamber he made this significant remark:
"If this country is to do a great act of
international justice, let us do It calmly
and deliberately."
Senator Hoar argued that the attacks
upon the President wore ill advised and !
most ill timed; that instead of condemna
tion of the policy of the executive, the
country and Congress should commend
the President In nis efforts making for
peace, so long as peace could be had with
honor. Thin, after presenting a tribute
to thp President, the Senator said that
the men who suffered by modern wars
were not the men who provoked them, |
and that the men who reaped the benefits !
from wars were a few officers and the I
stock Jobbers. He said that war meant j
th* addition of untold millions to the pub
lic debt of the country, the puing up of
pensions mountain high and would bring
woe and desolation to thousands .of
homes.
"I like and thank the President of the
United Ftates for hi.s sublime self-re
straint in this emergency and for holding
back so far as he could the step toward
war." Hoar said that the name of Mc-
Kinley would be linked with other ac
tions of notable self-restraint which had
characterized the American people in
other momentous hours. "Have we for
gotten." said he, "that the same kind of
objurgation and contumely was hurled at
the head of Washington when he held
back the people from another war with
England?"
'I am old enough," said Hoar, "to re
member some of these tempests of popu
lar excitement in Congress and out of it.
Some of the Senators h'-re remember the
cry of "On to Richmond! On to Rich
mond! and the charges of impotence and
cowardice which were heaped on Abra
ham Lincoln. Some of us on this side
of the chamber wish that we might for
get Bull Run."
He then rapidly reviewed a great many
international cases, with quotations from
national law, to show that the present
government of Cuba would be inimical to
the best interests of the United States
and -would not have the 6upport of civil
ized nations.
"To recognize the insurgents," said
Hoar, "would be to ignore our whole his
tory, and we cannot recognize that inde
pendence without flying in the face of the
whol« history of the world. We need the
sympathy of the civilized world in the
struggle which seems so near to us, and
we can only keep it by recognizing the
law of nations."
He said that he did not belong to the
school of lawyers who believed that if the
United States took Spain by the neck and
heels and threw her out of the island of
Cuba it would make the United States
responsible for any bonds which Spain
might have agreed to pay from revenues
derived from the island.
Hoar said the Cuban insurgents had a
great title to the sympathies of this coun
try. They were struggling for freedom,
they were brave and resolute. The as
piration of Gomez seemed to be toward
the establishment of a black republic in
the West Indies. "And," said Hoar, "I
honor and bless him ior that aspiration."
The insurgents, however, hedid not think
were without fault. Long before Spain
had put into effet . the reconcentrado or
der they had applied the torch and other
wise destroyed everything that stood in
their way. from crops to towns. Hoar
said, however, that the fact that both
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
parties to the wrr In Cuba were respon
sible for the existing horrors did not In
any way detract from our own responsi
bility. He thoughi it the righ f and duty
of the American people to deal with the
difficulties.
"We should not," he said, "begin by
quarreling among oursejvea and slapping
in the face the President of the United
States; nor shouhl we endeavor In the
discussion of this matter to make party
capital."
He pronounced the report of the For
eign Relations Committee a masterly
document, and paid its author (Davis)
a high compliment for the ability ex
hibited in its preparation. He agreed
with the conclusions of the report that
th<^ United States was warranted entirely
by international law in putting an end to
the horrors that existed at our very
doors. He agreed, further, he said, with
the President of the United States, who
had declared that it was impossible for
Spain to maintain a proper and stable
government upon the island. The con
tinuance of the Spanish flag over Cuba
could not longer be tolerated. He held,
therefore, that we must directly and as
soon as possible expel Spain from the
Island. Spain cannot prevent the dis
turbances of the peace and prosperity of
the island. We can and we must. He
liked, however, a resolution which had
been drawn up by Teller of Colorado, and
maintained that In that resolution the
United States was authorized to go as
far as it ought.
Hoar declared his belief that the de
struction of the Maine was a meditated
act, for which Spanish officers were
probably responsible. "With that view,"
said Hoar, "the Spanish Government is
responsible for that loss, and it ought to
be held responsible by the United States."
The resolution to be passed, he said
would lead to war, and war such as the
world has not seen for many years; a war
of no foreign conquest, for no national
gain or personal aggrandizement, but a
war for humanity. Speaking of the de
struction of the Maine, he said that It
was a wretched act on the part of Spain,
which demanded full reparation. In
closing, Hoar said:
"If ther hay« b*«n any hasty
Reproduced jrom the New York Herald.
HERE IS A STORY THAT
IS ABSURD ON ITS FACE.
NEW YORK, April 14.— The Herald's Washington correspondent
telegraphs: "It is the wish of the administration," said one promi
nent member of the administration to me to-day, "and it is believed
to be the desire of the Spanish Government, that this entire Cuban
matter, including the destruction of the Maine, should be settled with
a show of hostilities to satisfy the people of both nations, but, as a
matter of fact, peacefully and in strict accordance with the law of
the nations. If the United States sends her warships to Havana and
takes charge of the Custom-house, this will satisfy Americans that
their honor is safe. If tl European powers then intervene, as they
have done in similar cases, and call upon Spain and the United
States to submit their differences to a court of arbitration, the Span
ish people will be satisfied, because Spain refused to accede to the
demands of the United States and was prevented from war by the
allied po-wers. Spain will rid herself of the troublesome Cuban pro
blem with honor and dignity, Cuba will be free and there will be no
loss of life."
or unwise utterances of impatience in
such a cause as that— and I think
there have been— they have been honest,
brave, human utterances. But when I
enter upon this war I want to enter upon
it with a' united American people. Presi
dent and Senate and House, and navy and
army, and Democrats and Republicans all
joining hands and marching one way. I
want to enter upon it with the sanction
of international law, with the sympathies
Of all humane and liberty-loving nations,
with the approval of our own consciences
and with a certainty of the applauding
judgment of history. 1 confess 1 do not
like to think of t .io genius of America
angry, snarling, shouting, screaming,
clawing with her nails. I prefer to think
of her in her honest and serene beauty,
inspired by sentiments even toward her
enemies not of hate but of love, perhaps
a little pale about the eyes and a little
smile on her lips, but as sure, determined
unerring, invincible as was the Archangel
Michael when he struck down and tram
ped upon the demon of darkness." [Ap
plause on the floor and in the galleries.]
Turpie of Indiana, a member of the
Foreign Relations Committee, was next
recognized. He said that he did not see
how we could intervene with arms in
Cuba without making the recognition of
the Cuban republic paramount to every
other consideration. Try as the Senate
might to surround the question with in
volved propositions, one bald fact re
mained, and that was that the Cuban re
public is the underlying fact in the whole
transaction. He said he looked upon
Cuban nationality as the desideratum
because nationality dealt with debt. He
then discussed the Spanish bond question
very entensively, finding in the Presi
dent's message some suggestions as to the
international obligations, which he con
strued to mean Spanish bonds. He re
cited how Gomez had refused to accept
the offer of the syndicate to purchase
the island of Cuba, or to allow the
United States to guarantee the payment
of any indemnity to Spain for the •with
drawal of the Spanish flag from the isl
and. Speaking of the right to recognize
the present Cuban republic, Senator Tur
pie said:
"We recognized the Government of
Texas when it had only 800 men under
arms and when it had only 30.000 popula
tion. We recognized the Government of
Hawaii twenty-four hours after the flag
had been raised over the capltol building
at Honolulu, but in this case we refuse
to recognize a republic which has back
of it upward of a million people, who
have pledged their lives, their fortunes
and their sacred honor to maintain it."
Gray of Delaware, a mrmbor of the
Committee on Foreign Relations, said he
would not base his support of Cuba in
this crisis upon anything so inexpressibly
low as to who may or who may not hold
! Spanish or Cuban bonds. Politics ended
' at the shore line. We were here as
Americans to support an American
President. While he supported the com
mittee resolution ho favored the resolu
tion offered by Frye, which is also fa
vored by four other members of the com
mittee. The circumstances and close
proximity of Cuba made it necessary to
intervene now to put an end to the ex
isting conditions in that island.
"We have waited until the situation has
become intolerable." said Gray, "and we
can wait no longer. 1 believe the Presi
dent did everything in his power to secure
an honorable peace, but he has now
turned the question over to Congress imd
we must take the momentous steps which
we a;-e about to take. These are the rea
sons which actuate us in taking this dras
tic step. The nations of the world will
applaud our action, but if they should
not, God help them and the civilization
which they represent. Outraged nature
cannot longer stand what we have been
called upon to endure. God would ImM
us responsible if we continued to hold
our peace."
Gray maintained that the recognition of
independence would at this time be im
srover. Gray concluded with a brilliant
tribute to the American manhood which
would rally to the cry of humanity and
outraged womanhood, and, if necessary',
die to preserve the honor and dignity of
the United States.
Davis chairman of the Foreign Rela
tions Committee, In a statement, said he
thought the time had now come for him
I to ask the Senate, owing to the exigen
i cies of the situation, to limit the debate
|in progress. He asked, therefore, unani
mous consent that the debate close at 5
o'clock to-morrow, and at that time a
vote be taken upon the pending resolu-
Objection was made by Daniels of Vir
ginia.  .
Allen of Nebraska said he was ready to
vote now and inquired of Davis if he
were also willing to vote.
"I should be delighted, replied Mr.
Davis, and he then asked unanimous con
i sent that the vote be taken at once.
"I object." shouted White of California.
White explained that he, among others,
desired yet to speak upon the momentous
i issues before the Senate and expressed
! the opinion that haste would be lnad
i visable.
Teller suggested that the debate, from
! now on, be limited to speeches of fifteen
minutes' duration.
"I object," shouted Daniel.
Davis then made the request that a
! vote be taken at 9 o'clock to-morrow
night.
Allison of lowa said that he was agree
able, and suggested that the last four
hours be devoted to speeches not to ex
j ceed fifteen minutes.
Again Daniel objected.
Returning with another proposition,
| Davis asked that a vote be taken to-mor
'■ row before the adjournment of the Sen
ate. To this objection was also made.
To this objection Chandler of New
Hampshire inquired of Davis if it were
I not his Intention to ask for a continuous
| session of the Senate if no agreement to
limit debate could be reached,.
"Undoubtedly it Is," replied Davis.
Caffery said that no good interest could
be subserved by immediate action. There
could be no aid that would be substanti
ally given to the reconcentrados, who
were the worst sufferers by the Cuban
struggle.
"Those poor people," interjected Mor
gan of Alabama, "are dying at the rate
of 1000 a day. while we are inactive "
„* ti, ye Of aine> gaining a recognition
of the President, said: "1 will answer the
Senator from Louisiana (CafTery) and tell
him who the relief contributors are The
pathways from the United States to the
island of Cuba will be made by our ships
of war and following in those pathways
will go the vessels of pence, loaded with
food and provisions for the starving peo
ple of Cuba, which will be distributed
among them for their relief instantly up
on a landing on the island." (Tremendous
applause on the floor and in the galleries )
Fairbanks (R.) of Indiana then took the
floor- and argued at length to show the
necessity of armed intervention.
Upon the conclusion of Fairbanks'
speech Senator Cullom of Illinois was
recognized, and had hardly spoken a do
zen words before interruption came from
several members looking to an adjourn
ment, Senator Wellington moving that
the Senate adjourn until to-morrow at 11
clock. Whereupon Allen of Nebraska
indicated that he wanted to register his
protest to the position of certain Senators
on the floor who, taking advantage of the
situation, desired to repair their fences
in order to allow the resolution to go over
for another day. The House resolution
relative to the Cuban situation was then
reported to the Senate, and, . on motion
of Davis, was laid on the table mouon
The vote was about to be taken on the
motion to adjourn, when Allison called
upon Senator Davis to arrange for an
amicable adjournment if it could he
brought about, but the chairman, seeing
that an adjournment was out of the oues
tlon, asked Wellington to agree to an
amendment to adjourn to a specified time
which the Maryland Senator accented
and a roll call was demanded by Chand-
The motion was voted down 32 to "id
.Carter of Montana attempted to pour
oil on the troubled waters, but as he nro
ceeded he became Interested In the aSesl
tlon of reaching a final vote as early L
ii'.nn'fecS:^" th< ' alk »■»"" «»n"S
Teller-The Senator from Montana is
perfectly correct. Jf the list Is as lon\ al
he states, the talk will last until Sat .>r
day morning. oacur-
Then Carter, In a voice pitched with ex
citement and ringing through the cham
ber, said: "The country requires that we
act and not talk on this matter "fA?,
plause in the Senate and in the galleries i
"As a matter of fact, this small demon
stration In the galleries, contrary to ?h*
rules of the Senate, is but an expression
in a small way of the feeling of tKev
enty millions of people throughout this
continent to-night." "snout this
Within a few minutes of adjournment
a genuine sensation was created in' th»
efforts of the Viee-Prosident to subd^
the applause induced by the effort 3
to prolong the session until a vote cmiM
bo taken Vice-President Hobart dire™ v
addressed the galleries and ordered that
the applause should cease. Nearly every
Senator was on his feet, and the mam
aislo in front of the Vice-Pre S
desk was crowded with Senators
"The chair Is himself out of order »
shouted Gray of Delaware. ,' "He ham«i n«
right directly to address the people in the
galleries." *"° IU me
"Such a thing was never done before in
the Senate," declared Bate of Tenses"
"The applause was started by Senators
on the floor," shouted some one from the
crowd in front of the Vlce-President'l
ticsJc. , * .
"I started It myself." explained Mason
of Illinois, "and am prepared to «s«ii m «
the responsibility for it." bUma
Senator Davis, chairman of the Foreign
Relations Committee, then renewed his
motion to adjourn until 10 o'clock to
morrow, whereupon the ayes and noes
being called, by a vote of 32 to 23, the Sen
ate, at 6:IC p. m., adjourned until 10
o'clock to-morrow morning.
We have scored a
thit on our Ladies'
jT-rtfj) ■ Dude Sailor Straws.
<^j —^ttfW What the milliners
'kS' and exclusive hat-
«ff * 3r ters are getting $3
\V jf for you can own, in
*%3rr*~^ the white straw,
-JiiSL^ I double brim, the
' ™ \ navy, double brim,
v and a pretty shade
of myrtle green, with double brim, for
79c.
Bicycle Suit
Special.
jfos£f?\ O ur Bicycle Suits
jwTgmvX for 18SS represent the
Ml K;A\>^v newest ideas in tail-
£3 \ ¥§&¥>& oring. We think we
\-%^o' : '^-'-7 / y can safely rest at
yrW|H&' that. Some pretty
p*Tr^^«£s ones ln Scotches to-
j£ig=H ':': day, in the hair line
li^pSJi^^ stripe and in some
tp3ffi;ti! pretty plaids, refined,
feGX-r.3 ft, « gentlemanly appear-
cai t @a fflj Ing Bicycle Suits, in-
QE ■" % eluding a Cap.
fw bM JL- These garments
SB waoff wore Intended to be
/i W'T Hold al $6 - T°-dT °- da >'
j^^lh and Saturday the
i- * Jiff suit and cap at
$3.98.
We Carry Shoes for Wheeling,
But only the correct styles.
S^^jPil Vf k-rrTj'^ I iff
JJ**itJk \jl] J
| J?\tra MM
A Soft, Cool,
Summer Shirt Deal.
We stumbled across a manu-
facturer who wanted to unload.
He had too many ; we had too
few. They were the right kind,
else we wouldn't tackle' em. It's
a big lot. We have divided 'em
into* three lines and quote 'em
under lots 1, 2 and 3.
Lot 1.
Some new patterns and new
ideas in particularly reliable
goods— soft, cool and airy — to be
worn with white cuffs and white
collar. You'd never hesitate
paying 65c for a shirt as good
as these. These at
39c.
Lot :2.
Embraces a lot of pretty new
Cheviots. They're swell goods
and prime value at Si, and you
get your pick from the. newest of
fashions. For these
58c.
Lot 3.
Here you revel among a lot of
Madras Cloths— that fashion-
able Madras Cloth, the ideal
summer shirt, with a pair of
cuff of same material ; to be
worn also with white collar.
This is a very swell line. Some
stores are getting as high as
Si 50 for 'em. We tax you for
these,
78c.
Summer Ties.
Somi pretty Ties
to tie yourself,
-^ in ' the finest
/fffßSfttJ&tffa grade of Ma-
fswt BnVBl d ra " s cloths— ties
B^ TiS^v-w that you can
yL -V f wash. Four of
'^^feS^n^A' 4*4 * 'em, Friday and
\ \B*yBBt^^-- Saturday, will
\_ \ \ v cost you
25c.
O I IJ3 ISI KEARN Y ST.
KINGPINS FOR OVERCOATS.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
A triumph in
. up-to-date mer-
chandising.
| — ■ — i About 600 dozen \
fjShfc Ladies' Puff
dfm HP Scarfs, made
ff_^BBlß| from hi §h -
/* grade lawn in
% "w\ white, helio,
<-ffy\ pink, no end of
~/j(*mk 'cm, ; they're
light, cool and
llfl^^ll airy, and they' re
Wlf\ the swell thing, \
W§ \ I|l as you well \
W^ \ M know. These to- j
day at
aY 9c.
11 — — i
ThePointofAttack
The lines we attack to-day are
pretty, seasonable and new —
just the things that you want, \
and at just the prices you, want.
They're Friday and Saturday
prices.
A STRAW DEAL.
The buyer for our
Children's Hat De- * C~ -^p^.
partment caught a ( KBBiRrTSo^^N
manufacturer on V. W^mwi —,-,;
the hip. He wag "~"~"t--«»__55r»
overloaded with /* yffi&ifm 3
Straw goods and our \_ 7\i'
buyer made him an fm& y^
offer which he ac- r
cepted. You'll get
the benefit. *
It consists of some 600 dozen Boys'
Sailor Straws, pretty styles— all new,
fashionable goods. You'll get 'em for
just half price and a little less, and that
half price Is for pick.
15c.
Doesn't he wear out two pairs of trous-
ers to his coat? Most little fellows do.
Now, here's what we're going to do for
you on Friday and Saturday:
We have taken a lot of the prettiest
kind of Reefer Suits in blue, -richly
braided, extra pair of trousers go with
'em; the suits are worth $3.50 and the
trousers 75c— that's $4 25. For suit and
extra trousers Friday and Saturday.
Some for larger boys between the ages
of 8 and 16, double-breasted style, knee
trousers, in blues, and an extra pair of
pants; the suit's worth $3 50, the trousers
75c — 25. The suit and extra trousers
will ba
, $2.48.
We . r _______^
the
Mrtaae f W^^%
We drop the curtain Satur- -7 wi ' > \ ~~y* \
day night upon one of the / / Q ' \ \ \
prettiest spring events the . I > \ *"
people of San Francisco have Jj \ |
ever witnessed. That they ' ' [\ 0 ■ > l ~* Iw*
have relished it can be plain- -^f\\j "****'""* V\
ly seen by the unusual crowds 4\|)' £ VH »»
that we have had in our store vf\\ ~ ? 'i ! *-i /^ sSi^\\
this week, but we ring down W%^ / / X^
the curtain Saturday night. r^ / I \\
Of course, till Saturday j**^ / I /C
night you have the pick from y I /=
. handsomest Spring ere- \f\\ 77 jg /^
tions, masterpieces of the AVJ/jL^I J fl jr^x
s ivellest tailors in America. vjffjF^ I JM f/^
There's a cool air of refine- AKly^ . M (7/^
ment about 'em that imparts >^/^Jkv via fry)
tone and elegance to a man' s /JT\ xV ruA P^*
make-up. These Suits were £pwvz /i/4 u/jZ'
never intended to be sold tin- \ C^ , I(\ A wV^
der 15, and they never shall \^T%^\ "MM •V)^
be sold under that price -^pdc\ Kvrd l^vs
There's those hands ome yyV A\\w\ ?;:^
Blue Serges among ' em ; those =^vf£v t\>c\A \
satin-lined cheviots in spring /7r|.uV ht\\\
colorings. There's a world of . ' Jt^R? AI^CV VUx^
'em to select from, but when i^^^—^J **^--Ov^J>^^^
we ring down the curtain on ' =SrsCp\/ ~~y^/fTv\\N
this sale Saturday night it's -^siv l| v"b
the last of 'em at . .
. cpo.oo. $8.88.
§ Summer
iJUllllllvl
Voctc
Some ideal styles
: in Men's Summer
Vests' the very pret-
tiest things; vests
that can be washed.
Our best tailors have
made 'em for us.
These Friday and
$1.49.
The Madge, a
.<rTfyTa_ dream of Ladles' Co-
l ' ar loveliness; a3-
•oy^jre ' inch collar which is
___,_» r IJH the decree of tho
I jl\^ r MB fashionable of the
J> \t- jr fashionable set as
<W| i'" absolutely correct.
)if Jn\ Has all the es-
/■/ y\ ) sentials of the 250 .
// yX\ ) collar. This in con-
collar. This in con-
/ %¥ig^d. I junction with the
L^i^t-W,^ . Sadie, a new one in
A > Mt>**? the high banded
C-V*^"^ turn-down style, In
our collar section on
second floor at
10c.
Pearls Are Proper.
£~^ The pearl hat with
2^i> black band is the
,•5 ff proper thing for
-<--'gjssi!4n& gentlemen's wear
' egfJajraEJaS this spring. It's the
-c^S^^^w!*'' swell thing; and talk
*^li§^iHk aßw " f lla * loveliness, it's
j^^>^a^_R» impossible to touch
'''nfffl£&M*W anything that will
i'\^fP"vv impossible with touch
anything that will
HIS^- compare with this
jSV'lr* , hat in any exclusive
'j hat store under $a—
J some of 'em get even
* more. We only aslc
95c.
Of course, other shades as well.
Fashionable Young Men.
Some very hand-
some Spring Suits
for young men be-
tween the ages of 14
tand 19 will find their
way to our special
bargain tables — some
swelly tailored crea-
tions in both light
and medium color-
ings: they were to
be the star feature
among our $12 suits.
They'll be offered to
you Friday and Sat-
urday at
$6.98.
Young Men's
Straws.
A lot of pretty Straws— the new shape
for young men. Half price and a lot less;
for these Friday and Saturday— that i«,
19c.
WhiteDuckSailors
A pretty lot of
White Duck Sailors,
— -- for little folks; airy,
Vvj^/^*^^^ cool and refined
?*s^\/\ styles— some crash
/7 ~sf^ysP amongr'em. would
(j .*VTW  be right, but the
• -M7&l ,/V Hat Department
's \ says quote 'em at
25c.
34
ENOCH ARDEN
IN REAL LIFE
An Interesting Story Re
vealed by a Suit for
Divorce.
After Marrying a Second Time
a Woman Learns Husband
No. 1 Is Living.
Obtaining One Legal Separation the
Surprised Wife Sues Her Sec
ond Spouse.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
SEATTLE, April 14.— T0-day in the
Superior Court an Enoch Arden story
in real life came to lipht during the
trial of the suit of Jessie A. Hendricks
against Albert It. Leach for the annul
ment of an invalid marriage.
The testimony developed that after
marrying and living with Leach us his
wife for over a year Mrs. Hendrickg
was informed last May that her first
husband, M. V. Hendricks, from whom
t^he ha.d been separated for eleven years
and whom she Bupposed to be dead, was
still in the land of the living and that
her marriage with Leach was abso
lutely invalid. •
Mrs. Hendricks separated from her
first husband in lowa early in 1886.
After living in Milwaukee the wife
came to Seattle in 1892 and soon after
was informed that Hendricks was dead.
In lSS'rt she was married to Leach, who
now lives in Tacoma. Last May Mrs.
Hendricks received a letter from he
mother giving the startling news that
Hendricks wad alive and was visiting
his old home. Leach and Mrs. Hend
ricks immediately separated and have
not since lived together.
Last February Mrs. Hendricks be^an
a suit in the Superior Court against
husband No. 1 for a divorce. The pa
pers were served on him in Michigan
and a few weeks later the divorce was
granted. The next step taken by Mrs.
Hendricks was to obtain an annulment
of her marriage with Leach. This she
did by the suit tiled and tried to-day.
CALIFORNIA FRUIT
MEN IN CONVENTION.
Growers of the State Meet at River
side and Discuss Many Subjects
of Interest.
RIVERSIDE, April 14.— The State Fmlt
Growers' convention began a two days'
session to-u. -.-. Ellwood Cooper of Santa
Barbara presided. The speech of wel
come by E. W. Holmes was replied to
on behalf of the delegates by Senator
William Jnhnsuii of Sacramento. Presi
dent Cooper addressed the convention
<m markets, freight rates, olive industry
and fertilisers. He said the olive or
charda of California when in full bear-
Ing produce 4ihj,oki barrels of olives and
i""> rarloads of oil annually, and a great
er market must be procured for the
product.
E. M. Wardell spoke on the national
pure food movement. He urged that all
legislation should be in the line re-quir
ing everything to be lubek-d just what
It is.
An interesting- discussion of the sub
ject of protecting fruit products from the
Imposition*) of dishonest dealers followed,
in which A. H. Sprague of Los Ang
M };. l.f I>oi)K of Sacramento. B. Bar
wick and W. J'.. Hunter took part.
The evening session was devoted to a
discussion of the national quarantine
bill now before Congress. The delegates
were divided as to tne merits of the bill
and many leading ones oppose the meas
ure as one pot likely to accomplish the
results desired.
MEXICAN RAIDERS
ARE SENTENCED.
Four of the Prisoners Given Sixteen
Years' Imprisonment and One
Is Acquitted.
EL PAPO. Tex., April 14.— T0-day, at
Juarez, Mexico, across the Rio Grande
from this city, the District Court decided
the cases of those charged with being
Implicated in the raid two years ago on
the Palomis Custom-house. Four of the
prisoner* were Bent< tii • 1 to serve sixteen
years each in the penitentiary, and one of
them, Magdaleno Calderon, wife was a
Union soldier during the late Civil War.
was acquitted. The men iiavu been in
Jail for a \ear. and two of them were re
leased on the ground that they had spent
Buffieient time In prison to punish them
for their infringement of the laws. The
raid on the custom-house was made by
rebels during an insurrection against the
Mexican Government, and was made to
procure funds to carry on the revolution.
Little money was procured, and several
Mexican soldiers were killed.
ONE DAY'S WORK
IN THE HOUSE.
Many Bills Passed, Some of Which
Are of More Than Ordin
ary Interest.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— The session
of the House to-day was dull and abso
lutely devoid of interest. The galleries
and the floor were almost deserted. Dur
ing tho afternoon bills were passed to
authorize the Secretary of the Interior
to rent or lease sites on forest reserva
tions for hotels or sanitariums; for the
preservation and prbtectlon of public
ords; to Bettle the accounts of the State
ol Arkansas and the United States as to
School hinds there: to regulate the juris
diction of th" Unite. i Stales courts; to
confer jurisdicttnii upon United SI
Circuit Onms ov.t suits in equity for
|he partition of land where the united
States is a tenant in common; authoriz
ing suits against an officer of the United
States to be continued against his buc
rs in office; for the prosecution of
persons making false affidavits in
elon cases, and several other unimpor
tant measures.
Resulted in a Draw.
BRIDGEPORT, April 11.— The boxing
bout at Park City Theater between "Mys
terious" Billy Smith and Joe Walcott,
twenty-five rounds at catchweights, re
sulted |n a draw. In the preliminary
Hilly Needham of St. Paul knocked out
Max Roth of New fork, after two min
utes and forty seconds of fighting in tha
first round.
Trial of a Woman Murderer.
LOS AN'IKI.KS. April 14.-The trial of
Mary Gawfal for the murder of Qharlea.
t'ollins at Santa Monica last February
began in the Superior Court this morn
ing. Tlie murder is alleged to have been
committed by the woman for the sake o f
a few dollar? Collins had on his person
Pedrjj Garcia., who is jointly charged, has
made a statement in which he says that
his mistress smashed the old man's" brains
put with an ax. The day was consumed
In selecting a jury.
Shocks Felt at Eureka.
EUREKA, April 14.-Two earthquake
shocks were felt here to-nigrht, the first
at ]O:F,o and the second at tl:10. A rumb
nnK '.oise accompanied the latter sliock.
jne duration was ten seconds and the
vibration waa north and south.
Mrs. Oscar Wilde Dead.
LONDON, April 14.— Information was
received in this city to-day to the effect
h Rl i ar Wllde died recently at
MITCHELL'S DEATH
UNDOUBTEDLY DUE
TO NATURAL CAUSES
But the Medical Examination
Made at the Funeral Was
Very Sensational.
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— Great interest has been aroused on
Puget Sound by the strange discovery made Tuesday at Montesano,
when the face of a supposed dead man was found covered with per
spiration. I). C. Mitchell, at whose funeral the discovery created
much excitement, was a prominent Mason, known over the Grays
Harbor country, which fact has lent additional interest to the story in
that section. Yesterday Montesano was much worked up over the
matter, according to advices received to-day. To-day the feeling that
Mitchell was perhaps buried alive has been allayed by the statement
by Dr. French and other Montesano physicians that Mitchell must
have be. 'ii dead, else Dr. Story, who was present at the funeral, would
not have permitted his burial.
YV. (\ Pascoe, master of the Wynoochie Masonic Lodge at Monte
sano, tn which Mitchell belonged, gave to a Call correspondent this
evening the first detailed account of the Btrange occurrence at
Mitchell's funeral to be published. Mitchell died, it seems, last Sun
day at the dinner table, ten miles up Satsop River from Montesano.
Death came suddenly, and the family thought at first he had only
fainted. Restoratives failed, and he was at length laid out and pro
■ i dead. The Masonic lodge at Montesano was notified and
made arrangements for the funeral Tuesday afternoon. It was held in
the Presbyterian church, which Mitchell attended.
Mitchell had many friends, and the little church was crowded. Tears
were in many eyes when the minister closed his discourse, in which
he eulogized Mitchell's good qualities as a husband, father and neigh
bor. Handkerchiefs were being freely Used, as his friends passed up
the aisle and around the bier to take a last look at his face. An ex
clatnatlon of surprise escaped one of the first to view the remains,
and its cause was quickly perceived by all who followed. Mitchell
not only looked as natural as life, but his forehead and upper part of
his cheeks were covered with drops of perspiration. Some of the lead
ing Masons congregated in the rear of the church and decided that an
investigation must be made. Some of them believed Mitchell was still
alive, fur they could account for the sweat upon his brow in no other
manner. Master Mason Pascoe a:so thought that something should
be done.
Dr. Story, himself a Mason, was called upon to examine the
corpse. By this time nearly everybody present had observed the per
spiration, and it required only a word of explanation to inform them
why medical examination -was necessary. With much expectation
and excitement the congregation attain became seated while the un
dertaker removed the lid of the coffin and Dr. Story began an exam
ination. He found the palms of Mitchell's hands turned black, which
convinced him personally that life was extinct. He turned the body
over, finding the limbs so rigid that it required two hands to make an
incision with the knife in the wrist between the bones. If this brought
blood Mitchell might be alive. If not he was dead beyond a doubt.
Not a drop of blood appeared and the doctor made the statement that
he was absolutely dead, This seemed to satisfy MltcheH'B wife and
three sons, in their teens, who ha<* watched the operation' with breath
less interest. The burial was therefore proceeded with.
Subsequently Mr. Pascoe sought the advice of other physicians who
coincide in Dr. Story's view. The talk of exhuming the body for fur
ther examination has died out. The 'theory advanced to-day is that
the perspiration was caused by the body lying for three hours in the
hearse while being driven in the hot sun from Mitchell's farm to
Montesano. Mitchell was 51 years old. Mr. Pascoe also learned to
day that his father, grandfather and great grandfather all died sud
denly of heart disease in the manner similar to Mitchell's death.
LIEU. JARVIS
HEARD FROM
Reports Having Met Third
Mate Tilton on the
Way.
Condition of the Icebound
Whalers Said '.o Be Most
Alarming.
Food and Transportation Tor About
Two Hundred and Fifty Will Bo
Needed This Month.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, April 14.
Lieutenant D. H. Jarvis, in command i
of the expedition for the relief of the i
ice-imprisoned whaling fleet in the I
Arctic, has made a report to the Secre
tary of the Treasury, dated Norton
Sound, Alaska, January 3, 1898. Con
cerning the condition of the fleet Lieu- j
tenant Jarvis says:
"To-day on 'the ice I met G. F. Til
ton, third mate of the whaling steamer
Belvedere, one of the vessels at Point
Barrow, bound out by way of St. Mi
chael with mail and nev of the posi
tions and c "ition of the vessels for
which this relief expedition was sent.
On account of the situation I opened
such mail as I supposed would give
me Information that might assist me in
the purpose of the expedition.
'"From all I can learn the following ;
is the condition of the fleet: The i
steamer Orca was wrecked trying to
get out September 22, 1597, a total loss,
near Sea Horse Islands, and the same
day, about fmir hours later, the steamer
Jessie H. Freeman was wrecked also, '
about the same place. The Belvedere :
was nearly out, but turned back to
save the crews of the wrecked vessels !
and was cauglit by the ice. There is j
a probability of her coming out all I
right. The schooner Rosario is just
around Point »iarrow to the wes^, and
there seems small chance for her
safety. The steamer Newport and the >
Norwegian steamer Fearless are about
fifty-five miles east of Point Barrow.
The steamer Jennie is about eighty- j
five miles east of Point Barrow. The !
bark Wanderer was last seen about
sixty miles west of Herschel Island and i
had not been heard of at Point Barrow
when Mr. Tilton left, October 17, 1897.
"It seems probable that all the ves
sels east erf Point Barrow will be
crushed by the ice. The steamer Mary
D. Hume is wintering at Herschel
Island and it is probable that the crew
of the Wanderer will make for her. !
The crews <>f the other vessels are all j
safe at Point Barrow, excepting some !
tew who are camping on the shore near i
the ships. Their supply of provisions '
has been taken in charge and appor- \
tioned out to last until next July. It j
will be sufficient to last with the rein
deer I will drive there. All the natives '
have been sent to the interior to hunt, ;
and, I think, can (are for themselves. !
I hope to get the deer there by April,
when the most shortage will be. The
steamer Navarch, caught in the ice last .
summer, drifted to the east of Point
Barrow in September and seven men I
were taken from .her, two others refus- !
ing to leave. There are in all about 304 j
men on the ships, including those from
the Navarch and those on the Wan- '
derer, and I should say that transpor- I
tation will be needed for about 250 when
the ice oucns." J
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
EXTENDING THE
VALLEY ROAD
Men Engaged in Grading
Through Tulare to
Visalia.
Soon There Will Be Great Re
joicing When Connection Is
Made With Main Line.
Visalia Will Invita All the People of
California to Join in Celebra
ting Her Freedom.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TULARE, April 14.— A fnrce of grnrl
ers consisting of fifty men with ninety
horses commenced the work yesterday
of building: the grade for the Valley
road from Jacobs Well through Tulare
to Visalia.
Jacobs Well is {it the junction of the
main line with the Tulare branch line,
and is located about eighteen miles
southwest of Tulare. The present force
will build grade at the rate of two
miles a .veek, but the number of teams
and men ma" be increased within a
short time, and the construction of
grade will proceed much more rapidly.
The work will be pushed as rapidly as
possible, and track laying will be com
menced as s< m as the construction
force has completed the line into
Bakersfield. JUany men and teams in
the locality can be secured and the
good work of hast uing the completion
of the competing line will go forward
at a rapid pace.
The Tulare-Yisalia branch will be a
healthy and vigorous feeder for the
Valley road, and the closing of the gap
between Viaalia and the main line at
Jacobs Well will be a glad day for
Tulare and this section of the valley.
Tulare will then be a railroad center of
imporntncp, having- the main line of the
Southern Pacific, the Valley road and I
th Visalia and Tulare line.
A nocd start Las been made on the
grade through Tu'.are, all the buildings
have L~?n removed off io right of way,
the depot site cleaned up and every
thing in readiness for the "rading and
track-layers. When the line is com
pleted and the last spike driven Tulare
will Invite the balance of California
to join in celebrating the advent of the
first train. It will be a day of great re
j' cinq.
RECOVERS A WALLET
LOST MONTHS AGO.
Chicago Man's Purse Found in Visa
lia's Natatorium With Some
Cash Missing.
VTSALJA, April 14.— Last August T, P.
Beavenc, a confidential agent of Porter
Brothers, the big fruit dealing firm of
Chicago, was in this city on business,
and while taking a <i.n in the natatorium
lost his large leathern pocketbook con
taining $G5 in cash, three checks for ?:,0
each, two eastern railroad tickets, ai
Southern Pacific mileage book and a lot
of telegrams and important papers. Bea
vens had not the slightest idea what be
came of his wallet. Soon afterward he
was taken off the road and given a posi
tion as office clerk in Chicago.
Now the mystery is cleared. Two Vl
salia boys, in cleaning the natatorium in
readiness for the coming season, found
hidden away in a corner of an upper
room the lost pocketbook, with every
thing intact except the $65 in cash. Some
person had evidently founu me wallet
where Beavens had dro-^ed j.. and, af
ter taking the money, had hidden it, be-
IBM afraid of detection if he used the j
FOR WAR AND
SOUND MONEY
Oregon Republicans Send
a Ringing Telegram
to McKinley.
It Declares Spaniards Should
Be Punished and Pledges the
Support of the State.
Conclusion of th« Convention by the
Nomination of T. T. Ge?r for
Governor.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ASTORIA, Or., April 14.— The Repub- |
lican State Convention met this morn- |
ing and contrary to expectation there
was no contest over the election of tern- I
porary chairman. The delegates out- |
side of Multnomah County, which has
two delegations, held a caucus and de
cided to support W. L. Tooze of Marion !
County for temporary chairman, and i
he was chosen unanimously.
After the appointment of the com
mittee on credentials recess was taken
until 1 o'clock.
Just before adjournment the follow
ing telegTam was ordered sent to Presi
dent McKinley:
"With utmost confidence in the wis
dom of your administration and pledg
ing you the support of the State of
Oregon, we express our earnest convic
tions that the Maine was destroyed by
design or criminal neglect of Spanish
officers, and that this outrage is just
cause for the United States to drive' the
Spanish nation from the Western hem
isphere."
When the telegram was read the con
vention rose en masse and cheered
wildly for McKinley.
When the convention reassembled
this afternoon the committee on cre
dentials reported in favor of seating the
Simon delegation from Multnomah
County. The report of the committee
was adopted by a vote of 159 to 58. A
recess was then taken until 7:30 o'clock.
The platform adopted contains the
following financial plank:
"VS c are in favor of the maintenance of
the present sold standard; we are un
qualifiedly opposed to the free collide
of Mlver and to all other schemes look
ing to the debasement of the currency
and the repudiation of debt. We believe
that the best money in the world is none
too good to be assured by the Govern
ment to the laborer as the fruit of his
toil and to the farmer as the price of his
crop. We condemn the continued agita
tion for free silver as calculated to
jeopardize the prosperity of the country
and to shake the confidence of the peo
ple in the maintenance of a wise finan
cial policy. We particularly condemn as
unpatriotic the efforts of the free silver
agitators to array class against class and
section against section. We declare that !
the interests of all classes and of all i
sections of. our country alike demand a i
sound and stable financial system.
Concerning the threatened war with |
Spain the platform says:
While we deplore the Imminence of war
we recognize that the country is on the
eve of a war undertaken for the vindica
tion of the national honor and the per
formance of a work dictated by every
instinct of humanity. We declare that
the administration is entitled in this
conflict to the confidence and support of
the t-ntire people.
An amendment to the platform con
demning the action of the last Legis
lature for its failure to organize and
el • t a United States Senator was de
feated.
The following State ticket was then
nominated:
Governor— T, T. Geer, Marion County.
Supreme Court — Justice F. A. Moore
(n nominated).
State Treasurer, C. S. Moore, Klam
ath County; Secretary of State, F. I.
Dunbar, Clatsop County; State Printer,
W. H. Leeds, Jackson County; Attor
ney-General, D. R. N. Blackburn, Linn
County; Superintendent Public In
struction, J. H. Ackerman, Multnomah
County.
T. T. Geer, the nominee for Governor,
is the first native son of Oregon to ro
ii iv a nomination for that office. He
was born in the Waldo Hills near Sa
lem, forty-seven years ago, and has
lived a farmer ever since. He has
been a member of the lower house of
the Legislature for eight years and in
1891 was elected Speaker. He has al
ways been a pronounced advocate of
the gold standard.
M. A. Moody, who was nominated for
Congressman in the Second District, is
a young man, and is also a strong be
liever in the gold standard.
Damages for a Crushed Foot
NAPA, April 14.— A jury in the Superior
Court to-day found a verdict of $2500 dam
agea for \V. G. Thompson against the
Southern Pacific Railroad Company for
injuries sustained on the 23d of last Sep
tember. Thompson, at the time he sus
tained the injuries, was an employe in
B, B. Smith's fruit dryer, situated in
East Napa. Thompson attempted to
climb between the cars of a freight train
and his foot was crushed by the cars.
FRENCH OFFICIALISM.
It is undeniable that France main
tains out of state, county, or local funds
a larger number of officials and func
tionaries than any other country in the
world. It has been well said that in
France their name is not legion but
multitude. When one counts up all the
able-bodied citizens who are employed
and paid by the state, the departments
or the communes, and adds those whose
military service withdraws them from
civil pursuits, one is startled to find
what an enormous amount of product
ive energy is abstracted, and how few
men are left to live their own lives, and
thus contribute to the national growth
in wealth and numbers.
Officialism is not the only sore that is
eating into the French nation. The
causes of the ills it suffers from are
multiple and complex. They are not all
new; some, indeed, are extremely old.
But at the present time officialism, al
though it covers itself with the mask
of conservatism, must be looked upon
as the most active agent of social de
composition. Conservative it appears
to be in the sense that it tends to keep
down initiative spirit and all independ
ence of character, and forms a sort of
nation within a nation, with interests
of its own and a rooted aversion to
changes of any kind as dangerous to
its existence. Confined in the employ
ment in which he clings, the official is
always the ally of the Government of
the day when he is not its slave, or, in
reality, its absolute master. His salary
is generally mediocre, and his style of
life narrow and shabby, but he feels
that it is surer than any other as long
as the taxpayers' money cornea in. —
Nineteenth Century.
' ■ ♦ ■' ' '■-,
Publisher— Why, what's this?
Author— The manuscript for my. new
novel.
"But there isn't a description in it. It's
nothing but a lot of disconnected dia
logues.
"Yes, I'll write' the descriptions after
it s illustrated. You told me it was to be
illustrated, you remember."
"But why do you wait till then?" ;
"Because I'm determined that the de
scriptions and picture* shall agree for
once."— Life. v .■■.::■■ ■ ;?•; .: /vx..:.-
EDWARD PARKER DEACON
ESCAPES FROM ASYLUM
Wanders Into the World and His Lunacy Is
Betrayed by His Application for a Position
as Seamstress.
WESTON, Mass., April 14 -Edward Parker Deacon, who came
Into prominence a few years ago by shooting his wife's paramour, one
Abeille, In Paris, escaped on Sunday morning from the hospital In
Beverly. Mr. Deacon's room was on the second floor. He made his es
cape by a window at sa. m., eluding his 'attendants, leaping to the
ground and getting away with no worse Injury than a twisted ankle.
Suspecting that a careful search would be made for him and mes
sages sent by telephone to New Britain towns, he walked through the
woods to Weston. Here he got into conversation with a small boy,
who took him to his house to meet his mother. Mr. Deacon's greeting to
her was:
"Madam, I have called to see if I can secure a position as seam-
Btress in your family. I can do light sewing nicely, and have brought
my scissors with me."
The young woman, startled at such a preposterous request from
one of such polished manner, called a physician who was visiting the
family. A few minutes' conversation convinced the doctor that the
stranger was an escaped lunatic. He telephoned to the hospital and re
ceived assurance that a carriage with attendants would be sent at
once. Meantime the family entertained their unexpected visitor as well
as possible, giving him a place at the dinner-table, which he accepted
simply as a matter of course, chatting entertainingly during the meal
of his travels and adventures in foreign lands.
When the carriage from the hospital arrived he made no objection
to going with the attendants, remarking only that they were very good
to send for him, though he thought it would have been more considerate
if they had Avaited until he could have finished his sewing and em
broidery. He was returned to the hospital without any recourse to vio
lence being necessary.
FORTY MILLION
THE OUTPUT
Estimated Riches of the
Vast Klondike
Region.
Latest News From Dawson,
Taken to Seattle by the
Steamer Packshan.
Sixty-Two Bodies Have Been Taken
From th« Avalatiche at
Chilcoot.
Special Dlscatch to The Call.
VANCOUVER, B. C, April 14.— The !
steamer Packshan, which arrived here !
to-day from Dyea, Alaska, reports j
that the search for bodies in the Chil- :
coot slide has been concluded. Sixty
two bodies had been taken out alto
gether.
Among the steamer's passengers was
R. A. Ellis of California who left.-
Dawson March -IT, reaching Dyea
April 7. Ellis was accompanied as far
as Dyea by Captain Ray, U. S. A., who
was on his way from Fort Yukon to
Washington. Captain Ray stopped at
Dyea for a few days. He will come
down on the next steamer.
Ellis says the firr-t boat will leave
Dawson for St. Michael about the mid
dle of June. He estimates that she will
carry fifteen milion dollars in gold and I
that the total output of the Klondike
region will be forty millions. The latest
gold discovery before Ellis left Dawson
was on Boulder Creek. Thirty-seven
dollars was the highest pan taken out.
RACING ON TWO TRACKS.
Mudlarks Have Things Their Own
Way at Newport.
MEMPHIS, April 14.— Results at Montgomery
Park:
Four furlong?, selling — The Geezer won. Sir
Blaze second, Satcitta third. Time, :50V...
Five furlnnss. gelling — Melter wotl. Voyager
second. Belle Ward tliini. Time, 1:04%.
Four furliuiKF, Ladolle stokes— Our Nelly
won, Gay Parisienne second, Lady Memphis
third. Time, 'M%.
One mile, County Club handicap— Ornament
won. Good Times second, Buck Videre third.
Time. 1:45%.
Seven furlongs, selling:— High Test won, Gold
Corn second, Kruna third. Time, i::-n' 4 . .
One mile, telling — "Pole Simmons won, Oni
noor second, Robair II third. Time, 1:45%.
CINCINNATI, April 14.— The Newport track
was still sloppy to-day and the mud larks had
things all their own way. Weather rainy and
cool. Results:
Seven furlongs, Vanessa won, Allie
Belle second. Necklace third. Time. I:33<<£.
Four and a half furlongs— Great Land won,
Ned Wilkes second. ' Earabass third. Time,
:SJU.
Seven furlongs, selling— Carlotta C won, Cecil
second, Ada Russell third. Time, 1 . 33 . '
One mile, selling— Halton won, Pop Dtxon
second, 'Lady Keith third. Time, 1:43V4.
Six furlongs, selling — Onagon won, Oxnard
second. Corona third. Time, 1:19%.
One mile, Felling— Jamboree won, Rey del
Mar second, Royal Choice third. Time, l:47Vi-
. ♦
Winners at Bennings.
WASHINGTON. April 14.— Despite the
rainy day at Bennings the track was In
very fair condition. Results:
Five furlongs— Summer Sea won, Lam
bent second, Her Own third. Time, 1:02 V..
Two-year-olds, selling, half mile —
Caoutchouc won, Clap Trap second, Ty
ran third. Time, ;80%,
Potomac stakes, nix furlongs— Sailor
King won, Hand Press second, Sensa
tional third. Time. 1:17.
Six and one-half furlongs, selling—
Charante won, Dogtown second, James
Munroo third. Time. 1:24.
Ope mile— Thomas Cat won, Poggett
second, Festa third. Time, 1;47.
Cyclers' Day in Santa Clara.
SAN JOSE. April 14.— 1t is proposed to
make May 1 "Cyclers' day" In Santa
Clara County, and arrangements are now
being made under the auspices of Garden
City wheelmen to inaugurate that fes
tival this spring. A run and picnic will
be held at Alum Rock Park, and bicy
clists from all over the county will be in
attendance. As the day falls on Sunday
the wheeling organizations of Oakland
and Sun Francisco will come down in
force.
An elaborate entertainment will be pre
sented at Alum Rock. There will be a
fine musical programme and athletic
sports and a barbecue.
Death of a Kedlands Pioneer.
REDLANDS, April 14.— This afternoon
E. B. Cutts, whue up Bear Creek Can
yon fishing, stepped suddenly from the
approach to the bridge. He reeled' into
the brook unil expired Instantly, ft is
thought apoplexy caused the fall. He
was one of the first settlers in Redlands
and aged 60.
Won by Gilbert.
CHICAGO, April 14.— The live-pigeon
shoot between Fred Gilbert of Spirit
Lake, la., and Frank Parmalee of Omaha
at Watson's Park to-day was won by
Gilbert, who killed 86 out of 100 birds.
Parmalee's score was 82. The match was
for the Dupont cup, held by Gilbert,
against $100 put up by Parmalee.
Two Runaway Boys Caught.
SAN JOSE, April Stanley Dawson
and George Bird, runaway boys from San
Francisco, were arrested in this city at
041 early hour this morning and are being
held at the Police Station until the arri
val of their parents. The lads are 12
years of age, and state they left home for
the purpose of seeing the sights. Daw
son's folks reside at 120 Turk street, and
Bird's home it at 107 Ash avenue.
TRIED TO KILL TWO
MEN AT CALISTOGA.
P. Macelli Runs Amuck With a
Knife and Is Arrested for
Assault to Murder.
NAPA, -.pril 14.— Upon the arrival of
the passenger train from Calistoga this
morning Deputy Sheriff Benjamin Grauss
brought P. Macelli, an Italian, and lodged
him in the County Jail, in accordance
with a charge of attempt to murder being
placed against him. Macelli and another
Italian late last night, after Imbibing
freely, got into an altercation at Calis
toga, whereupon macelli made a rush at
his fellow-countryman with a large
butcher knife. At this moment Samuel
Mangini, the proprietor of the hotel in
which the men were, attempted to dis
nrm Macplll, whereupon Macelli diverted
his attention from the man he would kill
and dangerously stabbed Mangini. The
other man disappeared and has not been
seen since.
MONSTER ARTESIAN WELL.
Will Supply Water for the Sugar
Factory at Spreckels.
SALINAS, April 14.— Work haa com
menced on the largest artesian well in
California, at Spreckels, for the use of
the sugar factory. The well has a di
ameter of four feet, and will be sunk 160
feet. It has already been sent down
twenty-eight feet. As it must be pressed
down by heavy weights, the w>rk is very
slow, and may continue one month. Pros
pect wells sunk at the same depth along
side the large well show plenty of water,
with a flow of two feet above ground.
Croly's Assailants Convicted.
SACRAMENTO, Cal., April 14.-The
jury in the case of James Searight, alias
; Jimmy Welch, charged with the robbery
ot a Japanese here a few weeks ag-o,
brought in a verdict of guilty this
ng. His pal, Charles Walker,
alias Leroy, was convicted yes
\V;t!ker, alias Leroy, was convicted yes
terday. They not only robbed the Jap
. but beat him with an iron bar
until he was nearly dead. A week later
Leroy and Searight entered Street Com
missioner E. J. Croly's house, and en
ring him in a hallway, fired two
into his breast. Croly is recover-
Fnr the robbery of the Japanese
they will probably be sentenced for life,
and that will dispose of the other case.
Leroy has been arrested in San Francisco
for crimes, and Searight in Los Ajigeles,
where he was known as Jimmy Welch.
Plain Case of Suicide.
NAPA, April 14.— Ever since the finding
of the dead body of William Downey, the
young blacksmith of Trubody Station, in
Napa Valley all sorts of rumors have
been afloat as to ihe cause of the young
man's death. Sheriff McKenzie has been
vigilant, and through his efforts it has
been clearly ascortained that it was a
plain case of suicide.
Banished to Siberia.
LONDON, April 14.— According to the
St. Petersburg correspondent of the
Times, as a result of a secret trial for
treason on the charge of selling military
documents to Austria, Privy Councilor
Derovnoff and his 20-year-old daughter
have been banished to Siberia for life
Five other persons have received lighter
sentences.
Watson's New Position.
SACRAMENTO, April 14.-B. J. Watson,
formerly Port Warden of San Francisco,
was to-day appointed Deputy Stata Su
perintendent of Public Instruction by
Superintendent Black.
TO BE SHORT OR TALL?
It is a curious fact that the majority
of men don't seem to be attracted by
tall girls. We wonder why? asks an
English critic. Perhaps, remarks the
Chicago News, it is that man is accus
tomed to be looked up to— at all events
by the fair sex— and it is only natural
for him to prefer the girl who, in her
little caressings and fascinating lover
like ways, has, o • account of her short
ness, to look up at him for the purpose
of peering into his lovelit eyes. But
very short women can only sound the
note of a forlorn condition, fortu
nately, for fussy, modern man, taking
hin in the abstract, passes her over and
lets his choice fall upon her compara
tively taller sister. The superlative l /
tall woman and the positively short
woman the average man leaves se
verely alone.
Tall women are usually dignified and
would appear to scorn kittenish ways,
and although they manage to draw ad
miration it is rather of the awe in
spiring kind. N<> doubt, owing to their
smallness of stature and piettv pla 7 -
1 ways, men give to little women
more petting than the tall, dignified
woman demands. The lover's oft-re
peated expression, "You little d rljne "
could hardly be applied to the very t 1
girl without tickling the risibilities of
those wh<> overheard it. This is cer
tainly very hard, and looks like a pun
ishment for being tall, but who can
help her stature? And it is a fact, too,
that men are rather shy about ap
proaching tall women, because of re
straint which they feel but cannot ex
plain. They are under the impression
why it's hard to tell— that 1 _U women
are built to be commanders, and that
they are in their natural element when
l,ft alone in their reserved dignity and
musings in their lonely wanderings.
STERN VIEWS OF A GOOD THING.
Our navy i 9 not the largest in the
world, and it may not be the best
equipped, but it is moving around over
the seas in a way that shows it to be
about the swiftest in existence. And
sometimes speed is a good thing in a
fighter.— St. Louis Republic*.
BIG RALLY
AT NEVADA,
Grand Army Men to Meet
at the Famous
Town.
Division Encampment to Re
ceive a Genuine Mountain
Welcome.
One Week Later the Native Son*'
Grand Parlor Will Also Assemble.
Among the Mines.
I
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEVADA, April 14.— Next Tuesday
the annual division encampment of the
Grand Army of the Republic of Cali
fornia and Nevada convenes here* With
it will come the Women's Relief Corps,
the Ladies of the G. A. R. and Sons of
Veterans, \ftxo will also hold annual ses
sions. Fully 500 members of these four
organizations will come, arriving Mon
day afternoon. Tuesday evening there
will be a reception and promenade con
cert at Armory Hall. Wednesday
morning there will be a parade of the
visiting organizations, escorted by two
bands, Companies I and C of the Na
tional Guard, firemen, school children
and civic societies. In the afternoon
the visitors will be taken to the mines.
Thursday evening a banquet will be
held at Armory Hall. On Friday there
will be an excursion to Grass Valley,
where there will be a parade and ban
quet.
The business sessions of the different
branches will be held as follows: Grand
Army, theater; Relief Corps, Odd Fel
low' Hall; Ladies of the G. A. R., Py
thian Castle; Sons of Veterans, Ma
sonic Hall.
During the week following the Grand
Parlor of the Native Sons assembles
here. Scores of men are engaged in
decorating the streets and buildings,
and by Sunday the city will present a
gala appearance. Four electric arche3
will span the principal streets, electric
overmantel pieces will be put on many
buildings, miles of small flags strung
on wires will cross and recross the
streets, and allegorical banners will be
stretched. Two thousand incandescent
lights will be used for ornamentation
and decoration, and as a whole the dis
play will be among the most elaborate
ever displayed on the coast. All
classes of citizens are joining enthu
siastically in preparations for giving
the Grand Army and Native Sons a
true mountain welcome, and both
weeks will be given up to festivities.
HOW TO DRINK WATER.
Professor Slikham says there are few
people who thoroughly realize the value
of water aB a beverage, or who know how
to obtain the greatest advantage from it.
The effects produced by the drinking of
water vary with the manner in which it
is drunk. If, for instance, a pint of cold
water be swallowed as a large draught,
or if it be taken in two portions wltn a
short interval between, certain definite re
sults follow — effects which differ from
those which would have resulted from the
same quantity taken by sipping. Sipping
is a powerful stimulant to the circulation,
a thing which ordinary drinking is not.
During the act of sipping the action of
the nerve which slows the beats of the
heart is abolished, and as a consequence
that organ contracts much more rapidly,
the pulse beats more quickly, and the cir
culation in various parts of the body Is
Increased. In addition to this we find that
the pressure under which the bile is se
creted is raised by the sipping of fluid.
And here is a point which might well be
noted by our readers: A glass of cold
water slowly sipped will produce greater
acceleration of the pulse for a time than
will a glass of wine or spirits taken at a
draught. In this connection it may not
be out of place to mention that sipping
cold water will often allay the craving for
alcohol In those who have been in the
habit of taking too much of it, and who
may be endeavoring to reform, the effect
being probably due to the stimulant ac
tion of the sipping.
"When er man gits de reputation o*
beln' able to exueise patience, said Un
cle Eben, '"folks gin'rally don' let 'lm run
much resk of 'is "■ettin' outer practice."—
Washington Star.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
iS~\ The smallest
« - i sfir? 1 ? ><*^ grain pf aoilina
If 111 I ii "T ■rtsi'^^ w * ll color • ton
111 I _L_^B ° ' wine. A
ilfT\ -s *&IMf^&!g£tMf manganate of
\ potash will red.
/*OfS A»i I mr oen seven thou.
TO==i^^^lL weight of water.
'■ Mrm m& '' ' The m ?^ tri "
Bu&jm M" - n t disorder
-i^^^^^ will dlt&rranffl
\S OW| every organ of.
Jfr fflismfiSm the bod ? Bnd
SJL'^GbB&ESs&BZI I causa eventual
//& t£Uß§m death. It U and
..K i^* 5^ death. It it the
//s^- / jBF ■■ little ailments
40'^M/ 19 neglected that
'v^ bSv mL make the big
'^> '* V^t^ disease*. Most
P5 ' serious diseases
'' ' .. ; have their in-
ception in a disordered digestion and faulty
nutrition. This is true of that most deadly
of — consumption. It is also true
of nervous prostration and exhaustion and
also of all forms of wasting disease. Ail-
ments of this description may not only be
prevented but cured by a resort to the right
remedy.
An unfailing cure for all diseases that
have their origin in disorders of the diges-
tion and faulty nutrition is found in Dr.
Pierces Golden Medical Discovery. It
cures digestive disorders, restores the appe-
tite, invigorates the liver, purifies and en-
riches the blood, builds healthy flesh and
muscle and drives out disease germs. It
cures 98 per cent, of all cases of consump-
tion. Thousands have testified to these
facts. Druggists who suggest substitutes
are dishonest.
Mrs. Ursula Dunham, of Sistersville, Tyler Co
W. Va., writes; 'I should have been dead had it
not been for your medicine. 1 was neiirlv dead
when I began taking Dr. Pierce s Golden" Medi-
cal Discovery. I had a pain in my side all the
time, had but little appetite, and grew very thin
The ' Golden Medical Discovery ' promptly cured
the pain, restored my appetite, and increased
xny weight."
Dr. Pierces wonderful free book, "The
People's Common Sense Medical Advieer "
will be sent paper-bound, for twenty-one
cents in one-cent stamps to pay the cost
of mailing only. Address Dr. R. V Pierce
Buffalo, N. Y. For handsome, durable
cloth covers, beautifully stamped, send ten
cents more (thirty-one cents in ail), to pay
extra cost for this style of binding.
Wright's Man Vegetable Pills
Are acknowiodgel by thousands of persons who
have used them for over forty years to cure
SICK HEADACHE, GIDDINESS, CONSTIPA-
TJON, Torpid Liver. Weak Stomach, Pimples
and purify the blood.
Grossman's Specific Mixture
■JMth this remedy persons can cure them-
selves without the least exposure, change of
diet or change in application to business. Tna
medicine contains nothing of the least Injury
u> the constitution. Ask your druggist for U.PLANTED MINES
AND TORPEDOES IN
HAVANA HARBOR
Charles Crandall, Who Worked
for Weyler, Caught by
Detectives,
Run Down by a Cuban Spy the Fellow Admits
Having Done the Bidding of Spanish
Officials.
NEW YORK, April 14.— A special to
the World from Chicago says: Charles
A. Crandall, who, acting under personal
orders of Captain-General Weyler,
planted min^s and torpedoes in the
harbor of Havana, has been run to
earth. To-night he is in the custody of
three United States Secret Service
ts, who will escort him to
Washington, where he is expected to
pivr information to prove beyond any
ile doubt that the Maine was
1 town up by a mine and her 266 officers
and crew murdered designedly by
agencies known to Spanish officials.
Ever since the Maine was blown up
Orandall has been dodging. He was
run down by a Cuban spy, who dogged
him from Nashville to Highwood. a
Chicago suburb, where he was located
by secret service agents early this
evening.
Crandall's statements are substan
tiated by letters in his possession from
officials of General Weyler's staff and
from the writer himself. He says:
"It was while in the United States
service that I made a study of mines
and I I began laying mines
and torpedoes in Havana harbor early
in the spring of 1596, and finished
about a year later. In all seventeen
niines and ten torpedoes were placed.
"The mines wore made in England
and the torpedoes in Italy. In July
last year General Weyler ordered me to
place an additional mine near buoy No.
4. Or. one occasion General Weyler
:- nt for me to visit him at the palace,
with directions that I should appear in
th^ uniform of an officer of artillery, a
uniform being sent me for that pur
pose.
"When I went tn the palace General
Weyler asked me if it were possible for
a ship to enter the harbor or leave it
GENERAL LEE'S
TESTIMONY
How He Gave Evidence
Before the Senate
Committee.
Declared That Mines Were Laid
in Havana and Connected
With Moro Castle.
It Is Probable a Spanish Officer and
Not • Novice Blew Up the
Maine.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ifflce, Kiggs House,
Washington, April 14.
The testimony taken before the Sen
ate Committee on Foreign Relations in
connection with the investigation into
th.' relation between the United States
and Cuba was made public to-day. It
•itutes a book of about 650 pages
and includes not only the testimony
taken since the disaster of the Maine,
but also much that was taken before,
running back for a year or more.
The statement which contains the
greatest cuitent interest is that made
by <' •■r.'il Lee on the 12th inst.
In this Genera] Lee said that he was in
formed i in very good authority that the
Spaniards had placed two rows of tor
pedoes just at the mo-uth of Havana
harbor by Morro Castle within the past
two months, or subsequent to the Maine
disaster, and that the switchboard is
in a room in the castle. He said, how
ever, that he had no information of the
placing of any torpedoes before the
Maine was destroyed and none in re
gard to their purchase abroad by the
Spanish authorities.
"Have you any reason to suppose
that the i arbor was mined at all be
fore th" Mowing up of the Maine?"
Senator V:y.
">.*<>, sir; I had no reason to suspect
anything of that sort."
He t!.<-!i w<nt on to say that General
Weyler'a letter to Santos Guzman had
led him to believe that mines might
have been placed there previous to the
Incident, and he said that this
supposition was strengthened by a
telegram from General Weyler, of
v. hi<'h he had cognizance. Upon the
whole h. thought the Weyler letter
(the Lali c letter) was a correct copy
of the genuine letter.
The telegram to which he referred
was addressed to Eva Canela, a noted
Ish woman, and an admirer o-f
< i»*n*rai Weyler, and CO Senor Guzman,
and it read as follows: "Grave cir
cumstances cause n.e to as,W you to de
stroy the last letter of February 12."
General L'-e said that this telegram
had never before been published, and
h>> found in it strong confirmatory evi
den< c of the genuineness of the Weyler
letter.
With reference to the responsibility
for the destruction of the Maine, Gen
eral Lee said:
I am satisfied the explosion was from
the outside. I cabled the State Depart
ment a few days after the board assem
bled that it was almost certain that the
explosion was from the exterior, I have
always had an idea about the Maine that
it was not blown up by any private in
dividual or by any private citizen but
mat it was blown up by some of the of
ficers who had charge of the mines and
electrical wires and torpedoes in the ar
senal there, who thoroughly understood
their business, for it was done remark
ably well.
I don't think General Blanco, the pres
ent Captain-General of the island of
Cuba., had anything to do with it. I don't
think he had any knowledge of it. I saw
him shortly after the occurrence. I was
Bitting in my room at the hotel. I heard
the explosion, and from the balcony of
the hotel saw a great column of lire go up
In the air. A few moments after ascer
taining. that it was the. Maine I went richt
down «- •>>" Vajjuia and l asked for Gen
with a chain of torpedoes and mines
there. He wanted it to be made abso
lutely sure.
"I showed him my roug-h chart and he
personally directed several changes, es
pecially in channels opposite the navy
yard. I remained in Havana until Feb
ruary 10, when I went to Key West,
where I stayed until March 3, on which
date I received my last Spanish gold
from Havana.
"After the Maine was blown up I
kept in hiding with a colored family
near fort Taylor, or barracks, and as
soon as I received word to skip out I
loft as a stowaway on the first steamer
for Miami. The Maine was anchored
at the identical buoy where General
Weyler ordered me to place the addi
tional mine, officially known as buoy
Xo. 4. These mines were anchored by
cable and chain.
"From Miami I went to Nashville,
where I received a foreign letter from
Havana dated March 1, 1593: 'Destroy
all evidence. Go to New York. Ticket
for London awaits you there. DIAZ.'
"This was from Weyler's most trusted j
adjutant and spy, who executes all of !
the edicts issued by Weyler from Spain. !
I did not gt) to New York, but went to
Bt Louis, and from there came to Chi
cago."
• 'randall has several letters from
Weyler regarding his work and a gen
eral military pass from that office, per
mitting him and five others to work
unmolested and to use any of the boats
of the navy yard at any hour or time
he may apply for one. All of these he
has turned over to the agents and will
be used at Washington. No blame can
bo attached to Crandall for his work
and he was sought for merely to fur
nish proof that there was a mine where
the Maine was anchored.
eral Blanco. He came in directly by hlm-
Belf. He had just heard it, and was cry
ing. Tears were coming out of his eyes.
I •■ seemed to regret it as much as any
body 1 saw in Havana. I think it came
from some of the subaltern officers who
had been tlu-re under Weyler, who were
probably antl-i^anco. anyhow, and who
.il knowledge of the business.
General L< •• BaJd that be had seen a
<*•■;'>■ of a telegram from Admiral Man
terolla, dated <v Havana prior to the
Mam.' explosion, and s.-nt to the Spanish
Commission in London, asking tht- com
mission to "hurry up the electrical
cables."
"Whether that referred to wire for sub
marine mines or torpedoes I don't know "
he continued. "I tried to ascertain if any
of the wire or electrical cables had ar
rived there, but they came on Spanish
snips and 1 could not find out."
General I,ee said that this testimony in
regard to Manterolla and all of that with
reference to the Weyler telegram had
been furnished to the Court of Inquiry
which investigated the Maine disaster
i'i:t h.'id .i not been sent to Congress nor
published because of a request of his
made to the State Department not to
make it public, "as I was afraid the
Spanish papers there would republish it
and they would probably kill the man
who gave it to me."
continuing his testimony General Lee
said that ten minutes after the explosion
he was at the palace talking to General
Blanco and that the latter gave him an
order for a boat to take him out into the
harbor. Senator Morgan asked if, when
ngh?s°U O rninl. Water>B "*«' he SaW a " y
| "I did not notice that," said General
i J.ee, t- but I have made Inquiries since
and have ascertained that no electric
lights went out. I sent for electrical
light men and gas men. Some gas jets
went out in one or two places, caused by
the shock or something, but I could not
ascertain from these men that a single
j electric light went out. One of the elec
' trie men whom I called up is a friend of
; mine, and he sent for the man who has
• direct charge of the lights, who came to
; my office. This man said he had not
; heard of any such thing. I said I wanted
to know with certainty. The man then
made explorations of an hour or two
and returned, saying that with the ex
ception of one electric light near the har
bor and one at another place not far dis
: tant where he thought perhaps the
lights may have gone out owing to the
shock, no other electric lights went out "
* cn ral cc , also said that he had not
felt the shock of "the explosion at the
hotel.
Senator Foraker— You think that no
: novice could hove destroyed the Maine?
1 .»,9 en , f ' ral Le< h . no, sir. The man who
I aid that work was an officer thoroughly
I acquainted with explosives of all sorts
and who knew all about it. It was very
| well done.
Senator Foraker— A man who had ex
pert knowledge, necessarily?
General Lee— Yes, sir.
SAN JOSE TO HAVE
A FINE ART GALLERY.
Mrs. M. P. O Connor Makes a Valu
able Contribution and the
Normal School Backs it.
SAX JOSE. April M.-This city will
BOdn have a fine art gallery. This has
been brought about by the liberality of
Mm. M. P. O'Connor, who has contrib
uted an art collection worth from $75,000 !
to 8100,000 to the city. The board of trus- !
tees of the Normal School will grant a !
site for the building in Normal square,
and will probably maintain and care for
the gallery. A committee of ladies are I
DOW rinsing subscriptions to erect a suit- !
able building, and already $5000 has been
subscribed. The building will be a fine
one and will be an ornament to the city.
The collection of paintings given the City
is a magnificent one, and includes works
of the old masters ami copies of nearly
all the great paintings. Mrs. O'Connor
proposes to add to it from time, to time,
and an art school will be established in
connection with it.
Mrs. Slaughter Chosen President.
STOCKTON. April 14.-The seventh an
imal meeting of the Women's Home Mis
sionary Society of the Oakland District
was held here to-day with representa
tives present from all over Central Cali
fornia, but principally from Oakland, Ala
meda and Berkeley. Officers chosen for
next year are: Mrs. E. Slaughter of
Stockton, president; Mrs. Baocus of Oak
land, vice-president; Mrs. Lester LJurkee
of Oakland, recording secretary; Mrs.
Laura Huflington of Ilerkeley, correspond
ing secretary, and Mrs. Watterson of Ala
meda, treasurer.
Speared His Own Ankle.
SALINAS, April 14.— Freddie Weaver, a
13-year-old lad residing with his parents
near the Spreckels refinery, went fishing
for salmon in Salinas River this morn
ing. As he attempted to spear a large
fish he accidentally drove the gig back
of the ankle downward, the head hook
ing under the large tendon in the heel
The sufferer had to be placed under
chloroform to permit the gig being cut
out. Serious results are feared.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
EPWORTH
CONVENTION
The Big Conference Soon
to Be Held in This
City.
Visitors From All Parts of the
State Will Attend the
Meeting.
A Four-Day Progrsmms of Music,
Business and Recreation
Prepared.
Preparations for holding the California
Conference of the Epworth League in
this city on April 21, 22. 23 and 24 are ac
tively under way. The leading members
of the league are bent on holding a suc
cessful conference. Although they do not i
look to its being as large as the Chris- I
REV. E. P. DENNETT.
tlan Endeavor Convention, they expect a
great deal of good will be derived
from it.
The California Conference comprises a
vast territory 4>X> miles in length and 160
miles In breadth. Heretofore no attempt
has been made to bring together the
league workers. While formal confer
ences and many Inspiring ami profitable
district and county conventions have
been held, the need of a great gathering
of the workers of the entire conference
has long been felt. It was, therefore, de
cided by the leading officers of the orßanl
zation to hold a conference convention in
this city, it being the central point.
Arrangements have been made with
j the lines of transportation for the spe
j cial rate of one and one-third fare for
I the round trip, and delegates will be met
! at the depots and wharves by members
of the reception committee, who will
wear white c;ips with red bands.
The following appeal for co-operation
| has been sent throughout the State to
j the members of the league and the many
favorable replies lead the committee to
believe that large delegations will attend
the convention:
Dear Brethren and Sisters: "We greet you In
the name of our Lord nnd Master whose we
are and whom we serve. Fur several years
past we have been holding county and" dis
trict conventions of the Epworth League whi.-h
have proven to be a great Inspiration to our
g 1 pie, better fitting them for their
: ' : the I a! chapter and developing the
nary ppirit for the conquest of this world
i f..r ..ur Christ, Believing that the time has
come for a conferenc ivention, and In ac
mce with the recommendation of the Ep
worth J^eajrue rv.nreronre Committee we have
arrant;!-!] to h"M such convention in this ritv"
commencing Thursday evening, April 21 arid
continuing thmupn to Sunday evening We
ask your earnest co-operation," that this* gath
ering may prove a great spiritual feabt to ull
uur pc
E. }•. DENNETT, Pres. Conf. League
A. w. BELL, Becy. Exec.' Committee.
The opening concert on Thursday
evening, April 21. will be held in Metro
politan Temple, and will be on a grand
scale. Besides a chorus of 250 voices
Miss Nellie Rogers, mezzo-soprano 1
Richard Moyle. barytone; Armand Solo
mon, solo violinist; 11. FJrethorick or
ganist, and Mr. Murdock, pianist, will as
sist in rendering the following pro
gramme of sacred music:
Organ, voluntary, 11. Rretherlck; chorus
"The Heavens are Tellini,-" (Haydn); chorus'
"The Radiant Morn Has Vassed Away" (Wood-
Ward); 8010, selected, Miss Nellie Roger*'
chorus. "Worthy Is the Lamb" (Handel)- ( a )
semi-chorus, female voices; (b) semi-chorus
male voices; (c) semi-chorus, mixed
chorus, "Lead Kindly Light" (Sullivan); cho
rus, "Gloria" 'twelfth mass), (Mozart); violin
soio, selected, Armand Bolomon; barytone solo
Mr. Moyle; chorus, "By Babylon's Wave"
1); chorus, "Hallelujah" (Handel).
The convention will convene in the
Howard Btreet Methodist church be
tween Second and Third streets, Friday
morning. The devotional half hour will
have praise for its dominant note. The
next hour will lie given to a general dis
cussion Of the work of the league— what
has been accomplished, with .short ad
dresses by experienced workers. Round
table conferences will occupy the last
hour of the morning session, the several
>!• i'.-irtmenta meeting in sr-arate sec
tions. At the afternoon session two im
portant papers will be presented, each
followed by discussion; nnd the work of
the afternoon will be concluded with a
grand junior rally, in which it is expect
ed at least one thousand children will
The evening service will open with a
grand praise service, to be followed by
esses on "Christian Citizenship,
and Sociological Relations and Duties of
leaguers."
At the Saturday morning session three
quarters of an hour will lie given to a
genuine league devotional meeting— a sort
of Young People's Methodist love feast.
Two important league topics will then be
presented and discussed, after which
round-table discussion will be continued
In sections.
At 11:15 the delegates will hold separ
ate district meetings for the election of
officers and other necessary business. The
afternoon will be given to recreation and
Bight-seeing;, under the direction of a com
petent and enthusiastic committee.
In the evening, after a brief service of
song, an address will present the neces
sity of a right intellectual life In the
leagues. A second address will present
the normal religious life, and this will
be followed by a special consecration ser
vice.
On Sunday morning there will he sun
rise prayer meetings in a.ll the churches
at 6:30 o'clock, with love feast tit 9:30.
At 11 a. m. it is expected that visiting
delegates will find their way to the vari
ous churches. The Sunday schools will
welcome the visitors, and special pro
grammes will be arranged fur them. Iv i
the afternoon a grand rally will be held,
and at 6 o'clock the leagues will meet
in the various churches; this service will
continue one hour. The regular preaching
service will begin at 7 o'clock, closing at
8:15.
At 8:30 o'clock a grand farewell service
will be held at Metroplltan Temple,
and in all probability will continue until
midnight.
The officers of the conference are: Pres
ident, Rev. E. P. Dennett, S. T. B.; vice
presidents, Napa District. Miss M. Dick
son; Oakland District, Rev. G. W. Beatty;
Sacramento District, George D. Kellogg;
San Francisco District, E. C. Hurlbert;
district presidents, Napa District, Miss
Mary L. Dickson: Oakland District, W.
H. Young; Sacramento District, George
D. Kellogg; San Francisco District, Pro
fessor R. D. Hunt, Ph. D.
The following committees have the work
of the convention in hand:
General Hxecutive— Rev. E. P. Dennett B
D. ; J. N. Beard. D.D. ; C. E. Locke, D.D • C
B. Perkins. R. J. Coyne, Rev. John Stephens,
William Abbott. F. D. Bovard, D.D.; J. D.
Hammond. D. D. ; Mrs. M. C. Smith, A. W
Bell, secretary; H. E. Snook, treasurer.
Programme— J. N. Beard, D.D. ; Rev. A. T.
Needham, D.D. ; L. J. Norton. R. v. Watt.
Music— Rev. John Stephens, J. J. Morris,
Robert Husband, W. C. Stadtfeld, John A.
Lee.
Correspondence— A. W. Bell, Rev. D. W. Chil
son, Miss Ella Krnnett, Miss M. Speakman.
Mrs. J. K. DavldßOti, Miss K. .1. Dornin.
Press-F. D. Bovard, D.1). ; E. R. mile, D.
D. ; J. A. li. Wilson, D.D. ; W. 11. Iliunmon,
A. A. Knox.
Printing— William Abbott.
Tranportatlon— J. D. Hammond, D.D.
Local Committee— C. B. Perkins, chairman;
Charles Coyle, secretary; Reginald Harris,
chairman entertainment committee; Charles
Jacob, chairman re'^ptlon committee; K. J.
Brig.len, chairman registration committo ; ![.
K. Snook, chairman hall? and decoration com
mittee, Dr. T I» Ashworth, chairman ushers;
Miss Hattle Merriam, chairman badge commit-
te«; R. J. Coyne, chairman recreation commlt
lee; O. A. Llr.dstrum. twfjish Church; Mis.
M. C. Smith. East Oakland; J. W. Madrlll,
Oakland: Ernest Angwin, West Oakland; B. L.
Weymuuth, Alameda.
A GREAT CHANCE
FOR HOUSEWIVES
Two New Features of the Ap
proaching Masonic
Festival.
A Complete Kitchen and Bath and
Dressing- Room for Some
Lucky Ones.
Two more merchants have come to the
front with aid for the Masonic festival,
each with a donation that will arouse
the unanimous interest of the house
wives, and will be the source of many
golden dollars to the fund. W. W. Mon
tague & Co. will fit up a kitchen com
plete in every detail, and Holbrook, Mer
rill & Stetson will furnish a bath room
and iln-ssiriK room.
The kitchen will have a fine range, a
tiled sink, a table with a place for every
thing upon it, and pots and kettles and
pans enough to stock a restaurant. The
whole outfit will go to some lucky house
wife for a dollar, and at the close of the
festival a plumber will call and put it
in place in her kitchen.
The bath room and dressing room will
be fitted up in the finest style, and there
will be nothing wanting which should bo
there. The bath and dressing set will
also go to some one who is lucky, and
doubly fortunate is he or she who may
happen to get moth.
Friday night of the festival has been
set apart for California Commandory,
and a programme is being arranged that
will make it a memorable one. The com
mandcry in full regalia will be escorted
into the Pavilion by the uniformed organ
ization. There will be a dress parade by
the commandery, Captain K. p. Murlbuft
in command, ana then there will be a
flag raising in the presence of a regiment
01 troops, and then General W. JI. L
Barnes will deliver an oration on "The
Flag." The general has promised, too,
thai his effort Wi i be worthy of the oc
casion.
After the oration there will be a pa
triotic drill by twenty-four young ladies,
under command of Captain Hurlburt, who
is noxr training them.
The festival postoffice has been organ
ized, with Charles L. Patton as p'.st
master-general, Louis Roesch assistant
and Miss Amy Cellarius and Miss Voor-
Banger as postmistresses.
The ladles of Southern California have
inaugurated a plan that will certainly
help the festival considerably. Flowers
and fruits are to be sent up daily from
now until the festival is closed, and these
flowers will be distributed in all parts of
the city and will be sold at reasonable
prices. Mrs. Mary E. Drake of Redlands
has undertaken to do much of this work
in Southern California. She has sent
over 100 telegrams to various ladies' in
Southern California, and most of them
have responded, agreeing to send these
flowers at their own expanse.
Mrs. H. J. Sadler of Golden Gate Com
mandery will have an Egyptian booth at
the festival, and will have a series of
wise ones who will tell fortunes Mrs
Jessie Mills and Mrs. C. M. Plum have
secured a great many sofa pillows with
the various emblems of the order, and
these pillows will be in a separate booth
Officer Holland's Will.
The will of Police Officer Poter Hol
land, who died a few days ago, has been
liled for probate. Holland left an estate
valued at $10,000, and by the terms of the
will it is to be distributed among his rel
atives after the payment of $25u each to
Captalfi A. J. Dunleavy, Properly Clork
James Moran and Offlcer Matt Manor,
who are named as executors.
Want the Tracks Keraoved.
Bush street property owners, residing
between Broderick and Lyon streets, hftve
petitioned the Supervisors for the removal
of tho tracks at tlie crossings of the vari
ous streets mentioned.
JAMES A. HERNE
ON HENRY GEORGE
The Author- Actor Believes That
Single Tax Will Free
the World.
Described a3 Ono Who Pointed Out
the Way to the World's
Welfare.
James A. Heine, the well-known author
and actor, lectured at Metropolitan
Temple yesterday afternoon on "Henry
George and Single Tax." There was a
fair attendance, most of the audience
being women.
The speaker was introduced by Henry
George Jr., who is lure for the purpose
of gathering data for a life of his father.
Mr. George, who is a pleasing speaker,
said that it was a sad meeting for him,
because it brought vividly before him the
night, twenty years ago, when he heard
his father make a speech from the same
platform, then dedicating his life to the
cause which took it in the end. He took
great pleasure In introducing Mr. Herne
as a prominent advocate of single tax,
and one who was for years his father's
friend.
Mr. Herne speaks in a simple, conversa
tional tone, something like that which la
Well known to the public in "Shore
Acres" and "The Hearts of Oak." Hi 9
lecture showed wide reading and a tech
nical knowledge of economics.
"Henry George came as a message
bearer," he said, "teaching the blind how
to see. I am one of the blind he taught.
He told and proved that witnout free
land there is no such thing as free men
and liberty."
He described Henry George as a fine
type of the Jeffersonian democrat, a man
who had firm convictions about the rights
of the masses and who was not afraid to
criticize affairs in the busy world.
"In IS7I he turned his X-rays on soci
ety," said the speaker, "and ten years
later he gave it the fruits of his great
discoveries, showing how men may free
themselves and how the masses and the
millionaires may be handled for the ben
efit of the whole people." In conclusion
he prophesied that the doctrines of
George would finally free the human race.
Programme of the Tournament.
The most important business transacted
at the regular meeting of the San Fran
dsco Fly Casting Club, held in the Mills
building Wednesday night, was the adop
tion of the following plan, reported by
the executive, for the "Open to the World
Fly Casting Tournament," to be held at
Stow Lake September 9 and 10, this year.
There will be seven events, namely:
First, long distance casting with heavy
rod; second, distance and accuracy at 50,
55 and 60 foot buoys; third, delicacy and
accuracy at 35, »40 and 45 foot buoys;
fourth, Luer casting, with a half-ounce
rubber frog, for accuracy at 60, 70, SO, 90
and 100 foot buoys. Luer casting, with
half-ounce rubber frog, for distance, said
event to be upon lawn in a court 200 feet
long and feet Wide, down the center
of which a tape line will be extended its
full length; each contestant will be al
lowed five casts and the result will be
obtained by die percentage made in the
total. Sixth, long distance casting, with
nve-ounce rod; seventh, roll casting at 40
45 and 50 foot buoys.
A diamond medal of the value of $75
will be offered as the championship prize
in each event. In addition there will be
valuable merchandise prizes for the sec
md Including the sixth place. The
value of the medals and prizes will ag
•>■ about $1200.
There will be club team contests in the
following events: Long distance with
heavy rod; distance and accuracy; deli
and accuracy; mil casting and Luer
casting at buoys. The San Fraj
ciuii and any recognized fly casting club
t" enter two of their members in the
team contests. The club furnishing the
winning team to be entitled to a trophy
offered by Mr. Bogart, and to be known
as the "Bogart Trophy." The winning
team to hold Itself ready to defend its
possession in anjfcopen tournament, upon
due notice and challenge, from any of
the competing teams for two years The
trophy must be won twice by the samo
club to become its property.
:• casting is something new to the
coast, and is introduced particularly for
the mason that black buss fishing will
soon become a prominent feature in Cal
ifornia fishing. Luer casting is dona
entirely from the reel.
Cortland Avenue Club.
Cortland Avenue Improvement Club,
representing 2000 residents and with a
club membership of 130, which organiza
tion owns and built its hail in one day,
held a rousing meeting Wednesday night.'
The question of extending Folsom from
Precita avenue to Cortland avenue wa»
discussed in all its bearings, and the re
port of the City Surveyor as to the
amount of cutting to be done, as also the
________ ADVERTISEMENTS.
-B-B-B-B-H-B-B-B-H-B-H-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-B-H-H-
CURED AFTER ALL OTHER
REMEDIES HAD FAILED.
Dr. Sanden's Belt Is a Grand Remedy.
■ ■
It Cures by Toning Up All Organs of the Body—lt Fills the
Weakened Parts With Electric Energy.
/T \. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
/ N> I>R- A. T. SANDEN— Dear Sir: I have proven the truth of the old
Wsf «fl a(3a S e "It's never too late to mend," for when I bought your Belt a year
ipf 4fiflw^P^9S^ W aS laSt June 1 WaS m ° St miserable, suffering from Epilepsy, Rheuma-
m Wv^ *Te1B» i tiSm ' Varlcocele and a general broken-down feeling. I could not sleep
HI fiT-">, TST t^lff i nights and felt discouraged. I did not follow your directions, as I had
&m IB* 33 ) V* *$y 0 n o conveniences to carry thorn out, but lam thankful to- say that your
§||!;. \ Lr> Jy JM Belt nas done all you claim for it and has cured me after all other
|||||v \ "^5?" T Mm remedies had failed. I now sleep well, my Rheumatism has entirely left
WP^^ Vo- ! Jg|9|l mG and my Varlcocele is cured. Before wearing your Belt I would some-
' ' i^-— "^"' LtffiPp^^ timeS S ° for three or four days and nights without sleeping a wink and
[,'yT^ '^fIHP '■ become completely exhausted. After wearing your Belt two months I
'A&^M^sHt f am> tnanks to God and your wonderful appliance, an entirely new man.
\%ma&{i?^Js^L $0? 1 feel twenty y ears younger and would not part with your Belt for a lot
2jfi&3?.i± y' ""T^Ss — '■/^^ of money - - 1 loan ed my Belt to several friends and they all were benefited
. ■ \^z:~'%%ffi "* by the triaJ - - 1 will cheerfully recommend your Belt to all sufferers and
■£? 2s!ws\ &■ ■** you can use my name as reference. Yours very gratefully,
7 /]/ ] i ' JAMES McCASKIE, No. 563 Mission st.
Electricity Cures All Disease.
The cause of disease — of the breaking down of the stomach, liver, kidneys, nerves and vital organs — is the
ack of power to run them vigorously. The human body is like an engine— it is run by the power of the nervous
system. This power is electricity. Sickness comes when this electricity is exhausted by excesses and bad usage.
Regain it and you get back your health. Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt will fill your nervous system with electrical
energy all it can hold of it — every day.
DR. SANDEN GIVES AWAY A BOOK WORTH $100.— This book, "Three Classes of Men," shows how
vitality is wasted by youthful errors, excesses and otherwise. It tells how the power can be regained. It does away
with drugs and uses Nature's own remedy, electricity, to build up vigorous men and women. Get it to-day, free.
Call and see this famous belt if possible.
SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., 632 marke s t a § t p prr rr e a e t c ' 1SC o. *^~=7"
NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— 632 MARKET STREET. these Belts which falls
Office hours— S a. m. to 8 p. m. ; Sundays. 10 to 1. Branches at I^os Angeles, Cal., 204£ to generate a current of
South Broadway; Portland, Or.. 253 Washington st.; Denver, Colo., 931 Sixteenui st. ; Dallas, Electricity
Tex., 255 Main St. V ; '-.".''; : ■■ ■ - ' . . .: 1 ;
m -» ■ ■ '■ ■ ■ in ■ ■■■■■ ■ ■ ■ fc ■■ ■•> « ■'■ ■ ■ ■' ■
MISS EFFIE BONDE.
Miss Effle Bond©, a talented young amateur on the histrionic stage, will ap
pear this evening in the comedy drama "A Mexican Romance," at Odd Fel
lows' Hall. The occasion is an entertainment to be given by the Pacific Coast
Association of Native Sons of Vermont. Miss Bonde will take the part of Miss
Margaret Headway, one of the leading roles, and It will give her plenty of op
portunity to display her talents. Mr. Bert Morrison will take the leading role of
Captain Jack Wilding. After the perfoimance there will be dancing.
probable expense, was considered by the
property owners out of whose pockets the
amount must come, as the city will not
be called upon to contribute anything to
this improvement. The necessity of hav
ing a chemical engine stationed in the
vicinity was discussed, and a request will
be made to the Supervisors to have one
stationed there.
To Trot on Decoration Day.
The directors of the Golden Gate Park
Driving Club met in the Palaco Hotel
Tuesday evening to arrange for a meeting
of trotting horses at Ingleside track on
Decoration Day.
President J. C. Klrkpatrlck presided and
F. W. Thompson acted as secretary. The
meeting was merely a preliminary one
and resulted in nothing more than a gen
eral discussion of what was best to be
done and the proposals and consideration
of various plans for making the event at
tractive to lovers of good trotting races.
Old Friends Barbecue.
At a meeting of the Old Friends held
last night, with Judge J. C. Campbell
presiding, it was unanimously decided to
have a barbecue in Wildwood Glen Sau
sallto, on Monday. May 30, Decoration
day. Fifty-ono new members were added
to the roll at the meeting last night.
FAINTS WHEN THE
VERDICT IS READ.
Town Trustee Schomberg Gets a
Verdict for SIO,OOO Against the
Los Gatos Mail.
SAN JOSE. April 14.— The libel suit of
Henry Schomberg against W. S. Walker,
editor of the Los Gatos Mall, for $10,000
damages, was to-day decided in favor of
plaintiff and the costs taxed to defend
ant. Schomberg fainted when the ver
dict was read.
The suit arose over a communication
published in the Mall insinuating that
money had been used in the Board of
Town Trustees, of which Schomberg is
a member, in the securing of town con
tracts. A number of witnesses for the
defense testified that the charges made
were regarded as a joke, but the plaintiff
could not see it in that light.
TWO GENTLE
LITTLE TEMBLORS
They Caused Apprehension to
Nervous People, but Did
No Damage.
Slight Disturbances Felt In This
City and Outlying Dis
tricts.
Mother earth gently heaved her bosem
again last night, and for awhile nervous
people were in dread of another such
shock as that which wrought havoc a
few weeks ago. But it was nothing so
serious this time, and while the former
shock was like the struggles of a mad
dened beast the two temblors last night
were but as sighs from the breast of a
weary mother— a gentle titillation which
Bent gas fixtures and hanging signs
swaying and caused the crockery in
closets to jingle.
There were two distinct Ehocks, the
first at 10:53, and the second at 11:07, but
they were of short duration and smooth
and gentle, none of the ugly pitching and
rocking which characterized the former
shocks being noticeable. They were ft It
for miles around in the surrounding coun
try, but no heavier than here. As far
south as San Jose and up to Port Costa
light shocks were noticed.
Many people, remembering the violence
of the last shocks, feared a repetition
and hurried out of their houses, and the
streets were soon filled with anxious citi
zens, w r ho held their very breaths for
fear. As the excitement from the first
shock was about dying out the second
one came, but it created little apprehen
sion, as people seemed by that time to
have become accustomed to an occasional
prank of the immovable earth and had
begun to think there was nothing serious
in an earthquake after all.
56
FRIDAY ■: APRIL 15, 1898
JOHN D. ECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE MarKet and Third Sts.. S. F
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL ROOMS ...JUT to 221 Stevenson Street
Telephone Main 1874.
THE «AN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) Is
served by carriers In trjls city and surrounding towns
for 13 cents a weeK- By mall $6 per year; per month
65 cents. -■':';■
THE WEEKLY CALL.... One year, by mall. $1.50
— —^— — ' - .■■,«■■■ '.
OAKLAND OFFICE 908 Broadway
NEW YORK OFFICE .Room 188. World Building
DAVID ALLEN. Advertising Representative.
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE Rig** Houso
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CWCAGO OFFICE Marquette Bonding
C. GEORGE KROGNESS. Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S2T Montgomery street, corner Clay,
open until 9-.30 o'clock 387 Hayes street, open until
920 o'clock. 621 .McAllister street, open until 9--30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9-.30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street, open uoUl 10 o'clock- 8291 Market
street, oomer Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- £518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- IO« Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1006 Polk street, open
until 920 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
*«ntodur jfreetjt. cp«n untu 9 o'dodu
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "A Stranjrer In New York."
Columbia — "Shore Acres "
California— "Old Lavender."
Alcazar— "The Stranpe Adventures of Miss Browiv"
Moropco's— '■Pavements of New York."
livoll— "Sinbad the Sailor."
Orpheuro— Vaudeville.
Sherman & Clay's Hall— Paloma Schramm. this afternoon.
Y. M. C. A. H:i)l-"The Passion Play."
The Chutes-Zoo, Vaudeville. Wallace, "Untamable Lion."
Olympla— Corner Mason and Eddy streets, Specialties.
California Jockey ("lun, Oakland— Races.
E! Cttnpo— MuSiO. tuim'.nj; [matin?, nshinp, every Sunday,
AUCTION SALES.
By N. E. Clark— This day, April 15, Turkish Rugs, at 106
Grant avenne .it i o'clock.
THE LAW NO LONGER MOCKED.
TIME was, and not long ago, when to murder
a man in California involved less risk of any
punishment save that of conscience than did the
stealing of a ham. It may fairly be said that this time
has passed. Now when murderous passion is given
free rein there follows with reasonable promptness a
trial, and. with reasonable certainty, the guilty is
found guilty, the punishment is administered. Delay
has gone out of favor; the senseless and irritating
technicality is no longer tolerated. Several men are
now in the penitentiary' under sentence of death, and
they do not expect to escape. They are acute
enough students of events to know that they went too
late into the business of assassination. Once con
demnation would have meant nothing but the begin
ning of a series of trials. Now it means the paying of
a bitter penalty.
The reason for this change is not hard to trace.
The struggle to keep Durrant from the gallows was
fought with all the ardor of the interested advocate,
all the subtlety that technical construction of the
statute could devise, and yet in the end effort proved
futile. When Durrant went through the trap he car
ried with him the hope of many a bloody-minded
wretch. It was believed then, and months have
showed the soundness of the belief, that the execution
of Durrant would produce marked and beneficial
results. These are already appearing. Before long
the steady processions to the gallows must have vis
ible effect upon the persons wont, in the firm convic
tion that no punishment would follow, to indulge
homicidal tendencies. The record of criminal his
tory shows that there is nothing so disliked by the
murderer as to be hanged, and, given in advance the
assurance that such a fate awaits him, he will stay his
hand.
NEEDS MEDICAL ATTENTION.
> HERE is a Madrid editor who is in a peculiar
state of mind, and probably threatened with a
touch of fever. As a reasonable measure of pre
caution he ought at least to call in a doctor. He
shows in the following that something is the matter
with him:
"We laugh while our teeth clinch, the bile turns
in our stomachs, anger heats our blood and our
hands instinctively seek an avenging weapon."
Now there is nothing in the condition portrayed
to cause a sane man to laugh. On the contrary, he
ought to grow serious, turn his editorial duties over
to the office boy and go home. A man who laughs
when the bile within him has turned has more to
fear than a disordered liver. He is already touched
by paresis. This in itself, however, may be no par
ticular disadvantage to an editor in Madrid. Per
haps the yellow journal thrives there too.
Laughing through clenched teeth is also a sign of
the abnormal. No genuine mirth is that which comes
hissing from between the incisors. It is a poorly dis
guised anathema. But to laugh while the blood is
boiling in the veins and the hand reaching for a
weapon is the worst of all. In the whole world there
is only one person privileged to do this, and he is the
stage villain. It is his right to begin operations by
ejaculating "S'death" and to finish up with a mocking
"ha ha," this last marking the instant when he sticks
a knife into the back of unsuspecting virtue.
In the kindest of fraternal spirit, and with all pos
sible abhorrence of slang, we counsel the Madrid
editor to soak his head.
The fact that no news as to naval movements is to
be given out hereafter will have no visible effect upon
the yellow press. It has not depended upon the Navy
Department for its "news," and, indeed, has given
that department much information of a surprising
character. If Secretary Long wants to keep track of
his boats he will have to direct a sharp watch on the
Saffron War-Cryer.
Spaniards are said to regard the armistice as a
clever piece of diplomacy, but it is not easy to see
how a trick so transparent can deserve such a charac
terization. Rather it was meant for diplomacy and
turned out to be a bit of buncombe.
Blanco's justly celebrated armistice is very iike the
commutation of sentence a murderer might issue to
himself while on the way to the gallows. It might
comfort the murderer some and in no way delay the
execution.
If anything had been needed to cause this country
to have entire confidence in Fitzhugh Lee the Span
ish papers are supplying it. They are doing him the
compliment to try to impugn his veracity.
It may be set down as a safe proposition that any
measure receiving the approval of Ragan, Drucker
and Waller is not designed for the betterment ; of the
school*, --^
GETTING IN LINE.
THE House fairly lined up with the President.
It was a little mixed in getting there, but it ar
rived, with no more serious incident than the
use of a bound copy of the Congressional Record as
a concealed weapon to determine a question of
veracity. In this there was nothing incendiary, and at
last all but nineteen members voted for the resolu
tion, which conforms as nearly as possible to the
President's policy.
The fact that the minority, after days of embit
tered comment on the message and criticism of the
President that overwent the bounds of decency, fell
in and supported the resolution is very significant.
They are mindful of public opinion and have had time
to hear from the country and to know that the peo
ple are with the President. General Fitzhugh Lee
came home, to make his progress to Washington
through a lane of cheering Americans that stretched
from the Gulf to the Potomac, and when he came to
advise Congress it was to the effect that the Presi
dent was right in counseling that body not to recog
nize Cuban independence under the existing so-called
republic. The yellow sheet in this city, which be
comes more flippant and disloyal in its comments in
proportion as its ignorance fails to grasp the situa
tion, indulges in the incendiary headline, "Congress
Surrenders to the President," and at the same time
editorially commends Lee, knowing that Lee advised
against recognition of the Cuban insurgents' govern
ment and counseled precisely in line with the Presi
dent.
In the excitement of the hour some of the people
may fail to notice this policy of hypocrisy and de
ceit, but it will become common knowledge before
long.
One is amazed at the faulty and fatal leadership of
the minority in Congress which induces its following
to denounce in the most torrid terms a policy which
in less than a day it also leads them to vote. The
party in the country which that minority is supposed
to represent will grow tired of such folly. That party
was in precisely such a way led during the Civil War
into the wilderness of defeat, where it wandered for
more than half of forty years.
The President and the House now stand together
on the Cuban issue as an American question solely.
If war is the best for American honor and interests
there will be war, and it will be fought to the right
conclusion by American pluck and valor. The House
and the President have isolated Spain. In her inter
national horizon there is no ray of hope for an al
liance with any Continental power. The policy of
the minority would remove her isolation and give her
allies.
Judge Maguire, by a strange inversion, if not per
version, of reasoning, says that the House action, for
which he voted, invites European intervention, when
that is just what it prevents.
Intervention may be offered whether invited or not.
If offered it will be declined because no European
question is raised. If Spain treat the House action as
a cause of war, it is a cause that raises up for her no
allies. If her dismemberment occur as an incident of
such war, as it will, the fault is hers, not ours.
But if we begin with a demand for her dismember
ment and make her refusal a cause for declaring war
against her, the whole cleavage of the issue is
changed. It then becomes a European question and
she would probably find allies.
The country intends to stand by the President and
Lee, who stand together.
THE STATE UNIVERSITY.
tZIJROM reports submitted at the recent meeting of
■ the Board of Regents it appears that the affairs
*■ of the State University are in a flourishing con
dition, and that the outlook for its improvement in
many ways is most excellent.
In the first place it was noted that the endowment
fund is now valued at $1,941,000, and while there are
some fears of a diminution of this by reason of a
possible depreciation in the value of real estate, the
prospects that the fund will soon reach the $2,000,000
are most excellent. Public interest in the university
is increasing, and donations are likely to increase with
it at an equal ratio.
An evidence of this increase of public interest in the
institution is afforded by the fact that the meeting was
called upon to consider no less than three donations,
two of them being of considerable value. These
were the donation of J. K. Moffitt of $100 to be used
in the purchase of books for the library, that of the
Alaska Commercial Company of an almost priceless
collection of Alaskan articles, and that of Mrs.
Phebe Hearst of a sum of money amounting to
nearly $12,000 to defray the cost of a needed addition
to the mining laboratory.
Another pleasing feature of the meeting was the
letter from Professor Keeler accepting the appoint
ment as director of the Lick Observatory. The name
of the professor has already been associated with the
observatory by reason of the work which he per
formed there while acting under Director Holden,
and his coming, therefore, will not be regarded as in
any sense the importation of an outsider, even if such
an importation were objectionable.
In his acceptance the professor reminded the re
gents that he is a Californian by affinity, inasmuch as
his father was a forty-niner, but this claim was not
necessary. The professor was himself one of the
pioneers of the observatory and did much to give it
an early prestige in the world of science, and it is for
that reason as well as for his fitness for the position
that he will receive a welcome to his new office, not
from the regents only, but from all Californ^ns who
know his abilities, and on that knowledge base a
hope of increased repute both for himself and the ob
servatory while he fulfills the duties of its director-in
chief.
Taking all things into consideration, it is evident
that the new movement in the university which be
gan a short time ago is rapidly advancing. When the
great plan of arranging for new and stately buildings
and ornamental grounds has been definitely decided
upon and the full scope of it is made public, the long
expected new era of the university will be at hand.
State patriotism and private munificence will then
unite to make the institution the foremost of its kind
in America, and not inferior to any in the world.
According to the English Consul at Havana
Americans remaining in that city are in no danger.
It must be remembered that the American flag hav
ing ceased to fly there, a great source of irritation has
been removed.
According to an English critic such ships as the
lowa and Indiana are for the purpose of tickling the
imagination. Yet the Spanish are an imaginative
people, and they do not seem to be tickled the least
liitle bit.
Spain regards Weyler as a hero. This country
looks upon him as a scoundrel who deserves to be
: hanged. There is reason to fear that an understand-
L £?!?£ will be difficult to reach. -^
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
THE CIVIL SERVICE COMMISSION
AN esteemed correspondent calls our attention to
the fact that in presenting a statement of the
prerogatives which will be exercised by the
Mayor under the proposed new charter we have
omitted to mention that among the administrative
bodies to be appointed by him there is a Civil Service
Commission. It is the opinion of our correspondent
that this was an important oversight. He thinks that
the Civil Service Commission will provide the Mayor
with a key to the entire municipal situation, as
through it he may confer respectability upon his po
litical machinists and foist them upon even those
heads of departments who may attempt to resist his
will.
Our correspondent, however, is mistaken in think
ing that we unintentionally omitted to name the Civil
Service Commission as one of the administrative
bodies which are to be appointed by the Mayor. We
ignored that board with malice aforethought. To
our mind the commission as outlined in the charter
is certain to prove a useless expense, if not a laugh
able farce. Its members are to be chosen by a Mayor
who will control practically the entire municipal gov
ernment. How a thing thus created could stand be
tween the powerful Mayor embodied by the charter
and the political patronage of the city is a
problem which time could solve in only one way.
It is our opinion that the first, or at least the second,
Mayor elected under the proposed new charter would
refuse to appoint any Civil Service Commission at
all, for undoubtedly sharp lawyers could find some
rational excuse for advising that the whole scheme
is impracticable or invalid. But even if the commis
sion were regularly appointed and its work carried
out, nothing could prevent the selection of adherents
of the mayoralty machine.
We did not include the appointment of the Gvil
Service Commission among the important functions
to be performed by the Mayor under the proposed
new charter for the reason that we regard it as a use
less appendage to the government — a mere sop to the
reform element which the politicians would subvert
or refuse to execute. Even if the Civil Service Com
mission under the charter were a practicable body it
would never be able to stand up against the pressure
certain to be exerted from the outside to overturn its
rules. We all know that the politicians in "doing"
politics trade offices — State, Federal, municipal and
county. The commission would have to resist not
only the influence of the political bosses of this city,
but that of the bosses of the State and adjacent towns.
It never could survive the ordeal, no matter how well
intentioned its members might be nor how deter
mined to perform their duty.
If the first Mayor created by the charter did not
laugh the commission to scorn, even if he were forced
by public opinion to appoint three men who would
attempt to execute its powers in good faith, it would
be because he was not a humorist.
THE INVASION OF MflNCriUßlfl.
AN article in a recent number of the Nineteenth
Century by a prominent British officer ex
plains to some extent the anxiety manifested
in England at the operations of the Russians in Man
churia. Recent news indicates that the designs of
the British upon this province are being to some ex
tent threatened by the persistency with which Rus
sians are pushing their way eastward. Sir William
Harcourt once said that England has no great trade
interests in countries where the people wear no
clothes. It is not surprising, therefore, that English
men should be more anxious about affairs in China
at the present time, where the people wear clothing,
than about occurrences in Africa, where the colored
population usually appear in society quite unadorned.
Captain Yountrhusband, the British officer to whom
reference has been made, states that the greatest
forests and the best timber left untouched on earth
are located in Manchuria; navigable rivers traverse
the land in all directions; there are rich mineral de
posits, soil that yields readily to cultivation and a
hardy population of about 20,000,000 which has never
been fleeced by the Caucasians. The captain esti
mates that Manchuria would easily support double
the number of people who now inhabit it, and he does
not wonder that all the western nations are casting
covetous eyes upon it. Certainly British trade in such
a locality must have high possibilities, and that Eng
land should sit down and see the country overwhelmed
by the Russians is out of the usual order.
What is to come from the Russian invasion, how
ever, is yet to appear. The latest" news indicates that
the Russians have actual possession of the north of
the province and are in control of the principal sea
ports. There is no doubt that by building a few rail
roads and scattering a few traders over the country
they will ultimately gain control of everything. The
Chinese are too weak to oppose them, and it is not
exactly plain how the British are going to place ob
stacles in their way.
It must be noted that in plundering the weak na
tions of the Orient the Caucasians of the west are
exceedingly punctilious. They always have a valid
excuse for their movements and take possession of
property that does not belong to them only after
careful deliberation. There is but one ground upon
which the British can march upon Manchuria, how
ever, and that is that they are better "civilizers" than
the Russians, which is probably true.
School Director Waller seems to have an uncon
trollable faculty of placing himself on exhibition. He
cannot realize that he is at his best in repose, and in
a state of activity constitutes an unpleasant display.
Before this little affair shall be finally settled there
will be a general understanding that the practice of
expelling American Consuls on penalty of death
does not meet with the approval of this country.
For some unaccountable reason the Cisneros
woman has not come forward with an opinion. Pos
sibly the people who found her have had the great
good fortune to lose her again.
By the vigor with which the Spanish papers attack
thr message it is apparent that the document has
points of merit which Americans may have over
locked in a hasty first reading.
Mr. Huntington's boast that he will be good for
thirty years yet could perhaps have been more cor
rectly phrased. He means evidently that he will last
for that length of time.
Three highwaymen tried to rob a groceryman, and
the row he raised about it resulted in their capture.
The up-to-date groceryman does not keep his sand
in the sugar.
Evidently the colored troops remember that they
have the reputation of having fought nobly, and pro
pose to live up to it if given the chance.
- Mr. Hanna seems to enjoy life under the shadow of
, bis : own olive branch,/ :* -r ----—; --- : v■£ "-^4 I
-■ -— — — "^ ii *■ ■< ■" i»/ ___ |r \*
■-■-„•-■ ■ " ~ ,
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL
- _ HO is the most beautiful woman in all the Western States? Most
1 Ijj / likely y°u have your own idea on this subject, but you might find
111 trouble in getting others to agree with you.
\^J The directors of the Omaha Exposition thought this way when
they decided to have the features of the loveliest women in all the
West on the Medallion that is to commemorate the big fair. But
the directors were equal to the occasion. They decided to make a
composite of all the combined loveliness in the West and let it be a repre
sentative of our womanhood. This work has already been started. In fact,
is pretty well under way. Many of the beauties from some States have al
ready been decided upon. There will be some beautiful pictures of them
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
And you can find out all about how the work is being conducted by reading
the article that accompanies them.
There is one young lady in this city who had longings to be a man. As
she could not change her sex she decided to change her clothes and go
through life in masculine attire. She tried it for a while, but soon repented
of her act and went back to skirts. The reasons that caused her to change
her mind are all given
Of course you are interested in the Paris Exposition. Everybody is. To
be sure, everything is not yet finished in the gay French capital, but the
architects, decorators and designers have all their plans made, so that they
know exactly how it is going to look. If you want to know all about this
and also a number of other things connected with the fair,
READ NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
"Love and the Capello" Is the title of as pretty a story as you ever read. It
is by a well-known author and will be published complete
Were you ever nearly run over by an electric car, and did you feel like
killing the motorman? Did it ever occur to you that he Is not always to
blame for accidents, and that very, very frequently he saves the llvee of
careless people?
Well, that's the way the motorman looks at It In a good many Instances.
At any rate, there Is his side to the story and he has a right to tell it He
has been given this chance and
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
You can read about how it feels to be i» constant danger of Injuring
people. You will find out that the motorman is not such a bad fellow
after all.
There has recently been discovered not a thousand miles from this city
a most wonderful petrified forest. It differs from any known natural won
der of this kind in the fact that many of the tree trunks of considerable
height are standing. There will be some fine pictures of this interesting re
gion and a splendid description of it
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
The recent discovery by The Call expedition of the long lost turquoise
mines of the Aztecs and the wonderful hieroglyphics on the rocks near by
has aroused the greatest interest in this subject. There are other rock
writings in many parts of our country, and they will be carefully sum
marized
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,.
And these will not be all. There will be pages of other special features
and dozens of beautiful pictures. The latest gossip about books and authors
will be unusually interesting and the Fashion page will be strictly up to date.
Right from Paris, in fact. So, if you want the best there is to be had iri
the way of reading, be sure to get
NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL,.
COLLECTED IN
W. J. Kendrick and wife are at the
Grand.
Maurice Blum of Vacaville is at the
Baldwin.
T. G. Palmer from Chicago is at the
California.
M. Warren from Boston is a guest at
the Occidental.
Samuel Kahn, a merchant of Cincinnati,
is at the Palace.
Mrs. Charles A. Adams of New York is
at the California.
T. W. Johnson of Sacramento is regis
tered at the Grand.
J. O. Beall, a large fruit man of Fresno,
is a guest at the Lick.
Hugh Foy. a big contractor of Seattle,
is a guest at the Grand.
John Cross, a business man of Los
Angeles, is at the Palace.
Thomas Hender, one of the Supervisors
of Sonora, is at the Lick.
James Gallagher, an attorney of Fresno,
is registered at the Grand.
J. M. Keogh, a cattleman from Salt
Lake City, is at the Lick.
Mr. and Mrs. Wakefleld Baker have
taken rooms at the California.
The following
letter, which is
self -explanatory,
was received yes
terday by one of
the leading mili
tia officers from a
correspondent in
HIS WIFE
THE ONLY
OBSTACLE.
one of the interior counties. To judge by
the tone of the epistle the writer would
be a first-class recruit to send down to
Cuba.
"Dere Sir: My kid. who kin read with
the best uf them, tells me that there air
some sort of trouble between this here
country and Spain.
"Now, I ain't a doin' any blowin', but
I fit all through sixty-one to sixty-five,
an 1 have been a-killin" skunks, wildcats
an' every other kind of varmint ever
sinse. I am over 60, but that don't count,
for I kin do my forty miles a day jest
as well as ever. If there is a-goin' ter
be trouble count me in an' send me word
to postoffice. It is twenty miles
over there, b\it you will have ter send
the letter there so my ole woman won't
git it, fur if she does she will jest raise
hell, an" I daren't go. But send the letter
to the place I say an' I will slip her an'
come. You may think I ant no man ter
be afeared uf a woman an' that you don't
want my kind. You don't no the par
ticular ole woman I am a-speakin' uf.
Hopin' ter hear frum you soon. I am
yours truly,
'•p. S.— l kin bring my own rifle, knlve
and other fixings, so you won't have ter
put up nothin' but grub."
The officer who received the letter,
ewears that if he is ordered to the front,
that particular old fellow shall go with
him if he bus to charter a special train
to get him.
James T. Phelps of Boston, accompanied
by his wife and daughter, is at the Pal
ace.
Mr. and Mrs. T. J. Field of Monterey,
together with their son, are staying at the
Palace.
William H. Alford, the chairman of the
State Central Democratic Committee, is
a guest at the California.
V^mong the late arrivals at the Occi
dental is Benjamin Olcovich, a large
coffee planter of Salvador.
Charles H. Fairall, an attorney of
Stockton, and F. Rosendale. a merchant
of Tulare, are both registered at the
Grand.
J. J. Gill and daughter of Steubenville,
Ohio, are guests at the Palace. Mr. Gill is
the largest lamp chimney manufacturer in
the world.
David T. Day, the mining expert con
nected with the geological survey, who
is to take charge of the mining exhibit
at the Omaha exposition, is at the Palace,
where he arrived yesterday from Wash
ington, D. C.
H. R. Cooper, the well-known sta
ioner, who is registered at the Shore-
ham, in Washington, D. C, will return
home in a few days, accompanied by
Mr. and Mrs. George E. Morse, who have
for some time been the guests of Pres
ident and Mrs. McKinley. During his
stay in Washington Mr. Cooper was en
tertained at the White House, and by
Secretary Long, who favored him with
a sail on the Potomac. He was also one
of a theater party comprising Vice-Pres
ident and Mrs. Hobart, Judge and Mrs.
Day, General Lee. Mr. and Mrs. Morse,
Miss Barber and Miss Isabel McKenna.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
y. NEW . YORK, April 14.— Jerome B. Lin
coln ;of San Francisco ; is at the Holland
House. Z Slg Mills of : San Francisco is : at
the Gilsey House. I W. W. .Wright of ; San
Jose is at Hotel ; Marl borough. Frank C
Chase ' of • Pasadena "is " at ; . the " Empire
.go** -^
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
IN NEXT SUNDAY'S CALL.
ThjE REAL OLD WABASH-
There Is trouble now along the hostile Wabash
tv n ,i l P' a > -S the yer V dickens with the song,
me old mother stands not waiting in the door
way,
For her legs are not twelve feet or over long.
There are waves around the home, but not of
cornfields.
The waving cornfields linger there no more.
The angry waters came along and swiped them.
And they're scattered down the old Ohio's
shore.
Oh, the moonlight may be fair along the Wa
bash,
And the sunlight may be ditto through the
day.
But beneath the waters of a new spring ocean
Are the banks of the Wabash far away.
'Twas perhaps an angry providence that did It,
Sent the raging waters scurrying along
In the hope the sweeping flood might catch
the author
Who had dared enshrine the fragrant stream
in song.
But the man who wrote the verselets dwells
in safety
In a tavern on a city's busy street-
He had never even seen the dirty Wabash
Or his muselet would have kicked with both
her feet.
Yes, the moonlight's fair to-night along the
■\Vabash,
But it snifteth not the breath of new mown
hay,
For there"s half a dozen feet of surplus water
O'er the banks of the Wabash far away.
— Denver Post.
WARS OF THE REPUBLIC,
PREBLE TUCKER, writing in the
New York Sun, speaks as follows of
the war records of the United States
and other great nations of the world:
It may not be inopportune at this time,
when certain timorous ones are express
ing doubts as to a war between the
United States and Spain, to look up our
fighting record, as the sporting fraternity
would put it.
From the Declaration of Independence
to the present day, a period of 123 years,
the United States has waged five wars,
not to speak of the numerous Indian and
border skirmishes, and in every one our
flag has come out on top. Can as much
be said of any other nation during the
same period?
England has had during that period,
roughly speaking, six wars, not including
its fights with the natives of South Africa
and Northern India and the opium war
in China. Of these six, — the Ameri
can Revolution and the War of 1812 — re
sulted in victory for; her opponents. In
other words, to again use a sporting term,
she lost two out of six events.
France had also six wars, not counting
her fights in Northern Africa and China;
of these she lost two — war with the
allied powers and the Franco-Prussian
War. . •
Prussia out of her five wars waged dur
ing the same period lost two.
Austria lost three and gained two.
Russia lost two and gained two.
Spain has lost every war she has under
taken during that period, unless her ten
years' war with Cuba should be placed
to her credit as victory. So much for the
record. In analyzing it we find that most
of the cases in which a European nation
has won it has been in alliance with some
other nation, as in the war of the allied
powers against Napoleon, the . Crimean
War, and the Franco-Italian-Austrian
War. ; -. . ,
In on« case only did the United States
have an ally, and that was in the Revo
lution. Even- then the war , was nearly
half over when France came to our as
sistance with a fleet and a few thousand
troops as an offset to the Hessian troops
employed by England. In our two wars
with England the United States was tre
mendously outclassed in all that goes to
make the fighting efficiency of a nation
except bravery and endurance. In our
war with. the Barbary States the odds
were not so greatly in our favor as they
appear at first blush; we were fighting
thousands of miles from home, a naval
power that had exacted tribute from
every maritime power in the world and
was secretly backed by the money and
moral support of Great Britain
we^e'afl wfth"^. War the Vantage,
nf^«fl Of s + e , cesslon "was the greatest
« I ™™ 1d?1 d ? 2 lmes - In that war the old
£?&. h?,? 1 tif d UU i 8i 8 " nbrok en record olfac
tory but the victors have shared the
fruits of victory with the vanquished and
&?n£ ?"■?« I f tr n & er to-day than ever
before ■to defend its flag against all
r«^ ce amya mvr ny Jo the face of this record how
a a wa"ilth 011 ■ dou * t the result of
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
SUGAR— C. C, Elmira, Cal. The purity
of sugar is determined by analysis and
the aid of a saccharimeter. By this process
is determined the quantity of sugar,
glucose, ash, moisture and organic mat
ter that is not known in solution.
LITERATURE-A. 8., city. In general
literature England ranks first, with the
United States as a close second. "How
do the different nations range in the
different branches?" is too indefinite to
anmit of an answer. The correspondent
should have named the particular
branches about which information is
sought.
TRANSFER PICTURES— J. M., San
Bernardino, Cal. You have been misin
formed as to pictures being transferred
direct from a newspaper to zinc or alu
minum for use in the large daily news
paper offices. Such is not the case. The
department is not aware of the ingredi
ents used to transfer pictures from news
papers to white paper, but the prepara
IT
WILL BE
A MOST
INTERESTING
NUMBER,
FILLED
WITH FINE
FEATURES
low price that it would not pay one to
buy ingredients and make it.
ASSISTING IMMIGRATION— J. R. L-.
Everett. Wash. There is no law of the
United States that authorizes any official
to pay the passage of foreigners wishing
to immigrate to the United States, nor
was there ever a law authorizing the out
lay of public money so that foreigners
may be brought here to make citizens of
them.
THE NUMBER SEVEN— H. C. McG..
Bodega, Cal. The common statement that
seven implies perfection has no further
foundation than that the cabalistic mean
ing of all odd numbers are modes of per
fection. In 1624 William Inghen. writing
about the number seven used the follow
ing language:
First, it neither begets nor is begotten, ac
cording to the saying of Philo. Some numbers,
indeed, within the compass of 10, beget, but are
not begotten, and that is the unaiie. Others
are begotten, but beget not. as the octonarie,
only the septanarie having a prerogative above
them all. neither beget or are begotten. This
is its first divinity or perfection. Secondly,
this Is an harmonioal number, and the well
and fountain of that fair and lovely dla
gxamma, because it inoludeth within itself all
manner of harmony. Thirdly, it is a theo
logical number consisting of perfection.
Fourthly, because of its composition, for it
is composed of 1 and 6, 2 and 5 and 3 and 4.
Now every one of these being excellent of
themselves, how can this number be but far
more excellent, consisting of them ail and
participating, as It were, of all of their ex
cellent virtues. It was esteemed a sacred, sym
bolical and mystical number. There were the
seven gifts of the Holy Ghost, seven days of
the week, seven branches of the candlestick
of Moses, spv.»n liberal arts, seven churches of
Asia, seven mysterious seals, seven stars, seven
heads of the dragon, seven joys and seven
sorrows of the blessed Virgin, seven peniten
tial palms, seven deadly sins, etc.
Cal. glace fruit 50c per lb at Townsend's.*
Special information supplied dally to
business houses and public men by tha
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main 1042. •
BUSINESS FEARS NO FOE.
Of alarm in commercial or industrial
quarters there is so little as to cause pen
era! surprise, in view of the excitement
prolonged for weeks and the depression
m speculative markets. These, it must
be admitted are strong indications
that these who have fcept cool and have
shown unshaken faith to their country
and its Government thus far are no"t
likely to lose their heads in panic if the
event they have for more than a month
considered possible should occur -Ww
York Tribune. " '
"Mrs. Winslow's Soothing Syrup"
Has been u?ed over fifty .years by millions ot
mothers for their children while Teething with
perfect success. It soothes the child, soften*
the gums, allays Pain, cures "Wind Colic, rea*
ulates the Bowels and is the best remedy fay
Diarrhoeas, whether arising from teething o»
other causes. For sale by Druggists In every
part of the world. Be Bure and ask for Mrs.
Winslow's Soothing Syrup. 25c a bottle.
CORONTADO— Atmosphere is perfectly dry,
soft and mild, being entirely free from th«
mists common further north. Round trip tick
ets, by steamship, including fifteen days' board
at the Hotel del Coronado, $63; longer stay.
$2 50 per day. Apply X New Montgomery st.,
S. F., or A. W. Bailey, mgr. Hotel del Corona
do, late of Htl Colorado, Glenwood Spgs. Colo.
REFLECTIONS OF A SAGE.
No act of love is ever lost.
The lofty minds maintain the simplicity
of children.
The man who rides a hobby uses ego
tism for a saddle.
Ignorance and superstition got married
before the flood.
It is worth more to the world for a man
to live right than die happy.
The man who lives for a purpose helps
give others a purpose for living.
The man who gives to advertise his
charity has no charity worth advertising
The biggest fault of some people is their
unwillingness to be told their faults.
The testimony of a good conscience is
worth more. than all the flattery in the
world.
The} biggest blaze is r.ot a sign of the
most heat. A straw-pile will srive a
brighter blaze than a ton of coal.— Ram's
Horn.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
It is
Baking
Powder
that makes the
Delicious Biscuit,
Griddle Oake
and DoughnutNO PROSPECT
OF HARMONY
Young Men's Leagues Are
Far From Being
United.
♦•No Refreshments" to Be the
War Cry of the Davis
Faction.
A Ooud Time Promised All Who
Attend tha Pardea
Club.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
Hroadway, April 14.
• n'a Republican Leagues are
ttracting more attention than
any oth< r branch of local politic!*. "Will
cretary of the particular
h has indirectly hung out a
has sent out invitations
: g to-morrow night at which
■,i importance will be tran-
It v-= evident that there will be
i nithuslastic attendance, for
not any of the mysterious about
hint that "refreshments will
of weeks a§o the cabalistic
:'.: '. <-»•." appeared on some so
dtations us indicating the speed
. replies were solicited. All
ladiea receiving them pro
■ tf the mysterious let
tn.-. 18 no such false modesty
with - Men's Republican League
Mr. Powers is secretary, and
a the moaning of the suggestion
;ig "refreshments."
It is not likely* that one of the other
leagues headed by Harry l'ulcifer will
put In an appearance ;at to-morrow
night's meeting, for its members do not
approve of "refreshments" at political
meetings; In fact, the other league, which
perhaps light not be inaptly designated
the Davis .League believes that it has
pained a material point in Young Men's
Republican League ethics by the invita- \
tion of Mr. Powers. The Davis League
is to have a meeting next week, and if
invitations are sent out it is almost cer
tain they will contain the words "no
refreshments," and Mr. Pulcifer and his
followers declare that such a hint will be
the most effective barrier in keeping their
opponents away and preventing having
i.) send for the police and the breaking
of any more chandeliers. >
It is now rumored that Murray Laidlaw,
who was partly responsible for the break
ing up of the Pulcifer League meeting
last week, has burled his little hatchet
and will henceforth be a meek and lowly
follower of President Pulcifer. It is,
however, plain that there can be no such
thing as harmony among all the members !
of the rival leagues. President Bilger's !
league is avowedly a Pardee organiza- I
tion. Mr. Pulcifer, who says he has not j
less than 168 enrolled members, cannot |
01" necessity head anything but a Davis i
organization, consequently it has been
proposed that the two factions carry on
their separate organizations and call
themselves by the names of their re
spective choices for Governor. This is
suggested as being the only possible way
to prevent a repetition of the scene that
occurred last week and for which each
faction is holding the other responsible.
There is also a smaller matter than the \
nomination of a Governor which is having j
some influence on the present disagree- j
ment between the leagues. Harry Pul
ciftT and J. W. Stetson are anxious to )
secure a nomination from their party for
Justice of the Peace. It is hardly likely
that the league will take up two candi- !
dates for Justices, alnd therefore it would j
be likely to give its support to one or the
other. Should there be a Davis and- a
Pardee league one would work for Stet
son, the other for Pulclfer, and the har
mony that they all profess to so greatly
desire would be brought about.
The Davis men are chiding the Pardee
men with training with the "Courthouse
gang-." Two months ago this serious
charge might have been sustained; but
the ' Courthouse gang" is just at present
in a very demoralized condition, and it
Is difficult to say which of the factions in
the county buildings Is really "the gang.
Evidences are daily cropping up that the
only original "gang" is becoming disin
tegrated, and there Is no knowing how
far this will go, so that before many
weeks, and long before the convention,
it is quite possible that there may be
both Davis and Pardee "gangs" at the
Courthouse. The main factor in break
ing up the Courthouse combination is the
quiet but insidious and powerful element
that has no love for either of the pro
posed gubernatorial candidates. Its great
est hope of success is in splitting their
opponents into two camps and setting one
faction against the other, thereby pro
ducing distrust and ill feeling, which,
when accomplished, makes the rest of its
work easy. - «/,>;
ADAMS RICH ENOUGH.
His Manager Knocks tUe Basis From
"a Sensation."
KT.ANn. April 14. -Arthur If. Breed,
manager for Edson P. Adams' real estate
was amused to-day to read a
U Btory in a morning paper that
mployer has no property which can
i to satisfy a judgment of f£M>.
• is nothing sensational in the ind
oor is there any truth in the state
ment that Mr. Adams has no attachable
property.
The judgment Is In favor of Darby Lay
don & Co., who had a dispute with Mr.
lama concerning the building of his
wharves. The case has been in the courts
nearly two years, and the judgment was
granted some time ago. On Monday last
Mr. Adams' attorney secured a stay of
execution, as he still has what he be
lieves are me legal resources in the
premises. Attorney McPlke, who ap
peared for the contractors, objected to the
stay of execution. Mr. Adams owns a
large share of the Adams estate, which
stands of record in his name, he is the
president of an opulent wharf company,
has bit blocks of stock in two banks,
besides other investments. Deputy Sher
iff Harlow nays the instructions of Mr.
Mi Pike were to serve the garnishment
upon the two banks. In case ot an exe
cution against real estate, it is custom
wry for the attorney to furnish a descrip
tion of the property and the Sheriff is not
supposed to exceed his instructions or to
search the records.
Mr. Breed says that no one can doubt
that 11 Mr. Adams is finally held to be
It gall; responsible to Darby Laydon &
Co. for J2MO, the sum will be speedily
forthcoming.
Chief Fletcher Makes Changes.
OAKLAND, April 14.— Chief of Police
Fletcher announces the new details of the
policemen to-day. The most important
change and the only one in the office Is
the placing of Officer Swain on duty with
the patrol-wagon at night. This puts Of
ncer Cockerton out on relief duty. • Swain
Was put on a street beat after thirteen
years, of office duty by ex-Chief Lloyd,
who claimed v.at he talked too much.
->" k ' Williams, who formerly held the
Seventeenth street and Broadway beat.
is returned to it, with Tim Flynn and
Jack Scanlan. This is an eight-hour
watch, and the only one. where an officer
is always on duty. Officers Clark and
Henderson were given the Broadway beat
between Tenth and Fourteenth streets.
Officer Slurry, from the Golden Gate
territory, and Officer Arnest of East Oak
land will take turns in the district east
01 Broadway to the ' estuary. Officer
1 ox will take the Broadway, Telegraph
ana San Pablo avenues beat.
Rev. J. S. McDonald Assistant, : ;
OAKLAND, April 14.— Rev. J. S. M>
ponald, 1».1>.. of Dixon, was last evening
eleoted assistant pastor of the First
Presbyterian church at the annual meet
ing. This move wm made possible by
Rev. R. F. Coyle, D.D., the pastor, offer-
Ing to donate $1000 of his salary toward
his assistant's hire. After hearing the
various reports, the following officers
. were elected for -ne ensuing year:
OflWrs of the society— President, W. H.
Knight, secretary. H. K. Belden; treasurer,
Ur. <t. Erwln Brlnkerhoft; treasurer benevolent
funde, X. T. Gardiner; trustees— C. W. Car
many, H. K. Belrton. J. P. Ta- lor. Trvln Ay
em. Church officers— Elders — C. W. Arm«i,
ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
Professor J. W. Raymond. Bdgar F. Brown. X).
Edward Collini. M. W. I'pton. Deacona— D. C.
Borland. Dr. L. R. Webster. J. W. Helmke.
iJeaoonessps— Mm. E. H. Burbank. Mrs. Pr. H.
T. Van Kirk. Mrs. 8. J. Capsidy, Mrs. E. H.
Page, Mrs. Anna Tomlin, Mrs. Kate M. N.
Buekland, Mrs. Susan Smythe; Sunday-school
superintendent. George P. Gray; primary su
perintendent. Miss Mabel Thayer Gray; Tele
graph-avenue school superintendent, W. B.
Fry; Bethany Mission superintendent, E. Mar
vin; Chinese school superintendent, Edgar F.
Brown.
A SECOND ATTEMPT.
D. Fenoglio Cuts His Throat and
May Die.
OAKLAND, April 14.— D. Fenoglio, who
tried to commit suicide yesterday by
jumping from the narrow-gauge ferry
boat, made another attempt to-night
with a razor that will probably prove
fatal.
Fenoglio went to work this morning as
ÜB H al a i Cla -rke"s pottery in Alameda
and told his companions that he was
sorry for trying to end his life. His sor
row did not last long, for this evening
when he quit work he went to his room
V? ? Columbus lodging-house on lower
Broadway and cut his throat with a ra
zor. He also made several slashes across
his stomach and cut his wrists. Fenoglio
has been laboring for some months under
the delusion that his fellow-laborers are
trying to run him out of a job.
Stromberg's Narrow Escape.
OAKLAND. April 14.— A building occu
pied as a residence and store by a cob
bler named Stromberg. adjoining the
Golden Gate school house, was burned
to the ground this morning. Strom
berg, his wife and several children,
clothes. Captain McMenomy, who lives
next door, saved the school house by a
prompt and vigorous use of his garden
hose. The fire department was telephoned
for, but did not get the message until an
hour afterward.
A Quarter Is Raised.
OAKLAND. April 14.-The attempt be
ing made to raise the $lt>.n(X) indebtedness
of the Young Men's Christian Association
is meeting with considerable success, al
though many who promise to give are
asking to be seen again before they make
a definite pledge. Two $1000, one $700. ten
$100, seven $50, and two $25 pledges have
been made to date, making a total of
$4100.
Oakland News Items.
OAKLAND, April 14.— Mrs. Murphy a
widow, residing at 1413 Thirteenth street,
died suddenly this morning, without the
attendance of a physician. The Coroner
will hold an inquest.
License Inspector Maloon has caused
the arrest of Frea Brause of Telegraph
avenue, Temescal, and A. J. Foster, 1570
Twenty-first avenue, for selling liquor
without a license.
Mrs. Catherine M. Allen, residing about
nine miles southeast of Llvermore, died
suddenly yesterday morning. Coroner
Baldwin held an inquest last night and
found that death resulted from pneu
monia and fatty degeneration of the
in art,
F. M. Davie has filed a suit for divorce
agajnst his wife, Mary H. Davie. He
charges her with desertion. She left him
in September, ISS9, and has refused to live
with him since that time. She resides
in Albany, N. Y.
Suits for divorce were filed to-day
by Mary A. Johnson against Henry John
son and Sarah E. Smith against William
Smith.
Van Eastland Britton, a son of John A.
Britton, manager of the Oakland Gas
Light and Heat Company, has been nomi
nated by Congressman Hilborn for ap
pointment to West Point. A son of H.
Bendel, of the firm of Tillmann, Bendel &
Co., Is the alternate.
JUVENILE BURGLARS.
Alameda Infested by a Band of Bad
Boys.
ALAMEDA, April 14.— Willie Herbert,
Ed Castro and Perer Bayer, aged respec
tively 13, 14 and 15 years, were arrested
at noon to-day and booked at the City
Prison with the serious charge of bur
glary.
They are under arrest on a charge of
haying entered Sanford Brothers' meat
market and Buslach'a grocery at Bay
station last night.
The window in the rear of the meat
market -was found open this morning.
Investigation showed plainly that some
person or persons had been through the
premises and had gone from there into
! the grocery-store, which adjoins, and is
| only separated by a screen partition.
Once, in tne meat market, the thieves
; had no trouble in forcing an entrance to
the grocery. The intruders took nothing
, from the meat market, so far as could be
••t .lined. From the grocery were taken
just such articles as boys wouldt be apt to
take, as soda-water, cans <>f sar
dines, boxes of (Tinkers, chocolate, etc.
The case was reported to Chief of Police
Rogers, who went on a personal tour of
Inspection, One by one he obtained the
; clews that led to the arrest of the three
boys. Two boys were arrested Tuesday
; on a. similar charge, and the police are
determined to put a stop to the, work of
| the boy burglars. That is why the charge
placed against tucm was so serious. Jus
tice of the Peace Morris fixed the cash
bail at $500 and the bond at the same
amount in each case.
O. E. S. Anniversary.
ALAMEDA, Aprif 14.— Carita Chapter
No. 115, Order Eastern Star, held its
.sixth anniversary and district meeting
here last night.
District Deputy Grand Matron Mrs. D.
C. Savage was present and reviewed tho
work of the chapter for the past year,
Most Worthy Grand Matron Mrs. M. E.
Partridge. Deouty Grand Matron Mrs.
Blanchard of San Jose and Worthy
Grand Patron H. D. Rowe of Oah.and
were also present besides many visitors
from the various chapters about the bay.
After the review work about 200 sat down
to a banquet.
Unitarian Club.
ALAMEDA, April 14.— The Unitarian
Club held its regular meeting last even
ing in the parlors of the Unitarian
church, l.'pon the urgent request of R.
Frank Clark his resignation as member
of the directory was accepted. Some
new members were added to the roll,
after which the club listened to an inter
esting talk from Charles A. Sumner on
"A Trip to England and a Few Glances
at English Facts and Folks." He took
his listeners through many of the impor
tant cities of the "Island Kingdom."
League of Sacred Heart.
ALAMEDA, April 14. -The ladies of the
League of the Sacred Heart have made
final arrangements for their grand musi
cal and literary entertainment to be
fiven at Armory Hall to-morrow night,
hey laoored assiduously to make the af
fair a success, and to that end have pre
pared an elaborate programme. A large
number of tickets nave been sold, and
the outloook for a good attendance is en
couraging. The proceeds will be devoted
to liquidating the debt on the new St.
Joseph's Church.
Lectured on Servia.
BERKELEY. April 14.— Splro Sargen- '
tich, a member of the senior clasn, dcliv- ',
ered the last of the series of Thursday
afternoon lectures on modern history at
the university this afternoon. The lee
cure was on the subject of "Servia From 1
a Political. Religious and Social Stand- 1
point." "Servia," he declared, "is the '
only country of Europe that is free from
a national debt. There are no poor laws,
for there are no poor, and wealth Is not j
concentrated in the hands of a few, as in j
other European countri. s."
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY, April 14.— Recorder Button
to-day issued a notice that the gradua
tion theses of seniors In the college of
natural and applied sciences will have to
be handed in by May 2.
The commission appointed by the Legis
lature to Inspect the various State huild
iiiKs did not make its expected visit to
the university this morning on account
of the Illness of Senator Dickinson, who
is chairman of the commission.
Th« Associated Students at the Athletic
Association of thf> University will meet
to-morrow morning at 11:15 o'clock to
elect officers for the coming year.
The university faculty will meet to
morrow morning to make final arrange
ments for the commencement day exer
cises on May 18.
The sophomore class will hold its semi
annual social to-morrow evening at Stiles
Hall. An informal musical programme
will be rendered by Miss F. E. West and
Messrs. Poheim. Kuster and Hanna.
At the annual meeting of the members
of the First Presbyterian Church last
evening, Walter E. Sell and Alexander
Rqss w©re re-elected elders and Dr.
George Whitworth was re-elected deacon.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablets. All Arvg-
KlKts refund the money If It fails to oure, 25c.
The genuine has L. B. Q. on each tablet.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
LYNN SAID TO
BE A LUNATIC
Doctors Disagree Over the
Symptoms in His
Case.
Will Escape the Penalty of the
Attempt to Kill His
Wife.
Judge Ogden Will H«ar Mora Testi
mony and Make an Order
To-Morrow.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 14.
The man who attempted to shoot his
wife and who was accredited with being
concerned in the death of Mr. Camarinos
at the Agnews Asylum was declared by
Drs. Barber and Rabe this morning to
be insane.
The examination of J. W. Lynn has so
far occupied two days, and the testimony
taken was of such a conflicting nature
that the doctors could not readily agree
upon a verdict. Even now Dr. H. N.
Rucker, a former superintendent of the
Stockton Asylum, Health Officer Dunn
and Winslow, a nurse, do not accept the
judgment of the two doctors, but believe
that Lynn is a schemer.
During the proceedings the fact was
brought out that Lynn's mother is at
present an inmate of Utlca Asylum, at
New York, where Lynn was an attend
ant for eleven years. He is of a very
jealous disposition and some time ago
was Injured on the head, and these are
held to be the predisposing causes of his
insanity. Lynn believes, or professes to
believe, that three men make continual
visits to him, place an electric battery on
his neck and lill him with the fluid. He
professes to continually hear voices
which speak ill of him and also assumes
to believe that he is In danger of great
bodily harm from Invisible men who are
ever around him.
His commitment ends the trial for the
attempted murder of his wife, and the
argument of the prosecution made yes
terday that Lynn, whatever his condition
of mind may now be, was sane when he
shot his wife, will have no effect.
In discussing this question Dr. Barber
said: "We must be perfectly impartial
and look into the reason for each one
giving his evidence and discover if they
are moved by any bias. The fact that the
man's mother is in an asylum suggests
hereditary insanity, and while he may
have been shamming In Jail it may have
induced insanity under the conditions
and circumstances. We have nothing to
do with his condition at the time of his
attack on his wife, and gave our verdict
on his present condition."
Lynn was brought before Judge Ogden
this afternoon, so that the court could
pass upon the recommendation of the
doctors regarding a commitment. He was
so violent that it took five men to hold
him, and the examination was continued
till to-morrow afternoon.
AUTHORITIES ABB ANGRY.
Pranks of College Students That May
Lead to Serious Consequences.
BERKELEY, April 14.— Captain Emll
Kellner, superintendent of the university
grounds, and Armorer Mitchell are
wrathy over some practical jokes that
were perpetrated last night on the col
lege campus by a crowd of students. The
crowd started out early in the evening
to charivari their fellow student, C. F.
Balaam, the story of whose romantic ee
cret marriage to Miss Gwynedd Carnoll,
a middler in the Berkeley High School,
was published exclusively in yesterday's
Call.
After serenading the student-husband
and his bride the crowd repaired with
horns and tin cans to the college grounds.
Wheels were taken from the water carts
that were standing on the campus and
hoisted to the tops of the electric light
poles, from which they were removed by
the university police this morning after
some difficulty. A number of tin cans
were also hoisted to the top of the uni
versity Hag staff, and this in particular
angered the university authorities. Five
years ago similar pranks had become
common, and the president ißSued a
warning that any student ever caught
interfering with the llag pole would be
summarily dismissed. It is charged also
that the revelers effected an entrance In
to the armory and toon a quantity of
blank cartridges, which they subsequent
ly used to make a noise in the college
town.
An investigation of the affair has been
instituted by the college authorities, but
President Kellogg this evening declined
to state just what had been learned or
what course will be pursued with regard
to the offenders.
ATHLETIC EXHIBITION.
Gymnastics and Basket Ball in the
University Gymnasium in Honor
of Mrs. Hearst.
BERKELEY, April Professor Wal
ter E. Maeee, the head of the depart
ment of physical culture at the univer
sity, has arranged for an athletic exhi
bition In the gymnasium to-morrow morn
ing, at which Regent Phebe A. Hearst,:
President Martin Kellogg and the mem
bers of the faculty will be present; The
exhibition will commence at 9:25 o'clock
and will consist of exercises by two sec
tions of freshmen and two sections of
sophomores.
At 12 o'clock there. will be a game of
basketball between the varsity team and
the second, or "college" nine. The college
nine is a strong aggregation and will
make a spirited effort to score against
the varsity. The two nines will line up
as follows:
Varsity. • Positions. College
Mls3 Hrownslll Forward Miss VooraarWer
(Captain.)
Miss Robinson Right F.... Mrs. Macee
Miss Holler Left P.. , Miss st , r
Mian Griswold..... Center Miss B. Stockwell
Miss Hanscom Right C. Miss Catton or
v . Miss Trowbrldae
Miss Llnscott Left C........ Miss Neaje
Miss Hawprth.... .Guard.....:. ..Miss .Longmore
Miss A. Stockwell. Right G ,',..,... Mi5s Kelßhaw
Miss Rued ....Left G Miss l'law
Annual Keview.
I2RKELKY. April 14.-The annual re
r and inspection of the cadet battal
will take place on the university
pus on Thursday, April 28. The ex
3es will begin at 10:30 in the morning
will last until 3:30 in the afternoon
i an hour's intermission at noon. The
action will take plaoe In the morn
and at 1 o'clock In the afternoon the
alions will be reviewed by Lieuten-
Colonel George Burton, U. S A A
petitive drill between the various
, uuuipaniea will follow the review.
ILLEGAL FISHERS SUFFER.
An Important Victory Won in the
Courts of Mendocino
County.
The members of the California State
Fish Commission are rejoicing over a
victory recently achieved in Medocino
County In a case of two men arrested for
violating the fish laws. Last December
Deputy Griffiths arrested William Walker
and Frank Ogden for illegal fishing in
Garcia River. The men had a small
i mesh net utrung across the river, which
; is about 200 feet wide at that point. They
\ were held to answer anu last Tuesday
I Ogden was taken before the Superior
Court, where he was found to be guilty
by a Jury. At the preliminary hearing
Ogden testified that the net did not ex
tend all the way across the stream, but
j that he had doubled It back by one
third. Several witnesses gave the same
1 story as to the length of the net. At the
hearing of the case he was confronted
with his previous testimony, and he was
sadly mixed up when he learned that the
net he had imed was about 400 feet wide,
which left ov»r 200 feet unaccounted for.
and the jury believed that the officers
had told the truth.
The case against Walker was set for a
later date, as there is a charge of high
way robbery pending against him. The
effort to save Ogden was very bitter, as
his conviction will not benefit the case of
Walker. District Attorney G. A. Sturte
vant has worked well in the Interests of
the commission, even in the face of much
local opposition. The Commissioners be
lieve that this conviction will have a
beneficial effect upon those who for years
have totally disregarded the law. The
smallest fine that can be imposed is $100.
Deputy Davis had sent word to his su
periors that on Tuesday he arrested G.
and A. Demazzio of Black Diamond for
fishing for striped bass. The net they
were using was of a very small mesh.
The prisoners were taken to Suisun for
trial.
,, — — ■ ♦ »
GALLI WINS, YET LOSES.
A Verdict Against the Railroad That
Meant to Him a Loss of Money.
A Jury in Judge Daingerfleld'a court
yesterday rendered judgment for $250 in
favor of Michael Galli and against the
Market Street Railway Company. Galli,
who is an expressman, was slightly
burned about the hands by coming in con
tact with a live electric wire at the cross
ing of Market and Third streets. The
wire became detached from one of the
poles used on the Third and Kearny street
electric car System. It would have been
better for Galli had the jury found for
the railroad, as the amount of judgment,
being under $300, does not carry costs
with it. Galli win. in consequence, have
to pay three days' jury and court fees,
besides paying his counsel and the costs
of announcing the suit. The jury fees
alone amount to $105. and when, the other
costs are paid. Galli will lind himself a
winner §h court but a loser in pocket.
LAND FOR THE
MONKEY RANCH
City Attorney to Be Instructed
to Sue for Its Con
demnation.
Report Adopted by the Street Com
mittee ol the Board of
Supervisor*.
In spite of the vigorous protests here
tofore made by the residents of the Mis
sion, there is an evident determination
on the part of the Street Committee of
the Board of Supervisors to impose upon
the taxpayers of this city the expense of
establishing and maintaining a refuge for
monkeys and other cheap and nasty
beasts, 'which is by a stretch of courtesy
referred to sometimes as a park and zoo.
At a meeting of the Street Committee
yesterday the Initial step waa taken
toward acquiring the Gum Tree tract for
use as a public preserve for monkeys.
The committee adopted a report recom
mending that the City Attorney be In
structed to begin proceedings for the
condemnation of the land .-eaulred for
the zoo. This report will be submitted to
the Supervisors on Monday.
John H. Grady, on behalf of the M!b
sion Park Association, presented a report
reciting that the owners of the property
required for the park were not satisfied
v.-ith the prices they had been offered for
their land. It was in view of this fact
that condemnation proceedings were sup-
Kestod by the committee. It was further
recommended that the area purchased be
reduced so as to exclude tract No. 8.
valued at $&o.oofl and comprising 24.50
acres, and a portion of tract NO. 5, valued
at Jl2,f>oo. This would reduce the appro
priation required by $62,500. The commit
tee reported that it was unable to se
cure figures from the owners of the small
triangular pieces of property required for
the proposed boulevard connecting Mis
sion street with the Halbua boulevard.
They recommended that these pieces of
land be purchased outright when the
other lands were bought. It is estimated
that the total amount required for the
proposed boulevard will not be more than
(6000.
A protest was presented by the business
men r>f Market street to the repeal of the
ordinance requiring the renumbering of
the south side of that thoroughfare. They
claimed that they have already complied
with the ordinance to a great extent and
have Incurred considerable expense in so
doing. __________
DISAPPEARED
IN THE NIGHT
An Overcoat Purloiner Badly
Wanted by the De
tectives.
Hackmen Art His Victims, and Many
Reports Have Boon Made, but
Without Avail.
Detective Ryan (ho of pawnshop-search
ing fame) Is at last cornered, or, In other
words, completely at sea regarding many
thefts which have occurred recently.
Within tlic l )a - st few d a >' 9 & clever crook
has been watching his chances along the
streets, and his mania seems to be over
coats, although the weather has been
unfavorable for such wearing apparel.
His victims, without an exception, have
been hackdrlvers, and when the oppor
tunity presents itself he slowly walks to
the hack and takes a coat, if one Is within
reach, and then, running toward an ap
proaJhing car, loses himself in the gloom
or a crowd.
Edward Dellex is the last complainant,
and he reported to polite headquarters
that he was minus a valuable heavy coat
: which he always tarried with him during
i the long night watches. Detective Ilyan
was detailed on the case, but has so far
been unable to gain any clew to the
locality of the thief or the coat. Last
evening a thief, who is supposed to bo the
same person, again made his appearance
and took away a second coat from Del
lex, and in consequence the driver is now
wearing a borrowed article, which is not
removed even during the hot spells, for
' fear that the man may again claim what
does not belong to him.
The hack stand is in front of the Phelan
building, and last evening when the theft
! was committed, John Brocks, who lives
in the neighborhood, saw the man take
' the article, but whs unable to follow l)im
, or give a description of the guilty party.
I It is thought by the. police that but one
crook is concerned in the thefts, and it
is hoped that an arrest will soon follow.
All the pawnshop* in the city are being
investigated, with the object of gaining a,
description of the man, provided he
should visit one of the places for the pur
pose of parting with his ill-gotten gains.
Ti'umbo and Baldwin Lcse.
Judge Dunne rendered judgment yes
terday against Isaac Trumbo for $1023 07
for oil furnished by the Standard Oil
Cnmpany to a mine in lone, owned by
The Crocker- Woolworth National Bank
of San Francisco was given judgment
yesterday by Judge Seawall against B. J.
Baldwin for $1650 principal and $121 inter
est The suit was brought on a promis
sory note assigned by Lloyd & Wood to
the bank.
Dwyer Accepted.
J. J. Dwyer has accepted the position
of Judge Advocate on the staff of Divi,
sion Commander Dickinson, which waa
tendered him some time since upon thQ
acceptance of the rsignation of J. Alva
Watt.
SEEKING PAROLE
FOR ABE MAJORS
Mrs. Maude Booth Sends
a Letter to the Prison
Directors.
Many Prominent People Sign
a Petition to Give Him
a Chance.
The "Young Convict's Mother Says
Her Boy Is Needed to Sup
port the Home.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, April 14.
"When the prison directors meet on Sat
urday next at Folsom a determined effort
will be made to have Abe Majors, the
younger of the two boy burglars sent
from here two years aeo, released on
parole.
Many prominent people have signed a
petition to the prison directors setting
forth the facts In the case and stating
that there is a great deal of reason and
merit In the efforts of the boy's mother,
Mrs. Wagner.
Since his term commenced young Ma
jors has been a model boy at Folsom.
Warden Aull and those who have been
closely acquainted with his career are
unanimous in testifying to his good be
havior. There are at this time many
powerful arguments being put forth why
the boy should be given a chance to show
whether he will behave himself out of
prison, if released.
Before entering on his romantic career
of crime, a few weeks before his arrest.
Abe Majors was always a good boy and
did all he could to help support his
mother and younger brothers after they
were deserted by their father. His elder
brother Archie, also the son of Majors,
the first husband of Mrs. Wagner, was
of a wild disposition, never did anything
for the home, and since his brother's Im
prisonment has not helped his mother in
any way.
Mrs. Wagner says that sh© has no
doubt Abe was induced to enter a life of
crime by some one older than himself,
he being only 16 at the time, and she feels
convinced that if he be paroled he can
obtain work in Oakland and can live down
the odium of his boyish romantic crim
inal career. When on the coast nearly
a year ago, Mrs. Ballington Booth took
special interest in the boyish convict, and
in a letter to his mother said that when
Abe had served a year Mrs. Wagner
should try to get him released condition
ally and she would help all In her power.
The boy has now served two years, and
to-day Mrs. Ballington Booth sent out an
appeal, which may have some weight
with the directors on behalf of the boy.
Several judges and prominent attorneys
have attached their signatures to the
petition, and it is generally believed that
It will have some weight.
MRS. ELLA EAGLES
WILL GO TO WAR
She Wants to Bo With the
American Army as
a Nurse.
Her Application H«s Brought Her
Prominence That She Now
Greatly Dislikes.
Mrs. Ella Eagles of 776 Hayes street has
gone into hibernation on account of the
notoriety she has Invited by writing to
the adjutant-general of the United States
that she was burning with an ambition
to go to war as a nurse, should hostili
ties arise between the United States and
Cuba.
Mrs. Eagles lately received a note from
the Governor's private secretary an
nouncing that her name was on the reg
ister as a volunteer nurse. The matter
reached the newspapers in crurse of reg
ular war news, since which time sho has
taken to sack cloth and ashes, refusing
to see reporters or friends, hesitating
at meal time and regretting that she of
fered her services before the beginning
of hostilities. But the fact is that Mrs.
Eagles ia seized with a desire to go to
battle and she regrets that she is not an
able-bodied man capable of bearing arms.
Mrs. Eagles was a little Buckeye girl
when the late war broke out. She re
members that seven of her brothers went
to war and that one never came back.
She heard those who returned tell of the
horrors of battle, of the sufferings of the
wounded and of the great aid rendered
by women in the nursing department. It
was then that she made up her mind to
become a nurse if there should ever be
a war in her time.
Mrs. Eagles has been in California for
fifteen years, having buried her husband
five years ago at Los Angeles. As she
has no children she feels free to go to
war as a nurse. The fires of patriotism
burn in her breast, but she' is sorry that
ehe ppoke of the matter before the firing
of the first gun. Her friends and rela
tives beg her to give up the idea, but
she clings to It with rare tenacity and
thinks she will be one of the first among
all the volunteers and that her applica
tion is probably the first that has been
sent in from this State.
Will Leave the Street.
Mollle Woodward was arrested yester
day by Sergeant Martin on a complaint
sworn out by W. N. McCarthy, owner of
the Hotel Langham building, charging
her with keeping a disorderly house on
Mason street. She was released on ?100
cash bail. She told the sergeant that she
was willing to give up the house, and
had so informed Attorney Regenshurger,
who represents the complaining witness.
ADVERTISEMEF TS.
A WAR WITH SPAIN
would find Uncle Sam putting the
proper finish on Alfonso with ease.
It isn't so easy, though, to find a
laundry that can finish off a shirt,
collar or cuff in such an artistic
manner as we turn out every day.
The snowy whiteness and fine fin-
ish that characterize our work is
its best recommendation, and you
will never entrust It to less ex-
pert hands.
United States Laundry,
Office, 1004 Market street.
Telephone South 420.
gross average rate of Interest over 9
per cent per annum. During the exist
ence of the corporation It has helped 256
of Its members to obtain homes for their
families.
By a unanimous vote all the officers
were re-elected as follows:
President, P. Barbierl; vice-president.
Dr. Joseph Peseta; treasurer, A. Merle;
secretary, A. Sbarboro; attorney, D.
Friedenrlch, and in addition to the first
four named gentlemen, P. C. Rossi,
Charles A. Malm, G. B. Cevasco, D. Par
oni and G. de Luca as directors.
WORK OF THk GRAND JURY.
The Investigation Into the Ferry De
pot Scandal Delay :d Until the
Next Meeting.
The Grand Jury did not reach the
ferry depot scandal at its session yester
day, as had been expected, Its entire at
tention being devoted to considering the
charge of arson against Nicholas Tendis
and Conr-tantine John, and the finances
of the School Department. Fire Marshal
Towe presented part of his evidence
against Tendis and John. John was
placed on the stand, but declined to make
a statement, and Indictments were re
turned against both men.
Secretary Welch, President Barrington,
Directors Drucker, Hammond, Carew
and others were In readiness to appear
before the inquisitorial body, but only
Secretary Welch was summoned. Welch
testified that he knew nothing regarding
Stanton's method of getting his position.
He was questioned about the records of
the board, but nothing was developed.
HONORED BY
HIS COMRADES
Martin Carmody of Battery H,
Third Artillery, Bidden
Farewell.
Released for Total Disability After
Twenty-Eight Years' Service and
Escorted to the Train.
Martin Carmody of Battery H.Third Ar
tillery, has departed for Washington,
D. C, having been released from duty
after twenty-eight years of honorable
service. He was escorted to the Sunset
Limited yesterday afternoon by a party
of his old comrades, who were detailed by
Captain J. J. O'Hara to bid him farewell
and wish him happiness in his home,
which he will establish in the Capitol
City.
His discharge was solely on account of
a disabled condition, and he departed
from his duties in a manner befitting his
actions during his long term of service.
There was not a better liked man in me
battery, but age has again told its story,
and one more who was willing to labor in
behalf of his Government has found his
usefulness gone. He had asked for his
discharge, and it was regretfully granted
after a few days' contemplation.
Italian-Swiss Loan Association.
The stockholders of the Italian-Swiss
Mutual Loan Association held their elev
enth annual meeting last night at the
office" of the corporation, 518 Montgomery
street, and were made happy by the
presentation of the report of Secretary A.
Sbarboro, which announced that the
shares of the first series had matured to
the full value of $200 per share. The bor
rowers all received a release of their
mortgages and the stockholders of free
shares will recehe the amounts due them.
The amount paid in on each share was
$132, and the earnings $68, making the
ADVERTISEMENTS.
everlihTlead.
With a MASTER'S HAND That Knows NO
OPPOSITION, a Rare Combination of Skill
and Experience, the ENGLISH AND GER-
MAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS of 731 Market
street Conquer Chronic Diseases.
They Stand the Test of Time*
Many years have elapsed since the English
and German Expert Specialists opene«l their
Institution for the cure of Chronic and other
Diseases and Deformities. In curing thou-
sands of afflicted men, women and children In
all walks of life they have bullded a monu-
ment of greatness that will be aa lasting aa
time.
DIAGNOSIS BLANK and GREAT BOOK
sent Sealed Free If you cannot call at office.
ENGLISH AND GERMAN EXPERT SPECIALISTS
731 MARKET STREET.
Hours, 8-6. Evenings, 7-S. Sundays, 9-H.
ALASKA, ST. MICHAEL.
BARK KATE DAVENPORT
Sails April 25.
Lighterage facilities and Yukon River con-
nections. • ■■.• . . : •;?"■•
: Apply at 123 California street, room 13.
/f^fyk 'Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
JL^^p^ <»-5 KEABXT *T. Established !
aflr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
()25HKARSVST. Established
in I «3* for the treatment of Private
Wi tjpb'MXQM Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
(BwHjSi'wsSa disease curing on body and mind and
i^WjMJwjiwy skin Diseases. The doctor cures when
oili<M»fall. Try him. urges low.
rnWTHßi'iiTWnin ' «l nni 1111(1 < Call or write. .
»r. .1. l\ »;|B "SOX. Box 1057. San Francisco.
\ AMUSEMENTS. .
RACING! RACINQ! RACING!
-^•CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB .
Winter , Meeting, 1897-98, Beginning MONDAY,
April 4, to April lit Inclusive. »
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY, TUESDAY, WEDNESDAY,
; THURSDAY, FRIDAY AND SATURDAY.
: FIVE OR i MORE RACE 3 EACH ; DAY.
——RACES START AT 2:15 P. M. SHARP. ■
Ferry boats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1:00, 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
ing with ■■ train stopping at the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry tickets to Shell Mound.
Returning— Trains leave the tracK at 4:15 and
4:15 p. m.. and immediately after the last race.
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. Pre».
R. B. MILROY, Secretary.
EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
' Now open every Sunday during the season.
Music, Dancing. ; Bowling, Boating, Fishing
and other, amusements. -
-Refreshments at city ■ prices. - Fare, round
trip, 25c : Children, 15c ; - Including admission
to grounds. : .. - .. \ ■ -..
; , —THE STEAMER UKIAH-
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 a. m., 12:10,
2 and 4 p. m. Returning, leave El Campo at
11:15 a. m., 1.3 and 5 p. m. ' -
- OLYMPIA Corner of Mfion tni
m^UUfm .. ■; 'Edd/.Stre«ti.
America's most beautiful Muslo. Kail.
GRAND EASTER BILL; ■ MANDOLA, ! master
of equipoise; F.LLWOOD, female impersona-
tor; CARLTON SISTERS, Trilby dancers;
TUNISON, operatic star; r INEZ & ANTOIN-
ETTE and others. House heated. Admission
■ ADVERTISEMENTS.
a»a aa os»»aa.a a a a a »
»% /W A / dJ £*
» AN EASTER OFFERING. «
£( We have bought 1000 pairs of Ladles' "
CD Finest Quality Royal Wine-Colored V|cl &
W Kid Lace Shoes, with new coin toes
re and tips, latest style vamps and fox- &
i* ings and pliable - «olee,- at a sacrifice y^
Ct from the Julian Kokenge Shoe Company Q
of Cincinnati. They sell regularly for «
U f 3 50 and S4 00. but as a bargain we will T!
« offer them for $2 35 per pair. Your W
*; money back If shoes are not as repre- yv
8 eented. - **
IIJIiIU
» Kfe i' A I .LIJ «
Misses' and Children's Vie! Kid Lacs #
£$ Shoes, with embroidered vesting tops, «
„, new coin toes and tips and spring heels.
« Child's sizes, 8 to IOVs $125 8
£c Misses' sizes, 11 to 2 1 60 w
*•* Country orders solicited. Send for New "
J5 Illustrated Catalogue. Address ££
« B. KATCHINSKI, «
a PHILADELPHIA SHOE CO.. Q
g 10 Third St., Son Francisco. q
AMUSEMENTS.
COLUMBIA THEATER.
LAST 8 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
The Author-actor, Mr. James A.
. * .HERNE. * .
In his own Beautiful Comedy Drama.
"SHORE ACRES."
Direction of Henry C. Miner.
E.XTRA.
NEXT MONDAY NIGHT,
MARIE_JANSEN
" DELMONiSvS AT 6."
A Play for Laughter Only.
SEATS NOW READY.
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
LAST 3 NIGHTS— MATINEE SATURDAY.
EDWARD HARRIGAN,
Presenting His Masterpiece,
"OLD LAVENDER."
Up to and including next Sunday. j
Prices :...15c, 25c, 50c, Too
'A good reserved seat on lower floor 60c.
EXTRA— Three Nights— April 19, 31 and 23.
. .MELBA. .
Sale of boxes and seats now open. ../
BALDWIN THEATER.
A REAL HnVT'Q NEW COMEDY
LIVE HIT, nu I 1 O SUCCESB,
A STRANGER
IN NEWJVORK.
AH this and next week. Including Sunday,
MATINEE SATURDAY.
Coming— "THE PURSER."
MOROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE.
Walter Morosco Sole Lessee and Manager
Magnificent Spectacular Production of tha
Great French Drama,
PAVEMENTS
PARIS!
GRAND TABLEAUX— OB" FOR-
BACH, FRANCO-PRUSSIAN WAR— PARIS
BY MOONLIGHT— THE FAMOUS PONT
NEUF— THE RIVER SEINE — EXCITING
PLOT— PARISIAN TYPES— CLEVER COM-
EDY.
\ EVENING PRICES, 10c. 25c, We.
MATINEES SATURDAY AND SUN DAY. _
! , i . — —^»
That Strongest of Traveling Vaudeville Coir-
binations. yytf»*?irfaiTi
HYDE'S ALL-STAR COMEDIANS; HELEN
MORA. Renowned Barytone; McINTYRE &
HEATH, Black Face Comedians; WILLIAMS
& WALKER, The Real Colored Boys; CHAS.
K. SWEET, the Piano Tramp; THORNE &
CARLTON, Comedy Sketch Artists; LAFAY-
ETTE. Fantastic Mimic; A JAX. the Flexible
Marvel.
Reserved seats, 25c; Balcony 10c; Opera
Chairs and Box Seats, 50c.
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor A Manager
THIS EVENING AT 8 SHARP.
A THOUSAND DELIGHTS
In Our Spectacular Easter Burlesque,
SINBAD THE SAILOR !
• A SUPERB CAST— BEAUTIFUL SCENERY.
ENTRANCING BALLETS.
SEE THE PRISMATIC FOUNTAIN.
POPULAR PRICES— 2Sc and 50c.
\, Box office -always open. No telephone.
ALCAZAR ■ seats by
ALCAZAR. MAIN 254.
SHE IS A SUCCESS!
WILLIAM PASCOE AS MISS BROWN.
Every Night at 8:15.
MATINEE TO-MORROW AT 2:ls.
THE STRANGE — j
ADVENTURES :--
OF MISS BROWN .
Prices 15c. 25c. 35c and EOc,
TO-DAY AND TOMORROW
At 8:15 and 8:30 p. m., without fall.
The Great Cinematographic Life-Moving Pic-
tures of
THE PASSION PLAY
AT THE V, M. C. A. AUDITORIUM,
;, Corner of Mason and Ellis ■ streets.
Admission, any seat, afternoon and evening,
25c; children, lac. . '
ASIA, AFRICA and the ANTIPODES
HAVE BENT THEIR FINEST ANIMALS to th* .
.ZOO IN THE CHUTES.
"WALLACE, the Untamable Lion.'.' sub-
dued by. Captain Cardt-io, and attraction*
without number.
• Animals trained from 10 to 2. ;
Open Dally from 10 a. m. to 11:80 p. m. /
10c to All. including Zoo, etc.: Children. sc.
CHIQUITA receives afternoons and evening*.
LANE LECTURE COURSE.
COOPER MEDICAL COLLEGE,
: Corner Sacramento and Webster ata.
FRIDAY. APRIL 15, AT 8 O'CLOCK.
By DR. EMMET RIXFORD,
"VACATION iIN THE HIGH SIERRAS."
SHERMAN CLAY & CO. HALL,
.223 SUTTER STREET. -
Matinee To-day, 3 o'clock. : Last Appearance of
; LITTLE ,. PALOM A * BCHRA.MM, ■•—-■■■-■;■
The . dainty. ■ winsome . little 9-year-old planiste.
An v artist iof the highest . rank. ' Unequaied In '
Europe or America.
78
THE GEBHARDT
TO HUMIDITY.
The Hindoo Filly Ran Cir
cles Around Her Com
pany in the Stake.
The Handicap Captured by
Grady After an Exciting
Finish.
Elamore Scored «t Odds of AO to 1.
Two Favorites In
Front.
The colors of Burns & Waterhouse
were carried to the front in the Geb
hardt stake for two-year-olds, decided
at Oakland yesterday, by Humidity, a
brown filly, by Hindoo, from Calphur
nia. Under the conditions, she had a
pronounced pull in the weights, get
ting in with 107 pounds in the saddle.
Away in the lead, the daughter of Hin
doo made all the running, and at the
wire won. eased up from Sevens, the
second choice, in 1:02. The winner,
coupled with Obsidian, ruled favorite in
the betting. The stake winner, rid
den by Dick Clawson, earned $1300 for
her stable.
The mile and a sixteenth handicap,
with a field of six going to the post,
furnished the most exciting finish of
the afternoon, Grady, Flashlight and
the favorite, Eddie Jones, finishing
heads on the wire. Grady, trailed by-
San Venado, made the running until
well on toward the wire, where Thorpe
on Eddie Jones put in his challenge.
The pair were at it hammer and tongs,
when Spencer on Grady came from be
hind with a terrific rush, snatching vic
tory by a nose in 1:48. Flashlight was
second a scant head before the Burns
& Waterhouse entry- Six to 1 was
chalked against the winner.
The Kittleman Bros, furnished the
favorite in the opening seven-furlong
run. Myth ruled an even money
choice, but Gray took matters too
quietly the first part, and when he
made his run in the stretch, the geld
ing would not respond. In a hurrah
drive at the end Thorpe got
Sly in winner a half length before
Judge Stouffer. The favorite was un
placed. The winner was a 6 to 1
chance.
The Longrstreet filly, Bonita, was
played down to 2 to 1 favoritism to win
the mile selling affair, and also failed
to get inside the money. • In a furious
drive the last part, Elsmore, a 40 to 1
shot, ridden by Mclntyre, got the ver
dict from the second choice, Midian, by
a head, in l:42Vs- Floronso finished in
the show.
Morinel, the shifty daughter of llo
rello, downed an ordinary field in the
seven-furlong run, fifth on the card, the
best of the bunch being Bitter Root
and Montallade. The latter was a
pronounced favorite, but could never
Ket to the front. Bitter Ro<:£ looked
a possible winner at the paddock, but
was beaten out rather easily by Mort
nel.
Tom McOowan scratched Rubicon
from the last number, a mile and a
sixteenth run, and San Marco won eas
ily. The chestnut horse was backed
from 8 to 5 to 8 to 5, and. catching Cas
par in the run home, stalled off Treach
ery and led the mare over the mark
nearly three lengrths.
TRACK NOTES.
R. B. Mllroy, secretary of the California
Jockey Club, received the following message
from Martin Nathenson. secretary of the Har
lem Jockey Club: "We will hold a meeting
beginning on May 24 and ending June 24. Will
give fifteen stakes with from $1000 to $2000
added, entries for which will close on May 15."
Frank Brown, owner of Blarney Stone, King
William, Double Quick and others, leaves for
the East to-day. He will probably be accom
panied on the trip by Dal Hawkins, the light
weight box»r.
Old Red Glenn received strong backing in the
betting on the opening event, and came like a
tornado at the end, taking the show. Tne
ring laid 50 to 1 against him.
Mistleton ran in the colors of the Elmwood
Stock Farm. Mr. Boots almost has a corner In
Brutus stock.
There was plenty of 40 to 1 against Elsmore
at post time, and It went begging. The Burns
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-14-Ist day of the
Winter Meeting, Thursday, April 14, 1898. Weather fine. Traok
fast.
CQQ FIRST RACE— Seven furlongs; Belling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, JSOO.
(874) Sly. 4 106 1 7 44 44. 62 Sl4 14 Thorpe <
174 Judge Stouffer, 4...10S I 5h 514 34 42 2h Spencer <
404 Red Glenn, a 104! 2 8 73 64 64 31 Clawson .... lj
554 Myth. 4 101 6 2h 34 4h 2h 4h Gray 4-
891 Robair, 4 10ft 1 34 21 In In 62 Plgcott '
*«> Olive. 6 V<2 4 748 8 71 63 McDonald .'.'. 3(
885 Spray, 6 109! 8 63 61 74 8 73 Hennessy . l!
898 Salisbury U, B 104| 6 114 11H 2 4 61% 8_ Mclntyre .... 1C
Time, 1:274. Winner. D. M. Hanlon's b. f. by Racine-Aurelia 11. Oood start
cleverly. Second and third driving.
6
6
12
4-6
3
30
15
10
6 (
6 6
2 30
6 1
3 5
10 25
5 60
0 15
Won
6
6
30
1
6
25
60
15
QAn SECOND RACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olds; purse, $360.
Index. Horses. Weight. jSt. Mm. \km. %m. Str. Fin. \ Jo
863 Elsmore 107
892 Mldlan 110]
886 Floronso 107
(£9l) Watomba 1081
CM) Ockturuck 104;
6C7 MlKtlPtnn 107
886 Don Luis 104|
884 Bonito MS
7SO Sadie Schwartz ...102,
758 Loumont ...105|
863 Elsmore 107 8 3 4 11* 1! ... Ins
892 Mldlan 110 9 8 4 73 62 ... 21
886 Floronso 107*7 2h 2h 214 ...34
£91) Watomba 10816 44 5h 4% ... 4 4
SS4) Ockturuck 104 10 61 4 % 8 4 ... 62
567 Mlstleton .107 3 72 6 4 81 ... 6 4
886 Don Luis 104) 4 93 92 92 ... 73
8?4 Bonlto 168] a 11 3 1 6 4 ... g%,
780 Sadie Schwartz ...102 5 6% 8% 714 ... -95
758 Loumont 105 1 10 10 10 ... 10
Time. 1:42%. Winner, D. A. Honig's b. c. by Morello-Elsie 8.
three driving.
9
I 8
i
3 4
84
2 h
4 4
6 1
7 2
9 3
1 1
5 51
10
1 14
7 3
2 h
5 h
4%
6 4
9 2
3 1
8 %
10
1 2
6 2
2 14
\l
8 1
9 2
6 4
7%:
10
1 ns
2 1
8 4
4 4
62
6 4 i
73
8%
' 9 5
10
s Mclntyre ..
Plggott ....
i Dorsey
: Thorpe
Ames
i jHennessy ..
Spencer
, Clawson . . .
Kiley
_ Stout
Good start.
uiii.iui.vre
|Plg(fott
Dorsey
Thorpe
Ames
Hennessy ....
Spencer
Clawson
Kiley
... 12 30
... S 4
4 4
... 6-2 16-5
... 12 20
... 10 25
... 8 15
3 11-5
... 30 300
:: _ L . 60 300
Won first
Stout
901.
THIRD RACE— Five furlongs; two-year-olds; the Gebhardt Stakes; value, $2000.
8«4 Humidity v
564 Sevens l:
(877) Olinthus l:
S.'.S R. Come 1
S2B Milt Young i:
877 Obsidian 1
75fi Mossbrae 1
577 Magdalenes t
|
[I
1 4
I Vi
4 1
7 1
8
.6%
3 1
6 3
i
8
. 7 %
6 2
4 h
6H_
1 4
: 24
8 2
4 4
76
8
iwson
nnessy ....
elds ........
rs'ott ........
6-2
5-2
3
8
10
•
6-2
7-2
9-2
6
12
Sloan
irpe
iy
;ncer ... . . .
• Coupled with Humidity.
Time. 1:02. Winner. Burns & Waterhouse's br. f. by Hindoo-Imp. Calphurnla.
start. Won easing up. Second and third driving. <-*iyuurnia.
Good
902* H u£if~~V-M * " lxteenth mlle8 : fre e handicap; three-year-olds and
■finht.
<846) Grady. 5 107; 1646466 6 Ins Spencer 4 «
SCO Flashlight. 6 11013 if 14 11 11 11 2ns Hennery 7 ' I
(859) Eddie Jones, 3 103 5 3h 8 1 814 3 2 31 . 3 JA4 Thorpe "" if nin
859 San Venado, 3 99,6 2h 2% 2«i 2J4 2n 4 % Gray c ■""— *1 -""K
890 Hey Del Tlerra, 4... 88, 2 6 6 4 % 4 £ 4 % 6 h Woods'"''*'"' :in - I
841 Judge Denny, 5 1104 4 1 4 4 hi 61 4 6 1 6 ClaWson • 6 6
nr BTlt'nre8 Tl t'nr e e I driv,n V g ! o ne OCalO C a l l BrO '' > * Th ™ Cheers-Gold Cup. Good, start. .- Won
" 1
' 3
I 6
I 2
>1 4
If
3 h
2 h
6
4 1
6 4
1 4
8 1
.2*
6
«4
6 6
11 1
814 3
.2% 2
4% 4
52 6
6
11
8 1
2 n
* %
6 1
1 ns
2 ns
3 H»
« %
6 h
6
jencer
ennessy
horpe
ray
'oods
lawpon
4 6
7-2 7
4-5 11-10
6 12
10 6
903 KIFTH RACB - Seven furlongs: selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse, 1400.
Horses.
t9] Morinel, 3
Bitter Root. 3
(TO9) Muntallade, 5
Sol Rose Maid, 3
Bf>6 Castakc, 3
RS2 Don Gara, 6 i
ME Kd Gartland, 3
Joe Mussle, 4
856 Cyaro. 3
2
1
6
4
5
3
7
8
9
4 %
2 £
51 .
6 1
1 h
7 h
3 1
8 &
9
4 %
.214'
6 3 .
6 1
3 14
. 7 24
1 h
8 8
9
.2 4
14
-.-4 %.,
6*4
IS
8 15
' 9-
1 h
2*l
4 2.,
3 n
6%.
7 2
* ? i
s 10
9
114
2 n
3 4
4 8
6 1
. 6 %
72
8 10
9
oi«rii(jer '
PlgSoU .......
Clawson
Woods ....
Gray
McGinn
W. Miller....
Bassinger ..
Devtn ........
I
v
4-5
30
U
30
7
50
60
I
i
200
20
30
4
200
500
Time, :28. Winner, M. Storn"g b. f. by Morello-Sunllt. Good start Won easlw s^T
nnd and third driving. i '' oec "
Ckf\/t SIXTH RACE— One and a
<SJ\J*T» purse, J350. - '. •.
; four-
Marco, 5........ ]
xhery, 6. ;;.*..;.:
>ar, 4 .....■.-.."77.1
: and Dance, a.:
l. 5 ...
diiis, a .........:
1
3
! 5
. 23 .
4 4:
1 n '
6
34 •■:
53.
3 2 8 2 14
2-8% 3 2
24'n 11 ;
6 h .5 %'
1H 4 2tt 4 h
% « 6
c ....
6-5
8
2
Jd ...
y •-..
Time, 1:48. Winner, Miller A Blazer"! oh. h. by imp. St. Blaise- War Dance Oood
•urt. Won easily. Second and third driving.
& Waterhouse cast-off won through a. streak of
good luck, for some of the horses behind him
got wretched rides.
None of the two-year-olds out this way seems
to l>e able to pick up weight and continue
winning. Oltnthus, Formero and Saintly are
shining examples of this assertion. Of the
r.llles, Nick Hall's Sevens appears to be the
best. Magdalenes is possessed of a tremendous
burst of speed, but seems to have gone all to
pieces.
TO-DAYS ENTRIES.
First Race— Five and ft half furlongs; four
year-olds and upward.
831 Celoso 10& I 593 Gold Bug 11l
SB9 Roy Carruthers.lOS ... Lucky D 110
889 Zaralda 106 869 Los Troncos ....111
869 Tom Smith luS 564 Sandow 111 108
BS9 Red Spinner ....111 893 Carter D 108
670 Greenleaf 108 1 882 Rebekah 108
Second Race — One-half mile; two-year-olds;
sell ing.
89f> Faversham 1031 SSB Leo Vertner — 106
80! i Bonlbel 107 1 ... Oymoma I<K
BPfi Zacatosa 103! X 95 Billy Q 103
(BS3)Swec-t Cakes ...lO?! BS3 Merops U3
SST Owyhee 107! »87 Abano 100
<BS7)Canace lOoi 863 Practice 100
(870)OJai 107j 819 Sir Urian ..' 104
863 Beautiful Girl ..100i <
Third Race— Three-quarters of a mile; selling;
three-year-olds.
342 Tempse 103 (7BB)Clpriano 105
... Candidlus 105' BS6 Al Koran 108
867 Mocorlto 103 746 Chihuahua 105
879 Official 10S 886 Valencienne .-.105
660 Rebel Jack 108 SB6 Good Friend /T. .105
417 On Gua Nlta. . ..103: (S3S)Ablna 108
868 Towanda 103 i 856 Qulrte 103
Fourth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; four
year-olds and upward; selling.
871 Paul Pry 107 SR2 Twinkle Twink.lo4
896 Miss Ruth 102 7M Rapldo 104
S9S Dolore 5S 882 Peter II 110
827 SoHlro 100| 599 Robair 103
MC Charles A 104' 848 Metalre 104
867 Fort Augustus. .lo3: 597 Miss Ross 101
Fifth Race— Three-quarters of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
579 Belllcoso 119! 890 McLight 106
874 Pat Murphy 9S| 415 Bernardlllo 104
890 Rubicon 1161 763 Rlcardo 98
892 Oddson 105'
Sixth Race— One mile; three-year-olds and
upward; selling.
867 Moringa 831 893 Donation 99
$;u ThPlma 94 !'O3 Don Gara 93
Ml Chappie 97' S«7 Lott Girl 101
Ssj Yule 901 SSO Imp. Mistral 11.104
798 Meadow Lark ..99, 597 Merry Boy 97
865 H.mnle lone .... SO 891 Whistle Bird ... 92
C>!w.)K*fugee 110
SELECTIONS FOR TO-DAY.
First Race— Gold Bug, Roy Corruthers, O
loso.
Second Race— Sweet Cakes, Bonlbel, OJaJ.
Third Race— Good Friend, Valencienne, Chi
huahua.
Fourth Race— Paul Pry. Robair, Fort Augus
tus.
Fifth Race— McLight, Rubicon, Bellicoso.
Sixth Race— Tule. Donation, Chappie.
THE SYMPHONY
AND THE OPERA.
Ten Thousand Dollars Worth of
Melba Seats Sold— Concert at
Tivoli — Paloma's Recitals.
I This week will have a record of about
a dozen concerts, big and little — too many
for the pecuniary fortunes of their pro-
I moters and the musical health of the
j town. Even yesterday's symphony con- J
I cert at the Tivoli suffered a big drop in ;
patronage, although the programme was (
an alluring one and Mr. Scheel and his i
band were in fine condition. The symphony
was Schubert's C major, which Mr. Scheel
played with such careful facility and il
l lumination and cumulative power that
j the tremendous length and difficulty of
I the work were hardly put to question.
Schumann's "King Manfred" overture j
was finely played, too. except in the clos
ing measures the band was a bit too rigid !
in answering the expressive treatment ,
signaled by the leader. A short symphonic '
poem by Urban, very spirited and humor- j
ous and descriptive of "The Ratcatcher of j
Hammeltn," was played with delightful
spring, and the "Parisian Bacchanale," '
from "Tannhauser," was given in ail its j
gaudy lasciviousness. In both programme '
and performance the concert was notably !
] successful.
All the town is talking Melba, and from
dawn until the closing of the box office
there was a steady line of ticket-seekers
at the California yesterday. The day's
receipts were in the neighborhood of
$10,000. the greater part of which was paid
for the higher priced seats. Melba will
open on Tuesday night In "Traviata";
Thursday night she will sing in "The
| Barber" and Saturday in "Lucia,"
Little Paloma Schramm's precocious
piantstry arid Improvisations amazed an
other audience at the Sherman & Clay
Hall last night. Her farewell recital
takes place this afternoon.
One of the most important musical an
nouncements of the season is that Bee
thoven's Ninth Symphony will be per
formed with the orchestra of sixty and
a chorus of one hundred and fifty at the
benefit to be given Fritz Scheel In the
Metropolitan Temple on the afternoon of
Sunday, May 15.
■ ♦ ■
Dr. Rixford Will Lecture.
The Lane lecture to-night at Cooper
Medical College will be by Dr. Emmet
Rixfnrd upon "Vacation In the High
Sierras." He will illustrate It by stereop
ticon views.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Progress Mutual Loan Association to Ephrlam
Weiss, lot on E line of Baker. 74:4% S of
Washington. S 25 by E 108:3; $10.
Emile Luttringer to Richmond J. Luttringer,
lot on N line of Eighteenth, 202:10% E of Guer
rero. W 28:1%. N 100, E 24. SE to beginning;
John S. and Sophia E. Morgan to J. S. Mor
gan & Sons (a corporation), lot on NE corner
of Twenty-fourth and Dolores streets, E 117:6
to Quince alley, by N 61; grant.
Sally R. Clark (wife of W. C.) to James M.
Talbert, lot on W line of Second avenue. 125
N of Clement street. N 25 by W 12); $10.
Percy and Emllle S. Beamish to Jacob H.
Neustadter, lot on SE corner of Tenth and
Point Lobos avenues. E 32:6 by S 100; $10.
Andrew N. and Gainor G. Altken to James
Ross, lot on NE corner of Montlcello and
Shields streets. E 60 by N 100, lets 7 and 8,
block 10, City Land Association; $10.
Alice and John H. Dolan to John Blggart,
lot on SW corner of Augusta and Elmlra
(Utah) streets, W 100 by S 100, lots 455 to 458.
Silver Terrace Homestead; $10.
Martin B. Joost. Harry G. and Adam M.
Dahler to John A. Miller, M.D.. lot on W line
of Corbett street (road), 284:6 S of Diamond
alley, S 30 deg. 35 mm., W 47:llvfe by N 61 deg.
22 mm., W 10:<:3, N 19 deg. 11 mill.. E 43:9%, S
64 deg. 15 mm., E 118:5. lot 12, block 23. Mar
ket-street Homestead; $10.
Sarah N. Morris to Charles S. Wheeler, lot
on N line of O'Farrell street, 46:2 W of La
guna, W 27:6 by N 94:6; $10.
B. E. and Nellie F. Henriksen to Robert Ple
per, lot on NW corner of Beulah and Shrader
streets, N 25 by W 106 :S; $10.
Minna Rohrer to Jacob Adams, undivided
ty of lot on SW corner of Nineteenth street and
Treat avenue, W 120 by S 100; TlO.
Lucius L. Solomons (by Benjamin Harris and
Harry Block, trustees) to Leo 1752 d 318.
lot on NW corner of Washington and Stone
Btreets, W 24 by N 60: also :ot on S line of
Sutter street. 160 E of Jonee, E 45:10 by S
137:6, trustees' deed; $4100.
Rosalia and Palvatore Mazza to Mateo De
luca, undivided % of lot on N line of Kent
street, 100 TV of Mason. W 37:6 by N 75; $10.
Jacob and Elizabeth Adams to Fritz Krugg
and Phllllpp Zimmermann (Krug & Zimmer
man), lot on N line of Lombard street, 55 E of
Jones, E 27:6 by N 100; $10.
Kleta and Georg-e E. Tourtlllotte to Henry
Stelling Sr., lot on E line of Leavenworth
street, 86 N of Pine, N 25 by E 80; $10.
Daniel and Jane C. Maclean to N. G. TV.
Grunberg, lot on north line of Ellis, 137:6 W
of Pteiner. W 34 by N 137:6: $W.
Crocker Estate Company to John J. Carroll, lot
on north line of Frederick street, 125 TV of
Cole, W 25 by N 100; $10.
Albert M. and Elizabeth A. Whittle to John
Stlerlen, lot on northwest corner of Frederick
and Shrader streets, N 25 by TV 81:3; $10.
John and Luna Stierlen to A. P. Woodward,
samp; $10.
Joseph Young to Peter and Julia t'nrath, lot
on east line of Mission street, 160 N of Twenty
nrßt. N 25 by E 122:6; J4OOO.
Annie Ingham. Kate Keleher, Josephine,
Thomas and Willie O'Connell to Kllpn O'Con
nell, lot on west line of Stevenson street, 185
N of Nineteenth. N 25 by TV 80; gift.
Bert E. Wertheimer (by Charles A. Adams,
attorney) to Hibernla Savings and Loan So
ciety, lot on southeast line of Park Lane
North, 212 8W of Second. SW 22 by SE 98; $10.
Edgar B. and Elizabeth Clark to Mrs. Susan
Q. Hills, wife of Joel F. Hills, lot on west line
of Eleventh avenue, 125 N of Point Lobos ave
nue. N 50 by W 120; $10.
Rachel and Samuel Gutman to Joseph F.
Dolan, lots 1307 to 1312 Gift Map No. 2; $10.
Nancy Henshaw, wife of John Henshaw to
Julia B. Staples^ wife of Lyman D. Staples,
lot 12, block A, Park Lane tract, on East Hat
tie, between Seventeenth and Eighteenth; gift.
William J. Killip to Charles H. Athearn. es
tate Jasper N. Killip (No. 18,995), deed and as- v
slgnment; $10,000.
Behrend Joost et al. to Nicholas Ohlandt e>t
al., will appear in full in next issue.
Clement Reudln to Antolne Korel. lot on SW
corner of Bush and Broderick streets, W 34 by
S 100; $10.
Antoine and Grade Borel to Julia Mll»s
(wife of Joseph), lot on N line of Filbert street,
100 TV of Baker, TV 25 by N 137:6; $10.
Elizabeth I. Foster to Fanny J. Whltaker
and Ella R. Couch, lot on NW corner of
Golden Gate avenue and Baker street, N 100
by W 50; $10.
Robert Faessler to Kate C. W. Post (wife
of C. E.). lot on TV line of Spruce street. 100
N of Clay, N 27:8% by W 137:6: $10.
Same, by John H. Grady (attorney) to F.
Earle Rich, lot on NW corner of Clay and
Spruoe streets, TV 37:6 by N 100; $10.
City and County of San Francisco to James
Perry, lot on S line of Brosnan street, 155 W
of Valencia, W 150. S .10, W 7". N 30, W 45.
S 82. E 42. S 30. E 63:2%, N 6:7. E 169:9%, N
75:5.
Solon Pattee to same, lot on S line of Bros
nan street, 155 TV of Valencia, TV 150, S 30,
W 70, N 30, W 45, S 82, TV 21:6. S 98. E 25.
N 98 E 91:6, N 7, E 175, N 75, quitclaim deed;
$10.
John H. and Margaret J. Read to George F.
Ewlng, lot on E line of Alabama street, 134 S
of Twenty-third, S 26 by E 100; $10.
Martin J. and John J. McLaughlin and Cath
erine F. Furlong to Thomas F. McLaughlin,
lot on S line of Eighteenth street, 105 E of
Noe. E 25 by S 114: $1378.
Jacob and Llna Heyman (by Oscar Heyman,
attorney) to William E. Foley, lot on N line
of Alvarado street. 150 W of Hoffman avenue
(Ellen). W 25, N 78:1, NE 31:5%, S 87:2, lot 156,
Heyman Tract; $10.
Edward T. Menomy to Johanna Bushman,
lot on N line of Chestnut street, 187:6 W of
Kearny, TV 30 by N 137:6; gift.
Giovanni Cavagnaro to Maurice and Charlie
Cavagnaro, lot on W line of Varennes street,
77:6 S of Filbert, S 20 by TV 6<) ueserviag life
estate to first party)); gift, $10.
Henry Matthews and J. E. Millar to Adeline
L Holt, lot on NW corner of Stockton and
Greenwich streets, N 45:5 by TV 81:4, quitclaim
deed; $6.
Adelaide L. Holt to Hugh and Ellen Mc-
Neely, Bame; $10.
Neal McLaughlin to Bridget McLaughlin, let
on S line of Jessie street. 350 W of Fifth, TV 25
by 8 70; also lot on TV line of Sixth avenue, 275
8 of C street. S 25 by TV 120; gift.
Patrick Mullan to May L. Blake (wife of
Thomas F.). lot on SE line of Clary street, 350
SW of Fifth, SW 25 by SE 80; $10.
Martin J. McLaughlin to Thomas F. and
John J. McLaughlin and Catherine F. Furlong,
tot on NW line of. Natoma street, 175 NE of
Seventh, NE 75 by NW 75; $10.
Frank W. and Emma A. Fuller to William
Boerlcke, lot on W line of Twenty-first avenue,
200 S of Lake street, S 100 by TV 120; $10.
Burton N. Hardiman to Solomon Getz, lot on
S line of X street, 82:6 TV of Eleventh avenue,
W 25 by S 100; $10.
Jacob B. Reinsteln to Herman Brown, lots
180 and 182. gift map No. 1; $10.
James Ross to Mary J. Withington, lot 7,
block 10, City Land Association; $10.
Thomas Magee to Lovell White, block L,
Silver Terrace, less N 15 feet for Thornton ave
nue; $10.
Elise Koster (wife of Herman H.) to Fritz
Fischer, lot on E line of Palmer street, 95:6 S
of Fatrmount. S 25, E 82:6, N 25, W 91, block 15,
Fairmount; $5.
Alameda County.
William H. G. West to Maria L. West, lot
on E line of Hannah street, 125 N qf B. E 133
by N 50, being subdivisions B and C of lot 2,
block 798. Watts Tract, Oakland; gift.
Ann Sommer to Walter M. Heywood. lot on
S line of Cedar street, 201:8 W of Shattuck ave
nue, W 33:4 by S 141, being a portion of Golden
Gate Homestead, Berkeley: gift.
T. J. Carr to Sophy M. Carr, lot 33, block E,
of the eastern extension of Pleasanton, Murray
Township; gift.
Refugio B. Fells to Bridget M. Coetello, 11.15
acres on the NE corner of plot 48, Bernal,
portion Ranchn el Valle de San Jose, in center
county road Pleasanton to Sunol, thence SW
10.97 chains, BW 10.2 chains, NE 15.28 chains,
NE 8.62 chains to beginning, Murray Town
ship; $10.
Mathlas Petersen to Jacob C. Schmidt, lot
on E line of Ettle street, 34 N of A, N 30 by
E 100. block 794, Watts Tract, Map 2, Oak
land: $10.
Anna H. Benedict to Joseph H. Simpson, lot
on N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth street,
469 W of Telegraph avenue, W 30 by N 119:10,
Oakland; $10.
James L. and Mary C. Barker to Daniel B.
Hodgsdon, lot on XW corner of Channlng way
and Ellsworth street, W 75 by N 130, block 13,
College Homestead Association, Berkeley; $10.
L. E. White to Samuel Wilkes. lot on W line
of Sixth street, 271:2 N of Delaware, N 25 by
W 131, block 86, Tract B, Berkeley Land and
Town Improvement Association, Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Raymond
8. Kitchener, lot 22, block 10, Allendale Tract,
Brooklyn Township; $10.
W. C. Murdoch (as guardian estate C. E.
Hamilton, minor) to John J. Crawford, undi
vided 4-8 interest In lot on NE corner Union
Btreet and Central avenue, E 100 by N 207:6,
Alameda; $4800.
Edward Feusier to Mary P. Feusier, 40 acres,
being the SE Vi of SE hi section 12, township
4 S, range 1 W, Murray Townnhip; gift.
Olive J. and L. M. McKenney and Alton
H. Clough (by commissioner) to Oakland Bank
of Savings, lot on S line of Elm street. 164
E of San Pablo avenue, E 47 by S 100, block
Q, Kelsey Tract, Oakland; $3023.
Howard S. and Rebecca A. Pratt and Robert
Brown et al. (by commissioner) to Lowell J.
Hardy, lot on E line of Claremont avenue, 166:6
5 of Clifton street, 8 60 by E 2C6.21, N 61.91.
W 2H2.87 to beginning being lot 17, belne a
subdivision of blocks H and I, Vernon Park
Tract, Oakland Annex: $2802.
Michael Wagner to Robert O. Bailey, lot 1,
block D, Amended Map Fairview Tract, Oak
land Township; $10.
Robert O. and Margaret M. Bailey to Frank
W. Sharpe, same, Oakland Township; $10.
P. R. Boone to Commercial Bank of Berkeley,
lot on N line of Durant avenue, 209:1QV4 W of
Hhattuck avenue. W 75 by N 130, block 1, Bar
ker Tract, Berkeley; $100.
Louisa J. and James Vance to Elmer K.
Cole, lot on N line of Dwleht way, 300 E of
Fulton street, E 60 by N 135. block 4, College
Homestead. Berkeley; SlO.
O. L. Shafter Estate company to Mary E.
Alexander, lot beginning at a point on the W
line of lot 7 of Shafter property, 60 N from N
line of Haste street. N 75, E 20. S 75, W 20, to
beginning, being portion of block 8, same,
Berkeley; $10.
Henry Z. and Sarah M. Jones to Joanna Bar
nett (wife of D.), lots 11 and 12, block 12,
Allendale Tract, Brooklyn Township: $10.
Andy L. Stone to Edwin B. Hays, lot on NW
line of Michigan avenue, 76.32 NE of Elm
street. NW 120 by NE SO. being lots 281 and 282,
Madison square Brooklyn Township; $10.
Joseph E. Thorn to Christina Thorn, 192.53
acres, being the NW \k of SW % and fractional
E Hof SW % of section 25 and S H of SE U of
section SO. all in Township 2 south. Range 2
east, quitclaim deed, Murray Township; $10.
W. H. Cornell to N. P. Dann, lot on E line
of Center street, 183 S of Third. S 26 by E 169
block 450, Oakland; $10.
Lizzie C. Horton to J. R. Horton, lot on E
line of Union street. 2.11 :SV4 N of Eighth, N 38
by E 133:3, to correct 58fi d 317, Oakland: $W.
Mary Corbett to Michael Ccrbett, lot on El
line of Idaho street. 325 S of Blackstone S 25
by B 100, being lot 30, block B, Vohr Tract,
Berkeley: also lot on E line of Spauldlng ave
nue. 101.55 S of Bancroft way, E 99.25, S 67.41,
TV 129.25, i\ 61.55, to beginning, block 4, Spauid
ing Tract, Berkeley; gift.
Leon Golly to Martrretha Schwerdt, lot on
NE corner of West Twelth and Myrtle streets,
N 110:9, E 100, S 136:9, TV 103:1% to beginning,
block 569, Oakland; $10.
A. J. McKinnon and B. D. Macdonald to P.
L., T. R. and Edward D. Bassett. lot on N
line of Sixth street. 100 E of Brush, E 25 by N
100, block 70. quitclaim deed, Oakland; $6.
Charles R. Root to same and Henry F. Baa
sett, same, Oakland; quitclaim deed; $5.
Roy E. and Minnie Laneworthy, James J.
and Lillle Mackey and Alcyone Hill (by com
missioner) to Citizens' B. and L. Association,
lot on NTV line of L-jcksley avenue, 133 SW of
Clifton street, SW 35:4 by NW 100, being por
tion of Locksley square, Oakland Annex; $1571.
S. F. Savings Union to Byron E. Underwood
and Frank B. Armstrong, lot on W r line of
Walnut street, 173-1 S of Cedar. S 200 by TV 125,
being lots is to 21. block C. Percy Tract,
Berkeley; $10.
Rolin P. and Sarah R. Saxe to Homer P.
Saxe, lot on S line of Lincoln avenue, on W
boundary of lot 22 of B. L Jones' survey of
1-aore lots, thence 73:4. S 123:6. W 73:4, N to
beginning, being the W % of lot 22 of B. L.
Jones' survey of 1-acre lots and being portion
of James J. Foley's Tract. Alametla; $5.
B. and Fannie L Van Dusen to Mary A. Mc-
Intosh. lot on NW line of Eighth avenue, 150
NE of East Nineteenth street, NE 60, NW 140,
NE 15, NW 10 SW 75. SE 150 to beginning.
Block 119, Clinton Tract, East Oakland; $1.
Mary and Frank Cuilho to Frank H. Garcia,
lot on SW line of East Sixteenth street, 125 NW
of Nineteenth avenue, NW 25 by SW 140, being
lot 18, block 27, San Antonio, East Oakland;
$10.
Lawrence Kehoe to Mlha Jaklic, lot on W
line of Kenned- street 100 S of Dennison, S
30 by TV 125. block D Shell Mound Tract, East
Oakland; $10.
Martha G. Bailey to Ellen Kruger, lot on S
line of Dwlght way, 329.36 E from E line of the
right of way California and Nevada Railway,
E 443.39, SE 155 17 | ' 432 91, N 138.66 to begin
ning, block E, Valley Road Tract, Berkeley;
Frederick Meyers to Jean and Helolse Rlgo
tard, lot on W line of Sixth street, 252 N of
Charming way, N 50 by W 136. being lot 11,
block 126, Corrected Map of Raymond Tract,
Befkeley; $10.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
Youths' Directory (owners) with Thomas But
ler (contractor), architect Charles J. I. Dev
lin, excavations, brickwork, terra cotta. granite,
cast and wrought Iron work for a four-story
brick building on SE corner of Nineteenth
street and Mission avenue (Angelica street), S
228, E 183, N 114 W 50 NW to Nineteenth. W
102, M. B. 72; $26[991.
Same with J. F. Sullivan (contractor), archi
tect same, painting, graining, varnishing and
kaisomining for same on same; $1875.
Same with G. C. .Sweeney (contractor) archi
tpot same, plumbing, gasfitting and drainage
systems for same on Fame; $5577.
Same with J. W. Smith -ontractor) archi
tect same, carpentry. Joinery a-nd mill work,
glass, hardware, marble and tile work, stair
and elevator work for samp on same; $17,390.
Same with Martin Carrlck (contractor) ar
chitect same, lathing, plastering and cement
ing for same on same; $2576.
John Blaney (owner) witn Charles F. Shelb
ley (contractor), architect Fred B. Wood, all
work for a three-story frame building with
basement, on SW corner of Ellis and Cohen
place, S 64:6 by W 56; fStOO.
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
GRAND HOTEL.
Mrs E J Swanson r . Cal F Roeendale. Tulare
E Dlnkelsplel, Sulsun E A Montgomery, Aus
L A Merritt, Woodland O F Axtell & w, Cal
> J F Littlefleld, Sonora M P Ppencer & d, Cal
G E Milnes &w, Cal Miss E J Llndsley, Cal
Hb.ibh S 'u*ajo H A Miss J C Llndsley, Cal
C J Schuster, Sonoma F T Barnes, S Diego
J Landon, Colusa C H Fernwlll, Stktn
M X Cady, Sonoma J Gallagher, Fresno
M D O'Cnnnell, Cal A C White, Stktn
W P Morgans, S Clara 1 J J Pratt. Yuba City
PTV Henry, Portland , L W Phlnn, Cal
J R Meek, Ft Bragg iJ L Thompson, Cal
J A Whlpple, Ft Bragg 1 C W Kryor, Cal
Mr McGrath & w, AusMrs J H Loring, Cal
M M Wilkie. N Z Mrs W M Garrett, Cal
M C Clark, Gonzalea P Holmes. L Ang
J H Tebbetts, Cal F B Hood, Sulsun
D A Madira A w, Cal E Swlnfnrd, Colusa
C Madira, NY T A Sanders, Sacto
Mrs H A Newkirk & A J Davis, Colusa
c, Chicago J TV Browning, G I
Miss M Newkirk, Chgo T W O'Xeil, Sacto
E Johnson & w, Cal Mrs Waite. Mich
J Pfelffer, N V Miss A Mrßrown, Mich
II Foy, Seattle E de la Seusta, S B
E H Robinson, Seattle C T Gllger, Hueneme
R B Vroman, NY G Thomas & w, Chgo
B Bannes, NY C W Clark. Redlands
E E Panton, Honolulu F Keller, Selma
P J Hunck, Chico | J D Wilder, S Ana
PALACE HOTEL.
A X Bedell, NY D T Day, Wash
Dr. TV Bedell. NY T J Field, Monterey
C Hume. Stanford Mrs Field, Monterey
G B Jacobs, N I 0 G Sage, Sacto
C B Whiting, Conn A Luldlnghaus, St Ls
W Strohe, L Ang Mrs Luidinghaus, S L
J B Qulgley. Sacto W W Chapfn, Sacto
J P Whitney, Cal J T Phelpe, Boston
Mrs Whitney, Cal Mrs Phelps, Boston
Mrs E McMullan, N V Miss Phelps. Boston
J Shoemaker, Eureka Mrs Smith & m, N V
N Bowen, 3 Joe« E C Bodman, N V
W P Lyon, Frewio Mn Bodman, N V
I Hauser. St Louis Mrs A Spring, N V
E P Turner. Dallas Miss E Spring, N V
Mrs Turner, Dallas Miss A Spring, N V
Mrs Baltlett, Vt Mrs Bean, S Joee
Mrs Stedman, Vt Miss Bean, S Jose
F M FlKher, Vt R Richardson, Omaha
X N 'uosjoihx a V J Peakes, S Cruz
J R Tlllr.tson. NY H Scheibe. Germany
G Kndlcott, Boston E Abadle & w, Mexico
J Jeffrey, N V I Miss Bettman. Clnn
A Hazelton, N V U Cross & w, St Louis
C Mllman. Milwaukee A Schroeder&w. St L
W 1) Tobey, Carson N* Brokaw & w, Wls
Miss Tobey, Carson T P Spiers, S Jose
BALDWIN HOTEL.
W Ryan, Dixon B P Barker, Ltvennore
Mr? Ryan, Dixon Dr Luhn, Spokane
J Michel, N V J McCudden, Cal
J Smith, Petaluma Miss McCuddan, Cal
A W Brooks, Stockton Miss A Bortan, Sacto
C ZMgenfuss, Fresno J Downing. Kansas Cy
P C Tanner. Fresno Mrs Downing, Kansas
H itruner. Sltka "V '1 M»W*»«tM ji Ai
.1 H Levy, NY W McCullam, Cal
Mrs J H Levy. N V I- Goldwater, Cal
G Srhwarth. Sacto T Cobb, Stockton
Mrs Bchwarth. Sacto O A Hale, San Jose
W H Huff, Cal A J Pett, Milwaukee
Mrs J A Rice. L Gatoa W J Kelly, Sacto
W Ilnowles, L Gatos
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
J "Wilson, Napa F E Hill. N V
A Charles, Sacto D J O'Neill. Portland
A Cohen, Visalla P E Rogers, Cal
Miss Miller. Callstoga. W H Hardenberg & w,
G Fairley, Seattle San Jose
W B Ayres, Cal W Loughlln, Bakersfld
G Smith, Davlsvllle J Newcomb. L Gatoa
C fullato, Cal .1 A Poole. Fresno
A Wren, Carson City M Harrison, Marysvtlle
J Markus. St Louis F Grady, Stockton
H Williams, Portland P R Fleming, Cloverdl
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived April 14— Schr Ida
Schnauer, hence March 23.
FORT ROSS— Arrived April 14— Schr La
Chilean, hence 13th.
CASPAR— SaiIed April 14— Schr Maxim, for
San Francisco.
6AN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night In the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay: open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street: open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkin street: open v. Ml 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street: open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
1626 Mission street: open until 9 o'clock.
1606 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
N. W. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until 9 o'clock.
MEETING NOTICES.
CALIFORNIA Commandery No. 1. K. «-_£ —
T., Masonic Temple, Post and Mont-^iSf*
gomery Kts.— Regular assembly THIS [111
. (FRIDAY) EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. W,
Order of the Temple. All . raters are cour-
teously Invited. " _
SIR JOHN P. FRASER, Em. Com. ,
SIR HIMAM T. GRAVES. Recorder.
YERBA BUENA Chapter No. i, . — L, — ,
Knights Rose Croix— Election of —Gjh — I
officers THIS '(FRIDAY) EVEN- &
ING, April 15. at 8 o'clock. /
GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. V,
YERBA BUENA Lodge of Perfection "Sf
No. I— Regular meeting THIS ■ (FRI- A
DAY) EVENING, April IS. ■ at ' 7:30 /HV
o'clock. D 6. GEO. J. HOBE, Sec. . «&2
REGULAR meeting of : the Caledo- v Or w. '
ninn Club THIS EVENING at 8 Ok. &M/ 2
' o'clock— f business tin', regard ' "xjj^jyt* '
'to the annual gathering and games. Vi^fc
Scottish Hall, 111 Larkln st. ■•.-•■• ■ .
< JOHN REID, Chief.
JAS.H. DUNCAN. Secretary. ,
im'iiu-.M> not. <:«•■.
DIVIDEND Notice— Dividend : No. 64 (forty
cents per share) of the HUTCHINSON
■J- SUGAR PLANTATION; COMPANY :; will be
; payable .at the : office •of th? company, :■. 327
Market st. on and after Wednesday, April
20, 1898. Transfer books will close on Thurs-
• day, April 14, 1898, at 3 o'clock p. m. • - .
: • ■_■■:■: ■■■■-■'■ E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
SPECIAL NOTICES. !
THEY are : closing out underwear, hosiery,
, gloves, " corsets, veiling, ;^ yarns, laces, cur-
. tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., ..very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Filth st. : :. •■:.'■
NOTICE Is hereby given that the following
orphans, half-orphans and abandoned girls
have been received at Maria Kip Orphanage
from January 1 to April 1. 1898: Adah Lois
Madellen. age 3 years; Mary Josephine
O'Neill, age 3 years 1 month; Ida Brown, age
9 years 8 months; Fannie Lowans, age 9
years; Pauline Brown, age 6 years 10 months;
Mlliieent Huntinyton, age 4 years.
SPECIAL NOTlCES— Continued.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 995 Market, near Sixth,
room 14.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 415 Montgomery- st., room 6; tel. 6580.
MISS L. DEAN, genuine Turkish baths. 906
Market St., room 29, second floor.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post st., room iO, aecond floor front.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 15H Turk and HIS Market, rms. 15-16.
MISS MAYS, genuine alcohol. Turkish and
magnetic baths. 1007 Market St., room 2.
EDNA V. GRANT, genuine massage baths.
215 Keamy st., room 2.
ROOMS papered from J2 60; whitened *1. 543
Third st. and 280S Twenty-fourth.
MME, HANSEN, latest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS. STEWERT, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120H Geary st., room 11.
MISS ANDERSON, baths, massage; Swedish
movement. 006 Market, room 25, second floor.
SITUATIONS A'ANTED— FEMAJLM.
THOROUGHLY competent German woman de-
sires situation where she can have her daugh-
ter with her, who is a highly educated girl;
mother fine dressmaker ajid cook or house-
keeper. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
NEAT young German girl desires situation as
nurse or second girl or housework: $1.) to $15;
references. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
FIRST-CLASS Swedish laundress desires sltua-
tlon; beat references; :ity or country. MISS
CULLEN, 325 Sutter rit,
AT THE Swedish and German Employment
Bureau a number of first-class girls await-
lng situations. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter.
2 GERMAN cooks, best of reference, desire
situations. J. F. CROSETT & CO., 316 Sutter.
REFINED young girl as lady's maid or com-
panion; would travel; also take entire charge
of children and sew; object home rathor than
wages. Address Immediately, box 3284. Call.
POSITION wanted as useful maid to lady going
to England or care of children; good traveler;
highest references. MISS LEE, Twenty-
third aye. postofffce, East Oakland.
WANTED— By woman with little girl, general
housework, wages $20, or hotel work; coun-
try greatly preferred. Address or call 645
California St., room 6.
COMPETENT woman wishes situation to do
housework; Is good cook and will do small
washing; city or country; wages $15. Address
box 3290, Call office.
WANTED— Position as governess or lady's
companion by a well educated woman; music,
French, drawing and painting. Address box
3285, Call office.
RESPECTABLE young woman, with child,
wishes position as housekeeper; fond of chil-
dren; no objection to country. Apply 218
Eddy st.
DANISH girl wishes to do general housework
and cooking In American family; wages $20.
513 McAllister st.
YOUNG girl wants situation; good plain cook
and washing; city reference; IVi years at last
place. "31 Folsom st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes situation Im-
mediately; city or country; koou cook and
general housework. Address box 3239, Call.
MIDDLE-AGED German woman wishes any
kind of work by the day or week; $1 per day
and car fare. Call for 2 days at 222 ! ,n Fourth.
DRESSMAKER from the East, first-class cut-
ter and fitter, goes out by the day; makes
suit In one day. Call 469 Hayes st.
SITUATION wanted as cashier or In photo-
graph gallery or saleslady. Box 3280, Call.
WOMAN wishes to go out by the day to do
laundry work In private families. 1224 Union.
DRESSMAKER desires a few engagements In
private families, or will take work at her
home. First-class cutter and fitter; best ref-
erence. MRS. CHAPMAN, 80S Twenty-sev-
enth st., bet. San Pablo and West, Oakland.
MIDDLE-AGED woman with a child 9 years
of asre wishes position as housekeeper; no
objections to small distance In country. MRS.
COOK, 1111 Jones st.
NEAT reliable elderly Ai-iprican woman de-
sires position, cooking, washing and the care
of children; has references; widower's family
-referred; wages $10 month. Box 3267,, Call.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
SITUATION wanted by a young woman;
washing, ironing, housework or any kind of
work by the day. Call at 326 Minna st.
COMPETENT woman wants position as cook
or housekeeper in mining town or small
ranch. 310 Sixth st.
LADY wishes situation an housekeeper; speaks
French and German; city preferred. Ad-
dress or call at 138 A Fourth St., room 4.
YOUNG woman wishes situation to do house-
keeping; no objection to short distance In
country. Call or address 1104 Mission St., r. 10.
YOUNG Scandinavian woman with a child
wishes position as housekeeper; wages no ob-
ject. Address box 3268, Call office.
DANISH girl wants work by the day- plain
washing and general housework. 1331 Fulton.
GOOD dressmaker wants few more engage-
ments; Jl 50 day; references. 112 Taylor st.
EXPERT hand massage treatment for reduc-
ing flesh: guaranteed. MRS. K. L., box 3258
Call office.
TWO competent women want positions In
Skaguay as cooks, waitresses or housekeep-
ers. Box 3262, Call office.
YOUNG woman wants work by the day; Is a
good seamstress or would do mending; jl 25
per day. 615 Post st.
MONTGOMERY, 627, cor. Clay— Open until 9:3»
o'clock; branch office of The Call; subscrlp-
tlons and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS M ANTED— HALS.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help:
tel. Main 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
JAPANESE Employm't Office— Best help and
Northern Hsclnc: Co. 180S Polk; tel. Polk 422.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 414% OFarrell St.; tel. East 42«.
JAPANESE. Chinese. Employm't Office; choice
help: tel. Grant s<l Geo. Aoki, SO Gear- st.
MIDDLE-AGED Eastern man wants any kind
light work; tend bar or family liquor store;
can get up a bar lunch; watchman or porter
about a store, or any kind light work where
a reliable man would prove useful; small
wages to start. Call or address PETER
MORROW, 435 Pine st.
SITUATION wanted by a capable gentleman
acquainted with the trade in wholesale pro-
duce business to act as porter, salesman
or bookkeeper; best references; bonds fur-
nished. Address C. MATSON, 668 Walnut aye
SITUATION wanted by a young German man
of steady habits as cook in a private fam-
ily or waiter in a restaurant. Address 429^4
Ivy aye.
YOUNG man wishes employment in sausage
factory or pork packing: good experience;
references. Address box 3280, Call office.
YOUNG man wishes a position in law office
or office work; best of references; wages no
object. Address box 3256. Call office.
FLORlST— Situation as salesman and designer
by young man; can give first-class references.
Address B. ML, 1757 Howard st.
GERMAN gardener, married, wants position
by day or month, wife willing to do washing
or other housework. Address 1209 Stevenson.
MAN and wife want situations to work In pri-
vate place; woman a first-class cook and man
understands gardening and milking cows. 728
Chestnut St., Oakland.
GERMAN, speaking English, very handy with
tools, wishes work of any kind; city or coun-
try; best references; moderate wages. Box
3273, Call office.
JAPANESE first-class schoolboy wants posi-
tion to do housework and wait; has good ex-
perience. T. YAMANAKA, 410 Franklin st.
SITUATION wanted by a first-class pain-.er
and wood-polisher. Address Palnt-ir, box 5?72,
Call Office.
WANTED— Position as collector, cashier, etc. ;
cash security if desired. Box 3174. Call office.
GARDENER— Situation wanted; practical ex-
perience in vegetables, flowers, fruit, green-
houses; town or country; 1C years' best of ref-
erence; total abstainer; English; single; age
30. FREDERICK MUNNINGS, Chicago Park.
Nevada County, Cal.
YOUNG man. graduate of the horse-training
school In Milan, Italy, wishes a position
training fine saddle and biiggy horses for pri-
vate use. Address box 320 a. Call office.
WANTED by young man, German, kitchen
work, assist in cooking, waiting, saloon or
other work; city or country. Address H
VIETITZ, 13G Sixth St., room 7.
STRONG young man, handy with tools, wishes
a position in machine shop. Address HENRY
FORBES, 304 Van Ness aye.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris. 15 Grant ay.
YOUNG Irishman of steady habits wants posi-
tion of any kind; good milker and can take
care of horses. 1208 William st.
SITUATION wantr by a steady and sober
man; thoroughly understands the care of
horses, driving, garden, cows; references;
city or country; moderate wages. Box 32»3,
Call office.
MAN and wife want situations to take care of
house; city or country. Box 3148. Call office.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St.. near Mar-
ket: 20 rooms, 25c to SI 50 night; $1 50 to $6
week; convenient und respectable; fre* 'bus
and baggage to and from fer y.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FEMALE HELP WANTED.
NURSE, $20; second girl. $25; German second
girl, Alameda, $20; second girl, city, 2 In fam-
ily. $-v: housegirl, 2 in family, i&>; German
housegirl. $20; housegirl, no cooking. $15:
young girl, assist, $12, no codk. Mrs. Norton.
6ECOND girl, $12; nurse girl, $10; house girl,
$16, 2 in family. MRS. NORTON, 523 Sutter.
HOUSE GIRL, Alameda, 2 In family, $25, see
party here. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
2 WAITRESSES, Santa Cruz. $20; 4 waitresses,
summer resort, $20; 2 chambermaids to wait,
summer resort, $20; restaurant waitress, $25,
country; 3 restaurant waitresses, city, $6
week; waitress, Reno, fare advanced; 2 wait-
resses, $1S and $20. C. R. HANSEN & CO.,
104 Geary st.
BRIGHT, neat girl for dishwashing and house-
cleaning, steady place, $17 50. see party here.
C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st.
EXPERIENCED woman for cleaning and
pressing in dye house near city, $10 a week,
call early. C. R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
IRONERS, fancy and plain work, city. C. R,
HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary »t.
COOK, $20. and second girl, $18. call early; B
girls for country, $18 to $25; 10 girls for city,
$20 to $25: young girls, $15 to $20. C. R. HAN-
SEN & CO., 104 Geary St.
FRENCH maid and travel. $25. MISS CUL-
LEN, 326 Sutter st.
FRENCH cook, $20. MISS CULLEN. 326 Sut-
ter st.
HOUSEWORK, 2 In family, $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter St.
COLORED cook, 2 in family, $20. MISS CCJk-
LEN. 326 Sutter st.
DISHWASHER, $20 per month. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman as working house-
keeper, $15. MISS CULLEN, 326 Butter st.
COLORED maid, $25 per month; sleep home.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
MIDDLE-AGED woman, 2 In family, $12. MISS
CULLEN, 326 Sutter st.
RANCH cook, $30 per month. MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
FRENCH governess $36; second girl, $2R: nurse,
$20; 2 cooks, $30 and $35; 10 girls, housework,
Jl5 to $30; 6 young girls, assist. $10 to $12.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter st.
SWEDISH second girl, $20. ' MISS CULLEN,
325 Sutter st.
6 COOKS, hotels and private families, $25, $20
and $30; 3 waitresses, different places, $20 and
found; chambermaid, $20; 2 cooks for ranches,
$20 and $15; 5 girls for housework, $15, $20;
second girl for American family, $20; dish-
washer for an institution, $20 and found; and
other places. MURRAY & READY. Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634 and 636 Clay st.
COOK, German style, $30; laundress, $20; 2 Ger-
man and French nurses, $20 and $25; pastry
j cook, $35; 4 waitresses, $20, and $5 and $6
week; girl for housework, a short distance,
$25; and a great many girls to fill our nu-
merous situations in city and country. J. F.
CROSETT & CO.; 316 Sutter st.
Business positions for 2 enterprising busi-
ness ladies; $10 weekly each. 313 Bush st.
LADY accountant and office matron; $10 to
$15 weekly; permanent. 313 Bush st. ■
YOUNG lady cashier and correspondent; select
and refined business. Bush st.
SALESLADY, sodawater counter; 3 salesla-
dies, millinery; office clerk. 313 Bush st.
KITCHEN girl, Institution. $12; girl, Berkeley,
$25; Alameda, $20; colored girl, city, $18;
number housework girls. MRS. LAURENCE,
306 Sutter St.
GIRL to repair gentlemen's clothes. California
Renovatory, 116 Geary, st.
WANTED — Girl or woman for general house-
work in the 'forenoon. 223 Polk st.
GIRL or woman for housework. 843 Castro st.
COMPETENT German girl: must understand
cooking and housework. 817 Larkln st.
GOOD bicycle rider and canvasser. Rex Cycle,
636 Market st. •
GIRL for general housework; no cooking. 1831
Eddy st.
AN operator on pants; also apprentices; paid
while* learning. 419 O'Farrell st. ,
GOOD girl for a cigar store. 25 East st., near
Clay.
WANTED— GirI for light housework. Apply
780 Van Ness aye..
GIRL to mind 2 children; hours 8 to 6:30 p. m.
Address 821 Mission St., room 2.
FINISHER on pants. 102 Minna st.
GIRL or woman to do general housework and
, plain cooking.' 339% Clementina st. ■ * ■ •
WANTED— First-class millinery trimmer for
Sacramento. Apply at 523 Market st., room
7, from 2 to 3 p. in.
YOUNG German girl to assist in light house-
work and take care of children. Apply at
107 Germanla st. " .
PROTESTANT girl for general housework;
- good home. 377 Shotwell st.
GIRL for general housework; wages $10 to $12.
Apply at 2422% Bush St. , - ,
GIRL for light housework; small family;
wages $12. 1816 Laguna st.
WANTED— Firot-class sewers. Apply at 33S
Fell st. m H. FRIEDLANDER.
MONEY ■ loaned on watches, diamonds, Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
DR. WISE, the ladies' specialist. 1020 Market
st. ;. monthly troubles, etc., cured at once.
WOMAN between 25 : and 35 for light house-
work and companion; a good home and fair
pay for right party. Call after 10 a. m. at
116 Taylor st. ; " *
EXPERIENCED finisher on tailo> suits at
ALBERT MUELLER'S, 131 Post st.
WANTED— First-class . tailoress on fine coats.
411% Kearny Bt. . . :
YOUNG girl to work at dressmaking; also an
apprentice. Apply 2503 Sutter.
LEARN dressmaking and millinery: positions
free; patterns 26c. McDO WELL' B. ' 103 Post.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng. School. 1079 Market
St.; perfect fit: no trying on: trial free.
4 MARKET ST.— Branch office .of The c—4.
• Want ads and subscriptions taken.
MALE HELP WANTED.
Employers of help please take notice— W. D
EWER & CO., 626 Clay St., are still the most
reliable employment office on that street. We
have not sent out 17,000 paper men last year
tts a certain mushroom employment agency
in our neighborhood claims to have done, but
we have supplied a large number of reliable
employers with reliable employes to the satis-
faction of all parties concerned, and solicit
further bona fide orders. "We guarantee to
supply reliable help, and also agree to pay
fare and expenses to all persons who are re-
fused work where we send them. We have
been 20 years in business, have never had
trouble with the authorities as others have
had, and run under our personal license All
help furnished free of charge and we pay for
all telephone and telegraph switches. For re-
liable help send to W. D. EWER & CO. 626
Clay st.
WANTED— Cook for nice lunch house In coun-
try. $45 to $50 and found; ranch cook $25-
waiter, country hotel, $20, fare advanced- 10
coal miners, $2 50 to $3 per day; 10 Italian
laborers for coal mine, $2 50 per day fanners
milkers and others. W. D. EWER A. CO '
626 Clay st. "
HEAD cook, restaurant, $65; head and second
cooks and dishwasher, country hotel, $60, $40
and $20; second cook, country hotel, 's4s • 'sec-
ond cook, restaurant. $50; second cook, hotel
Un : -* 1 hi k 5 T ' - h l tel '" $40: baker - country hotel
$30; third cook. one to make hot cakes $36 •
cook, $8 per week; ..nHish steward for a gen-
tlemen's • club. $30 2 waiters for same coun-
try -hotel,, $2o; oysterman and waiter $36-
vegetableman, $25; German dishwasher' $18 :
carriage painter, ■ country, . $2 50 a day- 6
more woodchoppers, $1.25 a cord; 10 tlemakers.
10c a tie, good timber; carman for a mine $i
a day and board ; 2 German laborers to work
around a mine. $1 50 to $1 7j uer day m
_HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary st V *
A t'h» r^ A , SK and " FRED ANDERSON.
Shr R ha"«S ;i; i pleaae communicate
with C. R. HAN£EN& CO., 104 Geary st.
M r^J, , bar , ?P e^ for a saloon, country, $30
and founO. c R. HANSEN & CO., 104 Geary.
2 NEAT ben boys ; with first-class references^
.-C. R. -HAN SEN & CO., 104 Geary st. .
BOILER maker. $3 day, steady job. 2 machin-
ists, city shops; 2 blacksmiths and helpers;
S mo , re . for the great mines, $1 75
day; 2 drifters; 6 laborers, city Job, $1 75 day;
18 scraper teamsters, $20 and found; 3 chore-
men for ranches; 36 e«.al miners, $3 50 to $4
day. MLKRAY & READY. leading Em-
ployment Agents. 634-636 Clay st
WOOIX'HOPPERS WOODCHOPPKRS
Slw more men to cut wood $1 25. $1 cord;
come see us; we will explain fully each' Job.
MURRAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634-636 Clay s t.
TIEMAKERS —_ TIEMAKERS.
Virgin timber. 365 men to cut ties. Sc, 9c.
10c and lie each. MURRAY & HEADY.
634-C36 Clay St.
COOKS 9 WAITERS
DISHWASHERS 3 LAUNDRYMEN
2 butcher boys. MURRAY & READY, Lead-
Ing Employment Agents, 634-636 Clay st.
WANTED— boot black for country, $35; 2 ma-
chinists, $;i to $4 day; W tie-makers, lie, tools
and provisions furnished : P"at minors, cyan-
ide process, $1 25; restaurant third cook; vege-
table man, $25; waiters, $;>u; kitchen man and
others. Apply to J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628
Bacramento st.
GERMAN gardener, country, $25; cook. J35;
restaurant cook, $8 a week; cook, small place,
$20; coal miners by the day or ton. R. T.
WARD & CO., 608-610 Clay st.
HELP WAJJ r ~ /3CD— Continued.
WANTED— Waiter, first-class restaurant, $40 1
waiter, $30; German oook, $50; cook for min-
ing camp. $50; cook. $35; vegetable man, $25:
porter for restaurant. $25; boy for store, $13
to $16; coachman, . $30: ironer, country, $30;
' washer, $30. ANDRE'S, 316 Stockton st.
EXPERIENCED stationery salesman; hotel
steward ; baggage and , cloak room clerk. 311
■lush st. . ■ •_
MANAGER and buyer, shoe store; deliver*
driver, $250 bonds; machinls*- 313 Bush «t.^
TEA traveler; office managing partner: stew-
ard; domestic goods salesman. 313 Buan st.
NOW Is the time to secure lucrative situation!
with responsible houses. 313 Bush st.
$25 PER week; a reliable business associate
with small capital; permanent. 313JBush st.
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy: able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages of
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of the
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such; must
be of eood character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, end be be-
tween 5 feet 5 Inches and 6 feet in height. For
further information apply at the recruiting
office, 20 Ellis st., San Francisco, Cah
EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal minere at
Tesla, Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; only
good miners need apply. Address TE3LA.
COAL CO.. room 615. 328 Montgomery, S. F.
COAT, vest and trouser makers wanted; good
bushelman also wanted. Apply at 11 a. m. at
Stevenson-st. entrance to CHARLES LY-
ONS', 721 Market st.
CANTED— Man to take charge of 2 Gordon
and pony cylinder press: give reference aaa
wages expected. Box 3274, Call.
DRIVER for milk wagon with experience and
references. 150" Broderlck St., near Sutter;
German preferred.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third st. ; 150 larg*
rooms; 25c per night; $1 to $3 per week.
HEADQUARTERS for cooks, waters and oth-
er help. E. SIMON, 643 Clay st.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard, Sec, 102 7th; tel. South 623.
BARBERS' Ass'n Free Employm't Office. 8.
FUCHS, Sec, 325 Grant aye.; tel. Grant 13«.
SAILORS and ordmary seamen at LANE'S. 504
Davis st., near Jackson: also men for whalla»
and Alaska; no experience required.
TAILORS wanted; good coat makers and gen-
eral tailors for the country. Apply to STEIN,
SIMON & CO., corner Second and Market st*.
2 BARBERS wanted for Saturday; wages $>.
32 Third st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday, $4. 861
Illinois Bt., Potrero.
BARBER WANTED for Saturday; good wa(M.
797 Mission st.
BARBER for Saturday and Sunday. 421
Broadway.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday. 90$
Battery Bt.
SAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia, Europe. Herman's, 26 Steuart st.
WANTED —An experienced city salesman,
BROWNSTONE WINE CO., 331 Ellis St.
FARMER in country on salary to obtain
poultry, egg shipments. Box 3299, Call office.
BRIGHT boy about 16. CARSON GLOVE CO^
35 Market st.
YOUNG butcher. 118 Seventh st.
GOOD wheelman; Rex cycle. 636 Market st.
COATMAKER for country. Apply REISt
BROS., 24 Sutter st .
WANTED— Good restaurant waiter and pan-
tryman. 112 Fourth st.
MEN to learn barber trade In eight weeks. S.
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
MARKET, 863% (Elcho HouseV^Stngle rooms,
12% c, 15c to 25c per night; week, 75c, $1. $1 25.
WANTED— A coat and vest maker. 305fl
Twenty-fourth st.
WANTED — Traveler for gent's furnishing
goods as side line. Box 3141, Call.
THIRD-HAND baker wanted. 40 San Pablo
avenue, Oakland.
I MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
WANTED— A young man who has had soms
experience at shirt cutting. Eagleson Co.,
535 Market st.
BARBER wanted to buy paying shop. STOLZ.
630 Market st.
WANTED— At Montana House. 764% Mission:
men to take rooms; 10c, 15c and Loo per
night: 60c, 90c and $1 per week.
WINCHESTER House, 44 Third St., near
Market; 200 rooms, 23c a night: reading room;
free 'bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
KOSEDALE House. 321 Ellis— Rooms ::.c to $1
night; $1 to $4 week; hot and cold baths.
SINGLE roms, 10c and 150 nicht: 75c and $1
week. Llndell House, Sixth and Howard sts.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, 110 Sutter.
TRY Acme House, 957 Market St., below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a week.
WANTED— IO men to occupy clean room*; 3
nights 25c or 75c week. I"." New Montgomery.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand shoe*
half price: half-solinff, 35c. 959 Howard st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CalL
Subscriptions and ads taken.
FURNITURE WANTEa
HIGHEST prices to fill new building. S4O Mis-
sion st.; tel. Mint IS2I.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to IS Mont-
gomery gt. : highest prices paid. Tel. Davli TL.
R00..1S WANTED.
WANTED— By quiet tenant, two unfurnished
or partly furnished rooms, connected for
light housekeeping; convenient to business.
Address, stating location and price, box 3283.
Call office.
WANTED-MISCELLASEO US.
WANTED— Two energetic, hustling traveUnf
salesmen; references required. Address box
8301, Call office.
PHOTO and magic lantern apparatus; second-
hand. 109 Montgomery st.
PAWNBROKER— OId gold. sliver, cast-oft'
clothing bought. Add. COI-EMAN. 41 Third.
EDUCATIONAL.
HEALD'S Business College, 24 Tost. Boots-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-*
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1109
| graduates placed since 1S?2: catalogue.
THE Lyceum, preparatory school for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges; accredited
with Stanford University, Cooper College, etc.;
day and evening sessions; ref.. Tres. Jordan
or any Stanford professor. Phelan building.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; lite scholar-
ship, $50; low rates per week and month.
DANCING taught at pupils' homes by profes-
sional; terms very reasonable. Address box
3252. Call office. ___
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course in Tarr's counting-room makes yot»
thorough. Room 572. 85:> Market st.
VIOI IN mandolin, cornet, piano and other
Instruments taught by lady teachers. 3941
Twenty-fourth st.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing "mech. survey, assay, archlt.; day & eve.j
est." 1864. VAN PER NAILLEN, 933 Market.
WEBSTER. 2107H— Piano teacher; studied la
Paris; terms reasonable; best references.
VOICE culture, piano. Paris graduate; French.
Spanish: new classes: S2 mo. 109 Taylor st
MONTGOMERY, 527. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
tions and want ads taken
storage:.
AT low rates— Furniture. carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. .T. NOONAN. 1017 to 10U
Mission St., abeve Sixth; open evenings.
AT lowest rates — Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances) made: fireproof building. F. W.
ZEHFUSS. S4O Mission st. Tel. Mint 1821.
PIERCE-RUDOLPII Storage & Moving Co.;
office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 168.
FOR lowest rates go to I/SUIB J. NKt MAIL
121 Sixth St., open evenings. »
SEWING MACHINES.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged. rentedT
repairing; lowest rates. 203 Fourth st
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixth St.: phone Mint 45.
TYPEWRI'i £KS.
ALL typewriters sold and rented; few partly
used for sale cheap; send for" samples and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.. 110 Montgomery
ATTORNEYS AT LAW.
ADVICE free; no charge unless successfuL
W. W. DAVIDSON. 927 Market st.
PHYSICIANS.
DR. C. C. O'DO.NELL, offlcs and Tesldeneau
1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.HI^IXESJ CHANCES.
BAKERY and confectionery, connected
v. it!; hotel 30 rooms, dining-room, etc., in
lively country town about 50 miles from city;
3 wagons, C horses, 3 cows; rent $70; lease;
first-class, paying business; buildings and
furniture new; sickness compels sale. Parti-
culars of WILKE, 78S Market st.
$3200— THE best lined up, and guaranteed to
v- clear $300 net per month, saloon close to Claus
f 'Spjvckela building; first-class custom: no bet-
»\ . ter busWiess offer in the market; investigate
•:: at once; this Is a chance of a lifetime.
■.'.WILKE. 7 3 Market m.
$860— CORNER saloon in wholesale district;
kept by present owner for years and doing
a good paying business; rare chance; fullest
investigation civ--. WILKE, 753 Market at.
$12^OLD-7EsTABLISHEI) m ' m. plose to
banks and leading hotels: average dally re-
ceipts V-2: rent $30, lease: no night work:
actual value $2000: own»r to retire and going
on bis ranch. Call WILKE. 753 Market st.
KER.T ATTENTION— '
Bakery in Western Addition; price $500; 4 liv-
ing rooms; old established; a tlrst-class bar-
gain. \\ ILK_, 7*3 Market st.
EXPRESSING and transfer^ business in 4
citios; good horses, wagon*, etc.; established
many years: doing an excellent steady busi-
ness: has hauling for large wholesale houses:
o;T»-r.\l .1 a low figure, as owner is engaged
in ■ ther business. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
$iOft_ SALOON with 10 well furnished rooms,
ii^ar the ferry; old established: good busi-
ness: selling on account of sickness; cheap
rent: easily worth double the price asked. . M
LESS, 765 Market St.
$10{v~STATIONERY. news stand, restaurant
etc.: living rooms; rent $6; biggest, transfer
point of city; must sell; given away. M
LESS. 765 Market at.
A— s37:': cigar stand; best corner Oakland' fine
stack; clears $100. (CREDO & CO.. 22V4 Geary.
$4.-0-MEAT market; daily receipts $75; a snap
it t;Uun at once. KREDO _ CO.
A _s4'o: saloon; side entrance; Market st.; best
bar in city. KREDO A CO.. 2214 Geary st.
A--J- Vl O: !)°i"i st and seed business; best town
near city; clears $100. KREDO _ CO.. 22>_
Ovary :-t. :;•->' ; ■,- : .■' .
SALOON for sale to-day to highest bidder See
STKANI) & CO.. 24 Third st.
$1500^CORXEB saloon: 8 rooms furnished; best
;:i city. See STRAND & CO.. 24 Third st.
Ss66o-^OLD established restaurant; clears $150
month. See STRAND & CO.. 24 Third st.
$15O4BARBER shop, 2 chairs; 3 rooms; rent 19;
departure cause of sale. STRAND. 24 Third.
$UOO-GROCERY, French liquor store, north
Market: departure for Europe cause of sale
MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny Bt.
$jiKK}-Cc>RNER grocery, with bar attached;
large trade; horses, wagons included; trial
given. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$500— CORNER saloon, near Market st. dls-
agrpement of partners cause of sale. _c-
L A U GHLIX & CO.. 23 Kearny st.
PARTNER wanted in saloon, 33 Third street;
steady man required.
} ONE of the best transfer corner saloons
in city; steady trade; large stock. Pacific
Exchange, 9^5 Market st.
$305— FRUIT and vegetable store, dairy pro-
duce and cigar stand; doing daily business of
$13: investigate. Apply Pacific Ex., 196 Mkt.
RESTAURANT and oyster house; 6 private
rooms; choice location; steady day and night
trade; a splendid bargain. Apply PACIFIC
' EXCHANGE, »95 Market.
A— s- y OO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corner*.
$2>'O— Partner wanted in commission DUf-i-
ness.
$400— Saloon; old-established, good location,
and other bargains in saloons, bak ?rr-s and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 7*7 Market.
$300— PARTNER wanted in light business; es-
tablished IS years; $25 to $30 a week each; can
be doubled in short time; entire trade of most
prominent firms In the city; no previous ex-
perience required; trial given, a Geary St.,
room 2.
DELICACIES and bakery, worth nnno for. $175
Dry goods, stationery, bakery; cheap
. Cigar stand, near Baldwin Hotel 425
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market tt.
$40<V_BAKERY for sale: store trade $10 to $12
day; good outside route; bakes 2% barrels
day: a good bargain; no opposition; owner
wants to leave city. Box 3281, Call office.
FIRST-CLASS grocer}', doing large cash busi-
ness; No.l location; no bar: good reasons for
selling. Inquire WELLMAN. PECK & CO.
FAMILY liquor store for sale in a good loca-
tion; must be sold on account of sickness;
low rent. Inquire at 235 Third st. .
WANTED— Two men to complete- Alaskan
party; references required. 1523 ' Eighth aye..
Ea.»t Oakland.
RESTAURANT; must be Bold for less- than!
value of fixtures. Inquire at 676 Howard st. ,
ESTABLISHED corner grocery and' bar. with
fixture. $25. Apply Hibernla Brewery* >
$200—130 ACRE ranch for sale; house, barn, etc.
Bee ARMSTRONG, 335 Fourth st. . -
$40— BRANCH bakery, milk, butter, eggs and
notions. BARRETT, 1125 Market St.
GOOD paying restaurant. 621-623 Montgomery- j
$1600 SECURES control of business which will j
pay (5000 first year. Address box 3291, Call.
BAKERY and coffee parlors; must be sold to-
day. Apply ■'■•''< Sixth St.
• A RARE OPPORTUNITY. • " ~~~
Odd Fellows' Library, Seventh and Market
sts., for sale. This library Is now offered for
sale by the board of trustees; it contains a
choice collection of all kinds of literary and
scientific works. The library is now open for
the sale and inspection of books from 9 a. m.
until 9 p. m.
RELIABLE business man connected with larg-
est house on Market St.. offers for sale Inter-
est In his "system for playing the races"; in j
successful use every day; immense returns; j
small capital: references given and required; I
price $100. Box 3155, Call office.
Mrxico.
LANDS in tropical Mexico for rais- !
Ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla, ;
etc.: large and email tracts. For further In- j
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni- ;
cle building, representing the Int. Land and
Col. Co. of Mexico City, Mexico.
ASKHIM saloon is now for sale; thirteen years
established: proprietor going north; fine cot-
tage 4 rooms: hot and cold water; ground
, lease I years and 5 -months; come and see for
' yourself; 17th and Folsom. WM. FOLEY.
$75 BUYS dining-room; location first class;
business good. Inquire The Loriston Hotel.
621 Bush st. ■
MILLINERY store, centrally located; rare bar-
gain. Apply BUTLER-SCHULTZE CO., 723
Market st.
FOR Sale — At less than Invoice; cigar and va-
riety store; 3 nice rooms; low- rent. 527 Sec-
ond St., or>p. South Park.
BEST-APPOINTED restaurant In San Jose;
fine location; must be sold. Address S., care
of Call agency, San Jose.
HALF or whole interest in butcher shop; do-
ing good cash business; centrally located;
well fitted up. D., box 2, Call Office, Oakland
FOR SALE— A good paying, downtown saloon;
I low rent; a bargain. Uux 3278, Call Office.
FOR sale— Fine restaurant; near transfer line;
cheap. Inquire at 753 Market St., basement.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low Interest. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant ay.
ENGINEER wants to buy working interest In
steam laundry. Address box 3182, Call flee.
FOR sale— Bakery and notions: living rooms;
next to school. 376 Sanchez Bt . • ■
CHEAP saloon near the water front. Apply
WICHMA N, LUTGEN & CO.. 318 Clay st.
BARBER shop for sale near Nineteenth st.
Apply at Call office. ■ ■
SALOON for sale account of sickness; call and
see owner. 228 Brannan. .
FOR sale it a bargain— The "Office Saloon,"
corner City Hall avenue and City Hall
square. Inquire at saloon. CHAS. FOWLER.
SHOEMAKER'S shop: must sell account of
sickness. Apply £.32 Valencia St., In bakery.
MIST be sold; cigar and news 'stand; will
stand Investigation. Apply 618 Hayes st
TO let— Coal yard, with stable of 20 stalls; old-
establlshed stand; rent reasonable. 2622 Mis-
sion st.
COrFEE and tea routes supplied from GEO.
W. CASWELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento st.
FOR ■ sale— lcecream, candy and notion store.
537 Sixth st. : no agents,
PATENTS— SMITH i OSBORN Reglsfd Pat
Agents; established ISC2. 319 Pine St.. city.
I CARPED CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet-c'.eanlng Works; cleans,
moves, lays carpets. G. H. STEVENS, Mgr
888 and 40 Eighth st.; telephone South zsoT'
WHEN you become disgusted with noor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carp"-
J^J}j^^!!^^^l^th!m^A. ; tel/ a I. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, renovated like new T
_McQUEEN, 433 Stevenson sT; tel 8. 228?"
ADVANCE Carpet Cleaning Co 402 Butter-
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM, _ Proprietor! ,
J. WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-'
_^jj4s e £a^n_^j_«£_McAlllster; Jessie 321.
CARPETS cleaned at. - - per yard; relald at 1c
STRATTON, 3 Eighth M.: tel. Jessie 944
GREAT Eastern . Leant Carpel "cleaning
Works. 14 Sth st. B. GRANT, tel. . Jessie »_
J. E. MITCHELL Carpet-Cleaning Co., 240 14th
st.; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74. -
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works'^ Golden
Gate aye.; tel. East 126. .
PERSONALS.
CHARLEY W. WILDS— Your mother Is very
III; do come home. A. N. P., Stockton. Cal.
BUSINESS PERSONALS-
MASSAGE the head for a few minutes before
I retiring; have your hair dressed here for 25c:
good switches, $1; best; finest quality, $3 60;
extra heavy, long. $5; open Sundays from 9
to 12. G. LEDERER. 11l Stockton st.
WANTED— IOO persons to try the painless re-
moval of corns and bunions without the knife.
Call at room 554. Parrott building..
MRS. JOHNSON-, experienced masseuse; elec-
trical water treatment; office 10, 118 Grant
' avenue. .. . ' __________ -
I DR. MAUDE INMAN, electric and medicated
vapor baths. 1053 Market, op. Jones, rs. 1 &2.
USE Lederer's Qulnonla as a dally wash for
the hair. G. LEDERER, 11 Stockton st.
STAMMERINGand stuttering corrected. PROF.
J. WHITEHORN. 570 33d St., Oakland, Cal.
ELECTRIC lights In every room: Winchester
House, 44 Third st.. nr. Market: 200 rooms.
the to $1 60 per night: $1 60 to $6 per week:
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
j BADGES, photo, and badge buttons, made in
San Francisco at Eastern prices. WALTER
N. 8RUNT.. 635 Clay St.. S. F.
PAINTING, papering, tinting, whitening at
lowest prices. F. EDWARDS. 1200 Webster.
j CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
at wholesale figures. 20 Sansome st.
SUIT to order on easy Installments. L.
LEMOS. 1117 Market Ft., bet 7th and Bth.
' DRESSMAKERS.
i MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$3 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies" French Tailoring
College. $16 Market st.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal. every hidden mystery in life: she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family troubles, restore lost affec-
tions; unites the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or burled property; locates treasures,
minerals: tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a. m. to 6p. m. ; perfect satisfaction guar-
■ anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
special terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Market st.. opp. Sixth.
MRS. EMILY MOORE. 533 Howard St.— The
wonderful trance medium can be consulted
on all the affairs of life; can read your
thoughts; tell Just what you want to know;
I removes evil influence: locates buried treas-
ures; If in bad luck she will change It for
you; letters promptly answered; enclose
stamp. Hours, 10 a. m. to 8 p. m.
MME. PORTER, wonderful clairvoyant card-
reader; born double veil and second sight;
diagnoses disease: full life reading; ladles 50c.
gents $1; palm, and clairv. : sit. $1 60. 126 Turk.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Leavnwth.
MME. MORE AT*. best medium and card-
reader: 2»c up; charms given. 73 Fourth st.
MISS ANNA SCHULTZ— Palmistry and card-
reading. 203 O'Farrell. room 10.
MME. SVHILLE, cradle to grave: future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladles. 914 O'Farrell st.
MISS PEARL HARRISON, card reader and
magnetic healer. Room 2. 120% Geary st.
GYPSY • life reader gives correct answers to
all questions; L., 25c; G., 60c: no sign. 3 7th.
MME. RAVENA reads life fluently: business
advice; names given; 25c up. 6 Fourth st.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— in ncr pro-
fesslon; never falls: advice: help. 929 Post.
. SPIRITUALISM.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia st. : read-
Ings $1: circles Tuesday and Friday, 2 p. m.;
Saturday. 8; 25c.
MRS. FULTON TITLEY. writing seance to-
night; 60c sittings. 1513 Geary st.
C. V. MILLER'S materializing trumpet se-
ance, 8 p. m. : 23c. 409 Leavenworth st.
MRS. J. J WHITNEY, trance test medium.
232 Stockton st.: old No. 218. r
MRS. SHRINER. clairvoyant for 'uslness and
■ spiritual sittings. 120 A Eddy St., room 3. .
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium:
• sittings dally. 123% Sixth St., room 14.
M. FRANCES. Independent slate-writing me-
dlum. 118 Halght st. ■•■■■•-.".',
HYPNOTISM-
CAL. Institute. Gemry; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued; diseases and habits cured.
1 - '
- ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
I CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, i pi. hers and
■■" pood men at general work who are going to
■'Dawsbrt can on -the way up work out $150
* of -their fare, via St. Mlcnasl. Apply The
Gold Star Co., Mills building, San Fran.
YOUNG man, German, wants to Join a party
3 or 4 to Alaska; buy own outfit. 219 Mason.
GENUINE arctic fur clothing; heavy woolen
clothing. L. LEVY, Battery and Jackson sts.
MONEY loaned on watches, diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Uncle Harris, 13 Grant ay.
OCEAN or river steamers, sailing vessels and
launches for sale. H. G. SHAW, 4 Sutter st.
KLONDIKE pack mules and burros for sale.
Horan Stockyards. Tenth and Bryant sts.
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
50- ROOM house for ranch $3500
50 rooms; rent $125; sunny corner; owner
leaves for Alaska: 18 rooms clear $50... 700
17 rooms; clears $100 month; part cash
10-room flat; sunny corner 225
25-room house; sunny corner 1000
I 22-room house; fine corner 1030
29-room house; clears $150; must 5e11.... 1200
in-room house: new ana good; Ellis st.. 850
60 rooms; rent $65; clears about $70 month;
snap. H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market st.
A— KREDO & CO., successful brokers, 22&
. Geary st. .
.80 rooms; rent $76; clears $150 $1200
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient "... 2000
17 rooms; first floor pays rent 650
16 rooms: Market: central; all full 700
10 rooms: Larkin: corner; snap 275
' 10 rooms; Ellis; new and good 325
7 rooms: Market; offices pay rent ' 200
Hundreds of others at your own price.
A— s3oo: 9 rooms; transient: clears $100; central
and sunny; snap. KREDO & CO.. 22% Geary.
$900— BEST 14-room transient house In city;
clears $175 month. Address box 303. Call.
LODGING house of 16 rooms, well furnished
and full ' of roomers. : 136 Sixth st.
MONEY loaned on watches,' diamonds. Jew-
elry; low interest. Undo Harris. 15 Grant ay.
MUST be sold immediately; 27-room good room-
ing-house; bargain. Inquire at 112 Taylor st
HOTEL of 24 furnished rooms; good place; no
agents. Apply Call office.
FOR Sale— 22 rooms, . well furnished; steady
roomers; rent reasonable. 110 Hyde st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
- Subscriptions and want ads taken.
HORSE!'.
40 HORSES for sale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar- :
ket, 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
.■ nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE, Auctioneers.
BUGGIES, wagons, horses, carts bought, sold
or exchanged; cheap storage ; 40 homes; must
sell. At Emporium, 220 Valencia St.
JUST, arrived — 60 horses, mules, burros. 721
Howard St.; auction every Tuesday.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
SPECIAL sale of harness and vehicles. Lie-
bold Harness Co., 211; Larkln, opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry,, baker's and milk wagons cheap
■for cash or installments: 1 fine top and open
buggy: also 1 -hack.-. 823 Harrison at.
FURNITURE, FOR SALE., #l
WHOLE household, 5 rooms; parlor, ' bedroom,
extra bedroom set, dining set; kitchen f urn.
all good. 402 Waller st. ; call 9 to 6.
: T DENTISTS.
A FULL set of teeth, $5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings, 50c; crowns, $1 50; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 24 Sixth St.; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists— Painless extraction. 60c;
teeth per set. $3. to $10; gold fillings, $1 up;
silver, Me up; artificial teeth repaired, $1
up; our crown and -bridge work Is the best;
hours, 9 a.-m. to 9 p. m. ; Sundays, 9 to 1.
969 Mission, cor. Sixth; branch. 371 Hayes.
DR. LUDLUM HILL. 1443 Market St.. nr. 11th:
no charge for .. t extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from $8 per Bet; er trading 50c; gas given. v
DR. GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
> Ist.- discoverer of . painless : extraction and
patentee •of improved bridge ■ work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
van VROOM Electro-Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, .$5 .up; fillings, 23c up; all work
' painless and "guaranteed to stand; open even-
ings. 997 • Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 810 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., '■■ 'th floor; : painless dentistry. ■
L A. , TEAGUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE.
removed ; to Call . bldg.. Gth floor, * rms. : 603-607.
ALL work reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
"W. KEY," 1320 Market st. -: ; ■: -:v' «' \-
EET of • teeth 't without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG.' 1841 Polk st ".'■ . -
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
/ HOUSES TO LET.
i ALL OVER TOWN r— : '. . '■
You see houses to • rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery. - :
HOUSE, 7 rooms, bath; large yard; cellar.
2407 Clay St., near Webster.
LAGUNA, 1715— House of 8 rooms and 'bath, j
yard, basement; latest Improvements; $30.
SUNNY 7-room house; modern; rent cheap. 1
724 Broderick St.. near McAllister.
==^=!sr^=__!__!^___^!__!rT_?^__s_^s_________?____! ;
FURNISHED HOUSES.
FURNISHED" house In Berkeley to man and j
wife; nominal rent for eight months; near
Btation. Apply 1 .lmedlatel-- 2163 Dwight
way. Berkeley. ■■-
FURNISHED house to let for the summer; 8 I
large sunny rooms; piano; hot and cold i
water; all conveniences. Apply on premises, :
635 Guerrero st. "
GOLDEN GATE. 1517— A handsome middle fiat;
every convenience; piano; garden.
SUTTER, 717. near Taylor— Choice:, elegant: I
sunny; appreciated If seen; please Investi-
gate ; or furniture for sale cheap: optional.
COTTAGES TO LET.
j ELEGANTLY furnished cottage, 6 rooms, bath; !
centrally located; $50. Box 3302, Call office. |
COTTAGE 6 rooms and bath; large. yard.
Apply EASTON & ELDRIDGE.
$11— BAY-WINDOW cottage, nearly new, 4
rooms; water free. 11l Collins St., near Geary.
$12; cottage, 5 rooms and bath; lot 134x114. 1188 I
Noe st.
$7 -SUNNY bay-window ■ cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. 64 Silver st, off Third.
FLATS TO LET.
j FLAT, 375 Shotwell st.— Sunny flat, 6 rooms and
bath, with stable; rent reasonable. '
FLAT to — 1 rooms and bath ; 331 Linden
aye. Key at 310 Fell st.
NINETEENTH, 3354, near Noe— Lower 4 I
rooms, modern, $14; 599 Noe, corner Nine- |
teenth lower 4 rooms, modern, $15; 47 Pond, j
off Sixteenth, half block from Market, upper |
6 rooms, modern, $15, water free.
NEW modern sunny flat, 6 rooms, bath; 18 I
Seymour aye., bet. Scott and Devisadero als..
I off Golden Gate aye. ; $27. . ' : :
PINE, 1228. near Hyde— A sunny flat of 6
rooms and bath; rent $20.
POST, 1304, near Van Ness aye.— Flat, 6 rooms
and bath; sunny; fine location; rent reason-
: able. ■:?v:---
RARELY beautiful; northwest corner Sutter
and Scott fits. ; 6 big rooms, $25. Key at 2300
Sinter st. ■'
REAR flats of 4 and 5 rooms, S2o^4 Larkln St.;
I $11 and $14: newly painted and papered. Ap-
ply L. C. BABIN. 413 Kearny -St.
RING up 'Phone Brown 323 If you wish to bor-
row money. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
SEE at once that corner flat, Leavenworth and
Jackson sts. ; 7 rooms, bath, etc. ; newly tinted
and painted; also upper flat, 1219 Jackson st. ;
lowest rent in the city. Apply MADISON &
BURKE. ' .. .
TO Let— s rooms and bath; water free. 113 Sul-
livan st., near Stanyan.
UPPER flat of 3 rooms. 322 Twelfth st.
WANTED— Good tenant for elegant upper flat;
6 rooms, bath, etc. 1206'-i Turk st. ■
FURNISHED FLATS.
JESSIE, 641, near Seventh— Nicely furnished
upper flat; 3 rooms, bath; very reasonable.
MISSION, 2706 A —Elegantly furnished sunny,
new flat; 6 rooms and bath; references.
PART of furnished flat: lady would board with
family. M. L., box 3113. J Call office.
HOUSEKEEPING KOOMS.
CENTRAL House, 52 Second— Light housekpg,
single and double rooms, $1 25 to $3 week.
EDDY. 917— Sunny, nicely furnished large con- ;
necting housekeeping rooms; splendid loca-
tion.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 563. rear- unfurnished' rooms for
housekeeping; rent $10.
FIFTEENTH. 2136, north of and near Market
—5 nicely furnished rooms; parlor, 2 bed-
rooms, dining and kitchen; cottage -floor;
sunny side.
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting . house-
kpg rooms; stove; closet; bath; private; $10.
FIFTH, 42*4—2 sunny rooms completely fur-
nished for housekeeping; water in kitchen.
FIFTH.32S— 3 furnished. $13; 2 parlors, kitchen,
bath, for housekeeping, $22; also single, $5.
FOLSOM, ■•» Large front bay-window room;
housekeeping; every convenience. v -' » '•
GOLDEN GATE. 620— Parlor floor. 3 sunny
rooms, complete for housekeeping.
GROVE, 101— Front bay-window room for light
housekeeping; private family.
GROVE, 334, 3 blocks from City Hall— 3 con-
necting rooms, furnished for housekeeping;
2 double beds, gas and bath; private resi-
dence; $16.
GUERRERO, 215—4 or 5 beautifully furnished
sunny rooms complete for housekeeping. Ap-
ply 10 to 4.
HICKORY aye.. LSI, near Gough— 2 large j
furnished housekpg rooms; every convenience.
HOWARD, 611— or three sunny rooms,
complete for housekeeping; rent reasonable. ;
JL.j£*lE— near Fifth and Market—
keeping; $8; single, $5.
LARKIN, 326—3 elegant sunny housekeeping
apartments; exclusive kitchen; central; bath.
I MINNA, 725 — 3 nice rooms in front; big yard; ,
I rent $8. . ■
MONEY on sealskins, silverware, / silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 608— Three furnished housekeeping
rooms; complete; cheap.
OAK, 119—2 nicely furnished rooms for heavy
housekeeping; very cheap.
RUSS, 116, near Sixth— Double parlors and
kitchen; unfurnished or partly furnished.
SHOTWELL. 625— Two or three sunny furnish-
ed rooms for light housekeeping; bath; piano.
SOUTH PARK. 90—2 or 4 furnished housekeep-
Ing rooms, $7 to $12; 2 or 4 unfurnished, $.'), $8.
SOUTH PARK, 184—2 sunny front rooms, nice-
ly furnished for housekeeping. $10 a month.
BUTTER, 2620— Sunny unfurnished parlors, kit-
chen, laundry, use of bath, yard, cellar.
THIRD, 304— Furnished, $2 per week up; sin-
gle rooms. $1 25 up; brick building.
TURK, 411 A —3 rooms, furnished for house-
keeping; kitchen; complete; rent reasonable.
TWELFTH, 145—2 pleasant sunny rooms com-
plete for housekeeping; $12 per month.
TWELFTH. 23"C— 3 nicely furnished house-
keeping rooms; refined , family.
VAN NESS aye.. 400— Newly furnished sunny
basement of 3 rooms and bath; complete.
VAN NESS, 1021— Sunny front suite: 3 rooms
and kitchen; gas; range: all complete.
1 OAKLAND HOUSKKKKPING BOOMS.
FURNISHED rooms for housekeeping; also
double: close to station. 821 Market st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike; reasonable;
Com. Transfer Co., ■22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city, 23c; phone, Main 49.
ARLINGTON House, 127 Kearny Pleasant
Bunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
In every respect; terms reasonable.
AT the Oxford, 231 O'Farrell. elegantly fur-
nished rooms, suites and single, day or mo.
BOHEMIA, 231) Post— Newly furnished; : famt-
lies and gentlemen; references given.
BUSH, 726— Nicely furnished rooms for gentle-
men at $7 and $S per month; private; ref.
BUSH, 1124— Elegant single rooms, bath, run-
ning water; grounds; references.
DELAWARE. 1151 Market— Furnished single
and double rooms, $S and $10 mo.; nice suites.
EDDY, 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $5 50.
EDDY, 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night
50c to $1; week. $2 to $0: families.
EDDY, Cl4— Large and small rooms; new furni-
ture, closets; running water: bath; $6 to $10.
EDINBURGH, L' 39 Powell— New house, new
furniture; elegant rooms, suites and single.
ELEVENTH. 10&— Branch office of The CauT
Subscriptions and ads taken.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents, $1 50 to $S week.
FIFTH, 107— Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let.
FOLSOM, 866— Sunny bay- vindow furnished
room for 2; gas, bath, use of stove.
FULTON, 3— Nice sunny rooms to let, day,
week or month.
FULTON, 118— Sunny furnished single rooms;
also rooms, unfurnished, for housekeeping.
GEARY. 518— Large sunny bay-window rooms;
suites and single ; light housekeeping.
GEARY, 622— Nice, large sunny bay-window
room: also single room; quiet and reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission; select family
rooming house: $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD, 715, ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms;
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
KEARNY, 324— Sunny furnished room for 1
I gentleman; private fam; $5. Inquire shoestore.
LBJAVENWORTH, K'?— Sunny front room suit-
able for 1 or 2 gentlemen.
MARKET, 1665, opp- Jones— Large Bunny front
! room, furnished or unfurnished; also office.
MASON, 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 50 to $3: suites,
$4 to $G: baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
I McALLISTER, fiW— Parfor suite In modern
! flat, with board; for 2, $10 a week; single, $5.
j MONEY on sealskins, silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
NATOMA, 282, near Fourth— 3 unfurnished
rooms with water and yard.
! NATOMA. 614 A, near Sixth— Sunny front room
! cheap.
I' O'FARRELL, 203, corner Powell— Nice suite;
I also single rooms, by day or month.
! O'FARRELL. 210 A —Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
i O'FARRELL. 406* A —Nice large room; furnished
! for 2; use bath; $10; private family; upper fiat.
POLK 607— Furnished front room, large, sunny;
j and large front hall room, sunny, with large
| closet; reasonable; also housekeeping.
POST, 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; flrst-
class In every respect
SEVENTH, 142 (Glrard House)— Sunny suites
and single rooms at lowest rates.
SHERMAN Apartment House, 28 Eighth St.
near Market: furnished and unfurnished.
I SILVER STATE, 18 Mason— Elegantly fur-
nished rooms, en suite or single, by week
$1 50 to $3; suites, $4 to $6; bath; hot water.
SIXTH, 136-Sunny front bay-window room;
bath and gas; other rooms, $fi month up.
STOCKTON, 242— Nice sunny rooms facing
Plaza; suites, single; bath; by day, week,
month.
TENTH, 123— Nicely furnished large sunny
rooms; also nice housekeeping rooms.
| STEVENSON. 79. next corner Second-Tailors'
workroom^ to let.
SUTTER, 715-717-719— Furnished and unfurnish-
ed; choice and sunny; reasonable: Investigate.
TAYLOR. 407— T0 let, two large, sunny front
rooms: furnished.
TAYLOR. 108— Housekeeping rooms complete;
also sunny hall bedroom.
TWi > large sunny rooms In Sausallto: very
cheap. Address MRS. J. W. ( box 50, Sausa-
llto, Cal.
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
BOARDING AND ROOMS.
FOLSOM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
FULTON, 833 (The Mizpah)— A quiet family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and en
Buite; exceptional table; terms reasonable.
GALINDO HOTEL. OAKLAND—
Up to the times; large sunny suites from $12;
single rooms from $6; board optional; handy
to all trains.
HYDE. SCV Sunny suites; first-class board;
quiet: homelike. MRS. T. W. BROTHERTON.
HYDE, 40S— Double and single rooms; first-
class board: Spanish; $36 a month up.
McALLISTER, 1229— Parlor suite In modern
flat, with board; for 2. $10 a week; single, $5.
NI'""E furnished room with board for 2 persons;
running water; $3fi. 618 Golden Gate aye.
SOUTH PARK, S»-Good table board. $3 per
week; with nice sunny front room. $4 week.
SUTTER. 1138 — Sunny suite; single rooms; first-
class board: large grounds. Mrs. AY. F. Evan?.
VAN NESS nve., 808 — Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern: newly furnished; with board.
CHILDREN BOARDED.
BEST of care for girl under R: German family,
near San Rafael. Address box 3179. Call.
i REFINED home for child over 3 years; sunny
yard, SlO per mo. Box 3256, Call office.
AN elderly lady will take Infants to board: a
mother's rare: references. 234 M, Sixth Bt.
OFFICES TO LET.
FLOOR suitable for offices or otherwise. 475
Geary st.
MUSICAL INSTRUMENTS.
AS we are selling good upright pianos for $8
cash and- $6 per month, we ask you to investi-
gate and approve this method. Prices are the
tame as if purchased for all cash. Bargains
In .good Becond-hand uprights upon tame easy
payments and some good pianos for $3, $4 and
$F, per month. SHERMAN. CLAY & CO..
Ftelnway Dealers, coiner Kearny and Sutter
Bts., San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway, Oakland.
I ABSOLUTELY the oldest and largest nouns
west of Chicago Is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
S6. 2S and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical Instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy: prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
NEW FIRM. NEW NUMBER.
NEW GOODS. NEW PRICES.
New, pianos rented, $3 per month. Repairing
and tuning a specialty. Our prices can not
be equaled In Pan Francisco.
Si . itt-curtAZ PIANO CO.. 6«0 Hayes st.
A STEINWAY piano for $10n; a f'hl.'kerlng for
$!*0; examine list of bargains this week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., M 3 Market st.
i SOHMKIt & CO. Byron Mau.y. Newby. Evans.
Briggs and other pianos; see our rent plan;
no interest first year. ' 308. 310. 312 Post st
HORNTJNG'S new scale pianos; an unpre-
cedented success. 2in McAllister st.
BPECIAL low prices on all pianos until May 1.
/.. .M.UYAIS MUBIC CO., 769 Markot Bt
|?S— BARGAIN; good Fisher planoT~SCH_UTzi
1C McAllister st, next Hibernla Bank.
SMALLEST ad.; lowest price; $2 per month up;
apply on sale. HEINE. 136 Ellis Bt.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos, $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post
KNARE pianos; new scale; new styles.
KOHLER & CHASE. 80 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old and new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer. 2 Latham pace.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
A— sloo "COLE" banjo, considered the finest
make, finished in the most elegant style: will
be slaughtered for $35. UNCLE HARRIS, 15
Grant aye.
FOR Mle cheap to close out remnant of an es-
tate— 6 fine heavy team horses and 3 2-horse
lumber wagons and 3 sets double work har-
ness. G. W. FISHER, First and Broadway,
Oakland.
GAS stove 4 feet high and square, cheap. In-
quire meat market, fi7« How.-ird st.
HI'HI grade full nickel ladles' Columbia bi-
cycle, good as new. cheap. 410 Pine st.
FOR Bale— SO tons oat and 20 tons wheat hay.
Address C. J. PARMENTER, Winters, Cal.
$55— Upright piano; good condition: $5 down, $3
per month. S. F. MUSIC CO.. 225 Sutter.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment; 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
Si'HMIDT. G22 Golden Gate aye.
RARE chance on account of departure; for sale
cheap, 1 large vault in Calvary Cemetery-
Box 3163, Call office.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, elec-
trical goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 627
Mission st.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mo-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. 137 Beale st
10-HORSE power Nagle steam engine at a bar-
gain; call at once. 654 Mission st
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOONAN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR SALE— Two pumps, engine and boiler
and lnrge Iron tank. Apply HAVENS &
TOEPKE, Architects, 55 Flood building.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 616 Mission st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission; Tel. So 787.
SAFES— New and serond-hand; cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand; all
sizes; half original cost. 108-111 Market. S. F.
GP.ArnnrilON'ES. V.<>: Re.-nrds, $-" per doz. ;
Projectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl. 933-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill, smile, hand-truck, lr-tter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay st.
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
106 ELEVENTH— Branch office of The Call;
subscriptions and nds taken.
LEGAL NOTICES.
CITY and County Treasury. San FrancJaco
March 16, 1838— In compliance with the provlsl
ions of section 5 of order 159S of the Board of
Supervisors, approved September 15 lsgn
there will be sold at public auction by E s'
Spear & Co., at their salesrooms, 31 and 33
Butter street, on
MONDAY. APRIL 18, 1808
At 10 o'clock a. m., sundry articles of stolen
lost and unclaimed property recovered by the
police force of San Francisco, as detailed in
an inventory thereof on file in the office of
the clerk of the Board of Supervisors and
consisting of Jewelry, wearing apparel, pla-
tols, knives, etc. ; also a lot of trunk*, valises
clothing, etc., property of deceased persona
received from the Coroner of this city and
county. Open for Inspection on morning of
•ale. A. C. WIDBER,
City and County Treasurer.
CITY REAL ESTATE.
SACRIFICED for $100 cash on each lot; 16
level lots ready for building in the heart of
Ocean View, within 5 minutes'- walk of cars;
Spring Valley water through tne lots, which
run from street to street, and all lay In one
plat; fare to all parts of the city sc; lots 25x
125 each; will sell the whole plat or in sepa-
rate lots to suit. THISTLETON, 272 Sadowa
St.. Ocean View. . . ■.
BARGAIN— Pretty 6-room bay-window cottage.
1909 Broderick, : near California; lot 27:6x82:6.
LADIES I accommodated with money at home.
Ring up .Uncle Harris, 'Phone Brown 323.
$650 AND :up will build 4- room cottages: will
call. GEO. M. SALSBURY. builder, 521 X
..St., Sunset District. ;
FOR Sale — 7-room house, barn and lot. ■ In-
_ quire 510 San Jose aye. '
> =
COUNTRY HEAL ESTATE.
$2500—10 ACRES, Santa ■ Cruz County; 12 acres
vines, 6 acres fruit; tine trout stream; plenty
of wood;. 2-story house, 2 cottages, barn,
packing-house, etc.; farm tools. ■'?
■ $2500—80 acres in early fruit belt near Vaca-
vilie; 30 acres. In .bearing fruit; house, pack-
ing-house, etc.; taken under foreclosure and
offered under half value.
$1500—90 acres; 30 under cultivation; 100 fruit
trees; 8 acres vines; house, barn, wine cellar,
etc. ; lot of personal property, j Including cow,
bees. Implements, wine, etc. ! GAMAN &
LYON, 215 Kearny r st. (
MONEY on sealskins," silverware, silks and
watches. Uncle Harris, 15 Grant aye.
COUNTRY home to let in Santa Clara Co., bet.
Stanford University and Mountain View; 1
mile from Mayfleld; house 7 rooms: 2 cottages
'4 rooms; garden, orchard, ■ etc; will rent low
for 1 or 3 years to suitable tenart. Apply C.
S. CAPP & CO., Real Est. Agts., 630 Market.
TEH AM A County. SO acres partly fenced; good
water. Apply 403 Bryant. 1 ••-. . - , .■■ ' . :-/
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cotton wood. Shasta Co.. Cal.
• BiONEY TO LOAN.. . .
ANY amount at 6% per cent on real estate;
2d and Sd mortgages, ' estates, real estate in
probate, life insurance, goods In warehouse,
furniture without removal; no delay. R. Mo-
. COLGAX, 24 Montgomery st., room 3.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda, at lowest rates, without
'. removal: no commissions; no delays. J.
NOON AN, 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14. ..-.-.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry; all business
strictly confidential: private offices. M. ,E.
DOUGAN & CO., 230 Kearny St., upstairs.
HIGHLY respectable and private place to ob-
tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. 948 Market st: tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland; no re-
moval; low rates; .no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONNKLLI. 130 Powell st.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
Commis. ; low interest Rm. 6S, 1170 Market.
ANY sum, Ist or 2d mortgages, estates In pro-
bate, etc. Room 7. 608 California st.
$50 TO $50,000; lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortK.;
.any proposition. Dryden, 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country; any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market at.
ON pianos, furniture: no removal; lowest
rates; no com.; private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
MONEY WANTED.
$3000 PRIVATE loan wanted; reasonable rate
on income business property. Box 3263. Call.
FINANCIAL.
LOANS on real estate, bonds, etc.: lowest
rates. McAFEE 8R05... 108 Montgomery St.
PA WSBKOK KUS.
B WISE and borrow from the Cut Rate Loan
Office, 22 Mason st, bet. Market and Eddy.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davles,
true friends of all Invalids, men and women;
50 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
. avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; . no
delay; self-cure sent: call or write; free; con-
fidential. DR. AND MRS. M. DAVIES. 59
McAllister St.; pills, $2. . ;
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
-monthly irregularities -(from whatever cause)
In a few hours; safe and sure at all times
• when others have failed; no instruments used;
- .homo in confinement; comfort and privacy;
cure $5; pills $1; every case guaranteed: con-
* sultation free and confidential. - MRS. DR.
- WYETH. MS Post St.. near Larkin.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
- diseases; a home In confinement, with best
: possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case;
they will find in her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYKR. 226 Turk st.
DRS. GOODWIN. 401 Van Ness— Ladles, near
or far. consult free, only doctor who uses
Schtnck's method, the celebrated French phy-
sician; safe, sure, reliable cure for all irreg-
ularities; any cause; restores strength and
vigor of organs: unexcelled; 15 years' prac-
tice; home; best skill: low fees: pills, $2.
SURE cure, when others fail; no medicine or
Instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore in 1 day; never falls: consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 318 Kearny; orders by telegram.
A TREATMENT that restores instantly all
cases of monthly Irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office, $5; consultation free; hours 10 to 6.
DR. AND MRS. KOHL. 1118 Market st.
A J3OON to wives and mothers— Seguro; price
$150. RICHARDS A CO.. 406 Clay St.: send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 631 X St.. Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ;' don't delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents, Oakland, Cal.
DRS. ELY. late of Ohio, 71 Fourth St.— Ladles'
t ire cure; any, all; cure at office, $5; pills, $1.
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetz: infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
DR. : HALL, 59 McAllister St.; diseases of wo-
men and children. . ... i :
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. 1416 Sth St.. Alameda.
LOST.
LOST— A passbook with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, in the
name of JULIE NORTON, No. 140,720. The
finder will please return to bank.
GREYHOUND, white dog, with half brlndle
head. Return 1019 Market st.: liberal reward.
LOST Pass-book with the Hibernla Savings
and Loan Society of San Francisco, In the
name of FANNIE B. WHITE, No. 185.975.
The finder ' will -lease return to bank.
LOST— Stickpin ; ruby and diamonds. Finder
return to 1001 Bush st. ; ■■ reward.
LOST— Small watch charm filled with quartz;
valuable as keepsake. Suitable reward If
. returned to 212 East st. . •
CASK given for old gold and silver Jewelry at
U N CLE HARRIS' 15 Grant aye.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS— Office of the Registrar of Voterg,
City Hall.
Sealed bids will be received by the Board of
Election Commissioners in open session on
Saturday, April 16, ISHB, at 10 o'clock a. m., aa
follows:
First— For repairing and setting up election
houses in such special election precincts as
may be designated by the Registrar of Voters,
nnd repairing and petting up within the same
the compartments, stands and tables, and for
taking down all the election houses erected and
storing them, together with compartments,
stands and. tables, In the city's warehouse, near
Fourth and Hooper streets.
Second— For furnishing polling places with
chairs, lamps and oil.
Third— For printing and furnishing twenty-
five thousand (25.000) maps, lithographed, for
the eighteen assembly districts.
AU work to be done In conformity to the
specifications, and subject to the conditions
imposed by section No. 3245 of the Political
Code.
Plans and specifications and penalties to be
imposed for any violation of the same are now
on file at the office of the Registrar of Voters.
W. J. BIGGY,
Registrar of Voters, City and County of San
Francisco.
PROPOSALS fur frosh beef and mutton— Office
Chief Commissary, San Francisco, Cal., April
12, 1898.
Sealed proposals, in triplicate, will be re-
ceived here anrl at ofilces of Commissaries at
Alcatraz Island, Angel Island, Benioia Bar-
racks, Fort Mason, Presidio of San Francisco
and San Diego Barracks, ■ Cal., until 11 o'clock
a. m., May 12, IMS, and then opened, for fur-
nishing the fresh beef and fresh mutton In bulk
required at those posts by the Subsistence De-
partment, United States Army, during period
commencing July 1, and ending December 31,
1898. Fresh beef shall be good In quality and
condition fit for immediate use, and from fore
and hind-quarter meats proportionally, includ-
ing all the best cuts thereof. Fresh mutton
shall be of good, fat and marketable quality,
from wethers over one and under three years
old. Beef and mutton to be dressed and
trimmed and delivered as prescribed in circular
of Instructions. Proposals will be also received
stating price at which bidder will deliver fresh
beef or mutton of character above stated, and
to be delivered of temperature not greater than
50 degrees Fahrenheit. Government reserves
right to reject in whole or In part any or all
bids. Instructions furnished on application to
Post Commissaries or CHARLES P. EAGAN,
Colonel. Chief Commissary.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROA D W A Y.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
GREAT bargain; 7-room, 2-story house, with
bath; nearly new; price $2600; about cost of
house alone: terms to suit; good vacant lots
taken for part. Inquire JAS. MALLOCH,
1015 21st St., or C. K. King. 902 Broadway.
MUST be sold— Corner lot. 100x150. with 5
houses, bringing in a rental of $85 per month;
only one block from narrow gauge depot:
will be sold In whole or part; offer wanted.
J. CALLAGHAN. Sl4 Broadway. Oakland.
OAKLA.NI!> HOUSES TO LET.
NINE-ROOM house: five minutes' walk from
local train; two car lines within three blocks;
sunny corner. Mrs. Brower, 1261 Eighth aye.
6-ROOM house; laundry and bath; water free.
Apply 557 Sixth st.. near station.
OAKLAND ROOMS.
SUNNY rooms, en suite or single, furnished or
unfurnished; elegant private residence; every
convenience; large well kept grounds. 715 Bth.
BAY-WINDOW suite: estab. dentist's office;
also complete housekpg rms. 856 Broadway.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD
FIFTEENTH, 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with hoard; private; large yard.
OAKLAND FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods very cheap
this week. SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S
Eleventh st.. Oakland.
OAKLAND .MEDIUM.
MRS. PALMER, medium and magnetic healer,
cordially invites the public to call; business
readings. 875 Washington St.. r. 3, Oakland.
ALAMEDA ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
$750— Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
schoolhouse.
$1200-Sacrifice; corner lot 35x140; good house of
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot E0xl50; fine cottage of 7 rooms and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— 5150 cash; $25 per month; lot 40x150; only
2 blocks from station and h!gn school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath; lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let in all parts of Alameda.
H P. MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park at.
ALAMEDA FURNISHED HOUSES.
TO Rent— Completely furnished house, 12
rooms; choicest location; beautiful grounds.
Call for NORVEN, 1541 Central ay., Alameda.
BERKELEY REAL LSTATB.
SNAP— For sale cheap or exchange, large cor-
ner lot and 6-room house in Berkeley; bath;
high basement; brick foundation; fine gar-
den; windmill; small amount cash, balance
on easy installments; also corner lot and 2-
story house in West Oakland on the above
terms. Call on ISAACS, 409 O'Farrell, S. F.
HOME, S minutes' walk from beautiful North
Berkeley station; 4-room house, bath: splen-
did well water all year; barn; lot 40x134; fine
marine view; at one-half original cost; $250
down, balance easy installments; low inter-
est; show house to-day. Inquire S. TAYLOR.
Berkeley station.
$2700— A FINE house of 8 rooms; lot 40 x 160;
street work all done; splendid view. JOSEPH
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
$12.'0— a VERY big bargain; house of 6 rooms
and bath, etc.: lot 40x130: Improvements cost
$1200. JOSEPH J. MASON, Real Estate,
Berkeley station.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE-
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR.
Villa lots ard acreage; easy terms; 45 minutes
from the city; cottage* for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST CO.. 132 Market st.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE.
75-ROOM lodging-house for ranch... $4,000
50 ranches, 5 to 5000 acres, from $100 to.. 50.000
Store and 2 flats; rented for $61 8,000
H. C. DECKER, 1020 Market, opp. Fifth.
NX".' house and lot to exchange for lota. Call
329 Thirteenth st.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted mar-
riage licenses yesterday:
John E. Waters and Marie C. Schall. 47-34.
Samuel Evans and Mary A. Jung, 42-42.
Chris de Julio and Mary Leone, W>-23.
W. YV. Deamer and Helen A. Callahan. 37-30.
W. J. Black and Elenor M. Nlsbet. 26-27.
A. Devincenci and Amelia Erchllitl, 2S-18.
Richard Miller and Mary Kelleher. 29-22.
Frank P. Kolly and Celia Glonnon, 2-.'-21.
Thomas H. MoGuire nnd Katherine Ney, 27-22.
David Landi and Rosalie Baum. 32-24.
William E. Jason and Mac M. Murphy, 32-22.
James Eglos and Susie C. Coggeshall, 37-29.
BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be Indorsed with the name and residenca
of persons authorized to have the same pub-
lished.
BORN.
BRANSTETTER— Near Ferndale, April 3, 1898,
to the wife of D. A. Branstetter, a daughter.
EX LUND— In Salinas, Ar>ril 12, 1898, to the
wife of Nela Eklund, a son.
FERN'S— In this city. April 13, 1898, to the wife
of William Ferns, a son.
FREEMAN— In this city. April 9, 1898, to the
wife of Walter .1. Freeman, a son.
HARRIER— In Vallejo. April 9, 1898, to the
wife of L. G. Harrier, a son.
HANSON— Near Ferndale. April 3. 1898, to the
wife of George C. Hanson, a son.
LEVY— In this city, April 12, 1898, to the wife
of J. C. Levy, a daughter.
LINTNER— In this city. April IS, 1898, to the
wife of Frank X. Lintncr, a sen.
MIXTER— In Visalla, April 9, 1898, to the wife
of Frank Mixter, a son.
NATHAN— In Alameda. April 14, 1898. to the
wife of Charles S. Nathan, a daughter.
PILGER— In Santa Cruz, April 9, IS9B, to the
wife of George A. Pilger, a daughter.
SHANNON— In this city, April 9, 1898, to the
Wife Of D. J. Shannon, a daughter.
THOMPSON— Near Ferndale, April 1, 1898. to
the wife of P. F. Thompson, a son.
WILLIAMS— In this city. April 13. 1898. to the
wife of Charles D. Williams, a daughter.
MARRIED.
HARGENS— OHM— In this city, April 12, 1898,
by the Rev. J. M. Buehler, Emil Hargens
and F.milie Ohm.
MIKKLESEN— TRASK— In San Hafael, April
9, IS9S. Robert Mlkklesen and Mrs. Abbie M.
Trask.
MILLER— DAVIS— In this city, at the resi-
dence of Dr. Spauldlng. by the Rev. Dr. E.
B. Spaulding. rector of St. John's Church,
William Miller and Ruby W. Davis, both of
San Francisco.
MICRRiLL— CARTWRIGHT— In this city, April
13, IS9B, by the Rev. John A. B. Wilson, D.D.,
Charles Edward Runyon Merrill and Llllle
Edith Cartwright, both of San Francisco.
SEELY— MASON— Near Arcata. April 2, 1898,
by the Rev. A. Holbrook, Frank Hazelton
Scely and Mattie Mason.
SMITH— RICHIE— In Arcata, April 3, 1898. by
the Rev. A. Holbrook, Byron Menefea Smith
and Emma Isabel Richie.
WHITE— STRONG— In Pleasanton, April 12,
1898, by the Rev. Robert Burley, Charles S.
White of Pleasanton and Harriet E. Strong
of Woodland.
DIED.
Anderson, Alfred C. Kercheval, John
Barrett. John Kerr, Tlllie R.
Bawart, Frank Mawson. Josephine
Cashman, William L. Mayo, Nathaniel C.
Connolly, George F. Messner, Louis A.
Corkery- J'^h" D - Mibach, Catharina
Perham. William Miller, Mary
Egan. Bridget Muller. Elizabeth
Deasy, Margaret O'Brien, James
Deiavan, Mrs. Mary O'Donnell, Maggie
Edwards, Margaret Pieper, William
Oallen, Hannah Stout, Dr. Arthur B.
Grant, George H. Sullivan, Bridget
Hardesty, John F. Thomas, Griffith J.
Hoesch, Josephine Traga. Mary A.
Hogan. Thomas Whlpple. Sarah M.
Hornberg, Kate Wohltmann, John D.
ANDERSON— In Santa Cruz. April 11, 1808.
Alfred C. Anderson, a native of Ohio, aged
59 years.
BARRETT— In Stockton, April 14, 189S, John,
beloved husband of Mrs. Mary Barrett, and
beloved father of Mrs. Arden Belclen and
Afines, John J. and Frank I. Barrett, a na-
tive of Ireland, aged 57 years.
IC?"Notice of funeral hereafter.
BAWART— In this city, April v, 1898, Frank,
dearly beloved husband of Therese Bawart,
and father of Josephine, Frank. Anton. Ru-
dolph and Tlllie Bawart, a native of Tyrol
Schwelts, Germany, aged 3C years 11 months
and 21 days.
CASHMAN— In this city, April 13. IS9B, Wil-
liam L. Cashman, a native of Ohio, aged 61
years.
(CT Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral par-
lors of Porter & White. 122 Eddy street. In-
terment National Cemetery. ,
CONNOLLY— In this city, April 14, 189<?,Oeorge
F., beloved son of Eugene and Rose Connolly,
a native of San Francisco, used 6 months
and 23 days.
CORKERY— In this city, April 13, 1838. John
D., beloved husband of Ann Corkery, and
brother of Mrs. Mary Hoort, Mrs. J. Devine
of San Jose, Mrs. Hannah Butler, Mrs. Ellen
Schilling of Benicia, James Corkery, i>en-
nls Corkery of San Jose and Patrick Corkery,
a native of Macroom, County Cork Ireland,
aged 60 years.
(CTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 121 Juniper street, off Harrison, be-
tween Tenth and Eleventh, thence to St.
Joseph's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of his soul,
commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment Holy
Cross Cemetery. ■ ► , » ■ :
EGAN— In this city, April 14, 1898, Bridget
Egan, a native of Ireland, aged 70 years.
DEASY— In San Rafael, April 13, IT9B, Mar-
garet, dearly beloved wife of timothy, dearly
beloved mother.of Mary (wife of F. C. Allen),
Michael, Margaret and Timothy Deasy Jr.,
and sister of Mary Hartnet and Mrs. B.
Lombard, a native of Bandon, County Cork,
Ireland, aged 60 years and 2 months. (Bos-
ton papers please copy.)
E?"Funeral services will be held over the
remains of the late Mrs. Timothy Deasy
this day (Friday), at 10:30 o'clock, at
St. Raphael's Church, where a solemn high
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul. Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend. Interment Mount
Olivet Cemetery.
DELAVAN— In Sacramento, Cal., April 14, 1898,
Mrs. Mary A. Delavan, mother of Mrs.
Charles Thorn Jr. and Mrs. M. B. Potter.
aged 77 years. (Michigan papers please copy.)
Kyinterment at Grass Valley.
DERHAM— In this city, April 14, 1898. Wil-
liam, beloved husband of Marsaret, and
father of Le Roy, Herbert, Ben, Albert and
Martha Derham, a native of Brooklyn, N. V.,
aged 50 years 10. months and 22 days.
(C?" Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 9 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence, 435 Lombard street, thence to St.
Francis Church for services, thence to St.
Holy Cross Cemetery, by 10:40 o'clock train.
EDWARDS— this city. April 13, 1898, Mar-
garet, beloved wife of the late' Edward W.
Edwards, a native of County Galway, Ireland,
aged 56 years. ...
tu?"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, • from the parlors of
Theodor Dierks, 957 Mission street, thence tv
1 St. Patrick's' Church for services. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery, by train leaving Third
and Townsend streets at 11:30 o'clock.
GALLEN— this city. April 12, 1898, Hannah,
beloved wife of Daniel Gallen, and mother of
John T., George and James Gallon, Mrs. H.
F. McGee. Mrs. John O'Neil. Mrs. Dan J.
Ahem and Hannah and Kate Gallen, a na-
tive of the parish of Termonamonagan,
County Tyrone, Ireland, aged 61 years.
(C^Friend"? and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), ai 9:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 1209*4 Devisadero street, thence to
Holy Cross Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of her
soul, commencing at 10 o'clock. Interment
Holy Cross Cemetery.
GRANT— In Mountain View, April 12, 1898,
George Henry Grant, a native of Massachu-
setts, aged 72 years 9 months and 10 days.
HARDESTY— In San Jose, April 11, 1898, John
F. Hardesty, a native of Missouri, aged 68
years. . .
HOESCH— In this city, April 12, 1898. Joseph-
ine, beloved mother of John Hoesch, Mrs.
Frank L. Bodwell and Mrs. Chester Packard,
a native of Germany.
ITTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at 9:30 o'clock, from the Church of
St. Charles Borromeo, corner Eighteenth and
Shotwell streets, where a solemn requiem
high mass will be celebrated lor the repose of
her soul. Interment Marysville, Cal.
HOGAN— Oakland. April 14, IS9B, Thoma«
Hogan, a native of Ireland, aged 67 years.
HORNBERG— In this city, April 14, IS9S, Kate,
dearly beloved wife of A. P. Hornberg, and
mother of Charles, Helen, Arthur and Flor-
ence Hornberg. a native of Ireland, aged 37
years.
E7"The funeral will take place to-morrow
(Saturday), at it o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 533 Bush street, thence to St. Mary's
Cathedral, where a requiem mass will be
'celebrated for the repose of her soul, com-
mencing at 9:30 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery..
KERCHEVAL— In Oakland, April 14. IS9S.
John, husband of Carrie A. Kercheval. a na-
tive of Illinois, aged 61 years and 6 months.
KERR— In Alvarado, April 14, 18*8, Tlllie R.,
beloved daughter of A. and Jane Kerr, a
■ native of San Francisco, aged 19 years 8
months and 10 days.
(Es"Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 10 o'clock, from the Presby-
terian Church at Alvarado. Interment De-
cot Cemetery-
MAWSON— In this city. April 13. 1898. Jose-
phine w., beloved wife of the late Lidwin R.
Mawson, and mother of Mrs. E. B. Holmes."
and Mathilda R., Bertha C, David H. and
Edith B. Mawson, aged 53 years and 7
months. A member of Seven Pines Circle,
Ladles of the G. A. R.
E7"Frlenc]s and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral Sunday,
April 17. 18SS. at 2 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence.- 1442 Jessie street, between Thirteenth
and Fourteenth. Interment Cypress I.awn
. Cemetery, via electric-car from Eighteenth
and Guerrero streets at 3 o'clock.
MAYO— In "this city. April 14, 1898. Nathaniel
r C, husband of Mary A. W. Mayo, and father
of Alice F. Hanscom of Cambridgeport, Mass.,
Clara E. Steers, Hattie M. Hitchcock and
Clarence E., Nat L. and Harry L. Mayo, a
native of Gloucester, Mass., aged 67 years.
MESSNER— In Alameda, April 14, 1898, at the
residence of his mother, 2236 Railroad ave-
nue, Louis A., beloved son of Magdalena and
the late Louis Messner, and brother of
Charles, Eugene, Marie, Frank, Emlle and
the late Joseph Messner, a native of Buffalo,
N. Y. •
■- Not ice of funeral hereafter.
MIBACH— In this city, April 12. 1898, Catharina,
dearly beloved wife of Peter Joseph Mibach,
and mother of Michael Mibach, Mrs. Joseph
Muller, Mrs. F. Garrissere. Mrs. Peter J.
Weber, Mathias and Harry J. Milach and
Mrs. F. Espel, a native of Germany, aged 71
years. (Marysville papers please copy.)
■ EyFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from the resi-
dence of her daughter, Mrs. F. Garrissere,
SCO Sutter street, near Mason, thence to St.
Boniface Church, Golden Gate avenue, be-
tween Jones and Leavenworth streets, where
a solemn requiem high mass will be cele-
brated for the repose of ..is soul, commenc-
ing at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Ceme-
tery. : . ■ - . ■
MILLER— In Mountain View April 11, 1898,
Mary MWler, a native of Ireland, aged 62
y?ars.
MULLER— In this city, April 12. 1898, Eliza-
beth, dearly beloved wife of George Muller
■ daughter of John and Maria Vettel, sister of
Jacob, John, Nicholas, Philip Barbara
Vettel of Heppenheim, Germany, niece of Ja-
cob and Johanna Frank, daughter-in-law of
George and Theresa Muller, and s»ster-ln-
law of Edward and Herman Muller a na-
tive of Heppenheim, A. B. D., Hessen-Dorm-
stadt. Germany, aged 27 years 7 months and
6 days. (Rochester, N. V., papers please
copy.)
[ET'Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 4078 Hyde street, thence to St. Boni-
face Church, Golden Gats nvenue, near Jones
Btreet, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery.
O'BRIEN— In this city, April 13. 1808. James
Francis, beloved son of Honor and the late
James O'Brien, and brother of the late Annie
L., Josephine and May O'Brien, a native of
San Francisco, aged IS years.
(^Friends and acquaintances are regpect-
■>'" '1 th« Mineral this day
(Friday), at S:3O o'clock, from the residence
of his mother, 542 Grove street, thence to
Sacred Heart Church, where a solemn re-
quiem mass will be celebrated for the repose
of his soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery-
O'PONNELL— In this city, April 12, IS9B, Mag-
gie, beloved daughter of Bridget and the lato
John O'Donnell. and sister of Delia and
Martin O'Ponnell, a native of San Fran-
cisco, aged 21 years 7 months and 2 days.
(C7"Frienils ami acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 311 Seventh street. Interment
Mount Calvary Cemetery.
PIEPKR— In this city. April 14. 1898, William,
dearly beloved husband of Agnes Pieper. and
father of George Pieper, a native of Rugen-
walde, Germany, aged 45 years and 16 days.
STOUT— In this city, April 14, 18P8, Dr. Arthur
B. Stout, a native of New York, aged 83
years 11 months and 16 days.
%y Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from Pioneer Hall,
Fourth street, near Market. Remains at the
parlors of the California Undertaking Com-
pany. 123 Stockton street, corner of Geary.
SULLIVAN— In this city, April 13, 1898, Brid-
get, beloved wife of James Sujllvan, and
sister of the late Ann Hayes, a native of the
parish of Rosscarbery, County Cork, Ireland,
aged 71 years. (Boston, Mass., papers please
copy.)
(CTFrieTids and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend tl c funeral this day
(Friday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence. 309 Natoma street, between Fourth
and Fifth,, thence to St. Patrick's Church for
services. Interment Mount Calvary Ome-
tery.
THOMAS— In this city, April 14. 1898 Griffith
J., dearly beloved husband of Ida. father of
Leon Thomas, dearly beloved son of Mary
Ann Thomas, and brother of Henry. James
and Neltle Thomas, Mrs. S. Rewcastle and
Mrs. Mary Cuneo, a native of San Francisco,
a*red 27 years and 23 days.
TRA.GA— In Bakursfield, April 12 1898, Mary
Ann Traga, a native of Portugal, aged 42
years.
WHIPPLE— In Eureka. April 6. IS9B, Sarah
Mabelle Whipple. n native of Nova Scotia,
aged 27 years 10 months and 27 days.
WOHLTMANN In this city. April 14. 1898,
John D . dearly beloved husband of Marie
C Wohltmann. and father of Annie. John
and AdeHa Wohltmann. a native of Germany,
cKP'I 4" year? ."*. montba and 11 days.
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, I
FUNERAL DIRECTORS & EMUALMER3 I
20 FIFTH ST., Opp. Lincoln Ssioal.
Telephone, South 80. |
a n. ji. m'.woy. M.inap-er. g
McflVOY «fc CO.,
I FUNERAL DIBBCTOSS AND KMBALMEB3, I
Uij Market St.. between stii audyth.
] Tflephone. South 247. i
910
TO DIRECT
FIRE OF
ARTILLERY
System to Control All
the Stations Defend
ing This City.
A Board Appointed by
General Shafter "Will
Convene To-Day.
Five Hundred Tents to Be
Sent From Here to St.
Louis.
INSPECTION AT BENICIA.
Strict Regulations at th» Presidio.
Recent Desertion* From the
Garrison.
The following special order was is
sued yesterday:
Headquarters Department of Califor
nia:
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal.,
April 14, 1898.
Special Order No. 31.
(Extract)
I—A1 — A board of officers to consist of
Colonel Marcus P. Miller, Third Ar
tillery; Major Edward Field, Second
Artillery, artillery inspector; Captain
Sedgwick Pratt, Third Artillery, and
First Lieutenant Eugene T. Wilson,
Third Artillery, will convene at these
headquarters at 11 a. m. to-morrow,
the 15th instant, for the purpose of
formulating a fire-control system for
the artillery stations in San Fran
cisco harbor. The system will in
clude all the batteries at present
completed and in the process of con
struction, and will also keep in view
the extension of the system to in
clude all projected batteries. The
board is authorized to confer with
Colonel Charles R. Suter, corps of
engineers, for any information that
he may give that will be of service
to it in the performance of the duty
assigned to it. It is important that
this work be completed with the least
practicable delay.
Upon notification by the president
of the board, tiie different post com
manders will afford all facilities for
the prosecution of the work enjoined
by this order.
The junior member of the board
will act as recorder.
Such journeys as may be made by
the members of the Doard in the exe
cution of this duty are necessary for
the public service.
By command of
BRIGADIER GENERAL SHAFTER.
J. B. BABCOCK,
Assistant Adjutant General.
Official.
Some beautiful theories about con
centrating the flr<s of the mortars
twelve-inch breech-loading rifles, the
ten-inch breech-loading rifles, and
the dynamite guns cm an enemy's ves
sel will doubtless be presented to the
board. Firing according to the range
finder, the charts and at signals con
veyed by telephone to electricians may
be all right for long range work and
particularly applicable to the mortars
and dynamite guns for any»range, but
at short range it may become neces
sary to train the ten and twelve inch
rifles directly cm the floating object of
attack.
General Shafter may decide to test
the new-fangled theories on some old
hulk before adopting any arbitrary
system for fire control. The old-fash
ioned way of training a gun directly
on a ship works remarkably well a*t
close range. The members of the
board are practical and experienced of
ficers and will doubtless submit a
scheme for firing that will render the
cannonading highly effective.
Preparations for war continue with :
undiminiPhr-d vipror. Yosterday Gen- I
eral Shafter received orders from the !
Secretary of War to send five hundred
tents from the quartermaster's stores
In San Francisco to St. Louis. The
tents will probably be shipped to-day.
The purpose of General Miles to con
centrate a large force of the regular
army in the vicinity of Chattanooga
and Atlanta will probably be carried
out. Private Intelligence from Wash
ington indicatps that there has been
some little difference of opinion be
tween General Miles and the Secretary
of War regarding the scheme of mo
bilization. It is supposed now that
Gfnpral Miles has persuaded the Sec
retary to authorize the concentration
of the troops at Chattanooga or At- j
lanta. The tents ordered by wire yes- I
tcrday will probably be used for the ]
troops that will assemble at some point |
south of the Tennessee River.
The First United States Infantry Is
Ptill awaiting the order to go aboard
the train. Everything that comes to
light indicates a determination on the
part of General Miles to utilize the
services o-f this regiment at some other
point than San Francisco.
Rooent orders have been issued en
joining secrecy as to the plans of the
military arm of the service. The fol
lowing circular was issued yesterday
by Colonel Mi!'-s, commanding the post
at the Presidio:
PRESIDIO, &AN FRANCISCO, Cal.,
April 14, 1898.
Circular: Hereafter the gatekeep
ers will keep the gates of the reser
vation locked from 9 p. m. until 6
a. m. The gates will not be unlocked
for parties to enter or leave except
by order of the post or department
commander.
Whenever the gates are unlocked
after hours the facts will be reported
to the post commander. By order of
COLONEL MILES.
E. E. BENJAMIN, Adjutant.
<">rd«rs received yesterday from head-,
quarters of the army direct Second'
Lieutenant Frank A. Wilcox, Company
C, First Infantry, stationed at the
Presidio, to proceed at once to Fort
Monroe, Va., aid report to Captain
Thomas L. Casey, corps of engineers,
for temporary duty under his immedi
ate orders.
Since last November Lieutenant Wil
cox has been on duty at department
headquarters in the office pi. th% /en
glneer officer of the Department of Cal
ifornia, in connection with the progres
sive military map ordered by the Sec
retary of War.
Just prior to this date Lieutenant
Wilcox returned from a year's course
of instruction at the United States En
gineer School at Willets Point, N. V.,
| where his ability in connection with
i torpedoes for harbor defense and ex
periments with the same was recog
nized by his superior officers. His pres
| ent assignment under Captain Casey,
who is in charge of the defensive works
at Hampton Roads, Va., is a well-de
served detail for this young, energetic
I officer.
Lieutenant Wilcox bade good-by to
his friends at the Presidio and the Bo
hemian Club yesterday and got aboard
the Central overland train for the East
last evening. He wasted no time in
making his preparations to go to the I
front. Mr. Wilcox is familiar with the
system of suhmarine defense of San
Francisco harbor and his departure at
this time is a source of regret to the
engineer officers of the Pacific Division,
who are charged with the duty of
planting torpedoes in the channel. The
work is well advanced, however, and
should emergency require the immedi
ate employment of experts, citizens
skilled as electricians, may be em
ployed to assist the engineers.
General Shafter, accompanied by
Lieutenant Miley, Fifth Artillery, aid
and Engineer officer, went to Benicia
on the Government steamer General
McDowell yesterday and inspected Ma- i
jor Smith's battalion of the First In
fantry, stationed at Benicia Barracks.
The inspection was thorough as to the
troops, the equipment, clothing and
transportation outfit. The general
found that the battalion was ready to
take the field for active service with
out a minute's delay. The troops re
garded the visit of the department
commander as an indication that
marching orders would soon be given.
There was a red glow in the sky over
the Presidio last night. Observation
brought out the fact that it was
caused by massing artillery colors at
a mess dinner of the Presidio Club.
Lieutenant Colonel Wallace F. Ran
dolph, Third Artillery, who was re
cently promoted and assigned to duty |
at this station, was the chief guest at
the dinner last night.
There is such a scarcity of water at
the Presidio Reservation that the com
manding officer has ordered that all
the garden hose in the hands of officers
and organizations be turned over to
the quartermaster's department. The j
watering hereafter will be done under i
the direction of the head gardener.
The commander of the post has is
sued an order directing that men of the
infantry and cavalry on signal drill
shall not be given passes except on Sat
urdays and Sundays.
There was considerable talk among
the enlisted men at the post exchange
yesterday concerning desertions from
the garrison. Private William Vine
yord, Company G, First Infantry, is re
ported to have deserted on the 13th.
An artilleryman of Captain Dane's bat
tery is missing, but it is conjectured
that he did not desert. He left his pa
pers, a month's pay and same allow
ances. Officers commenting on his ab
sence hold to the theory that he has
been "shanghaied" or made away with I
in some other manner against his will.
Investigation of the rumor that de
sertions have been frequent of late does
not verify the assertion that the num
ber thus leaving the service is unusual.
Desertions occur at every large garri
son like the Presidio. Many soldiers
have been carried away by the glitter
ing stories of wealth acquired in the
Klondike country. Many good soldiers
whose terms of enlistment recently ex
pired and who were expected to re
enlist have disappointed their com
manding officers by preferring to take
a trip to Alaska before rejoining the
service.
A soldier of the First Infantry com
menting on the recent desertions said:
"This shows that a few of the men are
getting cold feet and do not want to
go to the front. It is better that they
should go now than later on. Every
regiment has a few men of this kind,
but the percentage of such is very
small in the First Infantry."
Captain Starr of the First Infantry
remarked yesterday that the percentage
of desertions had not increased since
the war talk began. Considering the
number of troops stationed at the Pre
sidio he regarded the desertions slight.
Colonel Miles, the commanding offi
cer, holds to the idea that the few men
who have deserted recently have been
tempted to leave by the stories from
the Klondike.
The assignment of officers In the new
: Sixth and Seventh Regiments of Artil
lery have been made as follows:
j Sixth Regiment— Colonel, Edward B. Willis- I
ton; Lieutenant Colonel, Frank C. Smith.
Majors— Samuel M. Mills, William P. Vose,
Frank C. Grugen.
Captains — Alexander B. Dyer, John T.
Honeycutt, James L. Wilson. George E. Sage, i
| William B. Homer, Albert Todd, Adam Slake, |
i Henry H. Ludlow, Charles B. Satterlee,
j Charles IV. Foster, Victor H. Bridgman, Clar
ence Deems.
First lieutenants— Edward A. Millar. Thomas
Ridgway William P. Stone, Louis Ostheim,
i Samuel D. Sturgis, Harry L. Hawthorne, Ar
thur F. Curtis, John K. Cree, Charles T. Men
oher, adjutant; Gustave W. S. Stevens. Edgar
Russell, Charles D. Palmer. William C. Davis,
Daniel W. Ketcham.
Second lieutenants — Morvyn C. Buckey, j
Earle d"A. Pearce, Benjamin M. Koehler,
Hugh LaF. Applewhite, Harry G. Bishop, Fred
A. Pearce, Sam F. Bottoms, Harold E. Cloke. |
Sever '.h Regiment — Colonel, William Sinclair; i
Lieutenant Colonel, Joseph G. Ramsay.
Majors — Charles Morris, George G. Green- j
oufih, John P. Story.
I Captains— John A. Lundeen, Montgomery M. !
I Macomb, John P. Wlsser, Henry R. Lemiy,
j George F. F. Harrison, John R. Williams, ;
George L. Anderson, Edward T. Brown, James i
C. Bush, William A. Simpson, William K.
Hamilton, John V. White.
First lieutenants— Henry C. Davis. John W.
Ruckman, Willoughby Walke. Isaac N. Lewis, j
Elisha S. Benton, Cornelius DeW. Willcox, I
John D. Barrette, Elmer W. Hubbard. Lucian
G. Berry, T. Bentley Mott, Henry T. Todd
Jr., Clint C. Hearn, Frank G. Maudlin, Wil
liam J. Snow.
Second lieutenants— Frederick E. Johnston, j
Arthur S. Conklin, James F. Brady, Roderick i
L. Carmichael, Andrew Moses, Thomas Q.
Ashburn. Wlllard D. Newbill.
Captain George E. Sage, Sixth United
States Artillery, v. ho recently received
orders to proceed to Fort McHenry,
received a great send off from his !
friends at the Bohemian Club. A part- I
| Ing dinner was given to the captain in |
i the red room. A miniature fort con
i structed of salt bags was a feature of
i the round tab'.e decoration. The fort
! was equipped with miniature artillery.
The flag floated from a pole in the cen
ter of the fort. The flag was raised to
the peak many times during the even
ing and every time it went up the signs
of a dry season vanished.
Following is the programme for the
United States First Infantry Band con
cert at the Presidio, 3 p. m. to-day:
March, "Rakoczy" (arr. by) Boettger
Overture, "Barbler de Seville" Rossini
"Song of the Nightingale" (for cornet and
piccolo) Zeller
j Waltz. "Mllltaire" Waldteufel
; Schubert's Serenade
! "Cujus Animam" Rossini's "Stabat Mater"
! Intermezzo Slnfonico, "Cavallerla Rusti
cana'' Mascagnt
Selection, ' "Travlata" ' Verdi
W. O. B. Erdmann. Musical Director.
Demanded a Jury Trial.
The cases of Dr. C. F. Rea. Mrs. J L
Fisher, C. L. Rppen and Frank Haskeli
charged with forcible entry and detainer
in connection with the fight for the pos
spssion of four rooms at 6 Turk street,
were called in Judge Low's court yester
day morning. The defendants were rep
resented by Attorney J. N. E. Wilson
who demanded a jury trial, and it was
fixed for April 2fi. Mrs. Fannie L. Mat
snn, the occupant of the rooms, was ar
rested yesterday on a charge of perjury
in swearing to the complaints against
Dr. Rea and Mrs. Fisher. B««nsi
School Census.
Seventy-five census marshals will be
placed in the field to-day by the Board
of Education to obtain the number of
school children in tnis city. They wilt
be occupied in this work until the end
of the month. The report of the result
of their work must be sent to Sacramento
by the 10th of May.
Prof. Hill has removed to commodious parlors
THE SAN FHANCISCO CALL, FBIDAY, APRTL 15, 1898.
LOUIE WEE
JUNE WAS
MURDERED
Such Is the Opinion
of the Coroner's
Jury.
Inconsequence the Police
and Morgue Officials
Disagree.
Detectives Who Had Thought
It a Suicide Again Inves
tigating the Case.
REPORTS SOON TO FOLLO
More Than Probable That an Inter
esting Controversy Will Ba
the Result.
Once more a Coroner's Jury has
plung-ed the police and Morgue officials
Into a controversy which may result
in as bitter opinions being expressed as
in days recently gone by.
This time the differences in opinion
have resulted from the death of an
WHERE LOUIE WEE JUNE MET HIS DEATH.
unfortunate Chinese cook, by name
Louie Wee June, who was found In a
hovel at 814 Washington street with
two bullet wounds in his abdomen. The
Morgue was notified, as was the Police
Department, and the investigations
went merrily on.
Yesterday afternoon a Coroner's Jury
met for the purpose of determining the
cause of the death of the Chinese and
returned a verdict of death from inter
nal hemorrhages following wounds, and
further that he came to his death by a
Kor parties unknown. The verdict
approved by Coroner Hawkins,
he conclusions of the detectives
lad been detailed on the case that
s suicide seemed to be as naught.
In many instances the Coroner and
heads of the Police Department have
agreed to disagree on such cases, and
now the detectives are again working
on the case to establish, if possible,
conclusive proof of suicide. The room
in which the deceased met his death
has been carefully gone over and every
one in the building who might possibly
throw light on the case has been close
ly questioned.
The police believe the theory of sui
cide is correct from the fact that there
is but one small window in the room
where the shooting took place and that
is over twenty feet from the roof below.
Also that the outside door was se
curely bolted when the other cook in
the building went to arouse his "boss."
The Coroner's jury, however, were
doubtful as to how the Chinese could
have twice wounded or shot himself
with a large caliber revolver in a vital
spot, but the police reply that the
wounds were merely superficial or at
least one was.
The situation of the room; the potvder
marks on the dead man's flesh; the
closed doors and the fact that the cook
had no enemies known to any of the de
ceased friends; that he had gambled
heavily for the past few months as
well as suffering from an old complaint
is what the detectives rely on and the
fact that two wounds were found on
the body was the cause for the verdict
as above given by the Coroner's jury.
However, there the matter rests and
while the detectives are still working
on the case the members of the jury
have gone their way. little thinking of
the turmoil which may follow a verdict
opposite to that hoped for by many
who had investigated the facts and cir
cumstances surreunding the death of
one Louie Wee June.
San Francisco Yacht Club.
At a meeting of the directors of th«
San Francisco Yacht Club held last night
at the Merchants' Exchange there were
present Commodore Dr. T. I>. Hill, Vice-
Commodore G. T. S. White, Treasurer R.
P.. Hogue. Measurer J. K. Punnett and
Secretary Charles B. Hill.
The North Pacific i Coast Railroad, has
agreed to run an extra ferry-boat between
San; Francisco and Sausallto'on Saturday,
April 23, the opening day of the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club. The boat will leave the
city at : 7:50 ;p. m. Z and 1 will ~ return . from
Sausalito at midnight. -s These . extra trips
will be a great convenience to those who
■*» feygreg ■'Witt Jfrfltaggng £j slut*
hop. Charley Dexter will have charge of
the supper, and good music will be pro
vided in the dance hall.
Th<*re will be a meeting of members or
the San Francisco Yacht Club on April
27 to consider the adoption of the pro
posed new by-laws.
The following new members were elect
ed: G. H. Low. Lewis Q. Haven, C. P.
Morse and E. Bi Carroll. The resigna
tions of Captain Merry. Messrs. Garrlck,
Gerstle and J. Harms "were accepted.
The question of the San Francisco
i.acht Club joining the Pacific Interclub
l acht Association was discussed, and the
general feeling of the directors was that
the club ought to become a member of
the association, and would do so if the
association would meet it half way. In
asmuch as the directors of the associa
tion whose action caused the San Fran
cisco Yacht Club to withdraw from the
association axe no longer in office, It is
only a question of time before the club
will enter the association again.
TOOK FORoIBLi: POSSESSION.
Lulu and Rose Sxathai Arrested by-
Deputy Sheriff Galland.
An aftermath of the eviction of Mrs.
Elizabeth Mathai and her daughters.
Lulu, Rose and Julia, from the house 3928
Seventeenth street, which was published
exclusively in The Call of yesterday, was
oiS rest yesterday morning by Deputy
bnenff Galland of the two daughters,
Kose i and Lulu, on charges of malicious
m if£ hlef and forcible entry.
T. he two women returned to the house
after the eviction and again took posses
sion. To gain an entrance they broke
open the doors whirh had been securely
fastened by the deputy sheriffs. They |
deny breaking open the doors, and have j
a list of the windows and doors which |
they declare they found opened or un
fastened.
COMPROMISED IN GOURT.
Amicable Settlement of a Damage
Suit Against the Pacific Koll
ing mills.
When the case of Mrs. Mary Wood
head, who sought to recover $10,000 dam
ages from the Pacific Rolling Mills for
the death of her husband, who was killed
at the Hall of Justice building last
Christmas evening, was called for trial In
Judge Hunt's court yesterday Attorney
Goodfellow, representing the company,
said that he had an offer to make looking
toward a settlement of the litigation. He
said that while the company disclaimed
any responsibility for the death of "Wood
head, although he was in its employ, it
was willing to pay his widow $1000 cash
in addition to defraying the costs of the
suit; guarantee her a home for three
years, paying $15 a month for the rent of
the house, and also give her two sons
employment at the mills while they
worked faithfully.
Judge Hunt said that the terms of the
compromise were the fairest he ever
heard, and he advised Mrs. Woodhead to
accept the proposition. Her attorney
was also of the same opinion, and acting
on their advice given Mrs. Woodhead ac
cepted thn terms of settlement and judg
ment in favor of the company was en
tered.
DID NOT CONDUCT
PULPIT AND BAR
Charles Montgomery Put In a
False Light by Bill
heads.
Says Ho Conducted the Silver State
Hotel on Temperance
Lines.
In The Call of April 2 an account of
various rows between landlord and ten
ants at the notorious Silver State Hotel
portrayed Charles Montgomery as con
ducting a religious revival in the base
ment of the hotel and a saloon on the
ground floor.
Investigation reveals the fact that Mr.
Montgomery was put in a harsh light be
cause of the fact that his successors, who
conducted a saloon in connection with a
transient rooming-house, continued to
use letter-heads that ' announced Mr
Montgomery as manager of the entire
business. The gentleman denies that any
of the servants of ; the house were de
frauded while he was ■ manager of the
hotel. There are few persons in San
Francisco s=o well known in charity and
Christian work as the gentleman who was
thus set forth as conducting: a saloon
and.transient house, for which reason the
advertising: matter used by the hotel
a f v e r ry th b e ad^!rh? was started *»&*»s
te? P in n^°vft hl^ CO ? nection with the : ho
tel, last night, Mr. Montgomery said:
«V t n h». er collected ' my money '•■ from \ the bar.
alter I %»'? S no T there until some months
hi. i x I na 'l ceased all connection with the
on Jv,J» tor "\, . management ; of . the ■ hotel
on February 13 , and quit on July 13. : while
the bar was not started until : October .. -While
I was connected with : the house It s was con
ducted on strict lines of r respectability < and
temperance. «» We had temperance ■ parlors ; con
nected with It and at no time were intoxicants
5?o»;*«7r?i," 1?°»t.1 ?°» t . was P atr °nized by r the 5 best
class or _ Christian : and temperance people, and
during: the Christian: Endeavor convention it
was headquarters for the; United Presbyterian
delegates. 11 ; never received a', cent from the
sale of -liquor and, I, never went to the hotel
after- I had severed . connection ' with It or at
any other time ■ to ; collect ; money at 1 o'clock
1 each day. ' ~ '
j '•. Mr. Montgomery is president of the
California Prison Commission . and he de
votes a great deal of : his ' time to aiding
convicts after they are -.;' released S,:.' from
prison. He v never r. asks i what ' denomina
tion belong to, but bends his ener
1 gies toward inducing them to lead. better
lives. He is well known in this city also
las grojrietfts th& grook&a Hotel.
ANTHONY WAS
DISAPPOINTED
His Witnesses Were Not
Called to the
Stand.
Inquest on the Body of Mrs.
Vidal Cervantes by the
Coroner.
Verdict by the Jury of Death From
Natural Causes — An Unsatisfac
tory Autopsy.
By the action of Coroner Hawkins, at
the request of the Police Department, in
exhuming the remains of Mrs. Vidal Cer
vantes and holding an inquest, her hus
band has been officially exonerated from
the suspicion entertained by Detective
Anthony and friends of the deceased that
her death was the result of foul play.
The remains have been again laid away
to rest, and the verdict rendered by the
jury of "death due to natural causes"
will allow the whole matter to rest so far
as the authorities are concerned.
Mortification had set in before the ex
humation of the body, and for this reason
the autopsy made by Autopsy Surgeon
Gallagher, in the presence of Dr. Ragan,
who appeared on behalf of the husband,
was not at all complete or satisfactory.
Dr. Gallagher explained afterward that,
owing to the progress of decomposition,
the autopsy was of little value. He found
some signs of dilation of the heart and
hardening of the first part of the aorta.
a he stomach and other alimentary organa
were delivered to Dr. C. L. Morgan,
chemist for the Coroner, for analysis.
At the inquest yesterday Dr. Morgan
testified that he found morphine in tho
stomach, but not in sufficient quantity to
cause death.
Dr. Artigues repeated the prescription
which he had given Florentino Cervantes
to have filled. It was composed exclus
ively of poisons, and was as follows:
Sixty grains of lodide of potassium, 30
drops of tincture of belladonna and Oi)
drops of tincture of lobelia; dose, a table
spoonful every two or three hours until
relieved of the pain caused by the asthma
with which the deceased had been cutler
ing. He also ordered ten morphine pow
ders of one-sixth of a grain each, one
powder to be taken every three hours
until sleep should be induced.
The only time ho was called in to see
the patient was on March 29, a day before
death took place. She was gasping for
breath, and he fr'.und that the woman
was suffering from an intense attack cf
asthma. He found symptoms also of
fatty degeneration of the heart. Next
morning a man from Marini, the under
taker, came to him and asked him to sign
the death certificate, but the doctor re
fused to do so, because he had seen the
patient only once before her death, and
he told the man that probably some other
physician had been called in after he
(Artig-ues) had left.
After the young man had gone away
Undertaker Marini called on the doctor
and requested tn« doctor to sign the cer
tificate for the one visit, promising to
take it to the Coroner and have the Cor
oner sign it. Dr. Artigues then signed the
certificate, setting forth that death re
sulted from heart failure and asthma.
Hans Nellsen, agent for Mrs. Vidal Cer
vantes, told how the deceased came to see
him the day before her death and said to
him that it was almost the last time he
would ever Bee her alive. She explained
that she was suffering from the effects of
an overdose of medicine administered to
her by the servant girl; that the dose j
prescribed by the doctor was from twenty
to forty drops, and the girl had given her
200 drops. She became very sick, and was
obliged to send for a doctor. The witness
was not positive whether this conversa
tion took place before or after the mar
riage.
After -^rs. Cervantes died a woman and
Mr. Cervantes called upon Nellsen for the
personal property of the deceased. Cer
vantes informed Neilsen that the deceased
had mentioned him as having worked for
her for many years, and had requested
him to remunerate Neilsen for his past
services. He offered Neilsen $500 at first,
and afterward increased the offer to $1500.
Felicitas Navidad, a Mexican woman,
testified that the deceased told her Cer
vantes had been urging her to make a
will, but that she had refused to make
any will because she did not believe she
was married to Cervantes.
Florentino Cervantes is a swarthy,
good-looking young man, employed as a
leather-worker in a Montgomery-avenue
estabishment. He married the deceased,
he said, on Marcn 21 of this year, and rihe
died nine days afterward. During her
illness he and the bridesmaid waited on
the sick woman. He never saw the brides
maid before the day of the marriage, and
she was not a relative of his. Although
appointed special administrator, he had
turned over the estate to the Puhlie Ad
ministrator. He denied that the deceased
had made him a present of $2000 or ui.y
other sum on the day of the wedding. She
never gave him as much as 1 cent. He
found $90t> belonging to her in her box in
the safe deposit vault.
The witness denied also that Neilsen
hnd asked him for any money or that he
had offered Neilsen any. He had told the
witness that he had two lawyers, who
would sue the estate for wages due him
by the deceased for his services. Cer
vantes said it was not necessary to pet
lawyers, because he (Cervantes) would
pay him well, the. deceased having recom
mended that he Bhould do so.
With regard to the cherry pectoral, the
witness said he swallowed two teaspoon
fu!s of it ... mself before he administered
a teaspoonful to the deceased.
After Coroner Hawkins had sent out
the jury to deliberate upon the case, De
tective Anthony loudly expressed, his dis
satisfaction with the manner in which the
inquest had boen conducted. He pointed
out to the reporters several witnesses
whom he had in attendance and who had
not been given an opportunity of telling
what they knew about the case. He said
he was disgusted and that he had never
in his experience seen an important mat
ter rushed throurn so hastily.
The verdict of the jury was based on
the testimony of Chemist Morgan, to the
effect that there was not enough mor
phine in the stomach of the deceased to
cause death and that there were evi
dences of disease of the heart.
It is likely that the inquest has ended
the matter so far as the police are con
cerned.
MRS. LEVY'S DEATH.
A Verdict of Suicide Rendered in the
Case of the Unfortunate Woman.
A Coroner's jury yesterday brought in
a verdict of suicide in the case of Mrs.
Catherine li'evy, a divorced woman, who
killed herself by taking carbolic acid on
the 7th inst.
Harold C. Price, a witness, denied that
he and Charles W. Wilson, who sum
moned the police to Mrs. Levy's resi
dence, were acquainted with the de
ceased. They saw a man dressed in blue
take the bottle of poison from Mrs. Levy
in front of the drugstore on the corner of
Third and Natoma streets and then re
turn it to her.
Th-;y Will Be Lanaed.
Collector Jackson was notified yester
day by the Secretary of the Treasury
that 220 Chinese would arrive at this port
on the Gaelic, due on the 23th inst. The
Chinese are on their way to the Omaha
Exposition as actors, jugglers, artists
nnrl exhibitors, and should be allowed to
pass on in peace, they having agreed to
return to China after the close of the
exposition.
Their Annual Reunion.
The eleventh annual reunion and dinner
of the Dartmouth College Alumni Asso
ciation of the Pacific Coast was held at
the Occidental Hotel last evening. Prior
to the dinner the following- officers were
elected for the ensuing year: President,
Hon. Thomas Flint Jr., '80; vice-presi
dents—Hon. I. G. Hoitt, '60, and Rev. John
Waterman, '57; secretary, T. A. Perkins,
'80; treasurer, Cyrus S. Wright, '57; chor
ister, Frank Morton, '80. Dr. Sidney
Worth. '71, was elected a member of the
executive committee. Rev. John Water
man presided at the dinner and acted as
toastmaster.
RUINED BY OPIUM.
George O'Neil, a Property Owner and
Ex-Convict, Arrested for
Burglary.
George O'Neil, an ex-convict, was
booked at the City Prison yesterday
morning by Detectives Fitzgerald and
Graham and Policeman Leonard of the
Mission district, on a charge of burglary.
H _ e is accused ot breaking into the house
of Edwin A. Green. 115 Bartlett street,
Tuesday afternoon and stealing a quan
tity of jewelry.
O'N'eil is one of the sureties on the two
bonds for $500 each accepted hy Judge
Campbell for the release of Sidney Kel
lett and which were declared forfeited
by Judge Low Monday, as Kellett has
fled from the city. O'Neil has an inter
est in property on Morton street on which
he qualified.
COMTE DE BAUVIERE SUED.
His Groom Charged With Having
Run Over a Lady Bicyclist Dur
ing a Paper Chase.
Comte de Bauviere was made the de
fendant in a suit for $299 99 yesterday.
The plaintiff is Lottie Voorsanger, aged
15. who brings the action through her
father, S. Voorsanger.
Tt is alleged in the complaint that Allen
Drysdale. while in the employ of the de
fendant as a groom, led a paper chase,
and that while so engaged ran into the
plaintiff, who was riding a bicycle, and
inflicted injuries on the plaintiff and to
her wheel to the amount prayed for.
THE STRIKE
IS EXPANDING
Printers Will Be Called Out of
the Office of Byron Ring
To- Day.
Union Men Say They Will Begin an
Aggressive Campaign at
Onoe.
The officers of the Typographical Union
now declare that they have exhausted all
their patience In waiting for the employ
ers to make some attempts at a settle
ment of the difficulties, and will begin
aggressive work at once and in such
manner as either to bring about a settle
ment of the difficulty in short order or
force somebody to the wall.
"We have been waiting for nearly two
weeks now," said President Hawkes yes
terday, "hoping to see our way clear to
settling the difficulties without being
obliged to work against some of the men
who have employed us for years and have
heretofore treated us fairly well. Things
seem no nearer a settlement than they
were two weeks ago, and we intend to
force the issue. The Typothetae are
holding daily meetings. They are all run
ning short-handed, and some of them are
practically closed down, waiting for the
old hands to come back, but making no
efforts to get them back beyond trying to
persuade some to break their faith with
the union."
The Typothetae has a similar tale to
tell, and enrich it with stories of the
eagerness of the old hands to get back.
A meeting was held yesterday afternoon,
and while it was rumored on the street
that it was a very stormy one, nothing
was given out either to the printers or
the pubic. A rumor was current to the
effect that the union had offered to com
promise on nine and a half hours and that
the Typothetae was favorably consider
ing the proposition, but it was denied by
both parties.
The executive committee of the union
held a meeting last night, and on infor
mation that the employes of Byron Ring
were assisting in getting out the work of
a non-union office, decided to call out
their men. This office has been very
closely connected with one of the ten
hour offices, and had been notified that
it should not in any way assist the non
union offices, but despite this, it is de
clared, the manager persists in com
pelling his employes to help out the
non-union offices; hence the action.
Another Electric Car Victim.
Augustus D. Price, administrator of the
estate of Margaret D. Price, who died on
the 22d ult., commenced suit yesterday to
recover $10,000 damages from the Market
Street Railway Company. He alleges that
Mrs. Price's death was due to injuries re
ceived by her on December 2, last, by be
ing struck and knocked down by an
electric car of the Third street line near
the crossing of Everett street. The claim
is made that the car was being run at
an unlawful rate of speed, and that the
motorman neglected to warn pedestrians
of its approach by sounding the gong.
Beautiful Cantata To-Night.
The beautifiil little cantata of "Golden
Hair and the Three Bears" will be pre
sented at the Stewart Memorial Church,
Guerrero street, near Twenty-second, to
night by an excellent cast of characters.
The participants have devoted consider
able time in preparing for the event and
the large chorus has been carefully
trained by a competent instructor. After
the close of the cantata refreshments
will be served in the parlors of the
church.
Suits in Foreclosure.
George A. Rankin, William Riphy and
"W. G. Zeigler commenced suit yesterday
a.painst Joseph Gutliberlet and his wife,
Mary Guthberlet, to recover $302S S9 on
three promissory notos. and to foreclose
a mortgage on a piece of property on
Stockton street near Greenwich.
Sarah H. Webster commenced suit yes
terday against Ada C. Friend to recover
$13,000 on a note executed July 22, 1892,
and to foreclose the mortgage on a piece
of property on Octavia street near Pacfic.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
8n ■ A Vf\ jffi *^ wS JA_ \ fn^^^^^fil
Cold Cure cures colds in the bead, colds on the
lungs, old colds, new colds and obstinate colds, and
sill forms of grip. : Stops sneezing, discharges from
the nose and eyes, prevents catarrh, diphtheria,
pneumonia, and all throat find lung troubles. These
pleasant little pellets are absolutely harmless, have
'aved thousands of lives and prevented much sick-
ness. . The Munyon Remedy Company prepare »
separate cure for rach . disease. At all druggists
X cents a vial. If you need medical advice write
Prof. Munron, 1505 Area Street, Philadelphia. It is
absolutely free. ; . . . ■, ; ; : vT^ , ■
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
"WRITK if you cannot call.
CONSULTATION FBKE and conndential
at office or by letter. A valuable book, '•Guide
to Health," .'free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
s ; 737 Market : Street, . San Francisco,' C&l, -
A Breakfast,
however good, is wasted on a
cold, toneless, flabby stomach.
It is unjust to blame the cook.
He can supply only food ; you
must find the power to turn it
into flesh and blood. It is the
part of wisdom to recognize the
signsof indigestion, and to stim-
ulate the lazy stomach with
Irt Duffy's recognize the
nsof indigestion, and to stim-
ite the lazy stomach with
Duffy's Pure
Ma it Whiskey,
a tonic never more valuable
than now, when the body is
tried by sudden changes of air.
It sustains the vigor of the sys-
tem and prevents rheumatism,
asthma and digestive trouble,
diseases that arise from cold
and imperfect circulation o!
the blood. The only medicinal
whiskey in the market.
Druggists and Grocers sell it.
tthe market.
9 and Grocers sell it.
POHEIM
tTHE TAILOR
The best fitting clothes and !
the best quality clothes at i
prices 20 per cent, less than
asked by any other tailoring
establishment on Pacific Coast.
PRICES BELOW;
PINT! «UIT«
TO OItDCK * TO OROn
$3-5° $10.00
Jm "»'«• lIS
mr 7.50 rom "*•'• 20 00
Js ■""-«""" %z
j"=i W\ ■ ■ 9.00 '"" 30.00 /
v 201-203 flontgomery St.
The largest tail- 844-846 Market St.
™ J£f of, 1 Puffin « "0-1 1 1 2 Market St. \
nient on Pacific ftAW r Dllu . Ic . n _
Coast. SAN FRANCISCO, CAL.
B. H. PAUL'S
NEWLY ARRIVED
COLLECTION, s
ANTIQUE, RARE AND FINE
TURKISH 0 I IPO
PERSIAN nillllJ
With his last stock, before his departure to
, :.."~ ';.: • Alaska,
WILL BE CLOSED OUT AT UNRESERVED
COMMENCING DAILY AT 2 P. M.,
At 106-10S Grant aye., between Tost and Geary.
As every rug will be sold out regardless of
cost, a IKe-time chance to buy genuine good*
at your own prices.
N. E. CLARK. Auctioneer.
LADUE-YUKON
TRANSPORTATIONCO.
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.
General Freight and Passenger Agents,
609 MARKET STREET,
Will Dispatch Their Magnificent Steamer
"MORGAN CITY"
FOR
JUNEAU,DYEA, SKAGUAY,
COPPER RIVER, COOKS
INLET and
DUTCH HARBOR
From Jackson-Street Wharf on
SATURDAY, APRIL 16th,
JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE CO.,
609 Market Street and 204 Front Street.
000000000000000000
%™? PALACE wj
ICRAND
q SAN FRANCISCO.
V[ Connected by a covered passageway. "
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attached. O
O' All Under One Management.' ©
O NOTE THE PRICES : q
n European Plan. *l. oo perdayand upward
v American Plan. S3. oo per day and upward O
O Correspondence Solicited. Q
0 JOHN C. KIRKPATKICK, Manager. q
000000000000000000
DR.MCNULTT.
nC«HIB WELL-KNOWN AND RKLIABUE OL*
A Prlvate.Nervous.Bloodand
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over
experience. Send for Book, free. Patients
cured at Home. Terms reasonable. Hoars, 9 to •
daily;fi:3o to B.3o ev'cs. Sundays, 10 to 12. Consult»-
Uon/ree and sacredly confidential. Cull or address
P. ROSCOE McN ITI/TY, M. ».,
86^s Ecarnr Street. San Franclacv. Cat
WONG WOO,
P l^ CHINESE TEA AND HERB
feP a SANITARIUM,
\&-X 776 CLAY ST., San Francisco, Oal.
i#!<^^^^«\7 All diseases cured exolusive-
/jPJb^i -IW ly by Chines herbs, over 3000
*«W!*>«.;j>W varieties beins" used. ADVICE
FREE. Hours. 0:30 to 11 a', m., 1 to 3 and 7to
9 p. m.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful j iiruu.siac and speciuu luolo
for '.he sexual and urinary organs o£ both
•exes, and a great remedy lor diseases of th«
kidneys and bladder. A great Hestorative
lnvlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its o«ro
Merits; no long-winded testimonials necessary.
... NABER. ALFS & BRUNE. Agents.
t» Market Street. S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
§ visit DR. JORDAN'S .<>*•■*
mm Museum of Anatomy
1 Ws^ \ l: " iIiSSEI ST. Ist. Stk It 1% S. T. CaL
X • W The I.»ti;»h of its kind in tin World.
Bt^S?\ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
C«msulia:!na free. TTrita for Book
v\ I Philosophy of Marriage.
MAILED FRtr.
X. HESS, -,
NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTORNEY-AT LAW^'
Tenth Floor, Room 1015, Claus Spreckals Bids.
'•■-.• Telephone Brown , 931. * :: :--
Residence. 821 California. stre«t. below PowtU.
, Ban ' FrancUca,WILL BE PUT
IN COMMISSION
The Lucero Is to Be Got
Ready for the Yacht
ing Season.
A Fleet of Steamers and Sailing
Vessels Coming Here
With Miners.
Th« Fii6h to Klondike Falling Off
and That to Kotzebuo Only
Just Beginning.
The gasoline yacht Lucero Is to go into
commission again and this season she will
be seen almost constantly on the waters
of the bay and along the coast. Of all
the many pleasure craft that have been
built for wealthy Ban Franciscans the
liiicero is the one that has done least for
her owner's enjoyment. It is not the
fault of the launch, however, as a faster
or better vessel of her class does not float,
She is a splendid sea boat and can make
her fourteen knots with the best of them
when called upon. Charles 1,. Fair, her
owner, is not very fond of the sea, but
Colonel George A. Knight. Mr. Fair's at
torney, is. and when the Lucero goes into
commission she will fly Mr. Knight's, flag.
The. Lucero waa built three years ago
and in thai time Mr. Fair has not had her
In commission three mdhtha. She made
two or three tri;>s to Santa Cruz and
>1. ■■■•.-. . but on each occasion the crow
took the vessel down and Mr. Fair and
his v overland and Joined her
there. Her hull was built at Puget Sound
and I i by the Union Gas Engine
Without the knowledge
of tlii' engineers a larger wheel than the
one s>-ni up was put "ii and in conse
e her irial trip was not a success.
wheel that was originally made for
her was then put on and the vessel worked
to perfection.
An engineer was sent from San Fran
cisco to bring her down, but he got so
very seasick that he could not attend to
<"rk, and in consequence the engine
bearings got hot and melted away all the
babbitt metal. The l^ucero was taken
Into Astoria, where the damage was re-
I and an engineer who was not sub
ject to nial-de-mer brought her here in
steamboat time. She is a four-cylinder
vessel, or rather has four engines, each
. | which ran be worked independently
or a.. r. Ever since those mis
haps everything has gone like clockwork,
iii.v Colonel Knight's friends are figuring
on s.'inti very pleasant excursions thiss
season.
The Lucero is at present in Oakland
Creek, but she is now being i
and will shortly gu over lo
Mr. Knight's launch At I • ;.•
ceiving an overhauling in Oakland Cwck
and sue will be used as a tender to the
Lucero as soon as the latter toes into
commission.
Nearly thirty vessels are on their way
from the Bast for the gold fields, and of
that numbt-r twenty are coming, first of
• • Ban Francisco. The brig Harriett
»: is now out 141 days from New fork,
.' ...s last heard from on December 23
titude & north, longitude 2>> west. The
I'.-.rk Agate is out 58 days and the schoon
< r ActAea 47 days from New York. The
.-r City of Columbia, out 119 days
New York, has met with several
mishaps during her voyage and only left
Valparaiso on the 4th lnst.
From Baltimore the steamers Elihu
Thompson Is out 60 days, the Roanoke
44 days and the Leelenan 43 days, while
from Boston the schooners Stowell Sher
man 1b out 143 days, Abbie F. Morris 141
days, Julia E. Whalen 120 days. Rue L.
Richardson 64 days and Mildred X 36 days.
The Sherman left Santos, Brazil, on Feb
ruary 4, the Morris left Bermuda on De
cember 20 and the Whalen waa at Monte
video on January 31.
The schooner Frank A. Rackliffe is 110
days out from I . .r. Mass.; the
Fteamer «. rof essor Morse 37 days from
New Orleans; the schooner Concord 125
days from Portsmouth, N. H.; and the
schooner Thomas F. Bayard 83 days
steamers Ohio 38 days. Lauranda V, days
and Pennsylvania 0 days from Philadel
phia. Of these, i-ie only one spoken is
the Concord, and Bhe w.is at Montevideo
on January 28 last. Nearly all of them
have partli I hunters aboard and
all of them will outfit
While the rush to the Klondike Is wan
ing, that to X md is gaining
strength daily. The steamer Australia
withdrawn from the Dyoa
and the Queen and Vie
■ are soon to follow suit The tram
ways ■ Chllkoot and White passes
almost idle as. there is little or no
He. On the other hand
ol tii'- wealthiest mining men in
bue. Yes-
D. Lane, one of the owners of
the l Uca mine at Angels Camp, and his
son, Louis Lane, ami S. if. Howland took
A. Falkinburg. They
will take some miners along with them
are In bop< a ol reaching the mother
i supplies both the Yukon and
Kubuck with their golden sands. Captain
King of the famous Apollo mine on Unga
island is also «oin 0 - to Kotzebue, and he
Will take a party of four men. A party of
.all of whom made
fortunes in placer mines, have taken
ge in the Catherine Sudden. They
bey are going north more for the
hunting than anything else, but the
chances are that :i,i all of them
■ at work on the bank of some creek
■n as their destination is reached
The bteamers of the Oregon Railway
and Navigation Company will not dock
at Spear-street wharf again until that
firw ture has been repaired. The Oregon
which is due to-aay, will go to Folsom
street wharf, and the other steamers of
the fleet wvll also . there for the pres-
The ferr., -boat Sausalito's steering gear
broke down on the 1 p. m. trip yesterday
and the steamer was fifteen minutes late
in reaching her slip. The repairs were
soon made, and tne Sausallto went out
on schedule time.
The launch Yale, which came out from
New York on the dock of the steamer
Morgan City, sank at her moorings in
the Folsom-street slip yesterday. All her
Beams had been opened by the sun, and
when she was put in the water she began
to leak. No a^ ntion was paid to that
fact, and the Yale went down in conse
quence. She was raised by means of a
derrick, and the steamer Alert pumped
her out. fehe will be taken to Belvedere
and put on the ways to-day.
The Pacific Mall Company has put the
steamer Aztec on the run to Hong Kong
and she will go out with almost a full
cargo of flour. Captain Trask, formerly
of the city of Peking, will take out cue !
Aztec, and Captain Zeeder, formerly of •
the Aztec, will take out the City of Para !
vice Captain Brown, who is sick.
The ship Indiana and barks Nicholas
Thayer and Merom all got away for the
canneries yesterday. The Thayer took
her crew in the stream, but the others
went away from the wharf and had no
trouble with either the union or the men
DIRECTORS AND STOCKHOLDERS
The Central Pacific and Market-
Street Railway Companies Each
Hold a Meeting.
The board of directors of the Central
Pacific Railroad met yesterday and
elected the following officers to serve for
the ensuing year: President, Isaac L.
Requa; vice-president, William H. Mills;
second vice-president, J. C. Kirkpatrick'
third vice-president, Charles P. Eells;
secretary and controller, William M*.
Thompson; assistant secretary, in New
York, Charles Babbidge; treasurer, Will
lam H. Mills; assistant treasurer, in New
J York, Frank H. Davis; transfer agent,
George Watkins, New York.
It will be seen that some slight changes
have taken place. William 11. Mills, who
was formerly second vice-president, has
been made vice-president to fill the place
which has been left vacant ever since last
July, when C. P. Huntinfftoa resigned
THE GASOLINE YACHT LUCERO.
Charles L. Fair's handsome boat is at last to go into commission again. She has been in perfect order
for over throe years and during that time she has only been in use about three months. Her owner is not very
fond of the pea, but George A. Knight, his friend and attorney, is, and when the Lucero goes into commission
she will fly Mr. Knights flag. She is a splendid sea boat, has first-class accommodation for a dozen people
and can make her fourteen knots an hour, bo Colonel Knight's friends are anticipating some pleasant cruises
this season.
from that office. J. C. Kirkpatrick has
been made second vice-president to take
Mills' old place; Charles P. Eells has
been made third vice-president in the
place of I. E. Gates of New York, who
until the recent election was both an
officer and director of the company, but
who, in order that a quorum might be
had on the Pacific ('oast, was relieved
from his directorship at the stockhold
ers' meeting on Tuesday, and the t i l l *=• of
William M. Thompson has been changed
from "secretary and auditor" to "secre
tary and controller." "With these excep
tions the new officers are the same as
til-- old.
The stockholders of the Market-street
Railway Company held a meeting yes
terday to elect a board of directors with
the following result: H. E. Huntingdon,
Charles Holbrook, A. Hay ward. Charles
<;. T.nthrop, 1. \\\ Hellman. George Crock
er. F. S. Douty, N. T. Smith, J. L. Will
cutt.
This makes the new board of the same
composition as the old with one excep
tion. George Crocker was elected to fill
the place ol 11. T. Scott, who resigned
for business reasons which had been
talked over and mutually agreed on. Mr.
Scott's resignation* is not accompanied
by any unpleasantness, but is merely
from the fact thai he has so much other
business to attend to that he has not the
requisite time to devote to the duties of
a director.
The number of shares voted at the
meeting was 152,287. The new board of
directors will meet to-day and elect offi-
It Is though i that they will make
no changes but will Bimply re-elect the
present staff to m»rve for another year.
More Grist for the Divorce Mill.
Thfl following new suits for divorce were
filed yesterday in the County Clerk's of
fice: Susie M. Lewiston from Thomas E.
Lewiston, failure to provide; Esther May
Rebstock from Eugene E. Rebstock,
cruelty; Anna Marie Kelegmann from
William Kelegmann, cruelty; Clifton P.
Richardson from Clara E. Richardson, de
sertion; Delia C. Wilkes from Alpha John
Wilkes, failure to provide.
Sophie M. Seppich has been granted a
divorce from William "G. Seppich on the
ground of adultery. The custody of a
minor child was awarded the mother.
«^ _
Lafayette Square.
In a communication to the Board of
Supervisors, City Attorne.y Creswell in
forms that body that all litigation in ref
erence to the city's title to Lafayette
square has hern ended by the recent de
cision of the Supreme Court of the United
States, which remanded the case to the
California Supreme Court, on the ground
that the Federal court had no jurisdiction
in the matter. This leaves the title with
the city.
WILL CLIMB UPON SHARPENED SWORDS.
Another San Francisco girl will climb the perilous path that leads to the
heights of fame upon a ladder of burnished and sharpened swords. La Belle,
the peerless change artist and equilibrist, after an absence of two years from
the vaudeville stage, is about to return to the boards in an act of mar
velous sword walking, that was originated and performed many years ago by
the wife of King Sabro, the great Japanese juggler.
La Belle is better known to her many friends here as the wife of P. J. But
ler, who for several years past has faithfully served the interests of the Or
pheum, with which house he has been connected. She was one of the famous
Kirbys, and her last appearance here was in a high-wire bicycle act. After her
marriage she retired from the stage, but some time ago made up her mind to
return to it, and with the assistance of her husband, who is identified with her
in the new act, they have originated something new and wonderful. The team
will be known as La Belle and Zero, and they will appear in the Orpheum cir
cuit about the middle of June.
For the past two years they have been quietly rehearsing their act at Wood
ward's Pavilion, and have brought it to a high degree of perfection. It consibts
of feats in equilibrium, burlesque acrobatics and comedy juggling. La Belle is
a dark brunette of very slight build, but of wonderful strength, and in one part
of the act she holds her husband above with uplifted arms.
The sword walking is the most marvelous portion of the turn that the young
woman does. Up a ladder of swords that have been sharpened until their edges
are like those of razors she climbs by balancing herself until she has reached
the top. To accomplish tne act she has been forced to submit her feet to a
method of treatment to so soften the flesh and at the same time toughen tne
skin that when she places her foot upon one of the swords the flesh will gently
give beneath the weight of her body and sink to the bone without cutting the
skin. So sharp are the swords that she has to maintain a perfect state of equi
librium or else run the chance of cutting open the entire bottom of her foot.
She also hangs by her toes from a crossbar and disrobes. The couple have
many friends, who will await their appearance here with much pleasant antici
pation, and whose best wishes for success go with them in their venture.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
A RAY OF LIGHT
IN THE SHADOW
Pleasures of Show Night
at the County Alms
house.
The Little Chapel Crowded With
an Enthusiastic Audi
ence.
Circus Performances Will B« Given
on the Grounds Monday
Afternoon.
Out at the Almshouse road, in the
dimly lighted chapel, last night wa? a
scene of human character and a study
in human nature which, if it could but
be thrown on canvas, would produce a
picture alike in interest to the moral
ist, philosopher and the man of or
dinary intPlligpncp. The long-looked-for
event of the month among the 900 in
mat ps of the institution had returned,
and with it the usual enthusiasm and
enjoyment whlrh comes as a ray of
sunshine in the arid desert of misery
in which the unfortunate beings live,
isolated and renouncing: every sense
and manifestation of pride in the ac
ceptance of the aid which comes from
public charity.
The monthly entertainment, given by
philanthropical charitable talent from
the different parts of the city to cheer
the old folk and make the burden of
life seem less hard for at least an hour
or so, comes like the beacon to a dis
tressed ship, the sight of water to a
traveler on the great desert. All are
anxious and look forward to show night
with eager expectation, but only a
fraction of the entire number of in
mates are allowed to be present. As the
chapel is hardly large enough to ac
commodate 300 persons the rest are
compelled to dream again for another
month.
The prevailing feature of the per
formance seems to center In the at
tractions afforded by that human joke
called the song and dance man; other
attractlons, such as recitations and
songs, unless they possess a tinge of
comicality, being relegated to second
place. Th» amusement lasts about an
hour, or at most two hours, and pro
duces the effect upon the old people of
the keenest enjoyment.
The feelings of the older inmates,
whose natures seem dead to all exter
nal impression, become so worked upon
by the antics at some performer that
self and surroundings seem to be en
tirely forgotten, and life seems, for the
moment, to hang to the limbs and
grimaces of the fun-maker. An un
usual joke, a comical skit, a funny
song provokes the wildest enthusiasm
and most deafening applause from the
audience.
Quite frequently it happens that some
old fellows In the corner will see some
thing funny in a certain twist, of the
performer and the little chapel echoes
with a sudden burst of laughter which
spreads contagion among the rest of th'-
audience and in a moment the entire
three hundred inmates are laughing at
nothing.
The performance last evening ras
given under the auspices of the Rev.
William H. Tubbs. It proved to be un
usually attractive and interesting.
One of the greatest events in the his
tory of the institution will take place
next Monday afternoon when Jolly, the
huge elephant from the Chutes me
nagerie, and a number of performing
monkeys and bears will give an exhi
bition on the Almshouse grounds for
the amusement of the inmates.
OLD BELLA UNION
TO BE REOPENED
The Historic Vaudeville Theater
to Take a Fresh
Start.
Carpenters and Refitters Will Have
It Ready in About a
Month.
After a long siege of idleness, during
which rust and general decay have
reigned, the notorious old Bella Union is
about to be reopened. The contractors
decline to say who the new proprietors
are.
A score of carpenters and refltters
were busy on the old place yesterday,
and It Is announced that the resort will
be opened about the middle of next
mont,h as a first-class song and dance
house, with refreshments to suit the
most fastidious tastes. Many fortunes
have been made and lost in the place.
A bit of history not generally known
has just come to light concerning the old
house. It is the fact that there was for
a long time a strong effort to turn the
theater Into a Cmnese resort. Little
Pete negotiated with Ned Foster for its
purchase shortly before Foster sold to
the brewery syndicate. The sale would
have been consummated but for the fact
that the theater and all the property in
the block are owned by the Alfred Borel
banking house. Other tenants refused
to pay their rent if the house was trans
formed into a Chinese theater, so all ef
forts to that end were suspended. For
some weeks the boycott raged quite
fiercely, and the bank gave up all idea
of allowing a deal to be made.
Ed Harrigan. the well known Veda sis
ters, Lotta, Sam Rickey and many other
well known actors got their start at this
famous old vaudeville theater. j
Alice Loy's Betrayer on Trial.
George S. Dugan, a prominent member
of the Army of Jesus Christ, who is ac
cused of having terribly ill-treated Alice
Loy, an S-year-old eirl, was placed on
trial yesterday before a jury In Judge
Wallace's court. The testimony was of
such a revolting character that Judge
Wallace, on motion of counsel engaged
in the case, ordereu all spectators from
the courtroom.
The unfortunate child told her pitiable
story In a manner which carried with it
the conviction of truth.
The trial will be resumed next Monday.
Money for the Orphans.
The Maria Kip Orphanage has come
into possession of $7707, as its share of the
$50,000 left by Senator Fair to the Protest
ant orphan asylums of San Francisco.
The managers of the orphanage are very
grateful to the heirs and their attorneys.
Bishop & Wheeler, Wilson & Wilson,
Lloyd & Wood and Knight & Heggerty
for their kindness in consenting to dis
tribution of the fund, notwithstanding
their contest of the will. This consent
was generously and unhesitatingly given
by the attorneys for the heirs as soon as
suggested to them by Mr. Rixford, at
torney for the orphanage.
To Cure a Cold in One Day
Take Laxative Bromo Quinine Tablet*. AH drug
glsta refund the money if it fails to cure 250.
The s«nuln« baa I*. B. Q. on each tablet..
HAPPENINGS ON
THE DIAMONDS
Henry Krug in Danger of
Being Placed on the
Blacklist.
Cited to Show Cause for Jump
ing His Contract With
San Francisco.
All the Teams of Both Leagues Get
ting Down to Hard Work.
Stockton a Surprise.
The Fresno Tigers are a likely lot of
players and when they get up to their
speed will make matters Interesting for
the other teams.
What a game that was at Stockton last
Sunday. There will be a great crowd at
Recreation Park a week from Sunday to
see the Colts and Stocktons come to
gether for the second time.
Tawney, Fresno's new twirler from Dcs
Moines, will make the heavy stickera
tired as soon as his arm thaws out.
Fresno has a good man In Courtney. He
covers short like a National Leaguer and
is a terrific batter.
The Pacific Northwest League has re
organized with Spokane, Seattle, Tacoma
and Portland as members. The league
is said to be In. sound financial condition
and first-class players are wanted at
good salaries.
Charlie Selno is back on his old corner
with Stockton, and is hitting like a
demon.
Nick Smith, whose work at third with
the old Pioneers made him a general
favorite, is covering second for Stockton
in magnificent style.
The San Jose Florists have been unfor
tunate in having to play all their games
away from home so far this season. Be
sides, Manager McGlynn has been de
layed in getting his new grounds, and the
men have not had a chance to practice
regularly.
Work will begin, however, on the
grounds Monday, and they will be ready
for the opening game on May 1. The
grounds are located on First street, not
ten minutes' ride from Santa Clara, and
all the street car lines pass the entrance.
The grounds will be equal to any in the
league.
Tne name of the Olympics of the Pa
cific States League has been changed to
the Athletics.
Oakland and the two local teams of the
P.i< ilic States League will have to do con
siderable bracing to keep in sight of the
country teams. As constituted as present
the Gilt Edges and Beachcombers are al
together too fast for the others.
Iberg is undecided whether to cast his
fortunes with the Pacific or California
League.
Harvey, the Brewers' south-winged
twlrler, was too strong for the Oaklands
last Sunday at Central Park, and the visi
tors won as they pleased.
Roekinfield has been notified by the
Sacramento club that unless he reports
for duty this week he will be blacklisted.
Billy Rice, a promising Sacramento out
fielder, has been signed by Stockton.
Sykes made the first home run on the
new diamond at Oak Park. Sacramento,
last Sunday. Caverly also hit for a homer
in the same game.
Hoagland had a finger severely Injured
last Sunday at Sacramento.
The opening game of the California
League at Sacramento was a decided suc
cess. There was a very large crowd
present, who were more than pleased with
the game.
Arneson and Marshal, two infielders.
have been signed by Manager Newbert
for his Sacramento team. They hail from
Spokane, Wash., and are said to be crack
ajacks.
Arneson and Marshal, Sacramento's
new infielders, are both left-handed stick
ers and good coachers.
Caverly is one of the heaviest batters
In the California League.
Ridley is reported to have a lame arm.
Newbert made his first error of the sea
son Sunday. Billy has accepted twenty
out of twenty-one chances at. third.
Sacramento has the baseball fever se
verely. Groups are found on every cor
ner discussing the morits of the two
clubs, while the Sacramento papers are
devoting considerable space to baseball.
All school children will be admitted free
to the Oakland-Sacramento game to
morrow at Sacramento.
Hennessey, at the helm, is missed by
the Brewers.
Shanahan plays a good first base for
the Gilt Edges.
Stanley is a great favorite with the
bleachers at Sacramento.
Sullivan and Stanley are two of the
best catchers in the State, and both are
at present located at Sacramento.
Newbert has four brothers, all leading
players in amateur ranks in Sacramento.
One of them is said to be a promising
twirler.
The Gilt Edges are hard losers.
The Sacramento Giants have purchased
a handsome blanket for their bulldoe
Pilot.
Two home runs, four triples and eight
two-baggers were scored in the Sacra
mento-San Jose game last Sunday.
Reitz and McHale expect to start East
shortly. They belong to the Washington
National League ' team. .
The Sacramentos are reported to have
landed a new Etcher during the week
At a recent meeting of the National
League the umpires were empowered to
remove from the grounds any ball-player
breaking any of the rules, and also have
authority to cause his suspension from
the game. during the entire/season until
he has been reinstated by higher authori
ties. '?>,
Charles E. Wiggin, secretary of the ; Cali
fornia League, has written a letter of in
structions to the scorers in the different
towns of the league. He has also notified
the presidents of the different clubs to
ADVERTISEMENTS. '.1
nfHIJT Let WHISKY get the BEST
1 8 IV 1 of you, GETthe BEST of
LJUII ■ WHISKY, which is the
sgs^ GENUINE
Bgß| \ DISTILLERY
TV B&srM I BOTTLING OP
i>M OLD
M PEPPER
(B///&WHEN 80Tn.rf\ TOT -:..,,.. 
Ejjm^T^TFffjll ■ M Bottled and Distiiied
Y*&g2£&XZ5S& i ' ' f TAQ V PEPPER
|C- §11? j 1 Lexington, Ky.
£<>-J9!Uti£SF—--"' I '-' nc ' » th » »ame FOR-
' J Tr.^i' "I MULA for more than 100
.^"~ iWwi»»w6 -•'•'*. YEARS; is guaranteed
v * ABSOLUTELY the
P JSaSHriM ' PUREST and BEST in
WiW^^y^^l OlllDl C PIOC CIC
■flu r XINQ " roN *_!_-, Jl I oftmrLL UAol $13
?*"2^^E^^J2iidU*** Sent on trial, which, if
| a^l not satisfactory, can be
. " M **llI I >IHBPW» I^_ returned and money will :
be refunded.
CARROLL &~ CARROLL,
306 Market Street,
; V^;;¥,s Sol* AgenU for th» Pacific Coast ~,\,,y r .. ■. ;:
WILL CASH PEPPER COUPONS.
forward 2% per cent of tho gross receipts
for the championship purse to him at
once.
The president of the California League
has notified the management of the dif
ferent cluus that they must have at least
three dozen b^u. In- league balls on their
grounds two hours before each game.
A direct wire is being run to the ball
gTounds in the muerent cities of the
California League, and reports by innings
will be exhibited at the games of this
week.
The Oakland Colts are putting up as fine
an exhibition of baseball as ever seen on
this coast since the old league disbanded.
Manager Cal Ewing of the Oakland
Colts has just completed arrangements
for a piece of land in the center of the
city of Oakland for the new ball grounds.
The new grounds at San Jose will be
commenced within the next week, and
completed in time for the opening game
on May 1.
President H. H. McPike of the Cali
fornia League has appointed W. F. Long
to fill the vacancy on the staff of umpires j
caused by the departure of Jim McDonald I
to fill his engagement with the National i
League.
The San Francisco California League i
Club has been ordered by Manager Bun
ker to appear on the grounds for prac
tice three times a week. Mr. Bunker
does not feel satisfied with being in first
place. He has an ambition to distance I
the other clubs before the first month [
of the season is over.
J. Cal Ewing of Oakland thinks that
Mr. Bunker is too ambitious. Ewing
claims that his colts will set the pace for
all others before another ten days have
passed.
The Stockton Club will no doubt be a.
stumbling uiock for the would-be cham
pions.
The game to be played at Recreation
Park next Sunday will clearly demon
strate the strength of McGlynn's San
Jose Florists. There is some new, fast
talent among them, and they promise to !
ii^r '% :^ ar * j — ~-'~^^'~ r^~" — ifcsc — ....^.. — "^~ : " «ra~ :::r: r :x r!__3L
BARTLETT
SPRINGS.
Pp»nd your mimmer outing there and drink
from the famous
HEALTH - RESTORING SPRING.
Large Swimming Tank, Mineral. Tub, Vapor
and Roman Baths. Competent Masseurs.
RESIDENT PHYSICIAN. ADVICE FREE.
Many improvements. New cottages. Bowling
alleys rebuilt. Bath house enlarged.
Only Resort Keeping Paid Orchestra.
Dancing, Tennis, Bowling, Billiards, Croquet.
Handball. Shuffleboard, Livery and Burros for
the children.
RATES— HoteI and hotel cottages. $10 to $15
per week; housekeeping cottages. $3 to $7 per
week.
Call or addret-s
RARTT.ETT SPRINGS CO..
22 Fourth St., San Francisco, or
BARTLETT SPRINGS. Lake County, Cal.
Pamphlets mailed free.
SEIGLER SPRINGS,
LAKE COUNTY.
This delightful watering place Is located In
the midst of the Coast Range.
Abundance of mineral springs, hot and cold
plunge baths, large swimming tank of mineral
water, fine stone dining room; telephone con-
nections, electric lights, livery accommodation;
good trout fishing and hunting. Round trip
tickets at Southern Pacific offices $10
JOHN SPAULDING. Proprietor.
J. WALLACE SPAULDING, Manager.
NEW CARLSBAD MINERAL SPRINGS.
LAKE COUNTY.
The greatest health-giving water in America.
Specific for all stomach. liver, kidney and
bladder troubles. New hotel. Terms, $8 to $10
per week. For particulars address W. R. Mc-
GOVERN, Kelseyville, Lake County.
HARBIN HOT SULPHUR SPRINGS.
Most wonderful waters; all kinds of skin
diseases cured in marvelously short time; kid-
ney, liver and stomach troubles immediately
relieved; rates $10 to $18 per week. Long-dis-
tance telephone. Address J. A. HAVES, Pro-
prietor, Lake County.
DUNCAN SPRINGS.
Two miles from Hopland; unequaied soda
and magnesia springs; hot and cold mineral
baths; furnished cottages; terms $10 to $12 per
week. Telephone. O. HOWELL, Proprietor,
Hopland, Cal.
HOTEL LARKSPUR.
NOW OPEN. . NEW MANAGEMENT. I
Salt water bathing and boating. Fine drives.'
HOPKINS & CO., Proprietors,
Larkspur, Marin County, Cal.
I am acquainted with the case of the wife of a house palmer In
Brooklyn, who had the grip, and was confined to the house for three
months. She was in a listless state and suffered terribly with nausea,
. "■■ It so happened that a friend had given some Ripans Tabules to this
lady's sister who had suffered from indigestion, and as they did her so
much good she thought she would try them on Mrs. Hill, feeling sure
- that if they did her no good they would at least do no harm. The
" patient was then in the hands of her physician, but soon she was so
much better that her neighbors noticed the change and asked about
it. She then said that she had ; changed her doctor, and laughingly
i added," my new doctor is colored — color. It seems that as
soon as she began to take the Tabules, she began ■to mend. The
nausea disappeared and she began to feel that the fofcas« still had
*Jays of goosfciae ia sfcwc for bee,
give Bunker's men something to thlnH
about Sunday night.
The following self-explanatory letter
will, if carried out, put a stop to Henry
Krug's aspirations to become a National
Leaguer. Krug has been favorably con
sidered by several managers in the big
league, but the black list will forever bar
him from playing in the East. It will b«
remembered thai Krug opened the sea
son with Bunker's team, but jumped to
the Pacific States League the following
week:
SAX FRANCISCO, CaJ.. April :2. 1898.
Mr. McPike, President California i^eague —
Dear Sir: I have the signature of Henry Kruc
to one of our National League contracts, and
he ha 3 without his release or my permission
left the San Francisco League Club, of whioh
I am manager, to play in an outlaw league.
So I call on you as president of the California
League to make him fulfill his contract with
me or show cause (or leaving said San Fran
cisco League Club. Tours respectfully,
GEORGE P. P.T'NKER,
Manager of San Francisco League Club.
SAN FRANCISCO, Cal., April 13, IS9R.
Mr. Henry Krug— Dear Sir: You are hereby
notified that the San Francisco League Club
lias made a complaint to the California Base
ball League churcing that you have violated
the terms of a certain contract made by you
with said club for playing baseball during the
season of 18M The charges will be heard at
my office, room 4. 211 Sansome street, Saa
Francisco, on Tuesday, the l.th <lay of April,
1898, at the hour of 11 o'clock a. m. of said
day; and you are hereby required to appear a/
said time and place and show cause, if any yoi^,
have, why this league should not notify N. E.
Young, president of the National Lpague, that
you have beon suspended as provided in arti
cles 23 and 24 of the National Agreement of
Professional Baseball Associations
H. H. McPIKE.
President Cal. B. B. League.
A one-legged man, 33 years old, pur
poses starting on the 15th inst from
Topeka, where he is now in a hospi
tal, to walK to his home in Cambria
County, Pa.
01/ A OP O lIOT SPRINGS, Sonoma Co.
■MvuliiiX Only 4% hours from S. F. and
VllflVUV but 9 miles' staging; waters
noted for medicinal virtues; best natural bath
in State; swimming and boating; grand moun-
tain senary; excellent climate; rood trout
streams at door; photographers' room; tele-
phone, telegraph, daily mall; FIRST-CLASS
SERVICE; morning and afternoon stages;
round trip from S. F. only $5 50; take Tiburon
ferry at 7:30 a. m. or 3:30 p. m. Terms, $2 a
day or $12 a week. Reference, any guest of the
past three years. J. F. MULGREW, Prop.
; s.
On Howell Mountain; elevation 1750 feet;
swimming tank 100x40; temperature of water
78 degrees; climate unsurpassed; chalybeate
and other springs; tennis, croquet, riding;
driving; $10 to $12 per week; two trains dally;
four hours from city. Telephone.
E. ANGWIN, Angwin. Napa County, Cal.
HOTEL BENVENUE.
Situated on the shore of Clear Lake; fine
large grounds: special facilities for families
and children; home cooking; boating, bathing,
fishing; rates reasonable Address FRANK
SCALES and A. M. SCALES.
SODA BAY RESORT.
Most delightful spot in Lake County; hunt-
ing, fishing, boating, swimming; table sup-
plied with best market affords. Address HEATH
& BURLIXGAME, Proprietors, Soda Bay,
Kelseyville, Lake County. Cal.
TAMALPAIS VILLA.
Tamalpals Station, Ross Valley, near San Ra-
fael. Cottages and tents, with oh without
board. Dancing pavilion. Salt water bathing:.
MRS. PETER SMITH. Proprietress.
JOHANNISBERG.
Famous mountain health and pleasure resort.
Elevation 1200 feet. Relief for asthmatics.
Fishing, boating, hunting and swimming.
Terms, $7 to $10. Send for circular to
JOHANNISBERG RESORT, Napa, Cal.
TUSCAN _SPRINGS.
This group of springs has attained a national
reputation for the curative powers of Its min-
eral waters, in a wider range of human dis-
eases than that of any known Mineral Springs
in this or any other country.
SUMMER HOME FARM.
Santa Cruz Mountains, first-class family re-
sort; cottages, tents, hunting and fishing; ar-
tificial lake for boating and swimming: long
distance telephone; campers* return tickets
$2 50. Send for circular to J. H. HAESTERS
Glenwood, Cal.
LAUREL DELL LAKE.
Increased facilities for comfort and pleasure;
new dining room, 130 ft. lake frontage; new
stable and livery; boating and bathing free:
terms, $8 to $14 per week: route S. F. & N. P.
Railway: round trip, $9 50. Address H. WAM-
BOLD, Prop., Bertha P. 0.. Lake County. Cal.
LONG WOOD ~~~~*
FRUIT FARM. AN IDEAL OUTING PLACE.
City references. Send for illustrated pam-
phlet. Address G. M. SHOULTS & SON.
Napa. Cal.
1112
CHARTER
FOR THE
CITY AND COUNTRY
OF
SAN FRANCISCO
PREPARED AND PROPOSED BY THE
BOARD OF FREEHOLDERS,
fleeted December 27, 1897, in pursuance of the Provisions of
Section 8, flrtlcle XI, of tbe Constitution of the
State of California.
CONTENTS.
ARTICLE I-BOUNDARIES. RIGHTS
AND LIABILITIES.
ARTICLE II— LEGISLATIVE DEPAI.:
MENT.
Chapter The Board of Supervisors.
Chapter ll— Powers of the Supervisors.
Chapter lll— Contracts.
ARTICLE HI-FINANCE AND TAXA
TION.
Chapter I— Levying of Taxes.
Chapter ll— The Several Funds.
Chapter lll— The Custody of. Public
Moneys.
Chapter IV— Payment of Claims.
ARTICLE IV— EXECUTIVE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter Mayor.
Chapter Auditor.
Chapter lll— Treasurer.
Chapter IV — Assessor. V
Chapter V— Tax Collector,
Chapter Vl— Coroner.
Chapter Recorder.
ARTICLE V— LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Superior Court Judges.
Chapter City Attorney.
Chapter lll— District Attorney.
Chapter IV— Public Administrator.
Chapter County Clerk. '
Chapter Vl— Sheriff.
Chapter Vll— Justices' Court.
Chapter Vlll— Police Court.
Chapter IX— San Francisco Law Library.
ARTICLE VI-DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC WORKS.
errS PP t er £rr B oard of Public Works.
Chapter 11-Improvement of Streets.
££apter 111-Opening of Streets.
Chapter IV-Sewers and Drainage.
Chapter V-Harbors and Wharves!
ARTICLE VII - PUBLIC SCHOOLS
AND LIBRARIES.
cSi r^c a h r d ors fl:ducation -
Education PP ° Wer3 of th ° Board of
Chapter IV-Superintendent of Schools.
ARTICLE I.
Boundaries, Rights and Liabilities.
SECTION 1. The municipal corpora
tion known as the City and County of
San Francisco shall remain and con
tinue a body politic and corporate, in
name and in fact, by the name of the
City and County of San Francisco, and
Dy that name shall have perpetual suc
cession; may sue and defend in all
courts and places and In all matters
and proceedings; may have anl use a
common seal and alter the same at
pleasure; may purchase, receive, hold
and enjoy real md personal property;
receive bequests, gifts and donations of
all kinds of property, in fee simple, or
In trust for charitable and other pur
poses, and do all acts necessary to
carry out tho purposes of t.uch gifts,
bequpsts and donations, Aith power to
manage, sell, lease or otherwise dispose
of the same in accordance with the
terms of the gift, bequest or trust.
Bee. 2. The boundaries of the City
and County of Can Francisco are here
by declared to be those set forth in
Section Thirty-nine Hundred and Fifty
of the Political Code >if California-
Sec. 3. The City and County of San
Francisco shall continue, under this
Charter, to have, hold and enjoy all
propt-rty, rights of property, rights of
action of every nature and description
of the existing municipality and is
hereby declared to be the successor of
the same.
Sec. 4. Suits, actions and proceedings
may be brought in the name of the City
and County for the recover; of any
property, money or thinr belong
ing thereto, in law or equit;-, or dedi
cated to public use therein, or for the
enforcement of any rights cf, or con
tracts with, the City and County,
whether made or arising or accruing
before or after the adoption of this
Charter. All existing suits, actions and
proceedings in the courts or elsewhere,
to which the City and County is a party.
Fhall continue to be carried on by or
against the City and County.
Sec. 5. No recoursi shall be had
against the City and County for dam
age or loss to person or property suf
fered or sustained by reason of the de
fective condition of any sidewalk
street, avenue, lane, alley, court or
placf. or by reason of the defective
condition of any sewer, or by reason of
any defective drainage, whether any of
said defects originally existed, or
whether they were occasioned by con
struction, excavation or embankment,
nor shall there be any recourse against
the City and County for want of re
pair of any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lane, alley, court or place or by want
cf rppair of any sewer; ror shall there
be any recourse against the City and
County for damage to person or prop
erty suffered or sustained by reason of
accident on any sidewalk, street, avenue,
lanp, alley, court or place, or by falling
from any embankment thereon or into
any excavation therein; but in anysuch
case the person or persons on whom
the law may have Imposed the obli
gation to repair such defect in the
sidewalk, street or public highway, or
In the sewer, and also the officer or
officers through whose official negli
gence such defect remains unrepaired
shall be Jointly and severally liable to
the party Injured for the damage sus
tained.
ARTICLE 11.
LEGISLATIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Supervisors.
SECTION 1. The legislative power
of the City and County of San Francis
co Bhall be vested in a legislative body.
Which shall be designated the Board of
ARTICLE VH-Contlnued.
Chapter V— School Tax Levy.
Chapter Vl— Schoolhouaes and Lots.
Chapter Vll— Public Library and Read
ing-rooms.
ARTICLE VIII - POLICE DEPART
MENT.
Chapter I— Organization.
Chapter ll— Police Commissioners.
Chapter lll— Powers of the Board.
Chapter IV— Chief of Police.
Chapter V— Subordinate Officers.
Chapter Vl— Police Officers.
Chapter Vll— Promotions, Suspensions
and Dismissals.
Chapter Vlll— Unclaimed and Stolen
Property.
Chapter IX— Present Police Force.
Chapter X— Police Relief and Pension
Fund.
ARTICLE IK-FIRE DEPARTMENT.
Chapter I— Organization and Powers.
Chapter ll— Duties of Commissioners.
Chapter lll— The Chier Engineer.
Chapter IV — Fire Companies.
Chapter V— Fire Marshal.
Chapter Vl— Fire Wardens.
Chapter Vll— Firemen's Relief Fund.
Chapter Vlll— Salaries.
Chapter IX— Department of Electricity.
ARTICLE X— DEPARTMENT OF PUB
LIC HEALTH.
ARTICLE XI — DEPARTMENT OF
ELECTIONS.
Chapter I— Board of Election Commis
sioners.
Chapter ll— Municipal Elections.
ARTICLE XII— ACQUISITION OF PUB
LIC UTILITIES.
ARTICLE XIII-CIML SERVICE.
ARTICLE XIV— PARK COMMISSION
ERS.
ARTICLE XV— BONDS OF OFFICIALS.
ARTICLE XVI— MISCELLANEOUS.
SCHEDULE.
Supervisors. Such body Is also desig
nated in" this Charter, the Fupervisors.
tiec. 2. The Board of Supervisors
shall consist of eighteen members, all
of whom shall hold office for two years,
and shall be elected from the City and
County at large. Ea:h one must be at
the time of his election an elector of
the City and County, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding his election. Each Supervis
or shall receive an annual salary of
twelv > hundred doll- -s.
Every person who has served as
Mayor of the City and County, so long
as he remains a resident thereof, shall
be entitled to a seat in the Board of
Supervisors and to participate in its
debates, but shall not be entitled to a
vote nor to any compensation.
Sec. 3. A majority of all the members
of the Board shall constitute .1 quorum,
but a less number may adjourn from
day to day and compel the attendance
of absent members in such manner and
under such penalties as the Board may
prescribe.
Sec. 4. The Board shall:
1. Appoint a clerk, sergeant-at-arms
and, when authorized to do so by ordi
nance, such additional clerks and other
assistants as may be deemed necessary.
2. Establish rules for its proceedings.
3. Keep a journal of its proceedings,
and allow the same to be published.
The ayes and noes shall on demand of
any member be taken and entered
therein.
4. Have authority to punish its mem
bers for disorderly or contemptuous
behavior in its presence.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be the pre
siding officer of the Board of Supervis
ors. In the absence of the Mayor the
Board shall appoint a presiding officer
pro tempore from its own members,
who shall have the same right to vote
as other members.
Sec. 6. The B ard shall meet on
Monday of each week, or if that day be a
legal h:>liriay, then on the next day.
The Board shall not adjourn to any
other place than to its r 'ar place of
meeting, except In case of grext neces
sity or emergency. The meetings of
the Board shall be public.
Sec. 7. The clerk of the Board,
when requested to do so. ehall admin
ister oaths and affirmations, without
charge, in all matters pertaining to
the affairs of his office, and shall per
form such services as may be pre
scribed" by the Board. He shall have
the custody of the seal, and of all
leases, grants and other documents,
records and papers of the City and
County. His signature shall be neces
sary to all leases, grants and convey
ances of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Every legislative act of the
City and County shall be by ordinance.
The enacting clause of every ordinance
shall be in these words: "Be It or
dained by the People of the City and
County of San Francisco us follows."
No ordinance shall be passed except by
bill, and no bill shall be so amended as
to change its original purpose.
Sec. 9. No bill shall become an ordi
nance, nor resolution be adopted, un
less finally passed by a majority of all
the members of the Board and the vote
be taken by ayes and noes and the
names of the members voting for and
against the same be entered in the
Journal.
Sec. 10. No ordinance shall be re
vised, re-enacted or amended by refer
ence to it;- title but the ordinance to
be revised or re-enacted, or the section
thereof amended, shall be re-enacted
at lenpth as revised and amended.
Sec. 11. An ordinance shall embrace
but one subject, which subject shall be
expressed in its title. If any subject
be embraced in an ordinance and not
expressed in its title, such ordinance
shall be void only as to so much there
of as is not expressed in its title.
Sec. 12. When a bill is put upon its
THE SAN FRAXCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
final passage in the Board md fails to
pass, and a motion is made to recon
sider, the vote upon such motion shall
not be acted upon before the expira
tion of twenty-four hours after ad
journment. No bill for the grant of
any franchise shall be put upon its
final passage within ninety days after
its introduction, and no franchise shall
be renewed befort one year prior to its
expiration. Every ordinance shall, af
ter amendment, be laid over for one
week before its final passage.
Sec. 13. Every bill or resolution pro
viding for any specific improvement,
or the granting of any franchise or
privilege, or involving the lease, ap
propriation or disposition of public
property or the expenditure of public
money, except sums less than two
h idred dollars, or levying any tax
or assessment, and every ordinance
providing for the imposition of a new
duty or penalty, shall, after its intro
duction, be published in the official
newspaper, with the ayes and noes,
for at least five successive days (Sun
days and legal holidays excepted) be
fore final action upon the same. If
such bill be amended, the bill as
amended shall be advertised for a lik»
period before final action thereon. But
in cases of great necessity the officers
and heads of departments may, with
the consent of the Mayor, expend such
sums of money, not to exceed two hun
dred dollars, as shall be necessary to
meet the requirements of such neces-
sity.
Sec. 14. If any bill be presented to
the Mayor containing several items ap
propriating money or fixing a tax levy,
he may object to one or more Items
separately, while approving other por
tions of the bill. In such case he shall
append to the bill at the time of sign
ing it a statement of the item or items
to which he objects and the reasons
therefor, and the item or items so ob
jected to shall not take effect unless
passed notwithstanding the Mayor's
objection. Ef.ch item so objected to
shall be separately reconsidered by the
Board in the same manner as bills
which have been disapproved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 15. No ordinance shall take ef
fect until ten days after its passage
unless otherwise provided in such or
dinance.
Sec. 16. Every bill ana c\ T ery resolu
tion as hereinbefore provided, which
shall have passed the Board and shall
have been duly authenticated, shall be
presented to the Mayor for his appro
val. The Mayor shall return such bill
or resolution to the Board within ten
days after receiving It. If he approve
It he shall sign it and It shall then be
come an ordinance. If he disapprove
It he shall specify his objections there
to In writing. If he does not return
It with such disapproval within the
time above specified, it shall tnke ef
fect as if he had approved it. The ob
jections of the Mayor shall be entered
at large In the Journal of the Board,
and the Board shall, after five and
within thirty days after such bill or
resolution shall have been so returned,
reconsider and vote upon the same. If
the same shall, upon reconsideration,
be again passed by the affirmative vot*
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, the presiding officer shall
certify that fact on the bill or resolu
tion, nnd when so certifled. the bill
shall become an ordinance with like ef
fect as if it had been approved by the
Mayor. If the hill or resolution shall fail
to receive the vote of fourteen members
of the Board It shall be deemed finally
lost. The vote on such reconsideration
shall be tak*>n by ayes and noes and
the names of the members voting for
and against the same shall be entered
!n the Journal.
Pec. 17. All ordinances and resolu
tions shall be deposited with the Clerk
of the Board who shall record the same
at length in a suitable book.
Sec. 18. No ordinance shall be re
pealed except' by ordinance adopted In
the manner hereinbefore set out, and
such ordinance shall be presented to
the Mayor for his approval as herein
before provided.
Sec. 19. Except as provided in Chap
ter 111 of Article 111 of this Charter, all
demands payable nut of the Treasury
must, before they can be approved by
the Auditor or paid by thp Treasurer,
be first approved by the Board of Sup
ervisors. All demands for more than two
hundred dollarsshall be presented to the
Mnvor for Is approval, in the manner
hereinbefore provide", for th- passage
of bills or resolutions. All resolutions
directing thp payment of mntify other
than salaries or wages, when the
amount exoppris flvp hundred dollars,
shall hp published for five successive
days (Sundays nnd legal holidays ex
cented) In the official npwsrtanpr.
Sec. 20. *•**■ _ie . r there shall be pre
sented to the ~"3oard of Election Com
missioners a retition signed by a num
ber of voters equal to fi?te:n per
centum of the votes cast at the last
preceding State or City ard County
election, asking that an ordinance to bp
set forth in sur-h potion, ')p subr ..ted
to a vote of th electors 0/ h? City *nd
County, the Board rf Election Com
missioners must submit such proposed
ordinance to tlie vote of the elei tor- ~t
the next election.
The siprr turrs to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper, but
each signer shall add to his niernatu— >
his place of r idence, giving the street
and number. One of thp signprs of
each such paper shall ike oath be
fore an officer 'o admin ter
oaths, that the statements therein
made axe true, and that each signature
to the paper appended is the genuine
signature of the person whose name
purports to be thereto subscribed.
The tickets used In such election
shall contain the words "FOR TITTC
ORDINANCE" (stating the nature of
the proposed ordinance) and
"AGAINST THE ORDINANCE" (stat
ing the nature of the proposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast v >en
such ordinaire shall be in fa 'or of the
adoption there< *. the Board of Election
Commissioners shall within thirty days
from the time of such election, pro
r'aim such far*': nd upon such procla
mation such ordinance shall have the
same force and effect as an ordinam 2
passed by the Supervisors and ap
proved by the Mayor, and the same
shall not be repealed by the Supervi
sors. But the Supervisors may sulvn't
a proposition for the repeal of such
ordlnancp, or for amendments thereto,
for vjte at any succeeding election: and
should such proposition, so submitted,
receive a majority of the votes 2ast
thereon at such flection, such ordi
nance shall be repealed or amended
accordingly.
Sec. fcL Except as otherwise pro
vided in the Constitution of the State,
or as otherwise provided In this Char
ter, every oMinar.je Involving the
granting by the City and County of
any francr'se for the supply of light
or water, or for the least - r sale of any
public utility, or for thp purchase of land
of more than fifty thousand dollars in
value must be submitted to the v< t e
of the elect- s of th City and County
at the election next ensu!ng after the
adoption of ruch oruinance.
The tickpfs used at stfch election
shall contain the words "FOR THE
ORDINANCE" (stating: t..e nature of
the proposed ordi nee) and
"AGAINST TRJ] ORDINANCE" (stat
ins the nature o. the prjposed ordi
nance).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such ordinance shall be in favor of the
prlnption thereof, the Board of Ele Aon
Commissioners shall, within thir'-f
days fro:i tl - time of such election,
proclaim such fact: and upon such
proclamation such ordinance shall have
tho same force and effect as an ordi
nance passed by the Supervisors and
approved by the Mayor.
No such franchise, or lease or sale
of any public utility or purchase of
land shall be oi any force or effect ex
cept it te mad" by ordinnr.ee, and such
ordinance be adopted by the people as
in th's section provided.
Sec. 22. Wh^n^ver there nhall be
presented to the Supervisors a petition
sl*n d by .-. number of voters equal
fifteen per centum of the votes cas f at
the last nrecedinar State or municlDal
Xf.v
election, asking that an amendment or
amendmc. .^ t this Charter, to be set
out In such petition, be submittr: to
tho people, the Board must submit to
; the vote of the electors of the City and
County the proposed amendment or
amendments.
The signatures to the petition need
not all be appended to one paper. Each
signer shall add to his signature his
Place of residence, giving the street
an'-l number. One of the signers of
each such paper shall make oath be
fcra an 01 «er competent to administer
oaths that the statements made therein
are true and that each signature to
such paper appende 7 Is the gen- " -c
signature of the person whose name
purports to be there'o subscribed.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must make all necessary provision for
submitting the proposed amendment or
amendments to the electors at a spe
cial election to be called by it, and shall
canvass the vote in the same manner
as in other cr*s i of election.
All the provisions of the Constitution
of the State embracing the subject In
this section provided for are hereby ex
pressly made applicable to such pro- ;
posed amendment or amendments. But
if at any time there shall be no consti
tutional provision or provisions under
which this Charter may be amended,
then the aforesaid amendment or
amendments must be submitted by the
Board of Election Commissioners tc +.he
vote of the electors of the City and j
County at the election which next en
sues after such petition is filed with the
Supervisors, if any such election is not
to be hold within sixty days after the
flllnsr of such petition.
The tickets used at such election
Shall contain the words "FOR THE
AMENDMENT" (stating the nature
of the proposed amendment) and
'AGAINST THE AMENDMENT"
(stating the nature of the proposed
amendment).
If a majority of the votes cast upon
such amendment or amendments shall
be In favor of the adoption thereof,
the Board of Election Commissioners
shall, within thirty days from the time
of such elert:on, "proclaim such fact,
and thereupon this Charter shall be
amended accord igly
CHAPTER 11.
Powers of the Supervisors.
SECTION 1. Subject to the pro
visions, limitations and restrictions In
this Charter c^talned, the Board of
Supervisors shall have power:
1. To ordain, make and enforce
within the limits of the City and
County all nee ssary local, police, sani
tary and othe:- laws anl regulations.
2. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, or in the Constitution of
the State of '..lifornia, to regulate and
control for any and every purpose; the
use of the streets, highways, public
thoroughfares, public places, alleys,
and sidewalks of the City and ~ unty.
3. To permit the laying down of rail
road tracks and running cars thereon,
along any street or portion of a street,
for the sole purpose of excavating and
filling in a street or portion of a street
or the adjoining land, for such limited
time as may be necessary for such
purpose and no longer. Such tracks
must be laid level with the street and
must be operated under such reslric
tions as not to Interfere with the US3 of
such streets by the public.
4. To empower street railway com
panies, under such conditions as the
Board may see fit i Impose, to convey
street sweepings and offal to the public
parks.
5. To fix the limits within which
wooden bui". ngs or structures shall
rot be erected, placed or maintained,
and to prohibit the same -vlthin such
limits. Such limits when once estab
lished shall not be hanged except by
extension.
6. To provide fo. the abatement rr
summary removal of any nuinance and
to condemn and to prevent the occu
pancy of unsafe ptructures.
". To regulate the use of hackneycar
riag'-s and public passenger vehicles,
and to fix the rates to be charged for
the transportation of persons or per
sonal baggr ge.
f. To provide a public pound and to
make all necc .y rules and regula
tions in the matter of animals running
at large, and for the custody and de
£r.ruction of the same.
9. To provide and maintain a
morgue.
10. To provide places for the deten
tion of witnesses and persor- charged
i with insanity, separate and r^art from
places where c: i^.inals or persons r.e
cused of public offenses are imprisoned.
11. To establish, maintain rvi regu
late, and change, discontinue and
re-establish City and County jails,
prisons and houses of detention, pun
ishment, confinement and reformation,
hospitals and almshouses.
12. To purchase or acquire by con
demnation such property as may be
neoded for public use.
13. Except as otherwise provided in
this Charter, to regulate and control
the location and quality of all appli
ances necessary to the furnishing f
water, heat, light, power, telephonic
and telegraphic service to the City and
County, and to acquire, regulate and
control any and all appliances for the
sprinkling and cleaning of the streets
of the City and County, and for flush
ing the sewers therein.
14. To fix and determine by ordin
ance in the month of February of each
year, to take effect on the first day of
July thereafter, the rates or compensa
tion to be collected by any person, com
pany or corporation in the City and
County, for the use eftf t ater, heat,
light or power, sjrpplled to the City and
County, or to the inhabitants thereof,
and to prescribe the quality of the ser
vice.
15. To impose license taxes and to
provide for the collection thereof; but
no license taxes shall be imposed upon
any person w-ho, at any fixed place of
business in the City and County, sells
or manufactures goods, wares or mer
chandise, except such as require per
mits from the Board of Police Com
missioners as provided in this C" *rter.
16. To prescribe fines, forfeitures and
penalties for the breach of any ordin
ance; but no penalty shall exceed the
amount of five hundred dollars or six
months' imprisonment, or both.
17. To fix the fees and charges for
all official services not otherwise pro
vided for in this Charter.
18. To allow not to exceed two thou
sand five hundred dollars in any year
for the celebration of the anniversary
of our National Independence, and not
to exceed five hundred dollars in any
year for the observance of Memorial
Day.
19. To appropriate such sums as may
be paid into the treasuryfrom fines col
lected on convic'ion of persons charged
with cruelty to animals, and to author
ize the payment of the same or some
part thereof co any socioty that shall
efficiently aid in such convictions.
20. To provide for the payment of
compensation to the interpreters ap
pointed by the Judges of the Superior
C ~urt, to interpret testimony in crim
inal cases in said Court or the Police
Court, or upon inquests and examina
tions. Such compensation shall not ex
ceed one hundred dollars a month for
each interpreter.
21. To offer rewards not exceeding
one thousand dollars in any one in
stance for the apprehension and convic
tion of any person who may have com
mitted a felony in the City and County,
and to authorize the payment thereof
22. To provide in the annual tax
levy for a special fund to be used in the
construction of a general system of
drainage and rewerage.
23. To provide a Seal for the City
and County, and Seals for the several
departments, boards and officers there
of, and a Seal for the Police Court.
24. To fix the hours of labor or serv
ice required of all laborerr in the serv
ice of the City and County, and to fix
their compensation: provided that eight
! hours shall be the maximum hours of
: labor in any calendar day. and that tL
: minimum wages of laborers shall be
; two dollars a day.
25. To set apart as a boulevard or
boulevards any street or streets, or por
tions of a street or streets, over which
I there is no existing franchise for any
I street railroad.
26. To construct or permit the con
! struction of tunnels, under such rules
i and regulations as the Board may pre
scribe.
27. To regulate street railroads,
tracks and cars; to compel the owners j
of two or more of such roads using the ;
same street for any distance not ex
ceeding ten blocks to use the same
tracks and to equitably divide the cost
of construction and expense of main
tenance thereof between the owners; to
fix, establish and reduce the fares and
charges for transporting passengers
and goods thereon; to regulate rates of
speed, and to pass ordinances to pro
tect the public from danger or Incon
venience in the operation of such roads.
28. To allow any transcontinental or
other railroad company having not less
than fifty miles of road actually con
structed id In operation to enter the
City and County with its road and run
its cars to the water front at the most
suitable point for public convenience.
No exclusive right shall be granted to
any railroad company; and the use of
all such rights shall at all times be sub
ject to regulation by the Supervisors.
Every ordinance granting such right
shall be upon the conditions that said
company shall pave and keep In repair
the street from curb to curb in such a
manner and with such material as may
from time to time be prescribed by the j
Supervisors, and that such company !
shall allow any other railroad company j
to use in common with it the same j
track or tracks, each paying an equal j
portion for the construction and repair
of the tracks and appurtenances used
by such railways jointly.
29. -To convey lands In accordance
with the provisions of the Act of the
Legislature of the State of California,
entitled "An Act to expeuite the settle
ment of land titles In the City and
County of San Francisco, and to ratify
and confirm the acts and proceedings of
certain of the authorities thereof," ap
proved March 14, 1870.
30. To provide for the execution of
all trusts confided to the City and
County.
31. To transfer from one department
of the City Government vacant and»un
used lota of land to another depart
ment.
32. To provide for the lease of any
lands now or hereafter owned by the
City and County; but all leases shall be
made at public auction to the highest
responsible bidder at the highest
monthly rent, after publication of no
tice thereof for at least three weeks. No
lease shall be authorized except by or
dinance passed by the affirmative vote
of two-thirds of the members of the
Board, and approved by the Mayor, and
no lease shall be made for a longer pe
riod than twenty years.
33. To provide for the sale at public
auction, after advertising for five days,
of personal property unfit or unneces
sary for the ure of the City and County.
34. To provide for the purchase of
property levied upon or under execu
tion in, favor of the City and County;
but the amount bid on such purchase
shall not exceed the amount of Judg
ment find costs.
35. The Supervisors mus appropriate
annually to the Mayor thirty-six hun
dred dollars as and for a contingent
fund, for which he need furnish no
voucher::
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall consti
tute the Board of Equalization of the
City and County. The Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall be Clerk of the Board of
Equalization by virtue of his office.
Sec. 3. The Board of Supervisors
shall appoint from its members a com
mittee consisting of throe to be denom
inated Finance Committee, and shall
fill all vacancies in the Committee.
The Committee shall investigate the
transactions and accounts of all officers
having the collection, custody or dis
bursement of public money, or having
the power to approve, allow, or audit
demands on the treasury; shall have
free access to any records, books and
papers in all public offices; shall have
power to administer oaths and affirma
tions, and to examine witnesses, and
compel their attendance before them by
subpena. The Committee may at any
time visit any of the public offices and
make its examinations and investiga
tions therein without hindrance.
The Committee must, at least once in
every six months, examine the official
bonds of all City and County officers,
and investigate the sufficiency and sol
vency of the sureties thereon, and re
port in writing the facts to the Mayor.
Such report shall specify each bond
with the sureties, and the amounts for
which each surety is bound, and state
whether or not they are sufficient and
solvent. Upon such report the Mayor
shall take such action as shall be nec
essary to protect the City and County,
and may require new bonds when nec
essary, and he may suspend any officer
till a sufficient bond is filed and ap
proved.
Sec. 4. The Finance Committee shall
have power, and it shall be its duty, to
examine the records and examine and
expert the books of account of all per
sons, companies or corporations that
are required to pay a portion of their
gross receipts into the treasury; and
shall likewise, as an aid to the fixing
of rates for furnishing water and light
to the City and County and to the in
habitants thereof, have lik# power, and
it shall be its duty, to examine the
records and examine and expert the
books of aci ount of any and all per
sons, companies or corporations so
furnishing water or light.
In the exercise of its functions, the
concurrence of two members of the
Committee shall be deemed sufficient.
The Committee shall keep a record of
its proceedings with the names of the
witnesses examined and a substantial
statement of the evidence taken. If,
from the examination made by the
Committee, it shall appear that a mis
demeanor in office, or a defalcation,
has been committed by an officer, the
Committee shall immediately report to
the Mayor, who, if he approve the re
port, shall take such proceedings
againgt such officer as are authorized
by law, and may suspend him pending
such proceedings. Any Police Officer
shall execute the process and orders of
the Committee.
Sec. 5. No exclusive franchise or
privilege shall be granted for laying
pipes, wires or conduits.
Sec. 6. The Board of Supervisors
shall have power to grant authority
for a term not exceeding twenty-five
years to construct and operate street
railways upon, or over, or under, the
streets or parts of streets of the City
and County not reserved for boulevards
or carriage driveways, upon the follow
ing conditions and in the following
manner and none other:
Upon application being made to the
Board for any such franchise, it shall
j by resolution determine whether such
J franchise or any part thereof should
be granted, and at said time shall de
termine on what conditions the same
i shall be granted additional to those
conditions provided In this Chapter.
After such determination, it shall
! cause notice of such application and
j resolution to be advertised in the offl
j clal newspaper of the City and Coun
ty for ten consecutive days. Such ad
vertisement must be completed not less
than twenty nor more than thirty days
; before any further action is taken by
I the Board on such application. The ad
; vertisement must state the character
! of the franchise sought, the term of
! its proposed continuance, and the
! route to be traversed; that sealed bids
, will be received up to a certain hour
on a day to be named in the advertise-
I ment: and a further statement that
I no bids will be received of a stated
I amount, but that all bids must be for
', the payment to the City and County
, in lawful money of the United States
| of a stated percentage of the gross
\ annual receipts of the person, com
pany or corporation to whom the fran
chise may be awarded, arising from its
use, operation, enjoyment or posses
sion.
| Every bidder shall file with hla bid a
bond executed to the City and County,
with at least two good and sufficient
. sureties to be approved by the Mayor
in a penal sum prescribed by the Su
pervisors, and set forth in such ad
vertisement, conditioned that such bid
der will well and truly observe, fulfill
and perform each and all of the condi
tions, terms and obligations of the
franchise for which said application
was made in case the same shall be
awarded to him, and that in case of
the breach of any of the conditions of
such bond, the whole amount of the
penal sum therein named shall be taken
to be liquidated damages, and that as
such shall be recoverable from the
principal and sureties on such bond.
At the next regular session after the
expiration of the time stated in such
advertisement up to which such bids
will be received, the Board must open
such bids end award the franchise to
the person, company or corporation of
fering to pay the highest stated per
centage of the gross receipts arising
from the use, operation, possession or
enjoyment of the franchise for which
such application was made. But no
award shall be made, nor any such ap
plication granted, unless the stated
percentage offered to be paid for the
franchise shall be at least three per
centum of such gross receipts during
the first five years of the period for
which the franchise is to be granted,
four per centum of the gross receipts
during the next succeeding ten years,
and five per centum of the gross re
ceipts during the next succeeding ten
years.
Except as In this section otherwise
provided, bidding for such franchises
must b: in accordance wi:h the provis
ions of this Charter in relation to bids
made to the Board of Pvl-lic Works, so
far as such provisions may be applica
ble. The Supervisors r.iay reject any
and all bida, and may refuse to grant a
franchise for any part of the route for
which application was made. *""* cry
ordinance making such grant shall re
quire the concurrenceof three-fourths of
all the members of the Board of Super
visors, as shown by the ayes and noes,
and the approval of the May
or, and at least ninety days shall in
tervene between the introduction and
final passage of any such ordinance. It
shall require a vote of five-sixths of all
the Supervisors to pass the ordinance
notwithstanding the objections of the
Mayor.
If any bid be accepted, the franchise
must be granted upon the express con
dition, in addition to the conditions re
quired by this Charter, and such other
conditions as may be prescribed by the
Supervisors, that the per centum of the
gross receipts of the railway shall be
paid into the treasury on or before the
tenth day of the next ensuing month
after such gross receipts shall have
been earned; and upon the further con
dition that the whole of the railway
shall be continuously operated, and
that at the end of the term the road
track and bed of such railway and all
its stationary fixtures upon the public
streets, shall become the property of
the City and County; and that the
grantees will, within one hundred days
after the date of such grant, commence
the construction of such railway, and
continuously thereafter, in each and ev
ery month until the completion thereof,
expend in such construction at least
the sum of three thousand dollars.
The failure to comply with any of
said conditions shall work an Immedi
ate forfeiture of such franchise and the
road or track constructed thereunder.
There shall be no power in the Super
visors to relieve from such forfeiture
or from any of said conditions. On or
before the tenth day of each month af
ter said receipts shall have been earned,
the President and Secretary of said
railway company shall make and file
with the Clerk of the Board of Super
visors a sworn statement of the gross
receipts of such railway for the pre
ceding month.
In granting any such franchise the
Board of Supervisors shall impose such
other lawful conditions as It may deem
advisable, and must expressly provide
that the franchise shall not be renewed
or regranttd, and that the Board shall
at all times have the power to regulate
the rates of fare to be charged by those
using, operating, possessing or enjoy
ing the franchise, and that the Finance
Committee of the Board shall at all
times be permitted to examine and ex
pert their books as to such gross re
ceipts. All moneys received for such
franchises and In payment of the said
per centum shall be credited to the
General Fund.
Sec. 7. The Supervisors shall have no
power to grant franchises or privileges
to erect poles or wires for transmitting
electric power or for lighting purposes
along or upon any public street or high
way of the City and County except up
on all the conditions and In the manner,
including competitive bidding and pay
ment of a percentage of gross receipts,
hereinbefore set out, and upon the fur
ther condition that the Board shall at
all times have the right to regulate the
charges of any person, company or cor
poration using, enjoying or possessing
such franchise or privilege.
When, on the expiration of any street
railroad franchise, it shall be deemed
inexpedient by the Board to use any of
the property reverting to it by reason
of such expiration in the operation of
a street railroad, then the Board shall
have power to lease such property to
any person, company or corporation af
ter the notice, on the terms, and in the
manner above provided as to the grant
ing of street railroad franchises, as far
as the same may be applicable. But no
ordinance r.uthorizing such lease shall
be passed prior to ninety days next pre
ceding the expiration of such franchise.
Any ordinance granting a franchise
or authorizing a lease under the provis
ions of this section shall be in force
from and after the expiration of thirty
days from the date of its signature by
the Mayor, or from and after the expi
ration of thirty dayp from the date of
its passage by the Supervisors over his
objections, unless within said thirty
days a petition signed by a number of
the electors of the City and County
equal to fifteen per centum of the votes
cast at the last preceding election shall
have been filed with the Supervisors
asking that said ordinance be submit
ted to the vote of the people. In such
case said ordinance shall be submitted
at the next election to the vote of the
electors of the City and County, and
unless said ordinance shall at said elec
tion receive in its favor a majority of
the votes cast thereon It shall have no
force or effect for any purpose If a
majority of the votes be in favor of
such ordinance, the Board of Election
Commissioners shall, on the conclusion
of the canvass of the vote thereon
proclaim such fact, and upon such
proclamation said ordinance shall have
full force and effect as of the date
aforesaid. Said petition and submission
shall be made in accordance with the
provisions of section twenty of Chapter
I of this Article.
Sec. 8. All claims for damages
against the City and County must be
presented to the Board of Supervisors
and filed with the Clerk within six I
months after the occurrence from j
which the damages are claimed to have
arisen; otherwise there shall be no re
covery on any such claim.
CHAPTER IH.
Contracts.
SECTION 1. All contracts for goods,
merchandise, stores, supplies, subsist
ence or printing for the City and Coun- i
ty, as well as for all subsistence sup
plies, drugs, and other necessary arti
cles for hospitals, prisons, pu v lic instl- ;
tutions and other departments not oth
erwise specifically provided for in this ;
Charter, must be made bytheSupervis
ora with the lowest bidder offering ad
equate security, after publication for ;
not less than ter days in the official j
newspaper; and no purchase thereof or
liability therefor shall be made or cre
ated except by contract.
Except as otherwise provided in this
Charter, the Board must determine
annually what goods, merchandise,
stores, supplies, drugs, subsistence and
oilier necessary articles will be needed
by the City and County for the ensuing
I year, and it shall have no power to
purchase or to pay for the same unless
the provisions In this Charter provided
as to competitive bidding for supplies
; are strictly followed, and no contract
i shall be made for any of the same un
! less upon such competitive bidding.
- All proposals shall :be accompanied
•with a certificate of deposit or certified
\ check on a solvent bank in the City"
: and County of ten per centum on the
! amount of the bid, payable at sight to
! the order of the Clerk of the Supervis
| ors. If the bidder to whom the con
i tract is awarded shall for five clays af
j ter such award fall or neglect to enter
i into the contract and file the required
I bond, the Clerk shall draw the money
| due on such certificate of deposit or
j check and pay the same Into the treas
! ury; and under no circumstances shall
I the certificate of deposit or check or
j the proceeds thereof be returned to
j such defaulting bidder.
Notices for proposals for furnishing
i the aforesaid articles shall mention
said articles in general and shall state
that the conditions and schedule may
i be found in the office of the Clerk of
j the Board of Supervisors; and . shall
also state that such articles are to be
I delivered at such times, in such quan
tities, and in such manner, as the Su
pervisors may designate. Any bidcier
may bid separately for . any article
named. The award as to each article
shall in all cases be made to the lowest
bidder for such article, and where a bid
embraces more than one article, the
Supervisors shall have the right to ac
cept or reject such bid or the bid for
| any one or more articles embraced
I therein. In the case of contracts for
| subsistence of prisoners the advertise
ment fcr proposals shall specify each
I article required, the quality thereof,
I the quantity for each person, and the
! existing and probable number of per
' sons to be supplied. No article or ar
t ticles provided for in this section shall
have been made in any prison. The
' Supervisors shall require bonds with
; sufficient sureties for the faithful per
i formance of every contract. The Clerk
of the Supervisors shall furnish print
ed blanks for all such proposals, con
tracts and bonds.
All bids shall be sealed and delivered
! by the bidder to the Clerk of the Su
1 pervisors, and opened by the Board at
an hour and place to be stated in tho
i advertisement for proposals. In tha
presence of all bidders who attend, and
' the bidders may inspect the bids. Al«
'< bids with alterations or erasures
: therein shall be rejected. All articles
; so supplied shall be subject to inspec
! tion and rejection by the Supervisors
and by the person In char— of the of
i fice, 1 institution or department for
I which the same are supplied. Every
; contract for work to be performed for
the City and County must provide that
!in the performance of the contract
: eight hours shall be the maximum
hours of labor on any calendar day,
' and that the minimum wages of labor
i ers employed by the contractor in th«
i execution of his contract shall be tw-«
! dollars a day. Any contract for work
to be performed for the City and Coun
ty which does not comply with the pro
i visions of this section shall be null and
j void, and any officer who shall sign the
1 same shall be deemed guilty of misfea
sance and upon proof of such misfea
sance shall be removed from office.
Sec. 2. All contracts for official ad
vertising shall be let annually In Ilk*
i manner by the Supervisors to the low
| est responsible bidder publishing a
daily newspaper in the City and Coun
! ty which has a bona fide daily circula
': tion of at least eight thousand copies,
< and has been in existence at the time
lof letting such contract for , at least
1 two years. In inviting proposals there
for, such advertising shall not be clas
: sified and no proposal shall be acted
upon which offers to do such advertis
i ing at different rates for different por
j tions thereof.
Such advertising shall be construed
. to mean the advertising and publica
i tion of all official reports, orders, ordi
1 nances, messages, resolutions, notices
inviting proposals and all notices of
every nature relating to City work. No
; part or kind of such advertising shall
! be charged or contracted for at a high
er rate than any other part or kind of
; the same Is charged or contracted; for.
■ except in the case of the delinquent tax
The. newspaper to which . the award
of such advertising, is made shall be
i known and designated as the official
newspaper."
The advertising of the delinquent
tax list shall be let to the lowest re
sponsible bidder on a separate bidding
! from all other official advertising.
No board, department or officer shall
i make any publication which is not ex
pressly authorized by this Charter or
by the Supervisors. .
Sec. 3. The Clerk of the Supervisors
' shall annually, under the direction of
the Supervisors, advertise for pro
posals for supplying the various
departments, officers and offices of the
City and County with all stationery
and supplies in the nature of station
ery, assessment books, minute books,
blank books and the printing of blanks.
i The contracts for ionery shall be
separate from tho°e for printing.
Notice for proposals for supplies shall
require a greater or less quantity to
| be delivered at such times and in such
i manner as the Supervisors may desig
i nate. The advertisement for bids for
j paper shall state the weight, quality
! and size of the various kinds required,
'< and that for printing shall enumerate
i the various letter heads, tax bills, tax
! receipts, court notices, and all blanks,
! papers and documents now used or
| hereafter required in any and all de
partments of the City and County, in
' eluding the forms, papers and blanks
now used or hereafter required by the
courts of the City and County.
The forms for all printing shall be
| consp"utively numbered, and each form
! and blank shall be known as No. ■
(specifying the number). Such adver
tisement shall be published for at least
ten days, and shall require the bidders
to state the price at which each arti
cle will be furnished, printed orraanu
factured, as the same may be required
from tlmt to time during such per od
and the amount of the bond .that ■ 2«»J>«
required as security for the perform
j ance of the contract. to any offi-
No stationery furnished to any offi
cer or department shall contain the
name or names of the officer or offi
cers constituting the head of the de
nartment or board. The contract or
contS must be made with the low
est bidder offering adequate security,
miantitv and quality being considered.
ThP Clerk of the Supervisors shall have
| rooms in the City Hall for the custody
! of such stationery, -nd when purchased
the same shall be «. ilivered to him, and
he shall issue and distribute the same
to the various departments as re-
Ql He shall keep accounts In detail,
charging himself with all goods re
ceived and crediting himself with the
goods delivered upon order or requisi
tion as- hereinafter provided.' When
any of such supplies are required, for
any department, the Clerk of the Su
pervisors shall issue the same after the
requisition for such articles has been
made by the head of such department
and approved by the Mayor.
All requisitions for printing shall be
made in a similar manner. The 1 Clerk
shall report monthly In writing to the
Supervisors in detail, the amount-, of
all paper, blanks, books, stationery and
printing ordered by and delivered to
any department or officer. ,
Sec. 4. Any officer of the City and
County, or of any ; department . thereof,
who shall aid or assist a bidder in se
curing a contract to furnish; labor, ma
terial or supplies,; at a higher price or
rate than that proposed \y any ' other
bidder, or w" \ shall favor one bidder
over another, by : giving or ; withholding
information, ; or who shall willfully mis
lead any bidder in regard to the char
acter of the material or supplies called
for, or.who shall knowingly accept ma
terials or supplies of a quality inferior
to that called . for by .the;' contract, or
who shall knowingly certify to a'great
er amount of labor performed, than has
been actually performed, or to tJ.e : re
ceipt ,of a ' greater . amo :nt ior differentkinds of material or supplies than has
been actually received, shall be deemed
guilty of misfeasance and shall be re
moved from office.
Sec. 6. All contracts provided for in
this Chapter must be in writing and
executed in the name of the City and
County by the Mayor. All such con-
W tracts must be countersigned by the
r ilerk of the Supervisors, and register
ed by number and date in a book kept
by him for that purpose. When a con
tractor fails to enter into the contract
awarded to him or to perform the same,
new bids must be invited, and a con
tract awarded as provided herein In
the first instance. When the Supervis
ors believe that the prices bid are too
high, or that bidders have combined to
prevent competition, or that the public
interest will be subserved thereby, they
may reject any and all bids and causo
the notice for proposals to be readver
tised.
Sec. 6. No contract for lighting
streets, public buildings, places or of
fices, shall be made for a longer period
than one year, nor shall any contract
to pay for gas, electric light or any il
luminating material at a higher rate
than the minln-.um price charged to any
other consumer, be valid. Demands
for lighting public' buildings shall be
presented monthly to the board or de
partment using or having charge
thereof, and shall specify the amount
of gas, electric light or illuminating
material consumed in such building
during the month.
ARTICLE IH.
FINANCE AND TAXATION.
CHAPTER L
Levying of Taxes.
SECTION 1. On or before the first
Monday of April in each year the heads
of departments, offices, boards and
commissions of the City and County
shall send to the Supervisors an esti
mate In writing of the amount of ex
penditure, specifying in detail the ob
jects thereof, rt-quired In their respec
tive departments, offices, boards and
commissions, including a statement of
the salaries of their subordinates. Du
plicates of these estimates shall be
Bent at the same time to the Auditor.
Sec. 2. On or b> fore the first Monday
of May in each year the Auditor shall
transmit to the Supervisors an estimate
of the probable expenditures of the
City and County government for the
next ensuing fiscal year, stating the
amount required to meet the interest
-inking funds for all outstanding
funded debts, and the wants of all the
departments of the municipal govern
ment in detail, and showing specifically
the amount necessary to be apportion
ed to each fund in the treasury; also
an estimate of the amount of Income
from fines, licenses and other sources
of revenue, exclusive of taxes upon
property, and the probable amount re
quired to be levied and raised by taxa
tion.
Sec. S. The Supervisors shall meet
annually between the first Monday of
May and the first Monday of June, and
by a vote of a majority of all the mem
bers thereof make a budget of the
amounts estimated to be required to
the expends of conducting the
public business of the Cit-- and County
for the n?xt ensuing fiscal year. The
budget shall be prepared In such de-.
tail as to the aggregate sum and the
Items thereof allowed to each depart
ment, office, board or commission, as
the Supervisors shall d^em advisable.
Before finally determining upon the
budget, the Supervisors shall fix such
sufficient ime nr times as may be
necessary to allow the taxpayers to be
heard in regard thereto, and the Super
visors shall attend at the time or times
so appointed for such h^arinr"
Sec. 4. Any item in said budget may,
within ten days, b^ vetoed in whole or
In part by the Mayor, and it shall re
quire fifteen votes of the Supervisors
to overcome such v^to. Action thereon
■ be taken before the last Monday
of June.
After the final estimate is made In i
accordance herewith, it shall be signed ;
by the Mayor and the clerk of the Su- j
pervisors, and t!" several sums shall j
then be appropriated for the ensuing !
fiscal year to the several purposes and j
departments therein name. . The esti- i
mate shall be filed in the office of the i
Auditor.
Sec. 5. The Supervisors must cause
to be raised annually according to law.
and collected by tax. the amounts so
appropriated, less the amounts re
ceived from fines, licenses and other
sources of revenue.
Sec. 6. Except as otherwise pro
vided in this Charter, no money shall
be drawn from the treasury unless in
consequence of appropriations made
by the Supervisors and upon warrants
duly drawn thereon by the Auditor.
Sec. 7. No warrant shall be drawn
except upon an unexhausted specific
appropriation.
Sec. 8. The Boper M may appro
priate thirty-six thousand dollars a
year for urgent necessities not other
wise provided for *>~ law. No money
shall be paid out of this appropriation
unless authorized by a five-sixths vote
of all the members of the Board of
Supervisors and approved by the
Mayor.
Sec. 9. It shall not be lawful for the
Supervisors, or for any board, .depart
ment, officer or authority having power
to Incur, authtrize or contract liabili
ties against the treasury, to Incur, au
thorize, allow, contract for, pay or ren
der payable in th» present or future, in
any one month, any expenditure, de
mand or demands, against any appro
priation, which, taken with all other
expenditures, indebtedness or liability
made or Incurred up to the time in
such month of making or incurring the
pame, shall exceed one-twelfth part of
the amount of the appropriation for
the fiscal year.
When any board, department or offi
cer having nower to incur liabilities
against the treasury shall make any i
agreement for obtaining supplies or !
having labor performed, such depart
ment, officer or board shall register
euch agreement by number and date,
and all demands arising • under such
agreement shall be payable in the or
der of such registration. Such depart
ment, board or officer must inform the
person with whom it is proposed to
make such a~reemr-nt of the amount of
money available or likely *•«■ y, n avail
able in the fund from which such de
mands are payable.
If, at the beginning of any month,
a money remains unexpended in any
appropriation which, might lawfully
have been expended during the pre
ceding month, such unexpended sum
or sums, except so much thereof as may
be required to pay all unpaid claims
upon such appropriation, may be car
ried forward and expended in any suc
ceeding month of such fiscal year: but
not afterward, except in payment of
claims lawfully incurred during such
fiscal year. Appropriations provided
to meet the expense of elections; for
the support and maintenance ,of the
* Assessor's and Tax Collector's depart
ments;, • and for urgent necessities,
shall be exempt from the provisions of
this section.
Sec. 10. No contracts made, the ex
pense of whose execution Is not pro
vided by law or ordinance to be paid
by assessments upon the property ben
efited, shall be binding: or of any force,
unless the Auditor shall Indorse there
on his certificate that there remains
unexpended and unapplied ' as . herein
provided, a balance of the appropria
tion or fund applicable thereto, suffi
cient to pa. the estimated expense. of
executing: such contract, as certified by
the board or officer making the same.
This provision shall not apply to work
done, or supplies furnished. involving
the expenditure of l< 3 sp | t.Hi t"-.i b^n.
'dred and fifty dollars, unless the same
; Is required by law to he done by con
tract at public, letting. . f The Aud
itor shall , make . such . indorse
ment upon every such contract, so
presented to him, , if there remains un
«.nD)'ed and unexpended such ; amount
bo specified by the officer making the
contract, and thereafter shall hold and
retain Buch sum to pay the expense In
curred until the contract shall be fully
performed. The Auditor shall furnish
weekly to the head of each department
a statement of the unexpended bal
ances of the appropriation for his de-
Sec. 11. On or before the last Mon
day of June in each year the Super
visors shall levy the amount of taxes
I City and County purposes required
be levied upon all property not ex
pt from taxation. The amount shall
sufficient to provide for the payment
•ing the fiscal year of all demands
>n the treasury authorized to be paid
out of the same; but such levy, exclu
sive of the State tux and the tax to pay
Is interest and maintain the sinking
ids of the bonded indebtedness of the
ty and County, and exclusive of the
k to pay for the maintenance and
provement of the parks, squares and
blic grounds of the City and County,
shall not exceed the rate of one dollar
on each one hundred dollars' valuation
»the property assessed. The Super
ors in making the levy shall appor
i the taxes to the several funds,
cc. 12. In making the apportion
nt, the Supervisors shall take into
account and apportion to the several
funds the income and revenue esti
mated to arise during the fiscal year
from licenses, fees and other sources;
but the income to pay the interest on
the bonded indebtedness and provide
for the sinking funds shall always be
provided for out of the tax on property.
Sec. 13. The limitation in section
eleven of this Chapter upon the rate of
taxation shall not apply in case of any
great necessity or emergency. In such
case the limitation may be temporarily
suspended so as to enable the Super
visors to provide for such necessity or
emergency. No increase shall be made
in the rate of taxation authorized to be
levied in any fiscal year, unless such in
crease be authorized by ordinance
passed by the unanimous vote of the
i Supervisors and approved by the
I Mayor. The character of such neces
sity or emergency shall be recited in
the ordinance authorizing such action,
and be eiAered in the Journal of the
I Board.
Nothing In this section shall author
ize the incurring of liabilities against
the treasury not allowed by law, or
which cannot be paid out of the income
and revenue provided, collected and paid
! into the proper fund as its proportion
of the same for such fiscal year, or per
mit liabilities or indebtedness incurred
in any one fiscal year to be a charge
upon or paid out of the income or reve
nue of any other fiscal year.
Sec. 14. The Supervisors shall fix the
amount of municipal revenu.es and pro
vide for the collection thereof. They
shall from time to time provide for the
payment of the interest and principal
of the bonds for which the City and
Sec. 15. The Supervisors shall au
thorize the disbursement of all public
moneys, except as otherwise specifically
provided in this Charter.
Sec. 16. At the close of each fiscal
year, if all demands against each fund
have been paid or satisfied, and all dis
puted or contested demands finally ad
judicated, the Supervisors shall direct
the Treasurer to transfer all surplus
moneys to a fund to be called the
Surplus Fund, except such surplus
moneys as are In the several interest
and pinking funds, In the Common
School Fund, in the Park Fund,. the Li
brary Fund, the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund, in the Firemen's Relief and
Pension Fund, and in such other funds
the disposition of whose surplus moneys
is in this Charter otherwise provided
for.
CHAPTER IL
The Several Funds.
SECTION 1. The income and revenue
paid into the treasury shall be at once
apportioned to and kept in separate
funds. It shall not be lawful to trans
fer money from one fund to another or
to use the same in payment of de
mands upon another fund. The provi
sions of this Bection shall not apply to
fees paid into the treasury and placed
temporarily to the credit of the Unap
portioned Fee Fund under the provi
sions of Chapter 111 of this Article.
Sec. 2. The several funds in the
treasury authorized by law at the time
this Charter takes effect, or provided
fur by this Charter, shall continue
therein so long as there shall be occa
sion therefor; and the moneys therein,
or which may belong thereto, shall not
be used for any purpose other than that
for which the same were raised except
as otherwise provided in this Charter.
The General Fund shall consist of
moneys received into the treasury and
not specially appropriated to any other
fund.
The Park Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance,
preservation and Improvement of the
parks, squares, avenues and public
grounds of the City and County; of all
moneys accruing from rents of build
ings under the Jurisdiction of the Park
Commissioners; and of all moneys com
ing into the hands of said Commission
ers whether from donations or other
wise. Out of said Fund shall be paid
all the expenses of every kind for the
preservation, maintenance and Im
provement of the parks, squares, ave
nues and public grounds of the City
and County.
The Library Fund shall consist of the
moneys annually apportioned to, said
Fund by virtue of the tax provided for
in this Charter for the maintenance of
Library and Reading Rooms, and the
purchase of books therefor. Out of said
Fund shall be paid all the expenses
necessary to the maintenance of such
Library and Reading Rooms and the
purchase of books therefor.
Sec. 3. The Surplus Fund shall con
sist of the moneys remaining at the end
of any fiscal year in any other funds
(except the Common School Fund and
the other funds by this Charter other
wise expressly provided for) after all
valjd demands, indebtedness and lia
bilities against said funds incurred
within such fiscal year have been paid
and discharged; provided, that all dis
puted or contested claims payable out
j of such funds have been finally adjudi
cated.
The Surplus Fund shall be used for
the purposes . nd in the order follow
ing:
1. In payment of any final Judgment
against the City and County.
2. In liquidation and extinguish
ment, under such regulations as the
Supervisors may adopt, of any out
standing funded debt of the City and
County.
3. To be carried over and appor
tioned among the funds and used in
the ensuing fiscal year as part of the
income and revenue thereof.
Sec. 4. The Special Deposit Fund
shall consist of:
1. All moneys paid into court and
deposited with the Treasurer by the
County Clerk.
2. All moneys received by the Pub
lic Administrator and deposited by him
with the Treasurer.
3. All mon - s deposited with the
Treasurer on special deposit.
The moneys in the Special Deposit
Fund shall be paid out in the manner
prescribed by. lav.-.
Sec. 5. Except as otherwise provided
in this Charte- any moneys remaining
at the end of any fiscal year in any in
terest and sinking fund or a fund pro
vided by a special bond issue for a
specific purpose, the Common School
Fund, the Park Fund, the Library
Fund. the Firemen's Relief and Pen
sion Fund. Police Relief arid Pension
Fund, and the Public Building Fund
shall be carried forward and appor
tioned to said respective funds for the
ensuing fiscal year.
Sec. 6. Any demand against the
♦reasury or against any fund thereof
remaining unpaid at the end of the
fiscal year for lack of money applicable
to its payment, may be paid out of any
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AKD COTJKTY OF SA^ FRANCISCO.
money which may subsequently come
into the proper fund from delinquent
taxes or other uncollected income or
revenue for such year. Such demands
shall be paid out of such de.. .quent
revenue, when collected, in the order
of their registration.
Sec. 7. When there shall be to the
credit of any sinking fund in the treas
ury a sum not less than twenty thou
sand dollars which may be applied to
the redemption of any outstanding
bonds to which such fund is applicable,
which are not leueemable before their
maturity, it shall be the duty of the
Mayor, Auditor and Treasurer to ad
vertise for thirty days, inviting pro
posals for the surrender and redemp
tion of the bonds.
After such advertisement the money
in such Sinking Fund, or such portion
thereof as may be required therefor,
shall be awarded to the person or per
sons offering to surrender said bonds
for the lowest price. Upon such award,
when duly audited, the Treasurer shall,
upon the surrender of the bonds, pay
the amount to the person or persons to
whom the same was awarded. No bid
for the surrender of any of the bonds
shall be accepted, which shall require a
greater sum of money for their redemp
tion than the then worth of the princi
pal and interest of the bonds, calculat
ed with interest, not exceeding four per
centum per annum.
CHAPTER IH.
The Custody of Public Honeys.
SECTION 1. All moneys arising from
taxes, licenses, fees, fines, penalties and
forfeitures, and all moneys which may
be collected or received by any officer of
the City and County or any department
thereof, in his official capacity, for the
performance of any official duty, and
all moneys accruing to the City and
County from any source, and all
moneys directed by law or this Char
ter to be paid or deposited In the
treasury, shall be paid into the treas
ury. All officers or persons collecting
or receiving such moneys must pay the
same into the treasury. Xo officer or
person other than the Treasurer shall
pay out or disburse such moneys, or
any part thereof, upon any allowance,
claim or demand.
Sec. 2. Salaried officers shall not re
ceive nor accept any fee, payment, or
compensation directly or indirectly, for
any services performed by them in
their official capacity, nor any fee, pay
ment, or compensation, for any official
service performed by any of their dep
uties, clerks, or employees, whether
performed during or after official busi
ness hours. No deputy, clerk, or em
ployee of such officers shall receive or
accept any fee, compensation or pay
ment, other than his salary as now or
hereafter fixed by law, for any work or
service performed by him of any offi
cial nature, or under color of office,
whether performed during or after offi
cial business hours.
Sec. 3. Every fee, commission, per
centage, allowance, or other compensa
tion authorized by law to be charged,
received, or collected by any officer for
any official service, must bepaid by the
officer receiving the same to the Treas
urer in the manner herein provided.
Sec. 4. It shall be the duty of every
officer authorized by law to charge, re
ceive or collect any fee, commission,
percentage, allowance, or compensation
for the performance of any official serv
ice or duty of any kind or nature, or
rendered in any official capacity, or by
reason of any official duty or employ
ment, to deliver the same to the Treas
urer at the expiration of each business
day. The Treasurer shall thereupon
deliver to such officer a receipt for the
money so paid, which shall show the
amount of money received, the day and
hour when paid, the name of the officer
paying the same, the nature of the
service performed, and the name and
official designation of the person by
whom the service was performed; and
like entries shall be made upon the stub
of such receipt, which shall be kept by
the Treasurer. The Treasurer shall
place all such moneys in a fund to be
designated the "Unapportioned Fee
Fund," which is hereby created, and
shall keep such fund as other funds in
the treasury are kept, and shall be lia
ble on his official bond for all money so
received.
Sec. 5. The Auditor or other proper
officer must prepare and deliver from
time to time to the Treasurer, and to
every officer authorized by law to
charge any fee, commission, percent
age, allowance, or compensation, for
the performance of any official service
or duty, as many official receipts as
may be required, charging therewith
the Treasurer or other officer receiving
them. Such official receipts must be
bound into books containing not less
than one hundred such receipts, and
numbered consecutively, beginning
■with number one in each class required
for each officer for each fiscal year, and
provided with a stub corresponding In
number with receipt. When the books
containing receipts are exhausted by
the officer receiving them, he shall re
turn the stubs thereof to the Auditor or
other proper officer. In whose custody
they shall remain thereafter.
Sec. 6. When a receipt as herein
provided is issued by the Treasurer he
must state therein the date of pay
ment, the name of the person making
the payment, the amount of such pay
ment, the nature of the service for
which the charge Is made, and the
name and official designation of the of
ficer performing the service, and shall
make corresponding entries on the stub
of each receipt.
Sec. 7. When any receipt is Issued by
any officer other than the Treasurer as
herein provided, he shall state therein
the day and hour of the delivery to him
of the Treasurer's receipt, the nature of
the service therein described, and the
amount charged therefor, and the name
of the person by whom such receipt is
delivered to him, and shall make corre
sponding entries on the stub to which
such receipt Is attached.
Sec. 8. On the first day of each
month the Treasurer must make to the
Auditor a report under onth of all mon
eys received by him during the preced
ing month, showing the date and num
ber of the receipt on which the money
was received, the amount of each pay
ment, by -whom paid, the nature of the
service, and the name and official des
ignation of the officer performing the.
service. At the same time, or oftener,
if required by the Auditor, the Treas
urer shall exhibit to the Auditor all of
ficial receipts received by him during
the previous month, and all official re
ceipts remaining in his hands, unused
or not issued, at the close of business
on the last day of the preceding month.
Sec. 9. On the first day t>f each
month every officer authorized by law
to charge any fee, commission, per
centage, allowance or compensation,
must make to the Auditor a report
under oath of all official receipts issued
by him during the preceding month,
showing the date and number of each
receipt, to whom issued, the nature of
the service for which the charge was
made, and the amount of such charge;
and must at the same time, or oftener.
if required, exhibit to the Auditor, or
other proper officer, all the Treasurer's
receipts deposited with him during the
preceding month, and all receipts re
maining in his hands, unused or not
issued, at the close of business on the
last day of each preceding month.
Sec. 10. Upon receiving the reports
prescribed by sections eight and nine
of this Chapter, the Auditor shall exam
ine and settle the accounts of each offi
cer, and apportion such moneys to the
fund or funds to which they are appro
priated by law, and certify such appor
tionment to the Treasurer, who shall
thereupon transfer from the "Unappor
tioned Fee Fund" the amounts so certi
fied, and credit each fund entitled
thereto with the proper amount so ap
portioned.
Sec. 11. Every officer who is by law
allowed to charge and collect mileage
for the service of process, or other like
service, shall at the end of each month,
prepare and deliver to the AudltOT a
statement showing each process nerved,
the title of the cause, the name of the
deputy or other subordinate officer who
made the service, the number of miles
actually traveled in making such ser
vice, the exact day when such service
was made, and between what hours of
the day, and such statement shall be j
verified by the oath of such officer. The !
Auditor shall examine such statement,
and issue his warrant upon the Treas
urer for such amount of money as will
reimburse such officer for his lawful
expenses in making such service. Such
warrant shall be paid by the Treasurer,
without further approval, out of the |
"Unapportioned Fee Fund." No extra j
mileage shall be charged or allowed for I
service of two or more processes served !
on the same trip by the same deputy |
or deputies, except for extra mileage
actually traveled in serving additional
process. All mileage charged in viola- !
tion of this section shall be disallowed
by the Auditor, and all amounts disal
lowed for any reason shall be appor
tioned as other moneys in the "Unap
portioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 12. When an officer, legally au
thurifced to employ a person other than
one of his deputies or assistants at a
stated compensation fixed by law, has
employed such person, and in pursu
ance of such employment such person
has rendered the service for which he
was employed, such officer shall, at the
end of each month, prepare and deliver
to the Auditor a statement verified by
the oath of such officer, showing the
case or instance in which such service
was performed, for whom performed,
the name of the person so employed, by
whom the service was performed,
the amount of the charge therefor, the
time actually employed in performing
such service, and the dates of the be
ginning and ending of the period during
which such person was so employed.
The Auditor shall thereupon examine
such statement, and if he finds the
same correct, he shall audit and allow
the verified demand of such person so
employed and performing the service
for the sum or sums so earned by him
for such service, and the Treasurer
shall pay such demand so audited and
allowed, without further approval, out
of the "Unapportioned Fee Fund."
Sec. 13. The demand of the Auditor
for his monthly salary shall be audited
and allowed by the Mayor. All other
demands on account of salaries fixed by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
made payable out of the treasury, may
be allowed by the AuditoT without any
previous approval. All demands pay
able out of the Common School Fund
must, before they can be allowed or
paid, be previously approved by the
Board of Education. Demands pay
able out of the treasury for salaries,
wages, or compensation of deputies,
clerks, assistants, or employees, in any
office or department, must, before they
can be audited or paid, be first ap
proved in writing by the officer, board,
department or authority under whom,
or in which, such demand originated.
All other demands payable out of any
funds in the treasury, must, before they
can be allowed by the Auditor, or- rec
ognized, or paid, be first approved by
the department, board or officer, in
which the same has originated, and in
all such cases must be approved by the
Supervisors.
Every demand against the City and
County shall, in addition to the other
entries and indorsements unon the
same required by this Charter, show:
1. The ordinance or authorization un
der which the same was allowed. 2.
The name of the board, department or
authority authorizing the same. 3.
The fiscal year within which the in
debtedness was Incurred. 4. The ap
propriation provided to meet the de
mand. 6. The name of the specific
fund out of which the demand is pay
able. Each demand shall have written
or printed upon it a statement that the
same can only be paid out of the in
come and revenue provided, collect
ed and paid into the proper spe
cific fund in the treasury for the
fiscal year within which the indebted
ness was incurred, and shall refer to
Chapter II of this Article, and be num
bered with reference to the fund out
of which it is payable.
Sec. 14. Whenever any person has, or
has received, moneys or other personal
property belonging to the City and
County, or has been intrusted with flic
collection, management or disburse
ment of any moneys, bonds, or interest
accruing therefrom, belonging to or
held in trust by the City and County,
and fails to render an account thereof
to, and make settlement with, the
Treasurer within the time prescribed
by law; or, when no particular time is
specified, fails to render such account
and make such settlement, or who fails
to pay into the treasury any moneys
belonging to the City and County upon
being requested to do so by the Audi
tor, within twenty days :.fter such
requisition, the Auditor must state an
account with such person, charging
twenty-five per centum damages, and
interest at the rate of ten per centum
per annum from the time of such fail
ure.
A copy of such account In any suit
therein is prima facie evidence of the
things therein stated. In case the Au
ditor cannot for want of information
state an account, he may in any action
brought by him aver that fact, and al
lege generally the amount of money or
other property which is due to or which
belongs to the City and County. The
City Attorney must prosecute all ac
tions that may be brought under this
section within ten days after notifica
tion by the Auditor.
CHAPTEK IV.
Payment of Claims.
SECTION 1. The salaries and com
pensation of all officers, Including po
licemen and employes of all classes, and
all teachers in the public schools, and
others employed at fixed wages, shall
be payable monthly. Any demand upon
the treasury accruing under this
Charter shall not be paid, but shall be
forever barred by limitation of time,
unless the same be presented for pay
ment, properly audited, within one
month after such demand became due
and payable; or, if It be a demand
which must be passed and approved by
the Supervisors or Board of Education,
or by any other Board, then within one
month after the first regular meeting
of the proper board held next after the
demand accrued; or, unless the Super
visors shall, within six months after
the demand accrued as aforesaid, on a
careful examination of the facts, re
solve that the same is in all respects
just and legal, and the presentation
of it, as above required, was not in
the power either of the original party
interested or his agent, or the present
holder; in which case they may by, or
dinance revive such claim; but it shall
be barred in the same manner unless
presented for payment within twenty
days thereafter. No valid demand aris
ing subsequent to the claim which may
be revived as aforesaid shall be ren
dered invalid by reason of such revival
exhausting the fund out of which sub
sequent claims might otherwise be
paid. Such revived claim shall take
rank as of the day of its revival.
ABTICLE IV.
EXECUTIVE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Mayor.
SECTION 1. The chief executive offi
cer of the City and County shall be des
ignated the Mayor. He shall be an
elector of the City and County at the
time of his election, and must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such time. He shall be
elected by the people and holri offW
for two years. He shall receive an
annual salary of six thousand dollars.
He may appoint a Secretary who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
four hundred dollars; an usher who
shall receive an annual salary of nine
hundred dollars; and a stenographer
and typewriter who shall receive an
annual salary of nine hundred dollars.
All of said appointees shall hold their
positions at the pleasure of the Mayor.
Sec. 2. The Mayor shall vigilantly
observe the official conduct of all
j public officers and, the manner in
which they execute their duties and
! fulfill their obligations. The books,
records and official papers of all depart
ments, officers and persons in the em
ploy of the City and County shall at all
; times be open to his inspection and ex
amination. He shall take special care
I that the books and records of all de
! partments, boards, officers and persons
iare kept in legal and proper form.
j When any official defalcation or witt-
I ful neglect of duty or official miscon
i duct shall come to his knowledge, he
j shall suspend the delinquent officer or
| person from office pending an official mi
i vestigation.
The Mayor shall from time to time
recommend to the proper officers of
the different departments such meas
ures as he may deem beneficial to pub
lic interest. He shall see that the laws
of thf; State and ordinances of the City
and County are observed and enforced.
' He shall have a general supervision
! over all the departments and public
j institutions of the City and County,
i and see that they are honestly, eco
° nomically and lawfully conducted, and
1 shall have the right to attend the meet
: ings of any of the Boards provided for
in this Charter, and offer suggestions
at such meetings. He shall take all
i proper measures for the preservation
of public order and the suppression of
: all riots and tumults, for which pur
pose he may use and command the po
lice force. If such police force is in
! sufficient, he shall call upon the Gov-
e rnor for military aid In the manner
provided by law, so that such riots or
tumults may be promptly and effectu
ally suppressed.
Sec. 3. The Mayor shall see that all
contracts and agreements with the City
and County are faithfully kept and
' fully performed. It shall be the duty
I of every officer and person in the em
! ploy or service of the City and County,
i whea it shall come to his knowledge
that any contract or agreement with
the City and County, or with any offi
cer or department thereof, or relating
to the business of any office, has been
or is about to be violated by the other
contracting party, forthwith to report
to the Mayor all facts and information
within his possession concerning such
matter. A willful failure to do so shall
be cause for the removal of such officer
!or employee. The Mayor shall give a
certificate on demand to any person
! reporting such facts and information
! that he has done so, and such certifi
! cate shall be evidence in exoneration
I from a charge of neglect of duty.
The Mayor must institute such ac
j tions or proceedings as may be neces
; sary to revoke, cancel or annul allfran
i chises that may have been granted by
Uhe City and County to any person, com
pany or corporation which have been
forfeited in whole or in part or which
for any reason are illegal and void and
not binding upon the city. The City
i Attorney on demand of the Mayor
i must institute and prosecute the neces
sary actions to enforce the provisions
of this section.
The Mayor shall hare power to post
| pone final action on. any franchise that
I may be passed by the Supervisors until
! such proposed franchise shall be rati
j fled or rejected by a majority of the
votes cast on the question at the next
election.
Sec. 4. The Mayor ehall appoint all
officers of the City and County whose
election or appointment Is not other-
I wise specially provided for in this
; Charter or by law. When a vacancy
j occurs in any office, and provision is
I not otherwise made in this Charter or
j by law for filling the same, the Mayor
shall appoint a suitable person to fill
such vacancy, who shall hold office for
the remainder of the unexpired term.
Sec. 5. The Mayor shall be President
of the Board of Supervisors by virtue
of his office. He may call extra ses
sions of the Board and shall commu
nicate to them in writing the objects
for which they have been convened;
and their acts at such sessions shall
be confined to such objects.
Sec. 6. When and so long as the
Mayor ia temporarily unable to per
form his duties, a member of theßoard
shall be chosen President pro tempore,
who shall act as euch Mayor. When a
vacancy occurs In the office of Mayor,
It shall be filled for the unexpired term
by the Supervisors.
CHAPTER lL
The Auditor.
SECTION 1. The head of the Finance
Department of the City and County
shall be designated the Auditor. He
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
must have been such for at least five
years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars. The Auditor must always know
the exact condition of the treasury and
every demand upon it. He shall be In
personal attendance at his office daily
during office hours. He shall be the
general accountant of the City and
County, and shall receive and preserve
In his office all accounts, books,
vouchers, documents and papers relat
ing to the accounts and contracts of
the City and County, its debts, reve
nues and other financial affairs. He
shall give Information as to the exact
condition of the treasury and of every
appropriation and fund thereof, upon
demand of the Mayor, the Supervisors,
or any committee or members thereof.
Sec. 2. The Auditor shall appoint a
Deputy Auditor, who shall possess the
qualifications required of the Auditor,
and who shall receive an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars. The
Auditor may also appoint two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars, and two clerks who shall each re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars. He may employ such
number of extra clerks during the time
their services may be necessary for the
lawful discharge of his official duties,
as the Board of Supervisors may des
ignate. Such extra clerks shall receive
a salary not to exceed one hundred dol
lars a month for the time they shall be
actually employed. The Auditor shall
be allowed to expend not exceeding
eighteen hundred dollars a year for
counsel and attorney's fees.
Sec. 3. The Auditor shall keep an ac
count of all moneys paid into and out
of the treasury, and the Treasurer shall
pay no money out of the treasury ex
cept upon demands approved by the
Auditor. Any ordinance or law provid
ing for the payment of any demand out
of the treasury or any fund thereof
(whether from public funds or from pri
vate funds deposited therein) shall al
ways be construed as requiring the au
diting of such demand by the Auditor
before the same be paid.
Sec. 4. He shall number and keep an
official record of all demands audited by
him, showing the number, date,
amount, name of the original holder,
on what account allowed, against what
appropriation drawn, out of what fund
payable, and, if previously approved
or allowed, by what officer, department
or. board it has been so approved or al
lowed. It shall be misconduct in office
for the Auditor to deliver a demand
with his official approval until this re
quirement shall have been complied
with.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall approve no
demand unless the same has been al
lowed by every officer, board, depart
ment and committee required to act
thereon.
Sec. 6. No demand shall be allowed
by the Auditor in favor of any corpora
tion or person In any manner indebted
to the City and County, except for
taxes not delinquent, without first de
ducting the amount of any Indebted
ness of which he has notice; nor in fa
vor of any person having the collection,
custody or disbursement of public
funds, unless his account has been pre
sented, passed, approved and allowed
as herein required; nor In favor of any
officer who has neglected to make his
official returns or reports in the man
ner and at the time required by law,
ordinance, or the regulations of the Su
pervisors; nor in favor of any officer
who has neglected or refused to
comply with any of the provisions of
law regulating his duties, nor in favor
of any officer or employee for the time
he shall have absented himself without
legal cause from the duties of his office
during office hours. The Auditor must
always examine on oath any person re
ceiving a salary from the City and
County touching such absence.
The Auditor may require any person
presenting for settlement an account or
claim for any cause against the City
and County to be sworn before him
touching such account or claim, and
when so sworn, to answer orally as to
any facts relative to the justice of such
account or claim. Moneys placed in
the Special Deposit Fund shall not be
subject to the provisions of this sec
tion.
Sec. 7. Every demand upon the
Treasurer, except the salary of the Au
ditor, must, before it can be paid, be
presented to the Auditor, who shall sat
isfy himself whether the money is le
gally due, and its payment authorized
by law, and against what appropriation
payable and out of what fund it is pay
able. If he allow it, he shall endorse
upon it the word "Allowed," with the
name of the fund out of which it is
payable, and the date of such allow
ance, and sign his name thereto. No
demand shall be approved, allowed, au
dited or paid unless it specify each spe
cial item, date and amount composing
it, and refer by chapter and section to
the provisions of this Charter authoriz
ing the same.
Sec. 8. The Auditor shall keep a reg
ister of warrants, showing the funds
upon which they are drawn, the num
ber, in whose favor, for what service,
the appropriation applicable to the pay
ment thereof, when the liability ac
crued, and a receipt from the person
to whom the warrant is delivered. He
shall not allow any demand out of its
order, nor give priority to one demand
over another drawn upon the same spe
cific fund, except for the purpose of de
termining its legality.
CHAPTER IIL
The Treasurer.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Treas
urer of the City and County, who shall
be an elector of the City and County
at the time of his election and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such time. He shall
be elected by the people, and hold his
office ' for two years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all his services. He may ap
point a chief deputy who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun
dred dollars, two assistant deputies
who shall each receive an annual sal
ary of eighteen hundred dollars and
one clerk who shall receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Treasurer shall receive
and safely keep all moneys which shall
be paid into the treasury. He shall not
lend, exchange, use, nor deposit the
same, or any part thereof, to or with
any bank, banker or person; nor pay
out any part of such moneys, nor allow
the same to pass out of his personal
custody, except upon demands author
ized by law or this Charter, and after
they shall have been approved by the
Auditor. At the close of business each
day he shall take an account of and en
ter In the proper book the exact amount
of money on hand. At the end of every
month he shaU make and file with the
Mayor and publish quarterly in the offi
cial newspaper a statement of the con
dition of the treasury, showing the
amount of receipts into and pay
ments from the treasury, and
on what account, and out of
what fund. If he violate any of the
provisions of this section, he shall be
guilty of misconduct in office, and be
liable to removal therefrom, and be pro
ceeded against accordingly.
He shall keep the accounts belonging
to each fund separate and distinct, and
shall in no case pay demands chargea
ble against one fund out of moneys be
longing to another. He shall be in per
sonal attendance at his office each day
during office hours. No fees of any
kind shall be retained by him, but the
same, from whatsoever source received
or derived, shall be paid by him Into
the treasury.
Sec. 3. For the better security of the
moneys in the treasury, there shall be
provided a joint custody safe in which
shall be kept the moneys of the City
and County. Said safe shall have two
combination locks, neither one of
which alone will open the safe. The
Treasurer shall have the knowledge
of one combination and the Auditor of
the other. The Auditor shall be Joint
custodian with the Treasurer of all
funds in the joint custody safe; but
shall have no control over them except
to open and close the safe in conjunc
tion with the Treasurer, when request
ed to do so in his official capacity, and
shall not be held responsible on his of
cial bond for any shortage which may
occur in the treasury.
The gold shall be kept In bags con
taining twenty thousand dollars each,
and the silver in bags containing one
thousand dollars each. To each bag
shall be attached a tag showing the
nature and amount of coin contained
herein. Each bag shall be sealed with
the seal of each custodian.
There shall be kept in the safe a Joint
custody book, showing the amount and
description of all funds in the safe,
and whenever any amounts are with
drawn, the Auditor and Treasurer shall
make the proper entry in the joint cus
tody book and initial the same. If on
account of sickness or urgent necessity
the Auditor »«■ unavoidably absent the
Deputy Auditor shall perform his du
ties. The estimated amount of money
required daily for the payment of de
mands against the treasury shall be
taken from the joint custody safe and
kept In another safe; and the money
therein shall be balanced dally at the
close of business hours.
Sec. 4. The Treasurer, on receiving
any money into the treasury, shall
make out and sign two receints for the
money. Such receipts shall be alike,
except upon the face of one of them
shall appear the word "Original," and
upon the face of the other shall appear
the word "Duplicate." Such receipts
shall be numbered and dated, and shall
specify the amount, on what account
and from what person or officer re
ceived, and into what fund or on what
account paid. The Treasurer shall en
ter upon the stubs of such receipts a
memorandum of the contents thereof,
and deliver the receipt marked "Orig
inal" to the person or officer paying
such money into the treasury, and
forthwith deliver the receipt marked
"Duplicate" to the Auditor, who shall
write upon its face the dn.te of Its de
livery to him, and charge the Treas
urer with the amount specified there
in, and file the receipt in his office.
Sec. 5. No demand shall be paid by
the Treasurer unless it specify each
several item, date and amount compos
ing it, and refer by title, date and
section to the law, or ordinance or pro
vision of this Charter authorizing the
same: but the allowance or approval of
the Auditor, or of the Supervisors, or
of any department, board or officer, of
any demand which is not authorized
by law or this Charter, and which upon
Its face appears not to have,, been ex
pressly made payable out of the funds
to be charged therewith, shall afford no
warrant to the Treasurer for paying
the same.
Sec. 6. Every lawful demand upon
the treasury, audited and allowed as in
this Charter required, shall in all cases
be paid unon presentation, if there be
sufficient money In the treasury ap
plicable to the payment of such de
mand, and on ~^-ment canceled with
a punch, cutting the word "Canceled"
therein, and the proper entry thereof
made. If, however, there be not suffi
cient money so applicable, then it shall
be registered In a book kept for that
purpose by the Treasurer. Such regis
ter shall show the special number given
by the Supervisors or other authority,
and also by the Auditor to each. da-.
mand presented, also when presented,
the date, amount, name of original
holder, and on what account allowed
and against what appropriation drawn
and out of what specific fund payable.
All demands shall be paid in the order
of their registration. Each demand
upon being so registered shall be re
turned to the party presenting it, with
the endorsement of the word "Register
ed," and dated and signed by the
Treasurer; but the registration of any
demand shall not operate to recognize
or make valid such demand if incurred
contrary to any of the provision* of
this Charter.
CHAPTER IV.
The Assessor.
SECTION 1. There shall be an As
sessor of the City and County, who
( shall be an elector of the City and
| County at the time of his election and
j who must have been such for at least
I five years next preceding such time. He
i shall be elected by the people and hold
| office for four years. He shall receive
an annual salary of four thousand dol
| lars, which shall be in full compensa
i tion for all his services. He may ap
i point a chief deputy who shall receive
! an annual salary of twenty-four hun
i dred dollars; one cashier who shall re
j ceive an annual salary of eighteen
j hundred dollars; six assistant deputies
j who shall each receive an annual sal
j ary erf eighteen hundred dollars; twen
• ty-one clerks who shall each receive
|an annual salary of twelve hundred
! dollars; and during four months of the
j year not more than one hundred clerks
i who shall each be paid at the rate of
I not more than one hundred dollars a
i month during the time of their employ
ment.
Sec. 2. The Assessor shall assess all
taxable property within the City and
County at the time and in the manner
prescribed by the general laws of th»
State. _
CHAPTER V.
The Tax Collector.
SECTION 1. There shall be & Tax
Collector of the City and County, who
shall be an elector of the City and
County at the time of his election and
who must have been such for at least
five years next preceding such time. He
shall be elected by the people and hold
! office for two years. He shall receive
' an annual salary of four thousand dol-
I lars, which shall be in full compensa
i tion for all his services. He may appoint
| one chief deputy, who shall receive an
1 annual salary of twenty-four hundred
i dollars; one cashier who shall receive
an annual salary of twenty-four hun-
I dred dollars; fifteen deputies who shall
! each receive an annual salary of fifteen
f"" 1 ed dollars, and extra clerks who
each be paid at the rate of not '
than one hundred dollars a
i during the time of their em
ent, but the total amount of
mt for such extra clerks shall
cceed thirty-six thousand dollars
a year.
Sec. 2. The Tax Collector must col
lect all licenses which may at any tiny*
be required by law or ordinance to be
collected within the City and County.
He shall be charged with all taxes lev
led upon real and personal property
within the City and County, upon th«
final settlement to be made by him ac
cording to law, or this Charter. H«
shall pay into the treasury, without
any deduction for commissions, fees or
charges of any kind or on any ac
count, the full amount of all taxes, as
sessments and moneys received by him,
and not previously "paid over, includ
ing all moneys paid under protest, and
money received for taxes paid more
than once, and for street assessments.
He shall also be charged with, and be
debtor to the City and County for, the
full amount of all taxes due upon th«
delinquent tax list delivered to him for
collection, unless it appear to the satis
faction of the Supervisors expressed by
resolution, that it was out of his power
to collect the same by levy and sale of
property liable to be seized and sold
therefor.
Sec. 3. The Tax Collector may ap
point an attorney to prosecute actions
for the collection of delinquent taxes,
and may agree on paying him as com
pensation therefor a stated percentage
out of the amounts recovered; but such
percentage shall in no case exceed fif
teen per centum of the amounts re
covered.
Sec. 4. He shall examine all persons
liable to pay licenses, and see that
licenses are taken out and paid for. In
the performance of their official duties,
he and his deputies shall have the
same powers as police officers in serv
ing process and in making arrests. He
may demand the exhibition of any
license for the current term from any
person, firm or corporation engaged or
employed in the transaction of any
business for which a license is re
quired; and if such person, firm or
corporation shall refuse or neglect to
exhibit such license, the same may b»
revoked forthwith by the Tax Collec
tor.
Sec. 5. The Auditor shall from tlm«
to time deliver to the Tax Collector
such City and County licenses as may
be required, and sign the same and
charge them to the Tax Collector, spec
ifying in the charge the amounts
thereof named In such licenses respec
tively and the class of licenses, and
take receipts therefor, and the Tax
Collector shall sign and collect ths
same. The Tax Collector shall once In
every month, and oftener when re
quired by the Auditor, make to the
Auditor a report under oath of all
licenses sold and on hand, and of all
amounts paid to the Treasurer, and
shall also in that regard comply with
the regulations which may be pre
scribed by the Supervisors. At the time
of making such report, the Tax Collec
tor shall exhibit to the Auditor all
licenses on hand and the Treasurer's
receipts for all moneys paid into the
treasury.
CHAPTER VI.
The Coroner.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Coro
ner of the City and County.who shall be
an elector of the City and County at
the time of his election, and who must
have been such for at least five years
next preceding such election. He shall
be elected by the people and hold office
for two years. He shall receive an an
nual salary of four thousand dollars.
He shall perform such duties as may
be prescribed by law or ordinance. He
shall have the control and manage
ment of the Morgue of the City and
County under such ordinances as the
Supervisors may adopt.
Sec. 2. He may appoint an autopsy
physician who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars;
a chl f deputy, who shall receive an an
nual ;alaryof twenty-four hundred dol
lars; three assistant deputies who shall
each receive an annual salary of fifteen
hundred dollars: a stenographer and
typewriter who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars; and
a messenger who shall receive an an
nual salary of nine hundred dollart.
CHAPTER VIL
The Recorder.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Re
corder of the City and County,
who shall be an elector of the
City and County at the time of
his election and who must have
been such for at least five years next
preceding such election. ,He shall be
elected by the pc >ple and hold office
for two years.. He shall receive an an
nual salary of thirty-six hundred dol
lars. He may appoint a Chief Deputy,
who shall receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; two assist
ant deputies who shall each receive an
annual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars. He may also appoint as many
copyists as he may deem necessary,
who shall receive not more than eight
cents for each one hundred words ac
tually written; but no copyist shall be
paid a greater compensation at this
rate than amounts in the aggregate to
one hundred dollars a month.
Bee 2. The Recorder shall take Intohis custody and safely keep all books,
records, maps and papers deposited in
his office. Upon demand and payment
of the fees prescribed therefor by law
or by ordinance, he must furnish to
any one applying therefor a copy of
any such book, record, map or paper,
certified under the hand and seal of his
office. When any papers are presented
for filing or recording, he or his depu
ties shall write on the margin of each
paper so presented the number of folios,
the amount pauu for recording the
same, and shail number consecutively
all instruments and documents filed in
his office. He shall also perform all
other duties at the time and in the
manner prescribed by the general laws
of the State.
ARTICLE V.
LEGAL DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
The Superior Court Judges.
SECTION 1. The Judges of the Su
perior Court of the City an~ County
may appoint not to exceed five inter
preters of foreign languages, who shall
act as such interpreters in criminal ac
tions ana proceedings in all the courts
In the City and County, and in exam
inations before Coroner's Juries.
Sec. 2. The stenographers :n the
Criminal Departments of the Superior
Court shall ea~h receive an annual
salary not exceeding twenty-four hun
dred dollars which shall be in full
compensation for all services including
transcription and all stationery used
by them.
CHAPTER H.
Tho City Attorney.
SECTION 1. There shall be an Attor
ney and Counselor of the City and
County, who shall be styled City At
torney, and \. -o shall receive an an
nual salary of five thousand dollars.
He BhaJl be elected by the people and
Bhall hold office for the period of two
years. He must be t the time of his
election an elector of the City and
County and qualiiied to practice In all
the courts of this State, and he must
have been so qualified for at least ten
years next preceding his election, dur
ing five years of which he must have
been an actual resident of the City and
County. He sha- devote his entire time
and attention to the duties of his office.
Sec. 2. He must prosecute and de
fend for the City and County all ac
tions at law or in equity, and all spe
cial proceedings for or against th.c City
and County; and whenever any cause
of action at law or in equity or by spe
cial proceed! ri - exists in favor of the
City and County, he shall commence
the same when within his knowledge,
and if not within his knowledge, when
directed to do so by resolution of the
Supervisors. He shall give legal ad
vice, in writing, to all officers, boards
and commissions named in this Char
ter, when requested so to do by them,
or either of them, in writing, upon
questions arising in febeir separate de
partments involving the rights or lia
bilities of the Cit- and County. He
shall not settle or dismiss any litiga
tion for or against the City and County
under his control unless upon his writ
ten recommendation he is ordered to
do so b - the Mayor ai\d Supervisors.
Sec. 3. He shall keep on file in his
office all written communications and
opinions given by him to any officer,
board or department; the briefs and
transcripts used in causes wherein he
appears; and bound books of record
and registry of all actions or proceed
ings in his charge in which the City
and County is interested.
Pec. 4. He : hall deliver all books
and records, reports, documents, pa
pers, statutes, law books and property
of every description in his possession,
belonging to his office, or to the City
and County, to his successor in office,
who shall ~ive him duplicate receipts
therefor, one of which he shall file
with the Auditor.
Sec. 5. The City Attorney may ap
point four assistants," the first of whom
shall receive an annual salary of
thirty-six hundred dollars; the second j
an annual salary of three thousand
dollars; the third an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars, and the
fourth an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. - He may also appoint
a chief clerk, wh ■ shall receive an an
nual salary of eighteen hundred dol
lars; an assistant clerk who shall re
ceive an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars; a stenographer and typewriter
who shall receive an annual salary of
nine hundred dollars; and a messen
ger who shall receive an annual salary
of nine hundred dollars. An officer of
the Police Department shall be perma
nently detailed by the Chief of PohVe
for the purpose of doing the detective
work necessary in preparing and
prosecuting the litigation of the office,
who shall continue to serve on such de
tail during the pleasure of the City At
torney. The assistants and the chief
clerk must each, at the time of his ap
pointment, be qualified to practice in
all the courts of this State, and must
have been so qualified at least two
years next preceding his appointment.
The assistants, clerks, typewriter and
messenger shall be appointed by the
City Attorney, and shall hold their
offices at his pleasure, and the specific
duties of each shall be prescribed by
him. .- .--
CHAPTER 111.
The District Attorney.
SECTION 1. The District Attorney
shall be elected by the people and shall
hold office for two years'. He shall be
an elector of the City and County and
must at the time of his election be
qualified to practice in all the courts
of this State, and must have been so
qualified for . t least five years next
preceding his election. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of five thou
sand dollars.
Sec. 2. The . District Attorney shall
have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the District Attorneys of coun
ties by the general laws of this State,
and in addition thereto shall attend, in
stitute and conduct on behalf of the
people, all prosecutions cognizable in
the Police Cjurt of the City and
County. He F*Tii] draw all complaints
and warrants in said Police Court,
prosecute all forfeited recognizances
therein, and all actions for the recovery
of fines, penalties, and. forfeitures ac
cruing to the City and County; deliver
receipts for money or property received
in his official capacity, and file dupli
cates therefor with the County Treas
urer: file with tfcb Auditor on the first
Mondays of January, April, July and
October in each year, an itemized
statement under oath showing all
moneys received by. him in his official
capacity durlr~ the preceding three
months; keep a register of his official
business in which must be entered a
note of every action, whether. criminal
or civil, prosecuted officially by him j
and of the proceeding therein; and
give, when required, without: fee, ad
vice to the Board of Police Commis
sioners, the Chief of Police, the Board
of Health and the Coroner; upon mat
ters relating to the duties of their re
spective offices.
. Pec. 3. He may appoint seven Assist
ant District Attorneys to aid him In the j
discharge of his official duties, three of'
■whom shall act as prosecutors in . the
Superior Court, and shall each receive
an annual salary of thirty-six; hundred
dollars, and fqur of whom shall act as
the prosecuting attorneys of the Police
Court, and shall each receive an annual
salary .of twenty-f our | hundred dollars.
When any of the assistants of the Dis
trict Attorney; acting as such prosecut
ing attorneys ; in • the Police . Court are
Hot actually engaged in work connected
With prosecutions therein, they shall bo
at the call of the District Attorney, for
any service connected with his depart
ment The assistants must each, at the
time of his appointment, be qualified to
practice in all the courts of this State,
and i must have been so qualified. for at
least two years next, preceding his ap
pointment. r;« The District 'Attorney, may
al/o appoint one chief clerk, who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars; one assistant clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars; and one sten
i ographer and typewriter who shall re
, ceiva an annual salary of nine hundred
dollars.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney may, in
■ the name of the City and County, bid
for and purchase property at execution
i sales under judgments for the recovery
| of fines, penalties or forfeitures accru
| ing to the City and County.
CHAPTER IV.
The Public Administrator.
SECTION 1. The Public Administra
tor shall be elected by the people, and
he shall hold office for two years. He
shall have all the powers conferred, and
shall discharge all the duties imposed
upon, the Public Administrators of
counties by the general laws of this
State, except as in this Charter other
wise specifically provided. He shall be
entitled to all such fees as may be al
lowed by law to the Public Administra
tors of the counties of the State in full
compensation for all his services.
CHAPTER V.
The County Clerk.
SECTION 1. The County Clerk shall
be elected by the people and shall hold
office for two years. He shall have all
the powers conferred, and shall dis
charge all the duties imposed upon, the
County Clerks of counties by the gen
eral laws of this State, and in addition
thereto shall attend and act as Clerk of
the Police Court, keep the dockets and
registers thereof, and take charge of
and safely keep all books, papers and
records which may be filed or deposited
in his office pertaining to the Police
Court. He shall receive an annual sal
ary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. To aid him in the discharge of
his official duties, the County Clerk
may appoint a Chief Register Clerk,
who shall receive an annual salary of
twenty-four hundred dollars; a Cash
ier, who shall receive an annual salary
of eighteen hundred dollars; twelve
Courtroom Clerks for the Superior
Court who shall each receive an an
nual salary of fifteen hundred dol
lars; five Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
eighteen hundred dollars; ten As
sistant Register Clerks, who shall
each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars; sixteen Copy
ists, who shall each receive an annual
salary of twelve hundred dollars; and
four Clerks for the Police Court, who
shall each receive an annual salary of
fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. For copies of papers furnish
ed and certified by him, he shall charge
not more than eight cents for each one
hundred words. For certifying copies,
which are not prepared by him, he
shall be entitled to charge twenty-five
cents, and also forty cents an hour for
the time exceeding one hour necessarily
occupied in comparing sucn copies. He
must certify all papers presented to
him which are copies of any document,
paper or record, or portions thereof, in
his custody.
CHAPTEB VX
The Sheriff.
SECTION 1. The Sheriff shall be
| elected by the people, and he shall hold
j office for two years. He shall receive
I an annual salary of eight thousand dol
j lars, which shall be in full compensa
tion for all official services required of
him by law; but said salary shall be
exclusive of the compensation received
by him from the State for the delivery
of prisoners to the State prisons, and
I insane persons to the State asylums for
] the inea.ne. He shall have all the pow
ers conferred, and shall discharge all
the duties imposed upon, the Sheriffs
of counties by the general laws of this
State.
Sec. 2. He may appoint the follow
ing deputies and employees, who shall
each respectively receive the following
annual salaries:
One Under Sheriff, twenty-four hun
| dred dollars; one Attorney, eighteen
i hundred dollars; one Chief Bookkeeper,
| eighteen hundred dollars; two Assistant
I Bookkeepers, fifteen hundred dollars;
j ten Office Deputies, fifteen hundred dol
lars; fourteen Bailiffs, twelve hundred
dollars; one Chief Jailer at Branch Jail
Number One, eighteen hundred dollars;
ten Jailers at Branch Jail Number One,
twelve hundred dollars; one Superin
tendent of Branch Jails Numbers Two
and Three, eighteen hundred dollars;
sixteen Guards at Branch Jail Number
'■ Two, six hundred dollars; one Matron
jat Branch Jail Number Three, nine
| hundred dollars; six Guards at Branch
Jail Number Three, six hundred dol
lars; one Commissary to act for all
jails, fifteen hundred dollars; one
I Driver of Van, nine hundred dollars;
i and one Bookkeeper, for all said Branch
i Jails, fifteen hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Sheriff may designate the
i services to be performed by hl3 depu
! tiea. *
CHAPTER VIL
The Justices' Courts.
SECTION 1. The Justices of the
Peace shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars,
except the Presiding Justice, who shall
receive an annual salary of twenty
seven hundred dollars. They shall ap
point a Chief Clerk who shall hold
office for two years and receive an an
nual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars. The Chief Clerk may appoint
five Deputies, each of whom shall re
ceive an annual salary of twelve hun
dred dollars.
CHAPTER VIII.
The Police Court.
SECTION" 1. There is hereby created
and established in and for the City and
County of San Francisco a Court to be
known as the Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco. Said
Court shall consist of four Judges, who
shall be elected by the people and hold
office for four years. They si all each
receive an annual salary of thirty-six
hundred dollars. They shall be electors
of the City and County at the time of
their election, and must have been such
for at least five years next preceding
such time. No person shall be eligible
to the office of Judge of the Police
Court who is not at the time of his elec
tion qualified to practice in all the
Courts of this State, and who has not
been bo qualified for at least five years
next preceding his election. The Court
shall be divided into departments
known as Department Number One,
Department Number Two, Depart
ment Number Three and Department
Number Four. The Judges of such
Court may hold as many sessions of the
Court at the same time as there are
Judges thereof. The Judges who shall
be elected at the first election under
this Chatter shall so classify them
selves by lot that two of them shall go
out of -office in two years and two of
them in four years.
Thf-y shall choose fromtheirnumbera
Presiding Judge who shall serve for one
year. The Presiding Judge shall as
sign the Judges to their respective de
partments; but any of the Judges may
i pr« Side in any of the departments in
the absence or inability of the Judge
regulttrly assigned thereto.
The judgments, orders and proceed
ings of any session of the Court held by
any one or more of tho Judges shall be
j equally effectual as if all the Judges
i had presided at such sossion.
Sec. 2. The Police Court of the City
and County of San Francisco shall
have:
First— Exclusive jurisdiction of all
prosecutions for the violation of or
dinances of tho Board of Supervisors
Second— Concurrent jurisdiction with
tho Superior C<rurt of all other misde
meanors and of the examination of all
felonies committed in the City and
Coii£ty.
TTird— Said Court, or any Judge
thereof, shall have the same powers In
all criminal actions, cases, examina
tions and proceedings as are now or
CHARTER FOB THE CITY A"ND COUNTY OJf SAJV FRANCISCO.
may hereafter be conferred by law
upon Justices of the Peace.
Sec. 3. Proceedings in said Court
shall be conducted in accordance with
the laws of this State regulating pro
ceedings in Justices' and Police Courts
and appeals to the Superior Court; and
said Court or any Judge thereof shall
have the same power in all criminal
actions, cases and proceedings as are
now or may be hereafter conferred by
the general law of this State upon Jus
tices of the Peace; provided, that:
First— No case shall be dismissed or
fine imposed until the testimony for the
prosecution shall be taken.
Second— Any defendant who neglects
to file his statement on appeal within
ten days after sentence shall lose his
right to appeal, unless good cause for
the delay be shown by affidavit. Press
of business on the part of defendant's
attorney shall not be deemed good
cause for delay. Unless the District
Attorney shall file amendments to the
proposed statement on appeal within
five days after the same shall have
been filed and served, the proposed
statement on appeal shall be the state
ment on appeal. The Judge before
whom the case was tried shall settle
the statement on appeal within five
days after the District Attorney shall
have filed his amendments to the pro
posed, statement.
Third. — Any person who shall solicit
or Importune any of said Judges, either
before or after judgment, to dismiss a
case, or mitigate a sentence, unless the
same be done in open court, shall be
guilty of a contempt of court.
Fourth — A complaint may be demur
red to on the ground that it does not
set forth the offense charged with such
particularities of time, place, person
and property as to enable the defend
ant to understand distinctly the char
acter of the offense complained of, and
the complaint may be amended by per
mission of the Court after a demurrer
is sustained.
Fifth— A defendant in custody shall
have the right to be tried before a de
fendant on bail, and felonies shall be
heard before misdemeanors.
Sixth— The Judges of said Court shall
try all cases as speedily as possible,
and must refuse continuances after the
first calling of a case for trial except
upon affidavit showing good cause
therefor.
Seventh— Other than lawfully author
ized surety companies, no person shall
be eligible to be a bondsman for any
defendant on trial in the Police Court,
or on appeal from a judgment therein,
except he take an oath that the prop
erty specified in the undertaking is in
the City and County of San Francisco,
and that he is worth the amount spe
cified exclusive of property exempt
from execution, and exclusive of all de
mands for which he may become liable
by reason of the forfeiture of any ap
peal or bail bonds for which he is
surety.
Sec. 4. The District Attorney, either
in person or by his Assistants, must be
present at the sessions of the Court and
attend to the prosecution of all cases
coming before it, and make out all
complaints and warrants for the arrest
of persons charged with crime to be
prosecuted in said court.
Sec. 5. The District Attorney shall
appoint a Warrant and Bond Clerk
who shall receive a salary of twenty
four hundred dollars a year, and three
Assistant Warrant and Bond Clerks,
each of whom shall receive a salary of
fifteen hundred dollars a year. No
person shall be appointed a Warrant
ami Bond Clerk who is not at the time
of his appointment qualified to practice
in all the Courts of this State. The
Warrant and- Bond Clerk shall keep his
office open continuously night and duy
tor the transaction of business: shall
draw complaints in actions in the Po
lice Court, and approve the same with
his written signature; shall have the
ci'&tody of all bail bonds and nppeal
bonds taken in the Police Court; shall
examine the sufficiency of every bail
bond and appeal bond taken in the Po
lice Court and make a return thereon,
within forty-eight hours after such
bond shall have come into his posses
sion, in the following form:
"I Warrant and Bond
Clerk of the City and County of San
Francisco, have examined the within
bond and find it good in law. I have
examined the records of the City and
County of Ran Francisco, and find the
property, its owners and incumbrances
herein described, to be correct accord
ing to said records. (Signed ,
Warrant and Bond Clerk.)"
The Warrant and Bond Clerk shall
endorse upon the bond the time when
it was issued by him, or when it came
into his possession. He mny issue bail
bonds and appeal bonds when the lia
bility thereof does not exceed two thou
sand dollars, and order the discharge
from custody of the persons for whom
the bonds are issued; and he may take
cash bail to the extent In any one case
of one thousand dollars. He must ac
count for and pay to the Treasurer all
moneys received as ball in the manner
that the County Clerk is required by
law to account for and pay moneys re
ceived as fees. No clerk of the Police
Court shall ever take bail or order the
release of any one charged with an of
fense.
Sec. 6. In the matter of fixing ball
and ordering the release of prisoners
the Warrant and Bond Clerk shall be
subject to the Judges of the Police
Court, and any violation of a valid
order of any of said Judges shall be a
contempt of Court. .
Sec. 7. For any failure to keep the
office of the Warrant and Bond Clerk
open continuously he shall be imme
diately removed from office by the Dis
trict Attorney or by the Mayor. \
Sec. 8. It shall be a misdemeanor for
any person other than a Judge of some
Court in the City and County, or other
than said Warrant and Bond Clerk, to
receive bail money for defendants or to
order their discharge.
Sec. 9. All demurrers to complaints,
notices of motion, statements and bills
of exception on appeal to the Superior
Court, must be served upon the Assist
ant District Attorney acting In the De
partment of the Court in which the
case is set for hearing, or heard or
tried.
Sec. 10. The County Clerk shall be the
Clerk of the Police Court, and he must
be present either in person or by deputy
at all sessions of the Court in the de
partments thereof; call the daily calen
dar of the departments, and keep full
and complete records of all cases in the
Court and the disposition made thereof
by the Court.
Sec. 11. The Police Judges may ap
point not more than two competent
stenographers who shall attend the
sessions of the Court and take notes
of all preliminary examinations made
at the sessions, and transcribe into
type-written long hand all evidence
taken by either of them where the par
ties charged have been held for trial,
and deliver one copy of the same to the
Clerk and one copy to the District At
torney. Each of Buch stenographers
shall be paid for all his services, In
cluding transcription and all sta
tionery used by him. an annual salary
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec, 12. The Mayor may in writing ap
point any Justice of the Peace to act as
Judge of the Police Court, or any de
partment thereof, during the tempor
ary absence or inability of the Judge to
act.
Sec. 13. The Chief of Police shall
cause to be made out and delivered to
each of tne Clerks of the Court at or
before nine o'clock in the forenoon of
each day a calendar of arrests in
which the cases shall have been as
signed to the departments of the Court
in accordance with the rules and regu
lations established by the Police
Judges. The calendar shall state "the
offense charged;" whether the defend
ant is "in custody" or "on bail;" "the
amount of bail;" "whether cash or
bond," and "the name of the arresting
officer."-
Sec. 14. The Chief of Police shall ap
point one or more Police Officers to at
tend the sessions of the Police Court
in each department thereof to pre-
Berve order and execute the orders of
the Court.
Sec. 15. The Police Judges shall
adopt all necessary rules and regula
tions for conducting the business of
the Court.
Sec. 16. No attorney shall appear in
said Court to prosecute or defend per
sons charged with offenses unless at
the time of his appearance he be quali
fied to practice law in all the courts of
this State.
Sec 17. The term of office of the Po
lice Judges elected at the general elec
tion held in the year eighteen hundred
and ninety-eight shall terminate at the
hour of noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January in the year
nineteen hundred, and they shall at
said time be succeeded by the Police
Judges provided for in this Chapter;
and all proceedings pending in said Court
shall be transferred to the Police Court
created under this Charter, and the
Judges elected as herein provided shall
have and obtain jurisdiction of the
same.
CHAPTER IX.
The San Francisco Law Library.
SECTION 1. The Supervisors must
provide, fit up and furnish, with fuel,
lights, stationery. and all necessary
conveniences, attendants and care,
rooms convenient and accessible to the
judges and officers of the courts and of
the municipal government sufficient for
the use and accommodation of the San
Francisco Law Library, established
under an Act of the Legislature of this
State entitled: "An Act to provide for
increasing the Law Library of the cor
poration known as the San Francisco
Law Library, and to secure the use of
the same to the Courts held at San
Francisco, the Bar, the City and Coun
ty Government and the People of the
City and County of San Francisco," ap
proved March 9th, 1870. The Supervis
ors must appropriate, allow, and order
paid out of the proper fund such sums
as may be necessary for the purposes
aforesaid; and all sums lawfully ap
propriated and expended pursuant
hereto shall be paid out of the proper
fund on demands duly audited, in the
mode prescribed by this Charter for
auditing other demands upon the treas
ury- The County Clerk must pay
monthly to the Treasurer of the San
Francisco Law Library such moneys as
he shall collect under the Act referred
to for the benefit of said Law Library.
ARTICLE VI.
DEPARTMENT OF PUBLIC
WORKS.
I CHAPTER L
The -Board of Public Works.
SECTION 1. There shall be a Depart
ment of Public Works under the man
agement of three Commissioners who
shall constitute the Board of Public
Works, and who shall give all their
time during official business hours to
the duties of their office. The members
of said Board shall be appointed by the !
Mayor. Of those first appointed he
Bhall appoint one for one year, one for
two years, and one for' three years.
Each year thereafter he shall appoint
for three years one person as the suc
cessor of the Commissioner whose term
of office expires in that year. All such
appointments shall be so made that not
more than one member shall at any
one time belong to the same political
party. No person shall be eligible for
a; pointment as such Commissioner un
less he is, and has been for at least five
years next preceding his appointment,
an elector of the City and County. Each
of said Commissioners shall receive an
annual salary of four thousand dollars.
Sec. 2. Of the Commissioners first
appointed under this Charter, one shall
be designated by the Mayor to serve
as President for one year. All subse
quent Presidents of the Board shall be
elected by the members thereof for
terms to be fixed by said board. The
President of the Board shall in each
cape hold office until his successor has
been elected or until his membership
on the Board expires.
Sec. 3. The Board may appoint a
Secretary -who shall receive an annual
salary of eighteen hundred dollars. The
Board may employ such clerks, super
intendents, inspectors, engineers, sur
veyors, deputies, architects and work
men as shall be necessary to a proper
discharge of their duties under this Ar
ticle, and. fix their compensation; but
no compensation to any of said persons
shall be greater than Is paid in the
case of Bimilar employments.
Sec. 4. The Board shall establish all
necessary rules and regulations for Its
government, and for the performance
of its duties, and for the regulation and
conduct of its officers and employes;
and shall require adequate bonds from
its officers and employes, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of all
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by the Supervisors. Said bonds
shall be approved by the Mayor and
shall be filed in the office of the Audi
tor.
Sec. 5. The Board shall hold regular
meetings at least once each week at a
place and time to be fixed by resolution
entered on its minutes. No cnanges In
place or time of regular meetings shall
be made without a resolution passed at
least two weeks before the time the
change is to go Into effect. Such spe
cial meetings may be held as the Com
missioners may deem necessary after
notice of the same has been posted ten
hours before the time of holding any
such meeting. All meetings shall be
public. No business shall be transacted
at an adjourned meeting: except such as
may have been under, or proposed for,
consideration «it the meeting from
which the adjournment was had. No
business shall be transacted at a spe
cial meeting except that which is named
in the notice of said meeting. Special
meetings may be called by any member ;
of the Board. In every case where a '
power is exercised under this Article '
by the Hoard the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes.
Sec. 6. The Board shall keep and
preserve a record of all its proceedings,
and copies of all plans, specifications,
reports, contracts, estimates, certifi
cates, receipts, surveys, field notes,
maps, plats, profiles, and of all papers
pertaining to the transactions of the
Board. The Secretary of the Board
shall keep a record of all its transac
tions, specifying therein the names of
the Commissioners present at all the
meetings, and giving the ayes and noes
upon all votes. The Secretary shall
post and publish all orders, resolu
tions and notices as required in this
Chapter or which the Board shall order
to be posted or published. He shall
perform such other duties as may from
time to time be prescribed by the
Board.
Sec. 7. The Board shall be the suc
cessor in office and shall have all the
powers and perform all the duties of
the Superintendent of Streets, High
ways and Squares, of the New City
Hall Commissioners, and of the Com
missions in existence at the 1 time this
Charter goes into effect for the open
ing, extending, widening, narrowing,
straightening, closing or changing the
grades of streets In the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 8. The Board shall immediatel>
after its organization take possession
and have the custody and control of all
maps, plats, surveys, field notes, rec
ords, plans, specifications, reports, con
tracts, models, machinery, instruments,
tools, appliances, contract rights, priv
ileges, books, documents and archives
and other property belonging to th?
City and County, or which may be of
value and importance to the City and
County, and heretofore kept by or in
the offices of the City and County Sur
veyor, the Superintendent of Public
Streets, Highways and Squares, the
Board of New City Hall Commission
ers, and all commissions in existence ai
the time this Charter goes into effect
for the opening, extending, widening,
narrowing, straightening, closing or
changing the grades of streets, and all
other business and works pertaining to
any of Baid offices or commissions.
Sec. 9. The Board of Public Works
shall have charge, superintendence and
control, under such ordinances as may
from time to time be adopted by the
Supervisors:
1. Of all public ways, streets, ave
nues, lanes, alleys, places, courts,
roads, highways and boulevards now
opened or which may hereafter be
j opened In the City and County; of the
manner of their use; and of all work
done upon, over or under the same; and
herein particularly the Board shall have
exclusive authority to prescribe rules
and grant permits, In conformity with
the ordinances of the Supervisors, for
the moving of buildings through th«
streets thereof, and the building or
placing of cellars or vaults under the
streets or sidewalks, and of temporary
fences enclosing areas upon the side
walks; the laying down and construc
tion of railroad tracks in the streets;
the erection of telegraph and telephone
poles, and poles for electric lighting,
and the laying under the surface of the
streets or sidewalks of telegraph or tele
phone wires, and wires for electric light
ing and power; the construction of
drains and sewers; the laying down and
taking up of gas, steam and water pipes,
pneumatic or other tubes or pipes, and
' sewers and drains, and determining the
! location thereof; the using of the
j etfeet or any portion thereof for the
; deposit of building material in front or
a building during its construction or
repair, or for any purpose other than
such as ordinarily and properly belongs
| to the public from the dedication there
j of to public use; and without such per
mission in writing from said Eoard no
person shall do any of the acts in this
section enumerated; but nothing in
this section shall be so construed as to
give said Board the power to grant
permits for or allow the permanent en
croachment upon any sidewalk of any
structure.
2. Of all sewers, drains and cess-
I pools, and of the work pertaining
thereto or to the drainage of the City
and County;
3. Of the cleaning and sprinkling of
all public streets, avenues, alleys,
places, courts, roads, highways and
boulevards, and the lighting of th*
same and the lighting of the parks,
squares and other public places and
public buildings;
4. Of the cleaning of all the public
buildings of the City and County and
of the appointment of such Janitors and
employees as are needed for such pur
pose;
5. Of the supervision of any and all
building construction in the City and
County; .
6. Of the construction of any and all
public buildings and structures, under
plans duly approved by the various .de
partments, including all school houses
and fire-department buildings, and the
repair and maintenance of any and all
buildings and structures owned by the
City and County;
7. Of any and all wires and conduits,
tne collection and disposal of street
refuse, garbage and sewage, and the
i designing, construction and mainten
: ance of the sewerage and drainage sys
tems of the City and County;
8. Of any and all public utilities
owned, controlled or operated by the
City and County, or which may here
after be so owned, controlled or ope
rated.
9. When at any time any person,
company or corporation desires to have
j opened or torn up the roadway of any
! street, lane, alley, place or court in the
City and County for any purpose, a
written application shall be made to
the Board of Public Works for permis
j sion to do so. The Board shall there
j upon make an estimate o- the expense
| of opening or tearing up such street,
lane, alley, place or court and of re
storing the same to as good a condition
as it was in before said opening or tear
ing up. Such person, company or cor
poration must thereupon deposit the
amount of such estimate with the
Board of Public Works which shall
thereupon pay the same into the Gene
ral Fund.
The Board shall thereupon proceed to
open or tear u^ said street, lane, alley,
place or court as in said application re
quested, and shall r.t the proper time
restore such street, lane, alley, place or
court to as good a condition as it was
in before said opening or tearing up.
Contracts f~r the doing of sucu work
by the Board may be let by it in the
manner provided in this Chapter, or
the work may, at the option of the
Board, be done by days' labor.
If the expense of such work has been
more than the aforesaid estimate, the
person, company or corporation shall
be Indebted to the City and County for
such balance; and the same shall con
stitute a lien upon the property of
such person, company or corporation.
Said lien shall remain in force until
such balance has been paid, or until
the lien shall be legally discharged.
i Said Hen may be enforced by suit
brought by the City and County in ac
cordance with the provisions of the
Code of Civil Procedure of the State of
California. If the expense of such
work has been X a than the aforesaid
estimate, then the surplus shall con
stitute a claim in favor of such person,
company or corporation, against the
City and County, and as such shall be
presented, approved and paid as other
claims.
Sec. 10. All examinations, plans and
estimates required by the Supervisors
in connection with any public improve
ments or utilities, shall be made by the
Board of Public Works and it shall,
when requested to do so, furnish infor
mation and data for the use of the Su
pervisors.
Sec, 11. Said Board shall appoint a
Civil Engineer of not less than five
years' practical experience as such,
who shall be designated the City En
gineer. He shall hold his office at the
pleasure of the Board.
He shall perform all the civil engin
eering and surveying required in the
prosecution of the public works and
i improvements done under the direction
; and supervision of said Board, and
! shall certify to the progress and com
pletion of the same, and do such other
surveying or other work as he may be
directed to do by said Board or by the
| Supervisors. He shall possess the same
| power in the City and County in mak
ing surveys, plats and certificates as
is or may from time to time be given
by law to City Engineers and to Coun
ty Surveyors, and his official acts and
all plats, surveys and certificates made
by him shall have the same validity
and be of the same force and effect as
are or may be given by law to those
of City Engineers and County Survey
ors. No street assessment shall be val
id without his certificate as to the
quantities and unless it be to the effect
that the work has been done to the of
ficial lines, elevations and grades.
Sec. 12. He shall serve the Board ex
clusively and shall not be engaged in
any other business while he is in its
service. He shall receive no com
pensation except his salary. The
Board shall by resolution establish
fees and charges for the services
to be performed by the City En
gineer for persons, companies and cor
porations, and may from time to time
change and adjust the same. Said En
gineer shall require such fees or
! charges to be paid in advance for any
j official act or service demanded of him,
I and such moneys thus paid shall be
paid to the Treasurer and credited by
him to such fund or funds as said Board
may direct.
Sec. 13. The Board shall appoint the
necessary heads of departments under
its charge. Each such head shall have
the sole executive control in his own
department, subject to the rules and
regulations prescribed by the Board.
Sec. 14. All public work authorized
by the Supervisors to be done under the
! supervision of the Board of Public
Works shall, unless otherwisedetermin
ed by the Beard of Public Works,
be done under written contract, except
in case of urgent necessity as
hereinafter provided; and except as
otherwise specifically provided in this
Charter, the following proceedings
shall be taken in all cases in the matter
of the letting, of contracts by said
Board. Before the award of any con
tract for doing any work authorized by
this Article, the Board shall cause no
tice to be posted conspicuously in its
office for not less than five days, and
published for the same time, inviting
sealed proposals for the work contem
plated; except, however, that when any
repairs or improvement, not exceeding
an estimated cost of five hundred dol
lars, shall be deemed of urgent neces
sity by the Board, such repairs or im
provement may be made by the Board
under written contract or otherwise,
without advertising for sealed propo
sals.
Sec. 15. Said advertisement and no
tice shall invite sealed proposal* to be
delivered at a certain day and hour at
the office of the Board for furnishing
the materials for the proposed work, or
for doing said work, or for both, as may
be deemed best by the Board, and shall
contain a general description of the
work to be done, the materials to be
furnished, the time in which the work
is to be commenced, and when to be
completed, and the amount of bond to
be given for the faithful performance
of the contract, and shall refer to plans
and specifications on file in the office of
the Board for full details and descrip
tion of said work and materials.
Sec. 16. All proposals shall be made
upon printed forms to be prepared by
the Board, and furnished gratuitously
upon application, with a form for the
affidavit hereinafter provided for print
ed thereon. Each bid shall have there
on the affidavit of the bidder that such
bid is genuine, and not collusive or
sham; that he has not colluded, con
spired, connived or agreed, directly- or
indirectly, with any other bidder or
person to put in a sham bid, or that
such other person shall refrain from
bidding; and has not in any manner
sought by collusion to secure any ad
vantage against the City and County,
or any person interested in said im
provement, for himself or any other
person. All bids shall be clearly and
distinctly written, without any erasure
or interlineation, and if any bid shall
have an erasure or interlineation it
shall not be received or considered by
the Board. Any contract made in vio
lation of any of the foregoing provi
sions, and in the case of improvement
of streets, any assessment for the work
done under such contract, shall be ab
solutely void.
All proposals offered shall be accom
panied by a check, certified by a re
sponsible bank, payable to the order of
the Clerk of the Supervisors, for an
amount not less than ten per centum
of the aggregate of the proposal, and
no proposal shall be considered unless
accompanied by such check.
No person, corporation or firm shall
be allowed to make, file, or be interest
ed in, more than one bid for the same
work. If oh the opening of said bids
more than one bid appear in which the
same person, corporation or firm is in
terested, all such bids shall be rejected.
Sec. 17. On the day and at the hour
specified in said notice inviting sealed
proposals the Board shall assemble and
remain in session for at least one hour,
and all bids shall be delivered to the
Board while it is so in session, and
within the hour named in the adver
tisement. No bid not so delivered to
the Board shall be considered. Each
bid as it shall he received shall be num
bered and marked "Filed" by the Pres
ident and authenticated by his signa
ture. At the expiration of the hour
stated in the advertisement within
which the bids will be received, the
Board shall, in open session, open, ex
amine and pablicly declare the same,
and an abstract of each bid shall be re
corded in the minutes of the Board by
the Secretary. Before adjourning, the
Board shall compare the bids with the
record made by the Secretary, and shall
thereupon, at said time, or at such
other time, not exceeding twenty days
thereafter, as the Board may adjourn
to, award the contract to the lowest
bidder, except as otherwise herein pro
vided. Notice of such award shall
forthwith be posted for five days by
the Secretary of the Board in some
conspicuous place in the office of the
Board, and be published for the same
period of time.
The Board may reject any and all
bids, and must reject the bid of any
party who has been delinquent or un
faithful in any former contract with
the City and County, and all bids oth
er than the lowest regular bid; and on
accepting said lowest bid, shall there
upon return to the proper parties the
checks corresponding to the bids so re
jected. If all the bids are rejected, the
Board shall return all the checks to
the proper parties and again invite
sealed proposals as in the first In
stance.
The check accompanying the accept
ed bid shall be held by the Secretary of
the Board until the contract for doing
said work, as hereinafter provided, has
been entered into, whereupon said cer
tified check shall be returned to said
bidder.
If said bidder falls or refuses to en
ter into the contract to do said work,
as hereinafter provided, then the certi
fied check accompanying his bid, and
the amount therein mentioned, shall be
forfeited to the City and County, and
shall be collected and paid Into the
General Fund. Neither the Board of
Public Works nor the Supervisors shall
have power to relieve from or remit
such forfeiture.
Sec. 18. If at any time It shall be
found that the person to whom a con
tract has been awarded has, in nre
senting any bid or bids, colluded with
any other party or parties, for the pur
pose of preventing any other bid being
made, then the contract so awarded
shall tie null and void, and the Board
shall advertise for a new contract for
said work.
Sec. 19. In the case of improvement
of streets, the owners of the major part
of the frontage of lots and lands upon
the street whereon the work Is to be
done, or which are liable to be assessed
for said work, or, in the case of an
assessment district, the owners of a
major part of the superficial area em
braced in such district, or their agents,
shall not be required to present sealed
proposals, but may, upon making oath
that they are such owners, or the
agents of such owners, within ten days
after the first posting of notice of said
award, elect to take said work and en
ter into a written contract to do the
whole work at the price at which the
same has been awarded. Should such
owners not enter into a written con
tract therefor within said ton days, or
should they enter into such contract
and fail to commence the work within
the time stated therein, which time
shall not be less than ten nor more
than twenty days from the time of the
execution 6f such contract, the Board
shall enter into a contract with the
original bidder to whom the contract
was awarded at the price specified in
his bid. If the original bidder shall
fall or refuse for fifteen days after the
first posting of notice of the award
to enter into the contract, the Board
shall again advertise for proposals as
in the first i
Sec. 20. If the owners or contractor
who may have entered into any con
tract do not complete the same within
the time limited in the contract, or
within such further time as is here
inafter provided, the Board may relet
the unfinished portion of said work in
accordance with the provisions in this
Chapter prescribed for the letting of
the whole.
Sec. 21. AH contracts shall be drawn
under the supervision of the City At
torney, and shall contain detailed spe
cifications of the work to be done, the
manner In which It shall be executed,
and the quality of the material to be
used.
Every contract entered into by the
Board shall be signed by all the mem
bers thereof and by the other contract-
Ing party. All contracts shall be signed
in triplicate, one of which, with the
specifications and drawings, If any,
of the work to be done, and the mate
rials to be furnished, shall be filed
with the Clerk of the Supervisors; one
thereof, with said specifications and
drawings, shall be kept in the office
of the Board, and the other with said
specifications and drawings shall be
delivered to the contractor.
At the same time with the execution
of the contract the contractor shall ex
ecute to the City and County and de
liver to the Secretary of the Board a
bond in the sum named in the notice
for proposals, with two or mofe suffi
cient sureties to be approved by the
Board, or shall deposit with the Secre
tary a certified check upon some sol
vent bank for said amount, for the
faithful performance of the contract.
No surety on any bond, other than law
fully authorized surety companies,
shall be taken unless he shall be a
payer of taxes on real property, the
assessed value of which, over ana
above all incumbrances, is equal in
amount to his liabilities on all bonds
on which he may be security to the
City and County; and each surety
shall justify and make an affidavit (for
which a form shall be printed upon
said bond), signed by him, that he is
assessed upon the last Assessment
Book of the City and County in hia
own name for real property in an
amount greater than his liability on all
bonds on which he is surety to the City
and County, and that the taxes on
such property so assessed are not de
linquent. 
The contract shall specify the time
within which the work shall be com
menced, and when to be completed, as
was specified in the notice inviting pro
posals therefor. Upon the recommen
dation of the Board, the Supervisors
may extend said time; but in no event
shall the time for the performance o<
said contract be extended by the Su
pervisors more than ninety days be
yond the time originally fixed for its
completion; but, on the unanimous
recommendation of the Board of Publia
Works, a further extension may ba
granted by vote of fourteen memDcrs
of the Board of Supervisors. In case ef
failure on the part of the contractor
to complete his contract within the
time fixed in the contract, or within
Buch extension of said time as is herein
provided, his contract shall be void,
and the Supervisors shall not pay or
allow to him any compensation for any
work done by him under said contract;
and, in the case of the improvement of
streets, no assessment shall be made
for the work done under said contract.
Sec. 22. The work in this Article pro
vided for must be done under the di
rection and to the satisfaction of the
Board of Public "Works; and the mater
ials used must be in accordance with
the specifications and be to the satis
faction of said Board, and all contracts
provided for in this Article must con
tain a provision to that effect, and
also, that in no case, except where it
is otherwise provided in this Charter,
will the City and County, or any de
partment or officer thereof, be liable
for any portion of the expense, or in
the case of improvement of streets,
for any delinquency of persons or
property assessed.
When said work shall have been
completed to the satisfaction and ac
ceptance of the Board, it shall so de
clare by resolution, and thereupon the
Board shall deliver to the contractor
a certificate to that effect. „__
CHAPTER 11.
Improvement of Streets. '
SECTION 1. All streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts in the City and Coun
ty, now open or dedicated or which
may hereafter be opened or dedicated
to public use, shall be deemed and held
to be open public streets, lanes, alleys,
places or courts, for the purposes of
this Chapter; and tn-j Supervisors are
hereby empowered to fix the width
and grade thereof, and to order to be
done therein and thereon any and all
street work and street improvement
under the proceedings hereinafter de
scribed.
Sec. 2. Application for the doing of
any such work or improvement must
in the first instance, except where
otherwise provided in this Article, be
made in writing to the Board of Pub
lic Works; and if the expense therepf
is to be assessed upon private property,
the Board shall investigate the same;
and If it determine that such improve
ment is expedient, it shall so report to
the Supervisors; and the Supervisors
shall not order any such improvement
until the same has been recommended
by said Board. When the construction
of any sewer or drain shall involve a
cost of more than five dollars per lineal
fooi for any block, it shall not be au
thorized except by an or' nance passed
by the affirmative vote of not less than
fourteen members of the Board of Su
pervisors. If an application is mad*
for any work or improvement of whlt^,
the expense is to be paid by the City
and County, and the Board of Public
Works shall not approve of such appli.
cation, it shall report to the Supervis
ors its reasons for such disapproval,
and the Supervisors may then, after
having obtained from the Board of
Public Works an estimate of the ex
pense of said work or improvement,
by ordinance passed by the affirmative
vote of not less than fourteen members
of the Board of Supervisors, order the
doing of said work, or the making of
said improvement.
The Board of Public Works may also,
except as herein prohibited, recommend
eny improvement, the expense of which
is to be paid by the City and County,
though no application may have been
made therefor, and must make, with
said recommendation to the Supervis
ors, an estimate of the expense, and in
such case the Supervisors may order
the same done.
No street work or street improve
ments of any kind shall be ordered to
be done by the Supervisors unless a
written recommendation to do the
same has been made to them by the
Board of Public Works, and all such"
recommendations shall be made mat
ters of record in the office of said
Board.
When the Board shall recommend any
work to be done on a street intersec
tion or crossing, where the streets do
not Intersect each other at right angles,
it shall in each such case determine
what lots in the blocks adjacent to such
intersection or eroding will Le benefit
ed by said work, and shall cause a
map to be made on which shall be
delineated the lots so to be benefited.
Such map shall be transmitted to the
Supervisors with said recommenda
tion.
Sec. 3. Before recommending to the
Supervisors the ordering of any work
or Improvement, the expense of which,
or any part thereof, is to be assessed
upon private property, the Board of
Public Works shall pass a resolution of
its intention to recommend the same,
specifying the work to be recommend
e<*f and shall fix a day when it shall
take final action upon said resolution.
Upon the passage thereof the Secre
tary of the Board shall forthwith, with
out any further authority, cause a copy
of said resolution to be posted conspic
uously for five days in the office of said
Secretary, and to be published for a
period of ten days (legal holidays ex
cepted) and cause a copy to be deposit
ed in the Post Office at the City and
County, with postage prepaid, address
ed to each person represented on the
Assessment Bonk of the City and
County for the next preceding fiscal
year as being owner of land liable to be
assessed for said improvement; but if
said lot stand on paid honk j n the name
of unknown owr.-.rs, such notice need
not be sent.
The Board shall also cause to be con
spicuously posted along the line of said
contemplated improvement, at points
not more than one hundred feet in dis
tance apart, notices, not less than
three in all, of the passage of said reso
lution. Each of said notices shall be
headed "Notice of Street Work" in let
ters of not less than two inches in
length, and shall in legible characters
state the fact of the passage of Baid
resolution, its date, and, briefly, the *
work or improvement proposed, and re
fer to the resolution of intention for
further particulars.
Sec. 4. The owners of a majority of
the frontage of the pror rty fronting
on said proposed work or improvement,
and, in case of a district, -hose OTVuif.?more than one-half of the superficial
area of the district, may make written
objections to the same within ten days
after the expiration of the time of the
publication of said resolution of inten
tion, which objections shall be d*\K*ered
to the Secretary of the Board of Public
Works, who shall endorse thereon the
date of its reception by him. Such ob
jections shall be a bar for six months
to any further proceedings in relation
to the doing of said work or making
said improvement, unless the owners of
the one-half or more of the frontage or
of the district, as aforesaid, shall
meanwhile petition for the same to be
done, and the same shall, after the ex
piration of said six months, be contin
ued under the resolution of intention
first passed if said Board shall deem
proper. If, however, the owners of at
least two-thirds of the property front-
Ing on said proposed work or improve
ment, and, in tlie case of a district,
those owning at least two-thirds of the
superficial area of the district, shall
make written objections to the
same within said six months, no fur
ther proceedings shall be taken under
the aforesaid resolution of intention.
When the work or improvement pro
posed to be done is the construction of
sewers, manholes, culverts or cess
pools, and the objections thereto are
signed by the owners of a maiority of
the frontage or of the district as afore
said, the Board shall, at Its next meet
ing, fix a time for hearing said objec
tions, not less than one week there
after. The Secretary shall thereupon
notify the persons making such objec
tions, by depositing a notice thereof in
the Post Office at the City and County,
postage prepaid, and addressed to each
objector or his agent when he appears
for such objector. At the time speci
fied the Board shall hear the objections
urged, and pass upon the same, and its
decision shall be final and conclusive;
and if said objections are overruled the
proceedings shall be continued as
though no objections had been made.
At any time before the making of
the assessment as hereinafter provid
ed, all owners of lots of land liable to
assessment therein, who, after the first
publication of the aforesaid resolution
of intention, may feel aggrieved, or
who may have objections to any pro
ceedings In relation to the performance
of the work described In said resolu
tion, may file with the Secretary a pe
tition of remonstrance, wherein they
shall state In what respect they feel
aggrieved, or the proceedings to which
they object. Such petition or remon
strance shall be passed upon by the
Board, and Its decision thereon shall
be final and conclusive.
Sec 5. When the contemplated work
or improvement in the opinion of the
Board of Public Works Is of more than
local or ordinary public benefit, it may
recommend to the Supervisors that the
expense of such work or Improvement
be made chargeable upon a district,
and said Board shall in its res
olution of Intention set out the district
benefited by said work or improvement
and to be assessed to pay the expense
thereof. Objections to the extent and
boundaries of the district of lands to
be benefited by said work or improve
ment may be made by any interested
party, in writing, within ten days af
ter the expiration of the time of pub
lication of the resolution of intention.
The Secretary of the Board shall lay
said objections before It and the Board
shall, at its next meeting, fix a time
for hearing said objections not less
than one week thereafter. The Secre
tary shall thereupon notify the persons
making such objections by depositing
a notice thereof in the Post Office at the
City and County, postage prepaid, ad
dressed to each objector. At the time
specified the Board shall hear the ob
jections urged and j>a«s upon the same,
and if said objections are overruled, its
decision shall be final and conclusive
as to the extent and boundaries of the
district.
If the objections are sustained, the
Board shall proceed to set out another
district to the extent and boundaries
of which objections may be made and
a hearing had thereon as above pro
vided; and so on in like manner until
a district has been set out to the ex
tent and boundaries of which all ob
jections shall be overruled by the Board
—Its decision in that behalf to be final
and conclusive; and thereupon the pro
ceedings shall continue the same as if
no objections had been made. In its
report to the Supervisors the Board
shall accompany its report with a dia
gram on which shall be delineated each
separate lot, piece or parcel of land,
the area in square feet of each of such
lots, pieces or parcels of land, and the
relative location of the same to ths
work or improvement proposed to be
done within the limits of the district.
Such diagram shall be certified to be
correct by the Secretary of the Board.
Sec. 6. When the work under any
contract shall have been completed, the
contractor shall make and file in the
office of the Board of Public Works
an affidavit to the effect that he has
not entered into any private agree
ment, verbal or written, with any per
son liable to be assessed for said work,
or with any one on his behalf, to ac
cept a price from him less than the
price named in said contract, or to
make any rebate or deduction to him
from such price. Any such agreement
shall be deemed a fraud upon all per
sons liable to be assessed for such
work other than the property owners
who were parties to the agreement, and
shall make void, as to such persons so
defrauded, any assessment made for
the work done under such contract; and
where there is more than one contractor
each contractor shall make such affi
davit.
Sec. 7. When any work In or upon
any public street shall have been com
pleted according to contract, and the
affidavit mentioned In the next preced
ing section shall have been made, the
Board shall make an assessment to
cover the sum due for the work per
formed and specified In said contract
(Including all incidental expenses), in
conformity with the provisions of this
Article, according to the nature and
character of the work. The assessment
shall briefly refer to the contract, the
work contracted for and performed,
and shall show the amount to be paid
therefor, together with any incidental
expenses, the rate per front foot as
sessed, the amount of each assessment,
the name of the owner of each lot (If
known to the Board, and if not known,
the word '"unknown" shall be written
opposite the number of the lot and the
amount assessed thereon); the number
of each lot assessed, and shall have at
tached thereto a diagram exhibiting
the street or street crossing on which
the work has been done, and showing 1
the relative location of each distinct
lot to the work done, numbered to cor
respond with the numbers in the as
sessment, and showing the number of
front feet assessed for said work. A
mistake in the name of the owner shall
not invalidate any assessment.
When the expense of such work falls
in part upon any person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
upon the street where such work has
been done, said assessment shall In
clude an assessment against said per
son, company or corporation, for its
legal proportion of said expense, and
the same shall constitute a Hen upon
the road-bed, rolling stock, franchises
and other property of such person,
company or corporation, for a period
of two years from the date of record
ing the warrant, assessment and dia
gram hereinafter provided for.
Sec. 8. The exrense of all work or
Improvement done upon any part 9t
Bald streets, lanes, alleys, places or
courts, under the order of the Super- j
visors, shall be borne and paid for as |
follows:
First.— The City and County shall pay
out of the General Fund the expense:
a. Of all work done on streets, cross
ings and intersections of streets that
have been or may be accepted by the
City and County, after the acceptance
of the same, and all repairs and im
provements deemed of urgent necessity
that may be made upon the public
Btreets and highways.
b. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the City and County or by
any department thereof.
c. Of all work done In front of, or
that may be assessed to, property
owned by the United States.
Second. — The expense of all sewers,
cesspools, manholes, culverts and
drains, and of all gVading, planking,
macadamizing, paving, piling and cap
ping any street, or portion thereof, and
of all curbs thereon, and of all work
done on sidewalks, shall be assessed
upon the lands within the block or
blocks adjacent thereto as herein pro
vided, except where by an assessment
district it may be provided otherwise.
Third. — The expense of all work on
such portion of any street required by
law to be kept in order by any person,
company, or corporation, having rail
road tracks thereon, shall be borne and
paid for by such person, company or
corporation, and shall be included in
the assessment hereinbefore provided
for.
No assessment shall be levied upon
any property, which, together with all
assessments for street improvements
that may have been levied upon the
same property during the year next
preceding, will amount to a sum great
er than fifty per centum of the value
at which said property was assessed
upon the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Subdivision One — Except
where the expense incurred for the
street work and improvement author
ized herein is to be assessed upon a
district as hereinafter provided, such
expense, other than that to be paid
by a person, company or corporation
having tracks on the street where such
work and improvement has been done,
shall be assessed upon the lots and
lands fronting thereon, except as here
inafter specifically provided; each lot
or portion of a lot being separately as
sessed In proportion to the frontage at
a rate per front foot sufficient to cover
the total expense of the work-
Subdivision Two— The expense of all
improvement except such as is done by
contractors under the provisions of sec
tion sixteen of this Chapter, until the
streets, avenues, street crossings, lanes,
alleys, places, or courts are finally ac
cepted, as provided in section twenty
three of this Chapter, shall be assessed
upon the lots and lands as provided in
this section according to the nature
and character of the work.
Subdivision Three— The expense of
the work done on main street cross
ings shall be assessed at a uniform
rate per front foot on the quarter
blocks and Irregular blocks adjoining
and cornering upon the crossings, and
separately upon the whole of each lot
or portion of a lot having any front
age in the said blocks fronting on 6aid
main streets, half way to the next main
street crossing, and all the way on
said blocks to a boundary line of the
city where no such crossing intervenes,
but only according to its frontage in
said quarter blocks and irregular
blocks.
Subdivision Four— Where a main
street terminates in another main
street, the expense of the work done
on one-half of the width of the street
opposite the termination ehall be as
sessed upon the lots in each of the two
quarter blocks adjoining and corner
ing on the same, according to the front
! age of such lots on said main street,
I and the expense of the other half of the
! width of said street upon the lot or lots
| fronting on the latter half of the street
J at such termination.
Subdivision Five— Where any alley
or subdivision street crosses a main
street, the expense of all work done on
said crossing shall be assessed on all
I lots or portions of lots half way on said
I alley or subdivision street to the neyi
crossing or intersection, or to the en,d
of such alley or subdivision street If it
does not meet another.
Subdivision Six— The expense of work
done on alley or subdivision street
crossings shall be assessed upon the
lots fronting upon such alley or subdi
vision streets on each side thereof, in
all directions, half way to the next
street, place, or court, on either side,
respectively, or to the end of such al
ley or subdivision street, if it does not
meet another.
Subdivision Seven— Where a subdivis
ion street, avenue, lane, alley, place, or
court, terminates in another street,
avenue, lane, alley, place, or court, the
expense of the work done on one-half
the width of the subdivision street,
avenue, alley, place, or court opposite
the termination, shall be assessed upon
I the lot or lots fronting on such subdi
vision street or avenue, lane, alley,
place, or court so terminating, accord
ing to its frontage thereon, half-way
on each side, respectively, to the next
I street, avenue, lane, alley, court, or
| place, or the end of such street, avenue,
lane, alley, place, or court, ir It does
j not meet another, and the other one
half of the width upon the lots fronting
such termination.
Subdivision Eight— Where any work
mentioned in this Chapter, manholes,
cesspools, culverts, crosswalks, piling
and capping excepted, is done on either
or both sides of the center line of any
street for one block or less, and fur
ther work opposite to the work of the
same class already done is ordered to
be done to complete the unimproved
I portion of said street, the assessment
to cover the total expense of said work
so ordered shall be made upon the lots
or portions of the lots only fronting the
portions of the work so ordered. When
sewering or resewering is ordered to
be done under the sidewalk or only on
one side of a street for any length
thereof, the assessment for its expense
shall be made only upon the lots and
lands fronting nearest upon that side,
and for Intervening intersections only
upon the two quarter blocks adjoining
and cornering upon that side.
Subdivision Nine — Any owner or
! owners of lots or lands fronting upon
any street, the width and grade of
which have been established by the
Supervisors, may perform at his or
their own expense (after obtaining per
mission from the Board of Public Works
so to do, but before said Board has
passed its resolution of Intention to
recommend grading inclusive of this)
any grading upon said street, to its
full width, or to the centre line thereof,
j and to its grade as then established,
' and thereupon may procure, at his or
I their own expense, a certificate from
; the City Engineer setting forth the
; number of cubic yards of cutting and
! filling made by him or them in said
' grading, and the proportions performed
I by each owner, and that the same is
done to the established width and grade
of said street, or to the centre line
thereof, and thereafter may file said
certificate in the office of the Board.
Said certificate shall be recorded in a
properly indexed book kept for that
purpose in the office of the Board.
Whenever thereafter the Supervisors
order the grading of said street, or any
portion thereof, on which any grading
certified as aforesaid has been dono,
the bids and contract must express the
price by the cubic yard for cutting and
filling in grading, and such owner or
owners, and his or their successors In
interest, shall be entitled to credit on the
assessment upon his or their lots and
lands fronting on said street for grad
ing thereof, to the amount of the cu
bic yards of cutting and filling set
forth in his or their said certificate, at
the prices named in the contract for
said cutting and filling; or, if the grade
meanwhile has been legally changed,
only flbr so much of said certified work
as would be required for grading to the
grade as chang d. Such owner or
owners shall not be entitled to any
credit that may be In excess of the as
sessments for grading upon the lots
and land owned by him or them, and
proportionately assessed for the whole
of said grading. The Board shall in
clude In the assessment for the whole
of said grading upon the same grade
the number of cubic yards of cutting
and filling set forth In any and all cer
tificates so recorded in his office, or for
the whole of said grading to the
changed grade so much of said certi
fied work as would be required t&r
grading thereto, and shall enter con?
CHABTER FOR THE CITY AND COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
sponding credits, deducting the same
as payments upon the amounts assessed
against the lots and lands owned re
spectively by said certified owners and
their successors In interest; but he
shall not include any grading quanti
ties or credit any sums in excess of the
proportionate assessments for the
whole of the grading which are made
upon any lots and lands fronting upon
said street and belonging to any such
certified owners or their successors in
interest. When any owner or owners
of any lots and lands fronting on any
street shall have heretofore done, or
shall hereafter do any work, except
grading, on such street, in front of any
block, at his or their own expense, and
the Supervisors shall subsequently or
der any work to be done of the same
class in front of the same block, the
work so done at the expense of such
owner or owners shall be excepted
from the order ordering work to be
done, as provided in subdivision ten of
this section; but the work so done at
the expense of such owner or owners
shall be upon the official grade, and in
condition satisfactory to the Board of
Public Works at the time said order is
passed.
Subdivision Ten— The Board of Pub
lic Works may include in the resolu
tion of intention any of the different
kinds of work mentioned in this Chap
ter, and it may except therefrom any
of said work already done upon the
street to the official grade. The lots
and portions of lots fronting upon said
accepted work already done shall not
be included in the frontage assessment
for the class of work from which the
exception is made; but this shall not
be construed so as to affect the special
provisions as to grading contained in
subdivision nine of this section.
Subdivision Eleven — When the reso
lution of intention declares that the
expense of the work and improvement
is to be assessed upon a district, im
mediately after the contractor has ful
filled his contract to the satisfaction
of the Board of Publio Works, or to
the satisfaction of the Supervisors on
appeal, the Board of Public Works
shall proceed to estimate upon the
lands, lots, or portions of lots within
said assessment district, as shown by
the diagram provided for in section five
of this Chapter, the benefits arising
from such work, and to be received
by each such lot, portion of such lot,
piece or subdivision of land, and
shall thereupon assess upon and
against said lands in said assessment
district the total amount of the ex
pense of such proposed work, and in
so doing shall assess said total sum
upon the several pieces, parcels, lots,
or portions of lots, and subdivisions of
land in said district benefited thereby,
to wit: Upon each respectively in
proportion to the estimated benefits
to be received by each of said several
lots, portions of lots, or subdivisions of
land. In other respects the assessment
shall be as provided in this Chapter.
Sec. 10. If at any time there shall be
any street work or Improvement done,
and none of the methods hereinbefore
provided are legally sufficient to au
thorize the Board of Public Works to
make an assessment to pay for the ex
pense thereof, then said Board shall,
before it passes a resolution of its in
tention to recommend the ordering of
said work or Improvement, establish
by resolution a method by means of
which such assessment shall be made;
and on the completion of the work or
improvement to the satisfaction of said
Board, or to the satisfaction of the
Supervisors on appeal, said Board shall
make an assessment to pay the ex
pense thereof according to the method
established by said resolution.
Sec. 11. In making all assessments
the Board of Public Works shall act
as a Board, and the assessment ehall
be authenticated by the signatures of
all the members thereof.
Sec. 12. To said assessment shall be
attached a warrant which ehall be
signed by the President of the Board
of Public Works and countersigned by
the Secretary thereof. Said warrant
shall be substantially in the following
form:
By virtue hereof the Board of Pub
lic W r orks of the City and County of
San Francisco, by the authority vested
in it, does authorize and empower
(name of contractor) (his or their)
agents, or assigns, to demand and re
ceive the several assessments upon the
assessment and diagram hereto at
tached, and this shall be (his or their)
warrant for the same.
(Date) . (Name of President of
Board of Public Works.)
Countersigned by (Name of Secre
tary of Board of Public Works.)
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram shall be recorded in the office of
the Board. When so recorded the sev
eral amounts assessed shall be a lien
upon the lands, lots, or portions of lots
assessed, respectively for the period of
two years from the date of said record-
Ing, unless sooner discharged; and
from and after the date of said record-
Ing of any warrant, assessment and
diagram, all persons Interested In paid
atjsf iisment shall be deemed to have no
lice <■•£ the contents of the record
thei eof .
After said warrant, assessment and
diagram are recorded, the same shall
bj delivered to the contractor, or his
agent or assigns, on demand, but not
untii after the payment to the Board
of the incidental expenses not previ
ously paid by the contractor or his as
signs. By virtue of said warrant said
contractor, or his agents or assigns,
Shall be authorized to demand and re
ceive the amount of the several assess
ments made to cover the sum due for
the work specified in such contracts
and assessments.
When it shall appear by the final
judgment of any court in this State
having Jurisdiction to render suoh judg
ment, that any suit brought to foraclose
the lien of any assessment for street
work made under this Chapter, or in
the recording thereof, has been defeated
b/ reason of any defect, error, infor
mality, omission, Irregularity, or ii!e
ga'ily, thereof or therein, or in the re
turn on the warrant issued pursuant to
any euch assessment, or In the record
ing of any such warrant, any person in
terested therein may, at any time with
in seven months after the entry of said
final Judgment, apply to the Board for
ar- other assessment to be issued in con
formity to law; and the Board shall,
within sixty days after the time of
said application, make an.l deliver to
said applicant a new assessment, dia
gram and warrant in accordance with
law, and sign, record and authenticate
the same as above provided. Such as
sessment shall be a lien upon the lots
of land sot out therein for the period of
two years from the date of its record
ing, and suit may be brought to enforce
said lien as provided in this Chapter.
Should such final Judgment be that of
the Superior Court for the City and
County and an apDeal therefrom to the
Supreme Court of the State has been
taken, no such other assessment shall
be made until said appeal has been de
termined.
Sec. 13. The contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall call upon the persons as
sessed, or their agents, if they can con
veniently be found, and demand pay
ment of the amount assessed to each.
If any payment be made, the contrac
tor, his assigns, or some person on his
or their behalf, shall receipt the same
upon the assessment in the presence
of the person making such payment,
and shall also give a receipt if demand
ed. When the persons so assessed, or
their agents, cannot conveniently be
found or when the owner of the lot is
stated as "unknown" upon the assess
ment, then said contractor or his as
signs, or some person on his or their
behalf, shall publicly demand payment
on the premises assessed.
The warrant shall be returned to the
Board of Public Works within thirty
days after its date with a return indors
ed thereon, signed by the contractor or
his assigns, or some person on his or
their behalf, verified upon oath, stat
ing the nature and character of the de
mand, and whether any of the assess
ments remain unpaid in whole or in
part, and the amount thereof. Ther«
upon the Secretary of the Board shall
record the return so made in the mar
gin of the record of the warrant and
assessment.
The Board can at any time receive
the amount due upon any assessment
and warrant issued by it and give a
good and sufficient discharge therefor;
but no such payment so made after
suit has been commenced shall operate,
without the consent of the plaintiff in
the action, as a complete discharge of
the lien until the costs in the action
shall be refunded to the plaintiff.
The Board may release any assess
ment upon the books of its office on
the payment to it of the amount of the
assessment with interest against any
lot or on the production to it of the
receipt of the party or his assigns to
whom the assessment and warrant
were issued. If any contractor shall
fail to return his warrant within the
time and in the form provided in this
section he shall thenceforth have no
lien upon the property assessed; but if
any warrant is lost, upon proof of such
loss a duplicate may be issued, upon
which a return may be made with the
same effect as if the original had been
so returned. After the return of the
assessment and warrant as aforesaid,
all amounts remaining due thereon
shall draw interest at the rate of seven
per centum per annum until paid.
Sec. 14. The owners, whether named
in the assessment or not, the contrac
tor or his assigns, and all other per
sons directly interested in any work
provided for in this Chapter, or In the
assessment, feeling aggrieved by any
act or determination of the Board of
Public W r orks in relation thereto, or
who claim that the work has not been
performed according to the contract in
a good and substantial manner, or
having or making any objection to the
correctness or legality of the assess
ment or other act, determination, or
proceedings of the Board, shall, within
thirty days after the date of the war
rant, appeal to the Supervisors, by
v-iefiyv -iefiy stating their objections in writ
ing and filing the same with the Clerk
of the Supervisors. Notice of the time
and place of the hearing, briefly re
ferring to the work contracted to be
done, or other subject of appeal, and
to the acts, determinations or proceed
ings objected to or cj-mplained of, shall
be published for five days. Upon such
appeal the Supervisors may remedy
and correct any error or Informality
in the proceedings, and revise and cor
rect any of the acts or determinations
of the Board relative to said work,
may confirm, amend, set aside, alter,
modify or correct the assessment in
such manner as to them shall seem
just; and require the work to be com
pleted according to the directions of
the Supervisors, and may at their op
tion direct the Board of Public Works
to correct the warrant, aHsessment or
diagram In any particular, or to make
and Issue a new warrant, assessment
and diagram to conform to the deci
sions of the Supervisors in relation
thereto.
All the derisions and determinations
of the Supervisors, upon notice and
hearing 1 as aforesaid, shall be final and
conclusive upon all persons entitled to
appeal under the provisions of this
section, as to all errors, informalities
and Irregularities, which the Supervis
ors might have remedied and avoided;
and no nssessment shall be held in
valid, except upon appeal to the Su
pervisors, as provided in this section,
for any error, informality or other
defect in the proceedings prior to the
assessment, or in the assessment It
self, where the Board of Public Works
has' acquired jurisdiction to make the
same.
Sec. 15. At any time after the period
of thirty-five days from the day of the
date of the warrant, or if an appeal
has been taken to the Supervisors, then,
at any time after five days from the
decision of the Supervisors on such ap
peal, or after the return on the war
rant, after the same may have been
corrected, altered-or modified, as here
in provided, but not less than within
thirty-five days from the date of the
warrant, the contractor or his assignee
may sue in his own name the owner or
the mortgagee of the land, lots, or por
tions of lots assessed on the day of
the date of the recording of the war
rant, assessment and diagram, or any
day thereafter during the continuance
of the lien of said assessment, and re
cover the amount of any assessment
remaining unpaid, with Interest there
on at the rate of seven per centum per
annum until paid.
In all cases of recovery under the
provisions of this Chapter the plain
tiff shall recover the sum of fifteen dol
lars in addition to the taxable costs,
as attorney's fees, but not any percent
age upon said recovery. When suit haa
been brought, after a personal demand
has been made and a refusal to pay
such assessment so demanded, the
plaintiff shall also be entitled to have
and recover said sum of fifteen dollars
as attorney's fees in addition to all tax
able costs, notwithstanding that the
suit may be settled or a tender be
made before a recovery in said action,
and he may have judgment therefor.
Said warrant, assessment and dia
gram, with the affidavit of demand and
non-payment, shall be held prima facie
evidence of the regularity and correct
ness of the assessment and of the prior
proceedings and acts of the Board of
Public Works and of the Supervisors
upon which said warrant, assessment
and diagram are based, and like evidence
of the right of the plaintiff to recover in
the action. The Court in which said suit
shall be commenced shall have power
to adjudge and decree a lien against
the lots of land assessed, and to order
such premises to be sold on execution
as in other cases of the sale of real
estate by the process of said Courts.
In all actions brought to enforce the
Hen of assessments made pursuant to
the provisions of this Chapter the pro
ceedings therein shall be governed and
regulated by the provisions of this
Chapter, and, when not in conflict here
with, by the Codes of this State.
Sec. 16. When any portion of th«
roadway of any street, avenue, lane, al
ley, court or place, or any portion of
any sidewalk, in the City and County,
none of which has been accepted by the
Supervisors as in this Chapter provided,
shall be so out of repair as to endanger
persons or property passing thereon, or
so as to interfere with the public con
venience in the use thereof, the Board
of Public Works shall require the own
ers or occupants of lots or portions of
lots frc-nting on said portion of said
street, avenue, alley, lane, court or
place, by a notice in writing, to be de
livered to them or their agents, per
sonally, to repair forthwith said por
tion of said street, avenue, lane, alley,
court or place, to the center line there
of, in front of the property of which
he is the owner or tenant, or occupant.
The Board shall particularly specify
In said notice what work is required to
be done and what material shall be
used in said repairs. If said repairs be
not begun within five days after notice
given as aforesaid, and diligently and
without interruption prosecuted to
completion, the Board may make such
repairs, or enter into a contract with
any suitable person, at the expense of
the owner, tenant, or occupant, after
the specifications for the doiner of said
work shall have been conspicuously
posted by it in its office for three days,
inviting bids for the doing of said work.
Raid bids shall be delivered to it at its
office on or before the second day after
the completion of said posting and
opened by it on the next day follow
ing; whereupon the contract shall be
awarded to the lowest responsible bid
der.
All of said bids shall be preserved In
the office of the Board, and shall be
open at all times after the letting of
the contract to the inspection of all
persons; and such owner, tenant, or oc
cupant, shall be liable to pay said con
tract price. Such work shall be com
menced within twenty-four hours af
ter the contract shall have been signed,
and completed without delay to the sat
isfaction of the Board. Upon the com
pletion of such repairs by the con
tractor as aforesaid to the satisfaction
c-f the Board, it shall make and de
liver to the contractor a certificate to
the effect that such repairs have been
properly made by said contractor to
the grade, and that the charges for the
same are reasonable and just, and that
the Board of Public Works has ac
cepted the same.
Sec. 17. If the expense of the work
and material for the repairs provided for
in the last preceding section be notpaid
on demand to the contractor so em
ployed, or his agent or assignee, said
contractor, or his assignee, shall have
the right to sue such owner, tenant, or
occupant for the amount contracted to
be paid; and the certificate provided
for in said section shall be prima facie
evidence of the amount claimed for
said work and materials, and of the
right of the contractor to recover for
the same in such action. Said certifi
cate shall be recorded by the Board of
Public Works in a book kept by it in
the office for that purpose, properly in
dexed, and the sum contracted to be
paid shall be a lien as in case of other
assessments provided for in' this chap
ter.
Sec. 18. In addition to the remedies
above given the Supervisors may pre
scribe the penalties that shall be in
curred by any owner or person ne
glecting or refusing to make re
pairs when required, as hereinbefore
provided. Such penalty shall be en
forced for the use of the City and
County by prosecution in the name of
the People of the State of California
in the Court having jurisdiction there
of, and may be applied in the case of
fines, to the payment of expense of any
such repairs not otherwise provided
for.
Sec 19. The person owning the fee, or
the mortgagee of such fee, or the per
son who, on the day the action is com
menced, appears by deed duly recorded
in the County Recorder's office of the
City and County, to have the legal title
to the land, or the person in possession
of lands, lots, portion of lots or build
ings under claim, or exercising acts of
ownership over the same for himself,
or as executor, administrator or guar
dian of the owner, shall be regarded,
treated and deemed to be the "owner"
for all the purposes of this Chapter.
And in case of property leased, the
possession of the tenant or lessee hold
ing and occupying under such persons
shall be deemed to be the possession of
such owner.
Sec. 20. Any tenant or lessee of any
lot of land on which has been imposed
an assessment under the provisions of
this Chapter may pay said assessment,
or he may discharge any liability im
posed thereon by virtue of the provis
ions of this Chapter, or he may redeem
.tho property within the time prescribed
by law, if legally sold on execution, and
may deduct the amount so paid from
the rents due and to become due from
him; and he shall have a lien upon, and
may retain posse-sion of, said lots un
til the amount so paid ai.d advanced,
with legal interest thereon, be satisfied
from accruing rents or by pa/ment by
the owner.
Sec. 21. The records kept by the
Board of Public Works shall have the
same force and effect as other public
records, and duly certified copies
therefrom may be used in evidence
with the same effect as the originals.
Said records shall, during all office
hours, be open, free of charge, to the
inspection of any citizen wishing to
examine them.
Sec. 22. Notices in writing required to
be given by the Board may be served
by any person over the age of twenty
one years, and the fact of such service
may be verified by the oath of the per
son making it. Such oath may be
taken before the Secretary of said
Board or b fore any member thereof.
Sec. 23. When any street or portion
of a street has been or shall hereafter
be fully constructed to the satisfaction
of the Board of Public Works and of
the Supervisors, and is in good condi
tion throughout, and a sewer, gas pipes,
and water pipes are properly laid
therein, the same shall be accepted by
the Supervisors by ordinance; and
thereafter such street or portion of a
street shall be kept in repair and im
proved by the City and County. The
Supervisors shall not accept any por
tion of a street less than the entire
width of the roadway including the
curbing, and one block in length, orone
entire crossing; but they may partly
or conditionally accept any street.with
out a sewer or gas pipes or water pipes
therein, if the ordinance of acceptance
expressly states that they deem such
sewer, or gas pipes or water pipes to be
then unnecessary. In such case the lots
of land previously or at any time as
sessable for the cost of constructing a
sewer shall remain and be assessable
for such cost and for the cost of re
pairs and restoration of the street
damaged in said construction, when
ever the Supervisors shall deem a
sewer to be necessary and shall order
it to be constructed. The Board of
Public Works shall keep in its office a
register of all streets accepted by the
Supervisors under this section, which
register shall be indexed for easy ref
erence thereto.
Sec. 24. The Board of Public Works
may at any time, without any applica
tion therefor, recommend to the Sup
ervisors to order the paving or mac
adamizing of the portion of any street
required by law to be paved or mac
adamized by the person, company or
corporation having railroad tracks
thereon. Upon such recommendation
the Supervisors shall by ordinance or
der said work to be done and direct said
Board to notify said person, company,
or corporation of the fact of the pas
sage of such ordinance.
The Secretary of said Board shall
thereupon forthwith in writing notify
said person, company or corporation
of the passage of said ordinance; and
If said person, company or corpora
tion shall not within ten days after re
ceiving said notice commence in good
faith to do said work and prosecute
the same diligently to completion, the
Board shall invite sealed proposals for
doing said work in the manner provid
ed in this Article; and all the provis
ions of this Article in regard to such
proposals, to the awarding of con
tracts, to the execution of contracts,
and to the doing of public work, shall
apply to all similar proceedings taken
under this section. On the completion
of the work to the satisfaction of the
Board the contractor shall be entitled
to recover from such person, company
or corporation the contract price for
the expense of said work, together
with Incidental expenses, In an action
Instituted in a Court of competent ju
risdiction. On the trial of such action,
the certificate of the Board of the com
pletion of said work to Its satisfaction
shall be prima facie evidence of the
regularity of all the proceedings prior
thereto and of plaintiff's right to re
cover In said action.
Sec. 25. Except as otherwise In this
Chapter specifically provided, no or
dinance for the improvement of any
street other than for sewers, sidewalks
and curbs, except for the improvement
of the streets constituting or lying
along the water front of the City and
County, and except for such work as is
provided for in the next preceding sec
tion, shall be passed by the Supervis
ors without extending said improve
ment throughout the whole width of
such street.
Sec. 26. Wherever in this Article the
word "street" occurs, it shall be held to
Include all streets, lanes, alleys, places
and courts which have been, or may be
hereafter, dedicated and open to public
use, and whose grade and width have
been legally established; and the grade
of all Intermediate or intersecting
streets In any one block shall be deemed
to conform to the grades as established
at the crossings of the main streets.
The word "improvement" shall be
held to Include grading, paving, plank
ing, macadamizing, piling and capping;
and the construction and repairs of
sewers, cesspools, manholes, culverts,
drains, sidewalks and curbs.
The term "main street" shall mean
such street or streets as bound a
block, and the term "street" shall in
clude crossing.
The word "block" shall mean the
blocks known or designated as such
upon the maps and books of the As-
I sessor.
The term "quarter block," as used in
this Chapter as to irregular blocks,
shall be deemed to include all lots or
portions of lots, having any frontage
on either intersecting street half way
from such intersection to the next main
street, or, when no main street inter
venes, all the way to a boundary line
of the City and County.
The word "paved" shall include any
pavement of stone, iron, wood or other
material which the Supervisors may
by ordinance order to be used; but no
patented pavement shall be ordered
during the existence of the patent
therefor, until the owner of such pat
ent shall have transferred to the City
and County all right to the use of the
same therein, with the privilege to any
person to manufacture and lay the
same upon its streets under any con
tract that may be awarded to him, or
entered into by him with the City and
County.
The term "expense" shall Include the
price at which the contract was award
ed, and the term "incidental expenses"
shall include all expenses incurred in
printing and advertising the work con
tracted for, and all expenses for sur
veying, measuring and inspecting the
work.
All notices and resolutions required
in this Article to be published shall be
published daily, legal holidays except
ed, in the official newspaper.
All notices herein required to be
served, whether by delivery, mailing
or posting, may be so served by any
male citizen of the age of twenty-one
years, and his affidavit thereof shall be
prima facie evidence of such service.
The affidavit by the publisher of the
official newspaper, or his clerk, of the
publication of any notice required in
this Article to be published, shall be
prima facie evidence of such publica
tion.
Sec. 27. When the owners of all the
lands fronting upon any street which is
less than forty feet in width, for the
entire distance of said street, or for the
distance of one or more entire blocks,
shall petition the Board of Public
Works that the said street, or that por
tion thereof upon which said lands
front, be closed, the Board may pass a
resolution recommending that the same
be closed. Before passing such resolu
tion the Board shall cause a notice of
the application to be published in the
official newspaper, and shall fix a time
and place at which it will consider the
same and hear objections thereto. Upon
such hearing it shall determine whether
it will recommend that the street be
closed; and if it shall so determine, it
shall transmit such recommendation to
the Supervisors. Thereupon the Super
visors may pass an ordinance that the
street be closed; and the same shall not
thereafter be^ or be deemed to be, a
public street, or subject to any public
expense or improvement; and the land
theretofore included within the road
way and sidewalks of said street shall
thereafter be the property of the City
and County. No such ordinance shall
be passed until the petitioners shall
have paid all the expenses of said pro
ceedings.
Sec. 28. In all cases -where lands in
the City and County shall be hereafter
sub-divided and laid out into blccka or
plats, sub-lots, streets and alleys, or
when new streets or publio grounds
shall be laid out, opened, donated or
granted to the public by any proprietor,
the map or plat thereof shall be sub
mitted to the Board of Public Works
for its approval, and if the Board ap
prove the same, such approval shall be
by it indorsed upon the said map or
plat, and said map with said approval
shall then be filed in the office of the
Recorder; and without such approval
indorsed thereon no such map or plat
shall be filed in the office of the Re
corder, or have any validity; nor shall
any street, alley, or public ground here
after opened and dedicated as such, be
come or be a public street or be subject
to any public improvement or expense
without such approval, indorsement
and record. No street hereafter laid
out shall be approved or become a pub
lic street unless the same shall be at
least forty feet in width and two hun
dred feet distant from any parallel
street.
Sec. 29. The Board shall annually in
vite proposals for cleaning and sprink
ling such of the streets of the City and
County as the Board shall determine
should be cleaned and sprinkled at the
public expense. Before causing notice
for such proposals to be published the
Board shall divide the City and County
into such number of districts as in its
judgment will best induce competition
for bids, and secure the cleaning and
sprinkling of the streets at the lowest
cost. The Secretary of the Board shall,
under its direction, on the first Monday
in May of each year, cause to be pub
lished for a period of ten days a notice
inviting proposals for cleaning and
sprinkling each of said districts speci
fying in said notice the streets of each
district which are to be cleaned and
sprinkled, the number of times a week
that they are to be cleaned and sprin
kled, and the amount of security to be
given with each contract. Bids shall
be made for each district separately.
All the provisions of this Article in re
lation to the making and opening of
bids, awarding of contracts and enter
ing into and performance of contracts,
shall be applicable to said contracts.
The Board may, at the time it in
vites proposals for said cleaning and
for said sprinkling, also invite propo
sals for said cleaning separately and
for said sprinkling separately, and may
award such contracts accordingly as
may be for the best interest of the City
and County.
The Board may also, with the consent
of the Supervisors expressed by ordin
ance, purchase one or more machines
for sweeping the streets, and may en
ter into contracts for sweeping the
streets with said machines; but the
Board must give the preference to
handsweeplng so far as it can do so
with reference to the proper sweeping
of the streets and to the funds at its
disposal.
Sec. 30. The Board shall cause to be
made all urgent repairs upon the pub
lic streets that may from time to tnne
be requisite for the public safety, and
for that purpose may employ such la
borers as may be necessary, and at
such wages as may be from time to
time fixed by the Board; but when the
expense of the repairs upon any street
or portion of a street shall exceed the
sum of five hundred dollars, exclusive
of materials to be furnished from the
Corporation Store Yard, the same shall
be done under contract awarded in the
manner provided in this Article.
Sec. 31. The Board shall, from time
to time, after it shall have been direct
ed so to do by the Supervisors by or
dinance, invite proposals for supplying
to the City and County such materials
as may be required for the repair of
the public streets or for any improve
ment thereof, and such proceedings
shall be had in awarding the contracts
therefor as are in this Article provided
for awarding other contracts.
Sec. 32. The Supervisors shall select
some place in the City and County
which shall be known as the Corpora
tion Store Yard, wherein shall be kept
all supplies, material, implements an-1
machines belonging to the City and
County, to be used in repairing or clean
ing and sprinkling the streets, or for
any improvement thereon. The Board
of Public Works shall appoint a Store
keeper for said Yard, who shall
hold his office during its pleas
ure. He shall have the custody
of said Yard and of all the sup
plies, material and implements therein,
and shall keep books of account in
which shall be kept a systematic ac
count of all purchases, and of the re
ceipt of suonlies and material under
any contracts awarded under the pro
! visions of the preceding section, and of
! the delivery thereof, which books shall
at all times show the amount of said
! material and supplies on hand and in
I store, and when, to whom, and for
i wl.at purpose each article was deliver
ed. He shall be responsible for all ma
| terial and supplies in said Yard, and
! shall not deliver any article except
| upon the written order or requisition
; of the President and Secretary of the
Board of Public Works, and he shall
take the written receipt, indorsed upon
; said order, of each person to whom
i any delivery is made, specifying the
j date of such delivery and the amount
I and kind of material and supplies de
! livered. For any deficiency in his ac
| counts or for the delivery of any ar
i tide without such order or requisition
| and receipt, he shall be liable upon hi 9
| official bond. All cobblestones, or stone
i blocks or other material with which
I any street or portion of a street may
! have been paved or planked shall, if at
| any time removed from said street,
'■ be taken to said Yard, and there kept,
| accounted for and disposed of by the
Storekeeper in the same manner as
other supplies.
CHAPTER IIL
Opening, Straightening, Widening,
Extending and Changing the
Grade of Streets.
SECTION 1. When an application
shall be made to the Board of Public
Works for the straightening, widening
or extending of any street, or for the
laying out, establishing or opening of
a new street, signed by the
owners of a majority of the
frontage of the lands upon the line
of said street, or proposed street, and
such improvement requires the con
demnation of private property, and the
Board shall by resolution determine
that the improvement would be of pub
lic benefit, it shall make an estimate
of the expense of such improvement,
and determine by resolution the district
which will be affected by, and should
be assessed for, the expense of such im
provement. No proceedings shall be
had upon the filing of such petition un
til after the persons signing the same
shall have deposited with the Secretary
of the Board an amount of money
which, as may be determined by the
Board, will be sufficient to defray all
the expense that may be incurred in
case the Supervisors shall not pass an
ordinance for said improvement.
Sec. 2. If within three months after
the passage of the resolution determin
ing such district, a majority of the
owners of the land within said district
who shall also be the owners of two
thirds of the superficial square feet of
the property included within said dis
trict, and of three-fourths in value of
said property — including improvements
thereon — estimating said value accord
ing to the last preceding Assessment
Book of the City and County, shall
present to the Board a petition for said
improvement, verified by their oaths
and describing the lands of which they
are the owners, and showing the
amount at which the same was as
sessed upon the last preceding Assess
ment Book of the City and County, and
stating that they are the owners and
in possession of the lands named in said
petition, the Board shall pass a reso
lution of its intention to recommend
such improvement to the Supervisors,
and shall in such resolution specify a
day upon which it will hear any ob
jections that may be made to such im
provement.
Before passing such resolutibn of In
tention, the Board shall cause to be
prepared a map or diagram of the dis
trict affected by and to be assessed for
the expense of such improvement, upon
which shall be delineated the several
lots of land upon which said assess
ment is to be levied, and also the lot 3
of land which are to be taken for such
improvement, and showing the name of
the person to whom the said lots were
assessed upon the last Assessment Book
of the City and County, together with,
the amounts of such assessments.
Sec. 3. The Secretary of the Board
shall thereupon cause said resolution
of intention to be published for a pe
riod of thirty days, non-judicial days
excepted, and shall also cause a copy
of said resolution to be deposited, post
age prepaid, in the Post Office at the
City and County, addressed to each
person whose name is delineated upon
said map, at least ten days before the
day named for hearing objections
thereto.
Sec. 4. At any time before the day
fixed in such resolution for hearing ob
jections to such improvement, any per
son interested therein may file with the
Secretary of the Board his objections
thereto, briefly stating the grounds
thereof and the nature of his Interest;
and upon the day fixed for hearing the
same, or some day to which the hear
ing thereof shall then be postponed,
the Board shall proceed to hear and
determine the sufficiency of any objec
tions which may have be°n filed.
Sec. 5. If the Board shall determine
that such objections are sufficient to
prevent a recommendation of the im
provement, it shall pass a resolution to
that effect, and no further proceedings
shall be had under said petition. If
no objections have been filed, or if tha
Board shall determine that the objec
tions filed are insufficient, it may pass
a resolution recommending to the Su
pervisors said improvement, and in its
recommendation shall specially report
to the Supervisors whether in its opin
ion the land within the district speci
fied as affected by said improvement
will be benefited to the extent of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 6. If the Board shall pass a
resolution recommending said improve
ment, the Secretary shall forthwith
transmit to the Clerk of the Supervis
ors a copy of said resolution, together
with the petition, map, estimate of the
expense of said improvement, and any
objections that may have been filed;
and the Supervisors shall at their first
regular meeting thereafter, or at any
meeting to which said hearing may
have been adjourned, pass upon said
recommendation, and may by resolu
tion adopt or reject the same. If said
recommendation is rejected no further
action shall be had thereon or upon
said petition. If the Supervisors shall
adopt said recommendation, they shall
within thirty days thereafter pass an
ordinance providing for said improve
ment, and may in said ordinance pre
scribe such rules for the conduct of the
Board of Public Works respecting tho
assessment and valuation to be made
by said Board, and providing for the
condemnation of said lands, and tha
collection of said assessment, in addi
tion to, and not inconsistent with, the
rules herein prescribed, as to said Su
pervisors shall seem expedient. Upon
the passage of said ordinance the Cleric
of the Supervisors shall transmit a cer
tified copy thereof to the Board of Public
Works.
Sec. 7. Upon the receipt by the
Board of a certified copy of said ordi
nance the Board shall cause to be
made an accurate survey of the con
templated improvement, and a map
thereof, upon which shall be deline
ated each and every lot of land to be
taken or appropriated for the purposes
of the intended improvement, showing
its extent in feet and inches, and also
each and every lot of land within the
district determined to be affected by,
and which is to be assessed for, the
cost and expense of said improvement.
After said survey and map are made,
the Board shall pass a resolution fix
ing a day on or after which it will pro
ceed to value the several lots of land
to be taken for the purpose of the in
tended improvement, and ascertain
and determine the damages and bene
fits which may result therefrom.
The Secretary of the Board shall
cause said resolution to be published
for a period of ten days before the day
fixed in said resolution for proceeding
to make said valuation.
In estimating the damage to any lot
by reason of any portion of aald lot
having been taken for public use, as
here*! provided, the measure of dam
age to said lot shall be the difference
at the time of said appropriation be— -
tween the value of said lot In its en- I
tirety and its value as reduced in size :
1 v the appropriation of a part thereof .
to said public use. The expense of the j
improvement shall include the value
of the land taken, with the improve
ments, if any, thereon, and the expense
of the proceedings for its appropriation
or condemnation.
Pec. 8. On the day named in said
notice and upon such other days as the
matter may be continued to. from time
to time, the Board shall proceed to
value the several parcels of land nec
essary to be taken for the purpose of
the intended improvement. Such value
Bhall be ascertained us of the time of
Bold inquiry, independently of any ap
preciation or depreciation that may be
cattt'td to the same by reason of such
intended improvement, and the Board
i.hall fir such valuation as the amount
to be given to the owners therefor.
The Board shall also aasess the beno
fits and damag»s which may result
from the contemplated improvement
of the lands within said district, and
t-hall distribute the total value of all j
the lands and Improvement* taken, to- i
jrether with the damages, if any,
caused by said improvement to the ad- j
Jacent lands, and the estimated cost,
and expense of said Improvement, in :
the form of an assessment upon each
and every lot of land within the dis
trlct determined to be affected by eaid i
improvement in proportion to the ben- |
efits which the Board shall determine j
will be received by said lots and lands:.
Sec. 9. The meetings of the Board,
when engaged In making said valua
tion and assessment, shall be public
and held at the office of the Board, and j
all persona Interested in such valua- ,
tion and assessment shall have the
right to be present and be heard in j
person or by counsel. All persons
claiming any Interest in the lands to
be taken for said improvement, or that
will be damaged thereby, are required
at or during such hearing, to file with
the Board, plats, and a description of
their respective lots of land.
Sec. 10. In making said assessment
and valuation the Commissioners shall
act as a Board, and said assessment i
and valuation shall be authenticated
by the signatures of said Commission
ers, and every assessment and valua
tion so authenticated and recorded in
the Book of Assessments for Condem
nation shall be prima facie evidence
Of the correctness and regularity of all
the proceedings of said Board and of
the Supervisors prior to the date of
such record.
Sec. 11. In determining the valuation
of the property which Is taken for said ;
Improvement the Board shall in its re
port set forth, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot j
thereof, the. amount allowed for the j
same, the name of the owner of each i
lot, when known (and if unknown, that
fact shall be stated*, and the name of
any claimant thereto, or to any inter
est therein: and in making the assess
ment for the expense of said improve- |
ment the Board shall set forth in the j
assessment, under appropriate head
ings, a brief description of each lot
assessed, the amount assessed against
the same, the person to whom said
property was assessed upon the next
preceding Assessment Book of the City
and County, the owner thereof, if
known (and If unknown, that fact shall
be stated), and the total amount of the
expense of said improvement.
Sec. 12. Upon the completion of said
valuation and assessment, the Board
shall cause to be published for ten days
a notice of the completion of said as
sessment and valuation, notifying all
parties therein to examine the same; !
and for that purpose said assessment,
valuation and map shall be opened
and exhibited to public inspection at i
the office of the Board for thirty days
after the first publication of said no
tice. During said period of thirty j
days, but not thereafter, the Board <
may alter, change or modify said as- '
sessment. Upon the expiration of said
thirty days it shall complete the same
in the form of a report and schedule,
embracing the value of the lands taken
and the assessment of said value, to
gether with the expense of the im
provement, as hereinbefore provided,
upon the several lots of land embraced
within the aforesaid district. Said re
port and schedule shall, within sixty
days after the first publication of the
last mentioned notice, be filed in the
office of the County Clerk, together
with a petition signed by the President
of said Board, to the Superior Court,
praying for a judgment of said Court
confirming the assessment contained
therein against the respective lots
therein described as assessed, and for
the condemnation and conveyance to
the City and County, upon the payment
of the ViJue thereof as ascertained by
said report, of each of the lots of land
alleged in said petition to be necessary
to be taken for said improvement.
Sec. 13. On filing such petition, and
upon application to said Court, the
Presiding Judge thereof shall appoint
some day, not less than ten nor more
than thirty days thereafter, as the
time when any objections to the con
firmation of said report will be heard
by said Court. The Clerk of said Court
shall thereupon cause to be published
for ten days in the official newspaper,
a notice of the filing of said report and
of the day assigned for the hearing of
any objections that may be made there
to. Any party interested therein may
at any time before the day assigned for
the hearing thereof file in said Court
hie objections in writing to the confirm
ation of the same, specifying his objec
tions; and all objections not specified
shall be deemed waived. Upon the day
fixed in said order said Court shall pro
ceed to the hearing of any objections
that may have been filed to the con
firmation of said report. Upon proof of
publication of said notice said Court
shall have and take jurisdiction of said
report and of the subject matter
thereof as a special proceeding; and
upon said day and at any other time
or times to which said hearing may be
adjourned may hear the allegations of
the parties and proofs adduced in sup
port of the same, and may confirm said
report, or change, alter or modify the
Fame, or cause the same to be changed,
filtered or modified by said Board. Said
judgment of confirmation shall be a
lien upon each lot of In rid described in
p.iii report for the amount assessed
against the same, and shall provide for
the conveyance to the City and County
of each and every of the lots of land
declared necessary for the purpose of
said improvement, upon the payment of
the value thereof as fixed by such
judgment. Said Hen shall remain in
force until said assessment is paid or
legally discharged.
Pec. 14. Any person who has filed
objections to the confirmation of said
report may appeal from said judgment
to the Supreme Court at any time with
in thirty days after the entry of such
Judgment. The amount of the under
taking on stich appeal shall be fixed by
said Presiding Judge, and such under
taking shall be made payable to the
City and County. Fnr the purposes of
such appeal the judgment roll of the
proceedings In the Superior Court shall
consist of the report, objections. Judg
ment and bill of exceptions, or so much
thereof as may be necessary to deter
ivine said appeal. Tf said Judgment be
reversed or modified the Superior Court
Bhall take such proceedings as will
cause said assessment and valuation
to be made In accordance with the de
cision of the Supreme Court. The City
Attorney shall act as the attorney for
the Board of Public Works in proceed
ings under this Chapter.
Sec. 15. After the confirmation of
said report, if the time for appealing
has expired, or if an appeal ha.s been
• In ken and the judgment appealed from
has been affirmed, upon the application
of the Board of Public Works the Clerk
of the Superior Court shall issue a cer
tificate to that effect to eaid Board;
and stiid assessment shall then be re
led in the Book of Assessments for
Condemnation kept for that purpose,
and the record thereof signed by the
President and Secretary of said Board.
The Secretary shall then deliver to the
Tax Collector the assessment so con
firmed and recorded, together with said
certificate of said Clerk, and a warrant
to the Tax Collector directing him to
collect the said assessment. The Tax
Collector shall, if any part of said as
sessment is not paid within twenty
days after said assessment, certificate
and warrant shall have been delivered
to him, give notice in the official news
paper by ten days' publication therein
that he will, on a day and time certain,
to be not more than ten days after the
expiration of said publication, sell such
of the lots of land on which the assess
ment thereon remains unpaid, describ
ing each of said lots so delinquent, to
gether with the amount of the assess
ment and costs due on each, and shall
Include as part of said costs five per
centum on the amount due on each as
sessment so delinquent, as and for the
expenses of said sale. He shall there
upon sell such lots pursuant to such
notice. Redemption may be made from
such sale within the time and in the
manner and on the terms as on sales
made under execution as provided in
the Code of Civil Procedure of this
State. If any amount remain
in the hands of the Tax Collector
as a result of the collection of said as
sessment beyond thai necessary to
make the compensation provided for in
the next succeeding section, and to pay
the necessary expenses of said sale,
such surplus shall be paid by him pro
portionately to those whose land has
been sold as aforesaid.
Sec. 16. Upon the report of th« Tax
Btor to the Supervisors that the
at of said assessment has been
ted and paid into the treasury,
upervisors shall order to be paid
t the treasury the sums fixed In
udgment as the compensation for
nds to be taken for said improve
and upon the delivery to the
Treasurer by any person entitled to re
ceive compensation for any lot of land
so taken, of a conveyance of said lot
of land to the City and County, ap
proved by the City Attorney, and a
certificate from the City Attorney that
such person is entitled to the compen
sation for the lands described In said
conveyance, the Treasurer shall pay to
said person the amount awarded for
said lot by said judgment of condemna
tion, after the demand therefor has
been audited by the Auditor.
Sec. 17. If the owner of any of said
lots or sub-divisions neglect or refuse
for ten days to make and deliver such
conveyance, or be unable by reason of
incapacity to make a good and suffi
cient conveyance thereof to the City
and County, or if the City Attorney
shall certify that the title to any of
said lots is in dispute or uncertain, or
that there are conflicting claimants to
the amount awarded as compensation
therefor, or to any part thereof, a war
rant upon the treasury for the payment
of the amount so awarded shall be by
order of the Supervisors drawn by th»
President and Secretary of the Board
of Public Works, together with a cer
tificate of the Treasurer indorsed
thereon that the said warrant has been
registered by him and that there ar«
funds in the treasury set apart to pay
the same, shall be deposited with the
County Clerk; and thereupon, upon a
petition to said presiding Judge by the
President ofthesaid Board, setting forth
said facts, said Judge shall issue an
order ex parte directing the Sheriff to
place said Board in the possession of
said land.
Sec. 18. At any time thereafter any
claimant to said award, or any part
thereof, may file his petition in said
Superior Court against all parties in
interest for an adjudication of all con
flicting claims to the same, or for an
order that the same he paid to him,
and thereupon such proceedings shall
be had thereon as may be agreeable
to law and equity. Upcn entry of final
judgment in such proceeding, the
County Clerk shall, after said demand
has been audited by the Auditor, col
lect the warrant and pay the proceeds
to the person or persons named in said
judgment as entitled thereto. It shall
be provided in said Judgment that be
fore receiving the proceeds of said war
rant said party, or some one author
ized in his behalf, shall make and ex
ecute to said City and County and de
liver to the County Clerk a sufficient
conveyance of said lot of land. Im
mediately after taking possession of
the land required for said street, the
Board shall report that fact to the Su
pervisors.
Sec. 19. If any member of the Board
be interested in any of the land to be
taken or assessed for such improve
ment, the Mayor shail appoint, for the
purpose of making the said assess
ment and valuation only, some compe
tent person to act as one of the Com
missioners therefor, who shall possess
the same qualifications as are provided
for said Commissioners, and who, be
fore entering upon his duties, shall
take the oath of office required of said
Commissioners, and enter into a bond
for such amount as may be fixed by the
Supervisors.
Sec. 20. The Supervisors may, on the
written recommendation of the Board
of Public Works, change the grade of
any street or street crossing in the
manner and to the grade set out In
such recommendation; but no grade
shall be changed unless the same pro
ceedings are taken by way of provid
ing compensation to those who may
suffer damage by such change of
grade, so far as such proceedings may
be applicable, as are hereinbefore pro-
Tided In the matter of opening,
straightening, widening and extending
streets; and where such proceedings
are not applicable they may be sup
plemented by ordinance of the E'jper-
CHAPTER IV.
Sewers and Drainage.
SECTION 1. The Board of Public
Works shall devise a general system
of drainage, which shall embrace all
matters relative to the thorough, sys
tematic and effectual drainage of the
City and County, and shall from time
to time make to the Supervisors such
recommendations upon the subject of
sewerage and drainage as it may deem
proper.
Sec. 2. The Board shall prescribe the
location, form and material to be used
in the construction, reconstruction and
repairing of all public sewers, man
holes, sinks, drains, cesspools, and all
other appurtenances belonging to the
drainage system, and of every private
drain or sewer emptying into a public
sewer, and determine the place and
manner of the connection.
Sec. S. The Board shall recommend
to the Supervisors rules and regula
tions concerning the public and priva
sewers and drains in the City an(
County, and upon recommendation o
said Board, the Supervisors are autho
ized to pass an ordinance establishin
the same and prescribing the penalti
for any violation thereof.
Bee. 4. No person shall connect wit
or open or penetrate any, public sew
or drain without first obtaining a pc
mlt in writing from said Board, an
complying with the rules and regul
tlons of the Board in reference theret
Sec. 5. The Board may also recom
mend to the Supervisors the constru
tion of such canals, sewers, tunne
ditches, drains, embankments, reser
voirs, pumping works, machinery and
other works necessary for the proper
and effectual drainage of the City and
County, together with plans for con
necting the same with sewers and pri
vate drains already constructed or
thereafter to be constructed.
Sec. 6. The Supervisors may, upon
the recommendation of the Board of
Public Works, by ordinance passed by
not less than fourteen affirmative votes,
authorize the purchase of any personal
property or the acquisition by purchase
or condemnation of any real estate
which may be necessary for the con
struction of any sewer or the making of
any improver. ent provided for in this
Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Board may, with the like
approval of the Supervisors, agree with
the owners of any real estate, upon
which it Is deemed desirable to con
struct any sewer or other improvement
CHARTEB FOR THE CITY AND COUXTYOPSAN' FRAXCISCO.
relative to sewerage or drainage, upon
the amount of damage to be paid to
such owners for the purpose of such
improvement and for the perpetual use
of said real estate for said purpose.
Sec. S. The Board may, when au
thorized by ordinance of the Supervis
ors passed by not less than fourteeen
affirmative votes, construct such sew
ers, reservoirs and pumping works as
may be necessary to carry out the gen
eral system of sewerage for the City
and County.
Sec. 9. When, upon the recommenda
tion of the Board of Public Works, the
Supervisors shall determine upon any
improvement for the purpose of sewer
age and drainage which necessitates
the acquisition or condemnation of pri
vate property, and the Board is unable
to agree with the owner thereof, upon
the amount of compensation or dam
ages to be paid therefor, or when such
owner is in any way incapable of mak
ing any agreement in reference thereto,
and in all cases in which the Board
shall deem it most expedient, it shall,
when authorized by the Supervisors ex
pressed by ordinance, have the right to
cause said property to be condemned,
and to institute proceedings for the
condemnation of such property, or for
the ascertainment of such damages in
the manner, so far as may be applica
ble, which is provided in this Article for
the condemnation of real estate when
necessary for tha opening of any new
street.
CHAPTER V.
Harbors and Wharves.
SECTION 1. All the Wharves, Water
Front and Harbor of San Francisco
which now belong or may hereafter be
long to the City and County, or over
which it may at any time lawfully ex
ercise Jurisdiction and control, shall be
under the management and control of
the Supervisors. All said wharves shall
be built and repaired by the Board of
Public Works, after proceedings had
as provided in this Article for the im
provement or repair of public build
ings.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall by ordi
nance fix and regulate the tolls for
wharfage and dockage, and shall pro
vide for the collection of the same, ex
cept where the wharves are under the
jurisdiction of the Board of State Har
bor Commissioners, or may provide
that no charges, tolls, dockage or
wharfage be imposed or collected. The
Supervisors shall not have power to
dispose of any wharf, but they may
lease any wharf for a term not exceed
ing two years.
ARTICLE VII.
PUBLIC SCHOOLS AND LIBRA
RIES.
CHAPTER I.
The Board of Education.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall be under the control and manage
ment of a Board of Education com
posed of four School Directors, who
shall be appointed by the Mayor, and
who shall give their entire time to the
duties of their office. They shall each
receive an annual salary of three thou
sand dollars. They shall not be less
than thirty years of age and must have
been residents of the City and County
for at least five years prior to their ap
pointment. The Board shall never be
so constituted as to consist of more
than two members of the same politi
cal party. The term of office of the Di
rectors shall be four years. Those first
appointed shall so classify themselves
by lot that they shall respectively go
out of office at the expiration of one,
two, three and four years.
Sec. 2. The -loard shall organize by
electing one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected. The Board may
elect a Secretary who shall not be a
member of the Board, and who shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. Tn"e Board shall meet at least
once a week and at such other times as
it may determine. It shall establish
rules for its proceedings; but the con
current vote of the majority of its
members shall be necessary to transact
business. In every instance where a
power is exercised under this Article by
the Board the vote thereon shall be
taken by ayes and noes and entered in
the minutes of the Board.
CHAPTER li.
Schools.
SECTION 1. The School Department
shall comprise all the public schools of
the City and County and shall include
primary and grammar schools and may
include evening, deportment, technical,
cosmopolitan, high and normal schools.
Sec. 2. Adults shall be entitled to free
Instruction in the evening schools; but
no child under fourteen years of age
shall be admitted to such schools.
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Board of Education.
SECTION 1. In addition to the powers
conferred by the general laws of the
State, the Board of Education shall
have power:
1. To establish and maintain public
schools as provided in this Article, and
to change, modify, consolidate or dis
continue the same aa the public wel
fare may require.
2. To employ such teachers and per
sons as may be necessary to carry into
effect its powers and duties; to fix,
alter and approve their salaries and
compensation, and to withhold for good
and sufficient cause the whole or any
part of the wages, salary or compensa
tion of any person or persons employed
as aforesaid; and to promote, transfer
and dismiss teachers; but no teacher
in the department at the time of the
adoption of this Charter, or who shall
be hereafter appointed, shall be dis
missed from the department, except
for insubordination, immoral or unpro
fessional conduct, or evident unfitness
for teaching. All promotions of teachers
shall be based solely on merit and suc
cessful teaching. Nothing in this sec
tion shall be construed to prevent the
Board from removing teachers holding
only special certificates or serving a
probationary term. Charges against
teachers must be formally made by the
Superintendent after due investigation,
and shall be finally passed upon by the
Board after giving the accused teacher
due hearing.
3. To grant, to renew and, for the
causes mentioned In section one, sub
division two, of this Chapter, to re
voke, teachers' certificates.
4. To establish and enforce all nec
essary rules and regulations for the
government and efficiency of the
Bchools and for carrying into effect
the school system; to remedy truancy;
to compel the attendance at school oi
children between the ages of six and
fourteen years who may be found idle
in public places during school hours.
6. To investigate charges against
any person connected with or in thf
employ of the School Department, and
to take testimony in such investiga
6. To receive, to take on lease and tc
hold in trust for the City and County
any real estate belonging to or claimed
by the School Department. To hold ir,
trust all personal property that may
have been or may hereafter be ac
quired by the School Department.
7. On or before the first day in Apri:
in each year, to appoint School Cfnsus
Marshals, and notify the Superintend
ent of Common' -hods of such appoint
ments. Any Census Marshal fo>:nd in
competent may be discharged by th«
Superintendent of Common Schools
Snould the Board fail or nep^c c tc fit
the vacancy so caused within throe day.'
thereafter by the appointment of a per
son competent to perform the d-ities oi
Census Marshal, such vacancy may b(
fined by the Superintendent of Com
mon Schools.
8. To sue in the name of the City an/
County for lots, lands and property be- j
longing to or claimed by the School ;
Department. To prosecute and defend |
all actions at law or special proceedings j
or suits in equity conce.-iing the enjoy- I
ment and possession cf such lots, lands i
and property. To require the services
of the City Attorney in all actions;,
suits and proceedings by or against the
Board of Education.
9. To establish regulations for the i
disbursement of all moneys belonging
to the School Department or to the
Common School Fund, and to secure
Btrict accountability in the expenditure j
thereof; to provide for the prompt pay- j
ment, on not later than the fifth day of
every month, of all salaries due and al
lowed officers, teachers and other em
ployees of the School Department. For
this purpose the Auditor shall annually
segregate so much of the Common
School Fund as shall not exceed twen
ty-eight dollars for each pupil in ay- |
erage daily attendance in the Public
Schools of the City and County during
the preceding fiscal year. The amount
so segregated shall not be applied to the j
payment of any demand against such j
Common School* Fund during any fiscal
year other than for salaries, until all !
salaries for that fiscal year have been
fully paid or provided for. The Board
shall ascertain and transmit to the Au
ditor on or before the first Monday in
April of each year an estimate of the
amount required for such segregation
within such limit of twenty-eight dol
lars.
10. All demands payable out of the
Common School Fund shall be filed
with the Secretary of the Board of Ed
ucation, and after they have been ap
proved by the Board, they shall be
signed by the President of the Board
and the Superintendent and sent to the
Auditor. Every demand shall have en
dorsed upon it a certificate, signed by
the Secretary, of its approval by the
Board of Education, showing the
date thereof, and the law authoriz
ing it by title, date and section, j
Every person in the employ of
I the School Department entitled to
a salary therefrom shall receive a j
I warrant for the amount due and ap-
I proved by the Board, signed by the j
| President and Secretary thereof. The
I entire monthly salary roll of the De
| partment shall be made up by the Sec
retary of the Board, and after being
duly audited by the Finance Committee
thereof and approved by a majority of j
all the members of the Board, shall be !
endorsed in the same manner as other
demands. The salary roll so audited,
approved and endorsed, shall be imme
diately transmitted to the Auditor not
later than the third day of every month
for comparison with the individual sal
ary warrants issued in the manner
above provided; but payments shall be
made only on the individual warrants
issued in accordance herewith.
11. To lease to the highest responsi
ble bidder, far the benefit of th.r Com
mon School Fund, for a term not ex
ceeding twenty years, any real property
I of the School Department not required
j for school purposes; but no lease shall
: be made except after advertisement for
i bids for at least fifteen days in the offl
| cial newspaper and by an affirmative
', vote of at least three members of the
i Board approved by an ordinance of the
Supervisors.
12. To receive and manage property
; or money acquired by bequest or dona
j tion in trust for the benefit of any
school, educational purpose or school
j library; to carry into effect the terms
! of any bequest not in conflict with the
I general laws or this Charter; and to sell
such personal property as shall no
longer be required for v: : in the
schools. All moneys realized by such
: sales shall be at once paid into the
I treasury to the credit of the Common
j School Fund.
Sec. 2. The Board shall annually, be
| fore the first day of May, make a list of
supplies estimated to be required by the :
; School Department for the ensuing fis- :
■ cal year, stating in clear and explicit j
, terms the quantity and kind of articles
! needed and how and when they shall be
delivered, and shall invite proposals for
furnishing the same by advertising
therefor for at least ten days in the :
! official newspaper.
The provisions of Article IT. Chapter
j ITT. of this Charter, in regard to. the ad
j vertislng for proposals, the affidavit
I and security accompanying the same,
I thr> presentation and opening of propo
', sals, the awarding of contracts and the
i security for the performance thereof,
I shall, so far as the same can be made
applicable, apply to all proposals and j
contracts made, awarded or entered I
into for furnishing supplies to the I
School Department. Any contract made I
in violation of any provision of this I
Article shall be void.
Sec. 3. The Board shall, during each
i year, transmit to the Supervisors a re
! port in writing for the preceding fiscal i
I year, stating the number of schools
i within its jurisdiction, the length of
I time they have been kept open, the
I number of pupils taurrht in each school,
the average daily attendance of pu
pils in all the public schools, the
number, names and salaries of teach
ers, the dates of their appointments
and the character of the certificates
held by them, the amount of money
drawn from the treasury by the De
partment during the year, distinguish
ing the State fund from all others, the
purpose for which such money has been
expended, with particulars, and such
other Information as may be required
J by the State Superintendent, the Super
visors or the Mayor.
Sec. 4. The Board shall, between the
first and twenty-first days of May of
each year, adopt a schedule of salaries
■ for the next ensuing fiscal year for
j teachers and all employees of the
! School Department.
CHAPTER IV.
Superintendent of Schools.
SECTION 1. The Superintendent of
Common Schools of the City and Coun
ty shall be by virtue of his office a
member of the Board of Education,
without the right to vote. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four thousand
dollars.
Sec. 2. The Superintendent shall ap
point four Deputy Superintendents.
The number of such deputies shall not
be increased until the average daily at
tendance shall have reached forty-five
thousand, when the Superintendent
shall appoint one additional deputy,
and thereafter he shall appoint one
deputy for each additional eight
thousand children in average daily
attendance. If from any cause a
vacancy occurs in the office of Deputy
Superintendent, such vacancy shall be
filled by the Superintendent.
Sec. 3. Of the Deputy Superin
tendents first appointed, the Superin
tendent shall appoint two for two
years and two for four years. All
Deputy Superintendents subsequently
appointed shall hold office for four
years.
Sec. 4. Such deputies must have had
at least ten years' successful experi
ence as teachers, and shall have been
residents of the City and County at
least five years preceding their ap
pointment.
Sec. 5. In addition to the duties im
posed by the general laws of the State,
it shall be the duty of the Superin
tendent:
1. To observe and enforce all rules
and regulations of the Board of Educa
tion and to see that no religious or sec
tarian books or teachings are allowed
in the schools.
2. To report to the Board of Educa
tion annually, on or before the twen
tieth day of August, and at such other
times as the Board may require, all
matters pertaining to the condition and
progress of the public schools of the
City and County during the fiscal year,
with such recommendations as he may
deem proper.
3. To inform the Board of the con
dition of the schools, schoolhouses and
of other matters connected therewith,
and to recommend such measures as
he may deem necessary for the ad
vancement of education in the City and
County, and for the care and improve
ment of the property of the School De
partment.
4. To visit and examine with the as
sistance of his deputies all the schools
at least twice a year and determine
their standing and classification. To
recommend rules for the promotion of
pupils from grade to grade,- from
school to school, and for the transfer
and the graduation of pupils.
5. To recommend to the Board the
courses of studies; the text-books and
books for supplementary use in the
public schools and the purchase of such
apparatus, books, stationery and other
class-room supplies as may be required
in the schools.
6. To report to the Board once a
month upon the standing of schools ex
amined by him and his deputies.
Sec. 6. The Superintendent and his
deputies shall constitute the City
Board of Examination, and shall have
power :
1. To examine applicants, and to
prescribe a standard of proficiency,
which will entitle the person examined
to receive:
a. A high school certificate, valid for
six years, which shall authorize the
holder to teach any primary, gram
mar, or high school in the City and
County.
b. A City certificate, grammar
grade, valid for six years, which shall
authorize the holder to teach any
primary or grammar school In the City
and County.
c. A City certificate, primary grade,
valid for two years, which shall au
thorize the holder to teach any primary
school in the City and County. They
shall report the result of the examina
tion to the Board of Education, and
the Board shall thereupon issue to the
successful candidates the certificates
to which they shall be entitled.
2. To recommend applicants for
special certificates valid for a period
not to exceed six years, upon such
special studies as may be authorized by
the Board of Education.
3. For immoral or unprofessional
conduct, profanity, intemperance, or
evident unfltness for teaching, to
recommend to the Board of Education
the revocation of any certificates pre
viously granted by the Board.
4. To recommend the granting of
City certificates and the renewal
thereof, in the manner provided for the
granting and renewal of County cer
tificates by County Boards of Educa
tion in section seventeen hundred and
seventy-five of the Political Code.
CHAPTER V.
School Tax Levy\
SECTION 1. The Board of Education
shall, on or before the first Monday of
April in each year, report to the Super
visors an estimate of the amount which
shall be required during the ensuing
fiscal year for the purpose of meeting
the current annual expenses of public
instruction in the City and County,
specifying the amount required for sup
plies to be furnished pupils, including
text books for indigent children; for
purchasing and procuring sites; for
leasing rooms or erecting buildings; for
furnishing, fitting up, altering, enlarg
ing and repairing buildings; for the
support of schools organized since the
last annual apportionment; for the sal
ary of the School Directors, Superinten
dent, Deputy Superintendents, and all
other persons employed in the School
Department, and for other expenditures
necessary for the administration of the
Public School System; but the aggre
gate amount so reported for any one
year shall not exceed the sum of thirty
two dollars and fifty cents for each pu
pil, who In the fiscal year immediately
prior thereto actually attended the
schools entitled to participate in the
apportionment thereof.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors at the time
and in the manner of levying and col
\ lecting other city and county taxes
shall levy and cause to be collected for
the Common School Fund a tax which,
added to the regular re%'enue derived
from other sources, shall produce an
! amount of money which shall not ex
: ceed thirty-two dollars and fifty cents
I for each pupil In attendance during the
preceding fiscal year, as ascertained
and reported by the Board of Educa
tion.
Sec. 3. In case of extreme emergency
or great calamity, such as disaster from
fire, riot, earthquake or public enemy,
the Board of Education may, with the
approval of the Mayor and Supervisors,
incur extraordinary expenditures in ex
j cess of the annual limit provided for in
this Charter, for the repair and con
struction and furnishing of school
houses in place of those so Injured or
destroyed. The Supervisors may, by
ordinance, cause to be transferred to
the Common School Fund, from moneys
in any fund not otherwise appropriated,
sufficient money to liquidate such ex
| penditures, and provide for the same in
i the next tax levy of the City and Coun
ty.
CHAPTER VI.
School Houses and Lots.
SECTION 1. When any locality in
the City and County is unprovided
with sufficient school accommodations,
the Board of Education may, by reso
lution, make a requisition upon the
Board of Public Works for plans and
specifications and estimates for a new
school house, specifying the number of
class rooms needed, the location or the
proposed school house, the date on
which it should be completed, th»
amount of money in the School Fund
available for the purpose, and such
other information as will enable the
Board'of Public Works to prepare the
necessary plans, specifications and esti
mates of cost for such school house.
If such plans, specifications and esti
mates are approved by the Board of
Education, they shall be endorsed
"Approved," with the date of such ap
proval, by the President and Secretary
thereof, and returned to the Board of
Public Works, which shall proceed
without delay to have such school
house constructed and completed in ac
cordance therewith.
When such school house Is complet
ed, the Board of Public Works shall
notify the Board of Education to ex
amine the same, and if It has been
built in accordance with the plans and
| specifications and within the estimated
| cost thereof, the Board of Education
shall accept and take possession of it.
Sec. 2. When an- school house. build-
Ing, fence or other property belonging
to, or connected with, or under the
control of. the Board of Education,
needs repairing, altering or improv-
Wie Board shall notify the
of Public Works, specifying
?ral terms the work to be
The Board of Public Works
shall cause the same to be done forth
with, if the cost thereof shall not ex
ceed two hundred and fifty dollars:
otherwise the Board of Public Works
shall submit plans, specifications and
estimates of cost to the Board of Edu
cation for its approval, and if approved
as provided in section one of this Chap
ter, the Board of Public Works shall
cause the same to be done, and if done
in accordance with the plans and speci
fications, and within such estimate, the
same shall be accepted and shall b»
paid for out of the Common School
Sec. 3. When it is necessary to pur
chase a lot for the use of the School
Department, the price paid for such lot
shf»ll not exceed the market value of
adjacent property of equal size and
similarly situated. Any school build
ing hereafter constructed shall have a
clear space of at least ten feet around
the same.
CHAPTER VII.
Public Library and Reading Rooms.
SECTION 1. The Public Library and |
Reading Rooms of the City and County
shall be under the management of a
Board of twelve Trustees, one of whom
shall be the Mayor of the City and Coun
ty, who shall be a member of the Board
by virtue of his office. The Board of
Trustees of said Library and Reading
Rooms in office at the time this Char-^
ter shall take effect shall continue to
constitute the Board of Trustees of
said Public Library and Reading
Rooms; and all vacancies therein shall
be filled by said Board. None of said
Trustees shall receive any compensa
tion for his services.
Sec. 2. The Supervisors shall, for
the purpose of maintaining such
Library and Reading Rooms and
such branches thereof as the Board of
Library Trustees may from time to
time t.na'lish, and for purchasing
books, journals and periodicals, and for
purchasing or leasing: real and -ersonal
property, and for constructing such
buildings as may be necessary, an
nually levy a tax on all property in
the City and County not exempt from
taxation which shall not be less than
one and one-half cents nor more than
two and one-half cents upon each one
hundred dollars assessed valuation of
said property. The proceeds of said
tax shall be credited to the Library
Fund.
Sec. 3. All revenue from such tax,
together with all money or property
derived by gift, devise, bequest or
otherwise) for the purpose of the Li
brary, shall be paid into the treasury
and be designated as the Library
Fund and be applied to the purposes
herein authorized. If such payment
into the treasury should be inconsistent
with the conditions or terms of any
such gift, devise or bequest, the Board
shall provide for the safety and pres
ervation of the same and the applica
tion thereof to the use of the Library
and Reading Rooms, la accordance witk
the terms and conditions of such gift,
devise or bequest.
Sec. 4. The title to all property, real
and personal now owned or hereafter
acquired by purchase, gift, devise, be
quest or otherwise, for the purpose of
the Library and Reading Rooms, when
not inconsistent with the terms of its
acquisition, shall vest in the City and
County, and in the name of the City
and County may be sued for and de
fended by action at law or otherwise.
Sec. 5. The Board shall take charge
of the Public Library and Reading
Rooms, and the branches thereof, and
of all real and personal property there
unto belonging, or that may be ac
quired by loan, purchase, gift, devise
or otherwise, when not inconsistent
with the terms and conditions of the
gift, devise or bequest. It shall meet
for business purposes at least once a
month, and at such other times as it
may appoint in a place to be provided
for the purpose. A majority of the
Board shall constitute a quorum for
the transaction of business. It shall
elect one of its number President,
who shall serve for one year and until
his successor is elected, and shall elect
a Librarian and Secretary and such as
sistants as may be necessary. The
Secretary shall keep a full account of
all property, mon--, receipts and ex
penditures and a record of all its pro
ceedings.
Sec. 6. The Board, by a majority vote
of all its members to be recorded in its
minutes with the ayes and noes, shall
have power:
1. To make and enforce all rules,
regulations and by-laws necessary for
the administration, government and
protection of the Library and Reading
Rooms and branches thereof, and all
property belonging thereto, or that
may be loaned thereto.
2. To administer any trust declared
or created for such Library and Read
ing Rooms and branches thereof, and
provide memorial tablets and niches to
perpetuate the memory of those per
sons who may make valuable donations
thereto.
3. To define the powers and pre
scribe the duties of all officers: deter
mine the number of and elect all nec
ppsary subordinate officers and assist
ants, and for good and sufficient cause
to remove any officer or assistant.
4. To purchase books, journals, pub
lications and other personal property.
5. To order the drawing and pay
ment upon vouchers, certified by the
President and Sfvretary, of money
from the Library Fund for any liability
or authorized expenditure.
fi. To fix the salaries of the Librarian
and Secretary and their assistants:
and. with the approval of the Super
visors, exprpss^d by ordinance, to erect
and equip such building or buildings,
room or rooms, as may be necessary
for the Library and Reading Rooms
and branches thereof.
7. To establish such branches of the
Library and Reading Rooms as the
growth of the City and County may
from time to time demand.
Sec. 8. The Supervisors shall have
power to appropriate and authorize
the use. either in whole or in part, of
any real estate belonging to the City
and County, for the purpose of erect
ing and maintaining a building or
buildings thereon to be used for the
Library and Reading Rooms, or
branches thereof, and may appropriate
the whole or any portion of any public
building belonging to the City and
County for such use.
ARTICLE VIII.
POLICE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall consist of a Board of Police Com
missioners, a Chief of Police, a Police
Force, and of such clerks and em
ployes as shall be necessary to carry
Into effect the provisions of this
Article.
Sec. 2. All members of the Police De
partment shall hold office during good
behavior, subject to the provisions
hereinafter set forth relating to pro
motions, suspensions, dismissals and
disratements.
Sec. 3. No person shall become a
member of the Department unless he
shall be a citizen of the United States,
of good character for honesty and so
briety, able to read and write the Eng
lish language, and a resident of the
City and County for at least five years
next preceding his appointment.
Every appointee to the Department
shall not be less than twenty-one nor |
more than thirty-five years of age, !
must possess the physical qualifications ''
required for recruits of the United i
States Army, and before his appoint
ment must pass a satisfactory medical
examination under such rules and
regulations as may be prescribed by
the Board of Police Commissioners.
In making appointments of members
of the Department, the Board shall
never regard the political or religious
preferences or affiliations of any can
didate.
CHAPTER 11.
Police Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Police Department
shall be under the management of a
Board of Police Commissioners consist
ing of four members who shall be ap
pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars. No person
shall be appointed such Commissioner
i who shall not have been an elector of
I the City and County for at least five
I years next preceding" his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
constituted as to consist of more than
two members of the same political
party. The term of office of the Com
missioners shall be four years. Those
first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respec
tively go out of office at the expiration
of one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Police
Commissioners holding office in the
City and County at the time this
Charier t hall go into effect by virtue of
appointment under any statute or law
of this St.- te.
Bee. 4. The Police Commissioners
shall organize by electing one of their
number President, who shall hold such
office for one year. The Board shall
appoint a Secretary, who shall receive
an annual salary of fifteen hundred
dollars. The sessions of the Boards
shall be public, except that executive
sessions may be held whenever deemed
proper by the Board. The Board shall
meet at least once a week in the rooms
of the Police Department, or in case of
public emergency at such place as the
Board may select. The Secretary must
keep minutes of its proceedings; and
in every case where a power is exer- J
cised by the Board under this Article
the ayes and noes thereon shall be en
tered therein. ',
CHAPTER 111.
Powers of the Eoard.
SECTION 1. The Board of Pollco
Commissioners shall have power:
1. To appoint, promote, suspend, dis
rate or dismiss any member of the De
partment in the manner hereinafter
provided. ei.>^" •■:•
2. To prescribe rules and regulations
for the government, discipline, equip
ment and uniform of the Department,
and from time to time to alter or re
peal the same, and to prescribe penal
ties for the violations of any of such
rules and regulations. All such rules
and regulations must be reasonable.
3. To grant permits to any person
desiring to engage in the sale of liquor
in less quantity than one quart, and to
grant permits to any person engaged in
the business of selling liquor to be
drunk on the premises, and to revoke
any such permit when it shall appear
to the Board that the business of the
person to whom such permit was given,
is conducted in a disorderly or im
proper manner. "Without such permit
none of such persons shall engage in
Bi of such of selling liquor. If the
business of selling liquor. If the
Board refuse to grant such permit, or
propose to revoke any permit that has
been granted, the person who is re
fused such permit or whose permit it is .
proposed to revoke, shall be entitled to
be heard before the Board in person,
or through counsel, and to have, free
of charge, all reasonable facilities at
the hearing. Such permits shall not be
granted for more than three months at
one time, and they shall distinctly state
the name of the person to whom the
same is given, and the description of -
the premises where such business is to
be carried on. Such permits shall at all
times be subject to inspection by any
member of the Department. Com
plaints to revoke permits granted by
the Board must be in writing, signed
by the person making the same and
filed with the Secretary of the Board;
and a copy thereof certified by the
Secretary must be served upon the
party complained against at least five
days before the time set for the hearing
of the complaint.
4. At its discretion, upon the peti
tion of any person, firm or corporation,
to appoint, and at pleasure to remove,
special police officers. Such officers
shall be subject to all the rules and
regulations of the Board.
5. To provide for the care, restitu
tion or sale at annual public auction of
a.ll unclaimed property that may come
Into the possession of the Property
Clerk, and to direct the destruction of
such property as shall consist of im
plements, weapons, property or any
other article, matter or thing used In
the commission of crime.
6. To appoint Police Matrons for the
care of female prisoners and to pro
vide rules and regulations for the gov
ernment of the same.
7. To appoint a Police Surgeon who
shall receive an annual salary of fif
teen hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The President may convene
the Board for special meetings. The
Secretary of the Board shall be the offi
cial custodian of all records and official
documents of the Board.
CHAPTER IV. .
The Chief of Police.
SECTION 1. The Chief of Police shall
The Chief of Police*
riON 1. The Chief of Police shall
be appointed by the Board of Police
Commissio. ers and hold office for
the term of four years. He shall re
ceive an annual salary of four • thou
sand dollars. He shall have | control,
management and direction of all mem
bers of the Department in the lawful
exercise of his functions, with full
power to detail any of them to such
public service as he may direct, and
with like power, to suspend temporarily
any member of the Department. In all
cases of such suspension, he shall im
mediately report the same to the Board
with the reasons therefor In writing.
He shall maintain and enforce law and
rigid discipline so as to secure com
plete efficiency of the Department- He
shall, subject to the directions and or
ders of the Commissioners, have con
trol of such of the prisons of the City
and 1 County as are not by the general
law under the control of the Sheriff.
Sec. 2. In the suppression of any
riot, public tumult, disturbance of the
public peace, or organized resistance
against the laws or public authority,
the Chief of Police shall, In the lawful
exercise of his functions, have all the
powers that are now or may be con
ferred on Sheriffs by the laws of the
State.
Sec. 3. The Chief of Police shall be
the chief executive officer of the De
partment. He shall be chargeable with
and responsible for the execution of all
laws and ordinances and the rules and
regulations of the Department. He
shall see that the orders and process
issued by the Police Court and such
other orders and process as : may be
placed In his hands are promptly exe
cuted, and shall exercise such other
powers connected with his office as
may be provided for in the general
rules and regulations of the Commis
sioners.
Sec. 4. The Chief of Police shall keep
a public office in which he shall have
the Statutes of this State and of the
United States, and all necessary works
on criminal law. In case of his tempo
rary absence some competent member
of the Department, by him designated
for that purpose, shall be in attendance :
at all hours of the day and night: and
in such case he shall make known to
such member of the Department where
he can be found.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police shall de
tail one or more of the members of the
Department to attend constantly on the
Police Court and to execute its orders
and process. He shall detail at his
pleasure members of the Department to
act as his Chief Clerk, Assistant Clerks,
Prison Keepers and Property Clerk.
Said Chief Clerk and said Property
Clerk shall each receive an annual sal
ary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may from
Rof twenty-four hundred dollars. for
;c. 6. The Chief of Police may from
c to time disburse Rueh sums for
contingent expenses of the Department,
as in his judgment shall be for the best
interest of the City and County, to be
paid out of the contingent fund allowed
the Department. The aggregate of all
such sums shall not in any one fiscal
year exceed the sum of ten thousand
dollars. Provision shall be made by the
Supervisors for such contingent fund in
the annual tax levy. The Commission
ers shall allow and order paid out of
such contingent fund as contingent ex
penses of the Police Department; upon
orders signed by the Chief of Police,
such amounts as may be required. ■
Sec. 7. signed by the Police Police,
h amounts as may be required,
cc. 7. The Chief of Police shall pos
sess powers of general police inspection,
supervision and control, over all pawn
brokers, peddlers, : junk-shop keepers,
dealers in second-hand merchandise,
auctioneers and intelligence office keep
ers. All persons engaged In said call
ings must first procure permits from the
Commissioners. In the exercise of such
power the Chief may by authority In
writing from time to time empower
members of the Police Department,
when ; in : search of property feloniously
obtained or . in search of suspected of
fenders, or in search of evidence to con
vict any person charged with crime,' to
examine the books and the premises of
any such person. Any such member: of
the Police Department, when thereunto
empowered ,in \ writing by the Chief of
Police, may examine property alleged
to have been pawned, pledged, ; deposit
ed, lost, strayed or stolen.
. . CHAPTER V. f
v ; Subordinate Officers. ,
{ ; SECTION ; 1. } Subordinate ■ officers : ofthe Police Department shall consist of j
Captains, who shall each receive an i
annual salary of twenty-four hundred
dollars; Lieutenants, who shall each
receive an annual salary of sixteen
hundred and eighty dollars; Sergeants,
who shall each receive an annual salary
of fifteen hundred dollars; and Corpor
als, who shall each receive an annual
salary of fourteen hundred and four ;
dollars.
Sec. 2. There shall be one Captain
for each one hundred police officers.
The duties of Captains shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners and by the orders of the
Chief of Police.
Sec. 3. There shall be one Lieutenant
for even* fifty police officers. The du
ties of the Lieutenants shall be defined
by the rules and regulations of the
Commissioners, by the orders of the
Chief of Police, and by the orders of
their respective Captains.
Sec. 4. There shall be as many Ser
geants as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable, not to ex
ceed one Sergeant for every ten police
officers. The duties of Sergeants shall I
be defined by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, the orders of the
Chief of Police, and the orders of their
respective Captains and Lieutenants.
Sec. 5. There shall be as many Cor
porals as in the judgment of the Com
missioners may be advisable. The du
ties of Corporals shall be defined b- the
rules and regulations of the Commis- .
sioners, the orders of the Chief of Po
lice, and the orders of their respective
Captains, Lieutenants and Sergeants.
Sec. 6. The Chief of Police may detail
for detective duties such members of
the Department as he may select, not
to exceed twenty-five. He shall desig
nate a Captain of Police to- act as Cap
tain over the officers so detailed who
shall receive an annual salary of three
thousand dollars. Such Captain shall
rank as Captain of Detectives, and his
duties shall be denned by the Commis
sioners and by the Chief of Police. The
members so detailed shall be known
and ranked as Detective Sergeants.
Each of said Detective Sergeants shall
receive an annual salary of eighteen
hundred dollars. They may be re
moved at any time frrnn such detail by
the Chief of Police. Their duties shall
be denned by the rules and regulations
of the Commissioners, by the orders of
the Chief of Police, and by the orders
of the Captain of Detectives.
CHAPTER VI.
„ Police Officers.
SECTION 1. The Police. Force of the :
City and County shall hot exceed one
Police Officer for each five hundred in
habitants thereof. Police Officers shall
receive an annual salary of twelve hun- ,
dred and twenty-four dollars.
Sec. 2. Every Police Officer shall, j
upon the arrest of any person charged
with the commission of crime, search
the person of such offender, and take
from him all property and weapons,
and forthwith deliver the same to the
prison keeper, who must , deliver the
same to the Property Clerk, to be kept '
by him until other disposition, be made
thereof according to law. .
Sec 3. Police Officers shall be health
officers by virtue of their office.
CHAPTER VII.
Promotions, Suspensions, Dismissals
and Disratements,
SECTION 1. All promotions In the '
Department shall be from the next
lower rank, seniority of service and
meritorious public service being con
sidered.
Sec. 2. Any member of the Depart
ment guilty of any offense, or violation
of rules and regulations, shall be
liable to be punished by reprimand, or
by fine to be fixed by the Commission
ers, or by dismissal from the Depart
ment; but no fine shall ever be imposed
at any one time for any offense ex
ceeding' one month's salary.
Sec. 3. No member of the Department
shall he subject to dismissal for any
cause, or to punishment for any breach
of duty or misconduct therein, except
after a fair and impartial trial before
the Commissioners upon a verified com
plaint filed with the Board setting forth
specifically the acts complained of, and
after such reasonable notice to him of
the time and place of hearing as the
Board may by rule prescribe. The ac
cused shall be entitled upon such hear- :
ing to appear personally and by coun- '
sel; to have a public trial; and to se- !
cure and enforce free of expense to him
the attendance of all witnesses neces
sary for his defense.
CHAPTER VIII.
Unclaimed and Stolen Property.
SECTION 1. All property or money ;
taken under suspicion of having been
stolen or feloniously obtained, the re- :
suit of crime or constituting the pro- i
ceeds of crime, and all property or
money taken from intoxicated or in- \
sane persons, or other persons incapa
ble of taking care of themselves, or 1
.property or money lost or abandoned !
that may in any way come Into the
possession or custody of any member
of the Department, or of any Criminal
Court or Judge of the City and >
County, shall be delivered to the ProD
erty Clerk, who shall enter in a Record '
Book, to be kept by him for that pur- !
pose, a full and explicit description of i
the same, together with the name of I
the person or persons from whom re- j
.ceived, the names of any claimants 1
•thereto, the time of the seizure, and the '
final disposition thereof.
_ Sec. 2. When property or money taken
from any person arrested, or 'Otherwise '<
under suspicion of having been feloni- I
ously obtained, or of being the proceeds
of crime, is brought with the claimant '
thereof and the person arrested, before
a court for examination and adjudica- •
tion, and the Court shall adjudge that !
the person arrested is innocent of the |
offense alleged, and that the property
or money belongs to him, it shall or- '
d^r such property or money returned '
to the accused, and the Property Clerk j
shall thereupon deliver such property
or money to him personally, but not to
his attorney or agent. If upon such
hearing the accused shall be -held for j
trial or examination, such property or
money shall remain in the custody of
the Property Clerk until the discharge i
or conviction of the person accused.
I be. 3. All unclaimed property and
money that has been in the custody of
'^^"ty v Olerk for one year shall
Wn °K.f «publlc« publlc auction, after having!
been fi\o advertised in the official
«iTT£ P » r i. and the Proceeds of such
fhlnrS bb r e^ ald Into the treasury, to
skin 2 rf° ff T the Pollce Rellef and Pen
taken from insane persons shaH not
become part of such Fund until after
the expiration of three years from th^ '
time the me Is P . aid into th * treasury^
but the Commissioners and the Ohlof
of Police. during such period
make diligent inquiry to ascertain the
person or persons to whom the same
should by right be payable
4». Seq - 4 - \ " InZ1 n Z Property or money in
the custody of the Property Clerk be re
quired as evidence in any Court it
shall be. delivered to any officer who i
shall present an order In writing to '
that effect from such Court, and the *
Clerks of such Court shall be responsi- j
ble for the safe delivery of such prop- j
erty or money to the Property Clerk ■ !
Sec. 5. All - valuables and money In
the custody, of the Property Clerk shall
be .deposited by him for safe keeping
with the Treasurer in such manner and
subject to such rules and regulations
as may be prescribed by the Board. /
■ CHAPTER IX.
Present •.;. Police ' Force.
SECTION 1. All members /of' the
present Police Force in * good standing
In the Department at the time ; this
Charter goes into effect, and the Park
Police, shall ; continue therein without
Civil Service examination; but all new
appointments and all promotions made
after this Charter shall go into effect
Bhall be subject to and governed by
Article XIII of this Charter.
chapter" x.
Police Relief and Pension Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue in
force and make effectual pensions
alrea#- existing in favor of the Police
Force; a Fund is hereby created to be
known and designated as the Police
Relief and Pension Fund. The Board
of Police Commissioners and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a
Buard of Trustees of said Fond.
Sec. 2. The Board of Police Com
missioners may, by a unanimouß vote,
retire and relieve from Bervtce any
aged, infirm or disabled member of the
Department who has arrived at the
age of sixty-five years, and who, upon
an examination by two regularly cer
tificated practicing physicians appointed
by the Commissioners for that pur
pose, may be ascertained to be by rea
son of such age, Infirmity or other dis
ability, unfit for the performance of his
duties. Such retired member shall re
ceive from the Police Relief and Pen
sion Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Department for twenty
years continuously next preceding his
retirement, and the same shall cease at
his death.
Sec. 3. Any member of the Depart
ment who shall become physically dis
abled by reason of any bodily injury
received in the performance of his
duty, upon his filing with the Cnmmts
', sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
'■ and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of Po
lice, the Captain of the Company to
which he belongs, and by two regularly
certificated physicians of the City and
, County recommending his retirement
ufcon a pension on account of such dis
ability, may be retired from the De
partment upon an annual pension
equal to one-half the amount of salary
attached to the rank which he may
have held three years prior to the date
of such retirement, to be paid to him
! during his life and to cease at his
■ death. In case his disability shall ceasa
; his pension shall cease, and he shall be
! restored to the service in the rank he
■ occupied at the time of his retirement.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Police Relief and Pension Fund,
provide for the family of any officer,
member or employe of the Department
i who may be killed while In the per
formance of his duty, as follows:
First— Should the decedent be mar
ried, his widow shall as long as she may
remain unmarried be paid a monthly
pension equal to one-half of the salary
attached to the rank held by the de
cedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
1 widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
I attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
1 the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
1 widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
I the decedent at the time of his death,
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its ne
cessity.
Sec. 5. Any person receiving a pen
sion as aforesaid from the Police Relief
and Pension Fund, who shall be con
victed of felony, shall become dissi
pated, an habitual drunkard, or shall
become a non-resident of this State,
shall forfeit all right to said pension.
Sec. 6. When any member of the De
partment shall, after ten years' service,
die from natural causes, then his wid
ow, and if there be no widow, then his
children, or if there be no widow or
children, then his mother if dependent
upon him for support, shall .be entitled
, to a sum equal to the amount retained
by the Treasurer from the pay of sucfi
■ deceased member and paid into the Re
| lief and Pension Fund; but the provi
' slons of this section shall not apply to
' any member of the Department who
shall have received any pension under
the terms of this Chapter.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the
i provisions of this Chapter and to en
1 force compliance therewith on the part
iof the members of the Department. It
■ shall make up an estimate every year
Of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Police Relief and Pension.
Fund for the succeeding fiscal year, and
i certify the same to the Supervisors in
! connection with and as a part of the
\ annual appropriation for the Police
! Department.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners may, on
notice to the Chief of Police, reward
; any member of the Department for
: conduct which is heroic or meritorious.
The form or the amount of such reward
shall be discretionary with the Board;
, but it shall not exceed in any one in
' stance one month's salary.
Sec. 9. The Board of Police Pension
; Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
i April, July, October and January of
I each year, and upon the call of its
j President. It shall issue warrants,
i signed by its President and Secretary,
I to the persons entitled thereto, for the
; amount of money ordered paid to such
I persons from the Relief and Pension
I Fund. Each warrant shall state for
; what purpose the payment is made.
The Board of Police Pension Fund
j Commissioners shall keep a public rec
ord of its proceedings. It shall at each
j quarterly meeting send to the Treas
| urer and to the Auditor a written or
i printed list of all persons entitled to
payment from the Relief and Pension
Fund, stating the amounts of such
payments, and for what granted. Such
list shall be certified and signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor shall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as The Police Relief and Pension Fund
Book. All warrants signed by the
President and Secretary of the Board
shall be presented to the Auditor, and
be audited and ordered paid by him
out of said Fund.
Sec. 10. The Board of Police Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess the
powers vested In the Board of Police
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary, and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all
its necessary expenses, not exceeding
fifty dollars for any one month, includ
ing the salary of the Secretary and
printing. No compensation shall be
paid to any member of the Board for
any duty required or performed as Po.
lice Relief and Pension Fund Commis
sioner.
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall annu.
ally, when the tax levy is made, direct
the payment into the aforesaid Fund of
the following moneys:
1. Not less than five nor more than
ten per centum of all moneys collected
and received from licenses for the
keeping of places where spirituous,
malt or other intoxicating liquors are
sold.
2. One-half of all moneys received
from taxes or from licenses upon dogs
3. All moneys received from fines
imposed upon members of the Police
Department for violation of law or the
rules or regulations thereof.
4. All proceeds of sales of unclaimed
property.
5. Not less than one-fourth nor mor«
than one-half of all moneys received
from licenses from pawnbrokers, bil
liard hall keepers, dealers in second
hand merchandise, and from Junk
stores.
6. All moneys received from flues for
carrying: concealed weapons.
CHARTER FOR THE CITY A3fT> COUNTY OF SAjN FRANCISCO.
7. Twenty-flve per centum of all fines
collected In money for violation of any
ordinance.
8. All rewards to members of the Po
lice Department, except such as shall
be excepted by the Commissioners.
9. The Treasurer shall retain from
the pay of each member of the Police
Force two dollars a month, which shall
be forthwith paid into the Police Relict
end Pension Fund. No other or further
retention or reduction shall be made
from Buch pay for any other fund or
purpose unless the same is herein au
thorized.
Sec. 12. When a request Is made for
regular policemen to be detailed at any
place of amusement or entertainment,
ball, party or picnic, the party or per
son making such request shall first de
posit two dollars and fifty cents for
each man ao detailed with the Property
Clerk of the Department, who shall
give him a receipt for the same, and
such sum shall be at once paid into the
treasury to the credit of the Police Re
lief and Pension Fund.
Sec. 13. On the last day of June of
each year, or as soon thereafter as
practicable, the Auditor shall make a
report to the Supervisors of all moneys
paid out of such Fund during the pre
vious year, and of the amount then to
the credit of such Fund. The surplus
then remaining in such Fund exceeding
the average annual amount paid out of
Buch Fund during the three years next
preceding shall be transferred to and
become a part of the Surplus Fund, and
shall be no longer under the control of
the Board, or subject to its order. Pay
ments provided for in this Chapter
shall be made quarterly upon proper
vouchers. When in any one year a de
ficiency shall exist in such Fund, such
deficiency shall be provided for and
made good by the Supervisors in their
next ensuing tax levy.
ARTICLE IX.
FIRE DEPARTMENT.
CHAPTER I.
Organization and Powers.
SECTION 1. The Fire Department
shall be under the management of a
i Board of Fire Commissioners conslst
; ing of four members, who shall be ap
i pointed by the Mayor, and each of
whom shall receive an annual salary
of twelve hundred dollars. No person
; shall be appointed a Fire Commission
1 er who shall not have been an elector
of the City and County for at least five
. years next preceding his appointment.
Sec. 2. The Board shall never be so
| constituted as to consist of more than
I two members of the same political
i party. The term of office of the Com
i missioners shall be four years. Those
j first appointed shall so classify them
selves by lot that they shall respectlve
■ ly go out of office at the expiration of
: one, two, three and four years.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall be
i successors in office of the Fire Commis
sioners holding office in the City and
! County at the time this Charter shall
go Into effect by virtue of appointment
under any statute or law of this State.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
; ganize by electing one of their number
■ President who shall hold office for one
. year. The Board may appoint a Secre
tary who shall perform such duties as
the Board may prescribe. He shall re
' ceive an annual salary of twenty-four
; hundred dollars. The Board shall meet
I at least once a week, and as often as
, the business of the Department may
j require, and all its meetings shall be
I public.
Pec. 5. The Board shall organize the
Department, create and establish such
fire companies as it may deem neces
1 sary, prescribe the number and duties
; of the officers, members and employees
of the Department, and the. uniforms
and badges to be worn by them; have
control of all the property and equip
i ments of the Department, and exercise
i full power and authority over all ap
i propriations made for the use of the
i Department.
Sec. 6. All persons appointed to posl
: tlons in the Department must be eiti
; zens of the United States, not less than
j twenty-one nor more than thirty-five
j years of age, of good character for
i honesty and sobriety, able to read and
i write the English language, residents
of the City and County at least five
; years next preceding the date of their
| appointment, must pass a medical ex
1 amlnatlon under such rules and regu
■ lations as may be prescribed by the
i Commissioners, and upon such exam
| ination be found in sound bodily health.
Ser. 7. No officer, member or employee
I of the Department shall be appointed.
: transferred, nr removed because of his
I political opinions, nor shall he be
i transferred or dismissed except for
| cause, nor until after a trial before the
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall see
that the officers, members and em
ployees of the Department faithfully
discharge their duties, and that the
laws, ordinances and regulations per
taining to the Department are carried
into effect. The Board shall make such
rules and regulations as may be neces
sary to secure discipline and efficiency
in the Department, and for any viola
tion of such rules and regulations may
Impose reasonable fines upon the of
ficers, members and employees of the
Department, or may suspend any of
them for such reasonable time as the
Board may by rule prescribe. Such
fines shall be deducted from the month
ly warrants of the officers, members
and employees upon whom they are
imposed, and shall be transferred by
the Treasurer to the Firemen's Relief
and Pension Fund.
Sec. 9. The Clerk and Commissary of
the Fire Department Corporation
Yards shall not deliver any supplies or
stores of the Fire Department except
upon an order signed by the Chief En
gineer and the Secretary of the Com
missioners; but during a conflagration,
such material or apparatus as may be
required for the purpose of extinguish
ing such 'conflagration may be with
drawn from said Corporation Yards by
order of the Chief Engineer, or by any
officer in charge of the force of the
Department at such conflagration.
Sec. 10. No member or employee of
the Fire Department shall be engaged
in any other employment.
CHAPTER 11.
Duties of the Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall immediately after their
appointment and qualification proceed
to reorganize the Fire Department in
conformity with the provisions of this
Charter. In so doing the Board shall
make its appointments of officers and
members from the persons constituting
the force in the service of the Fire De
partment at the time this Charter goes
Into effect. Such officers and members
shall not be required to pass any Civil
Service examination. All future ap
pointments and promotions shall be
made subject to the provisions of Arti
cle XIII of this Charter. If any reduc
tion is made in the force of the Depart
ment, the Commissioners may tempo
rarily discharge those persons, whose
discharge shall be most conducive to
the efficient reorganization of the De
partment, but in case of a subsequent
increase of the force, those temporarily
discharged shall be reappointed without
Civil Service examination and assigned
to the same rank in which they were at
the time of their discharge.
Sec. 2. No officer, member or em
ployee of the Department shall be dis
missed or transferred except for cause
nor until after a trial. The accused
shall be furnished with a written copy
of the charges against him at least
three days previous to the day of trial.
He shall have the right to appear in
person and by counsel and examine
witnesses in his behalf. All witnesses
shall be examined under oath, and all
trials shall be public.
Sec. 3. When any officer, member or
employee of the Department shall be
come temporarily disabled by reason of
injuries received while |n the actual
performance of his duty therein so as
to incapacitate him from performing
his duty, the Commissioners shall allow
his salary during the continuance of
such temporary disability.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall see
that all contracts awarded and work
done for the Department are faithfully
performed, and shall, upon the award
ing of any such contract, exact an ade
quate bond for the prompt and faithful
performance of the same.
The provisions of Article 11, Chapter
111, of this Charter, in regard to the ad
vertising for proposals, the affidavit
and security accompanying the same,
the presentation and opening of pro
posals, the aw. rdlng of contracts
and the security for the performance
thereof, shall, so far as the same can
be made applicable, apply to all pro
posals and contracts made, awarded or
entered into for, furnishing supplies to
the Fire Department. Any contract
made in violation of any of the provi
sions of this Chapter shall be void.
CHAPTER IIL
The Chief Engineer.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners shall appoint a Chief Engi
neer, who shall be charged with the
special duty of superintending the ex
tinguishment of fires. The Chief En
gineer shall be the chief executive offi
cer of the Fire Department, and it shall
be his duty and that of the Assistant
Chief Engineers and of the Battalion
Chiefs to see that all laws, orders, rules
and regulations in force in the City and
County, or made by the Commissioners
concerning the Fire Department, are
enforced.
Sec. 2. The Chief Engineer may sus
pend any subordinate officer, member
or employee of the Department for in
competency, or for any violation of th«
rules and regulations of the Fire De
partment, and shall forthwith report In
writing such suspension, with his rea
sons therefor, to the Commissioners for \
their action. He shall diligently ob- j
serve the condition of the apparatus
and workings of the Department and |
report In writing thereon at least once !
a month to the Board and make such '
recommendations and suggestions re- |
spectlng the same as he may deem
proper. In the ahsence or Inability ot
the Chief Engineer, an Assistant Chief
Engineer shall perform his duties.
Sec. 3. The Chief Engineer, or, In his
absence, the Assistant Chief Engineers, j
or, in their absence, any Battalion Chief I
in charge may, during a conflagration,
cause to be cut down or otherwise re
moved any buildings or structures for !
the purpose of checking the progress of
such conflagration.
CHAPTER IV.
Fire Companies.
SECTION 1. Each Steam Fire En
gine Company shall be composed of not
more than one Captain, one Lieutenant,
one Engineer, one Driver, one Stoker
and five Hosemen.
Each Hook and Ladder Company
shall be composed of not more than one
Captain, one Lieutenant, one Driver,
one Tlllerman and eight Truckmen.
Each Chemical Engine Company shall
be composed of not more than one Cap
tain, on# Lieutenant, one Driver and
one Hoseman.
Each Water Tower Company shall be
composed of not more than one Cap
i tain, one Driver and one Hoseman.
Each Fire Boat Company shall b»
i composed of not more than one Cap
' tain, one Lieutenant, one Engineer, one
: Assistant Engineer, two Firemen, one
j Pilot and twelve Hosemen.
CHAPTER V.
Fire Marshal.
SECTION 1. The Board of Fire Com
missioners, on the written recom
mendation of the Board of Directors of
the corporation known as the Under
writers' Fire Patrol of San Francisco,
may appoint such persons as may be
recommended by said Board of Di
rectors as Fire Marshal and Assistant
Fire Marshal. Vacancies occurring in
the office of Fire Marshal or Assistant
Fire Marshal shall be filled in the same
manner. The salaries of said Fire Mar
shal and of his assistant and deputies
shall be fixed and paid by said Board of
Directors of said Underwriters' Fire
Patrol of San Francisco, and in no
event shall the City and County be
liable therefor or any part thereof.
Sec. 2. The Fire Marshal or, in case
of his disability, the Assistant Fire
Marshal shall attend all fires which
may occur in the City and County,
and he shall take charge of and protect
all property which may be imperiled
thereby.
Sec. 3. The Fire Marshal may call
upon policemen during the time of any
fire for the purpose of protecting prop
erty until the arrival of the owner or
claimant thereof, and in case the owner
or claimant of such property does not
take charge of the same v.ithln twenty
four hours, the Fire Marshal may have
such property stored at the owner's or
claimant's expense.
Sec. 4. The Fire Marshal shall be
charged with the enforcement of all
laws and ordinances relating to the
storage, sale and use of oils, combus
tible materials and explosives, together
with the investigation of the cause of
all fires. In all cases where there is
reason to believe that fires are the re
sult of crime or that crime has been
committed in connection therewith, the
Fire Marshal must report the same in
writing to the District Attorney. The
Fire Marshal shall also have the care
of, and may sell, subject to the orders
of the Board of Fire Commissioners, all
property saved from fire for which no
owner can be found, and at once pay
the amount realized from any such sale
into the treasury. He shall exercise
the functions of a police officer.
Sec. 5. The Fire Marshal shall have
power to appoint deputies for inspect
ing buildings, but such deputies shall
receive no compensation for their serv
ices from the City and County.
CHAPTER VI.
Fire Wardens.
SECTION 1. The Chief Engineer. As
sistant Chief Engineers, Battalion
Chiefs and the Fire Marshal shall con
stitute a Board of Fire Wardens, with
power to inspect and report to the
Board of Public Works as to th& safety
of buildings and other structures
within the City and County.
CHAPTER VII.
Firemen's Relief Fund.
SECTION 1. In order to continue
in force and make effectual pensions
already existing in favor of firemen, a
fund is hereby created to be known
and designated as the Firemen's Relief
Fund. The Board of Fire Commission
ers of the City and County and its suc
cessors in office shall constitute a Board
of Trustees of said Fund. The Board
shall be known as the Board of Fire
Pension Fund Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be annually
levied, collected and apportioned to the
Firemen's Relief Fund a tax sufficient
to meet and pay all demands upon said
Fund, for the purposes set out in this
Chapter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners may, by a
unanimous vote, retire and relieve from
service any aged, infirm or disabled
fireman of the Department who has ar
rived at the age of sixty-five years, and
who, upon an examination by two regu
larly certificated practicing physicians
appointed by the Commissioners for
that purpose, may be ascertained to be
by reason of Buch age, infirmity or
other disability, unfit for the perform
ance of his duties. Such retired fire
man shall receive from the Firemen's
Relief Fund a monthly pension equal to
one-half of the amount of the salary
attached to the rank held by him three
years prior to the date of his retire
ment. No such pension shall be paid
unless such person has been an active
member of the Fire Department for
twenty years continuously next pre
ceding his retirement, and the same
shall cease at his death.
Sec. 4. Any member of the Fire De
partment who shall become physically
disabled by reason of any bodily In
jury received In the performance of his
! duty, upon his filing with the Commis
! sioners a verified petition setting forth
the facts constituting such disability
and the cause thereof, accompanied by
a certificate signed by the Chief of the
Fire Department, the Captain of the
Company to which he belongs, and by
two regularly certificated physicians of
the City and County, recommending his
retirement upon a pension on account of
j such disability, may be retired from
the Department upon an annual pen
: sion equal to one-half the amount of
'•■ salary attached to the rank which he
may have held three years prior to
the date of such retirement, to be paid
to him during his life and to cease at
his death. In case his disability shall
I ceaße his pension shall cease, and he
| shall be restored to the service In the
rank he occupied at the time of his re
tirement.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall, out
of the Firemen's Relief Fund, provide
as follows for the family of any of
ficer, member or employee of the Fire
Department who may be killed while
in the performance of his duty:
• First— Should the decedent be mar-
ried, his widow shall as long as she
may remain unmarried, be paid a
monthly pi.ision equal to one-half of
the salary attached to the rank held by
the decedent at the time of his death.
Second — Should the decedent leave no
widow, but leave an orphan child or
children under the age of sixteen years,
such children shall collectively receive
a pension equal to one-half the salary
attached to the position held by their
father at the time of his death, until
the youngest attains the age of sixteen
years.
Third— Should the decedent leave no
widow and no orphan child or children,
but leave a parent or parents depend
ing solely upon him for support, such
parents, so depending, shall collectively
receive a pension equal to one-half the
salary attached to the position held by
the decedent at the time of his death
during such time as the Commissioners
may unanimously determine its neces
sity.
Sec. 6. Any person receiving a pen
sion from the Firemen's Relief Fund,
who shall be convicted of felony, or
who shall become dissipated, an habit
ual drunkard, or who shall become a
non-resident of this State, shall for
feit all right to said pension.
Sec. 7. The Commissioners shall make
rules and regulations to carry out the.
provisions of this Chapter and to en
force compliance therewith on the part
of the members of the Department. It
shall make up an estimate every year
of the amount required to pay all de
mands on the Firemen's Relief Fund
for the succeeding fiscal year, and cer
tify the same to the Supervisors in
connection with and as part of the an
nual appropriation of the Fire Depart
ment.
Sec. 8. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall hold quar
terly meetings on the first Mondays of
April, July, October and January of
each year, and upon the call of its
President. It shall issue warrants,
signed by its President and Secretary,
to the persons entitled thereto, for the
amount of money ordered paid to
such persons from the Firemen's Re
lief Fund. Each warrant shall state
for what purpose the payment is made.
The Board df Fire Pension Fund Com
missioners shall keep a public record
of its proceedings. It shall at each
quarterly meeting send to the Treas
urer and to the Auditor a written or
printed list of all persons entitled to
payment fiom the Relief Fund, stating
the amounts of such payments and
for what granted. Such list shall
be certified and signed by the Presi
dent and Secretary of the Board.
The Auditor sliall thereupon enter a
copy of such list upon a book to be kept
for that purpose which shall be known
as the Firemen's Relief Fund Book. All
warrants signed by the President and
Secretary of the Board shall be pre
sented to the Auditor, and be audited
and ordered paid by him out of said
Fund.
Sec. 9. The Board of Fire Pension
Fund Commissioners shall possess th«
powers vested in the Board of Fire
Commissioners to make rules and
regulations for its guidance. It may
appoint a Secretary and provide for
the payment from said Fund of all its
necessary expenses, not exceeding fifty
dollars for any one month, including
the salary of the Secretary and print
ing: but no compensation shall be paid
to any member of the Board for any
duty required or performed as Fire
Pension Fund Commissioner.
CHAPTER VIII.
Salaries.
SECTION 1. The officers and mem
bers of the Fire Department shall re
ceive annual salaries as follows:
Chief Engineer, four thousand dollars;
First Assistant Chief Engineer, three
thousand dollars* Second Assistant En
gineer, twenty-four hundred dollars;
Battalion Chiefs, each twenty-one hun
dred dollars; Superintendent of En
gines, eighteen hundred dollars: the
Clerk and Commissary of the Corpora
tion Yards, fifteen hundred dollars;
Captains, each fourteen hundred and
forty dollars; Lieutenants, each twelve
hundred dollars; Engineers, each
thirteen hundred and fifty dollars;
Drivers, Stokers, Tillermen, Truckmen,
Hosemen, and Stewards, for the first
year of service, each nine hundred and
sixty dollars; for the second year of
service, each ten hundred and eighty
dollars; and for the third year of ser
vice and thereafter each twelve hun
dred dollars; Hydrantmen, each ten
hundred and eighty dollars; Superin
tendent of horses, twelve hundred dol
lars; Draymen, each nine hundred dol
lars; Hostlers, each seven hundred and
twenty dollars; Watchmen, each nine
hundred dollars; Pilots of Fire Boats,
each twelve hundred dollars; Engineers
of Fire Boats, each fifteen hundred dol
lars; Assistant Engineers of Fire Boats,
each fourteen hundred and forty dol
lars; Firemen of Fire Boats, each nine
hundred dollars. -_
CHAPTER IX.
Department of Electricity.
SECTION 1. There is hereby created
a Department of Electricity, which
shall have charge of the construction
and maintenance of the Fire Alarm and
Police Telegraph and Telephone Sys
tems, and shall be under the control of
a joint Commission composed of the
Board of Fire Commissioners and the
Board of Police Commissioners.
Sec. 2. There shall be appointed by
the Board of Fire Commissioners and
Board of Police Commissioners, acting
in joint session, a practical and skilled
electrician, who shall be caned the
Chief of the Department of Electricity,
and who shall have general supervision
of the Department of Electricity. He
shall receive an annual salary of twen
ty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 3. The Joint Commission may
appoint such assistants as may be nec
essary to keep the electric and tele
phone systems in working order; but of
those assistants appointed, no opera
tor or inspector shall receive more than
twelve hundred dollars a year, and no
repairer, lineman, batteryman or in-
Btrument-maker shall recsive a salary
of more than ten hundred and eighty
dollars a year.
Sec. 4. The Fire Department and the
Police Department shall each have^sole
control over Its own systems and wires.
Sec, 6. Any citizen, firm or corpora
tion may, for the purpose of police or
fire protection, be connected with the
Police or Fire Signal System, or Tele
phone or Telegraph System, upon mak
ing fair payment for the connection
and use of the same. Such rates of
payment shall be fixed by ordinance of
the Supervisors; but no connection
ehall be made so as to interfere with
the use of the main line.
Sec. 6. The Department of Electri
city is also charged with the duty of en
forcing all the rules, regulations, or
ders ajid requirements mada by ordi
nance of the Supervisors in regard to
the inspection and supervision of elec
trical wires and appliances, and the
currents fcrr furnishing light, heat or
power in and upon streets and build
ings in the City and County.
ARTICLE X.
DEPARTMENT OE PUBLIC
HEALTH.
SECTION 1. There shall be a De- j
I partment of Public Health under the !
management of a Board of Health. The j
Board shall consist of seven members, j
five of whom shall be appointed by the
Mayor, and who shall be regularly cer- I
tificated physicians of the City and I
County at the time of their appoint- j
ment, and who must have been such !
for at least five years next preceding
their appointment. The Chief of Police
and the President of the Board of Pub
lic Works shall be members of the
Board by virtue of their office.
The members of the Board shall serve
without compensation. They shall
elect one of their number President,
and adopt such rules and regulations
as may be necessary for the govern
ment of the Board.
Sec. 2. The appointive members of
the Board shall hold office for four
years. Those first "appointed under this
Charter shall so classify themselves by
lot that one of them shall go out of of
fice at the end of one year, one at the
end of two years, one at the end of
three years, and two at the end of four
years.
Sec. 3. The Board shall have the
management and control of the City
and County Hospitals, Almshousea,
Ambulance Service, Municipal Hospi
tals, Receiving Hospitals, and of all
matters pertaining to the preservation,
promotion and protection of the lives
and health of the inhabitants of the
City and County; and it may determine
the naturo and character of nuisances
I and provide for their abatement.
It shall have the sanitary supervision
of the municipal institutions of the City
and County, including: jails, school
houses and all public buildings; of th«
disposition of the dead; of the disposi
tion of garbage, offal and other offen
sive substances.
Except as provided in Article 11. I
Chapter 111, of this Charter, it shall j
have exclusive control and disposition j
of all expenditures necessary in the in- I
stitutlons under its immediate control.
Sec. 4. The Board shall enforce all
ordinances, rules and regulations which
may be adopted by the Supervisors for
the carrying out and enforcement of a
good sanitary condition in the City and
County; for the protection of the publio
health; for determining the nature and
character of nuisances and for their
abatement ; and for securing the proper
registration of births, deaths and other
statistical information. It shall from
time to time submit to the Supervisors
a draft of such ordinances, rules and
regulations as it may deem necessary
to promote the objects mentioned in
this section.
Sec. 5. The Board may appoint such j
officers, agents and employees as may |
be necessary for the proper and ef- J
ficient carrying out and enforcement of i
the purposes and duties of the Board,
and may fix their salaries and prescribe
their duties. All appointments in the j
Department shall be made under the
provisions of Article XIII of this Char
ter, and no person so appointed by the
Board shall be removed without cause.
Sec. 6. The Board may appoint a \
Resident Physician of the City and
County Hospital, who must be a regu
larly certificated physician and who j
must have been a resident of the City ;
and County for at least five years next j
preceding his appointment. He shall '
devote his time exclusively to the dv- i
ties of his office.
Sec. 7. The Board shall appoint for
the City and County Hospital at least
two visiting physicians and at least
two visiting surgeons, who shall receive
no compensation for their services, but
who shall have the privilege of teach
ing students in their hospital wards.
Any student who is actively engaged in
the study of medicine shall have the
benefit of clinical instruction in any of
the hospital wards.
Sec. 8. The Board may set aside one
ward in the City and County Hospital
for the treatment of confirmed inebri
ates.
Sec. 9. The Board may appoint such
undergraduates and other internes to
the City and County Hospital as it may
deem necessary. They shall be ap
pointed after a eompetitve examination
by the Boftrd in any or all branches of
medicine and surgery, and shall receive
board and lodging free for their ser
vices. They shall be under the control
and direction of the Resident Physi
cian, who may remove any of them for
neglect of duty, or for other good and
sufficient cause, subject to an appeal
to. and final decision by. said Board.
Sec. 10. The Board shall fix annually
the salaries of all officers and em
ployees of the Board. Such compensa
tion shall not exceed salaries paid for
similar services in private institutions
of like character.
Sec. 11. The ratio of employees to In
mates of any institution under the care
of the Board shall not exceed that
maintained by private Institutions of
like character.
ARTICLE XI.
DEPARTMENT OF ELECTIONS.
CHAPTER I.
Board of Election Commissioners.
SECTION 1. The conduct, manage
ment and control of the registration of
voters, and of the holding of elections,
and of all matters pertaining to elec
tions in the City and County, shall be
vested exclusively in and exercised by
a Board of Election Commissioners,
consisting of five members, who shall
be appointed by the Mayor, and shall
hold office for four years. Each of the
Commissioners shall receive an annual
salary of one thousand dollars. Each
member of the Board must be an elec
tor of the City and County at the time
of his appointment and must have
been such for five years next preceding
such time. Those first appointed must,
immediately after their appointment, so
classify themselves by lot, that one
shall go out of office at the end of one
year, one at the end of two years, one
at the end of three years, and two at
the end of four years.
The Mayor shall not make any ap
pointment upon the Board at any time
before thirty days prior to the time
when such appointee is to take office.
Two of the five members first appoint
ed shall be chosen from each of the two
political parties casting in the City and
County the highest vote for Governor
or Electors of President and Vice
President, as the case may be, at the
last preceding general election. The
fifth member shall be chosen from the
political party casting the third highest
such vote at such election, if tfcere be
such third party. and if not, then at
the discretion of the Mayor. Upon the
• expiration of the term of office of any
Commissioner, the appointee must Jje
chosen from the same political party as
the retiring Commissioner, consistently
with the foregoing provisions as to
equal representation at all timps of the
two political parties casting the high
est vote at the general election last pre
ceding the appointment in question as
prescribed in this section.
Sec. 2. No member of the Board nor
Registrar, nor Deputy Registrar shall,
during his term of office, be a member
of any convention the purpose of which
Is to nominate candidates for office
nor be eligible to any other municipal
office during the term for which he
shall have been appointed, or for one
year thereafter; nor act as officer of
any election or primary election: nor
take part in any election except to
vote and when acting as Election Com
missioner, at which time he shall per
form only such official duties as, may
be required of him by law and by this
Charter.
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall or
ganize within ten days after their ap
pointment by choosing one of their
number President. In case of failure
to agree, he shall be selected by lot.
He shall hold office for one year and
until his successor is chosen. The
Board shall appoint a Registrar of
Voters who shall receive an annual
salary of twenty-four hundred dollars.
The Registrar shall be the Secretary of
the Board, and shall keep a record of
Its proceedings, and shall execute all,
orders and enforce all rules and regula
tions adopted by the Board. The term
of office of the Registrar shall be four
years.
Sec. 4. The Board may appoint such
other clerical assistants as may be ne
cessary at a salary not to exceed one
hundred dollars a month each for the
time actually employed. The Board
shall, by resolution adopted by a ma
jority vote of all its members and en
tered upon Its minutes, designate the
service to pc rendered by such as
sistants and the time for which they
shall be employed. 'The time of em
ployment of such assistants shall not
be extended except by like resolution of
the Board, and when a salary shall
have been once fixed it shall not be in
creased. This section is subject to the
provisions of Article XIII of this
Charter.
Sec. 5. All provisions of the general
laws of this State respecting elections
shall be applicable to all elections held
In the City and County of San Fran
cisco. All provisions of the general laws
of this State respecting the registration
of voters shall be applicable to such
registration in the City and County.
The Board of Election Commissioners
must provide for precinct registration
so far as it can do so under the Con
stitution and laws of the State.
CHAPTER 11. 1
Municipal Elections.
SECTION 1. There shall be held in
the City and County of San Francisco
on the first Tuesday after the first
Monday of November in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and in every second year there
after, an election to be known as the
municipal election.
At said elections there shall be elected
by the electors of the City and County
the following officers: The Mayor,
eighteen Supervisors, an Auditor,
Treasurer, Assessor, Tax Collector,
Recorder, City Attorney, District At
torney, Public Administrator, County
Clerk, Sheriff, Coroner and four Police
Judges. Each of the above officers
shall be elected for two years, except
the Police Judges and the Assessor,
each of whom shall be elected for four
years. The Superintendent of Public
Schools shall be elected for. four years,
and the Justices of the Peace for two
years, at the same time that members
of the Legislature are elected.
Sec. 2. All of the officers of the City
and County of San Francisco who shall
be elected in the year one thousand
eight hundred and ninety-eight, under
existing laws, except the Superin
tendent of Public Schools and the Jus
tices of the Peace, shall hold office only
until the hour of noon on the first Mon
day after the first day of January in
the year nineteen hundred.
Sec. 3. The officers first elected as
aforesaid under this Charter shall take
office at noon on the first Monday after
the first day of January following.
Sec. 4. The Mayor shall issue his
proclamation and publish the same in
the official newspaper for at least
twenty days previous to the day in each
year on which the municipal election is
to be held under this Charter, calling
upon the electors of the City and
County to meet fpr the purpose of
electing such officers as are provided
for In this Charter, reciting In such
proclamation the different officers to
be elected at such election.
ABTICLE XIX.
i ACQUISITION OF PUBLIC TTTIL
ITIES.
It Is hereby declared to be the pur
pose and intention of the people of the
City and County that its public utilities
shall be gradually acquired and ulti
mately owned by the City and County.
To this end it is hereby ordained:
SECTION L Within one year from
the date upon which this Charter shall
go into effect, and at least every two
years thereafter until the object ex
pressed in this provision Bhall have
been fully attained, the Supervisors
must procure through the City Engi
neer plans and estimates of the actual
cost of the original construction and
completion by the City and County of
water works, gas works, electric light
works, steam, water or electric power
works, telephone lines, street railroads
I and such other public utilities as the
Supervisors or the people by petition to
the Board may designate.
In securing estimates of the original
cost of the construction and completion
of water works by the City and County,
the Supervisors must procure and place
on file plans and estimates of the cost
of obtaining from all of the several
available sources a sufficient and per
manent supply of good, pure water for
the City and County, in order that
propositions for the acquisition, con
struction and completion thereof, and
the incurring of municipal indebtedness
therefor, may be submitted to the elec
tors of the City and County as herein
after set forth.
Sec, 2. After such plans and esti
mates shall have been procured and
filed, the Supervisors shall, at as early
a date as they may deem for the best
interests of the City and County, enter
into negotiations for the permanent ac
quisition by the City and County, by
original construction, condemnation or
purchase of such or any of said
public utilities as they may regard
most important to the City and County
to be first acquired, and to formulate
and submit to the electors of the City
and County, at a special election, prop
j ositions for the permanent acquisition
and ownership thereof.
Before submitting propositions to
the electors for the acquisition by orig
inal construction or condemnation, of
public utilities, the Supervisor* must
solicit and consider offers for the <?ala
to the City and County of existing util
ities in order that the electors Bhall
have the~benefit of acquiring the same
at the lowest possible cost thereof.
Sec. 3. When a petition or petitions
signed by electors of the City and
County equal in number to fifteen per
centum of all the votes cast at the last
preceding general election shall be pre
sented to the Supervisors, setting forth
that the signers thereof favor the ac
quisition by the City and County of any
public utility, and requesting the
Board to prepare for submission to the
electors of the City and County, aa
hereinafter provided, a proposition for
j the acquisition of such utility, it shall
I be the duty of the Board to immediate
j ly take such steps or to enter into such
negotiations as will enable it to formu
late such a proposition for submission
to the electors as aforesaid. Such prop
osition shall be so formulated and com
pleted within six months from the date
of the filing of such petition. The Clerk
of the Supervisors must, immediately
upon the filing of the aforesaid petition
or petitions, after examining and veri
fying the signatures thereto, transmit
an authenticated copy thereof, without
the signatures, to the Board of Election
Commissioners, and another such copy
to the Mayor, together with a certifi
cate that the required number of signa
tures are appended to the original. Tha
Mayor shall also have the right to for
mulate and submit to the electors a
separate proposition from that formu
lated by the Supervisors for the acqui
sition of the utility named in said peti«
tion. At the next municipal election af
ter the forniulation of such proposU
tiona by the Supervisors and the May-,
or, the Board of Election Commission
ers shall submit to the electors the two
alternative propositions. The proposi
tion receiving a majority of the votes
cast thereon shall be adopted; but in
case the vote 9 cast in favor of fcoth.propositions shall not exoeed one-hall
the total number of votes cast thereon,
both propositions shall b« deemed re
jected.
Nothing in this section Bhall be bo
construed as to prohibit the Supervis
ors from responding to the aforesaid
petition of the electors requesting the
acquisition of any public utility by pro
ceeding at once, without the submission
of propositions to the electors as afore
said, to pass an ordinance declaring its
determination to acquire the same aa
provided in section six of this Article
and from proceeding thereafter to ac
quire the same in the manner herein
after provided.
Sec. 4. In case the cost of any public
utility sought to be acquired under the
provisions of this Article, can be paid
out of the annual revenues of the City
and County, in addition to the other
necessary expenditures thereof, it shall
be lawful to acquire the same by a ma
jority vote of the electors voting there
on at any special election. In submit
ting propositions to the electors for
such acquisition the Supervisors shall
specify in such proposition the cost of
the public utility, the proposed method
and manner of payment therefor, and
submit to the electors the question
whether the same shall be acquired
upon such terms.
In case, however, the cost of such
public utility sought to be acquired
under the provisions of this Article
shall so far exceed the annual revenues
of the City and County, in addition to
the other necessary expenditures there
of, as to render it necessary to incur a
municipal bonded indebtedness for such
purpose, then the Supervisors, in sub
mitting propositions to the electors for
the acquisition thereof, shall specify
therein the amount of the proposed
bonded indebtedness, the rate of inter
est thereon, and whether such bonded
indebtedness shall be incurred. At
least two-thirds of the electors voting
thereon at such election shall be neces
sary to secure such acquisition and tv
warrant the issuance of municipal
bonds therefor, as hereinafter set forth.
Sec. 5. When the electors by vote
shall have determined, as hereinbefore
set forth, to acquire any public utility,
such action on the part of the electors
shall be equivalent to the passing of
the ordinance by the Supervisors de
claring such determination as set forth
in section six of this Article, and the
Supervisors shall proceed without de
lay to pass an ordinance calling a
special election as required by section
seven of this Article.
Sec. 6. When the Supervisors shall de
termine that the public interest or ne
cessity demands the acquisition, con
struction or completion of any public
utility, the cost of which will be too
great to be paid out of the ordinary an
nual Income" and revenue of the City and
County, the Supervisors shall, by or
dinance, specifically declare such de
termination, and shall publish the same
for at least two weeks in the official
m-wspaper.
Sec. 7. At the m-xt regular meeting of
the Supervisors after the publication of
the ordinance declaring said deter
mination as above set forth, or at an
adjourned meeting thereof, or not less
than two weeks nor more than four
weeks after the electors by vote shall
have determined to acquire any public
utility, the Supervisors by ordinance
shall call a special election, at which
shall be submitted to the electors the
proposition of acquiring such public
utility, and of incurring a debt for the
acquisition of the same as set forth in
such ordinance. Xo question other
than the acquisition of such utility and
the incurring of the indebtedness
therefor shall be submitted at such
election.
Sec. 8. The ordinance calling such
special election shall recite the objects
and purposes for which the indebted
ness Is proposed to be incurred, the es
timated cost of the proposed public
utility, the necessity for the acquisition
of the same, and that bonds of the City
and County shall issue for the payment
of the cost of the same as in such or
dinance set forth (if the proposition be
accepted by the electors), and shall fix
a day on which such special election
shall be held, the manner of holding
such election, and the manner nf voting
for or against incurring such indebted
ness. Such election shall be held as
provided by law for holding elections
In the City and County.
Sec. 9. Such ordinance shall be'pub
lished daily for at least ten days in the
official newspaper. At the expiration
of said ten days the Supervisors shall
cause to be published daily for not less
than two weeks in the official newspa
per a notice of such special election.
Such notice shall specify the purpose
for which the indebtedness is to be In
curred, the number and character of
the bonds to be issued, the rate of in
terest to be paid, and the amount of
tax levy to be made for the payment
thereof.
Sec. 10. Xo indebtedness Rhall be in
curred for the acquisition of any public
utility under the provisions of this Ar
ticle, which, together with the existing
bonded indebtedness of the City and
County, shall exceed at any one time
fifteen per centum of the assessed value
of all real and personal property in the
City and County.
Sec. 11. The bonds Issued under the
provisions of this Article shall be of the
character of bonds known as serials,
and shall be payable in lawful money
of the United States. The Supervisors
shall decide at the times of the issue
«f the bonds in what lawful money of
the T'nited States said bonds shall be
payable. Not less than one-fortieth
part of the whole amount of indebted
ness shall be paid each and every year,
r>n a day and at a place to be fixed by
the Supervisors, together with the in
terest on all sums unpaid at such date.
The bonds so issued shall be exempt
from all taxation for municipal pur
poses, and shall be issued in denomina
tions of not less than ten dollars nor
greater than one thousand dollars, and
preference in the sale and allotment
thereof shall be given to subscribers for
the smallest amounts and lowest de
nominations.
Said bonds must be payable on the
day and at the place fixed therein, and
with interest at the rate specified there
in, but such interest shall not exceed
four per centum per annum, payable
annually, seml-annually or quarterly
as the Supervisors may determine!
Euch bonds, when issued, may be sold
by the Sunervisors from time to time
as required, and in such quantities as
they may determine, but the samemust
be sold for cash in lawful money of the
tJnlted States as aforesaid to the high
est bidder at not less than par, after
having been advertised in the official
newspaper. They shall be sold under
Healed proposals, and the Supervisors
shall have the right to reject any or all
bids made for the purchase thereof
The proceeds of such sales shall be
placed in the treasury to the credit of
the nroner fund and shall be applied
exclusively to the purposes and obiects
mentioned in the. ordinance authorizing
their issue until such objects are fully
accomplished, after which, if any sur
plus remains, such surplus shall be
transferred to the General Fund.
Sec. 12. Such bonds shall be signed
by the Mayor and the Treasurer. nn<l
shall be countersigned by the Auditor
The coupons shrill bo numbered con
secutively and sltmcd by the Treasurer,
and the bonds and coupons shall be
payable at the office of the Treasurer
Sec. 13. At the time of levying the
municipal tax and in the manner pro
vided for such tax levy, the Super
visors shall levy and collect annually
a tax sufficient to pay the annual in
terest on such bonds, and also the
proper aliquot part of the aggr^c-nte
amount of such indebtedness po in
curred. Such taxes shall be in addition
to all other taxes levied fpr municipal
purposes, and shall be collected at the
same time and In the same manner aa
other municipal taxes are collected.
Sec. 14. A neglect or refusal on the
part of the Supervisors to comply with
the provisions of this Article ahall con
j&ltvt* cause fqr the removal from
office of any member or members of the
Board guilty of such neglect or refusal.
ARTICLE XIII.
CIVIL SERVICE.
SECTION 1. Immediately upon the
taking effect of this Charter the Mayor
shall appoint three persons, known by
him to be devoted to the principles of
Civil Service reform, who shall consti
tute the Civil Service Commission, one
for one year, one for two years, and one
for three years. Each year thereafter
the Mayor shall In like manner ap
point one person as the successor of the
Commissioner whose term of office ex
pires in that year, to serve as such
Commissioner for three years. All ap
pointments shall be so made that not
more than one Commissioner shall at
any time belong to the same political
party. Each of such Commissioners
shall receive an annual salary of
twelve hundred dollars.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall
classify all the places of employment in
or under the offices and departments of
the City and County mentioned in sec
tion eleven of this Article, with refer
ence to the examinations hereinafter
provided for. The places so classified
by the Commissioners shall constitute
the classified civil service of the City
and County, and no appointment to any
such place shall be made except ac
cording to the rules hereinafter men-
Sec. 3. The Commissioners shall
make rules to carry out the purposes
of this Article, and for examinations,
appointments, promotions and re
movals, and in accordance with its pro
visions may from time to time, make
changes in the existing rules. All rules
and all changes therein shall be forth
with printed for distribution by the
Commissioners.
Sec. 4. All applicants for places in
the classified civil service shall be sub
jected to examination, which shall be
public, competitive and free. Such ex
aminations shall be practical in their
character, and shall relate to those
matters only which will fairly test the
relative capacity of the persons ex
amined to discharge the duties of the
positions to which they seek to be ap
pointed, and shall include, when ap
propriate, tests of physical qualifica
tions, health, and of manual or pro
fessional skill.
Sec. 5. The selection of laborers
shall be governed by priority of appli
cation only. No question in any ex
amination shall relate to political or re
ligious opinions or affiliations. The
Commissioners shall control all ex
aminations, and may, whenever an ex
amination is to take place, designate a
suitable number of persons, either in or
not in the official service of the City
and County, to be examiners; and, if
in the official service, it shall be a part
of their official duty, without extra
compensation, to conduct such ex
aminations as the Commissioners may
direct, and to make return and report
thereof to the Commissioners. The
Commissioners may substitute any
other person, whether in or not in such
service, in the place of any one so se
lected, or may themselves act as such
Sec. 6. Notice of the time, place and
general scope of every examination
shall be given by the Commissioners
by publication for two weeks preceding
such examination in the official news
paper, and such notice shall also be
posted by the Commissioners in a con
spicuous place in their office for two
weeks before such examination. Such
further notice of examination shall be
given as they may prescribe.
Sec. 7. From the returns of the ex
aminers, or from the examinations
made by the Commissioners, the Com
missioners shall prepare a register for
each grade or class of positions in the
classified service of the City and
County of the persons whose general
average standing upon examination for
such grade or class is not less than the
minimum fixed by the rules of the
< \>mmissioners, and who are otherwise
eligible. Such persons shall take rank
upon the register as candidates in the
order of their relative excellence, as
Rermined by examination, without
=>rence to priority of time of ex
ination.
Sec. 8. The Commissioners shall pro
vide for promotion in the classified ser
vice on the basis of ascertained merit
and seniority in service and standing
upon examination, and shall provide, in
all cases where practicable, that vacan
cies shall be filled by promotion. All
examinations for promotion shall be
competitive among such members of
the next lower rank established by the
Commissioners for each department as
desire to submit themselves to such ex
aminations. The Commissioners shall
submit to the appointing power the
names of not more than three appli
cants having the highest rating for
each promotion. The method of exam
ining, and the rules governing the same,
and the method of Certifying, shall be
the same, as near as may be, as pro
vided for applicants for original ap
pointments.
Sec. 9. The head of the department
or office, In which a position classified
under this Article is to be filled, shall
notify the Commissioners of that fact,
and the Commissioners shall then certi
fy to the appointing officer the name
and address of one or more candidates,
not exceeding three, standing highest
upon the register for the class or grade
to which the position belongs; but la
borers shall be taken according to their
priority of application. In making such
certification, sex shall be disregarded,
except when some statute, the rules of
the Commissioners, or the appointing
power specifies sex.
Sec. 10. The appointing officer shall
notify the Commissioners of each posi
tion to be filled separately, and shall
fill such place by the appointment of
one of the persons certified to him by
the Commissioners therefor. Buch ap
pointment shall be on probation for a
period to be fixed by the rules of the
Commissioners; but such rules shall
not fix such period at exceeding six
months. The Commissioners may strike
off names of candidates from the regis
ter after they have remained thereon
more than two years. At or before the
expiration of the period of probation,
the head of the department or office in
which a candidate is employed, may,
by and with the consent of the Com
missioners, discharge him upon assign
ing in writing his reason therefor to
the Commissioners. If he is not then
discharged, his appointment shall be
deemed complete. To prevent the stop
page of public business, or to meet ex
traordinary exigencies, the head of any
department or office may, with the an
proval of the Commissioners, male*
temporary appointments, to remain in
force not exceeding sixty days, and only
until regular appointments, under the
provisions of this Article, can be made.
Sec. 11. The provisions of this Article
shall apply to the following offices and
departments of the City and County:
the County Clerk, tho Assessor, the Tax
Collector, the Sheriff, the Auditor, the
Recorder, the Coroner, the Clerks and
St-nopraphers of the Justices' and Po
lice Courts, the Board of Public Works,
the Police Department, the Fire De
partment, the Board Ct Election Com
missioners, the Board of Health and alt
boards or departments controlling
public utilities; but the following dep
uties, clerks and employees in said of
fices and departments shall be exempt
ed therefrom: the Cashier of the Coun
ty Clerk, the Chief Deputy and the
Cashier of the Assessor, the Chief Dep
uty and the Cashier of the Tax Collec
tor, the Under Sheriff and the Chief
Bookkeeper of the Sheriff, the Deputy
Auditor, the Chief Deputy of the Re
corder, the Chief Deputy Coroner, the
City Engineer, the Secretary and the
Architect of the Board of Public Works.,
the Registrar of the Board of Election
Commissioners, the Chief of Police, the
Chief Engineer of the Fire Department,
and all physicians appointed by or on
the Board of Health. All officers, court*,
boards and heads of departments vest
ed in this Charter with the power to
appoint deputies, clerks, stenographers
or employees in any of the offices or
CHARTER FOR THE CITY AISTD COUNTY OF SAN FRANCISCO.
departments of the City and County
mentioned in this section shall maks
Buch appointments in conformity with
the rules and provisions prescribed by
this Article, and any appointment not
so made shall be void.
Sec. 12. No deputy, clerk or employee
in the classified civil service of the City
and County, who shall have been ap
pointed under said rules, shall be re
moved or discharged except for cause,
upon written charges and after an op
portunity to be heard in his own de
fense. Such charges shall be investi
gated by or before the Civil Service
Commission, or by or before some offi
cer or board appointed by the Commis-r
sioners to conduct such investigation.
The finding and decision of the Com
missioners, or such investigating office*,
or board, when approved by the Com
missioners, shall be certified to the ap
pointing officer or board, and shall b~
forthwith enforced by such officer.
Nothing in this Article shall limit the
power of any officer or board to sus
pend a subordinate for a reasonable pe
riod, not exceeding thirty days.
Sec. 13. Immediate notice in writing
shall be given by the appointing power
to the Commissioners of all appoint
ments, permanent or temporary, made
in such classified civil service, and of
all transfers, promotions, resignations,
suspensions or vacancies from any
cause in such service, and of the date
thereof; and a record of the same shall
be kept by the Commissioners. When
any place of employment is created or
abolished, or the compensation at
tached thereto altered, the officer or
board making such change shall Imme
diately report in writing to the Cora-
Sec. 14. The Commissioners shall In
vestigate the enforcement of the pro
visions of this Article, and of its rules,
and the action of the examiners herein
provided for, and the conduct and
action of the appointees in the
classified service in the City and
County, • and may inquire as to
the nature, tenure and compensation
of all places in the public service there-
Sec. 15. The Commissioners shall, on
or before the fifteenth day of January I
in each year, make to the Supervisors j
a report showing their acts, the rules i
in force, the practical effects thereof,
and suggestions for the more ef
fectual accomplishment of the purposes
of this Article. The Mayor may re
quire a report from the Commissioners
at any time.
Sec. 16. The Commissioners shall em
ploy a Chief Examiner who shall, under
their direction, superintend any exam
ination held in the City and County
under this Article, and who shall per
form such duties as the Commissioners i
may prescribe. The Chief Examiner
shall be Secretary of the Commission
by virtue of his office. He shall keep |
minutes of its proceedings, preserve all |
reports made to it, and keep a record of |
all examinations held under its dlrec- |
tlon. He shall receive an annual salary !
of twenty-four hundred dollars.
Sec. 17. The Supervisors shall fur
nish the Commission with suitable of
fices, office furniture, books, stationery,
blanks, heat and light, and shall pro
vide for the payment of such other ex
penses as may be necessarily incurred
in carrying out the provisions of this
Sec. IS. No person or officer shall by
himself, or in co-operation with other
persons, defeat, deceive or obstruct any
person in respect to his or her right of
examination; or falsely mark, grade,
estimate or report upon the examina
tion or proper standing of any person
examined hereunder, or aid in so doing;
or make any false representations con
cerning the same, or concerning the
person examin d: or furnish to any
person any special or secret infor- '
mation for the purpose of either
improving or Injuring the prospects or
chances of any person of being ap- j
pointed, employed or promoted.
Sec. 19. The Commissioners shall cer- |
tify to the Auditor all appointments to |
places of employment in the classified
civil service, ai.i all vacancies occurring ;
therein, whether by dismissal, resigna
tion or death, and all findings made or j
approved by the Commission under the ;
provisions of Section twelve of this Ar- ;
tide.
Sec. 20. The Commissioners shall have j
power to institute and prosecute legal i
proceedings for violation of any of the
provisions of this Article.
ARTICLE XIV.
PARK COMMISSIONERS.
SECTION 1. The lands designated
upon the map of the Outside Lands of
the City and County, made pursuant to
Order Number One Hundred, by the
word "Park," extending from Stanyan
street to the Pacific Ocean and known
as Golden Gate Park; also the land
fronting on Haight street, designated
upon said map by the word "Park,"
and known as "Buena Vista Park";
also the land designated upon said map
by the word "Avenue," extending from
Baker street westward until it crosses
Stanyan street; also that certain high
way bounded on the west by the Pacific
Ocean, and designated upon said map
as "Great Highway"; also "Mountain
Lake Park"; also "Seal Rocks," as
ceded to the City and County of San
Francisco by Act of Congress; and all
the other parks and squares in the City
and County, and all the grounds
surrounding public buildings in the
City and County, and all parks and
squares and public pleasure grounds
hereafter acquired by the City and
County shall be under the exclusive
control and mangement of a Board of
Commissioners, who shall be known
and designated as Park Commissioners.
Sec. 2. The Commissioners shall be
successors in office of the Park Com
missioners holding office in the City
and County at the time this Charter
shall go Into effect by virtue of ap
pointment under any statute of this
Sec. 3. The Commissioners .shall be
five In number, one of whom must be
an artist. They shall be appointed by
the Mayor for a term of four years and
shall receive no compensation for their
services. They shall so classify them
selves by lot that one of them shall go
out of office at the end of one year, one
at the end of two years, one at the end
of three years, and two at the end of
four years.
Sec. 4. The Commissioners shall or
ganize by electing one of their number
President, and they may elect a Secre
tary who is not a member of the Board
The Board shall establish rules and
regulations for its government and for
the performance of its duties, and for
the conduct of its officers and em
ployees, and shall require adequate
bonds from all of them, except labor
ers, for the faithful performance of
their duties in such sums as may be
fixed by it. Such bonds shall be ap
proved by the Mayor and filed in the
office of the Auditor. The person
elected President shall hold his office
for one year, or until his successor is
elected. The Board must hold regular
meetings at least once in two weeks,
and as many special meetings as it
may deem proper.
Three of the Commissioners shall con
stitute a quorum for the transact'cn of
business. No contract shall be ?nt?r^d
into' authorizing the expenditure of
money without the approval of four of
the Commissioners. Every "ontiact
exceeding five hundred dollars in
amount shall be open to public com
petition, unless the Board shall deter
mine in any given case to have the
work done by day's labor. All the pro
visions of the Article In this Charter on
the Department of Public Works relat
ing to contracts shall be applicable to
all contract work ordered b.y tho Com
missioners.
Sec. 5. The Commissioners may
adopt ordinances for the regulation, use
and government of the aforesaid park«,
squares, avenues and grounds not in
consistent with the laws of the Stato
of California or with this Charter. Such
ordinances shall, within five days after
their passage, be published for ten
days, Sundays excepted, in the official
newspaper. Any person violating any
of such ordinances shall be deemed
guilty of a misdemeanor, and shall be
puni3hed therefor, on conviction, "n any
court of competent Jurisdiction. Noneof
such ordinances shall be valid unless it
receives the vote of four membenj of
the Board. No ordinance shall be
passed at tbe same meeting at which it
is introduced, or at any other than a
regular meeting. Such ordinances shall
take effect in not less than ten days af
ter their adoption.
Sec. 6. The Commissioners shall have
the complete and exclusive control,
management and directionof the afore
said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds, and the exclusive right to
erect, and to superintend the erection
of, buildings and structures thereon;
and to that end may employ and ap
point superintendents, laborers, sur
veyors, engineers, and other officers and
assistants, and prescribe and fix their
duties, authority and compensation.
They shall have the exclusive manage
ment and disbursement of all funds le
gally appropriated or received from
any source for the support of said
parks, squares, avenues and grounds.
The Board may accept from donora
suitable articles for the Museum and
Art Gallery situate in the aforesaid
Golden Gate Park and shall manage
and control said Museum and Art Gal
lery.
Except as provided In section nine of
this Chapter, nothing in this section
shall be so construed as to authorize the
Commissioners to lease any part of any
of said parks, squares, avenues and
grounds to any person, company or cor
poration for any purpose; or to permit
any person, company or corporation to j
build or maintain any structure on any
part of said parks, squares, avenues or
grounds; but this shall not inhibit the
j Board from leasing, for a period not i
I greater than one year, such buildings
as may be constructed by itself for the
use of the public to such person, com
pany or corporation who shall under
take to serve such use; and in >jvery
such lease the Board shall reserve the
right to enter at all times into and uron
the premises so leased, and shall make
the condition that the building so
leased shall be used for pane-pleasure
purposes only. No such builiin? shall
be constructed by the Board except it
ne within the objects and purposes for
which said parks, squares, aye mes and
grounds were dedicated to the public.
Nothing, however, in this section con
tained shall inhibit the Board from
permitting the use of a limited portion
of any one of the aforesaid parks or
squares for the purpose ot conducting
thereon a Fair or Exposition, under [
such conditions and restrictions as may I
be necessary lo conserve the integrity
of said parks and squares, and for a pe
ricd not greater than six months, and
so as not to interfere wilh the use or !
any of the same by the public for park
pleasure purposes; but no such permis
sion shall ever be granted oxe<;pt such
Fair or Exposition be of National, Stat«
or Municipal mportance. None of the
moneys in, or apportioned to, the Park
Fund shall fee used for th? purposes cy
any such Fair cr Exposition.
Stc. 7. The Chief of Police shall, on
tin? request of the Commissioner!-, de
tail sveh members of the Police Force
of the City and County for service in
said parks, squares, aver.u-r-s and
grounds as may be necessary for the en- I
forcement of the law and for the proper I
ibstrvance of the ordinance of the !
Commissioners; and the Commissioners '
may provide a place of detention with
in either of si.d public pla -es in which
the persons arrested for violating any
of ihe onlinr.Tices of the Board may b«?
detained tempciarily.
Sec. 8. The Board may receive dona
tions from persons and corporations
and legacies and bequests for the im
provement of said park, squares, ave
nues and grounds. All moneys that
may be derived from such donations
legacies and bequests, shall, unless
otherwise provided by the terms of
such gift, legacy, or bequest, be de
posited in the treasury of the City and
County to the credit of the Park Fund.
The same may be withdrawn therefrom
and paid out in the same manner as is
provided for the payment of moneys le
gally appropriated for the support and
improvement of such parks, squares
avenues and grounds. If the moneys
derived from such gifts, bequests or
legacies, shall at any time exceed in
amount the sum necessary for imme
diate expenditures on said parks
squares, avenues and grounds, the
Board shall invest all or a part of the
same in interest bearing bonds of the
United States, or of the State of Cali
fornia or of any municipality thereof.
Sec. 9. The Board may lease to the
State of California, on such terms as it
may deem proper, a plot of ground in
Golden Gate Park not more than seven
hundred feet square, on which said
State may erect and maintain an ex
position building, in which may be ex
hibited the products of the several
counties of the State and in which the
collection made by the State Mining
Bureau may be maintained and ex
hibited; but said lease shall be upon the
express condition that no fee shall ever
be charged for admission to said build
ing.
Sec. 10. Hereafter no work of art
shall become the property of the City
and County by purchase, gift or other
wise, unless such work of art or design
of the same, together with a statement
of the proposed location of such work
of art, shall first have been submitted
to and approved by the Commissioners
nor shall such work of art, until so ap
proved, be erected or placed in or upon,
or allowed to extend over or upon
any street, avenue, square, park, muni
cipal building or other public place be
longing to the City and County. The
Board may require a complete model
of the proposed work of art to be sub
mitted. The term "work of art" as used
in this section shall apply to and in
clude all paintings, mural decorations
stained glass, statues, bas-reliefs or
other sculptures, monuments, foun
tains, arches or other structures of a
permanent character, intended for
ornament or commemoration. No ex
isting work of art in the possession of
the City and County shall be removed,
relocated or altered in any way with
out the similar approval of the Board.
When so requested by the Mayor, or
the Supervisors, or the Board of
Public Works, or the Board of Educa
tion, the Board of Park Commissioners
shall act in a similar capacity, with
similar powers, in respect of the de
signs of municipal buildings, bridges
approaches, gates, fences, lamps or
other structures erected or to be erect
ed upon land belonging to the City and
County, and in respect of the lines
grades and plotting of public ways and
grounds, and in respect of arches,
bridges, structures and approaches
which are the property of any corpora
tion or private individual and which
shall extend over or upon any street
avenue, highway, park or public place
belonging to the City and County. This
section shall not be so construed as to
impa-ir the power of the Park Commis
sioners to refuse their consent to the
erection or acceptance of public monu
ments or memorials or other works of
art of any sort within any park, square
or public place in the City and County
Sec. 11. The Supervisors shall pro
vide all necessary money for the main
tenance, preservation and improve
ment of said parks, squares, avenues
arid grounds, and to that end shall an
nually levy a tax on all property in the
City and County nojt exempt from taxa
tion, which shall not te less than five
cents nor more than seven cents upon
each one hundred dollars assessed
valuation of said property.
ARTICLE XV.
BONDS OP OFFICIALS.
SECTION 1. Officers of the City and
County, before entering: upon the die
charge of their official duties, shall
respectively and execute to the
City and County such official bonds as
may be required by law, ordinance or
this Charter . When the amount of any
bond is not flxed by law or by this
It shall b* fixed by an anil-.
nance of the Supervisors. All bonds,
excepting thoße of the Mayor and Au
ditor, must be approved by the Mayor
and Auditor; the bond of the Mayor
must be approved by the Auditor, and
the bond of the Auditor must be ap
proved by the Mayor. The approval of
every official bond must be indorsed
thereon, and signed by the officers ap
proving the same, after examination
of the sureties, as hereinafter pro
vided. Upon the approval of a bond it
must be recorded, at the expense of
the party giving the bond, in the office
of the Recorder, in a book kept for
that purpose, entitled Record of Official
Bonds. The bond of the Auditor shall
be filed and kept in the office of the
County Clerk. The bonds of all other
officers shall be filed and kept In the
office of the Auditor.
Sec. 2. The following officers shall
respectively execute official bonds to
the City and County, with sureties, in
the following sums:
Mayor, twenty-five thousand dollars;
Auditor, fifty thousand dollars; Treas
urer, one hundred thousand dollars;
Tax Collector, one hundred thousand
dollars; Assessor, fifty thousand dol
lars; County Clerk, fifty thousand dol
lars; Recorder, ten thousand dollars;
Sheriff, fifty thousand dollars; Coroner,
ten thousand dollars; City Attorney,
ten thousand dollars- District Attor
ney, ten thousand dollars; Public Ad
ministrator, fifty thousand dollars; Su
perintendent of Public Schools, five
thousand dollars; each Commissioner
of Public Works, twenty-five thousand
dollars; Clerk of the Supervisors, ten
thousand dollars; each Supervisor, five
thousand dollars; each School Director,
five thousand dollars; each Fire Com
missioner, ten thousand dollars; each
Police Commissioner, five thousand dol
lars; each Election Commissioner, ten
thousand dollars; Property Clerk of
Police Department, ten thousand dol
lars; the Warrant and Bond Clerk, ten
thousand dollars.
Sec. 3. City and County officers shall
not be accepted as surety for each
other on official bonds. Every bond
shall contain a condition that the prin
cipal -will faithfully perform all official
duties then, or that may thereafter be,
imposed upon or required of him by
law, ordinance, or this Charter, and
that at the expiration of his term of
office he will surrender to his successor
all property, books, papers, and docu
ments that may come into his posses
sion as such officer. Such bond must
also be executed by two or more sure
ties who shall each justify in the
amount required for said bond; but
when the amount of the bond is more
than five thousand dollars, the sureties
may become severally liable for por
tions of not less than twenty-five hun
dred dollars. When there are more
than two sureties, such sureties may
justify in an amount which in the ag
gregate shall equal double the amount
of said bond.
Sec. 4. Every surety upon an official
bond, other than lawfully authorized
surety companies, must make an affi
davit, which shall be endorsed upon
such bond, that he is a resident and
freeholder in the City and County, and
worth in property situated in the City
and County, exclusive of incumbrances
thereon, double the amount of his un
dertaking over and above all sums for
which he is already liable or in any
manner bound, whether as principal,
indorser or surety, and whether such
prior obligation or liability be condi
tional or absolute, liquidated, or un
liquidated, due or to become due. All
persons offered as sureties on official
bonds may be examined on oath as to
their qualifications by the officers whose
duty it is to approve the bond.
Sec. 5. When under any of the pro
visions of this Charter, or of any ordi
nance, an official bond shall be required
from an officer, the Supervisors may.
by resolution, require an additional
bond, whenever, in the opinion of
such board, such bond or any surety
thereto becomes insufficient: and such
additional bond shall also be required
when a surety to a bond shall die or
cease to be a resident of the City and
County.
Sec. 6. Every officer shall be liable on
his official bond for the acts and omis
sions of his deputies, assistants, clerks,
and employees, appointed by him. and
of any and each of them, and every of
ficial bond shall contain such a condi
tion.
Sec. 7. Every board, department or
officer may require of their deputies,
clerks or employees bonds of indemnity
with sufficient sureties for the faithful
performance of their duties.
ABTICLE XVI.
MISCELLANEOUS.
SECTION 1. The words "City and
County" wherever they occur in this
Charter mean the City and County of
San Francisco; and every department,
board and officer, wherever either one
of them is mentioned in this Charter,
means a department, board or officer,
as the case may be, of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Sec. 2. All deputies, clerks, assistants
and other employees of the City and
County must be citizens of the United
States, and must, during their respect
ive terms of office or employment, ac
tually reside in the City and County
and must have so resided for one year
next preceding their appointment.
Sec. 3. No officer of the City and
County, except members of the Police
Department acting under orders of the
Chief thereof, shall absent himself
from the State; but he may, once only
during his term of office, so absent him
self for a period of not more than sixty
days upon the written permission of
the Mayor so to do. Violation of this
section shall be sufficient cause for the
removal of any officer violating the
same.
Sec. 4. Any person holding- a salaried
office under the City and County,
whether by election or appointment,
who shall, during his term of office,
hold or retain any other salaried office
under the government of the United
States, or of this State, or who shall
hold any other salaried office connected
with the government of the City and
County, or who shall become a member
of the Legislature, shall be deemed to
have thereby vacated the office held
by him under the City and County.
Sec. 5. No department, board or offi
cer shall, under any circumstances, em
ploy more subordinates than are spe
cifically provided for in this Charter or
buy supplies beyond the sum furnished
therefor by the Supervisors.
Sec. 6. No Supervisor and no officer
or employee of the City and County,
shall be or become, directly or indirect
ly, interested in. or in the performance
of, any contract, work, or business, or
in the sale of any article, the expense,
price or consideration of Which is paya
ble from the treasury; or in the pur
chase or lease of any real estate or
other property belonging to, or taken
by, the City and County, or which shall
be sold for taxes or assessments, or by
virtue of legal process at the suit of the
City and County. If any person in this
section designated shall, during the
time for which he was elected or ap
pointed, acquire an interest in any con
tract with, or work done for, the City
and County, or any department or offi
cer thereof, or in any franchise, right or
privilege granted by the City and Coun
ty, unless the same shall be devolved I
upon him by law, he/shall forfeit his of
fice, and be forever after debarred and
disqualified from being elected, ap
pointed or employed in the service of
the City and County; and all such con
tracts shall be void, and shall not be
enforceable against the City and Coun
ty.
Sec. 7. No officer or employee of the
City and County shall give or promise
to give to any other person, any por
tion of his compensation, or any money,
or valuable thing, in consideration of
having been, or of being, nominated,
appointed, voted for, or elected to, any
office or employment; and if any such
promise or gift be made, the person
making such gift or promise shall for
feit his office and employment, and be
forever debarred and dlsaualifled from t
being elected, appointed or employed in
the servloe of the City and County.
Sec. 8. Any officer of the City and
County who shall, while in office, ac
cept any donation or gratuity in money,
or other valuable thing, either directly
or indirectly, from any subordinate or
employee, or from any candidate or ap
plicant for any position &b employee
or subordinate under him, shall forfeit
his office, and be forever debarred and
disqualified from holding any position
In the service of the City and County.
Sec. 9. Every department, board and
commission provided for in this Char
ter, except the Supervisors, shall ren
der to the Mayor within one month af
ter the end of each fiscal year a full re
port of all the operations of such de-
partment or board or commission for
such year.
Sec. 10. An office becomes vacant
when the incumbent thereof dies, re
signs, is adjudged insane, convicted of
felony, or of an offense involving a vio.
lation of his official duties, or is re
moved from office, or ceases to be a
resident of the City and County, or neg
lects to qualify within the time pre
scribed by law, or within twenty days
after his election or appointment, or
shall have be«n absent from the State
without leave for more than sixty con
secutive days.
Sec. 11. Every officer who shall ap
prove, allow or pay any demand on the ;
treasury not authorized by law, ordi
nance or this Charter, shall be liable to
the City and County individually and
on his official bond for the amount of
the demand so illegally approved, al
lowed or paid.
Sec. 12. The departments, boards,
commissioners and officers provided for
in this Charter shall be entitled to the
possession of all papers, books, docu
ments, maps, plats, records and ar
chives in the possession or under the
control of those respectively who are
superseded in office under this Charter
by such departments, boards, commis
sioners and officers.
Sec. 13. All books and records of
every office and department shall b*
open to the inspection of any citizen at
any time during business hours. Cer
tified copies or extracts from said booKs
and records shall be given by the offi
cer having the same in custody to any
person demanding the same, and pay
ing or tendering ten cents a folio of one
hundred words for such copies or ex
tracts; but the records of the Polica
Department shall not be subject to
such inspection except permission be
given by the Police Commissioners or
by the Chief of Police.
Sec. 14. The Treasurer shall keep his
office open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from nine o'clock
in the forenoon until four o'clock in
the afternoon. Except where other
wise provided for by law, or by this
Charter, all other public offices shall be
kept open for business every day, ex
cept legal holidays, from half-past
eight o'clock in the forenoon until five
o'clock in the afternoon; and, in ad
dition thereto, from the first day of
November until the last Monday of De
cember in each year the office of the
Tax Collector shall Le kept open until
nine o'clock in the evening.
Sec. 15. "No person shall be eligible to
or hold any office, or be clerk or dep
uty in any office or department, who
has been found guilty of malfeasance
in office, bribery or other infamous
crime or who in any capacity has em
bezzled public funds.
Sec. 16. The fiscal year mentioned in
this Charter shall commence on the
first day of July and end on the thirti
eth day of June following.
Sec. 17. All moneys, assessments and
taxes belonging to or collected for the
use of the City and County, coming into
the hands of any officer of the City and
County, shall immediately be deposited
with the Treasurer for the benefit of
the funds to which they respectively
belong. If such officer for twenty-four
hours after receiving the same shall
delay or neglect to make such deposit,
he shall be deemed guilty of misconduct
in office and may be removed.
Sec. 18. Any elected officer, except
Supervisor, may be suspended by the
Mayor and removed by the Supervisors
for cause: and any appointed officer
may be removed by the Mayor for
cause. The Mayor shall appoint some
person to discharge the duties of the
office during the period of such sus
pension.
Sec. 19. When the Mayor shall sus
pend any elected officer he shall im
mediately notify the Supervisors of
such suspension and the cause there
for. If the Board is not in session he
shall immediately call a session of the
same in such manner as shall be pro
vided by ordinance. The Mayor shall
present written charges against such
suspended officer to the Board and fur
nish a copy of the same to said officer,
who shall have the right to appear
with counsel before the Board in his
defense. If by an affirmative vote of
not less than fourteen members of the
Board of Supervisors, taken by ayes
and noes and entered on its 'record, the
action of the Mayor is approved, then
the suspended officer shall thereby be
removed from office; but if the action
of the Mayor is not so approved such
suspended officer shall be immediately
reinstated.
Sec. 20. When the Mayor shall re
move an appointed officer from office,
he shall immediately notify the Board
of Supervisors of such removal, and
furnish it a statement of, the cause
therefor, which statement shall be en
tered in the record of its proceedings.
Sec. 21. Unless otherwise provided
by law or by this Charter, any officer,
board or department authorized to ap
point any deputy, clerk, assistant or
employee, shall have the right to re
move any person so appointed.
Sec. 22. All appointments of officers,
deputies and clerks to be made under
any provision of this Charter must be
made in writing and in duplicate, au
thenticated by the person or person,
board or officer making the same. One
of such duplicates must be filed with
the Secretary of the Civil Service Com
mission and the other with the Auditor.
Sec. 23. Wherever it is provided in
this Charter that the members of any
board, department or commission shall
so classify themselves by lot that their
terms of office shall expire at different
times, such members shall, on the day
of making such classification, cause the
same to be entered In the records of
their proceedings, and a copy thereof
certified by the Secretary thereof and
signed by all of said members, shall be
filed with the Clerk of the Supervisors.
In every case such classification must
be made at the first meeting of the
Board.
Sec. 24. Every officer and every mem
ber of any board or committee provided
for in this Charter shall have the power
to administer oaths and affirmations,
and every such board, officer or com
mittee shall have power to issue subpe
nas, to compel by subpena the produc
tion of books, papers and document?
and to take and hear testimony concern
ing any matter or thing pending before
any such board, officer or committee.
If any person so subpenaed neglect or
refuse to appear, or to produce any
book, paper or document, as required
by such subpena, or shall refuse to
testify before any such board, officer or
committee, or to answer any question
which any officer or a majority of such
board or committee shall decide to be,
proper or pertinent, he shall be
deemed in contempt, and any such
board, officer or committee shall have
power to take the proceedings in that
behalf provided by the general laws of
this State. The Chief of Police must,
on request of such officer or of any
member of any such board or com
mittee, detail a Police Officer or Officers
to serve such subpenas.
Sec. 25. All publications provided for
in this Charter must be made in the
official newspaper only.
Sec. 26. All franchises and privileges
heretofore granted by the City and
County which are not in actual use or
enjoyment, or which the grantees
thereof have not In good faith com
menced to exercise, are hereby de
clared forfeited and of no validity un
laaa guaid grant aaa or their assigns shall,
within clx months after this Charter
takes effect, in good faith commence
the exercise and enjoyment of such
privilege or franchise.
Sec 27 A.ll ordinances or resolutions
for the improvement of any street for
which no contract shall have been en
tered into at the time this Charter
takes effect are hereby repealed.
Sec 28. All ordinances, orders ana
resolutions of the Supervisors of the
City and County in force at the time
this Charter takes effect, and not in
consistent therewith, shall continue in
force until amended or repealed.
Sec. 29. When the Supervisors shall
determine that the public interest re
quires the construction or acquisition
of any permanent municipal building or
improvement, the cost of which in ad
dition to the other expenses of the
City and County will exceed the income
and revenue provided for the City and
County for any one year, they mus. Ny
ordinance passed Ly ths affirmative vot«
of not less than fourteen members of
the Board, submit a proposition to in
cur a bonded indebtedness for such
purpose to the electors of the City and
County at a special election to be held
for that purpose only. All the provis
ions of this Charter providing for the
acquisition of public utilities, so far aa
j the same are applicable, shall apply to
i the manner of submitting such propo
j sition to the electors, to the limitation*
of said bonded indebtedness, to the is
suance and character of the same, and
to the time when and the kind of
money in which said bonded In
debtedness shall be payable. The pro
ceeds of the sales of such bonds shall
be paid into the treasury to the credit
of the Public Building Fund.
Sec. 30. Every assistant deputy or
other subordinate of any board, depart
ment or officer, shall discharge any of
the duties pertaining to such depart
ment, board or office as his chief may
assign him to.
Sec. 31. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners
shall be eligible to any elective office
while he is a member of such Board, or
for one year thereafter.
Sec. 82. No member of the Board of
Police Commissioners and no member
of the Board of Fire Commissioners,
and no officer, subordinate or employee
of the Police Department or of the Fira
Department, shall be a member of any
partisan convention the purpose of
which is to nominate candidates for
office: nor shall either of them directly
or indirectly electioneer, by soliciting
votes or otherwise, for or against any
candidate for office at any election, or
for or against any candidate for nomi
nation before any political convention,
or for or against any candidate for del
egate to such convention at any pri
mary election; nor shall either of them
be a member of any committee, club,
or organization the purpose of which is
to nominate or endorse candidates for
office at any election; nor in any way
attempt to influence or control such
committee, club or organization, while
nominating or endorsing said candi
dates; nor take any part in the control,
management or distribution of the po
litical patronage of any public officer;
nor shall any member of either of said
Boards, or any officer, subordinate or
employee of either of said departments
directly or indirectly attempt to control
or in any manner influence the action
of any officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments at any
general, special or primary election.
And no officer, subordinate or employee
of either of said departments shall
levy, collect or pay any amount of
money as an assessment or contri
bution for political purposes. Any
person violating any of the pro
visions of this section shall be re
moved forthwith from his office or
employment. If the violation be by a
member of either of said Boards the
Mayor must remove such member; and
if by an officer, employee or subordinate
of either of said departments, then the
Board whose officer, employee or sub
ordinate has been guilty of such viola
tion, must remove such officer, employee
or subordinate; and if such Board fail
or refuse to make such removal, then
the Mayor must remove all members of
the Board who have so failed or re
fused.
Sec. 33. No deputy, clerk or other em
ployee of the City and County shall be
paid for a greater time than that
covered by his actual service.
Sec. 34. The salaries provided in this
Charter shall be in full compensation
for all services rendered, and every of
ficer shall pay all moneys coming into
his hands aa such officer, no matter
from what source derived or received.
Into the treasury of the City and
County within twenty-four hours af
ter receipt of the same.
Sec. 35. When any officer, board or de
partment shall require additional depu
ties, clerks or employees, application
shall be made to the Mayor therefor,
and upon such application the Mayor
shall make investigation as to the ne
cessity for such additional assistance;
and if he find the same necessary ha
may recommend to the Supervisors to
authorize the appointment of such ad
ditional deputies, clerks or employees;
and thereupon the Supervisors, by an
affirmative vote of not less than four
teen members, may authorize such ap
pointments, and provide far the com
pensation of such appointees, subject to
the limitations contained in this Char
ter, and subject to the provisions of
Article XIII thereof.
Sec. 36. At any time between the first
day of December, in the year one
thousand eight hundred and ninety
nine, and the first day of January, in
the year nineteen hundred, the person
who, at the election held under this
Charter in the month of November next
preceding, has been elected the Mayor
of the City and County, shall make all
the appointments provided by thi9
Charter to be made by him, and all
the persons so appointed shall there
upon qualify as in this Charter pro
vided, and shall take office at the hour
of noon on the first Monday after the
first day of January in the year nine
teen hundred, and all boards, commis
sions and officers of the City and Coun
ty holding by appointment under ex
isting laws shall hold office no longer
than said last aforesaid time.
Sec. 37. The balance remaining in tha
School Fund at the time this Charter
takes effect shall forthwith be trans
ferred to the Conrmon School Fund cre
ated by this Charter. The balance re
maining in the Library Fund at tha
time this Charter takes effect shall
forthwith be transferred to the Library
Fund created by this Charter. The bal
ance remaining in the Park Improve^
ment Fund at the time this Charter
taken effect shall forthwith be trans
;red to the Park Fund created by thia
rter. The balance remaining in tha
ipportioned Fee Fund at the time
I Charter takes effect shall forthwith
transferred to the Unapportioned
! Fund created by this Charter. The
dance remaining in the Police Relief
and Pension Fund at the time thia
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Police Relief and
Pension Fund created by this Charter.
The balance remaining in the Surplus
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect shall forthwith be transferred to
the Surplus Fund created by this Char
ter. The balance remaining in the Spo.
cial Deposit Fund at the time thia
Charter takes effect shall forthwith be
transferred to the Special Deposit Fund
created by this Charter. The balance
remaining in the General Fund at the
time this Charter takes effect tha
balance remaining in the Street Lisrh*
Fund at the time this Charter takes ef
fect, the balance remaining in th«
f^ ee^u Department Fund at the time
this Charter takes effect, the balance
remaining in the Police Contingent
Fund at the time this Charter takeFef!
feet, the balance remaining in th«
Pound Fee Fund at the time this Char
ter takes effect, and the balance re
maining in the Special Fee Fund at ttapaid General Fund shall be paid, as in 1
tliis section hereinafter provided, all '
the expenses of the various depart
ments of the City and Cuunty, except
such expenses as are by this Charter |
to be paid out of the Funds specifically j
provided fur the payment of such ex- \
penses. For the six months ending on
the thirtieth day of June, In the year
r nineteen hundred, each and every of
said departments shall expend the
moneys set apart to each of them by
the Board of Supervisors of the existing
municipality. So much of said moneys
pet apart by saiii Board of Supervisors
to the Superintendent of Public Streets,
Highways and Bqu for the liseal
year ending on said thirtieth day of
June, in the year nineteen hundred, as
shall remain unexpended at the time
this Charier takes effect, shall be ex
pended during said six months by the
Board of Public Works in the opera
tions of the department committed to
its charge. All the expenses of the City
and County which are not to be paid out
of specific funds -hall be paid during
paid six months out of the General
Fund, Should the moneys set apart
by the Board uf Supervisors of the ex
isting municipality to any department
of the <"ity and County become or be
exhausted at any time during said six
months, or should any department cre
nu-d by this Charter have no money
specifically provided for it during said
git months, then in each such case the
expenses thereof shall be paid out erf
th" General Fund, notwithstanding
anything contained in sections nix and
■1 of Chapter I of Article ill of this
Charter. Such pensions as may accrue to
firemen under Article IX of this Char
ter during said six months shall be paid
out of the General Fund. The existing
municipality mentioned in this Bectioq
is the existing municipality of the City
.and County Of San Francisco, and the
several funds which are to be trans
d as in this section provided are
funds of said existing municipality. All
the funds of said existing municipality
mentioned in this section, and
which are authorized by law, shall be
continued in the treasury until the ne
cessity for their continuance ceases.
Sec. 38. When the necessity for
maintaining any Fund of the City and
County in existence at the time this
Charter takes effect has ceased to ex
ist, and a balance remains in such
Fund, the Supervisors shall so declare
by ordinance, and upon such declara
tion such balance shall be forthwith
transferred to the General Fund.
SCHEDULE.
This Charter shall be published for
twenty .lays in The San Francisco Call
and in the Daily Report, daily news
papers of general circulation in the
City and County of San Francisco, and
after such publication, viz.: on Thurs
day, the twenty-sixth day of May, In
the year one thousand eight hundred
and ninety-^ight, it shall be submitted
to the qualified electors of suid City
and County of San Francisco, at a spe
cial election which shall be held on that
day, for the sole purpose of voting upon
the adoption of the same; and if a ma
jority of the qualified electors of said
City and County voting at said election
shall ratify the same it shall be sub
mitted to the Legislature of the State
of California for its approval or rejec
tion. If the Legislature shall approve
the same, it shall take effect and be in
force, except as hereinafter otherwise
provided, on and after the hour of noon
on tht> first Monday after the first day
of January in the year nineteen hun
dred, and shall thereupon become the
Charter and organic law of the City
and County of San Francisco, and shall
Bapersede the existing Charter of said
City and County, and all amendments
thereof, and all laws inconsistent with
this Charter.
The form of ballots at said election
Khali be as follows:
FOR THE NEW CHARTER, YES.
F<'R THE NEW CHARTER, NO.
For the sole purposes of the election
of the officers directed in this Charter
to be elected by the people, this Char
ter shall take effect on and after its
approval by the Legislature, and the
election of such officers shall be man
aged, conducted and controlled by the
Bcartl of Election Commissioners in
and for said City and County in office
at the time of such election.
And for the Bole other purpose of the
Mayor elected under this Charter mak
ing the appointments provided in this
Charter to be made by him, and of the
qualification of the persons so ap
pointed, this Charter shall take effect
en the first day of December, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-nine.
BE IT KNOWN, That the City and:
County of San Francisco, containing a j
population of more than two hundred
thousand inhabitants, on the twenty-
Beventh d.iy of December, in the year!
one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-seven, and under and in ac
cordance with the provisions of Sec
tion S, of Article XI. of the Constitu
tion of this State, did elect the under
signed a Board of Fifteen Freeholders, i
to prepare and propose a Charter for
paid City and County; and we, the
members of said board, in pursuance i
of such provisions of the Constitution, !
and within a period o-f ninety days \
after such election, have prepared and
do propose the foregoing, signed in I
duplicate, as and for the Charter for i
said City and County of San Fran
cisco.
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, we have
hereunto set our hands in duplicate,
this twenty-fifth day of March, in the
year one thousand eight hundred and
ninety-eight.
JOSEPH BRITTON, President.
JEROME A. ANDERSON,
JAMES BUTLER,
H. N. CLEMENT,
A. COMTE, Jr.,
ALFRED CRIDGE,
L. R. ELLERT,
ISIDOR GUTTE,
p. h. McCarthy,
JOHN NIGHTINGALE, Jr.,
JOHN C. NOBMANN,
JOSEPH O'CONNOR,
LIPI'MANN SACHS,
EDWARD H. TAYLOR
A. W. THOMPSON.
Attest: J. RICH'D FREUD,
Secretary.
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
Office of United States Lighthouse Inspector,
Portland, Or., April 12, 1898.
Alaska.
__ Notice is hereby given that Poundstone Rock
buoy, a red and black horizontally stripped
second-class can buoy, which marks a danger
ous pinnacle rock having 12 feet of water over
It at extreme low water. In Lynn Canal, is
reported as having ten* adrift from its posi
tl0 .!V J^ wUI be "Placed as early as nract'
cable. This notice affects the list oT Beacsi s
and Buoys Pacific Coast, 1*96 page 75 By
order of the United States Lighthouse Boaid.
\V T VIS IC
Captain. Corps of Engineers. U." B*' A ■ Engi
neer Thirteenth Lighthouse District.
NOTICE TO MARi:,ERa
A branch of the United States Hydrographlo
Office, located In the Merchants' Exchange !■
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit of
mariners without regard to nationality and
Tree of expense.
Navigators are cot tally Invited to visit th«
office where complete sets of charts and Ball-
Ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and tti*> latest
Information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
The time ball on top of the bulldlnc on Tele
rraph Hill Is hoisted about ten minutes Wore
noon and Is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian
by telegraphic signal received each day froni
the United States Naval Observatory at Mars
Island. Cal.
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time ir giving the error. If any Is
published the same day by the afternoon
Eptrs. and by the mornlnr papers the follow
t day. W. 8. HTTQHES.
Lieutenant, V. S. N., In charge.
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY.
Linseed Oil lower.
Silver weaker.
AVheat and Barley futures lower.
Other Cereals easier, but unchanged.
Hay coming In from other States.
Beans and Seeds unchanged.
Flour and Millstuffs as before.
Potatoes and Onions unchanged.
Summer Vegetables arrive heavily.
Butter and Eggs about as before.
Poultry quiet.
Fresh Fruits unchanged.
Large salee of Dried Peaches.
Small Prunes in demand.
Provisions slow.
Hogs very weak and dull.
OUR POCKET FILLED FOR WAR,
The financial circular of Henry Clews, the
New York banker, says: "Though standing on i
the very threshold of a great war there Is ,
nothing whatever approaching a panicky feel- j
ing In financial circles. Our responsibilities
have already been carefully weighed; it has
been forecalculated what will be the drain
upon the Treasury and the effect upon our |
foreign trade, and the situation is viewed with j
it full conviction that we are financially well
prepared for whatever may come and can
maintain our ability to keep our business in
terests under compact control and our indus
tries reasonably active when our navy and our
soldiers are engaged In tlie direful activities
of war. It is a significant fact— which
strengthens local confidence— that of the hun
dreds of millions of our obligations held abroad
virtually none is being sent home through
distrusts suggested by our situation. On the
contrary, "Americans' rank among the strong
■ Bt securities on the markets of London and
Berlin. Instead of being called upon to return
capital to Europe we are lending largely to
•i money markets and gold is still flowing ;
to New York, so miu'h so that the Bank of j
England has during the week had to advance
its rate of discount from 3 per cent to 4 per |
cent in order to check the efflux. Under these j
circumstances the absence of alarm In Wall
street is not surprising, and It seems reason
able to expect that the declaration of war
would not produce any very s-erious further de
cline in the price of investments."
EXPLANATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures at station indicate minimum temperature
for the days: those underneath it, if any. the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the ; aat twelve hours.
Isuhars. or solid lines, connect points of equal
air pressure; isotherms, or dotted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and la usually accompanied
by fair weather; "low" refers to low pres
sure and Is usually preceded and accompanied
by clou.!>* weather and rains. "Lows" usually
first appear on the Washington When
the pressure Is high In the Interior and low
along the coast, and the Isobars extend north
and south along the coast, rain Is probable;
but when the "low" Is Inclosed with Isobars of
marked curvature, rain south of Oregon Is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
Idaho, and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may be expected
In summer and colder weather In winter. The
reverse of these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time.)
SAN FRANCISCO. April 14, 5 p. m.
Following are the rainfalls for the past
twenty-four hours and seasonal rainfalls to
date, as compared with those of the same date
last season:
Past This Last
Stations — 24 hours. Season. Season.
Eureka 0.02 31.15 47.66
Red Muff 0 12.30 23. 53
Sacramento 0 b.87 17.15
S*n Francisco 0 7.75 22.56
Fresno 0 4.61 10.52
San Luis Ob!spo 0 6.05 20.71
Los Angeles 0 6.28 16.74
Pan Diego 0 4.18 11.66
Yuma Trace 1.65 5.35
San Francisco temperature: Maximum, 67;
minimum, 47; mean, 52.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
The pressure has fallen over the entire coun
try we?t of the Rocky Mountain*. A trough
Of low pressure extends from the Sacramento
Valley southeastward into Arizona.
The temperature lias fallen over the greater
portion of the Paeillc Slope. Along the central
anil southern coast there has been a fall of
from 12 to 24 degrees.
A maximum wind velocity of 2fi miles per
hour from the south is reported at Yuma.
Cloudy weather prevails generally on the
Pacific Slope.
Forecasts made at Pan Francisco for thirty
hours ending midnight, April 15. 1R98:
Ni.rthrrn California: Cloudy Friday, with
lt£ht showers in extreme northern portion;
fresh westerly wind; fog on the coast In the
morning.
Southern California: Cloudy and unsettled
weather Friday, with showers In the moun
tains; fresh westerly wind.
.Wv.iila: Cloudy Friday.
Utah: Cloudy; colder Friday.
Arizona: Cloudy and unsettled weather Fri
day; showers early Friday morning In south
ern portion; cooler east.
San Francisco and vicinity: Cloudy and un
settled weather Friday; fresh westerly wind.
B| ■ la] report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 5 p. m. : Cloudy; wind west, 24 miles;
temperature, 61; maximum, 67.
ALEXANDER McADIE.
Local Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW TORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 14.— There was profes
sional buying of stocks to-day, which gave the
mnrket a firm tone all day. The extreme ad
vance from the low level at the opening was
a. point or over In most of the leading stocks,
but the net gains are less than a point, except
in a few cases. The professional buying was
more or less influenced by the ostentatious es
pousal of the bull side by a large and daring
operator in published utterances and by dis
tribution of buying orders. The following thus
invited was sufficient to effect an advance in
prices of a very narrow market. In spite of
the depressed sentiment reported from the for
eign exchanges. This depression was reflected
at the opening here, but was soon overcome
! by the bull movement. The bears seemed to
i be very active on London exchange, especially
in Spanish 4's, and the fact that they were
forced to cover helped bulls in New York In
later dealers. The bull movement Is based on
the argument that a protracted delay In the
Senate over the intervention resolution is likely
and if the Senate resolution is adopted there
will be a further delay In conference. The
President is credited with having expressed his
preference for the House resolution, and the
bulls profess to believe that if the Senate reso
lution was sent to him it would fail of his
approval. AH of these possible complications
are accepted as furthering the chances of de
lay, and delay to the minds of the bulls means
additional chance for a peaceful settlement A I
large part of the day's activity was centered
In Sugar, the Grangers and Onion Pacific pre
ferred. Prices fell from the highest In the last
hour on the report that the Spanish Minister
was preparing- to leave 'Washington. Rates
for call money eased off 2 per cent this after
noon and only $650,000 of gold waa engaged for
Import.
Business In the bond market was confined
to a few speculative Issues and prices show i
net declines. There waa a sale of a block of
Jlin.noo I'nion Pacific 4's at 90, the low point
Total sales, $1,276,000.
I'nlted States seconds and the old coupons
declined 1. the old 4's registered and the new
4's H and the 6's Vi per cent each In the bid
price.
Total sales of Btocks, 2.15.100 shares, inelud-
Uik: Burlington. 23.111; L. and N.. 843.".; Man
hattan. 6935; Metropolitan. 75O0; New York Cen
tral. 4081; Northern Pacific preferre.l, BS7B-
Rock Island, 6«M; fit. Paul. 28,755; Union Pa
cific, 24;S4ii: American Tobacco, 60,467; People's
Gas. 3350; Sugar,. £7,735.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchlson 11 Bt P& Om .68
Do pref ......... 25 Do pref ....140 I
Baltimore & Ohio 16 Ct PM & M...... 130
Canada Pacific ... 79% So Pacific ..:..... 12
Canada Southern. 46% So Railway ...... 7% '
Cent Pacific .....11% Do pref ........ 25% !
Ches & 0hi0...... 18% Texas & Pacific. 9% i
Chi & A1t0n...... 154 Union Pacific .... 61%
Chi B& Q 91% UP D & G....... 656 5
Chi & E 111....... 61 Wabash 6
CCC &St L.... 27% Do pref ........ loV*
Do pref 78% Wheel & L E.... 1%
Del & Hudson... 106% Do pref 8%
Del L & W. 145 Express Companies —
Den & RG. ...... HY Adams Ex ....... 100
Do pref ......... 42V4 American Ex .... 120'
Erie (new) ........ 11% United States .... 3S
Do Ist pref .... 32 Wells Fargo 115
Ft Wayne 168 Miscellaneous—
Gt Nor pref ...... 147 A Cot Oil ........ 16%
Hocking Valley .. 514 Do pref 67%
Illinois Central .. 95% Amn Spirits ..... 8%
Lake Erie & W... ' 13% Do pref 20
Do pref 70 Am Tobacco ..... 116&
Lake Shore ......ISO Do pref 117
Louis & Nash 48% People's Gas .....90%
Manhattan L..... 95% Cons Gas .'.176%
Met St. Ry ........ 138 Com Cable C 0 .... 150
Mich Cent 103 Col F & Iron 16
Minn &St L 244 Do pref 90
Do Ist pref .... 80 Gen Electric .... 31% j
Mo Pacific ....... 25% Illinois Steel 45%
Mobile ft 0hi0.... 26 Laolede Gas 33
Mo X & T.. lOVi Load 30
Do pref 31% Do pref 102
Chi Ind & L 6% Nat Lin Oil 14
Do pref .... 23 Or Imp Co ....... 27%
N J Central 92 Pacific Mall ..... 23% !
N V Central .... 109% Pullman Pal 172
N V Chi & S L.. 12 Silver Cert ....... 66 j
Do Ist pref .... 60 Stand R & T 3% :
Do 2d pref..... 29 Sugar ..: 116% j
Nor West 12% Do pref 108 i
No Amer C 0...... 5% T C & Iron 1974
No Pacific ....... 22% U S Leather 5%
Do pref 60% Do pref 66*4
Ontario & W 14V* U S Rubber ..... 16
Or R & Nay...... 43% Do pref .... 64
Or Shore Line... 28 West Union ..... 83%
Plttsburg .168 C & N W.... 117%
Reading 16% Do pref ........ 172%
Do Ist pref .... 35% St L & S W 4
Rock Island ..... 85 Do pref ' 8%
St L& S F....... 6% RG W ..23
Do Ist pref .... 66 Do pref 64 •■;
Do 2d pref .... 25% Vhi G W 10%
St Paul .88 Haw Com C 0.... 23
Do pref 141%
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 120 N Carolina 63 120
Do coup 120 Do 4s 102
US 4s 108 No Pac lsts 114
Do coup 109% Do 3s 69
Do 2ds 94 Do 4s 92
U S 5s reg HHi N V C & S L 45.. 101
Do 6s coup llHi Nor & W 6s 118
District 3.65s 114 Northwstrn cons. 141%
Ala class A 108% Do deb Ss 116
Do B 105 O Nay lsts 115
Do C 95 O Nay 4s 92%
Do Currency ... 95 OS Line 6s tr.... 120
Atchlson 4s ....... 86% O S Line 5s tr.... 97%
Do adj 4s 57% O Imp lsts tr.... 106
Can So 2ds 106 Do os tr 52%
Chi Term 4s 82 Pacific 6s of 95... 103
C & Ohio 5s 113*4 Reading 4s 80
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W 15t5....... 80%
D& R G lsts.... 108 SL & I.M C 55.. 8S
D & RG 4s 89 SL& SF G Cs.. 115
East Term lets.. 104% St P Con 140
Erie Gen 4s 69 St PC & P lsts.. 117
F W & D lsts tr. 67 Do 5s 115 -
Gen Elec 5s 100 So Ry 5s SS%
GII& S A 65.... 105 Stand R& T 65.. 54
Do 2ds 103 Term new set 3s. 85
H & T C- 5s 112 T&P L G lsts.. 99
Do con 6s ... 103 Do Rg 2ds 30U
lowa C lsts 99 U P D & G lsts.. 63
La new cons 45.. 95 Wab Ist 5s 100%
! L & N Unl 45.... V. Do 2ds 76%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 107
M K& T 2d5..... 59 Va Centuries .... 67
Do 4s 86% Do deferred ... 3
N V Central l3ts. 114% U P pref 61%
NJC 5s 111% Do 4s ........... 90
MIXING STOCKS.
Chollar 25 Ontario 2 50
Crown Point .... 10 Ophlr 55
Con Cal & Va 70 Plymouth 12
Deadwood „ 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... 15 Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 70 Sierra Nevada ... bo
Homestake 37 50 | Standard 1 60
Iron Silver 37 Union Con 20
Mexican 22 Yellow Jacket ... 15
BOSTON.
BOSTON, April 14.— Atchlson. 11; Bell Tele
phone, 247; Burlington, 91%; Mexican Central,
4%. _____ "
LONDON MARKET.
NEW YORK. April 14.— The Evening Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets here opened flat to-day on war news
j from the United States. Spanish 4s at one time
; fell to 42 1 4. New York was said to have open
ed large engagements for the "putting" of
: stork of which a large profit has already been
■ shown. I cannot definitely conllrm this, but
j believe It to be true.
| Americans were heaw at the opening, out
I New York absorbed stocks freely through the
! arbitrage dealers and sent orders direct as>
well, consequently prices closed above the
I worst. After hours in the street there was a
| short recover}' In Spanish 4s to 44Vi. Americans
i were also better. Even If war ultimately m
I suits, many here believe that the date of
declaration is some way off. All foreign Btoo'is
i were flat on heavy selling from Paris. The
; Hank of England has raised the buying pries
: of French coin to 76s 6d and a small amount
I was bought to-day.
CLOSING.
Canadian Pacific. 82; Grand Trunk, 7%. Bar
silver, dull, 25 15-16 d per ounce. Money, 2^@3
| per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK, April 14.— FLOUR— Receipts,
19.029 barrels; exports, 15,945 barrels. Firm
early, but eased off near the close with wheat.
Winter straits, U 55@4 70; Minnesota patents,
H &06 60.
"WHEAT— Receipts, 169,250 bushels; exports,
162.949 bushels. Spot firm; No. 2 red, $1 10
f. o. b. afloat spot ';'■.'-
Options opened strong and active on bullish
news and war talk. The advance was met by
heavy realizing most of the day demoralizing
prices on distant options. Just at the close
there was a quiet rally on reported recall of
the Minister of Spain. Prices were %ifjl'/ie
higher on near and He lower on far options
; Ma". $1 OHM 1 08, closed $1 07.
HOPS— Quiet.
"WOOL—
PETROLEUM— DuII.
METALS— Iron, tin and lead exhibited an
easier undertone to-day n* a result of more
liberal offerings and general lack of support.
i Lake Copper was firmer with sellers scarce
I At the close the Metal Exchange called:
PIG I Warrants, very quiet, with $6 60
' bid and *6 SO asked. *
LAKE COPPER— Firm, with $12 bid and
$12 12VJ asked.
TIN— Easy, with $14 27V5 bid, and »14 30&
i asked.
j SPELTER— Firmer, with $4 25 bid and $4 35
: asked.
! LEAD— with $3 67% bid and $3 6214
i asked. Lead is still quoted at $3 50 by the firm
I naming the settling price for Western miners
: and smelters.
i COFFEE— Options closed barely steady near
months 15@20c net higher; other months un
■ changed to 5 points net lower; sales 23 500
: ba~° including: April. $6 1006 15; May, $5 mi
, 6; September, $5 80«5 85; October, $5 90- Decent
, ber, |5 Cs(fj"s9o; March, $6. Spot Coffee-Rio firm;
j No. 7 cSv a, 6-V; No. 7 Jobbing 7y«c. Mild,'
! firm; Cordova, B^*s lsc.
I BUG AR— Raw, steady: fair refining 3<v;c- cen
trifugal 96 test, 4 'Ac. Refined, steady '
BUTTER— Receipts, 14,000 packages; steady
unchanged. *•
EGGS— Receipts, 14,035 packages; steady un
changed. k - . ■ * '
DRIED FRUIT.
NEW YORK, April 14.-CaJlfornla Dried
Fruit steady. v
EVAPORATED APPLES-Common, 6@7H.c
prime wire tray, 8c; wood-dried, prime SVic :
choice, B>4c; fancy, 9®9V4c *""«. * Cl
PRUNES— "
10c VPRICOTS ~ Royal> 6*@7c; Moor Park, B%@
PEACHES-Unpeeled,Ji@Bcj peeled, 11@14 C .
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKET.
CHICAGO. April 14. -The Wheat market was
in many respects a peculiar one. Although a
tremendous business was done, most of the
activity was crowded into the half hour imme
diately following the opening and preceding the
close. But in these - brief periods enormous
lines of Wheat .changed hands. The opening
was very strong all around, May again beinc
especially prominent. The continued gravity of
the news from Washington was at all times
a factor. But traders were for the most part
Influenced by the sharp advance which took
place at Liverpool, futures in , that market
showing lVi@2d advances early, and Increasing
them later in the day. . This was apparently
due to apprehension I of hostilities between the
United States and Spain. Another result of
this apprehension, and one which had a great
effect on trading ; here, was the acceptance hv
foreigners 'of everything offered them The
heavy sales of Wheat \ for export yesterday hv
Leiter were • outdone to-day, 1 that trader it at
Ing that he had disposed of 1,100, 000 bushel*
over night at the advance ruling yesterday
The effect on opening prices here was marked
May, which closed yesterday at $1 08U - startpri
to-day at from *1 10 to $1 lO'£, and the rush of
buying orders carried the price almost •■ imme
diately to $1 11. i At > these figures Leiter sun
plied everybody .! who < wanted : Wheat, ' and . th«
result was a reaction to $1 10 and later to $1 09
but no indication of weakness was shown The
bulk of the trading, however, was done in July
and great nervousness was shown among trad
era In that ■" delivery. > Opening prices ranged
from 89c>to 89% c, ran advance of, lVi (fl%c over
yesterday, ; the Influences : governing - May beintr
the factors in ; July also. .-, For half :an hour
trading was extremely heavy, shorts, frightened
at the recent rapid ; advance and the character
of the news, taking everything ; in sight. But
long ' Wheat, which •* has : ' been - accumulating
came on • the -; market in -. immense ; quantities'
holders 'being satisfied with their profits, and
under this liquidation ■: the 'price was .ham
mered -down .to. SBV4c.' •: It ■< worked" back again
under * a gradually • decreasing 5 trade Ito .SHVI fd
89% c, ] but there was evidently plenty of Wheat
on tap at around ; 89c, ' and • the price i soon got
under that '■ fltrure. For :I about ' two ; hours S the
price -swung, back . and j forth, > now i above • 89c
then below. It, w but" the; tendency in the main
toward , a lower level, ; as the ■ short interest be
' came eliminated. Short selling In expectation
i of a good reaction finally started, and half -an
I hour from the close the selling movement had
I become . general, • many :of ■: the early - buyers
i offering their lines. The result was a decidedly
■ i weak market for a short space of time, not
: only the early advance, but a little beside.. ■■ It
I looked as if ■ the market would wind up I with
the advantage with the bears, but shortly be
fore the close Leiter brokers started ' to : bull
the May : price. They were eminently uuc-
I cessful and a new high mark, $1 11%, was
! established. This strength In May was quickly
j reflected In July. Liquidation ■ stopped and
i shorts covered extensively again. July, which
had declined to 87Hc rallied ; to and closed
steady at S7%c. May wound up at $1 11%.
Corn was active and firm In sympathy with
Wheat. May closed H(gl4c higher.
Oats followed Wheat and Corn. Business as !
a whole was quite large. May closed un
chanced.- • - , ■ \
Provisions was the only really weak market
on the floor. Prices were lower from the start,
and the market at no ■ time showed any
strength. There was scarcely • any - demand,
and the opinion was expressed that packers
were unwilling; to permit a -bull market now
■with the summer run of Hogs just ahead. May
pork closed 15c lower, May lard 5c lower and
May ribs 5c lower. , .
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— ' : Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat, No. 2—2 — - . .
May.. 110% 111% 109 1 11%
July •• 89% ■ 89% 87% 87%
I September , SOVi 80% * 78% 79
December 80% , 80% 78% .. 79«4
Corn, No. 2—
May... '..- 30% 30% 30% 30%
July 32 . 32 • 31% 31%
September ;. . 33 33 32% 32%
Oats, No. 2—
May 26% 26% 28 26%
j July 23% 23% 23 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl—
! May 985 990 9 77% 9 77%
j July 10 10 10 10 9 87% 990
: Lard, per ! 100 lbs—
j May .6 17% 5 17% 5 12% 5 12%
1 i July ....5 25 525 5 17% 520
I Short Ribs, per 100 rt>s—
May 515 6 17% 510 5 12%
July 525 525 5 17% 520
Cash quotations were as follows: Flour,
firm: prices up 15(£?20c; No. 3 spring Wheat, 95c
<j?sl 02: No. 2 red. $1 10® 1 10%; So. 2 Corn. 30%
<g3lc; No. 2 yellow, 30%i531c; No. 2 Oats, 2C'i@
27c; No. 2 white, f. o. b., 29%0; No. 3 white,
f. o. b., 2M/30> 4 c; No. 2 Rye, 62%n; No. 2 Bar
ley, f. o. b., 33(?i43p; No. 1 Flaxseed. $1 23;
Prime Timothy Seed, %2 SO; Mess Pork, per
barrel, $9 7809 80; Lard, per 100 pounds, $:» 12%:
Short Rib Sides, loose, $5 0805 3, r ,; Dry Salted
Shoulders, boxed, *%&*%c; Short Clear Sides,
boxed, $5 r.Mi. r . 6i>: Whisky, distillers" finished
goods, per gallon, Jl 20; Sugars, unchanged.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments.
Flour, barrels 0.000 13.0W)
Wheat, bushels 25,000 135,000
Corn, bushels 241,000 867.000
Oats, bushels 177.000 146,000
Rye, bushels 6,000 6r>,nflo6 r >,nflo
Barley, bushels 32,000 45,000
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; creameries, 15@19c; dai^s,
ll<f?l3c. Cheese, quiet; S@Siic. Eggs, firm;
fresh, 9c. __
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 97,660 20.250
Duluth 31,579 2,740
Milwaukee .5,200 650
Chicago 24,825 135.116
Toledo 13,483 4,400
St. Louis 8.000 2 00"0
Detroit 2,161
Kansas City 13.000 21,500
Totals 20:1,908 . 186,683
Tidewater-
Boston 31,343 113,349
New York 212,949 169 275
Philadelphia r>,361 2,767
Baltimore 15,916 95,651
New Orleans '
Galveston 17,050 88,000
Totals 252,619 . 469,042
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— April. May
Opening 63 95 62 95
Closing 64 55 63 85
Flour—' ■
Opening 29 75 29 00
Closing .30 00 29 40
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. ' Dec.
Opening 794 7 7*4 69% 6 9
Closing 7 10% 78% 6 10% 6 9»£
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, April 14.— CATTLE— steers
sold at $4@4 25 for common, up to $4 75@5 for
good choice, with scattering sales of prime
shipping cattle at $5 05@5 25; sales largely $4 40
<(/4 &0. Fed Westerns, $4 1604 20; stackers and
feeders, $41f5; bulls, J2 75@4; canning cows, $2 50
©3. . ■ .
HOGS— Were active and higher. Hogs sol.l
at an extreme range of $3 75@l 0214, largely at
$3 77V"4. and the bulk of the pig sales occur
red at $3 40@3 £0, the heavier I pigs fetching
$3 65@3 75.
SI 1 - Trade In sheep and lambs was
steady, ranging at $4g>4 65 for shorn sheep;
wooled sheep, $4 40@4 75. Lambs sold at $4 15
OS for shorn, few going below $4 50. while
wooled lambs brought $5 10^5 (56. - -• -..-'—••■•.>: ,
Receipts— Cattle, 7000; Hogs.. 25,000; Sheep,
13,000:
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY, April 14.-CATTLE—Re
ceipts, 4500. Market unchanged and slow.
HOGS Receipts, 11,900. Market rule<l 5c
higher from the start. Bulk sold at $3 1003 BO;
heavy hogs and packers selling at $3 7"
mixed lots, $3 6<X&3 SO; lights, $3 50® 3 70; pigs,
?:; Ss€ 3 .10.
SHEEP— Receipts, 4700. Market active and
Steady; Western muttons, $4 ;.o(g4 80; Colorado
lambs, $4 W®s 50; spring lambs, $7 50.
OMAHA.
OMAHA. April 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 1400.
Market steady, native beef steers, $4ig>s; West
ern steers, $3 75@4 70; Texas steers, $3 25tfj4 25;
I cows and heifers, $3 50@4 50; stockers and feed
ers. $3 8006 10; bulls, stags, etc., $2 .Wi3 15.
H< » ;s— Receipts, sSoii. Market strong to 6c
higher. Heavy, $3 674?3 7a; mixed, $3 67(ti3 70;
light. $3 6f><fr3 70: bulk of sales. $3 67^@3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts. 7700. Market strong; fair
to choice natives. $3 SO^ 85; fair to choice
Westerns, $3 70<fi4 30; common and stock sheep,
$3@4; lambs, $4 50#5 70.
DENVER.
DENVER, April 14.— CATTLE— Receipts, 400.
Market quiet; beef steers, $3 40@4 40; cows,
$2 BOOS 80; feeders, freight paid to river, $4@
4 40; stockers, do, $4@4 70; bulls and stags,
$2 25@3.
Hi >i;S— Receipts. 100. Market steady. Be
higher; light packers, $3 65@3 75; mixed, $3 60®
5 c,; heavy, $3 6<>fi3 70.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON, April 14.— Consols, 110 7-16; Silver,
25 lfi-16d; French rentes. 102f f)7V4c@lo2f 47^c.
LIVERPOOL, April 14.— Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 39s 3d; cargoes off coast,
nothing doing. r>f;lld higher; cargoes on pass
age, less offering, SQlld higher; English coun
try markets, firm; French country markets,
firm; Utwrpool Wheat, No. 1, California, 8s
: ,d©B Id; Wheat In Parts, firm; Flour in Paris,
firm.
COTTON— Uplands, 3 7-16 d.
CLOSING.
CORN— April steady, 3s B^d; May steady,
3s sVfcd; July steady. 3s 5%d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter firm, 10s.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, Or., April 14.— Wheat— Walla
Walla, 82@S3c; valley and blue Btem, 85@86c
per bushel. WASHINQTON
TACOMA, Wash., April 14.— Wheat in active
demand and higher; No. 1 club, 84c; No. 1 blue
stem, 87c.
CASH IN THE TREASURY.
WASHINGTON, April 14.— T0-day's state
ment of the condition of the Treasury shows:
Available cash balance, $225,875,294; gold re
serve, $179,564,086.
COTTON MARKET.
NEW TORK. April 14.-COTTON-Steady;
middling, 6 3-16 c.
NEW ORLEANS, April 14. — COTTON—
Steady; middling. Bite,
PORTLAND'S BUSINESS.
PORTLAND, Or., April 14.— Exchanges, $257,
035; balances, $58,038.
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE '\'D BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight .........._ $4 81%
Sterling Exchanr CO days _ 4 84>,4
Sterling Cables .......:.......— 485
New York Exchange, sight — .... — , 15:
New York Exchange, telegraphic. — • 1714
Fine Silver, per ounce — 66
Mexican Dollars 46 46&
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— The Invercoe takes for Cork ■ 53,
037 ctls, valued at $79,500..
Lower prices rule on call. ; The rise has been
so sharp that It has driven the shippers out of
the market and cut down the demand In other
ways. Besides, there are Indications : of rain,
which, however, may not be realized. :' ■•-■< ■
Tidewater quotations are as follows: $1 57%@
1 60 for No. -. 1, ; $1 62^i for choice and $1 65®
1 "0 : per ctl . for extra : choice for milling.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session — 9:15 'o'clock — December—
16,000 ctls, $1 67"y 4000, fl 57%; ejOO. $1 67V
8000, : fl 57% : 2000, $1 57%; : . / . .'».'
• Second •' Decem'-*"-— 40,000 ctls, '$1 66V
6000, $156%. .:■■ ,:-'■.,:; ■^■- ;^:. ■/ ;-. :.„;:, *"';
• Regular morning session— 4000 ctls
$1 56%: 24.000, $1 56%: 10.000, $1 6«Vl : 4000, $1 55%'
4V : !l 56 V. 24.000, fl 56: 4000.- fl 55%. ... ".'*:,
Afternoon session — Decembr — 10,000 , ctls '
$1 66'/.; 4000, $1 56%; 24,000, « 56%; 2000, $1 56 V
2000, *1 s<%i ■ 0000, •*1 56*; ■ 16.000. *1 tt%. : May—
2000, $1 68%; 4000. *1 59: 2000. $1 591-4; 2000, $1 59>i;
4000, $1 59»x; 10.000, *1 691*. ;•....- - : - -,*,.■ -Z',
< y l RLEY— The ■- market Is - weaker . and < dull
owing ; to . the ■.■ fact 3 that buyers . have . heavily
overbought, : and , the , demand ., has . been checked
by the advance.. Slight Indications of rain add
to the : weakness. ."'• '"•'.'_ ' .■':'.•:,:
, Feed, fl 40 asked.' Brewing, nomllnal. • '
• '- r CALL BOARD SALES.
' Informal session — 9:15 o'clock — December—
60W> ctls, ;»l 3C'.4 ; ; 4000, fl 36; -, 2000, Ifl 35%. ■ ■ ' • '
Second session— May— 2ooo ctls, $1 59%. De
[ cember— «noo, $1 35; SOOO, *1 34%; 2000, $1 36Vfc;
►8000. $1 35H; 2000, $1 35%.
Regular morning session— December — 10,000
I ctls, $1 34%.
Afternoon session—4ooo ctls. $1 37; 4000, $1 37%;
! 4000, $1 37%; 8000, ** 87^; 4000, $1 37%. May—
i 4000, $1 40.
OATS— Were quieter. In sympathy with other
cereals.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; -good to
'■ choice, $1 3VMH 42H: common, $1 30@l 35; Sur
prise, $1 37»i«ii 45; gray, $1 30@l 35; milling,
! $1 Ss®l 42% per ctl.
! CORN— There is no change to report, one
; way or the other. The demand was nothing
i extra.
' Small round yellow, $1 15®1 20 per ctl; large
I yellow, $1 iV6&I 15; white, $1 15@1 lift.
I RTE— ?I 40 per ctl.
! BUCKWHEAT— SI 90@2 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
Previous prices rule for all descriptions.
FLOUR— Family Extras, $5 25Q5 35; Bakers'
Extras, $6@5 10 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour, $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour, $6; Cornmeal, $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal, $3 25; Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $4 2J;
Hominy, $3 25<i?3 50: Buckwheat Flour, $4<g4 25;
Cracked Wheat. J3 75; Farina, $4 75; Whole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
@6 20, In sacks, $5 Go<rv6: Pearl Barley, $4 75;
Split Peas, $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
Another advance In Hay is noted. The sharp
rise in this article, coupled with the fear that
the State will not raise enough this year to
carry it through, has led dealers to look about
on all sides for su nlies. The result 1b that
Alfalfa is on its way from Utah, and can be
landed here at $15 per ton. From Oregon Tim
othy is coming at $16. and it is reported that
a common kind of Hay can be landed here
from Ariaon at $12. The local trade do nut
yet know what effect these shipments from
abroad will have on the market, as it is not
known how much hay these three new sources
of supply have for sale. This outside Hay
will be on the market shortly, and then some
idea of how it will figure may be obtained.
There is no further change in Feedstuffs.
BRAN— S2I-fl2l 60 per ton.
MIDDI.IXOS-$23'a25 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS-Rolled Barley, $30@31 per
ton; Oilcake Meal at the mill, $31@31 50; job
bing, $32*132 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24<g'25: Cot
tonseed Meal, $2S<T/30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24;
Cracked Corn, $24(g20.
H \ Y— (Ex-car in round lots)— Wheat. $21®
25 50: Wheat and Oat. $20f24 50; Oat. $18<ff21 50;
Barley, «8«?21 50; compressed Wheat, $21T(25;
compressed Oat, $181121; Alfalfa, $14<g16; Clover,
nominal.
■ STRAW— 6O@7Oc per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
There Is no further change to report In any
description.
BEANS— Bayos, $2 80@2 95; Small Whites,
$1 SOffl 60; Large Whites, $1 50@l 60; Pinks,
$2 :Mi2 86; Rf»ds, $2 50; Blackeye, $2 75® 2 85;
Butters, $1 40®l 60; Llmas, $2 35@2 40; Pea,
$1 60®l f.O; Red Kidneys, $2C2 35 per ctl.
SEEDS— Brown Mustard, $2fT3 per ctl; Yellow
Mustard, $3<i;3 15: Flax, $2 35; Canary Seed,
3%@2%c per lb: Alfalfa. SOSc; Rape, 2Vi®2%c;
Hemp, 2»i(S'3c; Timothy, bfi'^c.
DRIED PEAS— Miles, $1 60@l 85; Green, $1 75
©2 per ctl. •
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Arrivals of the summer sorts continue heavy
and Rhubarb gluts the market.
I Potatoes and Onions are about the same as
; for several days.
POTATOES— EarIy Rose, 30<iJ35c; River Reds,
| 60<JT60c; River Burbanks, 50(jf60c per sack; Ore
j gon Burbanks, 55(gS5c; Pe'taluma Burbanks, 60
i <g~oc per sack; Sweet Potatoes, 75c©?l 10 for
Merced; new Potatoes, l<J?2c per lb.
ONlONS— Choice, $2 50(fi2 S5: common, $175®
2 25 per ctl; cut Onions, SOcffil 25 per sack.
VEGETABLES— Receipt* were '.»;2 boxes As
paragus, 69fi boxes Rhubarb and 833 sacks Peas.
1 Asparagus. $1 75<&2 for extra large. 112601 60
; per box for No. 1, 50C351 for No. 2; Rhubarb, 25
per box for small to good and 75086 c for
extra choice; Alameila Green Peas, Jsc@fl 25
i per sack: Dried Peppers, 6(g7c per lb; Pried
I Okra, 12'^.c; Cabbage, 65@7"ic' per ctl; Carrots,
! 25@60c per sack; Garlic, S®loc per lb; Cucum
bers. 25C'<$1 per dozen; Mexican Tomatoes, 75c
011 SO; I. os Antroli^s Groen Peppers 25c per lb
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes, sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 23
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16SJlSc; granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c; Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
! Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
j 25c; String Beans, 30c; Tomatoes, SOc.
POULTRY AND GAME.
Another car of Eastern was put on late yes
terday. The market shows no particular
change.
POULTRY— Live Turkeys, 12^13c for Gob
blers, and 12rffl3o for Hens; Geese, per pair
$1 25@1 50; Goslings. $2-52 50; Ducks, $4ffs for
old and %6<3S for young; Hens, f405; Roosters,
young, $7 .r.o®B. r .o®B 50: Roosters, old, $3 7.Vq(4; Fry
ers, $fi EOS 7; Broilers, jr.iJfS 50 for large, $2 50©
3 f.O for small; Pigeons, $1 75@2 per dozen for
young and $1 te&l 50 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER, CHEESE AND SGGS.
' Values for all descriptions remain about the
same. The market is sufficiently stocked with
all kinds.
BUTTER—
Creamery— Fancy creameries, lS^@l9c; sec
onds, 16V4@17%c. .
Dairy — Choice to fancy, 17@lS^4c; second
grades, 14@16c per I* 1 - ■ •
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16@16V-c;
ladle-packed, 15#16c per lb.
CHEESE— Choice mild new, 9@loc; common
to good, 71/7 1 /» l (iSHc: cream Cheddar, 10@llc;
Young America, 10(f?)llc; Western, ll@12c; East
ern I2^@l3Hc per lb. i
, EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 13@14%c per dozen; store
Eggs, 12@13^c; Eastern, 12M>@13%c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Fine , Oranges are going oft well at firm
prices. 1 There is no change in Lemons and
Limes. 1 Receipts of Strawberries show no in
crease "worthy of note.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS—
Strawberries, M07&O per drawer for large and
$1 for small berries.
Apples, 40'550c per box for common, 75c@$l
for good to choice and $1 KOI 50 for fancy.
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 25@2 50;
Beedlings, fiocftsl; Lemons, GOcOfl for common
and $1 K62 for good to choice; Mexican Limes,
$4W4 60; California Limes, in small boxes, 40®
EOOi Bananas, $1 25(52 per bunch; Pineapples,
$.;<<! per dozen.
DRIED FRUITS. NUTS, RAISINS. ETC.
Trade Is now; pretty good and slowly in
creasing. During the past two or three weeks
| from 20 to 25 cars of Peaches have been sold
for the East at ; low figures, and will operate
' against an active movement In the high-priced
goods now there until they get cleaned up. The
demand ' for Prunes and i Apricots is reported
good, the small-sized Prunes being preferred.
Honey continues brisk and firm.
DRIED FRUlTS— Prunes, carload lots, Z%&
4»4c for 40-50' s, 3%@3%c for 60-60' s, ;2%@3Vic for
00-70' s, 2V«rg2%c for 70-80 s, .19i@2i4c for 80-90' s,
lU@l%c for 90-100' Peaches, 3rgsc; fancy, 5%
<g6c; peeled, 10@12V£c; Apricots. sfi?6V&c for Roy
als and 7@Sc for good to fancy Moorparks;
Evaporated Apples, .■• 6^@7c; sun-dried, 4ii;.')c;
Black Figs, in sacks, 2@2%c; Plums, 4%tf"4%e
for pitted and l@l%c for unpltted; bleached
Plums, s@s*4c; Nectarines, 4igsc for ! prime to
fancy; Pears, 2V*fS44c for quarters and 3@5%c
for halves, according to color, etc. - •-.
RAISINS— l ] /4<S2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown, SV4c for four-crown, 4%c > for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and . ?l@
110 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2V4c. ■•-.
** NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at •Sc per lb;
Walnuts, 3@4c for hardshell and 4@6c for soft
shell: Almonds, 3@4c. for hardshell, - 6@7c for
softshell. , BV4@9c for paper-shell; Peanuts,
4@'5 J for Eastern and 4Vic for California; Pe
cans, 6%@Sc; Filberts, BV4@loc: Brazil Nuts,
B@9c per lb; Cocoanuts, $4 50@5 per 100. 1
HONEY— 9@loc ; for bright and 6@7c
for lower grades; water-white extracted, s%@6c; i
light amber extracted, i%OSMfi per lb.
BEESWAX— 24ig26c per lb.
PROVISIONS.
• Business la still slow at unchanged quota
tions. ■
< CURED HEATS— Bacon, 9Vic per tb for
heavy, 9\c for : light ■ medium, 10% c' for light, :
lie . for extra ; light ! and 12V4c for sugar-cured;
Eastern ; sugar-cured Hams, 10V4@llc; , Califor
nia ■ Hams, ) 10c; Mess f Beef, as 9 per bbl; | extra
Mess Beef, $10; Family Beef, $11@12; Salt Pork,
$9; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear,slß; mess,
| $16; Smoked Beef, ll@l2c per 10. ' •
! LARD — Eastern tierces quoted at 5%c per fb
I for . compound • and 7c ■ for pure; pails, 7%c:
! California \ tierces, s">tc per lb for compound
j and 6%c for pure; half barrels, 6%c; 10- tins,
7V4c; 6-tb tins, Be.
;■ OOTTOLENE— Tierces, 6?&@6%c; packages,
lew than 300 lbs— l-lb pails, 60 in a case, B%c;
| 3-lb pails, 20 in a case, 'B%c; 5-lt> pails, 12 in a
j case, ; BVic; : 10-Tb pails, 6 in, a case, BHc;-60-n>
i tins, 1 or 2 in a case. 7%c; wooden buckets, 20
| tbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, : 80 Ids net, 7%c; half
j ■ bbls, .about 110 tbs,-7%c per lb.'-:
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
HIDES AND SKINS— CuIIs and brands sell
about lc under the qubtatlons. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, 9c; light, 9c; Cowhides,
9c; Stags, 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf, 10c; dry
Hides. 16@16V4c; culls and brands, IMIMe;
dry Kip and Veal, 16f$l6V4c; dry Calf, lS&20c;
culls, leeiTc: Goatskins, 30®37Vic each; Kids,
sifiloc; Deerskins, good summer, 2"jifj3oc per It);
medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins, shear
lings, 20@30c each; short wool, 40<g70c each;
medium. 70<g.90c; long wools. 90c^$l 30 each.
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3-53'ic per rt>; No.
2, 2tfi2i»e; refined, sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— Fall clip— San Joaquin, defective, 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern,
12@13c; Northern, defective, 9@llc per !t>.
HOPS— IS9G crop, 2f<Tfic for poor to fair and
B@loc for good; 1897 crop, 11014 c per It).
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
Hogs continue weak and stock' Hogs are sim
ply unsalable. Thre Is little change In the
other descriptions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows:
BEEF— First quality, 6K@7c; second quality,
5%@6c; third quality, 4Qoc per ID. '
Y, E^£r" L ' arßre! 6@6Hc; small, 7@7Ho per Ib. .
 MUTTON— Wethers, S%@9c; Ewes, B@B%c
per Id.
LAMB— Spring, 9@loc ' per It).
PORK— Live Hogs. 3%@3%c for large and 4c
for medium; stock Hogs. 2@2%c; dressed Hogs,
aVi@6ViC. ; , . : .'. . .j
 GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal; Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington. $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, S; Seattle, $6; Bryant, $6; Coos Bay, $5 50;
Wallsend, $7 50; Scotch. $10; Cumberland, $1025
in bulk and $11 50 In sacks; Pennsylvania
Anthracite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10 per ton; Rock
Springs, Castle Gate and Pleasant Valley, $9;
Coke, $12 per ton in buk and $14 in sacks.
LINSEED OIL— Is lower at 49c for raw and
51c for boiled In barrels; cases, 5c more.
.SUGAR— The Western Sunar Refinery Com
pany Quotes terms net cash: Cube Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 6%c; Powdered, <5%c; Dry
Granulated, 5"!4c: Confectioners' A, 5 : J»c; Mag
nolia A, 5%c; Extra C, s^c; Golden C. 5»»e;
Candy Granulated, 5%c; California A, sV£c per
lb; half barrels %c more than barrels, and
boxes Vsc more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Thursday, April 14.
Flour, qr sks ... 1,554 I Bran, cks IT",
Wheat, ctls 2,o4olShorts, ska -75
Barley, ctls 4,40. r , Wool, bales 442
Oats, ctls 1,300 Pelts, bdla- 3,117
Corn, ctls * 625 Hides, no 452
Cheese, ctls ISS Eggs, dor 11,850
Butter, ctls 23S Leather, rolls ... 64
Tallow, ctla 120 Wine, gals 55,350
Beans, sks 60 Ralsln3, bxs .... 1,100
Middlings, sks .. 201 Lime, bbls 363
Potatoes, skß ... 1.651 Paper, reams .... 208
Onions, sks 24
OREGON.
Wheat, ctls 1.420 1 Oats, ctls 1,300
Barley, ctls 350! Shorts, sks 325
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 800|
THE STOCK MARKET.
Trading In mining stocks was livelier yee- ]
terday, especially on the noon session, at prices
somewhat better than those ruling at the close
of the preceding day.
The Mexican Mining Company has levied an
assessment of 15c per share, delinquent May 19. ,
The Montana Ore Purchasing Company has j
declared the regular quarterly dividend of $1
per share, payable April 15. Books close on ',
April 8.
The Homestake Mining Company will pay the
usual monthly dividend of 25c per share on the
25th inst.
At the annual meeting of the Champion Min
ing Company the following directors were
elected: Gust. Kartschoke, Joseph Fetz, Jo
seph Asslon, J. S. Schuster, H. Stelnegger, J.
S. Ott and E. Schenck. Gust. Kartschoke was
elected president, Joseph Fetz vice-president,
J. F. Holling secretary and F. ZeiUer super
intendent.
At the annual meeting of the Tallant Bank
ing Company the following directors were re
elected: Austin C. Tubbs, John D. Taliant,
Fred W. Tallant, Joseph Knowland, William
E. Mighell, John J. Brice and Henry E. Mon
roe. Austin C. Tubbs was elected president
In plu.ce of John D. Tallant, who Is traveling
abroad, Fred \V. Tallant vice-president, John
Dempster McKee cashier and Kirkham Wright
secretary.
The official letter from the Justice mine for
the past week says: "The seepage of water
having btopped work was resumed in the winze
from the face of the southeast drift. We have
been engaged part of the time this week put
ting in new hoisting machinery. While this
was being done work in the mine was sus
pended. During the past week we have hoisted
9Va tons of ore from the stope In the north
drift, 80 level. The car samples of the same
average: Gold, $44 21; silver, $9 83; total, $54 04
per ton. The face of this stope shows 4 feet
of ore.
Business on the Bond Exchange waa again
light and fluctuations were insignificant. Trad-
Ing on this exchange has fallen off consider
ably during the past few days.
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
THURSDAY, April 14—2 p. m.
Bid. Ask. I Bid. Ask.
V S Ponds— |M E Li Co — 13%
4s o.uar c0up.. 109%110%| Oakland Gas.. 40Vi 42' 3
4s quar reg...107 109 Pac Gas Imp.. S2Vi 84
4s quar new... 120 121 Pac L Co — 54
Miscellaneous — S F G & E . 83% 84%
Cal-rt Cab ss. 113 — San Fran 3ft ♦
Cal El os 125 — Stock Gas 12 —
C C Wat 55... — 103% Insurance—
Dup-st ex c. — 38% Firem's Fund. l9o —
E L & P 65.. 127% — Bank Stocks—
F&Ch Ry 6s. — 116% Anglo-Cal .... — 62
Geary-st It ss. — 100 Bank of Ca1.. 242 —
I "■ & S 514.. 100 105 Cal S D & T. — 100
LAL Co 65.. — 100 First Nat ....200 —
Do gntd 65.. — 100 Lon P & A... 130 —
Market-st 65. .126% — Mer Exchange — 15
Do Ist M Os..llOValK'*i N'ev Nat 8...150 155
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Savings Banks—
NCNg Ry 75. 102 — Ger S & L,.. — 1700
N Ry Cal 65.. — 111% Hum S & L.1050 1160
N Ry Cal 55..100 Vi — Mutual Say. — «%
NPC R R 65.103 — S F Say U.. — 600
MPC Ry 55. .101% — S & L 50.... — 100
N Cal Ry 55.. — — Security S B 250 —
Oak Oas 55.. .100 — Union T Co.looo —
Do 2d Is 63.. -^ 110 Street Railroad—
Om Ry 6s — 125% California ....107% —
P & O 6s 110 — Geary 40 —
P & Ch Rt -s. — 110 Market-s .... 51 62
Powell-st 65. ..116 — Presidio 6 —
Reno -VL&L..K'O — Powder—
SacElec Ry 55.104%10;t/k California ....120 160
SF & N P 68.104^4106^ E Dynamite... 85 95
SlerraßCal 65. 102 105 Giant Con Co. 40 42
SPof Ar 65.. — 103 V'igorit 2% 2%
S P Cal 6l — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPC Is eg 5a.. — 96% A3 Pac Assn.. 96% 97*4
S PBr 6s 110%lU Ger Ld Wks.llo —
S V Wat 65... 116 116*; Hana P C 0... — 20
S V Wat 45...101Vi101% H C & S Co.. 23% 23%
Stock Oas 65.. — 103 V* Sutch S P Co. 43* i 44
Water— Mer Ex Assn. 90 —
Contra Costa.. — 60 Nat Yin C 0... — 7
Martn Co .... 50 — Oceanic S Co. 45% 47
Spring Valley. 9914 99% Pac A F L.. 1% 2%
' Gas «te Electric— 3 ac Bor C 0... 99% —
Cent Gaslight. loo — Par Paint Co. 6% —
Morning Session.
10 Market-street Railway 5150
150 Oceanic Steamship Co 45 00
50 Spring Valley Water 99 12%
60 do do 99 00
$1000 Spring Valley 4s Bonds 10150
$1000 Spring Valley 6s Bonds 116 00
$3000 S P Branch Ry Bonds 11l 00
Afternoon Session.
60 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar, s 80.. 23 50
20 Hutchlnson S P C 0......... 43 87%
$2000 Northern Ry of Cal 5s Bonds 100 25
75 Spring Valley Water ..V.... 99 12%
INVESTMENT rOARD.
Morning Session.
60 Hawaiian C & S Co, s 10.... .•.23 50
50 Market-street Ry Co 51 62Vi
$5000 Market-street Ry 6b ..........110 00
1 '• Afternoon Session.
100 Hutchlnson S P Co.. .-. 44 00
50 Hawaiian C & S Co 23 75
60- do do 23 62%
50 do do . ....23 50
80 Oceanic Steamship C 0... ........... ...v45 12%
20 -do do 45 00
60 Market-street Ry Co 6150
10 Spring Valley Water.. 99 12%
60S F Gas & Electric .84 00
MINING STOCKS. . *
Following were . the sales In the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday: ■ .
: . ■ '. ■ . . ■ : Morning Session. ■
SOO Alta ..' 25j600Ophlr .....68
100 24 400 . 59
300 Andes ........... 12 i 250 Potosi 30
200 Belcher ......... 17 200 29
400:...... ....... ..V.WI6 100 Savage 13
500 Best & Belcher. i 8 400 14
400 Caledonia ....... 20 200 Sierra Nevada . 77
300 Chollar 30 800 ...... 76
250 28 350 .......'...;. 75
300... ...... 29 13001 300 Union Con 25
800 Con Cal & Va.. 78 100 ...... 26
60 77 500.. 24
1400 Gould & Curry. 12 1 700 Yellow Jacket... 13
600 Mexican 261100 , 12
200 Occidental ;V 2 SO |
.'. '. . ■; Afternoon Session.
200 Alpha ........... 05 100 Ophlr ............ 60
500 Alta,. 27 100 ......'. ......" 62
200 ...... .'.- 26 100 Overman ........ 06
500 Best & Belcher. 38 400 Potosi ;... 38
500 Bullion .......... 04 100.... ....39
SOO Chollar ..;......., 35 100 Savage 16
100 Con Cal & Va.. 80 500 17
200 Gould & Curry.. 16 450 ...:......:.- ...... is
25 Hale : & Norcrs. .70 400 Sierra Nevada. 83
100 Justice .......... 16 100 .................. 84
100 Mexican ........ 25 300.....;. 85
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: \
Morning Session.
SOOAlta .............. 29 400 Mexican ...... 24
300 28 400 ....... ...... • ' 2"
'400 V...... .27 950 Ophir :........;;; 5* 5
600 ...........;...... 23 400 Overman 06
700 Belcher ... .. 15 800 Potosi ...... 30
500 Best & Belcher. 37 COO Savage ....;.... 12
900...... -5 300...... .:........ 14
900 .:.:;............-. 36 600 Sierra Nevada.; 76
1200 Bullion ......... 03 1800..... '...;.... 75
600;.....- ............ 04 300 v .'. "■ 73
;200Chollar ......... 31500 ...... '"' -7
600 .................; 80 200 "71
300 '..:.. ....v. 29 300 "'74
1400 Con Cal & Va. 7S 300 ' ' -0
500 75 200 Union Con .'.'.'" 25
COO .V ...... . 73 700 ....... 24
1100 .....;............ 77 200 ..' . "-23
1100 Crown Point V. 14 200 ...... ........ "' : 22
300 ............ 5:?...: 15 SOO ....." 26
200 Gould & Curry.. 13 ,"00 Utah .... ' ' 05
WO i 12% 1 1200 Yellow Jacket.! -12
1700 ..........:...... 12 400 ...... ...... 13
300 Justice 15 ,
Afternoon Session.
500 Alta, .....'......... 26 300 Justice .......•.' 15
300 .................. 27 650 Ophir .........;!.' 59
400 Best ■& Belcher. 37 200 ...... ..;. ..;.... 60
200 ...... .:.......... 36 500 Overman '.'. 06
200. -.....-.;....■......: 35 400 Potosl - 36
300 Caledonia :..'.•..".■ 21 500 ...... ' .. 37
400 Chollar .......... 34 300 ........ 3?
300 Con Cal & Va.. :. 78 800 Savage ... '.".'". 15
200 ...... 81 JOO ...... 16
200 /...:.:.;.•..;■..... 80 600 Sierra' Nevada.. ? 81
200 Confidence ...^.. 60 300 .;:...•;;.: .... .. 82
cOO Crown' Point. ... 15 400 .....•...:.. ;.;...;;83
500 Hale & Norcrs. 7S 900 Union Con ...... •27
300 . .~. . . : . .: .;.-.. ...;" 7.1 ?00 . . ;. 26
300 Mexican .......'.;'. : 23 ! 400 ....:. ..;.': v. '28
300 ;-. .;.v..v. ;.v;....:j;' 24 '500 Utah ..v... *.;...'.:- 05
'.00................... 22 800 Yellow Jacket... 14
- ifflWWfEaT'niWftcariT- ».fl till i^-..' J
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
THURSDAY, April 14—4 p. m.
Bid. Aßk. "Hale & Norcrs. 73 -
Bid. AakJ Julia — 02
Alpha 04 O6.luFtice 15 lfr
Alta 2- r > 2« ■ Kentuok 01 02
Andes 13 It VtOy Wash .... — 03
Belcher — IS Mexican 21 23
Benton Con .... — SOjOcctdeoUtf 285 —
Best & B?!ehr. 3"i 37;Ophir 57 59
Bullion 03 04 Overman 06 07
Caledonia — SOlPotosi 34 36
!"hnllnr SO "llSavage 15 17
Con Cal & Va. 77 79,Seg Belcher ... 03 04
Challenge Con. IS 19 1 Scorpion — 05
Confidence — 65 j Sierra Nevada. 73 79
Con Imperial .. 01 02 1 Silver Hill .... — 02
Crown Poin'. .. 15 IS 'Syndicate — 05
Con New York. — O2jStandard 1.60165
Eureka — 201 Union Con 25 27
Exohequer — 05 Utah 04 05
Gould & Curry. 11 12 1 Yellow Jacket. 13 15
BUN. MOON AND TIDH.
United States Coast and Oeodetlc Survey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point. Entrance to San
Francisco Bay. Published by Official Au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mlf=slon-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point:
the height of tide is the same at both places.
APKIL-IS9B.
Friday, April 15.
Sunrises 5:. iS
Sun 6ets 6:46
Moon rises 2:25" a. in.
g! Tt - m«IFm «lFe e tiTt"i"i P( , Pt .|Tlmej F^ t |Timel 1i ,^ t
MIL Wi iH Wl !L W iH Wl
1G 2:00
171 2:52
1- 3:41)
19 4:17
20 4:57
21 6:13
2.8 !■.(•
2.1 8:00
1.5 9:01
O.il 10:0U|
0.?. It): 53
0.2 11:42
-0.1 l 12:H0
4.8 1:381
4.9 2:14
4.9 3:02
5.0 3:40
■ 6.0 4:15
4.8 4:48
4.D 5:20
II.Sj 8:20
0.6 8:56 .
1.01 »:30|
1.4 10:U2
1.7 10:83
2.1 11:02
■-'.. 11:30 1
5.2
£.4
5.4
a.6
5.:
5.7
5.6
NOTE— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides ar» given In the left
hand column and the successive tides of th«
day In the orCer of occurrence as to time. Ths
second time column gives the second tide of
thj flay, the thirc^ time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except when there are but
thre* tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (—)( — ) precedes the height
and then the number given Is subtractlve from
the depth given by the charts. The plane of
reference Is the mean of tl lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO ARRIVE.
Venus
Santa Rosa
Oregon
Aliceßlanchard
Washtenaw... .
Australia
Coos Bay .....
UmatlJla ... ..
Crescent City..
Orizaba ...
Pomona
City of Rio
Newport
State or Cai
Homer
North Font. —
Weaott..: ..... i
City Puebia. . . i
China ana Japan
San Dlcuro .......;
Portland
I Seattle
Tacoma.
Seattle
Newport....
Victoria 4 Pturet Sna. ....
Crescent City
Hum Dole] t
San Diego
China and Japan..
Panama...
Portland
Humboldt .......
dumooldt
i Humboldt..
i Victoria and Pue-ot Sound
Apr 15
Apr 1*
Apr 15
Apr 15
Apr 16
Apr 18
Apr i:
Apr IT
Apr 17
Apr
Apr 19
Apr Vt
Apr l'J
Apr 20
Apr 21
Apr 23
Apr 2.!
Apr 21
STEAMERS TO SAIL.
Steamer. I
AT!OX|
: i.nuaat
Homer
! Aztec .....
j Morgan Cy.
! Walla Wlla
Nortn Fork
I Santa. Rosa
j Oregon I
Cltyof Para
Coos Bar..
1 Alamcda..
i Weeott
;' Orizaba.. ..
! Arcaui
I Omatllla...
I Venus
PomOD3....
State of Cal j
Humboldt ...
Humboku ...
Chlna&Japan.
Alaska
Vic & P« Snd
! Humboldt. ..
I San Diego
iPortlana
Panama
Newport
Sydney
Humboldt ...
Humboldt ....
Coos Bav
Vie & Pirt Sna
Cblna A: Japan
San Diesro
! Portland
Apr 15. 2 PM
Apr 15. » am
Apr 13. 1 pm
Apr 16. 4 PM
Apr Hi. It) AM
«.pr 17. W am
Apr IT. 11 AN
Apr 18. 10 AM
Apr IS, 12 M
Apr V>, 8 AM
Apr 10, 2 PM
Apr SO. 9 AM
Apr 20. 10 AM
Apr 21. 10 AM
Apr U. 10 am
Apr 21, 1 PM
Apr 21. 11 Ait !
]Apr 23. It) AMI
Pier 13
Pier 11
PM SS
Pier i
Pier I
Pier 1
Pier 11
Pier 24
PM SS
Pier 11
Pier T
Pier 13
Pier »
Pier VI
Pier fl
jPM SS
iPler 11
I Pier ii
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographio Office, U. S. N., Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco April
14, 1898.
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day — i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. T. McMILLAN,
Assistant in charge.
SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Thursday April 14.
Stmr Gipsy, Leland, 24 hours from Monterey
and way ports.
! Aus stmr Burma, Mikullcich. 94 hours from
I Nanalmo.
I Stmr Alcatraz, Carlson, 40 hours from Hue
neme.
Stmr Coquille River, Johnson, 16 hours from
Fort Bragg.
Bark Snow and Burgess, Mortenaon, 77 days
form Newcastle, NSW.
Schr Ruby A Cousins, Knudsen, 3 days from
Coos Bay.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, 6 hours from Point
Reyes.
Schr Gotama, Dedrlck, 3% days from Cooa
Bay.
Schr North Bend, Schmehl, 10 days from Wit
lapa Harbor.
Schr Ciuide, Olsen, 10 days from Grays Har
bor.
Schr Daisy Rowe, Wilson, 3% days from Coos
Bay.
Schr Lily, Bottger, 3 days from Umpqua
River.
CLEARED.
Thursday April 14.
-._,. Homer, Jessen, San Pedro; Goodall,
Perkins & Co.
Ship Two Brothers, Wilson, Nanaimo; S
Blair.
Haw bark Roderick Dhu, Rock, Hilo; J D
Spreckels & Bros Co.
Schr Albert Meyer, Marschall, Kahulul via
Fort Bragg; H F Allen.
SAILED.
Thursday April 14.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons. Eureka.
Stmr Mackinaw, Littlefleld, Tacoma.
Stmr Cleone, Walvig, Albion.
Stmr Bonita, Nicolson, Newport and way
ports.
Stmr Arcata, Reed. Coos Bay.
Stmr Samoa, Johnson, Eureka.
Schr Eureka, Asplund. Bristol Bay.
Bark Nicolas Thayer, Swanson. Bristol Bay.
i-ark Merom. Peterson, Bristol Bay.
Bktn Retriever, Bogan, Port Blakeley.
Schr Ocean Spray, Sorenson, Iversens Land
ing.
Schr Lureka, Apslund. Bristol Bay.
Schr Mary C, Campbell. Bodega.
Schr Newark, Beck, Bowens Landing.
-chr Conflanza, Jensen. Coquille River.
Schr Eva, Klitgard. Hana, Hawaii.
Schr Salvator, Jensen.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS.ApriI 14. 10 p. m.— Weather,
foggy; wind, NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The bktn Retriever loads lumber at Port
BlaKeley for Shanghai, 48s 9d; Willscott, wheat
at Tacoma for Europe, 27s 6d.
SPOKEN.
Per M P Grace— Lat 48 16 N. long 125 12 W,
Br schr City of San Diego with 303 skins.
March 12— Lat 12 N, long 27 W. Br ship
Blythswood, from Cardiff, for Victoria.
March 21— Lat 6 S, long 33W. Br ship Clan
Graham, from London, for San Franlcsco.
March 25— Lat 3 N, long 26 W, » : ship Ellis
land, hence Dec 2, for Queenstown.
MISCELLANEOUS..
The bark Coloma at Port Townsend from
Unalaska reports that in lat 50 55 N, long 161
34 W, saw a full rigged ship steering west.
DOMESTIC PORTS.
PORT TOWNSEND— Arrived April 14— Ship
M P Grace, hence March 29.
PORT Ll'DLOW— Sailed April 14— Schr Queen
for San Francisco.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 14— Stmr North Fork,
for San Francisco.
PORT LOS ANGELES— SaiIed April 14— Haw
strnr San Mateo, for San Francisco.
GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived April 9— Schr Ori
ent, hence March 31; echr Enterprise, hence
March 26.
EUREKA— SaiIed April 14— Stmr Laguna, for
GREENWOOD— SaiIed April 16— Stmr Alca
zar, for Port Los Angeles.
SAN PEDRO— Arrived April 14— Schr Alice,
from Eureka.
ASTORlA— Arrived April 14— Stmr Pasadena
from Seattle.
Sailed April 14— Stinr National City, for Dyea.
SAN DlEGO— Sailed April 14— Sch Emma and
Louisa for Honolulu.
PAN PEDRO— Arrived April .:— Schr Mary E
Russj. from Eureka.
NEWPORT Arrived April 14— Stmr Fulton,
from Fort Brafrg;.
PORT TOWNSEXn- Arrived April 14— Bark
Coloma, from Unalaska.
EASTERN PORTS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 13— Stmr Finance,
for Colon.
PHILADELPHIA— CIeared April 13— Ship H
Failing, for Port Los Angeles.
FOREIGN PORTS.
TYNE— Arrived April 13— Ger ship Chile, hnc
Dec 12.
CORONEL— Arrived April 13— Stmr Ohio,
from Philadelphia, for San Francisco.
ANTWERP— Arrived April 13— Br ship Tox
teth, from Tacoma.
TRANS- ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
NEW YORK— Sailed April 14— Stmr Karls
ruhe, for Rotterdam.
ROTTERDAM— Arrived April 14— Stmr Werk
endam, from New York.
-ailed April 14— Stmr Spaarndam, for New
York.
LEGHORN— Arrived April 14— Stmr Karama
nla. from New York.
I.TVKKI oOL— Arrived April 14— Stmr Rhine
land, from Philadelphia.
BREMEN— Arrived April 14— Stmr Havel, fm
New York.
XAT'T.KS-Arrived April 14— Stmr Ems, from
New York.
QUEENSTOWN-Palled April 14-Stmr Can
ada, for i mton; gtmr Waesland. for Philadel
phia: stmr Germania, for New York.
GENOA-Pailed April 14— Stm Kaiser Wllhelm
U, for .New lurk.
1920
ROBBED OF
HER MONEY
AND WATCH
Bold Crime of Two
Supposed Ex-Mes
senger Boys.
Mrs. Wagman, a Guest
at Hackmeier's Hotel,
the Victim.
Induced to Leave Her Apart
ments She Is Relieved of
a Large Sum.
SEARCHING FOR THIEVES.
As They Are Known the Detectives
Expect lo Arrest Them
Soon.
The police are searching for two ex
messenger boys, who cleverly robbed
Mrs. Wagman, a guest at Hack
meier's Hotel, Wednesday afternoon.
Shortly after noon the bold thieves vis
ited the hotel, and pretended to be in
search of employment.
While one of them engaged the clerk
In conversation the other went to Mrs.
Wagman's room and informed her that
a friend named Moore was waiting to
see her in the reception room. Not sus
pecting anything wrong the woman left
her room, expecting to meet some
friend whom she had known In the
East. To her surprise she found the
reception room unoccupied, and think
ing that the boy had played a Joke on
her, she leisurely returned to her room.
After completing her toilet, prepara
tory to taking a trip to the park she
went to get her purse containing JIRO
which she had left on the table. The
money was gone, as well as a gold
watch, which Mrs. Wagman prized
very highly. Realizing that the boy
had robbed her the surprised woman at
once informed the clerk who sent for
a police officer. The latter after get
ting a description of the two boys re
ported the facts to Chief Lees. He de
tailed Detectives Dinan and Reynolds
to make an investigation, but despite
their efforts the boys have thus far
managed to elude arrest.
Last night Mrs. Wagman visited po
lice headquarters and told the story of
the robbery. She said she arrived here
from Indianapolis and went to Hack
meier's Hotel. She intended to make
a short stay, and then return to her
home.
"On the day of the bold robbery." she
remarked, "I had placed my purse con
taining nearly all the money I had on
the table in my room. As a precaution
ary measure, so as not to excite the
cupidity of any stranger who hap
pened to enter the house. I placed my
hat over the purse. While I was ar
ranging my toilet I heard a knock at
the door, and on opening it I found a
young man who wore a cap similar to
the ones used by messenger boys. He
informed me that a friend was waiting
for me in the reception room and that
he was anxious to see me. Without
waiting to lock the door of my apart
ments, I went to the reception room and
was considerably surprised on not find
ing any one there.
"I then returned to my room and
discovered that I had been robbed."
The police are satisfied that the boys
had carefully planned the robbery and
that they were aware of the fact that
Mrs. Wapman had considerable money
In her possession.
INGLESIDE COURSING.
A Large Entry Has Been Made for
Saturday and Sunday Racing.
The Ingleside Coursing Park has re
cently been undergoing changes for the
better, for Manager Donnovan is always i
looking out for the comfort of his pa- '
tror.F. T>ast evening the "drawing" for
the big stako to be run on Saturday and
Sunday was held at McDonald's sporting
emporium on Market street and resulted
as follows:
Ball & Frank's Monte Cristo vs. D. M. Des
monde's Buckwa; P. Brophy's Benlcla Boy vs.
E. J. Heeney's Moore's Prescription; D.
Roche's Gold Dust vs. S. A. Portal's Our Boy;
James McCormlck's White Wings vs. J. An
thoney's Tullamore; W. Ryan's Signal vs. G.
Hewer's Blue Jay; Mlchalitz' Fireball vs. D.
Chille's Happy Day; L. G. Shipman's Blue
PpII vs. l>arkev <fc Rock's Hercules: T. Mc-
Hugh's Springfield vs. P. O. Donald's Coun
terfeit; E. C. Junes' Gaslight vs. J. Shay's
Firenzl: G. Smart's Siikwood vs. J. Dean's
Gladiator; D. Hooper's Koolawn vs. O'Connell
Bros.' Sir Walter; Lowe & Thompson's Prince
of Fashion vs. D. Oarr's Bell of Moscow: Lar
key & Rock's Minerva vs. S. A. Portal's Light
ning; K. W. Duffey's B. B. vs. M. Nealon's
Yon Cloie; M. NValon's Van Knapp vs. F.
Brown's Alma; F. Moran's Van Kirk vs. H.
M. Wright's Tlc-tac-toe; Deckelman & Pana
rio's Pet Kirby vs. D. Roche's Pacific Queen;
Larkey & Rock's Liberty Belie vs. Gibson Sc
Sater's Mollle Bairn; W. Dalton's Lady Na
poleon vs. M. Kerrigan's Lady In Black: B.
C. Kearney"? Milley Daly vs. James Fox's
Port Costa: D. M. Whlteslde's Brimbo vs.
James Byrne's Nellie B. : S. A. Portal's At
Iydot vs. James Cox's CUfton Lass: W. J.
Shleldß' Cllffptte vs. W. Joiner's Cuckoo; J.
Masconi's Ollen vs. J. O'Connor's Valley Star:
J. Byrnes' Seminole vs. W. Ryan's Sweet Mu
sic; F. C. Mark's Decorator vs. A. Johnson's
Mountain Beauty; Cronln & McDonald's Dollle
Pimple vs. E. J. Hear.r-y's Harkaway II;
Brown A Lucas" Van Nida vs. A. Johnson's
Llxpak: H. Spring's Dawn vs. J. Dean's Nellie
Conroy: Lvnrh & Mnhir's Dakota vs. W. Dal
ton's Slnaloa; B. Dougherty's Tessle Fair vs.
H. S. Spring's Master Jack: D. Flynn's Tom
Bell vs. J. M. Sellwood's Little Dell.
The prizes are $200. $100, $50, four of $25
each, eight of $15 each and sixteen of '
$2 50 each. As first-class hares are se
lected good coursing should certainly re
sult.
BUILDING TRADES COUNCIL.
Work Fairly Good and Only Two
Non-Union Jobs Reported.
The reports from the delegates of the
various trades at the Building Trades
Council last night were of a very encour
aging nature. Work is considered to be
fairly good, and the working card of the
council is being recognized everywhere.
The committee which was to have met
with the committees on Health and Police
of the Supervisors to explain the import
of a sanitary Ijill reported that the
Health and Police Committee had been
unable to secure a quorum at the time
arranged, and efforts will be made to
meet again in the near future.
A meeting of the Joint committee of the
three central bodies having the Kelso
case in charge will be held at 1159 Mission
street to-night. Another meeting to dis
cuss the new charter will be held at 915%
Market street Sunday afternoon.
Democratic Henchmen Organize.
A large delegation of Democratic voters
of the Thirtieth Assembly District met at
997 Market street last night for the pur
pose of organizing a district club. About
200 men signed the roll. This, in addition
to those having previously, presented
themselves for membership through the
medium of Colonel J. F. Sullivan, will
bring the number up to about 600. James
Farrell was elected president, J. P.
Sweeney; vice-president, James F. Cree-
gan secretary, Edward Lunny treasurer
and LVwroncp Twom«»y sergeant-at-arms.
A MISSION BURGLAR CAUGHT.
John Quinn's Visit to the Residence
of Mrs. Johnson Lands Him.
in Jail.
John Qulnn. a seedy looking tramp,
was arrested by Officer C. M. Shore In
the Mission last night on the charge of
burglary. Quinn entered the residence
of Mrs. Johnson at 4 Collingswood street
and proceeded to rifle the house in the
most approved fashion. He went up
stairs and turned over the bedclothes on
the beds, throwing them on the floor in
his search for valuables. Not finding
money or jewelry he packed up some
wearing apparel and carried the bundle
to the front door, where he left it while
he proceeded to explore the dining room
and kitchen. Here he was confronted by
the lady of the house, who inquired his
business. He tried to run a bluff by ask
ing for something to eat. He was in
formed that was not the way to enter
the house; that he should have rung the
bell and waited for the door to be opened.
At this he left, but the suspicious manner
in which he acted caused Mrs.. Johnson
to make an examination of her premises
and on going upstairs she found that
Quinn had been there.
She gave the alarm and Officer Shore
responded and succeeded in capturing
the burglar within a short distance of the
place. •■_•
WAS OUT TO KILL.
A Highbinder Arrested While He
Was Looking for an Enemy.
While out looking for an enemy whom
he wished to kill, Yee King, a Chinese
highbinder, was arrested last evening and
charged with carrying concealed weap
ons. He had In his possession a fourteen
lnch knife and a 44-caliber navy revolver.
A woman in one of the disreputable
houses had some trouble with a man
several days ago, and Yee Ning, being a
friend of the woman, took up the quar
rel and determined to kill her enemy.
ThP officers were on the lookout for lee
Ning and he was seen early in the even
ing by Officer Handley of Sergeant Shea s
squad, but the nimble highbinder disap
peared before he could be captured.
Later, as Policeman Silver was walking
down Clay street, near Spofford alley, he
saw the "Chinese coming toward him.
Tee Ning spied the officer at the same
time and ran into a lodging-house, where
Silver captured him.
PLANNING FOR
CONVENTIONS
Meeting of the Committee at
the Office of Mayor
Phelan.
Overtures to Be Mada to the Demo.
c ratio State Central Com
mittee.
At the meeting of the California Con
vention Committee, held in the office of
Mayor Phelan yesterday, a sub-commit
tee was appointed to take action toward
securing the holding of the Democratic
State Convention in this city. There
were present at the meeting Mayor Phe
lan. General R. H. Warneld. W. M. Bun
ker, George K. Hooper and A. S. Bald
win. The Mayor announced that the
Democratic State Central Committee
would meet on Saturday morning, and
suggested that a committee be appointed
to appear before that body and urge the
claims of San Francisco for the State
Convention of that party. On motion of
General Warneld the following were ap
pointed as such committee: A. S. Bald
win, W. M. Bunker, J. C. Kirkpatrlck,
George K. Hooper, A. A. Watkins and
General Warfiefd. This sub-committee
will meet this evening at the California
Hotel and discuss and adopt a plan of
action.
It was announced that arrangements
are in progress for securing the North
American Turners' Convention for the
city. It is to be held on juiy 5.
Mayor Phelan Introduced the following
resolution, which was adopted:
Resolved, That the Governor be respectfully
requested to appoint a commission to repre
sent California at the Omaha exposition, and
to there provide an exhibit of the resources of
the State.
The committee adjourned to meet at
the call of the chair.
ENDED HIS TROUBLES.
John Eschalbach, Despondent, Takes
a Dose of Carbolic Acid.
John Eschalbach, a brewer living at
the southeast corner of Gould and Powell
streets, committed suicide last night by
taking carbolic acid.
Eschalbach has had considerable
trouble with his wife lately and applied
for a divorce, which was denied him yes
terday. It weighed on his mind, and to
ward "evening he began to brood over his
troubles, becoming more and more de
spondent. He finally approached his
landlady and borrowed 35 cents from
her, with which he bought the fatal
draught.
He was 29 years of age and leaves three
children.
The Blue and the Gray.
Harry Whitlow, a private in Company
A, First Infantry, stationed at the Pre
sidio, swore to a complaint In Judge
Joachimsen's court yesterday for the ar
rest of Richard Murphy, a mail carrier,
on the charge of battery. Whitlow and
two companions went into a saloon at
Hyde and Union streets Monday night.
As they left the saloon they were at
tacked by about a dozen men, and while
Whitlow was on the ground he alleges
that Murphy jumped on him and kicked
him so severely that he was laid up In
a hospital till yesterday morning.
WHERE BURGLARS PROFITED.
The Keramic Art Studio Which Was Ransacked Yesterday by Some
EVIDENTLY a good Judge .of china
- ware has ; entered the burglars': pro
fessional ranks, as the Keramio Doc
..' oratlve Art Studio at 215 Post street
owned by Mrs." S. V. Culp and Mrs. ,M. ;B.
Perley, > was ; l entered ; early ' yesterday
morning by a burglar <or t burglars, '; who
rwisacked the place, 1 but took nothing •*-
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, FRIDAY, APRIL 15, 1898.
ASSISTED A
MURDERER
TO ESCAPE
Thorn, Alias Theron,
Is Positively Iden
tified.
Supplied the Keys "Which
Gave Bruggy His
Freedom.
Arrested After an Exciting
Chase and Sent to San
Quentin.
KNOWN AS A BAD MAN.
The Capture of the Third Man Who
Participated in the Rob
bery.
James Thorn and John Wlnrow, the
desperate criminals who were arrested
yesterday morning for murderously as-
The Two Burglars Whose Capture Has So Elated the
Police Department.
saulting E. Liebscher, a grocer, at Ma
son and Pacific streets, are well known
to the police. Thorn is an ex-convict and
is known as a desperate character. The
accomplice is a graduate of the "Whittier
Reform School, and is regarded as a con
firmed criminal.
As told in yesterday's Call, the two
men entered Liebscher's store and after
severely beating him got away with $117
In money and two watches. Although
partially dazed from the beating he re
ceived, Liebscher grabbed a revolver
which was lying under the counter and
started after the fleeing robbers. He fired
five shots at them, which had the effect
of attracting Policemen Peshon, Conners
and Conway to the scene. After a short
chase they succeeded in capturing the
desperadoes.
A short time afterward the same offi
cers also arrested a young man named
George Baker and charged him with be
ing a party to the crime.
He was found in a lodging house on
Kearny street, and despite his protesta
tion of innocence he was taken to the
City Prison, where his name was regis
tered on the "small book." Thorn and
"Winrow were positively identified by
their victim. The former's true name is
Joe Theron. To the criminal classes he
Is known as the "Tough Frenchman."
Thorn or Theron is the man who assist
ed Murderer Bruggy to escape from the
Santa Rosa jail. He was arrested after
an exciting chase, and on a conviction
was sent to San Quentin for five years.
Bruggv is still at large. Thorn was dis
charged from the penitentiary a short
time ago and since then, it is said, he has
been guilty of a number of daring rob
beries. Prior to assisting Bruggy to es
Artistic Thieves.
cept the finest and most portable articles
on exhibition and for sale In the estab
lishment. It is more than probable that
some one who had studied the surround
ings carefully committed the crime, as
it was plainly seen that articles of small
value were not disturbed and nothing was
broken while the selections were being
made.
In one of the show windows nothing
was taken but a piano lamp, and just how
the party or parties reached the piece of
furniture without knocking everything
down in the window is a matter wor
thy of thought. The choicest pieces be-
longing to valuable sets, including pretty
cups and saucers, coffee pots and prize
bowls, were carried away, and it is esti
mated that the loss will reach $900.
The burglars entered the store by pry-
Ing the front door open, and it ia sup
posed the ransacking expedition com
menced about 3 o'clock In the morning.
cape he served one year in the House of
Correction for grand larceny.
During the past few months sev « ra ]
grocery store proprietors nave been held
up by two masked robbers, and it is now
believed that Thorn was one of them.
The description tallies exactly with that
of the "stout robber" who a short time
ago entered a grocery-store on Minna
street and at the point of a pistol com
pelled the proprietor and several custom
ers to throw up their hands. While he
held them in submission his confederate,
who was also masked, emptied the cash
register, which contained a few dollars.
He also relieved one of the patrons of a
gold watch and a small amount of money.
Chief L*es is greatly pleased over the
capture of the two men, and at the next
meeting of the Police Commissioners he
will ask that the officers who participated
in the arrest be granted a few days Ij^ve
of absence in recognition of their services.
CROCKER LODGE ENTERTAINS.
It Furnishes Music and Song to Its
Many Friends In Mission
Parlor Hall.
Crocker Lodge No. 302 of the Ancient
Order of United Workmen, composed of
men in the employ of the street railway
companies and the Market-street Rail
way Band, gave an entertainment and
ball last night in Mission Parlor Hall.
The hall, which was decorated with rare
good taste, was filled to its capacity by
members of both organizations and their
friends. They were treated to a pro
gramme of vocal and instrumental music
that has seldom been excelled at any
entertainment given by fraternal bodies.
The band, under tho directorship of
Will H. Ramsey, rendered "Under the
Double Eagle," "Forrest Park" and "Am
bolena Snow"; Kathrine and Marian
Clarke entertained with violin and piano
duet; J. Kennedy gave selections on the
cornet; Sam Booth, grand receiver of the
Ancient Order of United Workmen, kept
the audience in a roar of laughter with
original songs; Miss Ada J. Wheaton gave
"The Battle of Prague" on the piano,
with bugle accompaniment, aud her per
formance, a very creditable one, was
loudly applauded; Will H. Ramsey pro
voked a. great deal of mirth by singing
"Because the Cars Th<=-y Run So Slow,
a skit on the recent order of the Mayor
reducing the speed of street cars. Then
followed instrumental selections on piano
and violin by Olive, Blanche and Ruben
Theil; vocal solo by William Crews, bary
tone; piano solo by Miss Alice Bell and
Professor H. C. Seib; popular songs by
Mr. Edwards; cornet solo by Miss Whea
ton, who rendered in a most enchanting
manner "Have I But Thy Love" and "Far
From You, Far-famed, Immortal Hills"
(opera of "Attilla"). After that followed
dancing until midnight.
The committee of arrangements was:
S. M. Snyder, F. T. Morne, H. Barron, H.
J. McClintock, W. A. Ramsey and S. An
derson.
Christian Endeavor Concert.
The excellent programme presented by
the Young People's Society of Christian
Endeavor at St. John's Presbyterian
Church last night drew to that edifice a
large number of the friends of the so
ciety, who were well rewarded by the
select programme rendered. After the
conclusion of the concert the participants
were entertained at a banquet by the
members of the society. The following
soloists took part in the concert: Charles
Parent, basso; Clarence Wendell, tenor;
Mrs. Eva Tenney, soprano; Mrs. Olive
Reed-Cushman. contralto, and Arthur F.
Johannsen, violin. F. Dellepiane, accom
panist.
Candy Makers Will Dance.
The Candy Makers' Club of San Fran
cisco will give its fourth annual ball and
bonbon party at Union-square Hall next
Saturday night. One of the features of
the evening will be the free distribution
of candy to all who may attend. Excel
lent music has been secured for the oc
casion, and the committee having the
affair In charge has made every effort to
Insure an enjoyable time to every one.
The watchman, Armiger, says he visited
the store about that time and everything
was in its usual place, but when he re
turned some time later the store was In a
state of disorder. The owners of the
place are of the opinion that some one
has paid for the burglary for the purpose
of taking the valuable articles out of the
country for exhibition purposes, but the
police think the articles will easily be re
covered. The largest article taken was
a chrysanthemum table top, valued at
$150.
A French coffee pot which had been on
exhibition at the World's Fair and which
was estimated to be worth about $75 was
also missing. The most peculiar part of
the burglary, according to the police, is
the fact that the money drawer was not
disturbed. A strong effort will be made
by Detective Whitaker, who has been de
tailed on the case, to find the property,
which may result In a detection of the
much-wanted thieve*
BURNED LIKE
A BEACON ON
THE BEACH
Fire Destroys Golden
Gate Villa, Ha.g
gerty's Place.
It Was a Well- Known
Resort for Park and
Ocean Frequenters.
Lack of Hydrant Facilities Pre
vented Effective Work by
the Firemen.
WAS A BRILLIANT BLAZE.
It Started In the Kitchen and the
Inmates Had to Hurry to
Escape.
Golden Gate Villa, one of the pret
tiest resorts on the ocean beach, was
destroyed by fire last night. The place
was owned and conducted hy Robert
Haggerty and Charles Leonhardt, and
scarcely a vestige of it was left at mid
night, whon the fire engines were called
away from the scene. The firemen
could do Httle to save the buildings and
their contents. The nearest fire hy
drant was 1400 feet away, and there
was only one of them in the district
that could be reached by a hose line.
From that only a feeble stream could
be got and about all the firemen could
do was to stand and watch the place
burn.
It made a brilliant blaze. The build
ings were of light "ginger bread" work
and burned readily. The flames could
be seen from the city above the tops
of the hills that skirt the ocean beach,
and at the Cliff House, a half-mile
awr- it dimmed the electric lights.
All that was saved from the place
was a few of the bar fixtures and they
were not estimated to be worth more
than $50. The proprietors of the place
estimate their building and contents to
be worth about $25,000, and the insur
ance companies representatives place
the loss at only $3000 below their fig
ures. The insurance on the property
was $20,000.
The fire started In the kitchen. It
was first observed by John Mrilahan,
the trainer of James Lawler, the pugi
list, who is preparing for a fight with
Charles Conway at the Olympic Club
on next Friday night. He gave the
alarm, and the occupants of the place
had hardly time to escape with' their
lives. Lawler was asleep in his room,
and when he was aroused the flames
were at the door of his apartment. He
was obliged to leap from the w r indow
only partially dressed. He left his
watch and two r diamond rings behind,
as well as his training apparatus.
Charles Spohn, the bartender of the
saloon, occupied a room near that of
Lawier, and he, too, was obliged to
jump for his life. He saved scarcely
any of his effects. Heggerty was on
watch in the bar of the house and as
soon as the alarm was given and it
was seen that the flames had such a
great start, he occupied his time in re
moving what he could from the bar,
but it was not long before he was
driven away, so rapidly did the fire
spread, and he saved but little of the
stock of liquors.
In the rear of the main building were
many sheds, and it was not long be
fore they were enveloped In flames.
One of a pair of horses was gotten
safely out of one of the sheds, but the
other was caught by the fire and
burned to death.
About a hundred feet to the south of
where the burned buildings stood is the
Golden Gate Life-saving Station, but
by the work of the crew of the place,
with their feeble fire-fighting appr-atus
and the formation of a bucket brigade
among their number, the buildings
were kept wet and the fire was pre
vented from spreading to them. A
short distance to the east is a large
three-story building recently erected by
Adolph Sutro, but as yet unoccupied.
It was in a direct line with the sparks
that were carried by the high wind,
but the firemen united their efforts in
protecting it when it was seen that
nothing could be saved from the burn
ing structures, and though the fire
brands lodged several times in its roof
it was saved from the flames.
HEAVYWEIGHT PUGILISTS.
Ftelzner and Baker Will Box Ten
Bounds Before the National Club.
The National Athletic Club will match
Henry Baker and Jack Stelzner to-day to
box ten rounds ,on the evening of May 6,
as a preliminary to the Jeffries and Shar
key twenty-round contest. In the pool
rooms even money is being wagered on
the big fellows, and already a large
amount of gold coin has changed hands.
There is very little gambling on the Jef
fries and Mexican Pete fight, which will
be held In the Olympic Club. There is
no end of Jeffries money in sight, and at
the prevailing odds of $10 to $4, with Pete
on the short end, there is very little
"Mexican" money to be had.
Kennedy, the pugilist who is at pres
ent boxing with Mexican Pete, will leave
for Vallejo on Monday to act as sparring
partner to Sharkey, and Jack Stelzner
will Journey to Oakland to-day, wnere
he will be taken in hand by Billy De
lanev. Stelzner will assist Jeffries to put
on the finishing touches for the big mill
in May.
BOBBED HELLO BOXES.
The Police Land Two Young Thieves
Tampering With the Telephone
Company's Property.
Detectives Sullivan and Graham clev
erly captured Michael Savage, aged 23,
and John Mitch-U, aged 18, two of the
gang that have been emptying the tele
phone boxes of the Pacific Telephone
Company. Savage and Mitchell and a pal
were caught robbing a box in a saloon
at Third and Stevenson streets by Sulli
van. He grabb*- Savage, while the other
two bolted through the door. Graham
was taken by surprise, but grabbed
Mitchell, while the other two got away.
The prisoners were taken to the City
Prison, and when searched a jimmy and
some keys were found in their pockets
Bobbed Express Wagons.
George McQuillan, alias George Ma
honey, was booked at the City Prison
yesterday by Detectives Egan and T. B.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
Thl tv- j9
ilmil. ySJIf //f . — Ism
.8* **f9*
Gibson on a charge of petty larceny,
second offense. McQuillan Is one of a
gang who make it a practice to rob ex
press wagons, and has already served
a term for the offense. On April 11 he
stole 800 cigars from a wagon belonging
to the People's Express Company, which
was standing on Sansome street. He was
observed by another expressman and was
chased and captured.
CAMER-o. ARTISTS.
The Photographic Art Club Organ
ized With a Large Mem
bership jAoll.
The Photographic Art Club, an organi
zation of amateur and professional pho
tographers, was organized on Wednesday
night with a large charter roll and many
associate members. Headquarters for the
club were secured in the Mercantile
Library building, and they are now being
fitted with dark rooms and the other pe
culiar adjuncts of the photographers' art
The club will give a lantern slide and pho
tographic exhibition each month. It will
establish a photograph exchange and
supply its members with photographic
supplies at reduced rates. Lectures on
the camera and its art will be given and
excursions will be arranged to the pictur
esque spots of the State to give the ama
teur photographers plenty of opportunity
to secure some good views.
The officers of the new association are
E. Rea, president: Oscar Maurer, vice
president; James E. Haren, treasurer,
and J. Vincent Lehigh, secretary.
Page Charged With Forgery.
Frank Harris, alias Le Page, a young
boy, was arrested at Tomales yesterday
and charged with forgery. J. B. O'Con
nor, manager for Whittaker & Rey, was
the complaining witness. He accuses
Harris of having signed his name to a
note addressed to a friend and obtaining
$5.
DIED.
GORHAM- In this city, April 14, 1898, Anne,
beloved wifp of Bartley Gorham, and mother
of Mary, Delia, Joe. Bartley and John Gor
ham. a native of Cllfden, County Galway,
Ireland, aged 39 years.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
WfriQ-^ Steamers leave Broadway
WB^Ptej. -wharf, San Francisco:
! iSRM%SBSftk For Alaskan ports. 10 a. m.
! ESlmAI^ April 1, 6. 11, 16 21 2G. May 1.
fclreSiSJ toI transfer at Seattle.
flßar2-<«»l For Alaskan ports (from
I I r**si£Epsi3M Spear rtreet wharf), 10 a. m.,
II •;'■ ' ' April 8, 18, 23, May 3, transfer
"** at Portland. Or.
For Victoria, Vancouver (8.C.), Port Town-
•end, Seattle, Tacoma, Everett, Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.). 10 a. m., April 1. 6.
11, 16, 21, 26, May 1, and every fifth day there-
after, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry.. at
Tacoma with N. P. Ry.. at Vancouver with ;
C. P. Ry.
For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m. |
April 2, 8, 14, 20, 26. May 2, and every sixth
day thereafter.
For Santa Cruz, Monterey. San Simeon,
Cayucos, Port Harford (San Luis Oblspo), |
Oaviota, Santa Barbara, Ventura, Hueneme,
San Pedro, East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and i
Newport. 9 a. m.. April 3, 7, 11, 15, 19. 23, 27.
May 1, and every fourth day thereafter.
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford r (San Luis Obispo), Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo (Los Angeles), 11
a. m., April 1, 5. 9, 13, 17. 21, 25, 29. May 3, and
every fourth day thereafter.
For Ensenada. Magdalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo, Mazatlan, Altata, La Paz, Santa Rosa-
lia and Guaymas (Mex.), 10 a. m.. April 11.
and ?d of each month thereafter.
The company reserves - the . right to Chang*
without previous notice steamers, sailing: dates
and hours of sailing.
TICKET OFFICE— I New Montgomery street
(Palace Hotel). '
GOOD ALL, PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market street, San Francisco.
THE Q. R. & N. Co.
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Spear-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 12 First Class Including Berth
iMnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
State of California .Apr. 3. 13, 23, May 3
Columbia .....; Apr. 8. 18, 28. May 8
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap- j
plication to
E. C. WARD. General Agent,
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO..
Superintendents.
AMERICAN LINE
To England and the Continent.
RED STAR LINE
To Antwerp.
EMPIRE LINE
To Alaska.
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.
REMOVED TO
30 Montgomery St.
empirlTline.
FOR ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS. |
Steamers Ohio, Per—sylvanla, Illinois, Indi- I
ana, 3400 tons. Conemaugh, 2100 tons (formerly
in the trans-Atlantic service of the American
line). . '
Appointed sailings ■ from Seattle. ;
S. S. Ohio, June 15. S. S. Indiana, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania June 29, for St. Michael,
connecting with company's fleet of new and
modern steamers and barges on the Yukon
River, through to Dawson City and interme-
diate points. For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO.,
30 Montgomery St.
: Or any of its Agencies.
fHßillßfllft The S.S. ALAMEDA I
l||ffln|r sails via» Honolulu and
irnallf Auckland for Sydney
y ™ ~>^ "Wednesday, April . 20.
§Jfi3rnc})ina) a s. S P ' zealandia.
CylCdlllJllll;" for HONOLULU only,
{OfflfiulZM"* Wednesday, May 4.
V>JI!IJUUIU«J~ 2 p. m. Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE, Australia, and CAPS
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents..
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market St.. San Francisco.
Gompagnie Generate Transatlantic^.
French Line to Havre.
. Company's i Pier (new) 42 r«orth ■ -» ■£■&,
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers <(2j!jiF'S
by this line avoid both transit by »*■**
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a small boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second class. $116.
LA GASCOGNE .. April 23. 10 a. m.
LA CHAMPAGNE April 30, 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGNE .....May 7, 10 a, m.
LA TOURAINE May 14, 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE ....May 21, 10 a. m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAGNIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN-
TIQUE, Agent, (
.•-..-.. No. 3, Bowling Green, New York.
J. F.'FUGAZI & CO., Agents, 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco. ~
FOR U.S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
i Mon., Tues., Wed., Thurs. and Sat
I 9:45 a. m., 3:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thurs.)
Fridays ....................1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays ..........:....... 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m.
: Landing and Of flees— Mission Dock, Pier 2.
| Telejhone. Red 2241.
; FOR SAN JOSE, LOS GATOS and SANTA CEU2
--■ Steamer Alviso leaves Pier l daily (Sundays
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 6 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso. 50c;
to San Jose, 75c. Clay street, Pier 1. 41 North
First street, San Jose. :
RAILROAD TBAVEL. .
I THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SANIOAQUIiI
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10. 1897, train* will run as
tallows: ■■•■'.'■■-• ■
From September 10, 1597, trains will run as
follows: :"jBtaßßß9lßnSßaßg£>3F&{: "j8taBBB91BnSBaBg£>3F&{
■ , Southbound. J: . I Northbound.
Passen- r Mixed Mixed Passen-
ger Sunday Stations Sunday ger
Dally: Excepted ",- ; . Excepted Daily
7:20 a.m. 9:00 a.m. I Stockton 3:45 p.m. 5:40p.m. s
9:10 a.m. 12:50 p.m. Merced 12:50 p.m. 3:53 p.m.
10:40 a.m. | 3:50 p.m. Fresno 9:30 a.m. 2:20 D.m.
11:40 a.m. 5:20 p.m. Hanfordf 9:45 a.m. 1:15 p.m.
12:15 p.m.| 6:45 p.m. | Visalia | 6:40 a.m. |12:40 p.m.
: Stopping at intermediate points -when re-
quired. .;« ../f ■■.-■• •-..;■•:'■.■-•■.•.... ■-■■■ . ■ ;■■■■,'
: Connections— At ; Stockton with i steamboats of
C. N. v& , I. ";.. Co.. > leaving: • San Francisco • and
Stockton vat<6- p. « m. dally; rat - Merced s with
stages to and from Snellings, Coultervllle, etc.;
1 also with >. stage < for ■ Hornitos, Marlposa, s etc ;
at Tifto^ftr/tiira wltli stage (a and Xros) Madera»
BATLBOAD TBAVEIi.
MVTHKRN PACIFIC COIIPAST.
(pacific uraxnc)
Trnlu* Ichtc Mtifl nr* .Lie to »rrl*« ml
*"" NAN I-'KA*« •*««». .
(Main Line. Foot of Market Street.)
vat» •■■-—• From April 10. 1698. — AKErm
""•6:0«a Nile*, San Jose »nd Way SUtlona... •«=«*
Penicia, Suigun i.nd Sacraroento.... 1O:45 A
7:OOa MaryßTilie, Oro? Ule wad Redding »I»
Woodland 2 : i"-J!
7:00 a. VacaTille and ............. ■•«»»
7:»Oa Martinez, San Ramon, Vallejo, >ap», _
Oalistoga and Santa R08a......... •'•!?»
8:«Oa Atlantic iixpreiw, Og'leii and Kant.. •«•»:>»
*iaOANiles, San -lose, titocktou. lone,
Saorameuto, Maryntllle, Chico. • '
Trkiima and Re.i IMuff.. .i'!»I
•8:8Oa Peters, Milton and 0akda1e......... **ilor
»««»a New Orleans lS*i>rns«. Merced. K*J-
mond, l'Tesno, Bakcrslieid, Santa
Karl.ara, l^is Ang«le», Deming,
El Vast), New Orleans and East. ««4a»
9i«Oa Vallejo. Martinez, Msroed and
Fresno .'•••■ I Si I op
•l:OOp Sacramento River Steamers......... l!i : ?! >p
l:«Or Niies, San Jose and Way Stations. . *» : « A
l::t«r Martiner and Way Station* ......... 7:-t»F
ltii)Oe Livermore. MendoU, Hanford and
Viialia ••••• *:»»»
 LWermore, San Jose, Nllesand Way
Stations. •/•.. .. • UO»1»A
lt»»p Martinez. San Ramon, Vallejo, .
Nai«, OalialDga. El Verano and V
* Santa Koßa tIIBA
4ie»r Benicia, Vacaville, Woodland,
Knights Landing, MarysTille, Oro- - ■
vllle and SacrMinento !•:«»♦
l>Bor NUes, San Jose, Tracy and Stockton .. 7:1 8p
4:30r Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda,
Fresno, MojaTe (for Randsburg),
Santa Barbara and I,o» Angeles.. 7i4BA
4iSOr Santa Vn Route. Atlantic Express
for MojaTe anil Kiuit «i4a»
. V3t3or "Sunset Limited," Los Angeles, El
Paso, Fort Worth, Little Rock, St.
Louis, Chicago and East {1 Oil 3 A
VS:BUr " Sunset Limited Annex," El Paso,
New Orleans and Kaat |Ioilsa
6ioor European Mail, Ogden and Kast.... 9i43a
6iOOp Hnvnardi, Nilesaud Han Jose 7:43 a
t»:OO Vallejo 17i45r
ti«Or Oregon Eipr<<BS,Hacraniento, Marys-
ville. Reilding, Portland, Pngst
Sound ami Kant .. Siißa
' SAN LKAMHIO AM) HAVWAKDS LOCAL.
(Foot of Market Street.) ■*
{*G:OOa 1 ' ~ 7 7iloA
8:OOa M«lroiie, Seminary r«rk, «*»:4»a
,S. ! 2J!t F.tCbur^E.n.hur.t, ftjg*
O 1:OOa San I.Piuidro. South San l'*:49r
:ia . : °.°. M Lean U ro,E«,tndUlo, $£'
43:6b'p }• Lorenzo. Cherry ■ H:4sp
4:OOp . j t5:4Sp
5:O«p » n « 6:13p
S:3op Haj wards. , 7:45»
7:OOp *i4»F
! 2 : «2 < Runs through t« Nile*. ,5 s fs*
9:00p * From Nllen 10:50p
Htl-.iZpJ tyromJNlleg - ♦tiaiOOy
COAST lUVISIO.N (.Narrow (iange).
(Foot of Market Street.)
{7i43a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Cms
and Principal Way Stations JBiOs»
8«1Sa Newark. CenterrHle, San Jose, Felton,
Boulder Creek, Santa Oruz and Way
Stations..... Bi30»
•2ilsr Newark, Centerville, Ban Jose, New
Almaden, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations •10:304
4:l»p San Jose and Glenwood 0:30 a
»4iinp Boulder Creek and Santa Oni i»=»*A
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rr«_ SIR FRiNCISCO— foot .f Mtrkit Street (Slip 8)—
•7:16 9:00 ll:0()A.H. }1:00 *2:00 tI:M
•1:00 t5:00 •8:00 p.m.
Fr»m OilU II J-r»ot«r Broil w»t.— •«:<>• 8:00 10*0A.lfc
113:00 *1:00 t2:00 »3:00 tl:QO »B:OQPJi.
" COAST DIVISION (Broad flange). *> *
' (Third and Town«end Sts.) __
•7:00 a San Jone and Way Stations' (New
Almaden Wednesdays only) lit*p
t7x3OA Sunday Excursion for San Jose,
Santa Cruz, Pacino Grore I and
Principal Way Stations i :»:«*
1:OOa Hail Jose, Tres Finos,. Santa Crux,
Pacilio Grove, Paso Robles, San
Luis Oblspo, Ouadalupe, Surf and
Principal Way Stations 4il«r
IO:4Oa San Jose and Way Stations »8:OOa
11:3Oa San Jose and Way Stations *»>3sa
*2:43p San Mateo, Redwood, Menlo Park,
Santa, Clara, Baif .lose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cr-.n, Salinaa,
Monterey and Paciilc (irove *10:33 a
•S:8Op Sa^ Jose, Santa Cruz, Pacific Grove
and Way Stations •0:00 a.
•4:13p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 9:43 a
•3:00p San Jose and Principal Way Stations 0:33 a
3:30 San Jose and Principal Way Stations 3:30?
6::tOpSan Jos« and Way Stations 7:30p
t11:43r San Jose and Way Stations 7:80p
A for Morning. P for Afternoon.
• SundKVH excepr.ed. J Sundays only, t Saturdays only
ft Monday, Thursday and Saturday nights only.
«[ Thursdays. a Saturdays and Sundays.
- S Saturdays^ J Sundays and Mondays.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Titmron Ferry. F«»t of Market St.
SAN FRANCISCO TO SAN RAFAEL.
"WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12:35,
3:30. 5:10, 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trips at 1:59
and 11:30 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:OO, 9:30, 11:00 a. m.; 1:30, 8:30,
6:00, 6:20 p. m.
SAN RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 6:IO, 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 a. m.;
12:45, 3:40. 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— Extra trip*
at 1:55 and 6:35 D. m.
SUNDAYS— 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40. 8:44,
5:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Sehuetzen Park
same schedule as above.
Leave .. . T ofT<vt Arrive
Kan Francisco. Oet 21, an Frandswa
Week 1 Sun- n,,^,. Sun- 1 i We«*
Days. I daya. Destination flay^ | daya>
7:30 a.m. 8.00 a.m.] 'Novato, 10:40a.tn.| B:4Oa.ra.
8:30 p.m. 9:30 a.m. Petaluma, 6:10 p.m. 10:25 a.m.
6:10 p.m. 5:00 p.m. Santa Rosa. 7 :35 p.m. | 6:22 p.m.
7 »a.m. Fulton,
Windsor, 10:25 a.m.
Eealdaburg-,
. Lytton,
GeyservlUe,
7:30 p.m. 8:00 a.m. Cloverdala 7:85 p.m. 6:23 p.m.
~~j ] Hopland and [ '
7-.aoa.m. 1 8. •00 a.m. I uklah. | 7:35 p.m. 8:83 p.m.
V :80a.m. ~) 10:25 a.m.
8:00 a.m. Guernevllla. 7 :35 p.m. j
8:80 p.m. | 8:22 p.m.
• JWa.m.'S :ooa.m. Sonoma 10:40 a.m. b:4o*ai.
and
6:10p.m.15:00p.m. Glen Ellen. 6:10 p.m. 8:23 p.m.
7 :80a. m. i B :ooa.m.] t , t , s . air , nn , 110:40 a.m. 110:25a. m
B:Sop.m.ls:oUp.m.| SeoaatcpoL | 7 :S sp.m.[ 7:22p!ra
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Geyserville for Skaggs Springs; at
Cloverdale for the Geysers; at Hopland tor
Highland Springs, Kelseyville, Soda Bay,
Lakeport and Bartlett Springs; at Ukiah for
Vichy Springs, Saratoga Springs, Blue Lakes,
Laurel Dell Lake, Upper Lake, Porno, Potter
Valley, John Day's, Riverside, Llerley's, Buck-
nell's, Sanhedrin Heights, Hullville, Boonvillo,
Orr's Hot Springs, Mendoclno City, Fort
Bragg, Westport, Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at re-
duced rates.
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all point*
beyond San Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices— 6so Market street. Chronicle
building.
A. W. FOSTER, R. X. RYAN,
Pres. and Gen. Manager. Gen. Pass. Agrt.
!ip.^lmh«l CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
Hn^^W SAN FRANCISCO
H^-"3'^sf™TT^_|_jj Chicago.
Leaves San Francisco at 4:30 p. m. •
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but wltfc* .
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing-Room Sleepers,
8% days to Chicago, 4& days to New Tor*.
THE ATLANTIC EXPRESS
Leaves daily at 4:30 p. m., carrying Pullman
Palace and Pullman Tourist Sleeping Can oa
fast time. Direct Conner* n in Chicago and
Kansas City for, all Eastern points.
Trains arri- ■ and depart : from Market-street
Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 6.i Market
street. Chronicle building. Telephone Main
1520. Oakland office. M.lB Broadway. Sacra-
mento office, . 201 J street. San Jose. 7 West
Santa Clara street.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Ferry.
From San Francisco, Commencing September
13. 1897. w
WEEK DAYS. .
For Mill Valley . and • San Rafael— »7:2s. »9-30
11:30 a. m.; »1:45, 3:45, . •5:15, 6:00, 6:30 p. m'
Extra trips for. San Rafael on Mondays, Wed-
nesdays and Saturdays at 11:30 p. m.
. - SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *B:oo, *10-00
- •11:30 a. m. ; *1:15, 3:00, *4:30, 6:15 p. m. " *
. Trains marked • run to San Quentln.
- THROUGH TRAINS. . .
7:25 a. m. week days for Cazadero and way sta-
tions; 1:45 p. m. Saturdays (mixed train) for
Duirean • Mills and way stations; 8:00; a .; m.
. Sundays for Point Reyes and way stations.
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
. ; (Via Sausalito Ferry.) '
Leave San Francisco, commencing November
Week Days— 9:3o a. m., 1:45 p. m.
Sundays— • 10:00, 11:30 a. m., 1:16 p. m.
Round trip from Mill Valley, $1.
, - THOS. ; COOK s & SON, " Agents, - «31 \ Market
j Street, San Francisco