SECOND EDITION
VOLUME LXXXIII.— NO. 158.
THREE HUNDRED SPANISH KILLED
AND FOUR HUNDRED WOUNDED
RIOTS ALL OVER SPAIN
BUT THE SOLDIERS STILL
KEEP PEACE AT MADRID
In the Cortes Moret Challenges a Direct Vote of
Confidence and Says the Government Is
Ready to Give Up Office.
Copyrighted. IS9B, by James Gordon Bennetr,
GIBRALTAR. May 6.— Riots have
taken place all over Spain — at Oviedo,
Ciudad Real and other places. In all
rases martial law has been declared.
The revolutionary spirit is rife.
MADRID, May 6.— There is absolute
ly not a word of truth in the rumors
that have evidently cror-jd the frontier
that Madrid is in a" state of riot. Every
thing here is despairingly quiet.
Communication with Manila is cut off
and news from Cuba is of the most un
interesting character. Naturally enough
the news that the Alfonso XIII had ar
rived at Porto Rico has caused great
satisfaction, but nothing has happened
since Monday that is even worthy of
note.
The Government, by placing the city
in the hands of the military, has com
pletely cowed those who sought to pro
mote disorder, and not one demonstra
tion has been made since it was made
clear that no mercy would be shown to
agitators. Every one is satisfied that
the Government does not mean to be
bulldozed. Those who would like to
do it are too timid, and all others are
perfectly satisfied that the interna
tional affairs of Spain have not gone
astray. In short, for a moment stagna
tion is the word that best defines affairs
here at present.
The Heraldo publishes a dispatch
from General Blanco from Havana say
ing that an American attempt to dis
embark troops at Salada has been de
feated, the disembarking force being
compelled to withdraw. The Spanish
had four wounded. The captain gen
eral also says the Americans were
beaten in their attempt to land at
Banes.
In the Cortes to-day Senor Moret,
Minister for the Colonies in a speech
regarded as the best in his political
career and repeatedly interrupted by
enthusiastic <-heering, insisted that the
throne, "occupied by only a young and
promising monarch and afterward by
his widow and child, must not be
blamed for the policy of different gov
ernments." The responsibility existed,
he declared, as the burden of all and
each should hear his share instead of
trying to shift the blame to a neighbor.
He defended autonomy as "granted to
Cubr ' generously, under the friendly
advice of the powers, in order to de
prive the Americans of a pretext to fo
n.er' discontent and rebellion, and
challenged a ect -« . - confidence,
declaring the Government would resign
if it was not carried.
Autonomy. he maintained, had
achie.ed consideration and improved
the economic situation. He pointed, as
*. proof of its succesp above all others,
Seizure of the French Steamship Lafayette, off Havana.
THE SPANISH FLEET IS
NOT AT THE CANARIES
NEW YORK, May 6.— ln view of the great Im
portance of locating the Spanish fleet that left
Cape de Verde last Friday morning, the Herald
has succeeded in obtaining information that proves
that up to last Wednesday the fleet had not ar
rived at the Canary Islands. The Herald-Call's
correspondent cables as follows:
"FUNCHAL, Madeira Islands, May 6.— Advices
received from Teneriffe, dated May 4, report that
there are no Spanish warships in the Canaries."
The dispatches also say there is no excite
ment whatever in the Grand Canaries.
to the "loyal friendship and ssistance
of the Cubans in the present war
against the United States."
With regard to the question of un
preparedness, Senor Moret candidly
confessed that he had not believed un
til the very last war would come, as
he considered the Americans were "in
capable of attacking Spain without the
slightest cause," bjut "when convinced
that the United States was bent upon
despoiling Spain, then with the entire
Cabinet he seriously prepared to re
pel an unjust attack, purchasing and
fitting out warships and procuring war
material irrespective of cost," resolv
ing to "make a strong stand and con
verting a peace-lovir- people into a
warlike cabinet."
In pathetic terms Senor Moret cleared
himself of the charges of a press which
was, he said, "trying to load all the
sins of the nation" upon him. He as
serted that he yielded to .ione in pat
riotism and was always acting to se
cure what he thought best for his coun
try's welfare. In conclusion he ap
pealed to the patriotism of the na
tion and the chamber to "assist and ad-
vise the Government in its defense of
the rights and honor of Spain," a task
which was "the work of all, with the
collective after responsibility of the
Minister to the Cortes and the nation."
Senor Moret resumed his seat amid
thunders of applause, deputies crowd
ing around him, loading him with con
gratulations.
In the Senate Senor Puigierver refused
any explanations as to the war inten-
tions of the Government. In reply to
a question whether measures had been
taken in view of the industrial crisis
due to the diminution of the stock of
coal, he said the Government was in
quiring into the question, and if neces
The San Francisco Call
sary would prevent the exportation of
coal.
In the Congress, Senor Capdopon,
Minister of the Interior, asked the Dep
uties to suspend Judgment as to the
Manila engagement until detailed re
ports had been received.
CALIFORNIA HAS
NOTHING TO FEAR.
War Department Officials Say This
Coast Is in No Danger
Whatever.
WASHINGTON. May 6.— Senator
White was at the War Department
again to-day to see General Greely,
Chief Signal Officer, and urged that a
cable be laid to the Farallon Islands.
The matter was taken under advise
ment. It may be said, however, that
despite Senator White's urging the War
Department officials fail to see the util
ity of such a calle. They ridicule the
dispatch from Madrid, printed in this
morning's papers, to the effect that the
Spanish fleet would attack California
coast cities.
"California has nothing to fear, now
that Commodore Dewey has destroyed
the Philippine squadron, which was the
only serious menace to the Californian
cities and Pacific Coast shipping inter
ests," said a War Department official
to-day. General Miles concurs in this.
SEWELL MAY NOT
TAKE A COMMAND.
Declines a Major-Generalship if it
Means His Resignation as
Senator.
NEW YORK, May 6.— A Washington
correspondent of the Herald says: Sen
ator W. J. Sewell of New Jersey, whose
commission as major-general of volun
teers was signed by the President to
day, left for his home in Camden this
afternoon. Before leaving he said he
was still undecided about accepting the
appointment. An intimate friend of
SAN FRANCISCO, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
Senator Sewell who is in the Senator's
confidence said to me to-night:
"I don't think that Senator Sewell
will accept the place. You can state as
a positive fact that if it is necessary for
him to jrfve up /iis seat in the Senate
he will decline $he appointment. The
appointment came to Senator Sewell
without any so king in his part, and
while he !s rea^.y f.n-1 willing to serve
his country and gt> to the front if
necessary, he thinks for the present, at
least, his State has first claim an his
services. He has placed the matter in
the hands of Attorney-General Grigps,
who will look up the law and prece
dents in the case, and the Senator will
await his decision."
SCHLEY'S SQUADRON MAY
SOON BE IN ACTION.
Two Cruisers of Exceptional Fight-
ing Ability Added to His Ships
of War.
ON BOARD the flagship Brooklyn,
off Fort Monroe, Old Point Comfort,
Va., May 6. — To-day's developments on
the flying squadron would seem to in
dicate that Commodore Schley, one of
the best strategists and most daring
men in the navy, will be given a
chance for action within a few days.
The cruiser Minneapolis arrived here
this afternoon at 5 o'clock, and
the New Orleans will be here early
in the morning. These additions
make a squadron of exceptional
fighting ability. The New Orleans
as a fighting ship is superior to
the Columbia, which was detached, and
the Scorpion with her splendid arma
ment helps to fill out a squadron that
will give a good account of itself.
The Minneapolis was ordered to New
port News for coal immediately upon
her arrival and will be coaled to-night.
Flag Lieutenant Sears ordering a
hurry job. If the New Orleans gets
here to-morrow she will be coaled im
mediately and with the addition of the
tug Fowler as a water boat and the
collier just attached the flying squad
ron will be complete.
AGAIN APPEALS TO
AUSTRIA'S EMPEROR.
Spain's Queen Regent Not Yet With-
out Hope of Europe Inter
vention.
LONDON, May 6.— The Vienna cor
respondent of the Daily Jail says:
"The Spanish Queen Regent has again
appealed to Emperor Francis Joseph to
use his Influence In favor of European
intervention. Count Goluchowskl, the
Austrian Foreign Minister, has ad
dressed a note to the powers on the
subject. I understand that but for
England's pro-American attitude ser
tain European powers would have
openly sided with Spain before the war
broke out."
The Copenhagen correspondent of the
Daily Mail says: "Baron Wedel-Jarts
berg, the Scandinavian Minister at
Madrid, telegraphs that Spain intends
to protest to the powers against the
infringement against the international
law in America's failure to make the
Cuban blockade effective."
CRUISER DUBOURDIEU
ARRIVES AT HAVANA.
Carries the Admiral of the French
Fleet of Warships in the
Antilles.
HAVANA. May 6.— This morn tag
about 11 o'clock El Morro was signaled
by a French warship, and at 12:45 p. m.
the second-class cruiser Dubourdieu.
from Martinique, entered the harbor.
She carries the admiral of the French
fleet in the Antilles.
When the Dubourdieu passed the
American squadron the cruiser Mont
gomery hoisted -n Italian flag, but
when the mistake was discovered she
promptly hoisted the French flag,
whereupon the Dubourdieu answered
her salute.
At 4:30 this afternoon the commander
of the Dubourdieu, accomanied by the
French Consul, visited General Blanco.
The Entire Fleet of the Dons at
Manila Destroyed, With No
Loss on the Ameri
can Side.
NEW YORK, May 7.— The New York World, in an
extra just issued, publishes a dispatch from Hongkong to
the effect that the dispatch-boat McCulloch has arrived
there bringing the news of the fight at Manila.
The report states that the entire fleet of eleven Spanish
vessels was totally destroyed and that 300 Spaniards were
killed and 400 wounded.
No lives were lost on the American fleet and but six
persons were injured, while no material injury was done to
any of the American vessels.
WASHINGTON, May 7. — The Navy Department has
received a cablegram from Hongkong announcing the ar
rival there of the revenue cutter McCulloch.
This is the only information received, but the Depart
ment expects advices within the next three or four hours. .
AMERICAN EMBASSY
AT PARIS UNDER
POLICE PROTECTION
LONDON, May 7. — Special dispatches from Paris say
the seizure of the steamer Lafayette has intensified the bit
ter feeling against the United States. Angry expressions are
heard, and the United States Embassy has been placed un
der special police protection in view of a possible hostile
demonstration.
Copyrighted. IS9S, by James Gordon Bennett, j
KEY WEST, Fla., May 6.— The
French liner Lafayette of St. Nazaire,
for Havana and Brazilian ports, was
to-day brought to this port, a prize,
by the gunboat Wilmington. The La
fayette was heading into Havana
when hove to by a shot from the
gunboat Annapolis. The vessel has
a general cargo and carried a large
number of passengers. Her comman
der made a vigorous protest against
the seizure of his ship.
The capture took place yesterday
afternoon, and was made close
enough to Havana for it to have been
witnessed by the signal men on
Morro Castle. It was about 3 o'clock
when smoke was descried to the
northward, and a few minutes after
the first smudge had been seen the
gunboat Annapolis, which had been
cruising to the eastward off Havana,
swung her dow to the northward
and went driving in the direction of
the smoke. Away on her port beam
the Herald-Call's fleet -ispatch-boat,
Dewey, had also sighted tne quarry,
and went scampering to the north
ward, anxious to see the meeting be
tween the inward bound steamer and
the blockading men-of-war. The in
comer hove her masts and then her
bright red funnels into view, and as
her long black hull rose above the
horizon I noticed a stir among the
other ships of the blockading squad
ron, most of whom had run down to
the' westward to participate in the
capture of a small coasting schooner.
To me the incomer looked as if she
might be an armed transport, and I
suppose she appeared the same to the
blockaders. At any rate they quick
ly deserted the schooner and came
racing toward the Annapolis with
throttles open and crews at quar
ters, ready and eager to render as
sistance in case their consort was
overmatched.
There was dead silence for a while
as the ships neared their common
goal, and then there came a spurt of ]
flame and drift of smoke from the |
bow gun of the Annapolis.
The stranger was plainly jn sight,
and the "bone of his mouth" grew
j none the smaller as the deep boom of
j the discharge went rolling over the
waters.
There was another flash and re
port, and I saw a small geyser rise
I near the bow of the steamer as if she
had flung an inverted cataract in the
air. At any rate the steamship came
to a sudden stop, and tne Annapolis,
ranging abeam, lowered a boat and
sent an officer .to investigate the
character of the vessel.
The three warships lay by until
the boat from the Annapolis started
i back from the liner to the gunboat.
j Then, suddenly, to the astonishment
Jof all on board the warships, the
Frenchman blew a long whistle and
put on full steam ahead, pointing
straight to the entrance of Havana
! harbor.
The after gun of the Annapolis
forthwith sent a mandatory message
| which the French captain must have
i plainly comprehended, for he stopped
I his ship immediately and followed
with the order to back.
A string of signal flags in the
: international code went fluttering to
I the mast head of th_ Annapolis.
j These supplemented the oraer of the
i gun, and in their volapuk of the sea
: warned the captain that he must re
main hove to until bidden to depart
! in peace, otherwise he might go in
| pieces.
Then ensued a long wait, during
; which time the ships of the blockad
; ing fleet held commune with each
I other by means of signal flags, mega
| phones and the wigwag code. The
i final result was that the Lafayette
j and her hostages were heided for
| Key West, with the Wilmington in |
| her wake to see that she traveled in
! a straight path and over the road
! called rough by those who traverse it :
in dispatch boats.
The Lafayette is a fine vessel of
the old type. She is 344 feet long,
j has forty -four feet beam and is twen
4:15 A. I
PRICE FIVE CENTS.
ty-eight feet deep. She was built in
1864, at Greenock, of iron.
THE SEIZURE WAS
ALL A MISTAKE.
It Had Been Stipulate! Before Slia
Sailed tfhat the Lafayette Could
Ent~-r Havana Harbor.
KEY WEST, Fla., May 6.— Tha
Lafayette was released and sailed
just before port closed to-night. Thia
was done in accordance with impera
tive instructions from Washington.
She was not attended by United
States warships. She headed straight!
for Havana, bearing passports that
permit her to enter. Captain Do
Chaplaine told the pilot who took the
Lafayette through tlie channel that
the Americans daied not hold a
French vessel, and seemed greatly
elated at his release.
The capture of the Frenchman by
the gunboat Annapolis turns out to
have been an unfortunate incident,
resulting from mistakes, but no pro
test has bsen made to the representa
tives of the French Government in
the United States.
The officials here declare that thia
will close the affair. It appears that
before the Lafayette sailed for Ha
vana, the French legation in Wash
ington was instructed to communi
cate with the State Department. This
was done and permission granted to
the steamer to enter and discharge
her passengers and cargo with tho
understanding that she would taka
on nothing there. Instructions for
the fulfillment of this agreement
were sent from Washington to Ad
miral Sampson's squadron, and it
was only learned to-day, after the
capture was made, that they were
never delivered.
This afternoon United States Com
missioner Otto, United States Dis
trict Attorney Stripling and a num
ber of other Federal officials went
over to the Lafayette, examined her
papers and cabled the State Depart
ment for instructions. These cams2
SPAIN'S FLAG
FLOATS OVER
FIREBAUGH
Castiliao Cutthroats Hoist the
Colors QY)d Defy AmericaQS
to Remove Them.
STOCKTON, May 6.— News that defiant Spaniards had hoisted the
colors of the enemy at Firebaugh was received at Tracy this afternoon
and transmitted to the authorities here. Arrogant truck gardeners, lit
tle counting the probable cost of their treasonable conduct, raised the
hated colors of the Land of the Butcher and American sentiment was
i.ot strong enough in the immediate vicinity to replace them with the
Stars and Stripes.
Firebaugh is in old settlement on the upper San Joaquin River and
has always remained und.r Spanish dominance. Since the war began
a cut-throat element has terrorized the place, but it committed no
overt act until to-day, when it procured the banner of tyranny and
blood and raised it on the highest flagpole in the place, making threats
against any one who offered objections. All day long and at last re
ports the emblem of the crumbling kingdom .waved defiance to the
nation in which the ignorant wretches enjoy liberty and protection.
The people of Tracy are much incensed and t"~e act may bring
severe retribution upon its authors before morning. It is proposed to
burn the Spanish flag and make all suspicious characters in the place
salute the American flag or go elsewhere.
Tho railroad men at Tracy are American to the core, and their
justice may be r >re severe than the Spaniard lticipaie.
To-day's demonstration will cause the authorities to urge the re
cruiting of military compa~i^s as soon as the prese t ones are sworn
into the United States service, as several settlements in this section
may require protection f-om ill-advise' Spanish settlers.
without delay, in the form of an
order to Commodore Watson.
Of the 168 passengers on board the
Lafayette 78 are for Havana, nearly
all being young Spaniards, who say
they are going to Cuba to engage in
mercantile pursuits. One Cuban was
aboard who was returning to join
the insurgent army. He was ban
ished from t^e island several months
ago, but came within the terms of
General Blanco's armistice just be
fore the war began. He was over- j
joyed when told that he would be
taken with the regular Jnited States
troops when they moved. The local
Junta took him in charge, and he
leaves for Tampa to-night. The Unit
ed States authorities who examined
the Lafayette to-day say that so far
v the ship's manifest goes she car
ries no contraband of war, but with
such an immense cargo it was impos
sible to make a thorough -nspection.
They saw nothing in the nature of
arms or ammunition on board. Her
release constitutes the first official
act of Commodore Watson in his new
command of this division of Admiral
Sampson's fleet. He arrived on the
Olivette to-day and immediatelywent
on board the cruiser Cincinnati, where
he hoisted his flag. The ships in the
harbor boomed a commodore's salute
of eleven guns this afternoon. This
customary act of courtesy to a new
commanding officer had a distressing
effect on the Lafayette's passengers.
The Federal officials were diningwith
Captain Chapleta at the tim^. and
suddenly found themselves in the
midst of a panic. The Spaniards
yelled that the enemy had opened
fire, and they scampered about the
decks tc find places of shelter. Some
of them burst frantically into the
captain's cabin and begged the Ameri
cans to save their lives. One Mexi
can woman, wife of a Spaniard, was
seized with a spasm when the An- '
napolis held up the Lafp.yette yes
terday, duplicated that performance
when the salute was fired, and for
some time it was feared her life was
in danger.
St. Paul's Parishioners.
Last evening the gentlemen of St. Paul's
parish assembled at their hall and ar
HOW DEWEY'S DISPATCHES WILL COME.
Manila is connected with Hongkong by overland wire to Balinao Cape and thence by cable across the China
Sea. This having been cut Commodore Dewey will send his dispatches by steamer to Mirs Bay, whence they will
go by steam launch as quickly as possible to the cable station near Victoria, Hongkong, for transmission to the
United States via Singapore, Bombay, Port Said. Gibraltar and London.
ranged for the annual excursion and re
union of the parishioners. . William R.
Gillogley was elected president and Wil
liam T. Breen orator of the day. The ex
cursion will take place on May 30 to El
Campo. The committee fixed the rates
for the round trip and admission to the
grounds at a low figure, thus extending
to all the people of ,the parish the possi
bility of a glorious day's outing. Further
arrangements will be made at the next
meeting, to be held on Monday evening,
ing. _ -^______
THE LABOR COUNCIL.
Printers and Musicians Are Fighting
Antagonistic Firms.
Aside from the resolutions condemna
tory of Colonel Otis the chief business
which came before the Labor Council last
night was the report of the delegates
from the Printers' Union regarding the
strike and a report from the Musicians'
Union in relation to two firms employing
non-union musicians.
The printers r<-;>ort that everything is
going on favorably, and not only that
they hope to win. Inn they must win.
Prompt action was taken regarding the
disastrous the which wrecked the union
establishment of Francis, Valentine &
Co. l.y both printers and pressmen. The
pressmen took the tirst action. The day
following the tire a notice was sent to the
firm expressing the sympathy of the
union and stating that the union was pre
pared to provide men who. und*:r suspen
sion of rules, would willingly work day,
night or Sunday at the regular week-day
Bcale for the period of time necessary to
put the linn on its old footing again.
The Typographical Union took the same
action ,- •'..■• pressmen.
The Musicians reported that the mu
sical hall which is about to be reopened
in the location formerly occupied by the
• ■is Bella I'nlon- would employ non
union musicians, ami all union men were
notilled to keep away from the place or
suff r the usual penalties. The Golden
Clothing Company on Kearny
was also reported as having em
ployed a non-union band to advertise a
Bpecial vale, and all subordinate unions
were notified to take cognizance of this
fact.
The very interesting story of the
practical value of tne new Oakland
Training School for Children is told
in next Sunday's Call.
An Afternoon of Song.
"An afternoon of song" will be given
this afternoon by Mr. and Mrs. Willis E.
Bacheller ;:t their residence, 1417 Clay
Street. The programme will begin at half
i asi _ o'clock. Those who will take part
are: Misa Mindel F. Drey funs, Miss Flora
May Bristol, Mi^s Georgia Cousins. Miss
Mary Alverta Morse, Henry B. Monies,
Duncan L. Smith and Miss Bell Chamber
lain, accompanist.
Read the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20,009 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
THE SAN FRAIV CISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
SAN JOAQUIN`S
SOLDIER BOYS
Companies of the Valley
Are to Start on
Sunday.
Colonel Johnson of California
to Command the TWo
Battalions.
Stanford's Baseball Captain Trying to
Recruit a. Company of
Rangers.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
STOCKTON, May 6.— Colonel John
son received a telegram from San
Francisco headquarters this afternoon
ordering him to San Francisco on Bun
day evening. He will leave Stockton
on the Sunday evening boat with tive
companies, as follows: Stockton two,
Visalia, Fresno and Merced one each.
At San Francisco they will be jodned
by the BakersneU and Modesto com
panies and by Company E of Sacra
mento- Everything was ordered in
readiness this afternoon for the move.
Colonel Johnson was besieged to-day
I by officers and men who wanted to see
him on result of the call to San Fran
cisco. The Stockton officer has been
! assured of his commission to command
i the two battalions to fill out Califor
| nia's complement, and will have the
rank of. lieuten.ant colonel in the vol
i unteer service. That was decided upon
! by Governor Budd.
To-day Surgeons Fred P. Clark and
[ Dr. Bulson commenced the examina
tion of officers and men who will have
to stand the teet of the examining
board at San Francisco. The captains
want to be sure that all the men they
carry down will pass. Under the call
there will be only eighty-four men to
the company instead d the full com
plement of 103. With those who desire
to remain and those who are physically
incapacitated the ranks will be cut
down to that number.
FRESNO, May 6.— Companies C and
F received orders to-day to leave on
Sunday via the Valley Road.
PALO ALIO, May 6.— Charles M.
Fickert the reliable guard and ex-cap
tain of the varsity football eleven, is
making an attempt to raise a company
of horsemen for active service. The
troop will be called Company H, Cali
fornia Rangers. Enlistment blanks
have been sent to cowboys in the south
ern part of the State, where Fickert
is well known. A number of college
men, among whom are Track Captain
Brunton, Royce, Strohn, Fred Berry an 4.
Captain Chandler of the Stanford
emergency company, have signified
their intention of enlisting. The rang
ers will be in command of Captain Fick
ert, who is an expert horseman, pos
sessing the faculty of commanding, as
his brilliant career as a football cap
tain will attest.
PASO ROBLES, May 6.— There was a
big demonstration at Paso Robles on
Wednesday evening, when a large new
flagpole was erected. ' The stars and
stripes were raised, cannon fired, and
the crowd cheered lustily for Dewey. .
TACOMA, May 6.— About 20 per cent
of the members of the National Guard
companies thus far examined by the
surgeon at Camp Rogers have failed to
| pass on account of physical disability.
Thursday night, a meetine of the line
officers of the regiment Was held and
an expression was given by some of the
c mpany commanders that if the same
percentage of men were refused they
would take their companies home and
make no attempt to be mustered in.
The officers also agreed upon a tele
1 tcrnm which was sent to Washington
to-day asking that the examining and
j mustering officers be instructed to ad
! Mit the line officers of the regiment
i without subjecting them to the physi
cal examination.
VENTURA, May 6.— This morning
Company H, N. G. C, Captain A. W.
Browne, left by special train for San
I PYancisco. The scene at the depar
i ture was most impressive and will be
I ever remembered by those who wit
nessed it. The boys were bidden god
speed and a safe return by over 3000
4 _~.
URGES POLICY
OF IMMEDIATE
CUBAN INVASION
Secretary filler Anxious to Dis
patch the Arri)y Now Mob
ilized in the South.
NEW YORK. May 6.— A Washington special to the Herald Bays:
There is still a great difference of opinion among leaders of the
army as to the most advisable plan to be followed in invading Cuba.
The present policy, and that which is being urged by Secretary Alger,
is to send immediately the entire army of 17,000 troops, now mobilized
at extreme Southern points, over to Cuba and have them attack Ha
vana in conjunction with Admiral Sampson's fleet. There is even a
strong probability that the first detachment of these troops ha r e al
ready landed in Cuba.
«Many army officers, most prominent of whom are medical authori
ties, have advised that the grand movement against Cuba be put off
until the early fall months, when the danger from yellow fever will be
much less than it is at the present time. It is proposed by advocates of
this latter plan to have the 5000 troops now at Tampa sent to Cuba in
Tetachments for the purpose of carrying supplies and ammunition to
the army of General Go- ez. They claim that with the help thus af
forded by the United States the insurgents will be amply able to hold
their ground until such time as the Government shall decide that it
is safe to send a large army against Havana.
In discussing the plans all officers of the War Department are In
clined to believe that the movement will not be put off, but that the
original policy of immediately taking Havana will be followed, if the
future operations show that the army is running too much danger
from yellow fever the troops will be withdrawn from Cuba and 10,000
immunes will be sent to assist the insurgents. Colonel Wood of the
Mounted Riflemen will stay on Cuban territory, no matter how great
the risk.
persons. A long procession esconeu
the company from Armory Hall to the
depot, including a band, fraternal so
cieties, school children and citizens.
The company marched between a long
file of school children, who showered
them with bouquets and strewed their
path with flowers. There was firing
of cannon, ringing of bells and blow
ing of whistles. This is the banner
company of the regiment. The men
are the pick of over 200 of Nordhoff,
Hueneme and Ventura. All are extra
large and powerful men.
Company E of Santa Paula also left
this morning. It was given a fare
well by the entire population of Santa
Paula and vicinity.
PORTLAND, Or., May 6.— Captain
Kendall, U. S. A., began mustering in
to the regular service the Oregon Na
tional Guard to-day. About 40 per cent
of the men examined to-day were re
jected by the medical exeminer. Gov
ernor Lord to-night telegraphed the
War Department asking that the regu
lations be modified. It is understood
that one battalion of the Oregon, Na
tional Guard will be sent to San Fran
cisco next Wednesday.
ARKANSAS RIVER
IS ON A RAMPAGE.
Lives Lost, Farms Inundated and a
Nur ber of Dwellings Swept
Away.
LITTLE ROCK, Ark., May 6.— The Ar
kansas River is on a rampag", and has
left its banks, doing Incalculable damage
to property and causing the loss of an un
known number of lives. The situation is
growing worse ev«?ry hour. The Verdi-
Kris, and Illinois are rushing great tor
rents into the Arkansas. At Van Buren
miles of country are inundated, farms in
some instances being eight feet under
water.
Several farmhouses have b»en swept
away above Little Rock, and in one in
stance an entire family were drowned.
Below the city the situation is very
alarming and many of the big cotton
plantations have already sustained heavy
damage. Tho levee opposite Grady, in
Lincoln County, has broken and the town
is threatened with destruction.
A boat sent down the river to rescue
the people living along the river below
Pine Bluffs was unable to make the re
turn trip. About 100 people wtre rescued.
At one place the rescuers learned that
a family of four were entirely cut off by
the water an . were in great danger, but
they could not be rescued on account of
the swift current.
"Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full stories told in next Sunday's
Call.
DORAN NERVOUS.
The Contractor for the Seats Blames
the Management.
T. F. Doran, the contractor who had
charge of the erection of seats In the
Pavilion, was seen shortly after the
stands supporting the chairs had col
lapsed, lit- was In a highly nervous con
dition and his features were drawn with
anxiety. In speaking about the unlooked
for accident, he said:
"I claim right now that when the man
agement allowed these people to go upon
my structure it was accepted. Mr.
O'Shauphnessy was In the Pavilion all
day overlooking the work. He ordered me
to put on extra braces where it was nec
essary, which I did. He told me to put
on extra bracing in the gallery, but he
did not go up there to see whether I had
followed out his instructions. I know I
am up against it awful hard. For the
past few years I have had charge of the
carpentering work for the various clubs,
but this is the first time an accident has
occurred. There would not have been
one had the management not allowed an
overcrowding. I contracted to seat a
certain number of people, and was to re
ceive $1125. The contract was for 6000 seats
downstairs and 4000 in the gallery. I car
ried out my contract to the full extent of
my ability. They simply overcrowded the
structures and they could not stand the
excessive weight.
"In constructing the seating arrange
ment I left aisles on the main floor, so
that people possessing side seats could
pass, but instead of going to their rightful
seats the holders of such tickets rushed
on to the raised seats, making them sus
tain double weights. The management
was responsible for this, but I did not
warn it because I thought my structures
were perfectly safe.
"I was to receive my money right after
the preliminary event had been decided,
but have not as yet been paid. I have not
asked for it, because I don't suppose they
would give it to me. li I don't get it I
can't tell at present what I shall do.
"I told them I would be through with
my work yesterday, but unforeseen de
lays prevented me from finishing It. We
rushed the work In the afternoon up to
the time the doors were opened. I was
compelled to put in extra bracing and ex
tra timber by order of the Fire Marshal,
and he warned me that he would not al
low the fight to proceed if I did not obey
him.
"A great many people told me not to
say anything to the reporters, but as long
as I will be roasted I thought It best to
set myself straight."
Mr. Doran pointed to a tier of seats
extending ten feet high, and stated that
Mr. O'Shaughnessy thought it was weak,
yet it had not fallen. The reason why it
had not is that the peode did not over
crowd it. He continued: "I think the
first collapse was caused by a defective
piece of timber, and when that went down
it started other portions of the structure.
As long as these folks have paid their
money to see the fight, I think I am en
titled to what la due me. I am sorry they
did not get their moneys worth."
Convicted of Hydraulic Mining.
Ah Louis, Ah Chung and Ah Shang I
were convicted yesterday by a Jury in the
United States District Court for illegal
hydraulic mining in the old Indiana Hill ,
mine in Placer County. This was the sec
ond trial, the jury on the flrat trial hay- j
ing disagreed.
GENERALS
CONFIDENT
j Spanish Officers Think
Cuba and Porto Rico
Are Safe.
Believe Insurgents Will Be
Beaten When They Fight
in the Open.
But They Are Not So Sanguine Con
cerning the Blockade of
Cuba.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
LONDON, May 4.— The Madrid cor
respondent of the Standard says:
Many Spanish generals with consid
erable experience in Cuba, with whom
Senor Sagasta has consulted, assure
him they are confident that General
Blanco in Cuba and General Macias in
Porto Rico can hold on and make their
respective islands very uncomfortable
for the invaders as long as the sup
plies of stores and munitions of war
last, even if the Americans should
meet with some success in the bom
bardment of ports.
The Spanish generals have absolute
confidence in their ability to defeat the
insurgents, directly the latter cease
their guerrilla warfare and come Into
the open upon the plains or near the
cities. They seem equally persuaded
that their troops, seasoned with several
years of campaigning in Cuba, will also
face the Americans very creditably.
Military men like the West Indian
representatives look grave and preoc
cupied when the question of communi
cation between the colonies and Spain
and t^he duration- of the blockade is
mentioned, and they do not deny that
they think the Spanish navy must be
the principal factor in sustaining the
power of Spanish resistance to America
and th^ insurgents.
The Spanish naval reserve at Ma
nila, the singularly slow movements of
the gquadron lately at Cape Verde and
the even slower mobilization of the re
serve navy have caused much disap
pointment and exasperation all over
Spain. These feelinps are echoed by
newspapers of every shade in very se
vere articles against the Government
and the present and former Ministers
of Spain.
Seven prominent Deputies have laid
on the table of the House a motion of
censure and inquiry, showing that
Spain spent £9,000.000 in extraordinary
naval estimttes voted in 1888, and has
spent about £8,000,000 since without ad
equate results on the squadron under
Admiral Cervera, lately at Cape Verde
Islands. _^__^__________
Baseball To-Morrow.
The reorganized San Francisco team
and the San Jose aggregation will meet
at Recreation Park to-morrow. Follow
ing is the line up:
San Francisco Positton. Ean Jose.
Hammond Catcher Kent
H. Ki-ug or Pitcher Iburg
Wheeler _,
Murphy First base Hanlon
Kagan Second base Greeninger
Brockoff Third ba.se F. Foley
K. Krug Shortstop McCarthy
Hearty Left field Hanley
Monahan Center field McGuckin
Dunleavy Right field G. Foley
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Vitalize Your Blood, Overcome That
Tired Feeling. Get a bottle of
Hood's Sarsapariiki and begin to
take it TODAY, and realize the great
good it is sure to do you.
Hood's Sarsaparilla
Is America's Greatest Medicine. All druggists.
ROOSEVELT HAS
LEFT THE NAVY
Sworn In as Lieutenant-
Colonel of the Mounted
Riflemen.
Prefers to Be a Leader of
Rough Riders to the Assist
ant Secretaryship.
There Are Now Two Vacancies on
the Naval War Board, and. Cap-
tain Mahan Will Get One.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: Theodore
Roosevelt to-day formally tendered his
resignation aa Assistant Secretary of
the Navy. This action was taken prior
to the swearing in of Mr. Roosevelt as
lieutenant-colonel of the First Regi
ment of Mounted Rifleman by Adju
tant-General Corbin. While Lieuten
ant-Colonel Roosevelt naturally regrets
his departure from the Navy Depart
ment he feels that his place is with his
regiment, and he is champing at the
bit at his enforced stay in Washing
ton.
The resignation of Mr. Roosevelt will
result in his immediate detachment
from the service as a member of the
Naval War Board. Another member
of the board, who will be detached
within the next few weeks, is Captain
A. S. Barker, formerly commanding the
Oregon, who has been assigned to com
mand the cruiser New York, which will
be placed in commission on May 21,
and probably assigned to the flying
squadron.
The relief of Mr. Roosevelt and Cap
tain Barker will leave only two officers
comprising the board, Rear-Admiral
Montgomery Sicard, president, and
Captain A. S. Crowninshield, chief of
the Bureau of Navigation. Both of
these officers enjoy the full confidence
and trust of the President and Secre
tary of the Navy. Captain A. T. Ma
han, retired, is expected to arrive in
Washington within the next ten days
and his assignment to the board will
result in making that body an organi
zation upon which the country can
safely rely in the future, as in the past.
FIFTH REGIMENT
COMPANIES SCATTERED.
ATLANTA, Ga., May 6.— By orders
issued from the department of the gulf
the Fifth Infantry, U. S. A., has been
completely split. The headquarters
have been ordered to return to Atlanta.
Twi) of the companies at Tampa have
been ordered to Fort Jefferson, Dry
Tortugas; one has been sent to Galves
ton, and another to Fort Philip, near
the mouth of the Mississippi. One com
pany is now at Sullivans Island and
another at Fort St. Francis, Florida.
The other two companies remain, one
at Fort Tybee and the other at Fort
Barancas, Florida.
Under the act recently passed by
CongTess providing for the three bat
talion formation another battalion will
be recruited at Fort McPherson.
Steamship Townsend Burned.
PORT TOWNSEND. May 6.— The steam
ship Townsend was burned to the water's
edge last night while at anchor in Port
Townsend hßrbor. The cause of the fire
is unknown, as no one was on board when
it started. The Townsend was owned by
local business men, and was worth about
130,000. She rs said to be partially in
sured.
Police for the Klondike.
OTTAWA. Ont.. May 6.— The Canadian
military expedition, comprising about 200
regulars, left this city for Vancouver to
day, en route t«J the Klondike region,
to re-enforce the Canadian forces already
there.
Gladstone's Condition.
LONDON, May 6.— The bulletin Issued
at Hawarden this evening says that Mr.
Gladstone's condition is unchanged.
The latest wonder in electricity;
new and marvelous applications in
the mechanical arts; told in next
Sunday's Call.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
DEWET WANTS MANILA
(DO WE WANT MANILA?)
We want trade, business, orders,. from every direction — Klondike, Kotze-
bue, Japan, China, Korea, the Islands of the Pacific, from the States, and the
families of our own great city. We are ready to handle It in the interest of
buyers. We understand our business and watch it closely; make no short
turns or misstatements to get or hold customers, The old way of giving a
dollar's worth for a dollar suits us, and it seems to suit others. They write
to their friends all the way from Alaska to be sure to outfit with us, as
-everything they bought in February was fine.
SHOE BARGAINS. BARGAIN TABLE LOTS.
Big boys' Button Shoes; $2 50 va1ue........ 15 Starch; fine for laundry 8a
Men's Lace, Congress or Button Shoes.... 137 Clam Juice. Doxies'; 2-lb cans, best 100
Ladies' Low Shoes: size* 2*4. 3. 3V4:... ...... 25 Covered Baskets for lunch; reduced sc, 100
Ladies' Plain Toe: $3 quality; 5, 6, 7........ 75 I Splint Baskets; ought to be 5 cents lo
Ladies' Fine Tipped Kid; closing 10t5...... 75 Fish Poles: 10 feet; folding; now 5c
Stout Goat School; $1 25 value; 13%, 1,1%.. 65 Glass-Cream Pitchers; lite kind ....6c
Girls' $150 Brown Canvas; 1, 1% 50 Butter Pishes; reduced one-half sc, 100
— — Individual Butters; 50-cent kind........ 15c
DRY GOODS BARGAINS. KLONDIKE BARGAINS.
Fine 10-cent Blue Lawn: p1ain.............. 05 . ,T,, T , , — - »_,"«* .„ „«
Fine 15-cent Wool Delaine Dark.......... 04 Real J<s Hickory Sleds; few left ...» 250
Fine 13-cent Percale; 36-inch; light 05 *5« Alaska House: 12x14; handy...... 25 00
: Fine 12%-cent Dimity; closing lots 05 i *12 CO Folding Rockers; cannot be beat.... 7 50
i Fine dark or light Dress Calico :....... 04 $6 Folding Stoves; only few to close 360
! Fine 10-cent Scotch Plaids; pretty 05 $1 Pocket Dispensaries; reduced :.... 50
Brown or bleached Muslin; 36-inch 05 Desiccated Potatoes; Thompson s extra.. 08
- « ■.-.•..- . . - Imported Condensed Eggs; $1 50 value. ■1 00
i Infants' Vests: 23c grade; small sizes...... 05 Butter Oil; In tins; a fine article 25
! Ladies' Sleeveless Vests; fair quality...... 10 Baking Powder: 12 grades; per pound — 10c up
Muslin Underwear; nicely made. 23 Mackinaw Heavy Wool Coats $175 up
Little Girls' Frocks; latest styles 35, 50 No such place on the Continent for supplies.
, We plan to give the best values in all classes of goods.
We sell for cash and have no losses to meet or make good.
We praise ourselves through the fine values we turn out each day.
Call at : the Home dining-room connected with the store for lunch. V
. Advertisements cost money; we can say very little about bargains. 1
S- The Li vest and Liveliest Store in the City
MMM JSk «■/ All car lines terminate here. 7 big floors bulging
•IMEaI k -*rjßK*&**U J with goods at retail to consumers everywhere- for cash
'^OhMriOl only.-44-page list ready. Send for it. Wo guarantee
V^SJO sP^^ all the goods we sell.'; Liberality our motto.. The stop*
._^^ that deals honestly with all the people— all" the time."
25-27 MARKET STREET, S. F.
EMBARKATION
OF THE TROOPS
Steamers Ready to Take
the Regulars From
Tampa.
Rations for Seven Thousand
Men for Thirty Days Will
Arrive To- Day.
Major-General Coppinger Reports to
Washington to Receive Fin«l
Instr uc tions.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
TAMPA, Fla., May 6.— Preparations
for the embarkation of the United
States troops are rapidly being com
pleted, and seven of the transports
to be used in carrying the soldiers and
their horses and supplies to Cuba are
now at Port Tampa. They are the
Comal, Allegheny, Berkshire. Florida,
Gussie, Decatur and H. Miller, the last
named arriving 10-uuy from Baltimore.
Nearly all of the ships have been given
a full supply of coal. The Florida.
Berkshire and Allegheny had a large
force of carpenters working on them
all day erecting stalls for the accommo
dation of the cavalry and artillery
horses and mules, and will be in readi
ness for loading to-morrow.
Rations enough for 7000 for thirty
days are expected to arrive to-morrow.
In spite of the intense heat, the men.
were given long drills to-day. They
are rapidly becoming acclimated, and
when the time comes for the shipment,
as bronzed and trained lot of men as
ever shouldered guns will break* camp
and embark.
MOBILE, May 6.— Major - General
Coppinger received last night instruc
tions to report to the adjutant-general
at Washington for Instructions. He
left the city this afternoon at 5 o'clock
for St. Louis in the private car of Pres
ident Russell of the Mobile and Ohio
Railroad.
He was accompanied by Assistant
Adjutant General George and First
Lieutenant Thompson, on special duty,
and by First Lieutenants Grote, Hutch
inson and Alexander and Second Lieu
tenant Stanley aids-de-camp. Briga
dier General Snyder is now in com
mand. Colonel J. H. Page of the Third
commands the First Brigade and Brig
adier General H. S. Hawkins the Sec-
ond Brigade.
CHICKAMATJGA NATIONAL PARK.
Ga., May 6.— The Twenty-fifth In
fantry left this afternoon at 3 o'clock
for Tampa, in command of Colonel
Burt, who, though officially notified of
his appointment as a brigadier In the
volunteer army, was ordered to ac
company his regiment south.
Other regiments now in camp have
b?e*n ordered to rid themselves of all
heavy equipments of every sort and
hold themselves in light marching or
der. No orders for movement came to
day, but it is stated on good authority
that all but two regiments will be sent
south within the next week <>r ten days.
Murder at Mobile Camp.
MOBILE, Ala., May 6.— A tragedy oc
curred at the regular army camp to
night. Sergeant Crowley of Company A,
Third Infantry, was shot ojid killed by
a private of the Nineteenth, whom ho
was trying to arrest for drunkenness.
KNIGHTS OF THE MACCABEES.
On the evening of Tuesday, April 26,
Golden West Tent had one of its best
attended and most enthusiastic meetings
of the year in Washington Hall. A num
ber of matters of importance were taken
up and discussed and arrangements were
made for giving a grand ball at a date
to be fixed. The prospects are that this
tent will soon have a boom in member
ship.
A communication from Supreme Com
mander D. P. Markey was read, and it
draws attention to the fact that patriot
ism being one of the fundamental princi
ples of the order, and each member hav
ing promised to "remain true to country,
order, home and friends," should any
member of the order feel it his duty to
take up arms in defense of these prin
ciples the order will remain true to its
fraternal teachings and pay all war
claims in full.
Found Dead in Bed.
Nikolas Schwartz, an invalfd from Red
lands, was found dead in bed yesterday
afternooon in the Model lodging house at
737 Mission street. The deceased came
here about a week apo for medical treat
ment, and his death is believed to be from
natural causes. An inquest will be held.MANILA
IS LOST
TO SPAIN
She Will Not Try to Re=
take the Philippine
Islands. i
War Department Ready to Send
Troops as Soon as Dewey
Says He Wants Them.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The Herald's Washington correspondent says:
None of the members of the War Board believes for an instant that
Spain will attempt to retake the Philippines. Notwithstanding the
Suez canal is open to her fleets, it was pointed out by an expert witn
whom I talked that the withdrawal of sufficient force from the Atlantic
to attempt the recapture of the Philippines would place not only Cuba
and Porto Hico, but the Canaries and Spain itself at the mercy of the
American warships on this coast. It was more probable, he said, that
the United States would send ships from the Pacific through the Suez
canal to the Mediterranean to attack Spain's Mediterranean coast than
that the Madrid Government would order its ships to retake the Philip
pines; but either contingency he thought decidedly remote.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent telegraphs:
Preparations are in active progress for
augmenting Commodore Dewey's fleet
at Manila, while the authorities are
anxiously awaiting for tidings which will
determine how much, if any, assistance
he will need. Hopeful of good news,
the official mind will not be at ease un
til Commodore Dewey has been heard
from. Upon the recommendation of the
Xaval War Board, Secretary Long has
informed the War Department that the
cruiser Charleston, which has been
placed in commission at Mare Island,
will be the man-of-war to convoy the
troopship to Manila.
Secretary Algcr will therefore deter
mine the date of the departure of the
cruder with expedition from Mare
Island. As the Herald stated this morn
ing, it is proposed by the War Depart
ment to place at least a regiment of in
fantry on board the City of Peking,
which is expected to sail from San Fran
cisco for Manila about May i.v The
City of Peking, besides carrvine a ma
chine shop for the repair of the con
quered vessels of the Spanish men-of
will take a large amount of ammu
nition, as follows: Fifty rounds for
each eight-inch gun. fiity rounds for
each six-inch gun, 100 rounds for each
five-inch gun. 300 rounds for each one
and six pounder.
In accordance with instructions
from Washington. General Merriam,
who will command the military expedi
tion, has been collecting a formidable
force at San Francisco, and it is ex
pected that it will be ready to sail by
the time the City of Peking and other
steamers to be acquired are in condition
to depart. Of course much of what is
being done is preliminary in character
and will not take actual effect until
Commodore Dewey is heard from.
While maintaining a hopeful view of the
situation and believing Commodore
Dewey is its master, the authorities pri
vately admit that they will not get down
from the anxious bench until he has
wired them details of his action upon
the Spanish fleet and upon Manila.
Before Commodore Dewey sailed
from Hongkong on Sunday a week ago
Secretary Long cabled him asking him
to make arrangements for keeping in
continuous communication with the de
partment, and it is believed he arranged
with Consul Wildman at Hongkong to
OFFICERS MUST
HAVE MERIT
McKinley Will Not Select
Men Who Have No
Experience.
Provision of the Sinews of War
a Serious Subject Considered
by the Cabinet.
There Is a F«ar That the Senate Will
Leave Out the Bond Provision
in the Revenue Bill.
Special Plspatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 6.
Besides the war situation in its gen
eral aspect, there was some discussion
at the Cabinet meeting to-day of the
relative merits of the persons seeking
brigadier-generalships and other com
missions in the army. The President
expressed himself very pronouncedly
as opposed to the appointment to such
responsible positions of those who have
had no military experience.
One feature of the session was a dis
cussion of the attitude of the Senate in
providing the "sinews of war" for de
fraying the expenditures of the war. The
President has received positive . infor
mation that the Senate Committee on
Finance, which is still struggling with
the war revenue bill, will report that
measure with the bond feature elimin
ated. This fact is causing the adminis
tration much uneasiness and embar
rassment, and the statement is made
that the possibility of adverse action of
the full body of the Senate is a source
of much anxiety. The President laid
transmit to Washington all dispatches
which he might forward by cable or
dispatch boat. According to the ad
vices of the State Department Consul
Wildman has had nothing authoritative
from the American officer, and for the
purpose of definitely settling the situa
tion and relieving anxiety it is understood
he has sent a vessel to Manila to learn
the exact condition of affairs, and upon
its return will at once communicate with
the department.
In the meantime the authorities here
have to content themselves with watt
ing for the return of the steamer sent
by the Consul or for the receipt of a dis
patch which Commodore Dewey may
send at any moment to Honekong for
transmission to Washington. It is be
lieved in naval circles that the steamer
sent by the Consul carried to Manila the
cable instructions sent to Commodore
Dewey a few days ago by Secretary
Long, which were exclusively an
nounced in the Herald at the time.
It is estimated by the officials ' that
some information should have reached
them from Manila by this time. The
attack and destruction of the Spanish
fleet occurred on Sunday morning, and
the bombardment of Manila occurred
twenty-four hours later, in accordance
with the terms of Commodore Dewey's
ultimatum. It was presumed that this
bombardment was a matter of a com
paratively short time, and was over by
Monday night or Tuesday morning. The
only fortifications then left to prevent
the progress of a dispatch boat were
those at the mouth of the harbor. As
Commodore Dewey found no difficulty
in passing these fortifications on Sun
day without discovery, it is not believed
in naval circles that a dispatch boat
would have any difficulty in getting out.
It is sixty hours' run from Manila to
Hongkong, so that information ouerht
to have been received at the British
port this morning.
"I don't see any cause for anxiety."
said a prominent official to me this af
ternoon. "Commodore Dewey. mark
my words, wants to do the thing in the
style that he has selected. He does not
want to be bothered by instructions
from Washington, because Washington
does not know his position and he
might be embarrassed by what is sent
him from here. He's all right, and
when he thinks proper he will communi
cate with Secretary Long."
before the Cabinet the information he
had as to what is to be looked for from
the Senate, and while not expressing
absolute confidence in favorable action
by the Senate with the bond feature
reincorporated, expressed the hope
that there would be a satisfactory ma
jority for the bond provision.
Should it not become a part of the
law many urgent appropriations for
the war will have to be held back. The
money to be secured from bond sales,
it is reported, is needed imperatively
for the execution of the plans mapped
out, and adverse action by the Senate
would be likely to interfere unless the
money is otherwise provided, and by
as speedy method as the issuance of
bonds.
The administration is anxious to im
press this fact upon Congress in order
that ample revenues may be at hand
for a vigorous prosecution of the war.
There was considerable gratification
evident at the session at the general
war outlook.
There was a strong belief that the
Spanish fleet, instead of sailing across
the seas to intercept the Oregon or to
come over into the waters^near home to
begin operations, would be found event
ually to be now progressing for some
point closer its own possessions on the
other side of the pond. While there is
great reliance on the part of all the
members of the administration on the
subject, there is excellent authority
for the statement that the instructions
of Admiral Sampson give him great
latitude.
THE TEMERARIO HAS
ARRIVED AT MONTEVIDEO.
Spanish Residents of That City Give
the Dynamite Gun Vessel an
Enthusiastic Reception.
Ccryrlgrhted, IS9B, by James Gordon Bennett.
BUENOS AYRES, May 6.— The Her
ald correspondent in Montevideo, Uru
guay, sends word that the Spanish
torpedo-gunboat Temerario has arrived
there. When she reached port the
Spanish residents of the city gave her
an enthusiastic reception. Word comes
from the Herald's correspondent in Rio
Janeiro, Brazil, that after a conference
with the President the Minister of the
Navy sent orders to the authorities of
northern states to prevent any viola
tion of Brazilian neutrality in case of
an encounter between American and
Spanish vessels in Brazilian waters.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CAL.L, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
SEVENTH REGIMENT
OFF TO THE WAR
Twenty Thousand People at Los An
geles Give the Southern Calif ornians
a Rousing Send=O¥f.
LOS ANGELES, May 6.— The farewell of citizens of Los Angeles to the officers and men of the Seventh
Regiment, which was extended this morning, was a kaleidoscope of color, a mixture of laughter, joy, sorrow, de
votion to duty, lofty patriotism and self-abnegation. The scene was one never to be forgotten by those who beheld
it. People by thousands turned out to bid the citizen soldiers of the Sevent'i godspeed on their journey. Their
pathway from the armory to the depot was strewn with flowers. The sidewalk and the streets up to the very line of
march were banked with enthusiastic and admiring masses. Old and young, men and women who had witnessed
departures of a similar nature in '6i, were on hand. Buildings were decorated. All business, public and private, was
suspended for half a day.
And the soldiers! They showed the true warrior spirit. There were some to whom the musket was still an
unknown quantity, whose head stooped from the severe perpendicular which comes only as a result of the trying
"setting up" process that they will get at the Presidio or on board the troop ship.
The city men swung along with alert step and slight, nervous figures; the country companies from Red
lands, Pomona and elsewhere were of men of heavier build, and kept their step in a more phlegmatic manner, but the
faces of all, whether smiling or set, showed sternness and capacity for daring and doing that proved to the most
casual observer that these were worthy scions of the heroes of Bunker Hill, Chapultepec and Shiloh.
There were boys and men in the ranks, going into the unknown, away from all that their hearts clung to, aban
doning their life careers, braving the greatest terror and horror the world has ever known — for there have never
in the past been battles like the ones to come, in dreadfulness and destruction — all for the love of the colors that floated
above them and for what those colors stand for.
From daylight until the hour of departure the armory was astir with hasty preparations for the long march.
By 9 o'clock the streets on both sides of it were closely crowded. The iron gates at the foot of the stairway were
guarded by a couple of soldier boys, and the sidewalk was kept clear by a good-natured detail. The men began to
arrive by 8 o'clock, and poured in for an hour from all directions. Nearly every one carried a bouquet presented not
long before, as could be seen in the solemn soldier face.
Of tourse there were red eyes and white handkerchiefs; mothers, wives and sweethearts gazed through their
tears from all sides at the retreating forms as the boys went up the stairs for their last preparations. As they came
down and before they fell in line for the first real march in their lives there was many a pathetic parting, and, to
look at the older women, many a heart-break, for the mothers remembered another leave-taking thirty-seven years
ago.
At 10:15 o'clock the procession began to move. First came a platoon of police, thirty officers. The Catalina
band had the right of the line. Grand Marshal R. H. Herron was on foot. His aids were Messrs. Max Meyberg.
John C. Cline and R. W. Pridham. The latter had as assistants F. I. Herron. Robert T. See and E. V. Sutton. The
City Councilmen and county officials followed the grand marshal. The Merchants' and Manufacturers' Association
headed by the officers and board of directors turned out 300 strong and made a grand showing with its uniform, tri
colored badges and flags.
All the Los Angeles members of the Native Sons were out in force, while Pasadena, Redlands and Riverside
sent delegations. The Native Sons carried the national banner at the head of their line, with color guards.
Then came members of the Chamber of Commerce, headed by the officers of the organization, who carried the
colors, and were followed by representatives of the Board of Trade. About 2^o men represented these two organiza
tions, marching four abreast. A brass band preceded the Jonathan Club, each club member carrying a flag.
The first volunteers of Southern California, with 150 men in line, followed the club men. The State Normal
School delegation. 100 strong, came next, followed by the local Fire Department. A brass band headed 500 High
School pupils. The Knights Templar drill corps, thirty strong, followed, with 200 Knights of Maccabees, 100 mem
bers of the Americus Club of Pasadena and about 1000 veterans #of the Civil War.
Then came the Seventh Regiment, with Brigadier General Last at the head of the column, accompanied by his
staff.
At the depot a crowd of 20,000 people gathered. Amid great cheering and a tremendous display of enthusiasm
the train pulled out, and the Seventh Regiment had gone to the war.
BAKERSFIELD, May 6. — Private Prine of Company C fell from the train two miles from Saugus and suf
fered concussion of the brain. Prine is being taken along on the train. He was resting easily at a late hour.
WILL FULFILL
ALL ITS DUTIES
Emperor William Tells of
the Stand of Germany
as to the War.
On the Other Hand Commerce
and Navigation Are to Be
Duly Protected.
The Kaiser Also Speaks With Satis
faction of the Footholds Secured
in the Far East.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
BERLIN, May 6.— The ceremony of
closing tly session of the Reichstag
took place to-dVy in the White Haji of
the Royal Castle. The Emperor in the
speech from the throne, after referring
to the fruitful legislative results of the
session, including the increases of the
I army and navy, "whereby the peaceful
security of the empire and an increased
guarantee of the maintenance of Euro
pean peace have been secured," em
\ phasized the pacific character of the
! German foreign policy, "while at the
i same time vigorously protecting Ger
i man rights."
Referring to the war between Spain
and the United States, his Majesty
said:
"The Government will fully fulfill the
duties involved by its neutral position,
but, on the other hand, will protect,
so far as possible, German navigation
and commerce from molestation or in-
In regard to the Chinese question the
Emperor said:
"The dispatch of a squadron to Kiao
chau to demand atonement for the
blood of German missionaries made it
possible to satisfy our long cherished
and fully just desire to obtain footholds
in Eastern Asia capable of commercial
development and military defense. This
has been accomplished by a friendly
understanding with China and with
out disturbance of the relations be
tween Germany and other states."
After alluding to the settlement of the
Greek finances the speaker said it was
the earnest endeavor of the Emperor
and his federal allies to promote the
economic development of the empire,
mitigate the burdens of agriculturists
and assure the security and expansion
of trade and navigation.
His Majesty concluded by thanking
the Reichstag for the discharge of its
"Important duties."
OBJECT TO THEIR
COMMANDING OFFICERS.
DENVER, May 6.— A sensation was
caused in military circles to-day when
Companies A and C of the First Regi
ment of the National Guard voted not
to enlist in the new consolidated regi
ment of volunteers because they object
to the officers appointed by the Gdver
nor to command them. Twenty of the
seventy-three members of Company A,
which is from Denver, finally con
sented to enlist, "»ut Company C, from
Longmont, refuse! in a body. The
chaplain of the regiment was a mem
ber of Company C and will retire with
the company.
Spain's Big Floating Debt.
MADRID, May 6, 2p. m.— lt is an
nounced that the floating debt of Spain
was increased during the month of
April last by 12,244,391 pesetas.
COMPLIMENTS
OF PORTO RICO
TO THE YANKEES
Some of the Comment of the
Journals on the Island
Sampson Will Take.
Copyrighted, IS9B. by James Gordon Bennett.
SAN JUAN, Porto Rico, April 23. — I send you some examples of
Spanish compliments to their "friends over the water," as published in
some of the leading periodicals in the Island of Porto Rico:
"These dogs of English and those Yankee pigs."
"Treacherous and fraudulent pigs of Yankees."
"All the nations of Europe are friends of Spain with the one ex
ception of that grasping, ambitious and piratical England." — Botelin
Mercantil (Government organ).
"When fortune favors us in war, as it. must; when we have made
an immer ;e bonfire of that proud city of Washington and leveled New
York in the dust, we will 'place on that treacherous nation such a
heavy indemnity that they will have to sell us their wives and daugh
ters to enable them to pay it. Viva Espana." — Botelin Mercantil.
"Our fields require fertilizer. The bones of Yankees will make ex
cellent manure, and with that we will fertilize them." — El Heraldo.
"It is proposed shortly to set up a factory to make sausages from
the flesh of Yankees."— La Union.
"That could only result in filthy nastiness." — Comment of another
paper on the preceding.
NO ANNEXATION
THIS SESSION
White Says the Senate
Has No Time to Dis
cuss the Matter.
Declares the Scheme a Game
of Sugar Planters to Bull
Their Stock.
It Is Now Believed That Sampson's
Fleet Will Soon Take Posses
sion of Porto Rico.
6pedal Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 6.
Senator White said to The Call cor
respondent to-night that there was no
chance for the Hawaiian annexation
resolution to pass the Senate. "It is
merely a game of the Hawaiian sugar
planters to bull their stock, which re
cently slumped," said he. Senator
White added that the Senate would be
ready to adjourn by June 1, and there
would be no time to properly discuss
Hawaiian annexation.
The administration has massed an
other day of anxious waiting for news
from Manila. While the President and
his advisers profess a cheerful philos
ophy in discussing 1 the various theories
to account for Commodore Dewey's
silence, they are unable to conceal the
apprehension they feel lest all Is not
well with the gallant commander and
his brave sailors. The executive offi
cers of the department who are familiar
with the cable service in all parts of
the world are surprised that at Hong
kong there is no definite news of Dew
ey's fleet, for had the slowest vessel of
his squadron left Manila Wednesday
night, more than three days after the
victory over the Spanish fleet, its dis
patches would have been placed on the
wires several hours ago. Certain offi
cials who take a more cheerful view of
the situation declare that Dewey's pro
gramme has not been understood at
the department; that he is engaged in
reducing the fortifications of the Phil
ippines in detail, and that until he has
finished his work he will not only send
no word to the department but will
take no steps in looking to the restora
tion of cable communication, which
would mean the opening up of a chan
nel through which he might receive or
ders from Washington that would
prove most unwelcome in view of the
status of affairs in the islands. Vete
ran naval officers declare Dewey should
have a free hand until his great task is
completed, and are disposed to con
gratulate him on the opportunity to
work untrammeled by the directions of
superior officers.
It is confidently believed that Ad
miral Sampson's fleet will take Porto
Rico within the next forty-eight hours;
indeed, it would not be surprising to
learn at any hour that San Juan had
surrendered and that blue jackets were
policing the old Spanish towns. The
orders Sampson has received as to the
assault upon Porto Rico leave much to
his discretion, especially witL reference
to the important question as to the
whereabouts of the Spanish fleet.
Havana will not v - bombarded until
the fleet has been located, and if found
in Cuban waters not until it has been
disposed of. but the situation with ref
erence to Porto Rico is different. Its
capture presents no strategic difficul
ties nor peril to the attacking fleet, and
at the same time it is highly important
that it should be taken by our forces
to prevent the Spanish squadron from
using it as a military base. Hence
Sampson may even now be demanding
the surrender of San Juan, which lies
at the mercy of the shotted guns of his
formidable fleet.
Guarding Powder-Houses.
SACRAMENTO, May 6.— Owing to
the presence of strangers and suspi
PREPARED
TO FIGHT
THE FLEET
Admiral Sampson Awaits
the Report of Cruiser
Scouts.
If the Spanish Warships Are
Bound for Porto Rico They
Will Be Intercepted.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The Herald's
Washington correspondent sends the
following: Rear-Admiral Sampson is
now fully prepared to meet the
Spanish fleet. Though no information
has come from him, officials of the
Navy Department are confident he has
reached the sea where, with the vessels
under his command, he will await the
reports from the auxiliary cruiser
scouts, which will inform him of the lo
cation and direction of the Spanish
vessels.
One of his scouts, the St. Paul, has
been held back, and will not go to sea
until to-morrow morning. She is to be
more closely attached to the fighting
squadron than her three sister ships,
which have preceded her to sea. She
carries a much heavier armament than
some of the other scouts, and, under
command of Captain Sigsbee, she will
doubtless take a hand in the expected
battle, where her high speed would
make her particularly effective in man
euvering and cutting out and destroy
ing any of the torpedo-boat destroyers
of the enemy which might become sep
arated from the armored ships.
It is still the general belief at the
Navy Department that the Spanish
fleet is bound for Porto Rico, though
some officers are inclined to the belief
that under cover of darkness on the
first niglit out it may have turned
northward to the Canary Islands or to
Cadiz, to combine with the Cadiz fleet,
or that it may have gone southward to
the neighborhood of Cape St. Rogue to
lie in wait for the Oregon, Marietta and
Nictheroy. As time passes and no ves
sel arriving at either Funchal, Gibral
tar or Lisbon reports having sighted
the Spanish vessels, the theory that I
they have gone to the northward is
weakened. Advocates of the theory {
that the Spanish admiral has sailed j
clous characters in the town Mayor
Land and Chief of Police Dwyer have
ordered the powder houses in the out
skirts of the city guarded night and
day, and to-night men heavily armed
are watching them.
HAS RETURNED TO
SCHLEY'S COMMAND.
Again the Crack Cruiser Minneapolis
Is With the Vessels of the Fly
ing Squadron.
NEW YORK, May 6.— A Newport
News (Va.) special to the Herald says:
Again the crack cruiser Minneapolis is
under Commodore Schley's command.
The Cape Henry Signal Station report
ed her passing into Hampton Roads at
half-past 3 o'clock r.iis afternoon, and
at 5 o'clock she came to a full stop off
Old Point, and Captain Jewell signaled
Commodore Schley that it would be
necessary for him to replenish his coal
bunkers. The Minneapolis was at once
given permission to run up to Newport
News for coal, and by 6 o'clock heavily
loaded barges were alongside the cruis
er transferring fuel to her bunkers. The
cruiser will return to Old Point at day
break.
It is reported that the cruiser New
Orleans, which was expected to arrive
some time to-day, has entered Virginia
Capes, and is waiting outside until
morning to safely pass the submarine
mines. .
Bernabe and the War.
TORONTO, Ontario, May 6. — Senor
Polo de Bernabe was seen to-day re
garding the report that he has been
called to Madrid by the Spanish Gov
ADVERTISEMENTS.
ALASKOND KOTZEBUE
SOUND STEAMERS.
Johnson-Locke Mercantile Company, Agents,
"GOLD PICK LINE,"
609 MARKET STREET, SAN FRANCISCO,
for KOTZ^V^^h4^lS^S^h^^lpi,S^OOT^'a
FOR Jiui^eu^u^ ST. MICHAEL AND; DAWSON CITY.
The newly built triple ; expansion steamer, . . _, ;
"GRACE DOLLAR."
Upon arrival in ST. . MICHAEL passengers for DAWSON CITY will be trans-
erred to the newly built, highly-powered river boats and barges a "RIDE OUT, '
»GOI D STAR." "PINAFORE" and ■ others. The "GRACE * DOLLAR" then will
nroceed without delay •to KOTZEBUE SOUND, where ■ passengers will : be . disem-
bXd and placed upon the river steamer "ARCTIC BIRD" and will be given free
oassaKe up the Putnam River as far as FORT COSMOS.
The Pacific Coast and Kotzebue Sound Transportation and Trading Company
wU also maintain at KOTZEBUE SOUND a warehouse. ' -" ._, -'V-'i'
W Part°e m contemplating a trip to KOTZEBUE SOUND are strongly advised to
take passage on the "GRACE DOLLAR." She has -a - newly built triple expansion
eneine for the highest power; her bows will be sheathed so as to permit her making
hef through the breaking- ice; and the "GRACE DOLLAR" without question,
will be the flrsT vessel reaching KOTZEBUE SOUND this year.
will De May 25th-JOHNSON-LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY, Agents .
Will dispatch for DUTCH HARBOR. NUNIVAK ISLAND. HOOPER'S BAY, ST.
win aifcP* MICHAEL and DAWSON CITY, the steamship
" TILLAMOOK,"
Connecting at ST. MICHAEL " GAMEC ° CK "
Will S^S^i^^W^ o^ ll^ oo^^'^^ POINTS
. v v the magnificent steamer V
MORGAN CITY,"
: Catacity, 700 passengers and 2000 tons of freight. The ••MORGAN CITY" T connect!
» at ST. MICHAEL with the : "GAME COCK.'^-STAGHOUND » t "FOWELL," "AL-
VISO," "RIDEOUT," "GOLD STAR" and "CLAN^MACDONALD."
: Sailings of three additional ocean steamers early in June will be announced by.
us within; a few days. ' C;; .- . J --■••'"• ;■• ■ ■ _;_ ■'••••:■ -
■-.•-:;., :; Passenger and -Freight Office, -v>
, ; JOHNSON- r LOCKE MERCANTILE COMPANY, ' _ •' , ■
609 Market Street, San Francisco. ■ ■ - i 112 Yessler Way, Seattle.
: :;/. 809 Home Insurance Building, Chicago. . .
■•.■■■■ -'^nwsnßnnßDß
southward to Intercept the Oregon
think it is quite probable he will take
up a position in the neighborhood of
Fernando Noronba, a small island lying
to the northeast of Cape St. Rogue and
almost directly in the ordinary steamer
track from Rio Janeiro to the North
Atlantic Ocean.
Captain Clark was informed by cable
of all that was known here as to the
movements of the Spanish fleet. He
was given discretion as to the route by
which he should come aprth, and, while
nothing is known as to his intentions,
it is thought he will go well to the
eastward of Fernando Noronba so aa
to avoid the Spaniards if they should
be waiting for him in that neighbor
hood.
That the Spanish fleet has not gone
Ito the Canaries is believed by naval
| officers here to be definitely proved by
! the Herald's cable stating that on May
i 4 there were no Spanish warships at
tho?« islands. It is only 876 miles from
i St. Vincent in Cape Verde to Las Pal
1 mas in the Canaries, and as the fleet
sailed from St. Vincent on April 29, it
would have arrived at Las Palmas long
before May 4 if that had been its des
tination. It is still possible, however,
that the fleet may have gone to Cadiz,
though this is thought to be improb-
I able. The knowledge that there are no
Spanish war vessels at the Canaries
tends to strengthen the idea that the
three torpedo-boats which left St. Vin
cent in company with the coal and sup
ply vessel on the same day that the
larger vessel of the Spanish fleet sailed,
are now with that fleet. If this is true
Kb important, as these small craft
aid greatly hamper the fleet in its
gress across the Atlantic and would
uce its speed considerably, thus giv
ing- Admiral Sampson more time to
f;e his preparations for the expected
le and making it more certain that
American scouts will fall in with
Spanish fleet.
ernment at the instance of Lord Salis
bury. He characterized the report as
I absurd. He will leave to-night for
i Montreal, where he will stay until he
i receives instructions. Senor Bernabe
j claims that the war has only begun.
CUBA FOR THE
AMERICAN NEGROES.
El Pais Advances a New Theory aa
to Why Uncle Sam Wants the
Island.
Copyrightprl. 1 S!) ", James Gordon Bennett.
HAVANA. May 6.— El Pais this
morning publishes a long article say
ing that colored people are ill-treated
in the United States, and that the
Liberia republic was founded by
Americans to get rid of the negro, and
that the plan having failed, Cuban an
nexation, with laws favoring the im
migration of negroes from the South,
is the idea which many American po
litical men entertain, rather than that
of securing a market foT American pro
ducts or a monopoly in Cuban tobacco.
The Cuban people, it says, should bear
this in mind in connection with the
American statement that for the sake
of American civilization all other pow
ers should concur in the action to pre
vent the plan of autonomy from being
carried into effect.
Encountered Calms.
The American bark Sonoma, command
ed by Captain Landpreen. reached this
port las night from Newcastle, New
South Wales. It took 111 days to mak«
the passage on account of the light winds
encountered. There were forty-six days
of the trip during which there was a dead
calm. The bark is loaded with coal.
34
STOLE UNDER
THE GUNS OF
MORRO CASTLE
Hazardous Search of the
Torpedo-Boat Ericsson
for a Prize.
But at a Critical Moment the Cook
Became Tangled in a Rope
and Shrilly Blew the
Whistle.
ON BOARD THE HERALD-CALL.
DISPATCH BOAT SOMERS N. SMITH
via Key West, May 6. — Almost under
the nose of Morro Castle's guns, eluding
the sight of Spaniards with her search
lights constantly beating the sea, the
torpedo boat Ericsson, Lieutenant Ush
er commanding, stole quietly last
Wednesday night. The officers and
crew were on the gui vive, because for
several days they had been hoping to
lure to a chase the Spanish gunboat of
boasted prowess and twenty-two knots
speed that inhabits Havana harbor.
It has been risky business, but the
only spirit prevalent was the lucky
chance of sinking the gunboat before
her batteries could destroy their craft.
Visions of prize money spurred the
crew, and the danger of the bold at
tempts was not thought of. On special
occasions previously the Ericsson had
ventured into dangerous proximity to
Morro's guns, hoping the gunboat
would sight her and start in pursuit,
confident of an easy victory. Wednes
day night extra hazardous chances
were taken. Quietly the Ericsson
moved toward the harbor. The Span
ish searchlights cut wide arcs, then
swept paths from far out close into the
castle. Ail around the Ericsson its
rays rested, but nearer and nearer went
the Ericsson, absolutely unobserved.
So close did the torpedo-boat ap
proach the castle that its guns could
be seen gleaming, and the officers and
A VANDERBILT
IN THE RINKS
Scion of the Noted House
Joins the Army as
a Private.
Enlists at Tacoma With a Com
pany That Will Go to the
Philippines.
Visitors to the Camp Find the Young
Man Engaged in Washing
Dishes.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TACOMA, May s.— The branch of the
Vanderbilt family living in Tacoma has
shown its patriotism. William Howard
Vanderbilt,' a cousin of Cornelius and
William K. Vanderbilt, has enlisted as
a private in Company C, and in a few
days will be mustered into the ser
vice of the United States. W r ith other
Washington soldiers he expects to be
sent to San Francisco and thence to
the Philippine Islands.
Howard Vanderbilt is 21 years old
and six feet tall, and has a perfect
physique. His grandfather was Jacob
Vanderbilt of New York. His father
is Jacob Vanderbilt, second cashier of
the Metropolitan Savings Bank here,
owned by George Vanderbilt of New
York. Young Vanderbilt has been am
bitious to see military life for several
years, but would not join the army nor
seek entrance at the lowest point while
he thought there was no active service
in sight. When the twelve companies,
comprising the Washington regiment,
marched through Tacoma last Sunday
his military enthusiasm revived and he
determined to enlist. After much per
suasion his father consented.
On Wednesday young Vanderbilt left
his luxurious home and started for
Camp Rodgers, accompanied by friends.
Company C of Tacoma was found
to have one vacancy. He quickly en
listed, and to-day visitors to the camp
found this scion of the house of Van
derbilt appareled in an ill-fitting uni
form and washing dishes. It had fallen
to his lot to-day to join the company
me9s squad.
For several years the National Guard
of Washington has held no annual en*
campment, for financial reasons. The
regiment contains many recruits of a
year's service or less, and is conse
quently somewhat "green" as to tac
tics and discipline. It is customary
when the Governor appears at camp to
"call out the guard" as a mark of cour
tesy, which order is repeated from sen
tinel to sentinel until it reaches head
quarters, or the officer of the day, when
the guard turns out and presents arms.
When Governor Rodgers appeared at
the camp on Wednesday the order to
"turn out guard for the Governor" was
repeated by the sentinels and the guard
speedily turned out. The Governor,
however, wished no ceremonial and di
rected the first sentinel to "never mind
the guard." This direction was mis
understood, with the result that the
guard of forty-eight men stood lined
up and presenting arms for twenty
minutes, while Governor Rodgers was
strolling about at the further end of
the camp.
This is one of the many ludicrous in
cidents at Camp Rodgers that have
caused much merriment to those fa
miliar with military' rules. Adjutant-
General Ballaine of the National Guard
is unknown to the men, and in conse
quence spends a half hour dally getting
inside of the lines.
Gradually Colonel Wholley and Lieu
tenant-Colonel Fife are bringing order
out of the chaos that has reigned so
far.
The Star speaks of School Board thieves
and tells some strong truths. •
! crew fairly ceased drawing long
breaths. All felt something was sure
to happen this time and something did.
The youthful Japanese cook on the
Ericsson was as anxious as any one
for prize money and a set-to with
Spain's crack boat. He scurried around
on tip-toe, trying hard to repress his
excitement and willing to share in the
honors and glory.
With the best of intentions he stum
bled and in one of those unaccounta
ble ways which happen at inopportune
times, became tangle*! in the rope con
nected with the Ericsson's steam whis
tle. Then beneath Morro's guns there
was emitted a screeching that was
echoed through the Cuban hills and
made the night hideous. Efforts to ex
tricate the cook failed for more than a
minute, during which time the screech
ing increased in volume.
The excitement on land was in plain
view and the searchlight began to
work frantically. Luck or misfortune, j
whichever it might be, seemed on the |
verge of realization. The men on the j
torpedo-boat now stopped breathing,'
entirely, after the screeching had
ceased, fearful even that it might at
tract the aim of the enemy's gun.
Rut not a Spanish eye seemed to see
the trespasser and the gunboat did
not come steaming out of its hiding
place. After a few minutes the excite
ment subsided, and the Ericsson stole
stealthily away from its dangerous lo
cation and back to its station, the offi
cers, crew and the Japanese cook
heaving sighs of relief, and yet all de
cidedly disgusted.
EXTENSION OF
BREAD RIOTS
The Scenes of Bloodshed
Spread to Central and
Northern Italy.
Encounters Between Mobs and
Troops in Which Several
Are Killed.
Some Cases of Shocking Brutality
and Murder on tne Part of the
Mad Rioters.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ROME, May 6.— There were renewed
j bread riots at Pavia yesterday even
| ing. The rioters stretched chains across
the streets, in orQer to prevent cavalry
| charges. Several soldiers and civilians
I were injured. A riotous mob surround
ed a detachment of troops at Sesyo
| Fiorintino and the soldiers fired a vol
| ley, killing three of their assailants and
j wounding four others.
There were further disorders at Pra
to, ten miles northwest of Florence, to
day.
The extension of the bread riots to
Central and Northern Italy is regarded
as an extremely serions feature of the
case, because the people in that section
are more enlightened and better edu
cated and there will be great difficulty
in suppressing the agitation.
Some of the worst rioting has oc
curred at Pavia, Among the killed is a
stude.nt, a son of Signor Missi, vice
president of the Chamber of Deputies.
The news of this has caused trouble
at Milan, Signor Missi being very pop
ular there.
A conflict occurred between the
troops and rioters and one was killed
on each side and many injured. At
Pralo and Florence there has been
very serious trouble. The latter city
has been occupied by the troops. It is
believed that the censorship stops the
worst news.
On Thursday a savage scene was wit
j nessed at Murgie-Minervino in Cala
: bria. The rioters laid siege to a mill,
| whereupon the miller lmng money into
I the crowd and begged that his life be
spared. The mob shouted back, "It is
1 not your money, but your skin we
! want." The mill was then stormed
! and the miller and his wife were bru
1 tally killed.
A physician who appeared at a neigh-
I boring window to protest against the
! brutality also fell a victim to the mob,
and his wife, who was lying ill, died of
fright. Another townsman was stabbed
i and beaten with hatchets until he died.
THIS IS RATHER
AN ABSURD YARN.
LONDON, May 6.— 'Jhe Exchange
Telegram Company asserts on the
highest authority that the United
States dispatch-boat Hugh McCul
loch, which reached Mirs Bay, near
Hongkong, a few days ago, heard of
the victory of Dewey's squadron and
hurried back to Manila for dispatches.
It is further said that the McCulloch
cannot get back to Hongkong until to
morrow, when she is expected to have
the most important news.
Escorting Coal-Laden Barks.
PORT AU PRINCE, Hayti, May 6.—
The German steamer Valdivia, from
Hamburg, on March 21 for St. Thomas,
where she arrived on April 11, has put
into Aux Cayea, on south coast of
Hayti. She reports having met a Brit
ish warship escorting westward six
barks, nationality unknown, apparently
laden with coal. On April 26 cannonad
ing was heard from Jerimie,
Hayti, a port situated 125 miles west of
this place.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
SPAIN'S MOSQUITO
FLEET ABOUT CUBA
Hidden in Bays and Coves of the
Island Are Little Gunboats
Afraid of Our Ships.
Hidden somewhere in the many bays
and sheltered coves of the Cuban coast
lie about thirty-four Spanish gunboats
and steam launches, ranging in dis
placement from fifteen to 100 tons. Al
together the Spanish fleet in Cuban
waters number fifty-eight craft of all
descriptions, from 3090 tons down to
NAME.
Alfonso XII :
Reina Mercedes
Marquis de la Ensenada
Conde de Venadlto
Infanta YSabel
Ysabel II
Filiplnas
Jorge Juan
Galicla i
Marques de Mollns •
Martin Alonzo Pinzon -
Vincente Yanez Pinzon
Nueva Espana • •• • •
Magelanes
General Concha
Fernando el Catollca • I
Ilernando Cortes
Vasco Nunes de Balboa
Apulia • '
Alsedo
Cuba Espanola
Contra Maestre »•
Diego Velasquez
Ponce de Leon ...■ .....'....
Alandaros •
Alesta •
Alvarado
Ardilla •
Baracoa •
Canta
Cometa
Estrella •
El Dependlente
Flecha
Fradera
Gaviota
Golondrina
Guantanarmo
Llgera
Li nee
Mayarlt
Sa ndoval
Satellite ••
Vigia ••
Yumerl •
Delgada Parejo (Sparkle) —
Centineila (John E. Thropp)
Guardian (Navisink)
Dardo (Leon Abbett)
Esperanza (Petrel)
Intrepida (Aztec)
Mensagera (Dart) .'
Valente (Edith)
Relampago (Shrewsbury)
Lanao • •
General Blanco
Leal tad —
Antonio Lopez
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
Cr.
T. G. B.
St. L.
T. G. B.
T. G. B.
T. G. B.
T. G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
D. V.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
O. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
a. b.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
G. B.
ISS7
1887
I*9o
ISSS
ISSS
ISS6
1592
1576
1831
IS9I
MM
ISOI
1559
urn
ISS3
1875
1595
1995
1592
18S2
1870
1569
1896
1595
1595
1893
1595
1595
1595
1895
1595
1895
! 1595
1895
1895
1895
1895
1595
1895
1595
. 1895
1695
1595
1896
1893
ISS9
IS9I
1592
ISS9
1592
1890
1594
1871
1895
1595
1595
1881
1869
1.1
1,
1,:
1.
17
17
15
14
14
14
20
13
19
19
19
19
18
11
9V4
10
12
13*
9
8
9
12
12%
10
10
19
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
10
19
10
10
10
10
18*
10
11
11
9
10
8
7
7
7
7
8
6 6.2-inch, H. ; 2 2-7-lnch, 6 6-pdns.. 4 8-pdr«.
6 6.2-inch, H. ; 2 2.7-lnch, 3 2.2-lnch, 2 1.5-inch.
6 1.4-lnch.
4 4.7-lnch, H. ; 5 q. f., 4 machine guns.
4 4.7-lnch, H. ; 2 2.7-inch, 2 q. f., 5 mach. suns.
4 4.7-inch, H.; 2 2.7-inch, 3 q. f., 4 mach. guns.
4 4.7-inch, H. ; 2 2. 7-inch. 4 q. f., 3 mach. guns.
2 4.7-inch q. t., 4 1.5-inch, 4 machine guns.
3 4.7-lnch, II.; 2 2.5-inch Krupp, 2 mach. guns.
2 4.7-inch, H. ; 4 2.2-inch q. *.. 1 machine gun.
2 4.7-inch, H. ; 4 2.2-inch q. f., 1 machine gun.
2 4.7-lnch, H. ; 4 2.2-inch q. t., 1 machine gun.
2 4.7-inch, H.; 4 2.2-inch q. 1., 1 machine gun.
2 4.7-inch, H.; 4 2.2-inch q. f.
3 4.7-lnch. H. ; 3 machine guns.
3 4.7-inch, H. : 2 2.2-inch q. f., 1 machine gun.
1 6.2-lnch PaJliser, 2 4.7-lnch s. b., 1 mach. gun.
2 2.9-inch r. f., 2 6-pounder Maxim.
2 2.9-irfch r. f., 2 6-pounder Maxim.
1 C-pounder Maxim.
1 4.7-lnch, H.; 1 machine gun. •
1 5.1-inch. H. : 1 machine gun.
1 6.1-inch, H.
2 6-pounders, 1 1-pounder.
Z 6-pounders, 1 1-pounder.
1 2Vi-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2Vt-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
I 6-pounder, 1 2'i-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2^4-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2Vi-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2%-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
II 2Vb-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
il 2Vi-poundt»r Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 214-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2Vs-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2Vi-pounilfr Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2>*-pound«>r Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2V4-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2^-poundPr Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2Vj-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2^-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2^4-pounflor Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
I 6-pounder, 1 l-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2>4-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 2'/4-pounder Maxlm-Nordenf.'ldt.
1 24-pounder Maxlm-Norrlenfeldt.
1 1-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 1-pounder Maxim-Nordenfeldt.
1 1-pounder Maxlm-Nordenfeldt.
1 1-pounder Maxlm-Nordenfeldt.
1 1-pounder Maxlm-Nordenfeldt.
1 machine gun.
1 machine gun.
1 machine gun.
1 machine gun.
1 machine gun.
1 machine gun.
1 machine pun.
2 6-lnch Parrotts. 1 machine giin.
. B.
. B.
. B.
>. B.
. B.
. B.
:. L.
:. L.
:. L.
L L.
. B.
are Indicated by Cr. ; torpedo gunboats, T. G. B. ; gunboats., (i. 8.. and steam launches. St.
which the letter H Is affixed are of Spanish make of the Hontoria pattern.
Names of vessels in brackets are a
lot of steam yachts purchased in ths
United States in 1895.
The few 6.2-inch guns of the Hontoria
pattern fire armor-piercing projectiles
of about ninety pounds weight, capa
ble of penetrating ten Inches of iron
at 1000 yards. The 4.7-inch guns are
not rapid-firera like the 5 and 4 inch
guns on our fleet, and besides their
SECRETARY ALGER WILL RESIGN.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— The Mail and Express correspondent wires his
paper that Secretary Alger will tender his resignation in a few days. When
this rumor was in circulation a week or ten days ago General Alger, while
not strenuously denying the report, said that he "did not think he would de
sert his post of duty in this emergency."
OUTRAGES UPON
ENGLISHMEN
Homes of British Sub
jects Seized at Las
Palmas.
Spaniards Constructing Forti
fications in Expectation of
an Attack.
Tli* United States Consul Suddenly
Departs Witt* the Plans of the
Harbor.
Bpeclal Dlopatch to The Call.
LIVERPOOL, May 6.— Steamers arriv
ing here to-day from the Canaries re
port that the United States Consul at
Las Palmas left suddenly with the
plans of Las Palmas harbor. They say,
also, that there are 12,000 Spanish
fifteen tons, and none of the larger
vessels, of which there are but two,
are equal in speed and armament to
the smallest American cruisers. The
gunboats are literally only njosquito
gunboats, unable to venture out of
sight of land, as they carry but a small
supply of coal and are, for the most
part, slow. The only dangerous yes-
comparati\'ely insignificant weight of
shot and range they can only deliver
a third the number of shots which the
American 4 and 5 inch guns can dis
charge in the same given time. The
still smaller caliber guns are similar to
those of the same caliber In our
navy.
The surrender or destruction of this
mosquito fleet can only be the question
troops in Grand Canarla alone, under
General Sugara.
Every Spaniard and Canarlan had
been pressed into the service, and the
business of fruit packing was left to
the women. Fortifications were rap
idly being constructed and a new fort
on the hillside at Las Palmas, facing
the sea, will mount heavy guns. The
military authorities were taking pos
session of buildings of British subjects,
for which they refused to pay, or make
exchanges, and the Government was
selling at auction all sorts of monopo
lies, arms, paints and the like, in a
desperate attempt to raise revenue.
San Jose's Fast Cyclers.
SAN JOSE, May 6.— The Garden City
Cyclers have selected their team for the
great 100-mile relay race around the bay
next Sunday. The ten men are all strong
and fast riders, and it is expected that
they will capture the trophy. Following
are the riders and their relays: First
relay, Gail Hardenbrook; second relay,
Tony Delmas; third relay, George Thome;
fourth relay, A. J. Cark: fifth relay, Roy
Bridgeman; sixth relay. Ted Belloli; sev
enth relay, D. E. Francis; eighth relay,
Julius Smith; ninth relay, Mark Quimby;
tenth relay, Bunt Smith.
Jessie Ackerxnan relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in
dotting the great globe with W. C.
T. IT. missions in next Sunday's Call.
DIED.
HATES— In this city. May 6, 1398. Margaret
Hayes, beloved mother of Mrs. 'J. S. Mur
phy, Mrs. M. Morrtsey and Mrs. Donovan, a
native of Parish Killarney, County Kerry,
Ireland, aged 90 years.
sels In the entire lot are apparently
the seven torpedo gunboats, provided
their speed and efficiency have been kept
up since their trial trips, and of this
there Is a reasonable doubt.
The following table shows the
strength and details of the Spanish
navy which, at last accounts, was
credited to Cuban waters:
of a very short time, as the coal sup
ply is daily becoming less and the
blockade prevents landing of more fuel.
Without it the gunboats are helpless
and must fall an easy prey to the num
erous auxiliary gunboats fitting out on
the Atlantic coast, consisting of speedy
steam yachts protected against injury
from machine gun fire and armed with
quick-firing Hotchkiss guns.
INTO SEVEN
ARMY CORPS
How the Volunteers and
Regulars Will Be
Divided.
Brooke, Merritt, Breckinridge,
Otis, ' Wilson, Shafter and
Coppinger to Command.
Difficult Task of Assigning Troops to
Brigades, Divisions and Corps Not
Yet Completed.
Special Dispatch to The CalL
NEW YORK, May- 6.— A Washington
special to the Herald says: It has
been decided to divide the regular and
volunteer armies of the United States
into seven corps, numbering from one
to seven inclusive. As soon as the
mustering in of the volunteer army is
completed the War Department will
designate the corps and send them un
der commanders to six points of mob
ilization, the most northern of which
will be Hempstead Plains, Lond Isl
and. Most of the troops will be sent
South, as Surgeon-General Sternberg
has advised that all northern soldiers
be allowed to get acclimatized to the
Southern climate of the United States
before they are sent into the intense
heat which will be experienced while
fighting in Cuba.
The difficult ta.sk of assigning troops
to brigades, divisions and corps has not
yet been completed, but a general out
line of a statement has been made by
Adjutant-General Corbin and his as
sistant, Brigadier-General Schwan. It
is the purpose of the department to
mobilize about 30,000 troops in the near
vicinity of Washington, in order that
they may be in a position to be im
mediately sent to the South. Major-
General Breckinridge, who has seen
several years of active service, will, in
all probability, command the troops
situated at the capital.
Although it is not possible to defi
nitely state who the other corps com
manders will be, I have been told on
good authority that these generals will
be selected by the department: Major-
Generals Brooke, Merritt, Breckinridge,
Otis, Wilson, Shafter and probably Cop
pinger. As will be seen all of these
officers are in the regular service, ex
cept General Wilson, who was appoint
ed from civil life.
General Joseph Wheeler will, with
out doubt, be given command of the
cavalry doing service in Cuba. Gen
eral Fitzhugh Lee will certainly see
actual service against the Spaniards
In Cuba and will, in an probability,
command the immunes that will re
lieve the regular army during the rainy
season.
It is a significant fact that Algernon
Sartoris, grandson of General U. 8.
Grant, will receive a commission as
lieutenant-colonel and will serve on the
staff of Major-General Lee, nephew of
General Robert E. Lee, the old Con
federate leader. Frederick Alger, son
of the Secretary of War, will rceive a
commission as captain in the volun
teer army and will serve on Major-
General Miles' staff. No action has as
yet been taken by other major-generals
in appointing their staff.
POWERS NOT
SEEKING TO
INTERVENE
Continental Countries Did
Not Try to Influence
Great Britain.
At the Present Time There Is
Nothing in the Situation
That Would Justify
Meddling.
T*" Call Office. Riggs House,
Washington, May 6.
The London report that the continen
tal powers were seeking to have Eng
land join them in intervention is lack
ing in verification in official and dip
lomatic quarters here. The State De
partment has received no suggestion of
such intervention and does not believe
it is contemplated. The foreign rep
resentatives here, including those of
Great Britain, France, Germany and
Russia, meet these reports with spe
cific denials and declare that interven
tion is not being discussed in any way
at the present time. These officials
have been fully conversant with all
previous moves toward intervention
and they doubtless would be aware if
such a move was on foot at present.
The utterance of Emperor William
before the Reichstag to-day confirmed
what the German officials here have
maintained from the first, namely, that
Germany would observe strict neutral
ity, even though no decree of neutral
ity was issued. Russian officials take
the same view as to the purpose of
Russia to keep out of any intervention
which would be inimical to the United
States. The French authorities here
do not consider Intervention a live
question at present, and since France
TRANSPORTING
THE MAILS
Argument in Senate on
the Pettigrew Amend
ment
i
It Is Proposed to Reduce the
Rates Paid Railroads 2O
Per Cent.
Passage of tho BUI to Increase the
Number of Surgeons in the
Regular Army.
"• Special Dispatch to The Call.
Call Office, Riggs House,
Washington, May 6.
In the Senate to-day a bill granting
the Santa Fe and Grand Canyon Rail
road Company right of way through
the Grand Canyon forest reservation
in Northern Arizona was passed.
In requesting a conference upon a
pension bill Gallinger of New Hamp
shire, chairman of the Pension Com
mittee, said that the House had tac
itly adopted a rule that in cases
where the widow of a general officer
had no pensionable status in the Pen
sion Department, no pension exceed
ing $30 a month would be granted, but
in such cases where a pension was al
ready being received, the pension might
be increased to $50 a month. Gallin
ger made the statement he said, in
order that the Senate might realize the
futility of pressing for pensions of $75
or $100 a month.
The consideration of the postofflce
appropriation bill resumed, the pending
question being the amendment offered
yesterday by Pettigrew of South Da
kota, providing for a reduction of 20
per cent in the amount paid to rail
roads for the transportation of mails.
Quay said that the adoption of Pet
tigrew's amendment would result in re
ducing the compensation of the rail
roads $6,000,000 without any evidence as
to the results or righteousness of the
action. He maintained that the in
vestigation authorized by the pending
bill ought to be made before any ac
tion was taken.
Pettigrew maintained in the course of
an analysis of the mail and express
statistics that the Government paid
ten times as much for transportation
of the mails as the express companies
paid for the transportation of their
matter.
Faulkner of West Virginia presented
a strong argument against the Petti
grew amendment. He declared that it
would destroy many of the railroads in
his own State, fully one-third of those
in the Southern States and many
throughout the country.
Quay moved that when the Senate
adjourn to-day it be to meet on Mon
day next. The motion was agreed to.
Unanimous consent was then given
that the final vote on the bill should be
taken before adjournment on Monday.
Hawley of Connecticut, chairman of j
the Military Affairs Committee, pre- j
sented the House bill to increase the ;
number of surgeons in the United
States army by fifteen and in emer
gencies giving the Secretary of War
authority to appoint as many contract
surgeons as may be necessary, the sal
ary of each not to exceed $150 a month.
The bill was passed.
Cannon of Utah secured the adoption |
of a resolution directing the Committee
on Manufactures to investigate the :
adulterationof food articles by manu
facturers.
The Senate at 3:50 p. m. went into
executive session, aj?£l at 5:40
adjourned until Monday.
Crushed by His Own Truck.
Claus Wohltman, a well-to-do drayman,
was run over by one of his trucks yester
day afternoon and so severely injured
that he died an hour after being taken to
the Harbor Hospital. Wohltman was
driving the truck himself near Fourth
and Townsend streets when the horses
became frightened and ran. The dray
man was. thrown from his seat and the
wheels of the heavily loaded dray passed
Issued her decree of neutrality, the
French officials dismiss reports that
France will participate in intervention.
The British officials have received no
I word concerning recent movements for
I Intervention and ttiey consider such
i moves as quite inopportune under exist
' ing circumstances. A leading mem
1 ber of the diplomatic corps said to
i day:
"What could we intervene about? It
I could not be because the United States
j had occupied the Philippines, because
i we do not know yet that the Philip
pines are occupied. It could not be
! because Porto Rico may be occupied,
for we have no official information yet
that any movement against that isl
and is contemplated. In fact, even if
continental Europe desires to inter
| vene it has no facts before it thus far
on which to base intervention."
The German Embassy has been re-
I enforced by the arrival of Captain yon
Rebur of the Imperial German navy,
who becomes naval attache of the Em
bassy here. He called at the Navy
Department to-day, wearing the uni
form and chapeau of the German navy.
I He presented credentials from the Ger
man admiralty, which will insure him
I every proper facility for making ob
i servations. The German Government
i thus will have Count yon Goeltzen to
! make military observations and Cap.
I tain yon Rebur for naval observations.
over his abdomen. The dead man was
about 40 years old. lived at 25 Isls street
and leaves a -widow and four children.
■ m ■
TRANS-ATLANTIC STEAMERS.
HAMBURG— May 6— Stmr. Bohemia,
from Baltimore.
LIVERPOOL— SaiIed May 6— Stmr. Cevlo, for
New York.
MOVILLE— SaiIed May «— Stmr. Ethiopia, for
New York.
COPENHAGEN— May B— Stmr. Hecla.
for New York.
NAPLES— SaiIed May Stmr. Alter, for New
York.
CHERBOURG— May 6— Stmr. August*
Victoria, for New York.
■ ♦ ■
The latest wonder in electricity;
new and marvelous applications in
the mechanical arts; told in next
Sunday's Call.
. . , ..'.■♦■ . .
The soil of Cuba is bo fertile that In
some districts four crops are raised.
You weak ? If so, why?
You know that when you
were born you were fai'ly
treated by Dame Nature.
Then why are you puny to-
day ? There may be a se-
Mcret about this, but you may
be certain that you are not
the only weakling m the
world. Thousands of others
keep you company. You
have been drawing too freely
on the bank account which
nature placed on deposit for
you. If you have been fool-
ish it is now time to become
wise.
Be sure the solution of th©
difficulty is, in your own
hands. Alone you cannot
- be as. strong, as big and as
vigorous as you once were,
* but you can with the aid of
\fOgl that great remedio - treat-
V 1 1 1 1 ment, "Hudyan." No other
1 11 1 I thing will make your blood
|yy tingle in your veins as it did
in the days of your youth
and manliness, But this
* "Hudyan" will dc. It has
done it for 20,000 people.
Why should it fail with you ?
' It will not. It cannot fail.
" Done up." That is what
you think you are. But if
you can find vigorous life
again ; if you can become
a whole man once more why
not do it? You enjoy N no
________ single one of the great
i 111 F 11/ n pleasures of life to-day to
Ijy LA ■ J the extent you should. If
■ ■ I H|\ ' you want to learn how many
■ ■ ■«■' II ■ ■ m en have been made whole
men by "Hudyan" write and
.« ask for free circulars and
testimonials telling you all
about it. Ask for advice on
any question if you are weak,
It is all free.
Copper-colored spots, teeth -loose "and
! all the other signs of blood taint must
|be attended to. 'Ask for free "thirty-
day blood cure" circulars. That rem-
edy disposes of all blood taint quickly
and surely. T * makes no difference
what the stage of the disease may be.
No charge whatever for all the infor-
mation you may want.
HUDSON MEDICAL INSTITUTE,
STOCKTON, MARKET AND ELLIS STS.,
San Francisco.
EtpiiDipiMENACED
BY LOCK OF
SANITATION
Citizens of Sacramento fire
Fully Alive to Their
Danger.
Blar^e the State for Permitting
Folson) Prison to Pollute a
Stream With) Its Foul
Sewage.
SACRAMENTO, May 6. — Mayor Land
approves the course taken by The Call
In placing before the people the exact
condition in relation to the woeful lack
of sanitary precaution in this city.
Said Mayor Land to The Call corre
spondent this evening:
•'I have felt for a long time the ne
cessity of taking steps toward the pro
tection of our people against sickness
which is sure to follow a season as dry
as this. Street Commissioner Touhey
is in hearty accord with my sentiments
in this regard, and for the last two
weeks he has been engaged in cleaning
out the catch basins throughout the
city. There are 2200 of these basins,
and the accumulations in many of them
would indicate that years have elapsed
since they have been cleaned at all.
We have now cleaned about 2000 of
them, and in that number we have car
ried away 11*00 wagonloads of refuse,
and sewage deposits. We have a city
very difficult to drain, and before my
administration is over I hope to insti
tute many improvements in this re
spect.
"But what is the use of our taking
local precautions in sanitary matters
as long as one of the largest institu
tions in the State is permitted to de
file our waters, by using the stream
from which we obtain our drinking
water as a dumping place for the sew
age of 1000 or more men : I think we
should take immediate steps toward the
abatement of this perilous practice,
particularly during this season, when
the water will be very low."
Mayor Land will, in all probability,
send a message to the Board of Trus
ad B< '1 of Health next Mon
day night, calling their attention to the
of taking immediate steps in
the <!:rection indicated.
In F. Smith, for many years sec
: the State Board of Agricul
and widely known throughout the
. has just recovered from a very
serious attack of typhoid fever. Last
evening he sent the following- commun
n to the Evening Bee:
Tn the Editor of the Bee— Sir: One who has
telt the sting of pain knows not what
pain is. One that has not felt the terrible
•f typhoid or malarial fever knows noth
inp of its"exhaustivp and dangerous character.
The old maxim, "an ounce of prevention is
worth a pound of cure," la applicable at this
time to our present drinking water system. I
,•■ r.f those forty-year drinkers of Sacra
rr.r-nto water: have drunk It in all shapes, and
felt that I was Impregnable to its gercn
carrylng danger, but the conditions of the pres
iflon are so materially different from all
is ones that with all the physical health
strength one could wish, I picked up the
of that long lingering malady, malarial
which Is nothing more than an overdose
ii that brings one. It seems, to the verge
ith, but holds him back to Buffer agonies
c cannot find short of the place Bob In
gersoll Pays exlpteth not.
Notwithstanding the reports, there Is no use
g that at the present there are more
dangerous oases of fevers existing In this city
:t any time during its history. I dare
lat almost any citizen could locate from
three to five cases within his acquaintanceship,
v. hie! irtterlon that the Btatement
• .i prominent physician made a few weeks
• there being over 200 cases of fever In
ilty was con
ar '-onditlons of the season, owing
unusual lack of rainfall, render It plain
that action of some kind is necessary toward
provement of our water supply before
Ing else is done in the way of city im
ents. If those in charge of the affairs
city v.:ll but think of the Jeopardy in
which the thousands of innocent children at
fnfllnfr the public schools are placed in the
drinking "f this now most impure wat^r, they
would be inhuman not to devise some method
of improvement, and that should be done at
r.n^e. otherwise during the present summer
made graves will multiply, and the un
dertaking business will be a most prolific ven
l ire.
I know that the people are prone to charge
one that attempts public communications with
bein^ interested In some way with the subject
in hand. All the interest I have is the health
of the community in which I have livod all my
life.
Thnse of you who, like myself, have drunk
the river water for forty years, Old not have,
until within a few years past, the contami
nating sewage that is now dumped in the rivers
to contend with. I wonder what the most
learned (?) authority that said running wattr
purities itself in a short distance would now
say if he were to go up the American River
and view the solid mass of sewage rolling lazily
in large lots as it Is dumped in the now slug
gish Rio de los Aemericanos?
I predict that any change in our system, if
only to extend the water pipe above the Ameri
can River a half mile or so, would be a credit
to our city, and do more good in the end than
the suppression of facts as they now stare us
In the face, and are well known, notwithstand
ing anything we may do, to the yeople of the
State. Let us tor-* If necessary, our children
and their children, that we may prolong the
life of the present generation, and give to us
health and happiness in this beautiful city of
homes. EDWIN F. SMITH.
At the present time there are many
cases of fever in the city of Sacramen
to, and they are increasing daily. Most
of these are typhoid. Dr. Henderson,
secretary of the State Board of Health,
in speaking generally of the disease,
said:
"In places where the supply of water
is from rivers or wells all drinking
water should be boiled, and it is a wise
precaution during an epidemic to have
the milk Ecalded, as the prevalence of
typhoid in London in 1873 was clearly
traced to the or.-ntaminationn of the
milk by the excreta of a man who had
dipd of typhoid on a milk furm. The
period of incubation usually extends
over two weeks, being preceded by loss
of appetite, languor, headache, dizzi
ness and blf-eding from the nose in
many instances. From the tenth to the
twelfth day the rash usually appears.
It is very slipht, and unless care is
taken may be entirely overlooked.
These spots arc rose-colored, about the
size of a. pin's head, disappearing on
pressure, but reappearing as soon as'
the pressure is removed. In favorable
cases the fourth week finds a change
for the better. The temperature falls,
th<» symptoms are alleviated, the sleep
becomes more natural and the appetite
grows stronger.
"After the thirtieth day, in the ma
jority of cases, no more spots appear,
the fever is at an end, and the patient
passes slowly into a stage of convales
cence. In typhoid fever relapses are
common, and dangerous complications,
especially of the lungs, may ensue. If
the ulceration of the intestines pro
ceeds so far that they are perforated,
death ensues almost invariably, and in
all cases the mortality is high. The
main chance of recovery depends upon
careful and scientific nursing, under
the direction of a skilled physician."
Dr. Henderson believes with other*
that a great portion of the Blckness In
Sacramento is due to the consumption
of river water, and thinks that some
thing should be done to remedy the
present dangerous practice of using the
streams as a receptacle for offal and
sewage.
"I am glad," said he, "to know that
The Call has taken up the question in
the vigorous manner it has. How in
the world can one expect municipali
ties to observe the sanitary laws of
man and nature when we permit the
State to set such bad examples? I be
lieve that not only should the sewage
system of Folsom be changed, but steps
should be taken to suppress the same
practice in the city of Marysville, and,
for that matter, the city of Sacramen
to, in asking others to refrain from
sending down these impure deposits,
should herself desist. The Call has
taken up a question which is of vital
importance to every locality in the
State, and I sincerely hope that before
the agitation ceases the people through
out the great valleys now drained by
the large rivers may awaken to the
peril which is threatening every com
munity, as the State increases in popu
lation."
There are some who find fault with
the expose by The Call of this all-ab
sorbing question, but they are few and
far between. While a Silurian here and
there will tell of having drunk the
water for thirty or forty years, and
others intimate that such information
going abroad will have a tendency to
keep people away from the city, the
majority of Sacramento's citizens are
praising the efforts of The Call, and
declare that the health of the people
who are here is of greater concern than
the prospective increase of population.
"Our first duty," said Dr. Hender
son, "is to those already here, and until
we have properly defended them
against the ravages of disease we can
not expect others to come."
LEARNED MEN IN
DRAMATIC ROLES
Members of the Stanford Fac-
ulty Appear Before the
Footlights.
"All in a Fog; or. Who Is Who?"
Presented Successfully in En
cina Gymnasium.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
PALO ALTO. May 6.— The Faculty
Dramatic Club to-night made its sec
ond appearance on the stage in Encina
gymnasium and repeated the success
it scored at the Holloween Kirmess
last fall. It produced Williams' catch
ing farce, "All in a Fog; or, Who Is
Who?" and showed that the ability of
the membe. does not all run in the line
of giving lectures and conducting reci
tations, but that they have dramatic
talent that will at least captivate a
Stanford audience.
The cast Licluded Professor William
H. Hudson in th role of Mr. Bloom
field Brambleton; Miss Mary McLean,
as Cicely, his daughter; Mrs. C. B.
Whittier, a charming servant girl; Pro
fesso.- Daniel W. Murphy, as Lawrence
Lavender, and Professor Allardice, as
Simonides Swanhopper, a model young j
bachelor.
The action was lively and well sus
tained throughout and the play was
well interspersed with local hits and
joshes. Dr. Jord: and ot 1 members
of the faculty being the objects of most
of them. Preceding the farce th? sym
phony orchestra, under Professor
Young, ga.e several selections; a flute
solo was played by B. A. Olshausen,
and Ernest Lent, the celebrated 'cellist
from Washington, D. C, rendered sev
eral of his choice selections, his "Trau
merei" pleasing the audience above the
others.
The entertainment was well patron
ized. It was for the benefit of the stu
dent piano fund.
CALIFORNIA INJURED
BY PETTY DISPUTES.
Delegation in Congress Unable to
Agree Upon Any Man for Any
Position.
WASHINGTON, May 6.-The President
told Senator "White that on the passage of
the sundry civil bill he would select seven
of the best men he could find to act as
American directors or commissioners at
the Paris Exposition, and they would se
lect a director-general from among their
own members.
The Californians naturally expect one of
the seven directors to come from the Pa-,
ciflc Coast, but as the California delega
tion will probably (as usual) be unable to
agree on any one candidate, the honor
may fall to Oregon or Washington.
It is currently reported here in the Cali
fornia colony that Mr. de Young may not
be a candidate for director, but will try
again for the Senate.
Nothing is known definitely about the
brigadiership. but it is the general opinion
among the Californians that no Callfor
nian will get the prize, as there are so
many candidates and the California Con
gressional delegation is divided.
Death Strikes in Salinas.
SALINAS, May 6.— 0. J. Haney. a citi
zen of Salinas for many years, died this
morning, aged 82 years, after a long ill
ness. He leaves a widow and one son
here and three other sons, all prominent
in the Catholic priesthood in Northern
Indiana.
Bead the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20.000 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
THE SA^ FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
SCURVY FINDS
MANY VICTIMS
The Dawson Hospital Is
Filled With Afflicted
Miners.
Pneumonia Also Epidemic in
the Metropolis of the
Klondike.
Disappearance of the Snow Reveals
a Shocking Condition of
the Streets.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
TAOOMA, May 6. — Two Dawson let
ters, dated March 29 and 30, have been
received from John Williams and C. C.
Pagett. Williams writes that scurvy
is epidemic at Dawson, the hospital
and several cabins being full of pa
tients. Pneumonia is also prevalent.
There have been a number of deaths
from each disease. Many more deaths
from scurvy are considered certain be
fore the miners are able to escape
down the river in June.
The rapid spread of scurvy is not
thought strange at Dawson, consider
ing the utter lack of variety of food that
has prevailed in many cabins for
months, together with the poor cooking,
which results from the hurry and in-
conveniences of a miner's life. Some
miners who were short of provisions
last fall, but determined to remain,
had, when Williams wrote, been living
for several weeks on bacon, beans and
flour, fried in fat. The little cemetery
laid out a year ago Is being enlarged
to meet increased demands upon its
space.
Fine, clear prevailed dur
ing March, causing the snow to disap
pear rapidly, and revealing the unsan
itary condition of Dawson, which is
expected to result in typhoid fever and
other diseases when the hot sun of
May and June beats down upon the
filthy streets and by-ways of the Klon
dike metropolis. If the warm weather
continues, Pagett writes, the ground
would be bare by April 15 or 20. Pagett
says further:
The food scare is pretty well over, but
prices are high. Flour is $50 a sack, and
all other provisions range from $1 to $1 2o
a pound, excepting butter and lard, both
being scarce. Lard is $5 a pound and
butter $3. ..
Spring is here, and soon comes the
miners' harvest. The days are lengthen
ing very rapidly, giving nearly twelve
hours' daylight. Dawson has already
begun to- awaken. New buildings by the
score are going up as rapidly as men and
material will permit. The main drawback
in this line is the scarcity of nails. As
high as $4 or $5 a pound is paid for eight
and ten penny nails, and very few can be
had at those figures. Two lots on i irst
avenue, near the old opera-house, sold
last week for $40,000. A woman owning a
twenty-five-foot lot almost back or these
on Second avenue sold for $4500. It cost
her $300 about a year ago.
Harper & Ladue, owners of Dawson
townsite, have advanced prices on all of
their property from $lm.» to $1000 a lot, ac
cording to location. Harper & Ladue's
mill is being moved from its old location,
and will soon be In running order. Lum
ber is $150 a thousand feet. Flooring and
dressed material are $250.
There are two other mills, one at the
mouth of Bonanza and the other near the
mouth of Bear Creek. They moved up the
river last fall, in order to be near the
timber. They have been running all
winter, using uog teams to \op; with. They ,
have not been able to satisfy the demand
made on them for lumber for Bluiceboxea
and building purposes, but now that the !
days are getting longer they will be en- :
abled to double their output. The lumber
is hauled principally with dog teams, al
though there are about fifteen horses
here, and, owing to the mild winter, they
have done great work and made fortunes
for their owners.
Dogs are very scarce and high priced,
$250 being paid for a fair-sized dog from
the outside. Interior dogs (malmoots and
huskies.) are worth from $3uO to $500 each.
From 300 to 400 miners have recently left
for American territory, rhiefly Forty-Mile
and Seventy-Mile creeks. More will go
because of the stringent Canadian mining
rules.
TO WED A CHINESE
MERCHANTS DAUGHThR.
Dr. Thompson of the Mohican Be
trothed to Mrs. Hutchinson. of
Honolulu.
NEW YORK, May 6.— Dr. Joseph C.
Thompson, assistant Burgeon on the
United States warship Mohican, has an
nounced in a letter to a friend in Brook
lyn his engagement to Mrs. A. Hutchin
pon of Hawaii. The bride-elect is the
daughter of Ah Fong, a rich Chinese
merchant of Honolulu. The Mohican is
now lying at Honolulu, having arrived
there on March 19. It was only a matter
of a few days when Dr. Thompson met
Mrs. Hutchinson and immediately fell in
love with her.
Dr. Thompson Is 23 years old. while his
fiance is said to be some years his senior.
She was married ten years ago, and Is
said to have been divorced from her hus
band. Her sister, Henrietta, was married
In December, 1893, to Commander William
Henry Whiting of the United States ves
sel Alliance. This wedding occasioned
widespread comment at the time. Com
mander Whiting was r>o years old and his
bride 17. Another sister, Ella, became the
wife of William Henshall, a lawyer of
California.
LOSES HIS LIFE IN
A GRASS VALLEY MINE.
Albert Rowe Shockingly Mangled by
the Premature Explosion of a
Blast.
GRASS VALLEY, May 6.-A distressing
accident occurred this afternoon at the
Massachusetts Hill mine by which Albert
Rowe, 24 years of age. lost his life, and
Alfred Pascoe was seriously injured.
The men were at work at the 1400-foot
level. They had finished drilling holes
■and filled them with powder. Rowe was
spitting a fuse, and about to make his
escape when the blast went off. Rock was
blown in every direction. Rowe was
struck by several pieces and mangled
frightfully. His body was taken to the
home of his parents by fellow workmen.
His mother is distracted over her loss.
Suit Against the Harrolds.
SAN RAFAEL, May 6.— lsaac Snyder
has sued George W. Harrold. William P.
Harrolfl and Alice A. Harrold, his wife,
on an assigned claim of Oblinger Bros. ut
Co. of Lancaster, Pa. W. P. Harrold waa
formerly a member of the insolvent firm
of Harrold Bros, of San Francisco, and
Snyder claims to hold judgment against
him for $14.0*15 65. Suit was brought uere
because, it is alleged, that Harrold and
wife turned over certain property in
Mill Valley to George W. Harrold, a
brother, on February 8, 189 S. in order to
evade payment in pert, the judgment be
ing entered on April 14. 1898. It is asked
that the transfer be annulled.
Coal Dealers' Arraignment.
United States District Judge de Haven yes
terday fixed June 3 as the date for the ar
raignment of the 412 members of the Coal
Dealers' Association who were indicted
■me time ago for forming an alleged un
lawful combine. . _
Spain vs. The Hebrews. Read what Ed
itor Barry says in The Star. •
CONFLAGRATION
IN THE HEART
OF RANDSBURG
Flames Raze Many Business Blocks
and Dwellings in the Min
ing Town.
RANDSBURG, May 6.— Fire started at 2 o'clock this afternoon In
the residence of George Clutte, on Butte avenue, and soon that part of
town was all in flames. The Wells-Fargo Express office, the "Western
Union Telegraph office and the Occident Hotel were destroyed, as was
alpo the Orpheus Theater, built last year. The exact loss is not
known, hut it is safe to say that the damage will amount to more
than $100,000.
Every business house except Hammond's and a few small stores
on Rand and Upper Butte avenue were destroyed. Dynamite saved
the upper end of Butte avenue. The citizens worked like Trojans. No
suffering will ensue, as the homeless are well taken care of by the
more fortunate friends.
A heavy wind storm aided the fire. Guards will watch the smol
dering ruins to prevent firebrands starting new conflagrations. The
Call agency has secured new quarters. The Western Union volunteer
operator, Smith, has connected his instruments with the wire on the
hillside, and is lying on the ground as he sends this.
PLEASED WITH
THEIR VISIT
Marin Teachers Praise
the Public Schools of
Oakland.
One Feature the Kindly Rela
tion Between Teacher
and Pupil.
Close of the San Rafael Institute
After a Very Successful
Session.
Special Dispatch to The Cell.
SAN RAFAEL, May 6.— The Oakland
schools are all right. "hat is the
unanimous verdict of the various com
mittees of the Teachers' Institute that
visited the Oakland schools yesterday.
All this morning's session was given
up to the reports of the chairman of
these visiting committees.
A crystallization of these reports
shows that the teachers were all much
impressed with what they saw in the
Athens of the West. The disciplinary
systems in vogue there are deemed
both original and practical, one of the
pleasantest features being the kindly
relation between teacher and pupii.
An item receiving special commenda
tion was the numberless forcible ways
in which patriotic ideas were incul
cated.
Considerable amusement was fur
nished the institute by some wag who
gained access to the courtroom yester
day in the teachers' absence and filled
the blackboards with parts mutuel
wagers on the Jeffri.s-Sharkey boxing
match. Such expressions as "All bets
paid according to the decision of the
referee," "Usurpers of seats will be
promptly ejected," etc., abounded.
This finally attracted the eagle eye of
Professor Boke, who facetiously in
quired of Superintendent Furlong if the
institute was to be coached in the ele
ments of fistic bouts. And then, amid
general laughter, the blackboards had
their faces "turned toward the wall."
Professor J. B. Davidson delivered an
interesting lecture on the course of
reading teachers should take. He be
lieved that too much of this is done
along other than psychological lines. A
short discussion by the institute fol
lowed.
Considerable attention was paid to
the formation of a history club for col
lecting State and county material.
Discussion was finally concluded by se
lecting Professor Boke to appoint a
committee to gather information and
organize a club.
The intention was to end this session
of the institute in the morning, but an
accumulation of business was found to
necessitate a meeting in the afternoon.
It was begun with a vocal bolo from
"II Trovatore," by Professor Charles
N Watson who was encored and sang
•Love Is a Queer Thing," from the
opera "Said Pasha."
After settling all unfinished business
the institute adjourned with the sing
ing of "Auld Lang Syne." The teach
ers say they have had a pleasant and
beneficial meeting. Most of them de
parted homeward during the afternoon.
PRINTERS ON AN OUTING.
"Nine-Hour Camp" Established Not
Far From Camp Taylor.
CAMP TAYLOR, May 6.— The members
of San Francisco Typographical Union
No 21 may be out on a strike, but they
are having a "gay old time" just the
same. About twenty-flve of them are
camped on Lagunltas Creek, near here,
waiting for the word to go to work so con
fidently expected. The boys have tents,
bedding, cooking utensils and a commls
sarv that would delight the old Roman
gourmands. A detail of fishermen go out
every day to catch enough fish to satisfy
appetites all around.
Owing to the fact that one of the num
ber owns a pair of old artillery trousers
the camp is conducted under military
regulations. Over it floats a small Ameri
can flag At the entrance is a flaring
sign reading "Nine Hour Camp."
The camr roster includes Colonel Louis
Hamer, Lieutenant Colonel Hon. i-on
Henry. Major Hon. J. P. Jones, Cffptain
Bob Cochran, First Lieutenant William
Hognn Second Lieutenant Harry Barber,
Sergeant Pete Petersen, Commissary
(Captain Stew) Ole Olesen, Quartermaster
George Keen. Camp 2is as yet a "skele
ton" organization, having neither a full
quota of officers nor men— Colonel Harry
Tilley, Lieutenant Colonel W. Turner,
Major' Charles Rogers. Captain B. Lewis.
Scouts to do forage duty are numerous.
RUNAWAY ACCIDENT.
SAN QUENTIN, May 6.— State Parole
Clerk W. F. Reynolds sustained a
sprained ankle and severe contusions,
and may have been injured internally, by
lumping from a wagon drawn by a run
away team to-day. Reynolds was in the
mail wagon with a trusty driving, w..en
a train arrived. The horses became
frightened, and, a bit slipping out of ore's
mouth, they tore off toward the prison.
The injured man was treated for his in
juries at the prison hospital. The mail
wagon was almost demolished.
Confirmed by the Senate.
WASHINGTON, May 6.— The Senate to
day confirmed these nominations: Colonel
Charles P. Eagan, assistant commissary
general, to be brigadier-general.
Postmaster: California— J. G. Joy, Sa
linas. Also a number of naval cadets re
oently appointed la the navy.
NAVEL ORANGES
VOTED BEST
Choice of the Southern
California Fruit-
Growers.
Pomological Society Chooses Its
Officers for the Ensuing
Term.
Abbott Kinney Is Elected President
«nd D Edson Smith Vice-
President.
Special Dispatch to The Call.
ORANGE, May 6.— The second day of
the semi-annual meeting of the Po
mological Society of Southern Califor
nia opened with a paper by James
Boyd of Riverside on "The Most Pro
fitable Orange." After a spirited dis
cussion a vote was taken which result
ed in favor of the navel as the best
all-round orange. Mrs. M. A. Handy
read a paper entitled "Decoration of
Home Grounds," and Professor E. J.
Wickson read a paper on "The Best Va
rieties of Fruit for Southern Califor
nia." Mr. Wickson asked the society
for its opinion, and it was suggested
that he spend four weeks in looking
over the field and determine for him
self.
A. D. Bishop of Orange read a paper
on "Migration of Weeds," and Hiram
Hamilton followed with a paper on
"Fruit Pest Quarantine Laws." ,
The election of officers, which was
then taken up, resulted as follows:
President, Abbott Kinney of Los An
geles; vice-president, D. Edson Smith
of Santa Ana; secretary, G. H. A.
Goodwin of Los Angeles; directors, N.
W. Blanchard of Santa Paula, Thomas
Stone of Pasadena, Rev. C. F. Loop of
Pomona, D. G. Edmiston of Los An
geles, E. A. Bovine of Lamanda Park,
A. H. Cammack of Whittier, A. D.
Bishop of Orange, James Boyd of
Riverside, Dr. W. B. Wjill of Tustin,
Leslie F. Gay of Piru and A. P. Grif
fith of Azusa.
The foyowing papers were then read:
"Strawberry Culture," by D. G. Ed
miston of Los Angeles"; "Frost and
Frost Protection," by James Boyd of
Riverside; "Deciduous Fruit Ex
changes," by A. R. Sprague of Los An
geles.
The next meeting of the society will
be held at Covena the first Tuesday in
November.
MIDDLE-AGED MAN WEDS
A CHILD TEN YEARS OLD.
Indignation Aroused at Visalia Over
a Marriage Performed by a Jus
tice of the Peace.
VIS ALT A. May 6.— Much Indignation
was aroused among the residents of this
place this morning when it was learned
that the authorities had permitted the
marriage of a little child of 10 years to a
six-foo*er 38 years old to be solemnized
here last night.
The name of the tiny bride is Alice
Adams, and the groom is James M.
Hitchcock. Both are from Kern County.
One strange feature of the transaction is
that the little girl's fattier, Arthur Ad
ams was along and sanctioned the union.
The license was not issued until legal ad
vice had been obtainegd. A local Justice
of the Peace performed the ceremony.
The father's excuse for allowing the
marriage was that his divorced wife was
endeavoring to keep the little girl in a
disreputable house in Bakersfield, and he
took this plan to get Alice away from her
mother. Hitchcock and his baby bride
and father-in-law left for their homes
this morning. There is strong talk of
prosecuting Hitchcock for marrying the
child.
TRAINS COLLIDE ON
THE MOUNTAIN SIDE.
Twelve Cars Roll Down a Canyon
and Several Trainmen Are
Injured.
REDDTNG. May 6.— A collision occurred
on the Iron Mountain railroad, operated
between the famous Shasta County cop
per producer and the big smelting plant
at Keswick, this afternoon. At the
point where the accident occurred the
road is built on heavy grades and directly
on the mountain side, but fortunately the
engines were pushing their trains, thus
avoiding danger to life and lessening the
loss of property. Twelve cars rolled down
the mountain side and lay in a heap in
the canyon. David Wells, a brakeman,
had his leg badly crushed, and Al Gump
ton and Fred Brooks, trainmen, suffered
injuries. The collision resulted because
orders were given the trains from con
flicting sources.
CALIFORNIANS IN NEW YORK.
NEW YORK. May (s.— Dr. P. W. Mur
phy of San Francisco is at the Waldorf-
Astoria; Robert Wallace of San Francisco
is at the Murray Hill. I. Kahn of San
Francisco has gone to Paris.
CASTORIA
For Infants and Children.
ADVEBTISEMENTa
g» » « » »£! o»ooioK(»b»»aiC(ooao»»»» 0.00
a Third Concert of the Boston Elite £
® Orchestra. »
» LEO BRUCK, Director **
8 Concept From 2 to 5 P. M. To-Day «
5 REPORT: flfOOJf^Jif i CLOSED «
„ .REPORT:- MOGMM ' EVERY »
w Fair «?a+iirrJaw 1. March, "In Command" (new) Michaels PUFWIKir ££
hair Saturday, 2. Overture, "Hunfrarian Lustspiel". Kela Bela tVtNINCa «
** northerly, Chang- 3. Waltz. "Orange Blossoms" (new) Witt AT 6 0 CLOCK, 35
& intr tr> fresh west- *• The Nutmeg- Dance Ellis IMniiniMf; v*
« ing to tresh west- 5. Selection, "The Gondoliers". .Sullivan INLLUUINta &
» erly winds. 6. (a) Intermezzo "II Pagliaccl".. Leoncavallo SATURDAY. ■&
}«• ib) "Flower Song" Lanpe '•*
** 7. Medley. "Music-hall Favorites" Clark «
« 8. Trombone solo. "The Lost Chord". .Sullivan •.•"'■ **■%
** 9. Selection, "The Beggar Student". .Mlllocker &
Q 10. Waltz, "Stories From the Vienna Woods" j-^
j-^ : Strauss **
« 11. Descriptive "Soldiers 1 Life" Kela Bela £<
>5 12. March, "In the Swim" .Brucls C
"America." fc?
g . 55
I Hales. i
« John Wanamaker «
1 Once I
« Said, I
« So long as a business Is conducted Justly, candidly- xf
» and honestly, prosperity will remain its ally. So long as it re- £f
8 mains dutiful to its principles, the people will continue its 93
& friends." * &
» - - ~ * -'- «
« "Good=bye" «
10 101 Dig Not much trouble telling "why"— *£
" C i v I j. sleeves too big. Of course it's easy £|.
® M66VC J3Ck£tS. cutting them down, but that's for £f
8 „ , t . _ . „ . , you to do. A snap for a handy «
Sale beft.ns at BA. M. to-day. seamstress The selling begins at £
£ 8 A. M. We close at 6. Fitting- **
w rooms at your service. Here's the **
" list you choose from: ';'. 3X
» • : — ' . „ '/ »!
5 [p~^r-ji Lot 1. §
« fT^'C^ It L.OZ I. *
o ' F^^ COVERT CLOTH JACKETS— Tans and ■&
— -«<^s^tN^ mixtures — Some button tlpht to the £f
/"'•']r*--*F N \ — Others have notch collar— Most of £jj
£ I/ ' • /}i *V } them our famous last summer $5 jack-
tf vV* \>c, ets— A few were $3 50 and a few Your **;
w s » S° °r^ pick from the lot to-day £?]
1 L^J $1.95 Each.. "
011 il Lot 2. §
® C/^ DOUBLE-BREASTED COVERT CLOTH &
*** _^^C JACKETS— SiIk faced— Velvet collars— «|
6 /^^T^^t^ As neat as wax and flne for summer — w!
O ' » 4"i^ \ select picking from ass lot— the ta- 8
»"'s-Avjy ' blesat • 3
Bm|i v-^V 11 $2.29 Each. «
«|| <?% \\ Lot 3. . 1
0 IV SILK LINED FANCY MIXTURES—
rt 3^\ Natty little creations with velvet col- £6
« y-O'^^^X Workmanship the very best— Were £$
>*\ ( %L "aA O ' exceptionally popular last summer at $5. JOE;
,8" (. * \ /f $65 and The wlndup to-day at ££
fhiyy $3.49 Each, a !
0 [ — ' — —* g
« rWI Lot 4. g
„ V \_s FANCY CLOTH MIXED JACKETS, silk #
- i^C^w ' faced— Velvet collar— Medium weights ££
0 for summer wear— Easy to make the ~|
0 r 3^*oJ slee\'es smaller— Our fitter will show ** :
0 \. A. V > you — These were $6 50 and $7 BO each i 3
" \^ A I / —Your choice to-day for #
« |u£^J $4.49 Each. I
5 ...... . * :
« ■ • »i
$3 and $10 Jackets will be closed out at......... |5.29 Each »
« $12, $13 50 and $18 Jackets will be closed out at.... $8.95 Each «
£ Our fitters will gladly instruct you how to alter the sleeves If you desire to «
£ do so. ';■■%:;■:< ' . *•*!
« — :—: — ' jj
1 Some Saturday «
« Store News. ; % / g
& The "busy little basement bazaar" has grown to be quite a *3
« section In fact, it covers more floor space than any other depart- 33
«. me nt in the store. Nearly 6000 square feet. It's in the new annex— j^j
» ' bip roomy, comfortable— Easy to shop in— Light as day— Every- M
thing here from trunks and hammocks to toys and kitchen uten- W
« sils. ■ «
« The third concert by the "Boston Elite Orchestra." under the ~
~ ; direction of Leo Bruck, will be given to-day— Programme published £$
Q above. the new arrivals we notice some shirred spangled lib- 2
•Q Among the new arrivals we notice some shirred spangled lib- I^i
vk: erty silk at $10 yard— New wash veils from 60c to $1 50, fancy mous- «
Q seline de sole silk tucking, 22 inches wide, at $3 50 yard— a «
& choice lot of red and white plaid percales. **•
n The new trunks and valises keep tumbling in— A big stock all «"
w ready for your choosing— Ye vacationers will save if you choose at 35
» Hale ' - ■ a.
I 937=939=941=943=945=947 MARKET STREET, S. F. |
SUPPLIES
•=« KLONDIKE
should Include «
BORDEN'S ;
Peerless Brand!
EVAPORATED CREAM'
UNSWEETENED %*
:; The high reputation for keeping
qulity Is already well- estab- '
lished; hence, no experiment. ■ ; (
NEW YORK CONDENSED MILK CO. j
Kvvvyvyywvv\/vvvvvvvvvvvvvv»A
<£J£JB& INJECTION. ;
i A; PERMANENT CURE j
• of the mopt obstinate cases of Gonorrhoea «
' and Gleet, guaranteed ,in , from 3 to 6 *
! days ; no other treatment required. . ..' - *
,; ..•'.. ..-.- , Sold by all druggists. ... ■
, ._ _ . -.___»—.—._—. —•» —^
oooooooooooooooooo:
PALACE "•«•?
g GRAND HQTELso
Q SAN FRANCISCO, q
; Connected by a covered passageway. _
° 1400 Rooms. 900 With Bath Attachod. *»'
O'* Aju. Under One MANAGBMKiTE. ■ ' O|
O. NOTE THE PRICES; .■ O
O European Plan. •l.oo per day and upward #>
American Flan. 53. 00 per day and upward ** ■
C Correspondence Solicited. ' O
O JOHN C. XIRKPATBICS, Mintgor. O '
000000000000000000
PChlehf itcr's Encllsh Diamond Brand. "' -
ENNYROYAL PILLS
-/g~y Original and Only Ceanlne. ;A.
*-j^rY'/\. «»fc. always reliable, udiis %»X £S\
& \\ \L~>*Si DragirliJ for Chiclititcr t EnqliiK Dia-jHn\
M)u|E( me nd Brand In Red and Gold mrtal)lc\\HSr
—^feiMboi'?!, soaled -with blue ribboa. Take \2r
' ™ 9^k qa*9no other. Refute dangerous tubttitu- ' V
I / ~ nf lions and imitationi. At Drn^siiu, or Had 4«.
i I (p» - JJf in stamps for particular!, testimonials and
\ Xl* 0 " Relief for Ladle*." <* Utter, by retnm I
A: /T MalL 10.000 T'ltiraonlali. ITtmu Paper. ■
: v "/ Chlohe»tfrt'kemlcal€o.,M/irtl««"*Mi»»r% '
■•14 by all Local Dnnitsti. . PIIILADA., FA>
m:MCMJLTY:
T»HrS WErXKXOWX AND RKLrABLE OLtl
.1 Special Ist c«r« Prlvate^Nervous.Blood and Skin !
Diseases of Men only. Manly Power restored. Over t
20 years' experience. Send for Boole, free.' Patients I
curedatHome. Terms reasonable. Hours, 9 to* 1
dally: 6:3o toB.3oev'ns. . Sandays, 10 to 12. Consulta-
clou free and sacredly confidential. Call or address j
P. BOSCOE 3IeaUI.Tr, If. I>..
86. 1 -.. Kearnr Street. Man franciw*. r«L
The pur» ewentlal extract from the native drag. Con« .
tains all the valuable medicinal properties of Opium ' j
without ! t» noxious elements. . Ho sickness cf stomr.
no Tomlt jig ;no cogtlvenegs ,no hearUclie. All DniJKi
\A/. X. HESS,
. NOTARY PUBLIC AND ATTOBNEY-AT LAW,
Tenth Floor. Room 1015, • Claus Spreckels Bids.
■ :~ :■ ...v Telephone Brown 931. ■ - .
■ Residence. 821 California street, below Pewtl^ ;
San Francisco. _^ •— _. ■-._,- — *-~ '
56
SATURDAY MAY 7, 1898
JOHN D. SPRECKELS, Proprietor.
Address All Communications to W. S. LEAKE, Manager.
PUBLICATION OFFICE Market and Third Sts.. S. F.
Telephone Main 1868.
EDITORIAL R00M5.. ........ 217 to 221 Stevenson Street
■ Telephone Main 1874. ;
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL (DAILY AND SUNDAY) I*
served by carriers In this city and surrounding, towns |
for 15 cents a week- By mall $0 per year; per month
65 cents. /' ' ■'
THE WEEKLY CALL On* year, by mall, $1.50
OAKLAND OFFICE ;i^H^H" •••••908 Broadway
MEW YORK OFFICE Room 188, World Building
DAVID ALLEN, Advertising Representative. ..
WASHINGTON (D. C.) OFFICE.. Rlgfta Hous*
C. C. CARLTON, Correspondent.
CHICAGO OFFICE Marquette Building
C. GEORGE KROGNESS, Advertising Representative.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street, comer Clay,
open until 9:30 o'clock- 237 Hayes' street, «pen until
9:30 o'clock- 621 McAllister street, open until 9:30
o'clock- 615 Larkln street, open until 9:30 o'clock
1941 Mission street, open until 10 o'clock- 2291 Market
street, corner Sixteenth, open until 9 o'clock- 2518
Mission street, open until 9 o'clock- '06 Eleventh
street, open until 9 o'clock- 1505 Polk street, open
until 9:30 o'clock- NW. corner Twenty-second ana
Kentucky streets, open until 9 o'clock-
AMUSEMENTS.
Baldwin— "The Purser."
Columbia— -a Secret Warrant"
California- "A Texas Steer."
Alcacar— "Th<» Gay Parisian*."
Morosco "B— "Hearts of New York."
Tlvoll— "Wang."
Orpheum— Vaudeville.
The Chutes -Zoo, Vaudeville, and "African Lion Hunt"
Oiympla— Corner Masou and Eddy streets. Specialties.
Central Park— Do? and Pony Show.
Sutro Baths — Swimming.
El Campo— Music clanclugr boating, fishing:, every Sunday,
Coursing — Inglesldo Coursing Park.
California Jockey Cub, Oakland— Races.
AUCTION SALES.
By & Watklnß— This day, May 6, Horses, at oorner Tenth and
Bryaut streets, at U oclock.
By CJ. H. Uinbsen & Co.— Monday, May », Read Estate, at U
Montgomery street, at 12 o'clock.
FOR THE KLONDIKE.
\A R. S. W. WALL, whose splendid service in
/ \ Alaska and the Klondike country during the
* past winter enabled The Call to furnish its
readers with an unrivaled series of reports of events
and conditions in that region, started on his return
to Dawson last night, and will carry with him a
special edition of The Call containing, for the benefit
of Alaskan readers, a full report oi all the war news
up to date.
The achievements of Mr. Wall in the arduous work
of newsgathering along the Yukon are among the
most notable triumphs of recent journalism. When
the boat on which he had embarked for Dawson was
stopped by reason of the low water in the river last
summer he at once started to make his way by canoe.
Succeeding in this, he carried to the people of Daw
son and the Klondike generally the first information
of the stopping of the supply boats at points along the
lower river. This news gave warning of possible
famine during the winter and enabled hundreds to
leave Dawson and make their way to other places
where ample supplies existed, thus relieving to a
large extent the strain at Dawson and saving the gold
districts from the calamity which threatened them.
During the winter, when no further news of im
portance wasto be gathered in Dawson itself, Mr. Wall
made his way down the river and obtained accurate
information of the movements and location of hun
dreds of men and women who had gone into the
country during the rush and of whose whereabouts
their friends knew nothing. These reports, published
in The Call, carried relief to many anxious house
holds. In that and in other midwinter journeys Mr.
Wall gathered information which enabled him to
give to the public through The Call the fullest and
most accurate reports of the various mining camps
and diggings which have ever been published.
By continuing this successful correspondent in the
Alaskan field The Call assures its readers the best
and most reliable news service in that region. It
confers a benefit upon the people of Alaska also by
sending north with him the Klondike supplement re
lating to the war. The work of preparing the supple
ment has been carefully done. It gives the record of
events leading to the outbreak of hostilities and all
important incidents that have occurred since. To
Americans who in those remote districts have been
deprived of news this edition of The Call will be of
the greatest value, as it will enable them to have a
clear understanding of the whole situation which they
could not obtain from the ordinary editions of news
papers which may reach them.
The act of the Cuban who expectorated in the face
of Colonel de Cortijo cannot be regarded as an evi
dence of refinement, yet it served the colonel rightly.
De Cortijo had once subjected the Cuban to a similar
indignity. If the eye for an eye business is applicable
to the present situation it certainly embraces the in
stance cited, unless one of the parties at interest is
addicted to the unpleasant habit of chewing tobacco.
Senor Dv Bosc has been spitting Spanish fire in
the direction pf the United States. Nevertheless, not
a feather of the eagle has been scorched. Dv Bosc
might be tolerably successful as a pyrotechnic dis
play, but as a war measure he is no mor effective
than the others devised by Spain. Canada ought to
put him out
The man who in a mining town of Washington
tore down the stars and stripes and put up the Span
ish flag instead was merely ordered out of town. An
American trying the reverse of this trick in Spain
wouldn't have any such luck.
Sir Charles Dilke declares that no power will in
terfere with the course of the United States in the
Philippines. Evidently he does not regard Spain as
& power, and the impression that his estimate is cor
rect is steadily growing.
It is pleasing to note the sympathy of the Examiner
for its own readers. With a sincerity so emphatic
as to bring tears to the eyes it condoles with people
who have to read fakes or nothing.
One value attaching to the rumor that the Queen
Regent is to leave Spain arises from the fact that it
can always be denied next day, thus becoming two
rumors of dignity and importance.
It is to be regretted that so large a proportion of
the Police Commission is under the weather. Their
absence from duty permits Chief Lees to be almost too
numerous.
Murderer Ebank9 must be a man of some dignity.
He has just been sentenced for the fourth time to be
hanged, and yet he did not ejaculate "Chestnuts."
MORGAN'S CANOL BILL.
NO little gratification is felt at the announce
ment from Washington that Senator Morgan
has reintroduced his Nicaragua canal bill,
slightly amended, and will at the earliest opportunity
urge action upon it. The importance of the project
was never more apparent than now, and Congress
can well afford to give it consideration before ad
journment.
According to reports from Washington the new
measure is framed upon the same principles as for
mer bills, but there are several new provisions, the
most notable of which is one authorizing the Presi
dent to invest in the canal bonds the money realized
by the Government from the sales of the Central and
Union Pacific railroads.
Past discussions of the subject have shown that
among supporters of the project wide differences of
opinion exist on minor matters of detail in the various
plans proposed for accomplishing the work. These
differences should now be harmonized on some plan
which will provide for the construction of the canal
under Government supervision and on terms that will
give the Government control over it when com
pleted. The very suggestion that the nation invest
in the bonds of the canal the money derived from the
sales of the subsidized Pacific roads is itself a warning
to the Government not to repeat the blunder made
in the grants for the construction of those roads.
One experiment of that kind is enough.
The fact that the nation has now to make heavy ex
penditures for war is no reason why it should not
undertake the cost of this great work. It is in the
truest sense of the word a war measure as well as a
commercial enterprise. The canal would immensely
strengthen the effective force of our navies by
enabling the Pacific and Atlantic fleets to co-operate
with one another in case of need. At present they
are separated by such a long distance of sea voyaging
that they are powerless to combine, and thus for
naval warfare our compact republic is almost as
badly off as if half of it were on one side of the
globe and half on the other.
Senator Morgan has long been an earnest and
vigorous supporter of the construction of the canal,
and, while he is now old and worn with ill health, he
is still a leader of power and influence in the Senate.
There is reason to believe, therefore, that if properly
supported by the country at large he will be able to
have his bill taken up for consideration without long
delay. Boards of trade, chambers of commerce and
other bodies representing the commercial and in
dustrial interests of the people should unite in urging
action upon it. As a war measure the Nicaragua
canal is of the highest importance, and now that war
is upon us is the time to close up the debate on the
issue and begin the work.
AN ARTIFICIAL NECESSITY.
IS an attempt made to create an artificial necessity
for the annexation of Hawaii?
That country lies 2000 miles from our shores
and is 5000 miles from Manila. The plea is made that
a naval expedition from San Francisco 10 Manila
must coal at Honolulu, and that taking coal in Hawaii
will break the neutrality of that country and make
her an ally of the United States; therefore we should
annex.
The folly of the argument is exposed when it is
remembered that we have been offered coal by the
Straits Settlements and other British colonies in
Asiatic waters, and no one has pretended that the
neutrality of Great Britain is broken thereby and
that she becomes our ally.
No government has yet declared coal contraband
of war in the Pacific. It may be sold to either Spain
or the United States without breach of neutrality.
England has declared it contraband in the Atlantic
only. She owns all the coal in stock from Aden to
Hongkong, and will not declare it contraband in
that hemisphere because she has it for sale, and can
withhold it from Russia or Germany without a con
traband declaration, and can sell it to the United
States if she choose.
This leaves coal free in the Pacific and we can get
it where it is to be found, unless we declare it con
traband ourselves, which is not likely.
So the emergency argument for renewal of the
rank scheme of annexation has no foundation. Its
reappearance is suggestive of the effect upon this
country of the war in which we are engaged. Spain
is dropping to pieces as the result of following the
path of "manifest destiny" for four centuries. It is a
far cry from cause to effect, but the life of nations
exceeds that of many "generations of men.
Spain wanted islands, colonies, "gems of the An
tilles" and "the garden of the Eastern seas." She
reached out for spice islands, gold mines :.nd every
thing profitable and pretty. She invented necessi
ties, discovered policies and created pretexts for
planting her standards in every zone. Here it was
to save the souls of natives, and there it was to get
rid of their bodies, and everywhere it was a policy
of extension of power and prestige.
Considered as # a national policy every argument
now made for taking Hawaii against the protest of
98 per cent of its people, and for holding the Philip
pines, if we have them, and for keeping Cuba, which
will be attempted in defiance of our solemn counter
declaration, may be found in Spanish history from
1492 until now.
The patriotic support of the war and the flag where
ever it floats should not be used to make such •». grave
and far-reaching change in our national policy.
We should not invite an unanswerable criticism
which will put us on the defensive before the world
by professing high motives in making Cuba inde
pendent while we destroy the independence of Hawaii
against the protest of her people.
Weyler still insists that the loss of the Maine was
due to lack of discipline in the American navy. He
can hardly ascribe the loss of several Spanish ships to
the same cause. Nevertheless, Weyler may be less a
fool than would appear. He may yet be asked some
pointed personal questions about the Maine and then
denied the opportunity to lie.
Information that the success of the American navy
has caused little pleasure to Continental politicians
will not occasion any deep distress. So far as can
be learned from official sources the navy was not or
ganized for the purpose of giving pleasure to dip
lomatic gentlemen living abroad.
An "American diplomatist" living in Paris is said
to have remarked that this country would b,e glad
of the intervention of Europe. Before accepting his
view as final it is well to recall that the "American
diplomatist" is simply first cousin to "prominent
citizen.'"
Whcp the Governor of the Philippines shall issue
another proclamation perhaps he will omit from it
any mention of the circumstances that the Yankees
can't fight and that they lack discipline.
THE SAN FKAKCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
THE Continental League is reported as opposing
the adoption of the new charter on the ground
that it confers upon the Mayor extraordinary
and dangerous political powers. In defending the
instrument from the assertions of the league a morn-
ing contemporary declares that this ground is a
bugaboo. "The new charter," says the journal in
question, "does not vest any extreme power in the
Mayor; in fact, it makes a very slight advance in
that direction. The most important increase in his
appointing power results from the appointment of the
boards and commissions now appointed by the Gov
ernor."
It is such statements as this which inflict immense
damage upon the prospects of the proposed charter.
There is scarcely a grain of truth in the allegation
that the instrument merely transfers appointments
from the Governor to the Mayor. Any intelligent
person may ascertain the exact amount of truth by
examining the charter itself.
The proposed Board of Public Works, which is to
be appointed and removed by the Mayor at pleasure,
is to supplant the Superintendent of Streets, City En
gineer and Street Committee of the Supervisors, all
of whom are now elected by the people. Here, then,
are extraordinary powers transferred from the people
to the Mayor. The Board of Education is now
elected by the people. The charter confers its ap
pointment upon the Mayor and authorizes him to re
move its members at pleasure. The Police Commis
sion is now appointed by the Governor in conse
quence of a failure of the law, but since 1878 that
official has named but two Commissioners. As
things stand the Police Commission is practically ap
pointed for life. At all events there is no power of
removal.
The Fire Commission is now appointed by the
Governor and Supervisors jointly, the latter appoint
ing two, the former two, and one, who was chosen by
the Judge of a court abolished by the constitution of
1879, holding office for life. There is no power of re
moval except for cause. The Board of Health is ap
pointed by the Governor for a fixed term, and the
Election Commission, which now consists of the
Mayor, Auditor, Tax Collector, City Attorney and
Surveyor, is elected by the people. The Park Com-
missioners are appointed by the Governor, and un
der the present law there is no Civil Service Commis
sion. This is the extent to which the proposed char
ter has vested in the Mayor "the appointment of
boards and commissions now appointed by the Gov
ernor."
Nor is this all. Not only is the appointment of
these bodies placed in the hands of the Mayor, but
he may remove them at pleasure. He may also sus
pend elected officials. This makes the entire govern
ment subservient to him. We have no disposition to
quarrel with the Freeholders for presenting to us this
kind of a political monarch; perhaps they think he
will emancipate us from the thralldom of the bosses.
But we do object to smuggling him through the bal-
lot boxes by misrepresentation. If a powerful Mayor
is a good thing, why not make a clean breast of him
and defend the charter on the ground that he is a
reform innovation? The pleas of denial and avoid
ance which are being entered are calculated to make
the people think there is a job of some kind behind
the charter. For whom is this vast political power
being centralized? In the event of the adoption of
the charter who is going to exercise it?
THE INCOME TAX FOLLY.
GENERAL GRANT'S statement that in every
political crisis the Democratic leaders can be
always counted on to blunder is as true of the
party to-day under the leadership of Bryan and
Bailey as it was under that of Seymour and Hen
dricks. A striking illustration of the fatuous folly of
this blundering is shown in the course pursued by the
party in opposing the war revenue bill and seeking to
amend it by imposing an income tax as a substitute
for the proposed bond issue.
There is not the slightest chance of getting the
House or even the Senate to agree to an income
tax. There is not the slightest reason to believe the
people favor any such tax. It is fairly certain the
Supreme Court would set such a tax aside as un-
constitutional if it were enacted. What then, in the
name of reason, political sagacity and good horse
sense, do the Democratic leaders mean by pushing
such a proposition to the front and wasting time and
lung power in discussing it?
It is asserted, indeed, with some vehemence by
certain of the blundering Bourbons that the Supreme
Court declared the Wilson income tax to be uncon
stitutional, but would uphold such a tax at this junc
ture as a war measure. So far as can be seen, how
ever, there is not the slightest ground of law, reason
or evidence to serve as a basis for this assertion. It
seems to have been made solely for the purpose of
providing a seeming justification for the folly of ad
vocating the tax and was clearly designed for use in
Buncombe County rather than in Washington.
Here is a set of political leaders holding high office
and entrusted with the duties and responsibilities of
statesmen who, in the face of a war sure to entail
large expenditures, urge the adoption of a system of
taxation which has just been declared unconstitu
tional. Their only argument for such a course is
based upon the possibility that the court might re
verse itself. They would expose the income of the
nation in time of war to that chance. They would
turn away from sure sources of revenue for the pur
pose of imposing an unpopular, unjust and doubtful
tax simply to be consistent with their campaign cries
against wealth and the thrifty and enterprising men
whose incomes are somewhat larger than those of the
general mass.
Tactics of this kind are not only below the level of
statesmanship, but beneath that of ordinarily clear
sighted politicians. They are the outcome of folly
which in its oa^ure is best characterized by the fam
iliar term, "pure cussedness."
The distinguished officers of the National Guard
might as well understand that in this emergency no
body cares whether they get high-sounding jobs or
not. The little affair with Spain was not brought on
with a special view to letting be-braided officers shine
on parade.
Germany is inclined to the opinion that the United
States Government was all the while casting an en
vious eye on the Philippines, which shows the ten
dency of people to judge others by themselves.
If to display in large type the line, "News From
Dewey," and under it in much smaller letters,
"Anxiously Awaited," is not bunko business, the
gold brick game is honest enterprise.
It is all right, of course, to have parades in honor
of Commodore Dewey, but by waiting a short time
the parades would apply as well to Sampson and
Schley.
WHY THIS CHICANERY?
THE HEART OF A SOLDIER.
SPANISH DOCKYARDS.
IN 1884 the Bpanish Government con
ceived a very elaborate naval scheme
and the Cortes was asked in all ser
iousness to sanction It and vote $46
000,000 to cover a period of ten years. The
plan provided for twelve armorclads, two
armored cruisers, seven cruisers of thu
first class, nine second class, eleven third
class, thirty-two torpedo-boats and six
transports. The money was not voted
and the programme has been greaily
modified, with the result that Spain has
only one armorclad built md one Under
construction; the armored cruiser class
has been materially increased anil only
three out of sixteen of the larger cruis
ers have been built. Fully $46,001,0(10 has
been spent, however, upon new construe
tion and the four dockyards have bt;«:n
kept busy. The naval arsenals o* Spain
are at Cartagena, Ferrol, Carrara and
Cadiz, and there are also two private
establishments for ships and engine con
struction, one at Cadiz, the other at fail
bao. The latter yard is conducted by
the Palmer firm of Yarrow-on-Tyne, ond
the Spanish Government has made cer
tain concessions and given guarantees—
the latter fortified by hypothecating part
of the profits from the Almaden mines —
to keep the establishment going. As all
the material used for ship and engine
building has to be imported the lock
yards and private yards labor under great
disadvantages, and it has become neces
sary to go to foreign countries for ships.
While the Spanish mechanics are fairly
good, the management of the yards is
like the naval establishment in its en
tirety utterly Inefficient, the progress of
COLLECTED IN
THE CORRIDORS
E. Jacobs, the Vlsalia banker, arrived
yesterday.
A. J. Larsen, proprietor of the Lodi Sen
tinel, is at the Grand.
E. B. Edson, a prominent business man
of Slskiyou County, is in the city.
Judge John D. Blcknell and wife of Los
Angeles are guests at the Palace.
E. de Reynier, a lumber merchant of
Sanger, Is in the city on business.
H. D. C. Bernard, a Santa Cruz law
yer, registered at the Lick yesterday.
T. E. Johnson, a vineyardist of San
Joee, Is spending a few days in this city.
P. Humbert of Boston, a well known
mining operator, is in the city on busi
ness.
Harry Z. Austin, a Hawaiian sugar
planter, is visiting this city and is a guest
at the Occidental.
Ex-Senator J. N. Gillett of Eureka ar
rived in this city yesterday and is regis
tered at the Grand.
E. Zanetti, one of the most extensive
ranchers of San Benito County, is visit
ing friends in this city.
Ex-Judge L. L. Chamberlain came down
from Auburn yesterday for a brief visit
to friends in this city.
Percy Davis, a prominent merchant of
Coultervllle, arrived in the city yesterday.
He is registered at the Grand.
Chief Engineer Henry A. Brainard of
the Stockton and Tuolumne Railroad, ar
rived from Stockton yesterday.
Carl E. Lindsey, District Attorney of
Santa Cruz County and an officer of the
Naval Battalion, is a guest at the Grand.
Among the visitors to the city who reg
istered at the Lick House yesterday is
John L. Hudner, the attorney, of Hollis
ter.
Albert M. Johnson, the well known law
yer, of Sacramento, and his wife are vis
iting friends here. They are staying at
the California Hotel.
W. Forsyth, Lee L. Gray and L. R.
Payne, prominent vlneyardlsts and raisin
packers of Fresno, are among the guests
at the Occidental Hotel.
Among the arrivals at the Palace yes
terday were Albert C. Bunage, a promi
nent lawyer of Boston; Mrs. Bunage, A.
C. Bunage Jr., F. H. Bunage, Russell Bu
nage, Miss Bessie Bunage. Mrs. E. R.
Hashell, Miss S. A. Hashell and H. Lewis.
The party is touring the Pacific Coast.
ENGLAND'S WAY.
The King of Abyssinia once seized a
certain Captain Campbell and put him in
a dungeon. Campbell was a British sub
ject. His immediate release was demand
ed and King Theodore refused. England
fitted out an army at once and, marching
it 900 miles over morass and mountain,
broke down the gates of the dungeon and
bore Captain Campbell home in safety. It
cost valuable lives and millions of money
to protect and save this one British sub
ject, but it is such deeds as this that help
to make a nation proud and prosperous.—
Boston Globe.
GREAT COUNTRY FOR FIATTSTS.
Spain has declined to issue 500,000,000
more paper pesetas. What a picnic Spain
would be for our friends the Populists.
Since more money makes good times,
what a glorious time they would have in
a country that can have aJI the money it
wants based on nothing anu reaweuutJNa
in nothing. — Minneapolis JournaJ.
A COMFORTABLE! SURPLUS.
There is a surplus of volunteers to meet
the call for 125,000 men, and in war, as in
finance, a surplus is much better than a
deficit.— Glc ,;e-Democrat
Where la the heart of ft soldier.
His thought, his hope and his dream.
When the rifles ring and the bullets stag,
And the flashing sabers gleam? 'v^
Oh, not on the field of battle,
But far and far away.
His heart Is. living the old, old hopes,
While his sword Is red In the fray I
Where Is the heart of a soldier, .
And what do the 'bugles wake,
And what does the roar of the cannon mean
When the hills beneath them shake?
Oh,, not for him the glory,
And the dash and crash of war,";.':;:
But his' heart Is away on a mission gay
Where they hear no cannon roar!
And there is the heart of a soldier—
A little home on the hill,
A whitefaced woman, - a little child.
That stand by the window sill;
A little song and a little prayer.
And a wonder in the face.
And a "God save papa and bring him back
In the goodness of thy grace!"
And there is the heart of a soldier-
Not on the field of fight.
But steeped in the dream of a saddened home
Where a window keeps its light \ / •■
That a soldier's feet may keep the path
And his way may homeward lead.
When under the flag of the f reedomland '
He has wrought tho hero's deed.
Tea, there Is the heart of a soldier.
Where wife and baby, are,
Though his" eyes and his will may follow
The light of the battle star;
Though his hand may swing the saber.
And his bayonet charge the foe.
The soldier's heart Is away, away.
In the home where they miss him so!
—Baltimore News.
work exceedingly slow and the cost cor
respondingly high.
It is only at the Nervion shipyard at
Bilbao, under English management, that
work is done expeditiously, and the three
fine armored cruisers— lnfanta Maria
Teresa, Oquendo and Viscaya— were built
in reasonable time and moderate cost, the
contract price being $2,855,000 for each. On
the other hand, those built at the dock
yards have taken from six to seven
years, and the Relna Mercedes, of 3520
tons, built at Cartagena, took twelve
years. The Princesse de Austria, begun
In October, 1889. at Carraca, was launched
seven years later, and during the last
year on the stocks progressed at the rate
of only about 2000 pounds per day.
Of the small cruiser class of 1130 tons,
the Isla de Cuba and Isla de Luzon were
built on the Clyde at a cost each of $223,
590. The Marquis de la Ensanada, built
at Carraca, cost $1,439,973, or more than
five times that of the Clyde built vessels
even after making an allowance of
25- per cent for exchange, a? Spanish
money outside of the country is subject
to that discount In ordinary times. Tho
Don Antonio de Ulloa and Don Juan de
Austria required four years at the dock
yards at Cadiz and Cartagena, although
only of 1130 tons, and the torpedo-gunboat
Filipias, of 750 tons, built by contract,
cost $504,200, or about double the expense
of building a similar vessel in this coun
try.
There are fnstances of long delays in
other navies in completing ships, and we
have had some notable cases in this coun
try. Such cases, however, proceeded from
causes quite different from the chronic
state of "donothingness" which exists in
the yards of the South American states,
France and Portugal, but is most pro
nounced In Spain.
VOICE OF THE NATION.
THE COMMAND OF JUSTICE.
The men who will bear the brunt of the
struggle are entitled by their very position
to be free from criticism by those who re
main in the rear. Trust the President;
trust the navy; trust the army; support
the Government. — Buffalo Express.
DECATUR'S IMMORTAL, TOAST.
The die is cast, and- all true Americans
will stand by their country • confident that
she is right, but, right or wrong, they are
for the country still.— Oswego Palladium.
HERE'S TO THE ANGLO-SAXON.
Has Continental Europe known any
thing like it In Its own experience since
the Crusades? Here we are challenging
a crowned head and demanding the sur
render of sovereignty over a rich posses
sion, in a Quarrel riot our own, for the
sake of humanity. No wonder the powers
misunderstand us. That any of these
powers could have interfered seriously in
our course as regards Cuba is doubtful,
but it is certain that we owe much to the
friendship of Great Britain. That friend
ship will be remembered all the more
cordially, since we have had so much to
complain of in the past.— Albany Express.
WISDOM ALLIED WITH PATRIOTISM.
The cry of "open up on Morro Castle
and run up the Stars and Stripes" is ab
surd. No attention should be paid to the
parrot-like repetitions that "every day's
I delay Is a day gained for Spain," and that
I "timidity in war is a crime." We shall
i go "On to Havana" when the time comes.
! Have patience and trust in the President.
Every move on the checker-board of war
, will be made as rapidly as possible, but
i we cannot sacrifice the lives of thousands
of our citizen soldiery for the mere sake
of pleasing the unthinking and the Im
patient. — Philadelphia Inquirer.
UP WITH THE PLAQ.
Up with the Stars and Stripes! Let the
Star-spangled Banner drape its beautiful
folds wherever the eye may turn. If
your home is but a room in a garret let a
flag, be It the tiniest, flutter from its
window. If your business is but a peanut
stand you can ennoble it with a penny
flag. Price has nothing to do with patri
otism. Up with the Stars and Stripes!
Let them wave over every schoolhouse.
Let them drape over every place of
amusement! Let them decorate every
home, however humble,! Let no store nor
workshop be without them. Up with the
flag!— Boston Traveler.
WHERE A PROVERB APPLIES.
Common emotion has drawn England
i and America together as never before.
Both peoples in the light of coming battle
nee that they are one as no other sepa-
I rate and independent nations of the
world around can be. Spain and Europe
i both recognize England as our ally. This
country sees that its natural 'ally and
supporter is Great Britain. The bitterness
of years has faded. The love and sym
pathy of race have asserted themselves.—
Philadelphia Press.
WHAT THE ALLIANCE MEANS.
Suppose that, for purposes of common
defense and of common interest, the Unit
ed States and the British empire should
stand together, what combination of the
powers could resist them? Anglo-Saxon
unity is. self-suggestive— not for the pur
poses of aggression; not to make war, but
to make future wars impossible by com
manding the peace with power to enforce
it.— Philadelphia Record.
A POSSIBILITY.
It would be a strange sequel to the
drawing of the sword by the United States
if the map of nations should be graced
by not only a republic of Cuba/but one
In Spain also.— Philadelphia Ledger.
THE MINES^OF CASTILfc.
Evidently the mines of Havana harbor
are not coal mines, though thß latter
would be better means of defense.-fltts
burg Dispatch.
FAME REVISING THE LIST.
Age has its privileges. It has been said
an experienced man knows what he can
not do. A young man knows no jL h *?f h °'
the kind. And he therefore aceomplshes
the impossible. The heroes of this new
war-if war shall come-are ", kel >' J?,^
entire additions to our list of notables,,
men who come with no credentials yet
achieve marvels.— Chicago Times-Hert-ld.
TROPHIES^ OF THE CHASE.
When our army returns from Cuba It
must not fail to bring sections of Wey
ler's trocha along as trophies.— bt. i^ouis
Republic.
ANSWERS TO CORRESPONDENTS.
TOD SLOAN'S AGE— Tod's Admirer,
City. Tod Sloan, the lightweight jockey,
is 28 years of age.
THREE GENERALS— P. J-. City. Gen
eral Shatter was born in Michigan. Gen
eral Miles in Massachusetts and General
Coppinger in Ireland.
TWO MOUNTAINS— S. A. M.. City.
Mount Hercules in New Guinea has an al
titude of 32,786 feet. The height of Mount
Everest is 29,002 feet.
NOT IN OAKLAND— A. S., Oakland.
The lady inquired about does not have an
office in Oakland. This department can
not advertise where her office Is.
AN INSANE PERSON— A. B. J.. City.
It is the duty of an arresting officer who
has taken a person in custody for insan
ity to search him or her at the prison
and turn over to the prison keeper any
property he or she may have for safe
keeping. It is not a part of the duty of
the arresting officer to take charge of all
the property that an Insane person may
be possessed of and to apply for a guard
ian of person and estate. If it should
come to the knowledge of the arresting
officer that the party accused Is without
relatives or friends and that he hiia
property he would report that fact to the
superior officers of the police department,
and they would take some action to have
the same protected.
A PRIZE— O. Q., City. The general un
derstanding among all amateur associa
tions is that "an amateur is one who has
not entered in an open competition; or for
either a stake, public or admission money
or entrance fee; or under a fictitious
name; or has not competed with or
against a professional for any prize, or
where an admission fee is charged; or
who has not instructed, pursued or as
sisted in the pursuit of athletic exercises
as a- means of livelihood, or for gain or
any emolument." The communication
does not state the condition or standing
of the "two men who boxed before a
club for a medal," consequently it is im
possible to answer the question are they
amateurs?"
LOST PAPERS— L. A.. City. If you
lost your first papers all you have to do
is to apply to the court in which you filed
your application and obtain a certified,
copy of them. These will answer tho
purpose of the original, and upon them
you can obtain your final papers of nat
uralization, provided that you have re
sided continuously within the united
States for five years, one year at least in
the State or Territory In which is located
the court In which you shall apply for
the final papers, and that you are a man
of good moral character, attached to tho
principles of the constitution of the
United States of America and disposed to
the good order and happiness of the same.
BfITTLE-SHIP AND TORPEDO-BOflT
Smooth and lean— have stripped her
clean -.'.-■
Down to her leering guns.
A- weather and lee she smashes the sea
With her weight of ten thousand tons.
From bow to stern her watchers turn
The beams of her searching suns.
A-wash, half drowned, we speed, around
To beat the veering light.
For she must see ere her fanga are free
That she may begin to bite.
And we laugh where we lie, at the blundering 1
eye
That mlssea us In the night.
They have freighted her with five hundred
men;
She Is fierce with rifled guns;
But she csannot mark as she rolls In th» dark,
The death that comes and runs.
We flit aa a mist wreath on the sea.
And ere her topmen leap
We have struck and fled and the riven dead
Are sucked In the whirling deep.
J. W. M. in N. Y. Press.
Bead the exciting adventures of a
party of argonauts who have sailed
20,000 miles to search for Alaska's
gold; in next Sunday's Call.
V"- >.'■ -.".•• ■ ;; — — • ♦ «
Peanut taffy beat in the world. Townsnd*
.■ m ■
Cream mixed candies, 25c lb. Townsend's*
» m ■
A choice present— Townsend'B California
glace fruits, 50c lb. in fire-etched boxes. •
* Special information supplied dally 'to
business houses and public men by th«
Press Clipping Bureau (Allen's), 510 Mont
gomery street. Telephone Main IW2. •
Special Notice.
Those troubled with dandruff and Itch
ing scalp mail this to Smith Bros, for free
sample of Smiths' Dandruff Pomade. For
sale by all druggists. •
THE BRINK OF REVELATION.
Queen Victoria's voice is to be kept in
the British Museum through the medium
of a phonograph. It would puzzle the
wisest of prophets to foretell what won
derful achievements the end of the next
century will be recording for posterity.
With all our wonderful discoveries we
seem to be merely on the brink of revela
tion as far as the scientific and natural
worlds are concerned.— Baltimore Ameri
! can. . ' '
— ■ ♦ ■ - — —
Fob Hoarseness, Coughs, asthma and
BKONCHIAL TBOUBLEB, use " Brown' Bronchial
iSi rochet." Sold only In hexes, Avoid Imitations
' .. ', .' : »» ■
Angostura Bitters are endorsed by all the
leading physicians and ciemtsts for purity and
! wholesome-ness. Get the genuine.— Sieg-ert"s.
..♦ . ■
, Kkmove the causes that make your hair lifeless
and gray with Pabkkb's llaib Balsam.
Pabkkb's Gixoer Tonic cures Inward pain.
- ' 11' > ■
DYSPEPSIA CAN BE CURED BY USING
Acker's Dyspepsia Tablets. One little tablet
will Rive Immediate relief or money refunded.
Sold In handsome tin boxes at No Percentage
Pharmacy. ■
DID NOT START AT THE TOP.
It might not be out of place to mention
the fact that Hannibal, Caesar, Alexan
der Marlborough. Frederick.Washington,
Bonaparte, Grant anil all the other fa
mous warriors of ancient and modern Uis
tory had to leurn the business of soldier
ing before they were placed in charge ot
brigades.— Chicago Inter Ocean.
ADVEBTISEMENTS.
The Royal is the highest grade baking powder
known. Actual tests show it goes one-
third farther than may other brand,
- i■■ - ■ . . . '■ ■.
. KJGPJP
POWDER
Absolutely Pure ,
ill »OVAL MWIHa fowoßß co., new you*. ' , - ■REPUBLICANS
OPEN THE
CAMPAIGN
Plans for First Con
vention of League
Clubs.
It Will Be Held in This
City on the JLast Day
of May.
Delegates From Every County
in the State Will Be
Present.
TWO COMMITTEES NAMED
San Francisco and Alamada County
Stalwarts Perfect Plans for the
Gathering.
A meeting of representative Republi
cans of San Francisco and Alameda
counties was held in the rooms of the
Union League Club in the Palace Hotel
last evening for the purpose of perfect
ing arrangements for the first biennial
convention of the California League of
Republican Clubs, to be held in this
city May 31.
Colonel George B. Stone was ap
pointed chairman. After stating the
object of the meeting he called upon
those present to offer suggestions as to
the best plan to be pursued to insure
the success of the convention, as well
LABOR COUNCIL DENOUNCES OTIS,
Harrison G. Otis will not be appointed to any position of prominence
or trust if the working people of the State have anything to sny about It.
The differences between Colonel Otis and the Typographical Union are so
well known throughout the State as to need little comment, but the mem
bers of that organization are not willing to bury the hatchet. They have
Y^eon waiting for an opportunity to strike a blow, and it looks as though
the opportunity has at last arrived.
• At the meeting of the Building Trades Council Thursday night strong
repnimimis were adopted and telegraphed to the President. Last night the
San Francisco Labor Council held its weekly meeting, and the representa
tives from the Typographical Union lost no time in bringing the matter be
fore the house. There was little time wasted in speech-making, but had the
man from Los Angeles been present and heard the outburst of stinging,
scornful words, the arraignment of his character and the quotation of his
own words against the working people and National Guard, it is probable
that his ears would have tingled. Referring to the warrior-editor, one of
the speakers declared he "contaminated with his presence."
The Labor Council had no elaborate set of resolutions provided, but its
action was pertinent and decisive. The secretary was instructed to at once
wire the President and California's representatives in Congress that the
appointment of Harrison G. Otis to the position of brigadier general or any
other position of honor or trust would be odious to organized labor, as
the man Is despised by all who earn their bread by the sweat of their brow.
This action was taken without a dissenting voice, but one of the mem
bers of the council suggested that it would be a good plan to have "the
friend of rats and scabs" placed in some position where he would stand a
good chance of being killed at the first fire. The two organizations which
have condemned Otis jointly represent over 20,000 voters.
as anything that might be offered in
the way of plans for the successful con
duct of the campaign. Many responses
were made, and It was finally decided
to authorize the chairman to apnoint
a committee of seven to take charge of
and perfect all arrangements for the
convention. A reception committee, to
be composed of the presidents of all
the district clubs in San Francisco and
Alameda counties, will have charge of
the accommodation and reception of all
delegates to the convention. Both
committees will meet in the rooms of
the Union League Club next Wednes
day evening for the purpose of per
fecting organization and mapping out
the work that is before them. Follow
ing: is the official call for the conven
tion:
LOS ANGELES, Cal., April 20, 1808.
By authority of the National Republi
can League Convention of 1897 and under
the direction of the California State
League, a convention of delegates from
all the Republican clubs of this State is
hereby called to meet in the city of San
Francisco on Tuesday, May 31, 1888, at 1
o'clock p. m. The convention will continue
Its session until the business for which it
is called is completed.
Each Republican club In California, in
cluding those of the American Republi
can College League, shall be entitled to
one delegate at large and one delegate
additional for every twenty-five members
upon its rolls; organizations of Republi
can veterans are especially invited to par
ticipate. No club shall be entitled to rep
resentation in the State League Conven
tion unless it has been organized and in
existence at least ten days prior to the
date of the convention. No person shall
be counted for representation in more
than one club. All delegates shall file
with the Secretary of the convention cer
tificates of election signed by the presi
dent and secretary of their clubs. These
•will be accepted as proper credentials at
San Francisco.
In addition, each club shall furnish Its
delegates with a certified list of Its mem
bers for the use of the committee on
credentials. The following are ex-offlcio
delegates, viz.: President, secretary and
treasurer of the State League; the presi
dent and secretary of each Congressional
District League, the vice-president for
California of the National League, the
members of the National League exec
utive committee for California and chair
man of American College League of Cali
fornia. _, ,
The business of the convention will In
clude reports from the officers of the
league, the election of State officers for
the ensuing year, the designation of time
and place for holding the next conven
tion, the adoption of a constitution and
a general discussion of plans for league
organization. The latter, will include the
prosecution of a vigorous campaign
through permanent headquarters, the ac
quirement and distribution of Republi
can literature, the organization of county
. leagues and local clubs and the arrange
ments for a thorough canvass of the
State by Republican speakers.
An evening mass-meeting, to .be ad
dressed by speakers of national repute,
will be one of the' events of the occasion.
The various railroads and steamship
lines will make reduced rates • for round
trip tickets, and the citizens of San
Francisco cordially invite the patriotic
Republicans of the State, whether dele
gates or not, to attend this gathering.
We cannot over estimate the value of
this convention to our party. The victory
of 1896 does not guarantee permanency of
power. We shall vote this year for mem
bers of Congress, members of Legisla
ture, which will elect a United States
Senator, and for State and county offi
cers. It becomes the mission of our grand
old party to meet the emergency with the
highest patriotism, and our league should
be well equipped for the coming contest.
Let us therefore come together in San
Francisco in large' numbers. Let us
revive and enlarge our enthusiasm for the
party of Lincoln, Grant and Blame and In
bo doing so strengthen and build up our
league that in the coming conflict It will
be Invincible, unwavering and victorious.
A. W. KINNEY,
GEORGE FRANCIS, 611
GEORGE STONE: retary ' '-
PffßKw-ll Member National League.
Executive Committee.
j LUTHER G. BROWN,
•• '-4 ; * ViWi-PrMlaant National League,
TlctftPf ftglflant for California, "
POSES AS
A PUBLIC
BENEFACTOR
Uncle Collis Tells of
Past Deeds and
Conquests.
Says He Has Earned a
Monument, but Does
Not Want It
His Memory Fails Him When
Asked as to the Cost of
Railroads.
REFERS TO THE BIG FOUR.
The Railroad Commission Spends
Another Day in a Fruitless Search
for Facts and Figures.
"Uncle Collis" Huntingdon unloaded an
other batch of anecdotes and reminis
cences on the Railrond Commission yes
terday afternoon. He also took advantage
of the occasion to again call attention
to his own great worth, not only as father
protector of Californians, but also as the
benefactor of the entire human race.
To be sure, the Commissioners asked
some pertinent and unpleasant questions
concerning the operations of the Contract
and Finance Company, thus giving edi
dence of an unnatural desire to learn
something regarding the cost of construc
tion of the lines of the Southern Pacific
system, but these things only temporarily
disturbed the flow of soul with which the
I aged railroad magnate sought to enter
j tain those who were within the sound of
j his voice. He related with much partiou
j larity ttie incidents of a meeting of Bos
j ton bankers that occurred away back in
! the early sixties, when he and the other
members of the Big Four had nothing be
tween them and starvation s:i.ve a cash
loan from the Government of $60,000,000
and a land grant that might have con
j stituted a king's domain. The bankers,
i he said, wished to buy his bonds for rtO
i cents on the dollar, but he, fired with the
j spirit of his own great worth as a finan
cier, told them that he would "see them
further in hell than they were out" before
he would take loss than 75 cents on the
dollar. Thereupon the bankers immedi
.ately capitulated and the future magnate
was soon on his way back to his asso
ciates with a million and a half dollars
jingling merrily in his inside pocket.
Strange to say, Huntington could not
rememfcer how this money so bravely won
had been invested, but he remembered
perfectly the name of each and every one
of the twelve bankers who had weakened
at his furious onslaught. He even sought
I to relate a -few personal reminiscences of
i each of the gentlemen, but was prevented
! from doing so in time to save the official
I stenographer from a stroke of pen
i paralysis.
Chairman La Rue wanted to know what
! had been paid for the construction of
the Central Pacific Railroad. Huntint,'
ton was willing to tell all that he know
about the matter, though he warned the
I commission in advance that the transac
tion had occurred so many years agt>
I that his memory was liable to phiy h'm
I false.
"It Is my recollection," he said, "that
the contractors undertook to build the
road for all of the bonds and about $HO,
000,000 worth of stock. 1 ihinK there was
also some slight cash consiu«rat">n also,
but Just what it was has slipped my
memory."
Commissioner Hinton wanted to know
if it was not a fact thai the men who
composed the Western Development Com
pany were also the incorporators of the
Contract and Finance Company. Hunt
ingdon admitted that this might be trufe,
! but contended that even If it were so the
fact could not be seized jpjn ;o furnish
evidence of any illegal acts on vhe part at
the organizers of either corporation.
"It is not unlawful for men to con
tract with themselves," he said, "provid
ed they be organized into two separate
and distinct corporations, as was the case
In this instance. It was the only way in
which the road could be built, a fact
that of itself would justify the means if
any Justification were needed. I am sat
isfied with the part I took in the matter,
and that goes."
This sentiment, though somewhat slawg
ily expressed, seemed to afford the old
gentleman no small amount of satisfac
tion, for he immediately settled back into
another reminiscent period that only end
ed when he had relieved himself of an
other chapter of self-praise.
"In those days," he said, "the people
thought we had accomplished a grent
undertaking, and that we were great
men. They would almost have erected
a. monument in commemoration of our
acts — not that I wanted any monument
or have ever wanted one for anything
that I have done. lam very well satis
fied with myself and my work."
During the course of the afternoon the
Commissioners propounded innumerable
questions intended to elicit some informa- j
tion regarding the cost of construction i
of the various linos of the Southern Pa
cific system, but were unable to gain any
definite iiuormation on the subject. Hunt
ington had either forgotten or had never I
known. The session proved as fruitless '
of results as others that have preceded
it. An adjournment was taken until next
Wednesday afternoon.
Demanded a Jury.
The two cases of battery against Louis
and Aaron Siminoff, cloak manufactur
ers, on complaint of their brother Morris
and Toby Roberts, their brother-in-law,
were called in Judge Low's court yester
day, when the defendants demanded a
Jury trial. Monday afternoon was fixed
or the trial.
Bible Study.
The subject for the Bible class lessons
at the Young Men's Christian Association,
Mason and Ellis streets, to-day at 12
o'clock, -will be "The Marriage Feast. "
The lesson is conducted by Rev. Dr.
Cryor. All are welcome.
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAT 7, 1898.
LDNING HUNTS
FOR WHITTELL
A Hot Chase for the Man
ager of a Millionaire's
Estate.
He Is Either Hiding at Home
or Fishing — For His
Health.
Sleuths Lie In Ambush Around the
Residence of the Mil
lionaire.
There Is a merry chase for George
Whittell, president of the Luning Com
pany. Officers and detectives who have
been searching the city to serve papers
in the million-dollar suit of Oscar Lun
ing, who avers that Whittell has withheld
vast sums of money, have been disap
pointed in finding the defendant, whose
whereabouts is a mystery.
At the law office of Attorney Lang
horne and at the office of the Luning
Company it is announced that Whittell
has gone fishing, but prominent sports
and anglers are positive that he knows
nothing about fishing. In sporting circles
his angling proclivities were never heard
of by the men who keep books on these
affairs and who, as a rule, know where
and when prominent men do their fish
ing. After digesting the whole affair At
torney Parker of the New York bar, who
has much to do with the case, has con
cluded that Whittell is not rishing, but
that he is cutting bait somewhere in hid
ing-.
The search for tne millionaire manager
of milionaires' estates is growing very
warm. It is said that if Whittell is hiding
in the sacred precincts of his domicile out
on California street he will be obliged to
remain in hibernation for a long time,
because sleuths lie in ambush all around
the place. Should the defendant try to
make a hasty flight he will have a serious
time trying to run the blockade.
It is supposed that Whittell has been in
consultation with Mrs. Cunningham, one
of the heirs, who made a hasty trip from
Los Angeles after the publication of the
account of the suit in The Call. He has
also been in consultation with his brother
and his brother's wife, or so the detec
tives are said to believe.
The brigade that has gone forth armed
with process papers of the court in sex
tuple form has full faith that the de
fendant will be dragged or forced from
his hiding place within a few days.
Wherever the Luning manager turns,
if he leaves the fishing camp, or his home,
or wherever he is, he will find men with
due processes of the Superior Court. And
wherever he goes, unless the case is com
promised, he will see fighting Attorney
Parker of New York. At his office the
story is given out that Mr. Whittell will
have exhausted the fishing business and
cured his face of poison oak by Monday.
T'ntil then there will not be an open
rupture, unless the defendant should, so
officers say, attempt to leave his house
under the apprehension that the path is
clear.
ROW OVER A BILL.
Officer Gillen and Butcher O'Brien
Get Things Badly Mixed.
A general row which led to an arrest
and a visit to the City and County Hos
pital occurred yesterday afternoon at the
residence of Police Officer Pete Gillen, at
2760 Twenty-third street. From the sTate
ment made by James O'Brien, who keeps
a butcher shop at Twenty-fourth and
Hampshire streets. It appears he went
to the residence of the officer for the
purpose of collecting 1 a bill due him for
meat supplied. On making his business
known Gillen is accused of having used
rough language and to have knocked the
butcher down and at the same time
called to his wife to bring him his gun.
This, it is said, she did, and when she
arrived upon the scene she proceeded to
use the butt end of it on the head of
O'Brien, who by this time was lying on
the floor.
What followed is not recorded until
Gillen and his brother officer, L. Harri
son, appeared at the Seventeenth-street
station with O'Brien in charge. O'Brien
was booked on two charges— one for dis
turbing the peace and the other for bat
tery. He promptly put up $25 bail on each
charge and immediately went to the City
and County .Hospital, where he had five
stitches put in his scalp on the back por
tion of his head, besides having his nose,
which was turned to one side, made
straight. In addition to these injuries
both his eyes wore discolored. All of
these discomforts he claimed he received
at the hands of the officer and his wife,
who aided him in the chastisement of the
butcher who went to collect his bill.
From the friends of thf> injured man it
is claimed that this is not the end of the
trouble. O'Brien has a host of acquaint
ances among the politicians of the Mis
sion district, and it is more than probable
that they will urge him to follow the
matter up.
Men Who Are Going
| To Alaska should see to-day's News
Letter. It contains valuable facts con
cerning the mining laws of that coun
try. A character sketch of Claus
Spreckels makes a handsome frontis
piece. The theatrical critics of other
papers are wittily taken off; Dr. E. R.
Hill, Ed Stone, John D. Spreckels.
Judge Hunt, Fletcher Tilton. Dr. Harry
Tevis and others figure on the Looker-
On Page; Amedee Joullin, Frank
Unger, a Market-street merchant, etc.,
etc., get into "Sparks"; editorials on
the Park Commissioners, the Widber
case, Deputy Clerk Piper, and other
current topics; paragraphs, society and
stories, make an interesting paper for
your Sunday reading. Ten cents of all
newsdealers.
St. Andrew's at Fairfax.
To-day there will be held at
Fairfax the thirty-fifth family re
union of the members and friends
of St. Andrew's Society. In the
afternoon there will be a programme of
games for young and old. There will be
dancing in the pavilion, where Scottish
music for the Scotch dances will be fur
nished by Neil Lindsay, the Highland
piper. This year the reunion will be
managed entirely by the younger mem
bers of the society, and they expect to
equal if not surpass the efforts of the
older members, who in such affairs have
been in the fore in the past. William Bal
naves, J. M. Cumming and J. D. Rob
ertson constitute the picnic committee.
The Widber Bond.
In relation to the case to settle the
liability for the defalcation of ex-Treas
urer Widber as between, the Guarantee
Company and the city officials. Mayor
Phelan yesterday received the following
telegram from Insurance Commissioner
Clunie, who has expressed an intention of
forcing 1 the Guarantee Company to make
good its bond:
BALTIMORE. Md., May 5, 189 S.
James D. Phelan. Mayor of San Francisco:
Surety company have agreed to try caae In Su
perior Court within thirty days. Not to ap
peal. Mail their letter to-morrow.
ANDREW J. CLUNIE.
Catholics and the apes compared in a
strong article by Editor James H. Barry
in The Star to-day. •
St. Patrick's Alliance.
At a meeting of a joint committee of
representatives of Alliances Nos. 11, 12,
14 and 15 of St. Patrick's Alliance of
America, held at K. R. B. Hall, it was
decided that the third picnic given under
the auspices of these alliances will be
on the 24th of July in Shell Mound Park.
In the past the outings by this organi
zation have all been of the most pleasant
character, and it will be the aim of the
committee on entertainment to make this
as pleasant as any yet held.
No one will use a fountain pen after
trying a "Koh-I-Noor" copying pencil. •
EXODUS TO THE
GOLD FIELDS
All Kinds of Craft Being
Got Ready for the
Journey.
The Bark Northern Light to
Take Away a Big Party
to Kotzebue.
All the Members of the Shipwrights'
Asaociation Willing to Go
to Manila.
Quit© a fleet of vessels ia being got
ready for the spring rush to the gold
fields. The schooner Falcon sailed yes
terday for St. Michael. She took away
about sixty mechanics, who had put to
gether the river steamer which was
shipped by the schooner in sections. The
stern-wheeler is to be called the Gold
Star and will be used on the Yukon.
The schooner I.visa D is being fitted out
at Howard-street wharf and the barlcen
tines Jane A. Falkinburg and Catherine
Sudden are to sail in a few days for Kot
zebue Sound, while the bark Northern
Light is ready to leave for the same re
gion with the following pasengers.
T. McManus, W. Bremmer, W. P. Thompson,
J. E. Sinclair. George C. Sinclair, W. E. Sin
clair, M. Tohy, Mike Tohy, \V. G. Youngs, W.
Oschlin, J. McDonald, T. Etzel, S. \V. Butler,
A. R. Ludlow, G. Gull, James Clark. A. K.
McLeod, Thomas Pearson, J. A. Moore. "W.
A. Hayne Jr. and party, J. G. Williams. J. W.
North, C. Mund. C Hophy, E. M. Steele, G.
\V. Pickett, M. Lattin, T. Johnstone, E. Henry,
J. Avald, Chris Struva, J. Ebelay. G. W.
Smith, J. AY. Williamson, Jaeo* Foster, J.
Trickle, F. E. Smith, L. J. Ray, W. J. Clark,
Domingo Francisco, M. Rodgers, M. de Mello,
Foster Ramon, J. Ackema, J. W. Johnson, G.
B. Allen, J. Bugfiuist, Irvine: Thomas. C. Leav
itt and party, J. Meyer, J. Strout, R. Becker,
O. Ekland. S. Price. B. E. Plummer, F. J.
McCan. Major H. Muckersie, R. A.'; W. J.
McKillop, C. L^marre, G. W. Breed, A. C.
Breed, T. M. Lane, A. Brldgman, W. H. Pike,
J. L. Evans, T. W. Parsons, George Connolly,
A. Powell, K. A. Lunberß, Eben Merrill, G. C.
Van Dyke, Thomas Russell, A. Kettner, George
Fonderer. R. Poole, A. C. Courtiss, P. Oraissi,
B. Oriassl, Lorenzo Grumelli, F. Stelzner, C.
W>Tnan, M. Keane, W. L. Hanna, \V. H.
Lloyd, J. E. Ray, J. A. Slcotte, James Bourger,
L. C. Van Drew, G. P. Blanchard and party,
H. E. Webb. J. W. Stevens. J. S. Truslow, M.
Louis, M. Domingo, J. Cappellettl, E. H. Stev
ens.
er, who went to Ivotzebue on the bark ;
Alaska.
The bark Forest Queen, which was i
written up some time ago in The Call as
being long overdue at San Pedro from
Tacoma, has been posted as missing. The
general supposition is that she was
caught in a storm and the deck load of
piles proved too much for the old vessel,
and she went down with all hands.
The American ship Shenandoah had to
pay $1500 to lie towed from the coast of
Ireland to her destination. Her cargo
was valued at (155,009, and Captain Mur
phy was not taking any chances after
the scare about his vessel having been
captured by ;i Spanish cruiser.
Chief Wharfinger Root has found it im
possible to plant a danger signal on Mile
Rock, so practicing from Fort Point bat
tery will go on without it. A party head
ed by Assistant Chief Wharhnger Scott
went out on the tug Governor Irwin with
the intention of doing the job, but owing
to the gale that was blowing the tug
could not get near the rock. Yesterday
morning Chief Wharfinger Root went out
on the tug Governor Markham, but a
very heavy sea waa running and it was
found dangerous to launch the boat. The
fishermen and coasters will therefore have
to take their chances with the Fort Point
marksmen without the warning flag.
Captain Matson of the bark Annie John
son has another great grievance against
Quarantine Officer Rosenau. The bark
came in with a fair wind Thursday after
noon, but was compelled to come to
anchor off Meiggs wharf by the quaran
tine officer. In consequence Captain Mat
son lost the tide, and yesterday had to
up anchor and sail to the sugar refinery.
The San Francisco Shipwrights' Asso
ciation are ready to go to the Philippines
in a body to repair the t'nlted States and
Spanish cruisers if I'ncle Sam wants
it. They stand prepared to leave on the
City of Peking if necessary, and are will
ing to go either as enlisted men or in any
capacity required.
The steamer Point Arena, after receiv
ing a thorough overhauling and having a
new electric light plant put in, went
back on her old run to Point Arena a
few weeks ago. In honor of the addi- |
tional comforts provided for them, the I
traveling public of Mendocino gave Cap- j
tain Hansen and his officers a surprise
party last trip. When the steamer
reached Point Arena the whole popula- j
tion, headed by the Mendocino brass :
tend, took possession of the vessel and a '
regular good time followed. In spite of
the surprise the men on the Point Arona
were equal to the occasion and everybody
voted after it was all over that it was !
the most enjoyable evening they had ever
spent
The latest wonder in electricity;
new and marvelous applications in
the mechanical arts; told in next
Sunday's Call.
HERMANN'S SONS.
The Grand Lodge Will Meet in This
City on Monday Next — May
Festival on Sunday.
The annual session of t he Grand I-orl^p
of the Order of Hermann's Sons of Cali
fornia will be held in Druids' Hall on
Monday next.
The grand officers of the order are: J.
P. Krempel, past grand president; W. ,
Leuddke, grand president; E. Brugge,
grand vice president; P. N. E. Lampe,
grand secretary-; C. Trautner, grand
treasurer; L. M. Fabry, A. Beidenbach
and C. P. Kamraan, grand trustees; D.
Vogt, grand guide; N. Kirsch. grand in
side watchman, and J. R. Seifert, grand
outside watchman.
The delegates to the Grand Lodge are:
Lodge No. 1. A. Schoembs, M. Haar, P.
Wrage, F. Fortmann, A. Beldenbach";
Lodge No. 2, D. Vogt, J. Tlllman, J. ;
Schneider; Lodge No. 3, J. F. Stromberg,
W. Crom, G. Guenthner, P. Kruokel;
Lodge No. 4, P. Warkentin, J. F. Jung, A.
Liebenthal; Lodge No. 6, O. Simon, P.
Hellman, W. Rekker, C. Leidecker, 11.
Will, A. Hoffman, J. Lippert; Lodge No.
7, L. M. Fabry, A. Loderhose, H. H.
Bosch; Lodge No. 9, J. Jahn, P. Eikhoff,
F. L. Mattow: Lodge No. 10. C. Kahn, D.
Brune, G. Keidlin; Lodge No. 11, J. M.
Gastman; Lodge No. 12. J. Finckh. H.
Luke; Lodge No. 13, T. Goerner, J. Mat
sen; Lodge No. 14, J. Obermuller, H.
Friedricbsen; Lodge No. 18, F. Paatsch,
H. Johansen; Lodge No. 19, J. A. Roth; '
Lodge No. 20, W. Kuhn. H. Hachmann;
Lodge No. 21. H. Peterson, J. Liebermann;
Lodge No. 22, J. R. Seifprt, C. Kelssing;
Lodge No. 23, R. H. Klempp, J. Roln;
Lodge No. 24. V. C. Petersen. A. Hansen;
Ladies' Lodge No. 1, F. Eggerllng, F.
Hermann.
The reports show that on tho first of
April there were nineteen lodges un
der the jurisdiction of the grand body,
these having an aggregate membership of
1861, with cash on hand $63,292 42, and it
also has in its charge two ladies' lodges
having a membership of 181, with $1721 27
on hand. During the twelve months pre- :
ceding the date given thore was paid out
by the order for sick benefits, $I<>,2S7 60;
for funeral benefits, $4621; suspended or
during that period wero 2SB, suspended or
withdrawn, 153; died, 24: net gain, 101.
The session will last three days and dur
ing that time, when not in session, the
visiting delegates will be entertained uy
the local lodges. The annual May fes
tival of the order will be held on Sunday
next at Schutzen Park, near San Rafael.
The committee having charge of the af
fair has made arrangements for a pleas
ant outing.
Failed for a Small Amount
Anders Gustaf Ivarson, a machinist,
has failed for $882 20. All of his creditors
ore email storekeepers.
INCENDIARISM
IS SUSPECTED
The Fire at the Old Union
Hall Under Inves
tigation.
Fire Marshal Towe Is Actively
Searching for a
Motive.
Certain Circumstances Have Do
■
veloped That Require to Be
Cleared Up.
Fire Marshal Towe has been making a
quiet investigation into the cause of the
fire Monday night which destroyed the
old Union Hall on Howard street, near
Third.
From the results so far he is strongly
of the opinion that the fire was not due
to an accident, but was the work of an
incendiary. He is now searching for a
motive, and although he sees difficulties
staring him in the face he does not lose
hope of surmounting them.
What first aroused suspicion was the
fact that the flames had gained consid
erable headway before the was
turned in. The flames were in the rear
portion of the building, where the stage
was situated, and were burning fiercely
when the firemen reached the scene. An-
other {suspicious circumstance was the
fact that the place, which had been used
as a skating rink and dance hall, had
been closed that night.
In the course of his investigations the
Fire Marshal ascertained that Nels A.
Lybeck, the lessee of the premises, had
a few days before the tire rented a vacant
store at GOT Fourth street for the purpose
of starting a mucilage factory. Further
than that he discovered that a number
of valuable articles had been removed
from Union Hall to the vacant store the
day previous to the fire and a large num
ber of skates had been sent to San Jose.
.Lybeck had the skates, furniture and
other effects in the building insured for
$2000, and he made a statement to the Fire
Marshal that their value was in the
neighborhood of $3500.
The Fire Marshal had an interview yes
terday with .Lybeck, and he stated that
on the night of the tire he and his wife,
who occupied three rooms in the build
ing, left thu place about half-past 7
o'clock. They returned about 10 o'clock
and remained about fifteen minutes. His
wife thought she smelled something
burning and he examined the stage and
rear portion, but could find no trace of
fire. They left the place about 10:15
o'clock, lockir.g it up, and nouoed the
flames later while they were on a How
ard street car. He said he was at a loss
to account for the lire unless it had arisen
from one of the matches which he used
in making his examination of the stage
when his wife thought she smelled fire.
"I am not nearly through with my in
vestigation yet," said the Fire Marshal
yesterday. "There are a number of sus
picious circumstances which I have not
had time to thoroughly investigate and
at present 1 am not in a position to' state
what they are. I ascertained that before
coming here Lybeck was in Paso Robles,
and his place was burned down there in
October last about 1 o'clock in the morn
ing and he does not know how the fire
originated. He has been running the
Union Hall as a skating rink and dance
hall since last December, having leased
the premises from the Market Street
Railway Company. I am strongly of
opinion that the fire was the work of an
incendiary, but I have nothing definite
as yet to point to the guilty person."
HOSPITAL CORPS
TO CHANGE ABOUT
All the City Surgeons Must Do
Duty at the Branch in
Golden Gate Park.
Why trie Board of Health Ordered
Dps. Hartley and Stafford to Shift
Their Stations.
Dr. Morse, chairman of the Hospital
Committee of the Board of Health, has
inaugurated a plan he has had under con
sideration for some time whereby me sur
geons in charge of the Harbor and Park
Receiving hospitals shall alternate at the
two stations. Whether the surgeons at
the central hospital will be shifted about
has not been decided yet, but it is likely
that they, too. will have to take their
turn at the branch stations.
The object of this change is to give all
the surgeons an equal chance, or at least
the two park surgeons a chance with the
harbor doctors. The corps of city sur
geons are paid a nominal salary — $75 a
month— depending in a measure on emer
gency patients who retain the services of
the city doctors after they are able to be
removed to their homos. A great many
patients are treated at the Harbor branch
and the doctors there secure many pay
patients, while cases at the park branch
are rare. As the surgeons at that station
are required to be on duty twelve hours
a day they have little time to devote to
private practice, and are practically lim
ited to their salary.
At present Drs. Stafford and Wymore
are stationed at the park, while Drs.
Hartley, Hill and Deas are at the har
bor. But Dr. Morse has ordered Hart
ley and Stafford to change stations as
the first move toward carrying out his
plan. Dr. Hartley's friends were surprised
when the order was Issued and could not
understand its meaning, but Dr. William
son of the Board of Health, in the ab
sence of Dr. Morse, explained the matter
last night. He said that Dr. Hartley was
one of the most competent surgeons in
the service, and the change in no way
reflected upon him. After three months'
service at the park he would be brought
back either to the harbor or central hos
pital,' and might not have to serve there
aeain for many months.
It is expected that either Dr. Hill or Dr.
Deas will be ordered to change with Dr.
Wymore in a few days. The surgeons at
the central hospital are making a strong
fleht against being disturbed, but it is ex
pected that thoy. too, will have to take
their turn at the park.
•'Patriotism of the Jews."
This afternoon at 5 o'clock, at the
Chevrah Thilim Congregation, 1036 Fol
som street. Rev. Dr. N. Mosessohn. editor
of the Light, will deliver two lectures,
one in English and the other in pure
Biblical Hebrew, on "The Patriotism of
the Jews." Between the lectures the
doctor will offer prayers for the protec
tion of the President of the United States
and the United States army and navy,
and will also hold memorial services for
those who were killed on the United
States men-of-war. It Is announced that
all will be welcome, regardless of creed.
To Renew an Old Judgment.
Frances E. Pope commenced suit yes
terday to renew an old judgment for
$l r . 000 rendered in May. 1893, against Rob
ert A. Laurin, who is now out of the
State.
Bad Pay and Hard Work.
The bad pay, and hard work of trained
'nurses has often been made th» subject of be
nevolent . remonstrance '_• by .' eminent }. medical
men ■- and \ non-professional i philanthropists. ;-*j It
la well Tor an Invalid, before he gets so bad as
to need a : nurse ior : doctor, .' to '•' use : Hos tetter's
Stomach 5 Bitters if i he : baa I chills and ? fever,
constipation, rheumatism, dyspepsia and ' rierv
yusn^w^;■ Use it wirular^ . —_ ■■
; ADVERTISEMENTS. r " ; .5/
I WOMEN'S EYES I
I I |\r TPfT'P' fS
!» #1 Lr i«d 1 II I - . . ■ • ■ \
ARETHE I
iSEVEREST
JJUDGES |
|] . A clothier has. They find a slight if ((
@ it's hidden between the lining and the X
Sit's hidden between the lining and . the - g
cloth. (3)
M . In this establishment we do more I
(£ than try to perfectly please our patrons to
r| — we try to please our patrons' g)
W feminine relatives. (|
I OUR %f |
I SPECIAL yW\ 1
$9.65 UA V I
1 SITTTT i-P&i i I
I bull, ■ * (A! I
ft Reduced from fifteen dollars *' ■ m«^^ | f ||
I! represents an all-wool gar- »/ / M
|g ment, latest New York cut, I 1 7^. ,>. w
(S single and double-breasted / / Jl
|v sacks and 3-button. cut- I II Q
Sf aways, comprising all the I | / W
Mr latest colorings in exclusive J » / ■ \
S latest colorings in Havana ■ If/
designs — Browns, Havana \ I /
|l Browns, Grays, Olive, Black, \I /
(3 Blue and Electric Blues. FEF'^^s^' !
I MOTHER'S I
I Jot.- PRIDE, I
1 I -r®*\[- <pl. ad. ,|
I? * V V-J /RQ Navy Blue Suit for boys 4to 1O Cft
SV \^ — 'I LI Navy Blue Suit for boys 4 style, .8/
\Jf — I ZJ years, made in the reefer style,
j| , / \Av sailor's collar and sleeves |
(3 •• /r I V trimmed* with soutache and C
vl "j I ( I \ wide Hercules braid. jj
II fh W 18. * For larger boys, age 9t014 '■ tfj
0 A^tv years. These suits are made- p,'
d up in that jaunty fashionable ]i
c\ double-breasted style. &
I 9§c ■■■■■■'*■
«g Our Fedora, in all colors, * / \ X
SOur Fedora, in all Brown, ' / juMlbi'i ~_ -Jn
including Black, Brown, • nmiiin_»i
|S Pearl and Claro, sold for /^^^^^| mjjpZP 1 ] /?
|f less than manufacturer's !^^^_ t Jr ' - l|
! price.
J» 120 dozen summer weight Balbriggan Underwear W
i Suits, in pink, blue, tan and slate— X
sOc a Suit, I
O _^ _-_______^__— ______ I
D ~~ 1
<i 100 dozen of the latest style Golf and Negligee Shirts, w
1 F'RPh TArorth
1 __^^Z>C-^ I-.CIOII, double I
£ Goods cheerfully exchanged or |
I money refunded. * ' |
I S.N.WOOD&CO., |
I 4^t lit TT As v/ 1/ A\ V\/«* c
d 718 Market Street. f
78
THE BOYS HAVE DONNED THE BLUE AND ARE NOW IN CAMP
SPANIARDS PLOT TO
KILL AND DESTROY
Would Assassinate the Governor and Blow
Up Pinole's Powder Works.
Mysterious Strangers Skulking on the Hills Near the Explo
sive-Making Plant-— Precautions Taken.
It is now believed that three Span
iards have arrived here to carry out a
plot to assassinate Governor Budd and
blow up the powder works at Pinole,
Contra Costa County. Since the ac
count in yesterday's Call of the con
versation among three Spaniards on
tbe train from the East, in which one
remarked that Governor Budd could
be assassinated easily, much light has
dawned upon the people of Pinole rela
tive to recent events heretofore not
comprehended.
A week ago yesterday three Span
iards came from the East over the
Santa Fe route, and H. B. Stewart of
ficiated as brakeman from Sacramento
to this city. Stewart speaks the Span
ish language fluently, and a short dis
tance out from Sacramento, while trim
ming a lamp, his attention was at
tracted to the conversation among the
Spaniards. They were discussing the
war, and one remarked that Governor
Budd was making himself very active
in getting men to help fight Spain.
Stewart in telling a Call reporter of
the incident said:
"I naturally pricked up my ears to
bear what was coming next. One with
a dark mustache said that the Gov
ernor was an easy man to pick off, as
he does not travel with a companion
(meaning a body guard). The fellow
said he knew that Governor Budd goes
about the city and State at all times
and He would be an easy bird to catch.
The speaker seemed to be better ac-
Quainted with the people and the State
than the other two. While I was
standing on the arm of the seat fixing
my lamp the remark was made that
the Governor could be attended to at
any time, and the manner of their
speech gave me the idea that they had
something of far greater importance
to attend to first. When the train
passed the powder works at Pinole the
three craned their necks to get a glance
of the premises. This looked suspic
ious, and when the train stopped at the
station one of the men got out while
the two went on to the city. On the
following morning I was much sur
prised to find among the passengers one
of the Spaniards who had gone down
on the afternoon before and told one
of the men connected with the powder
works."
When the Spaniard alighted from the
train he started at once for town,
•which is half a mile distant. There he
disappeared, and has not been seen
since. While the town is thoroughly
American, still there are a number of
Portuguese and Mexicans in the sur
rounding country who speak the Span
ish language, and whose sympathies
are not well known. It Is with one of
these that the man no doubt found
shelter. The only clew as to his iden
tity is that one o-f his companions ad
dressed him by the name of Mendoto,
Mendoza or Mendejta. He was fairly
well dressed in a suit of light clothes
and was of slim build. As stated, his
companions continued on their way to
San Francisco. On the following
morning, greatly to the surprise of
Brakeman Stewart, one of the latter
boarded the train at the Oakland mole,
and his ticket showed it was good for
a trip to Pinole and return. The fellow
was short, stout and dressed in a dark
suit, and wore a light felt hat. He had
a heavy black mustache tinged with
gray. On the same train was J<>hn
Wilson, one of the clerks at the pow
der works. As the Spaniard left the
train the brakeman said to Wilson:
"That is one of those Spaniards who
•was talking last night on the train
about killing Governor Budd. He will
bear watching while he is here. While
he was on the train he kept consulting
a paper as though to get thoroughly
posted before getting off the cars. He
means mischief to the powder works,
ot I am greatly mistaken."
Wilson heeded the warning and
watched. The suspect walked about
for a few minutes, as a stranger will,
evidently "sizing up" the people. At
last, observing one with a swarthy com
plexion, a Portuguese employed on a
milk ranch, he addressed him in Span
ish. He wanted to know how the
trains came and departed, the distance
to adjoining towns, the names of the
latter, and last, but not least, where
the powder works were. The Portu
guese gave the desired information and
the Spaniard went up to the town
proper.
While the two were talking Mr. Wil
eon observed the gestures and asked
Mr. Garrity to watch him and tell the
officers to keep up the watch. This
was done in a sort of fashion and
enough was learned to have put most
any one on the alert, especially consid
ering the suspicious incidents attend
ant upon the explosion and destruction
of the powder works at Santa Cruz.
The dark-skinned stranger asked many
questions In many places, especially
•where he could converse In his native
tongue. His inquiries always led to
the powder works. In one place, where
he stopped, a barber shop, John Berm
insrham, assistant superintendent of the
works, was getting: shaved. As soon
as he could he followed the fellow and
finally saw the stranger start for the
works. He did not take the direct
road, near the railroad track, as most
men would, but went along the Marti
nez road to the south and by tho rear
of the big powder plant. Bermingham
drove rapidly along the railroad track
and reached the works long before the
swarthy pedestrian. Cutting across the
field he intercepted the stranger in the
rear of the company's property and de
manded of him his business. The Span
iard was greatly alarmed and replied
that he was "Just looking around.**
"Why did you come to Pinole?" asked
Bermingham.
"I wanted to see Manuel Furtado.
He is a friend of mine," replied the
Spaniard. Furtado is supposed to be
a Portuguese. He keeps a saloon in
Pinole, at which the stranger stopped
before starting for the powder works.
Some time ago Furtado was employed
in the works, yet no one thought to
ask of him his business with the mys
terious Spaniard. For the past two
a' three days he hasTbeen £n San Fran-.
Cisco, or at least there is whei
barkeeper says he has gone.
As the Spaniard's answers were not
satisfactory Mr. Bermingljam told him
to turn in his tracks and get back to
San Francisco as fast as his legs and
the Southern Pacific train would carry
him. The fellow glanced at Berming
ham's tall figure, then at the Deputy
Marshal's badge he wore and at the
handle of a revolver that showed above
the tjelt and started off at a lively gait
for the station. Upon recovering from
his fright he began to quiz Station
Agent E. M. Downer, winding up by
asking about the powder works. He
took the 9:30 a. m. train for San Fran
cisco.
Colonel W. R. Quinan, superinten
dent of the Pinole branch of the Cali
fornia Powder Works, did not at the
time attach much importance to the
foregoing incident, believing that the
Spaniard was prompted as much by
curiosity as evil motives. Now he
wishes that Mr. Bermingham had
taken him into custody and held him
until he gave a satisfactory account of
his actions. The colonel is also in
clined to believe that there was a plot
to assassinate Governor Budd and da
injury to the powder works — that is, if
Brakeman Stewart understood correct
ly the conversation among the three
Spaniards on the train. However, he
is not at all alarmed. With discretion
A MYSTERIOUS SPANIARD.
The Man Who Was Discovered Prowling Around the
Big Powder Works at Pinole,
acquired by a long experience in the
army, he took every precaution tv
•guard against accidents or plots as
soon as he saw the war clouds gath
ering. He had eight of his most trust
worthy men appointed as Deputy Uni
ted States Marshals and several others
as deputies under the Sheriff and Con
stable. The latter patrol the high
points of the 350-acre tract in which
the powder works [ are located and a
large force of watchmen guard, the
works at night. Large reflector lamps
light all places where evil-disposed
persons would be likely to go. Al
though strict before, the colonel is more
so noxw,
No one Is permitted even to enter the
grounds without , a permit, and these
are difficult to obtain. Colonel Quinan
has recently started the erection of a
barb-wire, man-proof fence around the
entire tract. . The fence is eight feet
high and when : finished no one can
cross It. Should any one cut the wires
at night the fact will be known imme
diately in the office. The fence is four
and a half miles long, and at conspicu
ous points will be placed signs reading:
"California Powder Works, engaged
in United \ States Government work.
All strangers are warned,; not to enter
under penalty of arrest." '
Since the accounts of the plot to de
stroy the powder works and kill the
Governor have been made public clos
er watch , will be kept : on all persons
seen prowling around the premises, and
any one who jis found inside of - the
enclosure who has no business there
will be arrested and called to a very
strict account. For a time" it was sup
posed that the Government would j send
some of its troops to protect the place,
but none have arrived yet, and it -is not
likely that any will. The * Superinten
dent wishes to have several more of ; his
mensworD, in as | Deputy United | States
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
Marshals, and a number of names
have been sent to Barry Baldwin.
There is a rumor at Pinole that Mr.
Baldwin will not swear In any more,
and that he will deprive those he has
sworn in of their authority. Why, no
one knows. When hostilities began he
sent Detective Hickey to Pinole to
keep watch over all suspicious charac
ters, but the detective is said to have
spent most of his time in town, and he
was recently recalled. The branch of
the California Powder Works at Pinole
does not manufacture Government
powder entirely. It manufactures here
nitro-glycerine and the finishing is
done at the Santa Cruz works. Still,
if anything should happen to the
works, it would sadly cripple the en
tire plant. The superintendent does
not intend that anything shall happen.
THE FIRST IS
UNDER ORDERS.
Mustering in the Compa
nies of California's Vol=
unteer Army.
The First has entered the service of the
flag and the boys are preparing to break
! home ties and seek fame and l.onor
i wherever the President sees fit to send
them. Every company is full to the legal
limit, and all but two of the regular offl
| cers of the regiment have been selected
Ito lead the men, so it is a purely San
i Francisco organization, and whatever
glory it may bring home belongs right
here where the men are known and
where the gTeater number of them were
born.
The regiment enters the service under
the designation of the "First Infantry
Regiment, California Volunteers."
The work of muster began early in the
morning, and before the afternoon was
well over the regiment had been trans
ferred. It has twelve companies of eighty
four men each, a band of eighteen pieces
and a hospital corps of twenty-four, be
sides a full complement of field and staff
officers and a full non-commissioned staff.
It is a fine body of men, and Captain Car
rington, the musteiing officer, believes
that after the raw recruits become used
to the military discipline there will be
no finer regiment of volunteers in the ser
vice.
Company A was the first to be sworn
in. The men were assembled on the floor
of the big drill hall, and then Captain
Connolly, their commanding officer,
called the roll and each man was made
to leave his place in the ranks and take
a position in another line further toward
the end of the hall. Then the mustering
officer carefully verified the roll and
counted the men himself, and stepping
to the front and facinc the men he
ordered "uncover."
Every man removed his hat. and then
becoming impressed with the solemnity
of the occasion, first one and then another
of the spectators did the same until, as
the oath was given, every man in the- hall
stood with bared head, while the men In
the ranks, with right hands raised,
listened attentively to the words which
bound them.
There was a cheer as the ceremony
ended, and then as the boys marched out
their comrades crowded round them to
congratulate, or in the case of those who
were rejected by the surgeons, to express
a word of envy and regret.
Company B, the old City Guard, came
next upon the floor, and the same cere
mony was gone through with; then came
D and E and F, and then the others in
rapid succession until the regiment had
been transferred to the Government and
there was no turning back. But there
was no thought of turning back, and
there was many a man in the hall who
would have given all he had for a chance
to don an 111-fitting blue uniform and
join the boys who seemed 60 happy in
their new-found occupation.
The field and staff officers of the regi
ment were mustered last. Colonel Smith
at their head, and then the colonel went
up to headquarters to prepare his first
order — one assuming command.
In the list of officers of the volunteer
regiment there are several changes and
additions made by the Governor, most of
them being in the nature of a reward for
long and efficient service in the organiza
tion. The first of these was the promo
tion of Regimental Sergeant-Major Otto
Schwerdtfeger to be second lieutenant of
Company E. Lieutenant Schwerdtfeger
has been in the regiment for nearly seven
years and he has been a guardsman for
seventeen years. Edward F. Rivers was
promoted from first sergeant of Company
M to be second lieutenant, and James A.
Hutton was appointed from civil life to
be second lieutenant of Company D.
Lieutenant Hutton is a retired army offi
cer.
While the troops were being mustered
in the morning Lieutenant Colonel Du
boce accompanied Major Field, U. S. A.,
the artillery inspector, to the Richmond
District to Inspect camp sites. Hermaa
Schussler, chief engineer of the Spring
Valley Water Company, was one of the
party. There had been several sites ten
dered, among them being the old race
track property, a site on the hills divid
ing the Richmond District from the Pre
sidio and another on the hospital tract.
None of these were selected, however,
principally because of Colonel . Duboce's
plea that it would be subversive of the
discipline of the regiment to put it any
place where the discipline of the men
could be interfered with, and he believed
it was better to put them out at the Pre
sidio, where the military surroundings as
well as the presence and example of the
regular troops and of the other regiments
would help to infuse the military spirit
into the organization.
It was finally decided to select a place
on the big parade plain at the Presidio to
the right of the entrance gate. It was
the desire of the inspecting officers to
leave the parade plain as clear as pos
sible, so the camp will be pitched close to
the boundary of the reservation. W ater
will be piped to the most available places
on the campground, and Mr. Schussler
guaranteed for the regiment v. ater enough
for all purposes and to spare.
It was not possible to get the men un
der proper cover before last evening, and
so they were once more allowed to sleep
at home, but they were ordered to report
at the armory at 8 o'clock this morning,
and one of the first duties taught will be
promptness, for Colonel Smith says he
will have no stragglers.
CALIFORNIA
VOLUNTEERS.
Two Battalions of Infantry
Will Rendezvous at
Stockton.
The formation of the two battalions of
infantry has been determined upon by
the Governor, who has decided to follow
the desired policy of the President as far
as possible and keep the regimental or
ganization intact. The Sixth Regiment
will be taken in entirety, with the ex
ception of Company F of Fresno, which
will be replaced in the . battalions by
Company E of Sacramento, from the
Second Regiment. The companies form
ing the battalion will rendezvous at
Stockton on Sunday night or Monday
morning, and proceed from that point
here.
The Governor has appointed Colonel
Choynski as lieutenant of one of the
batteries of heavy artillery.
The following dispatch was received
from Colonel Last just as he left Los
Angeles with his regiment:
LOS ANGELES, CM., May 6. IS9B.
Brigadier General A. W. Barrt'tt, San Fran
cisco, Cal.: First section starting 12:4o p. in.;
interior trains delayed. Crush of people at
depot so great as to make it impOM ble to
move. C. F. A. LAST.
Colonel Command m^.
Colonel Guthrie of the Second Regiment
and General Wartield were In conlorenee
with the Governor yesterday. The latter
officer, when shown a copy of the resolu
tion adopted by the Building Trades
Council opposing the appointment of
Harrison G. Otis to the brigadier-general
ship, refused to discuss the matter, but
said he understood that the resolutions
had been wired to the President and that
there was no doubt that Otis was very
unpopular among the workingmen of the
West.
Captain Cook's battery of heavy artil
lery will lea.ye Sacramento at 4 o'clock
this morning, arriving here at 8:15 o'clock
this morning. It will be immediately
marched to the First Regiment Armory,
Page and Gough streets, where the men
will be mustered Into service prior to the
arrival of the Seventh Kegiment from L<os
Angeles.
Captain Steere's battery will leave Los
Angeles at an early hour to-morrow
rnornir.j', arriving h *re Monday morning
at 7:45 o'clock. It wfll be mustered into
service just as soon as the Seventh has
been mustered in, and in the meanwhile
the men will be quartered at one of the
armories here.
General Barrett was officially notified
yesterday when the Seventh left L,os An
geles, and the headquarters was kept in
formed of the progress of Colonel Berry's
command along the entire route. The
Seventh will arrive this morning, and it
will fcio met at the foot of Market street
by the Naval Militia, the Ltugue of the
Cross Cadets and the Signal Corps. The
regiment will be at once marched to its
quarters at tho First Regiment Armory.
Early yesterday morning Governor
Budd received the following complimen
tary dispatch, at which he and his stall
were highly gratified:
VANCOUVER BARRACKS, Wash..
. . May 6, UN.
Governor of California, San Francisco. Cal. :
I am gratified at your prompt work of organ
ization. MERRIAM.
Brigadier General.
Major Rice of the heavy artillery was at
headquarters In the morning, and re
ported to the adjutant-general that his
two batteries had assembled at the arm
ory on Market street and that they were
being physically examined, and that he
had been notified by Captain Carrington
that they would be mustered in this
morning: Colonel Thomas F. Barry,
formerly of the Third Infantry, will be
one of the lieutenants of Battery A. He
was selected by Major Rice, and his com
mission will be signed jby the Governor.
ORDERS FROM
GENERAL MERRIAM
Fourteenth Infantry and
Volunteers to Camp at
the Presidio.
General Bferrtam, U. S. A., commanding
the departments of California and the
Columbia, wired from Vancouver to mili
tary headquarters in this city yesterday,
directing that the California \'olunteors
should go into camp on the Presidio res
ervation. He directed also that space
should be reserved at the Presidio for the
volunteers of Oregon and Washington
and the Fourteenth Infantry, U. S. A.
This practically settles the question of
camp location. Doubtless the command
ing general will be in San Francisco early
next week and give personal attention
to the organization of the new troops.
There Is bound to be some confusion at
the Presidio for a few days, until the vol
unteers get comfortably settled down to
the discipline of camp life. There has al
ready been some friction regarding the
particular location of the volunteer camp.
The present plan, so far as it is disclosed,
is to reserve the barracks and the ground
nearest the post headquarters for the
Fourteenth Infantry. The volunteers will
be placed near the drill plain, as they will
require daily instruction on the drill
grounds. Until the arrival of an army of
iicer who will command the soldiers In
the camp First Lieutenant John M. Neal),
Troop C, Fourth Cavalry, stationed at
the Presidio, will be detailed to assist in
the organization of the volunteers. The
quartermaster's department has made all
the necessary arrangements to furnish
fuel for cooking purposes, and the pur
chasing commissary will issue the regu
lation ration. The camp will be inde
pendent of the Presidio proper, but the
troops will be compelled to obey the post
regulations.
First Lieutenant J. E. Nolan, post com
missary officer at the Presidio, was taken
by surprise yesterday when he received
an order directing him to supply the vol
unteers with fresh beef. The order did
not say whether he should supply 100 or
10.000 volunteers. Having no herds of
cattle on the reservation and no imme
diate means for furnishing a large quan
tity of fresh boof, he consulted Colonel
Morris, commanding the post. The con
clusion was reached that the order to
BUPPIy fresh beet' was Intended for Lieu
tenant Sidnoy a. Cioman, V. S. A., acting
quartermaster and commissary of volun
teers. It is not known now just how Mr.
Cioman will get the beef for the volun
teers, but he will round up the herds of
cattle somewhere if the contractors do
not come to his rescue.
It is understood at the Presidio that
the organizations of the Fourth United
States Cavalry, now stationed in the De
partment of the Columbia, will soon be
ordered to San Francisco. It is almost
certain that the regulars of the Fourth
Cavalry and Fourteenth Infantry will be
the first troops sent to reinforce Com
modore Dewey at Manila. The opinion is
.expressed that two batteries of the Third
Artillery may be sent to the Philippines
with the first column of troops.
The different staff departments of the
United States army stationed in this city
were busy yesterday completing arrange
ments for properly equipping the volun
teers for service. As soon as estimates
and requisitions are forwarded to the
heads of the different departments the
new troops will be supplied with quar
termaster, commissary, ordnance and
medical supplies. .
The recruiting office at the Presidio is
a busy place. Lieutenant Boyd is daily
enlisting excellent men. He has sent
some recruits to the Fourth Cavalry,
others to the Third Artillery, and quite a
number have been sent East to join the
regiments at Tampa,
The artillerymen stationed at Fort Point
and those garrisoning the mortar and
dynamite batteries are constantly on
duty. While there are no indications of
the approach of an enemy a vigilant
lookout is maintained. A powerful search
right to scan the sea by night has been
secured.
HEALTH TO THE VOLUNTEERS
I hear the call of the bugle,
I get a glimpse o' the gun.
And the thrill that I feel at the Hash o' the
steel
Is the same as In sixty-one;
But the boys in blue ara marchln'.
The time for action has come—
From the old Granite State to the locked
Golden Gate
They step to the tap o' the drum.
So here's to the call o' the bugle;
Anil here's to the flash o' the spears;
But the heartfelt toapt that we love most
Is a health to the volunteers.
The eagle is stretching his pinions.
The banner is thrown to the breeze.
The blue and the gray are all one to-day
And the foe is far o'er the seas.
No longer is brother 'gainst brother.
No longer is father 'gainst son;
But all now unite for the heart of the fight
And a victory that must be won.
So here's to the bird o' the Nation,
And here's to the red, white and blue;
But we have three cheers for the brave
volunteers
And a health and a kind adieu.
—George 11. Thornton.
RED MEN ON
THE WARPATH.
The Great Council Calls
the Braves to the Sup
port of the Nation.
The following circular has been issued
by the Great Council of the United States
Improved Order of Red Men, from the
Philadelphia Wigwam:
Twenty-third Sun. Plant Moon, G. S. D. 407,
Common Era, April 23, ISSB.
To the Tribes and Members of the Improved
Order of Red Men— Greeting:
WHEREAS, Our order was born and nur
tured in the same cradle of liberty as our
country, and once more the flag of our nation
has been unfurled and its graceful folds float
to the breeze; and whereas, the President of
the United States has issued a call for 125,000
volunteers to defend that flag we all love and
reverence, which is the common heritage of us
all; and in remembrance of the fact that in
1774 the Sons of Liberty helped to raise the
American flag: in 1812 the Society! of Red Men
defended it: now It behooves- us. the Improved
Order of Red Men, the lineal descendants of
the Sons of Liberty, through the Society of
Red Men, to rally around our country's flag
and to defend it as devotedly and as patrioti
cally as did the founders of our order, now,
therefore, by the authority vested In me as
great incohonee of the Improved Order of Red
Men I do issue this proclamation to all the
tribes of the order and recommend:
That each tribe take suitable action to meet
the present crisis In our country's affairs. And
I further recommend that each tribe take such
action as will relieve the brothers who may
enlist in the service of our country from pay
ment of dues during the term of their service.
And now in behalf of 200.000 loyal, patriotic
freemen throughout the North, the East, the
South and the West, who are members of our
order, we tender to William McKinley. the
President of the United States, our faithful
fealty to our flag and our country's cause; and
in his efforts to uphold and maintain I the
honor and dignity of our country, he will have
our sympathy, our prayers and our arms.
And may the Great Spirit send through the
clouds of war a beacon light to guide and di
rect him In these momentous hours, and may
the God of Battle give a speedy victory -to our
righteous cause. Given under our hand and
official signature,
ROBERT T. DANIEL, of Georgia,
""■r-nt Incohonee.
Attest: CHARI^c C. COXLEY of Pennsyl
vania, Great Chief of Records.
TO GREET THE
NOBLE SEVENTH.
Proposed Welcome to Vol-
unteers From Southern
California.
The following letter, received by The
Call, is self-explanatory:
HEADQUARTERS DIVISION', N. O. C,
SAN FRANCISCO, May 6. 1898.— City Editor
« "all. San Francisco: It seoms to me that it
would be a very appropriate thing while our
local troops are being mustered Into the ser
vice of the Doited States and particularly
while a large body of them Is moving, as is
the Seventh Infantry from Los Angeles, which
will arrive in the city to-morrow Saturday),
that the Stars and Stripes should be displayed
from every flagstaff in the city.
Let our flap be displayed on every hand for
the cni-ouniKemmt of those who are rallying
to its defense, for the education of those who
remain behind and particularly of the children
who are growing up and upon whom, in due
time will devolve the protection of our flag.
I take the opportunity of writing this and
sup^i-sting that you, through your valuable
paper, call the attention of our citizens to
this matter, which I consider a very important
one at this time, and urge them to throw
"Old Glory" to the breeze from every house
limping this suggestion will meet your ap
proval. I am. very respectfully, your orient
servant JOHN H. DICKINSON,
Major General Com. Division, N. G. C.
The Seventh Regiment will bo met in
Oakland by the Naval Reserve. It will
Feach the foot of Market street at 11
o'clock a. m. to-day and march up Market
to the armory at the corner of Page and
Gough streets. The formation of the pa
rade will be as follows: Platoon of
nolice First Infantry Barm, Signal Corps,
Troop A, Cavalry: Naval Reserve, Gov
ernor and staff in carriages, Major-Gen
eral Dickinson and staff in carriages,
Brigadier-General Warfleld and staff in
carriages the First Tnfantry of California
Volunteers, if they are permitted to par
ticipate and then the Seventh Regiment.
The parade will move promptly at 11
o'clock.
MOSBY'S POSITION.
Services Offered as an
Example of United
Country.
Colonel John S. Mosby still maintains
his position that Congressional influence
cannot add to the value of his services
as a soldier. In an interview yesterday
he remarked:
"I offered to serve the Government as
a soldier, without specifying any rank or
position. I was not prompted by ambi
tion, but a desire to set an example that
would be evidence of a united country.
The offer was made to the War Depart
ment through the commander-in-chief of
the army. I did not consider that I was
asking a political favor of the adminis
tration. I was surprised to hear that Con
gressional influence was required to se
cure the privilege of fighting the battles
of the country. I have no control over
any such influence and would not ask it.
I cannot imagine what any Congressman
could say that would add anything to the
indorsements I have received from Gen
eral Grant and General Robert E. Lee."
READY TO MUSTER.
Artillerymen Hope to Sleep
in Their Tented City
To-Ni£ht.
All day yesterday large crowds of men
gathered about the entrance to the First
Infantry Armory. Tenth and Market
streets, clamorine for admission to the
headquarters of the recruiting officer of
the heavy artillery. Many of them were
admitted late in the afternoon to fill the
ORGANIZER OF VOLUNTEER ARTILLERY.
MAJOR FRANK S. RICE.
Major Frank S. Rice, inspector Third Brigade, National Guard of Cali
fornia, and organizer of the batteries of heavy artillery of California volun
teers, graduated from the United States Military Academy at West Point
July 1, IS7O, with the rank of second lieutenant of infantry, and for a time
was on duty in the department of tactics at West Point, and successively
served at the station at Key West, Fla. ; Signal School of Practice at Fort
Whipple, Virginia; Michigan Military Academy at Orchard Lake; Fort In
dependence, Boston harbor; Fort Warren, Massachusetts; Fort Adams,
Rhode Island; at the Presidio, San Francisco, Cal. His last duty in connection
with the regular army previous to his retirement was at Fort Mason, in tkia
harbor.
places of those who had failed to pass
the severe medical examination of Sur
geons Rottanzi, McCarthy, Farrell and
Rethers. of the 491 men examined only
255 parsed as being physic-ally able to
withstand the rigors of a soldier's life.
It is expected that the full quota of re
cruits will be made up early this morning
and that the mustering in of the artil
lerymen will take place this afternoon.
Through the persistent efforts of Colonel
Geary and Captain I.ocke the men al
ready show a marked improvement in
discipline, and a feeling of friendly rival
ry has sprung up between the two bat
teries that will result in hastening their
proficiency in drill. All are eager to don
their uniform, and hope that to-night
they will sleep In the tented city on the
reservation.
The Last Companies.
The following are the names of those
mustered in Companies X, L and M of
the First Regiment late on Thursday
night: •
Company . X— Captain Thomas J. Cunning
ham First Lieutenant Edward D. Finley, toec
ond Lieutenant Carlton D. Seely, Sergeant I
Joseph Bauman, Corporal Heynian Meyers,
Mu*u ians llenly N. Craig, Harry J. \\ ilson.
Privates Robert P. Alcott. William Bessac,
William K. Hush, William \\\ Burnett, George i
5. Brooks, James P. Casaldy, William P. > ';U- ,
laghan, Thomas J. Conway, Jaim-s Connolly,
Francis A. CarKmsier, Juhn A. Uevany, Charles i
R Detrlek, Emanuel D. Sauso. Robert W. ;
Dodd Alfred K. Dole, Steuart P. Elliott, Wil
liam E. Ellis, Elmer M. Emmet, John 11. Fe
gan, Han-ey W. Fry, Edwin L. Green, Kioh- |
anl S. Greene, Edward E. Grow, Koy E. <!uy
dery John P. Harklns. Robert W. Hartwell, j
James E. Hicks, William W. Holling, Max j
R Holling, Andrew J. Hlnes, James C. Kane,
Henry Kaiser, Peter J. Kelly, Philip C. Kane, |
George F. Knacke. Joseph J. Kattlnger, Wil
liam G. Lee, Grandalle E. Leavltt, Joseph j
Lull \rthur F. Lundbenj, Charles J. Mund,
Edward M. O'Reilly, Harold E. Parks, Wil
liam E. Ferryman, William D. Potter, George
L. Rees. Arthur T. Boper, Francis R. Bohauck, !
Justin H. Stewart, John R. Stow*, John M. ;
ywltzer. Chester A. Thomas, Ernest F. Town
■end, Frank N. Turton, Jeremiah Turpln,
Myron 1?. Trumbower, Benjamin. P. Walls,
Clarence M. YVardall, Robert Wescott, Knul
Wetherhal. Will R. White, Henry T. Wbttlock, !
William Wider, Cbarlea J. Woodall, William
A. Wrlgloy, Frank E. Young, Rennie D.
y«ung, Herbert M. Brace, Clarence F. Atwell.
Jcfee IS. Pj>angler, Ralph J. McCord, Jes.se W.
Kut«. I'lncus Kurti, Percy L. liadt, Hairy 11.
Kline, Thomas F. Dean, Harry Rltter, Law
rence Grlmrs.
Of those of Company X thirty-four were stu
dents trom Stanford University, and of the
thirty-four thirty-two paved successfully.
Company L— Captain, John F. Eggert; first
lieutenant, Harry E. Curzons; second lieuten- !
ant, Albert C. Adler; sergeants, Frank J. j
Orundmsn, James H. Foley; corporals, Henry
G. Leffman, Howard G. Coletnaa, Julifi.ii Kra
mer, Theodore Kruse; musicians, Henry Ga.-s
don, Edward H. AengstSLck; privates, Adolpn
Abrams, Henry J- Anderson, Charles Badding
ton, Christopher O. Brown, Joseph J. Buzke,
Leon Burchard, Edward Bennett, Henry Bittel.
Arthur Buhl, Frank S. Brown, Bernard M.
Clancy, Henry J. Collins, Thomas F. Collins,
BeVt K. Davis, George Donovan, Joseph Don
ley, Arthur H. Daly, Gt-orge C. Eldridge
Ward J. Ea-ston, Roland B. Ellis, Peter J.
Finn, William J. Furey, Charles G. Green,
Eugene E. Grojean, Thomas C. Haley, Fred- I
erlck A. Healy, Louis J. Harrison, Prentice
Hlatt, Max R. Kruse, Mark F. Kelly, John C.
Kleson, Joseph C. Lauber, Edward J. Leary
Herman J. F. Leffman. Matthew T. Loftus!
Frank H. Loueks, Augustine W. Loftus Law
rence Lorenson. Thomas A. Marlow, Alexander
Meyers. George A. Marshal, James R. \l, -
Lean, Peter McLaflln, William F. Miller
Charles J. McCarthy, Robert R. Macgregor'
Duncan McKenzie, John E. Munster, James
G. McG^ynn, Benjamin McGlynn, Charles J
Molke, George McC. Nelson, Frank W. Neai'
Frank C. Owens. William F. Osborn Louis
Ososke. Don Prior, DavM N. Rogers. Henry
G. Reese, Henry Ryan, James N. Slatterv
Carl WUllam E. Spoilord. William
6. .^■^"•, J A "? crt F - %an H»fen. .Samuel W
W iddlHeld, John H. Wohltmat John C
Wherls. John W. rThlte, Robert " Weiss \u'k
ust \Megand. William H. Wheeler, Herman P
Bernard Campbell.
Company M— Captain. Thomas F O'Xell
second lieutenant. Charles T. Hogan; serpeants."
Edward M f Rivers Paul H. Sontagg. William
L. VI all, John M. Cobby, William P. Maher,
Emil C . btn<th; corporals, Charles E. tfoyt
tred L. Kelly, James W. Maher. Charles f'
Repy, Malcolm S. McNelll, Thomas P. Maher :
Privates. Albert Ames, Nelson E. Bonce.'
Daniel T. Curley. Richard Collopy, James C
Corcoran, Daniel T. Gorman, Charles E. John
son, Richard D. Jones, Almy A. Lawton, Hugh
P. McSweagan, Matthew F. McTlugh Jacob
J. Mahe. Frank W. Owens. Albert Plnkert.
Andrew J. Reilly, Addison M. Stringer Jr
David B. Taylor, Alfred B. Waller, Edgar A
Taylor. Frank J. Kelly. Denis J. Kelly, James
J. McCann, Amos Albert. Alfred Ames. Milton
T. Bradley. Albert J. Bogan. Herbert L. Bar
rows, Harry A. Bailey, James J. Barree, Oscar
Bosney. Patrick J. Bartlett, John J. Clancy
William L. Daley, Edward C. Diver, Charles
t>, Fischer. Peter H. T. Fischer, Thomas F.
Fahey. Grant T. Gray, Louis Graham, Ellis
B. Holmes Francis J. Kerr, Henry B. Lage,
Michael J. Lyons. Paul Laugan. Airred F.
Meierhardt, Eugene Merwln, Fred W. McDon
ald, Thomas Mlchaelson, John M. Miller. Ed
mond J. Meaney, Joseph J. Morrell, Frank W.
Newbert, Frank C. O'Nell, Timothy J. CNell
William O'Donnell, Charles A. F. Pracht. John
11. I'rideaux, John L. Quinn, John J. Hi irdaa,
Thomas L. Rock James H. Rav<>kes, Joseph
M. Smith, William H. Spellman, James B.
Sheridan. James J. Shaw. John Sahderfeld,
Charles D. Squires, John Sheill, Arthur Q.
Sutnerland. Otto G. Volkman. Carlton G.
Whlttler. John S. Wheeler, Stephen Burdell,
Thomas J. Belton, Frank Paulsen.
Eager to Serve.
The members of the Sanitary Corps of
the Fifth Regiment are anxiou3 to be at
tached to the troops now being mobilized.
All the members of the corps reside in
Oakland, and they have prepared ■» pe
tition addressed to the Governor asking
that if their regiment be not 'ailed they;
be attached to some of the regiments or
battalions now being placed under arms.
Captain O. D. Hamlin and Major J. P.
Dunn are the officers of the corps, and
the men who signed the petition are:
George Harris. James H. Robinson,
Charles B. Blessing, George C. Taylor,
W. B. Moskiman, M. Gatter, C. Sullivan.
C. Butte, C. A. Anderson. G. Adams, M.
Duchau, Ralph Street, Harry Aj Clough,
Jesse McGregor, Charles Norris, 11. Hu
ber and A. \V. Kitchen.
Patriotism Around the
Campfires.
Within a fortnight 6000 regulars and
volunteers may be mobilized In this city.
The Presidio of San Francisco will pre
sent a martial sight when the troops
parade in daylight, but the vivid scenes
or' TKttriotic inspiration will be witnessed
in the evening when the soldiers gather
around a myraid of glowing campfires
and sing the songs of patriotism. Voices
of men singing the Battle Hymn of the
Republic produce a thrilling effect, and
since the war with Spain is a conflict la
the cause of humanity, the volunteers
will sing:
In the beauty of the lilies Christ was bora
across the sea
With a glory in his bosom that transfigures
you and me.
As he died to make men holy let us die to
make men free.
"\\" li i 1 «-• God is inarching on.
Alameda in Line.
ALAMEDA, May 6.— Many signatures
of both gentlemen and ladies have been
appended to the rolls of the Red Cross
League which have been distributed
about town, and it is expected to hava
a large membership by the time the pro
posed mam-meeting is hold, which has
been set -for Saturday evening of next
week. There has been a l.*-»le misunder
standing as to the exact object of ob
taining these names. It is solely for the
purpose of obtaining pledges that tna
signers will, when called upon, contrib
ute as they may be able toward thp main
tenance of the work of the league in.
Cuba. It is not expected that any one in
this State will have any other connection
with the wi.irk than making such contri
butions, though there may, of course, be
some who will go to Cuba if they desire.
Insurance for Soldiers.
The Gormania Life Insurance Company
has given notice that it will issue war
permits on all its policies not exceeding
510,000 issued previous to May 1, taken on
the lives of persona who may enter the.
military service of the United States,
without extra charge.
Women and the Wheel.
From the Gazette, Delaware, Ohio.
Tho healthfulness of bicycle riding: for
women is still a disputed question be-
tween eminent physicians and health re-
formers.
Used in moderation it surely creates for
women a means of out-door exercise, the
benefit of which ail physicians concede.
Used to excess, like any other pastime,
its effect is likely to be dangerous.
The experience of Miss Bertha Reed,
the seventeen-year-old daughter of Mr
J. R. Reed, 335 Lake street, Delaware,
Ohio, may point a moral for parents who'
like Mr. and Mrs. Reed, have experienced
some concern for their daughters who are
fuml of wheeling. In the fall of '96 Miss
Bertha, who had ridden a great deal be-
gan to fail in an alarming manner. ' Sh«
grew steadily paler and thinner, and it
appeared she was going into consumption-
Rest and quiet <l'd her absolutefv ™
rood. A phy-
sician found
her pulse at
104— a very
high rate.
Thinking this
may have
been due to
temporary
n c r v ousnesa
when he ex-
amined her.
h e ■watched.
her closely,
but her pulse continued at
that rate for two weeks. He
was satisfied then, from her
hieh Dulse and steadily wast-
she
She Rides Well
ing condition that she was suffering from
anaemia, or a bloodless condition of the
body. She became extremely weak, and
could not stand the least noise or excite-
ment. In this condition of affairs they
weca recommended by an old friend to
get some of that famous blood medicine.
Dr. Williams' Pink PllLs for Pale People.
They did so, and almost from the first
dose Bertha began to improve. She con-
tinued to take the nails and was by means
: of those pills made entirely well, and
! more grateful people than her parents
1 cannot be found in the whole State of
Ohio.
Dr. Williams' Pink Pills have proved a
boon to womankind. Acting directly on
the blood and nerves, they restore the
requisite vitality tn all parts of the body;
i creating functional regularity and per-
I feet harmony throughout the nervous
system. The pallor of the cheeks is
| changed to the delicate blush of health;
j the eyes brighten; th© muscles grow
i elastic, ambition is created and good
I health return*.SUCCESS FOR
THE RED CROSS
California's Volunteer Soldiers Will Go to
the War Fully Equipped.
Mayor Phelan, Mrs, E. Martin and Hecht Brothers
Contribute Bountifully to the
Fund.
Headquarters
Bed. Cross Society,
May 5, 1898.
Appeal to the people of Cali
fornia.
Our California boys have
been called to garrison the for
tifications of Manila. They are
going to fight under the old
flag upon a foreign shore;
many will fall sick and others
shed their blood in our behalf.
The Red Cross Society of Cali
fornia, formed to attend their
calls and soothe their pains
upon the tented field, appeals
to your patriotism for assist
ance.
Let us rally to the aid of our
country's defenders. We need
money for necessities, not for
luxuries. And as time is press-
Ing, the money should be given
at once.
(Signed)
JAMES H. BTTDD. Governor.
JAMES D. PHELAN, Mayor.
MRS. W. B. HARRINGTON,
President Red Cross Society.
MRS. JOHN F. MERRILL.
Chairman Ladies' Executive
Committee.
The Red Cross Society yesterday, in
its appeal to the people of San Fran-
LETTERS THAT BROUGHT AID TO THE RED CROSS.
312 Pine street, May 6. IS9S.
Mrs. John F. Merrill. 1752 Washington street— Dear Madam: For fear
that we might be forgotten in thp qreut scramble to contribute to the in
itiatory work of the Rod Cross Society, we hasten to inclose our check for
$50, to be devoted to the purposes of the society. If necessary— call again.
HECHT BROTHERS.
Ban Francisco, May 6. 1898.
Hon. James D. Phelan, City— My Dear Sir: Inclosed herein please find
my contribution in answer to the appeal made by the Red Cross Society to
aid in the worthy cause of ministering to the comforts of our noble men
who are going forth and exposing their lives in the defense of our country.
With earnest hopea for their success and safety. I remain very sincerely
yours, ELEANOR MARTIN.
muched the button of the State's ;
patriotism. The people will do the rest,
•g with substantial inolosurea are
coming in upon the society, which feels 1
assured that when the order comes fri>m
"Washington the National Guard of Cal- j
ifornia will be fully prepared to go
forth to meet th«f dancers of battle or \
the even deadlier perils of disease ;
guarded by the most impenetrable of i
Bhlelds. For this shield shall be forged |
of the purest and best instincts of hu- |
manlty. and its practical lining of all i
the creature comforts, all the most ;
modern surgical appliances, all the ne- ]
cessities of sanitary precaution will not j
be forgotten.
Mayor I'holan, who is always the first
to become aware of a worthy cause !
and to second heartily efforts in the |
right direction, sent his check for $200
MAYOR PHELAN REMEMBERS THE VOLUNTEERS.
to Mrs. Willard B. Harrington, presi
dent of the Red Cross Society, yester
day. Mrs. Eleanor Martin of Santa
Cruz wrote a gracefully loyal little note
and Inclosed a contribution for $50.
Hecht Brothers of 312 Pine street sent
a check for $."0 and a cordial note end
ing, "If necessary, call again."
People seem to be vying with each
other in placing themselves at the so
ciety's disposal. The Fuller Desk Com
pany has supplied chairs and desks for
the- Red Cross Society's headquarters.
and Slnane & Co. have provided hand
pi, me rues in recognition of the fact
that these women are not devoted
wholly to business, despite their < <>n
tinued philanthropic work, and enjoy
the little amenities of life as well as its
duties. The telephone company will
supply a telephone, so that presently
:,"}/■} ADVERTISEMENTS.^
1 Who '
Oy vr -tpt jr 0 -dj - - J99 I •B I
I Travels Widest"
g finds nowhere a tobacco that in chewing « jgj
© qualities or flavor will bear comparison with ml'gs&£)
1 Plug Tobacco H]^
c' The choicest leaf and the Fiuzer method jp|^^fflß^ 5
C of manufacture make Boot Jack one grade ig&Mwffit&^&A I?
X higher than the best of other brands. V^^^M^V^^l \
X Mall 36 silver par*"!" strips from *cent cuts of Boot .Tack to tb« lffiK«il|ra&fiKsßra3H X
© manufacturers, and receive in return a lumdsoine aluminum T&^c^S^lpsfQ jg
§j JOHN FI.NZER & BROS., LoultTlUe, Ey. _ '** 8 j
"Central" will hear nothing but "Put
me down for a hundred," or -'Put me
down 50 cents"— both of which mes-
B&gea are equally acceptable.
The finest, the most spontaneous, the
noblest answer to that appeal published
yesterday was given by the pupils of
the Washington Grammar School, cor
ner of Mason and Washington streets.
The Washington Grammar School is
the banner school of San Francisco—
the first to enroll Itself as the champion
of humanity, the first to be touched by
the thought that the soldier boys of
California were about to go to war un
prepared, handicapped, hindered by in
sufficient provision, by lack of medical
appliances, by the want of that tender
forethought which It is the province of
the Red Cross to Buppy.
Miss Ma Kervan, who at Monday
night's meeting declared that "the
women of California are the most loyal,
the truest-hearted of any of the whole
Union, and they will prove their pat
riotism when occasion requires," is a
teacher at the Washington Grammar,
a sehn.il for boys. Yesterday, with per
il of Principal T. C. White. Miss
Kervan addressed the boys of the
Washington Grammar, four rooms of
them at a time, the doors being thrown
open for that purpose. The effect of
the patriotic teacher's address was im-
The whole Washington
Grammar has formed itself into a Red
Cross Society— every boy of them, from
the tiniest transplanted German to him
of Spanish descent in the upper class,
signing a form pledging himself to a
certain sum every- month, so long as
the war shall continue. The volunteer
list is headed by the principal's name,
promising $1 monthly and those of all
twelve teachers for 50 cents apiece.
There's a record for the schools of San
Francisco to aspire after, and to out
do—if they can! The Red Cross So
ciety will present each of these new
recruits with badges.
There were many curious and pa
thetic incidents, too, in connection with
this banner school of the Red Cross.
When one lad put his name down for
50 cents monthly, his teacher profc
"But I can, I say," insisted the young
patriot, "and I will." Another small
Teuton — it is the youthful American of
foreign descent, five or six hundred of
them, that fills the Washington Gram
mar School — informed his teacher that
his father gave him a nickel every day
for carrying his lunch to him, and that
nickel should be a Red Cross nickel
every month until the war is over. His
brother, who goes to turning school,
I remarked that "Walking: is pretty good
those days. A fellow can save his car
fare if he wants to." And so he can.
and will, for he's down for 10 cents a
month. But there was a small dark
skinned lad wlur craved a private In
terview with the leader of the niove
; ment.
"Thay," he lisped, "thay, my moth
i er's Thpanish, you know. She won't
\ let me give a thent. But, thay, my
father will. Ileth Thpanish, too, but
it's California Thpanish, and that
; meanth American. Put me down for
i lij centh."
Of all the war documents that are
tM become history, the most Interesting
would be this record of a voluntary in
| co-me tax on the schoolboys, signed in
I the round, childlike writing, with the
THE SAIS T FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
REV. JOHN COYLE, M.D., D.D.
The president of the Berkeley High School Sanitary Commission gives some
practical suggestions for the formation of auxiliary leagues to the Red Cross
Society In the country districts. His communication is as follows:
"As there are thousands of patriotic young men and women in the country
dist-cts of the State who would be glad to aid the. Red Cross movement now
un<] r way, but do not know just how to begin. I have thought a few sugges
tions to get them started would not be out of place at this time.
"We all realize there Is no time to lose. Our California boys will soon be
ordered to Manila. We must not let them go unprepared to face the danger and
suffering of Held and hospital, and as there are thousands m village, town and
hamlet who would gladly help us if you will tell them how, I venture to sug
gesl the following plan for organization:
"FiTrt-JLet there be a call tesued by the press and pulpit of the town or
village for a meeting at some given time and place for all interested in this
work to enroll. . . ,
"Second-After the enrollment list is complete, elect a temporary chairman
and secretary Then appoint a nominating committee to name permanent offl
cerß-preSident vice-president, secretary and treasurer and an advisory board of
five or seven. This board, with the officers, will constitute the executive com
mittee to act ad Interim with power. Let the committee name also a medical
consulting board, composed of the physicians In the town or village, who will
advise how to prepare bandages, disinfected materials for wounds, etc.
"Third— l et this executive committee appoint the following committees: Com
mittee on finance, committee on medical supplies, committee on food and com
modities, committee on transportation, committee on correspondence and litera
"When the organization is complete communicate Immediately with Mrs. Wll
lard B Harrington, president of the Red Crosa Society of San Francisco, resi
dence HIS Sacramento street. She will have the league placed on the roster aa
an auxiliary and put the league in communication with the executive committee
at headquarters in San Francisco. This general outline may be changed to suit
the exigencies arising in various localities. -JOHN COYLE, D.D..
"President Berkeley High School Sanitary Commission."
sums promised opposite. Mayor Phe
lan himself may recognize in these
small men his equals in generosity and
loyalty.
Hereafter a representative of the
Red Cross Society will be at headquar
ters rooms 204-5-6-7. second floor,
f'laus Spreckels building, every day,
from 10 a. m. till 5 p. m. From 1 till
2 p. m. the president and the secretary
will be present.
A meeting of the executive committee
is called fur this evening at 8.
Supplies Wanted.
Major McCarthy, chief surgeon of the
First Regiment, in looking over his medi
cal supplies has found that the regiment
is sadly dell. •lent in a great many ti.w.^-s
necessary for the maintenance of a go.nl
field hospital. The instruments arc not
modern and there is npi enough Of them
nor are they of Bufncient variety, and
there is room for any amount of dress
ings and medicines. He is counting »n
the assistance of the new Red Cross bo
eietv however, and hopes that by the
time, 'the regiment, is ordered from the
city there will be provided all that is nec
essary.
Patriotic Elks.
The following is self-explanatory:
SAN FRANCISCO. May 6, IS9B.
At the regular meeting of Golden Gate. Lodge
No 6, Benevolent and Protective Order of
Elks incorporate!!, It was decided to pay all
dues' fines and assessments of all members of
the 'lod-e who enlist In the service of the
United states and go to the war with Spain;
also that their families should be cared for
during their absence. By order of the lodge,
during ln^ rILLIAMr ILLIAM M _ josEPIII. Secretary.
ALL READY FOR THE SIGNAL.
The Masonic Festival to Be Formally-
Opened Next Monday by Sena
tor Flint.
The Masonic Festival, which has been
In preparation for the past two or three
months, is to b« formally opened to the
public next Monday, and from the pres
ent outlook is to be a success far beyond
the most sanguine expectations of those
directly interested in it. Work of ar
ranging the interior of the Pavilion is
about complete, and by Sunday night or
Monday morning all will be in readiness
for the dedication ceremony.
AH tlic lumber necessary for building
purposes, construction of booths, etc.,
was donated and delivered last Thursday
afternoon, and will be immediately placed
in position wherever needed.
The young ladies of the drill corps un
derwent one of their last rehearsals on
Thursday evening before their initial ap
PATRIOTIC HUNGARIANS WILLING TO AID AMERICA,
At the regular meeting of the First Hungarian Society of San
Francisco, held on Monday ni^ht, the following resolutions were
unanimously adopted:
Whereas, The people of the United States of America are en
gaged in a war out of humanitarian reasons and in the caute of lib
erty;
Besolved, That every able-bodied member of this society here
by tenders his services to the President of the United States and will
cheerfully serve In the war against Spain, or against any other coun
try in the upholding of the stars and stripes, the glorious emblem
of human freedom. The secretary is hereby instructed to communi
cate these resolutions to the proper authorities at once.
STEVE SZEGEDY. President.
GUSTAV HUMMEL, Secretary.
Whereas, The members of the First Hungarian Society of San
Francisco became aware of the patriotic stand taken by the Austrian
Military and Benevolent Association of this city, in offering their
services as volunteers in the United States army, to assist in liberat
ing Cuba from Spanish oppression, though they (the Austrian Mili
tary and Benevolent Association) are aware of the Austrian Govern
ment's sympathy wita. Spain, be it
Resolved, That our society, appreciating the loyalty and patriot
ism of the Austrian Military and Benevolent Association, congratu
late them on their courageous and manly offer.
STEVE SZEGEDY, President.
GUSTAV HUMMEL, Secretary.
pearance before the public In the Pavilion
on Monday evening.
The wheel of fortune and various other
good old games of chance will dispose of
most of the articles OB exhibition in the
coming festival, while those remaining
wiil be soid cutrJu'it.
Twenty-eight Masons offered their serv
ices Thursday afternoon to the executlvo
committee for tin- first week, and among
this number were mechanics of every
conceivable trade that could possibly be
used to advantage— carpenters, decorators
and even billposters.
Senator Thomas Flint Jr. of San Juan,:
win. is to officially set the wheels of the
festival in motion, arrived in the city a
few days ago, and Is ready for his task.
Clubs Consider the Charter.
Several of the improvement clubs have
switched off from their local wants to
the consideration of the charter. At the
meetings of the West of Castro Street,
the Lick-Wilmerding and Precita Valley
clubs the proposed fundamental law was
discussed at their gatherings last night.
In all of these the charter : was talKed
over. The good and bad points were
paraded and compared with the existing
laws which now govern the city. In tho
majority of | the clubs no expression of
opinion was offered further than the ask
ing of questions of such of the speakers
as undertook to explain the intricacies of
its composition, with the unlimited power
it proposes to bestow upon the new "Lord
Mayor," with his thirty-three Commis
sioners.
♦'Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full stories told in next Sunday's
Call.
The Rose Exhibit.
The California State Floral Society met
yesterday to hold a special meeting in
regard to the floral show It intends giv
ing next week. All the little details were
arranged for the rose show, and the ex
hibition committee reported that many of
the prominent florists had promised to
exhibit their choicest ptiints.
The members of the society discussed
"Seeds" after the exhibit had beeri ail
settled, and many interesting examples
were shown. The meeting this month
was held a week earlier, so as not to
interfere with next week's programme.
Sold Lottery Tickets.
The bookstore of Mrs. If. v. Thomas,
1203 Market street, was raided yesterday
afternoon by Policemen Van ICuren, Mi-
Corniirk nnd Tyrrell, and 311 lottery
tickets were seized. Mrs. Thomaa and her
clerk, Bassio Owen were arrested and
booked at the City Prison on the charge
of tdding and abetting a lottery.
S. L. ACKERMAN
AS STAGE MANAGER
Will Direct Afternoon Perform
ances Soon to Be Given
at the Alcazar.
Many of Henrik Ibsen's Works Will
Be Presented to the Society
Folk of the City.
A series of afternoon performances will |
soon be given at the Alcazar Theater.
The management states that it will be
a society event and bid for the intelli
gence and culture of the city. The plays
given will be the works of Henrik Ibsen j
and Maurice Maeterlinck, and, among
others, "A Doll's House," "Pillars of
Society," "Hedda Gabler," "Ghost
AValks," "The Intruder," "The Blind"
and "The Seven Princesses" will be pre
serited by the clever stock company now ,
on the boards at the theater. j
Ibsen's plays are considered second only
to Shakespeare's, and as S. L. Aukerman j
is to act as stage manager during the
performances in the afternoons, large :
crowds will, without doubt, encourage the !
new departure. The spirit of enterprise ]
exhibited by the management is buoyed I
up by the Feason that they have the con- |
fidence of the public, and the time In
which the performances will be given de
pends upon the reception accorded them.
Mr. Ackerrnan, who will act as stage
manager, is a. well-known society and
club man, and has often assumed charge
of the productions presented by amateur
society people in this city. Mr. Ackerman
believes that the plays will tend to ele
vate theatricals in general, and as soclety
will gather on the first night to witness
"A Doll's House," a continued success is
looked for. The new stage manager does
not interfere with the duties of others
during the regular evening performances,
but he has entered the idea with the de
termination to bring- off the plays in the'
best manner possible.
FAILURE TO PROVIDE.
An Unusual Number of Cases in the
Police Courts Recently.
There have been an unusual number of
cases of failure to provide In the Police
Courts recently, and yesterday Judge
Low issued no less than four warrants
for the arrest of husbands on this charge.
Delia T. Daggett, 51 I.angton street,
swore to a complaint for the arrest of
Frank Dunn, which Is an aggravated
case; John Dulucchl, 432 Francisco
street, was the complaining witness
against Francisco Pagrinlni; Mary Mc-
Donald, 47 Federal street, against Walter
McCoy; and S. G. Clifford, 1811 Sutter
street, against Cord Wrede. The last
mentioned defendant was tried before
Judge Joachimsen on Thursday on the
same charge and the case waa dis
missed, as at the time alleged In the com
plaint the defendant had provided for his
children.
Yesterday Gteorge Aubertlne. a barber,
was convicted before Judge Campbell for
failing to provide for his two young
children. Sentence was postponed, as the
defendant faithfully promised to give his
wife $3 a week for the support of the
little ones. He paid the first installment
Into court.
■ ♦ ■
A CHARMING MUSICALE.
Temple-Workers of Plymouth Con
gregational Church Entertain.
The spacious homo o< Mps. Ernest
Rochat at 2G20 Vallejo street was thrown
open last night, and for a few short hours
the many guests that thronged the hand
somelf>arlors and refreshment rooms were
delighted with the rare entertainment and
delicious music provided for the occa
sion. -
The affair was ' got up chiefly by : the
Temple Workers of Plymouth Congrega
tional Church, to whom Mrs. Rochat
cheerfully tendered the : use of her i resi
dence. The programme of the evening
was as follows: Piano duet, Mrs. "Wilkins
and Miss Georgia Read; mandolin trio,
the Messrs. Brown; recitation, Miss Em
ily Rochat; vocal duet. Miss Eva Tenney
and Miss Myrtle Brooks; piano eolo. Miss
Ldllie Rochat; recitation, Miss Ripperdan;
lute solo. Professor Adelstein; vocal solo,
Mr. Eliot; recitation. Miss lloppe; char
acter song. Captain John Leale.
The respective numbers were all well
rendered. In the interim bountiful re
freshments were provided.
The Wasp This Week.
! The cartoon features of that splendid
! Illustrated weekly Journal, . The Wasp,
1 are particularly good this week. The cen
j ter page colored cartoon depicts the Span
' iards securing: all the information desired
'as to what the United States is doing:
toward war preparations from the yellow
I Journals that are always full swing, and
i in consequence of which there is little
! necessity to have spies in America. An
other cartoon depicts Don Quixote Budd
, and his faithful squire, Sancho Panza
Colnon off to the war, bent on pulling
; down' the Spanish throne. Another car
toon contains a suggestion for a new
monument to be dedicated to the Mayor,
ami another picturesquely depicts the bil I
board nuisances. There are some half
dozen splendid half-tone engravings of
; the warships In Admiral Deweys vie-
I torious squadron, and also of those on
the Atlantic Coast, besides a very enter
taining article on the past and present or
sea fighting, with pictures of ships that
carried the Stars and stripes to victory
iin the olden tim». Senator Mulrooney re
sumes his letters to The Wa*si> and this
week disserts on practical politics as con
ducted on true Jaeksonian principles. In
the "Plain Talk to Public Characters"
there is a brief address to 'the crop of
would-be Napoleons who crave for imme
diate military prominence, with a view
i to the profits of peace that follow in the
wake of war. In the "Old Maid's Diary"
Tabitha TwiggS exposes the weakness of
, the fair sex for "fibbing." and in the
"Social Side Lights" several 'cry enter
taining stories are told on people who
are known in society and out of it. The
editorials in The Wasp this week are, as
usual, vigorous and timely, and the vari
ous other departments are carefully writ
ten and up-to-date. The Wasp is easily
i the leading illustrated weekly of the Pa
j cific Coast.
Deformities of the Face.
The Medical and Surgical Reporter of :
Philadelphia, one of the leading journals [
of America, contains an article on the [
surgical treatment of deformities of the
face, by Dr. McTapgart, formerly of this
city but now of Grass Valley, in which
some very delicate and artistic surgery
is performed. If an ear projects, is too
lar^e or irregular in shape, or a nose '
is crooked, beaked, too long, flat or in '
any way deformed, he skillfully corrects
the deformity by a plastic operation and j
thus converts ugliness and forbidding ;
features into expression, attractiveness .;
and beauty.
Jessie Ackennan relates some of
her most wonderful experiences in
dotting the great globe with W. C.
T. U. missions in next Sunday's Call.
Fire in Chinatown.
A fire at 12 and 1C Ross alley at half
past 4 o'clock yesterday morning did
about $1000 worth of damage to a three-
Btory brick building, owned by Ellen
Cushing and A. Spinetti and occupied by
Chinese as a restaurant, saloon and lodg
ing house. The adjoining house, owned
by Moon Shee, was damaged to the ex
tent of poe.
First Mail to Dawson.
The Hr.st mails to Dawson City by way
Of the Yukon River will leave this city
on May V> r>n board the steamer Cottage
City. 'Malls must be deposited in the
Postofflco on the 14th at the latest. The
next mail? on the Fame route will leave
this city on June H. All matter must be ;
mailed on the preceding day.
Suit Against Crittenden Thornton.
Thomas Rickard commenced suit yes- ;
terday against Crittenden Thornton to re- ■
cover $1570 alleged to be due on a promis
sory note executed by him June 23, IsSS.
For and against the charter. Bead i
what The Star says to-day. . .* j
ALICE NEILSON
IS HOME AGAIN
The California Prima Donna
Severs Her Connection With
the Bostonians.
Miss Giustl Reported to Have Also
Resigned. Owing to Dis
eension.
Alice Nellson has returned home. The
popular prima donna has severed her con
nection with the Bostonians, and if her
present plans are carried out she will i
remain here quietly until she starts out i
next season at the head of her own com- |
pany.
It to reported that Miss Glustl has also
left the Bostonlans, and if the stories |
flying about in theatrical circles are I
founded on fact, the liveliest kind of a
row has taken place, culminating in the
two California songstresses resigning
rather than submit to what they deemed
unwarranted interference on the part or
the management.
There are two versions of the trouble.
One la that Miss Weilson made herself ex
tremely obnoxious to the other members
of the company by her efforts to monop
olize the stage and the favors of the au
diences. It is charged that all the ap
plause was taken to herself and that none
of the others was permitted to share in
the commendations.
Miss Giusti, toe, it is said, early devel
oped an undue appreciation of her own
abilities, to th« extreme fatigue of her
associates, and when the management In
timated that It would be well to give the
otherg some chance she withdrew from
the company. Miss Nell?»on was not so
easily disposed of. She had several
stormy interviews with the manager, but
when he insisted that she make herself
leas conspicuous she, too, retired.
Miss Nell sen's version Is quite different.
It la to the effect that the other members,
envious of her pronounced success, re
sorted to every means to annoy ana be
little her. Interruptions were of frequent
occurrence, her cue given at the wrong
time and a constant clatter kept up be- ]
hind the scenes during her solos. Finding
her protests had no weight with the man
ager, she concluded it would be better
to resign, and djd bo. Miss Neilson is
exceedingly gratified with her reception
by the Kastern musical public and is
building high hopes of success In antici
pation of the time when she starts ou,t
with her own company.
Gentlemen's Sodality.
On Sunday morning, May 8, at the 7:30
mass, the Gentlemen's Sodality will
march in procession from their chapel,
headed by the officers ajid banners of the
society, to St. Ignatius Church and there
j receive Holy Communion in a body, and
at 2 o'clock in the afternoon will, in con
junction with the Ladies' Sodality, give a
select vocal and instrumental programme
I at College Hall and present Rev. T. de
! Masini, S. J., with an address and testi
j monial on the occasion of his golden
: jubilee, he having been fifty years a priest
i in Jesuit orders.
1^ ■ ♦ ■
Children's Lyceum Entertain.
The Children's Spiritual Lvceura g-ave
it very pleasing May entertainment to
! their friends last evening. The time was
: passed with music, recitations and the
i crowning of the May uueen. After the
j entertainment the children were sorv^d
I with ice cream and cake. The object of
the lycfum is to promote good morals
flmong the children and to teach them the
best moral life. The money realized last
evenlnp will he turned over to the build
ing fund of thf> organization. IJttle Gertie
Grant was the May rpiofn.
The San Francisco and" North Pacific
Railway people report that they have
never carried so large a number of peo
ple in an equal period as they have ac
commodated on the Ukiah Sundays in
April. The Ukiah makes the run to El
Campo four times every Sunday and is
pretty well filled each trip with pleas
ure seekers. *
Lieutenant Burke ' 3 Siayer.
Thoodore Park Haynes. who shot and
killed Police Lieutenant Burke on Hernal
Heights, was called for arraignment yes
terday before Judee Wallace. At the re
quest' of his counsel the matter of ar
raignment was continued until next Fri
day .
ADVERTISEMENTS.
TRUSTEE'S
SALE
COMMEHCESTHISDAY
BEAMISH'S STOCK,
818-922 Market St,
lawn — -Mil 7,
The entire stock to be
sold at retail For the benefit
of creditors. This is the
most magnificent stock of
! Shirts, Hats, Underwear and
all classes Men's Furnishing
Goods ever offered to the
public— no old shopworn
goods or cheap trash.
'< Everything will be sold at
very low prices to make a
■ speedy clearance.
By order of •
THE COMMITTEE.
NEW WESTERN HOTEL,
KEARNY AND WASHINGTON STS.—RE-
modeled and renovated. KING, WARD &
' CO. European plan. ■ Rooms . 60c to $1 50 : day,
$5 to J8 week, $8 to $30 month. Free baths; hot
: and cold water every room; fire grates in every
j room: elevator runs all night.
j _. ■
AMUSEMENTS. =
RACING! RACING! RACING!
—CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB
Winter Meeting 1897-98, Beginning TUESDAY.
. May 3, to May 21 Inclusive.
OAKLAND RACE TRACK.
RACING MONDAY. TUESDAY. WEDNESDAY,
THURSDAY, FRIDAY -AND SATURDAY.
FIVE -OR MORE ; RACES EACH DAY.
rr — -RACES START AT 8:15 P. M. SHARP.—
i Ferryboats leave San Francisco at 12 m. and
12:30, 1.00. 1:30. 2:00, 2:30 and 3 p. m., connect-
' ing v with train ; stopping * at ■ . the entrance to
track. Buy your ferry, tickets to Shell Mound.
, Returning— Trains leave the, tracK at 4:15 and
1 4:<5 p. m.. and immediately after the last race*
THOMAS H. WILLIAMS JR.. . Pres.
R. B. MILROY. Secretary. . - . ; , ■ '
: HI VM DT 1 Corner of M»*on anJ -
» WAR! WAR! WAR SCENES!— The Maine;
: divers at work; : feeding reconcentrados; Span-
1 ish troop* ■ and ship*. • with a - host of thrilling
Havana war scenes by the .Biograph; and- a
■ great olio of specialties. Most Interesting show
| la : the, city.. ADMISSION FREE- :>»•"" ■« : - : <'
ADVERTISEMENTS.
MBS. PLNKHAM'S ADVICE.
What Mrs. Nell Hurst has to Say
About It.
Dear Mrs. Petkham:— When I wrote
to you I had not been well for five years;
• had doctored all the time but got no
better. 1 had womb trouble very bad.
My womb ' pressed r backward, causing
piles. I j was in such misery I could '
scarcely walk across the floor. Men- !
struation was irregular and too pro-
fuse, was also
leucorrhnea. I
had given up all
fIT/^^jrL*. ,DM hopes of getting
wtu.*?'tr "* wBS well > everybody
WB&M^, >~yMM thought I had
l»lil ~TtiW consumption.
'-^irtells^J ll /"* five bottle 3 °*
/ WTTU \\l W i Lydia E - pink " i
(' YUuljlij//' \ "? ham's Vegeta- j
' H \' *// ble Compound,
' I felt very much better
and was able to do nearly all my own
work. I continued the use of your mcdi- ;
cine, and feel that I owe my recovery to \
you. I cannot thank you enough for your
advice and your wonderful medicine.
Any one doubting my statement may
write to me and I will gladly answer
all inquiries.— Mrs. Nell Hubst, Deep- j
water, Mo. ': > I i
Letters like the foregoing, con- j
stantly being received, contribute not
a little to the satisfaction felt by Mrs.
Pinkham that her medicine and counsel
are assisting women to bear their heavy
burdens.
Mrs. Pinkham's address is Lynn, Mass. \
All suffering women are invited to
write to her for advice, which will be j
given without charge. It is an ex-
perienced woman's advice to women.
AMUSEMENTS.
MQROSCO'S GRAND OPERA-HOUSE,
Walter Moroaco .Sole Lessee and Manae-r.
Last Performances of the Sing-ing Soubrette,
LETTIE LE VYNE
"HEARTS OF NEW YORK/
Next Week— New Stars In
"THE PRISONER OF ALGIERS."
EXTRAORDINARY FEATURE.
BIG JIM JEFFRIES andJACK STELZNEH
In a Grand Boxing Exhibition.
ALL NEXT WEEK. 1
Evening: Prices ...10c. 25c. 800
- Matinees Saturday and Sunday. ,
CALIFORNIA THEATER.
THIS WEEK MATINEE TO-DAT.
Hoyt's Record Breaker
**fk TEXAS STEER!",
Presented by Katie Putnam. Maurice Freeman,
Will H. Bray and an all-star cast.
Popular prices IBe, 25c and 60c.
Next Monday— "THE ENSIGN." and
Special Attraction Between Acts, "The Drum-
mer Boy of Shiloh" and His "Flag Pictures.
BALDWIN THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY.
To-Night and Sunday— Last Times.
pp XX) S »-«/-<. F* r/Vl,r /Vl, A* IN
-■ ; " In the Comedy Hit of the Season.
"THE F»URSER."
: EXTRA-The Passion
! As given at Oberammergau, daily (except Sat-
"'■Jia.v*. Pt 3. Sf>ats 2."c.
• NEXT MONDAY— The Teat French Patoml-
. mist
. PILAR HOHIN in "IN OLD JAPAN."
COLUMBIA THEATER.
MATINEE TO-DAY— TO-NIGHT
Tiie '-.mint nt Romantic Actor,
ROBERT ■ B. MANTELL,
Accompanied by a Select Company Under tho
Management of M. W. Htaley. Presenting a
New Romance by A. W. Tromayne. Entitled
f\ SECRET WARRANT.
Numerous Accessories. Superb Costumes.
NEXT MONDAY— "MONBARB."
TIVOLI OPERA-HOUSE.
Mrs. Ernestine Krellng, Proprietor and Manager
LAST NIGHTS
The Greatest of All Comic Operas,
WANG!
NEXT WEEK
Our Most Successful Comedy Opera,
"SHIP MHOY!"
Up to Date and Way Ahead.
POPULAR PRICES.. 25c and 50a
Box Office Always Open. "... No Telephone.
MATINEE TO-DAY, (SAT.), MAY 7.
Parquet, any seat, 25c; Balcony, 10c; children,
10 KERN hfrtT VISIONS OF ART; JOHN W.
RAN SOME, as 'Jeneral Fitzhugh Lee: BOG-
ART & O'BRIEN,* eccentric musical come-
dians- HAVES & BANDY, dancing marvels;
LIZZIE B. RAYMOND: TONY WILSON and
clown- RENO & RICHARDS. ROBERTA &
DORETO and FISH & QUIGG. »
Matinees every Wednesday. Saturday ana
Sunday. ' _ '• ' '
ALCAZAR. 15^.' 35c, see
FAMILY MATINEE TO-DAY
TO-NIGHT" AND TO-MORROW (SUNDAY).
Emphatically Last Times of
THE GAY PARISIANS
MONDAY NIGHT NIOBE.
L,. R. Stockwell, Wright, Huntlngton and full
Alcazar Company^ ■
NORRIS BROS.'
PEERLESS DOG AND PONY SHOW!
— locv - PERFORMING PETS— lOO— ' '
Exhibit Under Their Big Tents, .
CENTRAL F»/\RK:.
Two weeks, beginning MONDAY, May 2.
Evening Performances, 8 o'clock. Matinees
Dally. 2:30 p. m.
PRICES— Adults, 25c; Children, Me. Street
parade. 11 a. m. dally. " ■
SUTRq_BATHS.. r
TOM SHARKEY
LEGG* RATIO
LEO O. RATTO
Will Swim a 220 Yard Exhibition Race :'.
AT 3 P. M.
—SUNDAY. MAY 8, 1898—
Admission. , We. Children. sc.
A SPANISH BULL FIGHT
■ MAY BE SEEN
EVERY AFTERNOON AND EVENING
THE CHUTES,
In Conjunction With a GREAT VAUDEVILLE
SHOW! . •: •,
Latest WAR NEWS Read from the STAGE. :
10c to All. Including Zoo, etc.; Children 6c.
; EL CAMPO,
THE POPULAR BAY RESORT.
Now open every Sunday during the ' season.
Mußio, Dancing. Bowling, Boating. FiaiUnc
and other amusements. ". : .•;•-
' •Refreshments at city prices. Fare. . round
trip. 25c; ■ Children, ; lac; including admission
to grounds. STEAMER XJKIAH—
—THE STEAMER UKIAH—
Will leave Tiburon Ferry at 10:30 ft. m.. 12:10.
I and 4 p. m. " Returning, leave El ; Campo at
1 U:IS a. m.. 1, 3 and sp. m. ; ; ,
910
PRETTY YACHTS
NEAR
OLD SAUSALITO
To-day the Pacific Yacht Club opens
Its Beason at Its pretty headquarters at
Old Sausalito. The yachts will bo deco
rated with flags mid ready to receive vis
itors on board during the afternoon.
There will also be a reception and danc
ing In the clubhouse. In the evening a
special tug. leaving Mission street wharf
at 7, will convey guests to the dance.
The tug will return from Sausalito to the
city at 11 o'clock. On Sunday there will
bo "a cruise with the visiting yachts. The
fleet of the Pacific Yacht Club comprises
Ad-mlral J. D. Spreckels' schooner Lur
line. Commodore E. A. Wiltsee's Aggie,
Vice-Commodore Martin Roberts' schoon
er Azalene, Rear Commodore C. J. Con
nally's sloop Eschscholtzia, W. S. Good
fellow's schooner La Paloma, the sloop
Annie, EL W. Hopkins' steam yacht El
Prlmeco, R. R. l'llommediea's sloop
licla, the sloops Pride and Sarena,
and the following launches: G. A.
Knight's Athlete, C. H. Crocker's Chi
qulta and Wanderer, also Wallele and
Kangaroo. A cordial invitation to be
present at the festivities has been issued
to all the clubs on the bay, and notice
given that yachtsmen -.\ni !',■ admitted on
tation "! their membership cards.
The opening cruise of the Corinthians
laet Sunday was joined in by the. fol
lowing representatives of the San Fran
• Club: Commodore It. T. l.
Hill's flagship Cygnus, Vice-Commodore
George T. B. White's sloop will o" the
Wisp, ex-Commodore I. Gutte's schooner
Chi spa, W. N. McCarthy's schooner
Ramona, A. Sutherland's sloop Catherine,
. t ami the launches Ameri
ca and Rambler.
The jinks last Saturday night In the
clubhouse at Tlburon is pronounced the
..- and most successful entertainment
ever given orinthians. The farce
was uproariously applauded. Next day
the jinks committee and the "talent"
Joined the opening cruise on the Magic.
As the yacht sailed round the United
Puitns coast defense vessel .Monterey, the
vocalists sang "Hail! Columbia," "Rev,
White and l;;uc" and other patriotic
to the delight of those on board
the warship. The officers doffed their
caps, the ladies waved handkerchiefs and
Jlors cheered.
The following <"urinthian yachts took
part In the opening cruise lust Sunday:
Commqdor Carl Westerfeld's sloop
Aeolus, ex-Commodore George Billings'
Bloop Nixie, T. F. Tracy's Secret, ex
tnedore J. W. Pew's Truant, EL
Donohoe's Speedwell, F. 1... King's Lois,
J. M. Mattoon's Amigo, F. A. Sehobor's
Plata, R. R. l'Hommedieu's Phoenicia,
E. i:. Lathrop's Pride, F. A. Bartlett's
i, Nereid, Edna, Maggie and Elia..
The yachts cruised first to Sausalito. then
to Fort Point, along the City front, past
Alcatraz, to Angel Island, where they
parted, company, some returning to Sau-
Ealito. while others went back to Tib
uron or for a sail in the channel.
The Emir.al Yacht Club will hold its
ng day on May 14. Tin- entertain
ment committee, consisting of President
It. i. }.. Tisdale, Vice-President P. S.
Teller and Director G. T. Wright, prom
ise a good programme. On Saturday af
ternoon. May 14, there will be swimming
races, water polo and boat races, and
in th« evening a reception to visiting
yachtsman, a vaudeville entertainment
and probably a dunce. Vice-Commodore
Harold Ward has sold the steam launch I
Fancy to Charles Lane, and, with O'Con
nor, of the sloop Fawn, Is looking- round
for a larger boat than Fawn. Commo
dore J. S. Hanley and F. Marriott have
chartered Spray, and Mr. Dorn has
bought the sloop Iris from Dr. E. S.
Clark. The yacht Caprice has come back i
Into the club, and will be sailed by James :
Hanley Jr. The sloops Volante and :
Fawn are both In commission, and E. K.
Taylor will bring- Emerald to "moorings
near the clubhouse next week. 11. K.
Field, a director, is putting the steam
launch Kittle in order. The club bowl
ing tournament was won by "Coot" Dar- ;
neal. Dr. Ed Younger coming second. j
A pool tournament takes place this week. ;
The following yachts of the California
fleet sailed to Tiburon last Saturday to
take part in the Corinthian opening: A. i
C. Lee's Surprise, Commodore C. J. Lan- •
caster's flagship Embla and Arthur
Franklin's yawl Bachelor. Pratt' yawl
Idler, with ex-Secretary W. C. Wallace i
as a guest, was ready to sail on Saturday,
but did not get under way until 6 on >
Sunday morning, when wind and tide
were, favorable. Farmer's schooner Drift
started to go to Tiburon cove, but, find
ing the weather rough for ladies, put
back to the clubhouse. Director \V. 11.
Gould took his first cruise in the sloop
Corlnne. George turn 'Suden does not find
time to sail much in his sloop Regina. I
A new sloop, to be named Rattler Junior,
If being built near the California club- |
house. L. S. Sherman has had the sloop !
Royal put In order for the season; she ,
is now at the club anchorage. Allen M. i
Cla> has put a new wheel into his sloop i
Sea Fox, and C. Wilson, the steward, has
polished and painted the club cannon In j
anticipation of an attack on the Pacific i
Coast. Last Sunday L. S. Sherman's |
sloop Royal, Allen M. Clay's sloop Sea
Fox, W. H. Gould's sloop Corinne and j
Secretary G. F. Gaither's sloop D and I
started together from the clubhouse to
meet the yachts returning from the Cor
inthian opening cruise. On board U and I I
were Misses Charmian Kitteridge, May j
and Gertrude McCrea and Messrs. D.
Cushman, Mackintosh and Hines of
Berkeley. F. J. Mofntt's launch Augusta
was towed back from near the narrow !
gauge pier by the launch Homer, manned
by C. J. Lancaster and C. Olsen.
The yawls Hope, Idler, Lupita and
Bachelor, the stoops Corinne, Doris, Em- !
bla, Pilgrim. Rcglna. Sea Fox. Surprise,
U and I and Royal will take part. in the !
club cruise to Lighthouse Cove, Goat j
Island, on Saturday night, will anchor in
the cove, and on Sunday morning will
follow the flagship Embla to Sausalito,
to be present at the Pacific Yacht Club's
opening cruise. Commodore C. J. Lan
caster will sail to the cove In U and I j
and go on board Embla there.
_____ ♦ I
WHAT SPORTSMEN AND
ANGLERS ARE DOING.;
The Empire Gun Club will hold its
monthly Shoot on Sunday in Alameda. \
The prizes will consist of cash and j
medals.
Anglers are now looking forward to j
the pleasant hours they expect to enjoy j
in whipping, mountain streams, and, ac- j
cording to latest intelligence, the trout j
are taking the fly tolerably well in the j
Sacramento River near Simms. Fly
fishing should be pood now until the
ml<l<lio of June, when the salmon will
reach their spawning grounds.
Fishing remains good in the coast
streams, which the Commissioners say
will positively be stocked in June. Charles
Precht killed eighty trout last Sunday
In Paper-Mill Creek. Striped bass weigh
ing not more than half a pound are being '
sold in many of the downtown restau
rants.
Huntington's fables. Read what The
Star haa to say to-day. * ,
The Filed
of Sport
RELAY COURIERS
FOR THE
CYCLERS' RACE
The fifth annual relay race of the
California Associated Cycling CUibs will
take place to-morrow, and the members
of the five clubs that have entered teams
are in a fever heat of expectancy. Al
though this Is just one-half the num
ber of clubs that entered teams In this
great event last year, the Interest In the
contest is unabated. The five clubs en
tered this year being the Acme Club
Wheelmen and Reliance Club Wheelmen
of Oakland, Garden City Wheelmen of
Qtai Jose, Bay City Wheelmen and Olym
pic Club Wheelmen of this city, finished
in the first live places last year, the order
being Bay City, Olympic, Reliance, Acme
and Garden City. It te a case of the
survival of the fittest, as the other clubs
other lacked the racing men or found
the expenses of maintaining a relay team
too heavy to warrant the outlay.
Just a brief resume of the raoe itself
may be given here, and -when it Is said
that the event is watched and read of
throughout the whole United States by
all the wheeling fraternity, some idea of
its importance in the mind of the aver
age cyclist may be gained.
The race ip a distance of 100 miles, from
this city to San Jose via San Bruno road,
and back to Alamcda on the other side
of the bay. The start here Is at the cor
ner of McAllister and Larkin streets at
i> o'clock sharp to-morrow morning, and
the finish will be about five hours later
on Central avenue, Al&meda, between
Pearl and Regent streets.
Eacb club participating entora a team
of w-n men; each of whom rides a relay
of ten miles for his club. Bach man is
furnished by bis club with a "trailer,"
usually a clubmate, whose sole duty it is
to lend the relay rider he Is following
his own wheel In case the relay courier
breaks down. The trailer is kept back
of the courier a couple of minutes at
the start, so as not to Interfere with
the couriers of other clubs.
A 1 the start the riders of the first relay
are handed a leather packet, which usu
ally contains h. letter from the Mayor of
this city to the chairman "i the Board
of Trustees of Alameda, commenting upon
the rii ft itnd wishing him the compliments
c; the day. At the end of the first relaj
each man hands his packet over as soon
3a lie arrives to the rider of his club
on the .second relay, and so on down the
line, and tlie dub man who first bears his
li.uket across tin- tape at the end of the
tenth relay Is declared the winner of the
race, that is, his club wins the trophy
for that year. It must be won three times
to obtain linal possession, and as a nevv
cup is being run for this year, it has
yet to be won for the n'rst time.
The following are the names of the
reiay riders for each relay of ten miles,
and the dubs they will represent:
First relay -Acme, George Ferris; Hay City,
Harry Fuwier; Giuden City, Gall Hardenbrook;
Olympic, L. H. .Smith; Keliance. _'hll 11.
Rosenbeim.
Si-i-unJ relay — Acme, Theodore Kchleuter; Bay
City, Grorge Felix; Garden City, Tony Del
nia.s; Olympic, Geoi_e Taiuau; Keliance,
Charles liullovk.
Third relay— Acme, Howard v». Squires; Bay
City, Han Noonan; Garden City, George Thorn;
Olympic, George Fuller; Keliance, \V. Poole.
Fourth relay— Acme, Clarence H. Staples;
Bay City, Hen Kaynaud; Garden City, A. J.
Clark; Olympic, E. F. Russ; Keliance, George
Franck.
Fifth relay— Acme. I>o A. Burke; Bay City,
Frank Q. Peck; Garden City, Koy Bridgeman;
Olympic, H. D. Bean; Reliance, C. D. Gooch.
Sixth relay — Acme, Harry L. Anderson; Bay
City, Walter J. .Davidson; Garden City, Ted
Belloll; Olympic, George Kroetz; Reliance, P.
Vallentine.
Seventh relay — Acme, J. R. Sampson; Bay
City, John 1,. Davidson; Garden City, D. E.
Francis; Olympic., E. G. Stanley; Reliance, H.
N. Mosher.
Eighth relay— Acme, A. S. McDougallj Bay
City, W. J. Black; Garden City, Julius Smith;
Olympic, B. O. Kragness; Keliance, F. F.
Freeman.
Ninth relay- Acme, E. J. Smith; Bay City.
Robert J. Black: Garden City. M. Quimby;
Olympic, E. A. Kozio; Keliance, Wllliajn lia
" Tenth relay— Acme, A. T. Smith; Bay City,
"W. G. Furman; Garden City, C. M. Smith;
Olympic, J. K. Wing; Keliance, A. P. Deacon.
Babstltutea Acme, C N. Bolte and A. Reldy;
Bay City F. EL Haley and A. J. Menne;
Olympic W. Ma'kie and J. H. Nash; Garden
City and Keliance Clubs did not name any
substitutes.
Each club provides Its men with dis
tinctive racing suits, made up of the club
colors, and by noting the following any
one will be easily able to distinguish what
club a m.\n is riding for to-morrow:
Acme Club, red and black; Bay City, old
gold and crimson; Garden City, purple
and gold; Olympic, crimson and white;
Reliance, red.
The following are the trailers for the
five clubs, named in the order in which
they will serve on the ten relays:
Acme— F. \V. G. Cortage, J. Toungr, C. N.
Bolte, R. LlttlefieW. A. Reldy. J. Hermann,
J. Morehouse, E. Harden, A. H. Bullion and
T. Schleuter.
Bay City— R. P. Phillips, R. J. Elliott, L.
R. Cofer, F. R. Haley, A. J. Menne, H. V.
Ready, John McGillvray, Dr. E. T. Mervy
Nat M. Oilman, J. M. Xye Jr.
Garden .City— Ray Johnson. Robert Butler,
Fred Burgess, R. Bubb, H. Robinson, A. Hil!
M. G. Francis, Ed Wastle, George Van Leu
wen, O. Hardenbrook.
Olympic— C. Hadenfeldt Jr., C. B. Stone Jr ,
J. Ford, J. H. Nash, J. Ward. F. Carroll, O.
E. Bozio, A. J. Steri, M. _md, Ed Tucker.
Reliance— W. 11. Arps, F. Coxhead. A. Ban
nister, Charles Gross, Clay Holmes, C. Auvle,
Charles Vofjel, William Bartlett, George Cra
mer, C. R. Griffith.
From a spectator's point of view, there
are numerous places of vantage at which
the race can be seen and appreciated
Of course, there will be the usual im
mense crowd at the start, McAllister and
Larkia ptree-is. Fjrom. there tlio course
THE SAIST FRANCISCO CALL,, SATURDAY, MAT* 7, 1898.
I Is down Larkin street to Ninth, down
Ninth to Folsom, to Twenty-second, to
Potrero avenue and out to the San Bruno
road. Many will probably wheel out the
San Bruno road to the Six-mile Hill, from
the top of which a splendid view caJi be
I had. The men can be seen for a mile
j coming toward the city, and the sight of
them going pell-mell down the other side
will never be forgotten.
It was estimated that fully 20.000 people
assembled at the finish in Alameda last
year, and there will probably be as great
a throng to-morrow. Most of the of
ficials and club men will go over on the
boats from 11 to 12:30 o'clock, so as to be
on hand early. Bulletins will be posted at
the corner of Park street and Central
avenue, Alameda, from telephonic advices
sent by the judges at the end of each re
lay, showing the progress of the race, and
these will be productive of a great deal
of interest.
The trophy for which the clubs are con-
I testing this" year is a beautiful silver cup
' valued at $250, presented to the assoeia
! tion by Leavitt & Bill, and It will be a
valuable addition, to any club's silver
chest, apart from the glory of winning it.
W. A. Terrill. the well-known racing
man, left for New York last evening.
]{c is under contract with the American
Cycle Racing Association, and will sport
the colors of the Bay City Wheelmen.
H. W. SPALDING.
REGATTA OF THE
SOUTH END CLUB.
The boating evpnt of tne week was the
regatta of the South End Rowing Club
lost Sunday. The day was beautiful, the
water smooth and there was some good
racing. The course was rather more
than half a mile straight out from the
clubhouse, round a barge, and return.
The disappointment of the day was the
non-appearance of the sculler Dr. C. C.
Dennis, whose duties with the naval bat
talion detained him. The half-mile spe
cial spurt between Al Fritz and Frank
Duplissea did not como off, Fritz having
strained himself by overreaching; while
playing baseball The junior skiff race
between Joseph Lyons and James Pallns
was won by the former, and the ;nter
medlate barge race was also won by a
volunteer crew, stroked by Joseph Lyons.
The junior barge race was won by Barry's
crew, the victory being mainly due to the
good course steered by George McGrill.
Though Chetwood Avres of the Alameda
Boat Club beat Len Hausler of the South
End Club in the skiff race, it is probable
tli at Hausler, who has only recently taken
up rowing again, did not exert himself.
In the open skiff race between Tom Shor
tall and Mat Breen of the South End
Club and W. O. Patch of the Dolphin
Club, Tom bhortall caught a crab and
capsized In the iirst twenty yards; W. O.
Patch won. The Dolphin Club sent its
Bix-oared barge, and the Alameda Club
its senior barge crew, to the regatta.
Among the visitors were J. R. Bookman
'of the Ariel Rowing Club, C. H. Smith
and W. B. Hlnchman of the Alameda
Boat Club, a crew of naval battalion men
in a Whitehall; Arthur . Inkersley of the
Oxford University and Adelaide Univer
sity Boat clubs, and E. M. Garnett of
Harvard College. After the races songs
and music entertained the visitors In the
clubhouse. The Soutu End picnic takes
plar-e to-morrow at Mirabel Park; it is
hoped that the proceeds will materially
diminish the indebtedness incurred in the
erection of the handball court in the club
house.
The Ariel Rowing Club will hold Its re
gatta on the first Sunday in June. The
senior and junior crew are now In regu
lar training. The following two junior
crews will compete: First — Edward Mc-
Donough, stroke; F. Loth, after-waist; J.
Horton, forward-waist; Edward Bailey,
bow. Second — Andrew Carroll, stroke;
Daniel O'Connor, after-waist; Henry Wil
son, forward-waist; Albert Carroll, bow.
The winners will try conclusions with the
"German" crew. The following single
scullers are going out regularly: Frank
Wilson, George Phelan. James O'Connell
and Charles McAuliffe. The club has
NEWS FROM
THE DIAMOND
BY JOE CORBETT
Recreation Park will comfortably seat
SCOO people.
It in rumored that Pitcher Harvey in
tends joining the Pittsburg club of the
National League, this season. Such a
move will undoubtedly prove a serious
blow to the Gilt Edge team.
Fresno is trying to sign "Jim" Sullivan.
If the Oakland management has neglected
to sign this crack player, they ought to
lose him.
Wheeler, the "soldier boy," has been
signed by Fresno. Should our militia bfl
ordered to Manila Fresno will have to
release him, as Wheeler says nothing
could prevent him from making that
trip.
The "fans" are still wondering what
team Iberg intends playing with. Wake
up. "Ham," it is very unlady-like to
keep everybody guessing.
Henry Krug will in all probability
pitch for San Francisco Sunday. Opposed
to him will probably be Iberg, and if both
are in good shape, the game should de
velop into a pitcher's battle.
Charles' O'Kane, who played with the
Oaklands of the Pacific States League,
has been released, owing to the consoli
dation. Why he should be left out is a
mystery. There are very few, if any,
players now on the coast that surpass
him in his position, and there are any
number on the various teams that, as ball
players, should not be mentioned in the
same breath with O'Kane. Owing to lack
of practice he, like a good many others
I have seen since these leagues organized,
have been playing poor ball. It does not,
placed an order for a new barge, to-be
ready on July 4, with Rodgers.
Almost the only active members of the
Dolphin Boating Club just now are Victor
Caglieri and W. O. Patch, who go out in
skiffs daily. Patch is trying to carry out
some ideas recently suggested to him by a
Harva# man, who is an enthusiastic stu
dent of styles of rowing.
A. B. Hinchman, secretary' of the Ala
meda Boat Club, is taking a vacation.
Several members of the Olympic Boat
Club were at Tiburon on Sunday. The fol
lowing crews went out in the four-oar:
First— George James, bow; Fred Schmidt,
2; Oscar Davis, 3; and H. Herzer, stroke.
Second— George James, bow; H. Herzer, 2;
W. Cartright, 3, and Albert Collins,
stroke.
The South End Rowing Club will hold
its annual excursion and picnic at Mira
bel Park on Sunday.
The committee having the picnic In
charge is: T. Fitzpatrick (charirman),
John L. Herget. A. J. Fritz, Jame3 Fee
ban, Joseph ODea, E. P. Shortall, A. H.
Melletz, Joseph Lyons, James Foley, Jo
seph Foley, John D. Mahony. Matt Breen,
J. J. McCarthy, William Thoiras and
Alex McGeorge.
DOGS OF QUALITY
COURSING FOR COIN.
No less than 140 greyhounds will com
pote for coin and fame at the two cours
ing parks to-day. The sport might be
said to be at its height, and certainly it
has reached an elevation never befcre at
tained on the coast or in America.
At Ingleside to-day and to-morrow two
stakes will be run off, viz. : an all-age
event for the top-notchers, embracing
forty-eight entries, and a puppy contest
between twenty of the keenest youngsters
ever going to slips. The feature at Union
Park is an all-age open event, in which
seventy-two performers will compete for
honors. The candidates at both parks in
clude many of quality and the sport will
be correspondingly hot.
The rundown at Ingleslde will bother
the talent a bit this afternoon. The dogs
are all well matched and in some cases
with exceptional closeness. The likeliest
to raise a flag are High Born Lady. Fi
renzi, Tallamore, Lass o' Gowrie, Myrtle,
Benicia Boy.Bonita.Right Bower, Eclipse,
Connemara, Prince Hal, Van Kirk, Van
Needa, Sylvia, Tessie Fair, Promise Me,
Mystic Maid, Whiu> Uly, Glen Roy, Se
norita, Occidental, Nelly Conroy, Hinaloa
and Sweet Music.
The rundown of the puppies at Ingle-
Bide should go to Dauntless, Thornhill,
Rathbone, Royal Prize, Liberty Bell,
Royal Oak, Soubrette, Minerva, Dempsy
Lass and Magnesia.
The Interstate Coursing Club held Its
usual monthly meeting this week, Domi
nlck Shannon presiding. Among tho im
portant business was the establishing of
a new stake, wherein the usual liberal
prize (S6OO added money) v.ill be hung up,
but divided in such a manner as to give |
the winner Jl.'.u and the otlvrs in propor- j
tion down to the winners of one course
who will receive $7 50 each. The first of
these stakes will be run off two weeks
from to-day at Ingleside and
once every three months, or in the months
embracing five Sundays.
The club also passed the following res
olution: "That Ihe breeder of the puppy
winning first prise in any of the club s j
future proditcp stdkes shall receive ten
per cent of tho money won by such puppy ]
in said stakes."
It is expected that the famous Handy
& Smith string of Minnesota will arrive
here early next week. Mr. Smith has al
ready been In the city several days and
only awaits his dogs to embark in the
game with vigor.
Excellent sport Is promised at union
Park to-day. The winners of the stake
should be Kingston. Moore's Prescription,
McKinley, Lord Byron, Terrona, Rusty
Gold, Jester, Sharkey, Theron, Black
stone, Arapahoe, Laurelwood, At Last, i
Glenwood, The Turk, Cavalier, Royal j
Buck, Lissak, Sweet Lips. Robert Adair, j
L. S. Connelly, Fear Not, Port Costa
however, necessarily follow that, with
practice, he will not be able to play in
his old form. I would advise some of
these managers who, it appears, are un
able to tell a good player when they see
one, to sign Mr. O'Kane, and lose no
time. Here are the names of a few play
ers who, from all accounts, are quite fast
enough for the Pacific Coast League:
Pitt, late of Sacramento team, of Califor
nia League; pitched four games .'md won
throp, besides weighs 220 pounds and
stands six feet high. Williams, shortstop
of San Jose team, late California League.
Packenfield, pitcher of the Napa City
team. This man never lost a game while
with the above named club. These play
ers have good records, and should be
given a chance.
Baltimore is crazy over the great pitch
ing of Hughes. They say he is the best
pitcher that ever donned an "Oriole" uni-
form.
The grand stand and bleachers at Recre
ation Park are to be painted. No money
is to be spared In making this park the
best in California.
The Young Olympics have- reorganized,
and would like to hear from all teams
under fifteen years. Their line Up is as
follows: Davis, pitcher; Sleffen, catcher;
Sinleton, first base; Smith, second base;
Sullivan, third base; Lynch, shortstop;
Rail, left field; Teska, center field; Marx,
right field. Address all letters to Tony
H. Teska. 448 Jessie street.
Jim Sullivan, of the Oakland-Reliance
team, says that Owinger. who at present
is pitching for the Grass Valley club, is
a good pitcher, and should be signed by
one of the league clubs. Here is a good
chance for some team. In fact there fs
not a team in the league that could not
afford to support a good pitcher. They
certainly are very scarce.
"Truck" Egran says that he is going to
devote all his spare time to pitching.
Not a bad idea, "Truck." First learn
how to control the ball, the rest comes
very easy.
Manager Swanton says that all teams
.are treated fairly by the umpire in, Santa ,
Lass, Amorita, Rocklln Belle, Tod Sloan,
Hercules, E V D, Clipper, Move On, Syl
vanus, Susie, White Chief, Jennie Deane,
O'Grady and Pastime.
The running at both parks' to-day com
mences at the usual hour, 1 o'clock. At
Ingleside the puppies will go first to the
slips, and both stakes will be , carried
through the first rundown.
Among the puppies at Ingleslde to-day
are several that have never been seen
before, and rumor has It that something
In the way of sensationalism may de
velop. ■-•<*.
The Union Coursing Park Association
has Issued the following card to sport
lovers:
SAN FRANCISCO, May 4, 1898.
The Union Coursing Park Association, recog
nizing the bond 6* fellowship .a all llhea cf
sport, and being desirous of furt>"»- cement
ing the same, Has «.ei aside Sunday. May It.
as Wheelmen's day. Ar.iple arrangements liuve
been made on our grounds fo r the backing of
wheels, free of charge, and a careful employe
will be In constant attendance for that pur
pose.
Your organization is respectfully invtt?d to
hold a club run on the above date, having fcr
its objective point our spacious park near
Colma. While It is our wish to make this em
phatically a Wheelmen's day, and to see as
many as possible In club costume, we desire to
Bay that the badge of any cycling club will ad
mit the bearer to the grounds without charge.
Unattached wheelmen In costume will be cor
dial- welcomed as well. Coursing will com
mence at 11:30. Ladles are specially Invited,
and to one and all a day of exceptional sport
Is assured. Fraternally.
UNION COURSING PARK ASSOCIATION.
RACKET-WIELDERS IN
INTERCLUB DOUBLES.
To encourage Interest in doubles, the
three bay tennis clubs have come together
and arranged a series of games which
will be played off every Saturday. Each
club is represented by two teams, and the
winner of the most games during the sea
son will receive a handsome trophy, to be
come the property of the club which they
represent. The first game will be played
this afternoon at the California Club
courts.
The following complete schedule has
been arranged:
May 7— San Francisco vs. Alameda, at San
Francisco.
May 14— Oakland vs. Alameda, at Alameda.
May il— San Francisco vs. Oakland, at Oak-
May 2S— San Francisco vs. Oakland, at San
Francisco.
June 4— Oakland vs. Alameda, at Oakland.
June 11 — San Francisco vs. Alameda, at Ala
meda.
Owing to the refusal of the Whltneys
to represent the California Tennis Club
in these matches, San Francisco will not
have its strongest teams In the field
against the suburban competitors. Harry
Weihe and S. H. Adams will be one of
the teams that will work for the local
club; the other will be picked to-day.
During the week the following interest
ing matches were played: George Whit
ney and Dr. Root defeated Robert N.
Wnltney in three very close sets. Geor t r e
Whitney defeated Dr. Root in two
Btraigbt sets. A. G. Buckley and W. G.
Tale mixed things pretty hotly in a four
sot match, Yale winning by a score of
6—4 6-^2 6—o C — 4. Walter McGavin de
feated Harry Weihe. 6-4, 6-4 6-0.
Dally and Cornell defeated J. McGavin
and Grant Smith, o— 4. 6—4.
Although the ladles' doubles did not
eventuate, the courts were well patron
ized by the fair sex during the week.
A series of matches were played among
the following ladies: Misses Bowman,
Buckley, Matthews. Billings, Warner,
Horr, Manning, Harrison, Hudson and
Jackson.
On Monday a match was played be
tween Misses Gerstle and LlHenthal, the
loser to be the hostess of a dinner party,
the exclusive right to invite the guests
of which to be vested in the winner.
Miss Gerstle will do the Inviting and Miss
Lllienthal the ordering.
Anby Buckley, J. C. Mcßride and Wil
liam Landry are now training on Moun
tain View court for a match in doubles.
Joe Daily will be the fourth party.
Cruz. The players, however, still kick.
Such Is life.
Recreation Park Is the scene of great
excitement, and all on account of a big
game between San Francisco and San
Jose which is scheduled to take place
there Sunday afternoon. Altogether ten
men are at work on the grounds and
stands, laboring hard to have everything
in readiness for the big crowd that is
expected to be present when the umpire
ejaculates "Play ball" in to-morrow's
game.
Twenty-seven loads of sand have been
taken off the field— the uneven spots
patched up, until now the diamond looks
as smooth as a billiard table. The stands,
which a week ago presented anything but
an inviting appearance, have been dusted
and cleaned, so there need not be any
fears regarding the ruination of silks or
satins. Little boys unaccompanied by
their parents will "not be allowed in the
grand stand, a place having been re
served for them in the left field bleachers.
This was a very good move on the part
of the management-
President Bert says that in three weeks
the electric road from Market street
down Eighth to the grounds will be run
ning, and that everything is being done
to make things as pleasant as possible
for the baseball public. He also states
that the contracts for all private boxes
have been renewed, on account of the
consolidation, and were leased as fol
lows: Pacific-Union Club, Reliance Club
of Oakland. Bohemian Club, Produce Ex
change, Cosmo Club, Mr. Spreckels and
Mr. Leake of The Call, A. ft Lawrence
and T. T. Williams of the Examiner,
President Bert and officers of the Pacific
Coast League and Recreation Park Asso
ciation.
Read the exceedingly interesting
story of Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in next Sunday's Call,
ATHLETIC TRIPS
OF THE
COLLEGE BOYS
The Eastern trip of the California ath
letes has finally been sacrificed, and in
stead of such a lengthy journey for fresh
honors the Blue and Gold team will sound
the north. As soon as the colleg-e vaca
tion begins the track and field men will
leave Berkeley for Portland to face the
Multnomah Athletic Club team. Besides
the Multnomahs dates have been arrang
ed with the Tacoma Athletic Club and the
Seattle Athletic Club.
There is something back of this substi
tute trip which has not been made pub
lic. The spirit of the university and the
popular feeling- is in favor of the Eastern
crusade, but there Is one person in the
athletic affairs of the college at present
and his influence has proved all powerful
in preventing such a venture this year.
Everett Brown Is the steerer of the ship,
and by his well laid plans he has accom
plished his desires. Brown did not in
dorse the actions of his fellow students
in the preliminary efforts to "secure tne
necessary accessions for the Eastern
trip. He had other things in view which
he considered more important and which
if the team went East would be impossi
ble to realize. In order to have the Blue
and Gold represented on Eastern fields
both the college and the alumni would
perforce be obliged to subscribe for the
consummation of this design. Now
Brown, considerate for the pockets of his
fellows, fears to ask too much. At pres
ent he is contemplating a touch of the
students and the alumni for a scheme
which is dearer to his heart— the building
of an atlilttlc field, club house and gen
eral training quarters, second to none in
the country. This is the reason why he
did not advocate the trip to the East. To
attain both would not be feasible or pos-
sible. Brown considers one a luxury, the
other a necessity.
The present aggregation of talent at
Berkeley is way and above anything that
the colkK^ n;is heretofore produced. In
every hraneh of field and track athletics
California has a list of champions. When
the home team meets the Multnomah,
however, an interesting field day may lie
expected. The Multnomahs always were
a strong athletic club. Two years ago,
when the Olympics sent a picked team to
try conclusions with the Portlanders they
were ignominiously beaten. The Multno
mahs will have a strong team to set
against the visitors. Besides the home
talent they will lie re-enforced by Mor
gan, Stanford's crack all-round athlete.
Morgan wMI very probably meet Bakewell
in the Inn dies, and for the first time their
respective merits will be tested. The
Multnomahs also have Kerrigan, the
champion high jumper of .the West. There
arc also a number of other first class ath
letes In the Multnomah team, and Cali
fornia will have no snap. Manager Do
zier will take a large team with him:
Drum. Broughton, Woolsey, Bakewell.
Dawson. Hinz. Westerfeld. Walsh. Car
roll, Carpenter. Jackson. Hoffman. Mum
ma. Guiberson. (Jriesberg and Brown.
The meets with the Seattle and Tacoma
athletic clubs are considered easy victo
ries for California. It is expected that the
revenue of the three field days will cover
the entire expenses of the trip.
CHAMPION TEAMS
PLAY BASKET-BALL.
The Portland (Or.) Young- Men's Chris
tian Association Basket-ball team will ar
rive In this city on Friday, May 18, to
play the Business Men's team of the local
association In the gymnasium, corner of
Mason and Ellis streets.
The Business Men's team holds the coast
championship for 1897, and It has also
won the California championship for IS9B,
while the Portland team Is champion of
the Pacific Northwest, having met and
defeated all the leading teams In that
section of the country.
The game to be played on Friday even-
Ing next will be of special Interest, as it
settles the coast championship for IS9B.
All the local players are training hard,
and they mean to play the game of their
lives, so as to retain the honors so long
held, and Captain Titus is confident of
victory. Wilson, Goodrich and Titus, tne
sroal-throwers of the Business Men's
team, are daily practicing, and have at
tained a degree of proficiency seldom wit
nessed. "With the able fnterference work
as guards of Auger, Bernard and Batzer
this team; with its sure passing of the
ball from one end of the field to the other,
will make a strong game, and the Port
lands will find that their eyes must be
kept wide open and their feet on the
alert in order to wrest the championship
from the local boys.
The Portlands' line-up has not been
received as yet, but the Business Men will
play in the folowlng positions: Louis
Titus and Francis Goodrich, forwards;
TV*. Wilson, center; C. J. Auger, F. J.
Batzer, Chris Bernard, backs.
HANDBALL CONTESTS
IN THE COURTS.
The following games of handball will
be played In Phil Ryan's Howard-street
court to-morrow:
R. J Murphy and J. Collins vs. J. -.White
and B. Toy;-; E. Barry . and '■ R. Houseman
vs. M. Basch and" T. Foley; D. Rodgera
and W. Manion -: vs. M. . McNeil and G.
McDonald; P. = Ryan and M. McClure - vs.
.J. , Leonard and P. Hutchinson; J. Dow
lingr and -M. ! Ma^uire ; vs. ■M. . McLaughlin
and E. Curley; J. Riordan and M. Dillon
vs. M. J. Kllgailon. • and :E. Maloney : J.
C. Nealon : and R. Llnehan vs. T. F. Bon
.^*sl:^.SiSJtfS* - -ill __
THE BENCH SHOW
WILL BE A
GRAND SUCCESS
Not in the history of kennel matters In
this State has there been such keen in
terest manifested in a show of high class
dogs as there is at present in the coming
bench show which -will be held at Me
chanics* Pavilion, commencing May IS,
under the auspices of the San Francisoo
Entries to the show will close positively
on Sunday, and no entries will be re
ceived after that date, unless the post
marks show that they were mailed before
midnight of that day.
The San Francisco Kennel Club offers
a silver cup for the best bulldog. This Is
in accordance with the announcement In
the premium list that all breeds in ere . a9
lng their entry to ten or over will be thus
recognized. The bulldog entry already
numbers eleven, with several precincta
still to be heard from.
The cups, trophies and medals are on
exhibition at Shreve's on Market street,
and are well worthy of inspection.
E S Heller will show some bull ter*
riers recently brought to this coast.
Prince Poniatowski intends to exhibit a
kennel. Clinton Worden'a sta« h° un^ a
wtll be a great and novel feature as thia
breed is rare on the coast; in fact, a ken
nel of the kind has never before beea
Sh \no n ther novelty Is B kennel of skye ter*
riers, entered by Mrs. F. G.
Mr. Valentino of the \ endome f' otPl «
San Jose, recently lo.st his magnificent
collie. Laddie, sired by the famous HuftVd
Ormonde, while the dog- was in the nan<l9
of a trainer for the purpose of prepara-*
tion for the show. The dog has, however,
been found In the possession <>f an inno
cent third party, who Dad purchased him.
in good faith- It is claimed by the collie
fanciers that Laddie is the only dog bred
in America who can compote successfully
with the Verona Kennel's i/ia .Hall Ad-
m )ohn E. de ReyteV will exhibit his Irlshf
setter Count t.-Sla<J Jtone. K. "\ . Sullivan
will show his English setters Peach Mark
and Dash Antonio. The former is th«
winner of the all-age stakes run at Ba»»
kersneld last winter.
B M Oldham. the superintendent of th«i
=how. has arrived and has signalized hla
arrival by generously offering $25 as a
special prize to the exhibitor scoring tha
highest number of points, to be decided in
the following manner: Kennel prize to
count 15 points, winner's prize to count 15
points, first prize to count 10 points, sec
ond prize to count 5 points, third prize to
count 3 points, reserve to count 2 points.
The secretary of the Pacific Mastiff
Club has received from the president ot
the American Kennel Club the offUial In
timation that the suspension of the for
mer club has been canceled. The Paciflo
Mastiff Club is thus fully reinstated to
membership in the A. K. C, and the brief
canine war of rebellion is happily termin-«
ated. -
The Oakland show will open on June 1
and terminate on the 4th. H. W. Lacy,
it is said, is the unanimous choice of tha
club for judge. C. A. Spreckels. vice, pres
ident of the Pacific Mastiff Club, has en-<
tered his fine young mastiff Jack, bred by;
F. C. Beazeley of Cupertino.
License for a Boxing Exhibition.
At a meeting of the Health and- Police
Committee of the Supervisors yesterday
it was decided to report in favor of grant*
Ing a permit to the Occidental Athletic*
Club to give an exhibition of boxing be
tweeen May 20 and May 30 on the pay
« ment of a license of JlOti. This Is the club
i of which John L. Herget, better known
I as "Young Mitchell," is manager.
ADVERTISEMENTS. ,
"Have You Seen It?"
THE '"98"
Swell
-DURING
BICYCLE,
GOOD FEATURES:
SIMPLE AND PRACTICAL METHOD OP !
wheel adjustment: arched forked crown* of
great strength; expansion seat post with In-
ternal fastening; strong frame and fork con-
nections; new crank axle mechanism; no keys;
finest finished wheel In the market. writ* tot j
catalogue.
AGENTS WANTED.
LEAVITT" & BILL,
COAST AGENTS,
303 LARKIN ST., S. F.
STERLING BICYCLES
Are Made to Wear, and You Can Get Them
. for All Prices.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.,
404 Battery St.,
Western Agents.
The Helios Automatic Gas Lamps are the
only safe and perfect lamps on the mar-
ket. Call in and see them.
A. C. NICHOLS & CO.
INGLESIDE COURSING PARK.
TWO CLASSIC STAKES!
48 CRACKS— 2O PUPPIES.
BIGMdINEYI
STRONG HARES!
Swutey n A; M.DEFEATED IN
THE NINTH
Boston and Washington
Lose in the JLast
Inning.
Brooklyn and New York Win
Games When Hope Seems
Gone.
Three National League Contests Pre
vented by Rain or Cold
Weather.
8pecl»l Dispatch to The Call.
NEW YORK, May 6.— ln the ninth in
ning of to-day's game the visitors had
the game all but won. Brooklyn, how
ever, by an unexpected display of stick
work, knocked out six runs, and with
two men out, took the game from the
Senators. Attendance, 3000. Score:
„ R. H. E.
Brooklyn 10 17 8
Washington 9 15 6
Batteries— Dunn, Miller and Smith; Amola
and McGuire. — Snyder and Curry.
BOSTON, May Boston had the game
well in hand to-day when a bad error by
Tenney, in the ninth, gave Wilmot his
base, and three lucky hits won the game
for the visitors. Attendance, 2200. Score:
~ _^ K. H. E.
New York 7 9 6
Boston , 5 11 5
Batteries— and Warner; Sullivan,
Willis and Bergen. Umpires— and Con
nolly.
BALTIMORE, May 6.—Baltimore-Phila
delphia game postponed owing to wet
grounds.
PITTSBURG, May Plttsburg-Chi
cago game postponed because of cold
weather.
CINCINNATI, May 6.— St. Louis-Cin
cinnati game postponed owing to rain.
DAY FOB THE MTJDLABKS.
Races at Churchill Downs Bun in a
Drizzling Bain.
LOUISVILLE, May 6.— The track was
a sea of mud at Churchill Downs to-day
and the races were run in a cold, driz
zling rain.
Four furlongs, selling:— Duke of Baden
won Miser Dance second. Monongah
third. Time. :52%.
Seven furlongs — Ollie Dixon won, Ban
ister second. Lord Zeno third. Time,
l:33*i.
Mile and fifty yards. Banished
won. The Planter second, Elkin third.
Time, 1:51.
Four and a half furlongs— Splrituelle
won. Glad Hand second, Frances D third.
Time. 1:01%.
Six furlongs, selling-— Fewness won,
George Krats second, Kathie May third.
Time. 1:20%;
Six furlongs, selling— Purity won, Vicex
Regent second, Allie Belle third. Time,
1:19%.
. CHICAGO, May 6.— Lakeside results:
Six furlongs— Wlnslow won, Jersey Lad
second. Pitfall third. Time, 1:20%.
Four and a half furlongs— Ned Wyckes
won. The Hub second, Mizzoura third.
Time. :59^>.
Six and a half furlongs— Jackanapes
won, Bonito second. Friar John third.
Time. 1:2434.
Mile— Pinkey Potter won. Topmast sec
ond, Al Fresco third. Time, 1:48.
Four furlongs — Lucy Biases won. Nancy
Reitz second, Rosa L third. Time, :52%.
Mazeltof finished second, but was dis
qualified for fouling.
Six — Meddler won, Paskola sec
ond. Green Jacket third. Time, 1:184.
CONSCIENCE OF THE CITIZEN.
An Interesting Lecture Is Delivered
by Father McNally.
"The Conscience of a Citizen" was the
interesting and novel subject that the
Rev. Father J. B. McNally of Oakland
chose to lecture upon last evening before
an immense and appreciative audience at
the Metropolitan Temple.
The lecture, which was given under the
immediate auspices of Strosmayer Coun
cil No. 460 of the Young Men's Institute,
dealt mainly with the individual thoughts
that the citizen mind conceives in con
templating external and supernatural phe
nomena, and his thoughts and ideas as
a citizen of the world regarding his fellow
man. human existence and eternity.
A distinct and plausible parallel was
drawn between the conscience of a man
raised according to the teachings of the
world and the man raised in the realm of
sacredness and within the walls of the
cloister of the church.
In conjunction with the lecture an en
tertaining programme was rendered, con
sisting, for the most part, of patriotic
songs and addresses. The introductory
address by W. F. Humphrey was a loyal
tribute to the flag, the upright policy of
the United States in the declaration of
war against Spain, for the suppression
of cruelty and inhumanity in Cuba, and
the necessity of the citizens of the coun
try standing by this declaration and en
forcing it.
"No matter whether thfi country was
acting under a just Impulse or not," said
the speaker, "what our country does
must, of necessity, be right; and if a
doubt does or should exist, now is not
the time for us to determine; we must
defeat the enemy first and debate the
Justness of the cause hereafter."
The ' programme, as rendered, was as
follows:
Introductory, Antone Pilcovich. president
Stromnayer Council No. 460, V. M. I.; address,
w. F. Humphrey, president of the evening;
patriotic sone. "In the Harbor of Havana"
(original), Frank W. Healy (accompanist, Mljs
May Stein); poem, "Hail to Our Flag," Miss
Nellie Devers; lecture. "The Conscience of a
Citizen." Rev. .1. B. McNmllv; .pone, "My Love
Has Gone a Sailing 1 ." Miss Kittle McShane
(accompanist, Miss May Stein); specialties, Dr.
J. P. McCarthy.
In the Divorce Courts.
Lillian M. Magee has commenced suit
for divorce against Jesse W. Magee on
the ground of desertion; George Knecht
from Anna S. Knecht, desertion; Ernest
H. Cole from Edith W. Cole, desertion.
Judge Hunt has granted Agnes Dies a
divorce from Louis F. Dies on the ground
of cruelty.
Annie Hartwick has commenced suit for
divorce against Frederick Hartwick on
the ground of cruelty and Matthew Mc-
Adoo from Delia M. McAdoo, intemper
ance. :/
Waller's Technical Fight.
Th<* demurrer Interposed by School Di
rector Samuel L. Waller to the indict
ment found against him, charging him !
with having in his official capacity sought I
a bribe, was argued yesterday before
Judges JBorden, Cook and Wallace. At
torney P. F. Dunne; who represented the
defendant, argued that there was .a con
flict in the luws relating to the giving
and accepting of bribes. The law as it
stands makes it a felony to seek or so
licit a bribe, and only a misdemeanor to
accept a bribe. The demurrer was taken
under advisement.
A New Dress.
This week's Town Talk comes out in a
m w typographical costume. The con
v-!;ts of the number include editorials on
the yellow pulpit and the new charter's
provisions: stories about Colonel Irish,
Jimmifl Gleaves and others Ay the Saun
■ rer; a review of VS'illuir 3!eig!er\s new
novel by Kate Clark Brown; a storiette
by the Romancer, and an illustrated ac
• of the ladieß' nipht given by San
■co Lodge Mo. t, B. P. o. E.
Read the exceedingly interesting
story of Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in next Sunday's Call.
It Was James Kidney.
The statement that William Kidney,
the agitator, was arrested for drunken
ness and conveyed to the City and County
Hospital, where he died, had origin in a
confusion of names. As a matter of fact
Kidney, the agitator, was not drunk, but
was picked up on the street suffering
from pneumonia and taken to the Re
ceiving Hospital and from there to the
City and County Hospital, where he died
on Thursday from pneumonia. In the
meantime and on the same day William
Kidney was arrested and locked up in the
Central station, where he is at present.
The two Kidneys mentioned are in no
way related. The deceased was a man
that never indulged in intoxicating liquor.
DOG DAYS COMING.
Renewed Activity in Canine Circles in
Preparation for the Coming
Kennel Show.
From present Indications the coming
bench show, which will be held at the
Mechanics' Pavilion on May 18, 19, 20 and
21, be a greater success even than
that of last year. E. M. Oldham. the
superintendent, who has just arrived from
the East, reports a decided increase in
the entries In the Eastern shows for this
season over that of I«*7, and states that
if San Francisco has a proportionate In
crease that at least 750 or S(A) entries will
be received by the club. Mr. Oldham was
superintendent of the Baltimore show
held two months ago, and also of the
Pittsburg show last month. At the lat
ter place there were 633 entries. San
Francisco, with a much smaller popula
tion, had over 650 dogs last year, which
speaks well for the enthusiasm of the
keiniel men of this ooast The office of
the club is at 224 Montgomery street, and
is kept open both day and evening and
on Sunday. The entries will close on
on Sunday evening May 8, at midnight.
In addition to the .valuable specials men
tioned in the premium list, the San Fran
cisco Kennel Club offers a silver cup for
the best bulldog in the show.
The Baltimore Kennel Association offers
a club medal for the best of each of the
following breeds. Newfoundlands, deer
hounds field spaniels. Dalmatians, skye
terriers, pugs, toy terriers, Pomeranians,
miscellaneous, and also for the best bull
dog the opposite sex to the winner of the
San' Francisco Club's silver cup.
E M Oldham offers ?25 | for the ex
hibitor scoring the highest number of
points, to be decided as follows: Ken
nel prize win, fifteen points; winners
prize fifteen points; first prize win, ten
points second prize win, five points; tnird
prize win, three points; reserve prize win,
two points.
New Companies Incorporate.
The M. T. Carroll & Sons Company has
been incorporated by Matthew J. Carroll,
Luke M. Carroll, Christina Carroll. Mary
E. Carroll a^id Katharina R. Carroll.
The company will engage in the erection
of granite and marble monuments.
N J Stone, Olive A. Stone, A. Z. Sar
gent Darwin C. Allen and H. B. Ham
bly have filed articles of incorporation of
the Stone Educational Company, and will
engage In the publication of educational
works
The El Übarbo Consolidated Mining
Company has been incorporated by Daniel
McKay, Isaac L. Rosenthal, William
Lewis, Moses Sonheimer and Robert
Barnett.
Two Judgments Affirmed.
Judges Wallace, Cook and Borden sat
in bank yesterday to try cases on appeal
from the Police Court.
The first case heard was that of Capi
talist William M. Bradbury, who was
sentenced to pay a fine of $100 for kicking
Paul E. Durney, a musician, out of his
home. The record from the lower court
was found to be correct and the judg
ment was accordingly affirmed.
Judgment was also affirmed In the case
of E. R. Fisher, who was fined $25 for
running a nJckel-in-the-Slot machine that
paid off the winnings in coin.
. ♦ ■
Want a School.
Among the petitions filed yesterday
with the Board of Supervisors was one
by the New Park Lane Tract and Seven
teenth street Improvement Club and resi
dents of the district bounded by Freder
ick, Nineteenth, Douglas and Stanyan
streets, asking that the board make an
appropriation in the next tax: levy of $35,
wb for the purchase of a school site in the
district described. It is stated that there
arc six hundred children within this dis
trict, and that It Is without a school.
« ♦ ■
Young Ladies Will Entertain.
The young ladles of the Epiphany Chap
ter of the Church of the Advent will give
an entertainment on Wednesday evening,
May 11, in the Guild Hall of the church
on Eleventh street, near Market. A pro
gramme of considerable merit is promised,
and during the several Intermissions in
the performance refreshments .will be
served.
« ♦ •
Condensed war news of the week. Read
The Star. ■ 5 cents. •
"THE CALL'S" RACING CHART.
/CALIFORNIA JOCKEY CLUB — Oakland Track-159th day of the
Winter Meeting, Friday, May 6, 1898. Weather fine. Track
fast.
1014.
FIRST RACE— Five and a half furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and
purse. $300.
upward;
I 974 Mike Rice, 6 107 5
! 995 The Dragon, 6 105 12
977 Midas, 6 105 7
1007 Miss Ruth, 6. 102 1
977 Senator Merrill, a.. 105 2
975 Celoso. 4 97 4
977 Nervoao, 0 102,10
995 Rapldo, 6 102 j 8
893 Glad Eyes, 4 107 3
615 Mahogany, a 102 6
'.<: Gallant, 6 102 9
978 Orandezla, 4 ..102 11
613 Blue Hell, a 100 «
2 1
10 2
6 H
E 1
1 1
3 V,
9 ihi
11
8 2
7 h
12
4%
1 h
6 %
4 M
5 1
2 2
3 1
9 hi
10 1 ...
8 1
7 %
12 • / . ...
11 /
1 h
2 h
Si*
4 1
6 Ms
6 1
7 2
8 1
9 2
10 1
11
12
Narvaez
jTompklns ? ...
Piggott
O'Nell
Thorpe
Woods
Holmes
Frawley
Lew
McDonald ...
W. Miller ....
Clawson
Ruiz
m
20
15
4
40
6
2
U
15
100
10
100
5
20
10
20
4
SO
6
5-2
20
20
100
8
200
I
15
Time, 1:OPH- Winner. E. F. Frederickson's b. g. by J. H. Fenton-Mrs. McAllister.
Fair sturt. Won first thr<>« driving.
1015.
SECOND RACE— Four furlongs; selling; two-year-old maidens; purse,
$300.
1003 R.--y Honker 101 6
I .... Flamaro W6 3
! 1003 Zaccatoso 63 7
945 Martlllo M 1
The Miller 107 5
-7 Bly 102 9
1003 Faversh&tn &3 2
m-,3 Ban Augustine 99 1 4
100! Britomartis 90J10
Santa Flora 95|12
971 J.-nnle Reid 108 3
• Master I^-e 105.11
bud 99[13
2 h
8 %
1 Ms
7 1
6 hi
3 1
10 1
6 1
11 1
9 Mi
4 %
12
13
1 1
4 1
2 Vi
7 1
C 1
3 1
9 Mi
C Mi
12
13
10 1
11 1
8 M;
1 1 Enos
2 h Oouln
3Mi Miller
4 M. | Woods
5 >.. G. Wilson....
6 2 McDonald ...
7 1 Clawßon
8 2 IRuiz
9 1 [Holmes
10 2 jlieatoii
11 ! McNlchols ...
12 ' PlggOtt
13 jFrawley
5
30
12
15
15
20
5
10
I
40
15
I
40
7
SO
20
4
20
20
4
15
6
60
100
3
100
Time, :50. Winner, T. E. Latta'e eh. c. by El Rio Rey-Ogalena.
flr«t three driving.
atart.
Won
1016.
THIRD RACE— Four and a half furlongs; two-year-olds; purse, $350.
(1(H)3) Excurnlon 108 1-
SC4 El Mido 108 4
9",4 St. Krlstlne 100 3
952 Rainier 195 2
1004 Also Ran II J08; 5
961 Hannah Reid 100! 6
954 Whaleback lf« 7
972 Cheated 103J
•••V
1 Mi
3 2
2 3
4 Z
6 Vi
6 2
8
7 %
1 2
2 h
3 h
4 2
I 3
6 %
7 4
8
i Hi
.'!* '
33
43
5 2
6 1
7 10
8
"rpe
W>tt
iwwm
inpklns ...
w
2-5
3
C
16
30
20
GO
2-5
3
7
25
30
100
*
200
McNi
Worn
Nichols ...
kmSs
Her
ipted With Kxcursion.
Time, .ur,. Winner, Burns & Waterhouse's br. c. by Take Notice-Picnic.
Won first thro<» driving.
Good start.
1017.
FOURTH RACE— Seven furlongs; selling; four-year-olds and upward; purse,
Index. Horses. Weight. ISt. «4m. % m .
1013 Imp. Mistral 11, 4.. 103! 2 5 h 7
m Dofore. 4 S7. 7 3 M» 62
(1007) San Mateo, 4 100 5 4 1 2 1
1000 Bernardillo, 4 104-3 6 2 4 1
991 O'Connell. a Ill: 4 12 11
910 Chappie, 4 Ml I 7 6 h
950 Sly, 4 10416 2h 3 H
Time, 1:27%. Winner, Earnshaw Bros. 1 %1
start. Won eauily.
%m.
7
6 h
2 2
3 M.
1 Vs
6 1
4 1
:h. h. by
Str.
3%
4 h ■'
2 h
5 Mi
1 h
6 M
7
y Floren
Fin.
1 2
2 h
3 M.
4 hi
6 n
6 3
7
itine-ii
McDonald ...
McNlchols ...
Woods
PiEffott
Perry
Clawson
Thorpe
15 31
30 30
4 6
6-5 $-5
2 2
12 20
6 8
h. by Florentine-imp. Close tlie Door. Good
~018.
FIFTH KACE— One mile; selling; three-year-olde; purse. $400.
Ml Morelllto lOCl' 3
(968) Oddsop 96 &
lie Han Venado 100 1
(H!i2) Twinkler -'3: 4
1006 lint^JMlsgloner .... 931 2
Ut Mi>relllto 100 3 3h 3Mi 42 43 Ins IGarrigan ....I
Kg) cldson ,96 5 5 4h 2 % lh 2 n [J. Woods ....6-'
->,, Ban Wnado 100! 1 In 11 i>s 2h 32 IClawson
[W2) Twinkler S3! 4 41 21 31 3h 43 IMcNlchoU ...
LOO 6 Imp. Mlsgloner .... Wl » 11 fl 5 5 5 (McCarthy ....
Time, 1:41%. Winner. M. Stomps br. c. by Morello-Mlss Cromwell. Good start,
first three driving.
3 h
5
1 n
4 1
2 1
3 M.
4 h
1 1
2 1
S
4 2
3 1
5
4 3
1 h
2 h
3 h
5
1 ns
2 n
3 2
4 3
5
'ooda ]
son I
6 8
■11 11-10
2 9-5
6 10
10 15
. Won
Ichols ...
irthy
1019.
SIXTH
$300.
B ACE— Five
furlongs; selling; three-year-olda and
upward;
purse,
[1001) St. Callatlne. 3.....
(980) Valenclenne. 3 .......
996 Bellicose 6 i
917 Pelxotto. 5
M 8 Fly, a ..:...:..•••"•■
1001 Saticoy, 3 ]
769 Outlay, 3 .:.... ■•<
1001 De Los Reys, 8.....
67 Chancy T. 5 •-.-)
6
4
I
5
3
7
1
8
9
6 Mi
4 2 '
2 ¥> :■
3 v,
•1 % -
8 1
6 2
9 :
7 4
4 %-•
8 1
2 n
5 1
1 li
C 2 .
7 1
.8 1:
9.
1 2
2 h
3 2%
4 3
5 1-
6 2
?7 1 -"■
8 6 i
9 vti
lawson ......
ttorpe .......
hit-Ids ......]
. Wilson
cDonalU ...
2
7-5
3
7-
uiz
owell
'ainright ...
■>le
Time. 1:0154. Winner, P. G. Lynch » eh. t. by St. Carlo-Calatlne. Fair start. Won
easily.
THE SAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
A GREAT DAY
FOR OUTSIDERS
Horses at All Sorts of
Prices Finished
First.
Imp. Mistral, a 4O to 1 Chance,
Proved the Star Per
former.
— : —
Excursion Was the Only Winning
Favorite — Morellito Downed
Odds On.
I
The slaughter of favorites . at Oakland
track yesterday was something awful.
Excursion, a tight 2 to 5 chance, of all the
choices sent into the starter's hands was
alone returned winner. The noise began
with the victory in the opening event of
Mike Rice, a 20 to 1 shot, which won
driving. Then Rev Hooker, at odds of 8
to 1, finished in front of a big gathering
of two-year-olds. With as good as 40 to
1 against his chances, imp. Mistral an
nexed the fourth race, and in a hair
raising drive Morellito next put it on
Odds On a nose at odds of 10 to 1. In the
wind-up Valencienne was led out by the
second choice, St. Calatiner The winners
were not all neglected by bettors, still the
books profited most by the defeat of the
favorites.
The Morelllito-Odds On finish aroused
more enthusiasm than all of the other
finishes combined. The pair came to
gether in the fifth race of the day over a
mile, with San Venado, Twinkler and
Missioner as the other contenders. Odds
On was peppered as a good thing, going
to the post all to 10 choice. San Venado
was next in demand, while Morellito,
j with a lad named Garrigan in the saddle,
! was as good as 10 to 1. San Venado made
! all the running, with the favorite back in
i the bunch under wraps. When the
stretch was reached all cut loose, and a
furious drive ensued to the wire. Up to
within thirty yards of the finishing post
the favorite looked a winner. At this
junctiure Garrigan got up with Morellito
and gained th« decision by a short nose.
Sandwiched between the pair San Venado
was beaten but half a length.
('.•lusii waa the pick of the crowd for
the opening scramble, but has none of her
old-time Bpeed, and was unplaced. Sen
ator Morrill was first into the stretch,
where he was passed by Mike Rice. In a
hard drive the latter led The Dragon out
a head.
In the four furlong dash for maiden
two-year-olds R»-y Hooker won from the
30 to 1 shot Flamaro, with Enos looking
back at the end. Master Lee. the favor
ite, showed no speed whatever.
The four and a half furlong sprint for
two-year-olds went to the favorite, Ex
cursion. Thorpe made all the running
with the brown colt, and ridden out at
the wire finished over a length in front of
El Mido, the second choice.
The Baldwin stable furnished the fa
vorite for the s<'ven furlong event in Ber
nadlllo, with the customary result. By
dint of hard riding Piggott managed to
land him in fourth place. O'Conn-11 held
the lead to the stretch, whore he "blew
up." Finishing next tne rail. McDonald
got home first, with imp. Mistral, which
downed Dolore, another rank outsider,
two lengths. San Mateo was a good
third.
The speedy Valencienne was backed to
a standstill to win the final live furlong
spin, but was beaten out easily by St.
Calatine, the second choice.
TRACK NOTES.
Tommy Keating and Andy McDowell
leave here on Tuesday next with two se
lect strings of trotters and pacers to take
part in the big meeting to be held at
Denver next month.
Miss Ruth, at odds of 100 to 1, finished
a close fourth in the opening event. She
was well ridden by a little fellow named
O'Nell.
Mahogany received considerable back*
ing to win the race in which he was a
starter. The gelding was either short or
else McDonald, his rider, did riot like him.
By Holly will take a Dig string of six
teen horses to Montana, Fourteen of the
lot will be raced at the Denver meet.
Piggott's ride on Midas in the first race
was a very tame exhibition. He made a
strenuous effort when it was too late.
Don Cameron evidently has a handy
piece of racing material in the Flambeau
two-year-old Flaniii.ro. It was the young
ster's initial start, and he finished like a
good o;ie. The stable backed him "on
the limb." , ■
The books chalked Id to 1 against Mor
relito in the first betting, bu f took very
little coin at that price. Woods managed
to get the Morello colt cut off soon after
the barrier was released, and he was un
placed at the wire, though making a very
good showing.
Garnet Ferguson says his St. George
youngster, Master Lee, is "Hawkins'
horse" in the morning, but that earning
his oats is not his game.
On Thursday imp. Mistral finished third
in a race, with the ring laying 40 to 1
against his chances. Yesterday he won
with something to spare at the end.
The fast Nomad filly Toluca, formerly
owned and trained by "Bill" Murray, is
now the property of Sam Hildreth, and
should be heard from around Chicago the
coming summer.
It looks now as If six funongs was
about as far as O'Connell cared to carry
his largo bundle of speed; at least, his
last two races have indicated as much.
The old fellow was well supported yester
day, but passed it up in the run to the i
wire.
After St. Calatine had won the final
race on the card, entered to be sold for
$500, she was bid up to $1000 by By Holly.
The latter then stopped, and Sam Hil
dreth bid $50 more, at which ligure the
"iill v was knocked down to him. J. Mc-
Sweeny, the rightful owner of the fast
filly, It is said, will protest the whole
proceedings, and if rumor has it right,
the California Jockey Club, if it offers
any protection whatever to California
owners, should thoroughly investigate the
affair. It appears that McSweony was in
debt to P. G. Lynch, the owner of a
boarding-house near the track, and that
the former. In order to rid himself of the
indebtedness, turned the filly over to
Lynch for a spt.viiied time, until the
amount owed was paid. Sam Hildreth
trained the animal. On Tuesday last she
won a selling race and escaped a run up. i
Previous to yesterday's race Hildreth was !
given an Inkling that if the filly won she !
would receive a "boost" as she was en
tered at suph a ridiculously low price.
He did not scratch, and, curiously
enough, now owns the mare.
ENTRIES FOR TO-DAY.
First Race;— One-half mile; two-year-olds.
954 Practice 108 584 Santello .. 118
954 Ann Page IDS 1003 Simi ... 11l
972 Crossmolina ..10S 972 Sir UrTan 108
949 Polka 11l 906 Billy a 111
984 The Fretter ..111 1003 Uhler ... "ill
869 Baby King ....111 6SO Complimentary' 10S
1015 Britomartis ....108 y
. Second — Three-quarters; selling- three
year-olds and upward. '
1014 Rapldo 106 940 Alvero 106
1006 Duke York 11.. 95 977 Cavallo .'.'."107
875 Col. Dan. 95 985 Atticus 104
833 Alvin E 104 1006 El Moro" " ".'.' ." " " ' &5
1009 Pasha 106 976 Formella .'.'.'..'. 90
Third Race— Four and a half furlongs- two
year-olds; selling.
954 Cymona 100 1004 Malay ... 98
1004 Leo Vertner .. 95 1004 OJai ... 99
(lOlO)Banewor 97 1004 La Parasseuse ' 95
(1004) E Come 10G
Fourth Race— mile; four-year-olds and
upward; selling.
996 Robalr 113! 1007 Zarro ..'... 108
540 Polish 110 898 Masoero .. '108
MS Del Paso 11.. 11 l 99? Fort Augustus
998 Hermanlta 106 998 Veloz 104
1011 Claudius 11l 1011 Metaire ... 108
998 Twinkle Twlnk.los 998 Cromwell 111
934 Casper 110 1007 Widow J0ne5. ..102
1011 Wawona 108
Fifth Race— One and a sixteenth miles; free
handicap; three-year-olds and upward.
881 Grady 105 1005 Ostler Joe ...115
(950)Hurly Burly .. 98 (lOOO)May W 108
998 Cromwell 85 (10O5)Judg:e Denny 114
994 Mistleton 851 1006 Elsmore .'.' 96
1005 Satsuma 121 1
Sixth Race — Seven-eighths of a mile; three
year-olds and upward; selling.
996 Bonnie lone . . 91 j 1006 Watomba ... 91
1012 La Goleta .... 97' 996 Rebel Jack .... £4
(1013) Miss Ross ....1061 (960) J0e Levy 93
1012 Recreation 100 1006 P. A. Finnegan 93
SiC Mocorito 91! 9SO Master Mariner M
■
TO-DAY'S SELECTIONS.
First Race — Polka, liritomartls, Crosamollna.
Second Race — Colonel Don. Formella, Al
vln E.
Third Race — OJai. Danewor, Malay.
K"Urth Race — Polish, Hermanita, Casper.
Fifth Race — Hurly Hurly. Grady, May W.
Sixth Race— Recreation. I so. Ooleta, Wfttomba.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+i
+ h
! A YOUNG !
! HERCULES]
¥ With all the strength which nature intended you to have, developed H
If to its fullest expansion by continued systematic training, you could be ■
+ a very strong man. Any man could. Nature gives most of us a good jj
B start. If we take good care of our bodies we can make them powerful.
+ But- r.r . I
I Excess Is Ruin. I
■ ■■•■;,■ '. / E
4. Men live too fast these days. The search for an Imaginary pleasure, H
B trying to squeeze the happiness of a lifetime into a few years, exhausts j
"I" the capital nature gave us, and we are wrecked in. the grandest element g
5 of man's ambition— brain and body weakened. H
T . ■ - . . . . : ■--..- ■ - - i ; g
|Dr. Sanden's Electric Belt!
+ ■*
ma . Dr. Sanden claims that your nerve strength is Electricity, and "his I
-r Electric Belt will resto:e what you have lost. 10,000 men say it has re- H
B stored their strength. Dr. Sanden will send you. a book on this subject i
+ that is worth reading. It is free. Call or address n
+ SANDEN ELECTRIC CO., *_________* *
+ - 632 Market Street, San Francisco. ■".'.. - $5000 ; REWARD 4
■ NOTE— Make no mistake In the number— Will be paid for' one of 1
632 MAKKKT STHEET. ._ . jl
Z Office hours, Ba.m. to 8 p.m.; Sundays. 10 these Belts which fails _>.
■ to 1 Branches at Los - Angeles, Cal., 2(MH to generate a current "of ' 'i
+ South Broadway; Portland, Or., 253 Washing- ■ tm^*,.*,,.-*,. "i
m ton street; Denver. Colo., 931 Sixteenth street; i^ieciriciiy. _
£ Dallas. Tex., 285 Main street. ■ ■¥— .—1;. — 1; ; ; _^ j
B+B+H+B+B+B-fH+H+B+g+Eß-rB+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+H-B+"
FOR HOME INDUSTRY.
Capital and Labor Join Hands to
Protect the Marble Trade.
At the meeting of the Building Trades
Council Thursday the matter of the large
Importations of marble from Europe and
the East which Is playing such havoc
with the local industry- was brought up
by the delegates from the Marble Cut
ters' Union. The committee reported that
it had held several conferences with arci
ftects, and many of them promised to
specify that only marble cut in this State
be used in the construction of any build
ings they are interested in. The council
will use all the means in its power to
keep the marble industry here, as will
also the Manufacturers' and Producers'
Association.
This will affect only the polished
marble used In the Interior of build
lng-s, but there is also a great deal or
polished marble used in other ways, such
as headstones and monuments, overwhicn
these organizations can have little con
trol, and an appeal to the public is the
only means of localizing this branch of
the trade. During the past year shipments
of headstones aggregating thousands of
dollars in value have been received from
European ports, cut, polished and needing
only to be lettered. This work. It is
claimed by the marble men, could be done
just as well In this city and almost as
cheaply, if they could only once get the
run of the trade. As it is many of them
have ;~eir yards full of stones cut when
work was a little slack to keep the men
busy These are at present just so much
useiess material, as people seem to pre
fer to buy goods bearing a foreign stamp,
if for no other reason than that the for
eign stamp is there. Many good workmen
have already left the city and more are
planning to go if they cannot be guar
anteed steady work.
THE IRISH FAIR.
Celtic Union Busy Making Prepara
tions.
The executive committee of the Celtic
Union met Thursday in the permanent
headquarters, room 9, Phelan block, and
accepted d contract with the Mechanics'
Institute for the dates from August 20 to
September 10 for the use of the Pavilion,
thus taking the dates and place of the
regular Mechanics' Fair this year.
The following committee to direct the
Irish Fair was ratified: Jeremiah Deasy,
chairman; C. B. Flanagan. John Mulheni.
J. H. McGlnney. Mrs. H. Mulivhill, M.
Flynn, John Gavey, William Mulvln, M.
J. Hart and Colonel Thomas F. Barry,
president of the Celtic Union, as ex-offlcio
member and also president of the fair.
Louis W. Buckley was engaged as man
ager and the names of fifty prominent
citizens, as an honorary advisory board,
were selected, and they will be invited
to serve thereon. The names of hfty
ladiea as an auxiliary committee were
selected, and they will also be asked to
h.-lp make this Irish Fair a financial and
social success. That it will attract society
is undeniable. Many advance subscrip
tions were pledged and arrangements for
booths were made. The committee will
meet again Monday^
Lectures on Popular Subjects.
A series of four lectures on popular
subjects will be given at the Fourth Con
greg&tional Church, Green street, near
Montgomery avenue, during the coming
month. The first of the series will be
given to-night, when the Rev. "William
Kader Bpe&Kg on "Love, Courtship and
Marriage." The others are May 13. "The
Spirit That Wins." Rev. O. C. Adams,
D. D. ; May 20, "The Constitution of the
United States," Hon. E. D. Sawyer; May
27 "A Man and a Man of War," George
W. Dickie.
Sent to Prison for Life.
Charles Dean, the half-breed Chinese
who shot and killed Wong Yut Sing, a
Chinese woman with whom he had been
living, was sentenced by Judge Wallace
yesterday to life imprisonment at Folsom
Penitentiary. Dean was anxious to bo
hanged, but a lenient jury found him
guilty of murder in the first degree and
iixt-d the penalty at life imprisonment.
The prisoner when arraigned wanted to
plead guilty, but Judge Wallace would
not accept the plea.
ADVERTISEMENT*?.
J^^MH Ifl The Klondike m I
* s as necessar y as a pickaxe. I
8. zfesy^^^ N° miner should be without I
yjß&yS^l^ one. Unaffected by extreme cold or heat.
jfn|i^^^^^^ Send name and address on a postal card
p§p|p|OTSHyj for 148-page illustrated catalogue. It
*ifekj /^t Winchester Repeating Arms Co.,
%sli :^a JkAv/ff 4 1 ® Market Street, San Francisco, Cal. 1 1
Pirate
Journalism!
All the war news of
the week, connect-
edly and in brief, in
James H. Barry, Editor.
DOCTOR SWEANY,
THE ESTABLISHED
AND RELIABLE SPECIALIST.
For the Speedy and Permanent Cure of All
NERVOUS, CHRONIC AND PRIVATE
Diseases, even in their most aggravated forms.
WRITE if you cannot call
' CONSULTATION FIIKK and confidential !
at office or by letter. A valuable book. "Guide
to Health," free.
F. L. SWEANY, M. D.,
737 Market Street, San Francisco, Cal.
@ visit DR. JORDAN'S G«.t
figjL Museum of Anatomy
JpviV ICSI If AEKZT ST. tot. 6th* 7th, S. P. Sal.
£\|*| The Largest of lukind in tb*"W»rlA.
Vlii& \ DR. JORDAN— Private Diseases.
' E.n*®H \ Con.nltattoa free. Write for Book
K\ I of Marriage.
ha MAILED FMEC.
WRITES 5 DIFFERENrCOLORS
t)mmL On Any Typowriter, by
jS&^flK^ Using the WILLARD
ml^Z y Ink-Ograph Typewriter
toois R*mirea. . Attachment.
The most wonderful idea ever con-
ceived for the purpose. Black, Blue,
Green, Purple and Red can be written
without removing Ribbon or Pad. At-
tached instantly. Send for sample, set
price $1. Money refunded if unsatls-
a 'rhe°iNK-OGRAPH CO., 110 Montgom-
ery .St. Agents warned.
WINERIES FOB BENT!
MOUNTAIN VIEW WINERY BUILDINGS,
with Distilling Plant, Boiler, Engines, etc.
Mountain View Is In the heart of Santa Clara
■ County's best VINEYARDS. The best dry
wine in the world is produced here. Will rent
i cheap to responsible parties for a term of
years. H. K. ROGERS, 117 Lenzen avenue.
San Jose, Cal.
tiIIOMMMI
E HAVE YOU Sore Throat. Pimples, Copper- 1
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers ft
I Mouth, Hair-Falling? Write COOK B
Colored Spots, Aches, Old Sores, Ulcers H
in Mouth, Hair-Fallins? Write COOK KKM- ■
EDY CO., 213 MASONIC TEMPLE, CHI- ■
If CAGO. ILL., for proofs of cimsa. Capital 1
B $300,000. Worst cases cured in 15 to Si days, s
1100-page1 100-page Worst cases cured lii 15 to 36 daya. ■
100-p.tg-e boolt free. jq
MMNMMiM II I" ■lIIIIIIIIIIM^B^HB^
...
A. card engraver and designer who lives in Brooklyn, says j
M I work steadily all day in a downtown office in New York.
Often, when I get through at night, I am tired and faint at my
stomach. I suppose my stomach is tired too. Anyway I feel
hungry and I am apt to eat too much supper, and the conse
quence is I frequently used to have a bad stomach all night
and a head on me the next morning. But I have lately found
that if I take a
after my supper, it digests all right. Whenever my stomach
has .extra work to do, the Tabule takes hold and helps like
& hired man."
REFEREE'S SALE IN PARTITION.
In the Superior Court of the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, De-
partment No. 1.
THOMAS F. DUNN. Plaintiff, vs. LAW-
RENCE DUNN et als.. Defendants. Cause
No. £2.117.
Notice is hereby given that under and in pur-
suance of the interlocutory decree in partition
and order of sale heretofore duly made and
given in the above-entitled court and cause,
and thereafter, to-wit, on the 6th day of April,
IS9S, duly entered of record therein, by which;
said interlocutory decree of said court, tha
undersigned, G. H. Umbsen, was appointed by
consent in open court of all the parties to said
action, as sole referee for the purpose of mak-
ing sale of the real property hereinafter de-
scribed, and by which said decree it was
directed that said real property be sold at pub-
lice auction in the manner required by law.
the undersigned, as such referee, will, on Mon-
day the 9th day of May, IS9B, at the hour of
twelve (12) o'clock m., at the real estate office
and salesrooms of G. H. Umbsen & Co., at No.
14 Montgomery street, in the City and County
of San Francisco, State of California, sell at
public auction in separate parcels to the high-
est bidder for cash in United States gold coin,
and subject to confirmation by said Superior
Court, those certain lots, pieces or parcels of
real property situate, lying and being in said
City and County of San Francisco, State of
California, and bounded and described aa fol-
lows, to-wit:
First— Commencing at a point on the north-
erly line of Minna street, three hundred and
ninety-six feet northeasterly from the north-
easterly corner of Third and Minna streets,
thence northeasterly on the line of and front-
ing on Minna street twenty-five (25) feet,
thence at right angles northwesterly eighty (80)
feet, thence at right angles southwesterly
twenty-five (25) feet, thence at right angles
southeasterly eighty (SO) feet to Minna street
and the point of beginning, being a portion of
lot number ten of the One Hundred- Sur-
vey, as laid down on the official map of the
City and County of San Francisco, and being
a subdivision of said one hundred-vara lot.
Second — Commencing at a point formed by
the intersection of the southerly line of Page
street \ with the westerly line of Octavia street,
running thence southerly along said line of
Octavia street forty (40) feet, thence at right
angles westerly eighty-seven and six-twelfths
(87 6-12) feet, thence at right angles northerly
forty (40) feet, thence at right angles easterly
eighty-seven and six-twelfths (87 6-12) feet to
the point of commencement, being a part of
"Western Addition block number two hundred
and twelve (212).
i Third— Commencing at a point on the north-
I westerly line of Minna street, distant thereon
two hundred and seventeen (217) feet south-
westerly from the northwesterly corner of
Second and Minna streets (said point of com-
mencement beine the northeasterly corner of
New Montgomery and Minna streets), running
thence northerly at right angles with Minna
street and along the easterly line of New
I Montgomery street eighty (SO) feet, thence
'• at right angles easterly and parallel with
Minna street fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12)
feet, thence at right angles southerly and
parallel with New Montgomery street eighty
(SO) feet to the northwesterly line of Minna
i street, and thence at right angles westerly
along the northwesterly line of Minna street
' fifty-nine and six-twelfths (59 6-12) feet to the
point of commencement, being a subdivision of
the one hundred-vara lot number eight (8).
Fourth— Commencing at the northwest cor-
ner of Sanchez and Duncan streets, running
thence westerly along the northerly line of,
Duncan street eighty (80) feet, thence north-
| erly and parallel with Sanchez street one hun-
! dred and fourteen feet (114) feet, thence east-
erly parallel with Duncan street eighty (30)
I feet to Sanchez street, thence southerly along
I the westerly line of . Sanchez street one hun-
dred and fourteen (114) feet : to - Duncan
j street, the point of commencement, together
1 with the improvements thereon.
Terms and conditions of sale: Ten (10) per
; cent of the purchase price to be paid to the
referee on each parcel sold at the time of
sale. Balance or purchase price upon con-
firmation of sale and delivery of deed.
Dated this 7th day of April, 1898.
O. H. UMBSEN,
Sole Referee Appointed by Said Superior Court.
DINKELSPEIL & GESFORD,
Attorneys for Plaintiff, No. 805 Claus- Spreckels
Building, San Francisco.
MADE ME A MAN
S<3&. AJAX TABLETS POSITIVELY CURE
hf "*l ALL Aervou* IHaeasea— Failing Mem-
fcaf 3» it] ory, lmpotency, Sleeplessness, etc., cunsed
8, ,Tj by Abase or other Excesses ana India*
>, . nrWi cretions. They quickly and surely/
\ "J restore Lost Vitality in old or young, and
>gSi^^- fit a maa for study, business or marriage.
•ji£**>aHs» Prevent Insanity and Consumption if
taken in time. Their use shows immediate* improve-
ment and effects a CUKE whero all other fail In-
sist upon huvin™ the genuine Ajax Tablets. They
hare cacßd thousands and will cure you. We Rive a pos-
itive written guaranty to effect a cure CA f*T© in
each case or refund the money. Price wv VlOi per
package; or six pkgeis (full treatment! for $2.53. By
mail, la plain wrapper, upon receipt of price, Circular
'"•■AJAX REMEDY CO.. *§££?»?•>
For sale In San Francisco by Lelpnltz & Co..
236 Sutter. No-Percentage Pharmacy. 949" Mkt.
Baja California
DAMIANA BITTERS
Is a powerful aphrodisiac and specific tonic
for the sexual and urinary organs of both
eexes, and a great remedy for diseases of the
kidneys and bladder. A great Restorative,
Invlgorator and Nervine. Sells on its own
Merits: no long-winded testimonials necessary.
NABER, ALFS & BRUNE, Agents,
823 Market Street, S. F.— (Send for Circular.)
Weekly Call, $1.50 DerYear
1112
COMMERCIAL WORLD.
SUMMARY OF THE MABKETS.
Silver lower.
Less excitement In Wheat.
Barley easier.
Oats and Rye unchanged.
Corn lower.
Flour and millstuffs unchanged.
Less weakness in Hay.
Feedstuffs as before.
Beans weakening.
Rice still tends upward.
Lard Oil advanced.
Cordage still higher.
Potatoes unchanged. Onions lower.
Butter and Eggs about the same,
ler.
Poultry unchanged.
Cherries running small.
Dried Fruit q
provisions unchanged.
Wool, Hopß and Hides unchanged,
as before.
•rivals of Coal.
Twentj failures last week.
OUR CANNED FRUI TS 1 N KNGLAND.
. rnian fruits continue to advance, and
apricots, are petting
.. small compass, says the
■:.. 01 April ■:?.. There
en a very active business, and an im
mediate advance in values is probable. Arri
the lasi week have beon readily taken
i there is only one vessel on the way.
With the wholesale dealers taking deliveries
of salmon from the large arrivals ot a week
or two back, purchases from first hands are
restricted There is no change in prices, the
D generally being very steady.
THE WEEKS FAILURES.
The Bradstreet Mercantile Agency reports 20
failures in the Pacific Coast States and Terri
tories for the week ending yesterday, as com
pared with 2?. for the previous week and 21 for
the corresponding week of 1897. The failure*
tor 1 pasl week are divided among the trades
ns follows: Two furniture and carpet com
naniea 1 harness, 1 Baloon, 1 wholesale fancy
1 sawmill, 2 hotels, 1 cigars. 3 groceries
and liquors 2 clothing and tailoring companies,
1 hats. 1 varieties. 1 butcher, 1 general store,
1 fruit drying and canning company, 1 stoves.
KXI'M NATION.
The arrow flies with the wind. The top fig
ures : . : ■ minimum temperature
for the days; those underneath it. if any, the
amount of rainfall or of melted snow in Inches
and hundredths during the last twelve hours,
solid lines, connect points of equal
jiir pressure; Isotherms, or flatted lines, equal
temperature. The word "high" means high
barometric pressure and is usually accompanied
by fair weather; 'low" refers to low pres
sure and is. usually preceded and accompanied
: . her atvl rains. "IiOWB" usually
pear on the Washington coast. When
ressure i.s hiifh in the interior and low
along • and the isobars extend north
the coast, rain is probable:
■n xhf "low" Is inclosed with isobars of
i curvature, rain south of Oregon is im
probable. With a "high" in the vicinity of
and the pressure falling to the Cali
fornia coast, warmer weather may l<fc expected
in summer and colder weather in winter. The
these conditions will produce an
opposite result.
WEATHER REPORT.
(120 th Meridian— Pacific Time).
SAX FRANCISCO, May 6, 6 p m.
Following maximum temperatures are re
ported from stations in California to-day:
Eureka :"'\ Fresno 7\ I>-s Angeles 74, Red
Bluff S(j. Independence 72. San Diego 62. Sac
ramento 76, San Luis Obispo 64, Yuma 94.
Francisco temperature: Maximum, 60;
minimum, 46; mean, S3.
WEATHER CONDITIONS AND GENERAL
FORECASTS.
An area of high pressure overlies the north
ern portion of tne Pacific Coast. The pressure
■ ■ n steadily during the past twenty-four
hours over Washington ami Oregon. It has
fallen rapidly over the Rocky Mountain re
pin:) and eastward.
The temperature has risen in the Sacramento
Valley and over Utah and Eastern Nevada
Elsewhere on the Pacific Slope it has remained
nearly stationary.
No rain has fallen in California. Light show
ers are reported in Washington.
A maximum velocity of 'M miles ' per hour
from the northwest is reported at Eureka.
Fon thirty
hours ending midnight, May 7. 1898, 5 p. m. : '
Northern California — Fair Saturday warmer
in the southern portion; northerly winds In
land, fresh westerly .inds on the coast.
Southern Califom'o— Fair Saturday; warmer
in northern portion; northwesterly winds.
Nevada — Fair Saturday.
Utah -Fair Saturday.
Arizona — Fair Saturday.
San Francisco and vicinity— Fair Saturday
northerly changing to fresh westerly winds " '
Special report from Mount Tamalpais taken
at 6 p. m.: Clear; wind west, 6 miles per hour"
temperature, 59; maximum, 64.
ALEXANDER McADIE,
J^<aj Forecast Official.
EASTERN MARKETS.
NEW YORK STOCK MARKET.
NEW YORK. May 6—There were striking
elements of strength in to-day's stock market
notwithstanding the fact that most of the day's
changes are on the Bide of losses. The bull
sentiment has several severe drawbacks to
contend with, and the selling pressure on the '
market was at times very heavy. Again and
again the buying demand was sufficient to
overcome all obstacles and to absorb all of
ferings, carrying prices upward on a large vol
ume of business. It was not until the final
hour that the market finally succumbed to the
burden of liquidation and yielded practically
all earlier gains and established losses ranging
up to 2 per cent in some of the specialties.
American stocks were heavy in London before
the opening here In sympathy with a general
depression in that market. Although prices
of International stocks had declined to in some
cases nearly a point below last night's New
York closing, there was sufficient demand here
at the opening to overcome the greater part of
London's declines. By establishing a range of
prices here above the London parity arbitrage
selling was made profitable and inviting. The
soiling for London account was the heaviest
for many weeks and was estimated at 50 0&0
shares at least. The dragging tendency of this
selling was easily perceptible in the interna
tional stocks during the morning. But the bal
ance of the list showed a disposition to forge
ahead on its own account. Some of the spe
cialties were conspicuously strong, notably To
bacco. The market showed a tendency late in
the day to rally strongly on a report that the
cable communication had been established with
Manila and Commodore Dewey. The - capture
of the steamer Lafayette under the French flag
assumed growing Importance in the eyes of
traders during the last hour and Induced sell
ing to realize, and the dealing of shorts by
bears which carried prices to the lowest of
the day at the close when the Belling movement
was soil actively in force.
The bond market showed the effect of sell
ing for London account in some of the specu
lative issues, as did the stock market. Other
wise the tone was strong and prices are gen
erally higher. Total sales, $2,450,000.
United States new 4s (registered) and the
Did 4s (coupon) advanced % per cent, and the
new 4b (coupon), the old 4s (registered) and
the 5s *4 per cent In the bid price. There
were sales of the old 4s (registered) at an ad
vance of,l*i per cent over the last sale.
Total sales of slocks to-day were 490.300
shores. Including: 17,391 Atchison preferred.
3450 Baltimore and Ohio, 9700 Chesapeake and
Ohio, 24,227 Burlington, 14.510 Louisville and
Nashville, 17,457 Manhattan. 6390 Metropolitan,
16.695 Reading preferred, 18,650 Missouri --Pa
cific, 7050 New York Central. 6-103 Northern Pa
cific, 18,278 Northern Pacific preferred, 7270
.Readtnst 87,268 Bock, Island, *9» ffjj ,§h, PauL _
4497 Southern preferred. 45.145 Union Pacific
preferred, 8885 Wabash preferred, 43,532 Ameri
can Tobacco, 12.720 Chicago and Great West
ern, 6735 People's Gas, 55,381 Sugar, C 675 Ten
nessee Coal and Iron.
CLOSING STOCKS.
Atchison 11% Do pref 145
Do pref 2S St P M & M.... 132
Baltimore & Ohio IS So Pacific 14%
Canada Pacific ... 81 V. So Railway Shi,
Canada Southern. 49% Do pref 25%
Central Pacific .. ]2% Texas & Pacific.. 10%
Ches & Ohio 20% Union Pacific ... 56 3
Chi & Alton 154 V P D& G 6%
Chi B & Q 97% Wabash » 7%
Chi & E 111 43 Do pref IS]*
CCC &St L.... 29 Wheel & L E.... 1%
Do pref 72 Do pref 9%
Del & Hudson ... 110% Express Companies-
Del L & W 158 Adams Ex 100
Den &R G 10 American Ex 123
Do pref ........ 45% United States .... 39
Erie (new) ..... 32% Wells Fargo 113
Do Ist pref .... 34% Miscellaneous—
Ft Wayne 167 A cot Oil 19%
Gt Nor pref 156 Do pref 73%
Hocking Valley .. 6 Amn Spirits 10%
Illinois Central .. 101% Do pre* 26%
Lake Erie & W.. IS Am Tobacco 110
Do pref 70 I '" pref lla
Lake Shore 186 People's Gas ..... 93%
Louis & Nash.... 57% Cons Gas ls -
Manhattan L .... 101% Com Cable C 0.... 160
Met St Ry 147 Col F & Iron 21
Mich Central .. 104% Do pref 90
Minn & St L.... 27 Gen Electric 30,4
Do Ist pref .... 83 Illinois Steel 50
Mo Pacific 31 Laclede Gas 4c>%
Mobile & 0hi0... 27 Lead 30%
Mo X & T 10% Do pref 104
Do pref 14% Nat Lin Oil 18
Chi Tn<l & L 9 Or Imp Co 30
Do pref 26 Pacific Mail 2i%
N J Central 93% Pullman Palace .. 176
N V Central 114 Silver Cert 56
N V Chi & S L.. 13 Stand R & T.... 5
Do Ist nref 65 Sugar I'" 1 *
Do 2d pref 30 Do pref 11l
Nor West 13% T C & Iron 23%
No Amer Co 5% ' U S Leather 6%
No Pacific 25% 1 Do pref 61
Do pref 65% U S Rubber IS
Ontario & W 14% Do pref 69
Or R & Nay 47 j West Union *<*">
Or Short Line.... 30 C & N W 123%
Pittshurg 166 Do pref 171
Reading 18% St L & S W 4%
Do Ist prof 43% Do pref 9%
Rock Island 98% R G W :. 23
St L& S F 6% Do pref B0
Do Ist pref .... 57% Chi G W 13%
Do 2d pref 26% Haw Com Co 20
St Paul 92% I T P Common .... 21%
Do pref 143% O R & N 46%
St P & Om 73
CLOSING BONDS.
U S new 4s reg.. 122% N Carolina 65.... 120
Do coup 122% Do 4s 102
U S 4s 109 No Pac lsts 114%
Do coup 110 Do 3s 60
Do 2ds 95 DO 4s 94%
V S 5s reg 11l NYC &S L 4s. 103%
Do 5s coup 111 Nor & W6s 117
District 3.(jos 112 Northwatrn cons. 138
Ala class A 1"" ; Do deb 5s 115
Do B 100 O Nay lsts 115
Do C SO O Nay 4s 94
Do Currency ... 90 OS Line 6s tr.... 122
Atchison 4s 89 OS Line 5s tr.... 101%
Do adj 4s 61 O Imp IBts tr.... 108
Can So 2dß 107% Do 5s tr •56
Chi Term is 83 Pacific 6s of 95.. 103%
C & Ohio 5s 112 Reading 4s 82%
C H & D 4%5.... 104% R G W lsts 89%
D & R G Ists.... 104% SI L & I M C 55.. 90%
D & R G -is 90 ' ; St I. & S F G 65.. 116%
East T.-nn lsts.. 106 St P Con 14 '
Erie Gen 4s 70 St PC & P lsts.. 116%
I" \V & D lsts tr.. 71% Do 5s 115%
Gen Elec 5s 102% So Ry 5s 90%
IGH &S A 65.... 106 Stand R& T 65.. 68
Do '■Is 103 Term new set 35.. 85
H .v TC 5s 109 T&P L O lsts.. 100%
Do con 68 110 Do Rg 2dß 33
lowa C Ist? 99 OPD & G lsts.. 53%
' La new cons 45.. 98% Wat Ist 5s 107
LAN Uni 45.... 87% Do 2ds 80%
Missouri 6s 100 W Shore 4s 106%
M X & T 2ds 61% Va Centuries 67%
Do 4s SSV4 Do deferred ... 5
N V Central lsts. 115 TJ P pref 56%
N .1 C 5s 112 -UP 4s 92%
MINING STOCKS.
Chollar 20 f Ontario 3 00
Crown Point OS Ophir 35
Con Cal & Va 55 Plymouth 12
l>eadwood 75 Quicksilver 1 00
Gould & Curry... IS Do pref 200
Hale & Norcross. 23 Sierra Nevada ... 55
Homestake 40 00 Standard 1 55
Iron Silver 41 Union Con 10
Mexican 101 Yellow Jacket ... 03
BOSTON.
BOSTON. May 6.— Atchison, 11%; Bell Tele
phone. 259%; Burlington, 97; Oregon Short
Line, 30%.
LONDON MARKETS.
NEW YORK, May 6.— The Evening- Post's
London financial cablegram says: The stock
markets were quiet and dull to-day. Con
sols were lower on the temporarily dearer
money, due to provisions for the indemnity
payment by China to Japan, and In conse
quence of which the market had to borrow
about £3,000,000 from the Bank of England.
Americans were good and were bought spee
ulatively. They closed steady.
The announcement is made r>f a £5.000,000
Greek loan, guaranteed by England, Franco
an.l Russia. It is a 2\ 2 per cent loan and the
issue price Is 100%. It is quoted at 1 per cent
premium.
I heard a rumor late this evening- that the
l'.rin to the Transvaal Government has been
definitely arranged, subject to certain conces
sions to the mining industry which. It Is be
lieved, will be granted.
The Spanish gold premium is 114 per cent.
CLOSE.
Canadian Pacific, BSH; Grand Trunk. 8%.
Bar silver, quiet 25% der ounce. Money, 3
Cg'i l ~, per cent.
BUENOS ATRES, May 6.— Wheat has ad
vanci i 10 per cent.
NEW YORK GRAIN AND PRODUCE.
NEW YORK. May 6.— Receipts, 23.
504 barrels; exports. 6468 barrels: held higher,
checking demand. Minnesota patents, $6 50®7;
do bakers', $5@5 50; winter patents, $5 Tf.v 25;
winter straits. $5 60<S6 65; winter extras, $4 30@
$4 75; winter low grades, {2 9008. .
WHEAT — Receipts, 175,675 bushels; exports, I
547.176 bushels. Spot No. 2 red, $1 45, f. o. b.
afloat to arrive, nominal. Options opened easy
in answer to disappointing cables and suffered j
more or less all day from bear attacks on the
Idea that the market was overloaded. Specula- ,
tion was quieter than yesterday. Foreign
nouses bought moderately both of futures and
spot wheat. May closed l%c lower and the
other months t fi%c off; No. 2 red May, Jl 40®
$144. closed $1 43%: July. $1 OS%@l 10, closed
$1 09.
HOPS — Steadier. State, common to choice,
1895 crop, 4<&sc; 1896 crop, 7<gSc; 1897 crop, IS®
16c; Pacific Coast, 1595 crop, 4:gsc; 1896 crop,
7@Sc; 1897 croc, 15Q16c.
WOOL—
PETROLEUM— Strong.
METALS — Changes in the metal market have
been unimportant to-day and business largely
of a hand-to-mouth character. At the close
the Metal Exchange called:
PIGIRONr-Warrants unchanged, at $6 65 bid.
$6 ho asked.
LAKE COPPER— Unchanged; $12 10 bid. $12 20
asked.
TlN— Quiet; $14 50 bid; $14 00 asked.
SPELTER— Unchanged, at $4 10 bid, $4 30
LEAD— Rather firmer; $3 72% bid and $3 77%
asked. The firm fixing the settling price for
miners and smelters quotes lead $3 50.
COFFEE— Options closed steady, with prices
uncharged to 5 points higher. Sales 8500 bags.
Including: May. $5 80; July. $5 70; spot Rio,
steady; No. 7 invoice, 6%c; No. 7 Jobbing, 7>40;
mild, Vteady; Cordova, 8%@15%c.
SUGAR— Haw steady; fair refining, 3%c; cen
trifugal 96 test, 4 3-16 c; refined, steady. -
BUTTER— Receipts, 5805 packages; steady;
State dairy. 14r«16%c; State creamery, 14%@1 .c;
Western do. 14%@17c; Elglns, 17c; Factory. 13@
EGGS — Receipts, 15,271 packages; weak;
Western, 10%@llc; Southern, 10@10%c.
DRIED - FRUITS. •
NEW YORK, May 6.7- California dried fruits:
Apples steady and other fruits firm. ■
EVAPORATED APPLES — Common, 6@7c;
prime wire tray, B%@9c; wood dried, prime,
:i), : ..,..; choice. 9%c; fancy, &%@loc.
PRUNES — B@S'/4c.
APRICOTS— Royal. B@BVic; Moorpark, 10@12c.
PEACHES— Unpeeled. s@Bc; peeled, 12@14c
CHICAGO GRAIN MARKETS.
CHICAGO, May Foreign news available
at to-day's opening of the wheat market was
all of a bullish character. Liverpool recorded
| advances of £d for May down to 2d in Septem
i ber option. Paris rose the equivalent of 23»o;
! Antwerp. l%c. Mark Lake reported gains of
! 9c per bushel since Wednesday's market.
! The opening trades In July, regardless of for
! eign advances, were at $I@l 00%, a decline
1 of 1%@2%e. . May started at Jl 46@1 47, a drop
! of 3@4c. These losses were entirely attributa
i ble to pit conditions. Scattering longs wanted
I to realize and found a concession necessary.
But the market soon began -to give symptoms
of recovery. Before the end of an hour's trad-
Ing early sellers were on the run, and July
| had sold up to $1 02. Domestic statistics were
!of no significance except that primary re
ceipts offered little Indication of ' supply | ex
haustion, and encouraged short selling of dis
tant futures. - Hesitancy in this market appar
ently affected the foreigners, and Liverpool
eased oft until at ' the close net gains there
were limited to 2%d in July.
Strong outside markets kept the Chicago pit
traders nervous and fluctuations were violent
over a narrow range. July made a top figure
with $102%, after which it slipped again to
$1 00%. recovered to $1 01%, and was at 12
o'clock quiet for a while around $1 01% and
$1 01%. • September during the same time rose
from 83% to 84c, back to 83% c, up to 85c, and
down again to 84c. May, on light demand, re
acted from $1 40, where it remained listlessly
for the first, two hours, to $1 50. Leiter satis
fied the first demand at $1 60 and the close was
at $1 49% bid. July eased off to $1 00%. rallied
to $1 01, closing at $1 01 sellers. Leiter reported
sales of 275,000 bushels, half of it for export.
Foreigners, he said, had not responded' to . the
advances made last night. Engagements were
made by Lelter at the . seaboard for ■'■ twenty
two steamers, with a carrying capacity of four
million bushels for May and June Bailings.
Corn opened weak and .lc . lower with wheat.
A good demand . developed .' and the ■ market
quickly, recovered, July closing • }$<B>%o net
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
1O Oats ruled firm and featureless, July closing
""pnnisions were dull, easing off after a
steady opening on packers' selling. The trade
was narrow and featureless. July Pork closed
■■ 25c lower. Lard 10c lower and Ribs 2%c lower.
The leading futures ranged as follows:
Articles— " Open. High. Low. Close.
Wheat. No. 2- % M lM 1 49%
"uiy :::::::::::::: i« i«* i~
■ September 84 85 83% W/»
! December .::::: 81% 83% 81 81%
May™' No. 2- 33% 34% 33% 33%
j u ty ... 33% 34% 33% 34
September "I::: 34% 35% 34% 34%
May 1 "' No. 2- 30% 31% 30% 30
jlfil ... 26% 27% 26% 26%
; September" - 23% 24% 23% 23%
Mess Pork, per bbl— gQ
July ::::::::::::::::::!ii"67Hii"» noo 1100
Lard, per 100 lbs— . en
! juiv '.'.'.'.'.'.'.'. 6 87% 590 5 82% 5 82%
i September" 595 600 6 92% 6 92%
Short Ribs, per 100 lbs—
rfav ... .... •••• o*l%
July '.'.'.'.'.".'.'.'.'.'.'.'. ..... 555 5 57% 5 52% 6 52%
September ""I.: 5 62% 665 6 62% 5 62%
Cash quotations were as follows:
Flour in fair demand; steady. No. 2 Spring
wheat, $1 10©l 15; No. 3 Spring Wheat $1 OS
@1 25; No. -' Red, 11 45@1 47; No. 2 Corn, 34% c,
No. 2 Oats. 31% c; No. 2 White, 33%<p31c; No.
3 White. 32%€33%c; No. 2 Rye, 6S%i§69c; No. 2
Barley. 42<5'50c; No. 1 Flax Seed, $1 35% c,
prime Timothy Seed, $'-' 5502 75; Mess Pork,
per bbl.. $10 80010 85; Lard, per 100 lbs., $o *0@
5 82%,; Short Ribs sides (loose). $5 35@5 70; Dry
Salted Shoulders (boxed), $4 76@6; Short Clear
Sides (boxed), $5 90@6 10; Whisky, distillers
finished goods, per gal., $120; Sugars: Cut
Loaf, $5 94; Granulated, $6 31; Standard A,
$5 31.
Articles— Receipts. Shipments^
Flour, bbls 15.000 12.000
Wheat, bu 94.000 Ms 000
Corn, bu 628,000 769.000
Oats, bu JTO.OOO 349.000
Rye. bu 6,000 2.000
Barley, bu 19,000 2.300
On the Produce Exchange to-day the Butter
market was steady; Creameries, 13@16c; Dai
ries, 12@15c; Eggs, steady, fresh, 10c; Cheese,
dull, unchanged.
WHEAT MOVEMENTS.
Receipts. Shipments.
Bushels. Bushels.
Minneapolis 193,040 45.800
Duluth 104.771 152,670
Milwaukee 30.550 "60
Chicago 94.423 257,715
Toledo ..; "2.439 74.000
St. Louis 22,000 4.000
Detroit 6,500 1,995
Kansas City 32.000 32.000
Totals 553,722 568,636
Tidewater—
Boston 22,700 ..:...
New York 175,750 517,176
Philadelphia 5,121 898
Baltimore 86,277 4,000
New Orleans ......
Galveston 550
Totals 270.398 551,074
PARIS FUTURES.
Wheat— May. Sept. Dec.
Opening 65 00 55 25
Closing 65 SO 55 40
Flour-
Opening 30 30 25 30
Closing 30 1.5 25 75
LIVERPOOL WHEAT FUTURES.
May. July. Sept. Dec.
Opening 10 1% 7 11% 71%
Closing 10 6 9 11% 7 10%
EASTERN LIVESTOCK MARKET.
CHICAGO, May 6— CATTLE— In good
demand and prices ruled steady. Sales were
principally at $4@5; beef steers. $3 90@5 25;
stockers and feeders, $3 90@4 85; cows and
heifers, $2 5004 60; calves, $5@6.
HOGS— 2' /2 c higher. Sales were at an
extreme range of $3 90®4 25, the bulk going
at $4 H.". 4 20; pigs, $3 5004 05. .
SHEEP — in sheep was slow, prices
about steady at $3 25f54 25, principally above $4.
Lambs, clipped, $4(5 4 65; wooled, $5 loo's 40.
Receipts— Cattle, 3500; Hogs, 26,000; Sheep,
6000.
OMAHA.
OMAHA, May 6.— CATTLE- Receipts. 6000.
Market, steady; native beef steers, $4@4 S5;
Western steers, $3 {*("Ktf4 50; cows and heifers,
$3 3094 20; stockers and feeders. $3 80@4 DO;
bulls and stags, $2 60<g3 70.
HOGS— Receipts, 7500. Heavy. $3 90®>4; light,
$3 85®3 96; bulk of sales, $3 92ft 3 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, Snnn. Market, steady; fair
to choice natives. $3 60^4 40; do Westerns, $3 60
T7» 80; lambs, $4 2E j
DENY Kit.
DENVER. May 6. -CATTLE— Receipts, 700.
Market, linn. Ueef steers, $3 SO'iit 50; cows, $3
■;;; 90; feeders, freight paid to river, $3 90<<t
4 ■„'.".; stockers do, %¥u\ 50; bulls and stag's, $2 25
#3.
HOGS— Receipts. 400. Market, easy to shade
lower; light packers. *3 85fr3 97; mixed, *3 90®
4; heavy, $3 80©3 95.
SHEEP— Receipts, none. Market unchanged.
KANSAS CITY.
KANSAS CITY. May 6.— CATTLE -Receipts,
official, 3900 natives. 100 Southern. Market less
active, with prices steady for grv>d quality
medium weight steers, while common quality
heavy steers shade lower. Salt-s mainly $4 50a
4 75, common *i>-ers 6elling around $4. with
strictly choice beeves $4 80(&5. Cows and heif
ers, $4 7506 50; Western steers, $4 02V4@4 47J£;
Southern, about steady. $3 75@4 50; stockers
and feeders, active, $4fi4 15.
HOGS— Receipts, official, IS, OOO. Market
opened active but quieted down at the close.
Siiles were mainly $3 6f><&'4; mixed, $3 Ss'ji3 95;
choice heavies, J4®4 10; lights, $3 65'!i3 i<o;
yorkers. $3 90@3 97%; pigs, $3?§3 60.
SHEEr— Receipts. 1650. Market, active,
strong. Sheep sold at $2 75@3 50 for culls, $4®
4 25 for choice; wool lambs, $5@5 40; clipped
lambs, $4 2604 80.
LONDON WOOL SALES.
LONDON, May 6.— The wool sales were con
tinued to-day with a full attendance. Th»
offerings number 12,650 bales. Including much
low class wool, which received little support
and was withdrawn. Good greasy merinos
were taken at about the prices of the last sale.
I Foreigners competed strongly for this wool. A
I good selection of scoured was also strongly
competed for by the foreign representatives
and the home trade.
! The latter secured a fair proportion with har
dening rates. Following are the sales in de
tail:
New South Wales, 4700 bales; scoured, Bd@
Is 5%d; greasy, 5V 4 d(i?nd.
Queensland, 600 bales; scoured, ld@ls sd;
greasy, 7%d@9%d.
Victoria, 2200 bales; scoured, B%d@ls 4»4d;
greasy. sl.4d'fzls5 I .4d'fzls %d.
South Australia, 600 bales; greasy, 6%d@9%d-
West Australia, 100 bales; greasy, 6d@B«d.
Tasmania, 390 bales; greasy, 6%d(f!'ii"d.
New Zealand, 3500 bales; scoured, 6d@lld;
greasy, 4%d<!Tß%d.
Cape of Good Hope and Natal, 800 bales;
scoured, ls(&ls l%d; greasy, 6@7%d.
BOSTON WOOL MARKET.
BOSTON, May The Boston Commercial
Bulletin will say to-morrow of the wool mar
ket:
The easiness of money and the stir In manu
facturing circles occasioned by Government de
mands have had a reviving influence for the
moment on the languid market. An actual
business developed in medium unwashed fleeces,
one-half bloods and better. Under the sem
blance of activity views have assumed an ap
preciable gain In firmness and prices have held
very well.
Tne sales of the week are 745,000 pounds do
mestic and 245,000 pounds foreign, against 410.
000 pounds domestic and 677.000 pounds foreign
last week, and 1,262,600 pounds domestic and
3,032,000 pounds foreign for the same week last
year. '
FOREIGN MARKETS.
LONDON; May 6.—Consols", 111; Silver, 25% d:
French rentes, 102f 92% c.
LIVERPOOL. May Wheat, firm; No. 1
Standard California, 62s 6d; cargoes Walla
Walla Wheat, 51s 6d; cargoes off coast, sellers
indifferent operators; cargoes on passage, sell
ers at advance 2s; English country markets
firm; French country markets, firmer; Liver
pool Wheat, No. 1 California, 10s 6d@los 7d'
Wheat in Paris, firm; Flour In Paris firm'
COTTON— Uplands, 3 9-16 d.
CLOSING.
WHEAT— Spot, No. 1 red Northern oprinr
firm, 10s 7d. ■ ' ' '
CORN— Spot, American mixed, new, steady
4s 2d; May, steady, 4s Id; July, steady, 3s Hid;
September, steady, 3s 9d.
FLOUR— St. Louis fancy winter, firm, 12s 3d.
NORTHERN WHEAT MARKET.
PORTLAND, May 6.— The local wheat mar
ket is unchanged, with nothing doing. Buyers
and sellers are apart in their ideas regarding
values. The persistency with which the for
eign markets refuse to have anything to do
with -distant cargoes prevents much activity
for the present. Walla Walla, 94@95c: valley
! 97@98c; bluestem, 99c.-per bushel. • YUJle^
WASHINGTON. v -
TACOMA. May 6.— Wheat closed : i No. 1 club
98c; No. 1 bluestem, $1 02; market' strong. '
, PORTLAND BUSINESS. '"'.'
PORTLAND, May 6.— Exchange*. v $386 608
balances, SO, 109. .- ■
DUN'S REVIEW OF TRADE.
NEW YORK, May 6.— R. O. Dun & Co.'s
weekly review of trade will say -to-morrow:
• A • state , of war was *bo . greatly dreaded <by
'those who have seen nothing like it for more
than.thirty years that its coming. has hurt less
than its apprehension. Especially, since the
victory at Manila, which indicated the superi
ority of the American navy, gun for gun, ex
pectations that the war will not last long have
influenced all markets, and stocks : have ad
vanced, the average rise . for/ railroads - being
$2 70 per share. The general condition of busi
ness has been materially improved. : One day's
work , by/; the I officers and ■ men at Manila has
given many days' work to thousands of peo
ple of whom" they knew nothing and has placed
all American industries ;• and ■, interests :on>' a
stronger i footing ; for., any conceivable : future.
The I fact that , gold is now - used almost ' ex
clusively : between \ the i treasury i and . the • clear
i lnr-bouse Indicates tbe entire freedom from ap
prehension about the currency or public credit.
The most sensational of all changes and the
most practically important has been the rise in
wheat— l 3 cents during one day's session. 21%
cents from Tuesday to Thursday night and
25 l ,4 cents for the week— throwing into the shade |
all past advances and all expectations, though |
a reaction of IVi cents naturally followed on
Friday.
Western receipts, after averaging less than
2,500,000 bushels per week for four months, have
suddenly risen to more than 3.j00.000 bushels. |
Exports have not been checked by higher prices
as yet, but have caused them, amounting for
the week to 2,094,3*0 bushels I flour included I,
against 1,498,167 bushels from Atlantic ports ;
last year, and 559.848 bushels against 99.508 |
bushels from Pacific ports The remarkable, j
rise on Thursday was largely due to the re
moval of duties by France and to the prohibl- j
tion of exports by Russia, both showing the
extraordinary needs abroad, SO that the rise of ]
25^ cents for the week is not without excuse.
Industries have received a wonderful stimu
lus from the conviction that hostilities will not
last long and from heavy Government orders, i
Besides the great demand for steel plates and
other iron products and ammunition the Gov
eminent has ordered 2 500 000 yards of woolen I
cloths. 125,000 blankets, 8,000.000 yards of cotton
goods and great quantities of provisions and
other supplies, and meanwhile reviving conn
dence has multiplied other demands. It is not
due to domestic conditions that orders of the
Russian Government for two big warships have
been taken by the Cramps and orders for rails ;
from Mexico have given a good start to the f
rebuilt Colorado works. Four large merchant :
ships have been ordered from the Delaware
works, plate mills are crowded and at in™
same time one establishment far in the interior
|s Lidding on foreign orders for 6000 tons,
while car and rail works continue to receive
large orders and demands for agricultural im
plements and fencing goods beyond the aniiip
of the works in some cases. Textile establish
ments have been receiving large orders within
the past few days outside those from th° (tO^
ernment. so that the stoppage or reduction or
time in four woolen mills early In the wee>.
have been premature. . . . „_,,
Wool has declined about half a cent in April,
taking the average of one hundred quotations
by Coats Brothers, and the bette. demand for
goods has caused more inquiry, but thus iar
no improvement in prices. .
Failures for the week have been 238 In tne
fnlted States against 221 lart year, and 25 In
Canada against 36 last year.
MADRID. May 6. -Spanish 4s closed to-day
at 52.20. Gold was quoted fit 114. <o.
BANK CLEARINGS.
NEW YORK. May 6.-The following table,
compiled by Bradstreet. shows the bank clear
ings at the principal cities for the week ended ;
May 5. with the percentage of increase and de- ,
crease, as compared with the corresponding
week last year: %£*■• Percentage. :
Inc. Dec. :
New York.. $640,263,846 1.9 •••• ;
Boston 98,939,441 .... 10-0 ■
Chicago 125.540.c28 31.» — ,
Philadelphia G5.759,503 ».b .... ,
St. Louis 28.831,937 12.2
Pittsburg 15.290.199 13.8
Baltimore ' 18.547.562 18.4 .... '
San Francisco 19.010.417 43.4 ....
Cincinnati 13.105,100 .... 4.0
Kansas City........ 11.1*1,377 ....
New Orleans 5.415.072 0.7 ....
Minneapolis 11.453.267 3.04 ....
Detroit 6,650,946 1.0 .••• !
Cleveland 7.623,027 21.7 ....
Louisville 7.645.929 12.0 .... !
Providence 4.«76,2n0 .... *'•»
Milwaukee 5.060.57S ;••; "-s
St. Paul 3.638,007 11.7
Buffalo 4,428.172 1.3
Omaha 5.890.303 29.9
Indianapolis 6.153.223 41.3
Columbus, 0 " 4,0*1.600 30.4
Savanna* 2.017.6 t8 3.6 .... .
Denver 8.730.691 .... 2.2
Hartford 2,374,646 .... l»-4
Richmond 2.049.346 ... ;
Memphis 1.746.894 .... -•<
Washington 1,951.056 .... 10.6
Peorla 2,128,666 20.5
Rochester 2.031.271 5.8
X.-.v Haven 1.554.884 .... 4.0
Worcester 1.533,036 .... 1-6
Atlanta 1.461.767 3.9 ....
Salt Lake City 1.382.344 .... 9.1
Springfield, Mass.. 1,645.440 9.0
Fort Worth I.SS3."<>2 42.1 ....
Portland. Me 1.738,600 31.2
Portland. Or 2,156,714 15.9
St. Joseph 3.140.775 162.5 ....
Los Angeles 1.71-7.P2S .... ....
Norfolk 964,661 13.9
Syracuse 1.294.918 16.3 ....
Dcs Moines 1,687,366 38.3 ....
Nashville 1,223.356 9.7
Wilmington, Del... 770.136 8.1
Fall River 826,770 3.2
Scranton 968,940 13.6 ....
Grand Rapids 1.121.485 43.6
Augusta, Ga....... t'42.347 ■ .... 21.3
Lowell "-04,780 21.6
Dayton, 0 768,420 28.4 •
Seattle 1,104,500 116.4 .... :
Tacoma 569.242 120.0
Spokane 845.544 88.0 ....
Sioux City 731.737 6.4 ....
New Bedford 680,882 16.0 .... *
Knoxville, Term.... 501.791 94.5 ....
Topeka 538.458 53.4
Birmingham 447.472 7.7 ....
Wichita .......".r... *-.<• 454.424 """ 9.6
Binghamton 418,900 3.7 ....
Lincoln .:... . 377,406
Lexington. Ky 322,530 15.8 *
Jacksonville, Fla.. 118,172 .... 125.4
Kalamazoo 330,880 32.2
Akron 306,400 30.7 ....
Bay City 280.072 ....
Chattanooga 331,805 15.6 ....
Rockford, 111 199,231 19.1 ....
Canton. 0 210,800 ... ....
Springfield, 0 189.633 20.3 ....
Fargo, N. D 221,955 49.3 ....
Sioux Falls, S. D.. 103.527 66.1 ....
Hastings, Neb 127,833 16.5
Fremont, Neb 157,208 67.0
Davenport 8r<6,3558 r <6,355 19
Toledo ...: 2,286,737 11.2
Galveston 4,972,100 : 2.3
Houston 4,*70,967 8.0
Youngstown 286,587 ....
Macon 536,000 ....
Evansvllle . 694,849 .
Helena 555,219 ....
Totals, U. 5.... 728,109 5.0 7777
Totals outside New
York 536,464,263 11.6
DOMINION OF CANADA. .-
Montreal 471,505 25.4
Toronto 8.455.145 17. ....
Winnipeg 1.704 2 '!
Halifax 1,350,167 6.3 '.'.'.'.
Hamilton 764,652 8.6
St. John, N. B 612,097 4.0
Totals $26,358,530 20.8 7777
FINANCIAL REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 6.— Bradstreet'u Financial
Review to-morrow will say: Lat week's ex
treme dullness has given place to an active
speculation, the feature of which was the re
newed purchasing of securities. The mov^- I
ment began on Saturday, when, under pro- i
fessional leadership, the market showed con
siderable strength, and on Monday, when the
news of Commodore Dewey's victory at Manila i
was received, there was an influx of buying
both for long and short accounts. The move
ment was checked on Tuesday, more by the
fact that the next day was a holiday than by
the absence of further information from Ma
nila or by the lack of evidence to substan
tiate the belief that Spain had accepted the
lesson of her defeat • and was willing to end
the war. It may also be noted that profes
sional interests, which bought stocks heavily
during the recent depression either because
they were cheap or to support their own spec»
ialtles, sold considerable amounts, and that
London marketed considerable holdings on !
Tuesday.-
On Wednesday, however, London contributed I
to a renewal of the rise by taking a round '
amount of stocks, while the local shorts cov
ered to such an extent that the borrow!"? de
mand for stocks for delivery was materially
reduced, and commission, houses In most cases
reported a decided accession to outside buying
orders. Increased activity was accompanied i
by a general advance .throughout, the. list, the
only tangible reason, . apart from the growing
belief that Spain is clearly outmatched by our
navy, being the evidence that her internal po
litical and financial troubles render a further
6t Kg i e on ncr P art absolutely hopeless.
The fall of Spanish fours to below 30, the rise
or the gold premium at Madrid, from 60 to 114
and the run on the Bank of Spain and other
institutions were considered a . justification of
this view.
BRADSTREETS REVIEW.
NEW YORK, May 6.— Bradstreet's to-mor
row will say: Evidences accumulat.: that the
corner has finally been turned In the trade
situation, and that circumstances which have
hitherto been regarded as disquieting have be
gun to give way to more cheerful conditions or
are beginning to be recognized in a truer and
more reasonable light. White it Ifl claimed,
and perhaps with Justice in many cases, that
the changes yet noted are largely sentimental,
and little that is tangible is to be cited in the
direction of improvement, it is not to be for
gotten that the dullness and even depression
ruling for some time past was likewise largely
sentimental and it is now beginning to be ad
mitted by many had even less of a basis to
rest upon than the present unmistakable signs
of Improvement. A new sense of national
strength and energy seems unquestionably to
have developed since the news of the American
victory at Manila, and the business community
generally, with a few exceptions, would ap
pear to have come to the conclusion that the
possible effects of the present war have been
already well discounted.
Among thn more favorable features of the
week have been the slightly easier tone in th*
money market and a little more disposition on*
the part of financial institutions to accommo
date legitimate demands of trade. Another has
been the very general feeling of recognition of
the critical position of wheat supplies in the
lowering or the suspension entirely of import
wheat duties, notably in Italy, France and
Spain, and reflected in advances proportionate
to the import duty reduction in those countries.
Prices, both at the seaboard and at the in
terior, have broken all records for many years
past, while the eagerness of foreign buyers
to take hold at the advances furnishes tstl
mony to the fact that the present wheat cor
ner is not due entirely to the fear of inter
ruptions in supplies, nor yet to the successful
projection of a wheat corner, but to a con
siderable extent to foreign recognition of the
fact that the world's wheat stocks to-day are
smaller than they have been lor xuany years
past, and that some time must yet elapse he
fore the admittedly good world's wheat crop
prospects find expression in new supplies.
Of considerable importance In the direction of
actually stimulating business in some lines are
the large orders received for equipment and
supplies of all sorts for military use. notably
in the lines of cotton and woolen goods, shoes,
projectiles and ammunition of various sorts.
It, of course, would be useless to deny that
there are some unfavorable features in view,
notably in the cotton and woolen industry. In
the former print cloths have again struck the
lowest price on record, with a quotation of
1 15-16 C for standard grades, and the woolen
manufacturing Industry is. as a whole re
ported quite depressed. In contrast with these
reports, chiefly coming from the Eastern and
Middle States' cities, aro the sales of a con
siderable quantity of raw wool, said to be
for the manufacture of goods ordered by the
The wheat exports for the week reflect the
temporary check to the demand caused by the
sudden advances in price and now show a fall
ing off. aggregating 2.478.775 bushels, against
4,449,0.0 bushels last week. 1.799. bushels in
this week a year ago, 1.892,000 bushels in IMb.
and 2,805,000 bushels In 1595. *
Corn exports are larger this week than for
more than a year past, aggregating 6.164,000
bushels, against 4,316,000 bushels last week,
3.127.000 bushels in this week a year ago, 1.M1.
000 bushels in 1896, and 934.000 bushels in 18*.
Business failures are slightly smaller this
week, aggregating for the United States 240.
against 245 last week. 228 in this week a year
ago, 267 in 1-. -, and 224 in 1896.
- -♦ ■ t
LOCAL MARKETS.
EXCHANGE AND BULLION.
Sterling Exchange, sight — $4 £1%
Sterling Exchange, 60 days — * g
Sterling Cables — * S 27*
New York Exchange, sight — VA
New York Exchange,, telegraphic. — 10
Fine Silver.'per ounce — »<>
Mexican Dollars —Nominal
WHEAT AND OTHER GRAINS.
WHEAT— Continued unsettled, though there
was a noticeable falling off in the excite
ment, and sales on tho morning calls were
smaller. Shipping grades were lower, but
choice milling was quoted higher and in active
demand. The deficiency was downward at Chi
cago and upward in Europe.
Tidewater quotations are: Shipping. $1 .2^ 2
©1 75; milling. $1 85©1 90 per ctl.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— 9:ls o'clock — December—
2000 ctls. $1 70: 2000/? |1 69%; 4000. $1 69%. ■■'■,-- :
Second session— December— ctls. $1 69;
2000, $1 68%; 2000, $1 68%. onnn
Regular morning December— 2000 ctls,
$1 67; 16,000. $166%; 2000 $1 66V;; 36,000, $166;
16,000 $165%; 2000. $16614; 8000. 68%; 8080.
$1 66%; 34.000, $1 66%: 8000, $1 66%; 10,000. $1 67;
8000, $1 67%. May— 2ooo, 73%; 2000. $1 74%;
2000, $1 75.
Afternoon session— December— 6ooo ctls, $1 66% :
2000, ?1 66%; 12.000, $1 66%; 12,000, $1 66%; 26,000,
$1 66U- May— 2ooo. $1 75.
BARLEY— was quiet and values show
ed little disturbance, though the feeling was
easier.
CALL BOARD SALES.
Informal session— o'clock— No sales.
Second session— December— Booo ctls, $1 30Vss.
Regular morning session— December— 2ooo ctls,
$1 3Ui; 6000, $1 30: 4000, $1 30%.
Afternoon session — December — 4000 ctls,
1 $1 30%; 2000 $1 30"»; 4000, $1 31; 1000, $1 31%: 8000,
! $131%: 2000, $131V 4 ; 2000, $132; 2000, $1 32%;
2000. $1 32%. ■ .
OATS— Previous prices rule with a quiet
market.
Fancy Feed. $1 42%@1 45 per ctl; good to
choice, $1 8691 40; common. $1 30(i?l 32%: Sur
prise. $1 45@1 50; gray. $1 32%@1 37%; milling,
$1 3o«n 42% per ctl.
. CORN— Offerings are much lamer and the
demand Is less active. Small yellow keeps up.
but the other descriptions are lower.
Small round yellow, $1 25 per ctl; large yel
low, $1 07V.; white. $1 07% per ctl.
RYE— sl 37V2®1 40 per ctl.
BUCKWHEAT— SI 7592 per ctl.
FLOUR AND MILLSTUFFS.
FLOUR— Family Extras. $5 70@5 85; Bakers'
Extras, $5 5096 60 per bbl.
MILLSTUFFS— Prices in sacks are as fol
lows, usual discount to the trade: Graham
Flour. $3 per 100 lbs; Rye Flour, $2 75 per 100;
Rice Flour. $6; Cornmeal. $2 50; extra cream
Cornmeal. $3 25: Oatmeal, $4; Oat Groats, $1 25;
Hominy. S3 25@3 50; Buckwheat Flour, $4-54 25;
Cracked Wheat, $3 75; Farina, $4 75; A\ hole
Wheat Flour, $3 25; Rolled Oats (barrels), $5 80
m 20: in Backs. $5 609CJ Pearl Barley. $4 75;
Split Peas. $4 25; Green Peas, $4 50 per 100 lbs.
HAY AND FEEDSTUFFS.
There was less weakness In Hay yesterday,
and in fact, dealers report M rather more
steadiness. Fee<i<=tuffs showed no change.
BRAN— S29 E0921 per ton.
MIDDLINGS— S23 GO92E 50 per ton.
FEEDSTUFFS— RoIIed Barley. $29 per ton;
Oilcake Meal at the n..11. J314T31 50: jobbing,
$32-5 32 50; Cocoanut Cake, $24®25: Cottonseed
Meal, $28@'30 per ton; Cornmeal, $24 50; Crack-
Hay— ('Ex-car In round lots)— Wheat. $21«?
25; Wheat and Oat. $20@24: Oat, $18921; Bar
ley none; comprfssed Wheat. $2217 25 : com
pressed Oat. $18920; Alfalfa. $12 50914 50; Clo
nr, nominal; Timothy. $150*18.
STRAW- 30c@$l 10 per bale.
BEANS AND SEEDS.
Beans are easier and some dealers are quot
ing tower prices. Seeds range as before.
BE\NS— Bayr.s $2 90'<i3: Small Whites, $2 05
(ciZ 15; Large" Whites, $2@2 06; Pinks. $2 «5£
2 ;:■: Reds, $2 75; Blackeye, $3 5003 75. Butters,
$1 65<@1 7."; Llmas, $3 15; Pea, $1 Ssli2; Red Kid
neys. $2 5002 65 per ctl.
.--EEDS— Brown Mustard, $2 25®3 50 per ctl:
Yellow Mustard, $3 15@3 25; Flax. J2 25; Canary-
Seed 2\i@2%c per lb: Alfalfa, 3<S6c; Rape, 2^4®
2*c; Hemp. 22 s 4 T/3c; Timothy, s!§s>4c.
DRIED PEAS— Niles, $1 75@2; Green, $1 90@
2 25 per ctl.
POTATOES, ONIONS AND VEGETABLES.
Ixis Angeles String Beans brought 3fi"6c per
lb. Green Peppers 15c and Tomatoes $1 25@
1 50 per box.
Onions are weaker and quiet. Otherwise
there is nothing new.
POTATOES- Early X. >se. 16056 c; River Reds.
40@50c; River Burbnnks, 40960 c per sack; Ore
gon Burbanks, 50975 c; Petarama Burbanks, 50
@60c per sack; new Potatoes. Iff 2c per lb.
ONlONS— Australian, (393 50; new, $1121 25
per ctl.
VEGETABLES— Receipts were 73S boxes As
paragus. 3:;4 boxes Rhubarb and 643 sacks Peas.
Asparagus, $2 for extra large, $1 50@l 75
per box for No. 1. 60c©$1 2S tor small; Rhu
barb, 40fi60c per box for small to good and 6o@
Ssc for extra choice; Green Peas. 7.V-'<isl per
sack; Garden Peas. 2c per IT.; String Beans,
from Vacaville. 7®9c; Horse Beans, 50976 c
per snek; Summer Squash. S@loc per It>; Dried
Peppers, 6(S7c per H>; Dried Okra. 12'» c; Cab
bage, 65^750 per ctl; Carrots, 30050 c per sack;
Cucumbers, 25c@$l per dozen; Mexican Toma
toes. ?1 2591 7:. per box.
EVAPORATED VEGETABLES—
Potatoes sliced, raw, 12c per lb in lots of 25
lbs; sliced desiccated, 16.fi 18c: granulated raw,
13c; Onions, 60c: Carrots, old, 13c; new, 18c;
Cabbage, 30c; Sweet Potatoes, 30c; Turnips,
25c; String Beans. 30c; Tomatoes, 50c.
POULTRY AND GAME.
The situation remains about the same. Hens
are dull and .weak and young stock is scarce
and -firm. j
" POULTRY— Live Turkeys, ll<f?l2c for Gob
blers ■ and - ll@l2c for liens; Geese, per pair,
Jl@l 25; Goslings. $1 60©l 75; Ducks. $3@4 for
old and • $5@6 for young; Roosters, young,
$7 6008 50; Roosters, old, $3 50<g'4; Fryers, $8@
6 60; Broilers, $4 5005 50 for large. $2 50@4 for
small: Pigeons. $1 50@l 75 per dozen for young
and $1 25 for old.
GAME— Nominal.
BUTTER. CHEESE AND EGGS.
Cheese Is in increasine supply and easy.
Eggs show no further change. |
The wrangle over Butter quotations contin
ues. Our quotations represent the great ma
jority of sales. Some are selling above and
some below. There is no scarcity of stock.
BUTTER—
Creamery— .creameries, 19c; seconds,
ISV>C * ■ ■ ' ■
Dairy— Choice to fancy, 17Ms@18c; common
grades, 15@18Vic per lb.
Eastern Butter— lmitation creamery, 16®
16Vj.c- ladle-packed, 15@16c per lb; Eastern
Elgin tub, 16@18c. • _
CHEESE— Choice mild new. 9@9Hc; common
to good 7%@8%c; Cream Cheddar, 10® lie;
Young America. 10@llc ;- Western, ll@12c; East
ern, 12Vi«S13^ic per lb.
EGGS— Ranch Eggs, 12@13c per dozen; store
Eggs, ll@ll%c; Duck Eggs, 16c.
DECIDUOUS AND CITRUS FRUITS.
Cherries are thus far small and poor, prob
ably owing to the dry condition of the ground,
and It is .feared .that other fruits will show
the same defect as the season progresses. If
this proves the case it will materially j cut
down the weight of the crop this year.
- All berries are weak and <in ample supply.
Oranges and Lemons are unchanged.
DECIDUOUS FRUITS— - -.■>
Receipts were 805 chests. of Strawberries and
354 boxes of Cherries. _ ■ "
Strawberries, $2 50@3 50 per chest for large
and $3<g4 for small berries in baskets, and
$5®6 for loose. ' ' '■ - - V-i-
Small white Cherries. 25<g'o0c per box; red,
60@75c; black, 75c@$l 25. ;_; _- r -.;> :■■
Gooseberries, 30@40c per drawer.
Blackberries, 12'.~c per basket.
Apples 40<5?50c per box for common, 7oc@sl
for Rood' to choice and $1 25@1 50 for fancy. -
CITRUS FRUITS— NaveI Oranges, $1 50@2 25;
Seedlings 4i'cfTsl; Lemons, 50c@$l for common
and $1 25®2 25 for good to .;• choice; Mexican
limes W~60©4 50; California Limes, iin - small
boxes' ' 50@60c: Bananas. Jl 25@2 per bunch ;
Pineapples, ?3-f 4 per dozen. .
DRIED FRUITS, NUTS, KAISINS. ETC.
" The small size of the Cherries Is beginning
to create the fear that Prunes will run small
this year. It is probably owing to the dry
' ness of the ground. Irrigated orchards will
probably yield good-sized fruit as usual. ;
The market is quiet at previous prices. '
DRIED •■ FRUITS— Prunes, ? carload lots,- 4%©
6c for 40-50' s, 4%@4Hc for 50-60' s. 3%®4c.-for
60-70' 3%@3^c for 70-80's, 2%@3c for 80-90' 5.2%
@2%c for ■■ SO-100's; i Peaches. 3@sc; fancy, 6V4@
I 6c; peeled. ! 10G12}ic; Apricots, : 6®6%0 for Roy
als and 7'<?Bc for good to fancy Moorpaxks;
Evaporated Apples, eVi'S'c; sun-dried, 4@sc;
Black Figs, in sacks. 2<9S%c; Plums. 4'4@4%c
for pitted and lHCttfrc 'or unpitteri- bleached
Plums. fi'So'-ic; Nectarines, 4Q60 for prime to
fancy; Pears. 21-'ff4ViC for quarters and 3@s^c
for halves, according to color, etc.
RAISINS— I" : fi2c for two-crown, 3c for three
crown. 3^4c for f mr-crown, 4Vsc for Seedless
Sultanas, 2%c for Seedless Muscatels and $1®
1 10 for London layers; dried Grapes, 2%c.
NUTS— Chestnuts are quotable at 8c per lb;
Walnuts, Z'hlc for hardshell and 4(3 »>c for soft
shell: Almonds, 3f!4c for hardshell, Bfi^c for
softshell, ITILOIu for paper-shell; Peanuts, 4^
5%c for Eastern and 4MtC for California; Pe
cans. 6)£08c; Filberts, s^tfTlOc; Brazil Nuts,
809 c per lb- < OCOajBOtS $4 EOOS per 100.
HONEY— Comb, itifilOc for bright and 6'<i7c
for lower grades: water-white extracted. 5%@
6c: light amber, extracted. 4%@sVic per lb.
BEESWAX— 24© 26c per lib.
PROVISIONS.
Lard is firm at the advance. Hams are In
good supply, but steady. Bacon Is about the
same as for some time.
CURED MEATS— Bacon. 9c per lb for
heavy 9^c for light medium, 10',ic for light,
lie for extra light and 12c for sugar cured;
Eastern sugar cured Hams, lOH'S'llc; Califor
nia Hams, 8H©10c; Mess Beef, $10 50 per bbl;
extra Mess Beef. $11: Family Beef. $12: s>alt
Pork $fl; extra prime Pork, $10; extra clear.
$17"?7 17 50; mess, $ir>: Smoked Beef, 12c per lb.
LARD— Eastern tierces quoted at 6<- i>er tb
for compound and 7^c for pure; pails. B%c;
California tierces. 5' 2 c per lb for compound
and 7c for pure; half barrels, 7Uc; 10-Ib tins.
Sr; ."-lb tin«. g%c.
COTTOLENE— Tierces. 8%'36%c; packages,
less than 300 lbs— 1-lb palls, 60 in a case, S%c;
3-lb pails, 20 in a case, B%c; 5-lb pails, 12 in a
case. SUe; 10-!b palls, 6 In a case, B>£c; 50-lb
tins, 1 or 2 In a case, 7%c; wooden buckets. 20
lbs net, 7%c; fancy tubs, 80 lbs net, 7%c; half
barrels, about 110 lbs, 7%c per lb.
HIDES, TALLOW, WOOL AND HOPS.
There Is nothing new to report In this mar
ket, trade being- quiet all around.
HIDES AND SKINS— and brands sell
about lc under the quotations. Heavy salted
steers, 10c; medium, S%@9c; light. B%c: Cow
hides. B«4@9c; Stags. 6c; salted Kip. 9c; Calf,
10c; dry Hides, 15@16c; culls and brands, 12®
l?c; dry Kip and Veal,. 16@16%c; dry ■ Calf.
18@19c; culls, 16@17c; Goatskins, 30@37%c each;
Kids, o@10c; Deerskins, good summer, 25@30c
per lb: medium, 20c; winter, 10c; Sheepskins,
shearlings, 20-5250 each; short wool, 40iS60c
each; medium, 60@S0c; long wool, 90c@$l 20
each. ■ *
TALLOW— No. 1 rendered, 3@3%c per lb;
No. 2. 2<S>2>4c: refined. sc; Grease, 2c.
WOOL— clip— San Joaquin, defective. 7@
9c; Southern Mountain, 9@llc; free Northern.
12@13c; Northern, defective. italic per lb.
HOPS— crop, 10@14c per lb.
SAN FRANCISCO MEAT MARKET.
There Is no further decline In anything. The
market Is amply supplied with all descrip
tions.
Wholesale rates for dressed stock from
slaughterers are as follows: •
BEEF— quality, 6Vtc; second quality.
s%<S6c; third quality, 4@sc per lb.
VEAL— Large, 4@sc; small,' 5(S6c per lb.
MUTTON— Wethers. B@B%c; Ewes, 8c per lb.
LAMB— Spring, S@SV4c per lb.
PORK— Hogs, 3%c for large and 4c for
medium; stock Hogs, 2@2^c; dressed Hogs.
5%56%c.
GENERAL MERCHANDISE.
BAGS— Calcutta Grain Bags, nominal: Wool
Bags, nominal; San Quentin, $5 30.
COAL— Wellington, $8 per ton; New Welling
ton, $8; Southfield Wellington. $7 50; Seattle.
$6; Bryant, $6: Coos Bay, $5; Wallsend, $7 50;
Cumberland, $10 25 in bulk and $11 50 in sacks; i
Pennsylvania Anthr~-ite Egg, $14; Cannel, $10
per ton; Rock Springs, Castle Gate and Pleas
ant Valley, $9; Coke, $12 per ton in bulk and
$14 in sacks.
Harrison's circular says: "During the week
there have been two Coal deliveries from
Washington with 5700 tons; two from Oregon.
1060 tons: one from British Columbia, 5409
tons; two from Australia, 3638 tons; total,
15.867 tons. The arrivals of this week are
light, less than half the quantity delivered
here last week ; there are a large number of
vessels overdue, which are Coal laden still we
are not in want of coal at present, there being
ample here in yard for all immediate demands,
and our largest consumers are all supplied for
the moment. The only fear is for the future,
say six months hence, unless the coast col
lieries will increase their output and become
more generous shippers here, as our foreign
sources of coal supplies will become scant,
and will form a very small quota of our ac
tual consumption. In the meantime prices are
advancing so as to keep in line with Coal
freights this way. which are climbing very
| fast. This of course was assured as our
Grain shipments this year will be compara
tively nil. hence foreign vessels must be paid
generously to transport coal, with no business
in view for them after arrival here.
"We are promised shipments of •Corrimal' j
Coke from Australia in the near future, the
samples of same are at hand, and Its appear
ance and -analysis . would indicate - its .availa
bility for all smelting purposes. Rumors are
broadcast about large purchases of coal, mak
ing, and to be made for the Government; they
have yet to be verified."
LARD OIL— higher again at 55c per gal
lon for No. 1 and 65c for extra winter strained,
in barrels. Cases, hr higher.
CORDAGE— Has advanced again, at B%c for
Manila and 7%c for Sisal, basis.
RICE — The market is still tending upward.
Chinese mixed, $4 6004 «5 per ctl: No. 1. $5@
5 05: extra No. 1. $5 2095 60; Hawaiian. $6:
Japan. $5 75@6; Rangoon, $1 75; Louisiana,
$5 25® 6 25.
SUGAR— The Western Sugar Refinery Com
pany quotes, terms net cash: Cube, Crushed
and Fine Crushed, 7c; Powdered, 6%c; Dry
Granulated, STisc: Confectioners' A, s"£c; Mag
: nolia A, s*£c; Extra C, 5%c; Golden C, s&c;
Candy Granulated 6c; California A, 5%c per
lb; half barrels Me ir.ore than barrels, and
boxes %c more.
RECEIPTS OF PRODUCE.
For Friday. May 6.
Flour, qr sks ... 19,150 Shorts, sks 550
Wheat, ctls 91.806 Hay, tons 413
Barley, ctls 2.030 Straw, tons 5
Corn, ctls 13 Wool, bales 216
Cheese, ctls 57 Pelts, bdls 635
Butter, ctls 312 Hides, no 398
Tallow, ctls 253 Lime, bbls 81
Beans, sks 3,321 Eggs, doz 16.560
Potatoes, sks ... 1,336 Leather, rolls ... 152
Onions, sks 535 Lumber, ft 10.000
Bran, sks 372 i Wine, gals 54.700
Middlings, sks .. (Raisins, bxs — 1,791
OREGON.
Flour, qr sks ... 800 1 Bran, sks 727
Wheat, ctls 1,420 Shorts, sks 500
Barley, ctls 1.17". I Hay, tons ....... 70
Oats, ctls 1.425 i
EASTERN.
Corn, ctls 4,0001
UTAH.
Hay, cars ...••••■ *.*••••• ••••••••■•••••«■••••
. NEVADA.
Hay, cars 1!
i . ■ \
FAMILY RETAIL MARKET.
Dairy products sell at last week's prices.
Summer Fruits and Vegetables are slowly
fretting more plentiful and prices are declin
ing in consequence.
Poultry is in good supply at the usual prices.
Mutton and Lamb are cheaper.
Following is The Call's regular weekly retail
price list:
Coal, per ton—
Cannel % ©12 001 Castle Gate. 11 00®
Wellington . @10 001 Pleasant VI. 11 00®
New Welling- I Southfleld
ton ® 10 001 Wellington @9 50
Seattle 8 00@ 1 Coos 8ay.... @ 7 50
Dairy Produce, etc.— >
Butter, fancy per Common Eggs..l2H®ls
square 40® — Ranch Eggs, per
Do, per roll 3515237 doz IS 1 ??—
Do, good 30@— Honey Comb, per
Cheese, Cal 10®12 lb 13015
Cheese, Eastern.. ls62o Do, extracted... SOU
Cheese, Swiss ....20@30
Meats, per pound-
Bacon ....12®17 Pork, fresh ..12®15
Beef, /hoice ......12@15 Pork, salt lO@l2
. Do. good " S^eiO Pork Chops ......12@15
Corned Beef S@lo Round Steak . 10©—
Ham, Cal 12V£®15 Sirloin Steak . l"^®—
Do, Eastern ....— «ls Porterhouse, do ..WO
Lard — 12<g15 Smoked Beef —.;!:.
Mutton — @10 Pork Sausages .. ©20
Spring Lamb 12(5— Veal ...12J?15
Poultry and Game— .
Hens, each ... 50® 60 Turkeys, pr Ib 16® 17
Young Roost- Ducks, each . 50® 75
ers, each ... 65® 85 Geese, each ..1 25(&2 00
Old Roosters. Pigeons, pair. 25® 50
each 50@ — Rabbits, pair. rn> 40
Fryers, each . . . 50® 60 Hare, each ... @20
Broilers, each. 40® 50
Fruits and Nuts-
Almonds, lb 12015 Limes, doz ...... 10@15
Apples, lb .. 5@ S Oranges, doz ....15®40
Bananas, doz ....15(320 Raisins, lb 5010
Cherries, per.rt>...lo®2o Strawberries, pr
Gooseberries, lb.. S@lo drawer KO4O
Lemons, doz . — 20®25 Walnuts, lb .....1..;
t , Vegetables—
Asparagus, lb .... i® 8 Dried Okra, 1b....— ®20
Artichokes,", doz... 15<530 Onions, lb ........ 4® 5
Beets, doz ......12®15 Peppers, green.... 2:>r.j 35
Beans, white, lb.. 4@-5 Potatoes, lb ...;.. 2® I
Colored, lb .... 4<o) 6 Do Sweet —'a 3
Lima, lb ........ s«f 6 Parsnips, doz 15530
Cabbage,, each .. s®lo Rhubarb, lb 4® 5
Cauliflowers, each s@lo Radishes, dz bchs.lO#l2
Celery, bunch .... »<§,— Sage, lb 25®35
Cress, doz bchs..2o®2s String Beans. 1b..10®15
Cucumbers, ,dz.soc@l 25 Thyme, lb ...20®30
Green Peas, 1b.... 3® 5 Turnips, doz 15020
Lentils, lb 6«i) 8 Tomatoes, lb ....10®15
Lettuce, doz ....15® 25
. Fish, per pound ■"'■.'_
Barracuda ........ S@lo Shrimps B@lo
Carp 5® 8 Shad 6® 8
Codfish SfulO Sea Bass ........— @lo
Flounders ........ 6® 8 Smelts ........... ,10@12 1
Herring ....'. — (fi 1 — Soles B@lo '
Halibut ......10@12 Skates, each .... s@lo :
Kingrish — ®10 Tomcod ....10®—
Mackerel ...12®— Clams, . gal ■......— @so
Do. Horse ......— ®— Do, hardshell, 100.40®50
Perch/ .......... . . . 10(ft>-^- Crabs, each ;......10@15
Pompano .......1 U>@— Do softshell, dz;.25®3!,
•Rockflsh . ;...:. 15®— Mussels, qt :.:.V.10@12
Salmon, smoked.. 2o<ff— Oysters, ■ Cal, 100.. -wiy:—
Salmon, fresh .... S@in Do. Eastern, d0z.25@40
■ ♦ ■
\ : The safe deposit vaults of * some of the
up-to-date \ trust companies have com- j
£. - 1
partments especially designed for ■the re
ception of fur garments, fur mats, etc.
They are kept in rooms the temperature
of which is maintained at so low a point
that destructive insects and their germs
perish from the cold.
THE CALL, CALENDAR.'
May,
>
10
17
We
4
11
IS
25
Th. BY.
5 6
12 13
19 2U
~aT 2!
jsa.
7
14 I
21
28
1 /</ < 7 -Xair~Quarter
& May 12-
,*•«. New Moon,
tj? May 20.
First Quarter.
9 May 23.
©Full Moon.
May 5. _
Moon's Phase*
IS
16
23
24
31
NOTICE TO MARINERS.
A branch of the United States Hydrograph lo
Office, located in the Merchants' Exchange. la
maintained in San Francisco for the benefit oj
mariners without regard to nationality ana
free of expense. cordially invited to visit the,
Navigators are cordially invited to visit the
office, where complete sets of charts and sail
ing directions of the world are kept on hand
for comparison and reference, and the latest
information can always be obtained regarding
lights, dangers to navigation and all matters
of interest to ocean commerce.
The timeball on top of the building on Tele
graph Hill is hoisted about ten minutes before
noon, and is dropped at noon. 120 th meridian,
by telegraphic signal received each day from
the United States Naval Observatory at Mara
Island. Cal. , . „ ___
A notice stating whether the time ball was
dropped on time or giving the error. If any. la
published the same day by the afternoon .pa
pers and by the morning papers the following
day J. T. McMillan.
Assistant in Charge.
SUN, MOON AND TIDE.
United States Coast and Geodetic Burvey.
Times and Heights of High and Low
Waters at Fort Point, Entrance to Saa
Francisco Bay. Published by official au
thority of the Superintendent.
NOTE.— The high and low waters occur at
the city front (Mission-street wharf) about
twenty-five minutes later than at Fort Point;
the height of tide Is the same at both places.
MAY-189S.
Saturday, May T. ■
rises •• § : <*{
Sun sets 7:Utt
Moon rises t>:ls p. m.
I!™? Feet £212
L W. H Wl
x, w!
TUne l p ea;
H Wl
7 6:03
8 6:52
H W
9 0:29
10 I 1:23
11 2:31
12 3:51
13 s:l^
L W
14 0:51
U.a 1:22 4.4
-1.1 2:22 4.4
L W
5.9 7:52 —1.0
5.5 B:4H —0.:
5.1 9:49 —0.4
4.8 10:49 0.1
'1.5 11:50 0.5
H W
i 2.3 6:40 4.4
I U:U i
8.2
L W
7:33
8:48
10:12
11:38
H \V
3:23
4:25
5:21
6:10
6:50
L. W
11147
4.4
4
4.
6.1
6.
H
h'w
I 7:82
NOTE.— In the above exposition of the tides
the early morning tides are given in the left
hand column and the successive tides of the
day in the order of occurrence as to time. The
second time column gives the second tide of
the day. the third time column the third tide,
and the last or right hand column gives tha
last tide of the day, except wh»»n there are but
three tides, as sometimes occurs. The heights
given are additions to the soundings on tha
United States Coast Survey charts, except
when a minus sign (— ) precedes the height,
and then the number given is subtracted from
the depth given t>y the charts. The plane at
reference Is the mean of the lower low waters.
STEAMERS TO AKRIVB.
weiungion
C0mm0ia. ......
Homer
City Puebia. . .
City of Pekine. I
City of Topeka [
Willamette... \
Empire. ..... — j
Samoa I
San Jose I
City of Sydney . I
Santa Roaa I
T> ~ An ~ . I
Prosrreso i
Nortn Ports. —
State of Cal
Curacao
Departure Bay
Portland
Humboldt
Victoria & Pnret Sound . .
I China and Japan
Seattle ..... j
I Seattle ;
Coos Bay-
I Humboldt
I Panama ...» ....
Panama
San l)le«ro.. ~
Seattle
tiumooiat ...
Portland
Mexico
Nanaimo
Seattle.
Eel River
Newport
Tacoma
Pug-st Sound
Victoria & Puiret Sound . .
Coos Bay
Crescent City -
HumooWt
Portland
San Diego
Seattle
May 9
May »
May 10
May ID
May 10
May 11)
May 10
May .0
May 11
May 11
May 13
May 12
May 12
May 12
May 12
May H
May 13
May 14
Burma I
I.akmo i
Chilkat i
Coos Bay I
Mackinaw
Senator
Walla Wa11a....
Arcata
Crescent City..
Orizaba
Oresron
Pomona
Aliceßlanchard I
STEAMEII9 TO SAIL.
6TBAMER. [ DKgTIXATIOXl
Sails.
ircata I
'alencla...
■omona j
irizaba.. .
olumbia. . |
icapuleo.. i
lomep :
raolic I
lty Puebla I
anta Bosa
hukat —
tate of Cat
[ortn Fora I
oos Bav.. '
I Coos Bay May 7,13 m Pier U
Alaska. May 7,12 ji Center
San Dieuo.... May 7.11AM Pter II
Humbolat, .... May 8.10 am Pier S
Portlana May 9.10 am Pier 12
Panama. May 9.12 m PM S3
'Newport Mav y. y am j Pier U
iChina&JapanMay 10. 1 pm|PM SS
I Vic & Pft Sna i May 11. 10 AM Pier »
SaaDieeo .... May 11. 11 am Pier 11
Humboldt.... May 11. 2 PM Pier 18
Portland May \2. 1U am Pier U
'Humboldt ... May 13. 9am Pier i
Newport May 13. 9 am Pier 11
Mexico May li
IPortlana May 15.10 am Pier 12
uraeao ...
irepon
THE TIME BALL.
Branch Hydrographic Office, U. S. N. Mer
chants' Exchange, San Francisco, May
6, 18S8. '. '
The time ball on Telegraph Hill was dropped
exactly at noon to-day— i. c., at noon of the
120 th meridian, or exactly 8 p. m., Greenwich
time. J. T. MCMILLAN.
Assistant in Charge
SHIPPI>Ci INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
Friday, May 6.
Stmr Orizaba, Parsons, 19 hours from Eu-
Stmr George Loom is. Bridgett, 32 hours from
Ventura. Up river direct.
Bark Sonoma, Landgreen, 111 days from New-,
castle, NSW.
Schr Ottillle Fjord, Segethorst, 21 days from
Kahului. I
Schr Mary Dodge, Hansen, 22V4 days from
Kahului.
Schr John G North, Christiansen, 27 days
from Honlpu, via Kahului 20 days.
CLEARED.
Friday, May 6.
Stmr Pomona, Debney, San Diego; GoodalL.
Perkins & Co.
Br stmr Venus. McGregor, Hongkong and
Yokohama: O & & S S Co. .
Br ship Cambuskenneth, Klndell, Cape Townl
Balfour, Guthrie & Co.
Bktn Mary Winkelman, Bennecke, - Port
Townsend; E T Kruse.
SAILED.
Friday, May 6.
Stmr Umatilla, Cousins, Victoria and Port
Townsend. _
Stmr Coquille River. Johnson. Fort Bragg.
Nor stmr Titania, Egenes. Nanalmo.
Stmr Gisy. Leland, Santa Cruz..
Stmr Oregon. Stephens. Astoria.
Schr Nettie Low, Low, Point Reyes.
Schr Emma Cla-uina. Nilsen. Eureka. __
' S.hr Enterprise, Ingwerdsen, vViiiapa Hal*
b( Schr Falcon, Ltndholm. St. Michael.
Schr Emma Ut'er, Allen. iljapa Harbor.
Schr Ida McKay. Johnson, Grays Harbor.
TELEGRAPHIC.
POINT LOBOS, May 6, 10 p. Weather^
hazy; wind. NW; velocity, 20 miles.
CHARTERS.
The Annie Johnson loads mdse for Hllo; S <3k
Wilder and Mohican, mdse for Honolulu -
! The Crompton loads wheat at Portland for
Europe 355; John Smith, lumber at Chemalnua
for Taku, 655; Robert Sudden, same voyaga
and rate. SPOK
Anril 11— Lat 10 N. long 27 "W. Br ship Clan
M^hVrsnn from Antwerp, for Puget Sound.
M^hTl-I^t 26 N. long 41 W. Br ship Fall,
of Foyer« from Barry, for Valparaiso.
PeV schr Ma%odge^April 20 in lat 30 N. lon*
15g 54 \v bark Sonoma, from Newcastle, NSWC
f °I r frfi n 3fea C tTl2 N. long 26 W. bark Cory-
P h A cne. hence A o Pri S/c OrAHtak.
NEWPORT— SaiIed May Strar Westport,
ft> TATOOs r H-Pa C ssed May 6-Ship Manydown
from Tacoma for _Queenstown: Fir stmr Warrll
m A°ST f OR7A^7^ l lla;- r 6l| n^hip B.n Vor-
U^r, f ,°e r d^a ce y nt rßr ?£&&?&»
| kong: schr T\>bf.v.t. hence April 23. .
1 FORT ROSS— Sailed May 6— Schr Nettl»
Sundborg, for San Francisco.
FORT BRAGG— Arrived May Stmr Hu»
neme, from Newport. »,«-
SEATTLE— Arrived May 6— Brig Geneva, hna
EUREKA— Arrived May 6— Schr Oceania
Vance, from Sydney.
FOREIGN PORTS.
ANTWERP— Arrived May 3— Br brk KilmenJ!
hence Dec 8.
FLUSHING— Arrived May 4— Br ship Argo,
from Antwerp, for Oregon.
FALMOUTH— SaiIed May s— Ger ship Melpo
mene, for Havre: Fr bark Cambronne, for Dun
kirk: Br ship Ellisland. for Havre: Fr barU
I Jeanne d'Arc, for St. Nazalre.
QUEENSTOWN— May Ger baric
Bertha, for Antwer™" Ital bark Emilia Clampa
for Gibraltar.
YOKOHAMA— Arrived May s— Br stmr Olyra
pia, from Tacoma.
TATOOSH— Passed May Stmr Washtena^
hence May 3, ' for Tacoma: stmr Willamette^
I from Seattle, for ; San Francisco.
- EUREKA— Arrived May 6— Schr Alice, from
San Pedro. . ;
P.OWENS LANDING- May Schr
Corinthian, for San Francisco.
' ALBlON— Arrived May 6— Stmr Cleone. from
Port • Los Angeles. - ' ■ - ■
SYDNEY— SaiIed May 4— Bark G F Manaoo.
for San Francisco. ■.-.;.•'
. 111 1 «>if turn 1 Til > • ' .^ - > : j&^jV^^ALAMEDA COUNTY NEWS.
A LONG WALK
FOR A WAGER
Assemblyman Brierling
Is Sure His Money
Is Safe.
His Butcher Boy Will Tramp
Fifty Miles After His
Day's Work.
The Route Is From San Jose Court
house to Oakland's City
Hall.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
90S Broadway, May 6.
If Richard Gorman of West Oakland
ran walk from San Jose to Oakland in
twenty-four hours Assemblyman Oscar
Brierling will lose $50.
Gorman is employed by the Assembly
man, who is a butcher, and who has a
great love for sport. It is a very com
mon thing for the master and employe to
argue over possible feats of endurance
and skill, and a few days ago Gorman
said it would be an easy matter after his
day's work was done to walk fifty miles.
Brierling denied that such a thing could
be done, except by a man who trained
specially for such an exhibition of en
durance. Gorman has always been a
great walker, and has great confidence
in his own endurance. He repeated his
statement, and Brierling finally said:
"I'll bet $50 you can't do it."
"Done," cried the butcher boy, and the
bargain was sealed.
To-morrow evening after the butcher
shop has closed and after Gorman has
done his full share of Saturday's work he
will go down to San Jose on the train.
He will be accompanied by the Assembly
man's brother, and the race is to start
from the front of the Courthouse at San
Jose. Mr. Brierling will take things easy
with a wheel or in a buggy, and Gorman
will ride shank's mare.
The agreement calls for a continuous
walk, and the contest is to end in front
<>:" the Oakland City Hall within twenty
four hours of the time of starting. Gor
man is confident of his ability to win the
v ■_ -. a id Assemblyman Brierling is as
positive that he will give up and will have
to be driven the latter part Of the dis
tance. He declares that to walk fifty
miles after a hard day's work is not pos
sible.
West Oakland is greatly interested in
the result, and bulletins are to be tele
phoned to Oakland as often as possible
en route.
« ♦ »
■
STUDENTS AS SOLDIERS.
Lieutenant Cloman Wants Them to
Be Given a Chance to Fight.
BERKELEY. May 6.— Lieutenant S. A.
Cloman, commandant of the university
cadet battalions. Is doing everything he
can to give the student soldiers an oppor
tunity to right against Spain. To-day he
Issued the following notice to prospective
student soldiers:
U. S. RECRUITING DEPARTMENT.
Corner Page and Gough streets,
SAX FRANCISCO. Cal.. May 5. 189 S.
Owing to the fact that about one-sixth of
the applicants for enlistment in the Califor
nia Volunteers are being rejected, there will
be vacancies In some of the companies which
may be filled by Berkeley students who wish to
be enlisted In the National Guard regiments.
If those so desiring: will leave their names
with me here, I will try to place them to the
best advantage and if possible start them off
as non-commissioned officers: --• =•-
S. A. CLOMAN,
First Lieutenant Fifteenth Infantry.
A number of Berkeley students will
probably soon be In active service. R. R.
McGregor of Company I, of the First
Regiment of the National Guard has been
made a sergeant In the volunteers. A
number of students belonging to the Na
tional Guard have volunteered their ser
vices and are dally expecting orders to
join their companies. Besides Paul Be
ville. who was summoned yesterday to
join his company at Visalia, there are H.
G. Mathewson of San Francisco, J. E. Mc-
Guire ami William Hall of Grass Valley
and a number of others.
Will Go to Harvard.
BERKELEY, May 6.— Albert Henry Al
ien, who will graduate from the State
University on the 18th inst. with the de
f bachelor of arts, has been award
ed the scholarship at Harvard college
annually offered by the Harvard Club of
Sal. Francisco. Allen has taken a promi
nent part in college affairs at Berkeley,
having been secretary of the Associated
Students and the managing editor of the
Daily Californian. He will leave for Har
vard next month to pursue advanced
work in Latin and Greek.
Berkeley Coaches in Demand.
BERKELEY, May fi.— Berkeley coaches;
are in demand among the high schools '
i<: the northern part of the State. O. j
F. Westerfeld, the mile walker, has been
■ecu red to coach the track athletes of the
Petaluma high school, and Roy "Woolsey,
the shot-putter, hurdler "and sprinter, has ■
agaged to coach the Santa Rosa
High School team, r our high schools,
Ilealdsburg, Santa Rosa, I'kiah and Peta
luma, are all training teams for the an- ,
nual Sonoma-Mendocino County field day,
which has become the great athletic event
of the two counties.
Patriotic Woodmen.
BERKELEY, May 6.— Peralta Camp No.
123, Woodmen of the World, has passed
a resolution providing for warrants on the
general fund of the camp for such assess
ments as have not been paid by rela
tives or friends of Woodmen who have
enlisted in the army or navy. The camp
has also invited an assessment for the
creation of a fund from which nurses for
hick and wounded Woodmen In the army
and navy may be employed.
New Church for Berkeley.
BERKELEY. May 6.— During the com
ing summer the Berkeley Unitarian Soci
ety will build a new church on the north
east corner of Bancroft way and Dana
street. The lot on which the new church
will be built is 113 by 98 feet, and the
edifice will cost in the neighborhood of
15000.
Berkeley News Notes.
BERKELEY. May 6.— Word has been
received in Berkeley of the sudden death
in Quebec yesterday of N. T. Whiting, a
prominent citizen of Berkeley and at one
time member of the Board of Town Trus-
Mrs. ElizabetH Bellerman, of 1947 Oregon
Street, died yesterday after a brief 111 —
ness. The d< i ■ aa< • ! was a native of Ger
many, aged 68 years, and had lived in this
country for twenty-nine years.
The Maguire Democratic Club of Berke
ley was organized last night. John E.
Bennett was elected president pro tern.
and G. Madden. James Woodhall and J.
O. Wright were appointed a committee
on permanent organization.
Next Monday afternoon at 4 o'clock Dr.
H. S. Greenleaf will deliver a lecture be
fore the Berkeley High School Sanitary
Commission on "Hospital Bandages."
Bead the exceedingly interesting
story of Neptune's visit to the big
battls-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in next Sunday's Call.
FEATERNAL FUNERAL.
Large Attendance at the Services in
Memory of P. H. Lamoureuz.
OAKLAND, May 6.— A large number of
Knights Templar in full uniform, and
members of University Lodge No. 144. 1. 0.
O. F., besid«s Live Oak Lodge No. 61, F.
and A. M., were in attendance at tne
funeral of P. H. Lamoureux this after
noon. The services were held in ..he
Masonic Temple, Judge F. B. Ogden mas
ter.
The pallbearers were two from each
of the organizations named and of the
Holders' Exchange. The casket was
borne by six empJoyes of the Remillard
Brick Company, of which the deceased
was a member.
The floral tributes were numerous. They
included a broken column and anchor,
from the firm, a large pillow and "Oates
Ajar," from the Remillards; a Maltese
cross from the commandery; a broken
wheel from the Builders' Exchange. On
the casket lay the hat and sword of the
deceased.
REUNION OF ALUMNI.
Innovation to Be Made in the Com-
mencement Exercises This Year
at Berkeley.
BERKELEY, May 6.— The associated
alumni of the University of California
are preparing to make commencement
day, May IS, the occasion of a grand re
union of the university. President Wil
liam R. Davis of the alumni association
has issued the following circular explain
ing how "alumni day" will be celebrated:
An alumni rally, including the graduates of
all departments, will be held at Berkeley, on
commencement day find is intended to be a
hearty me»ttns and unification of all the mem
bers of the now large university family. The
graduates of all departments are In co-opera
tion to make the alumni day not only a suc
eeaa, but a feature of this and of succeeding
onimencemem days. The unifytng of univer
sity forces is the central Idea— regents, faculty,
all graduates and all departments, the univer
sity family.
From 12:30 p m., the day and the exercises
will be given qver to this Idea. A luncheon at
that hour will be spread in the. Harmon gym
nasium, to be followed by toasts, music and
sentiments appropriate to the purpose, all
branches of the Tniversity participating. It
will be an opportunity for the eons and
daughters of the university to renew memories
of former days, to g^t a glimpse of the larger
university, t.i feel the touch of its expanding
life- and, better still, to contribute to unify
ing and consolidating all the forces of the
university, which will hasten the day of our
greater university. It is designed that this
union of forces shall be a part of all succeed
ing commencement days.
In the evening at 6:30 o'clock the annual
alumni banquet will be given at the Cali
fornia Hotel In San Francisco.
The following committees are co-operat
ing to make the alumni reunion a success:
Edmond O'Neill, W. E. Ritter, George C.
Edwards. E. W. Davis and H. B. Torrey
of the Alumni Association; Charles S.
Greene. H. A. L. Ryfkogel. L. Van Orden,
Miss Emma Hefty. F. A. Beckett: ami
Louis de F. Bartlett of the Associated
Alumni; secretary, James Sutton, Berke
ley.
CHARITY FOR
LITTLE PEOPLE
Society's Fete Champetfe Will
Be Held at Arbor Villa
To-Day.
Many Specialties Arranged to
Help the Treasuries of Free
Kindergartens.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call.
90S Broadway, May 6.
Society's Sete at Arbor Villa for the !
benefit of the kindergarten will be held
to-morrow afternoon and evening. Arbor
Villa is the beautiful home of Mr. and j
Mrs. F. M. Smith at East Oakland.
Mrs. Smith will personally supervise all j
the arrangements and will be assisted by
Misses Grace Sperry, Evelyn Ellis, Mari- !
on Smith, May and Winifred Burge. In j
the programme something has been found
for all the active ladies to do, and the
final arrangements are as follows:
3 o'clock— Skipping rope dance on large lawn
near the tennis course.
3:30 o'clock— S.ngin" '— the Daffodils and
M..- Walker un the main porch of the house
lacing the lily lake
4 o'clock— Double quartet of male voices on
the lawn in front of the house.
4:43 o'clock— Battle of flowers to begin from
the verandas on the south side of the house
and to be carried on all over the grounds. All
are invited to participate in the bombardment
of the porches.
Palmibtry and graphophone at the "Cozy"
near the Eighth-avenue lawn. Benefit of East
Oakland Free Kindergarten.
Flowers for sale under the acacia tree near
the lily lake.
Lemonade for sale on the archery raqge and
also under the yellow rock arches.
Ice cream for sale at the Plttlsporum circle,
near Mr. Smith's mining cabin.
A game ("The Devil Among the Tailors") on
the lawn on the east side of the house.
Donkey drives all the afternoon, start from
j stable.
candy booth at Hali Pile, near the water
I gardens, north of the green houses.
Fruits and nuts for sale under the pine tree
near Mr. Smith's mining camp.
Afternoon tea at the LUas Cottage.
The refreshment booths will be In charge of
the following ladies:
Tea— Mrs. H. F. Gordon, Mrs. H. O. Trow
bridge.
Ice cream— Mrs. F. X. Wilson, Miss Dun
ham, Mr*. T. C. Coogan.
Lemonade— Mrs. J. T. Wright, Mrs. Thomas
Crellin.
Candy-Mrs. W. T. Barton, Mrs. Dunwoody,
Miss Louise de Fremery.
Cake — Mrs. James Spear, Mrs. J. W.
Knowles. Mrs. W. F. Bailey. Mrs. Gorrill.
Sandwiches— Mrs. R. E. .v'ellman. Mrs. G.
E Edwards. Mrs. Standeford, Mrs. Price.
Gate Committee— Miss A. E. Miner, Miss J.
Campbell, Mrs. J. B. McElrath, Mrs. James
Treadwell. Mrs. George WheatOD, Mrs. E. B.
Beck, Mrs. Gordon Btolp, Mrs. E. H. Kltt
'Vfowers— Mrs. R. G. Brown. Mrs. W. G. Hen-
Mrs Sam Brock will have charge cf the
donkeys and Mrs. . J. H. T. Watkinson will
serve "tea at the pretty "Lilac Cottage. 1
The commutes will be assisted by young
ladies, in the ice cream booth the young ladies
will be Miss Jao<iuelin Moore, Miss Delia \N est,
Miss Oracle Gorrill, Miss Gertrude Snow, Miss
Elsie Everson. Miss Maude Cheek, Miss Phebe
McElrath. Miss May Coogan, Miss Florence
Lawden, Mius Mabel Judan, Miss Winifred
I Burdge Miss Marian Goodfellow, Miss Bessie
! Reed and Miss Helen Chape.
At the lemonade booth Mesdameg Wright and
Crellin will be assisted by Miss Louise Sim
mons, LilJian Downey. Ethel Whitney, Mar
garet Knight, Lilian Strong, Mary Barker,
Laura and Mona Crellin.
The ladies in the candy booth will have as
assistants Mrs. Sutton, Mrs. Meek, Mrs. Egbert
Stone, and some dainty little "candy scouts"
with red, white and blue badges— among them,
Louise and Nadine Belden, Anita Thompson,
I Ruth and Rose Kales. Lucretla Burnham,
Edith and Bonnie Downing.
Professor James of Harvard.
OAKLAND, May 6.— The usual methods
followed In teachers' county institutes
will be varied by County Superintendent
J. P. Garlick, this year. Instead of the
hourly class w>rk, forenoon and after
noon, he has secured Professor William
Jamea of Harvard, who will occupy the
greater portion of three days with lec
tures. There will be two each day, one
in the morning and one in the afternoon.
The general subject will be "Science and
Philosophy of Education." One evening
of his stay a popular lecture will be de
livered for the public. To this an admis
sion will be charged in order to pay the
necessary expenses.
Three Insolvency Proceedings.
OAKLAND, May 6.— Fred A. Campbell,
a cigar dealer on Broadway, tiled his
petition of insolvency this afternopn. His
liabilities amount to $1523 66. while his only
assets are household furniture valued at
$300 and exempt.
P. J. Kelleher, a clerk, filed a petition
of insolvency because he owed $<27 and
had but $200 in household goods.
J. M. Morgan, a railroad employe, took
advantage of the insolvency laws to get
rid of $608 05 worth of accounts he owed.
He claims but, $100 assets, and that ex
empt.
Want a Half Holiday.
OAKLAND, May 6.— The Board of Su
pervisors of Alameda and Contra Costa
countie?. and Mayor Thomas of this city,
have been asked to declare a half holi
day on the afternoon of the 2Tst In honor
of the "Tunnel Derby Day." It Is ex
pected that the railroads will make a
single fare for the round trip from all
town 3 In the two counties. Half sheet
posters and 20,000 circulars are to be dis
tributed throughout both counties.
Captain Isaiah Bray Sued.
OAKLAND, May 6.— Clarissa Hamilton
instituted a suit this afternoon against
Isaiah Bray to recover $500 due on a
promissory note of $1000, made May 12,
1891 Captain Bray is now in Honolulu,
where he has just arrived after a year's
cruise among the South Sea Islands. He
intends to start out again soon, and it is
doubtful whether service can be secured
upon him.
Hang the Traitor! Is what The Star
says. Read It. *
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
TOO ANXIOUS
FOR A WIFE
Young Sexton Swore He
"Was Over Twenty-
One.
Oakland Keeps Up a Record
for Quiet Little Elope
ments.
His Father Filea a Suit for an An
nulment of the Mar
riage.
Oakland Office San Francisco Call,
908 Broadway, May 6.
Patrick A. Sexton, a lad 19 years of age,
is sorry that he eloped last Thanksgiving,
and his father, as his guardian, wants
the marriage- annulled.
The latter part of last November young
Sexton, accompanied by a pretty girl, ap
plied to Clerk Ewing for a marriage li
cense. The clerk asked the uoy if he
knew his age sufficiently well to swear
to it, and Sexton wius positive that he was
born more than twenty-one years ago, and
he took the oath to that effect.
As the young lady did not appear any
too old to wear short frocks, the clerk
made some inquiry of the young man, and
he swore that she was over 18. The license
wan issued, and an hour later Miss Em
elie Hemple was the wife of Patrick A.
Sexton.
They took no one into their confidence
for some time, but finally the news of the
elopement leaked out. Sexton's father
was very much annoyed over the affair,
and it is* now stated that the young folks
never lived together as husband and wife.
This afternoon Mr. Sexton Sr., as guar
dian of his son, tiled an action seeking the
annulment uf the marriage on the ground
that at the time it occurred the lad was
not 19 years old and could not legally
marry. The father swears that the son's
age is known to him and that he will not
ue 21 for nearly two years.
The complaint is rather an unusual one,
as it places the boy's father in the posi
tion of swearing to a complaint that is
indirectly a charge of perjury against the
son. Young Sexton Is not at home at
present, and it is not known whether the
case will be contested or not. Mrs. Sex
ton is living in Oakland, but very few of
her friends know of the Thanksgiving
elopement, as it has never been openly
announced.
ANNIVERSARY BANQUE'I.
Brotherhood of Andrew and Philip
Celebrates the Tenth Birthday
of the Order.
ALAMEDA, May 6.— The Brotherhood
' of Andrew and Philip of the First Pres-
I byterian Church of this city celebrated
1 the tenth anniversary of its organization
i last evening by a banquet at the church
parlors on Central avenue. There were
: 125 covers laid, and all the places were
filled. Besides the members ol the order
in this city, prominent clergymen from
: other churches here and elsewhere were
in attendance. The rooms were hand
somely draped with American flags, and
the tables were profusely decorated with
flowers. F. E. Van Bu^kirk, president of
. the brotherhood, acted as toastmaster,
and proposed a number of toasts, which
were responded to by prominent gentle
men present. The tables were presided
over by a corps of ladies of the Presby
terian church. The affair closed by the
singing of "Blest Be the Tie That Binds"
■■ and the benediction, pronounced by Rev.
i Dr. Brush. Among the guests were:
Professor W. W. Anderson, Mi-.«srs. Ander
son, ri. n. Chappel, A. H. Wastell, H. A.
Wastell. Joseph Knowland, Dr. Sparks, Rev.
: W. W. Seudder Jr., John Scudder, G. A. Bord
well. Morton. G. A. MeConmll, H. H. Finch,
E. F. Burrell, 9. A. Burrdl. Jackson, J. W.
Brown, J. H. de Xfse. Stark, H. B. Jackson,
i A. B. Cooper, F. L!n<i.Tnuin. Charles E. Tabor,
i F. le Count, E. P. James, CSbarla U. Whiting,
Parkhurst. J. W. C. Svendson, A. J. Burgner,
B. C. Donham, B. F. Barton. Xorrls Stark,
William Shepherd, Charles Xeames, D. Mc
i Kean, < »r-' .!>;-■■ BCcKean, H. Lorber, A. Lorber,
Dr. If. M. Pond, E. Anderson, C. Mci'urdy, J.
j H. Glnder, F. X. Bckley, J. E. Ag;ir, J. A.
1 Parlser. J. N. Toons, Hierlihy, S. A. Ross.
At the principal table were the following
1 minister?: Rev. Dr. Carson of San Francisco,
i Key. Dr. Dille of Oakland. Key. Dr. Palmer of
, East Oakland, D. Edward Collins of
; Oakland, Rev. W. W. Scudder Jr., Rev. J A
Wlckham, Rev. E. Y. Garrette, Rev. Dr.
CHILDREN HAVE A MERRY TIME.
Ponies. Dogs and Monkeys Afford the Little Ones
Much Amusement,
Dog and pony shows are not affairs to
go irfto rhapsodies over, but the man who
doesn't find pleasure In the tricks and
antics of such intelligent animals as Pro
fessor Norris has in his charge must be
indeed blase.
The performance is under the direction
of Andrew Norris. He must have a
wonderful faculty for teaching horses,
dogs, monkeys and goats, for the animals
that took part in the show in Central
Park last night seemed to be "letter per
fect" from start to finish. There was not
an act from the beginning to the end that
did not command close attention, and
some of the special features were so good
as to warrant detailed description.
There was a military drill by eight
Shetland ponies, and then came a rep
resentation of a minstrel first part, in
which thirty dogs participated. The dogs
did some great tricks in lieu of cracking
jokes. Next there was a game of see-saw
by ponies, after which there were a revolv
ing pyramid and a revolving tableau by
ponies and dogs.
It was the "business" of one of the
dogs in the act that followed the tableau
to be a "hard case." He played the part
admirably, and as a result a miniature
police patrol-wagon, drawn by a dwarf
among ponies, driven by a midget, and
with the funniest little monkey you ever
saw, dressed up in police garb, dashed
into the ring. The monkey policeman
jumped down from the "hurry up" wagon,
seized the recalcitrant dog by the collar,
waved a club just as a "cop" would and
then hustled the bad dog into the vehicle
and away the wagon dashed again.
Brush Rev. F. D. Bovard, Rev. J. F. Moody
and Rev. J. A. G. Shipley of Alameda.
Confederate Bill Swindler.
ALAMEDA, May 6.— William Williams,
the confederate of Sloan in passing coun
terfeit bills, was on trial to-day before
Justice Morris in this city, on a charge of
petty larceny. The woman whom he was
charged with robbing was not positive in
her identification, and the case was taken
under advisement. Sloan is already serv
ing a six months' sentence in the County
Jail, but it is believed Williams will
escape, owing to the uncertainty of iden
tification.
A Female Thief.
ALAMEDA, May 6.— A well-dressed
woman called at the residence of T. P.
Dickinson yesterday afternoon on the pre
tense of desiring to rent it. Mr. Dickin
son was alone in the house at the time,
and while the woman thought he was not
looking she pocketed some valuable man
tel ornaments. He caught her in the act
and made her disgorge, aad then, instead
of notifying the police, ordered her out
of the house and told her that If she did
not leave the city at once he would have
her arrested.
Alameda News Notes.
ALAMEDA, May 6.— The Bellevue Tennis
Club will hold a gentlemen's single handi
cap tournament on Saturday, May 21.
The entry list will close on Thursday,
May 19.
The Young Men's Club of the Presby
terian church will hold a social this even
ing in the church parlors.
Miss Jessie Ackerman will lecture be
fore the Teachers' Club to-morrow even
ing on "Eight Hundred Miles on Horse
back Over Iceland."
The volunteer members of Company G
are drilling with enthusiasm and are rap
idly mastering the manual of arms. They
and all the members of the company are
exceedingly anxious to be ordered to the
front.
The Encinal Literary Society held a
meeting last evening, at which the prin
cipal feature was a discussion of the war
with Spain. If the members of the club
were of proper age they would volunteer
to a man.
George F. Washburn died this mornj/ig
at his residence, 1517 Oak street, of con
sumption. The deceased was a native of
Maine, 53 years of age. The funeral will
be held to-morrow at 10 o'clock, and the
remains will be interred at Mountain
View.
Burnham Able to Go Home.
OAKLAND, May 6.— Walter Burnham,
the son of the late O. H. Burnham, who
shot himself yesterday morning, was so
much Improved to-day that he was able
to go home unattended. Wednesday night
he drank heavily and was the worse for
wear yesterday morning when he entered
the blacksmith shop of Hurry Wilson on
Eleventh street. He flred at his head,
and the bullet struck the right side, tear
ing a furrow several inches in length. No
bones were broken, but he evidently
thought he hud done a good job, for he
remarked when found, "Good-hy; I am
going." The only other message he had
for his friends was, "Oh, don't tell mother
about it." He was treated at the Re
ceiving Hospital and kept strapped to the
bed until to-day.
Gin Gum Convicted of Forgery.
OAKLAND, May 6.— Gin Gum was sen
tenced to Pan Quentin to-day for forgery.
li.' whs convicted late last night after the
jury had been out for eight hours. He
was for ten years cook at the old Tubbs
Hotel and of late had been serving Mrs.
L. L. Bromley in the same capacity. Not
long ago Mrs. Hale, wife of the Prison
Warden, was the guest of Mrs. Bromley
and expressed the wish that Giu might
commit a crime and be sent to her. Now
she will be surprised to rm-et him so soon.
O'Brien Goes to Trial.
OAKLAND. May 6.— The trial of James
F. O'Brien Jr., charged with a felony,
was begun before Judge Ellsworth and a
jury this morning. This is the case from
LJvermore of the man charged with be
traying Nina Ogilvl do B. Lopez, daugh
ter of a wealthy rancher. The entire day
was occupied in securing a jury. There is
a large array of witnesses.
School Children's Matinee.
OAKLAND, May 6.— A special school
children's matinee will be given at the
Oakland Theater Saturday afternoon.
Pictures of tho Maine before and after
the explosion will be shown while Miss
Anna Adams sings the "Star Spangled
Banner," with the children joining in the
chorus.
Legault Not Guilty.
OAKLAND. May 6.— After an hour's
consultation last night the jury returned
a verdict of not guilty in the case of J.
I. Legault, charged with arson. He was ac
cused of setting fire to his store on July
27, 1*97, but after a nine days' trial he was
cleared.
Small County Tax Delinquency.
OAKLAND. May C— County Tax Col
lector James B. Barber has completed his
official statement regarding the tax ac
counts. The total levy was $1,048,124 47.
The amount paid was $1,022,776 50; balance
delinquent, $25,347 88.
"Don't give up the ship" and other
famous American battle cries; their
full stories told in next Sunday's
Call.
At a recent rabbit hunt near Fresno,
CaL, 9000 rabbits were shot or clubbed to
death.
A very intelligent pony named Rose-,
bery answered a variety of questions pro
pounded by Professor Norrls, and finished
his act by getting a whisk-broom from a
desk and dusting his master's clothes,
just as a valet would.
Then there appeared the fattest kind of
a nanny gr>at called Trilby, who walked
the tightrope with a monkey riding bare
back on her.
There was skipping the rope by a pony,
by dogs and by Mr. Norris and dogs to
gether.
All the riding acts were eclipsed by the
champion bounding jockey of the world.
"Jim Robinson." a large monkey, at- !
tired in tights, blouse and can. Jim rides
standing erect on his hind feet, and to
jump over banners or throw back somer
saults while his pony is going at full
speed is mere pastime for him.
The entertainment concluded with a
very exciting fire scene. A small cottage,
in which the McGlnty family reside,
caught fire, and the alarm was turned In.
A moment later the animal fire depart
ment came dashing in at breakneck
speed. The hook ami ladder truck, drawn
by ponies and manned by dogs, was the
first to arrive. Ladders were placed
against the sides of the building, and the
dogs climbed to the second story windows
and entered among the flames and smoke,
returning with smaller dogs in their
mouths. They aJso carried out the furni
ture. By this time the hose-wagon had
arrived, and a huge monkey ran up a
ladder with the hose and directed a
stream of water on to the flames until
they were quenched. Only those who
know how difficult it is to get a dog into
fire can appreciate how marvelously well
trained are these dogs.
The show is advertised as moral and
clean. It is not only that, but is highly
entertaining.
PEACE OVERTURES
WERE REFUSED
A Bitter War Now Going On
Among the Children of
Adolph Sutro.
Dissension Over tho Removal of the
Aged Millionaire From His
Home.
Dr. Emma Sutro-Merritt made overtures
for peace to her sister. Miss Clara Sutro>
yesterday morning, but she was repulsed
with scorn. The family of the aged mil
lionaire and philanthropist is divided and
the breach promises to become wider
when the promised battle in the courts
is opened.
Dr. Emma Sutro-Merritt. the elder sister
and legal guardian of her father, called at
the cozy home of the ex-Mayor at the
Heights with the olive branch of peace,
but Miss Clara Sutro bluntly refused to
receive it and decliued to be reconciled
while her father was kept away from the
home he built and where he hoped to
spend in peace the declining years of his
eventful life. Mrs. Merritt was scored in
no unmistakable terms for forcibly car
rying- the ill and imbecile old man away
to a strange hearth when only a few days
remained for him on this earth. Charles
Sutro, a son of the man who made the
Comstock famous, was present during the
interview between the sisters, and ho
took sides against the woman who took
the old man from his home when death
was beckoning him.
Neverthless, Dr. Sutro-Merritt main
tained that she was wholly within her
rights and was consulting her father's
best interests in removing him to her
home. She advanced the fact of her hus
band's illness from asthma as an addi
tional reason for having her father close
at hand. Her sister and brother were,
however, not satisfied and shortly after
loft the house for the city whither D£
Merritt soon followed them.
Attorney Reuben Lloyd was yesterday
engaged in considering the legal aspects
of the case from the standpoint of Miss
Clara Sutro and h^r brother.
SALOONS AND
RUM SELLERS
A Rumpus Combination That
Means Death to Civili-
zation.
Missionary Congress of the Califoi
Woman's Christian Temper
ance Union.
A reception to commemorate the return
of Mies Jessie Ackerman, generally
known as the "around the world mission
ary," was held at Calvary Presbyterian
Church yesterday under the auspices of
the California Woman's Christian Tem
perance Union. Delegates and repre
sentative ministers from all parts of the
State were in attendance, and many elo
quent addresses on the subject of intem
perance, its baneful effects in retarding
the growth of civilization and preventing
the spread and dissemination of Christian
doctrine in the heathen world were
given.
The congress was formally opened with
divine services at 10 o'clock in the morn
ing by Mrs. Mary Case Lord of Pasadena,
and it continued in session the entire day,
closing with a special programme in the
evening.
Among the prominent speakers of the
afternoon were Rev. George C. Adams,
Rev. E. S. Chapman, Rev. S. S. Cryor and
Miss Ackerman.
The prevailing topic upon which the
several addresses were based was intem
perance and the appalling result of the
liquor traffic.
Rev. E. S. Chapman spoke of the curse
of liquor as the greatest retarding influ
ence that modern civilization had, and
maintained that the nation, unless it
stopped the continual demoralizing influ
ence, would reap a whirlwind for its neg
ligence.
"The $4,000,000 that is spent annually in
California for rum," said the preacher,
"is the life blood of the State, and the
$120,000,000 that is expended by the coun
try, taken as a whole, represents the
gradual decay of the nation. Rum para
lyzes the church and places a ban upon
every branch of civilization. God cannot j
afford to multiply his church until we
wash our hands of this unholy curse. The
greatest evil to the church and the world
to-day is th^> saloon, and if we hope to
perpetuate our nation and our people we
must protect the present generation and
the generations to come by organizing a
movement that, if it does not succeeed in
blotting out the stain of intemperance en
tirely, will, however, lessen its ravages
and attendant horrors. To commence this
work of instituting the white banner in
every civilized community in the country
we have to first raise it he»e in this city,
because we cannot hope to meet success
by looking elsewhere and depending upon
others."
Art to Help Charity.
On Saturday, the 14th lnst., there will
be a poster and Bohemian musicale for
the benefit of the free ward in the Cali
fornia Eye and Ear Hospital. The entire
floor of the studio building will be thrown
o- en. All of the leading artists and mu
sicians will contribute. Refreshments
will be served. The younp ladies In charge
are: Miss Marie Loulho ('urrier, Miss
Grace Sabln and Miss Helen Knapp Fitz
gerald. They will be assisted in receiv
ing by Miss Alice M. Beatty, Miss Mayi-
Colburn, Miss Ware. Miss Pearl Sabin,
Miss Birdie Rice. Mrs. A. Barnard and
Mrs. C. T. Deane. The hours are from
2 to 6. Miss Borel and Miss May Palmer
will receive also.
ADVERTISEMENTS.
THE ONLY GENUINE HUNYADI WATER
HunyadiJanos
BEST NATURAL APERIENT WATER,
FOR
CONSTIPATION,
DYSPEPSIA.
LIVER COMPLAINTS
& HEMORRHOIDS,
"The prototype of all Bitter Waters." 'Lancet
"Speedy, sure, gentle." JiritUhilcdicaUournai
CAUTION: See that the label bears the signa-
ture of the firm. ." .-
Andreas Saxlehner.
Y r ~*%. - : Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
A**&J&» <»—«"> KKAK.VY ST. Kstablishrd
iißH^^mln 1894 for the treatment of l'rivnto
a Dr. Gibbon's Dispensary,
Giio KKAK.W XT. Established
in 1854 for the treatment of Private
Diseases, Lost Manhood. Debility or
fitfaJSBQjFHl II ii r — r iriiif.Tii *---|"i — I ttil""'*"-1
■ imBSBwB -skin Diseases. Tbedoetorctirpswueii
• 38mffiBSo tb * l9fall - Try him. Charges low
Cnr««iinaranlrrd. Call orwrlte.
Or. .1- F. tilß ttt.\. Box 1957. San Francisco.
OCEAN TBAVEL.
DIRECT TO PARIS. LONDON. HAMBURG.
A Victoria. <'..'. May: 19 F. Bismarck.... June 30
F Bismarck. ....June 2F. Bismarck July 23
a' Victoria. June 16 -V Victoria.... Aug. 11
Ist Cabin $100 up, 2d Cabin $45 up, , Steerage $30.
TWIN-SCREW PASSENGER SERVICE^
NEW YORK-HAMBURG DfRECT. ; . ;
Pa1at1a.. .... . May 21 Phoenicia.: : . :'. June ' 18
Pretoria May , 2SI Pennsylvania.. June 23
Patria ......... June 4 Palatia — .......July; 2
| • Ist - Cabin : $75 up, '2d Cabin $40, , Steerage $28.
• Hamburg-Ameiican Line, 37 Broadway, N. Y.
! HERZOG & CO., General Agents Pacific Coast.
401 California st.-, car. Sansome, San Francisco.
AUCTION SALES.
-fe» £» fes
AUCTION SALE OF HORSES
THIS DAY.
SATURDAY.. ...................May 7. 1898
At 11 o'clock a. m., at
J. D. HORAN'S Stock and , Sale Yard,
• CORNER OF TENTH AND BRYANT STS.
' I will sell at public auction the property of
Messrs. Archer, West & McCullough, consist-
ing of SO head of horses, broken and unbroken,
weighing from 1000 to 1500 pounds. Stock can
be seen at above yards two days previous to
sale. - S. ATKINS. Auctioneer.
OCEAN lEAVEL
Pacific Coast Steamship Co.
Steamers leave • Broadway
IB^ | wharf, San Francisco.
mKsmS^, For Alaskan ports, 10 a. m ,
• HPr3fe»k Ma >' '• 8 - n - 16 ' 21> 26> 31 - June
I Bt fct Tt3 5 - transfer at Seattle.
B^iSH^Hl For Alaskan ports (from
üBEs^Ml Folsom-street wharf), 10 a. m.,
I r^^^m\ May 1?, June 5. 26. July 17,
'' August 4, 25, transfer at Port-
For Victoria. Vancouver (B. C). Port Towns-
end, Seattle. Tacoma, Everett. Anacortes and
New Whatcom (Wash.), 10 a. m.. May 1, 6.
II 16 21 26, 31. June 5, and every fifth day
thereafter, connecting at Seattle with this com-
pany's steamers for Alaska and G. N. Ry., at
Tacoma with N. P. Hy.. at. Vancouver with
°For Eureka (Humboldt Bay), 10 a. m..
May 2 8 14 20. 26. June 1. and every sixth
th 's r inta er Cru 2 . Monterey. San Simeon.
Cavucos Port Harford (San Luis Obtspo).
Gav"otl!' Santa Barbara. Ventura. Hneneme
San Pedro. East San Pedro (Los Angeles) and
Newport. 9 a. m.. May 1. 5. 9, 13, 17.-1, -5, 29.
June 2. and every fourth day thereafter
For San Diego, stopping only at Port Har-
ford (San Luis Obispo). Santa Barbara, Port
Los Angeles and Redondo a"«. A ar^ 11
am May 3. 7. 11. £. 19. 23. 27. 31. June 4.
and every fourth day thereafter. San Jose de,
For ■ En«enada. Mandalena Bay. San Jose del
Cabo. Mazatlan, Altata. La Paz, Santa. Rosa-
lia and Guaymaa (Hex.). 10 a. m., May 12,
June 10 and 2d of each month thereafter.
For further information obtain folder.
The company reserves the right to change
without previous not}ce steamers, sailing dates
TICKKT £ OFFICK-4 New Montgomery
street (Palace Hotel). * CO.. Gen. Agts..
GOODALL. PERKINS & CO.. Gen. Agts..
10 Market St.. San Francisco.
THE 0, R. & N. CO,
DISPATCH FAST STEAMERS TO
PORTLAND
From Folsom-street Wharf at 10 a. m.
CADE 612 First Class Including Berth
I AnL $8 Second Class and Meals.
SCHEDULE OF SAILINGS:
Oregon May 6. 15, 24
Columbia ■ Ma 9 - 18. 27
State of California '..... May 12 21. 30
Through Tickets and Through Baggage to all
Eastern Points. Rates and Folders Upon Ap-
plication to c v ward> GpnenU Aeem
630 Market st.
GOODALL, PERKINS & CO.,
Superintendents.
AMERICAN and
RED STAR LINES.
♦NEW YORK, QUEENSTOWN, SOUTHAMP- !
TON.
NEW YORK, SOUTHAMPTON, ANTWERP.
Steamers sail under Belgian or British Flags.
Noordland May 11 Southwark May 25
Friesland... May IS ' 'Chester May 23
PHILADELPHIA, QUEENSTOWN, LIVER-
POOL.
Steamers sail under Belgian Flag.
Belgenland May l4lPennland May 21
EMPIRE LINE. ,
TO ALASKA AND THE GOLDFIELDS.
Steamers formerly employed In trans-Atlantic
services of the International Navigation Com-
pany and specially refitted for this service.
S. S. Ohio, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 15.
S. S. Indiana, 3500 tons, from Seattle, June 22.
S. S. Pennsylvania, 3500 tons, from Seattle,
June 29.
Connecting? with the company's own fleet of
IS new and modern steamers and barges on the
Yukon River, through to Dawson City and
Intermediate points. '■■;;.
For passage and freight apply to
INTERNATIONAL NAVIGATION CO..
30 Montgomery St.
Or any of Its Agencies.
fSfllMfiflS The via Honolulu and
'iHHnIL sai 's vla Honolulu and
i w |U * a "Auckland for Sydney
M"■ ■'' <. Wednesday. May 18, at
rVi^l/N 2 p. m.
XlMfnMlin<J s - s. ZEALANDIA.
G}lCflllUlll^ for HONOLULU only.
/ofnFfflnH* Wednesday, June 1. 2
lyilf-'JICq^ p . m Special party
rates.
Line to COOLGARDIE. Australia, and CAPE
TOWN, South Africa.
J. D. SPRECKELS & BROS. CO.. Agents,
114 Montgomery street.
Freight Office— Market st., San Francisco.
Compagnie Generate Transatlantic.
French Lite to Havre.
' Company's Pier (new) 42 > North f^y-y
River, foot of Morton st. Travelers (TV f>
by this line avoid both, transit by "•*"«"
English railway and the discomfort of crossing
the channel in a email boat. New York to
Alexandria, Egypt, via Paris, first class. $160;
second class, 116. .
LA 13OURGOGNE... May. 7, 10 a. m.
LA TOURAIN'E May 14. 10 a. m.
LA GASCOGNE May 21, 10 a. m. I
LA CHAMPAGNE... May 28. 10 a. m.
LA BOURGOGN'E June 4. 10 a.m.
For further particulars apply to
COMPAONIE GENERALE TRANSATLAN- i
TIQUE. Agent,
' No. 3 'Bowling Green, Hew Tork.
. J. F. FUGAZI & CO., Agents. 5 Montgomery
aye., San Francisco.
FOR U. S. NAVY-YARD AND YALLEJO.
Steamer "Monticello"
Mon.. Tues.. Wed.. Thurs. and Sat
9:45 a. m.. 8:15 p. m. (8:30 p. m. ex. Thars.)
Fridays .1 p. m. and 8:30 p. m.
Sundays 10:30 a. m. and 8 p. m. :
Landing and Offices— Mission Dock. ■ Pier 2.
Telejhone. Red 2241.
FOR SAN JOSE. LOS 6ATOS and SANTA CRU2 \
Steamer Alviso leaves Pier 1 dully (Sunday* '•
excepted) at 10 a. m. ; Alviso daily (Saturdays
excepted) at 5 p. m. Freight and passengers.
Fare between San Francisco and Alviso, 30c:
to San Jose, 73c. Clay street. Pier 1. 41 North
First street. San Jose. _^
BAILROAD TRAVEL.
(fSSBinS I .CALIFORNIA
LIMITED.
ll^^lm^rai SAN FRANCISCO
[|jHMSJLiIBMi) CHICAGO.
THE ONLY LIMITED TRAIN
FROM CALIFORNIA BY
ANY LINE,
Leave San Francisco at 4:30 p. m.
MONDAYS AND THURSDAYS.
Carries first-class passengers only, but with-
out extra charge.
DINING CAR,
BUFFET SMOKING CAR.
Pullman Palace Drawing Room Sleepers, 3^4
days to Chicago, 4H: days to New York. ■
Trains arrive and depart from Market-street
1 Ferry. San Francisco ticket office, 644 Market
street. Chronicle building. . Telephone Main 1520. !
Oakland office, .. HIS Broadway. . Sacramento
office, 201 > J street. San Jose, . 7 West Santa
Clara street.
THE SAN FRANCISCO AND SAN JOAQUiN
VALLEY RAILWAY COMPANY.
From September 10> 1537, trains will run as
follows: • -.- '/i - . ■ • ■
'•I South-bound. ."■; Nort^Jjpi'nd. :
Paßsen- Mixed ■ '. Mixed Passen-
ger ■: Sunday Sta- Sunday ; ger
. Daily. j. Excep'd. tions. - Excep'd. Daily.
7:20 am 9:00 am Stockton 3:<£pm 5:40 pm
■9:10 am 12:50 pm : Merced 12:50 pm 3:53 pm
10:40 am 3:50 pm ■ Fresno 9:30 am 2:2opm
11:40 am 5:20 pm Hanford 9:45 am 1:15 pm
12:15 pm 6:45 pm Vlsalla C:4O a m 12:40 pm
-J Stopping at • intermediate points when re-
quired. ■■.-■:•"■.- -.."'"•;■ •■• -■■■'-.•-■■■■.•.'.■ ; ■.'-'-.■■'■'
■ Connections — At Stockton with steamboats of
C. N. & = I." Co., leaving San Francisco and
Stockton at 6 p. m. dally; ■at Merced .with
stages to and from Snelllngs, CoulterviUe, etc.;
also -With stage | for '. Hornjltos, I Mariposa. j etc. ; •
at LankettthiAi with stage to and from Madera.
RAILROAD TRAVEL.
KNICKERBOC KER~
SPECIAL,
—FAMOUS NOONDAY TRAIN—
Via BIG FOUR ROUTE,
FROM ST. LOUIS TO
New York.,
Boston,
Montreal,
Buffalo,
Indianapolis,
Cincinnati,
Washington.
Finest and fastest regular train between
Mississippi River and Eastern Seashore over
greatest system of transportation in the
world— the Vanderbllt Lines.
STOPS ALLOWED at Niagara Falls. Wash-
ington, Philadelphia and Virginia Hot Springs.
This train allows half day's stop In St. Louis
and goes Into the only depot in New York
City. '" " "'-"
' J * C. W. GREEN. '
Traveling Pass Agent., Kansas City. Mo.
A. J. WHITEHEAD.
i Traveling Passenger Agent. Dallas. Tex.
Wit. P. DEPPE.
Ass't Gen'l Passenger A gt.. St. Louis, Mo.
J»OUTIII.KN rAiirit COJI»*A>T.
(pacific svm t.m.)
fralut lent* nntl »■-*• Una Iv urrlve at
NAN FK4N<IN«'O.
(Main Line, Foot of Market Street)
leave — From April 38. 1898. — «bhiyi
•6:00 a Nilea. 8»n Joae and Way Stations... •8:4.1 a.
7:OOa Benicia, Suisan and Sacramento. ... 1 0:45 a
7:OOa Maryßville, Orovilleiuid Redding via
Woodland 5:45p
7:OO a Vacaville and Rumsey 8:43r
7:SOa Martinez, SauKamon, Vallejo, Napa,
• CJallxtuga and Santa Rosa 6:ISj»
8:00 a Atlantic Express, Ugilaii and Kast.. 8:45p
SiIIOa Miles. Sail Jose, .Stuckton, lone,
Sacramento. M»ryßV>.!le, Chico,
Tehama aud lte.l llluff -IjlSp
•8:»0a Feteiß. Milton, Oakdalo (Jamestown
for Yosemito) »7:15r
OiOOa New Orleans Kxpreo, Merced, I ■• -o-
■lo, liakerslleld, Santa l!.ulmrn.
Ijub AiUfli'H, DeiuinK. Xl I'iuo,
:«'■;■" New Orleans and K«3t 6i4^p
10:OOa ValK-jo, Martinez and Way Stations 7:45 r
•I:OOp Sacramento Ui»er Btc>.iiK-ra *O:»Of
l:OOr Nilea. San Jose and Way Stations. . •«:4-"iA.
San Joae, Nilea and Way Stations. . l^A
2:OOp Lirermore, Mendota, Uauford and
Visalia 4: 1 5p
I.ivennore, Ban Jose, Nilesand Way
Stations JIO:13 a
Fresno, Merced, Martinez, Vallejo. . 1 S: 1 5p
4:001- Martinez, Shu lUnion, Vallejo.
Napii, CaiistiiKß, Xi Verano and
Santa Jtosa.. "... »xlsa
4ioop Benicia. Vacaville, Woodland,
KnigliU landing, MarygTille, Oro-
villt! and .SHL-ranieuto I»:4»A
4 :30p Nlles, Han Jose., Tracy and Stockton . . 7:13?
4:30p Stockton, Oakdale, Merced. 12:13p
4:3OpOastleaud Lo<li 1»:13P
4:30p Lathrop, Modesto, Merced, Berenda
~ " (Raymond for Yosemlte), Fresno,
Mojave, Santa Jiarbara aud ].us
AiiKeles 7i45a
4iHop Santa ft Route, Atlantic press
for Mojave and Kast... 0:43p
6:OOp Kuroiieuu Mail, Ogilun and lust.... OririA
««:OOi> Vallejo 18:i-"Sp
«:»«!• ll.ijhiiiilh, Niltsnnd .San Jose 7:43 a
J7:OOp Vallejo. Port Costa and Way Sta-
tions J»2*.-»»
SsOOpOreguu Hacriiinonto, Marys-
villf. !;.■,:. lint;. r»rtlun<l, I'ilgbt
S.mi.ml an.l fat 8:15 a
' f»A.\ LtA.MtKO AM) lIAVWAKIO. LOCAL.
- (Foot of Market Street.) ■ j '
~ I T~ "T" 7:13 a
8:OOa Melrosf, Seminary Park, *!! J: i - 2 A
iSJoSa Fltchbnrn, KlmliDrst, \Vml
{I1:OOa San l.rnmlro, South San 1«:45p
Jia o«M Leandro, tu«lillo, {I%U
iitVoop ]■ Lorenzo, Cherry • '1 : 1* p
4:OOP ' 13:4.1p
3:O«p »» (1 fl:!sp
5:30p Hajurardt. l:4.l :4 .? p
7:« Op . ■ Bs4sp
»:oop i Runs through to Nile*. ,J! :^ r
COAST UIVIMON (.Narrow «auge).
(Foot of Market Street.^
17:45 a Santa Cruz Excursion, Santa Crux
and Principal Way Stations J»:»3r
8:13 a Newark. Jose. Felton,
Boulder Creek. Hunt* Cruz and Way
Stations 5:30*
•2:1 3r Newark. CeuterTille, San Jose, New
Almadeu, Felton, Boulder Creek,
Santa Cruz and Principal Way
Stations MOiSOa
4:15p San Jose, Glenwood ft Way Stations 0:20 a
q4:lsp Boulder Creek and Santa Cruz j'J:2Oa
CREEK ROUTE FERRY.
rromSiS mKCISCO— Foot of !Urk«t Street (Slip 8) —
•7:16- 9:00 11:00a.m. -41:00 *2:00 43:00
♦4:00 • tS:OO »6:00 p.m.
from OilUSD— F«ot or Broadway.— "6:oo 8:00 10:00 a.m.
112:00 *1:CO *8:00 *3:00 ti:00 *S:OOP.M.
COAST DIVISION (Broad Mange).
(Third and TovT.usend St 9.)
•7:OO* June mid W. 15 .Stations (New
Alinaden Wednesdays only) li3op
{7:30 a Sunday Excurgiun for San Jose,
8»ut» Cruz, Pacific Grove tad
Principal Way Stations JSi*sf
9:00 a Han .line, Ira I'iuog, SiinU Cruz,
l'acillc (trove, I'aso Itobles, Shu
Luis ()!>i»|io. Guadalupe. Surf and
VrlnciiMtl Way Stations 4:lO|>
10:10» Wan JiMe unit Way .SUtions *H:«Oa
11:30* San Ji«e mid Way Stations *8:33 a
*2:4Si-Shii Mateo, Redwood, Palo Alto,
bauta Clara, San Jose, Gilroy,
Hollister, Santa Cruz, Salinas,
Monterey and I'acilic (hove '10:35 a
•:J:3Op Kan .lose and Way .sr minus "9:(MI»
**:IS|- San Jose ami Principal Way Stations Ml*
•r>MM»p San Jose aod Principal Way Stations «::I5 a
»::tOp San Jose anil Principal Way .Stations 3:30p
U::iOf San Jose aud Way Stations ?:30p
}ll;I3p San Jose and Way Stations 7:30r
A for Morning.'' ■ I" for Afternoon.
• Sundays eicepteil. } Sundays only ♦ SntnnUysonly
♦ t Monday. Thursday aud Saturday nightx only,
i Simitar* and Mondays. a Saturdays and Sunday*.
SAN FRANCISCO and NORTH PACIFIC
RAILWAY CO.
Tibaroa Ferry. F— t «f Market St.
AX FRANCISCO TO KAN RAFAEL.
WEEK DAYS— 7:3O, 9:00, 11:00 a. m.; 12.M.
■ 8:30, 5:10. 6:30 p. m. Thursdays— trip
at 11:30 p. m. Saturdays— trips at 1:50
and 11:30 p. m. -
SUNDAYS— 9:30, 11:00 a. m.: 1:30. 3:30.
6:00. 6:20 p. m.
SAN- RAFAEL TO SAN FRANCISCO.
WEEK DAYS— 7:50. 9:20, 11:10 ' a. m. 12:43.
3:40, 5:10 p. m. Saturdays— trips at
l:. p. m. and 6:35 p. m.
SUNDAYS— B:IO. 9:40, 11:10 a. m.; 1:40, 3:1».
6:00, 6:25 p. m.
Between San Francisco and Schuetsen Park
same schedule as above.
" Leave I " Arrive
San Francisco. In effect San Francisco.
April 23, •
Week I Sun- IS9B. Sun- I Week
Days.' I days. Destination. days, j Days.
7:30 am S:00 am Nova to. 10:40 am t>;4o am
3:30 pm 9:30 am Pctaluma. 6:10 pm 10:25 am
6:10 pm 5:00 pin Santa Rosa. 7:35 pm 6.-2 pm
-■•■• " Fulton, ~ ;
7:30 am Windsor, 10:25 am
— : t'f-. : Healdsburg,
Lytton,
Geyserville,
3:30 pm 8:00 am Cloverdale. f 7:35 pm| 8:22 pm
7:30 ami I Hopland and) 110:23 am
3:30 pm|S:oo am - Uklah. __[ 7:35 ?m| '•"" P m
7:30 am ~ • 10:25 am
S:00 am Guernevllle. 7:35 pm]
3:80 pm , 6:22 pm
7:30 am 8:00 am! Sonoma 110:40 am; 8:40 am
(and )
6:10 pm 5:00 pm| Olen Ellen. | 6:10 pm 6:22 pm
fi3o~am 8:00 am Sebastopol. 110:40 am 1 10:23 am
3:30 pm|s:oo pm| . I 7:35 pm| 6:22 pm
Stages connect at Santa Rosa for Mark West
Springs; at Lytton for Lytton Springs; at Qey-
eervllle for Skaggs Springs: at Cloverdale for
the Geysers; at Hopland for Duncan Springs.
Highland Springs, Kelseyvtlie, New Carlsbad
Springs, Sola Bay. Lakeport and Bartlett
Springs; at Ukiah for Vichy Springs, Saratoga
Springs, Blue Lakes, Laurel Dell Lake, Upper
Lake, Porno. Potter Valley, John Day's, River-
Fide, Lierley' Bucknell'a. Sar.hcdrln Heights.
Hullville, Booneville. Orr's Hot Springs, Men.
docino City.: Fort Bragg. Westport. Usal.
Saturday to Monday round-trip tickets at
reduced rates. .
On Sundays round-trip tickets to all points
beyond San. Rafael at half rates.
Ticket Offices, 630 Market St.. Chronicle bids.
A. W. FOSTER. . R. X. RYAN.
Pres. and den. Manager. Gen. Pass Agent.
NORTH PACIFIC COAST RAILROAD.
Via Sausalito Perry.
From San Francisco, commencing May 1. IS9S.
W_EK DAYS.
' For Mill -Valley -and San Rafael— 7:oo, '8:00,
•9:30, 11:00 a. m. •1:43. 3:20, 4:00, 5:15, *6:00.
6:30 p. m. ' ..-•..-:-..„
' Extra trips for Ban Rafael on Mondays,
Wednesdays, Saturdays and Sundays at 11:30
P " m " . SUNDAYS.
For Mill Valley and San Rafael— *S :oo, *9:00.
•10:00, 11:00, 11:30 a. m.; 1:00. »1:45. "2:30. »4:00.
6:30, 6:45 p. m. *■,-'■'.■•
11:00 a. m. does not run to San Rafael.
6:30 p. m..does not run to Mill Valley.
Trains marked • run to San Quentin.
V THROUGH TRAINS.
7:00 a. m. week days— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
3:20 p. m. Saturdays— Cazadero and way sta'ns.
6:15 p. m. week '■: days (Sat. ex.)— Tomales • and
• way • stations. • - -: ■ •
8:00 a. m. Sundays — and way stations.
1:45 p. m. Sundays — Point Reyes and way sta's. .
MOUNT TAMALPAIS SCENIC RAILWAY.
(Via bauaall to Ferry.) . .
Leave San . Francisco, * commencing May " L
UM: .•■•••. •■••• - -_■■ '-■■■■ - ■■:>. - :-^ - . ■ ■ -.■': \
■ Week Days— 9:3o a, m., 1:45 and 6:15 p. m.
Sundays— 9:00, 10:00, 11:30 a. m.. 1:45 and ■' .
2:30 p. m. from Mill Valley. »LV
Round trip from Mill Valley. $1.
THOS. - COOK & ; SON, Agents. 621 Market
street, San Francisco. -
1314
THREE LINK
FRATERNITY
The Grand Lodge of Odd
Fellows Will Convene
Here Next Week.
At the Same Time the State
Assembly of the Rebekahs .
Will Meet.
Thar* Will Bo a Lively Contest for
the Office of Grand
Warden.
The Grand Lodsre of the Independent
Order of Odd Fellows of California will
meet in this city next Tuesday in forty
sixth annual session. At the same time
the State assembly of the Rebekahs will
convene and both bodies will hold sessions
in the Odd Fellows' building.
During the past year the Odd Fellows
have maintained their numerical strength,
at this time in the State there being
30.204 members. The Rebekahs have a
membership of 16,731. During the year
the finances of the Odd Fellows have in
creased by $50,000. Three new lodges
were instituted and two were revived.
Eight Rebekah lodges were instituted.
Karl C. Brueck of Stockton will 'be
elected grand master, and W. A. Bonygne
of Los Angeles will be deputy grand mas
ter. There will be quite a contest for
grand warden, the candidates being M. G.
Gill of Red Bluff, J. F. Crosett of San
Francisco, M. T. Moses of San Francisco,
F. E. Whitney of Oakland. J. L. Rob
inette of Sacramento, and W. W. Watson
of Fidelity Lodge. This position, as a
rule, leads to the grand mastership.
The officers of the grand lodge are:
A. M. Drew, grand master; Karl C.
Breuck, deputy grand master; W. A.
Bonygne, grand warden; George T. Shaw,
grand secretary, Moses Greenbaum,
grand treasurer; P. F. Gosbey and J. W.
Warboys, grand representatives; C. O.
Burton, C. W. Moulthrop, John Glasson,
grand trustees; Charles N. Fox, J. F.
Thompson, A. F. Jones, G. H. Morrison
and S. B. Smith, trustees of the 1. O. O. F.
Home; A. F. Hitchcock, grand chaplain;
M. G. Gill, grand marshal; S. F. David
son, grand conductor; Ed M. biivey,
grand guardian, and M. P. Forbes, grand
" "The 'following is the list of the repre
sentatives from the different subordinate
lodges of the State:
California, No. I— R. L. Anderson. H. S.
Jones, J. Milieu. D. T. Van Orden. bacra
mento. No. 2-C. w! Baker, F. M. Jackson.
C H Martin, W. K. Morris. Luretca. No. i—
E. Brunner. S. B. Smith. W. F. Tanquary.
Yuba, No. 5— F. E. Smith. Charity, No. 6—
J. N'T Jensen. W. H. Lorenz, H. B. Needham,
M. S. Thresher, C. D. White, C. E. Williams,
W H W.*.dbrid*e. Auburn. No. W. C.
Straddling. J. K. White. El Dorado. No i>
A Carlaw. H. Shell, t. S. Warner, J. A. M.
Waldon, H. F. G. Wulff. Diamond Springs,
No 3— Charles Hogan. Stockton. No. 11— ij.
W. Gallup. L. H. Lang. T. B. Mayes, J. M.
Perry. Grass Valley, No. 12— T. H. Brocking
ton, John Glasson. J. J. HoskingM. Samp
eon. Harmony, No. 13-J. G. Mysell. A. Pau
ba C Quast Mountain, No. 14 — M. O. Holt.
Yerba Buena. No. 15-L L Alexander A. D.
Cheshire U. B. O. Clifford. W. 1. Crosett, MS.
Jeffers Jr., Davis Louderback. Oustomah No. ■
16-Thomas Martin, G. A. Gray A R. Lord, \
C E Mulloy Templar, No. I.— S. G. Kellogg,
C' F. A. Langermann. C. A. Sumner. Napa, :
No ig_j. W. Hosteller. J. Hottcl, C. Welti.
Yreka, No. 10— J. S. Beard, J. H. Magoffey.
Morning Star. No. 20— O. O Bertschi. F. N.
Spencer, C. A. Swinler. Tuolumne. No. 2£-W.
R. Gillis, A. S. McKenzie. bolano. No. 22-J.
E McDonald. Observatory, No. 23— Calla
han, J W. Roy, G. W. Welch. Sierra, No. 24—
Stanley A Smith. Volcano. No. 2o— James
Hall "Mountain Rose. No. 26-C. H. Growell.
Coloma. No. 27— George Marquart. Magnolia.
No 2H— E 6. Flanders, J. K. Phillips, b. Po
lack. M. Rosenthal. H. Stern Petaluma. No.
30— E. E. Drees, L. Ellsworth. H. C. Gray,
J. Nlmmons. Sutler Creek. No. 31— D. P. Col
will V G. Norton. Forest City, No. . .2— .
H. Hilgeir.ann. Hope. No. 33-J. F. Lyons.
Log Angeles. No. 35- A. A. Carls. R. M. Dusoe.
H T Parker, H. Quirin. Jackson, No. 36— E.
A Freeman Memento, No. — J. G. Cook,
IV T Bibbs. Placer, No. 38— W. O. Spencer.
Marlposa. No. 33— R. McCready. Colum
bia. No. 40— L. W. S. Downs. Klamath. No.
41— A. C Koussin. Morning Light, No. 42— J.
■\V Evans. San Pablo. No. 43— J. Frost.
X D. Richardson. F. A. Shortridge.
Mokclumne No. 44-G. Kelton. MA Riser.
Oriental No 45— A. H. Alderman, B. Mem, J.
H Shaffer Brooklyn No. 46— P. H. Lehman.
Bidwell No. 47— Virgil Bunnell. Union No. 4S
— J. H. Vizard. Hecker No. 49— Charles Frank.
• San Andreas No. 50— E. L. McAdams, A. L
Wyllie lone No. 51— A. Courtwrlght, A
C Fassett. Santa Clara No. 52— S. Oberdeener.
L \V Starr J. H. Wear. Santa Rosa No. 53
W. H. Lee, W. L. Naele, W. Shaw. Mis
tletoe No 54— L. Crafts. Truth No. s;"— G.
Homage. M. L. Howe, J. M. Kroyer, M. H.
Ktngsbury. A. Shafer, J. P. Spooner. Shasta
No 57— C. H. Behrens. 'Mt. Horeb No. 58—
R L. Miller. Oroville No. 59— F. Jones, J.
Marks E. J. Mitchell. Hofer No. "60— C. M.
Gehrkens. North Star No. 61— G. Davis, T.
E. Jones. Granite No. 62— F. T. Taylor. Con
sumnes No. 63— D. Maxwell. Healdsburg
Xo. — J. T. Coffman, W. W. Furgeson, J. F.
Nichols. Lafayette No. 65— James ' Forbes.
Campo Seco No. 66 — Brown. San Juan No.
67— C. S. Paine. Bay City No. 71-AI. Cellar,
S. Regensburger, A. Strassberger, T. P.
Woodward. Covenant No. 73— A. F. Wester
field. Franklin No. 74— Charles Jordan. Red
Bluff No. 76— F. E. Cushing. M. G. Gill, C. A.
Lang-e. Humboldt No. 77— J. de Haven. A.
D Hansen, -J. P. Hynes, H. L. Ricks. Suisun
No 78— F. Morrlll. Telegraph No. Claud
Wilson Alturas No. 80— D. Brabban. Olive
No. 81— W. Nicholls Jr., A. E. Pexry. Moun
tain Brow No. 82— J. J. Sweeney. V'acaville
No. 83— J. C. Caughy, J. L. Watts. Anniver
sary No. 85— J. R. Brown, R. • Burns, G. W.
Harpat. Capitol No. 87— M. Chapman,
Richmond Davis, N. Harrie. G. L. Johnson,
W. A. ' Stephenson, W. A. Tade. Pajaro No.
90— L. D. Holbrook. E. L. Hussey, E. McCabe,
B. E. Osborn, C. E. Taylor, S. N. Wycoff.
Cherokee No. 92— J. M. Sllssman. Crusade
No. 93— P. Nauert. Four Creek 3 No. 94 —
G. F. Beales. C Tongi. Farnsworth No. —
N. E. Flint, C. H. Hubbs. Branciforte No. 96
— A. Bristol, J. S. Collins, C. D. Hlnkle,
E. M. Sllvey, A. L. Williams. Yosemite- No.
— J. J. Lumsden. Jefferson No. 98— J. P.
Jefferson. Hornitos No. 99— W. Hunter.
gutter No. 100— J. M. Johnson, A. C. Stanger.
Marlon No. 101— A. E. Heggland. Scio No. 102—
L. A. Gremore. Coulterville No. 104— A. Rhlm.
Schiller No. — J. Kromer, P. Newman, W.
Schleuninger. Mineral No. 106— Engellner,
W. Pemberston. Bay View No. 109— H.
Buck. J. W. Glennan, F. M. Granger. Oso No.
110— B. Trabucco. Woodland No. Ill— R. B.
Baker, H. C. Howard, .W. McNalr. Abou Ben
Adham No. 112— W. B. Bluden, H. H. Dobbin.
M. P. Forbes, J. F. Kennedy. Chico No. 113—
H. H. Camper, M. L. Mery. F. E. Sherar.
Mission Peak No. 114— C. J. Bond, H. C. Crow
ell. Fort Jones No. 115— A. D. Goodale. R. D.
Maplesden. Germania No. 116— P. Baetje. O.
Schultz. A. H. Wehser. Oakland No. US— J.
L. Browne, G. Kirk. J. McVey. Willow No.
121— T. Maxfleld. R. Reid. Concordla No. 122—
D. Becker, J. Hillman. H. F. Schliehting Jr.
Apollo No. 123— J. R. Altken, A. J. Doyle, W.
M. Hinton, W. M. McColltster, W. F. Nor
crops. Parker No. 124— J. L. Geary Jr.. J. F.
Nichols. Spartan No. — G. B. Godfrey.
Samaritan No. 126 — J. S. Kramer. Sycamore
No. 139— H. B. Jessen. S. Madsen. Clear Lake
No. 130— F. B. Simons. Unity No. 131— E.
Dubois, F. Duley, G. W. Lamont. Colfax No.
132— W. A. Bruton. Colusa No. 133— W.
AUgaier,- W. D. Cook. Progressive No. 134—
U. B. Ambrose. Sliver Star No. 135— N. J.
Barry. Indian Valley No. 136— R. Thompson.
Soquel No. 137— J. T. Bassett, T. T. Nugent.
Bohen No. 128— P. Pearce. Mount Vale . No.
140— H. Turner. Garden City No. 142— R. C.
Andrus, .A. C. Bates, P. F. Gosbey, S. E.
Moreland, D. J. Porter. Ocean View No. 143 —
W. Nelson. University No. 144— C. F. Carl, C.
Roeth. A. D. Smith. A. S. Ward. Hermann
No. 145— L. Calson, W. Reuter. San Bernardino
No. 146 — E. Katz. San Lorenzo No. • 147 —
L. L. Fargo W. M. Lane, J. E. Murphy, A. P.
Bwanton. W. W. Waters. Wlldey No. 149— L.
L. Bennett, J. Jdhnson, G. Perley. Friendship
No. 1&0— O. Posten. San Joaquin No. 131— H.
W. Baker. San Diego No. 153— G. F. Julian,
C. H. Olllnger. S.E. Smith. Gllroy No. 154—
L. J. Cleveland. L. A. Whitehurst. Pacific No.
155— J. W. Bridegeman, W. H. Calusen, E. B.
Cooper. Santa Barbara No. 156— P. Currsin,
T. R. Dawe. Industrial No. 157— G/B. Dean,
D. J. Mannix, G. Murray, J. L. Roblnette, C.
A. Runnyan, T. W. White. Independence No.
158— H. Tim. San Benito No. 159— A. E. Faris
ter. Golden Rule No. 160— W. J. A. Cook, G.
C. Larsen. W. P. Slosser. Evergreen No. 161—
A. E. Finnell. Dormer No. 162— G. W. Hart,
M. C. McPeteres. Alisal No. 163— , 11. Clark,
S. W. Conklin. Encinal No. 164— P. J. Ham
•mond. John Larkins. Golden Star No. 165—
W. Bell, E. C. Webster. Mound No. 166— W.
W. Black. E. M. Hills. J. L. Wallery. St.
Helena No. 167— A. N. Bell. W. W. Lyman.
' Chorro No. 168— D. W. - McCabe. D.' Thaler.
Yolo No. 169— F. W. Wilson. Stanislaus No.
17CH-P. Gabel. Ophir No. 173 — D. Peabody, A.
Wolfen. Montezuma ' No. 172— Newman. C.
Sehrlmer. Lr.pyoma : No. 173— L. Hender
t>on. Uklah No. . I'M. . R. M. Donoho, W. M.
York. Bmncr No. 177— Cobb. CA. Howard.
Occidental No. 179— D. Newell,' W. H. Veghte
Hesperian No. 181— J. Davis. Monterey No. IS2
-^E. B. Rich. Etna No. 184— B. Carr. Yuba
City No. 185— P. Fulton. Fresno , No. 186—
E. M. Blßhop. H. Ford, H. Graft. Fredonia
I No. ISS— J. Toland. Orion No. 189— O. Whlpple,
iC. W. Wilklns. Bloomneld No. 181— R. P. Col
i burn. Mayneld . No. 192— W. W. Brownell.
I Cloverdale No. 193— A. Bentley. Cosmopolitan
I No. 194— A. J. Cleary, A. H. Cousins. Foun
| tain No. 198— J. Letts, F. E. Whitney.
Anaheim No. 199— A. Me Williams. Marin
No. 200— F. M. Angellottl, T. Hansen. Ventura
No. 201— A. J. Bell, E. W. R. Blsensee. Kern
No. 202— R. M. Walker. Rosevllle No. 203— E.
!A. Dickie. Golden Gate No. 204— L. Kragen.
I C. Maclarichlan, G. W. Wright. Alta No. 205
I — J. W. Harris, P. N. Mansen, C. R. Thrane,
(R. W. Wilson. Cahto No. — C. A. Irvine.
| Franco- Amerlealne No. 207— Bellamy, J. S.
Godeau, A. E. Lemoine, L. L. Remy. A. Se
habiague. Merced No. ' 208 — W. B. Croop, L.
H. Bradley, E. T. Hadley. Welcome No. 209—
A. W. Baker. Eel River No. 210— A. Lamb.
Meridian No. 212— J. Yates. Stella No. 213
—P. Guthard, T. J. Richards, G. Semler. El-
I mlra No. 214— McCrory. Osceola No. 215—
I W. Dowry. Golden State No. 216 — G. \\ . Bass
ford, G. A. Rown. H. E. Wilder. Stony Creek
No. 219— E. H. Meacom. Livermore NO. -si-
W. Schluter. Ferndale No. 220-J. McC. «*■
son. D. D. Peacock. Fortuna No. -_i— l>- J-
Marshall. T. H. Selvege. J. F. J no , in j^ n -
Fidelity No. 222— A. W. Downes, J. H. Hansen,
E. A. Herman. H. Jacks. T. K. Morse W-.W
Watson. Honey Lake No. 223-D. Raker. La
guna No. 224-H. Z. Grizinger. Peseadero No.
226-H. W. Good. Callstoga No. "'— A ;, ~'
Rogers. Oakdale No. 225-A. L. Gilbert. Cen
tral No. 229-C. C. Rafale. Capaj No. J»j-
W. E. Cole. Pan Leandro No. 2JI-J- A. oai
FfIlo"-Shi.?F f Ilo "- Shi .?, 9 NO A ~r cfougl?' w: B Sawyer.
Sarc^No 3 74^H TuUenef. Upper Lake No.
m-E C Woodruff. Franco-Italian No. 242
mmm
974— J H CasWllo. J- H. bchaize. ™' rl S tf Vi
275=W: H. Whittook. Frawrnal No. 2^
■C. ■ McMath. Monroe No. 289-^J.
immm
G. J. Consdon Cayuce^No.^H K. Ca»».
", ! V (■ T-w-itcheU Fall River No. 304— A.
SSPBspS 305-X M. til
m^ridan No 312— J W. Moran. Vorwarts NO.
Sheridan NO diz o Sant a Paula
«rll & W-arll^a^^ No.
MeGaug? a W. Stock well. Sunset No 328
,- Riinrinthal B F- Stocking. John Stork,
k r^rt^ett . No 329-RE. Jarman.
P L( c^k No 332-W. McDonald. Lake
No. h 333-D. C. Hammon. Presidio No. 334-
t H er B B?ro n n &?fe^ R^hmsd^.
SaJ^Wf a'tt F-allbr^o:
9-;q_F r, Trra'-v. Xacimeinto No. 340— D. Ter
ris. Mount Whitney No. *&-*■*• Drake Cen
tral California No. 343— T. V\ . Chapman, \\ .H.
Pulestrn Esoondido No. 344-W - K. Bradbu^-.
Oceanslde No. 34C-J. Schuyler. Blue Lake—D.
H. Jones. E. L. Lewis. Embarcadero -No 348-
T H. Fawcett. Santa Lucia No. 350— A. T.
Prues's. Lakeport No. 351-F. N. Loring :. Tern
pleton No. 852— H. B. Morrison. oodville No.
353_W P. Monroe. Oritemba No. — C. *.
Eddlemon. Clements No. 355-G. A. Chrsman.
Delano No. 356-W. B. Tlmraons Scandla No.
S-a-A. Swanson. San Bernabe No. S»— W. C.
Hamilton. Porterville No 3»9— . F_Pmlth.
Fort Bragg No. 360— S. B. Hatch, C. Tnarner.
Maxwell No. 361- J. A. Constable. Covina- No.
36'-J. X Bkshor. Fowler No. 363— F. Nelson.
Florin No 364— D. Reese. San Fernando No.
36^E. L. Brown. Citrus No. 367-J. E Daly.
lament No. 368— A. Hay, F. E. Smith. Sea
side No. 3G9-J. Yoakum. - Slsklyou No. 3.0-J.
M Hadley. F. O. Patterson. Semi-Tropic No.
"71— D D Deeds. F. Glllespi, J. ,N. Rushton.
Gabilan No. 372— W. Searles. Chine .No ■373-
M E. Anderson. Mount Campbell No. 374— C. ;
M Gutfeldt. Sanger No. 375-G. T. Dockery. j
Walnut Grove No. 376-J. J. Nasrle. Circle No. \
377-M. J. Kerby. Danville No 3,8-J. L.
Coats. A(*tiv» No. 379— W. B. Alford. On- ,
ward No. 3SO-J. V. Rowley. Niles No. 382- J. j
Tyson. San Jacinto No. 383-T. H. Ralney.
Elmhurst No. 354-W. Clark. America No. 3So-
F H. Cunningham, A. H. Longley. J. H. Mar
tin, W. G. Shaw. Bridgeport No. 386— D. j
Murphy. . '
IN BEHALF OF SOBRIETY.
Arrangements for the State
Prohibition Convention Rap-
idly Nearing Completion.
A meeting of the County Committee and
Conference of Prohibition Workers, con
sisting of Samuel Fear (chairman), W.
H. Dorman (secretary), C. B. Williams,
J. Irving, A. B. Taynton, S. P. Meads
and F. E. Coulter, met last evening in
Pythian Castle for the purpose of electing
delegates for the State Convention which
is to be held in Fresno on June 8. Twenty
six delegates will go from this city Those
chosen last night were: Samuel Fear and
wife, C. B. Williams, Fred Head and
wife, Rev. J. A. B. Wilson and wife,
Mrs. Kose M. French, William Dolliver,
Judge Robert Thompson, Rev. J. C. Row
ell, Nicholas Morcom and R. Helliwell.
As only thirteen out of the twenty-six
were- elected, the power to choose the
others was placed in the hands of the
chairman and secretary. A great deal o£
interest is being taken in the movement.
Two Burglars Retired.
"William Walsh, convicted of breaking
into the residence of Augusta R. Evans
at 1529 Oak street on March 1 last, was
sentenced by Judge Wallace yesterday to
four years' imprisonment at Folsom.
Frank Anderson, convicted of breaking
into a store at 118 Sixth street, was sen
tenced yesterday to five years' imprison
ment at Folsom.
Bead cne exceedingly interesting
story of Neptune's visit to the big
battle-ship Oregon when she crossed
the line lately, written by one of the
officers, in ntxt Sunday's Call.
Abandoned the Suit.
The breach of promise suit brought by
Irene V. Tyler against Albert W. Sisson
was dropped from the calendar in Judge
Hunt's court yesterday and judgment or
dered entered in favor of the defendant.
The plaintiff commenced the action sev
eral years ago to recover $25,000 damages
and then allowed the case to go by de
fault.
Read what Editor James H. Barry has
to say of "Pirate Journalism." •
Left a Valuable Estate.
Mrs. Jane E. Belshaw : has applied | for
letters, of administration on the estate of
her husband, Mortimer W. Belshaw,'
who died on the 28th ult. at Antloch. The
estate consists of stocks and notes valued
at 585,000 and real property situated in
this city and Contra Costa County valued
at $150,000 more.
■ ♦ ■
Jessie Ackerman relates some of
her most wonderful experiences ■ in
dotting the ' great globe with W. C.
T. U. missions in next Sunday's Call.
LATE SHIPPING INTELLIGENCE.
ARRIVED.
; .: » . Friday, May .6.
Br stmr Wellington, Salmond, 74 hours from
Departure Bay. •
DOMESTIC PORTS. V
US AL— Sailed May 6— Schr i Neptune, for San
Francisco. >-v.,- _ ; ; -, , . ■_.,. :.-'
CASPAR— SaiIed May «— Stmr Jewel, for San
Pedro. > .
- GRAYS HARBOR— Arrived May s— Stmr Sig
nal, hence May 1. ■?:.-• - .. .• -\
TACOMA— May . 6— Stmr Wa.<<htenaw,
hence May 3; stmr Lakme. : from Seattle. -"
; : CORRECTION. . .
' SEATTLE— May '- 6— The sailing •of the ' stmr
South Coast resorted yesterday Is an error. ,
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
THE STOCKJKARKET.
Trading In mining stocks developed nothing
new, the market ruling dull and slightly lower.
Hawaiian Commercial rose to »22 12^4 under
| free sales.
i The Alaska-Mexican Gold Mining Company
: reports for March 15,200 tons of ore mlllsd.
| The total return was *38.482, of which Jlo,<-i7
! came from chlorinatlon of concenuates Xx
! penses were $21,642, leaving net ea nin^u Siß,
iMO The e?rnirgs were $2 53 and the axpenws
$1 42 per ton milled.
The Morning Star Mining Company of lowa
Hill, Placer County, has declared a moo: hly
dividend of $6 per share.
The Pennsylvania Mining Company of Qisss
Valley has declared a monthly dividend of 6
cents per share.
The Lillie Gold Mining Company of Colorado
1 paid a dividend amounting to $27,000 on Mj/ 2.
I Of the mining companies comtxniug 'he
| Brunswick Exploration Company, tiie Cor
j solldated Caliiornia and Virginia, Best ai.d
| Belcher, Gould and Curry and Savage, tn.ough
; their boards of directors at special meetings
' yesterday, ratified the contract with the Com
j stock Tunnel Company, which has been ratified
! and approved by its directors in New York,
! whereby the companies named are to hava the
j right to use the Sutro tunnel in oarryi.'ig on
I deeper explorations in their ground on the
| Brunswick lodo. The Chollar and Potoai ccn.
'■■ panics are als.i considering the matter.
In the Standard Consolidated mine at Bodie
! for the week ending April 30 the usual prce
! pecting work was done on the 150, 31S, -'70, .r2B. r 2B
; and 552 levels in the New, Securtiy, Movie.
1 Main Standard, East, Black, Magulre ard lor:
: tuna ledges, and the cemdition of the mine at
i the various points of development sh^ws little
1 change. In some places the ore is pinched
I and poorer, but a large amount of fair to
I good ore is being opened up for extraction.
' The usual amount of ore was extracted from
j the stopes In the New. Security, Moyle, Bul-
I lion, Black and Fortuna ledges on the dif-
I ferent levels. The stopes are looking well, and
• some very high grade ore is being taken from
i the Fortuna vein.
Stfinflard Mill statement— Ore crushed for the
i week, 254 tons; average assay vanner tailings,
is 6 55: concentrates produced, 3%, ton:-. .
! value, $70 26: plate amalgam produced, 861 Vi
! troy ounces; value per ounce, $2 24. Tailings
plant No. 1 treated 513' i tons tailings during
! the week; plant No. 2 treated 41514 tons tall
i ings. . _*_
STOCK AND BOND EXCHANGE.
FRIDAY. May 6—2 p. m.
* Bid. Ask. Bid. Ask.
U S Bonds— Oakland Gas.. 45% 46
4s quar c0up. .109 110 Vac Gas Imp.. 84 85
■4s quar reg...lOSVilO3 Pac L. Co 50^51^4
4s quar new...l2lVili2 S F G & E... 84% 85
Miscellaneous— San Fran ..... 3% 3%
Cal-st Cab ss. 114 115 Stock ia.9 12 —
Cal El 65.... 125 — Insurance—
C C Wat 55... 98%103% Flrem's Fund. —
Dup-st er. c. — 98% Bank Stocks—
EL & P 65. .126%— Anglo-Cal .... — 62%
F & Ch R «ls. — 118% Bank of Ca1.. 240 —
Geary-st R ss. — 99 Cal SD&T. 90 M
HC & S t%..100 105 First >lat ....195 —
L A LCo 6s. — 100 Lon P & A.. .130 —
Do irntd 65.. — 100 Mer Exchange 10 15
Market-st 65.. — 126 I Nev Nat 8... 130 157%
Do Ist M 55..112%113 Savings Banks-
Nat Yin 6s Ist — 97% Ger S & L.. — 1650
NCNg Ry 75. 103 — Hum S & L.1050 1160
NRy Cal 65.. 105 — Mutual Say. — 42%
N Ry Cal 55.. W4IOOV* S F Say U.. — 500
NPC R R 65.100>4 — S& L 50.... — 100
NPC R R ss. — 101 Security S B *50 —
Oak Gas 55. ..100 — Union T Co. 900 —
Do 2(1 is 55..105%109 Street Railroad—
Cm Ry 6s 123%- California ....103 110
P & O 6a.....1t0 — G'-ary 40 —
P&Ch Ry 6s. 104 110 Market-st .... 51% 52%
Powell-st C5...11S — Presidio « <%
Reno WL&L..IOO - Powder
'4acE!«c Ry os.loo — California -...H5 160
SF & N P 55.105%106^ E Dynamite... 8a —
SierraßCal 6s. — 105 Giant Con Co. 43 44
SPof Ar 65. .103 — Vigorlt 3-4 3%
S P Cal 65.. — 113 Miscellaneous—
SPCIs eg 55.. - 96 Al Pac Assn.. 92% 93
SP Br 6S-.....105UH0 Ger L«l A'ks.lin -
<? V Wat 6s 115 M, — Hana P C 0... 10% Id
S V Wat 4s 100%101 H C & S Co.. 21% 21%
Stock Gas 65.: -103 Hutch S P Co. 4SV4. 48%
Water Stocks— Mer Ex Assn. 90 — _
Contra Costa. 50 65 Nat In C 0... - 6%
Marin Co .... 50 - Oceanic S Co. 61 —
Spring: Valley. 99% 99% Pac A F L... lVi 2%
Gas & Electric— Pac Bot C0...100%101
Cent Gaslight. 105 — Par Paint Co. 7 —
Mutual El Co. 11% 12%
Morning Session.
15:. Hutchlnson S P Co 49 25
30 Pacific Lighting 51 00
100 Spring Valley Water to i-u.
5 do do *" it*
J2OOO Spring Valley 4s Bonds 101 00
$1000 Spring Valley 6s 80nd5.... ..115 »
S3OOO S F & N P Ry Bonds.. 100 <o
200 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar 20 00
40 do do • |2 -'
10 do do Vntn'
25 do do • 2000
20 do do »W
100 do do • ff.
50 do do ••••■•""won
850 do do • • 22 00
50 do do b 3 ••••—|^i4
10 do do •••• ZZ "%
Street ... «
20 Bank of California 240 00
Afternoon Session.
10 Hawaiian Commercial & Sugar.. 21 75
o-n An do ** 50
Yo do To "-IW-*
210 do do *] [i\
5 do do • 20 ,5
90 do do .......20 8,%
650. do do • 2100
60 do do -21 *''»
16 Alaska Packers' Association 93 0 0..
30 Hutchinson S P Co 48 t>o
5 Oakland Gas •' • « i?
10 Oceanic Steamship Co 2} »
30 do do V. .....0125
10 do do  5150
40 S F Gas & Electric Co •■• *j ™
25 do ,-do •• — ••• Ia nu.
105 do do 84 62%
SOS F Gaslight J 37%
20 Spring Valley Water — MM
JIOOO S P of A Bonds ..........10J uu
INVESTMENT BOARD.
Morning Session.
100 Pacific Gas Imp 84 50
50 Oakland Gaslight 45 i 5
25 Market-street Railway Co 52 25
Afternoon Session.
10 Alaska Packers' Association ..: 94 00
60 Market-street Railway C 0........ 52 00
100 Sprinii Valley Water, s 15............ 99 50 .
20 SF Gas & Electric. 84 7o
MINING STOCKS.
Following were the sales in the San Fran
cisco Stock Board yesterday:
■ Morning Session.
400 Caledonia ....... 15 200 Overman 03
300 Chollar 21 j 300 Seg Belcher .... 02
200 Con Cal & Va.. 60 1 200 Union Con ...... 16
Afternoon Session. V;.' .■
100 Alta 16 : 50 Standard ........ 155
200 Belcher '. ... 11 1 500 Union Con .. 16
200 Con Cal & Va.. 60 600 Utah ..; . 07
200 Gould & Curry.. 21 300 Yellow Jacket .. 05
200.. 20 300 ...... .: .....04
100 Hale - & Norcrs. :50 ; ; ; . :
Following were the sales in the Pacific Stock
Board yesterday: .
Morning Session. '
800 Andes 08 14001 400 Justice 09
406 Belcher 11 300 Mexican ..09
300 Best & Belcher. 27 300 Savage ~ . . .- ... .13
300 Chollar .......... 21 200 Sierra Nevada . 64
200 1............ 20 700 ...... ...........;- 61
250 Con Cal & Va.. 60 22005........... ...... 60
300 Crown Point ... 10 300 Union C0n....... •15
400 Gould & Curry.. .22 500 Yellow Jacket... 05
300 .........:.. 21 ; -
Afternoon Session.
200 Alta 15 500 Potosi ........... 21
500 Andes ...........08 504. 20
400 Best & Belcher. 27 200 Savage J 14
800 Chollar .. — .... .21 500 Sierra Nevada.. 63
400 Con Cal & Va..60 2000 ..:.. ..5.;....... : 62
300 Crown Boint 11 300 ............ ...... 64
100 Gould & Curry.. 20 300 Union Con ...... 16
100 ...... 21 500 Utah 07
300 Mexican ........ 09 300 Yellow Jacket... 04
100 Ophir ............ 39 , ;'
CLOSING QUOTATIONS.
FRIDAY, May 6—4 p. m.
Bld.Ask. Bid.Ask.
Alpha 03 04 Julia — 02
Alta 15 17 Justice .'. .. 08 09
Andes 07 08 Kentuck 01 02
Benton Con- ... — 20 Lady Wash .. — 03
Belcher 11 12 Mexican 07 08
Best & Belchr. 27 28 Occidental 1051 10
Bullion 06 07 Ophir 39 40
Caledonia 14 16 j Overman 02 04
Chollar 20 21lPotosi 21 22
Challenge Con. — 12 Savage 13 14
Con Cal & Va. 60 61 Seg Belcher ... — 01
Confidence 40 45 Scorpion — 02
Con Imperial .. — 01 Sierra Nevada. 62 63
Crown Point ..10 11 Silver Hill — 06
Con New York. — 02 Syndicate — 04
Eureka Con ... — 20 Standard 150 155
Exchequer — 02 Union Con 15 17
Gould & Curry. 21 22 Utah 06 08
Hale & Norcrs. 50 — Yellow Jacket. 04 05
REAL ESTATE TRANSACTIONS.
Helen A. Bunker to Ella Horton, Edltft Kahn,
Ivy M., George D. and Leroy C. Bunker, lot on
N line of Fell street. 137:6 W of Stelner, W 55
by N 137:6; gift.
Edward B. Duffy to Mary A. Becker, Jot on
N line of Jackson street, 53 W of Broderick,
W 26:6 by N 100; $10.
Estate of Henry S. Austin (by Kate F. Aus
tin, trustee) to John 11. Hansen, lot on E line
of Maple street, 102:8 Vi S of Sacramento, S
29:10%, E 112:6, N 25, W 78, N 4:10%, W 34:6;
$10.
Kate F. Austin to same, same; $10.
John M. Patterson to Charles Sladky, lot on
S line of Geary street, 352 W of Stelner, W 22
by S 82:6 (Hamilton Square); $10.
"Charles A. Lane (administrator, etc., by M.
F. Vandal!, commissioner) to German Savings
and Loan Society, lot on S line of Frederick
street, 300 E of Stanyan, E 100 by S 137:6; $5147.
German Savings and Loan Society to Hans
Peterson, same ; $10.
Fernando and Julia A. Nelson to Peter Jor
gA-.sen, lot on S line of Twentieth street, 359
E of Castro, E 25 by S 114; $10.
Catherine McGorry (by Sylvaln J. Lazarus,
commissioner) to Pauline Nathan, lot on W
line of Alabama street, 101 S of Twenty-fourth,
S 26 by W 100; 1350.
Joseph, Rachel and Henry Adler, Adeline and
P. H. Saunders (by Sy lvaia J. Lazarus, com
mlssloner), to same, lot on S line of Twenty
second street. 75 E of Guerrero, E 25 by S
114:6; $31S.
John M. Patterson to Charles Sladky, lot on
W line of Eureka street 149 S of Seventeenth,
W 125 by S 74; $10.
Charles Le Gay, and as executor estate of
Anna B. Le Gay and as trustee Anne Le Gay
Wilklns (Boyd), to Annie Le Gay Wllklns. lot
on N line of Commercial street, 239:7 E of
Kearny, E 35:5 by N 59 9- $1.
H. F. and Mary E. Puckhaber to William
and David Puckhaber lot on E line of Powell
street, 42 N of Pacific, N 21 by E 67:6; gift.
E. A. and Martha J. Haines to Lucius L.
Solomons, lot on SE corner of Hyde and Bay
streets, S 137:6 by E 137:6; $S - 3.
Louisa M. Chase (by M Seligman, commis
sioner) to Pauline Nathan, lot on N line of
Lake street, 99 W of Third avenue, E 30, N
118:3>4, W 24:2i,4. S 15, E 120:0%; $674.
Solomon and Dora Getz to Charles A. Davle,
lot on E line of Tenth avenue, 275 S of X
street, S 25 by E 120; $10
John and Phillppa Nute to Martin B. Joost,
lot 28, block 3, subdivision 1, Mountain Spring
property. $10.
John T. Dickey to M O Farrier, lot on W
line of Moultrie (Mlnot) street, 375 S of Eu
genia. W 35, S 93, SE 35 N 95, lots 207,212, 213,
Gift Map 1; $10.
Alameda County.
J. M. and Nettle M Carroll to Clarissa F.
Hamilton, lot on SW line of Hamilton place,
105.35 NW of Oakland avenue, NW <j0 by SW
90, being lots 32 and 33 Hamilton Tract, Oak
land; also lot on W corner of Oakland avenue
and Hamilton place, NW 45.35. SW 90. SE 30,
NE 91.45 to beginning, being lot 36, same, Oak
land : $5.
Lulu Baumgartner to Louisa J. Vance, lot on
N line of Thirty-second street 137.40 W of Tele
erah avenue, W GO, N 11502 E 50.23. 5 110.20 to
beginning, being lot 3 block 2043, Roland
Tract, Oakland; $10
Jacob and Racie Samuels to raullne Samuels,
lot on NE line of East Twenty- fourth street,
275 SE of Nineteenth avenue, SE 42:6 by NE
140, block 81, northern addition to Brooklyn,
East Oakland; grant.
Joseph A Leonard Company (a corporation)
to Mary A. Holton (wife o' Luther J.), lot on
8 line of San Jose avenue, 197 W of Lafayette
street. W 49 by S 150, Alameda; alsp lot on N
line of Clinton avenue, 99 W of Lafayette
street, W 49 by N 150, Alameda; also lot on
E line of Union street 75 N of Clinton avenue,
N 62:6 by E 148, Alameda: $10.
Same to Mary E. Holton, lot on E line of
Cedar street, 160 S of Clement avenue, S 40 by
X ISO, being- lot 10. block B, Bellevue Tract.
Alameda; also lot on E line of Cedar street,
240 S of Clinton avenue, S 40 by E 130, being
lot 14, block B, same, Alameda; $10.
George T. and Adelia A. Hawley and Edna
Snell Poulson to Anders Crristoffersen, lot 22,
block E, Buenaventura Tract, Map 2, Brooklyn
Township; $10.
Effle L. Kroll to Isaac Cohen, lots 5 to 10,
block C, Everett Tract, quitclaim deed, Brook
lyn Township; $5.
Nels J. Herby to Gretchen Herby, lot on W
line of Chestnut street, 168:3 S of Twenty
first. S 2.'. by W 127, being lot 14. block A,
Adeline-street property warranty deed, Oak
land: $10.
James T. and Minerva Glenn to Newton Ben
edict, lot on N line of Brown or Thirty-fourth
street. 2SI W of Telegraph avenue. W 188 by
N 119:10, being- portion of estate of A. C.
Brown, subject to mortgage, Oakland; $10.
Rebecca and Myron L. Wurts to George M.
Shaw, lot on NW corner of Prospect avenue
and McClure street, W 104 by N 50, being por
tion of McClure Academy Grounds, Oakland;
$10.
W. S. and Emma L,. Bigelow to Joseph Nor
they, lot on N line of Sycamore street, 221 E
of San Pablo avenue. E 2« by N 99:58, Oak
land; $10.
E. R. and Emma G. Tutt to Richard W.
Tutt, lot on W line of West street. 40 S of
Thirty-second. S 40 by W 113. biocK 2038. Row
land Tract, Oakland; $10.
F. W. and Alice Zehfuss to Eliaß Friedberg.
lot on NE corner of Erie street and Telegraph
avenue, N 48.8, E 110.7, S 51.8. W 12P..3 to be
ginning, being lot 1 in Plat 12, rancho of V.
and D. Peralta, Oakland; $10.
BUILDERS' CONTRACTS.
John P. Boyd (owner) with H. Stettin (con
tractor), architects, McDouprall Bros. Exca
vntlng for floors, pumping, expanded metal,
granite pier blocks, etc.; also concrete side
walk and granite curbs for a 3-story brick
building, with concrete basement on NE line
of St^uart street, 153:4 NW of Mission, NW
45:10 by NE 137:6; $7r.S".
HOTEL ARRIVALS.
THE BALDWIN.
J J Fully. Stockton W P Marks, Stockton
L Supoon, Sacramento WSJ Well, Oakland
Ben Rosenful, Portland J McKerman. S Jose
F A Adams, Chicago J J Guish. S Mateo
T H S<>tvage, Eureka Louis Sydmeth. Texas
J T McCune, Boston J W Burns. Vacavlile
R Hutchlnton, L Gatos W A Caswell, Sacto
W Holllngberg. Salinas H O Hickox, S Jose
R V Davis. S Jose H Spauldltig, Nutwood
C G White, Del Montel<Jeo Eagan, Sacto
L G. Hare, Salinas H J Williams, Sacto
R A Douglas. S ntego T P Cobb, Stockton
J De Ferrare. S Diego W Dwyer, Benicia
G S King, New York ! W J Armat, Benicia
T P Clark & wf. StktnJT Keating, Pleasanton
Chas Wilcox, Madera C M Short, Benicia
Chas A Jones. Nevada G Wilmer. N V
J McCud>lon&w. Valljo Walter Vincent, N T
L Thorn", L Ang Geo Lucy, Colorado
Mrs Chaplin S Jose S R Allen. Salinas
W B Frue, 8 Jose Mrs X Bartho, Salinas
F Dorn*w. S L Obispo E B Nelson, Oakland
W L Rogers. Salinas Wm Rlx, Alameda
V A Schellef. S Jose J Davln&w, Alameda
A A Browning. S Jose A B Hayns, Seattle
M Corbett, Sonora I A Hocheimer, Willows
Thos A Rell, Napa | F A Doraox. Sacto
E S Morrison, Napa W A Newton, Chicago
F W Kemling, S Jose M E Harris. Oakland
GRAND HOTEL.
H W Saunders. Cal A Cordlur&f, Arizona
A B Atkins. Cal D Overall, Visalla
A M Welih. Cal W G Robbing. Visalia
P Etchebarre, S Jose A B. Trott, N V
G Chandler. S Cruz W Crooks. N V
\V F Purrull, Sacto E Edson, Gazelle
C L Russell, Tulare J Miller. Ren..
J T Murray, Winters J H Glllett. Eureka
G Radellff, Watsonvl E Paguello, L Banos
II I Seymour, Sacto |W Sleep, Grass Valley
J R Meek, Marysvllle J Foler & w. Auburn
G Bond & w, L Ang R R Dollis, N V
E P Mathews, Cal J E Walsh, Auburn
T Hammond. Sacto L Chamberlain. Cal
E R Ray, Jamestown W C Good, S Rosa
C C Woods, Va A Hill & w, Petaluma
A Hudson, Breda Miss Fairbanks, Cal
A Johnson, Co<iullle J V Hill. Trenton
G W Green, Anderson ! E Zanetta, S Juan
T R Parker, Napa |G Drydall. S Mateo
E Skinner, Eureka 'C Lindsay, S Cruz
J W Guthrie. Sacto IOI O Woodward&w, Cal
J Thomas & w, Cal I Mrs Valleni, Goat Ist
H G Beggs, Sacto |G Allen & w, Stkn
H A Bralnard. Cal E de Regnier, Sanger
T Faucett. S Pedro !
NEW WESTERN HOTEL.
P C Sargent, Suisun J Bnyle, Marysville
A Townsend, Lop Ang C Vernon. Riverside
T M Campbell, Easton H C Archibald. Boise
A Campbell. Fresno F R Ware, Dayton
D L McNeil, Ft Hragg Mrs M E Walker. Cal
O F Kendal. Son Jose Z E Buckner, Cal
M E Ramsey, Yuba J Peterson, Vallejo
H Tullener, Pt Arena J Ward. lowa
J Maxwell, Reno Mrs Smith. lowa
M J Daly, Fresno Mrs Matson, lowa
SAN FRANCISCO CALL.
BUSINESS OFFICE of the San Francisco
Call, corner of Market and Third streets, open
until 12 o'clock every night in the year.
BRANCH OFFICES— S27 Montgomery street,
corner Clay; open until 9:30 o'clock.
387 Hayes street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
621 McAllister street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
615 Larkln street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
1941 Mission street; open until 10 o'clock.
2261 Market street, corner Sixteenth; open
until 9 o'clock.
106 Eleventh street: open until 9 o'clock.
2526 Mission street; open until 9 o'clock.
1505 Polk street; open until 9:30 o'clock.
NW. corner Twenty-second and Kentucky
streets; open until * o'clock.
CHLKCH NOTICES.
SIMPSON Memorial Methodist Episcopal
Church, corner Hayes and Buchanan sts.,
Rev. John Stephens, pastor, residence 309
Haight St.— Preaching at 11 a. m. and 7:45
p. m. The pastor will preach at both services.
Su-bject at 11 a. m., "A Woman's Grand
Monument"; at 7:45, "God's Idea of a Man. '
Music by the Simpson Quartet. Sunday
school at 12:30 p. m., C. B. Perkins, superin
tendent. Epworth Leaj?ue meeting at 6:30 p.
m. Prayer-meeting, Wednesday evening at
7:45 p. m. The public cordially Invited to all
the services of this church. Seats ir-:e.
Ushers In attendance. Our Sunday-school
picnic, Saturday, May 14.
SPECIAL NOTICES.
THEY are closing out underwear, hosiery,
gloves, corsets, veiling, yarns, laces, cur-
tains, bedspreads, pillow shams, table covers,
towels, flannels, etc., very cheap at the Pio-
neer Dry Goods Store, 105 Fifth st.
BAD tenants ejected for $4; collections made;
city or country. PACIFIC COLLECTION
CO., 416 Montgomery St.. room 6; tel. 6580.
MME. HANSENTTatest galvanic battery and
cabinet baths. 116 Taylor st.
MRS STEWART, genuine steam and cabinet
baths. 120% Geary st., room 11.
MISS E. LOESELT^card reader; 229 Kearny;
rooms 10 and 11.
MISS L. DEAN has removed to 917 Market St.,
parlors 11 and 12; Turkish baths, manicuring.
MRS. E. BALDWIN, magnetic healer. 1506
Market St., cor. Eighth, room 98, second floor.
MISS SHELDON, steam baths and genuine
massage. 865% Market St., rooms 9 and 11.
ALVINE HALL and assistant; genuine cabinet
baths. 16% Turk and IUB Market, rms. 15-16.
FANNIE DAVIS returned; massage baths. 122
Post St., room 10. second floor front.
ALICE FAY, magnetic healer and vapor baths.
116 A Grant aye., room 17.
MISS R. CLEVELAND from the East— Baths,
massage; assistants. 29 Grant aye.. room 6.
MISS VIOLA BURWELL of New Orleans:
baths and massage. 1118 Market St., rm. 8.
ROOM 3 papered from $2 sol~whitened, $1. 343
Third st. and 2808 Twenty-fourth.
ANNA RAY PALMER, genuine massage and
vapor baths. Room 1. 117 Powell st.
MEETING NOTICES.
EXCELSION Lodge No. 166, F. and A. • :
M.— Special meeting THIS (SATUR- _J\.
DAY) EVENING, May 7, at 7:30 T£X
o'clock. First degree. •"■■:. -j /*>
THEODORE E. SMITH, Secretary.
MISSION Lodge No. 169, F. and A. M.— m'>
Called meeting THIS i (SATURDAY) _J^_
EVENING, at 7:30 o'clock. First De- 'V Jf
gre-e. C. D. BUNKER, Sec. - /V^
UNITY Lodge No. 131, I. O. O. F.— o*j*^i/> .
Members are requested to meet at g^wjfe^_
lodge room SUNDAY, at 1
sharp, to attend the funeral of ' '"" ;
our late t brother and secretary, WILLIAM
THACKERAY. JAMES TORRY, N. G.
SRPSKO JECIN- m ■ • ■■ - '
nevolent Society W. ■ MBtyft J/m
second annual (^^T^a^^ ,^§wr
picnic and bar- «HrL- JF ■ VtjL fijSrfp
bocue in Sausa- jg^Wv iWi^> KSjr
lito, at Wild- ■*»or-S» |^^^
wood Glen Park, ■. "SS3 v/?i.£|lj SSsSt
on Sunday, May ' i^Pf-Sft:?^ 1 a bSkv
I start to march j I ijH?. *3 * J®^ ■ '
from the Pyth- Jffl«!Lz/.'i£ <^M^JL '
at 9 a. m. We Invite all Servian people and
friends to attend to help celebrate the first
day of raising completely flag which covered
at 1343 all the Servian people and territories
under the Servian Czar Duschan Silnl.
THE California Debris Commission, having re-
ceived applications to mine by the • hy-
draulic process from George C. Rose,
in the Blue Rock mine at Georgia
Slide, El Dorado County, to deposit tall-
ings behind the dam -of the : Gold Bug
mine in Canyon Creek; from A.' B. Dries-
bach and J. F. Dudley, in the Driesbach
& Dudley mine near North San Juan. Ne-
vada County, to deposit tailings in Shady
Creek; from William E. Moore and John Is-
bister. in the Fair View mine at Sweetland,
Nevada County, to deposit tailings on a flat '
below the mine, and from David Cabona and ]
John Romano, In the Imperial mine near
Sierra City, Sierra County, to , deposit tail-
ings In old pits below the mine, gives notice
that a meeting will be held at room 59. Flood
building, San Francisco, Cal., on May 16,
IS9B, at 1:30 p. m.
ANNUAL Meeting— The regular annual meet-
ing of stockholders of the Hutchinson Sugar
Plantation Company will be held at the office
of the company, 327 Market St., San Fran-
cisco, Cal., on TUESDAY, the 10th day of
May. IS9B. at the hour of 11 a. m., for the
purpose of electing a Board of Directors to
serve for the ensuing ypar. and the transac-
tion of such other business as may come be-
fore the meeting. Tn*isfer books will close
on FRIDAY. April 29. at 3 o'clock p. m.
E. H. SHELDON. Secretary.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Stetes or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
SITUATIONS WANTED— FEMALE.
COMPETENT German woman with a girl 6
years desires situation; best reference; conn-
try; good cook. MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter.
COMPETENT French second girl desires situa-
tion; good seamstress. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter st.
NEAT German girl wishes second work or take
care of children, $1S to $20; best references.
MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st. Tel. Green 721.
SCANDINAVIAN nurse, best of reference, de-
sires a situation. J. F. CROSETT & CO.,
31K Sutter st.
wn>OW of refinement and education, with
hlgbest references, desires position as nurse
and companion to lady or gentleman (in-
valid); $15 per month. Address MRS. O. M.
W., ;41S Hyde st.
REFINED, educated, musical young lady de-
sires iiosltion In refined home as nursery
governess or as companion to invalid or el-
derty lady; a good reader; $15 a month; ref-
erences. Address C. F. , Call office, Oakland.
WOULD like a position as housekeeper or over-
seer; am a woman of intelligence and refine-
ment; practical in every way: would go out
of city. Address box 1491. Call office.
YOUNG German girl would like place to assist
in light housework. Address 1374 Eddy St.,
between Buchanan and Webster.
COMPETENT Swedish girl wants situation for
housework: is a good cook; best of references.
511 Mason st.
GERMAN girl wants place In a ranch or plain
family. 613 Turk st_
COMPETENT industrious woman wishes care
of invalid or care of sick by day: sewing;
light work of any kind. Box 2'_t:J. tall office.
WANTED— By respectable German woman, to
assist in light housework and sewing or take
care of a sick person. H..x 2261, Call office.
WOMAN wants a place to take care of chil-
dren or do other work; can sleep at home.
1106 Clay st. *
POSITION wanted as housekeeper, or to take
care of an invalid, or to nurse a lady in con-
finement; best of references. Call between 9
and 4, 1028 Market St., room 3.
YOUNG Swedish girl wishes situation to do
housework; can do plalr. cooking, small
American family preferred; UO. Apply 808
Mission st.
EXPERIENCED dressmaker on ladies' and
children's clothes will accept engagements
in families; terms reasonable; references.
Apply 1213 Scott st.
WOMAN wishes to take charge of a house; Is
a neat sewer: good washer; references. Box
2411 Call Office.
MIDDLE-AGED woman wishes a situation aa
cook and do general housework; good refer-
ence. Apply Sl5 Mission st.
WOMAN wishes situation as first-class cook
in a private family: city reference. 318 Jones.
WOT?I>D like a position as housekeeper or
companion in a refined family; am reliable;
can give ref. Address box 2402. Call office.
DRESSMAKER wants engagements by the
day: terms reasonable. 715 Sutter st.
REMABL.E woman would like sewing to do
at home. MRS. EFFIE SIMON, 1907 Harri-
son st.
COMPETENT German plii wishes situation
for second work or housework in small fam-
ily. Apply 800 Clay St., Oakland.
YOUNG lady wants a position as cashier In
restaurant or to attend bakery. 946 Mission.
STRONG German girl wishes situation, gen-
eral housework; wages $20. 23 Eureka St.,
bet. Seventeenth and Eighteenth, nr. Castro.
YOUNG Eastern lady of character and educa-
tion would supervise refined home; give chil-
dren mother's care: year abroad: would
travel: highest references. 3153, Call office.
REFINED Christian woman would like re-
sponsible position where faithfulness and in-
tegrity will bo appreciated; is agreeable and
companionable; knows how to make Invalid
comfortable. Address box 1467, Call office.
WANTED— A situation to do housework; no
children; wages moderate; references given.
Inquire 909Vs Mission st.
RELIABLE woman would like washing and
ironing at home. MRS. ALICE SCHOOLEY.
137 Julian aye.
SCANDINAVIAN girl wishes work by the day;
plain washing and housecleaning. 1941 Mis-
sion si.
AN elderly lady wishes a situation In private
family; a pood home more an object than
wages. 636 Third st., room 28.
YOUNG woman wants chamber work or house-
keeper's position; no objection to country.
Call or address SI9B Howard st.
WOMAN wishes work by the day. 322 Third st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
SITUATIONS WASTED-MALE.
CHINESE and Japanese (estab. 20 years) help;
tel. Maine 1997. BRADLEY & CO.. 640 Clay st.
CHINESE and Japanese employment office;
best help. 41414 O'Farrell st. ; tel. East 426.
WANTED — By a trustworthy young man,
work with a private family; can do all kinds
of farm work; wages no object; city or 'coun-
try. Box 2252, Call office.
MAN and wife for country hotel, man as first-
class cook and wife as helper; best city
references. Address box 7220, Call office.
$30 TO any one securing a position for an ex-
perienced cake baker; summer resort pre-
ferred. Address box 2378, Call office.
EXPERIENCED carpenter wishes any kind of
steady work at moderate wages. Address box
2254, Call office.
EXPERIENCED groceryman wishes situation;
can furnish best of references from the lead-
ing wholesale house. Address box 2382. Call.
EXPERIENCED, strong Japanese will do work
by the day, hour or contract. Address FRED
KODA. 409Vt OTarrell st.
CAPABLE marine engineer wishes position at
running engine or steam power; 14 years' ex-
perience. Address box 2255, Call office.
PAINTER wishes a position at housework.
Address JACK DOLAN, 565 Twenty-fourth
St., Oakland, Cal.
GARDENER, single man. wants situation;
first-class references. Box 1570, Call office.
JANlTOR— Watchman— Porter in wholesale
house; two experienced men want positions;
first-class city references; also from present
employers. Address L., 539 A Seventh st.
AN ENGLISH boy who is an experienced cook'
and laundryman wishes a situation; 3 years
in last place. H. F..__box 121, Call.
BOY 18 would like a position as valet to gen-
tleman of means. J. ' 52, CaU office.
WANTED by an elderly man a place to do
chores, is of good habits and handy with
carpenter's tools. Room 20, 906 Washington
St., Oakland, Cal.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of The CaU.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
SITUATIONS WANTED- Continued.
YOUNG man wishes employment as a book-
keeper, cashier or collector; has experience
as bookkeeper, with the best of references.
Address box 1496. Call offlce.
BUSINESS man with experience In country
banking, mortgage loans, real estate and In-
surance; good accountant; would like an en-
gagement; either office or outside work; city
or country; New York. Colorado and Califor-
nia references. Box 3155, Call.
WANTED by middle-aged German, work In
private family or hotel ; can do all kinds of
work; care for garden, horses, cows, chick-
ens; good driver; willing and obliging: coun-
try; $20 to $25. / iress box 5555, Call.
ENGLISH-AMERICAN wants work of any
kind: Is handy all-around man of 33 years, or
as night watchman; can do private detective
work; reasonable wages; Al references. Ad-
dress box 3154, Call Office.
SITUATION wanted by reliable man who un-
derstands wholesale grocery and provision
business, also bookkeeping, etc. ; speaks Eng-
lish and German; has good references. Ad-
dress box 1483. Call Office.
WANTED by a steady reliable man, situation
at any kind of employment indoor or out;
city or country; wages no object. Address
F. GREENFIELD, 220 Third St., S. F.
$100— Al bookkeeper will give above amount to
party securing him permanent position; best
references; no investments. Address box
! 3224. Call Offlce.
' JAPANESE honest *nung boy wishes to work
j In family as a schoolboy; speaks English very
j well. Box 2160, Call.
! EXPERT accountant desires position: very
bfst references: moderate salary. Address
box 3369, Call Office.
SITUATION as stationary engineer, fireman,
oiler or wiper; of 9 years' experience; best of
reference. S. J. BUNDOCK, 1110 Denison st..
East Oakland.
SITUATION wanted by cook and wife to take
charge of mining camp; good references. Box
1456, Call office.
GERMAN mechanic, very handy with any kind
of tools, wants any situation on moderate
wages. Box 14S0. Call office.
STRONG young man, 19, understands use of
tools, wishes employment In machine shop.
Box 1515, Call office.
YOUNG man would like a position as gardener;
can milk; prunin- and grafting a specialty.
J. J., 152S Walnut St., Berkeley.
WANTED— Position as foreman machine shop;
railroad shop preferred: best of references.
Box 1540. Call office.
EXPERIE-NCED carpenter and builder and
fitter of stores and banks wants work; wages
moderate. Box 3305, Call offlce.
WINCHESTER HBuse, 44 Vhird St.. near Mar-
ket; 20 rooms, 25c to $1 BO night; $1 50 to $«
week; convenient _nd respectable: fir«« bus
and 'raggnge to and from fer y.
CHEAPEST and best in America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50, postage
free.
HELP WASTED-FEMALE.
LADIES' Select Exchange, managed exclu-
sively by ladies; strictly confidential in its
operations; situations secured for teachers,
governesses, companions, bookkeepers, clerks,
salesladies, copyists, trained nurses, all com-
mercial positions; investigate: ladles looking
for select positions should call. 313 Bush st.
FOR summer resort, cook, vegetable and
pastry cooks, 3 second girls, o waitresses;
restaurant cook. $30; seamstress; pantry
girls: kitchen keener: chambermaids; 20
housegirls. 1023 Market st^
BTENOGRAPHEP : 3 milliners: dressmaker:
glove saleslady; 20 shop girls. 1023 Market st.
TEN good, reliable girls, wages $25 to $30, at
once. 1023 Market St.
GENERAL servant, family 3, no washing, $20;
quick. At 1023 Market st.
COOK, Modesto, $20; San Jose, $20; Alameda,
$20; Auburn, $20; Oakland, $20 and $15; house-
work girls, city and country. $20 and $25; S
young girls, assist. $10 to $15. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter sL •
NEAT young girl, $15. MISS CULLEN, 325
Sutter'st.
HOUSEWORK. Glen Ellen, $20. MISS CUL-
LEN, 325 Sutter st.
HOUSEWORK girl. Eureka, $20. MISS CUL-
I.K.N. 326 Sutter st.
SEAMSTRESS and waitress. $25; second girl,
country, $25; 2 German second girls, $25 each.
MISS CULLEN, 325 Sutter St.
COOK, institution, $30. MISS CULLEN. 325
Sutter st.
COOK. American family. $35. MISS CUL-
LEN. 325 Sutter siL
WOMAN cook, restaurant, $10 week; woman
cook, small restaurant, $7 week; waitress,
summer resort. $20. call early; waitress,
country hotel, half-fare paid, $20: 2 shirt,
cuff and collar ironers, British Columbia, $30
and found and fare paid. C. R. HAiiSEN &
CO., 104 Geery st. ;
SCANDINAVIAN housekeeper with a child 15
(see party here); girls for Oakland, $20; San
Rafael, $20; Alameda, $20; 5 girls city. $25;
cook $25; German second girl, $20; woman,
Los Banos. no cooking. $20. C. R. HANSEN
& CO., 104 Geary st.
SECOND girl, country. $20. C. R. HANSEN &
CO., 104 Geary st.
SWEDISH or German women for housework,
country, $30. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
GERMAN girl to take care one child 5 years
old, $15. MRS. NORTON. 323 Sutter st.
HOUSE girl, 3 In family, $25; nurse, $20; sec-
ond girl, _j_ MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter St.
COOK country, S3O; 3 house girls. Oakland.
$20. MRS. NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
YOUNG jrirl to assist, no cooking. $10; two
girls% housework, $15 each. MRS. NORTON.
323 Sutter st.
SECOND girl. $20. see lady here at 10:30 to-
day; 3 German. Scandinavian and Protestant
second girls, $20 and $25; Protestant cooV ; no
wash. $30; second girl, some washing, $25; :
German nurse. $20: Swiss or Italian cook,
small hotel, $25; 8 waitresses and chamber
maids. $20. $5 and $6 week; and a large unm- j
ber of girls for cooking and housework In I
city and country. J. F. CROSETT CO., 31S
Putter st.
WAITRESS, .country hotel, $20; chambermaid
and wait, hotel near city, $15; ranch cooks
and housework girls. MURRAY & READY,
634 and fi3fi Clay st. .
FOUR waitresses, resorts, . $20. HOTEL GA-
ZKTTK. __ Kenrny st.
GOOD home and some remuneration offered a i
respectable woman In small family: general j
housework. Address box H. H., Call office, j
Oakland.
PROTESTANT girl: must be good cook; easy
place; wages $15; reference required. 900
Devisadero St., corner McAllister.
WANTED — German girl for light housework
and care of children; no washing; wages $12.
Call 3454 Sacramento st.
EXPERIENCED girl to work on vests. 20
Ellis, st.. room 28.
WANTED — Strong German girl for cooking and
housework; must be neat. Apply 211S Howard.
EXPERIENCED finisher on ladies' cloaks;
good pay. 319 Geary st.
20 GIRLS of all nationalities to fill various
positions. MRS. LAMBERT, German Em-
ployment Office, 417 Powell st.
WANTED— A young girl for general house-
work; small wash. Call bet. 9 and 12 a. m.,
1223 Geary st.
FIRST-CLASS hairdresser and apprentice for
hair work. G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
YOUNG girl for housework; wages $16. 744
: Hayes st. ;
WANTED— Good finishers on pants at 660
Fourth st. : • .
GIRL wanted to . learn dressmaking. 2730
■ Twenty-fourth st. ;
YOUNG girl for general housework and cook-
ing. Call forenoon, 1628 Sutter st. -
DR. WISE, the ladles' specialist, 111S Market
st.; ? monthly troubles,. etc., , cured at once.
LAWRENCE Dresscuttlng : School, 1079 Market
St.; perfect ■■■ fit ; no trying on; trial free.
LEARN* dressmaking : and millinery; positions
tree; patterns 25c. . McDOWELL'S. 103 Post.
HELP WANTED—
WANTED— Cook, country, hotel, $40; night
; ; cook and • some baking, *. $9 a week; neat
waiter, country hotel, - $30; German hotel
waiter, $30; 3 . waiters, nice restaurant. $10 a
week; cook v and wife, country hotel. $45. Ap-
. ply to J. F. , CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento.
WANTED— Butter-maker, $30 per month Ital-
ian-Swiss •; milker, who J can .; run • separator,
; $25; middle-aged cobbler, for , institution, • $15,
board, room and wash; young man for pri-
! vate place in city, $10 per month; boy for fac-
tory, $3 - per : week and . increase; farmers and
* others. .W. D. ■- EWER & CO., , 626 Clay - at.:
WAITER, boarding-house, $25; waiter, restau-
rant, $25; lunch cook. $15; boy : for hotel,
-■■'■ choreman. ship calkers : and coal : miners. ■ R.
v T. WARD . & CO.. ; 808-610 Clay st. •
OFFICE assistant; < man and wife, country ho-
tel/experienced. >;• 1023 1 Market '■ st. - '- -'. : •
JANITOR, new '■ building, nearly s ready: first-
class :, references as -to - responsibility and so-
.; briety required, v. 313 Bush st. : ?;■■ V
CARPENTER for hotel: : storeroom clerk; gro-
cery clerk; hotel bartender. Call 313 Bush st.
GARDENER; man and wife, on ranch;: butter
; ■ maker ; :. 2.* stout j porters. y 1023 : Market st. ;:
CLOTHING salesman; \ card writer; 3 waiters,
-; $40. y ; 1023 Market i st. .- .- V v ■
MAN and wife; small ranch; $30 to $35. MRS.
> NORTON, 323 Sutter st.
WAITER boy, i Sonora, $15. J MISS CULLEN.
[ 325 Sutter st. ' '. r \'; - ■' . '.-;. .',
HELP WANTED— Continned.
same dairy. $25 and found; t ! farm
hands, $20 and $15; 3 foremen and^bby^ ror
ranches; vegetable gardener. ■ .MURRAY «
READY, Leading Employment Agents. oj*
and 636 Clay st. >' :
TEAMSTER, city - job. $30 and found ; S labor-
Agents, 634 and 636 Clay at. - .
i-rnnim 'or different places
_ . .- for different places
| 6 dffgshers— — foraigerent places
I _j? I "T hera -^ ««* rent place 9
MURRAY & READY, 634 and 636 Clay st.
GROCERY clerk __— — dry^s clerk
'for CCC C , O ty nt MURRAY * r£aDY. 634 and
. 636 Clay st. ; ' .
io laborers: city Job; »_**■_• JB 6 L e_.d*
and $1 50 day. MURRAY & REAm.Leaa
ing Employment Agents. 634 and 636 Clay st.
TOOLS furnished — — : — — . ___ Mateo
JO woodchoppers: 4-foot oak wood.. Son M ££_
Co.; $150 cord: board costs $3 ** eK -, n £LL" t
RAY & READY. Leading Employment
Agents. 634 and 636 .Clay st. ,
BAKER and pastry, cook for a first-class ; hotel.
$70 and found. C. R. : HANSEN & CO.. 104
Geary st. ' . : ; , - .
EXPERIENCED room clerk for a first-class
summer resort. $75; hotel bookkeeper .with ex-
perience in some first-class hotel, $io. <-• •"-
HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. _ i
HEAD laundryman for a country hotel, $65. C
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st. . _
HEAD and second cook, country hotel $100; ,
second cook, country hotel, $40; 2 waiters, $40.
waiter, $25; 3 colored lunch waiters for -a sa-
loon: colored porter, country hotel wo. tara
advanced; porter for a commercial hotel. ?ZO.
wheelwright for a ranch, $35 and found,
steady job; foreman for a ranch. $*.o ana
found: farmer and wife. $30: milker. J25. U.
R. HANSEN & CO.. 104 Geary st ___
WANTED— Engineer for sawmill, must have
some experience running dynamo, $3 25 a dayj
driver for milk route, $20 and found; wood-
choppers, $1 50 a cord; paper-cutter, $8 a
week: Eastern farmer, $20; carpenter for a
mine, $2 60 a day, see boss in city. Apply ta
J. F. CROSETT & CO., 628 Sacramento et.
BARBERS' Progressive Union; free employ-
ment. Bernard. Sec, 104 7th; tel. South 623.
WANTED — I want a boy to accompany me thla
summer traveling with wagon, to distribute
posters; a commission given; no salary- Call
or address JOS. FUSCH, 5" nth St., Oakland.
WANTED— Man for nursery work and jobbing
gardening; wages $15 per month. Call 600
Haight st. < '
YOUNG man for light work in lodging-house I
room, board and laundry; no wages. Alpha)
House, 5 Market st. ' jr
WANTED— Young man 18 to 22 as clerk in en>-
cery and bar; must have some experience*.
Box 2381, Call office. ',
GOOD barber for Saturday and Sunday. 623
Clay st.. Bakers' Home.
WANTED— Barber for Saturday. Call , 41641
Powell st. ;_; _ m
BARBER wanted. 131 Third st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
Corner Francisco and Mason sts. -
BARBER wanted for Saturday. Call 15 TajM
lor st. ' ' ' ,_
BARBER wanted. 217 Fourth st.
BARBER wanted for Saturday and Sunday.
. 105 Fourth st.
WANTED— Good barber for Saturday and Su_«
day at 225 Montgomery aye. _
BARBER wanted for Saturday at 1519 Market
si., near Eighth. ■ ;
WANTED— Young man as dishwasher at 180S
Haight st. - .
PAPER-CUTTER to cut for paper boxes.
Union Paper Box Factory. 42 Market st.
BUSHELMAN and coat-makers for country^
REISS BROS & CO.. 24 Sutter at.
WANTED— An all 'round tailor *or country.
Room 3, Flood building.
■ WANTED- Feeder ; job press. Pacific Printing
Company, 543 Clay st. _____
WANTED— IO men to oocupy clean rooms; t
nights 25c, or TOo week. 106 Mew Mf.ugomem
BAILORS, ordinary seamen, carpenters, coast,
Australia. Europe. HERMAN'S. M Stuart St.
BARBER shop. 2 chairs. 2 baths. Central Cal-
ifornia for sale, exchange; no Sunday work.
DECK ELM AN BROS., 106 ElUs^Srt;
RECRUITS wanted for the United States
marine corps. United States navy; able-
bodied, unmarried men, between the ages o£
21 and 30 years, who are citizens of tna
United States, or those who have legally de-
clared their intention to become such: must
be of good character and habits and able to
speak, read and write English, and be be-
tween 5 feet 5 inches aj^l 6 feet in height. For
further information at the recruiting
office. 20 Ellis St., San Francisco. Cal.
i EXPERIENCED pitch vein coal miners at
Tesla. Alameda County, 45 miles from San
Francisco; steady work; good wages; onljr
good miners need apply. Address TEbLA,
COAL CO.. room 515, 32S Montgomery, S. F.
WANTED— Laborers and mechanics to know
that Ed Rolkin, Reno House proprietor, still
runs Denver House. 217 Third St.; 150 larg«
rooms; 25c per nipht: $1 to f3 per week ;
LADIES' shoes, solinc. 3Sc; men's shoes, sol-
in"- r.Oc- all repa ring done at half the usual
price. 562 ' Mission st., bet. First and Second.
WINCHESTER House. 44 Third St., n<?a*
Market; 200 rooms, 25c a night: reading room}
free 'bus and baggage to an.l from the ferry.
I BARBERS' Ass'n Free nmploym't Office. S,
FI'CHS, Sec. 32". Grant aye.; tel. Grant 136.
WANTED-- At Montana House, ~6ihi Mission!
men to take rooms; 10c, !6c -".nd 20c Dee
night: KOc. 900 and $1 per wer-lc.
ROSEDALE House, 321 Ellis— Rooms 25c to $t
night; $1 to $4 week: hot and cold baths.
SINGLE rooms 10c and 15c nieht: 76c and tt
week. Lindell House. Sixth and Howard st 9.
WANTED— To collect wages due laborers and
clerks. Knox Collection Agency, ll'l Sutter,
tky Acme Hesse, 967 Market st.. below Sixth,
for a room; 25c a night; $1 a .week.
500 PAIR of men's new and second-hand sboesS
half price: half-soling, 35c. 959 Howard st.
WANTED— A good solicitor. Address 13(>&
Park ft., Al:imr>da. Cal. .
MEN to learn barber trade in eight weeks. S."
F. Barber College, 138% Eighth st.
627 MONTGOMERY, cor. Clay— Open until 9:3*
o'clock: branch office of The Call. Subscrip-
t ions and want ads taken. .
AGENTS WANTED.
AGENTS wanted; good men; no other need
, apply. Call at store. 312 Sixth st.
AGENTS wanted in every town for Ladles*
Crown Hat Fastener: something new: no
competition; sample 2.'0. The Crown Mfff.
Co.. The Howes building. 997 Market St.. S. F.
WANTED— Second-hand set engineer's tool*
and chest; cheap. Address B. R.. box 1518,
Call office. '
FI'RNITIRE WANTED.
WANTED— Carpets of an 8 or 10 room housetf,
central. J. T. TERRY. 421 California st.
INDIANA Auction Co. Removed to 19 Mont-
gomery St. : highest prices paid. Tel >a\ls .I.^
ROOMS WAIfTED.
YOUNG man wants room mate; one who plays
cornet preferred. Address 221 OTarrell st.
ROOMS AND BOARD WASTED.
YOUNG lady learn millinery would help in,
nice family morning and evening in exchange
"or room and board. Box 23*5. Call office.
' WASTED— MISCELLANEOUS.
GOOD lot in Oakland to exchange for a law
library and office furniture. Address box 11.
Call office. Oakland. .•■■
PAWNBROKER— Old • gold, sliver. cast-oft
clothing bought. Add. COLEMAK. 41 Third.
~ ' '' STORAGE. :■ ■ ' •
F^R~lo^vesT^ateT^oToT)iauiS^J^lE^JMXHr
■ 121 Sixth; St., open »evenings. V ;.
TRUNKS, 25c a mo.; other goods t.t low rates.
Signal Transfer Co., 530 Jones; tel. Sutter 441.
AT low Furniture, carpets, pianos,
household goods; clean, light compartments;
advances made. J. NOONAN, 1017 to 1021
Mission st., at ye Sixth: open evenings.
AT lowest rate-— Household goods, pianos; ad-
vances ■ made: ■ fireproof building. F. W,
ZEHFUSS. 840 Mission St. Tel. Mint 182 L
PIERCE- RUDOLPH Storage & Moving Co.;
- office. Tenth and Market; telephone South 169.
LOST.
LOST— pass book with the Hlbemia Saving*
; and ; Loan ■ Society of San . Francisco. in tha
name of " JOHN . CALLAGHAN. No. 162.530.
Finder will please return to bank.
PARROT; $5 reward; prosecuted if kept. Re-«
: turn to 306 Chattanooga st. - ' *. r
ATTORNEYS AT L-^-W.
ADVICE -free on all legal matters. ' T. : F."
STACK, 14 McAllister »t._
ADVICE free; no • charge unless successful.
• W. W. DAVIDSON. -927 Market st.
: PHYSICIANS. >
DR. C. CO' DO- NELL, office and residence.
, v: . 1206 Market; diseases of women a specialty.BUSINESS CHANCES.
UTCHBR shop; established 10 years;
bargain II sold immediately. McLAL'GHLIN
& CO., 23 Kearny st. |
$850— SALOON; 6 furnished rooms; present
owner retiring from business; has had the
place : years. MCLAUGHLIN & CO.. 23
Kearny 6t.
$200— SALOON* ; bargain this day if sold Imme-
diately. Mclaughlin & CO., 23 Keamy St. |
$3)O— PAYING business; clears $100 per month;
half cost. McLAUGHLIX & CO., 23 Kearny.
$2iO— CORNER saloon, near factories. Mc-
LAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny at.
$1750— LIVEUY stable; stock worth the price
asked; accident to proprietor cause of sale.
MCLAUGHLIN & co., 23 Kearny st. I
$650— COUNTRY store, saloon and dwelling
hall In second story; large lot; worth $2000;
no opposition; satisfactory reasons for sell-
ing. McLAUGHLIN .v CO.. 23 Kearny st.
$2500— SALOON, country mining town; 2 stores,
2 cottages, 7 lots; half price; owner compelled
to go Bast. Mclaughlin, 23 Keary st.
$65<V— CORNER saloon and cigar stand sold at
a bargain. McLAUGHLIN & CO., 23 Kearny.
$350— SALOON; 11 living-rooms; near Oakland
ferry: doing line business; rare chance; must
be seen to be appreciated. M. LESS, 703
Market st.
$500— FINE saloon, a few doors from Market
St., in the heart of the city; well established
paying place. M. LESS, 765 Market st.
{500— PARTNER wanted In an Al saloon busi-
ness in the vicinity of the Baldwin Hotel; ex-
cellent trade; money-making place. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
A— S2SO— POULTRY, game, fruit and vegetable
store in finest market; north of Market St.;
clearing $100 per month; trial. M. LESS,
765 Market st.
A. — SCiOO: restaurant; 1 block from cor. Fourth
and Market sta. ; average daily receipts $45;
best class of customers; disagreement between
partners cause of sale. WILKE. "S3 Market.
A.— s6oo; bakery and confectionery in choice
location, Western Addition; doing a large
•store trade; 4 living rooms; rent $50: owner
enlisted as volunteer; a sacrifice. WILKE,
753 Market st.
A— CORNER saloon, opp. factory, present
owner there 10 years, wants to retire; daily
receipts $10; can be increased. WILKE, "S3
Market st.
A— SI4OO— BEST paying day saloon in this city;
average daily receipts $20; rent $50; lease.
Particulars, WILKE. 753 Market St.
A— S76O— RESTAURANT and chop house on
Kearny at.; 2 blocks from Chronicle; a money-
making place: kept by owner years; no 10-
cent meals; best customers; best prices; a
genuine bargain. WILKE, "S3 Market st.
A— S22OO— RARE chance for investment; first-
class saloon; close to Chronicle; elegantly
fitted up; clearing above $250 per month; con-
nected with club and poker rooms; a sacri-
fice; important business calling owner south.
Particulars, WILKE, 7-3 Market st.
A-KREDO & CO., Successful Brokers, 22Vi
Geary st- Miscellaneous business chances.
$375— Home restaurant; finest; best paying.
$000— Stationery, hooka. Call and laundry office
$700— Photograph gallery; oldest on Coast.
$Soo— Delicacy; fine corner with living rooms, i
fbW— Home bakery: 3 barrel, daily; rooms.
i'jOO— Restaurant and furnished flat; $20 daily.
$450— BEST shooting gallery; cigar stand pays
rent; clears $1." . KREDO & CO.. 22ft Geary. j
PARTNER In horseshoeing shop: best in
city $400
Restaurant: Market et. : clears $100 mo.. C5O
Meat market; receipts $300 week; a sna 270
H. C DECKER. 1020 Market st., opp. Fifth.
$250— FRUIT and vegetable store; outside I
route; 40 good paying customers; cash busi-
ness $12 per day; call after 2 p. m. for par-
ticulars at fruit store, 133 Turk st.
PROMINENT plumbing business for sale: es-
tablished 12 years on principal business street;
price askeJ is all In stock; good reason tor
se'.linet. Boa 1712, Call office.
FINE cl»rar store to let or for sale; good loca-
tion. Inquire Mount Shasta saloon, S3 McAl-
lister >-t.. near City Halt
WANTED— To buy grocery anl bar. notion
store, dry poods store, for cash; must be a
bargain. -. Box 8282, Call. __________
WHOLE or half Interest; best-paying butcher
■hop in this city; trial given. For reference
apply box 2257, Call office. ___
PRINTING plant— l pearl press and SO fonts of
type; new and complete; cheap. AdJress
FRED LAKE, 52 Rausch St.
YOUNG married physician wants a good loca-
tion in or near San Francisco. Box 2354. Call.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; at once; going away;
a snap. 7," Market St., basement.
FOR SALE— Restaurant; ■ -day; a bargain. \
Inquire D McRAE, -7 Mission st. I
$00<>— WELL-ESTABLISHED candy business;
trial given. 2017 Fnimore st.
FINE saloon for sale cheap; good business.
Inquire 2006 Fillmore st.
FINE Examiner route to lease; 900 names;
good district. Box 2259, Call office.
PARTNER with small capital in restaurant by-
single woman. Box 2205. Call office.
FOR sale— Home bakery; good paying business;
established years; 0 fine rooms I*lB Howard.
PARTNER wanted; dressmaking; free rent;
would teach her. Particulars at 207 Taylor.
CORNER grocery and bar for sale; 3 living
rooms. us Fifth st.
SHOE shop, including machine; doing good
business; price $40. 14" Second st.
FOR Rent — bakery, with complete fixtures
for business, In center of Gllroy; old estab-
lished stand. Apply to MRS. C. A. HOXETT,
Gllroy, Cal.
PARTNER Legitimate business; capi-
tal $1000; young, of business ability; no agents
nor suckers. J. A., box 16, Call office.
$3000— EXCHANGE, pair new flats, city, . 5 J
rooms each. HOVEY, 8, second floor, Mills
building.
ORIGINAL sandwich wagon to let; position j
corner Fifth and Market. Apply 827 Mission.
SUMMER resort and beer garden to sell or
rent. MRS. BOEKELMANN, Lorin, Cal.
WANTED — To buy small restaurant or chop
house. Address L. R., room 10, 114S Sutter.
FOR Sale — Cheap; trill room; dissolution of
partnership. Inquire 6 LeldeadorS st.
CORNER grocery and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st.
BAKERY for sale cheap. Address Royal Bak-
ery, cor. Main and Delia Bts., Stockton.
CORNER grocerß and bar, living rooms, for
sale; investigate. 117 Fillmore st.
A— SSOO— CORNER grocery and bar; without
doubt one of the best business corners.
$200— Partner wanted; commission business. !
$300— Saloon; old-established; good corner,
and other bargains in saloons, bakeries and
restaurants. ANDERSON & CO., 777 Market.
$200— SALOON and restaurant in first-class
lodging-house, centrally located, to sell imme- j
diately on account of sudden severe sickness;
, sacrifice. Call 547 Mission. St.
DINING-ROOM for Bale; good transient trade;
1 steady boarders; rent taken in board; good
chance for a cook. 227 Geary st.
GOOD cigar stand to let; also a fine chance
' for a good lunch cook. Inquire DICK
BRUEGGEMANN'S saloon. S3 Third st.
$S00 — ALL night restaurant, fine location, for
sale. Box 7979, Call Office.
PARTNER with $300 wanted In well-located
restaurant. Box 7777, Call Office.
FOR Restaurant and chophouae; beat
location; opposite the ferries. IS East st.
BARBERS— Two-chair shop for Bale In coun-
try; account of death; $126. 825 Grant aye.
FOR sale— First-class restaurant, saloon and
family resort on Market St.; cheap rent; will
be sold at a low figure to a good party. In-
quire at McLEOD & HATJE'S, wholesale
liquor dealers, 515 Market st.
________
MEXICO.
LANDS In tropical Mexico for , rais-
ing coffee, sugar, tobacco, rubber, vanilla, |
etc.; large and small tracts. For further In- |
formation apply to Mex. Com. Co., 76 Chroni-
cle building, representing the Int. Land and |
Col. Co. of Mexico City. Mexico. I
RARE chance for investment In Oakland;
■ first-clans restaurant for sale, clearing $250
per month; same owners for 8 years; posi-
tively no opposition near; place located on
Junction of best two streets; cheap rent; rea-
son for selling, owners leaving for Europe.
M. L. WURTS. 17th and Broadway, Oakland.
$10, $50, $100 CAN be Invested where it will
yield as large a profit as Is consistent with
safety; send for our free booklet "'How
Money Grows." RIGGS & ■ CO.. Bourse,
Philadelphia. Pa. . .-
$3O0 — CORNER grocery and bar; fine location;
grocery stock alone worth more than price;
doing god business. Inquire room 614, Claua
Spreckblg building. . - . . .:.-■'. i :.'■
CHANCE to buy an oyster and chop house;
fine bar trade; established 11 years. Apply
southeast corner Twenty-fourth and Folsom.
Al BUTCHER shop for sale; very cheap; other
business to attend, to. Call at once and in-
vestigate. Box 1476, Call office.
FOR SALE— CaII route at San Jose; for par-
ticulars apply at Call business office or to E.
F. PIERCE, San Jose.
HORSERADISH and pickle stand in well-
known market; retiring from business; great
bargain. Address L. H.. box 1461, Call Office.
PARTNER wanted— Good-paying restaurant
and coffee saloon; Montgomery st. Address
Box 1453. Call. + ■ ' ■
RARE Chance— Brewery near San Francisco for
sale or to let cheap, with all brewing utensils.
Apply at Call office. ..-.■■
CORNER saloon for sain at a bargain; good
stock of liquors, cigars. 243 Fourth : st. .-. |
BUSINESS CHANCES—
PARTNER wanted in a restaurant; splendid
opportunity. Box 1533. Call office.
SALOON for sale cheap; no nignt work. 506
Clay st. •;
PATENTS— SMITH & OSBORN, Regisfd Pat.
Agents; established ISC :. 319 Pine St.. city.
CrrFEE and tea routes supplied from QEO.
W. CAS WELL & CO.'S. 415 Sacramento e\ _
LODGING HOUSES FOR SALE.
A— KREDO & CO.. Successful Brokers, 22%
110 rooms'; safe investment; clears $250.... 54500
40 rooms; sunny corner; transient zwo
16 rooms; Market: central; all full 700
30 rooms: Kearny; elegant offices if**
25 rooms; best on Post: bargain lo.<o
II rooms; Powell; elegant ™
6 room fiat; Ellis St.; free rent i-M
Hundreds of others at your own price.
24 ROOMS on Howard; new .„ $ 650
14 rooms on Eddy st.; new *»■
2S-room house; worth $1500; price 4i5
60-room hotel and bar «'*{
40 rooms; sunny corner •• ••■•• *»«"
14 rooms; corner house; new and g00d.... 400
H. C. DECKER & CO.. 1020 Market st.
22 rooms, nicely furnished, on broad avenue;
large: doing paying business; price $1000. _
O. JUDD & CO., 1424 Park St., Alameda.
ROOMING bouse, bar room and fixtures for
. sale. Inquire 510 Howard st. :
NO reasonable cash offer refused for 16-room
house, full steady roomc-rs. 136 Sixth st.
ALASKA ENTERPRISES.
CARPENTERS, blacksmiths, plumbers . and
: good men at general work who are going to
Dawson can on the way up work out $l«0 of
their fair via St. Michael; leave May 1. Ap-
liv The Gold Star.Co.;-; Mills bntMlng. S. F.
FOR baw.ion City, pteamer Northern Light—
Fastest boat on th» Yukon; far* flm-clasa
! $<-.- Height {200 per ton ; loO ' pounds baggage
tree; leaves Seattle June 1. Otflce 36 East at.
MUSICALVINSTR UM I T!s^___
AS~we~are selling" good upright pianos for $6
' cash and $6 per month, we ask you to Investl-
cnte and approve this method. Prices are the
same as If purchased for all cash. Bargains
in good second-hand uprights up. r. same easy
payments and some good Pianc= .for $ 3 $4 and
S3 per month. SHERMAN, CLAY & CO., ,
Stelnway dealers, corner Uearny and butter
its.. San Francisco, and Thirteenth and
Broadway. Oakland. ■
ABSOLUTELY the oldest r.nd Irrgest house
west of Chicago is KOHLER & CHASE'S.
£6 28 and 30 O'Farrell st. Pianos, organs
and all other musical instruments of all
grades and prices. Terms easy; prices low-
est. Everything possible done to please and
satisfy the customer.
AN up to date concert, day and night, j all
week at Twenty-fourth and Mission. East
Oakland, Lorin, and at Hockett Bros. Co.,
"Crown" agents. 230 Post st.
WE have a fine Baby Grand at a bargain;
new pianos are offered at lower prices than
ever. MAT VATS. 769 Market st.
A STEINWAY piano for $100; a dickering for
$90- examine list of bargains his week. THE
F. W. SPENCER CO., 933 Market st.
SOHMER 4 CO. Byron Mauzy. Newby. Evans,
Brigga and other pianos; see our rent plan;
,no interest first year, 308. 310, 312 Post st.
$75—A splendid piano: good tone; $5 down; $3
per month. 225 Putter St. £
NEW pianos rented, $3 per month. Scott-
Curtaz Piano Co., 560 Hayes st.
NEW flne $100 upright. Slightly damaged; $190.
Room 12, Flood building.
A STEINWAY. Decker, other pianos, cheap.
HORNUNCJ'S New Store, 216 McAllister st.
'•*r>" smallest; price lowest; $2 and up per
month. HEINE. 136 Ellis st. -
A FINE . Chase Bros, and a Stelnway cheap
for cash. Call early, room 12 Flood building.
FINE large upright; sacrifice. 120 McAllister
St.. flat No. 1.
A GOOD upright, very cheap, lfi McAllister
St., next Hlbernia Bank. SCHMITZ.
AGENCY Halnes Bros, pianos; second-hand
pianos. $75 up. W. C. HAMILTON. 324 Post.
K.VARE pianos: new scale; .ew styles.
KOHLER A- CHASE, 30 O'Farrell st.
SUPERIOR violins, zithers, old :.nd new. H.
MULLER. maker, repairer, 2 Latham place.
CHEAPEST and best in America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
BRANCH office of The Call. 106 Eleventh St.—
Want ads find subscriptions taken.
HORSES.
GOOD heavy work horses, with harness, hay
and lumber wasrons; also good buggy and
horse: for sale cheap to close estate. FLAN-
AGAN, Eighteenth and Folsom sts.
CAMP wagons, buggies; wagons, harness of all
kinds; 40 horse^j#must sell. Emporium Sales
Yards, 220 Valencia st. T. P. NEWELL.
40 HORC- S for Bale; also wagons, buggies,
carts, harness; Grand Arcade Horse Mar-
ket. 327 Sixth St., auction sales every Wed-
nesday. SULLIVAN & DOYLE. Auctioneers.
WAGONS AND CARRIAGES.
O'BRIEN & SONS,
GOLDEN GATE AYE. AND POLK ST..
Builders of Vehicles of the Best Grade for
Town or Country.
Newest Designs in Form, Color or Trim.
Best Business Bugtries on Earth.
Good Second-hand Broughams, Landaus, Carts
and Buggies. Taken in Exchange,
for Sale at Low Prices.
Bargains, new and second-hand carriages —
Coupe, $50: surrey. $«:.: village cart, $40; sulky
cart $35: top and road buggies, traps, grocery,
milk and two-seat wagons. All styles of carts
and harness at cost for cash.
Bull's Head Repository, loth and Valencia sts.
SECOND-HAND wagons of all kinds for Bale;
Cheap. 101S Harrison st.
SircT^L sale of harness and vehicles. l/!e-
bold Harness Co., 211 Larkin. opp. City Hall.
FINE laundry, baker's and milk wagons cheap
for cash or Installments; 1 flne top and open
buggy; also 1 hack. 828 Harrison st.
CHEAPEST and best In America— The Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
Ftates or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
fr»c.
1 RAGE.
WANTED— About 75 head of cattle on shares:
fine green feed. .Address K. L. NEVINS, 723
Market st., ■ room 7, San Francisco, or 519
Seventeenth St., Oakland.
FOR SALE— MISCELLANEOUS.
THOROUGHBRED Great Dane pups for Bale
at 430 Twenty-ninth st.
"SCHOONER yacht for sale; cheap; 25-ton. 11.
BRAND. 631 Ellis st.
ENGINE, boiler, dynamo, ■ motor, belts and
pump. H. S. WHITE, 516 Mission st. .
BMITH Premier typewriter; use for one month;
fo:- sale cheap. 25518 Market st.
J. R. POOL, house-mover, dealer second-hand
building material. 1124 Mission: Tel So. 787.
BOILERS, engines, 2d hand machinery. Mc-
INTOSH & WOLPMAN. Fremont & Howard.
LAUNDRY machinery, engines, dynamos, electl.
goods; new, 2d hand. Smith Co., 527 Mission.
BARS, back bars, mirrors, showcases, coun-
ters, linoleum, office furniture, store ■ and
office furniture and fixtures; new and sec-
ond-hand. J. NOON AN, 1017-1019-1021-1023
Mission st., above Sixth.
FOR Sale— up; good second-hand sewing
machines; bargains In new machines which
have been returned for non-payment. A, C.
BROWN, 1860 Market st.
GAS fixtures very low; large assortment: 1
and 2-bowl barber washstands, cheap. HUF-
SCHMIDT, 623 Golden Gate aye.
SAFES— and second-hand: cheaper than
ever. Hermann Safe Mafc, 533 Sacramento.
SAFES— Bargains In new and second-hand: all
sizes; half original cost. 109-111 Market, S. F.
GRAPHOPHONES. $10: Records, $5 per doz.;
Prbjectoscope, $100. Baclgalupl, 433-946 Mrkt.
COFFEE mill scale, hand-truck, letter-press,
desk and safe cheap. 102 Clay fit..
BARS, showcases, counters, shelving, etc.,
bought and sold. 1063 Mission, near Seventh.
CARPET CLEANING.
CITY Steam Carpet- eanlng Work*; cleans,
r, ->yes, lays carpet- C H. STEVENS; Mgr..
38 and 40 Eighth St.; telephone South 260.
WHEN you become disgusted ■ :th poor work
send to SPAULDING'S Pioneer Carpet-
: :.ting Works, 353-57 Tehama St.; tel. S. 40.
CARPETS cleaned, reno- like new. J.
McQUEEN, 453 Stevenson St.; tel. S. 228.
CARPETS cleaned at 3c per yard; rflaid at 30.
STRATTON. 3 Eighth St.; tel. Jessie 944.
GREAT Eastern .. 'am Carpet - Cleaning
Works, 14 Bth St. B. GRANT, tel. Jeasle 201.
J E. MITCHELL C: net-Cleaning Co.. 2-n 14th
Bt. ; cleaning 3c a yard; tel. Mission 74.
J WATTS, reliable carpet-cleaning, renovat-
ing, alteration ;wks, 413 McAllister; Jessie 821.
ADVANCE Carpet. Cleaning Co.. 402 Sutter;
tel. Main 394. GEO. WALCOM. Proprietor.
CONKLIN'S Carpet-Beating Works, 833 Golden
< Gate aye.; tel. East 120.
~TYPICM HITEHS. y
TO exchange— 12-gauge La . Fevre hammer -
less shotgun for a No. 2 Smith Premier cr
Hartford . typewriter. Address box 23 id, Call.
ALL typewriters sold j and 1 snted; few partly
used for ■ sale ■ cheap : l send s for samples . and
prices. ALEXANDER & CO.; 110 Montgomery
THE SAN FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
HOISES TO LET.
$25— SUNNY house, 7 rooms, bath and laundry;
yards for flowers. DEMPSTER, 36 Glen
Park aye., off Twelfth et.
ALL OVER TOWN ■ — -— "''  "
You see houses to rent by BALDWIN &
HOWELL. 10 Montgomery.
ELEGANT 8-room houses: Sixth aye.. bet. Cal-
ifornia and Lake; prices will surprise you.
MARCUPE & ROMMEL. 62" Market st.
FURNISHED HOUSES TO LET^
ASH BURY, 21C— Sunny, nicely furnished house,
8 rooms; bath; piano.
BIRCH aye.. 5. off Larkin st., near Grove-
Four rooms and bath; nicely furnished^
ELEGANTLY furnished sunny cottage; 6 rooms
and bath; 1111 Scott St.; rent reduced; can be
seen from 10 to 12; furniture for sale. Box
1579, Call.
FURNISHED cottage, four rooms; bath: yard:
3524 Nineteenth st. Inquire LMBSEN St.
CO. ; -rent $15^ •
FURNISHED modern house, 9 rooms, near
park; rent $60. Box 1532, Call office.
TAYLOR. 810— Completely furnished sunny
house. 10 rooms and buth. Call bet. 1:30 and
4 p. m. ______________
FURNISHED HOUSE IN PIEDMONT.
FOR RENT— For two, three or four months;
nicely furnished; all complete for housekeep-
ing: Including piano; also stable; grounds
cared for by the owner; will rent to small
family for $30 per month. Apply or address
JAS. S. NAISMITH. owner, 464 Ninth St., Oak-
land. Choicest location.
COTTAGES TO LET.
ARMY, NBA— Sunny cottage 5 rooms, base-
ment; rent $8; rear cottage.
$7— SUNNY bay-window cottage 5 rooms near
34th and Mission. Apply 64 Silver St., off 3d.
BUNNY cottages of 4 _nd 5 rooms, bath, base-
ment, yard, cheap. 1576 15th st.. near Dolores.
FLATS TO LET.
A SNAP— Lower flut 2160 Fifteenth St., near
Noe: modern 5 rooms, bath and basement;
sunny side; rent $16.
A — We want at once 200 tenants; we will make
special Inducements; 10 to 30 days free rent;
flats from $7 to $35; all our flats are reduocd;
get list. SPECK & CO.. 602 Market st.
BUSH. 1211Vi— Flat of 3 rooms; g-ia; rent $13;
v. liter free. Apply 1211 Bush St.
CHEAPEST flats In the city; 6 and 7 rooms
and bath; rent $18 and $20; Capp St., bet. 22d
and Md. Apply MADISON & BURKE.
CHENERYT 92, near Thirtieth— Nice flats; 5
rooms and bath, $12; 4 rooms and bath, $10.
DORE, US— Sunny flat of 4 rooms; furniture for
Bale or to rent; rent $8. Bet. Bryant and
Brannan.
EIGHTH, 310%— S rooms, nice order; $9.
ELEGANT new flats, nearly ready; flne loca-
tion; light and sunny; beautiful view.
Buchanan St., bet. Oak and Page.
FLAT, sunny 6 rooms. $14; also cottage, sunny
4 rooms. $10. Key 6!3 2d St., near Townsend.
GEARY, 2263— New flats, 4 and 5 rooms; bath;
$15 and $18.
HOWARD. 539— Sunny flat of 6 rooms; rent re-
duced; $14.
MOSS. 305— Large rooms; bath; key at grocery,
Howard and Moss sts., near Seventh.
Xl i'.LY furnished flat; 5 rooms and bath. Ap-
riy in Liberty _t.
NINETEENTH, 3954, corner Noe— Lovely sunny
lower modern 4-room flat; $14; water free.
POND, 47, off Sixteenth, half a block from
Market; upper modern Bunny 6-room flat;
H5; water free.
BUNNY flat 4 rooms and bath: $10. Inquire 1112
Castro st.
SULLIVAN. 221, near Stanyan— s rooms and
bath: water free: rent $14.
THIRTEENTH, 531— Sunny flat: rent cheap;
6 rooms; bath; car Market; apply pr-inises.
ELEGANT lower flat: Just completed; beauti-
fully tinted; newest Improvements; 6 rooms;
three bay-windows. Bhrader at., near Waller.
4 AND 1 room Bats on Twelfth st. and Glen
Park aye., $13, $14, $15. $18 and $23 SO. DEMP-
STER, 36 Glen Park aye., oft Twelfth st.
$9— FLAT of 4 sunny rooms, for a small
family. 1025 Minna st.. bet. 11th and 12th.
$11— NICE sunny flat. 28 Cedar aye., near Lar-
kin .ft.
$20—2 NEW, modern sunny flats. 5 choice
rooms; porcelain baths, etc. 1706 Hyde St.
A WEEK'S news for 6 cents— Th* Weekly
Call. In wrapper, for mailing.
FURNISHED FLATS.
MODERN sunny upper furnished flat. 6 rooms;
references. Apply. O. H. UMBSEN & CO.
ROOMS FOR HOUSEKEEPING. '^i /y
WANTED to buy or rent a silver plating
plant; also good plates. Address G. S.
MONTGOMERY. 218 McAllister st.
AT 52 Second st., nice clean light housekeeping,
single and double rooms, $1 week up.
BURCH aye., 615. between Laguna and . Bu-
chanan stß.— 2 rooms and kitchen, $6 month.
EDDY, 917— Very pleasant, nicely furnished
houeekpg rooms; gas range; splendid location.
ELEVENTH, 120—2 sunny unfuiaishod houso-
keeping rooms In upper flat; $3.
FIFTH, 314—2 sunny front connecting house-
kpng. rooms; bath; stove; closet: private; $10.
FIFTH. 325—2 furnished parlors, kitchen, bath,
$21; also single room. $5.
FIFTH. Suite of rooms furnished for
housekeeping; rent cheap.
FIFTH, 149*4 — Nice sunny front rooms and
kitchens furnished for housekeeping;, $10.
FOURTH, — 1 or 2 sunny ' rooms, complete
for housekeeping. $8 to $12 mo.; single rooms.
FULTON, 41— Comfortably furnished front
room and kitchen; $12 month; private family.
GOLDEN GATE, 730— Nice furnished house-
keeping rooms, $10 to $15. - • •
GROVE, 608— Furnished front room; private
family; no children; rent reasonable.
HOWARD, &04— Sunny corner suite of house-
kpg rooms; second floor; bath; gas; cheap.
HOWARD, 530— Housekeeping rooms.
HOWARD, — Two large rooms furnished,
housekeeping, $10; single rooms, $1 per week.
HOWARD, 8198 (The Hanover)— Sunny house-
keeping suite's; from $8 to $10 per month.
HOWARD, S2l— One or two rooms complete for
housekeeping, $7 and $10 month.
HYDE, 511— Nice sunny front room, furnished
' for housekeeping; running water; yard; $10.
LARKIN, Newly furnished housekeeping
room, with gas stove; also single room.
MARKET. Three rooms, furnished com-
plete, $10; call evenings. •
MISSION, Completely furnished, clean.
sunny front housekeeping rooms; gae; bath.
MISSION, Sunny connecting front suite,
2 or 3 rooms, complete housekpg; gas; water.
O'FAJFtREI_, 923— Nice furnished basement,
kitchen and sunny yard, cheap. ■ ■
SIXTH, 132— Sunny suite; nice furniture.; run-
ning water, gas; housekpg privileges; $12 mo.
SUITE of two nice front sunny rooms; com-
plete for housekeeping; folding bed In kitch-
en; bedroom suit to match In bedroom; fur-
niture all new; $3 per week; suitable for 4 or
6 persons. Apply at shoe store, 562 Mission
St., between First and Second.
SUNNY front double room; also houcekeep-
ing; $6 and $7 per month. 549V4 Minna st.
SUTTER, 2620 — Sunny unfurnished parlors;
kitchen, laundry; use of bath; yard.
THIRD, 309 — Furnished rooms complete for
housekeeping, from $7 to $10 a suite; single $5.
TWELFTH, 12, near Market— 3 unfurnished
rooms for housekeeping; rent $7.
TURK. 405— Nicely furnished housekeeping
rooms; cheap; bath.
y
TURK, 530— Furnished rooms t ■ housekeeping.
TURK, 643— Nicely furnished rooms for house-
keeping; gas and bath; rent $14 and^JlS^
VAN NESS aye., 1021— Sunny .front suite, 3
rooms and kitchen; gas range; piano.
WILLOW aye., 30, off Larkin, nr. Eddy— l or 2
sunny furnished front housekeeping rooms;
teal or gas stove: bath: reasonable.
OAKLAND HOUSEKEEPING ROOMS.
HARRISON, 860—3 well furnished sunny
housekeeping rooms, ground floor, with yard.
TO Let— B furnished rooms for housekeeping;
nice neighborhood. Apply 1420 Castro st.
ROOMS TO LET.
APARTMENTS; quiet, homelike: reasonable:
Com. Transfer Co., 22 Stockton st. Trunks
moved to any part of city. XSc; phone. Main 49.
ARLINGTON House. 127 Kearny St.— Pleasant
sunny rooms, en suite and single; first-class
in ever}' respect; terms reasonable.
AT 242 Stockton, sunny rooms, pretty view,
quiet house: baths, gas; very reasonable.
AT Hyde 609; Sutter, 715-717-719— Furnished and
unfurnished! choice arid sunny; reasonable.
BOHEMIA. 239 Post— New elegantly furnished
row.) gentlemen, families; elevator, transient.
ROOMS TO LET— Continued.
CALIFORNIA, 2407 In the coal yard— 6 fur-
nished rooms and 3 unfurnished.
DELAWARE^ 1151 Market— Furnished u!ngl»
and double rooms. $S and 110 mo. ; nice suites.
EDDY. 113— Neat sunny single room for gen-
tleman; $0^
EDDY 212 (The Lexington)— Rooms per night.
60c to $1: week. $2 to $6: families.
EDDY, 604— Single or en suite; Bunny bay-win-
dow rooms; bath, gas. piano; kitchen optional.
EDDY, 614— Large handsomely furnished room;
closets, running wuter, bath; also small room,
$6 to $10^
EDDY, 761— Large sunny front room, $3.
ELLIS, 418 (Grand Carnot)— First-class sunny
rooms and suites for gents. $1 50 to IS week.
ELLIS, 432 Nicely furnished front and back
single rooms, $6 and $8 a month; bath; gas.
ELLIS 639, corner Larkin— Sunny front room;
mantel; folding bed ; gentlemen preferred.
FIFTH, 107 — Pleasant sunny unfurnished
rooms to let^
GEARY, 556, formerly 618— Large sunny front
rooms; suites and single; also light housekpg.
GEARY. 774— A large sunny suite, nicely fur-
nished, In a n>!!n-ii private family.
GLOBE House S2l Howard- Per night, 25c to
$1; week, $1 to $4; reading-room; Howard cars.
GOLDEN OATSJ, *T— Connecting suite, 2
closets, running water; also single rooms;
housekeeping. _,
GOLDEN GATE, 523— Newly furnished single
and double rooms; private family; reasonable.
HANCOCK HOUSE. 781 Mission: «elect family
rooming house; $1 50 to $6 per week.
HOWARD. 715. ST. DAVID'S — 200 rooms:
suites; single; sunny reading room; 25c up.
HOWARD, 1217H— Furnished room for 1 or 2
gentlemen; private family.
MASON. 18 (Silver State)— Elegantly furnished
rooms, single by the week, $1 60 to $3; suites.
$4 to $6; baths; hot water; transient; elevator.
McALLISTKR. 511— Nicely furnished sunny
back parlor, suitable for 2; $7 per month.
MINNA, 103 H. between Eleventh and Twelfth-
Large sunny front room, furnished; also sin-
gle rooms and bath.
NICE sunny furnished room; pri-a'.e family:
use of parlor, bath, piano, telephone; suitn.-
ble for two; California St.; central; walking
distance; $10. Box 2250. Call DfHeg.
O'FARRELL. Wr-New management, new fur-
niture; elegantly furnished sunny suites and
single rooms; bath and gas; rent reasonable.
OTARRKLL, 126 -Sunny furnished single and
double room; private family; bath.
O'FARRELL, 210 A— Sunny bay-window front
room, $12; other rooms, $8 and $10.
O'FARRELL, 327— Handsomely furnished front
room; also single rooms, $0 month up.
O'FARRKLL, 5?5M:— Nicely furnished front
rooms. $7 to $10. ,
OFARRELL, 770— Handsome sunny suite of
parlors; running water; grate; bath; gas;
private family^
POST 622— Sunny suite or single rooms; first-
class In every respect. MRS. M. SCHULZ.
POWELL, 612— Sunny front room; newly fur-
nished; gas; bath.
POWELL, 147, and 211 O'Farrell— Nice fur-
nished rooms by day. week or month.
SEVENTH, 160— One large unfurnished front
room, with gag; rent $10.
SEVENTH, 553—4 unfurnished sunny rooms;
$10.
_ — .
SHERMAN Apartment House. 2S Eighth St..
near Market: furnished nnd unfurnished.
TAYLOR. 109 — "sle rooms $1 and $1 50 week;
large sunny room 12 week.
ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT punny rooms; new house; new fur-
r.lture: also first-class meals; healthiest part
of San Francisco. The Sirlus, 1505 Stockton.
FULTON, 1*33 (The Mizpah)— A quiM family
hotel; modern sunny rooms, single and ea
Euite; exceptional table: terms reasonable.
FOI.POM, 511— Swedish private boarding, with
room, $4 to $5 per week; nice location.
HYDE. 110R (The Victoria)— Elegant rooms;
good board: nice location; new management.
HYDE, 408— Double and single rooms; first-
class board; Spanish; $36 a month up.
HYDE. '-' Sunny rooms; good board; pretty
grounds; select location. Mrs. Brotherton.
PlNE, 743— Sunny Blngle rooms; excellent board;
$20 i»er month.
SOUTH PARK. 159— Good table >oard, $3 per
week; with nice sunny front :00m, $4 Week.
SUTTER, 1128— Sunn>; suite; single rooms: first-
class board; large grounds. Mrs. W. F. Evans.
THE Longworth, 532 Geary— Remodeled ; ele-
gantly furnished; good board; choice location.
VAN NESS aye, $*>?— Beautiful sunny rooms;
modern; newly furnished; with board.
ELEVENTH. 106— Branch office of Th« Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
CHILDREN HOARDED.
LADY'wishes children U> board. 1120 Chestnut
St., Alameda.
LADY would like a child to board; a mother's
care. 12S'4 Ninth st.
WIDOW would like 2 children to board; near
school. 51 Clara st.
WANTED, by a German widow, a child to
board; healthy locality and best of care. Ad-
dress box 1725, Call Office.
AN elderly lady will take infants to board: a
mother's car": refpren^s. IMU, Sixth »t.
STORES TO LET.
FINE corner store, formerly occupied by a
drug store. 2!W4 Twenty-fourth st.
FINE corner grocery to let, with fixtures;
northwest corner Post and Lyon sts. ; rent
cheap. Apply 340 Kearny st.
MEDICAL.
ALL Ladles— C only Dr. and Mrs. M. Davlea,
true friends of all invalids, men and women;
60 years' practice; safe and quick cure guar-
anteed; any disease or Irregularity; disgrace
avoided; kind sympathy and aid; sure relief,
though else fail; delicacy, privacy, home,
etc.; babies adopted; travelers treated; no
delay; self-cure sent; call or write; free; con-
fidential. MRS. M. DAVIKS, 59 McAllister
Bt.: pills, $1: very strong, $2; cure, $5.
ALL of Dr. Foulefs capsules are guaranteed
absoluto cure lor all female diseases; posi-
tively safe and sure; no danger or after ef-
fects- taken in time It also acts as a pre-
ventive; price $1 50 per box, sent free by
mall on receipt of price: consultation on all
eneclal diseases free. WALLER BROS., 33
Grant aye.. S. F. A Caution— Before pur-
chasing elsewhere write us.
A TREATMENT that restores all cases of
monthly Irregularities (from whatever cause)
in a few hours: safe and sure at all times
when others have failed; no instruments used;
home in confinement; pills and capsules, $1:
every ease guaranteed; consultation free and
confidential; hours 10 to 6 and 7 to 8. MRS.
DR. WYETH, 208 Turk St., near Jones.
A SURE, safe and speedy cure for all female
diseases; a home In confinement, with best
possible care; with privacy of home and con-
venience of a hospital; those sick or discour-
aged call on the doctor and state their case:
they will find In her a true friend. MRS.
DR. GWYER. 226 Turk st.
SURE cure, when others fall; no medicine or
instruments; every woman her own physi-
cian for female troubles, no matter what
cause; restore In 1 day; never fails: consulta-
tion free; can be sent and used at home. DR.
POPPER, 31S Kearny; orders by telegram.
SUFFERKR9 from skin diseases who may con-
sider their cases incurable are Invited to send
address to undersienc-d at once; free treat-
ment; board, lodging, baths, etc.. If selected.
Address box 107, Call Office.
A TREATMENT that restores Instantly all
cases of monthly irregularities (from what-
ever cause); no instruments used; cure at
office, $5- consultation free: hours 10 to 5.
& 7 to 8. DR. and MRS. KOHL, 1122 Market.
A BOON to wives and mothers — Seguro; pries
$1 50. RICHARDS & CO., 406 Clay st. j send
2c stamp for particulars to Seguro Manu-
facturing Co., 531 X st., Sacramento, Cal.
ALPEAU'S French pills, a boon to ladles with
female troubles; no danger; safe cure; $2 50;
express C. O. D. ; don t delay until too late.
OSGOOD BROS., Coast Agents. Oakland. Cal
ELECTRICAL treatments; cures all monthly
Irregularities; no medicine: no pain; lady at-
tendant; hours 9-4. 7-S. 2208% Mission st.
DRS. DONOVAN, 1306 Folsom st., takes ladles
at her home In their confinement; terms mod-
erate and everything strictly confidential.
DR. HALL. E9 McAllister st.; diseases of wo-
men and children^
LADIES— Mrs. Dr. Puetx; Infallible, safe rem-
edies: 38 years' experience. 254% Fourth st.
HOME In confinement; diseases of women.
MRS. DR. FUNKE. _!«__»__ st.. Alameda.
ELEVENTH, 106— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and want ads taken.
and best In America— The Weekly
Coll Sent to any address In the Ui.ited
Ptattg or Canada one_year_ for *1 ',0. postage
|BWIN6 MACHINES.
$2 MONTHLY— Rented, repaired, bought, sold;
machine supplies. 145 Sixtli St.; phone Mint 45.
ALL kinds bought, sold, exchanged, rented;
repairing: lowest rates. 205 Fourth st.
§16~LARKIN— Branch office of the"call. Sub-
scriptions and want ads taken.
' CITY RE All ESTATE.
COTTAGE. 5 rooms, bath and all the latest
improvements; terms to suit; lot 26:3x100.
• Apply at premises, 2527 Harrison St.. bet.
; 21st and 22<1. "
COTTAGE 4 rooms and bath for sale. 9
Couvler St.. near old St. Mary's College.
PROPERTY TO EXCHANGE. ) -.
TO exchange or for sale— 3 Oakland restaurants
and ranch at Walnut Creek; also city flats for
• large piece cf San Francisco property. Apply
111 Liberty st. ?
PROPERTY WANTED.
WANTED— To rent small ranch suitable for
raising poultry. Address box 1529. Call office.
PERSONALS. ,
WILL pay liberal commission for position va-
cated by party leaving with army. F. T.
SMITH. 1539 Fountain St., Alameda.
MARY E. COLLIER, who lived in San Fran-
' cisco in 1564-66. or her next of kin, will re-
• ceive valuable information on communicating
with OSCAR T. SHUCK, attorney for absent
I heirs, 509 Kearny st., San Francisco. '•■■ ■
'HOUSES underpinned with brick or wood;
carpenter work of all kinds; get m esti-
; mates. Call or address B. R. ALBERTSON.
■ 1353 Howard st. --.'-■'• ." , : '
BUSINESS 1-ERSONAI.S.
I WAS the first hairdresser in San Francisco
■ to charge only 23c for hairdressin* ; good
: switches, $1; best, finest quality, $3 50; extra
heavy, Jong, $5. Open Sundays from 9 to 12.
G. LEDERER, 111 Stockton st.
USE Quinonia Hair Tonic; 'twill save it. G.
; LEDERER. 111 Stockton st.
ELECTRIC lights In every room; Winchester
House, 44 Third St.. nr. Market: 200 rooms,
• 25c to $1 50 per night; $1 50 to $6 per week;
free bus and baggage to and from the ferry.
CLOAKS and fine tailor-made suits to order
•■ at wholesale figures. 20'Sansome st.
SUITS to order on easy installments. L.
LEMOS, 1117 Market St.. bet. 7th and Sth.
CHEAPEST and best In America— Weekly
Call. Sent to any address In the United
States or Canada one year for $1 50. postage
free. / ■ -
DRESSMAKERS.
MME. GOLDSTEIN— EIegant, stylish dresses,
$5 up; dresses made over. 6 Eddy St., rm. 86.
SAN FRANCISCO Ladies' French Tailoring
College, 916 Market St.
CLAIRVOYANTS.
MRS. DR. F. CLARK, the distinguished trance
clairvoyant and medium; while entranced she
will reveal every hidden ir-stery in life; she
will show you how to overcome your enemies,
remove family '-oubles, restore lost aftec-
ttoiw; imltfs 'the separate, recovers lost,
stolen or buried —^perty; locates treasures,
minerals; tells your entire life, past, present
and future, while in a perfect trance. Hours
10 a m. to 5 p. m.; perfect satisfaction guar-
anteed by mail. Send stamp for circular with
Bpeclal terms. MRS. DR. F. CLARK, rooms
25 and 26, 1206 Mar -et at., opposite Sixth.
MME. HANSON arrived; palmist; card-reader;
past, present and future; 25c. 14S Sixth St.,
room 10.
XrRIVED— Prof. Blshcn. walking medium:
tells your life from cradle to grave. 27^- 4th.
Y'iK future told by cards; ladies, 10c; gents,
221 Sixth st.
GYPSY life reader gives correct answers to all
questions; L.. 2">c: G., 50c; no sign. 3 7th st.
MME. LKNKMAR— Fortunes told by planets:
predicted "74" overdue str. 23% Sixth, rm. 6.
MME. LE NORMANDE, reliable clairvoyant,
card reader, magnetic treatment. 401 Lea vn wth.
VMF. MOREAU. bt-st medium and card-
reader; 25c -up; German spoken. 73 Fourth st-
fJME. SYRILLE, cradle to grave; future hus-
band's picture. 25c; ladies. 914 O'Farrell at.
MME. RAVEN A reads ltfe fluently: business
advice; names given: 250 up. 6 Fourth St.
MRS. DR. ANNA THOMAS— First in ncr pro-
fession: never falls: advice; .ielp. 929 Post.
MARKET, 4— Branch office of The Call: want
ads and subscriptions taken.
SPIRITI AI-ISM.
MR. J. BEHOKROT, prof, of chiromancy, will
translate what Providence hns printed in your
hands, tell the vocation of your children and
the secret of producing your Choice of sex.
Hours 8 a.m. to 7 p.m. 611 Stockton. $1 and up.
MRS SHRINER. clairvoyant for business and
spiritual sittings. 120 McAllister, hours 10-4.
MRS. SHAFFER, test and business medium;
sittings daily. 123H Sixth St., room 2.
MRS. ELLIS, medium. 233 Valencia at. ; read-
Ings Jl; clr. Tues.. Frl.. 2 p. m. : Sat., 8; ?sc.
MRS. J. J. WHITNEY, trnnce test medium.
!32 Stockton st. : old No. 21S.
m 7 FRANCES, Independent slate-wrttln* me-
dium. 11R Halght st.
HYPNOTISM
CAL. Institute. 4<i2 1 £ Geary; hypnotism taught;
diplomas Issued: diseases ami habits cured.
EDITATIOXAU
HEALD'S Business College, 24 PoFt. Book-
keeping, business practice, shorthand, typ-
ing, telegraphy, languages, English branch-
es; ' electrical, civil and mining engineering;
surveying, assaying, etc.: 20 teachers; 1100
graduates placed since 1892; catalogue.
AYRES' Business College, 723 Market St.;
Individual instruction in shorthand, typing,
bookkeeping, telegraphy, etc.; life scholar-
ship. $50: low rates per week and month.
UNIVERSITY coach— Newel Perry, Ph. 8.. Fel-
low in Mathematics, U. C, 240,7 S. Atherton,
nr. Channlng way. Berkeley; write for clrculr.
ENGINEERING School: civil, electrical, min-
ing mech. survey, assay, archit.; day & eve.:
est.' 1864. VAN DER NAILLEN. 933 M..rkf>t.
ENGLISH, Latin, mathematics, literature, a
specialty: hours 8 a. m. to 12 m.. and even-
ings. MISS ROULSTON, 776 O'Farrell st.
BOOKKEEPING and rapid calculations; a
course In Tarr's counting-room makes you
thorough. Room 572, 855 Market st.
SHORTHAND; to write 100 words a minute;
taught in one month; terms $10. 712 Van Ness.
VOICE curfure. piano. Paris graduate: French.
Spanish: new classes: $2 mo. 109 Taylor st.
THE Lyceum (accredited) prepares for the uni-
versity, law and medical colleges. Phelan bag.
MONTGOMERY. 627. cor. Clay— Open until 9:30
o'clock; branch office of The Call. Subscrtp- j
tlons and want ads tnkon.
DENTISTS.
A~ FULL set of teeth, J5; see new flexible
plates; light and thin; warranted ten years;
teeth without plates, crown and bridge work
our specialty; fillings. COo; crowns, $3 BO; all
work painless and warranted. Chicago Den-
tal Parlors, 34 Sixth st. ; telephone Jessie 1132.
NEW YORK dentists; painless extraction;
teeth, per set, »5 up; gold filling. 75c up; sil-
ver, 25c up; old plates made over. $1 up; all
work warranted; open evenlnss and Sundays.
969 Mission St.. oor. Sixth, and 371 Hayes st. |
DR LUDLUM HILL, 1443 Market st. nr. 11th;
no charee for extracting when plates are
made; old plates made over like new; teeth
from tS per set; extracting 60c; gas given.
DR GEORGE W. LEEK, genuine Leek dent-
ist, discoverer of painless extraction and
patentee of Improved bridge work or teeth
without plate, moved from 6 to 20 O'Farrell.
VAN VROOM Electro Dental Parlors; full set
of teeth, *5 up; fillings, 26c up; all work
painless and guaranteed to stand; open even-
Ings. 997 Market St.. corner Sixth.
OHIO Dental Parlors, 819 Market, Academy of
Sciences bldg., sth floor; painless dentistry.
L <V TEAQUE. A. CANE and F. TEAGUE,
removed to Call bldg., 6th floor, rms. 603-607.
ALL ~vrork reasonable and warranted. DR. J.
W. KEY, 1320 Market st.
SET of teeth without a plate. DR. H. C.
YOUNG. 1841 Polk at.
615 LARKIN ST.— Branch office of The Call.
Subscriptions nnd want ads taken.
PROPOSALS.
PROPOSALS for military supplies— 36 New
Montgomery St., San Francisco, Cal.. May 6,
1898 Sealed propOMlS, in t.. plicate, will be
received here until 11 o'clix-k a. m., May 17.
1898 and then opened, for furnishing- this
depot for supply of Stationery, Ash Harrela,
Stove Furniture, Carpet. Office Chairs. Clocks.
Buzzacott Ovens, Pack-saddle Blankets. Sad-
dlery Hardware, Packing Ooxes, Pipe Fit-
tings Lamp Chimneys. Axle Grease, Oils,
Leather Horse and Mule Shoes and Nails.
Rope Soap. Zinc and other miscellaneous stores.
Preference will be civen to articles of do-
mestic production and manufacture, condi-
tions of price and quality betng eyual (In-
cluding In the price of foreign productions
and manufactures the duty thereon), and
euch preference given to articles of American
production and manufacture produced on the
Paoiflc Coast to the extent of the consump-
tion required by the public service there.
The United States reserves the right to ac-
cept or reject any or uil proposals or any
Dart thereof. Proposals for delivery at
other points will bo entertained. Delivery «o
commence before July Ist next. Information
furnished on application. Envelopes will be
endorsed •■Proposals for Supplies, No. 11. i.
and addressed OSCAR F. LONG. Assistant
Quartermaster. U. S. Army, in charge of
Depot.
FURNITURE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE of a 5-room flat for sale at 606^
Elizabeth st.
GOOD furniture of « roome for sale at a bar-
gain. Address box 1513. Call office.
COTTNTRY REAL ESTATE.
FOR sale- 500 acres choice grain and dairy
farm, well suited for apple, prune and pear
orchard; 2\j miles from Petaluma, Sonoma
County; Improvements, dwelling, barn, out-
houses; cross fenced: well watered: heavy
grain, hay and grass crops, even this year
of drouth; terms reasonable. Apply to WIL-
FRED PAGE, 302 California St., room 11.
MENLO Park. 10 acres; large oaks; close to
station; quick sale for $2750. Box 2379. Call.
WRITE for list; good land. $10 and $20 an acre.
M. GRIFFIN. Cottonwood. Shasta Co.. CaL
A WEEK'S news for 5 cents— The Weekly
Call, in wrapper, for mailing.
LARKSPUR REAL ESTATE.
BEAUTIFUL HOMES IN LARKSPUR
Villa lots ard acreaee; easy terms: 4s minutes
frcm the city: cottages for rent. AMERICAN
LAND TRUST PP.. 132 Market st.
OAKLAND ADVERTISEMENTS.
OFFICE— 9OB BROADWAY.
OAKLAND REAL ESTATE.
FOR SALE— In Oakland, Just completed, mod-
ern In design and arrangement, 2-story, 7-
ro<>m house; 3 minutes from local station: lot
40x12.-,; surroundings the best; a bargain;
terms to suit purchaser. HERON & HOL-
COMR, 1060 Broadway, Oakland.
OAKLAND ROOMS AND BOARD.
ELEGANT sunny suite; hot and cold water;
vacant May Ist. THE LORNE. 562 Eighth st.
FIFTEENTH. 726— Pleasant sunny front rooms,
with board: private; large ynrd.
OAKLAND FIRNITIRE FOR SALE.
FURNITURE and household goods this week.
SCHELLHAAS' old store. 40S Eleventh St.
ALyiEDATDVERTISEMENTS.
ALAMEDA REAL ESTATE.
SNAP— New house and bath; lot 50x150; good
location; r> minutes' walk from station. Ap-
ply to owner, IHI2 Chapin St.
1750 — Lot 50x270; modern cottage 5 rooms, near
Echoolhouse.
$l?oo— Sacrifice: corner lot 35x140; good house ot
6 rooms and one of 4 rooms.
$1600— Lot 50x150: fine cottage of 7 room* and
bath: near Chestnut station.
$2850— $150 cash: $25 per month; lot 40x160: only
2 blocks from station and Mffn school.
$3750 — New house of 7 rooms and bath: lot
42x150; choice location; very easy terms.
Houses to let In all parts of Alameda.
H P MOREAL & CO.. 1432 Park at.
alajAda houses.
WEKER. 1375, near Encinal station— Sunny
modern 7-room house, furnished or unfur-
nlshed; marine view.
ALAMEDA ROOMS.
FTRNIPHED rooms in private family. 2154
Pacific nve., Alnmeda.
BERKELEY REAL ESTATE.
f]2' n — A VERY great bargain: house and lot;
Improvements cost JK00: easy terms. JOS.
J. MASON, Real Estate, Berkeley station.
ISM BACH— B 1 '»s fronting on Grove St.: street
work all done; cars pass the door: an unheard
of barcaln. JOS. .. MASON, Real Estate.
Berkeley station. _^^
NEW house of 8 rooms in Berkeley; cheap. la-
quire 25S Fourth, corner Folsom.
>iom:y to loan.
LOANS on furniture or pianos in S. F., Oak-
land or Alameda. at lowest rates, without
removal: no commissions: no delays. J.
NOON AN. 1017 to 1023 Mission, above Sixth;
tel. South 14.
ANY amount at B*4 per cent on real estate: 2d
and Sd mortKages, estates, real estate In pro-
bate, furniture without removal. R. Mc-
COLGAN, 24 Montgomery st.. room 3.
$5 UP to any amount on indorsed paper,
pianos, furniture or Jewelry, all business
Ftrlctly confidential: private offices. M. E.
POUOAN & CO., 280 Kearny St.. upstairs.
HIGHLY resyectable and private place to ob-
■ tain liberal advances on diamonds and Jew-
elry at the lowest rates. Baldwin Jewelry
Store. MS Market St.; tel. Green 204.
ON furniture, pianos; city or Oakland^ no re-
moval; low rates: no commission; $25 up;
private party. BONXELLI, 130 Powell st.
REAL estate, furniture or pianos, any amount:
lowest rates. Becker & Co., 328 Montgomery.
QUICK on furniture, pianos; no removal; no
eommls. ; low interest. Rra. 68, 1170 Market.
ANY sum. Ist or 2d mortgages, estates in pro-
bate, etc. Room 7, 508 California st.
$50 TO J30.000: lowest rates; Ist and 2d mortg. ;
any proposition. Dryden. 413 Montgomery st.
CITY and country: any sum: Ist and 2d mort-
gages, estates, etc. MURPHY. 628 Market st.
ON pianos, furniture; no removal; lowest
rates; no com.: private. 116 McAllister st.
ELEVENTH. 106— Rranch office of The Call.
Subscriptions and ads taken.
- FINANCIAL.
LOANS en real estate, .bonds, etc.; lowest'
rates. McAFEE BROS.. 108 Montgomery st.
; PAWNBROKERS.
B WISE and borrow ' from the Cut Rate Loan
Office. 22 Mason st. bet. Market and Eddy.
MARRIAGE LICENSES.
The following couples were granted marriage
i licenses yesterday: - '£. j--if-
Walter H. Fearn and Ma E. Neal 39-36
Henry J. Pearce and Margaret T. O'Mara. .3o-37
John*F. • Kaeting and Martha G1e5e1...... 32-21
Charles Berman and Mary Joseph.... 34-2$
~ BIRTHS— MARRIAGES— DEATHS.
Birth, marriage and .death notices sent by
mail will not be Inserted. They must be
handed in at either of the publication offices
and be indorsed with the name and residence
of persons .authorized to have the same pub*
llshed. ■ /^/-vs
BORN. ~'.
GAGE— In San Jose, May 4, IS9B, to the wife
of A. C. Gage, a daughter.
MURRAY— In Redwood City, May 1, 1898. to
the wife of Mr. Murray, a daughter.
O'BEIRNE— In Oakland May 4, 189S, to the wife
of it. H. O'Beirne (nee Elsfelder), a son.
WHITE— In Redwood City, May 1, 1898, to the
wife of Mr. White, a eon.
~ MARRIED.-
CAREY— STROMBERG— May 5. 1898, C. J.
Carey and Bertha Stromberg. ,
LEVY— WOLFF— In Oakland. May 1. IS9S, by
the Rev. Dr. Friedlander, Joseph Levy of
Lakeport and Cella Wolff of Oakland.
MULHOLLAND— REYNOLDS —In this city,
April 5, 1898, by the Rev. F. R. Farrand, John
Mulholland and Lucy A. Reynolds, both of
San Francisco.
OLTMANN— CHAMPION— this city. April
' 26, 1898, by the Rev. H. E. Cooke, Edwin H.
Oltmann and Laura A. Champion. •
MULLEN— In this city. May 5. 1898,
Aubrey Taylor # and Sarah Mullen.
___ ______
DIED.
Acker, Fred A. . Kenny, Margaret
' Beard, James F. Kidney, James
Bouquet, John J. Loughran, ; Thomas
Brown. Edna V. MacSorley, Rev. Dr.
: Buekman, John F. Moran, Catherine
Burns, Mary E. Moriarty, Mary A.
Collins, Patrick Murphy, Mrs. Mary
Conboy, Sarah Musgrave, Constantla
Crane, Levl Ohnimus, Louis
' Ducket t. Edward ■ ■ \ Olson, , Kate • .
Ennis, Gertrude ' Orr, Catherine C.
Flannery, Thomas J. Riddell, —
Frost, Adeline W. Schenone, Giuseppe
Glnnocnio, Aloysla Small, Mrs. S. R. •
Grover, Willard T. Sullivan. Hannah
Hannlgan. John Thackeray, William
Hartz. Carl H. Thompson, Andrew
Jacobs, George D. Wohltmann, Claus
Johnson, Theodore Worth, William H.
Jorgensen, Martha . \
ACKER— In Salinas. Cal., May 4. IS9S. Fred
A. Acker, son of Annie McDougall, a na-
tive of ?an Franicsoc, aged 34 years.
ICT Funeral private, from the parlors of the
California Undertaking Company, 123 Stock-
ton street, corner of Geary, at 11 o'clock.
BEARI>— In San Jose, May 4, 1898, James F.
Beard, a native of Tennessee, aged 33 years.
BOUWirET— In this city, May 6, 1898. John
Jules, beloved husband of Virginia Bouquet,
a native of France, aged S4 years 11 months
and 4 days.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter.
BRf>"\VN— ln this city. May 5, 1898, Edna Violet,
infant daughter of Albert W. and Emily
Brown, a native of San Francisco, aged 9
months and 26 days.
IC^Frlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at I o'clock, from the residence
of her parents, 3.">6t5 Eighteenth street. Inter-
ment Cyprc:-s Lawn Cemetery, by electric
funeral-car from Eighteenth and Guerrero
streets.
BI'CKMAN- In Watsonville, May 2. IS9S, John
F. Buckman, a native of England, aged 32
years and 1 month.
BI'RNS-rln this city. May 6, 189S, Mary E.,
beloved wife of the late Patrick D. Hums,
and mother of Annie E., Tesnie C, Thomas
P. and Frank E. Burns and Mrs. Mary J-
Hret-n, a native of County Sligo, Ireland.
, |c?" The funeral will take place Monday,
" May 9, 1898, at 8:30 o'clock, from her late
residence. SIS Tenth street, tbenoe to St,
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at 9 o'clock. Inter-
ment private. Holy Cross, Cemetery, by 11:30
o'clock train from Third and TownsenJ
streets. Kindly omit flowers.
COLLINS— In this city. May 6, IS9S, Patrick
Collins, beloved uncle of Dennis McCarthy,
Mrs. Timothy and Mrs. James Nlan, a na-
tive of the parish of Kllmakaby, County
Cork. Ireland, a«ed 46 years.
(CTNotice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Minion street.
CONBOY— In this city. May 5. 1898, Sarah, be-
loved wife of G. C. Conboy. and mother of
Harry, Eileen, Addle and George Conboy. a
native of Ireland, aped 4<; years.
(C? Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 225 Clipper street. Interment Cypress
Lawn Cemetery.
CRANE— In San Jose, May 4, ISO 3, Lev! Crane,
aired 75 years.
DUCKETT— In this city. May 6. IS9B. Edward,
dearly beloved husband of Julia Duckett, and
father of Florence Duckett, a native of Eng-
land, aged 59 years 6 months and 8 dnys.
ENNIS— In this city. M:>y .". 1888, Gertrude,
wife of Abraham Ennls, and mother of Ira.
George and Walter Ennis, a native of Hat k-
ftnsaok. N. J., aged 60 years. (New Jersey-
papers please copy.)
(T^The funeral will take nlace to-morrow
(Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the undertaking
parlors of Halsted & Co., 946 Mission street.
FLANNERY— In this city. May S, IS9S, Thomas
Joseph, beloved son of Michael and Mary
Flannery, and beloved brother of John and
Mammle Flannery, a native of California,
aged 14 years and 2 months.
FROST— In this city. May 3, IS9B, Adeline W.
Frost, a native of Boston, Mass., aired «34
. years.
(T^The funeral will take placs this day
(Saturday), at 1:30 o'clock, from her late
residence, 1K22 Pine street. Interment strictly
private. Kindly omit flowers.
GINNOCHIO— In this city. May 4. IS9B, Aloysla
V., dearly beloved daughter of ti. and Mary
Glnncchio, and sister of Clorinda, Lillian,
Isabella, Arthur and Ethel Ginnochio, a na-
tive of San Francisco, aged 1 year 9 months
and S days.
IHTFrlendfl and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the parents'
residence, 1712 Stockton street, between Fll-
Bert and Greenwich.
GROVER— Near Byron, May 1. IS9B. Willlard
T. Grover, a native of New York, aged 71
years 3 months and 29 days.
HANNIGAN- In Oakland, May 6, IS9S. John,
beloved husband of Ellen Hannigan, and
father of the Rev. J. B. Hannigan, the late
Brother Ulplan, Sister M. Dominica and Tes-
Ble, John, Willie and Mary Hanniaran. a
native of County Sligo, Ireland, aged 64 years
and 2 months.
HARTZ— In this city. May 5, 1898, Carl Herr-
man, dearly beloved husband of Meta Hartz.
and father of Lillle and Minnie Hartz, Mrs.
O. S. Carlson. Mrs. C. Lan-en. Henry Oro-
thler, Mrs. C. Rogers and the late Louis
Orothier. a native of Charleston, S. C. aged
i:> years and 9 months.
JACOBS— In Oakland. May 5, 1898, George D.
Jncobs. a native of Illinois, aged 25 years and
2 ninths.
JOHNSON— In the City and County Hospital,
Hay 6, ISM. Theodore. Johnson, a native of
Denmark, aged 62 years.
JORGENSEN— In this city. May 6, IS9B. Martha
Jorgensen, a native of Denmark, aged 33
year.-s tj months and 3 days.
KENNY— In this city. May 6, 1898. Margaret
Kenny, beloved daughter of Ann and the late
Edward McKlttrick, and mother of James,
Louis and Henry Kenny, a native of Brook-
lyn, N. Y.
CTFrlends and pcqualntances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 7:30 o'clock, from her late resi-
dence, 143*4 Eleventh street, thence t ■ St.
Joseph's Church, where a solemn requiem
mass will be celebrated for the repose of
her soul, commencing at S o'clock. Inter-
ment Holy Cross Cemetery.
KIDXEY— In this city. May 6. IS9B. James Kid-
ney, a native of Ireland, aged 53 years.
(CTThe funeral will take place this day
(Saturday), at 1 o'clock, from the parlors .t
the United Undertakers, 27 and 29 Fifth
street.
LOUGHRAX— In this city. May 5. 1898, Thomas,
beloved husband of Marguerite Loughran.
and father of Blanche, Edward L. and Frank
P Louchran, Mrs. John J. O'Farrell and Mrs.
James W. Garneau. a native of County
Heath, Ireland, aged 02 years.
MacSOKUSY— In • this city. Rev. r>r. A. R.
MacSorley, leaving two sons and two daugh-
ter- to mourn bil toss.
MORAX— In this city. May 5, 1898, Catherine,
beloved wife of the late John Moran, and
mother of John E. and Martin F. Moran, a
native of County Kilkenny, Ireland, aged 68
years.
(r-?* Friends are respectfully Invited to. at-
tend the funeral this day (Saturday), at
8:30 o'clock, from the parlors of < 'arew &
English, 41 Van Ness avenue, thence to St.
Mary's Cathedral, Van Ness avenue andOFar-
r°ll street, where a solemn requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose of her soul,
commencing at 9 o'clock. Interment Mount
Calvary Cemetery. Please omit flowers.
MORIARTY— In this city, May 5, 1898. Mary
A beloved" daughter of Bridget and the, late
John Moriarty, and sister of Daniel Morlarty,
a native of San Francisco, aged 23 -ears and
29 days. ;
ICTFrlends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral this j day
(Saturday), at 8:30 o'clock, from her -ate resi-
dence, 22 Howard court, off Howard street,
between Fourth and. Fifth, thence to St. Pat-
■ rick's Church, where a requiem high mass
will be celebrated for the repose. of her soul,
at 9 o'clock. Interment Holy Cross Cemetery.
MURPHY— this city. May 5, 1898, Mrs. Mary
Murphy, sister of Alice and Nellie McGrath.
a native of County Waterford. Ireland, aged
30 years. _ - ■
(^"Notice of funeral hereafter. Remains
at the parlors of J. C. O'Connor & Co.. 767
Mission street. , ■'■■ ■ ■
MUSGRAVE— In this city. May 4. 1838. Con-
stantla. beloved wife of Joseph Musgrave.
daughter of Mrs. E. D. Smith, and sister of
Mrs. L. G. Delany, Mrs. A. J. Burgoyne and
Mrs. R. B. Ironside, a native of San Jose,
Cal., aged 43 years 5 months and 10 days. ■
• (C7"Frtends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral this day
(Saturday), at 2 o'clock, from the funeral
parlors of W. L. Woodrow, 117 South First
street, San Jose. Remains will be taken- to
San Jose on the 9 o'clock a. m. train from
Third and Townsend streets..
OHNIMUS— In this city, T May 6, 1898/ Louis,
beloved husband of Elizabeth, and father of
Louis J., Charles, the late' Henry. John G.
and George Ohnimus and Mrs. X. CuslcK.
a native of Baden, aged 68 years.
inyFriends and acquaintances are respect-
' fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 10 o'clock, from the parlors of
the Golden Gate Undertaking Company. 2429
' Mission street. Interment Masonic Ceme-
t ery. '-' ' - -
O C F — To the officers and. members of Em-
pire Council No. 47,. Order of Chosen Friends:
You are hereby notified to meet at 2429 Mis-
sion street, to-morrow (Sunday), at 10 clock,
for the purpose of attending the funeral oC
our, late friend. Louis Ohnimus.
ED J. SCHULER. Councilor.
JAMES JORDAN. Secretary.
OLSON-In this citr. May 6, 189$, Kate, be-
loved wife of S. Olson, a native of Scotland,
aged 52 years. ' *^v,-»
, (T^-Reniains at the parlors of J. C. O'Con-
nor & Co.. 767 Mission street. . • .
ORR— In Golden Gate. May 6r6 r 1898. Catherine
C. widow of the late William H. Orr, a na-
tive Of Belfast, Ireland, aged S6 years and 2
months.
RrDDELL— In this i city. May 6. 1898. — Rid-
dell a native of Pennsylvania, aged 40 years.
SCHEXOXE— In this city. May 6. 1898. Giu-
seppe, dearly beloved husband of Caterina
.Schenone. and father of Rosa, Monti and
Lulsa Schenone. Lydia, Nettle. TilUe and
Adolf o Schenone, a native of Genoa. Italy.
ared 51 years. funeral hereafter. Residence
(T^Xotiee of funeral hereafter. Residence
' 1413 Kearny street.
SMALI»—In Golden Gate, May 5. . 1898, Mrs. \
6 R Small, beloved father of Mrs. P. Cahlll.
a native of Massachusetts, aged 75 years and
■ 5 months. .
fCTFriends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral services
to-morrow (Sunday), at 2 o'clock, from the
" residence of Mr. P. Cahlll, Butter street,
Golden Gate.
SULLIVAN— In the City and County Hospital,
May 6. 1898. Hannah Sullivan, a native of
Ireland, aired 74 years.
THOMPSON— In this city, at Ocean View, May
6 1898 Andrew W., beloved son of Jacob and
Hannah Thompson, and grandson of • Han-
nah Cauley, a native of West Berkeley, Oak-
land aged 1 year 7 months and 13 days.
THACKERAY— In this city. May 5, IS9S, Wil-
liam beloved husband of Mlllsla Thackeray,
a native of England. . aged 60 years. ■
try Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully Invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, under the auspices
of Unity Lodge No. 131. I. O. O. P.. corner
of Sixteenth: and Valencia streets. Remains
at the parlors of James Hagan, 445 Valencia
' street Interment Cypress Lawn Cemetery.
WOHLTMANN— this city, . May 6. . IS9S.
Claus, dearly beloved husband of Emma
Wohltmann, a native of Germany, ased 43
years A member of Magnolia Lodge No. 41,
A O. U. W.
fry Friends and acquaintances are respect-
fully invited to attend the funeral to-morrow
(Sunday), at 1:30 o'clock, from his late resi-
dence Jo Isis street, between Twelfth .and
Thirteenth, Folsom and Harrison. Interment
I. O. O. F. Cemetery. - >
WORTH— In this city, at 336 Oak street. May 5.
IS9S William H.. beloved husband ; of Mary
a' ' Worth and . brother of Mrs. Ella J.
Chamberlain, a native of Troy X V., aged
63 T years. (Troy and Albany. . N. r V.. papers
*" r^Friend's are respectfully invited to at-
tend the funeral services to-morrow (Sunday),
at 2 o'clock at Mission Masonic Temple. 2668
Mission street, under the auspices of Mission
Lodge No. 169. F. and A.M. Interment Lau-
rel Hill Cemetery. »
IMcAVOY & GALLAGHER, i
FUKEKAL DIRECTORS & EMBALMBB3 I
.20 TITTR ST., Opp. Lincoln Sohosl. , : ".' |
- Telephone, South 80. / ■"■■ I .
• Estab. 18S8. "' ' : Tel. South 47.
CRAIG & COCH RAN CO.
'■'" Funeral Directors and Embalmcrs. .
■ 22, 24 AND 26 MINT AVENUE.
Lady assistants. Spacious chapel for tt>* ♦* •
of our patrons. Rubber Ores cv our arabulan»o
1516
JEFFRIES GETS THE
DECISION BUT FAILS
TO STOP THE SAILOR
Not a Great Battle From a Scientific
View, but Exciting Enough for the
Thousands Who Attended.
Flimsily Constructed Seats Give Way During the
Show and Hurl Hundreds of Helpless Spec
tators to the Floor, Injuring Many.
The criminal carelessness of a contractor and the National Athletic Club, as well as the indifference
and incompetence of an official of the Fire Department, came near turning the Pavilion into a scene of
death and disaster last night, instead of having it an arena for the aggrandizement of a pair of pillowed
bullies and the edification of a frenzied crowd.
Tom Sharkey and Jim Jeffries were pitted to figkt a twenty-round contest. They are both known
to*f ollowers of prize-fights as "sloggers," and the doors of the great building were hardly large enough
to let the crowds in fast enough to witness the exhibition. Seats for the crowd were constructed on
platforms, tier above tier, and arrangements had been made for seating 10,000 people. Long before
the preliminary exhibition fights were called every seat ow the lower floor was crowded, and on some two
men were clinging. The master of ceremonies had stepped into the ring to announce the first contest,
when there came a sound of cracking timbers followed almost instantly by a roar as of thunder, above
which could be heard cries and curses of injured and angry men. A tier of about a dozen seats along
the Polk street end of the building had fallen, carrying with it about 500 men. Instantly there was a stam
pede in the great building. Men began rushing in all directions and hundreds of them crushed their way
out through the crowd at the door and sought safety in the street. The Larkin street end of the build
ing was obscured in a cloud of dust. In the midst of the confusion there came another crash from
the midst of the dust cloud, and another section of the seats went down. Hardly had the sound of the
breaking timbers died away when the remaining section of the platform gave way.
Nearly 2000 men were scrambling, cursing and fighting in that cloud of dust, and in the confused
sea»of broken timbers and chairs. Several were injured, and for a few minutes there was a stream of the
wounded, assisted by friends, on the way to the Receiving Hospital.
It took some time to get order out of the confusion and start the show again. The lightweights
were introduced to the great audience, and they danced at each other for a round or two when there
came the same warning sounds from beneath the seats along the Larkin street side of the building. The
seats nearest the ring went first, and tier by tier they went crashing to the floor beneath. In an instant
2000 more men were scrambling amid the wreckage, fighting and cursing and groaning in their agony
from their injuries and obscured from the rest of the audience in a cloud of dust. Again there was a
stream of injured to the Receiving Hospital. In that crash the bandsmen were among those who went
down. For a while it was thought the great contest would be called off and the crowd dismissed fearing
more and greater disasters from the insecure seats. Finally, however, order was in a measure restored
and the fights went on. Stelzner and Baker were called to the ring, and they had hardly taken their cor
ners when creaking timbers gave warning of yet another catastrophe. A section of the platform on
which the seats were placed at the Larkin and Grove street corner of the building began to topple over,
and down it went with a crash. Several hundred men were among the debris when the cloud of dust
cleared away, and again there was a procession of injured to the Receiving Hospital. Most of the in
juries were of 8 slight nature, though for the time painful. One man, however, received an injury to
his spine, and he may never fuliy recover. Several others were so injured that it may be days before they
will be able to attend to their regular duties.
Contractor Doran says he put up the platforms and the seats in a good workmanlike manner, and
according to the plans he prepared and had approved. They were, he says, calculated to hold anH seat
6000 on the main floor and 4000 in the gallery. Nearly twice that many were put on the platforms
and the timbers used were unable to hold the weight. District Fire Engineer O'Shaughnessy passed on
the platform and pronounced it sufficiently strong to hold the crowd that could get on it. He, however,
asked that a few more braces be put under it to make provision for emergencies. The braces were placed
according to his direction, but his judgment, according to the result, was at fault.
The managers of the club claim that tne contractor was not stinted in the cost of his work. Doran
replies to that by saying he had only a short time to do the work and the limit of the expense the club
would stand for the work was $1125.
A DECISION IN
TWENTY ROUNDS
The Southern California
Giant Bests the
Sailor.
Jim Jeffries, the powerful representa
tive of Southern California, received a
|decision In his favor last evening, ren
dered by Referee Alexander Greggains,
•after he had faced Tom Sharkey In a
! twenty-round contest.
The battle was not as interesting as
the majority of the spectators had ex
pected, owing to the fact that Jeffries
put a quietus on the sailor lad when
ever the latter attempted rushing and
pushing tactics, for which style of
fighting Sharkey has been noted.
It was in the second round, after
Sharkey had received a straight left on
the nose, that he attempted to intro
duce his favorite game— that of pushing
his adversary with his shoulder and
then dashing at him, swinging the left
and right at the head.
Just as soon as Sharkey bore In Jef
fries put his gloves on the Sailor's
shoulders and held him against the
ropes. Sharkey quickly came to the
conclusion that at rough work he had
an opponent who was his superior In
weight, and afterward he did not resort
to rushing and shoulder butting.
In the opening round Jeffries Immedi
ately assumed the aggressive and
forced Sharkey to dance around the
ring, but after considerable fiddling
and arm movements the Sailor was
first to lead with his left, but the blow
fell short. Jeffries then got Sharkey
Into a corner and landed lightly on
the neck. The Sailor, who was much
quicker on his feet than Jeffries, side
stepped at a time when Jeffries was in
the act of swinging his left, and then
ADVERTISEMENTS.
Whether itching, burning, bleeding, scaly,
crusted, pimply, or blotchy, whether simple,
scrofulous, or hereditary, from infancy to age,
speedily cured by warm baths with Cuti«URA
Soap, gentle anointings with Coticura (oint-
ment), the great skin cure, and mild doses
of Ccticcea Resolvent, greatest of blood,
purifiers and humor cures. •
In «old throughout the world. Pom« D«ca «ko Cum.
Cour .. Sole Propj.. Boston.
05* ■• How 10 Care Every Blood Humor," fre«.
riAE Ulllf ADO FalJng R«ir u« Baby Blrm-
■ AUK nUßlUllw i»ba eai«l by Cgiicvw Boat-
moving up close he landed a good right
swing on Jeffries' jaw. The big fellow
smiled and made a wicked hook at
Sharkey, but the blow was very neatly
ducked.
In the second round Sharkey struck
at Jeffries in a clinch and was hooted
by the gallery. He had one arm free,
however and according to rule he had
the right to hit his opponent if he so
; pleased. Time and again Jeffries tried
I short-arm blows and hooks, but • the
, sailor was too quick, and avoided pun
ishment by clever ducking. After a
. rally Sharkey swung his right for
Jeff's jaw and the blow came within an
i Inch of landing. He smiled as the gong
1 sounded for corners.
It was in the fourth round that Jef
fries took some of the fire out of Shar
key's attack by short-arm punches
which troubled Sharkey's ribs to no lit
i tie extent. One hard smash caused the
sailor to grunt, and he then wildly
rushed Jeffries, only to receive a left
stop in the nose. Jeffries swung his
left and right, and Sharkey ducked so
low as to almost scrape the floor with
his nose. After a rally in which no
damage was done, Sharkey turned to
his seconds and Bald, "Why, he's easy";
i but scarcely had the words been spok
en when Jeffries' left fist landed on
! Tom's neck, and the sailor retreated
; quickly, Jeffries falling to follow up a
good opportunity that Sharkey left for
a smash in the stomach.
In the fifth round Jeffries proved that
! his blows were dangerous. A right
swing landed on Sharkey's arm and the
force of the blow sent the sailor stag-
I gering against a post. Jeffries, whether
1 it was because he did not desire to take
the least chance of being bit in the face
or was obeying instructions, failed time
I and again to follow up his game and
| especially was this noticeable when he
| had Sharkey in a corner under his
i wing, so to speak. Each time that
! Sharkey ducked under Jeffries' left arm
whenever Jeffries attempted to hook
■ him in the neck Sharkey would smile
and pass some remark, but during the
I last rounds of the fight Jeffries stopped
I the sailor's artful ducking by sending
a straight right into Sharkey's ribs.
In the seventh round some hot fight
ing resulted at close range, and in a
rally near the ropes Sharkey made a
wild rush, swinging right and left at-
Jeffries' head. The latter backed away
but ;he sailor was on top of him in a
jiffy and Jeffries was sent through the
ropes and came within an ace of falling
to the floor.
It was expected that the contest
I would terminate before the tenth
I round, but the sailor, who was much
; quicker on his feet than Jeffries, man
! aged by ducking and clinching to
! avoid punishment.
Jeffries fought a very slow and care
; ful fight, but he left his face ungarded
and Sharkey found little difficulty in
reaching it with straight blows, but the
sailor wanted to land a swing, which
blow Jeffries looked out for.
Jeffries invariably telegraphed his
blows. Before hitting he would pull
his arm back and Sharkey made ready
to duck. The only hard blows that
were landed were delivered at close
ranere, and the sailor must have a sore
left side this morning. Still, Jeffries
received his share of punishment in the
face. One or two blows that Sharkey
landed on Jeffries' mouth and nose
must have bothered tl c receiver.
The fight waa not very interesting
from the fact that both men resorted
THE PAX FRANCISCO CALL, SATURDAY, MAY 7, 1898.
to round-arm blows and swings in the
hope .of scoring a knockout. There
were very few straight* blows landed.
Jeffries should , have whipped Sharkey
in one or two rounds during the con
test when the sailor was groggy from
blows he received- in the head. -
Fitzsimmons can whip Jeffries easily,
and will certainly do so if they ; ever
meet. : >~~-~£r- : -. • - • ,■■•■
Although Greggains gave the decision
at the end of the twentieth round in
favor of Jeffries, there were many of
the spectators who said that a draw,
would have been proper
The preliminary event was to be a ten
round go , between two. light heavy
weights of local fame, Jack Stelzner and
Henry Baker. Stelzner was the taller
and heavier of the two, and was the fa
vorite in the betting at 2 to 1.- Baker put
up an aggressive fight and took some
grueling punishment from Stelzner's
straight lefts. In the sixth round Stelz
ner. who had been warned before, fouled
r-Jindr -Ji nd the referee, Lon Agnew, gave
the tight to Baker. The decision did not
meet with approval" from the public, as it
was evident that Baker would soon have
lost had the fight gone on aTid many
more flagrant violations of the rules have
been overlooked in the prize ring than
Stelzner s foul.
MY VIEW OF
THE BIG FIGHT
BY JOE CORBETT.
Tom Sharkey and Jim Jeffries engaged
according to schedule in a twenty-round
boxing match at Mechanics" Pavilion,
and Jeffries, the "pride of California,"
was awarded the decision.
The crowds began to congregate in
front of the various entrances hours be
fore the time set for the doors to be
opened, little dreaming, as they merrily
chatted as to the probable result of the
light, that death under crashing lumber
The Flimsy Structure on Which 2000 People
Were Seated.
and falling humanity might be their fate.
it Is needless to say that if every one in
that vast audience could have foretold
what was in store for him, Sharkey and
Jeffries would have settled their cham
pionship aspirations before iTiKK) vacant
seats. Such, however, is the uncertainty
of life.
Managers Groom and Gibbs, In antici
pation of the big crowd, bad made • i:ti>
orate arrangements for their reception.
Carpenters had been very busy for the
two weeks building ti^r^ of seats at an
elevation, so that everybody, young and
old, could have a good view of the great
battle. The crowd, on entering the Pa
vilion, immediately settled In these ele
vated Beats, but "they were built in a
hurry and not strongly enough to hold
the imttifnso mass of people, who occu
pied every inch of available space, and.
consequently, came down with a dull
crash, carrying everything before and
upon them.
To describe the scene as T saw it is
beyond me, yet the picture of those peo
ple as they were hurled headlong to the
floor one, and in some places twenty, on
top of each other, amid an avalanche of
chairs and broken lumber, will live for
years and years to come. That no one
was killed outright is the greatest of
miracles, and ninny a day will < <>me and
go ere people will again allow themselves
to be caught like a rat in a trap.
The fight itself was a big disappoint
ment to many on account of its lasting
the twenty rounds, yet was as good a
fight as has been witnessed in California
for some time, barring the Walcott-La
vigne contest.
Both men fought very carefully during
the early stages of the fight, apparently
afraid to try the prowess of each other,
Jeffries, however, landing body punches
at intervals which hurt and finally won
for him the decision. He forced the fight
ing from start to finish, following Shar
key from one side of the ring to the
other, but was unable to land a knockout
punch, owing to Sharkey's quickness and
cleverness. He, however, kept trying,
mixing it up whenever Sharkey was so
disposed, his body punches having a ter
rible effect, especially in the last few
rounds, when he devoted most of his
time to that part of Sharkey's anatomy.
Jeffries 1 judgment of distance w.as very
poor, as was Sharkey's, punch after punch
cutting the air, but as Jeffries forced the
lighting, landed oftener and did more
damage, he deserved the decision, which
was a just one.
Sharkey, on the other hand, consider
ing the odds against him, fought a good
fight, and a clean one considering his past
performances. True, he could not hustle
Jeffries around as he has many others,
yet he seemed intent on making a fair
fight, forgetting himself very seldom,
and then doing no damage.
He was almost continually on the de
fensive, his rapid footwork and clever
ducking saving him from many a hard
punch. He tried hard and often to land
a damaging punch, but Jeffries was tun
big and long. He. mad<* a game fight,
however, yet should not complain, as
Jeffries outpunched him, having him on
queer street three or four different times.
Both men have much to learn in the
way of science before they will be able to
cope with such men as Corbett and Fitz
simmons.
JEFFRIES WAS
NEVER AFRIAD
Jeffrfes f natural modesty got the better
of him. and he begged to be excused from
saying anything, adding that he dJd not
wish to appear rude, but he had nothing
to say. By repeated questioning, how
ever, he was prevailed on to say that his
hands caused him a great deal of pain
and he was unable to hit with much
force, as every blow caused a twinge of
pain to shoot* through his arm, causing
him to flinch.
"At no staye of the game could he lick
me," he said. "His blows did not feaze
me, and [ told him at different times dur
ing the light that he would lose if he did
li. «t do more lighting and less running
away. This would anger him, and he
said he would kmxk my roof out Into the
audience, and when he hit me he would
,;>; : How do you like that?' I joshed
him throughout the fight, and it got him
crasy. The only injury I received was
when he butted me in the nose and eye. . j
"He blackened It, and it hurt me more
than his blows. I was not tired at the
end of the fight, but was as fresh as a
daisy. I "m going to rest until my hands
get "in shape again, as I can't hit with
them. I will then be ready to receive
challenges."
Eddie Mttller, the little lame boy who
ruts as mascot for the good-natured
giant, will be fitted out by him with a
complete suit of clothes.
Jeffries on the Stage.
Immediately after the fight Jeffries
Fierned a contract with the management
ADVERTISEMENTS.
4-B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+B+»+«+"+"+"+" +B+ "'
GREAT
SPECIAL
PURCHASE!
ENTIRE STOCK
OF -A-
filOVF IMPfIRTER 1
ULUiL I 111 I UIISLIIi
Having bought AT OUR OWN FIGURES
the entire stock of E. I. JACOBY, THE DE-
CEASED IMPORTER OF GLOVES, we are
enabled to offer the following and many
other equally
Prodigious Bargains To-day
fLtZ- 20 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP CHAMOIS GLOVES, in white
DJt only, worth 85c; will be closed out for 65c a pair.
7C r 40 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP "PEERLESS" KID GLOVES,
/Jt . . colors and black, all sizes, extra good value for $1; will be
■* closed out for 75c a pair.
£1 C\f\ 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP PIQUE KID GLOVES, colors,
CJ)I«U\/ red, green, tan, pearl, white, heliotrope and black; extra
value for $125; will be offered for $1 a pair.
£1 f%f% 50 dozen LADIES' 2-CLASP DRESSED KID GLOVES, col-
vpl.Uv/ ors ed, tan, mode, green, white, pearl and black; good
value for $125; will be offered for $1 a pair.
£1 E^n 30 dozen LADIES' 2 AND 3 CLASP PIQUE AND OVER-
SEAM STITCHINGS.In different brands — "Trefousse," "Do-
!ris," "Dorothe," etc.; colors and black; value at 52 a pair;
will be on sale for $1 50 a pair. .
NOTE— We guarantee all these lines to be first class in quality and fit.
13^ STORE OPEN UNTIL 10 O'CLOCK SATURDAY EVENING.
l/if Murphy Building. * j/// Murphy Building:, m
Market and Jones Streets. [. .Martat ail Jones Streets.
of Morosco's Theater. He will appear
nightly during next week in sparring
contests with Jack Stelzner.
SHARKEY CALLS
IT A ROBBERY.
"Well. I think it was a robbery." Shar
key disgustedly said after the fight.
"Greggains did the dirtiest, lowest and
meanest turn ever done in Frisco. The
worst he could have done was to call it
a draw, but to give Jeffries a decision
after I punched him and did almost
everything with this fellow! You see
there is not a mark on me. I was able
to punch him when and wherever I
wanted. I could have knocked him out
in the tenth round, but thought if I be
gan rushing the crowd would have hal
ten '1 foul and the police would stop it.
"I will fight him again for $20,000 any
time he warns to. That decision does not
hurt me. r will say one thing: If he
jr. ■■ s up against Maher he will knock hla
head off. I don't know of any heavy
weight in the ring that he can lick. When
Greggains gave Jeffries the decision I
nearly dropped dead with surprise. I am
going to rest for six months, and the next
light I go into will be for the champion
ship of the world. My reputation Is all
ritrht. That decision only means a dif
ference of a few thousand to me."
LIST OF INJURED.
Some Perhaps Fatally
Hurt by the Collapse
of Seats.
HARRY DOBSON, lacerated wound of
the chin.
J. D. GINOCHI, lacerated wound of. the
evehrow.
JOHN McLELLAND, both knees
bruised.
J. L. MATCOVICH, contusion of right
leg.
R. STAPLETON", sprain of left foot.
M. F. CL'RRAN, lacerated wound of iha
scalp and contusion of the spine.
F. G. GRUENHAGEN, fracture of left
arm.
G. RATTO, fracture of left leg.
B. OLCOYICH, sprain of right ankle.
THOMAS MULVEY, possible internal
Injuries.
M. MoLAUGHLIX, sprain of right knee.
M. ROBENBAUM, abrasion of nose.
MICHAEL KERN, det-p out in head.
DR. McNl'l/TY, contusion of right foot.
The foregoing is the list of the men who
were injured by the collapse of several
rows of chairs at the Pavilion last night.
A few minutes before Baker and Stelzner
appeared in the ring the crowd was horri
fied by a sudden crash, accompanied by
the shrieks of the- wounded.
The seats in the southwest corner ot
the immense building had collapsed, pre
cipitating several hundred men to the
floor. The police rushed to the rescue, of
I the wounded, and when the debris was
i cleared away it was found that a number
I had been injured. A few minutes later
| the seats near the main entrance gave
way. injuring several people
Immediately after the first accident
! happened the ambulance was summoned.
i Finding that it w;is impossible to convey
the wounded to the hospital in the ani
bulance Captain Wlttman ordered the
patrol wagons to assist in removing the
'' "john Holland, a former driver of the
patrol wagon, and Louis Holtz secured
' a stretcher and assisted in removing the
wounded men to the hospital
"With the exception of Mulvey It was
i found that none were seriously Injured.
Mulvey, who is well known, it Is feared
' is internally hurt.
1 All the victims were loud in their de
i nunciation of the failure of the National
' Club to see that the seats were substan
tially arranged- It is claimed that several
holders of tickets informed the promot
ers of the fight that they feared an acci
dent, and suggested that they proceed to
"brace" the seats.
They were told to mind their own busi
ness, it is claimed, and rather than miss
the fight they concluded to occupy the
i seats, at the risk of their lives.
YELLOW JOURNALISM.
Given a little horse-bill type, a pres3
and a location by a sewer, and war
scares and fleet movements come easy
to professional fakers. Likewise bogus
interviews with men who have never
seen Cuba. — Grand Rapids Democrat.
SPEAKING OF FINDING WORK.
Some men always have a job, while
others are always looking for one. Wil
lie Boler of Atchison has had a steady
job for several years, although he is deaf
and dumb and has no legs. His broth
er Joe was a great h\o fellow, and per
fect as to speech and legs, but never
had a job in his life.- -Atchison Globe.
Try our ?1 eye glasses. 710 Market. U Cteaiy.